###PAGE###1###
f
7^

o
No. 12. 35th Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1U17
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE

Tlje Merchants Banl^ of Canada
ESTABLISHED .1874
THE HARDWARE STORE
BANK
Established JW64

Capital Paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
OFFICERS J
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan. VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. P. flZBDEN. GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D.C. Mac arow.
4,750,000
OTTAWA
Economy is the Word
06 Branche» In Canada.
!
Save Money by Saving your Machinery.
National Carbonless Motor Oil
(The be«t there M
Polorine Motor Oil Gas Engine Oil Steam Cylinder Oil Transmission Grease Cup Grease Machine Oil Separator Oil
All high grade goods at reasonable prices. Come here for the slip easy stuff.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital ..	...............
lieserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30,16
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada-How can You Help Win the War ?
BY NOT WASTING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with us If n start in the right direction.
Sending money to the Boy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.
$7,000,000 7,250,084 108,956,096
Hon. George Bryson, President, Russell Blackburn,
Sli George Bum,
Sir Henry K. Egan, lion. George Gordon,
General Manager :
O. M,
W. Duthle .	-
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclaren,
M. J.O'Brleo,
Hon. Sir George II Perley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : H, V.Cann.
• Chief Insptctor.
• e
f
\
BY PRODUCING
BY SAVING
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balance*.
Prudent i>eople gradually build up savings funds, and are thus prepared for the opiiortunities or necessities of the future.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon w. r. DRUM
The dates of Chapeau Fair this year are Sept. 24, 25 and
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like framed. Call and sec samples. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imison.
Am prior Fair on Sept. 17th, 18th and 19th is to be “better than ever.” No effort is being spared to bring ARNPRIOR FAIR to the forefront of all Fall Fairs.
Shftwville Fair, September 28, . 28th.
WANTED — Millinery Apprentice. Mrs. Kbli.BY, over Mr. J. II. Shaw s Store.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Eastman’s Kodaks and supplies. Amateur finishing a socially. H. Imison, Photo Artist.''
The harvest Thanksgiving services will be conducted, on Sunday, Sept. 16th, by Rev. Mr. Geddie, at St. Stephen’s, Gieer Mount, at 10.30 a. m., St. Matthew’s, North Clarendon, at 2.30
p. m.
Would the person who found a small dark-brown purse, containing two 25 cent pieces, a week ago last Friday night, between It. J. Black’s and the i>ost office, be kind enough to leave it at Thk Equity office and oblige Mrs. W. Renuick ?
Manager, Shawvllle
27,
Manager, Quyon.
“Canadas Best”
nCOWLING /tfH/j
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
*¦ SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
s
J. H. SHAW.
B

OTTAWA,ONT
4
;e
LJ
Pi.ease Return Bottles.-Milk
customers are kindly requested to | you may therefore start at any time, return bottles promptly, as some Our rate* are $10 per month; do not
times so many are held back timt	c?Z?fc m2S* * .	. .	,	.
«¦« -rvice I. int.if.nd with. JSS.'tSXSfiStSSlSPSSi
SAM HoDGIXS. I es. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
Penmanship, Spell-
lias proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service « School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools In Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Inga Advocate.
W. B.Gowlino, H.G. W. Braithwait President
W. A. HODGINS
%
»
The citizens of Norway Bay had quite a ware last Friday, when some boys, playing with matches, it is reported, started fires in several places, in the woods behind the
The weekly work meeting of the cottages. Fortunately the fires | r „ local home-makers’ club will be were discovered before they made
held at the home of Mrs. Cowan very much headway, and were Prepare your exhibits for the this week on Friday evening (in- extinguished.	Had there been a	local Fair at Shawville, September
stead of Thursday) at the usual high wind at the time, however, it 126, 27 and 28
hour.	is hard to say what damage would,	....	.	.	.	.
have resulted	Mrs. Kelley having returned
The Murrell Homemakers’ Club	from Toronto Miliinery Openings, i increased attendance 45% or nearly one
will meet at the home of Mrs. Geo. A Claphatu	settler named La-	invites all ladies to inspect a full	; half	Increase	in	our	shorthand	depart
Robitaille, Sept. 19th, at 7 o’clock, fleur had his	house considerably	line of most iq>-to-date millinery,	ment last year and	“	NO QUITTERS."
L'pib, isrer H2.TS5È	ï'vn ,,pe""u'*	“ sth-
Jtùtmsss-œ
System -by Mrs. Jas. McMullan. trunk standing. Several panels ot At Radford on Aug. 13th, to Mr.	N, L HARRISON,
Roll Call—The Rivers of Quebec.	fence, were also demolished. Mira- and Mrs. A. McKniglit, a son.	c 0	Principal.
cillons as it would seem, none of . . ~	~	„ . , i l«©i Sparks Street, entrance between
*	I the inmates of the house were in- . At ^'e?L,Rotl 1V’	on Fnday, I Ketchum's & Sims.
Keep a record of your outings, your i jlired ; although the dog and a Wulfci u* 5° T; and Mr* children and your stock, by purchasing sheep that were near by were | *^°oert Jiiuci, a clnugliter,
a kodak. I have a complete stock from | killed $1.25 up
hani. Typewriting In*. English, Correspondence Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
etc
SHAWVILLE
Principal
Every Willis Graduate is Working.
GOLD WEATHER GOODS.
Our range of Men’s Sweaters is real good and prices moderate considering the very high price of wool. Examine our steely and judge for yourself.
Men’s Underwear
Pure Wool Unshrinkable, per suit
Wool
Fleece Lined
Good asst. Fall Top Shirts
75c. to $2.00 each.
Peabody Overalls and Smocks,
$4.00 per suit.
$1.50.
A position for every Willis Graduate
PIANO FOR SALE—A new Upright Colonial style. Mahogany Case Piano-one of Gourlay'ft best makes—cost $450 00, will sell for nearly half—cash or time. Phone, write or call on Mrs. Scohie, “ Scobie House,*' Norway Bay.
H. IMISON
Marriages
¦(¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I ' e v
Monday and Tuesday, Sept. 17th Mr. W. B. Sturgeon, of Mada- On Tuesday, Sept. 4th, at the and 18th being Jewish Holidays, waska, was a visitor	in town for	a	Manse. 51fi McLeod St., Ottawa, by
our stol e will remain closed until few days this week.	Rev. H. T. Kalem, Factor of East-
Op. m. Tuesday, Sept. 18th.	Miss Daniels, of Montreal, is the view Presbyterian Church, Mr. portable Waterloo engi
abihibSS„°' -- Ph""p*’ **the StïrfsfiSb“Sio»Aon">	8
_ _ .	, Mr. and Mrs. F. Jones, Dr. E.	----
Tb# School l aim.	Taggart and Miss Dorine Taggart,	Whelan—McNally.	GOAT LOST—About two weeks ago
Three of the aooual.School Fairs,	^ from the on Sutu‘- The marriage of Miss Helena
held under the direction of Shaw-	McNally, youngest daughter of lug at The Bquitt Off ce, or » phoning
ville Demonstration Branch of Miss Jean Masson, who for the Mr aucj	John McNally of Mrs. L. A. Smart. Starke Cornem.
Macdonald College, came off last three weeks has been visiting Caron, Sank., (formerly of Lady- ---
week, and were oil the whole of a her parents at Smith	rails, return-	,niith, Que.) to Patrick J. Whelan,	/CONCRETE CULVERTS. PIPES AND
very successful character. These °d to town Saturday	evening.	Credit M'g'r for Swift Can. Co.,	^	curbing* for	well*	sold	at	Works
Fairs were held aa follows	Dr. S. L. and Mrs. O’Hara are in and eldest sou of the late John Contracts made with Municipalities to
Shawville,	September 6, Masham this week attending the Whelan and Mrs. Whelan, of Pres-	=2^" *%*"A**"
Bristol, Maple Ridge, “	7,	obsequies of Mrs. O'Hara's mother,	cott, Out., was quietly solemnized	Me T McDowell & So. .Shawviiie Que.
Campbells Bay,	“	8.	who passed away on Sunday last.	Sunday r>. m., at 4.80. at St.
SSHmEH I	wS&ssasBi& *
place, and that it did not do so,	v ’	travelling suit of Russian green
was rather a disappointment. Mr. Geo. Lang, youngest son of gabardine, the coat opening over
Nevertheless, we learn it compar-1 the late Humphrey Lang, arrived an embroidered white ninou waist, Arnprior, Sept. 8.—The bfxly of ed very well wi^Ji and in some re-	in town Friday evening to spend a	with a green and yellow plush	A. F. Campbell, a prominent	hi inspects exceeded last year’s effort,	few days among old friends. Geo.	hat. Her costume was completed	her merchant of this place,	was
There were 100 exhibitors, and - has been in the West for the past	by a corsage bouquet of bridal	found yesterday morning	in a
some of the displays in the various seven or eight years, and is at	roses.	badly	mutilated	condition	beside
departments were very creditable, present located at Ashcroft, B. C.	Following the ceremony Mr. and	the C.	P	R	tracks, just east of the
~ In managing the Fairs* Mr. uP ftnf| Mr,	- Mrs. Whelan and immediate rela- town. While it is not absolutely
Hodge, the local demonstrator, ; R“' vS! 1	V1 j; iv*i’tlves were entertained to supper | certain, the facts point to his
had the assistance of the follow- ( L y<’irt,	\ p1, ti JL ,, the home of the bride’s sister, having been struck by a west
lug members of Macdonald College | *Vfl* fj.*,	* t	I Mrs. J. M. Murdock, and left on bound train while walking on the
staff, who acted in the capacity of	>)V \iIN s,evening train for Minaki and Great track about six thirty o’clock last
judges	EL Johi/pulford and *i*ter MiV Lakes and on their return will evening.
ïîr«ass:“:""
-5s, £ & ïfcÆrs 2»-»WW J,srrtrr„r^r.t£ as
cooking and canning.	A young friend of Pte Clifton from the Garrick Club, (of which
J. Harold MeOuat, Asst. Demon- Woodley, who was wounded and	the bride was a member) and a
strator to Quebec Rural Schools — taken prisoner by the Germans at	cabinet of silver from the family
judge of weeds, etc.	Ypres in June, 1916, recently re- —Com. »
E. A. Led#, Root Crop Investi- reived a group photo, in which gator—judge of grain, corn and | absent young sold Ur appears In carpenter work.	his shirt sleeves, just as if he had
À. H Walkei, Florist-judge of come in from work, and looking	---
flow et < vegetables, etc.	fairly well. The name* of hi* four ... ™. ^ , .......	v.. ..,
Mr. Maw, of the Poultry Depart- companions are not given, but one evening, Sept. 8th, FlorenceLeitcb. ment, judged the exhibits under i# thought to be a member of the aged 12 yean», daughter of Mr. and that head.	Hobin family, (formerly of North Mr# Stewart Lelteh. The funeral
A large number of people visited I Clarendon) who was reported miss- took place to the Portage du Fort the local event, which was held at j iug, and tor several months past .cemetery, service being conducted the Academy.	-	has been given up for dead.	' by the Rev. Mr Brown.
PERSONAL MENTION
Stare Closed
FOR SALE—1 second-hand 14 H. P.
ine in first class achine Works.
11-3
$3.00
2.50
1.50
Iron Duke Overalls
Arnpnor Man le Killed
By Train.
A full range of
Caps
Mitts
Ties
Socks Gloves Braces, etc.
It will pay you to secure your cold weather wants early this fall.
¦HMi o’clock
le were!thought that he wan suffering
from a temporary fit of insanity ms he left home secretly after having locked all his valuables up in a safe. When he did not return at eleven o’clock a search for him was instituted, which was continued all night.
His body was found this morning with both legs and an arm At Starks Corners on Saturday | broken. An inquest wa» held this
ulngSWft verdi f a lent» ml death was returned by the jury. The late Mr. Campbell was fifty-
the
Deaths
W. A. HODGINS
was returned by the jury, e Mr. Campbell was fifty-eight years of age. He leaves a willow and one sou, Andtew both y in g here.

###PAGE###2###
WlQ
“Hands up! Don't move! We’ve got you all covered!"
Nobody at the table moved; everyone sat motionless. T ¦¦¦¦ to the first chair and then halted in astonishment with excelsior were made up to represent men, and in the semidarkness of the room Kelly had been completely deceived.
“Fooled again
mm

\ '
\
Emphasize Your Personality
Kelly advanced
puddle
Ten dummies stuffed
Your photograph does not look like the photograph of one else in the world. Make your handwriting
r
MASK
any
Kelly muttered.
“Let’s get out of here!" was his com-
n'*But just'as th'e^fwo men started to! A COl RSE lN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN exit through the door by which they	TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
%%%%;,% Ü53 SS	.	rw„.
p issage. Vat’s trap had worked fault-	flrst act in the process of di-; soon as the food reaches the stomach,
lessly.	gestion is the chewing or mastication Starchy indigestion is the result.
mMSS/SS K'Ç ...................... F.,	£
tery. They heard a grating noise ,n teeth are necessary. If the teeth are by the galiva in the mouth; and then.
A purphTm.T covered Uie face	lhe	not *, when they are transformed into the
when a panel slid aside, thoroughly chewed, and in that case a glucose state, the process of digestion
1
just as individual. The surest way is to use
4
Wa
s
(iracx> (xuvcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
Ideal
4 « in f T i
Fo
en
¦
that appeared when a panel slid aside,; morougniy cneweu, ana in tnat case a glucose suue, me process oi aiget but Kelly knew the voice that galled large portion of the saliva will be lost *8 <"ontinued by the stomach fluids
sHEBS
The Pen For School and College
Illustrated folder
At Best Stores—$2.50to$50. In agreat variety.
L. E. Waterman Company, Limited, Montreal
The remainder of tha food is convert-
ed into a thick fluid, consisting of
TENTH EPISODE
solids and undigested particles, sus-Tne purpose of the saliva is two- pended in a yellowish liquid called hirst, it lubricates and softens chyme. This is the state into which
The Strange Discovery.
The excited crowd at the- speedway
number one.	i
There was nothing to be done, save fold sat for more than an hour watching ^ make the most of their situation the flying motors tear around the track.
was a red car bearing
number.	........... .............
The leading car, which was No. 12, wall, its iron front even with the sur- oughly chewed or broken up, is trans- ! In the intestines, the food is acted kept its advance position until the	face.	The political grafters, com-	formed	into a convert sugar, called	upon by various fluids, each having its
leaders entered the last lap of the	pel led	to leave the money in the safe	glucose.	The food is then swallowed,and	own part to perform The bile
Crossing the finish line an easy win- Pat had been thoroughly informed swallowed, this action ceases as J digestion for the albumens and sugars, ner. No. lit was acclaimed by the these details and came prepared.
shouting multitude. But when the	The	Apaches climbed in from the	l'ocd Adjuncts	slices. Cut tho cucumbers in one-inch
driver’s cap was doffed in response to	fire-escape, dragging after them a;	Beverages and condiments are the	blocks and add the onions Lnd weigh;
t sa«9 wESSsSnl sssawe ft S.TT «a;
S5S53S»
Ma lean	hind which Pat went quickly to work. Water is the commonest beverage ounce of cloves, one ounce of whole
But <h*e derived the greatest satis- Within a few moments she had and it also forms the fifth class of allspice, one ounce of blade mace,
another «... of »» K,„,
the racea^and	^e	s^meXJth^had	tiny'piece
men to be liberated trom their peril- her first effort and hurried home to re-	Coffee is the berry or seed of a kettle and pour on vinegar until it
position in the chamber of death., ]ea,e geuv Rnd his men.	tropical tree. The berry is roasted comes to one inch of the top of the
l he next day 1 at received * visit	(To be continued.)	and ground; then it is boiled, or per- contents of the kettle. Add the sugar
"l '	------?----- colated. Coffee acts us a stimulant and bring to a boil, slowly for one-hllf
to the nerves and relieves fatigue. It hour has no food value.

*
The safe itself wat built into the tontamed in the food,which,when thor- testinal canal.




I
THE RIGHT P^ | MT 70 PAINT RIGHT
—Is fully guaranteed. Outdoors and in, it will make things glisten like new.
A scientific, machine-mixed, quality paint that will never fail you.
I

Cov-
*
f

A. RAMSAY & SON COMPANY
Makers of Fine Paints an<L
Varnishes
MONTREAL TORONTO VANCOUVER





It was a moment of supreme happiness
)

Place in a preserving

va
ous
esrAQUSHto IM
I
I
from Miss MacLean niece came Robert Jackson to pay his respects and compliment* to the clever
wearer of The Purple Mask.	WÊM I	. ,	^
“You are a wonder. Miss Pat,” said	A Movement in Britain of I ar-Reach-1 Tea, tho Mayes of a plant, contains
Jackson. “I have found out more!	ing Consequences.	theine, which u 4 stimulant
things that I really should know than	.	,	tea is allowed to stand after brewing,
I ever imagined were going on. El-'	1,u	Rreat batk J-° thi ,lan	m	.	it develops tannin, which is a poison. Sour Pickles.—Fifteen cucumbers
liott is gone from my employ	and	moilt Klvu °ut of ihe national service	Fresh boiling water should be poured	from the brine, cut in	one-inch blocks,
Mary, I am glad to say,Realizes	how	awakening. The merciless sinking of	over tealeaves, then the liquid poured	one dozen small white	onions, one red
unworthy of her Mr. Drew proved	food ships brought England hang up	into the tea pot. Tea should not be	pepper, cut in pieces.	Cover with cold
himself to be."	against the alternative that she must	boiled. It has no food value.
The pranks she had aUrted abroad cultivate more ground or face inter- chocolate and cocoa, whether eaten1 Drain and add: One ounce of celery
n |l ' V h •» ri ,n nf »ho Snhinx) ^ had	crises 90 long as t -boat» w made into a drink, have a decided, and mustard seed, one tablespoonful
led to the eri devoting herself to any rava**d the	. v	! food value. When used in beverage of whole cloves and allspice, one table-
interest that she might serve, looking ^ne of first	that ncw form, they should be cooked for ten spoonful of blade mace. Cover with
to the defeat of trickery or conspiracy* Food Director did was to	issue	the	minutes and served very hot.	vinegar and bring to a boil.	Cook
She had become interested in helping following dramatic appeal:	Condiment is the name given	to	slowly for one-half hour, then seal
tne oppressed, her experience in Du- "To all plowmen and workers	on	herbs, spices, sauces, flavoring ex-	in wide-mouth bottles and	jars,
franc having inspired her fervent in- the land:	i tracts and seeds. They give food Store in a cool dry places
terest in the cause of the people as “In the trenches, German	shells	a pleasant flavor and	should be used Pickled Onions.—Use the tiny white
against greedy politicians and rule:s. come over on Sunday as on	week-	in moderation. Vinegar is the fer-	pickling onion.	Pour boiling water
ëïïSH :	..2TS SLSt K„"2 %
meeting of a report that there had ^ve on Sundays ns on any	other day!	Reliable Recipes for Pickle*.	brine that will float an egg.	Now
been a great “slush fund" collected to “The enemy takes NO HOLIDAYS. Gherkins.—Prepare small cucumbers wash in plenty of cold water and place further the election of certain crafty De uses every hour to destroy your or gherkins by pickling them in a a preserving kettle. Cover with politicians just then largely in the	country and kill your brothers.	strong salt brine for four days.	Make	one part	skimmed milk and two	parts
public eye.	“Will you not work every hour from	a brine that will float an egg.	Bring	water.	Boil	gently	for ten minutes.
When Pat’s agent reported the fact daybreak to dark, week-day and Sun- to n boil and then cool.	Pour it over	Drain and wash	in cold water and then
that this money was locked in two day. for the next few weeks?	Your the pickles. Weight	them to keep	fill into bottles.	Fill with hot, spiced
to investigate and report back to her	.	,	.... from th* brine, fifteen tiny white
the next day. According to orders the Fut in your best work. Inferior Apaches discovered that the rumor of work means poor crops.”
the money having been collected was1 So deeply was the country stirred	______
true.	over the farm situation that clergy-1	„ ____
That afternoon Phil Kelly received	men not only preached the gospel of	I A I hxT	Vil P
a mystifying note by mail: "We will	Sunday plowing from the pulpit, but	eiim 1 LfJI 1/Li V IV/Li
BEHH 5H.=rB to hunt u-boats
poar e »»	! themselves.	1
Kelly was known to be conversant1 In order to speed up things hun-with doings in the underworld. When dreds of tractors were introduced on he was approached by the leader of the farms. The British farmer for the “White Slave Gang," as the crook- the first time in his life is using the ed politicians were called, he was not latest scientific aids to farming, surprised.	Not the least interesting phase was
Put the crook* were the ones to be, the commandeering of a host of wo-
TW^rcv,,
promptly accepted the commission to »nd have become very efficient, protect the "boodle" the crooks had ' More ground is under cultivation in collected.	Great Britain to-day than at any other
Although kelly had discredited the time in its history. Although the More than 10,000 inventions and note while in conversation with the po- country can never raise enough wheat suggestion* for doing away with the litical crooks, he was perfectly well as- and corn to sustain itself, she has at cruel submarine menance to travellers
sured that it had been sent to him by |east taken out definite insurance on the sea have been sent to the naval ! . A uev/ ro ,, ate ^ pneumatic
-#### giü
iîa,rg is arjhîïïi:	Use Magnesiau,.^.
completed the furnishings.	t real ment of stomach troubles, is due to when it sights it* prey. The present1
toS, Tt'.;»	£“ 2ur5.îsr ïssr ...bjïjt >¦
jffifysarwsts ~	1 SETS: IïWïS:
ing a crack through which the watch- which in a little warm water immediate- nears the submarine broadside on. A
ft might observe what was going on	ïïop ?.rWm"nuuoS'l.>nd'hu.*"” heavy contact bomb it quickly lower-
In the room.	__ . sure painless normal digestion. Care ed to the proper depth in the water by
E^hSSIhü11 —"—
through the hou.e.	Î2	toVSTBS. KS
I NTs
Stir frequently, taking care not to break the cucumbers wide-mouthed bottles or all-glass jars. These can be used in three ways and are most delicious.
BACK TO THE LAND."
Seal in

When
I clency of the huge organizatfon ed to meet war need* and which already drew upon the great bulk of • the population.
[THE GREATEST LESSON OF WAR
creat-
No Longer “Retired."
water and boil for three minutes
It was then that Britain made her great test of middle-aged patriotism. In a hard campaign it built up a civilian reserve; it gave agriculture a rebirth of energy and efficiency; it enlarged the sphere of vyoman'e usefulness to a degree undreamed of in the first period of the war, when it was believed that the sex had reached the limit of its industrial capabilities.
It was not long before England ^ manhood and womanhood composed itself Into three great divisions—those
, ,	, ,	....	. .	who fought, those who woriwd and
right job at the beginning of the war tho,„ who p#id. The program left the
it would have been over now. It was Packer entirely out of consideration, a great argument for national service, Before the campatgn waa over the
says a correspondent.	species was almost extinct.
If the great war has taught one les- what was this national service! It son above all others, it is the lesson of meant the voluntary enlistment of national service. Germany’s perfect j every man between the ages of eight-war equipment was merely the result ecn and ,i%ty-one for the nation’s of forty years of patient and persist- work ent preparedness based on conscrip-
THAT OF NATIONAL SERVICE AS ENGLAND DISCOVERED.
All Britain Is Divided Into Three Classes—They Who Fight, They Who W ork, and They Who Pay.
Not long ago I heard a well-known Englishman say:
“If the right man had been on the
Note—Cooking in milk and water onions, one lemon, cut in one-half prevents the onions discoloring. Use lengthwise, then cut in very thin graniteware in making pickles.
Then came the great opportunity tion, which made the whole nation a for the man past fifty. The word
partner in the Kaiser’s world ambi- “retired" suddenly dropped out of the tion. The change from peace to war British vocabulary. Just as thousands was possible without a hitch in the 0f retired officers came flocking to the imperial productive machine
and swings toward the liull, the airplane drags it the short distance upward, and the bomb strikes the submarine. The percussion explodes the mine, and blows up the U-boat without danger to the plane.
- Even should the bomb miss the sub-MOST FEASIBLE OF THE 10,000 marine it could be exploded from the
airplane. The operator simply releases the brake for an instant, then presses down hard on the brake lever. The jerk will fire the emergency device within the bomb, and if the submarine is anywhere near the explosion will at least disable the submarine.
colors, so did thousands of their colleagues in civil life, Who had long
left the desk and routine, go back to Britain, on the other hand, com- the job No m&n, no matter how old milled the colossal mistake of relying or rich or faraou, he wes> regarded
upon voluntary service at the begin- ^y work as too trivial to do so long ring of the conflict. The result was ag jt released a human being for the that the flower of her youth waa sac- fighting forces, rificed because the best men rushed to the colors. A host of artisans went to the front to fight and had eventually
ÏPISJSS-
fabric for the moment. This costly ex- lal, when anting iheep. They perience dictated compulsion for the made . in th, ^ jult wide army. It provided at once an auto- ough ^ ,dmit on, lheep at a u,n., matic weeding out of fighting and and „ y,, ,heep went trough they working desirables and prevented fur- runted them, making a notch In a ther commercial and economic dislo- ,tick at every fifteen.
ca*jon-	Phonetically the numerals sound like
But even this procedure did not fill "Yann, tane, tether, mether, pip, sax
up the gaps In the battle lines. This &*ne, catterer, wheeler, dick, yann-er-war is a relentless ravager, and the dick, Une-er-dick, tether-er-dick, cry went up for more men. England mether-er-dick, boomflt” suddenly realized that she must re- “Boomfit" was fifteen; when they sort to a new national service which reached it they made g notch in the would release a whole new army for stick and began the strange riant all fighting and yet not impair the effl-' over again.
War’s Demand*
INVENTIONS OFFERED
Idea is to Strike Submarine Hulls With Bomb* Dragged by Low-Flying Planes.
Counting up to "Boomflt"
?
Lawn clippings are useful in mulching growing crops.


z
How the Mechanism Works
This mechanism ia an entirely new device which received its inception with the development of this plan of
ary
Knowing where Kelly*, stepe would îîST t"h. u« of n.p.in.'rhirc«L"•
mints, drus* find medlrlne* an* Invariably sstmiished to And that the stomach. '
.	.	.	.	.	. f relieved of the Irritating acid and g a*.	.	...	^	.
tery. the leader of the Apac hes had *>,,n regains Its normal ton». *n<i can do the slightest reduction in the tension prepared and set the surrounding of It» work «lone without the doubtful al«l room for the detectives’ reception of «rttflcial digests y _
The British people, in the .my .nd
covering^ their faces and heads, out need our entire surplus. They ' til it is just below what he gagea the I	|	|	| ^ g‘	v	*	* MMÉk The bomb
| thin drags along while the airpl large, approaches its prey nearer and nearer
Knowing where Keiiy s steps wouia lead him, because of the arrangement of the Interior of the House of Mys-
D
A
It la very sensitive, for at
of the spring the bomb responds by sinking.
The air pilot lets the bomb sink un-

a roo Arou?
te
is made in one grade only—the highest So there Is danger of getting “seconds” when you buy Redpath in the original Cartons or Bags.
y *'Let Redpath Sweeten It.**
Canada Sugar RefininflpCo., Limited, Montreal,

n
IKfUUl i	lliR Mitni i ¦! wm «mhj "rw in. —-^	« X*	À jR ^ -	Æ I —	" — w
Kelly mwed cautiously down the need more—they need pert of what j Fubmarine’s depth to he narrow passage that led to thi s room, we eaualh Drawing hie revolver, the Sphinx entered. The occupant# of the chairs around the long table paid no attention to hi
no


Geologists have din-amounts of undergrou Egypt and plans are i
pas»e* over the The wire dragging behind hits before log* against the sub-1 tarine hull. The bomb continues on 1


in
ê
bmar
way fo

Is foi
¦I
in dry sea
ng many w
¦ad

Ki
«
[m
JO. 20. 50 and 100 lb. Bags.
then shouted
hit
ar t
###PAGE###3###
X

arm, (rop
cries-
®*.
Mothers end daughters of ell ages are cordially Invited to write t0 th!l* department. Initials only will be published with each question »n answer as a means of Identification, but full name and address mui §lven In each letter. Write on one aide of paper only. Answers * ¦nailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope is enclosed.
Address all correspondence far this department to Mrs. Helen Woodbine Avs„ Toronto.
I
f** ....
# AT
/
in
t --n
E


W
r
i
i,i
&

9

r-'
<S#'
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell
V

• The object of this department le to place service of our farm re# de re the advice of an •c*n0'"4 edged authority on all subjects pertaining to eolle am •rope.

/A
i
211



Address all questions to Professor Henry 0. Bell, In core of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In this column In the order In which they are received. As apace Is It la advisable where Immediate reply la necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with me question, when the **#w#r will be mailed direct

Jm*
Mrs. T.:—1. To remove spots from still resides at the squat and ug y your Hi/tt, mix a little cornstarch into edifice of St. James's, and levees and ; 8 paste with gasoline, rub this on the drawing rooms continue to be held I spots and let it remain until dry, then there in support of the legal fiction.
I brush out with a whiskbroom and you The name of St. James appears in I will find that unless the stains are connection with the present edifice very stubborn they have disappeared, cause a hospital for lepers was occu-Keep	away from	any fire while doing	pied on the site	before	1190 under de-
this.	2	A good	freckle and sunburn	dication to St.	James	the Less. In
lotion is 1 ounce of hydrogen peroxide, 1632 Henry VIII. took over the pro-I ounce rosewater, and 2 ounces witch- perty from its monastic possessors, hazel. Apply several times a day. destroyed the buildings and erected
3.	A dry, well-ventilated place, such as the palace, of which Hans Holbein is
an attic,	furnishes a good storage	said to have been the designer. While
place	for	onions	in winter, as slight	little of the old	Tudor	palace surviv-
freezing does not injure them, pro- ed the fire in 1809 the chimney piece vided they are not handled while froz- in the presence chamber displays the en. To keep well, onions must initials H. A. as u reminder that at the be matured and thoroughly dry. time it was constructed Anne Boleyn
4.	It is said that eucalyptus oil was Queen. 3. To correct stooped will remove grease stains from any shoulders try to get out of the habit kind of material without injuring it of allowing them to droop, and sleep Apply the oil with a clean piece of with a very small pillow or none at flannel and rub the material gently | all until the stains disappear
M.C.S.:—A common cause of tired «^ms and place a broom-stick or other
suitable stick in the angles thus formed in such a way that the stick will come behind the back, and keep it there for a few minutes walking if desired. Inflate the lungs often and in other ways develop your chest muscles. “Shoulder braces” are not recommended.
ror

v
ÏW" vi

»

Henry G. Bell
I

Question—A.F.:-—I have a five-acre will get better results than you woul field with good natural drainage, otherwise.
which 1 want to get into alfalfa next In order to still further insure a year. It was well manured two yeare catch, I would advise drilling in 200 ago, and aowed to wheat; not seeded to 300 lbs. of fertilizer per acre, as last year. Plowed last fall, and beans advised in answer to A. P. planted this spring without fertilizer.	Question—B.K.:—I have a field that
Shows a good stand of beans. The is seeded to clover on the north half, soil needs lime. Will you kindly tell and the south part is in corn thto year. Hie the best way to start the alfalfa, I wish to use the whole field for cow also when and how to lime the soil? pasture next year. What can I sow on Answer:—When	the beans are the south part that will make good
harvested have the ground plowed pasture? deeply. As soon as the soil is dry en-	Answer:—After the corn has been
ough to work next spring, apply a harvested, I would advise you to falldressing of ground limestone at the plow this parfof the field and as soon rate of at least a ton per acre. Work as the soil will work in the spring, sow this into the soil by disking and bar- the following mixture:—one bushel rowing. About two weeks later sow each of wheat, rye and barley. For a bushel to a bushel and a half of bar- pasture purposes it will not make any ley as a nurse crop at the same time difference whether you use fall wheat seeding with 20 to 25 pounds of good or spring wheat for spring seeding, alfalfa seed per acre. In order to in- With good weather this pasture should sure n good catch of alfalfa, I would come along so that you can use it in advise the addition of 200 to 300 six weeks. Avoid , pounds of fertilizer per acre
can be drilled in at the same time the allowing any of the grain to come to seed is sown, if the seed drill has a head. This mixture has given good fertilizer distributing attachment If results on many farms in Ontario and not, the fertilizer can be broadcasted in tests at Ontario Agricultural Col-the same as was the lime and worked lege.
into the soil by a light harrowipg just Question—W.F.:—I have three acres previous to the time the grain and of land which I plowed up last spring alfalfa seed is sown. This fertilizer being old mod with some June grass, should carry from 2 to 4% ammonia and put it into barley. Could I work and from 8 to 12% available phos- it good now and sow part of it to phoric acid. It would be well also to sweet clover this fall for pasture next have 1 or 2% potash, if it is obtain- summer? It is first class clay loam
ira*
fin©
m
\
»
X
plated

PEA CHES
rriHE most valuable of all fruits for preserv-JL ing. Home preserved peaches give at small cost, autumn’s most luscious fruit for our winter enjoyment.
Several times a day bring the forearms at a right angle with the
and swollen feet Is weak instep. Examine for symptoms of flatfoot. Rheumatism is another very common
cause
Take an alter native hot and cold foot bath at bedtime moist pack to the feet over night—a n.oist towel covered with mackintosh and flannel. Massage with cold
cream is also useful. If varicose	, .	,
vein, are present bathe in cold water nef: p/Lomp1.tly «crved: " m°re P°Pular
twice daily and apply an elastic band- ™th .tbe '*rMhf.ra ,ha\a f,nty“ age or a cotton flannel bandage, cut The day before they are to come bake
on the bias about two and one-half	^
inches in width	former and steam the- latter a féw
Apply a
pasturing too This heavily, and on the other hand, avoid
«
R B.:—A good plain abundant din
"Pure and Uncolorcd ”
is best for peaches and all other preserving. The clear sparkling syrup develops all the exquisite flavor of the fruit. Pure cane, “FINE” granulation. Experienced housekeepers order it by name all through the preserving season.
minutes while preparing dinner, which . M . I- There are two “Domin- freshens both. In the morning stew ions in the Br.tish Empire, Canada a big kettle of apples with sugar en and New Zealand
Lucie
2. The British ough to make a jelly-like juice over Court la known as the Court of St. them, and these are very popular James s because the official residence along with the ham or salt pork, which of the King of England was at St. the men usually prefer to a chicken James’* Palace from the reign of Wil- dinner. Thu pork fried brown and #ir'ycar 1837, in the reign 1 crisp find with plenty of rich milk of Victoria. In that year the Queen gravy is liked along with mashed pota and all the rest of the royal family toes, sliced onions and tomatoes, moved to Buckingham Palace, so far Green corn, in season, is always liked, ns concerns hoard and lodging, mere while cole-slaw or boileo cabbage physical facts. In theory the court! goes well with the pork. x
2 and 5-lb. cartons; 10, 20 and 100-lb. sacks.
PRESERVING LABELS FREE—Send us a red ball trade - mark cut from a
T
nice and level and dry. Would yoir ad Question—H.H.:—I have an eight-1 vise me what would be my best course acre field which I want to sow to oats to take to have good pasture for next in the spring. This piece of land is summer? _	- V
sandy loam and in a fair state of j Answer:—I would not advise the fertility, having been covered with growth of sweet clover for pasturage manure in the last two years. It pro- next spring. I have examined this duced a good crop of corn this year, crop as it grows in the Eastern half I want to get thia field seeded to clov- of this continent and have not been im-er, no clover having been grown on it [ pressed with its usefulness as a pas-
for the last six years. How would ture or hay crop.	^| contain fat soluble substance^M
you advise sowing the clover to in- ; On sandy soils where there is a -—---------	“ these are omitted from the diet, the
mure a catch? Would you Inoculate desire to increase the organic matter	TUI? PARTCPIiU Â TIAhl AP PAAA	j8 retarded in growth, and such
the seed? I have clover Chaff from rapidly, sweet clover can be grown	I Hf 1,1 lliNr.K V A I II IIV I Jr rllillJ	* serious case of malnutrition may
about 25 loads of clover seed. Could and plowed under to good effect.	***	* Wlr	result that the child may die.
this be used to inoculate by spreading If you wish next summer’s pas-	---------------------------- It is for these reasons that to-day
on the field after it is plowed and ture for temporary purposes only,— An Article Dealing With Two Subjects of Vast Importance in the the pressing need is to encourage the
czas:	«*."“*• * T* tss ......
harvested, deeply fall plov. the soil indicate and to sow a mixture of rye	an<* * roblem of Milk Supply.	milk production will depend the abil-
and in the spring apply a ton to a ton and winter wheat this fall. As soon	----------------------------- »	^7 to safeguard the health and nutri- nurjnt. thp v,Mtinn r>.nnrhc hmî.r.
and a half of ground limestone per as the crop has made a fair spring	By Abby L. Marlatt, Specialist in Scientific Home Management.	tion of the people. Not that adequate are Qf so frenuent occurrence that a
acre. Work this in with a careful growth, it wtfl be ready for pasturing The enthusiasm with which the per cent, of the flour ordinarily used nutrition may not be secured with- | few simp|e suggestion* mav relieve disking and harrowing. In sowing a and will continue to give good pas- bread-makers (and bread-winners) of is saved. ' But if the wheat flour em- out the use of milk, but with the high anxiety on the part of the mother mixture of clover and timothy, you turage as long as you prevent the the country are attacking the problem ployed is low in gluten (that tough, Pfices of food to-day, there is no ad- yor a bruise or contusion m coB can profitably use 10 lbs. of clover and grain from coming into head.	of conserving wheat flour 4f shown elastic property of wheat flours) | vice that can be given to the mother sequence of a blow received ..n any
4	lbs. of alsike to the acre; as well as As sodn as the snow begins to go by the appearance of new recipes for then something less than 50 per cent. of a family that is of more importance 0f the soft parts of the body apply a
5	or 6 lbs. of timothy seed. .Make sure off in the spring, I would advise you different types of bread designed to of crumbs must be used. Any wo- than to continue to supply milk for hot fomentation as soon as possible
that you get good vital seed. That is, to sow 10 lbs. per acre of common red save wheat.	man with a taste for experimentation the young child of the family.	after the accident Repeat the fom-
have your seed purchased by early clover seed on the rye and wheat All these recipes fall into general will be willing to try out different pro-	Variety of Milk Dishes	1 cotation at intervals of two or three
•pring. Count out . couple of bun- ground. The alternating th.w. and ; classes determined by what has been portions until she learns just how The fact that the growth stimulants 1 hours as long as the bruise remain, dred seed a. an average sample, frosts will work this seed mto the substituted for wheat or by what much of other products she can use in may be increased through the use of sore an,I painful. During the interval
z"4,	1 r;r:ï EESfr Vlr	SESZS S E^ZEiHrB
EEHTEHE EHFBEEF5 :	ss-steisas r
eÈ**™*!*
, * T 1 / sh/?n any ° uC the hotelkeeper always has to make tables or meats, the mineral matter, less bruised all over, a hot full bath I ygk	VV	•rrv	* '' e °^r ™ay * both ends meet. He knows.	flavor and energy, and in most of the or a hot blanket pack will give more
OJTatxsQ\	rrc:*?;*?5: ’ëâSîSsS.r «SSSraa
,	Improper feeding impairing dig*.- ®ear in mlnd th‘s Principle of sub- thinking of the child, and in any dis- ^ usc of jt should be encounged'about the trunk or body by having a
Too many breeders are so anxious ,km. or too much dry feed will cause ,tit“t,"g some other ingredient for cuss.on of voluntary saving of foods „ an essential part in the prépara- tree fall on him or being run over, the
to get returns that they breed youpg hens to become crop bound, which Is Par* °fJyo"r wheat n™,’ for T"In Ï L?,	’ J	tion of the quick bread, cakes and services of a skilled surgeon should
sows before they are developed. The indicated by loe. of appetite and dis-	the sort of war bread of the child stand first. For, in the 3omf gauc„ Where the amount left be obtained as roon as possible. Hot
result is that the sow never turns out tended crop followed by difficult wh‘ch- £* verl°U8 fon"8- is a ^?Tori‘e a analysis, the future of any nation over lg efficient, it may • used to fomentations may be employed in the to be what .he would have had she breathing.	|*ith th« r*c®P* makers. This is is determined by the care which it to- make cottage cheese. But also save meantime.
attaint ! her growth before farrowing. Give teaspoonful castor oil; knead rown rrnm ' °res”e	L JL	to the child.	the whey from the cottage cheese for Bruises upon the head in conse-
The best crosff to produce pigs for the crop. If this fails to give relief x The Us# of Bread Crumbs	a "**,*;*. *ln no	it should be used in bread making and quence of severe blows or a fall often
baron is one between pure-bred boars an operation could be performed as a V/hen the first cook stove was in its rm8« Mt m,,K ,H the	some types of soups, in order that the (rive rise to serious symptoms on ac-
and sows of the same breed. To speak last resort. “	Z	infancy the use of bread crumbs in of infants and the young child. All ; valuable mineral matter of the milk count of fracture of the skull and
plainly, crossing of breeds Is rather Poultry are naturally of a hardy na- cookery was antique Undoubtedly experiments to-day prove that wo have may not be wasted.	compression of tho brain or from
risky except in the hands of one who ture. It ia mainly on account of some the ancient Romans used them; cer- made no advance ov.*r nature in any	-- *- simple concussion or jarring of the
thoroughly understands breeding, and neglect that they become diseased. A	«very housewife to-day knows att. rnp to substitute other foods for	brain. If a person is unconscious or
much men do not practise it to any ex smooth plumage is noticeable in fowls that bread crumbs have their useful- this essential m the diet of t he child.	partially paralyzed in consequence of
po.aea.lng good health, and the corah	i" deep frying, in ac.Iluped Not that milk 1, an ideal food. It la. :	the Hrok with it, urk rn n afcl(lent which tie h« J i injur-
ees**™*™
pi fgnant sows	^ <n a rat,on •‘singa” and lays—ere birds that < i h,y this after it has begun to mmild. After dit ion of water in which cereals have and you will likely break the back : a process has been discovered by
such can be expect- ; pulverizing, seal the crumbs in jars socked.	snd cause a start in the leaves. Never , means of which potash can be
Into which moisture and spores of Milk and cereals are very satisfac- force the back of the book.	duced	as a by-product of blast fur-
mould cannot penetrate The method tory combinations for the young, as	—- naces and blast-furnace gas
of utilizing the crumbs is practically the milk supplements the mineral de- A windmill In Europe grinds grain The whiskers of the saints extend uniform. The bread sponge is made flciencles of the grains and furnishes Into flour for a baker and then mixes three or four inches out from the In orthodox fashion, with milk or vs- the absolutely essential stimulant for and kneads H into dough.	snout. They are quite ht iff. mod be-
tor, with salt, sugar, and shortening, growth.	Ln	the weave lies the secret of a roroe stiffor with age They
Then the pulverised j As a stimulant to growth, milk, new Turkish towel that Is void to ab plucked separately and exported to be are dIH to form the sponge along with the yolk of egg, stands at sorb water more rapidly than absorb- China, where they are used as tooth-
Some declare that #* Ike heed of the list. Both of these eat cotton.	J picks.
bag or carton and we will send you a book of 51 ready gummed printed labels.
ADDRESS
Atlantic Sugar Refineries, Limited
Power Building, Montreal*
149
If
Health
On the size of the
Bruises
but not soaked
tv
skim milk in the preparation of food may generally be prevented by firm
compression immediately after the in-It is a custom among German
If the
tent


4
,
good health; from ed healthy chirk»
ley and one part of tankage, or three
pounds of skim-milk to
the berleflHBMpiflHPHH
will insure strong, lusty, active new-

breed to another •tick to It like a dog to a root
Get a good one and
You
Although * your choicest young
are
animals fall to win ribbons at the
fairs, the efforts for better stock
Improve your work and k will im-J

into e dough
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
CANADIAN RED CROSS SOCY
t
THE EQUITY.
of the hill
women t*> the franchise, Mr. Myighen Appeal for Christmas Stocking»
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 13.1917.	............. ..........
the following circular, addressed to the secretaries of local branches hy the Canadian Ixed Cross Society :
“ We have received a request from ., P *	4„	,	... ...England to furnish thirty thousand
Minutes of l larendon Council held |Christmas stockings for our men in the nfuiently exacted that tins date tn Hynes Hall, Shawville.
Present :	Mayor K. W. Thomas
Councillors McDowell. Harr and Sin
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, September 19th, 20th, 21st, 1917.
o
O. Y. B. LODOK, No. 804, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at H p. m,
k
Ree.-Secy.
Thanksgiving Day this year hue Wen | Minutes of Clarendon Council fixed for Monday, the first day of October
G. G. MvDowkll W. M.
Renfrew Fair
Shawville, Sept. 4, 191
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each monili.
Kdwari) Dalk W.M.
llKO. HODdINfl,
Seoy,
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on t he lit h of each month
II. N. Hoixiins,
W. Comp. In Com
hospitals oversea*
It is now
the present session of Parliament, will come to an end alumt the middle next week.
hxperieuce has shown that the most ;*opular form of stocking is one made of tarlatan or
...	..	. .strong net in the shape of a boot, con -
Minutes ot 1 ist meeting read and ap taining any small gifts which the donors
proved on motion of Louna. Sinclair llt,sirt. eml<w, a liât of which U ap-
and Me Dowell.	landed. ( llotd 19-in. long with 12-in.
,	, r	1 he Jurors List was then brought f()ot x
ver the demand of General Rornilon | forward and examined
* l»e given supreme command in
Y fair play to exhibitors, courtesy to visitors, push and united effort, Renfrew Fair is now the second largest tTount} I hi in ( >nt it i** ; well as entertaining to all visitors lions this year m
Tiik Child Welfare Exhibit ok Provincial Health Dept. To make up for the wastage of war, the children must be carefullly tended. All fathers and mothers arc vitally interested in this great panorama of object lessons, so are all young people who want to know how to live healthful lives. Shown at Renfrew Fair with the co o;oration of 1 >r. McCullough, IVovincial Health Officer.
The Ontario Government's Free Movin’
Show will also lie one of the features of this Fair.
Thk Splendid Wool, and Ku<. Exit urn s arranged by t lie Dominion Department of Agriculture will U* lure. Every farmer and farmer's wife wlm wants to know bow to make the most dollars out of these lines of industry, for which many parts of the Ottawa Valley are especially adapted, should see —and study—these attractive displays.
An Exhibition ok Plough inc by Tractor has been arranged to take place ou the mornings of 20th and 21st on Mr. M. J. ( > Rrien's farm adjoining the Fair Grounds. Seethe modern way.
Dovbi.k Baloon Ascensions and Triple Parachute Drops on the iUth and 21st by Capt and Madame Farley, the Canadian aerialists who are so reliable.
B
f
lair
and seeks to lie useful as . Among its chief attrav-
Rko. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
Ynother crisis has arisen in Russia
Caretakers Wanted
It is highly desirable that the stock-
ing* l>e as uniform a-possible in ordei 1 na! the Jurors List now examined that die men may receive gifts of ap-hy tlnx ( ounctl lie accepted, < arried.
same memliers
Motion Vomis. Harr and McDowell
t
Tenders will lie received till 6 o’clock, p. lit" Saturday, 16th Sept., 1917, for caretaking of the Schools of the Township of Clarendon for the coming school Duties —sweeping and dusting daily ; scrubbing at least four times and firing as long as necessary.
M. A. McKINLEY,
Asst. StxvTreus.,
School Mu. Clarendon,
Th
both military and civic affairs premier, instead of doing this, however ordered the General to hand his func
t
proximately the same value, and it is especial!) asked that tin- stocking I	, l,|^‘*J:nl‘ ®‘so t ouns. licit Ibxlgrns and should not Ik1 too weighty nor contain
mother-	“* 5 *wtT\Vill.ani Me.	I too valuable gifts.
More serious trouble i> 1 A verbal report of the unsafe condi- It is the desire of the Executive that
ti..n of the bridg»-across the Quyon, Ik-- an these stockings should Ik- ready fur tween b hn llavehn and 1 hos. 1 aimer, shipment by the 1st of October, at the was then made.	Port, as they must be in London by the
Motion f omis. McDowell and Dale jst uf X,>vcml>er in order to ensure dis-I hat Couns. Harr and Htxlgins be tribution More Christmas ippninted to examine said bridge and, The use of woollen knitted sock» instead nf net stockings is not recommended.	I
No cu>c of stockings must exceed 66 pounds in weight, and a list of its contents, especially those of a dutiable nature, must be placed oil the outside of the case.	I
It is absolutely necessary that notifi-1 cation should tie made of all dutiable articles. The amount of these placed in | the stockings should be weighed, and the total amount in each case should lie noted on the outside of the case. If this regulation is not complied with it gives much trouble and delay overseas.
It is suggested that each stocking ! might contain one gift out of each ot the following classes :
.	I—Pocket mirror — cheap style ; |mck-
l nuns. Sinclair ami llod et txuicil, pocket knife, piiie or match gins—That the following bills Ik* paid : j ;	¦ A
Henry McDowell, N. C\, 1 sheep, £12 00 H. B. Armstrong, lamb,
Benj. Hynes, 1 sheep,
Herb Strutt, work,
Stephen Davis, lumber,
R. 0. Hodgins, 14 Harold Elliott, tile,
Bert. W. Hodgins, gravelling C. road,
K. T. Hodgins, Valuation Boll and Jurors' List,
Tims. Palmer’s bill, balance,
Massey Sawyer bill.—Carried.
Motion to adjourn—Conns. Hodgins and Dale -To meet at call of Secretary.
—Carried.
Yfternoon session
lions over t likely to d< almost certain to result
year
Picture
Hie United States Government has lust uncovered a scandal which very
tvriously comvmn.iae* the Government, jf fm,n<i liews<Ary_ n.|wir „r ,
*'• Sweden. It is in effect that the ] the rebuilding of same on better found German char
has Den making u<v of the Swedish embassy, in that country to send infor-
Shawville, July 17, 1917
t
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
le affaires in Argentine j at ion, near the present site. ( a tried.
Mot i in l'ouns. Ban and Sinclair
That the Strict ary notify Henderson W.
,	,	. Harris t" remove the gate off the 13th
mation tit tough » uiekholiu to lus ( mv concession line road opposite lot 2, lh.*-
vrnment in Berlin, regarding the dates fore Sept. 19th.—Carried.
ou which Argentine ships sailed for |	Motion—Conus Hodgins and Harr—
That Mayor Thomas I Coun. Sinclair
he ap;minted to secure a gravel pit as near as ; possible to the east end of the P. 1>. Fort road.—Carried.
Motion Conus. McDowell ami Hodgins That James Belabor U* instructed to open Clarendon’s share of town line, south of the 10th concession of Bristol, as soon as possible (as far as about £.*ti> will open it). Carried.
¦¦¦¦¦
Austin
Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thun. Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn - Last Monday,
of each month.
First Tuesday,
Efforts are also lieing made to have a Military Air-plank tly from the grounds of Renfrew Fair this year. It is difficult to get this attraction ; but the Renfrew Fair is having the assistance of Hon. T. W. MeOarry, and while no definite promise can be made at this time the directors are ho|>eful that it may yet lie accomplished.
A Fink Midway the Pick of vi.l. Renfrew Fair now has such a reputation that it can command the services of the best. This year it has had the choice of three Midways from the most successful managers. It has picket 1 what experience has shown to Ik.* the most satisfactory. It will he lively, jolly, and yet not run by “ sharks
An Interesting Collection of War Curiosities is being arranged.
Sports for Pupils of Rural Schools on Friday morn-
Furopean waters, thus enabling submarine commanders to be forewarned of
their approach. The Swedish people are not believed to have any knowledge of this glaring piece of Hun trickery, and if that Ik* true they will likely take the Government severely to task foi its gross breach of neutrality.
1
M»X
Calgary Liberals Support
Premier.
Calgary Liberals have pledged support to Sir Koliert Borden's efforts to bring about a Union Government. They have sent the Premier the following message :
“The undersigned Liberals of Calgary wish to convey to you their hearty approval of your present attitude in re sjiect to the formation of a national imn-partisan Government and to assure you that the unselfish efforts which you are now making on behalf of the country, will have the support of many of the independent Liberals of Allierta."
The message was signed by J. G. Rutherford, ex-M. P., B. Ginsberg, E. A.
1 >unbar, \\. Kent Power, J. >1. Carson, A. L. Smith, A. IX Campbell and Geo. H. Allen.
In reply Sir Robert telegraphed :
“ I am deeply touched by your kind j telegram and send my warmest thanks. | You may la* assured that no effort will ; if spared on my part to form a Union Government based on the supjiort of all loyal men of good will."
2 Writing pad and envelopes, fancy post cards.
3—	('igarettes, tolwcco.
4—	Candies, chewing gum, maple su-
Handkervhivfs, necktie, socks.
6—( *ame. Dnik, puzzle, mouth organ.
|7—Toilet requisites, such as soap, 1 - "" toilet poivder, tooth juste, pin cushion.
s i'.i' k ' •? raisins, dal oi tig-, nuts.
The total cost of each stocking should not on any account exceed £2.00.
Do not put in sticky candy or flimsy packets of insect powder, or matches.
The Society reserves to itself the tight of disjHising of any additional stockings at its own discretion among hospital patients and jnrsonne).
d i
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
10 00
3	50
4	60
mg. 21st
—FOR —
gar
Brass ani> Pipe Bands will furnish tiiusU
Shawville and District
?3
Baseball Matches -Renfrew vs. Barry’s Bay.
North Renfrew vs. South Renfrew
Fine Dining Hall Service. The line new Machinery Hall having been fitted up as dining room for the soldiers who were quartered here will this year If used for dining hall pur|K>ses at the Fair. Splendid service. Meals :	Adults
50c. Children 35c.
Brilliant and Lively Night Shows. The Grounds and Hall and Midway will all be open and brilliantly illuminated. Other attractions at night are being arranged.
64,000 offered in prizes for Live Stock, Agricultural, Horticultural and Industrial Production.
Fare-ami a-third on all Railways within the 2"»0 mile limit.
Special train leaves Mississippi on the K. & P. branch of the C. P. R. at 7.45 n. in. on Thursday, September 2<>th Returning, leaves Renfrew at 11.15 p. in.	"
Send for Prize List or any other particulars to
96 12
TO SELL EOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1919. including ninny new varieties which we alone control.
16 00 3 00
Send for new illustrated catalogue • also agent * proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
K. T. Hodgins,
Sec.-Treaa
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 18371
Toronto
Ontario.
BRAZIL AND THF WAR
DUNRAVEN
j»
c A N ADI AN PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
' Seft. fi-Everyone U looking forward I	Sou"' American < ountry Can
to School	Campbells Bay
Sat in «lav. Am there are some people in|__________
lity who have not been WingT^tate is at war with another or not,
11, it may do them good t<> take the but Brazil is neither in nor out of the I'ttl. Miltin'*'	war with Germany. One of her ves-
' Tl, ch^uiu,	.el, l,W Su,„hy
.oxm tin <m , upuit> * î tin luhUr	ships in her harbor». They are being
. -	hurried into condition for use In com-	__
Mr. Ed. t reighton m home was viMted oierce in defiance of Germany’s sub- tgrn oeiore taxen over from the ùe enforcement of the embargo by the 14 big bird on Sept. 1st.	Uea campaign, but Brazil has not de- Germans, but they are undergoing >olicy easier. Every country which I To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Al-
lt is very «lull around the Corner dared war. Another sinking of a repairs and are to be run by the ixports raw material and which /oins ber ta and British Columbia, May The new fnmclii.se bill t«> be known now. 1 wonder why t Oh, yes ! 1 Brazilian vessel might bring the mat- Lloyd Brasileiro—which Is, by the he Allies in their war against the to October, 1917.
¦¦ »¦..Th,» EiL-i.ni..Ai-t," in- îxtsfrÆ."“•>'“»«“«*	LgricSsnsi
feSSSH E~™-s: BBH-raF s-"' -
«•f much important t, ami oiu that is •411 1	1	11	1 ( ,	111	ilii!!?.1. her ships.	The Government plans a control of	For further particulars apply to
likely to meet with strong opposition ** 1 l* n .	.’r '*	JU h l ' " At any rate, things are being put ill shipping and the maintenance of	Sponges.	C. A L TUCKER
f™ »&rs %	KKtzt	.::?i
lowers in the Mouse.	funeral was held at \ aucouver on Sept,	the Initiative of	either country. Con-	will be made to relieve the distress	-specially is	this	the case	with	the
According to the bill and the Soldiers’ 1st. We extend our deepest sympathy	fress already	has preparedness	paused by the withdraw al of ships	lorny or aighest	form of sponges.
Vote hill rnsW i short time am> those lo the bereaved friends.	I measures before It and private organ- prom the coasting trade by establish.	¦¦	.	,	„ (Editor’s Note.—Our corrvsi>«mdvnt izations are outfitting companies for ing sailings between home ports
who will be allowed to >ote at the next <4tningv)y omitted giving the name of	h ar service- Neither in army nor	But the second way in which
federal election, are as follows :	tjie deceased ihtmoii referred to)	navy i3 Brazil a	formidable antagon-	Brazil may help the Allies may be as
ESSHHraE ES3S
sem<*e, those of alien enem> origin who XX liât " tin niattti with tin put) that 3Vauable In organised men of fight- enforcement of the international	Csech Saved Komiloff.	,
have become naturalized citizens within was to come off up the road, old chap- bng age, is reported as 4,301.643. embargo. Of course, there is not It is not generally known that at	The sole head of a family, or any male
fifteen years, and those of alien mother pie ?	Normally this is a force four times	how any direct trade from Brazil to	)De time jQ t^e present war Lieuten-	pver 18 years old, who was at the com-
V»ngue, although horn in other conn- The R. C*. School re-oi>ened Tuesday	| that of Argentina and, therefore, the	bermany and Austria-Hungary. Ger-	mt-General L G. Komiloff whose	inencement of the present war, and has
tries and naturalized less than fifteen with a nice little teaclter. Boys, get greatest of any South American nany was steadily growing as a mar- rictories in Galicia have so aston- since continued to be, a British subject years ago.	your flashlights busy !	I power. I nder the reorganization put tel for Brazil s products before the shed the world, was an Austrian or a subject of an allied or neutral coun-
æp mm ms mm
All nurses and other women officially We are glad to see Miss \ lolvt ( > Hare true that numbers measure strength, pent neutrals has now largely stop-	commanding the rear guard* residence upon and cultivation of land
connected with the forces overseas.	back again. We miss her very much That she would loyally work with her bed. The Swedish purchases from was captured by the Austrians and* I in each of thn
There was a crowded House when Mr. when she goes away from home.	Allies we assume, but her financial	Brazil, for example, chiefly coffee,	merned In Bohemia. In the summer
Meighen rose to explain the provisions Mise t amplwll visited her home m	weakneaa, her lack of trained sol-	jrhich normally totall«»d a l.ttle o\.i	,( mis he managed to escape with	I secure an adjoining quarter section as
mmm mm «MSf inn mmm
Sir Wilfrid laurier—be set forth the Mr. Gordon McLaughlin is iniased i forevg now In battle array around )llee for Germany are now being )y niKbi j.u. ’	‘y ,	< A f (Ain preemption patent as soon as
amis of the Government. M Waiter- v^ry much since his dej>arture for Ot- Europe, also, the Brazilian strength	!ihut off. Permits to Import are sup-	were Burorised bv	gendarmes	homestead patent on certain conditions,
vice should be the basis of war fran* tawa on Monday.	bn sea is Insignificant. She is credited	irvlsed by the Oversea Trust, and	p^e general got away	and finally	^ settler after obtaining homestead
chise,’* lie laid down as the basic prin- T(>r other up	to	date hapiH>nings	with two dreadnoughts, two coast de-	i	he new embargo w ill	reduce the	cached Russia, where he command-	latent, if he cannot secure a pre emp-
i i pie, and those exempt from war ser around the burg ask	1 N< LE Mix.	Vnse ships, and 42 smaller craft.	' eakage» •till further.	...	>d the Petrograd garrison during the	tkm, may take a purchased homestead
vice should not he in a |iosition to exer-	- EZ	*?* moïe	,e,2lâÎÎÎJl	1	-evolution. Mrnak was hit and cap- | in certain districts. Price $3.00 per
% f iscr* sssz^ Æ;!ï*i.ïr	ir.	£t^-“R=s»*vs
rhereforc coiwcientioUH ¦ .l.jector, and Mi*« LtU Oatrom W the gue.t of her ,ubm«rine base might be e.t.bli.hed iure. thU would affect adversely her ,, had 5.-. Ih. rierh	««• \hou*?	MOO.OO.
th-ee ntuena -.f alien enemy origin who wrier, Mr*. D. Stitt, Fort loulonge.	1er	eboree, from which serious lo-	! offee market, -already seriously -ur-	-ntion to enter s .Min»i2r i. thl	«tedder, of entries must count time ol
mly been naturalized during the Mr. James ()*trom and cousins, Mifwe* | erference could be offered to east	ailed. The only countries which	.ankl 0# the r h KI	^ l.oe	employment as farm labourers in Cam-
last fifteen yean* will not have the pri- M. and B Lett, visited friends at Roo -oast trade.	ontinue to buy witt their former	t ,	« , !	> ' crown rata during 1017, as residence duties un-
vilege of voting in the war elections. ney'\ recently.	But this does not mean that Bra	reedom, in fact, are	the United	wo divisions i ,t him name	der certain conditions.
Those also who, born in other countries. The corn Acids	have	been speedily	* entry into the war would be	Bates and Canada. Hut there are	1D(| jjjg heroic deed should not be	When Dominion Lands are adver-
Iieak as their mother tongue, an alien cleared of raccoons since the arrival «d / (bout significance. She would af | jZMltliiillif	. . . >li 1 • ’orgotten, the commander of the brl- tised or imated for entry, returned sol
—.........—..................................Enssias mmm g
Wle ^ 9** fmrthflr ordered that at Discharge papers must be presented to
Agent
Assist Allies
It is usually easy to tell whether a
XV. E. SMALLFIELD,
Svc.-Treas
T. F. BARNET, President
US vieil
wt
Homeseekers*
Excursions
Eh
)
ng
The New Dominion Franchise
Act.
Tlit* French Population.
According to the census of 1911, h.5I per cent, of the entire popula-ou ut Canada was of French origin.
Synopsis of Canadian Month West Land Regulations
on
ample of the fact that it Is not always
The Indirect trade through adja
mmmm ree years.
In certain districts a homesteader may
Die*
I,
I V
enemy ¦ :
Women for the first time in federal disappeared so suddenly Tuesday night, elections will be given the right to vote, been discovered f If in doubt, ask but the extension of the franchise to " Leave It There
women will only be partial Only the Miss E. Campbell has been a guest at relatives of the soldiers overseas will be Mr T. O'Hare's daring the past week, allowed to vote, their wives or widows, Mr. Eddie Creighton is wearing a their mothers, daughters and sisters, broad smile.—Its a girl This, judging from the applause, proved
Ud the Allies____
action in seizing the 43 Interned Ger
ibly, due to war Cemands
nan vessels adds about 321,000 tons [s, in fact, I* a better position to-
some 920.000
)0V, to the merchant marine forces I started hat are fighting the submarine The assurance that those products blockade. These vessels were dam sill not pass to the Central Powers ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	leftth the consent ot Brazil win
lay than at any time since the war
*e called the sergeant of the first •quad should answer: "Shot by Hun-tsrtan court-martial in Pressbnrg •or saving General Korniloff.*
W. W. CORY, j ut y Minister of the Interior. Unauthorised publication of
Da
N B -
this advertisement will not be paid for
!
Foe Grr It
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
TAILORING
Ladies’ Apparel
A Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Interests.
Ludendorff, the German,
Is a Man of Mystery,
Who Puzzles the World
ft Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
We have always in stock a
a good assortment for you to make choice of your suit from
StJ ihtoRiPTioN, #1 a Year in Advance
gw All arrears must he paid up before any paper is discontinued.

Summer Wash Skirts
AH correspondents In Germany have lately discovered a new superman In the person of Ludendorff, chief of staff to von Hlndenburg and rated by the awestricken ones about him as that general’s guiding force and intellectual superior solitary, morose, he Is a figure little known but greatly feared. Those “in the know" credit blm with Hlnden-
w
o
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal advertising, lOcenls per line for 1st insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In structtons accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-'I {shed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Summer Wash Skirts in good weight of white This season’s styles with large pockets.
St.23, to clear at $1.00
We have also In stock
Aq up-to-date line of Fall Overcoats
in dark, gray and black.
repp.
Silent,
<z -
Middies
burg's victories. But be is more than soldier. He is, so report has it, a great diplomat and a civil administrator. He brought order to Poland and Galicia with Gei man occupation of those territories. He fixed railroad rates, established customs, regulated the American relief operations, and so employed the iron heel upon American correspondents that they now speak of him with aw*.
In brief, he is the strong and silent man of mystery which every war is certain to produce.
We note in a somewhat superlatively adulatory article on Luden-dorff in The Atlantic Monthly, by H.
L. Mencken, certain statements which may perhaps throw a needed side light upon history.
The battle of Tannenberg, or of the Masurian Lakes, as it is sometimes called, was fought early In the war and w as the first German victory.
In it two Russian armies under Generals Samosonoff and Itennenkampp, aggregating 600,000 men, were routed by von Hlndenburg with about 200,000 men, of whom at least 60 per cent, were men of the reserve class. The Russians were cut to pieces, drowned by the tens of thousands in the lakes, and quagmires of which Hlndenburg was supposed to have an uncanny knowledge, 140,000 were captured, the rest driven back into Russia. Germany went mad with adulation of her victorious general, erected a colossal wooden statue of him, and the populace paid liberally for the privilege of driving nails Into it to show their regard and affection for the hero.
Of late, since confronted by the French and British in the west, von Hlndenburg has done little but retreat. Perhaps for that reason it came to be whispered that Ludendorff really won the sanguinary battle of Tannenberg. Mr. Mencken describes the efforts made by correspondents to run this rumor down:
“How? By what process? By what strategy? Ask these questions in Germany And you will ask in vain.
The whole business already belongs ! jenness or tne snock upon ttie at- I to fable. Ever>*ody has a different mosphere.	explanation, a different theory. The
I propose to employ a principle I thing was so swift and so colossal I dmllar to that of the silencer for ! that no one seems to have kept any | dissipating the energy of the explo- I coherent record of It. I searched in, sive blast of a torepdo against and : vain in Berlin for a clear account; I Into the bull of a ship. In addition got very little more light from offl-to this, the gases of the explosive cers who were present. Four months blast are made to take up, spray, and after the battle James O’Donnel Ben-UDSON MAXIM asserts that mix with a sufficient quantity of nett, the correspondent of the Chi- THE OLDEST AND BEST
water, instantly to reduce their tern- cago Tribune, went to East Prussia perature and volume about tenfold. ' to go over the field and unearth the i “When a mass of high explosive, facts. He told me later that he had not of heavy armor, but of uke the contents of a torpedo war- 1 to give up the enterprise as lmpos-a combination of metallic rods and head, is exploded against a ship's hul1 ' ilble. The staff officers of Hinden-
at the usual depth of, say, from nine I burg actually differed as to the days | to eighteen feet below the water-line, on, which the action had been fought! the mass of water surrounding the ! More, I find an error of the same sort velocity of the high-pressure gases explosives serves to tamp it, that Is | in the official biography of Luden- breckenridge
from the torpedo, which are the de-
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
Girl’s and Misses’ Middies in plain-white, or with wide pink or blue stripes from 10 years up to size 38.
To clear at 20 p. c. discount.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Batiste Muslin
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Professional Cards.
Three pieces of Batiste Muslin, white background with pink and gold flowers, or pink flowers with small black stripe. Peg. 15c. per yd. to clear at lie.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bay - - Qvk.
• Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Children’s Sox
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Sizes 4 to 5& Per Pair 25c.
In colors of pink, tan, sky
S. A. MACKAY
When you require Printing
call at
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
SCHOOL BOOKS
THE EQUITY OFFICE
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
All ready for School Opening, with Scribblers, Pens, Pencils, Ink, Erasers, Rubbers.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, 4c.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
in
G. F. HOGGINS GO. LTD.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
Pontiac's Only Newspaper.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, *C
Hudson Maxim Has Plan By Which to Make Ships Proof Against Torpedoes
Office And Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iW Visits Shawville every Saturday
INSURANCE
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real entate and resident householders of this Municipality that the Valuation Roll, made by order of the School Commissioners of the Municipality, is dejfosited in my office, where , I it may be examined by the interested parties during thirty days from this notice, during which time any ratepayer interested may, in writing, complain of such Roll which shall be taken into consideration and homologated at a meeting of the School Commissioners to be held on Saturday 15th September, at o>b* o’clock, i'. n,
Omit shawville,
August, 1917,
H. At HçWXlé&Jj
Asst. feec. Treâs
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AT T11E LOWEST RATES IN
A > vooati, Barrister, ac
H
196 Main St. - Hull.
he can make ships torpedo-proof by protective walls,
COMPAN IES.
No charge for Policy Fee
Cal Tor write for Rates and Particulars.
E. FAR IS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
cylinders filled with water. The rods are to Impede and slow down the
to say, it serves as an anvil to resist j iorff, read and approved by him. The the blast In all other directions except \ author, Dr. Otto Krack, says that the toward the Interior of the-ship; and victory was reported on August 28. as the ship's hull is the line of least But a copy of the Berliner Tageblatt to coot them, contract them, and re- resistance, the great mass of gases that lies before me shows that it was duce their pressure. Thus it will be under high temperature and pressure 1 really reported on the following possible, Mr. Maxim believes, that a passes into and through the hull fit lay "
II	m — mm	on	I torpedo should explode In direct con- the ship with such destructive vio- Much mystery indeed. But is it
UEVLIN vT. IflARlE of uUCLQS tact with a ship’s hull without in,- lence as to cause the immediate sink- not possible that the news gatherers
dieting serious damage upon her. He ing of a large vessel of ordinary con- j went to the wrong place? Should communicates the details of his struction. . . . If we can sue- | they not rather have gone to Petro-device to The Scientific Amerl- :eed, b* means of water, in abstract- grad, to the heads of the revolution-can, remarking somewhat dryly Ing the excess heat of the gases of ; iry committee, who discovered that Will attend Courts and Business in the that as the Germans are in no the explosive blast of a German tor- German bribes and German corrup-
Dlstrict of Pontiac. ~	present need of protection devices pedo as they enter the ship's hull, we tion Induced generals in the Russian
against torpedoes, this publication shall decrease their « olume from 40,- Army, tainted like the Czar and all can not be considered as giving “aid 000 cubic feet to 4,000 cubic feet, bis entourage with German sympa-and comfort” to the enemy. Mr. Not only this, but also if we can sue- thles, to betray their men, to aban-Maxim remarks that the principle of :eed in making the gases do work | ion them to , defeat and wholesale his device is none other than that of , upon, certain obstructions placed In slaughter? The defeat of Tannen-the celebrated “silencer’* that bears their path, they will be cooled just In berg, upon which the Germans are ALL kinds OF	the name of another member of his proportion to the amount of work îrectlne idols, was one of the rearing. Division and Subdivision of family. He writes:	that they thus do. . . .	.	| sons why the Russians pulled down
Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of “When a gun provided with a "A strong, steel wire or round the Czar and the Grand Dukes.
Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.	Maxim silencer is fired, the silencer rod, drawn taut and interposed in the 1 It Is notable that von Hlndenburg
Executed carefully to the eatlefac- *cti to dissipate and absorb the Path of the blast of a high explosive, has won no victory since he con
tion of nanties	offers very great powers of resist- I fronted the French and British.
j ance, and it la very difficult to break such a wire or rod by the explosive blast. Consequently, if a screen composed of strong, steel wires or rods be placed in the wall of a ship's hull in such position that it will receive the Initial impact of the gases, it will Place work upon the gases, and, by wire drawing and Impeding them, dissipate a portion of their beat or energy and slow their velocity.**
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE. «tractive agent of It* exploelon, while
the water, shattered into spray, is
FOR SALE
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed eiesday and Shawville every Saturday.
1 year old Shropshire Ram ; also some rain lambs.
1 Durham bull calf.
this 15th day of
Apply to
JOS. BROWNLEE,
It. ft, No, 2. Shawville
11-1
, ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST , HULL
FARM FOR SALE.
Good dairy farm, i>art of Lots 4 and j»per?s fi-hers, or tree- I 5, first Concession of Bristol, containing kind are hereby notified | 300 acres—100 valuable bush.
Will sell l'O acres of abox- property. For particulars apply to
G. T. DRUMMOND,
Bristol, Que.
TRESPASS NOTICE
Hunters, tra passers of any to take warning that they are strictly forbidden to trespiss in any manner whatsoever on the following lots, situated in the township of Calumet Inland, namely ;
Range 5—Lot 20.
Range 8—Lots 9, 10, 12, 13, 14, &-1T, I** 30, 31, 32.
Range 9—Lots 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. 15, 10, 17, 18, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25.
Range North—Lota, 25 and 20.
All persons found disregarding this warning will be dealt with as the law directs.
GEORGE E. MOREMCY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
THE MARKETS.
tiurve
SHAWV11LE
Flour nerbarrel $13.50 Wheat, pei bushel, $1.75 to 2.00 Oat#, per bushel, 60c.
Bean# per bushel, $7.00.
Butter tub#, print#and roll# 34c Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Eggs per dozen 38c,
Wool, washed, 75c.; unwashed. 55c Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hide# each 6.00 Calfsklnseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
%
162 Wellington St. - - Hull.
Phone ï Queen 5230.
A Unique Bandsman.
During the last winter Percy Grainger, pianist and composer, brillant, unusual, and of Interesting personality, was giving concerts for $1,000 an afternoon. He was considered the finest pianist yet produced n a British Overseas Dominion. Now he Is playing in a band In the United States army for $30 a month. But ae is perfectly delighted to play the He likes	he
No sugar for homemade Jam is a I * regret In the world for the leonine situation the women of England are mane which he wore as a concert facing, according to Information re- pianist, but which had to be sacri-:eived at the office of Herbert Heed for military band purposes. Mr. Hoover. The royal committee on 1 Grainger, who Is an Australian by lugat supply had hoped to complete birth, came to this continent In 1916. arrangements to take care of those In between regular band work he who desired to purchase fruits for (Ives concerts for the benefit of the domestic Jam making, but has been Red Cross, and his playing is so compelled to announce that the sink- much admired that every concert Ing of sugar cargoes and the over- brings the organisation several thou-whelmlng necessity for economising «and dollars for relief work among tonnage has rendered It imp«»^ible be soldiers. Mr. Grainger began to
concert the age of reven-He was successful In many of be great cities of Europe, and not »nly Is his playing regarded with the «'«nest admiration but his com poêlions are thought to possess extra-
Jame# Omtrom, Jambs Lett#, Jame* Carswell
GEORGE HYNES
Dunraven, Sept. 1, 1917
Embalmor and Funeral Director
<•< Main Street,Shawville.
P jronal ittention.Openall hours.

No Canadian Toe Party.
| Sir J. D. Rees made the suggestion . in the British House of Commons i recently that as Australia bad prohibited the importation of teas from China and Java, in order to help the Indian and Ceylon growers, who are it present to a large extent deprived )f the home market, the Colonial Secretary might suggest to the Government of Canada the propriety of taking similar action in view of the fact that the Dominion Is now I porting quantities o' Java leaf.
Mr Steel Maitland, Under Secretary for the Colonies, replied:	6
lo not think that representations x>uld usefully be made to the Canadian Government, and If the facta ire as stated In the question the Canadian Government will doubtless duly consider the matter.”
He added that during the year
Jam!
UnKlaml.
The follow Ing a re la *t Saturdays quot atlone :
Batter, In prints 40c to 42c Butter In pails 35 to 40c Eggs, fresh, ner dozen 45 to 50c Potatoes per bag. $2.00 Pork per 100 lb# $20.00 to 24.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $11.00 to $13.00 Oats per bushel 65c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.00
UNDERTAKING
a»d EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLI
f
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
1 calls will receive prompt i>er sonal attention
«
to take care of the woman’s Jam.
r
Gold Prod action.
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
The world's gold production In the last quarter of a century equals that
of the preceding 400 years and the	, .	.	.	. .	„
ilWeroutput .loc. 1171 equals thet of I irdm.ry Inter..! and originality, glib. pwtdlng «00 years. Bet. where- bough not nil mu.ical crttlc com m the gold money ol the world hen -end them. He mew, to giro all hie doubled In the lint *0 years, the all- oncerto from this time forth for the
r	benefit of the Red t.ross usd regarde
ils soldier salary as altogether com u^nsurute with hie needs.
»d*4 Sl.t March let. which waa the	No
4^iiJÎ*^0^k^0ri	statistics are A good dwelling heeee. stable, i
traitable, the Imports of Java tea end well. Very centrally located. For ato Canada did net exceed one per , particulars spnIt to mat of the total Imports of tea,	L B. M<CUaig.
m all countries. Ask for I . __
Toll'd ADVISBR,which w1U be sent free.
MARION & MARION. T. W University
r INV
HLTWON MAXIM
energy of the escaping gases, there- half la the by lessening the Intensity and aud-


NlM
Montréal.
###PAGE###6###
f
STORIES FROM THE FIRING LINE
PUSSY AND THE BIRDS

7
l* V %

*

What Shall We Do in Defence of Our
Feathered Friend*T

*
If
mi

It is asserted on good authority that the average vat kills fifty birds per annum. The cat has indeed become a very serious economic menace by reason of its activities as a wholesale
H.ndr Thine, far tlw Mortorist	ÎE |£S	"<K Z
Occasionally a bucket for carrying , kj a turn of the rope around ; direct way cats operate to diminish Water is a much-needed convenience, . lul|) 0f the mired wheel the other oor production of toodutun* by hunes the man who searches tin- territory ^ fastened around the wheel by means dreds of millions of dollars v th an around his car for a tin can or other receptacle has found. One that is. ^pp|y power
readily carried is made of heavy wa- wheel „iakcs a terproof canvas, with metal frame dually puu8 the members rust-proofed. Its capacity ^ enj the rope.
is over a gallon «	a compressed-air start w to be	_ ,	,	.	.	., .
In shape its top is rectangular, with	t d the front 0f the Ford in hundreds of ,thousands of cats that,
", ' ,	„„r „mi ,hp large numbers for the fur market,
Folded the bucket is one-half inch	’n.tomntkully maintained	pelts fetching from fifty cents
ing the bucket consists merely of a there has been invented a d, k of col- < ' ^ 'JJ is presumably of African
be ottacnea 10	. . u wag Arst domesticated in
K >t"

M . 1
-le AU

L'i
STIRRING TALES OF HEROISM
AND SACRIFICE.

T *
x

K

84
y

ÎU-

Ù
Modest and# Retiring Arc Our Brave Men and Not Prone to Speak ^	of Their Adventures.
m

v'
en

:• t
\

a
nually.
Pet pussies are chronic ami incur

of the manila sling
111
m
ijS
m
Modest In the hero of the .atcl raid, trench attack or of the ambulance, and details of their adventure# must be almost literally squeezed out of them. Stories get out, sometimes told to their fcupertor officers, sometimes lived over again perhaps In a re min Is-cent way months after. One of Uie most pathetic and admirable comrade ships of the British “Tommy” was recounted by a Canadian officer In medical service In a letter written home "Î had been ordered forward
the motion of the.	.	, ... ,
winch of the hut. that able bird hunters. They kill for mere
toward the fix- | M'ort. Fledglings in the nest are
their helpless and accustomed prey. But in the rural districts there are
<

t
\
var
t
t
A
I


1
fl
I

I

#.

fill from a shallow stream

>

I
H



11
he
I
%
*
and high explosives were
riles
breaking all around, but this did not prevent us from forcing our way past what had been the first line German
5rwf
.
! î' j MU
m
I&

»5a :
¦	¦ ored glass that	lorlffin
s—HljiSlsfife =113=
per cent, grade yet wh.ch can be roll- chanism. gas and spark controls	fly that owned it shaved their eye-
cd UP under the sent out of the way A portable vulvamzer for automo- ^ „nd thr saorC(1 linimB, wa, em.
unt.1 .t is needed.	bile Urea gets its heat from a burner	^ buried with ceremony. In
The outfit weighs complete but four filled with asbestos, which is autur- j the Temple of Hulmstis, the “fairest in and one-half pounds. It is twenty- ater with gasoline or alcohol.	a„ Egvpte“ the sacred cats were clad
five feet long, made of steel wire j To save weight a new English auto- ^	robes, and their necks and
twisted into a strand a half inch in mobile has mud guards like a bicycle we*re hung with jewels and gold-diameter. At each end is a patent- and single steps instead of running ^ ornaments. Great cat cemeteries
ed snaffle hook, which fastens into a boards.	in that neighborhood have been dug
maniln sling after the latter has been So that automobile tourists can cat- within recent years, secured around the axle of the car. ry additional baggage an Englishman Thpre ig nothing s0 cruel as reli-Another useful feature claimed for has invented a trailer to be att.ie n ^jous supvrstitjon, and it is hardly the device is that a car may be made to the rear corners ot a car am e surprjsjng to learn that in those days
to pull itself out of a mud hole. One supported by a single wheo._ 'cats were publicly burned in Lent.
In England they were roasted alive in brick ovens, as a form of pious celebration. In Metz they were sacrificed A Movement in Britain of Far-Reach- by hundreds in bonfires, and in Flanders they were hurled from high towers—a custom that survived in Y pres
ment grew out ot the national servie ^ow tfoe cat is coming into its own awakening. The merciless sinking o agajn %% js no longer worshipped,
food ships brought England bang up |)ut ^ rivals the dog in the affection “One of our men went out to attack
against the alternative that she m ist j kegtowe(j upon it—though it is in- an enemy airdrome," writes a war cor-, ^	Justice, loose yuui	baru age.
cultivate more ground or face inter- capa^e 0f entertaining real affection respondent. “He found the machine	? 1 .now*
mittent crises so long as	the	L-boats	for ftny human being. We have cat just about to rise, so he dived and his B,£d 11 close	about his eyes,
ravaged the seas.	clubs, cat magazines, cat homes and fire wrecked it. He then circled	<ound	hls	row*
One of the finit things that the new	cat Hbows. Not long ago. in Berlin, a round and continued to shatter the	.
Food Pirn-tor did waste issue the	„ewspeper printed the following wreckage. He made a tour of the Lest brutality should scorch hup
following dramatic appeal :	-ad.”	. airdrome, firing into the sheds from S°°n	. . .
.	“To 8,1 plowmen and workers on -Wanted, by a lady of rank, for the level roof. He went away and 0 rutalty thut 8lckena
One of th cm list	heroic deeds pu	the lan£:	adequate remuneration, a few well- j found a German battery in action. He	young eye.
on record m the Canadian corps since	<«I„ the tronche». German shell,	|)t.have(, and respectably dressed chil- stopped and fired along the line of
the war began i= that of a runner of	come over on Sunday as on week-	(jren> to amuse a cat in delicate health, guns, silencing the lot. Then he sat
Colonel Ormonder s Alberta battalion, days!	! two or three hours every day.” j on the battery five minutes, lest they
The company tc which he was attach- -German submarines are just as ac-	-»  ! should recommence firing. He used
ed was hotly engaged near the chalk- tive on Sundays as on any other day! ; APPLAUD HEROIC TEACHER.	remainder of his ammunition on
pits, and he was given a message to “The enemy takes NO HOLIDAi S. i	- y j , enemy trenches
take back to the battalion headquar- He uses every hour to destroy your	Who Conducted School in Bombard- “Another airman took the first
Cwzzzrzr	£?xk & t-	%	jsl sa * tzat ^ *«* ^
with a duplicate of the message. The work now may make just the differ- teach her young charges in a cellar	had the luck to	find Enlarge body or
second messenger was killed midway cnee between winning the war and los- during the bombardment of the city,	f vps .	* *.	.... jjt h j
M tl, s„„„s,.„, „
talion headquarters	with his left arm	work means poor crops.	warmly applauded recently by her fel- •	iinltnnwn Dleeinle See*	* vinion
blown off near the shoulder. His | So deeply was the country stirred low teachers at a congress in Pans of	Silenced Batteries	ununown Ulecipie sees • vwob. ,a early morning just before the
terrible wound had been roughly over the farm situation that clergy- friendly societies connected with the | Another spent some time in alti- “It was in the house of Simon that da|. ,)rltlHh bombardment would be-dressed in the field, and the mes- men not only preached the gospel of scholastic profession. A moving re- ; tU(|es of from fifty to 100 feet and I first saw Jesus,” says “An Unknown Canadian soldiers would write In senger, far spent from loss of blood, Sunday plowing from the pulpit, but ference was made to the large number fountJ three enemy machines getting Disciple,” who relates an ancient tale charcoal on a slab of wood “Business had then staggered on to do his duty, went out in the fields on Sunday after- of schoolmasters who “have fallen ready to start from their airdrome, in the Nation.	To day as Usual" and fix lUon the
He was removed in a dying condition, noon and worked with their hands gloriously on the field of honor in de-	so he wrecked	them all. Then he	“It was	not its beauty	that chained	et gQ	üie üermanB would have
but he carried his message to its themselves.	fence of the country*.	found a wagon and horses on the road,	my	eyes, though it was	a	face beauti- sometblng to expect.
In order to speed up things hun- Women workers have readily found He shot both horses. He next visit- ful to look upon. Nor was it the light The	(^riches In France are
dreds of tractors were introduced on employment in France during the war ed the railway station, shot the guard in the eyes, though that rejoiced the sQ arranged ^at dressing or first aid ,	. .	, the farms. The British farmer for, in many departments formerly reserv- duty and finished up by attacking heart. It was the tranquility of the 8t ti are situated at regular Inter-
mm	mm
»ü a*	*
wmwimsrnê mmmmmm
in one hand, he ordered the Germans the open air seems to me a sort of, and pipe	*	on h,m’ 80 he went for that and 8,lenc"	'
to come up. They came, an officer and cheerful solemnity, or semipagan act five men, who were duly turned in of worship. To dabble among dishes
in one’s bedroom may, perhaps, cleanse the body, but the imagination Veal has been barred from the takes no share in such cleansing.*’—R. tables of hotels in the United States. L. Stevenson.
simple motion
Wo knew there were
trenches
wounded about, and as the shell fire Increased, I was hit. When I came to my face was badly torn by flying fragments and I felt as If I had had a bad shave. I crawled Into a shell hole and found two wounded men. They had been there four days with nothing to eat but their emergency rations.
“One of the men was so badly wounded that he could not move, while the other was not seriously hurt. We got them back nil right. 1 asked the man why he didn't try to save himself and he said, pointing to his com rade, T couldn't leave *lm, sir.* will probably get a medal for that
«X
ss


.
Gas School, Where Soldiers Wearing Masks Are Tested.
I SORTVGVESti soldiers waiting their turn at the gas school behind the J British lines In France. The troop* go into the gas house or school wearing their masks to see if they can endure the poisonous gas of some physical disability, the soldier cannot stand the "attack, than fighting is found for him. The masks they are shown wearing In the photo are of a new type only recently Invented. The signs on the,gas school indicate the danger of going In without the mask.
If, because other work
MY LAD
DEEDS OF THE BRITISH AIRMEN
Take his brain and brawn, my Country, For thy need.
Let him fight; and if he must,
Let him bleed.
He
How They Got Even.
The Canadians hate snipers. Secluded perhaps half a mile from the trenches, where they could not be seen, the snipers would pick off the men. The only way th> score could be ! evened up was by retaliation. This
they accomplished in rather a novel j way. The trenches then were only thirty-five yards apart, and a Canadian officer installed a phonograph on the parapet and set It going Soon German heads bobbed up along the line, only to be met with a sharp fire from the Canadians.
During the activity at Ypees In the early part of tfie war that city received such punctual bombardniffent from German artillery that classes of new officers were taken through the ruins dally or weekly to observe the city under fire “Cook’s Tourists were so systematic that It could be determined when and where the next shell would strike. The first shell would be sent at a spot on the rim of Ypres, the next two hundred yards deeper, until all structures in such a line would be demolished. The guns would then be shifted and the adjoining buildings torn to pieces, and so on until the whole city was thoroughly raked.
RIVAL FEATS OF CRUSADERS Take his valiant spirit, God;
It was given
As a free and gracious gift For life leave*.
OF THE OLDEN DAYS
BAC K TO THE LAND.”
HEROISM OF A CANADIAN RUNNER
Perform Miracles of Daring Over Take his broken body, Earth German Lines. Fighting Single-Handed
ing Consequences.
The great “back to the land" move
It is thine.
Sinew, strength and fair young flesh Firm and fine.
WITH ARM BLOWN OFF, CARRIED MESSAGE TO DESTINATION
Russian Private in Same Battalion Captured Six Germans and Their Machine Gun
Ay, be merciful, and blind him In the fight.
Lest red hatred scar and warp him Scar his sight!
They were nicknamed The Germane
*
Let him keep his friendly, human, Kindly soul!
Let him die with genial heart Warm and whole!
Helen Coale Crew

HIS FACE
Greater Love Hath No Man "
destination.
Resourcefulness of a Russian
He
nea
heaven-sent weapon
One large shell

Wooden forks for picnickers that In the base of a new shaving mug »re sealed in sanitary paper envelopes is a lamp to heat the water.	ore a novelty.
ed it”
Avoid wetting the leaves in watering cucumbers.
In order to keep a paint brush clean when it is not in use, a wire clip has been invented which holds the brush out of the paint in a can.
with their machine guns.
A tree has been discovered In Austins at Aden, Arabia, ha# increased tralia the leaves of which yield an oil since the beginning of the war
“But I have so many things to do," id the usual excuse for procrastination. «
The trade in dried shark meat and
-
from which camphor can be maoe
a

1 I l NES, DVT, SOME oF THE
J	DVHCH A** antL ovr r
J—-THERE A3LCCP /
WHS THE \ ALARM?
50 YOw’FE A FREE MAH THIS WEEK ---tZEH ? r~
great gong!! i
5HE*5 COMING HOME THIS AFTER-(
) HOP* !? j
won't • KNOW IT
I SEE.
THE PARTY WA5 A *
k COMPLETE
6UCÆ53
V(OUSee I HAD * STAG
POKE* f*m OUT TO T*C HOUSE LAST MIGHT r-
NEJ.the wife HAS
--------- DEEM OUT OF TOWN
A LETTER.\ ) FOR A FEW DAIS FOR TOO
MR. DUFF
i Was
[she
:
J
]


M
A
I
J
>

a
i
0
/
I
W:
\






###PAGE###7###

derbudy. In 6 sites; 6 to 14 years. Price, 16 cents.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, Dept. W.
Would Have Felt the Same.
SAVE THE CHILDREN
KINDLY DELIVER THAT BIBLE.
Don’t Waste, Don t
Starve—there is plenty of
food for all if you will only do your bit in preventing waste. Demand the whole wheat grain in breakfast foods and bread. Shredded Wheat Biscuit is 100 percent, whole wheat—nothing wasted, eveiy particle utilized. It contains more real nutriment than meat, and costs much less. For any meal with milk and fruits,
“Harki” observed the romantic
e, t	young woman spending her holidays
Mothers who keep a box of Baby's on ^ farm. “Just hear how those
Own Tablets In the hoqg# may feel trees in the orchard moan and that the lives of their little ones are groan in the storm, like the crying of reasonably safe during the hot weath- a |OBt eoull”
er. Stomach troubles, cholera infan-j ««Well,” replied her practical and turn and diarrhoea carry off thousands unromantic companion, “I guess you’d A Poem of Leave	| of little ones every summer In most moan and groan, too, if you were as
“I have not wept when I have seen cases because the mother does not full of green apples as those trees My stricken comrades die;	,l,ave * »afe medicine at hand to give are."
I have not wept when we have made promptly. Hnby s Own Tablets cure The place where they should lie; 'he,. troubles, çr If given occasionally ,
My heart seemed drowned tn tears,the well child will prevent their
coining on. The Tablets are guaranteed by a government analyst to be ab-eolutely harmless even to the new-
There is a time to weep, aaith One, born babe. They are eepeclally good	A T.„
A canon to refrain;	" eu,mmer because they regulate the
How should it ope, this fount of tears, bowels and keep the stomach sweet x»k Marine Bye Remedy Co., Chlcag# 4
and pure. They are by medicine	^—————
dealers or by mall at 3!5 cents a box, .
from The Dr Williams' Medicine Co
a
During the German Occupation The Sacred Volume Was Kept Secure
“At Noyon, when the Germans marched In, the Kommandantur went straight to the cathedral, and said to the sacristan’s wife: “Kindly deliver up the tenth-century Bible of Noyon Cathedral,’’ says Laurence Jerrold in the Contemporary Review.
“They knew all about it. But the sacristan’s wife ‘had never heard’ of that Bible, the Kommandantur looked for that Bible, and never found it. The sacristan's wife showed it me. It is u rare illuminated Gospel with some unique decorations.
“She had every night hid it in a different corner of her house, would have been shot if it had been found. It is back now in the vestry of Noyon Cathedral. The plain, little woman tells you her story baldly.’’
*
The best yeast in the world.
< Makes
perfect \\ bread.
BACK TO LONDON



•21

@3
INE Granulated Eyelids,
For two years and a half
teteSatoM
relieved by Murine. Try It In your Eyes and Hi Baby's Eyes.
Me Smartm*, Jed EyeCemfert
at'# or by
MADE
but still
No tear came to my eye.
WtÜH COMPANY#
IN
CANADA
UR

EW.6ILLETÎ COMPANY LIMITED
She
While I sate in the train,
So that all blurred the landscape mov-
TORONTO.ONT.


| ' If boiled potatoes have to stand a ” | while before being served, cover with thick cloth and stand the pan where they will keep warm, but not scorch. The cloth absorbs the moisture and helps to make the potatoes floury.
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
iiL Af
ed
lirockvllle, Ont.
Outwith the window pane? .
But one short day since I had left A land upheaved and rent,
Where Spring brings back no bourgeoning,
As Nature's force were spent;
Yet now I travelled in a train
Thro' the kindly land of Kent!
* # # # * +
These are the scenes, these the dear sot I s,
’Mid which our lot was cast,
To this loved land, if Fate be kind, We shall return at last,
For this our stern steel line we hold— Lord, may we hold it fast!"
—Sergeant Joseph Lee, the Black Watch.
r %
# »
Vacant lot, back yard and school MONEY ORDERS ,	gardens have produced $350,000,000
Send a Dominion Express Money worth of vegetables this summer in
In Canada, by the same proportion, the increased production of vegetables in cities and I towns amounts to about $28,000,000.

- HOW DO YOU TACKLE YOUR
WORK ?
%

Order. Five dollars costs three cents, the United States
How do you tackle your work each day ?	I
Are you «cared of the job you find ?
Do you grapple the task that comes on my face for a long time and tried a H|
number of remedies without any good home, results
Made in Canada.
Mlnard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Dear Sirs,—I had a Bleeding Tumor
Few of Them Do.
He—Are you fond of indoor sports ? She—Yes, if they know when to go
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Burns. Btc.
Box edgings should not be cut in hot, dry weather.
your way
With a confident, easy mind ?
Do you stand right up to the work NARD’S LINIMENT, and after using Mlnard's Liniment Believes Neuralgia.
ahead	several bottles It made a complete
Or fearfully pause to view it?	cure, and if healed all up and dlsap-
Do you start to toil with a sense of	altogether.
dread,	1	~ DAVID HENDERSON
Or feel that you’re going to do it? Bellelele Station, Kings ( o
| Sept. 17, 1*04.
For Autumn School Days
I was advised to try MI*
She Will Not.
Though Fortune waits, ’Tig very wrong To think that rhe Will wait for long.
mscn.LâN*ot7s
/"1ANCEH TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC. \y internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment Write un before too late. Dr. Heilman Medical Co.. Limited. Colllmrwnod Ont.
N. B.,
•9

You can do as much as you think you can,
But you’ll never accomplish more;
If you’re afraid of yourself, young bushels of potatoes this year. It may
There's little for you in store.
For failure comes from the inside fir it,
It’s there if we only knew it,
And you can win, though you face the	end is the	||||||||lll|llllllllllllll|||llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
worse,	end might be called the top of the po- ^ou corn pestered men and women
If you feel that you’re going to do ta to and the stem end the bottom. nce(i suffer no longer. Wear the shoes
The buds at the seed end will swell nearly killed you before, says ti:
i Cincinnati authority, because a few drops of freezone applied directly on a tender, aching corn or callus, stops sorenesâ at once and soon the corn or hardened callus loosens so it can be
i
4
f adikh wantki>—to do plain
1A and light Hewing at home, whole or
work t any Send stamp for National Manufacturing,
—*o - f)—O
*
EVERY WOMAN'S RIGHT
YES ! LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
«pare time; good pa\ distance, charge paid particulars Company. Montreal
Ontario should produce 28 million
not produce 12 millions if the blight is not vigorously attacked.
To every woman belongs the right to enjoy a healthy, active, happy life, yet nine out of every ten suffer years of agony, usually from some form of bloodlessness. That Is why one sees on every side pale thin cheeks, dull eyes and drooping figures—sure signs of headaches, weak backs, aching limbs and uncertain health. All weak, suffering women should win the right to be well by refreshing their weary Bodies with the new, rich, red blood that promptly transforms them into healthy attractive women. This new, rich, red blood Is supplied In abundance by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills which reaches every organ and every nerve
Cincinnati man tells how to dry up a corn or callus so it lifts off with fingers.
e h
!
I
When buying your Piano insist on having an

i
The stem end of a potato is the end that was attached to the vine; the op-
The seed

"OTTO HIGiL” PIANO ACTION
i
I
—.Ji-
lt.
and grow first.
Q McCall
|NE
Success! It’s found in the soul of you, And not in the realm of luck!
The world will furnish the work to do, But you must provide the pluck. You can do whatever you think you can,
it’s all in the way you view it;
It's nil in the start that you make, young man:
You must feel that you’re going to do it.
WM
Â



will reduce inflamed, swollen joints. Sprains, Bruises, Soft Bunches; Heals Boils, Poll Evil.Quittor,Fistula and infected eoree quickly a $ it is a positive antiseptic and g-rmicide. Pleasant to ##*: does not Mister the hair, sn.i you can work the bons. *2.00 per Ik-ttK •Irllrrred.
—	Book 7 M free.
If your druggist hasn’t any freezore ABSORWNB.JR..tbeuitamtformaMi*
tell him to get a small bottle for you	STS
from his wholesale drug house. It Is Mm or delivered v. ll rrll you mure il you write.
Lilxral Trial Bottle for 1 (k In n -i.
lifted off, root and all, without pain
A small bottle of freezone costs very little at any drug store, but will positively take off every hard or soft corn or callus. This should be tried, as it Is Inexpensive and Is said not to Irri- i (ate the surrounding skin.	;

I
Very up to date is this little suit with its belt, panel front and buttons on either side of the panel, suitable for heavy cotton material and foer wool materials such as whipcord and garbardine.
Pattern No. 7904, Boy’s trousers.
Price, 15 cents.
»
In the body.
Through the use of these pills thousands of women have found a prompt serge, cure when suffering from anaemia, in-McCall digestion, heart palpitation, rheuma-Suit; knee tlsm. general weakness, and those allin 3 sizes; 2 to 6 years, meats from which women alone suffer.
There Is no part of this broad Dominion In which you will not find some
It is
iff
"3
%
fi?
IIow do you tackle your work each day?
With confidence clear, or dread ? What to yourself do you stop and say
When a new task lies ahead ? former sufferer who has regained What is the thought that is in your health and strength through the use of	mind
Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills, and this Is ,g fear ever running through it? the reason why these pills have been 90| just tackle the next you find a favorite household remedy for more than a generation. If you are ailing and will give the pills a fair trial you will find renewed health and happiness in their use.	, a satisfactory watering pan for
You can get Dr. Williams I Ink I ills ^ pou|try yard can be made of an old through any medicine dealer, or L>' cake pan. Secure the pan to the mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for ground by driving a stake through the $2.50 from The Dr Williams' Medicine funne] hole and into the earth. VH
changed to any
cannot be tipped over and will serve a dozen or more chicks at one time.
I
6
fine stuff and acts like a charm every
time.
W. F. YOUNG. P. D. F., 516 Lymans Bldg., Montreal. Can. uDiorjJi* iU Atioromc. jr.. v aude la
23 THE
I
m
Iron Is Greatest of All Strength
Builders, Says Doctor
By thinking you’re going to do it. (From “A Heap o' Livin',” by Edgar A. Guest.
A Secret of the Great Endurance and Powers of Athletes.
1
/
x\JZ

?
Ordinary Nnxsted Iron Will M*ke Dell- teen «In vs* time ximplv by taking Iron In cate. Nervous. Rundown Pnoule ICO (he proper form . Cent. Stronger in Two Weeks’ hud in 8«,me caaew
Ti:r.e In Many Cases.	month* without obtaining any benefit.
NEW YORK, N. Y.— Must people fool- Rut don't take the old forms of reduced ishly Hftrn to think they lire going to get iron, iron acetate or tincture of iron renewed health and strength from some «imply to «axe a few cents. You must stimulating medicine, secret nostrum or take iron in a form that can be easily narcotic drug, said I>r. E. Sauer, a Bos- absorbed and assimilated like nuxated ton I’hyslctan who has studied widely Iron If you want it to do you any good, both in this country and in Great Euro- otherwise It may prove worse than use-pea n Medical Institutions, when, as a less. Man matter of fact, real and true strength , has won can only come from the food you eat. knew the secret of great strength and But people often fall to g**t strength out endurance and filled his blood with Iron of their food because they haven't before he went Into the affray, while enough iron in their blood to enable It many another has gone down to into change food into living matter. From glorious defeat simply for the lack of their weakened, nervous condition they iron, know something Is wrong hut they can't tell what, so they generally commence I doctoring for stomach. liver or kidney trouble or symptoms of some other ailment caused by lack of Iron In the blood.
This thing may go on for years, while the patient suffers untold agony. If you are not strong or well, you owe it to yourself to make the following test :
See how long you can work or how f#r you can walk without becoming tired.
Next take two five-grain tablets of ordinary nuxated Iron three times per day after meals for two weeks. Then test your strength again arid see for yourself how much you have gained. I have seen dozens of nervous, run-down people who were ailing all the while, double their strength and Endurance and entirely get rid of all symptoms of dyspepsia, liver and other troubles in from ten to four-
/
And this after they been doctoring for

On Face. Badly Disfigured. Used 2 Boxes Ointment and 3 Cakes Soap.
It «S
Co, Brockville, Out.

-
iy an athlete or prize-fighter the «lay simply because they
THE CROWN PRINCE when H, Cam ïô~the Throne There
Would be War, “tor the I* un of it.	|	BlackeCat Luck.	| They were inflamed end came to a head,
and 1 could tear my skin as soon as a little heat came near them. 1 could hardly sleep.
“When I saw Cuticura Soap and Ointment advertised 1 sent fur a free sample which did so much good that I bought more, and 1 used two boxes of Cuticura Ointment and three cakes of Cuticura Soap when 1 was healed." (Signed) Miss Bertha Nilsson, Stockholm, Sask.
If you have a good complexion keep by using Cuticura Soap daily and

The offices of Crown Prince and A certain resident in a country court fool used to be distinct; under suburb makes a point of keeping open the Hohenzollern dynasty they have the doors and windows of his house, been united. In 1914, before the war As he sat in one of his breezy rooms began, as Mr. Gerard, late United the other evening, waiting for dinner, States Ambassador to Germany, re- his wife came in from the kitchen. | ports the conversation, Friedrich Wil- “We’ve just hid a visit from a black helm hoped to “a beautiful American cat,” she said.
tfoman” that there would be war dur- “Ah,” he reported, “that's good, ing his father’s reign. If it didn’t Black cats are lucky, you know.’ come off within this period, he would “Yes,” answered his wife, who dis A novelty in frocks is this	little	see that the omission	was rectified a»	likes cats, “this one was certainly
model with a jumper-like waist	which	soon as he ascended	the throne.	lucky.
ties under each arm. The dress il- “He said, whether war was profit- steak I was just going to cook for lustrated is developed in gay	plaid	able or not, that when	he came to	the	you.”
gingham with a collar of organdie	throne there would be	war—if not	be-	—=
ending in a tie in front. This is a fore—just for the fun of it. charming dress for fall school wear, previous occasion he had said that the McCall Pattern No. 7928, Girl’s Dress; plan was to attack and conquer
„,.W skirt .tuck* t. U„.	ÏS
to be conquered, and Germany would be master of the world.”
«just for the fun of it!" That re-1
™l:,i.,h.b.r0rS.e.1K 2Æ Sura-don. that may »v.
the Greet, also quoted by Mr. Gerard	Much buffering
when he declared, .“Nothing can confer honor and fame upon a prince except the sword"; or when he asserted Marysville, Pa.—"For twelve years that “in order to be talked about” he j .offered with terrible cramps. I
iCfJttoSSr.ttS fli SLr3\2
way Kipling would diagnose Friedrich	treated by doctors,
Wilhelm's ailment. One can almost	but my trouble con-
hear him saying to this megalomaniac	| tinued until one day
parent, “Father, we have all theee	'I I read about Lydia
should be homeless, that women should troubled with cramps and feel like a suffer diabolic torment, that the flow- different woman. I cannot praise of myriads of families should fall Lydia E. Pinkham’e Vegetable Com.	_ before the cannon. The Crown Prince pound too highly and I am recommend-
change to d» | ; -—a-J-g	« I SjBfeïWnSfV
out a kudo,...	ŸZr.« .^,„ wbo tr
I four ...kin, p.rtir.tk.t w. ing. a railroad fcroea Australia keep fitting spells in touch with one another by wireless j take Lydia E. telegraphy.	Compound. Thousands have been
rmom mended
NUTK
Nuxated
Iron.
above hy Dr. E. Saurr. I* one <>f the newer organic Iron compound»
Snorg.mti Iron protlut te. It I» eualiy aaelml-late«I. does not Injure the teeth, make them black, nor u|i*M the atomech; on the contrary. It la a moet potent remedy In nearly all form* of In-Hg-eM n. aa well ae for nervous. run-down condition# turere have much great confidence In Nuxated Iron that they offer to forfeit S100 00 to any charitable Institution If they cannot take any man or woman under 60 who le<k* Iron, and Increase their strength 100 per cent, or over in four weeks' time provided they have no seri es organic trouble. They aiso offer to refund your money If It doe» not at least double your strength and
It la dis-
<£ Uct au
I’nllke the older
The manufac-
it soH	|
Cuticura Ointment occasionally.
Free Sample Each by M til address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. S. A." Sold everywhere.
For
It has run off with the cod
endurance In ten days' time penned by all good druggists
THOSE AWFUL
On a
Doctors and Eye Specialists Agree
That Bon- Opto Strengthens Eyesight 50% In a Week's Time In Many Instances
CRAMPS

Tea and Coffee
Drinkers
who arc
Junctlvltle and ephlphora. - Her eyoe when not congested had the dull, suffused expression common to such cues. Having run out of hsr medicine a friend suggested Bon-Opto. She used this treatment and not only overcame her distressing condition, but strange and amazing aa It may seem, so strengthened her eyesight that she was able W dispense with Jier distance glasses and her headache and rr-ira left her. In this Instance I should her eyesight was Improved 100%.	.
have since verified the efficacy of this trsatment In a number of cases and have seen the eyesight Improve from 25 to 7» per sent In a remarkably short time. I can say it works more quickly than any other remedy 1 have prescribed for the eyes."
Dr. Smith, an oculist ef wide experience. says: “I have treated in private practice a number of serious opthalmlc diseases with Bon-Opto and am able to report ultimate recovery In both newtd and chronic caeca Mr. B. came to my office suffering with an Infected eye. The condition was so serious that an cperat'on for enucleation seemed Imperative. Before resorting to the opera* » treatment 1 prescribed Bon-Opto and In J4 hours the secretion had 1< seemed, inflammatory symptom» be subside, and In seven day» the • cured and retained Its nor-
¦¦¦of extreme
strain' arising from protracted micros «cop leal research work. Bon-Opto used according to directions rendered a surprising service. I found my eyes res markably strengthened, so much so 1 have put aside my glasses without discomfort. Several of my colleagues have also used it and we are agreed as to Its results. In a few days, under my observation, the eyes of an astigmatic « * were so Improved that glasses have been dl: carded by the patient."
Eye troubles of many descriptions may M wonderfully benefited by use of Bon-Opto and If you want to strengthen your eyes, go to any drug d get a bottle of Bon-Opto Drop one Bon-Opto tablet in glass of water and let it n this liquid bet he the eyes two to four times dally. You should notice your eyes clear up perceptibly right from the start, and Inflammation and redneos will quickly disappear. If your eyes bother you even a little It le your duty to take steps to save them now before It ie too late. Many hopelessly blind might have saved their eight if they bad r 4 for their eyes In time.
Note:	A city phyelclso te
article ¦
Ton Can Have
Proscription Filled^nd U— Bt
Boston, Ma»».—Victime of eye strain and other eye weaknesses, and those who wear glasses, will be glad to know that Doctors and Eye Specialists now agree there Is real nope and help for them. Many whose eyes were falling an they have had their eyes restored and many who once wore glasses say they have thrown them away. One says, after using It:	I was al-
bllod. Could not see to read at all Now I can read everything without my glasses and my eye# hurt any more. At Bight ther would pain dreadfully. Now tney feel fine all the time. It was like a miracle
/
*1/
A


D

most
O


store an
tablets, a fourth of a dissolve. Wit

to me.”
usually
A lady who need It says: The atmosphere seemed hasy with or without glasses, but after using this prescription for fifteen days everything seems clear. I can read even fine print without glasses." Another who used I* says: "I was bothered with eye strain caused by overworked, tlrdd eyes which Induced fierce headaches. I have worn
9
x3?
C*

glasses for several years, both for distance and work, end without th could not read my own name on an envelope or the typewriting on the machine before me I can do both now,
rded my long dlsthnee glasses altogether I can count the fluttering leaves on tb « tr*#** a-
have1 lookTà Uke\ dim green me. I cannot express my joy at what it has (? n* for me"
,« u b.,,^4 «...
I
after they
'er
the store
submit:Hi. said:
"Tes, BswOpt" is
Its

tient la-
to
•7*
and have dl
g an to
delicious, pure food-drink
eye w
m»l vision. Another
strabismus
the
prarti-, om
for several

eecauef the euigeon’e knife by Jhe timely use of your eollyrl tightened external muscles yielded te the soothing and anodyne effects of Bee-Opte. I always Instil Bon-Opto after removal of foreign bodies and
for lie th#' effect. By clean*-Mda of secretions
I
The
It Is
rf
Ihoukl
or indigestion Ptnkham# Vfg 'h *>
POSTUM
hie tin s, and multitudes more able to strengthen their eyes be snared the trouble and ea-
ts almost every family “
will be
I• is
as to
A thunderstorm rarely succeeds
wet weather; the electric fluid being retried by the min gradually to the th.
penes of ever gettlag glass# 1 Dr. B*ck. an eye special let
aed acting eyeball Itself the
? JTfcÆ»
for free and helpful Lydia V, Pinkham Medicine

Co. (
twenty
st.7H.vit:
“There's a Reason
<•

Only
bv all
Marginalia with all the
ml et
lag
re In
i meets» P
r>r. Conner

Wi
OsL
•17.
ISSUE
ED 7.
t
rw
/
###PAGE###8###

Bull for Sale.
CONFEDERATION
EVERY CANADIAN SHOULD SEE THE COUNTRY’S CAPITAL AND THE BEST TIME IS DURING FAIR WEEK
Registered Durham Hull for sale. Four
years* old ; color roan. Apply to
M O CONN F I
R. R. No. 1. Shaw ville
Tie Slawville Bool and Shoo Store
LV
tfn
__ CENTRAL CANADA — T
Exhibition
Money Saved
Is Money Made ’
Get rates from
| This Man Faces | Great Problem
CONFEDFRATION LIFE

OTTAWA SEPT. 8 to 17
A New ©ne
>
Est. 1871.
11 Maximum Insurance
HE Honorable Charles Joseph Doherty, member of Parliament for the St. Ann's division of Montreal, is Minister of Justice in Sir Robert Borden's Cabinet. When the pending conscription measure becomes law In Canada its enactment will be entrustrl not to the military authorities, but to the Ministry of Justice.
SHSSfc 5jF"iMhS2 Vpo. Mr. Dohe.ty will
sheaf ; these should also be fore, the ultimate responsibility for slackened so that the clover will the application of conscription to have ft frw CVUI'W tV the ground. Canada. The now diffuse opposition lit dropping to the ground, the ^jjj converge upon him. In his seed will not shell and the crop on«roU8 position be will need all the will be left in loose windrows ^rthu^e whlcli distinguishes him, where it will dry quickly, and emu ^ ftll thç support which the law-bc easily gathered with a barley abiding can contribute, fork.	With the imminence of his rêspon-
The length of time that the Bibility clear to him, he presumably clover should remain in the field designed the machinery of the cones unit I depend upon the weather, scription bill so as to make less diffl-Generally speaking the crop should cult bis task of administering it. It be placed in the mow or stack is inherent in him to minimise the when dry enough to keep well. It feature of coercion and to emphasise can be threshed when convenient, the provision for dealing with all
proper and pertinent objections. Indeed, on Juno 29,	1917,	in The
Evening Post, over his signature, he
13 a t4E!d||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l|||||ll||j||||||||||||||||||||||||l|||
no way specially affects the people of any province, race, creed, or class. It bears equally and evenly on all Canadians In all parts of Canada. .
.	, Neither is the measure inspired
Nor will
-T

1917
at Minimum Cost

The Hartt Shoe for Men
YOUNG MEN—Oui Special Military Policy i* not to he equalled on the market today.
Consult our Agent today.
ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. 31st

REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
It is Canada’s best production. Try a pair next time and enjoy the comforts of a perfectly fit- |
ting shoe.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, BURNED FEB 3RD. ISIS NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
IN PRIZES FOR I - I LIVE STOCK I
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon & Evening I
VAUDEVILLE ACTS.	I
BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOP-TH E-LOOP AVIATOR.	I
$9,000 FOR HORSE RACING.	I
PURE FOOD SHOW. GOV'T. EXHIBIT. DOG SHOW. I
$25.000
an
NEW YORK HIPPODROME
NIGHT Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks—British
SHOW	r-~ '^ct,0“¦°'the
Encourage Production of every Kind
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
Children’s School Boots
Boost the Exhibition
We have a very good range at popular prices.

Stewars McClenaghan, President
J. K. Paisley, Mgr. & Sec*y
Sinking of advertising here is what some of the publishers charge for space : Ladies Home Journal $8 a line or #104 per inch and $0,000 tor a full page i*-uo ; the back cover sells for #10,000
page advertisement in the Satm*
day Kvcnmg Post sells for $7,000 ; by punitive intent tlic back cover -ells for $0.000. The its application produce any punitive centre page in colors is $12,000. As effect. Its provisions for adjudlca-a<lvertising spice is always tion as to claims for exemption put tilled it L evident that advertising that adjudication in the hands of imys even at these prices.	local tribunals in each province. The
method of appointment of these tribunals is such as to secure to the individual an absolutely fair court, familiar with his surroundings and appreciative of his viewpoint."
Many of the people of Quebec believe the measure is directed against their province, their race, and their religion
T rades and Labor (’uncross of Canada, Mr. James F. Watters; the Federation of Labor of British Columbia, and the only labor member of Parliament—the member for the district of Maisonneuve—profess to believe that the measure is Intended
Most
The proposed measure in
Low Prices . .
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
X full
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
tilt
Local and District.	,,ÜJ!S
NORWAY BAY
it
ITui: \nd False Arrest. On Fn Sept. 7th, the phones of Bristol ami Clarendon rang with the tidings that there was a tire at Norway Bay.
In a few minute* automobiles filled with men were pouring into the popular summer resort. The tire was quickly ex-I tinguished, and th giuator was begun.
Three small boys were ready with an answer. In eager and insistent tones
they laid the blame mi Francis Raymond to exploit the laboring class Dodd, a farmers son, living not far of the opponents of the bill affirm
that the measure cannot bear equally and evenly on all Canadians, as the rich may utilize the elaborate system of appeals to delay their being drafted, whereas the poor cannot afford to hire counsel for this purpose.
A distinct feeling of satisfaction exists that the final word in regard to the application of conscription rests with the present Minister of Justice, a man whose qualities fit hhn equitably to enforce the law while tempering it with sympathy devoid of weakness partisanship
herty holds in the esteem of his fellow members of the Conservative party has been determined by the exercise of these qualities. Z_J that rare phenomenon in political life, a man greater than his reputation
but a judge to whom party profit weighs lightly against Justice and principle. While yet in his thirties, he was appointed judge of the Superior Court Bench of the Province of Quebec. That high position he held with distinction for fifteen years, and when he relinquished it the judicial habit had long been fixed in him by the mordant action
of time. That habit pervades his ,	___	«.	.	j i
•“»£?.	We are now showing the
r.U'V^VrX' nicest range of Silk Waists
position find themselves frequently	ü
Dob"tdy1heymfturrUdd a°nd0fewel,vT,r BYOT ShOWLL 111 tlÛS tOWH.
had recourse to him in vain. This was one of the reasons, and by do
Attractive Colors
helpful member for St. Ann s was by every one regarded as certain, |	_
White, Navy, Maroon,
of 1811. It was In the nature of	_ _ .	-, .
Peach, Maize,	Salmon,
mo.”." j	at prices from $2.75 to $4.75.
Sir Charles Fitzpatrick, Sir Alan
Aylesworth, and other great figures	,	¦	, -	__ _
in ST. "--‘g^eccd o, judicial Call 121 and. look them 0V6T.
probity, his aloofness from the petty
a pleasure to show them.
has constantly shown towards even	¦
lowlest of those who have nought his aid during his six years ot office, convince the rational among the opponents of conscription that whatever harshness the measure imposes will be mitigated by the present Minister of Justice, to the limit of hi# powers. His French constituents in 8t. Ann's know that French interests are dear to him. Hie countrymen of Irish extraction will get Justice from him ; neither eipect nor seek Lhollc Church has In him a tried and trusted son. The Anglo-Saxon honors and respects In him the majesty of the law. If Mr. Doherty undertakes the duty of applying conscription to Canada, a duty which bis continuance in the office of Minister of Justice will Impose, Labor may take what comfort It can from the cer-I tain knowledge that In Mr. Doherty's lands the conscription measure will be used neither to exploit class nor to subserve Interests, but will bear •equally and evenly on all Canadians
Father* and mothers, it i* your duty See the Egg ami Wool exhibit* to your children to present them each ’ at the Renfrew Fair. Sent. 20th ‘lay with a photograph. A family group i* and 21st. These w ill help alert the most appropriate.	j farm |K*opIe to make more money.
H. Imison. Photo Artist I Save the children# All n u i< >n-
will have to conserve their children more than ever now, to make up for the ravages of war:	Make
a trip to Renfrew to see the Provincial Health Department's Child Enclosed please find $UW for Welfare exhibit. At the big Fair, Tobacco for our dear boys “some- Sept. 20 and 21. n hei • in Fi a nee’1— c >d bless them Î
\
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
The president of the
Keeps the Good Work Up
irch for its ori
Grand Rapids, Mich ,
Sept. 1, 1917
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Special train to Renfrew Fair oil the Kingston & Pembroke branch of the V. 1*. Railway on Thursday morning, Sept. 20th. Leaves Mississippi at 7.43 a. in. Returning leaves Renfrew at 11.15 Gives time for a great day
away. A warrant was issued for the arrest of young Dodd, a lad of about 14 years of age.
The father of the accused lad was promptly on hand t > defend hi* son, and abundant witnesses were present to prove that Raylniand l)odd was busy all day, “ doing hid bit in the harvest fields on his father’s farm.
In the meantime the three lads who .had accused Dodd had confessed to a lady that two of them had set the fire. They just wanted to have a bonfire and did not know how dangerous it was. As soon as they discovered how rapidly the five they set was spreading, they gave the alarm and so saved serious damage ; but in their fear decided to put the blame on someone else.
Mr. Dodd, while naturally indignant that his son should have been falsely charged with the fire, expressed his gratitude that no greater damage was done, and hojied that the incident would put a stop to all bonfires at Norway Bay, as they are a bad example to children, and a violation of the law.—Com
Y ou vs truly,
\V. McCuUltlSTON
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
September Rod and Gun
p. m
September Bod and Gun is out and the fine night entertainment and shows the usual 1 i -1 of good as \\ <11.
things for sjiortsmeii reader* ami The sum of all the good things lovers of the out of doors. Tins in Fair* is Renfrew Fair on Sept, isailt? is a good oue to uut *n the 19th, 20th, 21st, Fume along and
4 ^ilhmicr VACationtst’s kn?i.. t MJ' '>' yourself sack. Such stories as “The Huh Builders,” Bonnyca«tle Dale
“Two Weeks without a Care, T N. Hewitt
the Small Sloughs ton : “J
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
• it
and free from The place Mr. Do-
CLOVER SEED
Custom Sawing1.
Duck Hunting on i,” George Bcl-V Cruise in the Sloop Rath-Austen Saunders ; The The Place, the (Same/*
Why Not Grow Your Own ?
He is
In average seasons red clover, that has not been pastured after the first hay crop has been removed, will nroduce a crop of well matured seed. Instead of cutting the second crop for hay, pasturing it or, as it frequently happens, ploughing it under, why not allow this crop to mature and save the
seed twin it Ÿ
By raising your own c lover seed you are obtaining seed from plflUtS which, by their existence, have demonstrated their adaptation the conditions prevailing on your farm, and in your immediate locality. Such seed, it is quite reasonable to suppose; will produce plants which are equally well adapted to local conditions. For this reason home-grown clover d is really more valuable than of the seed obtainable
arme i m
Archie McKislmie ; and “Fishing in Little Streams,** Reginald Dour-lay, make the vacationist glad he went and the stay-at-home man sorry he can’t go and maybe determined to get away into the
north woods when tUv hunting
Season comes oil. Among Inc special departments, that devoted to dog men’s interests, The Kennel, contains this month a full report of the recent Regina Dog Show. Rod and Gun is published by XV. J. Taylor, Ltd.. Wood
He is not a parliamentarian,
LADIES !
to
Resolution of Condolence
At a meeting of Knox L. O. L. No. 34, held on Sept. 7th, the following resolution of condolence was passed, and instructions given that a copy thereof lie forwarded to Bros. Win. and Thos. Stephens, sons of the late Mr. Charles Stephens ;
To Bros. Wm. and Tno*. Stephens :
XVe, the mendiera of Knox L. O. L No. 34, wish to extend to you our sincere sympathy in the loss you have recently sustained through the death of your dear father, and we trust you will find comfort and consolation in the thought that he hut gone to a brighter and happier abode
stock, Out
Renfrew Fair Notes
See the Wonderland, Working
Musical Va tide-
set
World, Spidora v ille and Circus Sideshow* on the Midway at Renfrew Fair, Sept. 20th and 21st.
There are many good things to see at Renfrew Fair, but not the least interesting are the lieople who gathei there—Alert, Intelligent, Jolly Folks from all over the Ottawa \ alley. It is the recognized gathering place for seeing all the old frie nos under heartening circumstances make part ot the crowd will be somebody there that you will be glad to see.
through ordinary channels of commerce.
Unite often very poor-looking field* of second growth red clover will produce a profitable crop of
need. In many eases fields where
the clover i* quite thin and say only eight or ten inches high, will yield over one bundled rounds. of clean, well matured seed per acre. Usually, however, second growth will produce anywhere from 150 to 250 pounds of seed per acre.
The red clover seed crop should be cut when the heads are dark brown in colour, and contain hard, well-developed seed ill
should be avoided ling, frequent turning, etc., will thresh or break off the most mature heads, thus wasting a portion of the most valuable seed.
Where the crop is less than one foot high it may be cut with an ordinary mowing machine. It is usually advisable to have two men follow the machine with hand rakes and move each swath out from the standing crop a few feet so that, on the next round, the cut clover will be out of the way of the horse* and machine. By following this practice with short clover, a great deal of seed will be saved that would have otherwise l>e threshed by the horses’ feet, and therefore left in the field.
Where clover is one foot or more in height the most satisfactory implement to use for cutting is the binder. The cord should be removed, and the spring on the kuotter slackened *o that it will
Black,
tin average
In Memoriam.
In loving memory of my dear son, Arthur Wilson, who died Sept. 12, 1913
Come along and ¦^^^^¦Tliere
Special Trains—Renfrew Fair.
Owing to riding of the Railway Board there will be no special train from Ottawa to Renfrew Fair this year ; the regular train service affording reasonable accommodation. C. P. R. trains leave Ottawa for Renfrew at * a. in., 4.45 n. in., 11.25 p. m. and 2 a. m., and leave Renfrew for Ottawa at 3.50 p. in., 2.07 a. m. 4.12a. in. and 9.15 a. m. G. T. R. train* leave Ottawa for Renfrew at 8.35 a. in., 12,01 p. ni. and 5 p. m., end leave Renfrew for Ottawa at 9.13 a. m.. 2.40 p. in. and 5.40 p. in.
Raves and sport* for pupils of rural school* in Renfrew, l>anark, Carleton, Frontenac and Pontiac counties at Renfrew Fair on Friday morning, Sept. 2I*L Youngsters, practise up and be ready to
m.
We often sit and think of him,
When we are all alone ;
For memory is the only thing That grief can call its own.
Like ivy on the withered oak,
When all things else decay,
Onr love for him will still keep green And never fade away.
In harvest-un necessary handling
Rough hand-
ibe
*
Announcement.
Monday and Tuesday, September 17th and 18th being Jewish Holidays, our store will remain closed until 6 p. m., Tuesday, Sept. 18th.
Mother
Shingles for Sale.
A car-load of Newr Brunswick
hand for sale. Apply t •
H. T. ARGUE,
Shawville, <jue.
more they The Ca-
shing!
TRESPASS NOTICE
1 f
ni <ïn\ roannei ^roiwicTi Lot* 19 and 20 of the Fir*t Rang Bristol, after thi* noth cuted a» the law direct»
ARTH1 K Bristol, Sept 1, 1217.
Balloon ascensions and triple part chute drops on the 20th and 21 *t *it Renfrew Fair. The*e are always favorite features.
Renfrew Fair. Sept. 19, 20. 21, U the second largest county fair in
ARCHIE DOVER
will
LimUM
X
z
