###PAGE###1###
O
$1.00 A YEA B IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1917
No. 7, 35th Yeah


THE
Tlje Merchants Ban^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
BANK
I
Established 1864
Capital Paid up - $4,000,000
.	.	4,750,000
OF
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sik II. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkbden GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. U. Mac arow
Rest
OTTAWA
05 Branches In Canada,
9
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital..................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 10,........
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada*
$7,000,000 7,250,084 108,950,906
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maciaren,
M. J. O’Brien,
lion. Sir George H Perley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : H, V.Cann.
• Chief Inspector.	<
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sit George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon. George Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle •	•
i
FRUIT JARS
PICKLING SPICES
• #
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost Is small and they can bv obtained at this bank, same are pay able at parut any bank in Canada. The rates are as follows ; —
$ 6.00 and under
5.00 to $10...
10.00 to $:*).
.moo to iso...
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
VINEGAR
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up savings funds, and are thus prepared for the opportunities or necessities of the future.
8c
o
10
RUBBER RINGS FOR JARS PAROWAX FOR SEALING.
v
15
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
The work evening meeting of the Shawville FI. M. Club will be at Mrs. S. E. Hod gins this week—
Thursday.
Another Reminder—This paper entered u|x>n the 35th year of its existence about seven weeks ago and in the natural order of thing* finite a number of subscriptions have been due since that date a ml little has been done in the way of relieving the situation, which is
becoming rather too serious to re-	,	.
gard with equanimity, especially pur instruction I» individual, and the
in view of the large »«.o.int of |'.uîtat.nytinV ' arrears which we have earned for- j 0ur ritesare #io per month ; do not ward, and the largely increased pay » cent more.
cost of producing a newspa|K*r, to More than 100 Students from other local day compared with five or six colleges have in the past joined our class
ITve n*t%id'for The Eqcnr y 'will Sluden* nre ass,Mted tc étions, ponder these facts, and not drive us to the extreme of being compelled to collect by legal process.
For Salk—1 Singer Sewing Ma a ba rga i
W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
As usual we sell only high-quality goods at reasonable price.
O. A. Howard.
Hundreds of people were at the hog on Monday looking for blueberries.
Owing to a scarcity of water the campers have all left the lake for their homes.
Tobacco Fvnd-Thk Equity has pleasure in acknowledging i ceipt of one dollar from Mr Tippius for the Soldiers’ Tobacco Fund. -
(i. A. Howard
twenty horses for Tuesday last. They were a pretty good lot, all round, and mostly of the heavy type. Alf. has gone West to dispose of the bunch.
l
I
“Canadas Best”
; HENRY’S SHORTHAND
" SCHOOL
I
J. H. SHAW. ]
COWLING
Ottawa, Ont.
the re-
©
Fred
«Vf
OTTAWA, ONT
u
Has proved Itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Ings Advocate.
W, E. Gowuxo, H. G. W, Bbaithwait
President
whipped about r tlio West on
W. A. HODGINS
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short hand. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell ing. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
¦Bad Acc ident—On Tuesday last a very aérions accident befell Mr. Hugh E. Brownlee, who owns and occupies the Win. Wilson farm at the west end of the village gf Brownlee, assisted by Mr. Fred Richardson, a neighbor, were loading hay in the field, using a hay loader, attached to the rear end ot the waggon. The victim of the accident was on the ground, shaking out some hay, while his companion was on the load, driving the horses. In some manner he lost his grip of the reins, and they fell to the ground. The horses started to run and Brow nlee attempted to stop them with the fork he was using ; but he was struck by the neckyoke and knocked down and the team and wagg passed right over him. One 1 was badly broken below the knee by the w heels, and worse still, one of the teeth of the loader, com in behind, caught the uuper part of the same leg near the nip and inflicted a deep and very serious wound. Geo. Prendergast, w ho witnessed the accident, hurried to the village for a doctor, and l)v. Powles at once resjionded, and was soon in attendance and applying first aid remedies summoned from the city and arrived same evening to minister to the imtient’s needs.
Mr. Norman Brownlee (Hugh’s brother) who was enjoying an outing at the North Branch, with liis w ife, when apprised of the accident, came into town Wednesday evening, and arranged to have hvs brother taken to hospital by train next morning, which arrang was accordingly carried out
Mr. Brownlee's injuries are considered very serious, and fears are entertained that complications may set in which w ill be difficult to combat. It is hoped, however, that nothing of this nature will eventuate.
SHAWVILLE
PERSONAL MENTION
Principal
Mr
Miss Ardley. of Montreal, spent a week at the Bert Hodgius home.
Miss Hattie Smiley, of Ottawa, siient the week-end with her sister, Mrs. C. XV, Hodgius
Births
NEW HOME
WILLIAMS’ FLY EXTERMINATES
At Carman, Man., July 30th, to Mr. and Mrs. Fred Stephenson, a daughter. Both well.
On August 4th, to Mr. and Mrs. Kilgour, of the 7th line, a
1301 Sparks Street
Opposite 11 The Citizen Building’ Bryson Graham's Eastern entrance
and
Mrs. XV. Fyfe, returned home again last week after enjoying a few days with Ottawa friends
Jos
WILLIS BUSINESS COLLEGE
daughtei
Miss Bell Bartley spent the week at Bristol and attended the big
event on Monday.	,	u,	v«... »»«.=.	...v...
Mrs. Willie Proud foot and her munitions and money, says Food two children are visiting her sis-1 Controller Hanna, ter, Mrs. S. E. Hodgius.
T. K. Hodgius, of Ottawa, spent the week-end at Yarm and returning on Tuesday.
has moved to new and
“At first the call was for men, LARGER PREMISES
I In Commercial Chambers Now the cry ; With entrance at 1391 Sparks Street, is for men, munitions and food. Everybody Is enthusiastic and we have
now THE FINEST SCHOOL QUARTERS IN CANADA, A FIT HOME
for Canada's premier shorthand
Oil
Vg
Rev. Mr. Russell, who officiated St. Paul’s and Holy Trinity,
Mr#. Irwin Kelly of North Bay, iSiSSth^RTOtor'‘wilî'toïe the and «•ommeu, <ai. «hool. (ireen Lake nd Dg ^ 8Mminer service# again next Sunday.	J r,jte
Miss Pearl Smyth of the Motor Rev. Rinaldo Armstrong, who is Co., spent the week-end at her visiting his home at Green Lake, home in Kinburn.	/ took the Methodist services last
Mr. C. A. L. Tucker, Station Sunday in the absence of Rev. Mr. agent, ami family arc holidaying [Tripp, who went to Montreal la>t at present»
Mrs. Geo. Hodgius has been visit
X
at
f
The best lice and vermin destroyer. A perfect disinfector for closets, stables, etc., in quarts, half gallon and gallons.
Phi nci pal.
Keep a record of your outings, your children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have a complvtv stock from
H. Imison.
week
61.86 up
A nurse was
,	.	w u» i Car owners do not take very
« Jie,rv pV*ter’ Mrs. Jas.	Steele,	kin(lly to	that alleged	gravel
South Onslow.	which has	been dumped	on the
Miss Irene Shaw, who has been	road leading from here to	Starks
teaching at Neville, Sask.,	during	Corners.	Rather than	wade
the past year, is home on vaca- through it, most of them take the I.	round-about way of Murrells and
Miss Mamie Donaldson, Ottawa, the Bryson road to reach Portage is visiting friends in town this I du Fort. It has been said that week.	good roads along with other
Miss Alva Turner, who has been modern transportation ^cihties, attending business college at Ot-1 have conti ibilled materially in t
K birn,ll“' " ,e ysisss < n Æ. tu."
was among the arrivals in town u,,HOt criticism.
last week.	Shawville citizens divided their
Mr. E. J. Turner. Ottawa, who is patronage on Friday evening last
... O»,...... r««. **«« %% tSSKAite; b m”L?£
A new competition at Full Fair*	week.	ing nearest, getting the larger pro-
has been instituted this year, Mr. Ivan Thomson came up from portion of the crowd. Both events which should evoke a keen interest the city Monday evening and at- are said to have come off very among our boys and girls on the tended the social at the Brick successfully, the weather being farms who are to become the fu- Church.	very favorable, although a trifle
ture producers of the country, Misa Hattie Way. of Campbells 'f™l for out door functions, let
Torpedo Fly Catchers Wilson’s Fly Pads
Tanglefoot
Swatters
Coat Lost.—On Sunday, July 22nd, a man’s black suit coat, somewhere in the vicinity of Radford. Finder will oblige by leaving at this office.
mg
tion
FOR SALE—A number of young pigs 3 and 4 week* old. Ready for delivery Apply to J. J. Sly, H R. No. 2, Shawville
Perfect Seal
Improved Gem
ement
FOR SALE—One second hand 6 ft. cut Massey Harris Binder. A good bargain. Apply to Austin McDowell, Shawville.
SEALERS PER DOZ.
Pints $1.00 Quarts 1.20 H. gals. 1.40
Pints 90c. Quarts 1.10 H. gals. 1.25
FOR SALE—Purebred Berkshire Hog one month old, at reasonable price Apply to Sam Horxkr, Caldwell, Que.
FOR SALE—1 driving horse rising 6 rears, will weigh about 100U lbs ; 1 single buegy, 1 cutter and seS of harness, all new and will be sold reasonable. Anply to Mrh. W. Burton, (Austin) R R No. 2.
(CONCRETECULVERTS. PIPES AND ^ curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T McDowell & Son. Shawville Que.
Dominion. Crystal Granulated
Sugar Farawaz.
\ gal. Jars 1 gal. Jars
very ravoraoie, aiinougii <
themselves for that most ^import- s),e intends spending a few months " °ich humanity had just passed,
, visiting friends in Caiman. Port- on® Mt dkpowd to gronvh at
a mu f a Ppuipin nnrl nthpr U Pftfpr 11 |	chlMO 111 Rt niGHpIltnC COIlCll-
TheShawville Presbyterian
rskSeh
;1	1	¦
net-ke Mure date uf Fair.	lend mother.	change# aie undertaken.	o er'
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like frame*!. Call and see sample*. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imihon.
25c.
35c.
?
High Quality Can Vinegar
W. L. and B. Proof
45c. gal
«I»
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###

sr/îs
ûiswtm
&ZO
detective on board, and it should be a matter for him to look into at once. Have him come to my cabin and 1 will arrange matters with him/*
The Sphinx was among the first passengers to gain the upper deck the officers had prevented others from hurrying to the scene when Mrs. Phillips first created the uproar. Hut a word of explanation from Kelly got him quickly past the sentinel.
“The captain is looking for you, sir/' said the mate. “He would like to see you in the cabin." And Kelly straightway accompanied the ship's officer to the captain’s cabin.
When matters were explained Kelly agreed to take up the case was still several hours in > might operate before the steamship reached quarantine and still later be docked.
II If 4 !
D
»

4
I
itou:
\
1
aa
QONjT **âkV,nr

i
»
riEEtit
roof Uftf Inflammable
W
the
MASK
fy (iraco (xuvcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film
Mfg. Co.
te
no
!
M
A
IN
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.

i
I S
I
Lesson V. Combustible*.
It is necessary for health that the diet should have variety. All five of the principal elements of food should be present In each day’s allowance, though It is not necessary that each meal should consist of all five. We have already learned the function of each kind of food. Proteins are necessary for building and repairing of tissues
body processes
(starches and sugar) supply heat and energy. Fats are needed for energy and lubrication. Water is a necessary part of the blood stream and for the elimination of waste.
It we take an excess of some of these elements into the body, certain results follow. In the case of protein, the body retains only the amount needed and rejects the remainder, which process often overtaxes the liver and kidneys. In the case of carbohydrates, the excess is stored in the form of fat In the case of fats, the result is to raise the temperature of the body unduly in hot weather
All these forms of food are called combustibles, because they are burned, i.e., they unite with oxygen in the body. The blood carries oxygen which
4
im
it obtains from the air breathed pure air is dangerous because it does not contain a sufficient amount of oxygen.
The amount of food required for combustion differs very greatly with the age, condition and occupation of the individual is needed by the young and growing
child##	WÊÊÊKÊM
sons require much less. Persons engaged in heavy out door work require more than those of the same age whose work entails less physical exertion .
A calorie is a term, used to express food value, and denotes the amount of heat necessary to raise one pound of water four degrees Fahrenheit. The average adult requires daily from 2600 to 3000 calories. If food |||||||	#¦
as it should be, by the calorie and not by weight and measure, we would be in a position to judge whether we were really receiving true food value for our money
of rice costing 10 cents contains 1,691 calories, while one pound of potatoes at 8 cents contains 370 calories, and one pound of round steak at 26 cents contains 890 calories.
There which he
Pi
s>
-111 do what I can, captain/' said the Sphinx when he finished his interview with the master of the ship. “The woman was foolish to have so much valuable jewelry about her when ^¦^^¦safe place to deposit it with
#
Tflfl FED
oaf
OB
The largest amount
i
to
H
Ottâwa,
Mineral salts regulate the
Carbohydrates
Middle-aged and elderly per-
SEVENTH EPISODE.—(Cont'd.)
Neither Pat nor Phil Kelly knew there is a
that the other was on board until the, th?,JEVlrfc.r.	.	. . . , ,	„	.,
«hip was well out to sea. They met "That I have already told her, said
on the companion-wav leading to the the captain. And we employ you saloon at dinner time. The surprise only because we want to do what we was mutual	can for a passenger in distress.
Pat took Kelly's extended hand and The Sphinx had no doubt as to who passed a few little pleasantries, while had taken the pearls. But there was her aunt proceeded to their table. Just no proof, merely upon his own sus-at parting the Sphinx remarked:	picions, he was averse to proceeding.
“You have me completely puzzled, He watched Pat while sne was at Miss Montez. I can never quite tell breakfast with her aunt and instruct-wnether you are working writh or ed his assistants to report her move-against me."	ments immediately thereafter.
Pat bestowed one of her bewitching when word came to him thatTat smiles upon Kelly, as she replied: had gone down to the second cabin, “Perhapsf in America, you can make Roily waited near the companion way up your mind definitely." Then she until she returned. She was carrying hurried on to dinner, leaving the a ha by in her arms and proceeded Sphinx more in doubt than ever. at once to her own stateroom.
In the days that were consumed in Kelly waited a few moments and the ocean voyage Pat found opportu- then> directing his assistants to follow nity to interest herself in a case that him the Sphinx made his way to Pat's particularly appealed to her warm- stateroom and knocked upon the door, hearted and charitable disposition. There was uo anwaer when he first The discovery was made quite by ac- rappeci upon the panel, but upon
cident.	knocking a second time Pat invited
Among the passengers she had no- |lim to enter
lived a young man and his wife who, The Sphinx opened the door and seemed to be particularly objection- stepped into Pat's stateroom. His as-able, in their manner, to all of their si^tants remained outside, awaiting fellow passengers. The woman was particularly diffident and self-satis-
I
HELP WIN THE WAR
It Lb the duty of every subject of the Allies to help win the WAR, and they can best do tt by preventing WASTE and storing up for the COMING WINTER aD rood products, especially those perishable foods such as fruits and vegetables.
were sold,
This can be accomplished easily by using one of the NATIONAL CANNING OUTFITS. With the aid of one of these all kinds of fruits, com. peas, tomatoes and beans can be cooked, which will keep indefinitely when properly prepared.
Our No. 1 JUNIOR NATIONAL for family use has a capacity of from 200 to 400 cans daily or glass iars of proportionate amount. These outfits can be put right on a cook stove. Price $26.00,
We have larger sizes for hotel use, and still larger sizes for commercial use.
We have also Evaporatore of varloua sizes for evaporating every kind of fruit, apples, peaches, pears, berries, potatoes, etc.
Write for full particulars, giving size required, to
The Brown, Boggs Co., Limited, Hamilton, Ont.
For example, one pound
Home-Made Pickles.
crock to prevent evaporation must be taken that the vinegar 1b at least two inches above the pickles. This amount of viifegar will do for fifty medium-sized pickles.
Sweet Pickle
Care
i
, f o b. Hamilton.
Dill Pickles.—Select cucumbers of a medium size, using only those that are perfectly solid. Make a strong brine solution that will float an egg. Bring to a boil and then cool. Line that bottom of the utensil with grape vine leaves. Now place a layer of salt
.tZSSSMS S= cownwcnroi un-ed m,
Her attention was attracted to a par- _	_	_	_	~	..... then sprinkle lightly with salt and
ticularly bright and winsome baby ^ork of the Canadians Behind the cover vrith dill; add six bay leaves.
that a forlorn-looking little mother	Front Lines.	Repeat this operation until the vessel	_______________________
P.;t:7a.u....f*Sw.~”:= **«««shunt«.wo»,»™
overhead with » messagt for h	weight on the vessel's cover. Now ,then cook for five minutes. Add the
cessant!y—.while every once in a_»he. yr ^ prepare(j brine and get prepared pickles and cook for ten minone of his lands somewhere near You ^	needed. Care must be «tea after the boiling starts. Remove
generally hear	c°m'n* “ „ taken that the brine does not evapor- ®nd seal in jars dr crocks. To seal
have a few seconds to throw yourself ^ Cut a root of horse-radish in in crocks, etc., place two thickness of in a shell hole and are generally safe ^ piece8 anj place jt among the absorbent cotton over the top of the
unless he makes a direct hit. lhe pirkles. This will prevent the brine Jar, then cover with paraffin paper, company 1 am with are budding a frQm forming a mold	Tie with a stout string.
light railway behind our mes up to, Cucumber Pickle*. — Wash the Mustard Pickle.—Prepare twenty-
the trenches to take the s v s >ou “rt pickles and prepare the crock by put- five medium-sized cucumbers and place helping to make, and all other sup- tjng in R layer of galt and theo ad(1 in a brine for three day*. Remove
p ies. I have been transterre ^ | the pickles; cover with brine that will ' and wash and then cut as desired headquarters as stretcher bearer and
Prepare forty email cucumbers by placing them in brine that will float an egg, for three days. Drain, then wash the pickles in cold water; now place in a porcelain preserving kettle the following quarts of cider vinegar, one quart of water, four cupfuls of brown sugar,
developments
(To be continued.)
fied
*
Two
was
ROYAL ROAD TO HEALTH
/
a nee able story
Description of Work Done by Faithful Laughter is the Worlds Friend and
Best Health-Promoter.
Johann Gottlieb, who has bien in Aids to health are constantly finding charge of the war dogs of the Ger- their ways into various periodicals, man army, gives an enlightening de- ; Lengthy articles are composed, which scription of the work of these faith-1 dilate upon the advantages of plain ful animals on the firing line. He water over other beverages; the ex-say a:	traordinary value of fresh air; and
“When a war dog is loosed from the which also tell you what wholesome leash holding him and receives the food really does consist of. command ‘Find wounded/ he rushes in They all seem to miss, however, a the direction indicated. He noses far greater benefactor than any of around through fields, forests and these, and that is—laughter.
Moved by his instincts of « Hygienic experts can say whut they
like; but they will never compose a diet, or discover a better health-promoter, than good, hearty laughter. Laughter carries everything before It sweeps away the “blues/* shakes up the old bones, and stirs ne w life into every corner of the brain.
It fills the lungs with good, puie, new air, and drives out all the bad, im-
It is the world’s
Animals In German Army

/
- %
3
can



V
' Veen on this job four days or rather Heat very slowly until just below the ounce of celery seed, two quarts of , no‘hln.K 18 »* hand, the dog, return-
I	: EPS
E out on tup of the hill, that is seventy- ounce cf whole pepper, one ounce of . then bring to a boil and cook for five- man-	e .ma\fr en a! fns , i Aeilii f i,lieeiA,mie in-iu-n*.
serted, after the man she loved had shelled out. it gets pretty monotonus. the vinegar and cover the top of the after placing in jars befose sealing. »i«nll»r	manner, battlefield, are mg. face-distorting laughter
betrayed her, and she was now fol- Wp s1t,pl) most Gf tbe tjme	I	searched for wounded soldiers, re-1 That s the only royal road to health
lowing him to America, using the last Thuf far we have had no one hurt '	'	----------------—------------------------gardless whether the fallen men are
< t the fortune she once possessed to	. The j ast ^in a few	A FINNY ACROBAT.	way through the swiftly moving ra- friends or enemies.
prov.de for her transport..>cn. , ,, ,	we were repairing ro^is	--- pid, and over the falls. In leaping “Very often the presence of
first class"withri the womiin v.'ho is when a shell got a section of our pla- The Leaping Salmon of Newfoundland they seem to be most successful when wounded soldier is not discovered , jnvenUd
wearing pearls and diamonds, pur- toon, wounding six and killing two	jg	Agile of Fishes.	water at the hase of the fall is til the dogs have >een set loose. The -
chased with the money he induced me men, while two of the wounded died	, _ ,	deep. In some of the rivers of Last-	visual faculty of the dog as a rule is
tu give him when I believed in him/* iater. “C" Co., which was on this	Salmon are the acrobats of the fish	ern Canada the falls are beyond the	not greater than that	of man; in fact,
said the woman. And as she watch- job jast week or week before, lost	family. It is a regular thing for them	reach of the salmon and “ladders’*	the very opposite is	true. However,
ed the passengers walking on the up- f.ft Vasunlties. so vou see we have	to ,eaP from the bottom to the top of	have been built to assist them. Several	his sense of hearing	is very marked,
per deck she pointed out to Pat the .	* iuvkv Comint: to work this w*U?r falls from ten to twelve feet pools, one higher than another, make and, above all, the sense of smell.
T'Ln woman w.io were sv v.npopu-	had a eDiendid view of the hi*h- They have been photographed it p08gible for the fish to ascend by Even when a wind blows most un-
às	srttttSi-isu —....
flashed hatred. And then she told star lights, etc., evidently expecting land- a magmfictnt stream pursuing a ped and speared, but these methods the nose on the ground, or raised in Pat he. story, in full detail. When an attack. It is a good thing we	course through the grea\ lake known	have been abolished. Now fishing for	the air, the dog sniffs	and rapidly ex
she had finished Pat pressed a roll of have plenty of shells, it certainly	afl ^eer P°nd* and lapping the bases	them with a line is a sport that men	amines a remarkably	extended area
bids into the woman’s hmd aid raid:	the lives of a	manv men* of precipitous cliffs, is popular with	the ocean to indulge in.	In order to accomplish the,work per-
Americ/" ^	We gCt to two ^ople m it	** found •"«“>*"« the river, and .. | -Waste makes want" is a proverb days."
' It was decided between Pat and the Everything is quiet now. 6.30 and	jump the fall, six or eight of that is being much quoted nowadays,
woman that the baby and its mother not a gun firing anywhere, while the ***»	»een out of the water at and . thorough campaign against
should be sure to rvmain out of sight,	birds	are singing all round.	the eame tln?*; K '* * 'M*»**,.	we,te wlU *** *****	Gardening Is an old, old story
that Phillips might not know he was	4	interesting picture—but a difficult	one	, ,f a gprig of pa„ley	is dipped	in	j, related that nearly twenty centuries
being watched and followed.	Harnardo	Boy a	Major	to transfer to a photograph plate.	Not	vinegar and eaten afUr	an paion	no	»*° p,iny th« elder summed It up	in	a
On the night the steamship passed	_	Harnardo	Ho,	Ma,ar.	onl, human fishermen but seal.	a.	unpleasant odor from the breath
Nantucket lightship, with good assur- The Duke of Somerset, at the an* well, make sport of catching the aa ^ detected, a nee of landing in New York the next nual meeting in London of Dr. Bar- mon in the pools below the falls , and morning, Pat made her move.	nardo's Homes, spoke of the splendid often at night their peculiar crooning
the deck was deserted when Pat patriotic spirit displayed by the boys, may be heard, stealthily approached the door of the specially among those who had been ^HHHMHEHEHEEH “|
7, ,'^* w.Thf-«tnJnh,i	migrated to the overseas dominions, ascend the river to spawn in fresh
with a hunk, to keep d partly open Nine thousand five hundred and sixty ter. Some of them are unable to surPat quietly unhooked the door and en- five Bernardo boys are known to be in mount the highest falls and leap until tered the room. She soon emerged, the army and navy and mercantile exhausted, when they die in the wa-and as stealthily as she had entered, marine,. 6,626 of these being in the term below. The others finally reach proceeded to her own room.	overseas contingents. “Barnardo their spawning grounds and after lay-
She had dressed in her Apache cos- boyB bave in most of the naval ing their eggs return to the salt wa-tume. to give freedom of movement. engagementa. Several have been men- ter. After spawning, though, they are
W	il:. «•;-* i»d,,p.tch,,;.i,M|my,5.in; very Ie.m_.nd undesirable. The young
capacious pocket a string of immense- ^ th# Military Medal, one the D.S.M.,1 fish remain two or three years in the ly valuable pearls.	and one was recommended for the fresh water before seeking the ocean
At daylight many of the passengers V.C., but died before he could receive with its many perils.	i
were awake and moving to watch the the coveted honor. Eleven have gain- It ^ in the fallow running waters pilot come aboard. Th#*rr suddenly ^ commissions—one has reached the cf these streams that the eggs are
2=Z3 f-.-Knii. “IS ...................... -»•- .	•* *,««* -	-• hr «. ;
that she had l>een robbed of her pearls	-----TZ------T7 ,	. "other laying on her side and plough-1
Officers of the steamship quieted A cement made by melting alum in ing a channel by energetic motion# of
ai they could rush hot water has been found serviceable her body. Into this trough the eggs
I in mending broken Ivory.	are deposited, after which the parents |
Doctor: “Have you been drinking heap a considerable gravel over the hot water an hour before each meal, as eggs where they lay until hatched, il directed?” Patient: “Doc. I tried which time varies from seventy to 160 .
I hard to d# R, bet I had te ###t drank for fifteen minutes, and K made feel like a balloon.”
ii
f?
¦
Promote real laughter—the genuine
Not
Listened to the Woman's Story
«
A combination seat and dam for a a bathtub, to keep the water in one end of the tub if desired, has recently been
un
l Milt/.»

\
i
I
s
A haUmel end Insurer re
ft ^
with


thsre le no Ucel ledw e# Ckoeen f rjw* »r <L.irvt. ep*#SSSt !• Mg ®i Ik#
1%
It
A K M. M.D.,
tfcCwnpbelî Crend Ore-
sentence of just six words : “Dig deep; manure well; work often.”
can
HAMILTON . ONTARIO
The salmon come from the sea Jmt
z
>
r
D
A
A*
has never been offered as “just as good” as some
famous brand ; for Sixty Years it has itself been that more famous brand—and deservedly.
"i*f Redpath Swmmten it "
Made in one grade only—the highest I
>
7)



the woman as

SWT1
more
to her assistance. “We are not res;

j •
libie for your said the captain
Will do all we

« I


the
can to help you find them ' Turning to one^of his c plain 'aid:
"We have Sphio
13
er» the
10. 20, 50 a«d Htflb! Bags.
fish
otherwise they coukJ not make their

the famou
M

/ »

###PAGE###3###
WON VICTORIA
CROSS TWICE
“Shucks!" he said, with an involuntary chuckle. “That’s pretty cute."
And he «wore by all the leave* In the tree.
And all the pig* In the pen.
That hi* wife could do more work In a day
Than he could do In ten.
—Youth’s Companion.

»
fj?bz> t/te
I#

BQYSl® girls
/

REMARKABLE EXPLOITS OF AN
AUSTRALIAN.
\
y
*
AN OPINION OF GERMANS.
¦V/
/

I$y Chae. M. Bice, Denver.
Mr. Carl W. Ackerman, a distinguished representative of the United Press, and a very trustworthy correspondent, filling the important station
of chief of staff, was stationed at Ber- How an Australian lias tipped over lin from the beginning of the war and British precedent and won the Vic* until diplomatic relations were sever- tori a Cross twice is vividly told in a ed with Germany. He had unusual recent report by the War Office opportunities of observing how things heroic battler who has earned this shaped themselves in the Hun capital distinction Is Lieut John Jaclta, of
In the introduction to his book “Germany the Next Republic,” he Jacka. the British Intelligence Office says: “At the beginning of the war I at London says :
was sympathetic with Germany, but “First, there Is the account of how my sympathy changed to disgust as I Jacka won the V.C. the first time. At watched developments in Berlin that time he was a lance corporal of change the German people from world the 14th Australians at Anzac, com citizens to narrow-minded, deceitful manded at that time by Colonel tools of a ruthless government. I saw Courtney.
Germany outlaw herself. I saw the “On May 18, after three weeks of effects of President Wilson’s notes. I continuous fighting, during which the saw the anti-American propaganda battalion had lost 75 per cent, of its begin. I saw the Germany of 1916 effectives. Sanders Pasha made his disappear, and the birth of a lawless great attempt to drive the Anzacs Into Germany take its place.”	the sea. He sent the forks against
This is Mr. Ackerman’s opinion of the attenuated Anzac line In over the Germany of to-day.	' whelming force, and the chief fury of
The seeds of democratic thought the attack was concentrated on the which. Wilson sowed in Germany are line from Quinn's post to Courtneys, nevertheless taking root in her soil.; Not a Turk got through the Anzac
the imperial government had	% * *l!^!!!!|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l
frightened the people into a belief
that too much thinking would be dangerous for the fatherland, the U.S. overcoming the two or three men who
would not to-day be at war with the held It. The wounded officer managed
«—*"*• «-» - *“¦» iæ .°». JX»
trench alone with fixed bayonet, and,
First V.C. Won In Battle With Turks and Second In Leading Charge Against Germans.
“Very well," answered the fairy. “I will look again."
So she put the gold ax head down the bank and disappeared in the water again, and all the woodman saw was a ripple of light on the river. Soon she came up, holding in her hand an ax head of shining silver.
“Is this your ax head, my k<»<»<1
man?" she asked.
“No, no, that is very beautiful, but It is not my old ax. Mine is made of strong steel. "
“Very well," answered the fairy. “I’ll put this silver ax head down on the bank and look again for your ax head."
Then she went out across the water
and sank from his sight,
The Honest Woodman.
From the Fable of La Fontaine.
« »
4
Vft
There was a poor woodman who worked very-hard in a forest, day this woodman was chopping down a tall tree near a river. “ChopI Chop!
Chop!” rang out his ax, as he brought It against the tall tree trunk; when suddenly, as he swung his ax up high over his shoulder, the top of his ax flew off and went splash into the water. As it was made of steel of course It was very heavy and it sank down to the bottom of the river. The poor woodman looked sad and said:
“What can I do? How can I earn my daily bread without my good ax to help me?"
As he sat there grieving, he saw a ripple of light upon the water. He rubbed his eyes.
“Am I dreaming?" he said. But, as he looked again, he saw a wondering the w fairy. She was dressed all in a shimmering gown which seemed to be every color of the rainbow, and on her long golden hair she wore a crown of seaweed. She came toward the woodman and spoke in a soft voice, that •ounded like a rippling river:
“My good man, why do you look so sad ? "
“I have lost my ax—my strong, steel ax head," he answered. “It fell into the river and I know not what to do, for I can no longer chop down the trees to earn my daily bread."
“Do not grieve, good woodman," said the fairy, “for I will try to And your ax head," and she went down into the water and soon she came up and held out her hands toward him, and in one hand he saw an ax head of solid gold.
“My good man, is this your ax?" she asked.
He looked at the gold and answered:
“No, that is very beautiful, but it is not my old ax. Mine was a strong steel ax head."
*****
One
on
The
the 14th Anzac Infantry.
Of the remarkable exploits of Lt.
î
¦*->. JS
%
once more and all the woodman saw was a ripple of light on the river.
This time, when she came back to iman, she held in her hand his
old steel ax head.
“Is this your ax?” she asked.
“Yes, yes, that is my very own
“Thank you so
Ml
mm

ÛM





r
Hell


mm
1

ax
OfiHEi

rÆmmE
head!” he answered much for finding it for me!”
Then the fairy took the gold and
“Did you not


silver axes and said know that these other ax heads are far more valuable than your old steel
one?”
“Yes,” said the woodman; “but the gold ax was not mine, nor was the silver one. I am sure they are worth a great deal of money; but how can I claim them when they are not my own?”
“Well done, honest woodman,” said the fairy ; “truth is far more precious than silver or gold, and because you have told me the truth I should like to make you a present of these two ax heads, for they belong to me.”
Thm the fairy placed the gold ax and the silver ax in the hands of the astonished woodman, and she was gone	the water^pjMj^HHj
saw wbl the ripple of light
Our Commander-in-Chief and France's Minister of War
VBW and exclusive photograph of General Sir Douglas Haig, (left) com.
mander of the British forces in France, and M. Palnleve, new French Minister of War. This photograph, which has Just arrived In this country, made at the British headquarters on the French front
• But at Courtney's a number got Into a small communication trench,
will make the people realize that
would proclaim hie	defeat. With the ^hat	ia	a military defeat, a defeat	vancing. Some of hie comrades rushed
best broom, an old	shirt and a	liberal	^ the	battlefields of the kaiser, von	to his assistance,
amount of soap, he scrubbed the floor Hindenburg Bnd the Rhine valley am-
vigorously, ^nd in	so doing he	learn-	munitiolK	interests. Only this will	“You keep them here,' said Jack#
( ! why Mrs Shaw	h.vl sifcch**«i	i >r a	g^a^e	public confidence in the na-	to Lieut. Crabbe, 'and I will take them
new floor.	tion’s leaders. Only a destroyed Ger- &t the other end of the trench.’ Rush-
The little boy front across the creek	army leadership will make the iDg around, he fell ou the astonished
looked into the kitchen twi.--» i :r :ng	r^ae up and overthrow the Turks from their rear like a lion.
group of men who do Germany’s poli- Five he shot down, and two more he tical thinking to-day. Mr. Ackerman's killed with bis bayonet. Three more views confirm our estimate of the Ger were driven out of the trench Into the
that hands of the men who were guarding
now

hired girl would waste more than she would earn.”
The first dinner of the new maid’s serving was also her last in the house of Shaw. Mrs. Shaw had for some reason chosen to take her luncheon with her, so that she did not return from the lower meadow for dinner.
The meal was late and of poor quality.
The biscuits were burned, the potatoes
z." »., w™ »*. "y~h ... .pu.-
work thal he had always relegated to c.dmon already had got them.
¦ 1 ¦ ¦ |the hired man was far warmer and „Ma „„d to> „„ our floor> awful>«
On her way back to the house she harder than running a tractor; so he the b a(jde(j sympathetically; “but stopped in the implement shod and spent a part of the afternoon in tak- nQW gbe dontt WeBHM ¦¦¦ took careful note of the hay loader, ing the maid back to her former abode floorg „
the seed planter and the cultivators, and in searching the neighborhood for ^ *the gecond trip he said: which Cadmon considered as a neces- a suitable man.	„The pjga are in your gardent \
sary part of his equipment.	He could find none, and at last had gueas Mrs. Shaw didn’t fix the fence
“I’d like to learn to run the tract- to be content with bringing home the very g0od. We tried one day, when or,” she said at supper, as Cadmon daughter of a neighbor. But she got we’d chased the pigs out four times, was finishing a very good meal. “It only one meal, gave Mr. Shaw her but we didn’t have enough wire.” looks to me as if It would be a lot opinion of his kitchen, and departed—| Cadmon dropped his work in the easier than housekeeping in this after a little private conversation with kitchen and went out to repair the house.”	Mrs. Shaw.	garden fence.
And then Cadmon said it.	And	then Mrs. Shaw made her pro- °Did Mrs. Shaw tell you to come
“Shucks!” he exclaimed somewhat posai. Smilingly, and in perfect good, up here and tell me these things ?" he
testilv “Housework ain’t no job a- nature as usual, she said.	J _	_
tall It’s just fiddling If I had no can etand lt to run the tractor all “Nope, she didn’t; I remembered more to do than a woman in the right. It doesn’t tire me nearly so, She just wondered what you was go-house, I’d think I was having a vaca- much as you d think; this will be a ing to have for supper, tion. I bet”—he went on, warming to «food time for you to see whether you Cadmon chased a hen half a mile or his subject—“that I could get more can do as much as any three women so, beheaded her and defeathered her. housework done in a day than any wo- you know That way, of course, you Then he had to make another trip to man I ever knew could do in three.”	ru» the seeder some, too
Mrs. Shaw laughed good-naturedly.	unfortunate moment C.dmon hen
and passed him the pie. “If you can a ^ „„t morning Mrs. Shaw got beat any woman in this neighborhood, ^ breakfast, suggested what her I’ll never say any more about labor- ^band should get for dinner, and saving devices. You .how me how to ^ utting gome luncheon into a run thetr.ctor and then we can trade	cheerfully departed for the
work and see.	lower meadow.
“Shucks!” said Cadmon, and thought Cadmon’s plan was to set the dishes that he would do no such thing.	on tbe back of the table, to put the ed.
The next afternoon Mrs. Shaw went food in the cellar, and to do a man’s Cadmon replied in the negative, out early, and again rode behind her Bize job until half past eleven; he in- “I called on your wife a while ago,” lord on the running board of the tended to get dinner in half an hour Mr. Blumbley began diffidently, tractor, and asked more questions and to wash the breakfast dishes “about Dolliver’s washing machine about the machine’s inner works. while the meal was cooking.	and the power chum. I think she’d
“Now to-day let me try,” she beg- But it took him longer to pare the like them, all right. She seemed to ged a few days later.	potatoes than he had anticipated, and think she would. I’m selling them
Cadmon disliked to do it; he had an he began to wish that he liked to eat everywhere. You can attach them to uneasy feeling that the situation was them in their jackets. He also re- your gas engine, you know, and getting beyond his control. But she membered the protests that he had there’s some that even use the tract-was a comely woman and a very new qoade when the first Mrs. Shaw had or. Mrs. Shaw said she’d speak to nd she had brought out with occasionally served them unpared. you. I wonder if she ever did?” her a large slice of very good ginger Then he had to prime the hard- “Yes, she did,” said Cadmon, and| cake. So, although he had no mind to water pump, and before he thought to, looked out toward the lower meadow, exchange work with her, or to be get more water he had used all that The tractor was down at the end of wheedled into wasting any money on was in the house. Since the days of the field, standing still. And hurry-power washers or other “falderals,” the first pioneer Shews the rain water ing toward it across the field was Mrs he let her run the tractor for a few had been drawn from the cistern with Shaw; she was coming from the di-
a pall and a rope. There was a pole I rection of the Blumbley home, for sinking the bucket, but a few min- While Cadmon looked she climbed up
iS§W|| EpSil lilH iüü]
ÈXK % SS SSS !	55 ,= XZTLZrZr £ 5
s “?zr„ ess?* j "«fEhr:.6'™1'”1- sortir* “ z ” ». — «— -
mmmsm
mm#
borne).	ca*urln« =*"
Fell on Their Rear
And all he
man spirit and our conviction	¦
there can be no safety or security for the entrance, under Lieut. Crabbe.
Jacka'* first exploit
the world, and no true freedom for the German people until the criminal and Single-handed, he attacked ten men In futile folly of Prussian militarism a trench and overcame them. In re has been crushed by a decisive victory cognition of his astonishing gallantry for the allies and democracy. Thank and of the great service he had ren-Heaven, the prophetic role is becom- dared, he was awarded a lieutenancy ing a thankless, if not a perilous one, and the first ViC. won at Anzac. in Germany. The imperial govern- “Now comes the second story, and
ment insists on optimistic interpréta- a part of this can be told in Jacka *
The Incident happen
“That was
got hardwood
THE TAMING OF THE
SHAW.
He swore by all the ducke In the pond.
Ami all the leave* In the tree.
That he could do more work In a day Than hie wife could do In three.
“No, sir!” said Cadmon Shaw emphatically. “We cant afford any laborsaving Â
never had ’em, and there wasn’t a better housekeeper in Teahi County.”
The second Mrs. Shaw—this was the fourth honeymoon breakfast of the newly wedded pair—looked at her lord mildly over the coffee cups. Cadmon took a second helping of corn fritters and hoped that his wife was not going to prove unreasonable. Her cooking was good. But he reflected with some uneasiness that the first Mrs. Shaw would never have broached the subject of power machinery or water in the kitchen.
Cadmon knew well the neighbors’ opinion on that matter; they had not been slow to declare that t hard work had sent the first Mrs.
Shaw to her grave.
“Salina was too meek," they said.
“Oh, I guess he never beat her, but it was work, work, work, and pinch and save, and never go anywhere, or have decent clothes, and no company for fear they’d eat extra!”
The second Mrs. Shaw was not a Teahi woman. Cadmon had discovered that the spinsters and widows of Teahi County preferred single blessedness to Shaw penuriousness. It was still his own secret that this was the seeUTld Mrs. Shaw’s third matrimonial venture.
“That tractor machine you’ve got” said Mrs. Shaw, appearing to change the subject, “it works all right?”
Cadmon had bought it instead of a wedding present for his wife. He launched into praise of the new ms- minutes.
chine. He told her what speed he could make with it, and how much bet- the day after Mrs. Shaw had driven ter ploughing he could do. Mrs. Shaw across country to the home of Mr. was an excellent listener; she drew Shaw’s sister to return that lady a him on. Cadmon cleared his plate and Ar*t call; but Mr. Shaw did not con-mopped up the gravy with a biscuit nect the two incidents.
“I suppose”—Mrs. Shaw spoke with “How lucky I know how to drive a tone of mild curiosity—“your father the tractor!” said Mrs. Shaw. “1 can just had a walking plough. Wouldn’t j draw the harrows with It just as well he have been glad to have such &# not And you can drive the horns a labor-saving thing? He did just to the seeder am the man did. I’d just have a walking plough, didn’t he?” ss soon as not. It’s most like running
Cadmon looked shy ply at his wife, an automobile, but she was passing him the plate of “You see it would be cheaper to cookies and her face showed no guile, got a woman to do the cooking and
During . the forenoon Mrs. Shaw housewojk than to get another hired washed the dishee, carried them into man,” she went on. “Your lister was the buttery, which was up two steps saying that she knew a woman that from the kitchen, churned, using an would like a spell of work. Why not old stone churn, carried the butter hire her and let across the yard and down Into the I'd just as soon as not” spring house, hunted eggs, dug pota- That argument seemr.I sound to toes, washed them, carried two palls Cadmon especially sines the of rain water and three pails of well was getting late for feeding the
tion of all augurs and omens, but is own language notably inefficient in providing veri- ed in France. On the night of Aug. o, fication for prediction. It was pro- Lieut Jacka. with forty-four men of phesied that the U-boat war would the Fourteenth Battalion, was Sent bring Great Britain to her knees by to relieve the Anzacs (who were hold-July 1, and that the retreat from the ing an advanced trench to the north Somme would pave the way for a bril-j east of the village of Pozieree
liant and decisive coup by von Hin-denburg. That the allied offensive was at an end on the western front. Hays That the U S. would not participate in gheI, hole8 j0ined by some shallow ex-the war beyond the mere lending of caVRtton.’
money and sale of supplies to the al- ]	44Before they had been there half
lies. That Russia would make a sep-___________
arate peace, and If not, she would dis- bombardment which precedes a caun-integrate politically and economically, ter attack; but they kept it up for and would never strike another blow hours. Of the forty-four men, seven the Eastern front.
These are a few of the prophetic ventures of the inspired oracles at coming, the enemy rushed to the at-Berlin, and every one of them has fail- ^ck. A good lot of them; there may ed. How long will it take the Ger- have been goo; The Anzacs stood up people to discover that they are and fought to atop their rush; fought being fed on lies? Only the most rig- w|th ay the fury of men hard beset, censorship of all unfavorable «But they went right over us They be responsible for the state |eft behind them only seven sound
In addition to the lieutenant. He
The first Mrs. Shaw
vices
asked the boy.
“Went Right Over Us."
It was not so much of a trench, the lieutenant, 'a* a number of
# #
the well to get water for scalding the
hour the Germans began a sort of
an
While he was debating the best method of dismembering the creature, Stephen Blumbley, from across the road, looked in at the door. Stephen augmented the earnings from his small farm with the agency for Dol-liver’s labor-saving devices.”
“Did you send for me?” he inquir-
Idlled and four were wounded.
In the first dusk of early
on
were “Then
much

man
orous
news can
of ignorance of the German people as to the real situation of their empire.
But there are signs that the truth is beginning to percolate through to goes on, ‘and formed up In groups ' the lower strata, and that the people in this moment the lieutenant con-are awakening, when they demand trived to send a 9.0.8. back for help, the overthrow of Hollweg and others In the fight going on behind him the of the war council, if not of the kaiser greater numbers prevailed, and the himself, which rumor persists in af- Germans took a considerable number firming.	of Anzac prisoners Then they began
to make their way back.
men was wounded.
** ‘They halted behind us/ the tale
wif
Cost of Bread In the U. S.
Bread prices in the United States have advanced approximately 27 per men to fix bayonets, and followed suit cent, since January 1st, according to himself with the rifle of one of his statistics compiled from official dead men. If we stay here they are
The result was arrived at by bound to capture us,' he explained, and
Charge of the Eight
“The lieutenant ordered his seven
And then the hired man quit. It was
His
help outdoors?
mention of exchanging work with him. So, after a futile attempt to get a new man by way of a neighbor's tele (hone,—he had always considered a
tatoes,. split
a cake.
a kindling and baked
h « r g '
and went mit
apron for a white one, the fields to the
It was that not one
warn on the
potatoes, split more

was turning up a wide swath of turf. She f hmbed up behind CadpHHMÉ running board and travelled i field, watrh ng him steer and asking

on the
Then he noticed that the kitchen
Al
floor was la a terrible condition though he had never been overcautious ,onS m ,v f about tracking in mud, Cadmon was a|ed whittle
mechanism
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL SHAWVIILE :
the Cunard company. It is understood that this working arrangement will continue with the (Government. The terminal elevators of the Canadian Northern include five at Port Arthur, which have a capacity of ten million bushels.
IMPORTANT TO
Storing Powdered Coal,
In some places where experiments in-ve been made in using powdered toal for fuel troubles have been encountered from the powder caking or tacking in storage; but it has been ound that, if it is permitted to cool >ff after the drying and pulverising process ami before it is put in stor-ige, large quantities can be kept in i satisfactory condition.
THE EQUITY.
o
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 9, 1917.
FARMERS
E, No. 304, meets 2nd
O. Y, H. LO	I ¦ ¦	¦
Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m
ilr
W. E. N. IionoiNH, Heo. Secy.
O. 0. MvDoweli W. M.
The British and French drive carried plang Working Well for Otta-t last week, in Belgium netted 3,500 uul ten villages, along a front
irly ten miles.
Fanners who are looking forward to purchasing
wa Fair
L. O. L. No. 27, meet» 1st Tuesday of each
month.
Edward Dale.
W. M.
1’resident Stewart MeVlenaghnn, See rotary .1. K. Paisley and other oHirers of the Ventral Canada Inhibition Association are delighted with the way plans jv maturing for the big Ottawa I air, whic h takes place Sept. s to 17 next.
It is frock predicted that the Ottawa Kx will U‘one of the finest on re-eon I. In any event the class hihits will Ik* tip-top. This is already assured by the influx of applications tot
prisoners
Binders For Next Year's Harvest
Reg. HoDOlilfl, Secy.
ROYAL SCAIILKT CHAPTER meets on the llth of each month
H. N. Hoixiins,
W. Comp, in Com
Artificial (irons.
Nearly all artificial gems—that la o say, atones that are really made »y artificial moans—are compounds •f alum crystallized under special onditions. The metallic salts that .re added during fusion determine vhethor the stone» produced shall be apphires, rubies, or Oriental topazes, amethysts, or emeralds.

/
are strongly advised to place their orders at once
nt of the men
Seventy nve per ei Uvtl in the United States first draft
and Accept Delivery This Year
Red, liomiiNs, Coin. Scribe.
nipt ion ] l'hv prt»jH»rti»»n of
tor military for various reasons fliysiviilly unfit men is abnorm-illy hijili
If
in order to take advantage of current prices, they wait for delivery next year, their Binders will cost from forty to fifty dollars more than 1917 prices.
'
ex
Shingles for Sale.
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
II. T. ABOVE,
Shaw ville, Quo.
span
1
Indians ••Potted” Food.
There is some probability in the uggestion that we owe our system •f potted foods to the Indians, who or many years have dried venison, loundvd it into a paste, and pressed t into cakes for winter food.
Hie Military Service (or bonserip
I its s
Xlievdeen l’a vil ion will
The poptilai
nd reading in I lie thronged with a wide variety of
tion) Bill i
tht Senate on Saturday morning l»y a | tiactive exhibits by the leading nier»
chants ihe t Xipital I his i' alw ly s one of the features of the Fair and this year it promises to excel itself.
In the machinery hall will be found a splendid lot of interesting displays in rinding agricultural and farm impie incuts of all kinds with experts demon .strating how the different ideas may In* prat t. ¦ i
will have a large exhibit of \>
bouhl know this,
It is very important that intending pureliasei and thus be in a position to make n very substantial saving in the
s s
majority of after the Bostoek amendment, to defer bringing the bill into ration until after a general election, had been defeated by a majority of Id.
FOR SALE
Von must act
But there is no time for delay
1 may add that all companies will he
affected the same, with regard to the advance in next year's prices.
cost of a New Binder at once to be on the safe side.

30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
K. W. HOIH5INK,
Shaw ville.
First Mass in Ontario.
The first occasion that the Roman Catholics held mass in Ontario was m August 15th, 1415. It was cele-The Dominion Government >r*ted at the spot on Georgian Bay
thi' (ear Penetani iheue, where the vii-
buildiug, while the Marine Department age of Lafoutalno now stands, enterprises will lie illustrated in |mrt by William Hurst, Premier of Oim displays of lighthou
motor lxtats and other nautical essentials. This will be something of an iir-
Ü 1
The vote oil the main motion was
\ rather lively dis
» against took place Indore the vote was
R. J. HAMILTON,

HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Ill
OUR HUMOROUS ARMY
MASSEY HARRIS AGENT.
uid tixtun
sus
> :
fears that shortage of food sup-will hinder the Allies in win-
We must look calmly
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
plies
TOMMIES ALWAYS SEE FUNNY HIDE OF TROUBLES.
novation
The Horticultural building will be 1 fearlessly at the present situation. | well tilled with Uautiful plants and
flowers and as usual the Experimental Farm will occupy a good deal of the space. The children's exhibit from the twenty-four city schools promises to that will hinder her j plove very important as well a> inter
It will be in the Horticultural hall. The Arts building will contain a
titty thousand dollar exhibit, including i-^xERHAPS the most signal
, musteri-iews from the brush,-, ot tin-	vlce that Punch" has ever
Britain in twelve months will Imv to lea.lmg Canailun ftrtist.s.	I rendered to the British Em-
l lie Arts and ( rails. Womens build X	,	. ,, ... .
,	„	.	,	6 ing, will include many new feature* all	pire has been ns d, hghtful
the statement by Kennedy Jones | exhibits U-ing burred by the direct portrayal of the humorous aide of the t- i general of food economy, Great i lirilte In this section of the fair there soldier's life In this anything but Hi> calculation included the willin' the children’s exhibits from the humorous war. And the most popu-at present on hand, the rate of Dominion government Indian schools, lar pght artist of to-day has attained
showing wh.it splendid progress ha his popularity by creating laughter
M* ~d ................. .1, AI	............: <«	*¦ r ~vr
I ii^<n t-« eliminate fissl waste. Canada | Dr. Doughty of the Dominion Arch- imaginary Incidents at the front. Rut
l the United State* are looked to for | ives is planning to make a splendid cx- neither Punch nor Captain Bruce
hiliition of war trophies. All are the ! Baimsfather has ever been more
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn - Last Monday
ot each month.
_ the war
i
tin
CANADIAN PACIFIC
RAILWAY
A Canadian Chaplain Tolls of His Observations at the Front, When* the Men Are Free* and Natural and Where Laughter, Chivalry, anti Pluck Are Seen at Their Best.
there is greater thrift, economy oid conservation of food, there will 1** i xh, i tagv ot supplies to Great Britain oid her Alii
e> of winning the war,” said Pro-1 eMmg

!

FARM LABORERS
1
Hurst
m ici
ser-
»
TO
import five months' supplies, according
t
WINNIPEG
d
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Britain
-
marine losses, the new tonnage t«- lx
— FOR —
Plus .Jc. per mile beyond
Excursions August 16 and 28, 1917
Shawville and District
TO SELL FOR
4 Vit
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Ill
—o—0—0—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Hunting. 1917, and Spring Planting. 1918, including many new varieties which we alone control.
also Stations in tin
From all Stations in the Piovince of Quebec ¦	__ I
Province of Ontario—Hrock ville, Smiths Falls. North Hay and Hast
the five monthV supplies necessary to lie imported.
projierty of the Dominion government humorous than the men who have and are mementoes ot some ot the most given them Inspiration for their famous engagements of the war.	brush and pen. The humor of the
The Bure Food Show will again be British soldier, Indeed, is indcscrib-
,:u^,,n.l„eing»u.st.	STZ
loyalty and rebellion, are working di*a*- ^	;,i Canada. This is something	beauty of a	Mower or the face of a
troudy against the government of that | which	made an immense hit	last year	iPretty girl.	And. by the same *^ken,
country'* efforts tu tarry on the war f ami which should be viewed	by cu-ry	j^ommy^is	no? ma do "to appear hu-
with that vigor which the nations im- Xlsltnl	to the fan. In tlu	dim u i*.	moroug. he	Is humorous—as humor.....: -.... -..................i sz:"	-
t rom the bad waj things havi been the Ontario govvrnnieut . the baby since the Russians made their show,* tin
FARE RETURNING:
per mile to Winnipeg plus $18 t
Mailing point
No change of cars between East and West
on the C P R
—0—0—
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free out-lit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
nul espionage in
Herman mtrigiu
For information apply to nearest Can. I*ac. Agent or to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville
STONE and WELLINGTON {Established 18371
Ontario.
Toronto
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Homeseekers*
Excursions
ot
Everybody will have read by this
moving lucture show and ti Mr. Alfred Noyes other incidental attractions
delightful
story of the two stokers who. in the new build heat of the battle of Jutland, found . ... .mg between lit wick hull and the liorti- time for the discussion of 1,vcll,,ng . nl,lirai hall wi„ U-tilU-l wi,h Xortln-m domestic tragedy, and how one of
jïT tiSs
I new territory in the banner province.
Manager Faishy also announces ti
spectacular drive a few wc
Igures rotund and faces like tne sct-ing sun
hink of lots of men who would provide merriment for a whole division from the mere fact that their special province was water. boritWs did not s< it .horitles, perhaps, are not humorous. Dut we may thank God that we have in army of humorous men.
The writer of the foregoing Is .‘haplain to the 3rd Brigade Cana-llans, and late of St. James' Cathe-Iral, Toronto.
ioss justification .or low . wet though to i md the only th:.ig before them .he night a soaking hold of ti Uut. will you believe me? the sound 1 heard from all around
1’here they v
i
I can

igo, con
The waterman
l ft
The ( )ntari«
eminent s
tid< - «• in the big nations abili to n itself and
a little


wcome a
VtT
But the au-The au-
be men went swinging along v, i; water to their boot-tops, wore ta laughing cries of “Quack! quack! juack!" and the men went at mer rily on as though they were childr n running home from school no time when their sense of hu:~vi I Jails them.	i
A dressing station is scarcely the |	_____
place to look for merriment,	>UR CANNED GOODS NEEDED.
have seen almost as much good hu-1	_______
mor there as anywhere else. < » the other day a man as brought on a stretcher, who had already ceived first aid and was cons dcrrJ covered with bandages everybody’s amusement, the patient popped up his head, while the haulages were being cut nw ay, and s;.U:
“Scissors is great Instruments, ain't they? They save an awful lot of «in binding?” Another man. lying downwards on a stretcher and smok Ing the inevitable cigarette, was car rled to the dressing-table by two stal wart bearers, who Jocularly remark ed that he had “been ridiiV a ’or» an’ It hit ’ira!” an observation tha amused the patient as much as them selves
opportun! Is scarcely ever i *53 “What d'yer call that, Erb man <n-d i<> another as a rat worn-out horse passed us resting on »rnment departments and that lm-a march
three tries yer ran ’ave It!’
The Canadian thirst for c uvenIn behalf of some 2,000 canteens) to Is responsible for many humorous jive all possible preference to the
I was told of a "Trite” who products of the Empire, offers op-
And everybody probably allowed something for journalistic *l	coloring when they read It. But
Sir Lomer Oooin,	the	premier of this I arrangement.-,	have been made for	bend	lb08e of us who get the humor at
,	, i	concert> earn afternoon and evening i rst hand know that there is no r<
province, wants to iia\t .u • • « i n 1 j Tlu* midway will, of course, prove of'exaggeration. What is put on In one
fore conscription comes into force. Then sufficient «pi ility to prove the Mecca for place is lost In another. The condl-
he feels convinced, he says, that if the everyone, ami in front of the grand lions, the situation, the time, the
1 many others	of	his	kidney are cry |	Hie majority	these	entertainers	wiU	Tho t>ouuty of It all is that the
for an appeal	totS	ountry for the j	come direct from tb<	N ïork	Hip	humor is so spontaneous—as pon	. i-,k>- j"	J	“™:
a ray ct hope that m addition ,l life-saving demonstration by the Ottawa laughter of children at their play, -olid Quebec arrayed against the¦ Ure depirtnient. In addition, there And just as it is the capacity for measure there may be a sufficient nunv will lie the horse show, horse races, and laughter in children that makes life
.......
' U>rtrayn»g the heroic t„ wjth a oldness of spirit that 1. M v British, under (teneral at once the astonishment and admir-Mamle. of the fortress ot Kut-hl Amara
ried *er
# M
To Manitoba. Saskatchewan, Alberta anti Hritisli Columbia, May
to < to tuber, 1917#
Good going every I 8tli to October doth, 1917
i l
Tuesday, May
l ue-tiay, may *ui iu tn uiucr .*»m, im« Return limit two lalemlar months from date of sale.
I*
For further particular* apply to
(’.A. L. Tt « K IB, Agent Shawville.
'anadian Trade Commissioner Di"
reels Attention to Good Market.
Mr. Harrison Watson, Canadian Much i. Trade Commissioner, London, in hie
atest report says:	z
“It seems a favorable opportunity !or again directing attention to the îicellent prospects which should iwalt the coming season's pack of Canadian canned fruits and vegetables In this market.
“While It Is true that ordinary commercial transactions are subs tan-daily reduced by existing Import restrictions, upon the other hand tbe /irtual prohibition of sources of eup-outside	Empire
Witticisms abound, and mb or at least a considerable proportion
I the year obviously gives an enor-un« nous advantage to Canadian goods, her vhlle the avowed policy of the Gov-
national will
lilt
tern
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
i at
buy spectacle.
Government Takes over Can. nature by the
Northern Railway	L . |
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to W, a British subject nr a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberts. Applicant must appear in person at Dominion Lands Agency or Sul»-Agency for l>is-trict. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence ui»on and cultivation of land in each of tn In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Brice #3.00 per acre. Duties —Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as SD as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if be cannot secure a pre emp tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
Indeed, It is not
ition of the world ,t°° much to
Ottawa, August 2.—A great step for- j	humor is the secret both of	their en-
uaid in public ownership was taken by	Minutes Clarendon Schools.	durance and their triumph
Government yesterday. Sir Thomas	---- toon in a recent “Punch”	puts the
1 that the Government Board of School Commissioners ot a-hole thine admirably. What a 1 takeover the Canadian Northern Clarendon met July 28th, 1917. Pre- [If®-	r®8t* n° beer, no nuffln.
i	:::
.-mg control, with a view to nlti-1 adopted on motion of ( onus Laugh run lhal it ^oea not transform, mate nationalization of that undertaking | and Tracy.	Here, for Instance, is a quite typi-
cal example of what the humor of our men will do with the most trying
A car
f»
\\
announce#

I
If yer can name it in sortant body, the Army Canteen ¦IBÉHHUHri ^ommittM (which now purchases on
iv
tl
<
ex
ippeared at a hospital without a sin- yortunltles of which it Is hoped Canute button on his clothing; and on idlan packers will take the full ad jelng questioned where they had vantage of which they were so unfor-<one his only answer, accompanied îunatety deprived last summer owing by an eloquent sign, was Kamme- :o the indifferent yield of so many -ad! Canada Ksmmerad!” And this vegetables and fruits.
Is still more humorous:	One of our “The big demand for Canadian
boys (strictly a boy), having taken a armed tomatoes, peas, and pears has Hun prisoner, proceeded to divest resulted from the dislocation of or turn of his belt. But “Frlti” showed tinary sources of supply affected by him, he said, that "be had nothing the war, while owing largely to the q*e to hold his pants up with.” presence of the Canadian Expedition But,” he added, *T guess he went try Force and their families a de >n holding his pants up with his mand has been created for goods
previously very little used In this I have sometimes wondered If country, such as baked beans and
sugar corn.
At any rate, I think that a , “Many of the principal canned great opportunity was missed when , goods importers In London and elee-i certain appointment warn made. I where have already been in touch bad occasion once to present myself, with some of the Canadian packers n company with another officer, be- >f canned fruits and vegetables, but fore a certain town commandant, be frequent additional Inquiries &nd while we were there a third offl- ihat come In betoken the in< r- «*• l
for the same purpose. He interest which Is being evinced In was lean and lanky, pale-faced, and Canada as a source of supply, and ooked decidedly harmless. In a while ordinary business transactions voice as anemic as his face he Intro- &re temporarily limited by the dlffl-luced himself as “The waterman unities of transportation In addition e* And he looked It, every Inch of him. to import restrictions. Canadian
sürs'j.-Æ'rsFs-ii tar.ss&ywiP
5SSSL 2 ss.r.srst ïSiïlSrs s.-»»jtju?
Audit presented for examination. Motion—ConTrs Wallace and Tracy
ret* years
¦aaaa
mated by the Government and tlic rail- Seen tary. ^ f	went on ahead with a billeting
way, and the third to he agreed upon Motion < on* rs 1 racy and alian* party to secure what accommodation by the two ; but should they fail to That Mr. Hades’ bill "I $1.00 for declar- we could for the men for the night, h an agreement, the third arbitrator allons lie jiaid.—Carried.	And we discovered that the only ar-
Motion—Com'rs Wallace and Tracy— rommodatlon possible was a piece of That the notice* for caretaking, fencing 3pen ground already running streams
shed he continued, and the 'M water and up to the boot-tops In
This, we were assured, must
Now

I ? t
iian
I was the
i
B
w ill be appointed by the senior judge of the Exchequer Court Should they find
Ives unable to reach a decision a* and building^^^M^ 1 J
as ssss^usu ....
P..no,*. :z:zi
M. A. MtNl5unrf sheet that might be manipulated as As^. Pcc.-Trea*. t covering overhead. There were. In
iddltlon, some empty shell boxes __	__ irlns about which could be utilised
VILLAGE PROPERTY n one way or another. With this Information ready we awaited the arrival of our respective battalions. If we were soaked through ourse Wee.
lands.”
e—^
of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in l an iuU during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have ton honorai»] «-harped, day priority in applying for entry at local Agent s office (hut not Hub-Agency). Discharge papers must he presented to Agent.
the!
üumor Is as prevalent In higher clr 2 lee


tl

erne Court.
The Government take* over the whole ( madian Northern system, which in eludes branch lines, telegraphs, cxjuvhs, Mteamships, hotel* and elevators. The telegraph- include the Great North -* tern company which was taken over by the Canadian Northern some time y.. The steamships inclnde six vessels which are now operating on the Great Likes, and the Royal Line



wi
FOR SALE.

, For sale s property situated on the However,1 north side of Lang St,, being lot No. 85. transatlantic vessels <»f the Royal A good dwelling bouse, ‘•table, kitchen Lim- were taken over by the Admiralty •“i»*'1;. \"7	lot*ted. For
after the war began, and the company j p6rt cu	F
baa now a working arrangement with
they were a thousand times
W. W. CORY,
puty Minister of the Interior. Unauthorised publication of
tl

2ure, and in certain lines perm an
De
B.
this advertisement will not be paid fot
E. E. Mf CVAIG.
Sbswvllle, Que.
4-4


6
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
&
N
\ Weekly Journal devoted to local littereete. Pablftoked every Thursda y
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
guiHCRiPTioM, 91 a Ykah Ilf Advance.
tW All arrears muet he paid up before tu y p iper is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising. 10 cents per line for l8t insertion and 5 cent «per fine or each nubsequeut insertion Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 3 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates % which will he given on application.
I Advertisements received without in-•tractions accompanying them will he In sorted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
*7-

a
Z


, 4»"
')iujr7i'7j
H. C. OF L REDUCED BY NEW PERFECTION
tiM


t
r
The high cost of living is being daily reduced by 2,500,000 housewives who cook their meals on New Perfection Oil Cook Stoves.
With Roy alite Coal Oil a Srw Perfection •	will cook\ our meal for from
• D to 10 centj
The Long Blue Chimney gives perfect combustion. All the heat goes to the food—no smoke, no waste.
Ask these dealers:
su
a.




zP

«
X


/ li/tAJL/-^
»

The
I
n,m

i
y'<///#
Harvest Rush
m
S
m


4
«#
>:(

///,
M
tries men's nerves and tests their patience.
It’s a time when a little thing like a break, a bunch or a snarl in your binder twine seems a catastrophe—and, if frequent enough, can easily become one.
Plymouth Twine
will rid you of such trouble.
Plymouth.is uniform in size and stronger than other twines. It runs full length, ties more sheaves and does not tangle or fall down.
Make sure of your supply by ordering now. We sell it.
U
: ii
I
z
%
'M
i
l'a
|ü
mi'k
f
MH J* C
!j,l
Tël
!
JOI3 PRINTING.

Ill
gji
G. F. HoDGINS Co.
G. K. Wainman W. A. Hodoins
J. H. Shaw
\U kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by man .i otnpilj attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher

4L

«• #fei|<fioe au tie
MMM

!
z

r
yrs:
SIIAWVILLE, QUE.

;
4r
Professional Cards.

THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
Limited
Him
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
h

lloS
DR. A. H. BEERS
"V
8#
"4
SURGEON DENTIST Campbkll* Bay •
(
I


1
. Qmu
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
Doctor‘of11Dentaf Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.

t
m
PLENTY OF FISH.
TAILORING

* r.
I
i!

Il
Crop in (Jrvat fjakw Can Be Kaallj
Harvested.
“There is one great food resource which we have that requires no tilling, seeding, or preliminary investment to harvest. That is our fisheries. God put the fish lqto the seas, rivers, and lakes. They are there yet, and can be easily harvested. With a
I lljl
\
l
'
\
A «
à
»

We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
\ •
G. F.HODüINSCo. LU»
SHAWVILLE.
f.
GRAY, BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
S. A. MACKAY
1 . H
I
h

S

>
V
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,


food of this nature so easily within our reach, it should be the patriotic duty of every citizen of the Province to take advantage of this more frequently than they have done in the past, remembering that every pound of fish consumed, a pound of meat or its equivalent is conserved, to be sent overseas to help feed our soldiers in the trenches, and the people of the British Isles/'
The above plea for an increased consumption of fish was made by the Organization of Resources Committee of Ontario, and in this connection the following report has been issued by the Ontario Government:
IW, „f Unity.	PUBLIC NOTICE I	jK-tlS ‘year
Right Hon. Walter Long, Colonial	than last and from the reports reSecretary, recently opened the new I rmmce of Quebec,	ceived up to date, the catch would
extension of the Ontario Military Municijiality of fthawville.	appear to be an average one. This
Hospital at Orpington, England, the Public notice is hereby given that affords much satisfaction to the De-zapacity of which is now doubled, the Valuation Roll of the Municipality partment in view of the high cost of it having accommodation for 2,800 ,,f (lie village of Shawville has been pro- food, and should be the means of recede. Among those present were .,are<i tjie \raluators according to M,ev,n8 to some extent the distress
Quebec, and Nova Scotia, also Gen,- 11,11 .,u“ ‘,x *,.m|,u	l,artlt‘M ln.ter* however, there were caught from the
jral Sir Richard Turner. In the V'UimI, and that on Monday, the sixth 15th of March to the 31st of May, in zourse of his speech, Mr. Long said day of August, next, it shall Ik.- homolo- hhe waters of Lake Erie fronting the .hat this gift was only one more X*&ted at the regular meeting of the | Province of Ontario, 401,234 lbs. of proof of what had been done in sim- Council, with or without amendment.
liar directions since the war began. Given at Shawville this 4th day of 1282 lbs. of pickerel, 11,596 lbs. of He remarked that the world looked July, 1917.	Rurgeon, 928 lbs. of caviare, 391,- I
ADVOCATE	>n and wondered at the present	8. E. HODOINS,	551 IhsT T)f herring, 99,633 lbs. of
BARRI BTER A SOLICITOR ipectacle of unity of the Empire.	Sec Treas porch, 1,305,636 lbs. of blue pick. ZATTT- Things would never be the same	?rel, 24.708 lbs. of pike, 4,959 lbs.
CAMPBELLS BA\ , QUE. after the war, he said. All had felt	pf catfish, 4,823 lbs. of carp, and
it was almost Inevitable that some	PTTRT TP "NmmTn'Ei	342,200 lbs. of coarse fish valued at ,
Will be in Fort Coulongc every Wed ,uch great test as war would come	rUDLilU ilUilUHi | $232,691.97.
raesday and Shawville every Saturday. to enable the Empire to find Itself, province of Ôneher	lakes of the Province Is not carried
ïad^been'sùrmounted! **	Mu,weighty of Clarendon.	| ™ayt0 any extent unt11 the month of
Public notice is hereby given that I It is well known that a great por-the Valuation Roll of the Municipality .ion of the fisn caught are sold in the \ of the township mf Clarendon has been American market and frequent pro-ire|Niretl by the Valuators according to	against this are lodged in the
aw : that it has been deposited in my 1 department. The fishermen, how-
terested, and that on Monday, the sixth day of August, next, it shall be boinolo-
Que.
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Rain Coats,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âo.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, *C-
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tr Vlalti Shaw ville every Saturday.
MARKET FOR
PULPWOOD
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K.C.
AC-
A > v 33ATE, Barrister
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
Last year,
196 Main St. - Hull.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
whlteflsh, 5,699 lbs. of trout, 141,-
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPW000
»
\
To be delivered at sidings along the G. P. R. and G. N. R Railways.
Fishing in the other
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
A Discoverer's Lucky Day,
It Is said that on a Friday Columbus set out from Spain to seek a new world, on Friday he first caught light of land, on Friday he started >n his return voyage, on Friday he safely arrived back In Spain, on Fri-lay he first sighted the American mainland on his next voyage, on Friday he first set his foot upon It, ind again on, Friday he landed In his îative land.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST.,
’Will attend Courts and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
I
HULL
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Itet which will bring them the best returns, and fish of the coarser kind, W I BLMi®	.which could find no buyer in Ontario,
gated, at the regular meeting of the | Ire quickly sold at good prices In the Council, with or without amendment.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
GEORGE E. MORENGY
¦ arge cities of the United States. All Given at Shawville this 4th day of I icensed fishermen are required to July, 1917.	I burnish for home consumption such
Ish as are required for local consumption at their contract prices/*
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS or
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
K. T. HODGINS,
Sec. Treasurer.
VHerana on Government Farm.
Major W. J. Morrison, a veteran >f the present war, and the South African war, has been appointed by he Ontario Government to be super-ntendent of the Industrial Farm at
Fhornhlll, succeeding the late Rev.	.	_
JV. B. Lindsay. Garnet Cromwell Best Farmers Hotel Ellis, of Florence, a veteran of the '	•
rinces# Patricias, has been given	"OilLiaC
Jie position of farm foreman.
meats ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending
He Is an Optimist.
Anyone who knows the Hughes
Drothers, Sam and Jim, know that purchasers interest to consult me before placing their order
hey are apoetles of efficiency rather .	•	v *i •	* i	lL. ,	..
han of regard for “red tape.** An- elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
ither feature *of Dr. J. L. Hughes*
•haracter manifests Itself very ttrongly In his book of verse issued jnder the title “Life Songs of Glad-îess and Growth,** namely that of nppf refreshing optimism. Would inyone suspect, for instance, that Dr.
Hughes would have a vision of life is is evidenced In the following?
Voti think you have failed, and you I_
Dishearten#*, and fearing to fight; vVhy let a few clouds on your eky
in* the light?
Eaeauted oaneiully to the eaUefae-
TO LET
Hull.
102 Wellington St. ••
Phone ; Queen 5330.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
CEORCE HYNES
THE BUSSELL HOUSE
AM Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
In I* lander* Field*. '
In hi# patriotic contribution to the it-bate on the selective draft, Mr. Hugh Guthrie, the member for South Wellington, quoted * two or three lines from * In Flanders Fields. Thin beautiful poem was written for Punch by Dr. John MacCrae, a Montreal physician and poet, who born In Guelph, where his father and mother still reside.
Crae was through the Boer War. He went oversea early In the promut war and now holds the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel. "la Flanders Fields" reads:
Dining Room and 22 Bed Rooms furnished. Large Tard, Sheds and Stables.
Apply at once
fmbalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Pjrsml ittention.Openall hours.
He
1

O. W. DALE.
W. A. HOlXiINS.
Prevent you from
When you require Printing1
call at
You look for dark omen# alone.
Forgetting bright days that have rone;
tround you shine# Joy. but you moan.
And fear to rlee up and go on.
The weak one# alone lie and wait For other# to help when they're down:
tnd only the foolish blame fate When fortune continue# to frown.
Tl# only the faithleee can fall.
And only the hope lea# can fear:
Meet life with your face to the gale,
» down. If you must, with *
four plan# have mise#fried. I know; I Have faith! Up and at it again?
The struggle will make your heart
UNDERTAKING
was
Dr. Mac-

i
Trespass Notice.
Any person or person* found trespassing In any manner whatsoever on Lot 8. W. I of 12 on the 7th Range of Clarendon, after this notice will be prosecuted a* the law directs.
MRS. R. B. ARMSTRONG. July 6th, 1917.
a"d EMBALMING
THE EQUITY OFFICE
W. J. HAYES

1
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shew s
All calls will receive prompt per
Honni attention
In Flanders fields th p -pi>
Between the erodes. IWw <
That mark our place, and In the sky The larks still bravely singing fly, Scarce heard amid the guns below.™
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.

We are the dead, abort days ago We lived, felt dawn, sew sunsets glow, v^d and were loved and now we lie
FARM FOR SALE:
Good dairy farm, i«*rt A, first ( V>ofo**ion of Hn 300 acres—100 valuable bush. For par tien Ur* apply to owner,
D. J. < RAIU. Raymond, Alta., or to I DRUMMOND, Bristol, (jue.

J

L
of Lots 4 and
In Flanders fields
And win you the trust of true

interning
ROM
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
Take up our quarrel with the foe. To yeu from failing hands we throw
The t
Life's gates are still
TS
ward wB
n XI» '
In all countries TOR’S ADVISRR.* ’ “ h »
MARION MARION. M4 University SL, Meetrial.
»ur INVKN-bc sent fn
Vk !
with us who die eep. though popples
If y# break fait»
I Town. Der# and do, life a triumph eubli
fhe future Is
We aba 11 eot blog
In Flaadere
O. T.
Is
###PAGE###6###
MEETINGS ON THE BATTLEFIELDS
HOW “TANKS”
ARE CARED FOR
est the girls at home to know that the cinema girls, though a poor substitute for their own sweet selves, always welcomed. ' Loud cheers and audible evidences of appreciation such as one occasionally hears coming
- ™——¦ EHHESt	"
dies of the cinema, and while they
mvndous heights or ride hitherto un- j.;ngjneg \Tk> GIvM Preference in Mat Sports and Kntertainnienta Which Re- l)rokvn horses, the war is a very poor
second in the minds of the onlookers.
4eah imw in
RECREATION IN
ARMY RANKS
are

DRAMATIC ENCOUNTERS WITH FORMER FRIENDS
i
KEPT UP
n wh speeds his motor to !
im**1**™
EBE£BE S;E£lHHE:HrH^E
tissz'ttLZ r?sr,tss;ti» ^re^ss?.; x
srcsar"	z\ tw «^r*—	- twraaw-s ».«=:'sl^^cu's -Æ	e= E s fs
%s i J-»*» - -u- trzw iizz ;~r ksr: sstfc	sr r,* zzssxzrtts S —™d’ -   
S23SSr-«S?==H3iS52="-"- '
¦¦¦¦*
i*
P"T:rl out	bread hitherto unknown. It will be Original play, or operettas.
As I result of experiments which from a combination of both colors of	Plays and Concerta,
have been for some time in progress, flours, with a liberal mixture ot c	Many well-known concert singers
the Fisheries Bureau declares that the meal.	and actors are In the ranks and among
skins of many kinds of fishes can be The dietary authority who «avances	holders of commissions, besides The two anglers were swopping
utilized for leather. But most im- j this theory says that the worm nas amateurs of distinction. The concert stories. They had exhausted the oortant of them all for the purpose are mistakenly been giving all Its clover company of one corps will occasional- topic of their marvellous catches, and the sharks	i to animals, although it contains, ne ^ yigit the entertainment centres of went on to enlarge upon the wonders
Big sharks are very numerous in says, exactly that "mineral energy	adjacent to it. There is an even of their native countries from the
warm latitudes, and, to help out the which is required not only ot boany mQre frequent intercourse among divi- angler's *pint of view, experiments the United States Gov- nourishment but of mental sun- sjons Thc name9 of these troupes “Why, near my home, " said George ernment has called upon keepers of stance" as well.	are delightfully unconventional. Big Washington's rival, “we have a pond
lighthouses and life-saving stations	-*- posters may invite the passer-by to where a chap can catch fish as fast as
along the Florida coast to catch as	visit the “Tykes," which means that a he can drop his line in and pull em
many as possible of these fishes and	Trees For Snow Scr	Yorkshire company holds the boards, out.
forward the skins to Washington— As an experiment, the Minneapolis, or to see the “Very Lights,” or to ac- Really , said the man who beat the Fisheries Bureau furnishing the gt paui and Sault Sainte Marie Rail- cept the hospitality of the “Rum Baron Munchausen by two lengths, requisite hooks and tackle. Hundreds	has planted trees along its right Jars," or listen to the “Whixz- “We have a lake not far from us where
of the skins have been tanned, Tmd of way t0 aerve as snow screens. On Bangs."	'	*»• *? fet * itick to knock *he
thus converted into leather of excel- the aouth side of the tracks, at the Much talent is devoted to the writ- fish away before you can get your line
lent quality, adapted for “uppers" of sheltered points, there are four rows jng 0f original sketches for the en- in at all. shoes (though not for soles) and for and on the north side eight rows. 8 tertainments, and everybody from the *ther worth-while uses.	feet apart. The four rows farthest general in command down comes in
MME
less other ways. _ ”
Dangers of Overheating
Some Amazing, Other* Amusing, and Now and Then One 1 ruly
Tragic.
ter of Protection—Tank Opera-
Wit h a ga«P
other’s name
The job o. a tank man is no sine-The interior is not built for It is crowded with ma-
By the King, a Proclamation:
“We, being persuaded that the ab-
con-
Tommy and Him 1 ?» • lor.
They had been schoolmates from their kindergarten days until they had finally left school,
previously !
"Confess, that I’ve got the advantage,” laughed the German.
"I admit it,” said the Londoner
dubiously, “but---"
"Rlght-o !” broke in the other.
Lead on, you
cure
comfort
chinery and guns and armor, and in motion the deck sways and bucks like that of a little torpedo boat in
Nor is the roof high
about six year*
"Then I'll surrender
HI
t "
silly old ass
This was perhaps the quaintest.
•‘capture" that has yet been made
The two arrived safely In the Brl-
There It transpired that.
English by training and
tlsh lines although
sympathy, the prisoner was German „ by birth. Being In Frankfort at the outbreak of war. he had perforce to
join the German army
The writer once witnessed an amusing encounter between a Tommy who was something of a "nut" in the old days and his tailor, to whom he still owed a big bill. The two were In different regiments, although at the time they were engaged In the same work
LEATHER FROM OCEAN’S DEPTHS
ed
but
of grey
grimness
Hides of
lug-party.
It was bitterly cold, and there was an issue of rum that morning The
unlucky enough to upset In which he had Just
tailor was his mees-tln drawn his ration.
He glanced around In dee pair, and discovered his old but unprofitable customer with an unusually liberal share ot the comforting spirit . "Let's have a mouthful, old son,"
aald the tailor persuasively.
"Why should I V asked the other,
with his mouth to his mess tin.
"Well, considering that I clothed you for a couple of years and novor
for my pains, 1 don s see
shouldn't give me a drop of

got a penny why you
rum." said the tailor "Good heavens !
Yes. you are old Snip
¦ ••Here, take what you want, old ¦	, •bllghty* cigarette I
, in really settle that bill
soon as we get back 1"
said the tailor. "We’ll call It quits
You're not-----
" exclaimed the
oilier
?
Have a
man.
And, I say
WORLD'S JUMPING RECORD
of yours as
"Don't bother smacking his Ups after that drink ! "
Day, for four successive weeks after the issue thereof."
First Honors Go to the Flea, and Sec-\	ond to the Salmon.
!»»
?
While the flea holds the world’s jumping record, he is so small and inconsiderable except from the standpoint of the discomfort he causes that a much more valuable discovery of science is that which gives the second honors to the salmon.
This flsh, it has been demonstrated, yelled L can jump on the average sixteen feet hurtled through the air vertically. He can swim with ap- The Shropshire sprang parent nonchalance and then suddenly crater, but the Australian was spring out of the water and strike a eeC0nd too late. He ¦ topped a bit mark sixteen feet above him. Scien- shrapnel In his side, and bega
EEEH-EH;:!rEEHH=
The high-water falls end natural ror that he was a brother of whom he barriers in these turbulent streams bsd lost all trace for some years
SEseaiissstc
fore he penetrate, to the source of Urn word.	(ound loel
of half a
Tales That Are Told
nd Lost!
Found
the Somme offensive last the Shropshire found
During
one of
y Q&r ____
himself crossing “No Man’s Land" by the side of an Australian.
••Look out! Here’s a
the Australian, as a big shell
Minnie’ 1M
into a
test
He Might Be
waters.
this sixteen-foot record is probable, minute
be second to the flea.	from looking dirty.	-----_
American flsh have equalled his brother tn the space
fZ
!
TOR KM PART ib P0660NE
6LAD -mes PiPfCr Q>Me.l
a couple of
' rood nurra
U. AW WAN r
TOM.WHAT DO NOUIXIRK? OU**_ DIHRÈR GUESTS PiDmY COM*. -
WHO ROCKED
TK* BOAT?
I hear Tom com ins - Nou people
WIPE IH HERE AMD l’U- PRETEND •XWrr Nou DIDN'T COME - I
we'll sugpwtaE 1
HIM \	P
I
a!
L
HVH
vak



\



»
à
rr
i
9i
>
\


'
I
/

m
i


!

s




###PAGE###7###
Jaqents wanted
I -One Agent In each town, to sell a new aiiwiyir\pft I American home article, OXOOAfl, roak-VI ILLlfl Die O V ,nF LIght and Heat, from common coal
dUrrtnElXJ £.1» 'Xr"Z\X. T^im N.°nddlrn,<;
ashes to carry. Cheapest and most ef-I flclent of all fuels. Write quickly. i Ulorla Heat and Light Co., 191 Yonge Street, Toronto.
m
The Climbing Corn,
Don’t want that corn For to grow so high That its silky tassels Will sweep the sky;
That I'll spend by time Huntin’ ladders to climb
’Fore the dinner bell is ringir*.
ONE OF WAR’S
BLESS THE LITTLE GARDENS.
Is Breakfast Ready?
The answer is easy in the home where Shredded Wheat Biscuit is the regular every day breakfast cereal. Being ready - cooked and ready-to-eat, Shredded Wheat Biscuit is the joy of the housekeeper in Summer. Served with sliced bananas, berries, or other fruit, they make a nourishing, satisfying meal at a cost of a few cents.
“Lord God in Paradise,
Look upon our sowing;
Bless the little gardens And the good green growing! H Give us sun,
Give us rain,
Bless the orchards And the grain!
“Lord God in Paradise,
Please bless the beans and peas, Give us corn full on the ear—
We will praise thee, Lord for these! Bless the .blossom And the root.
Bless the seed And the fruit!

I

t

*
ÏES
SIR MONTAGU ALLAN, A NOTED
CANADIAN.
•
¦= # »
But I want that corn For to show its head Somewhat higher Than the table’s spread,
Till the harvest sky Sees the barns piled high
When the dinner bell is ringin'.
r.
An Electric Blanket.
In the Moment’s Modes
One of the latest electrical inventions is an electric blanket which ia designed especially for outdoor sleep-The blanket is said to have a
Of Four Children Only One ia Left to Him, And 8he*î» Nursing in France
ers.
heating area of four by six feet, and can be regulated to an even temperature of from 82 to 112 degrees by a switch placed near the head of the sleeper.
Upon very few of the notable families of Canada has the war put so heavy a hand as on that of Sir Montagu Allan of Montreal. When the Lusitania went down off the coast of Ireland he lost two of his three daughters, and his wife was injured. On Monday week official word ceived in Canada that his only son, Flight Lieut. Hugh Allan, had been killed while fighting Huns in France. Thus a family of four has been reduced to one—the sole survivor being Miss Martha Allan, who went to England in the fall of 1914, and has since been engaged in nursing there and in
France.
Canadian Red Cross in London, and Sir Montagu is connected with the Canadian Pensions Board in London.
The whole family being overseas, ^IftVt occupied
KEEP CHILDREN WELL DURING HOT WEATHER
“Lord God in Paradise,
Over my brown field is seen, Trembling and adventuring,
A miracle of green.
Send such grace As you know,
To keep it safe And make it grow!
MONEY ORDERS.
REMIT by Dominion Express Money If !ost or stolen, you get
Every mother knows how fatal the hot summer months are to small chil- Order, dren. Cholera Infant mu. diarrhoea, yf,ur money back, dysentry and stomach troubles are rife at this time and often a precious

K?
was re-
A motor nu manufacturer was fond little life Is lost after only a few hours ()f naming his cars after flowers. “I illness. The mother who keeps Baby’s think of (.a]]jng that new car," he told Own Tablets in the house feels safe

9 99
friend, “the ‘Crimson Rambler.
The occasional use of the Tablets i>re- The fy^nd, who had been out on the vents stomach and bowel troubles, or new car> suggested, pawkily; “Why If trouble comes suddenly—as it gen* ; not tajj jt the 'Virginia Creeper?'" orally does the Tablets will bring the baby safely through. They are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams'
“Lord God in Paradise,
For the wonder of the seed, Wondering, we praise you, while We tell you of our need.
Look down from Paradise,
Look upon our sowing. Britannia’s Headquarters is a Most Bless the little gardens
Unpretentious Alley in London.
a
Made in Canada.
Lady Allan is head of the
DOWNING STREET.

Mlnsrd’e Liniment Cnree Distemper.
Get your binder twine in now. Most dealers have their supply in and they may not be able to buy more. Get yours now and then you will have
And the good green growing!
Give us sun,
Give us rain,
Bless the orchards And the grain!”
—Louise Driscoll, in New York Times.
• •
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.

no one but palatial “Ravenscrag," one of the show places of Montreal, for the past two
Situated on Pine avenue, on
ft
servan
Downing street—A blind alley about 100 yards long which is the headquarters of the British Empire.
Ten Downing street—A brown brick gable roofed old house, just across the blind alley from the Foreign Office, which for 250 years has been the official residence of the First Loyd of the Treasury, who is commonly the Premier of Great Britain.
There is practically no garden about the place. The old house, as gloomy and uninviting as could possibly be imagined, looks as if it might have been dropped by accident under the Ice of the huge Foreign Office building just across Downing street.
But none She less Downing street is the headquarters of the British Empire, and 10 is the residence of the Premier, says a writer in the New York Sun. I wonder how many Amer-ici ns, or for that matter Britishers, know that Downing street was named after an American. It was.
Whether Sir George Downing was actually born at Salem, Mass., it not quite certain. The records in Massachusetts and the histories in England have been searched with great care without making the matter quite cer- 'ou mU8t put put new, rich, red blood tain. But it is pretty well established int0 y°ur veins without further delay
that he was born in Old Salem, and and 80 bui,d °P y°ur blood an*w " there is no doubt he was the son of *et this new, rich blood give Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills a fair trial, and they
?
MY SONG.
it.
years.
the slope of the mountain overlooking the oity, it is one of Canada’s most gorgeous homes, servatories are open every Saturday for the delight of flower lovers.
Sir Montagu is the son of Sir Hugh Allan, one of the founders of the Allan Line, which was taken over some time ago by the C.P.R., but which still retains its name.
God gave me a little song To sing upon the way;
Rough may be the road and long, Dark may be the day;
Yet a little bird can wing,
Yet a little flower can spring,
Yet a little child can sing,
Make the whole world gay.
—Laura E. Richards.
MISCTLLAHTOUS

1 ancer. tumors, lumps etc..
Internal and external, cured without pain by our horn** treatment. Write us before too late Dr. P.ellman Medical Co.. Limited Colllnrwood Ont
<
Even now its con-
THESTOKY OF THESTAIRS

<£) McCall
Every time you go up stairs you can test your state of health—the condition of your blood.
Do you arrive at the top of the stair# breathless and distressed ? Does your heart palpitate violently ? Do you have a pain in your side ? Perhaps you even hâve to stop half way up, with limbs trembling and head dizzy, too exhausted to go further without resting. These are unfailing signs of anaemia. As soon as your blood becomes Impoverished or impure the stair case becomes an Instrument of torture. When this is so you are unfit for work; your blood Is watery and your nerves exhausted, you are losing the joy of an active life and paving the way for a further break down and decline. In this condition only one thing can save you.
The Soul of a Piano Is the Action. Insist on the
“OTTO HIGELV PIANO ACTION
To be quite up to date one must own Besides being a dregg 0f taffeta, foulard or satin president of the Merchants Bank, Sir j trimmed with organdie. The illustra------------------------------—— tion shows a dress of soft taffeta with	. ,	. , I
— collar, lapel facing and even pockets of llve 8tock ln the fcuropean countries
this sheer material. McCall Pattern after Peac« ,ls declared.
No. 7869; Ladies’ Service Dress; breeding stock and Canadian meat pro-
two-piece skirt in 38 or 36-inch length, ducts will be in demand. It behooves the
¦	Canadian breeder and feeder to grasp
the opportunity and produce a maximum of live stock when prospects arc
?
It is doubtful if any of us realize the need tnat there will be for meat and
Canadian
-
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
Mailed free to any ftddree» 17 the Author
H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Inc. 118 Well 31,1 Sireel, New York
?
0
Price, 20
In 7 sizes; 34 to 46 bust, cents.
This pattern can be obtained from	., .	,
your locsl McCall dealer, or from the *ood for continuous high prices
! No better outlet for the best of his





1 ¦ m

Awrkis Pinter
stuff can be found than at the auction |Di| Rewâts sale bf the Eighth Annual Toronto Fat Stock Show, Union Stock Yards,
December 7th and 8th next.
St., Toronto,
McCall Co., 70 Bond Dept. W.

n

c

?

NUXATED IRON
Serious Matter.
Doctor—I’m afraid you are going to be ill. I shall have to examine your heart.
Betty (who is in love)—but—but, doctor, you are discreet, aren’t you?


Increases
of delicate, nervous, rundown people 100 per cent. In ten days in many Instances. $100 forfeit if it fails as per full ex
______ planation in large
art soon to appear in this p
Mlaard'e Liniment Cures Garret ln Cow*	your doctor or druggist about
strength
Defined.
Willie Willis—Pa, what’s a “Jack of : all trades ?”
j Papa Willis—Generally a fellow who can produce everything except results.
Ill
111

i .	' r** . *
To


Emmanuel Downing of Salem and his
wife, Lucy, who was a sister of Gov. w111 *lve 4rou new vila,*ty> sound
Appar- hesllh> and the power to resist and
throw off disease. For more than a
generation this favorite medicine has
been In use throughout the world and
has made many thousands of weak,
despondent men and women bright,
active and strong.
You can get Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills through any dealer In medicine, or by
115
.When Your Eyes Need Care
Une Murine Eye Medicine. NoSmartlng-Frelk Fine —Acte quickly. Try It fur Red, Weak,
Bore Eyeeand Granulated Eyelids. Murine Is compounded by our OculUtw—not a “Patent Medicine"-bat used in successful Physicians'
Practice for many years. Now dedicated to the Public and sold by DruggiHts at 50c per Trouble on the telephone lines cen-
a £rwe,£O/Rtering at Port Byron, N.Y., was found Murine Eye Remedy Oo-noany, Chicago. Adr. j recently to be caused I a swarm of
bees that had taken possession of the terminal box ami were using it as a hive. When the seat of the trouble

\*
it
Winthrop of Massachusetts, ently Downing was not highly esteemed, at least by some of his contemporize editor of the Calendar of

it
Bees Use Telephone Box.
ancs.
Treasury Books (1660-1667) characterizes him as a “double perjured traitor,” but admits he was “a most capable official.”
Suffered Three Weeks With Chapped Hands. Sore and Unsightly. Cuticura Soap and Ointment Healed.
Sir Montagu Allan.
im.
Up to H
FH F	— - —¦
aftei ward to make his peace with ( ° • Brockvllle, Ont.
Charles II. and to serve the State with
bomething of distinction and a good DEVICE FOR FISH-CATCHING, deal of profit to himself under the	-
Restoration, may or may not have Will Scoop Up 60,000 Pounds Per ^ven. deser/ed the reputation he enjoys Hour, Freeze and Pack Them. charities, among some English historians. People who have read Pepys’s Dairy will
perhaps not	recognize	the	Downing to	a machine has been invented	by •
whom	frequent	references	are	made	Brooklyn man to bring in	60,000	For the Master Who Will Never	Re-
therein as the Sir George Downing ; pounds of fish in an hour without	turn From the Battlefield.
¦ BBkHSiFFFHrBi!
company to build fishing boats	from	for the return <,f hls master, and	the	, bought a horse with a	supposedly	To 8hine boots quickly do not
lan8 he has drawn.	latter will never return, for he	lies	jncurahle ringbone for $30.00. Cured	blacken, but rub on a piece of orange
The boat pushes befort it a	huge	8leePin£ where he fell—in one of	the	hlm wlth |1#0q worth of	MINARD'S	amj ]et the juice dry in; then polish
«coon to which the fish are attracted	first battles of the ^reat war*	rhe	LINIMENT and sold him	for $85.00. i	with a soft brush ajid they will shine
zjzz,sms:stææpr°"'~—
„ riv„v^r rnrrips them ud into the regiment at Riom when the mobilize-	Hotel Keeper, St. Phillippe, Que. 1 Mlnsrd's Liniment Cures Cold». Bu.
""	' srms s r.1msi
‘ The method of «Derating the fish- : Canon, for that wa. the dog's name, ing machine is described as follows by remained looking wiatfiilly at it a» 1
its inventor:	i receded, dwindled away to a mere Avoid worry, hurry and getting
“Three large searchlights are used 8Pot on tbc horizon and then disap- flustered to light the water ten miles ahead of P*ared, carrying his master out of his Learn self-control Anger is a
I 8*ght for ever.	rapid wrinkle-bringer.
But Canon’s faith in the power of Be temperate. Moderation does not his master's love to reunite them one only refer to the stomach. Overdo-day is stronger than the will of na- ing in any way makes premature age. tiens, and he refuses to leave the sta- Love the open air. French air is tion at Riom. Upon the arrival of not a fad, it is a necessity if one would each train he dashes out on to the keep young.	I
Montagu is a director of a dozen of
He is an
A party of workmen were sitting in
a group	one winter evening discuss-	was discovered the bees had already
enthusiastic horseman, having	on more	|ng tfoe	various North	Pole	expedi-	started the making of comb in a corn-
than one occasion annexed the Toronto tions. Finally one quiet member of er of their new home. ¦ Queen’s» Plate. He is in the million- party was appealed to.	lem of ousting the undesirable ten-
airc class several times over,	and has	“Well,	what do you	think	of it,	ants from the telephone box was solv-
large donations to	public	pat?” .	ed by stuffing the cracks with cotton
“I think that the man that put the saturated with carbon disulphide, pole out there ought to go and get it, which suffocated the bees, and not have them looking for it,” replied Pat.
The prob-
Above are extracts from a signed statement recently received from Miss Gladys Hamblcton, Roxton Falls, Que., Nov. 29, 1916.
How much better to prevent such suffering by using Cuticura for every-day toilet purposes, the Soap to cleanse and purify the pores, with touches of Ointment now and then as needed to soothe and heal the first signs of eczemas, rashes, dandruff and pimples. You will use no other once you try these super-creamy emollients.
For Free Sample Each by Mail address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. S. A.” Sold everywhere.
?
WAITING IN VAIN.
To catch fish like a whale gets them
Poor tea that can be sold at a low price is most extravagant in use. A little good tea, like Salada, makes many more cups; hence it's real economy..	/
/

x Close to It
Little Girl—Did you ever dream of being in heaven ?
Little Boy—No, not exactly, but I dreamed once that I was right in the middle of a big apple dumpling.
An automobile which can be used as a fire engine, a street sweeper or sprinkler, or as a six-ton freight truck is in use in a European city.
Preparing
for To-morrow
NERVOUSNESS
AND BUIES
Keep Young.
WOMEN ! IT IS MAGIC !
LIFT OUT ANY CORN
Many people seem able to drink tea and coffee for a while without apparent harm, but when health disturbance follows, even though slight, it is wise to investigate.
Thousands of homes, where tea or coffee was found to disagree, have changed the family table drink to
the boat. As our speed with the scoop in position will be about ten miles an hour it will give the fish a full hour to get into line.
“As the ray of light is very wide at the farther end and becomes constantly narrower as the boat approaches, 	- *	. . P. VT ... ..
mm Eps» «ta
•coop to the .pwding conveyer will, running over._ int»re.t in life come, in.
be safely landed by it on deck.
“The machine after the first hour’s of the light will actually pick up all the fish from s strip two miles wide and 100 feet deep at the rate of eighty-eight feet a minute.
“Estimating 1,000 pounds of fish s minute, the boat would pick up thirty tons in sn hour, or 800 tons In a ten-hour night At 6 cents a pound this would bring 130,000 for one night's catch. Six of the## keep the United States supplied with fish, fish oil, fish meals, fteh scrap and fertiliser. Thirty five ply all the world *
Apply a few drops then lift corna or calluses off with fingers—no pain.
Symptoms of More Serious
Sickness.
n Just think! You can . lift off any com or calI lus without pain or soreness.
A Cincinnati man discovered this ether compound and named it freesone. Any druggist will sell m tiny bottle of freezone, like her# shown, for very little pw cost. You apply a few
0	drops directly upon a
1	tender com or callus. L Instantly the soreness
disappears, then short-Ij ly you will find the corn H or callus so loose thst I j you can lift it right off.
“I am the
Washington Park, IE mother of four children and have suffered with female trouble, backache, nervous spell# and the blue#. My children’s loud talking and romping would
:.c -,
i
»

I could just tear erything to piece# and I would ache all over and feel so sick that 1 would not want anyone to talk times. Lydia E. Ptakbam’s Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills restored me to health and I want to thank

Instant
Postum
;
f
^x\\\\\x
For Them I Did It
In France last year I went along the French front, said Premier Llody George in a recent speech, and I met one of the finest generals in the French Army—General Gouraud—and he said: “One of my soldiers a few days ago did one of the most gallant and daring things any aoldier ever did.


use
* IT

' DODDS
KIDNEY
^. PILLS -
kiomy »,S

to
/
z
z
7
With Improved health, and It usually follows, the change made becomes a permanent one. It pays to prepare for the health of to-morrow.
“There’s a Reason"
C
F
had quite a bit of trouble and but It doe# not affect my youth-
fui. H dries instantly. It doesn't eat away the
mMldl Jk up without even irritating the surrounding skin.
t

ful looks. My friends say '1 look #o young and well T ' I •# the Ma E
—Mrs. Robt. Brormu A

bines will

back alive, and someone said to him, “Why did you do that! You have got for children, and you might

.1
tes#'
Hyp
will sup-
N r
have left It to one of the young fel-
as well as painful calluses, lift right What -*ould have | off. There to no pain bed
lows in the Army.
1
—*	: cyautï u:
Maas , for helpful edvlee given free W
happened te your children ?” And hls wards.
Pray for whom thou loveet; thou wilt never have any comfort of hls friendship for
pray
11 bot-
tle for you from his wholesale drug
r, Out
Wl
ISSUE #1—'17.
ED. 7.
###PAGE###8###
CO mini! INSURANCE

The Slaiïille Boot anfl Shoe Store
__ CENTRAL CANADA * T
Exhibition
“ Money Saved
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN . THE OLDEST AND BEST
Is Money Made "
Get rates from
lirp . COMPANIES. CON F EDF RATION LIFE No charge for Policy Fee.
OTTAWA SEPT. 8 to 17
A
t'ail ov write for Rate* mid Particulars

Est. 1871.


“ Maximum Insurance
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
1917

at Minimum Cost." bhkckbnridoe

t
Oui Spe< UU Military
Policy is not to be equalled on the market today.
YOl'XG MEN
Harvest Mitts and Cloves
ENTRIES CLOSE AUC. 31 .t
-Tv
h
FOR SALE.

ga
HOUSE OF COMMONS. BURNED FEB 3RD. ISIS NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon A Evening NEW YORK HIPPODROME
BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOP-THE-LOOP AVIATOR.
$9,000 FOR HORSE RACING.
PURE FOOD SHOW. GOV’T. EXHIBIT. DOG SHOW.
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
_	. .	A—UjuIrw I Kki.intfkku Ayrshire* and Oxfords
Consult our Agent today* you.* stock	$ijr1* to
THE MARKETS
Given Luke Stock Farm
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
$25.000
We have the best assortment of HARVEST MITTS and GLOVES it is possible to procure.
Our Prices are the Best
Notice to Trespassers
j
SHAWVI1LE
I hereby give notice that trespassing manner whatsoever is forbidden Lot lit. Itamrv it. Clarendon. Anyone found disobeying this notice leave themselves liable to prosecution.
(Î. A. HOWARD.
VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
in am
Flour per barrel $13.50 Wheat, pei bushel. $2.tC to - 25 Oat»,per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, £0.00.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 30c
Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Kggs per dozen 35c.
Wool, washed, 72c.; unwashed, 55c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 00c
on
MTQH'T Magnificent Spectacle and Firework*—British ^	_ advance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the
S HO W Forts at Kut-El-Amara.
Shaw ville, July 30, 1917
Caretakers Wanted
Boost the Exhibition
Encourage Production of every Kind
Tender* will be received till (> o'clock, p. w., Saturday, 11th August, 1917, for caretaking of the Schools of the Township of Clarendon for the coming school Duties—sweeping and dusting
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
J. K. Paisley, Mgr. & Sec'y
STEWART McClenaghan, Preeidcnt.
year
daily ; scrubbing at least four times and firing as long as necessary.
M. A. M< KIN LEV,
Asst. Sec.-Treas.,
School Mu. Clarendon.
and our advice is
Heifer Astray
Don’t Delay in Buying.
Strayed or taken from the Cameron pasture, near Murrells about 1st .lune, a war old Holstein Heifer, spotted black a lid white ; 4 white feet. Infoimatiou that will lead to her recovery will be re warded by the undersigned.
,i XS. I». HORNER
Low Prices . .
Shawville, .July 17, 1917
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
Tenders Wanted
P. E. SMILEY.
Tenders will Ik* received till (« o'clock, Saturday, 11th August, 1917, for building woodshed at No. 12 I In loving memory of Mr. Slack Cald- I Sjtevi tient ions may lie seen at Secretary’s well, who departed this life August 9th, office.
pip;.	I Also tenders wanted for repairing No.
11 School fence and supplying and put
ting on two iron gates —tenderer sup plying all material.
M. A. M< KIN LEV, *
Asst. Sec.-Treat., School Mu. Clarendon
In Memoria
I*. 111., oil
bulletin itself can be hid. also free, by writing to the Publications Hranch, Department of A grill the informa-
Local and District.
Gone hut not forgotten
same from us as
—The Family
You can buy th
from any vit y dealer, of Eastman s K <l;tk< and supplies specialty. M
culture, Ottawa tion herein contained were extensively made use of, not only would much waste be avoided and financial profit a ecu red, but considerable benefit would be derived in health and the enjoyment of life enhanced. Five different plans are given in the bulletin with complete specifications tor each and a statement of quantities of ice that can be stored.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
. Amateur finishing a 11. ImIson, Photo Artist.
OBITUARY
Died, at Fitzroy, July 27th, 1917,
Margaret Jane Armstrong, reliet of the late William Johnston, and daughter of the late Adam Armstrong, of North Gower, aged 51 years. Thirty two years 0ft the deceased married the late \\ in.
Johnston of Pakenham, and seven years ago she removed to Fitzroy, where she passed away as above noted.
About six months ago the deceased was attacked with spinal neuralgia,
.....*	Wlï|*'J™£ to" ««ton «I Viiltor. J-ItoU, h'r..»-,
haniiy Mi Gregor all "f •	•' about three or four miles from our lines
aud Mis. Howard Armstrong and fa i Ij <he Ctanadiani. have a large burying ily, Robert Armstrong, Mr. and Mw.	,hvre Tliey have them all
Mrs. James Armstrong, Mr. John Arm	w|djer and the officers thought a
strong, Mrs. Wallace and son, Andrew,, :	# j :m
M	; Mj- KoUtI Sadler, Jimmy was asking me about the
Mr. and Mrs J. A. Sad er, Mr and Mrs trenches and if 1 could give him any A. J. Triup, Mr. and Mrs M illmm Coe, de$K.ri|)tioll 0f them. It is pretty hard of Fitzroy Harbor ; H. Tnpp, of Am- L ^ m ^ letter, but you will have it prior ; Mr. and Mrs. William Wallace, I ^ ^rf>m mt. w)lvll \ go Itark. That will
of Foresters Falls.	.	be a glad day for whoever lives to see
The toral offerings wen beautiful .mo | jt 6
many, showing the esteem in whic h the deceased was held. They included — pillow from the family ; anchor—Mr. and Mrs. H. I mi son, Shawville ; anchor —Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Armstrong,
Kemptville ; anchor—Mr. and Mrs. G.
M. Armstrong, Ottawa ; wreath -Alex.
Johnston and family, Pakenham ; spray —Miss. F. McGregor. Ottawa ; cut flowers—Mrs. J. J. Ritchie, Pakenham.
—Com.
Mr. C. H. C. Green tree, manager of the Renfrew branch of the Rank of Ottawa, recently resigned that position to enlist in a Railway Construction battalion, now doing duty overseas, in command
of Lt. Col. L. T. Martin.
Shawville, July 17, 1917
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
other day was the first time 1 had an apple since I left England last Fall. 1 can feel myself getting fat already. I tell you there is nothing like getting away from the field allowance of rations mostly bully beef and biscuit* ; but it would surprise you what a healthy lot
There is little or no sickness
ag<*
“It is in the homes of the Pro-1	—	?
of Ontario that the great Practice of Throwing Rice, etc
at Marriage Ceremonies to be Stopped
vince
battles we are to face will have to be fought and won, ' declares Sir William Hearst, Premier of Ont, referring to the Food Controller's Food Conservation cam-
]>aign. Premier Henrst • words l Lurch, livid uu * ul) 3*\ l ** apply to all C mada.	" wived
:###### these small investments an aver- perty on such occasion. ; and that an; age of $1,500,000 a month 1ms been persons or j^rsons fimml violating tln.s made available for the purpose* of resolution will 1* dealt with as the law the war. The number of cert if i- directs, cates sold is over 190,000.

Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Vt the regular meeting of the Trustee i the Shawville Methodist
it was
a no
Heard
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.


Custom Sawing.
John lt. McDowell,
Secy Trustee IDard
The following Pontiac ladies are attending the Summer School in Nature Study, Elementary AgiV
culture, Drawing and School Miutc,
Macdonald College, the term from July Sva to August
HARVEST CLOTHES. .
PVNRAVEN


August 4.—The death occurred on Saturday m<‘filing <»f Mr. Daniel Kyan, after a long illness. We extend deepest sympathy to the bereaved relatives.
Most of our farmers have finished with their haying and rejmrt great crops.
Mrs. W. Harrison and daughter Miss J van were the guests of Miss Janet Carswell during the past week.
Miss Mary Ustrom has returned to Pembroke after spending a few weeks with friends here.
Miss Edna Letts visited friends in
Shawville last week.
Mrs. Hugh Creighton has arrived home from Toronto to be the guest of Mr. John Creighton, sr.
Some of our young people seem to enjoy excursions for blueberries, especially when they grow near the river.
Some of our young men are beginning to think seriously about making plans
But why seek such
At
i mining
18th
our
Miss Linda E. Smiley. Shawville H. R. No. 2; Miss Annie L Erwin, Beech Grove ; Miss h-ttft M. Coughlin, Wyman.
of North Gower
A New Potato Pest.
there a new potato pest ? Producers in the potato-growing section of Huntingdon township, states a despatch from Marmora, report that a new enemy to the iKitato has appeared which eus the crop. The pest is described as a large black beetle, which delights to feed upon the new potatoes just formed at the root of the growing plants. The beet le, it is said, burrows in the |>otato hill until it reaches the root-centre and in that spot lays its eggs. Later the larvae teed upon the
voting potatoes, leaving nothing but an outer shell. It is stated that the potato-growers have already met with considerable loss by the depredations of this pest.
Cold Storage Architecture.
To meet an ever-increasing demand for information respecting the construction of ice houses and small void storage systems for farmers, country storekeepers, milk producers, hotel keepers, owners of country homes and others, the Dominion Department of Agriculture has issued Bulletin No. 49, of the Dairy and Cold Storage Branch, entitled “Small Cold Storage* and Dairy Buildings, ’ the immediate sponsors for which are Mr. J. A. Roddick, Dairy and Cold Storage Inspector. The bulletin is a complete handbook on cold construction of a comparatively simple and inexpensive kind. Hr side* minute explanatory details of plans and material required for
construction of ice house* and refrigerators, a series of drawings prepared by the Architect * Branch of the Department ¦! Public Works is presented, of which blue prints on a scale of one inch to two feet can be had free on application to the Dairy and Cold Storage Commissioner, while the
We have now in stock a full assort ..	.. ment of Clothes for the ..	..
Harvester and Thresher
at real low prices, such as
Peerless and Hardknox Overalls
- from $1.25 up.
50c. up,
Is


I may never nee the trenches again, for after I leave hospital, 1 go to battalion in England for awhile, and I am pretty sure of getting some job instead of drilling, as 1 have had enough of that. So you need not worry about me for awhile at least, and you
should never wonfHflHHIHÊpi 1 months and there was not much done to me, so cheer up, mother, the war will soon be over.
A -Laly has just called and brought me some Canadian papers 1 have a Montreal Standard to read when I finish this letter.
thren t-
s< raw

I have put in five
for a new kitchen distant information ? f ?
Mr. Robert Carswell is jstying his uncle, Mr. S. Woods of Bristol a visit.
Miss Lucy Letts visited friends in Portage du Fort during the past week. Mr. and Mrs. J. Woods, of Ladysmith
are visiting Mrs. Sparling.
Miss Minerva Sparling has returned home after stw nding her holidays with
relatives in Thorne.
Although the roadwork was done —: time ago it seems to have been improved of late ; also gates strengthened with hay wire, hence the high price.
For information ask —
Harvest Mitts,
Roy Knox writes from Hospital at Leith, Scotland.
(Seven different lines)
The following letter was received a few weeks ago by Mrs. James Knox, of Campbells Bay, from her son Pte. Roy M. Knox, of the 87th Battalion, who, wounded in France, several months ago, sent to the hospital at Leith, Scot
... I have lots of company here. The fellow in the next cot to me is a boy of the name of MacLaughlin from St. Thomas, and he is a 87th machine gunner, also. There is also a fellow here from Buckingham of the name of
Potter»
I got a iwrcel from the Canadian Red Cross thi* morning with a razor, soap, shaving soap and brush, tooth paste and brush and comb, writing paper and stamped envelopes. I was awfully glad a* I just needed the thing* 1 received.
All th
Straw and Felt Hats Good full size Top Shirts Underwear, all sorts, 50c.
Sox, Braces, Pants, Heavy Coats,
60c. up suit up
was
land, to recuperate
“Just a few lines to let you know 1 M getting along real well here, and enjoying myself very well uuder the circumstances.
They let me sit up in l#ed today, but the >ister said 1 could not get up for a week yet
wound, and this is real heaven as com pared with what 1 have come through in the past four or five months. I must nay I just love Scotland, mother, and ran feel proud that I have some good Scutch blood in me. We are just used like princes here. I have never felt au much at home since 1 left Canada. Everytmdy in so good to ue here in the hospital, and then we have lota of via jtora—mostly elderly women from the city of Edinboro, which is just outside tin* place ; 1 mean that Leith i* a urb of Edinboro.’ The women bring up apples, oranges, candy and eig__ etc., and we enjoy the good fruit. The
some
am
Uncle Dudley
e boys here got one from them Well, mother, 1 must stop f'»r | time, or this will soon be a aewapaper. Hoping you are all well and to hear
n, 1 re
ur loving son,*g
and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group is the moat appropriate.
H. IMISON
1 feel none the worse for my
Father*
thi*
We respectfully invite you to come in and look over our values.	x

Photo Artis

Roy
Teacher Wanted
DonU forget our Saturday Specials.
A Matter ef Change.
-What a change a woman can make
A Protestant Lady Teacher, holding an Elementary Diploma, for a term of eight months for Litchfield Upper School. Applications to state salary and to be in the hands of the undersigned on or before the 15th of August, next.
JOHN STEVENSON,
ARCHIE DOVER
of
“Right yon are, my boy," etched the ty haired man who bod igaluat the matrimonial game for

Ub

Sec.-Treasurer
1
Campbells Bay, July 19, 1917

