###PAGE###1###
O
81.00 A YEA B IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1017.
No. 14, 35th Year.
the
Tl|e Merchants Banf^ of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1874
THE HARDWARE STORE
BANK
Established 1864
Capital Paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan VR'I: PRESIDENT . .. K. W. Black will MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. H KB DEN GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. 0, MacAHOW
4,750,000
OTTAWA
PAINTS
PAINTS
- A Real Bargain
«
06 Branches In Canada,
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital
87,000,000
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,084 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclaren,
M, J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George II Perley.
K. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : H, V. Cann.
. Chief Inapte tor.
Hon. George Hr y son, President Russell Blackburn, ,
Sii George Burn,
Sir Henry K Egan,
Hon. Gecrge Gordon.
General Manager :	-
D. M. Flnnle.
W. Duthle .	.
We have a quantity of Ready Mixed Paints oq hand, remnants of lines we have discontinued, which we want to clear out
Price 40c. per quart can.
This is a bargain you can’t pick up every day. Don’t miss it—Colors are
all good.
A few good Vinegar Barrels for sale cheap.
108,956,996
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada. How can You Help Win the War ?
BY NOT WASTING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with us I* a start In the right direction.
Sending money to the Boy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.
BY SAVING
BY PRODUCING
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up savings funds, and are thus prepared fur the opportunities or necessities of the future.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
Potato Men ! Read Dover’s ad. on back page.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Hast man’s Kodaks and supplies. Amateur finishing a specialty. H. Imison, Photo Artist.
G. A. Howard lias a contract of supplying a number of heavy horses to the Pembroke Lumber Co. A carload went forward last week, and others will follow.
Mining operations are progressing at the Squaw Lake property, and buildings for the accommodation of a larger force of men are in course of erectioîT.
Members of the Sandy’s î^ake Fish and Gun Club, from New York, have been enjoying the delightful September weather at their lodge in Huddersfield.
PERSONAL MENTION
W. F. DRUM A. A, REID
The Rev. A. T. Phillips made a brief visit to Montreal last week.
Mrs. Edmond Horner has re-1 -moved to Sturgeon Falls, Out.
Mrs. R. (i. Adams, of Ottawa, is s|>etiding the week with Shawville relatives.
SHORTHAND “Canadas Best"
U ENRY’S
¦* SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING
Mrs. II. Lester returned last week from visiting her sister at London, Out.
J. Peden Wilson, third son of, , e #	. ,
an?.
Lea side Lamp, Toronto.	pAV a cent ,UOre.
Miss Lizzie Armstrong of Patter-	More than 300 Students from other local
tdsit a^):lg ÔW'f%d8	poslUoHn<Me-
Ville and Vicinity.	We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
Win. Chisnell, who went hant Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell-
West with the harvest excursions	.^fn/ÎVrn,‘ZUrhp°n< ence’etc*
returned home Thursday last. He reports that the crops were good in the district where he was en-
Guiltier A. .G. Hodgins of the I Keep a record of your outings, your 77th Battery, Regina, who Is leav- children and your stock, by purchasing ing shortly for overseas spent a L kodak. I have a complete stock from few days last-week with his aunts, 2- ....	u tm.son,
Mrs. G. W. Dale and Mrs. J.	* Up*
Hodgins.
Miss Leah Prendergast, who has been with her bruiner, Chester, in the West, for several months past, arrived home Tuesday even-
nig last, having left the West At Otter Lake, Sept, lfi, to Mi hurriedly on account of receiving | and Mrs. Thomas Quai le, a son. word that her mother was serious
ly ill
E3
OTTAWA, ONT
=4# ir r
Our instruction Ih Individual, and the
Ha» proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and ClvU Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools In Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl logs Advocate.
W. E.Gowlino, II. G. W. Braitiuvait
Principal
W. A. HODGINS
Mi
SHAWVILLE
The water problem in becoming acute in some sections of the country that arc not favored with a large source of supply. A number ui wells niid small creeks have gone dry sence of rain
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
President
Every Willis Graduate is Working.
from the continued ab-
If weather continues favorable, our Exhibition which begins today. as The Equity is being issued, is likely to be a successful event. The number of exhibitors who had made entries on Monday morning, was on a par with the number made last year a day or two in advance of the Fair. In the way of attractions the committee nave arranged for several trials of speed on Thursday and Friday afternoon, which should induce to swelling the attendance. There will also be music by the Renfrew Pi|>e Band and a concert in the skating rink on the night of the
27 th.
Arrangements are being made to give a ploughing demonstration with a Gasoline Tractor in a field near the Fair grounds cn the 27th and 28th mornings. Something new and of particular interest to farmers.
Births
Increased attendance 43% or nearly one half Increase in our shorthand department last year and “ NO QUITTERS."
Nowadays when the nation wants your best be sure that you attend a school that can assure you of a good position.
When every dollar counts investigate closely. A cheap course and no position is no good at any price today.
A reasonable charge for an excellent course with a good situation at the end U worth while.
The established position of Willis College (21 years) with the employer is worth to each student and graduate far more than the cost of a course. It means sure
GOLD WEATHER GOODS.
At Shawville, on Sept. 14, to Mi and Mrs. Gordon Hodgins, a son.
Marriages
Our range of Men’s Sweaters is real | good and prices moderate considering the very high price of wool. Examine our stocl^ and judge for yourself.
Men’s Underwear
Pure Wool Unshrinkable, per suit
Wool
Fleece Lined
Good ass’t. Fall Top Shirts
75c. to $2.00 each.
Peabody Overalls and Smocks,
$4.00 per suit.
$1.50.
Don't miss the horse races two last Fair days.
Hamilton—Meredith
At Christ Church Cathedral,
You undoubtedly have a few new | Wednesday, Sept. ID, by Rev. pictures you woul<l like framed. Call Lenox 1. Smith, Anna, second ; employment in the best positions, and see samples. Picture framing a | daughter of the jate ^Edmond ,Sell<1 for our catalogue.*ARRIg0^
..	,.	,,	, merly of Quyon, to Frederick tm} Sparks Street, entrance between
The monthly meeting of the Hamilton, eldest son of Mr. and KelchumV 4c Sims.
Clarendon H. M. Club, will be held | Mrs. Win. Hamilton, of Quyon. | A position for every Willis Graduate, on Wednesday, Oct. 3rd, nt_the home of Mrs. K. If. Mee
specialty. H. Imison
Program : Enjoyment for the young at home—Mrs. J. B. Corrigan ; Vegetable soup-Mrs. Wilson
Deaths
Brown Optical
Case Proved Fatal.—Bdward Sami ford.
Memorial Service.-A mem-1 ami Mrs. Jos. Wall, of Morehead orial sci vice to the late Lê-Corp. section, who was opera ted on foi John X. Landry, who was killed appendicitis by Dr. Brown of Ot-in action at Vim jr Ridge last April, tawa at Dr. Bowles' hospital on will be held at St. Pa til's Chimb Monday, died on Tuesday morning, on Sunday evening.	land his rem iins were taken home
Millinery Opening
Mi** E. H. MacDonald will hold her Fall Millinery Opening in Bristol on Bent. 24th and 2Mb and following days. All are cordially invited to inspect same.
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
$3.00
granted rest leave for a few I wound in the head, months. The other is Gerald Fades, fourth eon of Mr. Thos Hades, of Radford section, who al
2.50
552 St. Catherine West
1.50
tH «982 Near Stanley St.
MONTREAL, QUE.
Dangerously Wo™.ei.™ Shooting Accident Results in
relatives were advised by the lie-	Girls Death
¦¦mpmimbbi mm
eluding a couple of premature *	ing accident at Stark» Corners on bdity and tone.
EHHZ&-3 SHEHE :B,m tras
and all his young friends are glad the same by leaving their orders hopes of recovery, an improve-	umwavm-
tu see him home again without a with me, as I have now in stock a ment in the girl's condition Was scratch	supply of Plough Re|»airs, etc. apparent some hours after the WANTED—Cotton Mill Workers
A. E. Wilson. Agent. operation and on Friday morning Position# open for Experienced work. r< The annual Convention of tfie	^ ^ ^IOe Wyman# she was snorted to be doing as jn ( ^rd, Spinning and Weave depart
fess -...............—	---------------
part in the discussions ah the to *K‘ P*OISDl. various Bunday-School <fypai_
menu. There will be four semions $6.00 for Bmokks.-Dr Alf. Mc-and the Sunday-School workers of Rae, dentist, of Clinton, III., who Fort Contango will entertain the spent a couple of weeks with bis
ssa m£ï*w: fiS» aMlg&Srtffife?
prising the bllletting committee. to be applied to the Soldiers The great piirpo*e of the Conven- Tobacco Fund. • Many thank*, tlon 1* that all 8. 8. worker* rosy A If
be eoeoiimged and to do better We ecknowkdre with thank*, work, consequently every *cll6ol alw. the receipt of $1.00 from Mn.
In the County should be repre- Tho* Ferrell of South Porcupine, rented.	1 Ont.; for the same purpose.
At Shawville Fair.
Iron Duke Overalls
A full range of *
Caps Mitts Ties
It will pay you to secure your cold weather wants early this
fall.
Socks Gloves Braces, etc.
N

She passed away towards m l_lim Saturday.
Very' much sympathy is felt for the relatives of the deceased under the sad circumst inces.
An inquest under Coroner Davies of Hull was held at Dr. Powle* on Saturday night, at which the evi-
the jury to bring accidental death
FOR SALE-Three Chestnut Mares— suitable for driving or general purpose. Price on application to the undersigned.
DONALD FRASER.
4th Range. Clarendon
rt-
144
uriiay ingui deuce taken led
in a verdict of	r u.
from the discharge of a 44 cal. rifle, w„, wil for ^ly helf-csah or lira, in the hands of the boy. Kenneth phone, write or call on Mm. Scohik, Cotie, through care less new.	** Scoble Route, ' Norway Bay
The remains were subsequently |
—A f'iiqr^tijsLqtoL—iT-A
Onslow. The funeral took place	Mac Lean Machine Wornca.
ou Monday#	^
SALE—A new Upright Colonial style. Mahogany Case Plano one of Gourlay'a best makes cost S4.V) 00,
PIANO FOR
W. A. HODGINS
Campbells Bay, Que
114

###PAGE###2###
&7îs .
Fresh from the Gardens
ït I
Worth Pi effecting
of the finest Tea-producing country in the world.
Arjodd'Odd&te	» goddrpaikrtge.
A rich, etrong, dbtiiàçus tea Eke Bad Roee is worth putting iota a ecWdd package to keep; it
£r<rtJi and; good.
A |h<ep, common tea ie hardly worth taking ear e dt end is tuually sold in bulk. :
Red R«e ie Ww#y# <
eold In the eewid package whteh. leave»
1
IN
A (OURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
i

»
Lesson X. Vegetables
Cauliflower, cab-
Vegetables belong to the carbo- : blood puriAerM hydrate class of foods. They contain bage and brussele sprouts are of the starch, sugar, cellulose and mineral same family and contain valuable
B 74
!
Sealed Packets Only.
Tty it—if s delicious. BLACK GREEN or MIXED.
salts
it good.
Methods of Cooking
##
There are three distinct groups of
,	,	. _	..	...	, vegetables: (1) Green vegetables, com- Perhaps no article of food suffers
cloaks with masking hoods drawn over poged 0f ieave8 and 8terns, such as let- more from improper cooking then do
1 Kelly heard the machine stop in tuf®. ««PHragus, spinach, chard, and vegetables. Be very particular febout front of the cottage and rushed to the celery; (2) starchy vegetables, con-, cleansing door, expecting, of course, to see the sisting of roots and tubers, such as purpose, police coming in response to his sum-j potatoes, turnips, beets, carrots, rad- decayed vegetables mons. Almost before he could realize, ishes, onions and parsnips; (3)	Place all vegetables in boiling wain his surprise the unexpected pres- legumes, such as peas, beans and len-	ter to cook, and keep the water boiling
ence of Pat s Apaches, they had sur- tijg Green vegetables are valuable for	gently until they are tender. Over-
ro pate slipped 'outoFSily’i coat and their salts and acids a"d also for cellu-1 cooking or too rapid boiling spoils the
tossed it to him With a gay taunting lose,-which is very necessary to the color, appearance and flavor of the W0RK|NG UNDER ENEMY FIRE laugh.	! body, as it furnishes material for bulk, j vegetable. Do not cover green vege-	„ 4IXJ
“Thanks for taking good care of diluting the highly concentrated foods,	tables while cooking. Spinach, chard,	IN	SI NSHINE AND	RAIN.	main railway lin
me,” she said. “I’m sorry I can't take The starch of group 2 is inclosed with-	beet tops and squash should be steam-	taken from the Transcontinental —
you back to town with me, but I have jn the tiny cellulose wall, which, when	ed.	there are Canadian casualty cleatfng
an important engagement at the Gar- cookvdf 80ftens, permitting the grains	The following is a timetable for Canadian Railway Construction	Bat-	stations, where nurses and doctors
the waiting automobile, followed by tain valuable protein, which may take	according to size.	a& the front.	men and Highlanders brought down
her men, and Kelly was left alone, to the place of meat. The other vege Turnips. From 30 to 60 minutes,	?	/, « th- comfortably on light railways which
make his way back to town as best he tables contain little protein and fat according to size and age.	While splendid regiment>	were laid by Dominion troops. I re
could.	but all vegetables contain a large per- Beets. From 46 minutes to 2 hours, Mother Couutry—English, *C0lu™ member the station nearby when
Arriving at the House of Mystery cc,ntage of water	according to size and age.	and Welsh—and Anzacs arc lighting bloody, half-gassed Canadians were
¦ called an immediate meeting of	Carrots. From 16 to 40 minutes, their victorious way over the ground siuing with 0nly their field dressings
the Apaches to discuss plans for their	Properties of Vegetables	according to size and age.	where Canada first won her spurs, the 8taunching their wounds, waiting for
EwS'rri -Era».” SLiæsi ass. sr»	!Frr ’EF"1 vTF
the Purple Mask, as she sat in the for some time, collecting money that diuretic nature, and are valuable for according to method of cutting.	part of the w^hte,‘1 fro.nt’ N ‘	, hope of relief by train and crashing
driver’s seat of her stalled machine, was squandered in hilarious sessions their flavor. They are also rich in	Peas. For 20 minutes.	respondent. But there is another	P- int0 the very buildings	which gave
“All right, for this time/' said Pa- that the notorious resort held.	mineral salts and are easily digested.	Beans. From 20 to 30 minutes, ac-	P.v, unlisted corps of ( nnadians	tnat i them shelter. The saving, credit side
trivia Montez, “but you would never “They have just made an extra Celery, lettuce, endive and cress are	cording to size.	is helping the thrust back from	the of war ka8 improved.	If the Huns
have caught me if my gasoline had heavy haul and will ^mkr the ea8ily digested, are cooling, and purify	Asparagus. From 20 to 30 minutes,	Yp.es salient, and to the north	and had di8abled the track	yesterday it
sEHFFEE sB:Ei S5HSC	SSiSSs	sHStS
his overcoat and help her into it, for nt the meeting in the House of Mys-	paragus	is of diuretic nature.	So	is	from boiled potatoes, cover them with	specialists, and moi < man	y	system	we	work	on now: very	British
the air was chill and Pat was not quite tery.	the onion. It	is also rich	in	an	a towel	which	absorbs the moisture.1	other part of the empiie has tna £ 11 in thoroughness,	nothing to chance
dressed for the circumstances in, fhe Garden cafe was a notorious aromatic oil which contains a large When baking potatoes, first boil for been answered by which she found herself.	place where all sorts of people mingl- amount Qf sulphur. Beets contain ten minutes, then grease the skin and Lieut.-General Turner, • L
“Lets seek shelter in this cottage, ed under the bright lights.	uurar	Garrots	are valuable	as	a	bake	commander in England, turned his at-
Kelly suggested, pointing to a small »jt can do no harm to	give	the,	sugar'	tanot9	are vamaDle	as	a	DaKe’	tention to the formation of these ex-
,r™ ,h‘ ^ •STiAr4	O— the --- Cupboard I Tomato Sup.-Our-h.l,	ot | port b.,..liun. ubirb or. .. nr.....,, ^	„„„ Wpln, ,h.
sssêmm ÊrnrnmimÊmmêmm
knob and stepped into a large living Shortly after Pat arrived in her au- qUently. Drain, using a jelly bag. "’le' slx ^ Peppers, seeded «nd There was grumbling at first, but now Canadian mill right under the
5SS££3 Sg^K3S®S£H|3&: BÉÉSS SfS=3S gggggs
slHl	BSSS=«
long walk back to town—it must be a pointed moment.	tii the SUL;ar is dissolved Cook until coolf dry place*	has cver 8Pen* Ca”adians J0**
good fi*t. miles to a street car."	Kelly was chatting with his assist-, . g , ...	,	Pepper Catsup.— Use twenty-five time, proudly call it the third battle
Kelly searched the table that stood ant, and enjoying the run the dancers degrees ran e ne .	green or red peppers. Remove the of Ypres. Where once there had been
in the center of the room, and in one were furnishing, when a waiter hand- « candy thermometer, or about eignt Bee(ja and chop fine# Add ten iarge a Canadian battalion's headquarters,
dress of police headquarters and left ferc "	^	I _ ..	¦ u— one pmt of water» one pint of vine" adler and hl8 staff busily at work
the message king on the table.	At that instant every light in the	, < abbage Relish.—( ut four large	gar	When soft, rub through a fine	Canadian tunnelling	companies, the
When the Sphinx heard an automo- p]ace Was extinguished. Women	heads of cabbage. Now, with a large	8feve>	Return to the kettle and add	same men who bored	under the Huns
bile approaching, he ran into the road screamed with fright, and the men at knife or cleaver chop fine, place in a one pjnt Gf vinegar, one-half cupful of at Messines, built them, and even the to head it off. While he was out of the tables shoved back their chairs, preserving kettle and cover with cold brown sugar, two tablespoonfuls of all- Huns would admit thfcy are quite the
the room Pat’s brain was working fast, instinctively rising to their feet. water. Add one cupful of salt and 8pice two tablespoonfuls of cloves, latest fashion in dugouts. Outside the	DIETING	UNNECFqqhpv
Tearing onen the original note Kelly, When the lights went up. as sud- ,)rinK to a boii. Cook for five min- : two ublespoonfuls of nutmeg, two entrance, hi. blue-prints spread in
IBxHk;EEJEB E/SSraESs	EiHH JE"FErE ErsliEEt. HEE isi
plete the substitution and to seal the two revolvers pointed threateningly at	onc ounce of mustard seed, one ounce	piaC6t	^	,	her great stand at St.	Julien. He had Indirectly traceable to	acidity	and	fer-
envelope when Kelly returned with the the assemblage.	of whole cloves, one-half ounce of all-	Pkklad Peppers.—Use large green	been out in the	newly-captured	“ferment f£mT	form
chauffeur of a machine he had stopped j There was a girlish figure in purple spice, one cupful of salt, one cupful or red peppers. Cut off the tops and trenches that morning, a few hours add. such as all starch** and sugar and as it was passing the house	tights and cape, with a ffiirple mask 0f sugar, two tablespoonfuls of tur- then remove the seeds. Put into a after our wave had gone forward, and r°<£*
him as his pay.	! as Pat held out a purple sack and com- seal in all-glass jars, adding one table- with celery and mustard seed. Pack in noon.	wa>, ‘Lhlch ïpoealï^Viwclalh-V'ho»
Every time an automobile whizzed manded:	spoonful of salad oil to each jar.	sterilized jars and cover with cold	For the Big Guns.	who like to eat hearty meal* of rood
(To be continued.)	! Tomato (’ataup. — Wash one-half spiced vinegar. Cover the tops of the For over a year Canadian railway
basket of tomatoes, cut them in small jars with a tight cover.	have h*en huildinr strate- fermentation by the use of a rood ant-
Pieces and put in the preserving kettle.	£» of a" ^ges up t^our for-
Place on the stove and cook until very	To Store Dried hoods	mpr trench** At first Fritz used mediately after eating or whenever i»aln
¦ Rub through a fine sieve and Make bags from clean pieces of to bother them with shells, but this	t JW^tottoif'ind'Sermti/.h;
then add one quart of ^vinegar, one	muslin or a double fold of cheesecloth,	year these	expert track-layers	have «tomach to do it. work without i«.ln or
fi.nt.mh., ...h.r. in .hooting	pound of »««*r, one cup of aalt, two	Eight by fourteen inches is a good	won their	own victory. The	Huns j ÜiSl.
L r..	.,:rr, ïsssrïî&j; s^tyüTEss m	—
n	' j K 10 m 0 g. „ thick, stirring constantly. Seal into to the outside of second bag. Hang by of the labor battalions were under muvh more convenient to carry
spell, the wooded areas are especially sterilized bottles and then cool. Dip ltring in cool, dry place. Great care fire, and casualties were not few. inflammable. I be least spark ma> be	in parowax and then store in a cool,	must be taken to see that fruit or	Three days	ago one battalion	was
the cause of a conflagration, the result, dry place. Remove spice ba^ when	vegetables are thoroughly dry. If	shelled out	of its headquarters,	but
o u ic (anno < e* ima e( •	1 sufficiently cooked.	not they will be a total loss.	they completed the spurs which were
needed for the big guns on the morn-

Use a small brush for the Discard all the stale or
adian pilot who had brought down three enemy planes on the first day of the battle. There were twelve more Canadians in his squadron, and up and down the line there are Canadian flyers in practically every escadrille.
Two Routes.
THE BUILDING OF STRATEGIC UNES
PUDDLE
MASK
Where a new aiding runs off the
it is built of rails
^ Grace (xnusrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
Pat
*
ELEVENTH EPISODE
Engineers, Too.
Out on the canal, across which oui Dominion troops retreated over a shell-swept pontoon bridge, there are
Canadian
nose
lice
RULES OF HEALTH FOR DYSPEPTICS

THE SHOOTING SEASON

An Appeal to Hunters to be Careful soft
With Fire in the Woods
* -RT

>.
m
y
many drurrlsta have


form and are
r
A few of the products that can 1* obtained from soy-beans are as follows: Meal, flour, glycerine, enamel in different colora, lampblack, waterproofing material, linoleum, soft soap, hard soap and soap chips.
An appeal is made to sportsmen to t
smotinrUwhilehinfithe woocbf or" i/this	To win Success.	Do not dig potatoes too soon. Wait >ng of the attack	w
i' impossible to make sure that all ** you are living and working ear- until the topa have pretty veil dried At an aerodrome behind the centre
matches are ’thoroughly extinguished neatly and honestly fot what seems ! up. Dig only on a clear day.
and that live sparks do not fall on the to you the right and good thing be-dry leaves or grass	tween man artd man, and man and God,
r If camp (1res are necessary, guard then you may rest assured of this,
2 jïMttr 5JX2ÏS srrss
is not positive; fires frequently follow ba( k	an<1 *,th you	J I J
M* dry roots into accumulations of dry ,n* ttnd unfold,ng purpo9e€ of a11 the material only to break out again when ages, the labors of heroic men and wo-¦	|	men of countless patient generations,
IW | The destruction of the forest mean* j the very ultimate powers in the iremt %al also the destruction of the game and	¦||i	|
Men Rescue Her From The wild life therein, and it is therefore
in the interests of the sportsmen, if for selfish reasons only, to be careful

of the advance I found a French-Can-

#
z
The Inc ream-


fanned by.a high wind.
universe that God Himself must have made, are all somehow linked up with the aims and purposes and ideals that. are yours. Is there, then, any chance j of failure or ultimate disaster? Not unless it can be believed that thia is an altogether haphazard world, with no purpose back of it, and no destiny ' before it, suyh a world as no sane man can believe it to be. No, the man who la ardently and faithfully living for the good and the right is the one man in the world who is absolutely predestined to victory and achievement and to whom blighting disappointment
Pat's
Sphinx
down the road, after sufficient time wlt^ ^re had elapsed for him to on hi* message. Kelly looked load of police to appear on the scene.
Pat, however, feigned little interest in anything that was going on around
D
A
action for a
#* ' s r
Seventy thousand bells have been received by a bell foundry at Hanover to be recast into war material
An English Vicar, addressing a She would occasionally look out of] gathering of young people at Man the window, and made several feints, cheater, said that the two chief things
aStiESsSa-s:	=
a machine loaded with men rapidly ap Be€*e th#t one would r*mlnd h,m be proa, hing from the direction nf the h*d * eoul to '*** end ^ber the Tb*y were gowned In purple reality of the unseen "

: v*
Sjjpjjfl
From “Ye Olde Sugar Loafe** of grandmother'» day, to the sparkling “Extra Granulated'* in your own cut-glass bowl, Redpath Sugar has appeared three times daily, for over half a century, on thousands of Canadian
her
—

"Ut Redpath Sweeten it. "
,
r
can never
Made in one grade only the higher! !
10, 20, SO and 100 lb. Bag*
«Ty
Turkish prisoners in British hands
\
###PAGE###3###

arm (Pop Uucries
You Can Do Your Bit
in preventing waste by demanding the whole wheat in breakfast foods and bread. Shredded Wheat Biscuit is 100 per cent, whole wheat grain prepared in a digestible form—contains more real nutriment than meat or eggs or potatoes and costs much less. Serve with milk or cream, sliced peaches, bananas or other fruits.
/I
/
Peaches
v
Z
22»
Colts show to best advantage if taught to stand and lead before they are taken into the show ring. Teach them to walk and go through all the paces to which they will be subjected by the judges. Grooming the coat, combing and decorating the mane and tail, add much to the appearance of a show animal.
The exposure of young horses to the short spells of severe weather which occur frequently during the fall, causes a shrinkage in live weight and is a hindrance to rapid and economical de-f velopment. Older horses seem to stand this sort of treatment with less loss. It it doubtless true that animals become accustomed to winter weather but frequent changes from fine fall weather to bad storms retard gains in colts without shelter.	|
Four yearling Percheron fillies with an average weight of 1169 pounds on pasture, with a ration of six pounds of corn and oats (one-half of each by weight) daily shrunk an average of 32 pounds each during the spell of severe weather on October 18 to 20
t
are the most valued treasure on the preserve shel£
*

Conducted by Professor Henry G. Be IL

The ebjeet ef thle department le te place it th*
farm readera the advice of. an "cknow all subjects pertaining to soils one
i e	> «w ?	y*..


service of our edged authority on erope.
Lantic
Sugar
Lentic pure Cane Sugar, with Its fine
granulation, I» best for all preserving,
.	10, 20 and 1001b. sacks
2 and 5-lb. cartons
Addrsae all questions to Profeaeor Henry Q<-Ball, ears of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, ! rsplo, and anewere will appear In this column n t o order In which they are received. Ae space le limitée H le advisable where Immediate reply la necessary tna „	^	a stamped end addressed envelope be enclosed with t
Henry Q. Beti. question, when the ««ewer will be mailed direst




/
Atlantic Sugar Refineries Limited
MONTREAL

m
Question—B.E.W.:—I have a field no grain drill ia available any broadcast of corn which la now clean and grow- distributor will work, applying the ing very rapidly. I wish, however, to fertilizer broadcast and working it in grow a green crop to plow under neat by harrowing and disking, When year; and have a farm that has been fertilizer ffi applied with a grain drill r run quite badly; but as you know, the at planting time it should be allowed corn crop this year Is very late, and to run in the hole to each side of the its value, if matured, will be greater one which drops the beans and not in than qsual. Will the sowing of a cov- the hole dropping the seed. Some er crop now interfere with, or detract • successful bean growers go over the in any way from the present crop rip- field twice, the first time drilling the
And how much vetch | fertilizer and the second time sowing
This works the fertilizer
t
Vi
I
Silage As A Grain Substitute
By E. W. Gage
Made in Canada,
The* prevail ing high prices of grain low in dry matter, owing to an	unfeeds in the face of very • moderate fortunate season. The silage	was
prices paid for dairy products have re- found to contain 18.63 per cent,	dry	of las*	*ear’	an	Experimental	Sta
duced the dairy farmer's profits to a matter, 2.36 per cent, protein, 4.68	per	tion.	Aged	mares	in	foal	lost	only
mjsmmm mwm mm - y™--
s™ir:~—IS5 -îe:::::'1
it is an old savinif but cannot give any reason that there are more bees at the portion of the ration might have upon Silage is a Grain Substitute They gave their merry youth away	Keep the temperature as near 32
. reason* y Will vou kindly advise time that the flowers of the second the production of milk, butter-fat, gain	Comparing the average daily pro-	For country and for God.	deg. Fahrenheit as you can; the ideal
*11V <migh "vour columns if there is crop are in blossom than there are for in weight, cost of ration, and con-	duct of each cow for the entire test	range is	between 30 and 36 Fahrenheit,
anything to this snd if so state why it the same period of the first crop. The sequent profit.	| with her average daily product for the God rest you, happy gentlemen,	Potatoes in large quantities will not
should not be done	seed should be cut when about two-	The general plan of this experiment	month previous to the change in ra-	Who	laid	your	good	lives	down,	freeze	at	28 deg.	Fahrenheit	if expos-
Answer*_Growing beans	should	he	thirds of the pods are filled; otherwise	was to compare two rations which	tion (or the first month of their test	Who	took the khaki	and	the	gun	ed	to	this	temperature	for	not	more
cultivated very carefully Men who the earliest filled pods will shatter and should carry as nearly as possible the, in the case of two cows), the cows fed	Instead	of	cap	and	gown.	than	an	hour	or two.
handle large areas of beans say that 8om€ *eed will be lost From two to same amount of dry matter and nutri-	the silage ration shrank 2.84 per cent.	God	bring	you	to	a	fairer place	To	figure	space allow 1% cubic feet
most of the work should be put on the flve bushels per acre is an average enta. In one ration these nutrients ; in milk and gained 1.89 per cent, in Than even Oxford town.	for each bushel of potatoes.
mm	SPi
cultivation of beans when the niant meet the coming winter conditions, cent of this dry matter was dérived cows an average of fifty-seven pounds, land, which Is not In good physical
has made maximum' growth such as The hot weather which has just past, from silage and less than eighteen per The facts reported seem to justify condition. It is also the best grain ! Store only clean potatoes. Potatoes vou will find at blossoming lime will should not have injured the seed pros- cent, from grain. In the other over	the conclusion that silage can be made	for alkali or acid soils. The	crop	is	breathe.	Dirt < hokes "heir respira-
out off a large nercent of the small P*cts unless the ground is very sandy fifty-seven per cent, of the dry mat-,	to take the place of considerable grain	hardier than Winter wheat, and, there-	tion. (	over the floor completely be. .	n the lows ' The roots and has dried out.	ter was from grain, no silage being that is being fed to dairy cows in var- fore, Is surer when grown under ad fore you - e po"i i^ :	m ?< top <d
are the conveyors of plantfcod. Then Question—HJ.:—I am trying ai- fed.	ious dairy sections. Growing more verse soil and climatic conditions each other,
if you cut off the root you are to a f*lf* this year for the first time with- The silage used in the test was a feeds rich in protein—clover, alfalfa, certain extent starving the plant out a nurse crop. I will give you a mixture of one ton of soy beans and	soy beans, cowpeas, field peas, vetches
Fiom blossoming time to the filling of brief outline of what I did and ask cowpeas to two and a half tons of sil-	—and ensiloing them, or feeding them
the puds of beans is a critical period your advice as to the next move, age corn. There were nearly twice	as hay, will be possible to further refor the bean crop. At such	a	time	it	Flowed seven acres this spring, three	as many soy beans in the mixture as	duce the amount of feed cost, and to
requires a good supply of	water;	*cres bean ground last year, four	cowpeas. ‘ The silage corn was very	increase the profits of the dairy herd.
acres two-year meadow ; worked it un-1 --
til about June 25th; sowed . ground limestone on it, using about ten tons to the seven acres. Then I inoculated alfalfa seed and put it on about one peck per acre and dragged it in it once with a peg-tooth. The field is heavy elay for the most part, with a few sandy places. The field is rolling so it is pretty well drained. The seed
üP IsSïsWJ HHü
Answer:—As a rule, beans should dress it quite heavy. What would you to p)ay outdoors until nine o clock were snickering behind their hands	^ a flat tile or plate A mixture call- ! said« from °,nt f?;mily to another so
LAÏÎwer:-! believe you have handl- "ZglfterÂLZI iTLdwIth ing ^hemZldJTnd; 'but^ ^ %% j/Z ^AüÆhalTan.^ %ey%rteT:ll\r unwritten
ZuîrÆS ïtt'fes g-	S5,rtsrsa	-dd ^ d"pi " •- sür."Z2.srüri z
the beans have been absolutely free of	would give it a second top-dressing	housès, or	hide and seek round	the	seated, Alan."	.	.	«bape of a	bit of farm produce 4o be
dissase you may safely plant another	either late in the fall or early in the	houses, or	shouting like Indians,	just	Then came the great surprise:	The	E.B.S.:—1. Uere is	a good recipe	delivered to	the giver of the books for
crop next year where these stand. The	spring. My thought is that too heavy	for fun.	#	teacher made a speech;	she said	she	for oatmeal	muffins:	Take	one-half	the town	poor among whom :sh#
last point is really the point of	* top-dressing might smother out Spring, summer, fall and winter, it	knew that Alan always	went to	bed	cupful milk,	one well-beaten	egg, one	worked
greatest importance, since bean dis- some of the tender plants. If after waa the same while Alan was a lit- ' early. How did she know it? Be- teaspoonful butter, one tablespoonful The fines filled as real a need as the
e«Ms live in the soil for one or two	cutting and manuring, the	crop does	tie boy - his bedtime when he went to	cause he always came to school fresh	sugar, one cupful flour, into which has	reading matter had filled; and since
yeaM On your light sandy loam	not make a good healthy	growth, I	school was eight o'clock.	and rested, bright of eye and ready	been sifted two teaspoonfuls baking,n* farmers have begun to realize the
soil you certainly will have to provide would advise you to top-dress still	Alan was well, and he learned his	for work. She said she could tell	powder and one cupful oatmeal mush.,	faCt, they carry their tributes straight
Dlantfooû for next year's crop if you further with 200 lb», per acre of ferti-	lessons easily. Both his father and	who sat up late .and who went to bed	Stir well together and bake in hot	to the doors of the recipients. Scarce-
expo t a good crop. The problem i»	Hier carrying 1 to 2 per	cent, am-	his mother told him that he was	well	early by the work they did in school,	muffin pans in moderate oven. 2.	jy a week comes that the country peo-
just the same as is faced in feeding	monia, and 10 to 12 per cent phos-	and that his eyes were bright and	that	She could pick them out and name	Perspiration stains can be removed	p|e 0f the magazine circuit fail to
calves If you expect the calf to do phoric acid. This will tend to invigor-	he learned his lessons so easily be-	them if she chose. z	from a blouse by soaking in strong	bring In a little farm produce—turnips
well from one year to another, you ! ate the plant and give the crop	cause he went to bed early every night	When the teacher said that, several	salt water before washing. 3. The	or berries or, in early spring, samples
have to look out to supply an abund- strength to withstand winter condi-	He thought they were mistaken, but	little girls turned red, and at least one	best and simplest way to mend a tom	of the new green vegetable , that city
WÊfm wweaaas w -VTO	•	n	say ^ Instead, he kept boy looked foolish and ashamed. But net curtain is to dip a square of net dwellers-
his thoughts about it to himself. the teacher did not mention any cut to fit into cold starch, lay on the j The outcome of the plan has l»een ' Then one day came him great sur-	names; she only said that	she	was	wrong side of the curtain over the rent	the establishment of a friendly circle
pri»e. It was in June, a few weeks	sorry that Alan was the only	one	who	and iron with a hot iron.	4. A letter	that widens steadily. Good reading
before the long vacation, and just the dared to stand. Then she advised all of acknowledgement for a wedding ( pUt into the hands of appreciative kind of day when everyone wishes to	except Alan to open their books and	gift which has been sent by a whole	people; the people themselves are
outdoors, even the teachers. Birds	study their lessons. But she told Alan	family should be addressed to the	brought into touch with others whose
were singing, and the air was sweet	to go home and hive a good	time; he	mother but should contain	mention of	material needs are greater than their
with the smell of roses. A gentle	had earned a holiday.	the other members. 6.	It is good	own; and the poor becomi the benefl-
breexe wandered into the schoolroom, Alan walked a step at a time,—a form to display wedding gifts in a eiaries of a unique form of spontane-as it to call the boy» and girls outside step at a time, politely,—until he room especially set apart for them. fi. giving. A great deal more than to play.	1 reached the big outside door; then he When wedding gifts are on view the reading matter, in fact, is put into
.£9 children were not studying their flaw down the teps and ran home at cards of the ionors should be remov- circulation, lessons as If they cared at all who the top of his speed, to get into the ed. 7. The best man usually takes	|	I
General Wolfe warn, or where the automobile on the front seat beside charge of the wedding ring the factories in the towns you mention, highest mountains art, or the longest Lee for the ride into the countryl	clergyman's fee.	jbet they in common with all other
river* or the largest cities or how to	,	-+--- Would-be Benefactress —How does plants in Canada just
spell hard words	'	«duration must be of character the following idea appeal to you: A gaging any mote workmen
Alan was thinking of his tig broth- rather than of mere learning, for Oer- woman living in a small town ortginat- contrary they are dirmisring er, Lee, who was in the high school, many has shown us during these ' ed a novel plan for circulating read employees, a, the supply of The high school boys had a holiday dreadful days that the possession of j ing matter among her neighbors of tion is abrndart and the demand is that afternoon, and Lee had planned knowledge >turns a modern man Into the odtiying country districts . Her steadily decreasing. It w-mld be bet-to take the baby sisters, Leurs and the moat dangerous type of savage ' first step was to collect among her ter to seek employment at some other
Storing Potatoes
enlng early? and rye should be sown per acre?
In storing potatoes a cellar or half cellar is best. The material used in
the seed
Depth under
Doors or win-
Your

t:

hence any injury to its root system should be carefully avoided. Another reason /or avoiding cultivation at blossoming time is that there is a tendency during damp weather to spread bean disease, by the bean spores being carried by the cultivator or on the shoes or clothing of the workman.
Question—R.F.D.:—I have this year planted beans on heavy clover sod and have a fine crop of beans. I have been
ride irjto the country. Little brother Alan Vas thinking of that when the teacher said to all the children, “You may lay aside your books for a moment, if you please^'
Quickly all the children closed their books and sat straight, glad to listen to what the teacher had to say; they were expecting a surprise. The next

s
V/m
Conducted 6x 7(e(eAx dour
I
)
Mothers and daughters ef all ages are cordially Invited to write to 1 department Initiale only will be published with each question and ¦newer •• a means ef Identification, but full name and address mu* given In each letter. Write bn one side of paper only. Answers win lied direct If stamped end add eased envelope Is enclosed Address all correspondence far this department ta Mrs Helen Law.
S/ories
Alan's Great Surprise
Woodbine Avi„ Toronto.
Daughter:—The author of “Martha magazines that she could find. After By The Day" is Julie M. Lippmann. sorting and arranging | * | ¦"	“

of suitable food. Now fertilisers are carriers of plantfood-and al-
lions.
ave
A Scotch
A Scotchman born
Retort
1 and bred
though the plantfood which you added this year may not all have been H PHPVHH used up, yet I am of the opinion that HenrX Oliver, the new Deputy-Chief of you will find it profitable to make an the recently reorganised Admiralty, tion of plantfood on next year's baa a large fundw>f Scotch stories, crop. On light sandy soils, as- One of the beat concerns a certain pedally if they are low in organic beadle whose duty It was to show via, matter, it is profitable to top dr. v itora over the* remains of an old abbey, “somewhere beyond the Tweed," On one occasion he had performed this service for a lady who, on leaving him at the churchyard gat*, re warded him only with barren thanks.
, Sir
er:
t>r land after plowing in the spring with 6 to 8 loads of well rotted manure to the acre. This^houl ted by the addition o That* or a complete fertiliser high in available phosphoric acid, at the rate pf 200 to 400 pounds per acre. If largest yields of beet quality are to ^¦¦^¦¦¦M fertiliser, of
d be eupple-of acid phoe
Mrs. C. D.:—Yes, there are munition

new are f ot en-<• the
he:r
ed
“Well, my leddy, when ye gang hame, if ye fin’ oot that ye have lost your purse, ye mann recollect that ye
WÊÊ
¦Vf
1 bean growers apply the
fertiliser through the fertiliser • Hash-
Crowded strawberry plant* m
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Thin 'em out!
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
OUNCE HALL, SUWVILLE :
fresh eggs, and aï-excellent prices.
iota mainly as y aye command Egyptian eggs furnish five per cent, if total Imports In 1913. They are îaually of good quality and pack, but hey are very small, not much larger ban pullets' eggs, and are always iold at a discount on account of their Their season also is different rom that of Canadian storage eggs. Hiey are usually on the market from he beginning of January to the end if April, while Canadian and Rushan storage eggs both sell, prlncipal-y, from October to December. Kgyp-pre war transportation costs 4s per case of 120 dozen from Xlexandrta to Liverpool or Hull.
“The Canadian packing Is reported o he highly appreciated by the Liverpool trade. The thin cases forraer-y used gave much dissatisfaction on iccount of their liability to breakages, but most shippers have now reduced these by heavier eases which through, gen< lly, in very satin this respect,
every Canadian woman in one step by the War Time Elections Act.”
It is apparent that the leaders of the woman’s franchise movement in Canada quite approve of the stand taken by Sir Robert Borden. The following despatch which appeared in the daily press a few days ago indicates this :
Toronto, Sept. 13.- -A letter signed by Mrs. F. H. Torrington, Mrs. Albert Goodcrhani, Mrs K. A. Stephens, and Mrs. L. A. Hamilton, and referring to the war time election bill, has lieeu issued.
The ladies subscribing to the letter represent the National Equal Franchise Vnion, the Daughters of the Empire, the National Council of Women, and the 1 httario XV C. T. I says :
chine guns until it was taken. Strong resistance was encountered at a redoubt on the Vpres-Roulera railway, west of Xonnbeke. This redoubt is a massive concrete steel struct it re and it withstood all of the shellfire poured against it. The British advanced on two sides and stormed the place with 1>ohi1m until its occupants raised the white flag. Similar tactics resulted in the fall of another great stronghold northeast of West hock.
The British casualties so far reported arc exceptionally light, the majority
being due to machine guns. British
planes again dominated the air. They were thick over the line of the British advance and carried out a vigorous warfare back of t he ( 1er man positions where tons of high explosive lsnubs were dropped, (ivrinan machines were far less active. A Urge numWu of prisoners have Ikhmi brought in, but it is im lioasible to give an accurate estimate ol the total.
HAITI CLEANS HOUSE.
THE EQUITY.
Changée That Were Brought About by the American Occupation.
Five years ago In Haiti there was on the whole Island not more than one mile of macadamized roadway, and the new streets, taking tlfe place of combination trails and sewers, are the roost noticeable changes brought about by the American oecuiwtlon.
But more remarkable than the streets is the astonishing sight of squads of Haitians actually cleaning the streets. Under tlie old regime the chief occupations of the male citizens of Haiti were cock tight lug and politics.
The refuse and smells have departed, and, better still, most of the children have disappeared from the streets They are actually at school, where by Haitian law they are supposed to be. but where by Haitian lawlessness only about 10 per cent of them ever used to
be.
About 4 o’clock every week day you wtlhsee tills nowly mobilized Infantry coming home In squads clean and. unfortunately for the picturesque value of Haitian highways and byways, now thoroughly provided with clothes
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 27, 1917.
0. Y. B. 1*0DGK, No. 304, meet* 2nd Wednesday of each month at * p. »,
W. B. N. Ho DO II **, Itec.-Secy.
L. O. L. No. 27. meets let Tueeday of each
month. |
Kdwahd Dale W.M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the lhh of each month
H. N. Hodoins.
W. Cmop. In Com
G. 0. McDowell, W. M.
ilso
Contrary to what some of the opponent* of the Government have l*een saying, the emphatic statement is made by Finance Minister, that excessive business protits arising out of the war u il! continue to he heavily taxed.
Rko. Hoixims, Secy.
tin
an
Ian
ye re
It eu. Hodoins, Com. Scribe.
Ami conscription orators in Montreal are being attended to by the Dominion lice since the Military Service Act lie-
Several have been placed
CLUBS.
t

The letter
came law
under arrest, and others will l>e treated
TIME OF MEETING :
“ The result of numerous enquiries convinced these women that, considering the peculiar conditions which prevail at the present time in certain provinces and the uncertainty of the results in granting a full franchise, it would K* desirable that a limited franchise should U- given as a war measure in order that Canada may do her full part in the war and remain true to her sacred trust t«* the Canadian men now fighting the battle of freedom."
According to the degree m
t kewist
which their sentiments find utterance
•ome
¦factory condition
hey contrast favorably with Amerl-packe. which still reach the mar-considerable extent, in
too frail to glvi quate pro-
There is
Austin - First Tuesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday
of each month.
t
Humor Found Everywhere.
Among those preeminently gifted with humor were Abraham Lincoln, Disraeli, Goethe and Heine, the late [jord Salisbury, Arthur Balfour, Dickens, Thackeray. Holding. Shakespeare, Queen Elizabeth, Henry VII!., Charles IL, Dr. Johnson, Charles Lamb, Emer-and Byron. The only persons who lack It altogether are madmen. Criminals as a whole are never without It. There Is the ease of one murderer at the bar In London who on being asked If there were any reason why sentence of death should not t>e passed upon him replied, “No; I am disgusted with the whole proceedings similar situation on Mug asked w hether he had a last request to make said, ••Well. 1 should like to learn to play the piano."—Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree.
an
The longest session <»t the longest Parliament since Vonfeiler.ition came to eml on Thursday afternoon last, without much fuss or feathers. Dissolution automatically takes place on the Till of October, and it is predicted the elections will come of during the first or second week of Decern Iter.
cet, to a
asos
mm t.» 11 ¦ • ii content Iso favorable comment on the leav-Hg of spaces between I lie slats for entllatlon, a matter that wns form-rly neglected to the detriment of the
Another point emphasized
an
i .1 luct
v dealers consulted n as t
of the strong, white, odorless
WHY EGGS ARE DEARER
son
¦ iy
illers, now extensively used 11mnv hrnwn sUawboard Oil1 3, loiiu-
li
World's Greatest Cantilever Bridge Completed.
i
An old an trusty official of the Parliament of Canada pissed to his reward on Thursday last in the person of Lt.-0)1. Henry 11. Smith, who had tilled the imputant ]
Arms for the House of Commons for
Fitting tributes to his
HAVE ÇAINED FLACK IN BRITISH
MARKET.
Prly much In evidence. Apart from other considerations, the white filler promotes sales by adding considerably to the attractiveness of the packing."
The Russian method of packing eggs, it Is explained, consists largely in reducing costa to a minimum. A six feet long by two feet In
QueW, Sept. *21. — After working >ineo Monday, the centre spin of the (Juvltev cantilever bridge was bolted into place yesterday afternoon and communication over the St. Lawrence between the north and south shores established. When lifting nitrations were ltvgun in the morning the spin had 30 feet to travel, and it did the trip with out trouble. The operations were conducted under conditions that were the worst since the hoisting Itegan, a nasty
puffy wind blowing clear onto the span at a rate that increased from 2*> miles an hour to over 30 miles. The test on
the greatest since it left as it swayed an inch and
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Russia May Yet Offer Serious Competition, but Cutting Off of Britain’s Usual Sources of Supply lias Given Extra Trade to This Country During the Three Years of the War.
Another in a
it ion of Sergeant at
FOH —
U IS
Shawville and District
TO WELL FOR
many years high character were paid by the Premier and the leader of the Opposition ju*t before the late eventful session closed.
use	.
width is used, and it contains 1,440 ?ggs, as compared with the Canadian thirty-dozen case. "In order to meet Russian competition after the war," the Commissioner says, ‘it w ill be necessary for Canadian diippers to lower production costs to i minimum, and one Important item n these must tie the cost of the
•avkage
.hirty-dozen case and fillers has been, lgured at 30 cents to 40 cents. The 'ost of the Russian 120-dozen case, mailed up, is placed at 2s,
rents."
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
—O'—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1017. and Spring Planting. 1018. including many new varieties which we alone control.
NE of the very obvious reasons why the price of etgs has been increasingly high in Canada since the outbreak of war three years ago is hat instead of keeping all her eggs it home, as was practically the case u 1914. Canada has been exporting arge consignments of eggs to Eng-and
1fty per cent, of her eggs from Rus-da, but that source of supply was ilmost completely cut off. aud the •old has been filled as far as possible
o
Pleasures of Irritability.
IiOarn how to la? irritable, any one says anything to you « I ways imagine be is trying to Insult you. Few appreciate the Innocent enjoyment to be had In snapping and snarl, in g at those we meet through the day. Have things got on your nerves. If things get on your nerves you will find it an easy matter to be sour and surly. After awhile you will find that most anything gets cm your nerves, especial I y people who are happy and cheerful. The idiots! Some people are born Irri table, others acquire it. and they all should have curses cussed upon them
When
Now than an election has become an early probability, rumors of divers kinds have liegun to final u]»on the misty surface of the political atmosphere. One t f these rumors has it that Mr. Roland Millar, District Magistrate, has a serious notion of relinquishing that dignified and lucrative position to become a candidate for the federal seat.
Inasmuch as Mr. Frank S. Cahill is the accredited standard l»earer of the Liberal Association, it is not clear where Mr. Millar (nr anyone else) would come
another convention is held and Mr. Cahill subjected to the process «if elimination, an ordeal which, at this
—o—0—0—
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free out-lit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
the span was
the pontoons, a half.
The cost of the Canadian
STONE and WELLINGTON
(Established 1837)
The pinning up of the central span to the hangers that are to permanently support it marks the successful accomplishment of an engineering feat without equal in the annals of cantilever bridge building, and gives to Canada the credit of creating a structure the largest of its class in the world.
After the men had returned from lunch, with only a scant 8 foot to be hoisted, the excitement among the s|h'c-tators of the dramatic engineering effort was intense. Inch by inch the span rose till the tloor was level with that ot the two cantilever arms. Fascinated thousands watched the connecting of the links that are hereafter to bear the weight of the span. This was done by the driving of eight giant pins through the eye-holes of the hangers. The workers on the bridge waited pat iontly until these pins were in place, then half a dozen of them started a race to see who
the span to the other The crowd saw the running ,i good, plump, well- figures and a ripple ol applause broke
Ontario.
Toronto
or 48
Foimerly Great Britain got
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Homeseekers’
Excursions
THE UNCIVILIZED INDIAN.
ampaign Started on Tills Continent to Study Aborigines.
Not because the North American ndlan Is disappearing, as was Deleted a few years ago to be the case, >ut rather because he is merging, is here increasing interest and in-•reasing haste in the work of prelecting his habitat and its atmosphere. The American Museum of saturai History some time ago en-ered upon the meritorious task of producing a ser.es of picture groups it American aborigines, beginning vlth the Hopl, from studies as nearly tccurate as are at this time possible.
The Apaches, a tribe of unsavory eputatlon, but far from being as bad painted, have been chosen for the econd group. Because of the dittt-ulty experienced by the white setters of the Southwest in living icaceably with them, or near them, nd because of the difficulty tb-c-Vashington Government experienced n subduing them, they came to be egarded as a very troublesome peo-de. It cannot be Raid, however, that hey presented a greater problem ban the White River Vies, the Mooes, the Sioux, aud other tribes that ou Id not, while game was available o them on the plains or in the moun-ain passes, be tempted by the reser-atlon and the settlers' stores eputatlon of the Apaches for lawlessness, at all events, crossed the lean, and Paris long since applied heir name to the most dangerous rlminal class in the city.
It seems to be quite certain that he Apaches were corrupted by early
unscrupulous
>y eggs from Canada and the United States
•upj a strong pos on In tl British narket
To-day Canadian eggs oc-
Torpsdoes From a Submarine.
The torpedo from n submarine can be fired either while the submarine is on the surface or completely submerged.
Usually a submarine comes within ten feet of the surface, with only the periscope showing, and discharges its tor-
thvre is	sub-1
marine being, tired upon by the ship weak of the war imports of Cana-
« 5
ly and then tires.	ân| 0f Trade returns noting only
4,700 great hundreds (of 120 eggs) Well, No, We Hadn’t Noticed It n mi, none at all in 1912, and Have you ever noticed how an ex ^,950 In 1913. Home requirements tremely fat woman always acts as If ia(j 8o greatly increased that Can-sho was very much afraid some one ida had become a large importer of was going to steal her and how an ex- ( *ggs, and the total output was read-tremelv thin girl always acts as if she ly absorbed at satisfactory prices, was afraid some one wasn’t?	U the same time the increasing com-
petition of continental sources of .upply on the overseas market, fav-ired, as they were, by steadily grow-ng efficiency in organization for ejecting, packing, grading, storing, md marketing, lower production osts, and by a natural advantage of ;eographicaI situation, had brought prices to a level that ceased to hold tut special attractions to the shipper.
“The war had an immediate effect ipon these supplies, the total imports I Topping from 21,579,950 great hun-ireds in 1913 to 17,804.805 in 1914, .0,246,926 in 1915, and 6,606,411 in .916. Russian eggs, in particular, rhich had furnished over fifty per ent. of the total in 1913, dropped rom 11,453,277 great hundreds In .913 to 6,970,827 in 1914, 3,074,156 n 1915, and 734,525 or eleven per ent. of the total in 1916. This de-rease in supplies from the continent
in unless
The question which the Caladia n Trade Commissioner in Liverpool now ask* is whether or not Jan ad a can hold her greatly extend'd egg trade in the United Kingdom.
He points out that “during the fears immediately preceding the out-
v*.i£p of the game, lie might not feel dis-
Nor
To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, May
to (ietober, 1917.
Good going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 90t li, 1917. Return limit two calendar months from date of sale.
ospd to complacently submit to hies it seem likelv either that the en

prospective 64solid '
living glamour of Teiniscaminguc vote would be sufficient to induce Mr. Millar t<> enter the field
That
maxithl Luirier candidate
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shaw ville.
i .s a
And,
rather too risky a venturi after all, as the old saying, somewhat s\j" firJt
seems
could
icross
is
amplified, goe s nurtured bird is w- rtL a \\h »h ck ii
Leicester Rams
\s the ensign of the Canadian marine department floated out from the Bpi \ indicating that the river was again op i
Canadian Women will get the] for traffic and that the l>ridgv might l*
considered as officially completed, as far as the main work was concerned, the cheers developed into wild shouts. From the floor of the bridge locomotives tooted hysterically and the whistling was gradually taken up by the river steamers aad carried down the river to
the woods
A number of registered Leicester Hams for sale. Can be seen at Sheep barn during Shawville Fair, or communicate w ith
W. E. N. HODGINS,
Franchise
Too Much.
“Why did you quit that barberV “Well, I didn't like him. Every time he moved my head he wanted to use my ears as handles."
Shu w ville.
That the women of Canada appreciate the extension of the franchise to relatives of soldiers, and also appreciate the difficulties in the way of a general en-ranc hi semen t at the present time, it is shown by the manner in which the Franchise Bill has been accepted by the women *«f the country and advocates fur woman franchise. Sir Holiert Burden baa given a pledge without equivocation that be will, if returned to jmwvr, give the franchise to all the women of Canada,
STRAYED
Year old Bull, red and white (mostly red.) Strayed from the E. A. Gay 1er pasture about lastjof August. Information as to his whervaltoutH will be thankfully received by the owner.
Quebec.
Listeners in the city quickly caught the distant sounds of the del must ration and almost unanimously thousands of bells began to clang, while the streets were transformed by the bunting that ; «copie hurried to hang out the moment it was known for a certainty that the spanning operations had been success-
The
Shopping.
First Lady—Mrs. Smith Is too young to go shopping alone. Second Lady— What Is that? First Lady—She's liable to get excited and buy something.
ALEX BEAN.
Jt. K. No. 1. Shawville.

Immune.
Ella—There goes the luckiest gtrt alive. Bella—In what respect? Ella— Nothing she eats makes her fat—Harper's Bazar.	v
^¦witb
When the Spaniards tint ] SYNOPSIS OF CAN ADIAN NORTH
them, they
ere tractable and friendly. . Always omadlc In their habits, they follow-d the trail afoot up to the coming f the paleface
ealed to their friendship by giving hem the first horses that American ndiaus ever rode
ssociution bites.
aine in contact with
ful
Westland Regulations
The s;«an, which was raised by hydraulic jacks a height of 150 feet, is 010 feet in length, and weighs 5,000 tons. The arms of the cantilevers to which it is attached project from the piers a distance of 580 feet, making a clear span of 1800 feet.
Speaking in the House on Monday, Sept. 10th, the Premier declared :
44 We arc emerging to the |*«int at which the women of this country must l** entitled to the same voice in directing the affairs of this country as men. and *o far as 1 am concerned I commit myself absolutely to that pro-
/
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at tho commencement of the present war, and has
Mounted, they PilK* continued to be, roved to be excellent hunters. Later, <>** a subject of an allied or neutral coun beir horsemanship, and the firearms j try, may homestead a quarter section of or which also they were Indebted to | available Dominion Land in Manitoba, he white brother, proved to be for- | Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant
Lands Agency or Mib Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of tnree years.
In certain districts a homesteader may
SSKSiEsF ss-s ess
ncreased production of Canadian •ggg has enabled our shippers to take nil advantage of the situation. In 914 Canadian egg imports Into this ountry were 361,173 great hun-ireds, in 1915, 916,326, and lu 1916 L,431,778.
“Considerable complaint was made if the pack of eggs sent forward In 914, and the resulting condition in vhich the product reached the mar-jet. These Initial disadvantages, lowever, have been largely overcome ly the shippers, and at the present lme Canadian eggs occupy a very atiefactory position In the eyes of he trade. They are very attraettve-y packed, clean, and of the desired olor, of good size and weight, and, vhlle they must necessarily rank be ow Danish and Irish fresh eggs, they ire generally superior to all but the >est grades of Russian eggs, espe-ially aa regards else and appearance. They always command a premium of rom one to two shillings per case «ver American eggs.
The Canadian Commissioner prelicts that "the principal competition n the future wlll come from Russia. )anleh eggs, while an Important fac-or on the market, furnishing twenty ter cent, of total Imports In 1913, are argely sold as fresh eggs, bringing op prices, and they may be regard-•d is In a class by themselves. They re, moreover, largely distributed
1?""^o^m^lTwh^Sh* ar*fuUy11 graded^âs'to W 75
vhere, my dear friends, would Broker Mac (priceless old thing) hate
The Spaniards ap-
British subject
n
Humor of the Trench.
From the trenches on the western ront comes the story of a soldier's arrow escape from death and the evity displayed by a comrade, illus-rating how viewpoints change when sen get on the firing line.
Private Mac of an Alberta regiment ad a pious upbringing in his early ome In Scotland, and his religious nclinations did not desert him when .Is family settled on a farm in west-rn Canada. All through the war he ,as carried "Spurgeon's Sermons'' In ils breast pocket, and occasionally ie does some preaching, with his omrades In arms as the congrega-
British Launch New Offensive
i "
i
iLiable factors In prolonging race ar over a wide district.
They had many fearless chiefs, rnong them Black Hawk, not, how-ver, the one of the memorable Bla:k lawk War, who became an implac-blc enemy of the whites; and he
ira oui Geronimo, who displayed not ,	.	,.
nly surpassing bravery, but a hign j secure an aborning quarter section as
rder of military genius. Geronimo pre-emption. Price #3.00 per acre. !>»-finally captured by General ties—Reside she months in each of three Hie#, and the loss of this leader roke the spirit of the tribe.
11 the well-known Indian fighters »d scouts of the last half of the ineteentb century participated, at ne time or another, In campaigns gainst the Apaches.
As one result of the numerous exeditions against the Apaches, tho overnment collected a vast amount
f material bearing upon the habits | of three years, cultivate 50 acres and nd customs of the tribe, lany collections of Apache arms and tensile also were made, most of
British troops liegan a new offensive in Belgium last Wednesday which is n*i* rted to have been one of the most successful of the several drives undertaken this year. The Associated Press despatches speak of it as follows ;
\guin, speaking the following day, lie lared :
411 adhere entirely to the
1 have already expressed more than once in this House, namely, that the women of Canada, generally are entitled to the franchise, and if the people of this country should give me a mandate .it the next general election I undertake to carry out the purpose that I have already proclaimed.”
The Ottawa Citizen, w hich is an earnest advocate of female franchise, and a

pinion
tlv.it
Sept. 20.—The British offensive w hic h began at dawn over a mile front east of Y pres salient, found the attacking forces late today holding many new )>o*itions of vital importance and continuing the tight in German territory along a line which in many places represented an average» gain of a mile in depth.
Such redoubtable strongholds as Nuns Wo<k1, Glencorse Wood, Inverness L^opme, and Shrewsbury Forest, which have withstood numerous fierce assaults re centlfi were entirely over run by the British, w ho reached points well lieyond them.
The greatest gains have been made between St. Julien and Hollebek, which was as had I sen planned, for w ithin this stretch of country lie the important defences mentioned.
On the left of the line attacked heavy fighting developed on the high ground on either side of the Zonnebcke -Lange -part of the great cause of de- marck road.
HKwrary for which the Allies, including A number of strongly fortified farms the citizen soldiers of Canada, are giv- were encountered in this region and ing their lives. Clear seeing women can bomlied into submission. Among the*r afford to allow Sir Holiert Borden a was Schuyler farm, a short distance reasonalde time to carry out the equal southeast of St. Julien. Schuyler farm suffrage pledge be has given and not try held out long against attack and con to /one the Government to enfranchise i tinned to play on the British with ma
'as
years after earning homestead patent Nearly | and cultivate 50 acres extra. May ob-¦HHÉtain pre-emption patent as soon as
homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead
Must reside six months in each
ion
Private G of the same regiment acked the upbringing and the book ,f aermofis. but possesses a sense of
The two were In a group
4
f*per none too friendly to the Govern-
t Sir Robert s action in the
tumor
esting and smoking when a shot rom a German sniper hit Private dac In the breast, the bullet being leflected by the book.
Fearing that Mac was about to *m-irove the occasion, G "beat him to t" and In a fair imitation of his riend’s best preaching manner start'd in:
“Oh, dear friends, what a blessed hlng It was that our dear brother vasn't a reading of bis book of seras he ought to have been—la-
ment, praw
Price #3.00 per
following terms :
14 It is to the credit of Sir TV>l>ert Borden that he has done more for the of equal suffrage in Canada than any other federal stat taken the first definite step by enfran chising women relative on active service. He has also extended the franchise to the women on active
the same terms as the fran-
acre
A great | erect a house worth #300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Cap-
vlng in all the prlmltlveness of the ™ers *”° *iave	overseas and hate
fteenth century, but their number Is 1 l*en honoraWy discharged, receive one very year decreasing. Even the day priority in applying for entry at blanket” Indian la becoming rare In j local AgenSh office (but not Hub-Agency), i stricts where he once warn common- Discharge papers must he presented ta lace. It Is high time the museums Agent.	I
fere gathering In all they can find if j ppertaining to the aboriginal Am rlcan, for'the prospects are that hie e amendants will soon be living as cdlnarliy as other civilised people.

He has
ii
f the soldiers
service on chine to men soldiers.
The cause of an emancipated woman kind is
dead of engaging in worldly conver-ation with sinful soldier men. For If
ige, the various selections weighing 3 pounds, 14 pounds. 16 pounds. 16 >ounds. 17 pounds. 18 pounds, etc , »er 120, while Canadian eggs prac-tcally all weigh from 14 to IS
Irish « ggs rank
W W\ CORY, Deputy Min ^rer Unauthorized
wee then?”
of the Interior, publication of
this advertisement will not he paid for
N. B.
There is a Bible written on palm saves in Gottingen University.
founds per 130 lomewhat lower than Danish, are
02144259
###PAGE###5###
rORPEDO BOAT DESTROYERS.
THE EQUITY,
TAILORING
Visitors to the Shawville Exhibition
September 26,27, 28,
They Are Unarmored end Are Helpleee
Against Gunfire.
Every one le familiar, of course, * It Li lbe ordinary torpedo boat, a swift vessel of from 400 to 000 tons In displacement, carrying no defensive armor, but armed with tubes for discharging the deadly torpedoes.
To counteract these wasps of the sea, according to the Popular Science Monthly, a type of vessel was design* »d of about double the size of torpedo »oats, a little greats* speed and In addition to torpedo tubes, armed with rapid fire six to twelve pounder guns, 'or the avowed purpose of destroying torpedo boats. Lately all the great nations bare stopped building torpedo joats as originally designated and are Dulldlng torpedo boat destroyers.
Recent engagements have developed the fact that terpedo boat destroyers iro used almost wholly as torpedo *>ats. So they are really battleship destroyers. To defend the capital iliIps from torpedo attack the dread-ia ughts and battle cruisers are armed tvltb secondary batteries of rapid fire tuna from four to six Inches In diameer. One well placed shell from a gun >f that size will ordinarily put a destroyer out of business, as the destroyers have no defensive armor whatever.
Interest*
i
\{ Shawville, County Pontiao, Que.
I dévot
IvJ
A
We have always in stock a
a good assortment for you to make choice of your suit from
Sa IHCHIPTIOJf, $1 AÏIAB Ilf ADVAf.ce.
if All arrears must he paid up before y paper Is discontinued.
advertising RATES.
Lez»l adfertlslng, 10 cent, per line for |*t Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business card» not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion | 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be glten on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be in-Horted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Ilirth. marriage and death notices pub dished free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
•ill
Are invited to visit our store, where they will find a good assortment of General Merchandise at prices within the reach of all.
We have also in stock
Aq up-to-date line of Fall Overcoats
in dark, gray and black.
fttl<
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
School Day Shoes

Wo are ready to show the boys and girls some attractive looking sturdy Boots. It is over six months since we placed this order for these Boots. Since then the wholesale price has advanced to practically our retail price. Our Boots are well made to stand up . against hard wear.
THE MARKETS.
TRESPASS NOTICE
SHAWVILLE
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Hunter*, trapjjers, fisher*, or très- ' passers of any kind are hereby notified to take warning that they are strictly forbidden to trespass in any manner whatsoever on the following lots, situated in the township of Calumet Island, namely :
Range 5—Lot 20.
Range 8—Lots 9, 10, 12, 13, lb A 17. 18, 90, :tl. 38.
Range 9—Lots 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 10, 17, 10, 19, 20, 23, 24, 25.
Range North—Lots, 25 and 20.
Flour per barrel $13.00 Wheat, pei bushel, $1.75 to 2.00 Oats, per bushel, 90c.
Beans per bushel, $7.00.
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls 30c Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Eggs per dozen 40c.
Wool, washed, 75c.; unwashed, 55c. Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
Men’s Underwear
CZAR AND KAISER.
Professional Cards.
While at the Exhibition let us show you our he-
light in weight and 75 per
Both Titles Mean the Same and Are Derived From Caeear.
tween-seasons Underwear, cent wool—just the thing for present wear.
It seems strange that two words so lifferent In sound and spelling as czar ind kaiser are the same. Doth are >ut changes made In the course of icarly 2.000 years in the word caesar.
All the Roman emperors took their It le from the first emperor—our old 'Mend of schoolboy days—Julius Cae-Wheu Charlemagne founded the ioly Roman empire and was crowned unperor, he took the name caesar or. n the frauklsh form, kaiser he modern German empire was eatable tied in 1971 the German emperor, A’lllinm I., grandfather of the present lalser, took the same title—kaiser.
Similarly the rulers of the eastern •mpire at Constantinople, successors to he old Roman empire, called them-eh es caesar. Every petty chieftain or irlnce In the territory surrounding the «•tern empire < "i"ed the custom and •ailed himself caesar or czargjgl* of time, however, the greatest
dr. a. h. beers
All [lersons found disregarding this warning will lx* dealt with as the law directs.
SURGEON DENTIST Camrhulls Day - • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGIM University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	.
(Licentiate of Dental Surgery. Quebec.
TafFetta and Paillette Silks
James Ostbom, James Letts, James Carswell
Out-of-town visitors can profit by our showing in this line. A very good range of colormgs.
The follow i ng a re last Saturdays quot allons :
Butter, in prints 10c to 43c Butter in pails 35 to 40c Eggs, fresh, Dor dozen 50 to 53c Potatoes per bag, $1.75 Pork per 1O0 lbs $20.00 to 22.00 Beef, per 1 00 lbs. $11.00 to $13.00 Oats per bushel 65c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.50
ta r
Dun raven, Sept. 1, 1917.
Fresh Neckwear
Handsome Collars, hemstitched and lace trimmed. Very new and moderate in price.
When
CONFEDERATION
S. A. MACKAY
“ Money Saved
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - — Que.
Is Money Made "
Get rates from
Fancy Chinaware
Take home a piece of Fancy China to decorate table. Spoon Trays, Cake Setts, Sugar and Cream (Jake Plates, Tooth Pick Holders, Mustard Pots,
INSURANCE
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
CONFEDERATION LIFE
your
Salads, Butter Tubs.
In the
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *0.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Est. 1871.
11 Maximum Insurance
•ourse
if these, the czar of Muskovy, conquer'd the other czars until he was the sole ir practically the sole ruler called czar, lowever, the king of Bulgaria, when a
he had himself crowned
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND REST
at Minimum Cost.”
COMPANIES.
G. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.
YOUNG MEN — Oui Special Military Policy is not to he equalled on the market ^ charge fOP Policy Fee. today.
ew years ago s king, took the title of czar
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
Call or write for Hates and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Consult our Agent today
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE. AC
The Gordian Knot.
As the old legend goes, the father of he Greek King Midas, once king of ’hrygia, was originally a poor peasant Che people of Phrygia being much dis-urbed
hat a wagon would bring them a king vho would put an end to all their roubles. Not long after this saying, lordlus (Midas’ father), suddenly ar-ived in the midst of an assembly of he people, riding in his wagon.
•nee, to the great surprise of Gordius, hey made him king. In his gratitude lordlus dedicates the wagon to the god Ccus, and it was placed In the acropo-is at Gordlum. The pole of the wagon vas tied to the yoke by a knot of bark, tnd a second oracle declared that whoever untied that knot should reign over ill Asia. It was Alexander who untied he knot by cutting It with his sword, bus assuming himself to be tbo man •eferred to by the oracle.
it is a law of the trenches
îomo.
hat at night the men must sleep on heir arms, that *s to say, sleep, if hey sleep at all, in their greatcoats, Nothing and boots, with equipment
This is an interesting letter writ- mil munition buckled on and rifle
n hand, so as to be ready to ‘stand
To ‘stand
BRECKENRIDGE
WITH THE RED WATCH.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
ir Visits Shawville every Saturday.
Some Anecdotes Told of the Toronto
Kilties.

TRESPASS NOTICE
an oracle had informed them

i Any person or persons found tres-i passing in any manner whatsoever on I Lots in and 20 of the First Kange of SEALED TENDERS addressed to | Bristol, after this notice, will be prose-the Postmaster General will 1* received cutcd a* the law directs.
< Htawa, until noon, on Fipity, the
26th October, 1917, for the conveyance of His Majesty’s Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six tunes (*er week on the route
Mail Contract.
ceo. c. wricht, K. c. sc':,::::!"
»q. Toronto "kiltie" regiment of some	ipets ready to repel or take part in
I twenty-six years’ standing, whose	m attack. In the trenches the men
men and officers volunteered as a	stand to* at least half an hour before
unit in 1914 for service overseas,	iayllght and remain in readiness to
They got it, too. After the battle of	nan the parapets until half an hour
St. Julien they mustered 212 strong	ifter dawn. Then they are ordered
out of 1,034, yet remained gluttons	o ‘stand down/ The first duty of a
for fighting. Paraded.in line before	ioldler after he 'stands down is to
King on Salisbury Plain the front	: ake out his oil-bottle and cleaning
anyfiriTE	I rank men stood, every one Of them, apparatus and clean his rifle. Then
¦	iriTOR	six feet tall or over. A large pro-	j ie takes off hi. puttees, boots, and
BARRI > TER & SOLIvliUlt	portion 0f them were from the pro-	, locks, rubs his feet to restore cirri i xrpDCT T Q R A V	OTTF	fessions and business. Colonel Cur-	| «ulation, and If he has an extra pair
VAML !)C*L<L<o	|rte |g a business man, who was form- >r socks he puts them on, or if not,
Wed- lerly a Journalist. After this sentence ie changes his worn ones from one you will be reading his own words:	oot to the other, puts on his boots
"While Fraser's regiment was in ind puttees again. Cotton socks are garrison at Quebec (1769-65 A.D.) rery uncomfortable, for when a man an Incident occurred that was later itanda all day and sleeps at night in on duplicated In Flanders. Owing ! ils boots, the socks, if the threads to inclement weather In Quebec, ire hard, will leave a mark in the
Unless the men remove their
o' at a moment’s notice o' means to fall In behind the par-
ue commanded the
A > v g date i Barrister,
At
ARTHUR MELDRCM
Bristol, Sept. 1, 1917.
196 Main St. - Hull.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
<
Charteris Rural Route No. 2
via Greennount, Rooney, Creemorne and Thorn by, from the Postmaster General’s pleasure.
Printed notice** containing further information as to conditions of proposed Contract may be seen ami blank forms of Tender may be obtained at the Post Offices of Charteris Greermount, Rooney, Creemorne, Thornby, and at the office of the Post Office Inspector, Ottawa.
Sheriff s Sale
Superior Court.—District of Montreal.
Province of Quebec,)
No. 5191.	/
LE CREDIT FONCIER, F. C., plain-till ; vs. F. PAUL, et al., defendants ; and MIRES DE LORIM 1ER & CIE., distrayants.
The loto of land numbers fifty three and fifty four of the third range of Duhamel township, containing, each of said lotiL one hundred fieies—with the buildings thereon erected, appurtenances and dependencies, tow known under the numbers fifty three and fifty four (53 and 54) of the third range of the official plan and book of reference of Duhamel township.
To lie sold at the registrar’s office for the county of Temi.seaming, in the village of Ville-Marie, Que., on the NINTH day of OCTOBER, 1917, at TEN o’clock in the forenoon.
BERNARD J. SL< >AX,
Sh< : ill
Bryson, Que., 1st September, 1917. [First publication, 9th September, 1917.]
Will be in Fort Uoulonge every mesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Mad# For Concealment.
Stick Insects, which are so called >ecause of their resemblance to dry .ticks, have two forelegs, which they old over their eyes when disturbed ind evidently think that In so doing hey are lost to view.
The eggs of these Insects take over dx months to hatch. They are only me tenth of an inch In their widest imrt, yet an insect which at hatching s three-quarters of an Inch in length s packed Into them.
The stick Insects destroy the weak-lags soon after they are-hatched by •ating their legs.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST., HULL
some of the officers In authority de- eet.
elded that the men should discard	locks, boots, and puttees once a day,
their kilts and don trousers. The	hey are liable to 'frost bite, cobble
Will attend Courts	and	Business In the I	0fflcers and men of the regiment	eet’ or varicose veins. The troubles
District	of Pontiac,	|	would not hear of It; the historian of	;oon render them fit for hospital.
the regiment says that the kilt was 1 xfter rifle and feet are attended to,
and he men shave. Our men shaved
P. T. COOLICAX,
Post Office Inspector
Post Office Inspector's Office, Ottawa, Sept. 12th, 1917.
acres m super
retained winter and summer, and he men shave. Uur men snavea that ‘in the course of six years the jvery day, and were proud of their doctors learned that in the coldest ;lean appearance in spite of the mud. winters the men clad in the highland )ne man was brought before me, garb were more healthy than, those ihortly after he went into the regiments that wore breeches and
GEORGE E. MORENCY
Shingles for Sale.
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
, H. T. ABOVE.
Shawville, Que.
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR i were more healthy than, those j ihortly after he went into the
all kinds ok	regiments that wore breeches and rencbes, for neglecting to shave. He
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of warm clothing/ In the trenches at explained that he had served in one Lot< Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Neuve Chapelle an agitation arose to >f the South African wars, and that Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ac.	give the kilted Canadian soldiers in m service there he was expected to
—— -j-rurur	s Ksrsrcs :	s
>n water-pails in the morning, they >rders. His comrades, who had 162 Wellington St. - • Hull. wou\& not hear of anything of the warned him against trying to put > Phone : Queen 030.	kind. Their health was similarly inything over' on the commanding
I food, colds being unknown.	ifflcer, 'gave him the laugh.' He
"It Is strange how the idea seems isked to see me, and expressed so
PCnDP.r UYNPSlioget hold of a man, the minute he nuch regret that I forgave him. He G w	n	¦	iw	j retl lnt0 than uniform, that he is a was a splendid soldier, and h's fine
fully fledged soldier. In Canada, for example made a rule for the others." g	| rears, we had no regular soldiers,
Embalmer and Funeral Director iDd the training generally was of a
Kind patterned after the South Afrl-
Main Street, Shaw ville . :an war. straw hats and overalls
were worn by the inftntry, and the .	.	_	...	, rregular cavalry swagger was the
PiPSOnaUttentlOn.OpenallnOUrS. I :aihion. It was fondly Imagined that
Canadian who could shoot itratght and who had a week’s train-ng would be Just as good a soldier is a regular of the King’s first army.
, ______ . kllftl/>i "I had done everything In my
and EMBALMING] *>wer to suppress gambling and
(wearing amongst the men. On sévirai occasion when individuals were paraded before me for bad language l had reprimanded them, and inform -id them that strong language was always left to the officer commanding This particular morning some choice words had to be used to get
They moved.
Restless Nature.
Nothing In nature Is absolutely per* nanent. Changes are going on slowly, >ut steadily, every moment, parts of be earth being elevated above the sea, isrts sinking below It, the ocean wear, ng away the coast In one place and luilding It out In another, and so on to nflnlty.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Sheriff s office,
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
to all Proprietors of Beal Estate and Resident Householders of this Mnuici-palitv, that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has I teen made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, «luring which time it may be amended ; any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which shall l** taken into consideration an«l homologat *4, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the commissioners to take place on the 20th day of October at my offii-e, at the hour of one o’clock in the afternoon ; but such delay expired, it shall come into force, atid every jwrson .iterated, after haring taken «¦••grill »nre thereof, if he so désira, shall l.y the amount of bis taxes to the unde:
1, at her office, within the twenty <Uys following the said delay of thirty jay#, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this nineteenth
th of Bents us ber. IS17.
m. a. McKinley,
FARM FOR SALE.
Asphalt.
Asphalt, with which so many road» ire paved, was found by accident, if any years ago In Switzerland natural •ock asphalt Was discovered, and for nore than a century It was used for be purpose of extracting the rick (tores of bitumen It contained.
A Great Country.
The enthusiasm of the Canadian loldier for his own country •flowing with milk and honey" gives ;he tone of his description—will as luradly result In a great tide of settle rs from the Old Country after the zlose of the war. Who could fall to >e impressed by the remark, made sy way of encouragement to an English pal: "Don't worry, sonny. We zan swamp this little island with fraln. Why, on my farm, before I joined up, we stored the stuff In the )pen air. And when that was filled jp we had to use the barns."
Good dairy farm, part of Lots 4 and 5, first Concession of Bristol, containing 300 acres—100 valuable bush.
Will sell 200 acres of above property. For particulars apply to
G. T. DRUMMOND,
Bristol, Que.
land
t
iny
UNDERTAKING
In Constant Training.
That ballet dancer Is wonderfully •xpert/*
-Well, she never gets out of practice •or a minute. She Is always kicking." —Kansas City Journal.
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
W. J. HAYES
For sale a property situated on the north side of Lang St., being lot No. 88. A good dwelling bouse, stable, kitchen and well. Very centrally located. For particular.
SHAWVILLE
-(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
1 call» will receive prompt per aonal attention

Poisoning Rabbit».
Poisoning by mean» of phosphor-sed grain Is said to be an effective Deans of checking the Increase of rabbits In certain parts of the Colonies.
-Popl”
-Welt what la It now?”
Say, pop. did the dog star ever have be dipper tied to Its talir
E. McCUAIO,
Shawville, Que.
i
the
104
ranaport moving
lowever, to the tick of the clock and îergeant-èiajor Grant, with a grin m bis face, suggested that froaa now >n there would be no more swearing m the ranks, as everybody was quite
TOR'8 SRteSSe0* sSmSI: I î#r*î^QualLDcation» toTh“rÜîd°“
FOR SALE
m

R

1 year old Shropshire Ram ; also
A Large Apple.
ram lam ha
'ROMPTLY SECUR
The planet Return baa two rings.”
A "Gloria Mundl" apple, reported to be the largest In the world, was recently sold at Covent Garden for ititeen guineas. j
1 Durham bull calf
day of the r

jfisyBROWNLKK.
R. R. So. 1 Shawville.
"Only two! They must be doing pretty well with municipal reform.”
11 4
###PAGE###6###
trouble compiled the skipper to rngke	BRITANNIA'S ROLL CALL. YoU Can Do YoUcJBit
«StSksr*. *&:£ziSL'z a t LnTT«^r,^tt
boiler pipes would not drew, and all And every man was but the ghoat breakfast foods and bread.
•“-v ntrt:	zis.^» — mm j»-«¦-*
from monte video.	,%"'.C'CZ s™ "wm .n,I cri, pi.. -h=K ¦ grain prepared in a digestible
| for the bollor to cool, then unscrewed And answered, while with bus >e form—Contains more real nU-
with a magneto, as the engine starts	- !	^ Splicing "he BritZi. called the roll.	| triment than meat Or CggS Of
• I beat when magneto spark is advance . Amazing Voyage h"y One Who Wanted door, the (1res were relighted and	potatoes and COStS much ICSS.
25HStou'tiMsrs
and loosens more of it. Careful tin- p|y^ng the chain. One is to ( rap j	I veggei WR8 drifting, sideways and Who had, and gave you all,	Other lruitS.
ing will prevent this to a great extent. Qver the wheel, the other is to lay U| In those days of enemy submarines bliekwarda	Noblesse oblige—at your command,
Every time you change a wire wheel on the ^und and run the car over it. and mines any kind of sea voyage In a Unce we went trough the opera Through war’s red gate we passed put grease on the metal surfaces of Th(J l#tter method, apart from the dtr- hazardous undertaking What, then, | tJon |n a terrlflc ga|e *|th four feet of To that strange unimagined land wheel spindle where the hub touches flculty of steering in straight over must have been a six-thousand mile water |h, „okehold. 1 think the Wherein the first are last It. If this is not done the wheel will 3omething you cannot see, has the ad- trip, In rough weather, on board a tiny o|)]y reagon why we dld not founder
rust and stick to the spindle and it dpd disadvantage that the chain on a tug 7	wag ,hat gome member of our crew We are the men who died for you
will be extremely difficult to separate. muddy road k in bad condition to Quite recently the writer undertook w>( born ,0 be hang,d.	In	stifling,	baffling waves;
Be careful that the spare tire on the handle. So drape it over the wheel such a trip. It occupied over eleven At Tenerlffei which was reached on For us no tears, as tribute due, rear of the car does not hide part of and you wiU have a much cleaner job. weeks, and Involved enough hair- ! U|e n|nth day out all but two of-the On peaceful'churchyard graves, the number plate, and that the plate Apply it in such a way that the points breadth death dodging to last him a men demanded to be paid off. On the instead, our weary bones are tossed Is properly lighted at night. The police ^ the cross links are away from ® long lifetime.	captain refusing to comply, the dis- To alien deeps and bourns,
in many sections are enforcing the law tire 80 as to prevent them from cut-. For some time 1 had been In the era- conteist8 began to steal the ship's Where «inly for the loved and lost
very strictly, and you will find that:^ng into it.	Plo> of/ a meat-canning concern at etore8 an<j sen these ashore, with the The lone seabird mourns.
¦ ¦ fine is a very expensive way The proper use of the extra or spare Monte Video. Uruguay, South Ameri- rpsulf twat one or two 0f the ring
tire which every autoist should carry jta; but for various reasons.. both : leftderg found thelr way lnto gaol.
When following other cars on a will enable him to wake such examina-^ national and peronal. I wished to re-, KventuaUy flye were discharged, so
r%dden%Z	hlt'% ATrlguhlr%^^^^
running the car slightly off the road, be used to replace one of the se gett ng a passage to England w as Ag u happened, however, though we If there is room, so that if the brakes tires, and the one removed should be lth easy chixip After one or W(;re now the war zone and en-
,ost'%„:el:	«.r
M&mssBtamm
6,000 MILES IN
A COCKLESHELL
wMm
O
O
vain
-^JÈsë
TO ENGLAND

Stitches in Time

à
Made in Canada.
paying a|	I
to learn of such mistakes
We are the men who died for you, From factories, shops, and farms; We dropped the tasks we used to do And changed our tools for arms. And in the inch by inch advance Through labyrinths of caves,
We filled the ruined fields of France With harvests of fresh grave*.
We are the men who died for you, * The disinherited,
The low-born, slum-bred, reckless few Who also fought and bled.
In life dishonored and denied,
With the elect we stand,
They asked us where we lived and died,
We said—in No Man’s Land. \
We are the men who died for you, Gathered from ends of earth,
As welcome and as loyal too As men of English birth,
We gave to serve our mother's needs Our love, our blood, our breath,
Of different breeds and different creeds,
Rut brothers all in death.
CARVING FACES FOR WAR HEROES
we
WOUNDS OF BATTLE COVERED
BY MASKS.
War Now Makes Art a Supplement to the Surgeon's Skill in Badly Mutilated Cases.
TRUE TO FORM
Bedlam Aboard
Easier to be Heroes in the Trenches Than to be Heroes at Home.
In France, nowadays who have won medals are almost Perdlz was the ashamed, since they know that nearly
all of their comrades merit them. But it is often easier for them to be heroes In the trenches than to be heroes In their own families.
One of the men In our hospital at The first stage was to Rio Royanmont, says Miss Kathleen Burke a distance of just over one in The White Road to Verdun
We made It In dis- been in the trenches during an attack.
A grenade thrown by one of the At Rio our skipper left us, and the French soldiers struck the parapet first-officer, a young fellow of about and rebounded among the men. With twoand twenty, took charge certain he was many times sorry after- of the French character, Jules sat on
the grenade and extinguished it. For Pernambuco was our next port, or that act of bravery he was decorated should have been, but, owing to , by the French government, and wrote serious engine trouble, we had to put home to tell his wife. I found him back into Rio, and stay there for re- sitting up In bed, gloomily reading her pairs four days. Once again shipshape, reply, and I inquired why he looked W6 reached 'Buco all right, and then so glum trouble arrived in heaps.
It began among the men—a very
An entirely new form of art has been produced by the war, that of carving and painting artificial faces for men whose features have been badly mutilated either in war or by a serious surgical operation. Francis Derwent Wood, Associate of the Royal Academy and a famous sculptor, is attached to the staff of the Third London General Hospital as a lieutenant, and it is his york to make art supple-
We whom the gods love died for you, ment surgery.
By water, air or flre,	In an article in the Lancet, Lieut. x
And some to war's wild, wreckage Wood describes his methods. Where threw	| the surgeon leaves off he begins; his
Rent lute and unstrung lyre;	) “cases" are usually those which plas-
Others shall hear your trumpets blow tic surgery has been obliged to abandon because the grafting of bone and muscle and skin has been carried to „ f the limit of possibility, and the unfor- * tunate subject is left with his wounds healed, but noseless, eyeless, sometimes with a deep hole where cheek bones and jaws have been, a hole covered with grafted flesh and skin, but that makes the face such a horrible object that even the truest of friends would shudder at the sight of ^
some eighty five feet long, fifteen or sixteen feet beam, with a gross tonnage of ninety, would "have been an ideal boat for some ornamental lake in a park name she owned to, though I shall always associate her with a similarly-sounding word of three syllables.
Owing to the lack of bunker-room for coal our voyage was to be made in stages.
Janeiro
thousand miles
Our “ship
the soldiers
AT DUTY'S CALL
WRITING WITH LEFT HAND
the death of
Sensible Method Which Will be of J^lclZh.Vport Elgin, Ont.)j Value to Many Soldiers.	By w A Sherwood.
The difficulty of educating a right- From far-off farm and college hall handed person to write with the left they go, hand, and the best method of overcom- First at their country's ing It, is described by Major Edwin H. J scarcely deem Nashe, of the British Army Medical \ matter of much consequence to show Corps, In a letter to The Lancet. As The world how Christian lads can many persons, by reason of an injury
to the right arm or hand find them- Though high the flood of raging tor-selves faced with this problem, what i Dr. Nashe says is important, especial- [
ly as it Is based upon personal ex- ^he length of days is perlence.	1 measurement,
Dr. Nashe undertook to treat a thir- Nor years of toil the fulness of the teen-year-old boy whose right side was man;
paralyzed and wh? had been given up : Nay, he whose mind is on high pur-as hopeless by tha teachers of many |	* p0Se bent
schools. He found the trouble was Treads well life's path, ere youth’s
that the teachers, unable to write with | fair morn is spent,	, mixed and lively lot. Against their new honor, and see what she says: My
the goal for which he car y own agreement when signing on they dear Jules. We are not surprised you
now demanded shore leave and money got a medal for sitting on a hand gren-to spend. As an alternative to whole- ade; we have never known you to do we sing of those at \ im> j nj0 desertion the skipper gave way to anything else except sit down at
them, and dished out a small sum per home V“ man
aboard, and three men were paid off as potential murderers.
had
call and
comfort, and six days
I am that rapidity of thought that la part
cross life’s stream,
When victory ends the strife, We are content, for now you know We loved you more than life.
—Julia S. Dinsmore
rents flow
wards that he did
not life’s
FISHES THAT CARRY VENOM
Natives of the Southern Coasts of
North America.
he replied
"Well, mademoiselle
I wrote to my wife to tell her of my
If you a-fishing go anywhere along the New England coast, you are more likely than not to catch a Cape Cod minister.
Such, one regrets to say, is the disrespectful name given to a particularly hideous kind of fish, about six inches long, that is an angler’s plague in those waters. It is mostly mouth, and nobody, so far as known, has ever tried to eat it. #
Vincent, in the Cape Verde Islands— Of approximately 2,000,000 build- Its other name is “toadftsh” which, of nearly seventeen hundred ings in Canada, less than one-tenth of descriptively speaking, is not inap-Here 1 might mention a fact 0ne per cent, have been built with propriate. At worst, it ia harmless, which will illustrate .the really risky proper consideration of safety from But there is another species of toad-nature of our voyage.	fire. In the cities and towns from fish, native to the waters along the
The bunker capacity of our vessel which statistics are available, almost southern coasts of the United States, was not more than thirty tons, yet, to 70 per cent, of the construction is that is very dangerous. It carries on reach St. Vincent, we needed at least frame. The vast majority of brick its back, just behind the head, two eighty tons of coal. To manage this buildings are structurally defective spines that are hollow and connect at we stowed on deck, in sacks, fifty tons anj inadequately protected, .and only their bases with venom glands, of fuel, a risky proceeding at any time, one in every 1,200 is even nominally The whole arrangement, indeed, is and in our circumstances exceedingly fireproof.	structurally very similar to that of
The overload sank our 1 With such conditions prevailing, the the twin fangs in the upper jaw of a
and enforcement of measures regulating rattlesnake, with Che venom glands

their left hands, tried to get the boy ^d to copy with his left hand the motions they were making with their right.
His brain was unable to perform this Thus do looking glass act of translation. So 1 Ridge,
Dr. Nashe determined to learn to write Lens and other fields of martial with his left hand, and then to get the j fame.
boy to copy his motions. This he did ^ybo at tbe can leaped headlong o’er with highly satisfactory results.	| ]ife»9 bridge,
The secret of success lies iu exactly jnlo the tide of death unstained by reversing the right hand position of j shame. ,
paper and pencil. Instead of the up- With McIntosh we link each glorious per edge of the paper sloping up to the right. It should slope up to the left.
The line of the writing should slope Thus college hall and farm will better down from left to right at an angle of be
about fifty degrees with the edge of Tq kn(^w that youth geea still life’s the desk, and the slope of the writing should be backwards at an angle of about 45 degrees to the writing line.
"In this method,” writes I)r. Nashe,
“It will be found that the fingers are In the most natural position for writing. the arm and the wrist being in a straight line, and there being a wide j
sweeping motion of the wrist If re Transcendent faith that like the mom-qulred. This Is much easier to learn
than writing straight across, and re suits In less cramping of the fingers.
A fine pen Is the tool to use; broad pen results In blots because Its : point is cut for right handed writing, and there must be no attempt at hurry In the beginning.
wins
it
ran
“The features,” writes Lieut. Wood, “may have been originally ugly or beautiful. As they were in life so I try to reproduce them, beautiful or ugly; the one desideratumMs to make them natural.”
'
After that we had Bedlam
BUILDINGS OF CANADA
Seventy Per Cent. Are Frame Which Makes Fire Reduction Difficult.
Silver-Plated Mask. ^ '
First of all a plaster-of-Paria cast of the patient’s face is made. From this a positive model is made. A mould from this Is built up to match the corresponding features or from prewound photographs. When this la perfect and accurately fitted, an electrotype is made in copper 1-32 of an inch in thickness. Such attachments as glass eyes are added and the whole is silver plated.
The mask is usually secured to the face by means of spectacles, but spirit gum and ribbons have sometimes to be used, varying with the character of the wounded area.
The mask is now painted to match
the patient’s complexiong|fl66B|
done in oil colors on a thin coating of cream-colored spirit enamel.
‘1 do not u|e false hair for eyebrows and eyelashes now,” writes the sculptor. “The eyebrows are painted to match and the eyelashes I make of thin metallic foil, carefully soldered to the plate, cut finely by scissors and tinted to match. I purchase the plain glass eye-sections and paint the eye match on the concave reverse myself. Sometimes I do not use glass at all, but paint a semblance to match direct upon the metal mask.”
Readjustments have to be made from time to time as the contours and colors of the face change.
¦-------------------
contains the same fleshbuilding material as meat, and can be used in place of meat.
Riding the Storm.
From Buco we next headed for St
a run miles.
name
! holier way.
Though friends in sorrow wait in to see
His fair young face we say,
Tis sweet to live with heroes such as
vain
Yet with these
dan
craft until she was awash aft
when we ran Into rough weathei^-as future construction cannot immediate-1 thereto pertaining, we did two days out from Buco—she jy effect any substantial reduction in Experiments have proved that pres-was flooded from stem to stern. Cab- the volume of fire waste. There are sure on these spines causes them read-in, galley, and engine-room were deep sufficient combustible buildings in ily to eject their venom, which is In water, our clothes and nearly all Canada to supply the present rate of thrown out with such force as to the food being drenched, so that we iOB8 indefinitely.	squirt for a distance of two feet,
could get neither a dry change nor a Upon the average, fire occurs every There is no question of the danger warm meal.	year in one out of every 80 buildings ous character of the glandular secre-
For sixty hours we rode the storm, jn cities and towns. Fire prevention tion, and Dr. Barton A. Bean, of the pumping until the pumps choked. i# concerned, therefore, not only with Smithsonian Institution, who has made Then we bailed for life for two days the erection of new buildings, but with a study of this toadfish, Is inclined to and nights. To make things worse, *hat is of equal or even greater im- believe the fishermen’s stories of several of the men fell sick, and this p0rtance—correction of the worst deaths caused by careless handling of entailed extra work on the others, who faujta in existing buildings so that specimens captured, were already worn out. Another en- they may be less liable to destruction.
he
i
ing star
Glows still more beauteou night departs, a So when the darkness of this wicked
This is
as the
war
Shall pass away, communion hearts
Will bind us here in love that none can mar.
then of
She Ought to Know.
Charles, aged five, having been told
that baby sister had just arrived from	, A	. .	... .w® *
heaven, marched into the room and The persistency with which the use
Zut heaven’ 'fore'yo^forgèut"' | to conserved-heat fW, will no doubt glne breakdown seemed to presage a
________p	— have the effect of keeping the price of dive
Why owe a letter interminably com at a profitable figure.
, To make fly-papers, melt [resin, and, while soft, add some sweet The greatest eel breeding farm In %>il, so that when cold it is about the the world Is in Italy, the Industry hav- consistency of honey.	Spread the
lug been carried on In a swamp for mixture on newspapers, and bum centuries
The loss to Britain caused by farm peste—the rat, the mouse, the house sparrow' and the wood-pigeon—is estimated at £40,000,000 annually.
*
Strawberries like good, clean cultivation, fertile soil, and that really is all they do require.
Professor
known to the ancients?”
“Well, sir, there were Venus and Jupiter, and”—after a pause—“I think the earth, but I am not certain.”
but somehow we managed to keep on top. Immediately we touched St. Vincent half the men were put under a doctor, which is saying -enough.
Five days In port did all of us a power of good. More hopeful. If not exactly cheerful, we started for Ms
avalanche of freah
when, after all, the actual writing of the letter is no work at all ?
some
In 1913, South Africa imported 21,
This year It will be
“What planets were ^¦¦¦¦Student—
263,000 eggs found that over 2,000,000 have been exported, after local requirements had been filled.
Ch
deira, but an
when covered with flies
Then wwy iw tmh world l
DtOR’TNOU i----—----
mail rr

TOM.YouRB stupid! i tied «---------
TUaY snruw ON VoUR MN6ER • STILL HAVE
30 WWU>H’T roR6tT " ISWSga
aECAuse Xou Forgot To QiVB IT To MEf
DID you MAIL MV Letter THIS MORN IMS, TOM f
-J THOU6XT 0F If
A HALF Dozen
TIMES TO DAT

"XV
T
e
NOPE

0

t
L
/
Ç.

?
I
m

A
\
i
?.
s
1

<\\X
à
X

w
###PAGE###7###
-
1
THE PATHS OK PAIN.
DANGER FOR THE TOURIST.
THE BUSINESS WOMAN


\|
tiÜHîm WWTIST,
The path* of pain are lonely,
Dut the lonellewt path of all I* trodden by the children, Pitiful, weak and small;
The fatherless and motherless Who live unloved, and die, Sobbing their little souls away, Under a silent sky.
The paths of pain are holy,
But the holiest path of all Is sacred to the children, Innocent, frail, and small;
The friendless and forsaken,
The lambs without a fold.
Till He shall call them to Him Over the sands of gold.
—Ernest H. A. Home.
Strange Animal Inhabit* the Dessert Valley of California.
I
To-day, more than ever before, la
woman*! opportunity. Many	new oc-	A	.	,	,
pupations are now opened	to her,	_	That most	frightful	of	deserts,
which, before the war, she was	deemed	Valley,	In California,	lies be-,
unfitted to fill. And truth to	tell she ;	tween	two lofty ranges,	one	of which
has risen to the opportunity, and now l* railed the Funeral Mountains, shares many business responsibilities	The»higher levels of these moun-
in former times confined to men. Rut, tains arc rather densely forested, with as women are subject to more fre- here and there little meadows and quent fluctuations of health than men, "parks** (natural clearings), in which many will be handicapped early, If dwells a strange animal known as the they regard their health requirement! terrashot. So Inaccessible arc those too lightly.	inhospitable heights, however, that
The nervous strain, long hours and the creature, rarely seen, has remain-prolonged mental or physical fatigue ed almost unknown., thin the blood and weaken the nerves. Respecting its habits little can be
said. There is no reason for supposing that it is dangerous to man. Nobody knows even whether it is carnivorous or a plant feeder. It has a As 'round some forgotten tome,
coffin-shaped body, six or seven feet Among whose leaves a rose has lain, A quart of canned peaches or to-long, with a sort of shell running the lingers perfume;	matoes on the shelf is worth a bushel
whole length of its back.	Though tome and rose have each be- rotting on the ground.
Having (it is presumed) few natur-i come, al enemies, the terrashot increases in The yellow hue of time's slow stain, numbers until it is seized with -an im- That robbed its bloom, pulse to migrate—possibly because its
food supply no longer suffices. The ani- gQ memory of deeds we've done, mais then form long processions, if g0od or ill, they still live on to fol-So let all marching down into the desert in sin-
BAKING POWDER.
i
CONTAIN! NO ALUM.

â
«%




171
%
net contain alum and which ha# all It# Ingredients
that d

i

plainly # ta ted on the label.
ÜVII
I

EW.GILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
ain» no AijS
TORONTO. ONT.
13 THE?
M#

The oldest railway In France rune lilding foods than do persons whose I bet wetn Parts and Havre, growth Is completed meat, fish, cheese and legumes are all tissue-building foods, but milk and eggs are best for young children.
tirowing children need more tissue-
It was
Such conditions as women ar^ now called upon to undergo can only be endured by a full-blooded constitution.
This Is as true for men as for women, only . weaker women suffer soonest.
The woman worker, In any line, requires her blood replenished frequent* ly. She needs new, rich blood to keep 9 her health under the trying conditions of business life, and to fortify her system against the effects of overwork.
This applies also to the woman In the home, who, perhaps, has more worries anxieties than
girls and women take heed and renew fcle file, with the evident intention of After this earthly course is run, their blood promptly at the first ap- crossing the valley to the mountains proach of pallor, lack of appetite, head- on the other side, ache and backache. This can be best But none of them ever get across and most effectively accomplished by As they encounter the hot sands they
rapidly distend with the heat, and one after another they blow up with loud reports, the places where this happens being marked by deep, graveshaped holes.
W. T. Cox, State Forester of Minnesota, has found records which show that early Mormon emigrants observed this remarkable animal, chancing to witness such a procession as that above described, and beholding the tragic fate of the creatures.
Milk, eggs, built more than half a century ago.
DEEDS.
Mlnsrd'e Liniment Onree Burn». Eto.
rues
OVELY PERSIAN LAMB. MINK and other fur* by mail. Wholesale price*. 8«*n<1 for llluntrated catalog of bargain*. Mc<îomber‘e Limited. Manu* Win n ordering goods by mall, send facturer*. 420 1> St Paul Went, Montreal
a Dominion Express Money Order.
MONEY ORDERS
à
The white of an egg when used instead of water for mixing mustard poultices prevents the skin from blistering.
Flour Is apt to gather dampness If it flANGER. TUMORS, lumps BTC. re... right on «he floor. The boy. can V In.erna, tf,™**™* ^
make a neat box, a few Inches high, to on trfor* too late. Dr. Heilman Medical
Cn Limited, f’oilIngrwood Ont
set the barrel or bln In. This will keep the flour dry.
SELDOM SEE
low far;
When buying your Piano Insist on having an
a big knee like this, bat year hone
may have a bunch or bruiaa on hia Mlnard'e Liniment Ballevee Neuralgia, ankle, hock, stifle, knee or throat
Blessing or curse the meed we've won To help or mar.
—Winfield Lionel Scott, Detroit.
“OTTO HIGEL” PIANO ACTION
The phrase "a cock and bull "a concocted and bully story," the latter term being derived from the Danish word bullen—-"exaggerated." ,
AE3SORBINE
** "^tPAOt iKi.U’j Pul err
taking Dr. William»’ Pink Pille which make new, rich blood and thus help womankind ao perfectly. No woman need fear failure of health IMhey take these pills occasionally to keep them well, or give them a fair trial If they find themselves rundown.
You can get Dr. Williams' Pink Pills through any medicine dealer or by mall at 60 cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The Dr Williams' Medicine Co, Hrockvllle, Ont.
will clean k off without laying uy the horse. No blleter, no hair gone. Concentrated —wnly a lew drops required at an application. $2 per
twirls Selltered. Deerribe roar n-e For tpaahl
Book SM free. AftSORDINK/JR

This Is1 to certify that I have used MINARD'S LINIMENT In my family for years, and consider It the best liniment on the market. I have found It excellent for horse flesh.
/	(Signed)
Like A Boy at 50 Bubbling Over With Vitality— Taking iron Did it
ibe end-
WP<ic Uniment for mankind, reduces Psinful Sweillnn, to tarred Glands. Wens. Bruises, Varicose Veins i allay*
•e
Doctor says Nuxated Iron is greatest of all strength builders— Often increases the strength and endurance of delicate, nervous folks 100 per cent, in two weeks’ time.
N‘ —Not *on*	e*°„ a	a%aln and *ee for yourself how much
c*nlurlmf5ii î	fy WJ1® wae nearly	half a	you have gained. I have seen dozens of
PS % I	os: rx vxx
th» hi«iwiWaa a*tonl*hed to And him with [and endurance and entirely get rid of m“n°,,i,rV	‘n0<1 * ^V a* V>n°U"' ! ‘''h«rV'tnroubT. in ftTïïï
p£rt,Bi,m«S-bîaS,l%i'W £S
S?ieH Î5uLn*r >ron-nuxated iron had in some canes been doctoring for months if! Ko5 T	renewed life At 30 he was without obtaining any benefit. But don't
1 end n2«,itSilM LetKT4î h? tTtake ^e old forma of reduced Iron. Iron Xiitufai \	a	n‘ ^ow,al a tsr	takin,	acetate or tincture of Iron «Imply to save
hiï I1	n	,a m,r£uV>f J,tal,ly Hni	« few cent*. You must take iron In a
Smith AeVnJn* w,lih* buoyancy of form that can be easily absorbed and as-L.Ü. i, A,i 1 ,uHVe l,a!d ? hundred times ; slmllated lUce nuxated iron if you want
ifî, wîen, V,ey fef[ weal* or run- athlete or prizefighter has won the day
:###### ##%###=
thousands might be saved who now die ,atK or lrün' ^ bauer‘ M U
er delivered
W. F. YOUNG. P. 0. F., 616 Lymans Bldg., Montrait. Gait ttaorbluc sad Absorbing Jr., ira aide to Cnadk
W. S. PINEO. "Woodlands,” Middleton, N.S.
ORCHIDS WITH ICE CREAM.
A MVELLOUS MEDICINE
FOR L'TILE ONES
Flavoring Extract, Vanilla, Is Obtained From Highly Prized Flower.
BAD CASE ECZEMA
To disinfect a bathtub, scrub and scald It well, then allow a little water to run Into It and drop Into tills a small quantity of carbolic acid and brush every part of the tub with this.
Few people think of orchids, which
are highly prized and admired for | Mrs. Delvlna Pelletier, 8te. Perpetue. their beauty as flowers, as contribut- Que., writes : "I have much pleasure ing any edible product, yet one of the ln 8tattng that Baby's Own Tablets most widely known and commonly have been a marvellous medicine ln used flavoring extracts—vanilla—is (he case of my baby, obtained from an orchid.
Relief Instantaneous. Healed
With 3 Cakes of Soap and
2 Boxes of Ointment.
— # " ""
MI was very much annoved by Irritation on my back. 1 found out 1
had a bad case of eczema.
My back was in a very bad I every year from pneumonia, grippe, klrt-shape, and my clothing ney. liver, heart trouble and other dan-
S5 : SES?fre3ft53
forCuticura Soap andOmt- condition brought on by lack of Iron In
5S. == : EsSsrfâSrsHS
three cakes of Cuticura 1 much or what you eat ur food merely
pas*** through you without doing you any good. You don’t get the strength out of It and as a consequence you become weak, pale and sickly looking Just like a plant trying to grow In a soli deficient In Iron. If you are not strong or well you owe It to yourself to make the following test:	See how long you
can work or how far you can walk without becoming tired. Next take two five-grain -tablets of ordinary nuxated Iron three times per day after meals for
Then test your strength
Seed ears for. next year's crop, If I.have been us- selected In the field from standing P	Ing the	Tablets for four years and	corn,	may	be	chosen	more	wisely,	be
The commoner	forms of	the orchid	don't think there Is anything to equal	stored more carefully and	will then	proare very widely scattered throughout	them." In	using the Tablets the moth-	duce	a	larger	yield	In	return than If
the world. Out of a total of 16,000 iiag the	guarantee of a government j	picked from	the	shock or crib,
different species	there	is	only one	analyst	that they do not contain one
genus known to	have	any practical	particle	of opiates or other harmful
value.	1 drug*— they cannot possibly do harm
There are but a few species of this ._ they always do good. The Tablets genus and the most important one of are sold by medicine dealers or by these is that from which the vanilla	mall at 26	cents a box from The Dr.
bean of commerce is obtained. The	williams’	Medicine Co., Brockvllle,
genus is native in the warmer parts ont.
America, but it has been introduced now	cultivated
parts of the West Indies and in is- So I breathe a charm lands of the East Indian archipelago. Lest grief’s dark night oppress you.
The various species of vanilla are Then how can sorrow bring you harm alkçlimbing plants. The slender stems If ’tis God’s way to bless you ? send out aerial roots and by these the	.	,	.	. :<VH|
vines climb upon the trunks and limbs And so, not “all thy days be fair of trees.	f And shadows touch thee never,”
The fruit consists of long slender ' But this alone—God bless you, dear,
pods, resembling a thick, somewhat So t^lou art 8S*e forever flattened lead pencil in shape, being	—Julia A. Baker.
firm but slightly wrinkled. The pods are gathered and dried before they are fully ripe, the drying process being a very important feature of their preparation, developing their color and giving them the peculiar quality desired for flavoring purposes.
an
Nux iit-d lrvii. recommended Hauer, la not a patent
NOTE
above by Dr. E
medicine nor secret remedy, but one which 1* well known to druggists, and whose Iron constituent* ar-» widely prescribed by eminent physicians everywhere older Inrrganit Iron products, It Is easily assimilated, dies not Injuie the teeth, make them black, nor upset the stomach; on I lie contrary. It Is a must potent remedy In nearly all forme of Indigestion ae well »* for nervous, run-down conditions. The manufacturers have such great confidence In .Nuxated Iron that they offer to forfeit $100.00 to any charitable Institution if they cannot
under 60. who lacks Iron, and their strength 100% or over ln four wgeka' ilmfc provided they have no aerloua organic trouble. They also offer to refund money if It does not at lesst double strength and endurance In ten days' ft 1s dispensed by nil rood drurrlats

WOMEN I IT IS MAOIC I
LIFT OUT ANY CORN
•III#
Unlike the
Apply a ftw drops then lift corns or calluses off with
no pain.
Soap and two boxes of healed." (Signed) B.
ftnfls
Ointment I was	|
F. Grosch, Y. M. C. A., St. Catherines, Ont., July 4, 1917.
For hair and skin health Cuticura Soap and Ointment are supreme.
For Free Sample Each by Mail address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A,
Boston, U. S. A." Sold everywhere.
GOD BLESS YOU.
Just think! You can lift off any corn or cal-lua without pain or sore-
¦sea,
A Cincinnati man discovered this ether compound and named It f reozone. Any druggist will sell a tiny bottle of freezone, like here shown, for very little cost. You apply a few drops directly" upon a tender corn or callus.
Instantly the soreness disappears, then shortly you will And the com or callus so loose that you can lift it right off.
-na,m j -	If ft!|i! 1 £2?S	%%%' rxt ,r
and a leg in France, returned to teach- Little fe ry had been sent to the II | F lt ,1oeBnl	° ,	|	l;-	'-20%% prlelag ««set In eases of work strained eyn.
in, .ft., H. ~~Q>	b—• -	g^-%	SS "	Shgj*. .. Without •*:-*	5SSS
f PI «SSSSH53F5
rÆ a"St ** H sasssSffiSBS
5us be.‘“.rn!,“'l,L tr ¦ ¦ "a.’SST'ILïlSîiSUP <X'-	J*r .Mm EsEs*~it.5
At this exhibition Wiman asked:	SS^erO. laalm.n, Cure. Dwdn* - heuw	______ ^Ser"d^,wT"'^
.tanding British military hero of „1	The Pen of Destiny	* [D CMIl’Q	|i/	W ÆR
The boy. instantly stood.cheered despatches and «*7°*'*'*™: i	Jl 111/1 AT	Af^Ê	ÜfliTuJ Kir,"	of':
man!"	I was a present to hi. wife from Quern	HU V III L
Alexandra The British Commander-	ee___	W _ ' l	^	most rsw. Aft. r two wmk*' use of Bun
in-Chief devotes half an hour out of	_	opto tho lids were absolutely normal ami
what is often a working day of fifteen Woman Saved From a Sen--111( BEt.K	SSTtS? ere " t,r"tUt "" mttDjr ‘ 6,rl
r=t EïrSr,:	——— -	- SSgSS&S eW##
work of this kind. Sir Douglas Haig Loui.ville, Ky.—"For four years I New York—Dr. Beck. • New York state U*r IfAnnary of FortUnd, Maine, and r,.ud my 0wn naiu* ou on envelope or the
'SSXT^SfSSS.Zi tyisffift !ES3Hn&S&S-
u raSfcMar - i I mi pyaa» ;	EHHUSË s&g SEaïSi.5
:i?.zmoSX\rxx.tssr^jg2 £?*3%'?	..
UIM .bout II I bar. b»<l m»ny lodlrld beep«1*<W Bo.Ion.	_ „„ beibcr you owe a little, It is yeer dut,
Dale who bed worn g lessee for years for far sightedoesa, near slglitedne*#, astlgmn
tell me they
have dispensed with them through theadop tion of the Bon Opto principal. Many eye troubles can be traced directly to muscular contraction and relaxation and slues Boa
take any man or woman,
lncrssOS
your
your
tlm*
two weeks
Dr. Beck, The Well Known Eye Specialist and Doctor Judkins, The Medical Author, Publish Astonishing Report on Wonderful Remedy To Strengthen Eyesight
]IIJUNE Granulated Eyelids,
“ Sots Eves, Eyealnflaraed by Jea, Deaf and Wiiul quickly relieved by Murine. Try It In your Eyesand In Baby's E

UR

*
Say it Strengthens Eyesight 5C% in One Week’s Time in Many Instances

i
Britain's Hero.

nvr^
idol of his students.


H '
pldip

WO


raB.







k
3te







w»'

PR. JUDKINS
f

POSTUH


A wholesome table beverage with winning flavor.

on




Volcano is Hottest on Top.
Notwithstanding what the old textbooks say, it now appears that a vol-is hottest on its surface. This is
C. director of ton •« bouts. In
report ' published February 2#
r tales that only 11,11* out or IIJ o mined, need to wear glasses now, a decree as over tbs ,
Opto Is hastening th beepcctarled Boeton. '
Victims of eye strain and other eye week-
m who wear glasses will he that according to Dr. Beck there Is reel hope and

Used everywhere by folks who find that tea or coffee disagrees.
the conclusion, drawn b^a scientist!
' who has made extensive investigations I : in craters in Hawaii and has obtained samples of gases and lava before they have an eight pound baby girl. I know reached the air. Laboratory studies j Lydia Ü Pmkbaro'e Vegetable Com-
keep an open lava basin w fluid con-	Ky.
dition Is supplied by the chemical ac- Everyone naturally daeada the tion of the gases. From these inves- geoci’sdtnife. Sometimes nothing el»* tigationi the scientist concludes the will do, but many times Lydia E. rink-temperature at the surface of a vol-undoubtedly is higher than that below the surface.

'»e
!At

•nr
to take strpe to save them now before It la too lata. Many hopelessly blind might hive tbelr sight If they bad cared for their
glad to knew end Dr Judkl help for tM-MBB lug say they have hsd their eye# restored
rkahle prewrlptloa and re glas
eye# In time.
Ü55r*SÏÏS2!iJtttir U th.
Hue upu» pmKrlptloe le truly a woederfwi remedy. Its cooetltaent lMr-«n. ute
IBmStaw
sctlr# oe petlFOfe


.7:1
may they have
method telle bow ta excreta* and «if
Opto
vela#

knows t* i
sfinz
were ¦
lisent eye sped them I k«
¦ft

not possible through other means 1 advise thoughtful Physician to study Boa principal, give It the same careful have and there la do doufc *B B mind they will come to tho cow namely, that tho Bon Onto opens the door for tho cere or a
ng 1C :	i wee
to read at all. without my urt any
Now 1 can road
this preocriptloa for IS days eronwMr < .far "4 ÏmIW*** Wffk' Um* to
i#t> oTerwerh or await glose*#. « very few prépara (ko* I
î„*s % s
patvat medlcta# or • serrât

H

‘“There'* a Reason”
i cano
If you
ay
slble ta coy# with. The ti pi* la Its appHcetloa that at home ky anyoe* of average IntelHgewre.
Kisses and rumors go from mouth to mouth	* #/
Lynn,
without glasses.” Another who aoA #* |%ar#U	drU
nays: ”1 was bothered with eye strata1 ^
•ar
elm
wauisswrr,
rsl
17
IStfUK
ED. 7.


^
###PAGE###8###
AUCTION SALE
Miss Lillian Murphy.—Carried.
Motion— Com miaaio liera Irary Wallace, that the tender of K. J.
for building wood shed, No. 18-h,
ami
Low Prices . .
The Shaiville Boot and Shoe Store
Uur
The Lily Cheese ami Hatter Co. Factory will Ik* sold by Labile Auction, <>u Tuesday, the 23rd day of October, 1917, at the hour of 1.30 o'clock, v m. 1 erme of sale will be made known day of sale.
THUS. DALE, HALVH HUDGINS, I Resident.	8 etary.
Shawx Sept. 84, 1917
be accepted.-—Carried.
Valuation Roll presented for examination and homologation.
Motion Commissioners Tracy and Wallace, that it is resolved that a rate of i of one cent in the dollar for every dollar on the Valuation Roll U\ and is hereby levied accordingly ; and that the monthly fee shall be 2f> cents a month for 8 months in the year.—Carried.
Next meeting at vail of chair.
M. A. MvKINLEY,
Asst. Sec.-Trvas.,
School Mu. Clarendon.
Are the ruling features of our store, wlyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
New Fall Lines of
LADIES’ FOOTWEAR
Notice re. Hunting.
Having lout an animal, which was evident Iv shot through the oareieaa use of IIrearms. I hereby forbid all parties from carrying guns or hunting on I«ot No. U
of the 3th eo„. ol ^îhBXANDBR
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
Œ. W. DALE
BRISTOL MINES
are here now.
J\n attractive range in Brown, Cray, Black.
Our prices are very reasonable considering the cost of raw materials and labor.
You will do well to make your selection while sizes are complete, as these goods cannot be replaced at present prices.
Steer Astray
Strayed from the premises of the undersigned about the last of August, a two-year ol<l red and white steer with horns. Information that will lead to his recovery will be thankfully leceived.
WM. t'OlIh,
Starks Corners.
Ram is very much in need in this vicinity to help the tanners with their plowing, and put out tires that have been started.
Vte. Jack McDonald has returned to lVtawawa, where he is training, after
visiting friends in this neighborhood.
Geraldine and Beulah Milks at present visiting friends in Shaw-
<	4
When you require Printing*
call at
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Mi
Stray Steer
are
ville
Strayed on tn the premises of the undersigned a two yoar old steer—red with white feet. Owner may have same by proving proper* y and pay mg a U ex penses.
Caldwell, Que.
Mrs. James Sylvester ami family the guests of Mrs. John Millar
wen
Suiul
Miss Luella Henon is the guest of her sister, Mrs. Joe Roy.
Mr. John Roy (policeman) sj»ent the
week-end at the Mines.
Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Ade have returned from a visit to friends at Dan ford Like, Chelsea and also in the city.
Mr. and Mrs John Findlay l>aid a Hying visit to Eardley Saturday.
Some of the young fellows are expected soon to remain in Ouyon for good, seeing the attractions that are there for
them. -Some pretty girls, eh ?
Hose Hi n.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
113
Stray Heifer
Strayed on to my premises about Sept 1st. a yearling red and white heifer horns. Owner may have same by proving property and paying expenses.
\VM. 11. DODS,
Maryland. Que
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
no
SRAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
REAL LIFE INSURANCE.
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Its Cost Is Simply the Price of the Prevention of Disease.
“Real life insurance,” says the North Carolina state board of health, “is not the kind on which you have to pay annual premiums as long as you live in order to hold it or for your family or some one else to get the benefits only when you are dead
is that which insures you against
OBITUARY
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult mo before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Sept. 8th.— The Angel of Death en
of Stewart I-eiteh
tvred tin- home Starks Corners, and carried away tilth Florence, aged eleven years ami nint months, after an illness ni nine montlp from tuberculosis of the lungs.
She has left to mourn her loss hoi father ami mother, three brothers -Franklin, Robert at live sisters Clare,
Frances and Edythe.
The funeral service was held at the home by Rev. Mr. Drown, his text Suffer the little children to
1 her three favorite “ There's a Friend “ When lie Com
f His
Local and District.
.	| tion will hold an auction sale of pure
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty	at 9.30 o'clock in the mora-
le your children to present them each jng on the last day of Shawville Fair.
with a photograph. A family groupie Anyone having purehied stock to sell or
the most appropriate.	. exchange should bring them out to the
H. IMisos, Photo Artist <;llv por fnrlhvr particulars apply to
Pastures have suffered a good	V. II. Honor, Sev.-Trvas
deal from the protracted drought, and fall plowing has also been retarded from the same cause.
Real life insur-
ance	I
death—preventable sickness and n premature dei>arture from this world—and allows you to enjoy the benefits while you yet live. Furthermore, it promises you long life and a happy one, a healthy life and a prosperous one. It may Ik? had by anybody, and, like other kinds of insurance, he who puts most in
it gets most out of It.
“Real life insurance has its price. The adoption of correct living habit moderate eating *nd drinking, regular work and play, plenty of rest in the fresh air and a disposition not to worry —is the price of u long, happy life, free from diseases of tlic kidneys, heart and arteries, the diseases that sneak in man's life when he is not aware.
.1 Wellington, ami L<vina. Gertrude,
being
come unto Me, s
hymns were sung
for Little t 'hiidren
cth, and
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
of the committee shall direct.
It is urged that the widest po*si-Canadn s Food Controller	ble publicity he given to this np-
>x>tatoes should sell tor	aiivi .UN1] illHi the co-operation of
October 1st. and that steps \x ill be vltîzvtls enlisted in its behalf taken to prevent speculation or inflation of prices.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS. Prop.
in the Sliidow
Wing.
Her four pall-Warers were : Kenneth Otic, Pembroke : Kmery Stark, Harold Leitvb, Sandy Stark. Her remains were
laid t terv.—Om
..... The Masonic fraternity through-Please Return Hotti.es.—Milk out t|l0 province mourn the death
customers arc kindly requested to 0f their most efficient Grand
return bottles promptly, as some Secretary. Mr. Will White, which times so many are held back that ^curred a few days ago at Winni-tlie service is interfered with. |>t»g from pneumonia. He truly
Sam Hoixhns. was one of the pillar» of the older
in Canada, and a successor to 111»• One hundred and titty-nxe 0fRt.v which he lms long and ably young ladies have registered at t filled will not readily be fourni. Macdonald College School tor	_	_
Teachers this month, the majority
of xvhorn are in the Model Grade, j Henri Mouette, the alleged leader Three from Clarendon — Misses {)[ the dynamite gang, xvlio \x reck-ltae Prendergast, Lillie Sly and ed Lord AtlmUtan s summer home Ida Harris—are registered for the at Curtierville on August 1). was
grade mentioned.	arrested on Tuesday last, 0,1 two
charges of attempted murder. Altogether ten arrests have been made in connection with the murderous outrage, which was |M*r-petrated out of revenge against the oxvner of the Star, because that piper published articles favoring conscription. Mouette is represented as a bad actor.
rest in Portage du Fort cem
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
ui>on u
“Then there's another source of attack yen need protection against typhoid fever screened doors and xviudows, clean premises free from flies and anti-typhoid vaccination is the price you |«iy for protection against typhoid. The price against malaria is whatever it takes to prevent mosquitoes from breeding and from biting you after they have bitten people with malaria.
"Security against tuberculosis, bronchitis, grippe, colds and pneumonia is to be had mainly at the great price of preventing people from spitting in public places. It is to be had also by living on friendly terms with fresh air day and night, by avoiding overheated homes or offices, by creating a resistance to cold by a daily cold water l>atb about the neck and shoulders and by
proper living habits.
“After all, the prevention of disease Is the price of real life insurance. If invest liberally and wisely in the and methods of preventing sick-
In Memoriam
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Humes with pure water,
In loving memory of our dear Wys, Pte. James Raymond, agvd 20 years and 7 months killed in action April 10,
also ( * and 9
1917, at Vi my Ridge, France ; borne Fades, agvd 12 year mouths, accidentally killed at Haywood 17th March, 1916.
Custom Sawing’.
A father and mother’s hearts are aching For a son they loved so well ;
Hi his life for his country,
In Honor's
We long to see their smiling fact *,
To hear their dear sweet voice,
The tread of their well loved footsteps Would h ive made our hearts rejoice.
Rut amid the shot and shell Our darling hero fell ;
His race was run— his crown was won— Twax in that way God's will was done.
Eighteen months have passed since that sad day,
When one we loved was called away; God took him home—it was His Will, Rut in our hearts he livetli still.
God knows how much we miss them !
And lie knows the tears we shed, Who whispers “ Hush ! they only sleep, Your loved ones are not dead.
Your purjxKse, Lord, we do not see ;
Rut all is well that’s done by Thee.
— By their sorrowing parents,
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Horner.
A few Shawvilleites attended the Arnprior Fair last Wednesday, but a much larger number attended the Renfrew event mi Thursday. Wonder if our friends over there will return the compliment this week ? Dollars to doughnuts they will not. unless the facilities for reaching here which the automobile has created have wrought i ' lmnge,
he fell
Farmers and Potato Men !
Pontiac Local Exemption Tribunals Nominated.
we
Plea to Stop Waste.	Vcording t«> the Ottawa pa|K*rs of
The Food Controller is inform- prj(ji4y |(t„t Judge Weir has nominated ed that avoidable waste ot valu- tjie following gentlemen as members of able orchard and garden product- tj1L. exvmpti«m tribunals for this county:
upi»eal is made to the Mayors, t amplivells 1 lay, John Stewnson , Reeves and Officers of the res pee-	<ha|«eau. I ati itk McMahon :
tive municipalities to take im- Cjuyon, Fred A. Davis ; mediate steps to conserve such Otter Lake, Thomas Qhvalc ; products as cannot he made use of	Guignes, Avila Beauchamp ;
by the producers or disixweil ol	Ville Marie, J. I) Pellerin ;
through the usual channels.	North Tei
To accomplish this object the following suggestions are made
1.	Citizens are urged s—(it) to use every means in their power to conserve for their own use their full requirements of fruits and vegetables ; (b) to dispose of any
plus they have through the usual channels of trade, or turn such surplus over to a local conservation committee.
2.	That the head of every Municipality organized from representatives of the various local societies, organizations and religious denominations, a civic conservation committee to take charge of the assembling of all surplus orchard and garden products that may be donated by the individual citizens by enlisting the co-operation of the public and high school teachers, utilizing parties organized from amongst the pupils, aided by conveyances donated for the pur pose by the citizens.
8. That the various conservation committees make immediate and adequate arrangements for the safe storing of all such surplus products until such time as they can he disposed of to the various cha ritable organizations or soldiers homes or sold by such committee to those unable to purchase at regular prices, or dis;ioaed of through the regular trade channels and the proceeds of all such sales donated to the Red Cross or similar organization» a» the discretion
means
ness we may expect handsome returns In a long, useful, happy life.”
Farmers having Potatoes to market this year would do well to sort them when picking them. That is keep the small ones from the larger grades. The man who grades his potatoes will demand the highest price, while the man who mixes them will bring his goods into the number three class. A potato under the size of a hen’s egg, is of no use to anyone, especially when
EDISON IS AN INVENTOR.
And That, He Claim#, le Very Different
From a Discoverer.
Thomas A. Edison has always disliked the term “discoverer” as applied to himself. “Discovery is not Invention/* he once remarked to an Intimate associate. “A discovery is more or less in the nature of an accident. A man walks along the road intending to catch a train. On the way his foot kicks against something and, looking down to see what he has hit. he sees » gold bracelet Imbedded In the dust. He bas discovered that, certainly not invented It. He did not set out to find a bracelet, yet the value of it is Just as great to him ot the moment as If, after long years of study, he had Invented a machine for making a gold bracelet oat of common red metal.
“Goodyear discovered the way to ke hard rubber. He was at work experimenting with India rubber, and quite by <5hance he hit upon a process which hardened lt-tbe last result in the world that he wished or expected to attain. In a discovery there must be element of the accidental, and an Important one, too, while an invention la purely deductive.
“In my own case but few, and those the least Important, of my invention» owed anything to accident Most of them have been hammered out after long and patient labor and are the suit» of counties# experiments, all directed toward attaining some well defined object
an
O. Dupui
l
Hector Arthur
\n
I
Makamik, Ant
/10 NC RET ECU L V E RTS. PIPES AND L curbing* for well* sold At Works Contract* made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. II. T M< Dowell & Son. Shaw ville Que.
Minutes Clarendon Schools
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met Sept. 15th, 1917.
Chairman, Draper ; Com -nnssionens Wallace, Harris, l,aughrvn, ami I
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Liughrvn 1 Tra
Motion—Commissioner* Tracy and Laugh re n, that Mias Lucy M-ijor lx* accepted a* teacher of school No. 14, for school year, 1917 and 18 Carried.
Motion—-Commissioners Harris and Wallace, that the following bills be paid : W. A. Hodgin*, supplies schools 8, 11
• tu* I !•', -	•
for Lindsay Homer, No. 13, $1 50 ; Mrs T. B. Draper, supplies and washing towels No. 4, $2.10 ; Mrs. J. W, Murphy, cleaning walla, ceiling, wood work, windows, stoves and pipes. No. 13, 95.00 ; Ouasie DrajxT, cleaning cellar, re) «tiring ont buildings etc., 92.50 ; Geo. Wain man, pad and cup, No. 2, |1.30 Carried.
Motion -Commissioners Wallace and Tracy, that the following U
No 1. Ousel
Present
Sill
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE
they are for table use, so why insist
on putting them in. tion is for your own benefit, so act
Also do not mix red
The undersigned offer* for sale her well known property, situated on Main Street. Village of Shawvllle. (opposite Methodist church.) iArge dwelling house in good repair, and large plot of ground, fronting op Main and Lang Streets. For terms
...,,U"PartlÆl«PP»fATHKSON.
Shawvllle.
mi misai oners
This informa
accordingly, potatoes with white ones, and do not
mix scabby potatoes with clean ones.
NO SHOOTING
G. F. Hudgins, book*
an
I expect to be in the buying market again as soon as the season opens, and trust to be able to pay the highest price and give everyone a square deal.
All parties are cautioned against using firearms within the Corporation Limita of Shawvllle. It is In contravention of a municipal by law, and parties render
'UG*À° fEw arTm.,»
ShswTille, Sept. It, WIT
NOTICE

1
cD l
ARCHIE DOVER
basical lmpro safely be mid to be inventions and not
chine wae
Draper ;
; No. 3, No. 4,
Mrs. T B Draper ; No. 7, the teacher ;
Telford ; No. I# b,
>. 13,
Parties dumping refuse at the * Kiln Pot * are hereby notified not to I lying on the rmd-way, thereby causing »»oth a nesiance and an obstruction t->
Shaw ville, Sept, tt, 1M7,
¦
No. 2, Mise i lore nee Moffbcn hexd*) Mrs. J A. Dean
“All
(
an Invention. So were the «team
and the typewriter.^
G. A HOWARD. Mayor
No. 11. Mias FI Mrs. Henderson A. Harp

