###PAGE###1###







o

No. 60,34th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JUNE 7,
1917.	$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

The Bank of Ottawa

Tt|e Merchants Banl\ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1814.
EétsblUked 1884
Paid Up Capital
*4,000,000
4,750,000
OFFICERS :
Sir H. Montagu Allan. . K. W. Blackwell. E. F. Hebden, D. C, Macarow.
• •
• #
i-i;f:<mi:NTgggggg VICE-PRESIDENT .. . MANAGING DIRECTOR GEN. MANAGER
PARIS GREEN
Rest
• »
• #
95 Offices throughout Canada
• #
PARIS GREEN
PARIS GREEN
• •
• •
Paid up Capital..................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 16.........
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada
$7,000,000 7,250,984
108,950,990
Farmers’ Banking
receive* caretnl, courteous attention. Savings Bank Department at every Branch.
e e
It seems a little early to mention it, but the Bugs are on the march and will be here as soon as the Spuds.
Buy early, there will be a big demand, everybody is growing Potatoes.
The stock of Green is said to be small and there can be no more made this season.
Ours is Guaranteed Absolutely Pure, put up in one pound tins.
Sale Notes Discounted.
MO
When sending money oat of town always remit hy money order. The cost is small and they ran be obtained at this bank, same are payable at par at any bank in Canada. The rates are as follows
$ 6.00 and under .
5.00	to #10......
10.00	to #30......
30.00	to #60......
Fort Coulonus Branch, Campbells Bay Branch, PorIage du Fort Branch,
.i, A. McLati hie, Manager. ~ R. L*<iEH, Manager.
G. M. Colql’houn, Acting M gr.
•3c.
ti
10
15
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax.
The Methodist Congregation bad the pleasure on Sunday last of listening to their former pastor, Rev. VV.S. Lennon.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Eastman’s Kodaks and supplies. Amateur finishing a specialty. H. Imison, Photo Artist.
Missionary Meeting.—At St.
Pauls on Tuesday evening, June 12, following the Deanery meeting, a missionary meeting will be held, at which Rev. Mr. Seaman will
illustrated lecture on
KF" Bead Dover’s advt. for Specials for Saturday, June 9th.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
w. F. DRUM A. A, REID
$;
Manager, Shawville
• #
Mr. H. T. Argue Is now sporting a McLaughlin Six car, purchased through the Shawville Motor Co.
Manager, Quyon.

j. Lj. uoagins, the local dealer, made the sale of a G ray-Dort car to Roy McKarlnne last week. The new car arrived Friday evening.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
“ Canada’s Best ”
ZlCOWLING rtr/)A
\r
J. H. SHAW.
In the recent exams at Macdonald College. W. H. Barnett, of this town, was among the successful students, taking fourth place in the second year classes.
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group4a the most appropriate.
H. Imison, Photo Arti g
A W. C\ T. U. Convention will be held in the Methodist Church here, beginning Wednesday evening, June 13th, at 8 o’clock, with three sessions on Thursday, 14th—10.30, s.m. f 2.30, p.m., and 8, p. m. Special song service at both evening meetings. Everybody welcome.
Cancelled.—The entertainment
advertised to be given here on Friday evening of this week by the St. George's Amateur Dramatic Society or Campbells Bay has been cancelled for reasons which did not appear when the announcement was made.
Ottawa, Ont.
' ®
m
OTTAWA, ONT.
ive an a pan.
Our instruction Is individual, and the school is open dui ing the entire year ; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are f 10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-ban I. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
5
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Exaroin* aliens of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowlings Advocate.
KILLED IN ACTION
W. A. HODGINS
f
"V
IF"!
SHAWVILLE
W. E.Gowi iM., H. G. W. Braithwait, President.
Principal

Don’t forget to attend Dover’s overstock Sale, Sat., June 9th. It means money in your pocket.
Keep a record of your outings, your children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have a complete stock from
II. I Ml*
The regular monthly meeting of the Shawville H. M. Club will be held on Thursday evening of this week at the home of Mrs. R. C. Woodley.
G. A. Howard is again buying horses for the French Government, and will j)ay the highest prices for the right kind. Anyone having animals to dispose of will find a ready market within the next ten days.
I CAN PLACE 40
V
\
WILLIS -GRADUATES
X
à
il
EACH MONTH.

Employers a*k me each month to supply them with an average of 40 young|* young men and boys.
During the past year 1 have filled 250 good positions ; I have had calls for fully more.
Our Shorthand training is universally recognized by the largest employers in Canada as the standard.
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO COUNT.
If you have the equivalent of a Public .School education, and are fifteen years of age or older, we can train you to fill one of these good places and to secure one of the good salaries that are being paid.
Full particulars upon lequest. Do not delay.
#1.25 up.
women
f
Box Social June 19.—The Clarendon Home-makers’ Club, recently organized, will hold a lawn box social at the home of Mr. Jos. Davis Hudgins on Tuesday evening, June 19th, in aid of soldiers at the front, A good program is being prepared. Admission 25c.; ladies bringing boxes, free. Supper will be served to those who do not purchase boxes. The Club will appreciate a good attendance, and do its utmost to make everyone welcome.







With all Groceries and Food Stuffs steadily climbing skywards, with the lowest grade Black Teas at the half dollar mark, it certainly looks good to be able to get good Japan Tea


r*
PRIVATE FRED DEAN
a Bristol boy who made the supreme sacrifice at Vimy Ridge April 9.

V 0


Births
N. I. Harrison, Principal. WILLIS COLLEGE

OTTAWA.
- ' '
L««.r rotating	D.at. f ^ SBOTr
Pte. Fred Dean of Bristol
MOTOR ASSOCIATION IS NOW PERMANENT BODY
To be Known as “The Pontine Motor Association.*'
Steps Already Taken to Attain its Objects. Big Membership
x Assured,

,
*
APPRENTICE WANTED-A
.	,	- young,
smart boy wanted at once to learn tinsmith ing. Apply to G. E. Wainman.
McDowell, a.son.
>;
France, April 17, ’17.
Dll* Mia Dean %	I PERSONAL MENTION . W
I am sorry to have to write to you on	--- w.i.k AnnL % to do general house-
such a sad subject, but I red and I have i Mr. and Mrs. A. Dover and other | ville, Que.	’ * |Sh *Wm
been the liest of chums, and I feel that friends motored to Pembroke	1
it is up to me to tell you what I can of | Sunday, him You will have seen his name for





on
for 30c.
FOR SALE—One frame house, summer
tmg Mori thiTretichei'y</u* so*!liat 'my lastweek!''	^ ^
task is not to break the new. to v<5u, j|r. T. E. Hudgins, Ottawa, was -:--
but rather to give you what little com- the guest of his brother, Henry B. fXINCRETECUL VERTS. PIPES AND fort it may l*e, to know how-well and at Yarm on Sunday and Monday. ^ curbings for wells sold at Works
Æ i;,did w"d-"'—»'n, cbvton, . vi.it ,f
ftv— I...,- m, ,o. -i« sirs.':	ht
and I have put it off, debating m my
mind if it would not be better to write H.wllt the week-end the guest to ljev. Mr. Medium than to you di- Mrs. A. E. Draper.
a-	v^n	I Capt. Rev. James Macfarlane,
tzirdshs fefs KSggftSBSw	i -
^2aetSK;5r.isSRx
%	, , « . I	. ,	, last week.


Since May 12th, 1917, the Motor Association for this County has been “The Pontiac Motor Association*. A permanent organization was formed to carry on the work and promote the aims of this new body, which are stated to be i—To co-operate in securing rational legislation, rules and regulations governing the use of automobiles in the County of Pontiac ; To protect the interests of owners and usera of automobiles against unjust or unreasonable legislation ;
To maintain the lawful rights of owners and users of automobiles, whenever and wherever such rights are menaced ; The encouragement and development in this _______
County of the automobile; To killed * MÊ
promote and encourage in all way* J of WheM in Ve^rve" "at Se "timl
For this reason I can only tell you what, _	_.	.	,	.
the fellows who were with him have We#t a few months ago. h* home told me	|again and has resumed his old job
Fred's platoon, No. 5, formed part of ,the first wave of the attack on the	, . 1
I W Lough! morning of April -th, and Fred, with compauied by
Mrs. C. H. Wainman was in Ot-

Some months ago we secured a big stock and our customers are the gainers. This price is only for present stock.
I


Miss M. E. Armstrong, Ottawa
"f! A PIANO SNAP FOR
SOMEONE.
For Black Tea Customers we have
Salada and Liptons
at listed prices.



1 Mahogony Talking Machine with selections slightly used. Snap for #65.00.
All guaranteed.
New Pianos and Talking Machines at right prices. Phone, write or call.
GEO. W. PINOLE,

the construction and maintenance of good roads, and the improvement of existing highways and generally to maintain a club devoted to automobilism.
The following officers were elected President, Win J.
Fort Coulonge :
Mr. Roy McDowell, who went
Coffees
A good grade well flavored Coffee at 40c. It.
Our tyathewsons Famous
at 45c.
; •

again ana i
with the G. F. Hodgins Co.
Mr. and Mrs. G F Hodgins ac-^gÊÊKÊÊ their two sons ar-__ from Ottawa in their auto-

45 Louai a St.
Ottawa, Ont.


v/ii v i in	111 v iu WM « 4 a « v e i*au- i — — —       —_  
Donald, Campbell a Bay, Secretary; been ordered to advance. They took	^	.	...	_ . . _ , .	.	_
Directors—T. A. Draper, R. R. No. their trench successfully, and it was	!V‘e*c attending the Mis*- Ethel Smith "a-in Ottawa
8, Shawville ; Woi Campbell,	while they were at work consolidating	graduation of her daughter, Mrs.	on Saturday.
Bristol; G. A. Howard, Shawville;	their position that poor Fred was hit,	!, w „	hospital. Miss Loren a Farrell, of	Ottawa,
W. A Hodgins, Shawville: Dr.	and almost instantly killed. It was not	î?r*‘ii (e Woodley and daughter	spent the week	end at	her	home
Dowd, Qirvon 2 Dr. Hu.dman,	till thn* days after, when his platoon	Kathleen were also guests.	in Otter Lake.
Bryson ; T. Cahill, Camubells wag Sieved, that I got new* of him.	^haw, daughter, Mrs, Mr. and Mrs. H. Shaded motored
gay ; Robt. Johnson, nlthaiD ; j w&* an anxious three ilays for me. ]	am g^amj-daughter, ^ Mille Roches on Sunday, re-
###% 6 SEgS>$S SSfrHH	a
come membem and much i. ex- .h‘ra’“ wae *?t fnund I bad m |ng.	_	tored to town on Sunday,
looted fnan the work of the Aa- h1"'u|lal^n 1 1 M " hl,1‘w rX m Jf	yr » D Hnntiiiff H A who Mrs. Henry Houston, and child-
ss-KSS-jramiu
"""1ÏÏ5S5 aS5,fliiASE WMÈ.SÏT	-
iTït: SS p55»..tLjrWa.t :
?jHe on Friday, June 15th, neii,j Yam% very sincerely*	benedict. His latest charge was Masham on Saturday to visit their
at 8 p. m. All up.	1	Join R. Ma-faklani. gt Three Rivers.	MbÉvi there.




W. A. HODGINS
Mr. and Mrs. R O. Hodgins and
###PAGE###2###
mm
Oft
îre#
1;
man, too.” was Jakobski's retort, as he Mrs. Van Nuys agreed, and the trio rubbed the lump that had been raised moved to the door and made their exit upon the back of his head where the'amid an uproar of jeers and cat-calls blow had fallen.	directed, of course, at the baffled and
Kelly instructed the waiters and at- humiliated sleuth tendants in the Cafe Chic that every When Kelly seated himself between guest in the room must be searched, Patricia and Mrs. Van Nuys, the girl and under direction of the Sphinx, the ; was careful to place herself on the aide work of investigation rapidly proceed- next to the sleuth’s outside breast ed. While Pat and Mrs. Van Nuy’s pocket. She knew what treasures the were waiting in the ladies' retiring ! pocket contained and was determined
zz&'WAWr'.s “s?tiErsjr ~rr3. ir To '"M y°' *‘""r ¦ rr û! sïêvk &
tieres that formed a protecting screen spirit, as the cab rolled along. Mrs. Have the jara perfectly air-tight peat until the .iai is lull, a I separating the main vafe from the en- \ an Nuys was not so talkative, and	new rubber rings. Wash them down as tightly as possib e. • ce
trance to the ladies' room.	, her silence was noticed by the Sphmx, doughty ami sterilize by boiling or tightly and when require, for use
So intent was Kelly in supervising who frequently addressed himself par-	,1/ f hillf an hour Cut take out the quantity needed and soak
mmt FSWSmmm mbs
fleeted the brilliant light, then the	her opportunity, slipped her slender	half an hour and cooled. Run a fork at all.
dainty hand quickly deposited its prec-	hand into Kelly's pocket and deftly	or ap0on down to break up any air
ious burden in the outside breast pock-	drew forth the .htkobski pearls. In	S|)aC0S Aftur being sure that no air
T,™r	-	eUMhee!	###«	SiliSSf
Sphinx Kelly	halted	abruptly at disquieting report came to Kelly,	locked the pearls in her jewel case	We have been told that gooseber-
Mrs. Van Nuys' table stil toying with ^J^T.Wants. that the Jakob,ki and retired.	,	ries, red currants and very fresh blue-
the handcutt s. tat sat » t :	pearls were still missing.	1 he next day Mrs. Nan Nuys re- berries will keep if prepared in the
h? • “K %
on the point of making a sharp retort, again approached Mrs. X an Nu> s ta
KM	“,a
J: ,	^r,ooking steadily .t
Then the Sphinx returned to Ja-( Pat during the time he was spe aking, kobski’s table	never glancing at Mrs. X an Nuv s. I he
The old money shark had only been girl seemed conscious of a gentle glow stunned by the blow that suddenly overspreading her cheeks. She seemed fell upon his head as the lights in the to note in Kelly s eyes a gleam she,
«•”* «*““»	Kelly's\
“Do you know if it was a man or a offer, auntie dear,’’ said Pat, when the, woman who struck you," Kelly asked Sphinx had finished speaking. We the still befuddled Jakobski.	have had excitement enough for one
“Oh, it was a man—and a strong evening, 1 m thinking.
b ft VS
&ÎG
»l
W>%
c
\
to
33 1-3
joltoe
%
MIDDLE
‘POTT 6
HID V M DAW MM. TOnOVTO
ir a
• «
«mums
# \Îm V ONtiC-^Siwe *
MASK
Qfi (iracx> (xuvcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film
Mfg. Co.
Re
U. (if i it r*

Tuner el baneiita optional.
Authorised tepbleln members nod charte* lodges in every Province in Canada.
Purely Canadien, safe, sound and

I Fic»'
following oificerei
USB
m
*
Ross Self Sealers
r.J.W.Edwarde.M.P. W. F. Montague, Grand Councillor.	Csand
• F. Campbell.
Grand Organiser.
HAMILTON . ONTARIO
for the Home Canning of
Fruits, Vegetables and Meats J. T. BOAS CAB CO.
660 King BS. W.
J. II. M, M.D.,
G/end Medical
Turuu.o
marne way.
The success of these fruits depends on having the fruit very fresh and the jars air-tight and properly sterilized.
To Dry Cherries.
Stone the cherries and spread them out in shallow dishes or platters (the dishes must be crockery, not link letting the juice remain in the dish with the cherries for a week or longer in the sun, covering with a netting to keep off flics, until they are thoroughly dried. Pack away in cotton bags or pasteboard
boxes WÊÊKKÊÊÊKtIÊÊÊÊtKÊtÊÊt
may be stewed or made into tarts. If
the cherries are intended to be used as raisins for cakes or puddings prepare in the same way but sprinkle over them a large handful of sugar and allow the:# to dry.
Dried Apples.
Windfalls and apples that will not keep may be dried for winter use. Pare, core, and cut in slices, and spread out on clean new boards or home-made racks to dry, covering with n netting to keep off the flies. About a week will make them brown and dry enough to keep an empty upper room in the house with plenty of sunlight the cherries and apples could be dried in k.
Of course, neither cherries nor apples must ever be left out in the rain if dried out of doors.
Beans Preserved For Winter Vse In
Salt.
*'#
rSPORT SHOES
IK WITH
SPORT CLOTHES
o

\1lv
.1
«
/t
It
I :


Allow them to stain!


»?
That’s the vogue, this year — to have one’s shoes in harmony with the sport suit, or outing skirt and sweater.
f
à
l\
r
d
%
When wanted for use they
>
an

-r
i
F '
i
?

i
or

\
!

This Summer
If there is
»
m
s
keep your
â
Canvas and Buckskin Shoes
SUMMER SHOES
m
are the most complete line of summer footwear ever made.
The Fleet Foot trademark goes on shoes foi every summer need—for work and play—for men, women and children.
CLEAN
and
WHITE
String green beans and cut up as if preparing for the table. Have them perfectly dry
••
Never pick on a wet g*. Spread the beans out on platters and give a good covering of Bait.
The

“Pat’* Emerged From the Retiring day
Room.
1
a
Ask your dealer to show you the Fleet Foot lin you 'll find exactly what you want—and the prices
half, a third and even less, than equally
—--—	- _ .	.	.	.	Let them stand overnight
Nuys bemoaned the fac t that her re- next morning pack in glass jars, or in
SSStt r i ÆS
cussion finally terminated. “I have UBe ta^e ^rom trut * as muny ** promised that I will get money to, are needed and soak them overnight
carry on our charities—and I’ll do it in water and then boil as fresh beans, by hook or crook.”	They require a little longer cooking
“But you must not let your tender than fresh green beans, heart impel you to do reckless and foolish things, my child,” said Mrs.
Van Nuys protestingy.
******

USE
are a
attractive leather boots would cost.
#
«
%
BS®gM
Corn Preserved For Winter l ie
White Cleaner
Cut the corn from the cob and prepare it in the same way as the beans.
Fresh Cucumbers in Salt.
Peel and slice the cucumbers thin, put a layer of sliced cucumbers and
«
For several weeks after Pat's adventure at the Cafe Chic, the newspapers were filled with reports of various robberies that were baffling the _	^	.	authorities. The disappearance of
Put up In liquid form,th# only eatltfaotory way to oleen ^he Jakobski pearls had been the first
white shoes, belt#, helmets, eto. Best for babies’ shoes 0f a long series of unsolved mysteries.
TRY A BOTTLE TO-DAY. 15a. WORTH DOUBLE
&


4T10
204
A PURE WHITE THAT WILL NOT RUB OFF.
Sphinx Kelly had discussed the affair at Cafe Chic with his assistants, and reluctantly admitted that the crime had completely baffled him.
(To be continued.)
Artificial Coloring, of Sugar Prohibited by the Government
When you buy
Sugar look lor the Red Diamond <
OR many years the Canadian Public has been eating Artificially Colored Sugars. Government reports show that some refineries have used Ultramarine Blue to make their granulated sugar look better than it actually is. Others made use of Aniline and Vegetable Dyes to give a brilliant appearance to their soft or yellow sugars.
The use of dyes or coloring matter ing the coloring of sugar, and in cases of any kind is unnecessary in refining where it is found, prosecution proCane Sugar. This is emphasized in cecdings will be entered under the notification sent to all refiners by Adulteration of Foods Act. the Dominion Government prohibit-
l
i
diAMONn
?
It is your guarantee that the sugar Is all pure cane of the highest quality,—that the weight is exact, that the grains are either coarse, medium or fine,—os you may have chosen - (your dealer can meet yourchoicl).
a
We Wish the Public to Know that we Have Never Used Coloring Matter in Lantic Pure Cane Sugar and Never Will
I .antic Pure Cane Sugar was first put on During the last two years we were told the market about two wars ago. Since that we could increase our business in cvr-that time over 200,000,000 lb*, have been tain sections of Canada, if we would color consumed by the C anadian Public,	our yellow sol t sugars, as the public
and we are now turning out 750eOW lbs.	accustomed to the more brilliant
of Pure Cane Sugar each day.	\\ e refused and a.<* itad wr Hid
The reason for this enormous	The recent action of the < 'Overn-
ness is not hard to explain. It	ment has aim* vindicated our judg-
liscriminating container has hamed I y a "ul use that 1 antic i Pure Cane Sag.ir is superior to all 1
others.	fl
Having erect ed the most modem ¦ sugaSrefinery it the worM.co '• g 1 over S4.tHMi.fH4i, we steadfastly 1 adhered to our origin .1 Doll v* of 1 making OI 1 y absolutely Pure « " M
Sugars of highest quality, in which
NO BEETS A RE USED	____I
NO ULTRA A/A RIXE BL UE IS USED NV ANILINE DYES ARE USED NO VEGETABLE DYES ARE USED
USE RED DIAMOND ST. LAWRENCE
SUGAR
EXTRA
GRANULATED
for every purpose, but especially for those which exact the best
Lantic
Sugar
Look for the Red Ball Trade-mark
FOR JAMS AND JELLIES
I To be absolutely certain of get-I ting lantic Pure ( ane Sugar — * that the Red Ball Trade-mark is on every bag or cart r guaranty to you of Canada's Purest
St Lawrence sugars have stood the test of time and have never caused preserves to ferment, prevented jellies from setting, because St. Lawrence Red Diamond Granulated is f.- e from the organic impurities whicn caisse these troubles.
or
Sugar.
fôuya tOO ft. tag of St. Lawrence Tfyd ‘Diamond Granulated now
a supply of the host sugar at hand for every purpose.
Sold also in
our gegrrr has Lanti«' Sug.ir in stock will get it ior you if you insist.
Atlantic Sugar Refineries, Limited
MONTREAL
ST. LAWRENCE SUGAR REFINERIES LIMITED,
IN
1
H-«7
###PAGE###3###
1
\
1
Z-
Whole Wheat and
Milk—the two most perfect The Cr<we *¦ Caat from Cannon tàke»
foods given to man. Dietetic
THOUGHTS ON MOTHER’S DAY.
THE VICTORIA CROSS
PERFECT HEALTH
DUE TO THE BLOOD!	-
I edition here. It has always meant »
N» CM or Woman Nood He Coo-,
nothing but sacrifice for others. It ia a day of 1017 momentous for the reason that war is calling, brutal, stark, Nature intended every girl and every cold-blooded war, calling the boys and woman to be happy, attractive, active men of this country, calling them from and healthy. Yet too many of them the last handclasp, the last lingering find their lives saddened by suffering— | touch of mother hands, the last tremb-nearly always because their blood Is to ! ling kiss of mother lips, calling them blame. All those unhappy girls and to—God only knows what! women with colorless cheeks, dull There are mothers who have said •kina and sunken, lusterless eyes, are good bye to the sons they cherished In this condition because they have not and loved, said good-bye to them for enough blood, red	blood In their veins	the	last time.	For when many of
to keep them well	and in the charm of	those sons return, it will only be to
health. They suffer from depressing find that mother has gone on, that weariness and periodical headaches. | she sits no more by the windows of Dark lines form under their eyes, their nights, watching the stare, and whis-heart palpitates violently after the pering to the imaginary baby form •lightest exertion, and they are often she holds in her arms, the baby that attacked with fainting spells. These has grown to manhood and has tra-are only a few of the miseries of blood- veiled out into the world, out from less ness. Nothing	can secure girls and	the	protection	of her arms, out from
women from the	inevitable decline	the	soft touch	of her cheek against
that follows anaemia except a generous supply of new, rich, red blood, and
nothing has ever proved so successful with little touches of Father Time In creating red, good blood as Dr. Wil- about their eyes, who will watch the Hams Pink Pills for Pale People, lists day by day, hoping against hope, Thousands and thousands of girls and I hoping, hoping—finally at last to seat women owe their good health and
charming complexion to the use of this again at the toys he played with when medicine. Here Is one example of Its he was a baby, then to fold her hands power to cure. Mise Dorlna Bastion, and to pray for the time when she can 8L Jerome, Que., says: "For over a join him, her hero, her Little Boy Blue year my health was gradually falling, of the Army, who fell as he fought, my blood had seemed almost to have You think of her to-day and wear a
GILLETTS LYE
A Useful Design
at Sebastopol.
_____.	f -	, The famous symbol of British valor
expel ta may quarrel alx>Ut is a little Maltese cross of bronze, In-
cvcrything else, but they arc 1 significant to look at beside.many a
-.greed « this The proper j ‘.T.	w,u%
Combination ia Shredded most coveted decoration of all that
Wh..« Biscuit with milk I
the greatest amount of be c»ll.d an order—was practically
stantly Ailing and Unhappy.
D
Afl
!

protein (the element that •" °ut*°*"e of the Crimean War; po.-
build, muscular tissue) for KiSIS °f For & the least money. Two or who have not handled a Victoria Cross
three of these Biscuits with milk make a nourishing breakfast on which to start the day’s work and they cost only a few cents, boon to the housewife be-
MADE IN
CANADA

/
It may be ai well to say that it Is
adorned with a crown surmounted by “You must keep your mouth closed a lion and * email scroll bearing the while in the water, Edna,” said the pregnant words, “For Valor.” On the nurse as she was giving the little one reverse of the medal Is given the date her morning bath; “if you don’t you’ll or dates of the deeds of heroism for rwallow some of it.” “Well, what if which it was awarded, the name of I do?” queried little Edna the recipient being inscribed at the • back of the bar, to which It is attach-
Cause they are ready-cooked ed by a V. The Cross is cast from can-
and ready-to-eat. Delicious with berries or other fruits.
Made in Canada.
Plenty Left
A
h
“There’s
plenty more in the pipes isn’t there?”
r
L
h
,When Your Eyes Need Care
Vee MurUi* Eye Medicine NoBtuartlng-Feels Floe — Act» quickly. Try It for ItwJ. Weak, Hi ire Ijec and Grauulated Eyelids. Murine Is compounded by our Oonliat»— not a "Patent Med l.'lne"—but used in wu«lcee»f «il Ph > sic lane’ Practice for many yean* Now dedicated to i be Public and wild by DrugglMta at 60c per Dottle. Murine Ere Halve In Aaeptlr Tubes tftc and 50c. Write for book of the Eye Free. Murine Eye Remedy Ocnpeny, Chicago. Ad?.
non that were taken at Sebastopol. The first presentation of the V.C. took place in Hyde Park on June 26, 1857, on which occasion sixty-two men were decorated
Crosses by the Queen occupied only about ten minutes, and a great review brought the proceedings to a close. Five of the Crosses won at the battle of Alma were gained in defence of the colors.
his
The pinning on of the
There will be mothers, white haired,
0
JAPANESE ARE VEGETARIANS
Natives of the Flowery Kingdom Consume Little Meat.
Very little meat is produced or consumed in Japan, the people depending mainly on vegetables, such as rice, fish, certain bulbs such as tiger lily and seaweed, which are very nourishing and different from anything found along our seacoait.
Peas and beans are largely culti-: vated in Japan, which resemble our | bush beans and are very prolific, ln-I eluding twenty or more varieties; radishes in all sizes, including the sakurajima, which grows from half a pound to a pound. The long white radish nerine is ten to twelve inches long and very delicious.
Cucumbers include the climbing variety which has been introduced in this country; carrots of large size and fine flavor; eggplants, turnips and a pumpkin which in size and flavor rivals our best, excellent as a pie" filling or cooked as we cook turnips. The udo compares favorably with asparagus.
The delicious Chinese cabbage makes an excellent table dish and is used in many ways.
In Japan vegetables in seasonable assortment are peddled In two baskets carried across the shoulders on a bamboo pole, brought fresh daily to the door for the housewife’s selection.
All these vegetables can be grown
Manorial Value of Clover.
Chemically, physically and biologically the growth and turning under of clover improves the soil, and we have been enabled to demonstrate over and over again that a crop of clover in the rotation has a manurial effect equal to an application of farm manure of ten to fifteen tons per acre.—Frank T. Shutt, Dominion Experimental Farm.
In the old rocker,. to look
£ McCall
Speak Of Them In The Highest Terms
Simple separate blouses are the turned to water, my cheeks were pale, flower commemorative of her pure order of the day, and are very smart
my lips bloodless, and the slightest and noble life. Yes, think of your when they have large collars and exertion left me breathless. I suffered	dear old	mother to-day,	and if she is	worn with plaid skirts. These plaid
frequently from severe headaches, my	far away write to her.	If	she has	skirts are made of a	variety of ma-
appetite failed, and my friends feared gone beyond the reach of letters, go terials from gingham to heavy silk I was going Into consumption. I had now to where she sleeps and kneel be- poplin gg# # been doctoring but did not derive any	side her	grave, as once	you	knelt be-	model with a draped	effect which is
benefit, and finally I had to give up j	side her	knee.	particularly pleasing.	McCall Pattern
my work and return home. It was at	| If she is still near you—lucky	per-	No. 7771, Ladles’ Waist	in	6	sizes;
this stage that a friend brought me a	, son that you are—go to her and allow	84 to 42 bust; and	No.	7777, Ladies’
box of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills and	your arms to steal softly about	her	Two-Piece Skirt,
urged me to try them. By the time	neck and kiss her. Kiss her	and	length; in 6 sizes,
the box was used I thought thoy were	brush aside the straying gray	hair	Price, 20 cents each
helping me, and decided to continue and whisper to her that you love her,
are
Why Mr. and Mrs. West Recommend Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
Mlnard'e Liniment need by Physicians.
The illustration shows a
talk about ths It is very difficult It is practically impos-
There was much
onion maggot to control.
Made Mrs. West Feel Like a New sib,e t0 trap lhe fjy that lays the Person.. They Are the Best Tonic
They Cured Mr. West's Lumbago and
x
One of the best ways to fool the
egg*
creature is to plant what is called a
Plant radishes, and let the
in 39 or 37-inch 22 to 30 waist
St. James, Man., May 28th (Special) —That Dodd's Kidney Pills are living up to their great reputation In the West Is twice proved by Mr. and Mrs. O. West, well known and highly re
I trap crop maggot get in his work on them then destroy them and put in your onions.
These patterns may be obtained using the pills. I took a half dozen	and that she is your “bestest girl of	from your	local	McCall	dealer	or	from
boxes more, when my strength had	all” And remember, that while you	the McCall	Co.,	70	Bond	St.,	Toronto,
completely returned, my appetite was	are grown up into manhood or wo-	Dept. W.	'	-
restored, my color returned, headaches	manhood, to everyone else In the
hgd disappeared and I was feeling bet-	world, to one person you are still
ter than I had been for years. I would that happy, smiling, cooing little be urge every weak and ailing girl to give ing who played at her feet in the br. Williams' Pink Pills a fair trial.'	gjg mÊÊIÊÈÊ JÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ
These pills are sold by all medicine ful treasure of all the treasures in dealers or may be had by mall at 50 the world—her baby. And so, if the cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock-til le, Ont
epectod residents of this place. Let nROFiT-MAKINQ NEWS AND JOB Mrs. Waft tell the story of wliat the g Office» for cal* in good Ontario
great Canadian kidney remedy has J°wan*	U Full fnfwmaVton on
application to Wilson Publishing Cora* 73 Adelaide St.. Toronto.
MISCELLANEOUS

HEALTHY CHILDREN
done for her husband and herself.
“My husband suffered from attacks of lumbago," she elates, “and the doctor did him no good, but 1 can truth- ¦> icyci.es NEW AND second
ba*°	„ ijt n xnckk. tumors, lumps, etc..
^	..	,	j4.	... , “I myself took six boxes of Dodd s 1 , internal and external, cured with*
teïSsrssïKï	«-jaigg
végéta des.	Jr tbem and my friends compliment	_
AUTOMOBILJS F0» BALE
CADILLAC IN GOOD RUN nln
nv
v
years of long age, the most wonder-
It is natural for little ones to be well, and with care every baby can be kept well
keeping little ones well Is to keep their little stomach sweet and their bowels regular. Baby’s Own Tablets will do this. Thousands of mothers keep the Tablets in the house, as they And them an efficient guard against illness. Concerning them Mrs. Hilaire Deemarais, St. Joseph de Sorel. Que., writes believe Baby's Own Tablets are the best medicine in the world for children. My baby was terribly constipated i but the Tablets promptly cured him and now be laabig healthy child.” The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mall at 26 cents a box from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
The main thing towards
tears come to her eyes as she sits and holds your hands tight against- her breast, if she is silent with those mother lips quivering in their worldless ecstasy, don’t be ashamed if the tears should come to your own eyes, too.
And kiss the tears away and be proud and happy of the opportunity— and think of those who would give As human beings we are supposed many and many a year of their life for to stand erect, and therefore standing the 8ame privilege. And remember, straight ought to be the most natural a8 you do so> that the lane of life is easiest thing in the world. There jong and the pathway of love " has are fed things, however, which are as many turnings. But there is One who fatiguing as holding an erect position never falters as she treads her way for a long time or when we are tired, along it towards the sunset. One who The reason which medical men have never wavers come what will, and \given for this is that man is recently that One is Mother. If she
Medical
^ WHY YOU REST ON ONE LEG.
\
Reason Why an Erect Position Is Tiring to Human Beings.
me on how well 1 look. .
“I have recommended Dodd's Kid

The Kid Has Gone to the Colors.
I
1910
Ha» spare
condition
s!bo
ney Pills to some of my lady friends who were complaining of not feeling and they, like myself, speak high- ; ly of them.”
Dodd's Kidney Pills cure the kid neys. Cured kidneys make pure blood. That is why Dodd's Kidney Pills are the best tonic.
UDSON, 11# 16 MODEL. 6 CYLINder. 7 Passenger Touring Car. Klsc-trie lights and marier. Recently overhauled and newly painted Tires In gooi shape. Price 11,300.
The Kid has gone to the Colors And we don’t know what to bay; The Kid we have loved and cuddled Stepped out for the Flag to-day.
We thought him a child, a baby,
With never a care at all;
But his country called him man-size— And the Kid has heard the call.
well
f
and
11# 15 MODEL. 6 CYL1N-
<’ar. with horoughly
II
UDSON
der. 7 Passenger Touring electric lights and starter. T | overhauled In our shop and newly paint-Scat covers on all Oversixe tires
seats and doors.
ed
Price 11.200
is gone,
evolved from the lower species which gone into that quiet haven where are not able to stand erect, and that there are no worries, no troubles, no as yet we are not fully adjusted to nights and days of anguish for the holding ourselves upright. Our hip safety and comfort of those who I bone does not fit vertically into the B part of her life, her heart, her be-bones of *.he pelvic girdle. This does ing—if she has gone onward to the not lie directly under the spine.	peace her quiet love has earned, are
The upright position is maintained you going out today to the little mound only by a complex cross-strain of one wherein she rests, and whisper a set of muscles pulling forward and benediction over her, a little psalm to another set of muscles pulling back- your Maker that He keep her safe ward. This demands a new adjust-1 within His arms? Yes, you are, for ment with every movement It is a you ere a man or a woman—and to-tremendous muscular strain which day is Mother’s Day! holds the hip bone and leg joints in j
position and which has to meet the RIVERS 0UT 0F THE ORDINARY, constant adjustment of keeping the body erect. The most natural way to relieve it is to slump a little to one side and throw the weight upon one
leg. In this wey the joints are placed A river of ink is formed in Algeria more directly up and down and so by the union of two streams, the wared uce the width of the angle which is ter of one being impregnated with formed by the hip bone not fitting iron, and the other, which drains a vertically tnto the bones of the pelvic great swamp, with gallic acid. This girdle
The fact that military men have pure Ink. All rivers of Africa seek the
With The Best Intentions
Teddy had been invited out to tea. I H VTyUnde^^uring*
He wanted to have the afternoon off fight* and starter. In good running ord^r
from school, but his mother would	**** “	* """
not hear of it. As his bedtime was •yvloR sedan. a very FINE seven o clock, he had rather a short I looking closed car seating fl\e.
visit, and as he was leaving hi, Ss;rtfle»«h“.ISS! hostess said cordially:	open, which give* ample ventilation fur
“I’m so sorry you’ve been able to euinmer driving Price $700
stay such a little while, dear.”	II UDSON. MODEL 33.	5 PA8SEN-
Tommy remembered hi, mother’s j	‘MT*
injunctions to be police on all occa-, g -sions, and answered sweetly: “Oh, it’s j f quite long enough, thank you!”
The Kid has gone to the Colors; It seemed but a little while
ENCOURAGE CULTIVATION
Since he drilled a schoolboy army In a truly martial style.
But now he’s a man, a soldier,
And we lend him a listening ear;
Campaign by Canadian Pacific Ry. to Meet Food Shortage.
were
In order to encourage the settlement and cultivation of vacant land# For his heart is a heart all loyal, in the Western Provinces, the Cana- Unscourged by the curse of fear
dian Pacific Railway Company,------------------------------------------
through its Colonization and Development Department, of which Mr. J. S.
Dennis is the head, has undertaken
an active campaign to try and induce Mlnard'a Liniment Co., Ltd. absentee owners to cultivate their Gents,—I have used your Minard’s
holdings.	Liniment in my family and also In my Minard’s Liniment Lumberman's Friend. ^
A circular has been issued to some stables for years and consider It the 8,000 absentee owners, pointing out best medicine obtainable.
A Stream of Ink la One of the Freak#, the profits which can be made by . Your» truly,
«	of Nature.	cultivating their lands, and showing	ALFRED ROCHA V,
how many farmers sold their last Proprietor Roxton Pond Hotel and years’ crop for more than the original cost of their farms.
The Company offers the advice and assistance of its Colonization and Development Department free of charge, In supplying reliagge informa-1	tE§
employed this means of gaining rest oeean that is farthest away from their tb°en l^nd^undZ . Vtlvation	The south wind 10,(1 the bro<>klet»
when In drill I, not without si^ifl- source	send, on request, the fullest details a. A**!"**	bl*W:
cance. When the order Is given “At	In Siberia rivers flow over ice, old	to routea travel	rustoms remila-	The	brooklet	told	the	rushes,
ease” or “In place—rest,” the weight	and solid as rock. A tributary of the	tiens passenger and	freight rates and	Who	whimpered	it	to the dew;
k shifted to one leg.	j Lena River has underneath the soil .j^ilLr ,i#ltl	„ : The dewdrops told the robin
which forms the bed of *e river •	In undertaking this c.m.lgn the (Who never could keep a thing!)
-«r: -..........................Z3 Z ~
Increased production per laborer River, because no one knows its ori- greater production to meet the food	spring!	!
may be obtained by extending the	gin, and it vanishes into a cave lead-	shortage which at present threatens
farm operations or by increasing the	ing no one knows where. It flows
yield per acre—economists have held without a ripple and is of a pale blu-that the extensive type of agriculture ish color.
is limited ft	_____
terest on capital invested in equip- curiosities of Texas. In fine weather ment plus the depreciation equals the a sound like that of an aeolian harp expense of employing the number of,la given out by the well. At times the men which have been replaced by the sound ia clear; then it recedes, as if
far away; and then t reaches the ear very faintly. These changes take place
UDSON 1313 MODEL “If A HIGH powered, six cylinder. 6 paeeenger Touring Car.
look* Ilk# new
TUDERACKER SEVEN PAS8EN-ger, 4 cylinder Touring Car. In good running order. T1r#« In good shape. Thin car was painted this year and looks
There .re . million small farms in : v#rr n,ce prl,'e *!*!:____
Rumania and on,y a few thousand	.
large ones; but the few big landown- and * tarter, good tire*, and le a bargain
have more land than the many at ,he Pr*cwll°°._______________
small ones. The average size of the nueaEi.L, 3 passenger carrio-
million small farms is eight acres, nullable for a doctor. Price $1,000. while that of 4,471 large ones is 2,200
In good running order and Price 1750.
I
Tiny Rumanian Farms
Livery Stables
ers
We on): well uee.i cars after the pur acres, says the National Geographic chaser has had a demonstration and
Magasine. In time, of peace the W.l-	2f	.Tmr
lachians go into Hungary by the tens showroom next time you are in Toronto
and let our salesmen show you ar of our used car# and give you a demonstration.
combination of iron and acid forms a
of thousands to help with the sowing and reaping.
DOMINION AUTOMOBILE CO.,
Limited
MONEY ORDERS
Send a Dominion Express Money Order. They Are payable everywhere.
146-160 Bay Street. Toronto. Ont.

When baying your , Piano Insist on having an
Importance of Farming
Agriculture must not only be self-supporting, but, in large degree agriculture must support our other great industries. Without agriculture, the coal and iron would be left in the earth, the forest would be left uncut, the railroads would be abandoned, the cities depopulated, and the wooded land and waterways would again be used only for hunting and fishing. Shall we not remember, for • example, that the coal mine yields a
j The intensive production of muni-	j • ® T T T w " *	«ingle harvest—one crop—and is then	I
every few minutes, and with great	tions in France, with its enornfbus re-	You oorn-peetered men and women	forever abandoned; while the	soil	L*
regularity. With an	east wind blow-	quiremente In hand labor, has opened	need suffer no longer. Wear the shoes	must yield a hundred- yes, a	thousand
ing the water in the	well gets very	up s new future for the deaf and dumb	that nearly killed you before, says this	crops, and even then it must	be richer
low, and the mysterious musical sound	who, before the war, were excluded	Cincinnati authority, because a few	Bnd m0re productive than at the	be
is faint A strong west wind causes	frora factory work. Now hundreds of	drop# of freasons applied directly on a	ginning, if those who come after	us
the water to rise and	the sound to in-	them are making shells and parts of	leader, aching com or callus, stops	ire to continue to multiply and replen-J
crease In volume and	clearness. Be-	automobiles and aeroplanes for the	soreness at once and soon the corn or the earth
fore a north wind the well plays its	army. They learn even quicker by	hardened cgJhie loosen# so It can be
wildest pranks. The water rises near-	eight thaïs-do many workmen by ear,	lifted off. root and all, without pain
ly to the top of jfche well, which le 1 ¦ about'dO ft. deep, and gives out wild, weird noises.
"OTTO HIQSL" PIANO ACTION
the world, and which Canada, with its extensive and fertile unplowed areas, can provide.
YES 1 LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN

A singing well is one of the natural
that point where the in-
—+
BOOK OX
*
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
DEAF MITES MAKE GOOD
Cincinnati man tells how to dry up a corn or callus so It lifts off with fingers.
They are Successfully Employed In French Munition Factories.
Milled fr## te eny sddmie bj

Aeerfcas
equipment
H. CUT GLOVER CO., Inc. 118 West 31st Street, New York
QUEEN’S
/IBSORBine
LA ME HESS
from a Bone Spavin, Ring Bone, Splint, Curb. Side Bone or tinulaf trouble sad gets horse going sound. It acts mildly but quickly and forvi
* Does not blister
UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON
ONTARIO
ARTS
EDUCATION
j
hair
Rather Mixed.
and their attention never being divid A Wall bottle of freesoee ©net.	very Henry, aged five, had a habit	f	f* lKsS3l!l"S5ri!Ï
ed by conversation, their output is of	Mille at any drug store, but will	pod	u-ing in hls conversation every big	SJvwS M.,re# Book t M frel. ¦¦
the best t u h and equal in volume te lively lake off every hard or coft corn Word%e happened to hear, regardless ABSOKBINE, JR., the antiseptic lit»» that of the be«t mr	They are	or callus, TMe should be tried,	as it	0f ^ meaning. One morning	he	for mar kind, reduces Psmful Swellings,
even more attentive to danger than or-	Is Inexponsfve and Is said not to	Irrl-	and his older brother were Irving	to	Urged Cilsnds, Wens, Bmiaee,VaricosewM
heals Sofes. Alleys Me. WU1 sell yea more if you write. Si and S3 a bottle at
I a »4
i saw-
Mining.
Windbreaks protect the orchard from both
poration, and fro#% cold.
HOME STUDY
«
and winter eve-
dinary men.
wash from the same basin, to Henry’s -------+-------- If your druggiut hasn't any freesone detriment, and he ran into the kitchen,
If you expect nothing all you ret is ,el1 Wm to *** e ema11 bo,Ue for X®0 exclaiming: “Mamma,Charlie’s metro-
much velvet	, from hi# wholesale drug bow# it is polmng the whole laudatory ’
ae rnw* velvet.	|. , ettlff sûd Uke a charm every	______
I time.	Aek fee Hiwrl a s»e take
hr
and melts less rapidly
*.. *»
Ei). 7.
ISSUE 21—’It,
is
the number of windfalls Is lessoned

e L
###PAGE###4###
diseuse in their flock will be appreciated.
As usual, communications to the Kx-perimental Farm re. diseases of |H>ultry will Ik* welMimed and with Dr. Wick ware now giving all his time to this matter, even more information will he available. Specimens of sick birds should l*e sent when practicable and may l>e expressed collect if addressed to Biological Laboratory, Kx|>erimcntal Farm, Ottawa.
unu wuo is now connectea witn military undertakings in the Province of Quebec. Captain Keene is a clever painter of figures, and has a picture "To Fill the Gap" in a prominent place in this year's Academy.
Among the etchers are Lieut. Cyril H. Barraud, who crossed to France with the 43rd Battalion of Winnipeg; W. J. Chester, formerly u teacher in the Toronto Technical
School and recently invalided from, mun vjiiiuai am ¦	.	,	, , r *.1	. .1 r
active service; Pte. a. e. Waite, of |	-	—1 nieiits ever placed before the public
ïrS'.,;y..r.r:.,d Kf w! of thudUtrict. lUee. arc ...cl. that il «ill I» to intending
purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order
figures, bas been successful in paint elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Ing animals and landscapes. Pte. 1 Waite is with the field ambulances and Pte. Stark with a construction battalion. Two cartoonists are wearing khaki, Henry B. Leahy, of Halifax, and E. Wallcousins. Three young men of promise who have also gone are Luigi Nobill, an Italian, who returned to his own country to light against Austria; W. Smithson Broad head, with the 1st King Edward Horse, who has a picture,
"The Wayside Sketch." honored by a place on the walls of the Arts and Letters Club of Toronto, and Lieut.
Gordon Payne, now with the Signallers in the Old Land.
Another Toronto man who has gone to England in connection with
who at
ZMTSf	I ° «- »«• »	*¦— """
by amateurs. Mr. Coates was interested In sculpture and designing, and
is now	bis	m	ioif|f| ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||	|^ I^ M
to aid in the restoration of the faces I rqTAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on of men seriously wounded.	the 14th of each month.
There are two women artists H N Hodoins, whose names must be added to this |	\v. Comp, in bom
Miss Florence Carlyle, of Woodstock, is regarded by many of the critics as the most eminent of our women painters an international reputation, her pictures having been shown and admired in New York, in the Paris Salon and the British Royal Academy. Miss Carlyle is working in an English munition factory. Miss Clara E. Hag-arty, of Toronto, is also in London, where she has been laboring, ever 3inee the outbreak of the war, in the parcel room of the Red Cross Society.—Toronto Saturday Night.
.ne prospect 01 oeing soon ai u»e front, where he will do held sketches and signalling.
Two of Canada's best known painters have been wounded. One of hem, Pte. A. Y. Jackson, is looked jpon by many as the most consptc-lous ligure among our younger art-sts. Pte. Jackson came originally ’rom Montreal, but after studying In ihe Julian Academy of Paris he set-led down in Toronto. He quickly received recognition as a painter with plenty of ideas and marked iriginality. He showed himself to >e unconventional in his work with->ut running to extremes hat he found himself classed among .he progreaisve young painters without running foul of the critics who fear that the radicals are on the point of becoming eccentrics. It was typical of this clever young artist that he should have enlisted early In the war as a private in the 60th Battalion. raised in his native city of Montreal. He crossed to France sarly last year and was wounded in the spring push. Pte. Jackson did not put aside his brushes entirely when he enlisted, as the painting of "Mills at Leeds
Royal Academy testified ion is an artist who understands how to put Canadian feeling into his pictures.
Captain Ernest Fosbery, of Ottawa. has also been wounded. Captain Fosbery is one of our best known landscape painters, and he also does an occasional portrait. His etchings have been seen in many exhibitions, and It is perhaps as an etcher that a great many art lovers know him best. He is a master of exquisite line. Ottawa has given the Dominion no more widely known artist than Capt. Fosbery in recent years, and his work will be greatly missed from the galleries so long as he continues to wield an officer's swagger stick instead of a paint brush. It was with the 77th Battalion that he entered ictlve service.
One of the most marked individ-julities among the younger painters is Mr. Law iren Harris, now doing military work with the Headquarters Staff in Toronto. Canadian art has ilways suffered from the lack of voting artists who are sufficiently in-lependent financially to paint what ihey like. Mr. Harris is one of the lucky few who are not slaves to the public, but who can please them selves
never get into a rut Klva Corrigan, Edith | paints brUJiantly;
founds the critics
displays originality and a determination to do just what pleases him. I*he general public first paid attention to his work when he painted studies of the old houses on Toron-.o's down-town streets that were jnce the homes of fashion, but have now fallen on evil days. These pictures were not only line bits of color hut they showed plenty of character. More recently Mr. Harris has been painting studies of hills and trees ad en with snow. The general public does not like them so wc! 1 as the Md houses. They do not know what the artist is trying to do and why he should be doing it, but Mr. Harris :ontinues on his way regardless of wb.it the public wants. He has be-îome a force In Canadian art.
A picturesque personality among he artists in khaki is Pte. W. J. tVood, of the 157th Battalion. Pte. »Vood i a man wtih whom art has >een his life's ambition, but he could only work very slowly towards his goal. He started out Into the world very young and, in his own words, he has done "everything that a man can do with his hands." He has been a lumberman and \ blacksmith, and Capacities, Several Having Been when he went to Boston to get into
Wounded While One Is Now touch with the art life there, he
worked as a gardener. He lived as a boy in Ottawa, but in recent years HOSE who used to think this home has been in Midland. Tin
reward of Pte. Wood's efforts was just commencing to come when wai broke out. Ills etchings, crude but vigorous, were finding a place in the exhibitions, and some of them were to be seen last September at the Toronto Exhibition. He has continued to do a little etching since crossing to England, and with his devotion to
SHAWVILLE WARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 7, 1917.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Mono-
Kt. lion. Arthur J. Balfour, Foreign S«’i rotary in the Inijieiial Government, uni head of the British War Mission to
was given a most cordial rent the occasion of his rv-
A
< ent it'll
Methodists Endorse Conscription.
The Met lax list Conference in session at Pembroke last week pareil the following resolution :
“ Whereas we recognize that the duty of paramount importance before Canada at the present time is the prosecuting to
l conclusion of the present struggle for world wide liberty, and :
“ Whereas our men now on the firing line are urging us to supplement and support their efforts with more men, and we owe it to them, in view of the sacrifice they have already made that their Mpi*cal shall he fully met, and :
" Whereas, while having believed up to the present in voluntary service, we now recognize that after fair trial it has failed to meet the requirements of the situation, and :
" Whereas we have heard the state ment of the needs of the present situation made this morning by Lieut.-Col. Cecil Williams ;
" Therefore, be it resolved that this Montreal Conference of the Methodist Church, in annual session assembled, does record its hearty endorsation of compulsory service on a selective basis as already outlined by the Premier, and urge the speedy enactment of such legislation as will make this effective, and that we trust that our people will unite in sup|H>rting the leaders of the country in this matter, and that a copy of this resolution l*e wired to the Premier.
»t \Nit to Ottawa, both on his arrival ,d also at the House of Parliament the lowing day, when he addi iut session of the Senate and Com
which are
So it was
1
1
f
t
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
ii the supreme is iging the Empire’s attention at pre
ions
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
sent
m sucev
The situation at Ottawa as regards a r« construction of the Dominion cabinet with a view to overcoming opposition to conscription through the bringing together of the leading minds from among
the peoples representatives in Purlin ment, in order that the one supreme issue of the prosecution of the war may have behind it the force of their united counsel, energy and influence, does not seem to lie getting any more hopeful as the days go by. Saturday the pros|>ects for the formation of a coalition govern-nent were reported bright, while Monday’s news was far far from re assuring on that point, and a general election is again hinted at as likely. Meanwhile Sir Rolivrt Borden is being overwhelmed with resolutions and petitions for and against conscription The problem is indeed a difficult one.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
GRANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
In this year's Canadian
Pte. Jack-
---11
O. Y. B. LODGE. No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
e. n.
Rec.-Secy.
- First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - * First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawviile - First Saturday, Yarn • Last Monday
of each month.
G. G. MvDowkm W. M.
month.
Edward Dale VV.M.
Reu. Hodgins, Secy.
RHO. HoIKIINS Com. Scribe.
1
list
Hog for Service
Purebred ( hemterwhite Hog “ Slmw ville Hero, 13808. Fee—SI.00.
GEO. DRAPER,
R. R. No. 3, Shawville
She possesses
CLEAN UP SALE
New Express Cream Separator Singer Sewing Machine The above must be cleared out and most liberal terms will bo given
Nagging the Government
We are glad to notice of late that several of our more independent news pipers have protested against the foolish and harmful habit of nagging at the Government.
Constructive, specific criticism, based ifi conscience and a desire to better administration, is always helpful. Ignorant, carping criticism of a general character avails nothing but harm. During the past thirty-six months the Horden Aklministftition has l»een nagged at and criticized without ceasing. Some of it is inspired by blind partisanship, some of it by ignorance, some of it by the incurable habit of finding fault. It i< cisy to nag. And it is easier to be critical than correct.
Hog for Service
Poland China Hog (registered). Ser vice fee—One dollar.
Apply at
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS
District Schools
G. A. HOWARD
S. S. No. 10, Bristol
Bernadette Gallagher
Jessie Horner, Lula Horner.
Grade Y.—C harlotte Gallagher, Anas tatia McKee, Louisa Hazard, Joseph Murphy.
Grade l\
Horner.
Grade 111. Sr. Jimmie McKee, Clifton Corrigan, Beulah Moore.
Ill, Jr.—Myrtle Moore, Ethel
CAN ADI AN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY 00.
Homeseekers*
Excursions
; WORKED IN OIL WELLS
It is certain that he will
At times he again he durab-but he always
NOTICE.
The people in this section axe probably the "best pay*’ of any In our country. Yet. a few accounts are outstanding. These may he settled at the office.
W. ARMSTRONG. M. D. Shawville. March 17, 11M7.
CANADIANS HELPED TO CREATE ROt MANIA’S WEALTH.
W**re Present When the German It«• laden Swept Over the Country and Helped in the I>cstnictlon of the Oil Fields Which Huns Were Anxious to Capture and Operate.
< ir
Sharp*.
Grade II. - Melvin Corrigan, Yreda Sharp*, Ida La hey, I carl Hazard.
(»r. I.—Gertie Horner.
Sr. Primer -Tena Doherty.
Jr. Primer (a) Wiilie McKee ;
( Flora ( 'aidwell, Ethel Budd, Lennirt Sharp», Winnifred I h flierty.
No. on roll -2~ ; average attendance
To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, May to October, 1017.
Good going every Tuesday,
8th to October 30th. BUT. It»
Shingles for Sale.
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
H. T. ABOVE, Shawville, <jue.
FEW weeks ago Rt. Hon. D. Lloyd George, Premier of Great Britain, announced that a British commission sent iuto Roumania for the purpose 3f destroying the wells and refineries 3f the oil fields of that country had reported the annihilation of property ind oil to the value of one hundred ind fifty millions of dollars. Every effort was made to leave the territory in such a chaos that the Teuton invader would find it impossible to
A
May
|vt. vw ww.	.......et urn
limit two calendar months from date of sale.
British and Allied officials who have visited Canada have marvelled at the im inner in which our military organiza-
:	¦ is been n Id l together within
irt years. ( )ur achievements in the war have won the admiration of all
ind prov < >ked the i
Stanley, Cl Clifford Shi
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shawville
13
31 ty of Ployestl Is the refining centre of the whole territory, though small refineries are established at Bucharest and other places. From Ployestl radiate pipe lines in all directions to gather the ceaselessly flowing streams of the brown-colored "juice" into the great central cauldrons, whence it issues in a hundred forms, from the gasoline which drives motor cars, to the greases and oils which lubricate our locomotives and our lathes. In 1914 the Roumanian Government began the construction of a trunk line from Ployestl across the Intervening 170 miles of country to the Black Sea
¦ rt of Conetanzia, where the oil Delays are dangerous, pm . hase your would be loaded into tank steamers Policy Contract today, to find its way more easily into the markets of the world.
But the ruthless hand of war bas rent to tatters the iron spiderweb from Uushtenarl, Campina, Buzen,
Moneti to Ployestl, and has broken the thread which was to attach It to the outside world. Ontario oil drillers helped well in the work of destruction. A thousand wells are now choked with steel and cement; a hundred refineries are now heaps of ruins; numberless "rigs" are broken and silent. Drillers from Lamb-ton County were present at the baptism of the infant industry thirty
They watched and as-
]
J mie Horner,
I
Regular at Edith Hornet
md
VI
The men wh< ut making war -m tr tnetlvnl
r t
eto
H'S
THEY CANNOT CARRY OR THE WAR
WITHOUT AMMUNITION.
th
I
k
ARTISTS AT THE FRONT
W ,1
1
it
ticism of a Oov-
mdueting a war is spécifié It must be based on reason-itc information and definite
mmission. Scold -• than useless ; and some of venomous rubbish we have had in tria Ifveamv a national menace by
The only 1
nt
GIFTED MEN WHO ARE NOW WEARING KHAKI.
repair the damage before he could t>e expelled beyond the mountains.
This report excited only mild general interest—for Canadians live in days of huge destruction. Their attention was more sharply aroused by a news Item which stated that drillers from the county of Lambton,
In tb* Province of Ontario, had as-listed In the work of demolition.
The late Geo. Normandy, of Enniskillen Township, Lambton County, entered Wallachia as the first Canadian drilling expert. From that time down to the present Roumanla has seldom been without a representative from Ontario's own Petrolea or the country Immediately surrounding it.
Chief among these "knights of the pole and bit" may be mentioned Messrs. I^ambert, McCutcbeon,
Brooks and Brader. The last mentioned Is reported to have acquired large personal Interests In the Roumanian field and was on the high road to wealth when the war over- years ago whelmed him, as it has overwhelmed listed Its growth to maturity and in-many British subjects In those parte deepndeoce, and they aa Canadians
and Britishers did their share has so participants in the act of its destruc-For some Uon. But the driller knows that,
in a field like that of Roumanla, permanent annihilation la impossible. Canadians may be certain that when the hour of resurrection and rehabilitation cernes (as It Is sure to come), some of their compatriots will be among the magician# to conjure back the departed spirit of progress and prosperity to the Roumanian oil field. This country’s part in world development is not confined to the activities of commissioners high or low; her humble and unthought-of sons are silently laying the foundations of prosperous foreign states whose future historians will write In letters of gold upon the first page of their grateful annals the name of Canada.
How will your w ife and little ones face the battles of life when you are not there to supply what is necessary 1
The 1k>sI possible answer Is :
M y acc »vts of 01
I
Painters, Cartoonists, and Illustrators Have Joined the Army and Are Serving in Various Military
A CONFEDERATION LIFE POLICY.

weakening the importance of criticism :1 it h id to d<• with matters w genuine
ire of a Governm
my value unless accompanied by t f particulars,
Fhe war will not 1- w«*n by n iggi
It will only be won l • he spirit that i~ willing t«> forget partv a pible and by heart to the struggle—helping the Government to stay right when they are right, and to get right when they are
The Canadian who censures

N
t
Wearing a Military Cross.
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent,
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
f
T
l «
that the artist's occupation cuts him off from military service have heard with in-
t Sir Roliert Borden
much as is humanly pos-all of us I tending a British

terest from time to time of the activities of the Artists' Rifles in the Old Land
This corps was raised
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
originally about sixty years ago by
Lord Leighton, Robert Edis, and Val I his art and bis faith in himself, he Prinsep exclusively for artists and I ought to succeed sculptors, and at different periods | married man with a family men like Watts, Millais, Holman Hunt, William Morris, and Sir Edward Poynter have belonged to it.
Poultry	Disease	Investigator [Q time it was enlarged to Include	I interesting work in France is Pte. J
—	acloraT, architects, musicians, and	W. McLaren, who paints In oils and
Experimental Farm	Note.	writers, and with the coming of the	water colors with a talent that pro
Great War, the qualifications of the	, mises well for the future. He went
corps were made even more elastic, to England with a University Com There is no organization In Canada	pany and was drafted to the Princess
that corresponds to the Artists'	I Pats. He entered the trenches last
Rifles, and for that reason people In	March and saw three months of ser
this country do not realize how many	vice there. Then his unique chance
)f bur artists have put on khaki. We	! came. In June the major of the
must hoar In mind that among the battalion asked him to get up an en tounger men In the Dominion the | tertainment. The scheduled perform-nu m her of artists Is small
side of our national existence has | of severe fighting In which the regl
ment took part, but later on the "revue," as they called it, reached the stage, with such success that the Colonel suggested-that It should become a regular feature of the army iian artist who did belong for a I life. Pte. McLaren organized the short time to the United Arts Corps, Princes Patricia’s Canadian Light )f London, England. For three years * Infantry Comedy Company with the irlor to the outbreak of the war Mr. assistance of Mr. Percy Ham, son of Jrahara had been living In Antwerp, Dr. Albert Ham. as business man saturating himself with the splendid ager. With a company of clever lads, radltion of Belgian art. During that including several professional actors, •ime he kept in close touch with bis pte McLaren has staged plays, native land, and frequently showed sketches, skits, and entertaining iis pictures In our exhibitions. In fragments that we would look for In July, 1914, Mr. Graham bad the re- winter garden shows or similar consult of four years of study and hard glomerations of vaudeville. He has work In his studio In Antwerp. Like an orchestra of 22 men, so that there >tber people of peaceful Belgium, be i# plenty of music for his reviews, lid not realize the meaning of the Some of the other painters In Jerman avalanche until it was too khaki are R. S. Hewton of Lacbine, ate to save any of fils pictures. When Que., who has a picture In the Na-'orced to escape with the other men tional Gallery; Sergt Charles Mall who did not want to fall into the | lard, of Montreal, whose paintings, bands of the Teutons, he left many "Poilu" and "Notre Dame de Parts" toe paintings behind him. Mr. Ora- are In the Canadian Royal Academy aam immediately enlisted with the ibis year; Lieut. W. O. Storm, of United Arts Corps and remained with Weston. Ont., who went to the front ;hem until he returned to Canada in the Imperial Army, and who has ast March. Three weeks after land- received the Military Cross; and mg in the Dominion he Joined the Captain Louis Keene of Montreal, Artillery and Is now in England with who has been to the front in France.
wrong
hi? <. •;« !ninent in any other spirit is aiding his country’s foes.
Pte. Woods is a
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has
t < » beipHHHHHV
or I subjectoi an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Ij&nd in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant roust appear in person at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for Dis
ry by proxy dirions. D
A young Canadian artist, less widely known than those already mentioned, who has been doing an
a British subject
of Europe which the modern Hun like his ancient prototype ruthlessly devastated time Mr. Brader a fate has been uncertain, but It Is supposed he Is now a prisoner In a Teuton detention ramp somewhere in Austria or Mun-
it will of interest to poultry keepers throughout Canada to know that there is now an expert who devotes all his time investigating the diseases of ; poultry. Dr. A. B. W kkware, Assistant Patho-:ist to the Health of Animals Branch
igned to that work by Dr. Veterinary Director General. 1 >i. Wickw l-y h" me*®!a n<<v
For several
must lie made on utiee—Six months
trict. Entr
certain
residence upon and cultivation of land each of tb
gary
But Canadian influence in the development of Roumanla'» greatest industry Is not confined to the employment of expert operators. Before the pioneer driller, George Normandy, arrived In Roumanla the Canadian system of drilling had been Introduced from Galicia. The Roumanian wells are, for the most part, comparatively shallow, oil being found at depths varying from 300 feet to 1,200 feet. For such bores poles are found to he more efficacious than cables, the method of American origin) now universally employed where great depths are to be reached. The pole system originated (or at least was more generally employed) in the Canadian fields at Petrolea and Oil Springs, and la known the world over as the "Canadian system." This Canadian method Is still most generally found In the Roumanian fields, but about ten rears ago another system was introduced where. Instead of rock, sand or clay was encountered. This last method la known as the "waterflueh system" and consists In flushing out the bore by hydraulic pressure.
Thirty-eight miles north of Bucharest, at the entrance to the valley >f Prabova, stands the city of Ployestl. The district of Prabova la >oe of the largest oil-producing
Of WatUehl* muA thU
I
en ans
rec years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price *3.00 per acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead |intent and cultivate M) acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead, patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emp tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
in
for
as that
a nee had to be postponed on account
in poultry diseases
under Dr. Higgins, Dominion he has devoted some
»
anly just begun to developc. but in comparison to its size, this fraternity is splendidly represented In the Canadian army.
James L. Graham was one Cana
of his time to the diseases affecting joultry and has given special attention to Black Heed. Realizing the ini portance of investigations in poultry diseases, Mr. J. H. Grisdale, Director of Experimental Farms and Dr. Torrance arranged for Dr. Wick ware to take up this question exclusively. He is therefore now co-operating with the Poultry Division, Central Experimental Farm, where, since last fall, he has been conducting experiments along this much needed and very i ni j* niant line of work.
Continued attention is being given to Black Head in turkeys and many new investigations aie being started. These
well as to general diseases of poultry, including *romîtes of all kinds.
The annual losses that occur from
rmkry d
fiiendou». No per amount is but it is well into the millions of dollar* each Fear. Dr, Wick ware’s work will, no doubt, do something to
but the co-opera-
poultry men who hav<
of three year*, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $800.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment am farm labourer* in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged» receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (but not Hub-Agency). Discharge paper* must be presented to
A#n*
A New Industry,’
It Is stated that a new industry la to he established in the Province of Quebec—the making of Devonshire cream. As the result of Investigations recently carried out In the laboratory of one of the agricultural colleges, a leading authority baa come to the conclusion that the making of clotted cream practically identical with the far-famed product of Devonshire la feasible to Eastern Canada. Many farmers In the country districts own large herds of Jer mey cattle, and are therefore in a very favorable position, for, while It Is
not at all
land breeds shall be used, a rich
milk ti 9t course préféra bl
relate to chick d
l
and parasites are tre-•4011 know* what the

W. W. CORY,
puty Minister of the Interior. N. B.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for.

Ual that Channel It-
eliminate part of tl lion of all

6
###PAGE###5###
S*
THE EQUITY,
Smart
4\ Weekly jewrmml devoted to Leoallqtereete.
Piklliked every Tkindty
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
Subscription, $1 a Year in Advance.
vr All arrears must he paid up before
tny paper le discontinued.
---—o------
ADVERTISING HATES.
I,egil advertising, 10 cent* per line for 1st insertion and 6 cent a per line or each subsequent Insert I on
11 usines* carda not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $5.00per year.
Ltr tl announcement» Inserted at the rat e of 8 cents per line for first Insertion iul 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-lhhed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.

//////Z
/////<y//////// / ////?///////
Z////W/ ///////// Z//////////////////



I
I
Low

g
%
%

%
g
g
I
Shoes
!
,1



•*r '

We are now showing some of the daintiest styles of Low Out Shoes that it has been our good fortune to possess. The new Pumps give the foot that slender petite appearance so necessary with the new spring skirts.
Pumps with and without Tongues and
' Ornaments.
six

a
j

fîîâillMUlIlT 11 l
-

///
Quick Hauling to Market
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
UST tIlink of the time the Ford saves a busy farmer in
hauling milk to the cheese factory—vegetables, butter, eggs and poultry to market—fruit to the railway station. One fruit grower, last season, made four trips a day to the railway station, a total of 144 miles, and carried as high as 72 crates of 11 quarts each on a trip. He couldn’t have made more than one 3tf mile trip a day with a team.
The Ford soon pays for itself in the time it saves the farmer. With help so scarce, every farmer needs to make use of every preci-cious minute of his time. To him the Ford car is a real necessity. Indeed, some farmers tell us that it is doubtful if they could carry their farm work under present labor conditions if it wasn’t for the time the Ford saves them.
No further need to be without a Ford. In fact the average farmer could afford one if it were double the price. It is as easy to drive as a horse, three times as fast, and costs less per mile to run, Why not order one today ?
J
Professional Cards.
White High Shoes
f,
>
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbell* Bat • • Qub.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
(Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
We have a good selection in this line—all and at popular prices. White and
Tan for boys.
new
Underwear
8. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle, — - Que.
Men’s Light Weight Spring and Summer Underwear in separate pieces or Combinations, long or short sleeves. Prices $1.00 and $1.25 per suit,
a. j. McDonald b. g. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
y
G. F. HOGGINS GO.
$780 - 890
Town Car Sedan F. O. B. Ford, Ont.
Runabout - $475 Touring
Coupelet
Over 700 Ford Service Stations in Canada.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
496
695
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, &C
midable voting etrengm contra ro pudlatlon which would be aroused by multitudinous small bondholders.
This consideration doubtless goes far to explain also the prodigious efforts of the British, French, German,
Italian, and Russian Governments to popularize their war-loans. If the bonds, all alike, bearing high interest, were held almost wholly by large capitalists or financial institutions, tions, Just as the European Allies	WO{1\^ not the disposition of the
Have Safeguarded Their Bum I-	masses to repudiation be vastly en-
ne»M IlepuLation»—Some Benefits	hanced ? Mr. Grier of The New
,	.. n zzr- -- - - StEraHs&rS
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. d. TH0MAg white Canada.e ^
ADVOCATE	|	Finance Minister, rejoices	^ay be brought to pass will not Im-
rarRHTER & SOLICITOR	V J publicly over the forty thou-	probably include a general agree-
TTT,	1^^ sand subscriptions for his re-	ment of the participating nations to
CAMPBELLS BAA, QLE.I,1U,
Will be In Fort Coulongc every Wed- .000,000, which was oversubscribed argument would be that the arious	,	,
ne-, l.iv and Shaw ville every Saturday, to the sum of $100,000,000 or there- peoples simply could not pay the pro- A qualified Protestant Teacher for
about Canada's banks, which ten-	mised Interest. Lest Great Britain,	Aldfield tSchool No.	1.	Duties to com-
any of the new bonds. These will be	atUch t0 scrupulous fulfilment of	i*t, 1918, to June	30th.	Salary	stated
placed with the minor subscribers,	war-obligations, these governments	^ application,
smallest preferred. Many of them couid obtain peace only by agreeing	^\M C STFNDER
SM?»s.r	û*«à <*.
loans from banks, when they desire 'of gming a dog than by choking any. Thus such persons as common- him with tenpenny nails, so there are ly use banks only as depositors, so m0re ways to repudiation by govern-obtalning but two or three per cent. ' ments than that of direct, discredit-interest, may get loans at the small able repudiation. Stringent income difference between the bank rate of taxes, confiscatory of all above £
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND	SURVEYOR	| discount, say 6	per	cent.,	and the	mere living revenue, have not been
over 5 per cent,	rate	of interest ae-	foregone by any of the warring gov-
_	, „ ni.i.inn .ml Subdivision of :ruln* ,rom thelr w»r-b°nd*. Th,e ernments. It may be very plausibly
SrfJsE îE'EEBm ZKZü Bû
Executed carefully to the satis ^ war-bonds comes under the head fer on European mankind educa- TENEMENTS have been seized, and
tlon ot parties.	political considerations. The great- tlonal and moral benefits vastly more will be sold at the respective time and
1(5*2 WsriLlNOTON ST.	•	*	Hull,	sr the numbers of electors	holding	iban compensatory for the war. By place mentioned below.
PKnnMi Ou«*nEI0	such b0048» lhe	lesa	wil1	,lhe	consequence, even the reformation
ybon	-	temptation of a certain sort of agita- 0f lbe imitative squanderoue in Am-
tors (after the war, when the Do- erlca might be effected, minion comes to pay interest on the	¦
price of Its “dead horse"), to stand for repudiation of war borrowings.
EFFECTS OF WAR LOAN
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
ggr Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
SHAWVILLE MOTOR COMPANY Registered.
DEE REASON FOR SECURING MANY SMALL SUBSCRIBERS.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Canada Wants to Guard Against Any
Agitation to Repudiate Obliga-
, AC
Advocate, B
196 Main St. - Hull.
I
Teachers Wanted.
Five qualified Teachers quired by the Clarendon School Board. Applications for the vacant positions will lie received by the undersigned up to Saturday, June 16th.
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec.-Treas,
Low Prices . .
arc still re-
Are the ruling features of our store, wljile the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring- Trade.

Teachers Wanted
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, E«.
HULL
Will attend Court, and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
191 MAIN ST.,
1
For Service
GEORGE E. MORENCY
A registered Durham Bull. Service
Apply»aooMi
Maryland, Bristol,
When you require Printing
call at
É

ALL KINDS OF
THE EQUITY OFFICE
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
FIERI FACIAS DE BONIS ET DE
TERRIS.
I
As to their like in Canada, there's no telling whether the costs of the
Embalmer and Fnn.ral Director	E£ SSSTStHE
constitutional practice required sub- prlg|ng ipirit enhanced, seemingly, BOCHE, defendant, mission of the war-policy of tin- Gov- by lbe wsr itself. More discovered A certain lot situated in the village I	« « «	ern osent to the electors immediately nickel, and all of It to be refined in of Fort Cou longe, in the county of Pon......	Bm# m#:
antastlc this contention may look wildernesses a few years ago! More	count) of I «mttac , and bounded in
now. Its ispect Is not unlikely to ap- and more gupplantlng of Imported front by the Grand Mam* road, in roar pear quite sane to many electors In and other coal by electricity cheaply and on the east side by ths remainder the hard times which pessimists al- obtained from our innumerable of said lot number one, and on the u<*»t lege wlU surely come upon Canada water powers, now utilised Increas- side by the property of Harmidas La I L	Remember the repu |ng|y every day In cooking, driving bine—with all the buildings and apper
liation agitation in th. United States farer Implements, etc., as well ss In teanneos thereunto belonging
, wmim. mæ Doors
* ' situated la the Big Duct Lake Oeli .lw WWW» ]
, north of 8c brie her Station (C.
¦	*	,	_	^ A I. R. ), Ont. Theee claims sre very | sheriffs office,
probability of sack agitation artalag • r|cbf where not of enormous estent, n Canada, because political agita- iànd ot enormous extent where they ton will Ions be aware of the for- ^	,
GEORGE HYNES
In the Superior Court.
CHARLES LA-
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
vs. IUNAS LA
Main Street,Shawville.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
part or
angi- A,
UNDERTAKING
»»d EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
(opposite J. H. Shaw a.
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
after the war.
Sash. Dressed Lumber, etc.
9

I manifested In widely popularising his i A war-bonds, tends powerfully against
Thomas
Sir
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
¦¦¦Bh
i
i
Amk for our INVEN-
TS all rountrt TOR'S ADVISER.which will be sent frea.
MARION 6 MARION.
SS4 University it- Meetf+si.
Custom Sawing1.
###PAGE###6###
V
'
I
tain turned, unheeding, groped his way r- 1	¦¦ 1	¦ 1 '	i! P A M A A yC Cil A DC	haTe been raised on the farm, who
to an old stone bench,	sat	down,	and	I	4	Great Remedy	I LANA VA J uiiAKl	know what farm work is, are volun
lit his pipe.	I	1)	&	HENDERSON'S Herb Treat*	I	teering all over the country to leave
“(îoshî It’s a girl's photo! And I rheumlJliwm" constipation. WiosimJ I	IN FiiPffcPFX 11/AD , their calling or their business for a
some corker, too? He doesn't know he's I ftoroaoh trouble, kidney and liver I	111 LiUllVl Id V fl /Ml stated period this summer and go back
dropped it!”	___ to the farm, there to work to Increase
In the Vpfleld Home for Blinded Jerry whistled	softly	to	himself	as	I	po»tpaid Henderson Herb Oo . m	I	our food supplies for the coming year.
Officers, the position of Boy-Scout he picked up the khaki-covered case. L-— n*	WE HAVE LESS THAN 8,000,000 .	Canada's flunks
_ ™-L____________________________ÊmWÊ
aver, with an air of self-righteousness signed herself? Daisy. 1 es, she s a dear friend of mine, and he must have 000 More, Employed 300,000 for the sale of llouor have* etorë/°“'vh jriten.pTha ‘'T’pau* “<ih’ CouML-thl. be the	had new* of* him'for'month*'	Munition*. Enllaled <00.000	.J^ellTlthinTe mark'when^'». j
%rhrLwr^.'t:nt,; ,tw.nÆ%,r^c,
please him! Haven’t 1 helped him with For I can’t afford a carriage-»	! ahead, the lady following.	|	on of a untied Can^d. when it the front- end 1 know it i. their pride to 0,6 p,eee
his basket-work till I fair hates the	| j From the depths of the shrubbery (i(M‘].U0,i that , ar H |a was In this and their »lory that they stood in the
sight of wood and string? Haven't I The captain sprang from the seat, there emerged a wide and pleasant	^ t<) (hv ,imlt of hpr abiHty for *ap at St Julien* in the second battle,
steered his fingers	back to port on,His voice	was	trembling as he	spoke,	meadow. How green the world was,	th nreservation f	democracv * and	and harred the	way	of Germany's	have been transferred into a hospital,
the keys of his click-machine, when | “Cut it	out,	you little idiot!"	were	am| how beautiful! A lark, rising	h * ljb t which	we believed were	marcb to the sea	and	saved the day,	Part of the other	buildings have been
they kept skidding off into the tea- the unflattering words he used.	I from a clump of bog-myrtle, soarsed , . i-ooardv bv the action of Ger- aa the British Commander-in-chief given up to training buildings for the
things? Haven't I lent him my best | But they were music in the ears of into the blue heavens, carolling her p J V *	, said. It is their glory that they fought army. Terms begin and end unbeed-
whittling-knife, and let him break the the artful Jerry.	| very heart out In ecstasy.	Thp iUr<<i thpn i|rvl,,vi, u n we that battle; It is their glory that they ed. The only students left are stu-
blade? Haven’t I—lor’—I’ve treated For this was proof—proof positive! And Just then the sun lit on an old v_vp niir_ll|1(1 wlthout fMit(1rimr and held an (mpormnt sector of the salient dents of war; the only arts cultivated that chap like a brother!"	i This was the cause of all the stone bench where a man was sitting. without regret The German atro- ia tbelr K^ry to have taken part in are those of destruction.
His observations	were brought th trouble!	This	the solution of unhappy	He turned at the sound of approach-	cjtje8 of the la#t two	and a half vearF	the great battle of the	Somme, and it
an untimely end by	the appearance of days!	ing footsteps, rose, and faced the new-	fiome Qf tbe service	and suffering of	is now tbe,r *lory	tbat	they are given	thor and master	of Cambridge, dis-
the said captain around the corner of This was the woman—Cherchez la comers.	‘ our mpn at the front and the more Da. I the privilege of being engaged in that cussing recently the gradual trans-
the house.	femme!—this the Daisy!	j jt was then that the heart of Mr. tj t and morp heroic 8Uffering 0f ilong l)attle and defense upon the Ger- formation at the English seats of
Captain Charles Travers, D.S.O.,	Late on that selfsame afternoon the	Jerry Jones could contain itself no	(hp famtlies of our gallant men ^ho	man defenae at Vlmy Ridge.	learning, said: “It was a question of
singularly good-looking, tall and	officious Jerry might have been seen	longer. Gone was his dignity, gone	rained at home have only strength- 0ur men at the front ™ed no	sym-	instinct and feeling from the start,
well-built, with clean-cut features and deep in converse w ith the matron of his inimitable sang-froid.	I ened our resolution that to the meas- pathy’ They aak for none—all they The high-spirited and adventurous
—even in his convalescence—a com-	the convalescent home—she who must	“Here	she	is,	captain!" he shouted	urp of our ttbilitv Canada is in	the	ask is tbia»	that whcn ln fighting they	went first, then the sedater sort;	then
manding air.	he obeyed—she whose task it was to	eagerly.	“Here	she is! I’ve brought	8tr le untll flnal victory is achiev-	fa,! there	sha11 he other hands to	the men of an altogether quieter type,
“Is that you, Jerry, old chap?" he read aloud to their blinded recipients her to you I"	; .	grasp the flag that falls from their and then those who were naturally
called out, feeling his way along the the various letters of condolence and Then, with a twist and a turn, the	,	hands, and carry it on to victory, so ; averse to the fighting life."
gravelled path by means of a stick, j °f cheer which a sympathetic world messenger of Cupid dived into the un-	Canada’s Contribution.	that the cause of liberty and humanity	Manufacture Weapons
“Right-ho, governor! Go easy now! supplied.	| dergrowth.	We arc a email people, les* than fln*"y triumph.	All the natural population of the
Mind the step!”	, And Jerry* objevt-presumptuoua..................................eight millions, inhabiting a territory The gallant men, the best yeung universities and college* ha* gone.
As he drew near, one could see that	and apparently impertinent—was to	Just what happened in the interven-	80mewhat larger than your great	n?en of Canada, the young men	from	what staffs are left are turning out
the captain’s fine dark eye* gazed	ascertain whether or no any epistle*	t„g half hour no one ever knew—ex-	country. At the outbreak of the war	«iffhteen to forty, have gone to the	death-dealing weapon*. The staff* at
straight ahead in the unseeing way of of what he termed a alushy-mushy rept the two most intimately concern- we were busily engrossed in problem* front thousands. They have laid nearly all the various departments at the totally blind. And though	he	hind had been penned to a Captain	ed.	0f development of settlement, of	ex-	down their	lives; the young men of	Leeds University are now doing	war
smiled, it was a sad smile, and	a	Travers by any lady of the name of	But certain	it is that when Mr. Jerry	pansi0n—I trust not neglecting	the	France and	Britain. Belgium and Italy	work „f a most specialized kind	The
shadow lay across his face.	.	Jones, crawling through the bushes In higher moral and spiritual ideals that h*v? <l,one the 8ame- They have made coa]> gas and fuel industries depart-
“Wonderful spring morning, isn’t it. Upon my word, young Jerry the snake-like fashion known only to have so much to do with a nation’s » glorious sacrifice.-----ment Is testing high explosives proJerry ? Oh, for a spin on my old mo- Jones, declared the matron, eyeing Boy Scouts, returned to the scene of j ljfe, loving peace and hating war. And	----?------- duced in Yorkshire and analyzing coal
motor-bitor	• .«SKa; "''i»,».-.(H'i...ZHZA- Ab”“-‘ Nrr Thi
crazy over them. Just as you are. W ell,. even if I knew Take it from me, with that peculiar note of softness in than 300,000 have left the shores of	Siamese 1 enlmmla.	munition workers. The textile in<iu«-
one fine day he was spinnin* along the	you scouts beat everything	for impu-	it which Mr. Jerry Jones described as Canada for service in Flanders and in	To the Siamese, fish-fighting is	tries department, the color chemistry
country roads, happy as a lark, when	dence.	“mushy." “Charles, as if your being France.	what cock-fighting is to the Filipino	department, the agricultural depart-
he run over his old Aunt Emma, and } How it happened cannot be explain- blind could possibly make any differ- Up to this time Canada has expend- -# national sport.	ment are engaged by the Government
got six months gaol for doin’ the	old	ed, yet true it is that, fifteen minutes	ence."	ed in the actual work of the war and	The fighting fish of Siam is a tiny	to deal with army	cloths, with	dyes
*ir1 in!"	later—by some strange methods of “That’s why I didn’t	write,	dear,"	for actual war purposes more than	creature—eo small that it is often	and with foodstuffs
No answer from the captain.	information-extracting known only to	came the muffled tones	of Charles.	“I	$600,000,000, and our war expenditure	kept in a tumbler of water, being fed	Outlining before	Parliament	the
“If you're hankerin’ for a motor run, r„the scouts—young Jerry Jones had	thought you’d have no	farther	use	for	to-day is more than $1,000,000 per day.	on mosquito wrigglers. For centuries,	other day the work	now being done at
sir." said Jerry, “there's a nasty-look- ,t‘nrnt the capta,n waa an or* ft Poor crock like me."	But in addition we have assisted the in that country, it has been bred for the universities, Herbert A. L. Fisher,
in' red-haired female that runs a big	phan» tbat he received few	letters of,	^ ou silly boy!" went on the girl’s mother country by loans to the ex-	purposes of combat.	head of the educational department oi
Rolls-Royce as wants to take you out.	an>’ sort- aoae of a “mus|iy	kmd» and	voice quietly. “But everything's all tent of $200,000,000 to assist her in	It is a beautiful fish, with tail and	the country, said: “The professor and
I seen her bangin’ about the place no”*at 8 fro»n women.	j right now. We can be married at purchasing munitions produced in fins relatively huge in size, and bril- ! lecturer, the research assistant and
often. She ain’t no good-looker, and lhat s.eî!,, thlngs- s®»d Jerry to^ once!”	! Canada, and our Government has ar- liantly colored The males are the the research student have suddenly be-
she ain't no good driver; but she told himself. I get busy on the job un-. “Gee whiz!" murmured the voice of ranged with the banks for advances to fighters. They will “tackle" one an- come powerful assets to the nation
me as how she loves to--"	mediately.	Jerry from the bushes. “Some mushy the Imperial Munitions Board of other any time at sight, always ready Whatever university you may choose
And, under cover of darkness, with pair! It only needed Jerry on the job $100,000,000 more.	I for a duel- -their efforts being direct- to visit Vou will find it to be the scene
sa Am.	Iswr* ,h”d”r“ry by imtrs
munitions for the Imperial Govern-	^ hen a fight is organized two of	plosive, there in a stronger army
ment, and in these plants about 300,-	the fishes are placed in a glass bowl (	boot, or, again, in some improvement
000 are employed.	j together. The duel promptly .starts, to the fast advancing technique of
and bets are made, as on a cdck-ftght. aerial navigation."
A Siamese “sport" will wager his wife We have already shipped from Can- or his child on such a combat, if his ada munitions of a value between money resources are exhausted.
$400,000,000 and $500,000,000. That Fish-fighting in Siam is a Govern-whole industry has been developed ment monopoly, Such contests are ,	•	• If L< \e 4 deaf, why Is It that he he&m | since the war broke out and st the required to pay a tax to the Govern-
j A couple of days later, readers of a gweet harmonies unheard of other i very time that we were withdrawing ment—ordinarily a percentage of the| A novel heating system called on,loi Jerry was big-hearted, and could certain well-known London paper ears,	thousands of men from our industrial reciepts. But this regulation is has been devised by the Japanese liv-
forgive a snub.	, might have seen the picture of a The BOfteflt whisper, and the faintest ranks to fill our forces for oversea ser-1 quite commonly evaded.	ing in Korea so that they may with-
¦“Idon’t feel like talking this morn- .f!111. y pretty damsel set forth breath,	vice.	. —— +----------- stand the rigorous winter climate of
wjthin its pages, headed by the all-	And aye the	lightest word a lover We have, in addition to this, recog-	Blessing	in Disguise	that peninsula. In this arrangement
too-fam.har inscription: “Found on the 8aith ?	nized the great need for food produc-	*	*	the whole floor serves as a stove The
Battlefield.	I	tion. We realize that under ' condi- If the law impels us to cut down our floor is first made with a layer of mud
Bui this particular portrait differed jf Love Is dull, why is it that he knows tions existing to-day the world faces food allowances on account of war which is intersected by three or four from the others in that below it ran pjje tender secrets of the bird and the possibility of a food famine, and conditions it will t.«- more of a bless- flues which radiate from the fire-place the magic words:	| rose;	we are putting forth every effort with- 4g to humanity than a deprivation, and converge into the chimney on the
Fra id not, old man! It’s just the 'Will the owner of the above please The word that shall awake a sleeping 4 our power to increase the agricul- Too much meat is consumed for the other side of the room. Large slabs fortunes of war!"	communicate with Mr. Jerry Jones of heart.	tural production this year. But the t°°d of the Canadian people, especial- 0f stone are laid over the mud floor,
They walked ahead in silence, Jerry 1 p^c*d House, W instown ?	The honeyed poison needful for each enlistment of our men, the employ- J *y hy those who take no violent exer- the joints being made air-tight with
with a small hand beneath the cap- *	•	•	•	.•	dart ?	ment in our munition industries and c*8a- I* generally supposed that clay, ~ A layer of clay is then added
tain’s elbow, guiding him impercept- <)n H	wonderful	spring morning,	the demands	of agriculture have made	strength-giving food for men must	on top of the stone, and finally the
iblv.	w hen the dew was still on the grass, a if i^ve can neither see nor hear, nor serious drafts on oXir available man- consist of potatoes, bread and animal | whole is covered with thick oiled
Beneath that frowsy head of his, the s^'m	was Been hurrying up know	power, and I want to say to the credit m*st. ^ et in India, where the men paper,
little Boy Scout’s mind was working pathway which led to l pfield The distant paths down which his sub of the women of Canada that they are strong—if not stronger than the | The fireplace is outside of the wall rapidly. What was the reason of the j “OU8e- 1 sun glinted through the Jects go.	have come forward voluntarily and English, Scotch or American—they and the smoke and heat pass through
captain’s perpetual sadness? When tre®8 on	be*"	pretty	hair and, shining	if	none	may	understand	his	mastery—	cheerfully and have replaced the men	bve on vegetables alone. The Hindus	the flues in the floor to the	opposite
the other blinded officers—young and i on acr *maV	^ace» onLv showed up the	How is	it	that	he	holds	the	world	In	4 order that	they may be released for	ar* a8 fi^® 8 regiment of soldiers as	side of the house. In this	way the
strong as he was—could be gay and sa<lness	fee	?	service.	any fighting with the allies in Europe	whole room is effectively	warned,
reconciled to circumstances, why was " :v’ 1 M' f f" 11 1 a folded news-	—People's Home Journal. To increase the agricultural produc- j They are very big men, strong and It is said that no stove is needed in
this man so moody and so quiet? | Pa.?er' **er h^rt was beating pain-	-------A----—	tion this year we are now, in my pro- long-lived. They are a living example such a room even on exceedingly cold
A sudden sound drew Jerry's at- ,,	I A satisfactory substitute for pota- vince, releasing all our high school,0^ *trength without meat.	days.
Mention. Something had slipped from ( an I—<‘an \	* Mr* Jerry toei hms been found in green bananas, boys, so that they may go upon the
•ENGLISH COLLEGES
DRAINED BY WAR
Jerry on the Job
ONLY ARTS NOW STUDIED ARB
Those of destruction.
Desolating Loneliness Characterize* Universities at Oxford and Cambridge.
I
)
Hospital and Cadet School.
The examination schools at Oxford
A. C. Benson, the widely known au-
was
cômforter
“That will do, Jerry, thanks. It's bad form to discuss a lady."
There was an aggrieved silence.	,	,,	,
From the branches of neighboring ^alLv aiong the muddy roads on an trees the birds were twittering, and tden* bone-shaker, and only paused sounds and scents filled the wken he reached the local post-office
and deposited in the London mail-box
an
IF LOVE IS BLIND
spring
.	.	...	.	..	If Lor# Is blind, why la It that he spies
1 Slowly the captain and hfs little tht‘ said packet with its straggling in- So mauy wonders hid from other eyes.
friend sauntered through the lanes, script ion.	Strange uew delights in earth and sky
How sweet the lilacs smelt this morn- If that doesn t set things humming,j *nd sea
then mv name isn t Jerr> Jones! he Tliat lend the darkest day Ills sorcery? remarked aloud, with a contented sigh.
ajr
Canada's Problem
A NOVEL SYSTEM
ing:	How sweet the world could be—
and yet how sad!
“Tell me about the fight at Loos sir! '

Method of Heating Houses in Severe
Climate of Horen.	\
ing. old chap!" was the answer. Silence again.
Then In a pleading voice:
“Isn't there any old thing I could do—to straighten things Jerry.
•>*»
said
44 t
‘


you:
I WISH VôU W0UL& do OVltt.
To MRS. 9lAKBr3 ANO
4 mooM yC
fcT fï
mV uiNcWBdN
>, T6 dai , i eto<g
J to He» Mkxn -,
'—i	r*
[5n TOM, I wantI ¦ Ito are Vou A
M/HUTE PEFOUE V S lou CO (
whN Vov aie we , Just k>wk>wed
THEM FOR THR
L BAS- AHP-A»4P-
WMAT> THE
MATTER,
MISTER f r~i
HOLD ON THERE,- WHPRE Vvh "g.' SOIN* WITH THAT FURNI Tu**T YÛ DOES THEM 00063 BCUOHO TO TOO T______WHAT'3 THE I6e*f
13
SIX
MONTHS
CM
oftVorJMd
CHAiM ,
<




<
j
3ËE

V
m,
¦i
)
Hd
*
7
j
n
?
I

4

? < *




.



-id
w
>
r
i
m
MIV
X


###PAGE###7###
c
after the beans are up, and can be seen Î in the row, the single and two-row cultivators should be used. It should be the aim of every grower to keep the •oil stirred on the surface. * Thus as promptly as practicable after each rain and in time to prevent the forming of a cruet the soil should be stirred by means of the cultivator. The work of cultivation also should be kept well in hand early in the season so that little cultivation need be given after the blossoming stage of growth has been reached.
<
arm (rop Queries

Your
vn/em
M
{
t
5f
Market In June.
All roosters, old hens, early broilers, green ducks.
During the first week in June, kill off, dispose of or remove from the flock, the male birds after the breeding season. Their presence in the flock after this date causes a loss of a million dollars a year to Canadian farmers through the sale of partially Incubated and bad eggs in the produce which la marketed. All old hens
should also be marketed at this date. Tomato seed sown in boxes in the. up
-----	house in March will produce plants carter :—1. Eggs should be pre- water and a good soap. Dry skin care-
The proper way to carry a fowl Is	that will fruit the same season. Plants	*< r v','	*n water glass during March,	fully, apply to the spots an ointment
to place it under the arm, the head	ready to be set out can be purchased	J>ri ’	and June, when they are	made of 1 ounce soap liniment and 1
pointing to the rear, and the feet held	from seedsmen. In buying plants	f fa pest. 2. Protect the young	ounce ether well mixed, and allow it to
, firmly by the hand. In this way the select strong, sturdy plants, avoiding LUC|Yn?'er	from the striped remain on during the night. Wash
Question—M.	A.	C.:—My	seeding	taken	to	see	that	the	fertilizer	does	bird can be carried for miles without	the tall drawn specimens that are fre-,	beetIe	covering them with wire net-	off in the morning with warm water
with grain last year	was a	failure.	It	not	cjme	in close	contact	with	the	the least discomfort to it or the per-	quently offered. Where tall, spindly	1 ng*	hPr»y with Bordeaux-arsenate	and rinse with cold. Continue this
did not catch. Would you recommend beans In the soil.	son carrying it.	plants of tomatoes must be used pinch ° k‘ad aH a°on as the plant* appear; treatment until the blackheads have
manuring and plowing the stubble for o,.t> M .	¦ knir.	In former years, the common prac- off the top. This will check the up- ?gam a( appearance of the third disappeared. To contract the pores
potatoes this year? Would it do for acr ^f	L ha llv kill- tiae was to carry poultry by the legs,___________eaf » third time before the plants wipe the face with a little alcohol or
beans where potatoea grew last year? d , th .	,	, I Ann't wUh head hanging downward. This was a	_	t> form runners. See that the eau de cologne. Frequently pimples
It was a big growth of clover, also .	,	,	1	'	#rrmmt bad mode and one that never was used RgSLR	K ,«pray strikes under the leaves as well appear with the blackheads, and when
manured, plowed under and potatoea f #i ,	,P .	. next I hy regular poultrymen. When the	If	j	aH "n toP* *or the cabbage worm, this is the case make an ointment of
planted. I want to reserve an old	n ° .	. g p ,, .	.d head is hanging downward there is no- Yj&KfcSiSff 4	* lJ8t WI*b tobacco dust, pyrethrum, the following ingredients, 2 grama
meadow to plow under for corn this	you	1 .	.-J! thing to prevent n rush of blood to it, "	È it nHSD**	hellebore or spray with arsenate of beta napthol, 20 grama sulphur preyear and will also have to plow last	N ,ng up.	CnulA it all and it is the belief that many cases of \ flTl / R I TT 11	,ead °r Powder with dry arsenate. cipitate, 20 grams potash soap
year's potato and corn ground for oats . .	' p ng * Ta .	,, e#> ni„na. vertigo can be traced to such acts of y	“Enquirer'’:—Balfour is pronounced thoroughly and apply to the pimples
thl. year?	Ull m7 »h,r. ^l ^Lw ü %IÛrId	^ Bal-a, in bal.nce-foor. It I. very at night. This preparation may be
vise in addition to the manure about , Answer:—If it is not already too the wings and thus permanently in-	written Joff, with the ffs a mere It sometimes requires months to get
K —!TTATlZLT. £«.¦"«,C,3	«.h.vw"1 “ —	..
=:¦ ™ raws sSSSk warns SSV5C: rrSSS
p - . ih » niPCF of1 ground and drill in the wheat. Per- most available.	/	row strips of wood along stakes about Rumani. ‘	' g ’ ugust reading and from all kinds of fini
i	«Î7*	mAh baps you will be able to secure spring Pullets that are stunted by poor two and a half feet above the surface 1017 Ânril A ïTnit„,i	, work. Out-of-door recreation, such ai
land that has >een run for ye	r	h-	wheat seed in your community or from	feeding during the first few weeks of	of the ground. Two strips are run	Am ri’ f -, 7’ r , l< ‘ tes of	gardening and almost any form of out-
out clover or manure This	land	la	some of the elevator men. Unless	their lives will prove a decided dis-	about two feet apart, braced with	‘ca;Apr 1 V Ï	door employment will be found bene-
quite sandy and contains p	y	you are able to get it close at hand it	appointment from the standpoint of	cross sections very two feet to firm	A;.J• L,: le ïn th® partly shaded
no humus. Now, If 1 aPP'? l* K	will be too late to sew it. In such	their egg production.	a rigid frame or trellis. The tomato	I(?catlon y°u describe, you should be	“Housewife":—Onions and water
loads of manure to the *CTt,v/	ic	cag6f either buckwheat or beans will	The most effective method for body	plants are set cut under the middle	!! ’ e to gr1<?^ lettuce, early or late cab-	wjj] remove the smell of paint from a
would be the most profita le cr p	make a splendid crop. In fact, I	lice on hens is the application of a	of this framework and trained up	,age' cauliflower, or spinach. Do not	room. Slice several onions, put
me to «aise, corn or potatoes? ra	j	would prefer the planting of beans as	dilution of either mercurial ointment	through the centre, the frame support-	;ry bea"B’ eggplants, corn, tomatoes.	them \n a pail 0f water and stand the
corn on Himilar land last year t	they can be put in any time up to the	0r blue ointment. Mercurial ointment	*nK the plants when they are laden	Z' Dahlia roots need warm soil and	pa|] jn the closed r.om over night,
went 60 era ten to-the sere,	n	last	of	June, just so they	have time	contains fifty per cent, of metallic	with fruit.	war™ weather, so it is not safe to	\y. A.;—Probably	the reason baby
manure. Would this ground	oa	enough	to ripen off before	frost. In	mercury. Blue ointment is a mix-	Another method	is	to make a trellis	p,ant them at lime-	cries when you lift	him is that you
moisture sufficient to grow	a	g	this case the ground should be thor-1	ture consisting of sixty-seven per cent,	the shape of a funnel, setting this over	“School Girl”:—The cause of the so-	hurt him by not lifting him properly,
crop of potatoes.	oughly disked or harrowed up and	0f mercurial ointment and of thirty-	each plant. A barrel hoop on supports	called “blackheads” is the clogging of	In lifting a baby, grasp the clothing
Answen-ylf you have potato see ,	down, after which	the beans	three per cent, of vaseline and, there-	»•*	another form	of	the same plan.	the pores with dust and grer.se, which	just below the feet	with your right
by all means potatoes would e	® !	may	be	planted in rews 21 or 28 inches	fore, contains thirty-three and one-	When groevn	on	a	large scale	field	hardens and pits the face with tiny	hand, slip the left hand under the baby
most profitable crop tor you 0 ffro ,apa;t. A grain dri.. with part of the third per cent, of mercury.	culture is the system practised. TheJ black specks. The first step is to from below upward until the head is
the land in question. 1 would re- grajn tubes stopped up offers the best	.	*_ plants are set out in long, straight thoroughly cleanse the skin. Every 1 reached, supporting with the hand
comprend adding fertilizer to the man- means of planting the beans. When	rows, cultivated by horse, and the night wash thoroughly w th warm and lifting the child on the left arm*
as per	to M. A. C. pIanted thia wuy 80lne fertilizer can	Beans a Va,uabIe Crop‘	are given no support. This ^
####	ÉÊÊÊÊ	Teaching Obedience | #####
,r grew bee,» la.t year, soil about the food for future crops.	provide summer outings for 11,000 ,the chi,d wa„ not taught to obey ear-	service
£	% tarasa s=« p ;ar »=S5E:ris:s r. rr, zsn
SSSrsi ESaSYS
fertilizer may be put on broadcast and high in phosphoric acid are uséd on the tbc plants. As soon as possible , th	surely becomes incapable of any ef-j others.
worked into the ground » before the corn land and probably 200 to 260 on «___i. .	__ ¦ —------------ --J f active action except when under the
beans are planted, or it mav be put the bean field, good crops should be	ri/XAIX OVVAnTinP	direction and guidance of another
on as the beam are planted 3 care is secured this year.	FOOD SHORTAGE üUuuEüI I0No

El

Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell
The object of thle department le te place et the . eervlce of our farm readers the advice of an acknowt v \ •dged authority on all eubjecta pertaining to eolle am#
% | «rope.
Address all questions to Professor Henry 0. Belli I* cere of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In thle column In th* order In which they ere received. As space le limit*# H le advisable where Immediate reply la neceasary that • stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when the answer will be mailed direct
Conducted Ay Mnà Ke(&n dour „
Mothers and daughters of all age# ere eoidlelly Invited to write to < department Initials only will be published with each question end answer as a means of identification, but full name and address must o fi ven In each letter. Write on one aide of paper only. Answers will ** mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed.
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law, 235 woodbine Avt, Toronto.
\
*

<1
%
Tomato Culture

Henry G. Bell
Mix

f
3
also

on
Given
corn
ammonia and 8 to 10% phosphoric acid.
This early lesson will
Keep in mind that the successful parent not only requests or commands nice prospect for the days when he biit follows the order issued, and see* must shift for himself and perhaps for that they are obeyed. Better give a
youngster no orders than to allow Th trefore, one must constantly hear them to be disregarded.
Be sure to obtain the child’s full at-

a family
should be fed. As a result, the calves are often overfed.
$3$!Pôiïr&
The Food Value of Buckwheat is High, As It Is Both a Flesh Producer and a Heat and Energy Producer.
I in mind the physical, mental and spin tual helplessness of children, and for tention before giving him instructions; that reason if for no other refrain he cannot then offer the excuse that he from taking advantage of them. An has not heard or did not understand, unbelievable number of parents are When it is practicable let the child
CONCRETE ON THE FARM
Give each calf a chance to drink water at least twice each day. •
What the cream separator has done for farmers in the way of improved antflabor saving methods of creaming milk, the milk machine will do in milk- cretc Ing cows, which le one of the most farm as elsewhere troublesome jobs on a dairy farm. and walla in a granary will keep out W. H Johnstone of Moose Jew. r.U. Concrete floor, in Uie .table, Seek , who usee S three-unlt milking prevent the loe. of the Iquto men-machine, say. that two men can rtn | »re and a.e., the farmer In the con-
machine, weigh milk and atrip twenty	of “»,ertiU** ^oncrete ta
cows per hour. He uaed the machine uaeful to curb.ng and covering the on thirty cow a the first morning.	W#H to k*«P dirt and disease. It
r isu-stisrs
matter of cow-testing Is a strict que#- reree-don of individual capacity.
^WÊWj|H|
prince
bounds of fat years of cow-test ins kreraged #65 pound#
By Henry G. Bell, Agronomist.
Buckwheat pancakes may form a welcome substitute for breakfast wheat i
il and bread toast, while wheat ranges around the $2.60 a bushel mark	.......
Buckwheat characteristics strongly recommend this crop for cereal pro- bullies of the most objectionable type, have an explanation of why he must
There should be a sufficient amount of	do thus and so, but also teach him that
Buckwheat is	a dry	grain which	can be stored.	After	wheat, com	and	obedience with a requisite amount of	like a soldier, he must learn to obey
rye, buckwheat contain»	a maximum	of food in	a minimum	of volume.	liberty and freedom, so that there may	without being given the reason, know
Buckwheat is	strong	in both flesh producer	and	in energy and heat	pro-	he ample opportunity for the children	,ng that it must be good as coming
" It compares with wheat as follows:	1 to develop whatever natural initiative from him parent».
and independence they may have. To
The Laying of Walks A round Farm Building* a Convenience.
This has been called the age of con-This statement applies to the
Concrete floors
duction
durer
And do let your “yes" be “yes" and deliberately “break" a child’s will is your "no" be “no," never changing it nothing short of crime; to prudently unless Justice and circumstances guide that will ia the only wise course, rent such a change It is no4 natural for a thild to want have peace in your household.
1.7 'to obey, Many of our greatest men were anything but “good" boys; their ! surplus energy and creative power
spilled oser into naughtiness, some- The following ancedote is carefully times ev3n waywardness, because preserved by a family whose Scotch more legitimate outlets were not sug-! ancestors took jpsted or offered them; and just here icxicograph M where the guiding spirit of a wise Hostess-end sympathetic adult is invaluable.
Have you not heard the mother who Issues a seemingly inexhaustible stream of commands to her unfortun
Percent.
(Heat and
Energy Pro
ÎUCS,.7
Percent. Percent	Protein
( Flesh Pro Water	duver).
I
Ash
Fats
Crop
rat
war-
Thus will you
1.8
16.0
1.6
Buckwheat
Wheat
9.0
14


66.4	'	1.5
8.0
18.0
14.4
The Retort Courteous
Buckwheat yields from 10 to 40 bushels per acre.
the barn to the house the farmer	casted and worked into the	seedbed by disking and harrowing.	^ ou can in-
could ?ome to the house without get-	crease the effectiveness of	high-priced farm tabor by fertilising th**	buck-
g his feet muddy, which would be	wheat. A yield of 20 to	SO bushels per sere uses the labor	much	m«
highly appreciated by the housewife,	profitably than t» yield of 10 bushels per acre
Finally, buckwheat should be sown lab r than corn and th** sms grm ns. It is therefore an excellent crop for “filling in” where other crops fell
F Buckwheat ia quoted in Chicago at $8.20 per bushel.
El
Strong food ia compact volume ible valuable for export. Thrives on comparative y pool an astonishing ‘and reasonably large returns May be planted At< quantity may be had in two or three hence can be used to fill ia “where other crop# fail."
Other uses for concrete are
patrons of two creameries In Edward
f the great
a rise
Island averaged
herd, after two thee# slaty herds of fat; this
-“Dr. Johnson, what do you r Scotch broth ? "
think of
Dr. Johnson—"Madam. in my ion it’s only fit for pigs."
Is a
pm
pair.
herd.
or eight per cent.
When we consider that a five-dollar self may grow into • hundred-dollar
Then have some n
ate offspring? Having heard, do you wonder that her young folk are lacking in respectful attention or are re-; ftf-ntful, even rebellious? True, it is a w cob»tant tunptatfon for the average h , parent to “donV* and "do ptmr little i tl
Farm.
Why shouldn't a farmer raise fish
That Feminine Intuition.
well aa chickens?
Food suited to storage, therefore
¦
should tell her
Jihnnies and Marys, but it is a temp ! it before he did.
man ia in lo
4% s n
with a girl ter of form, are that she knew
fresh water supply
and
H^HHplakes •
er than other crops; Buckwheat mstur
a. tk
Too many fa
for a
think that because the fat has been re ¦hi a much JafflHIBHBflHI

###PAGE###8###
Brides will like Our Jewelery.
e
#
EAM ?
Tie Mile Boot and Sloe Store
»>
ri
\
#r
i« and rmsej/çur cajves i,à> 1 upon the skim milk.

Jewelery is the thing to give for a Wedding Present because it expresses the sentiment of the giver.
.«•fix
price paid
J393Somerset 5t
uyr Ottawa .
s
\
4
is
Tennis Goods
The time has come to wear Canvas Goods. We have a large assortment at popular prices.
i
8>
AM
Who does not treasure a King, a Pin, a Brooch, a Necklace, a Watch or Silverware, which was received as a gift at a certain time, especially if it bo Wedding Time Î
Therefore the Jewelery you give the bride or to a friend should have the “ quality there.” We sell Quality Jewelery, modern in style, reasonable in price.
Renfrew voted $2,000 from it* general patriotic fund for the Y. M. C. A. work at the front.
THE MARKETS
SHAWVIILE
Official announcement is made that a contract has been granted for $5,200,000 to the estate of James Davidson, Ottawa, for the supply Wheat, pci bushel, 12.00 to 2 23
of spruce plank to be used in the Oats, per bushel, 70c. reconstruction of the new )>arlia* Beans per bushel, |6.00. ment buildings.	| Better tubs, pr in tsend rolls 16
Potatoes per bag. 2,75.
Eggs per dozen 03c,
Wool, washed, 00c.
Flour per barrel #14.00
Men’s Work Boots
On a charge of forging notes for sales made by him as agent for William Gray & Sons, Ltd., of Chatham, Paul Week worth, an Kgmville resident, pleaded guilty, made restitution and was bonded to appear on call.
The Colonial Lumber Company’s Mills, near Pembroke, were totally destroyed by fire on Monday evening, May 28th. The Pern broke fire brigade succeeded in confining the liâmes to the buildings and thus saved the lumber piles. The loss is heavy, however.
HANSSHADEL
If you require any Work Boots, our advise is buy now, as prices are soaring at a very rapid pace. We have a very complete range.
1
Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 7>c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides eat;h 0.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.7-0 Veal Skins, each 00c
Pontiac’s Only Jewelery Store.
MARKET FOR
We are still agents for the
PULPWOOD
THE PEASANT’S RIDDLE.
INVICTUS
9

And How the Sicilian Kept the Premie# He Made to the King.
A Sicilian laborer told us this etory.
The “ Best Good Shoe.!’
For Men and Women.
John Mahoney, a section foreman in the employ of the C. P. It.,
was fatally injured on Saturday I He says Ills mother told it to him morning when he was struck by a when he was a child. It sounds like ballast train at Farm Point, Que. one of Grimm’s tales and is undoubt The accident was the result of an | edly very old folk lore: effort on the man's part to nave the hand car, which he was operating, from being damaged.
The Highest Market Price
' I will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
Where Quality counts we win.
“My mother told me that once there was a king who saw a peasant working in n field and asked him how much
And the peasant said,
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
Premier Ilearst, acting Minister bc earned of Agriculture, lms authorized the Four car Uni n day.' 'What do you do purchase of two carloads of cattle	with your 4 carlin I?' asked	the king.
and one carload of horses ns the	‘One I cat, the second I put at interest,	j	To	bê	dôÜVôrôd SidiügS along til6 O. P. R. and
nucleus of the live stock depart-	the third I return, and the	fourth I
ment to he established at the new	throw away/ This puzzled	the king,	]	0.	N.	R.	Railways.
Tne List of Our Dead Heroes J Provincial government farm at	and he asked the peasant	what he
Liskeard.	stock will be meant And the	said:
sold to settlers at cost.	I ••'I buy my food with one. 1 feed
my children with the second, and that la putting money out at interest I feed my old father with the third, and that is paying back what has been given me. I give the fourth to my wife, and giving her money ia throwing it away/
“ That's a good riddle,’ said the
p. E. SMILEY.
Local and District.
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
Grows
Word lms been received by friends at Wyman, of the death of another Pontiac boy on the battle
$ 3,00 front in France—Lance-Corporal William Andrew Dickson, for .50 Walter Jones, aged 10 years, son	merly of Westmeath, was the vie
•50 of Mr. Walter Jones, North Co-	tim of a drowning «ev ident at Al -
bait—who enlisted and went over- bitibi, on May 23rd, which was oc-seas with the Vfrtth Battalion last casioned by the upsetting of a
In England he was Canoe in which he and a friend ..	.	, .	. . „ .. .	,,	.
Picture framing J «“"ion of th»*87th Battalion! ''lie imfortunat!'lgÿo.mg mim* wm I‘ron,lsc mc ‘hat you won1/tell any
met his death in France on May	covered on the same day the aeci-	one	nnswer till	you have seen my
Among the recent nurse g ta- 10th. A letter was received from	dent oecui red, and taken to Ma	face a hundred times/	So the peasant
duates from the Lady Stanley In- him dated April 29th, in which he theson, where Arthur Dickson, promised, and the king went back to stitute, Ottawa, may be mention- told of being in the big battle ot brother of the deceased, took his palace and asked them the rtddle. t-tl the names of Mrs. Velma Boles,	Vimy Ridge.	charge of the remains, which were	Nobody could answer, but one remem-
ami Miss Jean Biyth.	The late L.-Cpl. Jones	name is on	brought to Pembroke thence to	bored seeing the king talk to a peas-
the honor roll oi Shawville O. i. Westmeath for interment. The ant, so he went to the peasant and “Cy" delivered n new “Mcljiugh- B. Lodge, and he is the first of the funeral took place on Saturday asked him about it But the peasant Six” at Dr. Hindman's, Bryson, member-of that lodge who enlist- la<t to the Westmeath Cemetery, said: 'I can't tell you. I promised the on Friday, returning with the ed to fall on the battle field. One The deceased was a son of Mr. king I wouldn't tell the answer till I “Ford” which the Dr. has been other has been wounded and one and Mrs. Ben Dickson, who re- bad seen his face a hundred tim, ,' using during the past two seasons, is a prisoner in Germany. The cvntly removed from Westmeath Oh, that’s easy!' said the king's friend
Spsi BÈEi» Him §§H§f
sMïStiES »ZS2..... EliSliWS ESrçBrë
at one o’clock Prom am •—Fancv hist week Mrs. John Smart passed present in the North West with t>ecame angry and said:	You couldn t
work for the social • Instrumental A way at her home at Starks’ Cor- the exception of the two mairied aave greased it. That peasant has duets by Miss H Grant and Mrs.	uers on Friday evening, May. 25th,	sisters and Arthur, who is engaged	3roken his promise!' So the friend had
McMullin Roll call How to	After many years of	suffering,	in the mining business in Cobalt.—	:o tell the king how he had fooled the
make money for the club.	borne with Christian patience and Standard.	peasant"
Mrs, Smart was born at Rad fold on June 19th, 1K17, and so had
almost Completed 70 years Of life.	what New Yorker« In 1765 Did For an
Her maiden name was Sarah Jane The World-Spectator of Moosomin,	’offensive °l*y
SjSg	: 33SHHF
her husband, one son and two I Murphy, l*Med away at her home here -The play advertised to be acted last daughters :	Lang Alexander, on ^unday last after a prolonged l	Monday evening having given offense
Annie Lois and Maude Evelyn, all al *‘le ot )'?*[*•	.o sundry and divers inhabitants of
at home : also four brothers and The late Mrs. Mundiy was one of hls who thought It highly lm-three sisteis : John Armstrong of Moosonnn s pioneers, having been a re	>n)pCr that such entertainment should
Botha, Alta ; Silas, George and | «dent of the west for 32 yearn and a re-	* exhibited at this time of public dis-
Wru Henry of Hadford ; Mary Uident of Moosomin for 28 year*.	xet*. when great number, of poor peo-
(Mrs Jo*. Brown) of Portage*i,v hhe «w a muHistcnt memU-r o the	)|e „„ iParx.e fln(1 moon, of robalab-
liai iiiii mm
Mr B»îl. An«lk*ii.	I.’r “'L.'l' Lro rô,b"u?.ï' (iirilT'u. wrol on cb. .adlm« .auld mew ! week to week &B they will 1» chucked full Of
%........rrf r" ft 2£~*	“* ”"“u
to Shawville Methodist Church, I Vl '‘J6!1 took place on Tuesday where the service was held and	at 3 P* m *	K‘ ^iilnl ^ re‘
PUCe ^ ^ Meth"	WIÜPSTÏ2:1 - «»”«. However, many people
Mr. Milton Gibson, a popular i The choir rendered appropriate tance who attendit the funeral were ame« 111(1 the ^lsy was begun, but young man of Dan ford l^ake has music, two of the hymns being Mr. and Mrs. O. Neff, of Brandon, and <°on Interrupted by the multitude, who received an appointment to a favorites of Mrs. Smart's—"Rock Mesdames El wood and Paterson, of ,ar*t open the doors and entered with nplendid itositiou on the C. P. R. of Ages”, and “Abide with me”; Regina.	lola® and tumult The audience
During the i*ist tew months he also a beautiful solo by one of the The Mym|»athy of all in extended to sped In the beet manner they could, has been attending the pier Rail- ladies. Among the Mow ers was a the boreavod husband and family.	deny lost their hats and other articles
way Telegraph School, Ottawa, tpray of roses and carnations from -	if raiment A boy had his skull frsc-
His many friends will be glad to Miss Hyde, teacherat No. 4 School,	~	urod and was yesterday trepanned,
heal of his success. Nine other an esteemed voting friend of the	Stray HorSO.	Death la bis. Several others were
students	attending	the	same	in-	deceased, and one from the family.	K>re!y set upon and injured But we
stitution	also	received	positions	To the sorrowing relative*, the Strayed no to the premises of the un-	,eerd of no lives lost The multitude
last week.	friends and neighbors extend their | designed-known a* the 14 Duke Stop- ^mediately demolished the house mud
ÏSijul diXrie ofi rill, in	^ mother ,or
the hand* of n little brother, who mi>ny ye*r*	___________________________
picked ui> the weapon from where r ...—'
iiia uncle had left it standing —	. .	.	.
against the wall for a moment in V&UtlOM to Boy Cyclists order to leave a parcel with his sister in the hott*e. The youug
man, it seems, was on his way to ,	t
fish and observing a ground hog l"V 'tnT? J? 1 P^re for that sort in a field decided to take the rifle [hu*? larties disregarding this not along to have a shot at it. Much ,eHVe themselves liable to a fine. Pie sympathy is felt for the bereaved . hear this in mind, relatives under the distressingly I	The Mayor
sad circumstances.
Subscriptions to Soldiers Tobacco Fund.
L. O. L., flo, Chartcris,
Mr. R. Kelley, “
Mrs. Kelley, “
Drowning Accident
TAILORING
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like framed. Call and see samples, specialty. H. Imi>“n.
Octobei
We have a large stoik of Goods in latest colors
GRAY, BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Rain Coats,
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Buy it at
DOVERS
Very much sympathy is felt for Mr. Gauley, of North Clarendon, in the loss of his wife, which sad event occurred suddenly about ten days ago. Mr. Ganiev lost an arm a fexv years ago, through a gun accident, and has otherwise suffered from adverse circumstances.
The Murrell Homemakers* Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Clarence Cameron on June 13th. at 7 o’clock, p. in. Program Why is it necessary for the homemaker to understand laundry work ? by Mrs. McGuire; Heading by Miss McClure. Roll call. Hints on gardening.
Letters have been received by the local Lodge, also the village Council and the ladies of Shawville, from Grand Secretary O. Y. B.t O. Elliott, expressing appreciation and thanks for the welcome and hospitality shown to the delegates attending the G. L. Session held here on May 24th and 26th.
SACKING A THEATER.
Wife of Sheriff Geo. B. Murphy
Dead.
At
?
for LESS.
Commencing Saturday, June 9th, we will put on SPECIALS every Saturday until further notice.
We are sure it will pay you to watch our ad. from
Good Bargains.
"This prevented the greatest part of hose who Intended to have been there
For Saturday, June 9
we offer the following lines at reduced prices ;
*5.95
25 Boys' Navy Union Serge Suits, size 25 to 35 15 Ladies’ Poplin Rain Coats (all shades)
15 Men’s Rain Coats 15 Boys’ Tweed Suits, size 25 to 33 30 prs. Men’s wearing Pants, reg. *2.25 to 2 50 Ladies’ White Waists, Middies and Night Gowns 20 Men’s Tweed Suits less 15 p. c. off marked prices, and
4.98
3.98
4.39
1.89
93
mg ex|«n
BRYSON COCHRANE.
Origin of the Pitcher.
Some of the earliest drinking r "ere made of a kina, sewed together n such a manner as to be water tight
Written temlvrn will be received by I rbe akin# were well tanned, and the e Lily Cheese and Butter Co. up to r
i. many other bargains.
TENDERS.
Be sure to come.
i
I hereby forbid bnya or any per
sidewalk
from ibem were
-1 the mght of June 18th f<w drawing per I Ugh indestructible. Leather drinking f j 100 pounds ' < ybeese to atati . and laaaeaia in Imkai were relied “hkrk.
lie* from a tat
from running birvl
r ¦
arks” and were made In about the shape as the pitcher of modem Jmee. The Inside was costed with a ayer of pitch, th eord -pâte
¦
ARCHIE DOVER
i'l
f 1917
RALPH KODGIXK Hi

giving rise to our
Box 1 ^8, Hhawvill
Shawville, June 1, UU7
