###PAGE###1###
O
No. 2, 35th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 5,
«1.00 A YEA K IN ADVANCE.
1017
s
Tlje Merchants Banl\ of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
THE HARDWARE STORE
Established 1864
ESTABLISHED 1814.
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montaou Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hlbdzn GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. Mac a now
Cap!ini Paid Up Rest
$ 4,000,000 4,750,000
Head Office: Ottawa. Canada.
Savings accumulate at a gratifying rate when a little self denial la practiced and a portion of ones income 1# deposited regularly in the
This article started on its upward climb two years ago, and has now reached a price higher than ever known.
Paid up Capital
«7,000,000
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16, ..
108,956,996
A Lucky Buy
Last fall we placed onr order for Hay Fork Rop at a price away below that prevailing aud can otter
Savings Bank Department
Interest allowed on deposits of #1.00 or more
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small and they ran be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par at any bank in Canada. The rate* ire as follow• —
$ 6.00 and under 5.00 to #10.....
10.00	to iso..
30.00	to $50...
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
e
Fort Covlonoe Bkanch. Campbell» Bay Branch, Portage dü Fort Branch
.T, A. McLatchie, Manager.
R. Lkgbk. Manager.
G. M Colquhovn, Acting M *r
3c
Pure Manila made by Plymouth Cordage Co., the best rope made at
6
very
m
15
$7.00 per 100 feet.
The Pembroke Standard api>ear ed last week under new manage ment, that of Mr. Thomas XV Wlialley, pa]ht man from
The Ladies Aid of the Shaw-ville Presbyterian congregation held a lawn social and sale of work at the Manse grounds on Thursday evening last, at which theie was a good attendance. Refreshments and ice cream were served and a short program, contributed by the young members of the congregation, was rendered. A fine evening favored the event, and all enjoyed themselves.
Geo. W. Pingîe, piano tuner and player piano exi*ert, will be at Camp-rx-lls Bay and Fort Coulonge the remaining days of this week. Leave orders at Smith's Hotel and Jewel House.
A Box Social will be held at the home of Mr. Robert Stanley, Charters, July 10th, in aid of lb d (’mes. Dancing afterwards children 16c. Li lies bringing boxes admitted free. Come one, cotpe all and enjoy yourself.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon w. F. DRUM
Manager, Shawville
an exj>orienced news-Western Ontario.
Manager, Quyon
Its a Bargain » * •
Get Your Williams Fly Destroyer Here.
“Canada’s Best”
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
" SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
Admission, adults 25c
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT


The Klmside H. M. Club will
—;
u
Our instruction is Individual, and the
meet at the home of Mish Alive school I* open duiing the entire year ; Davis, Wednesday, July 11th at yon may therefore start at any time.
2 o’clock, p. m. Program :	Pat- Our rates are $10 per month; do not
„ H,,,l:rin :	I.tadent.from oth.r local
Choi US Roll Call, ( .inadft« , colleges have in the past joined our class-
(treat Men; Guessing contest lh I es. Names and addresses are available.
Si iideuî* are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short
speed at which it has become the rule to drive cars through our narrow streets. Cars are so numerous now that accidents are I bound to happen unless greater precaution is taken. People are complaining that they cannot keep the flies now. Save swatting them their children cooped up all the | later. G. F. Hodgins Co. time to accommoda!» car drivers,	. _	... n . . ..
who should remember that they u ^.or} *
have no special privileges. It is ^9°^	^ n*!1	L i idny
up to you, gentlemen of the	July flth. Come and held
Council. ?	| the boys at the Front
Has proved Itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gow] ings Advocate.
W,E. Cowling, II. G. W. Braithwait President
W. A. HODGINS
A Great Day.
The local celebration of the fiftieth birthday of the Domiuon held at the Exhibition grounds on Monday, under the auspices of C. P. A. S. No. 1, came off very successfully, being favored with excellent weather and a large attendance. A good list of popular athletic sports was run off, mter-si>erscd with an interesting series of trotting and saddle races, which occupied the time of the afternoon well on toward evening. Details of these events will be furnished next week if the committee in charge will kindly hand them
¦Th* Society had three well attended booths for the sale of refreshments on the grounds and these were kept busy till the stock on hand was exhausted. Meals w ere served in the dining hall by Petti piece of Norway Bay.
The base ball match between Elm side and Vinton was rather too one sided to be interesting, the latter team winning by a score of 20 to 2 for eight innings a side.
The moving picture entertainment, held at night as the wind-up feature of the proceedings, was good and well attended.
cents a guess
SHAWVILLE
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Rank and Sparks Sts.
Principal
Men Attention !
Here are Window Screens. Bar
I CAN PLACE 40
WILLIS GRADUATES
EACH MONTH
in
Our Stock of Fine Shirts is now
complete.
Plain and fancy striped, with or without soft collars, either soft, double twin cuff or stiff cuff, at the popular price of $1.00 each.
Employers ask roe each month to supply them with an average of 40 young women young men and boys.
During the past year I have filled 250 good positions ; I have had calls for fully 250 more.
Our Shorthand training 1* universally recognized by the largest employers in Canada as the standard.
The brethren of O. V. B. Lodge, No. 804, will attend Divine Service at St. Paul's church, on Sunday evening next, July f vital ion is extended I brethren to participate in thi- ser vice.
Killed in Action
Htll. All ill
i to L. O. L
Mr
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO COUNT.
Ir voit have the equivalent of a Public School education, and are fifteen years of
«MF; I I	-------- age or older, we can train you to fill one
A	°f these good places and to secure one of
MjZm N At Shawville, on Thursday, the good salaries that are being paid. Mmu	June 28th, to Mr. and Mr*. H. \V. Full particulars upon lequest. Do not
W9MO - Hodgins a daughter.	',elay‘
Dirt ns
,1
V 3
É
N. I. Harrison, Principal WILLIS COLLEGE
•*
r
OTTAWA
Deaths
Sport Shirts, $1.00 to 1.25 each

Special Rates for Fair are Arranged.
Difficulty that has confronted the Central Canada Exhibition As sovirttion in securing social railway fares for the exhibition has been overcome. The association has now arranged with the Eastern Canada Passenger Association for a special rate to cover part of Quebec, eastern and central Ontario and
Fioni
other stations in Quebec, and from Kingston, Prescott, Brockville and adjacent points, there will be
single fare on all loads on Septem-1 No. 145884, third son of Mr. James ber 11 and 13, good for return with- Howard, of Green Lake. He enlisted in three days. There will be a with the 77th Battalion June 10, 1916, rate of a fare and a half from Sop- &nd left for overseas a few days after ternber 10 to 14, good to return up wards. Transferred in England to 87th to September 19, on all roads from i^ttalinn all stations in Ontario and Quebec east of and including the C. P. K. and C. N. R. Toronto-Sudbury lines, and taking in Quebec city and places in Vermont.
The association has also been assured of transportation facilities “ Mr. James Howard, for special attractions. This morning, a deputation, consisting of wear mr,—i am sorry to ten you mat | nepnew o Mr. Stewart McClenaghao, presi- No. 146884 Lance Corporal J. J. How- township WÊLË I I dent, and J.K. Paisley, secretary ard was killed in action April 9th, 1917, |about 63 years of age and un of the Central Canada Exhibition I jn the attack on Vimy Ridge

Last Tuesday's Ottawa papers! WANTED-A good house maid for a contained notices of the death of ! family of four—no children. Will pay the Rev. Mr. Cummings, a minister j 8<>od wages. E. D. Osborne. Am prior.
of the Methodist Church, who was stationed in Shawville when quite a young man. a good many years
ago.
f

Neglige Shirts, all sizes, $1.00
FOR SALE—Small Quebec Heater for wood or coal ; also combined Wilting Desk and Book Cane. A bargain in either.—M. Prenderuast, Shawville.
Mr. Hugh Conn, the well-known horse dealer, of Ottawa, died in a gically sudden manner, i
bles on Tuesday morningl^H
19th. He waa 64 years of age. A wife, one son and two daughters survive. The latter are overseas.
Work Shirts
APPRENTICE WANTED-A young smart boy wanted at once to learn tin smithing. Apply to G. E. Wainman.
eastern ami centrai uu-points in Vermont	I
St. Jeanne, St. Lin and fl
at liis
, June
tra
sta
These are bargains at the present price of material.
/CONCRETE CULVERTS. PIPES AND
curblngM for wells sold at Works Contracta made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T McDowell & Son. Shawville Que.
L.-CORP. JOHN J. HOWARD
Mr. Jeremiah Shea, of Dunraven, Calumet Island, died in the hospital at Hailey bury, Ont., on Wednesday of last week, after a short illness. The deceased, who had spent the greater ;w*rt of his time in recent years in the mining districts of Northern Ontario, was home for a time, but returned to Swastika not very long ago, after disposing of his farm near Dun-raven. lie was a eon of the late James Shea of Calumet Island, and
50c. 75c. and $1.00 each.
You can buy the same from ns as from any city dealer, of Eastmans Kodaks and supplies. Amateur finishing a specialty. H. Imison, Photo Artist.
Killed in action April 9th, aged 23 years and 7 months.
Also a full line of Summer Underwear, both two-piece and combinations in fine Balbrig-gan, Merino and Natural Wool.
Letter in reference to his son's death re-
Mr. Howard from the
ceived by Lieut. Col. of the 87th Battalion
Phillip Hebert, the noted Canadian sculptor, died at Westmount last week, aged 68.
Shawville P. O « ads.
Dear Sir,—I am sorry to tell*you that | nephew of Mr. John Shea, of that
k The deceased was
Gentlemen !
Mr. O. M. Hennessey, (Dier) a
Hennessey,
brother of Mr. James of Fort Cou longe, who was bush agent for the Abitibi Power and Pulp Co., is believed to have been drowned in the Abitibi river on ,lw the 12th of June, as having left I Iroquois Falls logo to Low Bush in This community was visibly	a canoe, (accompanied by A. La-
shocked and grieved on Saturday	voie, formerly of Fort Cou longe)
afternoon to learn that the Rev.	nothing had been seen of him since
1 il n rv	Mr. R. W. Knight, pastor of the	up till Thursday last. A search,
r* \	£' n* j.	Wesleyan Methodist congregation	however, is said to have resulted
I.t ( o!	omumnding s,th Bn,	had suddenly passed away, a num-	in discovering the paddles of the
( anadian Infantry,	ber being quite unaware that the	canoe, and also the body of his
Cau. Uren. (iuards	rev. gentleman had been ill for	companion. Mr. Hennessey was
---	about ten days. His death was	; about 49 years of age and was a
We miss thee from our home, dear due to a clot of blood being carried son of the late Martin Hennessey,
from a varicose vein to t lie heart, I of Westmeath His wife before which invariably proves fatal, marriage was Miss Lizsle Carlson, The remains of the deceased were; also of Westmeath, and they have removed from here on Monday five sons and one daughter, the morning, for Interment at Cardin- eldest son, Graham, being now en al, Ont., his late home. He is sur- route overseas. Before going to . I vived by a widow and three da ugh- Hailey bury] Mr. Hennessey was lBW’ I ters, who have the unreserved suent for >Jr. J. R. Booth on Black sympathy of the community In 'River.
the great affliction which has so His companion leave** a widow
unexpectedly come upon them. I and nine child
__ __	He met married
Association ; Messrs. J. A. Mc- jesth bravely "and wm a fine ex brought to Calume KeKechnie and William Morris, empie of courage to the men near him. tery for interment
iiEEi ###% - -—
Martin Burrell, Minister of Agri- mi.joan^jogrtamj
His
remains were
brought to Calumet Inland ce me
Now that the summer is here, do not forget that we have the most up to the minute line of
Straw, Sailor, Panama and Fine
Chip Hats
To be had anywhere in Pontiac.
culture, and Hon. Frank Cochrane.
Minister of Railways, asking that provision be made for the transportation of special attractions and exhibit#, the railways having declined to give the fair associations any assurance on the question owing to shortage in rolling I	brother,
stock.	We mis* thee from thy place ;
The members of the Govern-1 A shadow o’er oor life is cast, ment interviewed refer red the de- We mine the sunshine of thy face, putation to Mr. I> Arcy Scott, of	51
rSîsSS	tts* 9
permitted by the commission to
place necessary train equipment/ We miss thee everywhere at the disposal of the fainaeeg^
W. A. HODGINS
We miss thy kind and willing hand.
brother.
Family
rei*

###PAGE###2###
22 1*011 NIKS OF SUGAR A "HOARD"
Write for mj Illustrated Booklet
further regret that he had been rude to her.
Taking up her pen, Pat wrote a note, in disguised hand, Informing Kelly that there would he a great display of jewels at the Crosby fete, and asking that he attend to protect the valuables.
“There will be one jewel, almost priceless, that the Apaches are planning to get. We hear you are a great detective and suggest that vou take measures to prevent the robbery.”
When the Sphinx received the communication, from the hands of one of the messengers Jacques sent at Pat's command, the detective wrinkled his brow, as he contemplated the scrawl.
“This girl is defying me again. Her conduct is a mystery— but I'll not take the jibes of a girl ami do nothing to
he muttered to him-
&ÎG
¦fàrnfel
DIAMONDS
V
1
To Keep It in London, American Wo-
Gets Store License.
men
DIDDLE
There is n woman of prominence in the American colony in London who holds a Government license as a shopkeeper. Her store technically is the kitchen of her beautiful house in the
fashionable section ('lf||||||l||||||||||||||||||||HI
It happened this way: The woman had to get the license in order to retain a present of twenty-two pounds
of sugar sent by________a relative in tB#
United States—two.eleven pound parcel post packages sept because of the fear in America that the people in England were suffering for want of sweets.
“Haw you a license ?" asked an
English post office inspector when the I ietlc of hospitals has been found fall-packages arrived.	going to the eye by British surgeons,
MA license?” returned the American and tot this reason a number of Brit
Ullllllll"A license? What ish hospitals are being fitted up entirely in green, as the color is restful and offers no sharp contrast to the colors of the wound surfaces.
L. J. POTTS, 1710 Royal Bank Bldg
TORONTO "
f
said the inspector.
“But that is a present. I am not a shopkeeper
me
Harrow
I didn't order the suIt came unsolicited.*
“That makes no difference,” replied
“ItV against the de-
faulting Rhubarb
wood floor covering. Cost it with a Rhubarb may he successfully canned good varnish or paint and renew once without cooking. Heel the stems and a year. Never wash it with soap. $$lico as usual, filling the jar and pine- Use an oiled mop or wipe it with wa ing it under the water faucet, gllo>v ter and oil to keep it from crocking, the cold water to run over the rnubarb, A yard of picture-moulding nance o which is packed until every crevice is the wall near the stove, with two filled. The jar is then sealed and lengths of picture-wire, four or live stored in a coo], dark place. It must inches apart, parallel with the mouui-.	, not be moved or disturbed until it is Ing, will hold pot lids. Cn the nails
The loose planking that had been tat Ion with Jacques and had outlined flowing with a hot heavy syrup made when you are preparing vegetables, an carelessly nailed to form the floor that her plans for the Crosby affair.	of twice ns much sugar as water and peelings and refuse may go through
separated Pat from the room below, There is a man from the aviation cooked until the syrup forms a thread I the hole into the pail rattled under the girl's feet. as she corps who wants to join our hand, , when dropped from a spoon. Adjust Have a high stool for work *nd a
cracks that separated the planks, one considered what Jacques had said, should come to within an inch of the partment. It will consist ot tven > from the other.	Finally, as If resolved upon her plans^ of thc jar Seal the jar re. fiv# lessons, and it would he an excel-
She could hear Kelly’s wild shouts of action, she said:	move it from the water, invert on a lent plan to paste them in a scrap-
gar
the inspector fence of tho realm regulation# to 'hoard' sugar ense."
There was no other way. The in-
$ Grace (xuvcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
You must have a In-
spector won
?
The “immaculate white" character-
resent them, self.
#
woman, puzzled
for?"	Vl L v
“To receive the sugar which has
been shipped to you from America,"
i


'
$25.00 m $21.50
V
#W
Wii Sen» Ctrroiu
v

pjtvguuasnrae
Finally, as if resolved upon her plans jtopf of thc jar
of action, she said:	1 mnv» it	tk
“Get him and bring him here before|
. ,S1%, _____________________ this evening.
gled i n° th o° la n' r ‘Vo ' r c a c h ' th "è i r ‘ h a p - Ir' will ‘ h’avr'V v^uü^'^n.l.l'ition io sugar half nn inch deep in a pint jar,
less victim, added a note of extreme our forces." T--------------u-----J	" °	------*-----1 J-““*
terror to the situation.
Kelly's hands and fingers were

I


----+—-----
TREATMENT OF WOUNDS
wwwer
m


I . Jacques bowed in a si- then a layer of rhubaru of equal depth,
wwjmmm a
the girl’s eager struggles.	. will let you start this very evening, than the previous method described. was to be expected that wounds, whe-
••Hold on for you life," Pat called Jacques will go into the detail with	- ther produced by accident or by the
««BiSSIMS
mise|S§=B5=!
****
toward another In distress, said the ^	pat » sall| the aviator, sweetened when used It may be extraordinary methods of remedy.
«4$
what your admirers say about your The Crosby mansion and estate were ^Pful \lnegar, one cupful water one being the greatest detective in all Eu- a gcene ()f brilliancy.	stick cinnamon, one teaspoonful blade
rope is true.”	; ‘ Pat> Apaches were well distributed mace, one-fourth teaspoonful whole
Before Kelly could continue the con- throughout the grounds, where they cloves, one-half teaspoonful whole all-versation Pat had terminated his °P“• could see and not be seen.	spice, one bay leaf,
portunity by hanging up the receiver. Ph|t Kelly had sent his own men to Piace in cheesecloth bag
dropped upon tne divan.	tlon In anv emergency. the Sphinx process In hot water bath for ten min-
Mrs. Van Nuys interrupted her rev- came ,n hts automobile and had the utes after the boiling starts. Remove erle by entering Pat's boudoir and an- macbine parked where it would be and then seal and store
nounring:	, easy of access In a hurry call.	' A Test to Use to Try Jellies:—Lift
“VVe are invited to th:- < roshys o- Mrs. Van Nuys and Pat arrived some of the jelly on a spoon, and then
Sr—"=~	ags&rxsL'z:
“The Croabys are all right I suppose vision of beautv the girl presented. „ spoon ........	,
—but I would rather remain at home."	,To b, -ntinued )	fire- pour lnto sterilised glasses and
“But if you	lio De continued.)	| cover with parowax
usual manner.
i
{TT

i
i
x
i
/

i
¦¦
Thrift that brings Comfort instead of Sacrifice
'"TpHRIFT, the paramount national duty,
JL applies to time as well as to money—to small personal outlay as well as to larger family expenditure. Applied to the daily shave, thrift means the use of a
always the result of infection and
was
might be prevented.
In former times infection was often the result of carelessness on the part of the surgeon or the nurses, but no realized that fact because no other
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR
The Razor of National Service.
The Gillette reduces shaving time to five minutes or less—an adtual saving of a week of working days a year 1 To the man who depends on the barber, it saves still more time, and from $25 to $50 or even more annually. This means
several War Savings

the cost of one or Certificates.
Moreover, there is not a man living with a beard to shave who cannot shave better with a Gillette if he will use it correctly—with the blade screwed down tight ana a light Angle Stroke.
For the thousands of youmf men just reaching shaving one the Gillette Safety Razor is a source of good habits—not only thrift, but punctuality, personal neatness, and efficiency in little things. For yourself or your son, at home Overseas, it Isa splendid investment
Gillette ' * Bulldog* * \ "Aristocrat*” and Standard Seta coif S3, — Pocket Editions $3. to $6.— Combination Soto from
Gillette Safety Razor Co. of Canada, Limited,
Office and Factory I The Gillette Bldg., Montreal.
or
remedial surgery in such cases are almost miraculous.
The antiseptic treatment of wounds has also taken great strides. Physicians have found that they can bring about healing in wounds that formerly they would have thought to be hopeless. The improved treatment is largely the work of a French surgeon, formerly resident in New York, Dr. Carrel, who not only makes a wound clean but keeps it so by subjecting it to a constant stream of some suitable antiseptic fluid, which bathes the entire wounded surface for days at a time. The treatment has not only saved much disfigurement but it has actually preserved many lives that in previous wars would have been lost.
$8,30 ap. Send for Catalogue.
251
Pour the



V *
Vf
Then remove from the
Is but another word for •‘insured” when it refers to jams and preserves. Molding and fermentation are impossible when the jars are securely sealed with
Store in the
said Pat a little wearily would like me to go, auntie, I am perfectly agreeable to the idea.' she add-
THE MEASURE OF A MAN
S. S. teacher—What is the lesson for And it was finally agreed that they to-day? S. S. scholar—Please, Miss, should be numbered among the Gros- the 23rd Samuel.
g###
devoted to the subject, Pat thought I profits, but they can be detected by in- , *n % ln fres" water Bre out a way to » lake the Sphinx still ! dividual milk and butter records. ^ sufficiently fresh.
*	I Do not preserve dirty egg* or eggs
that have been washed. Washed eggs will not keep, because the protective gelantinous'coating has been removed by the washing, and dirty eggs will become tainted In flavor.
Do not leave the eggs in the preservative longer than one year.
Egg* that are In good condition when removed from the water glass solution will usually remain g od for two weeks.	*
Eggs preserved in water glass can be kept a year and these egg* are as good for all cooking purposes as* fresh eggi.
Cover the eggs with fully two inches of water glass. Be sure that the water glass is fully two inches above the top layer of eggs. Cover the jars to prevent evaporation.
eep the jars where they will be disturbed.
Use nine parts of boiled water, after It has cooled, to one part of water
glass
will cover fifteen dosen eggs
m
tfyjarowax1
^ PURR REFINED PARAFFINE
Parowax keeps the container air-tight. When you have the jars securely parowaxrd* your preserves will be the same when you open them as they were the day you put them up.
Best of all, Parowax is most convenient to malted Pam was over the tope of jelly tumblers and they a&ade air-tight, dust ami germ proof.
FOR THE LAUNDRY—flee directions on Parowax labels for its usa In valuable service in washing.
At grocery, department and general stores everywhere.
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
Limited
BRANC HES IN ALL CITIES
What Constitutes True Manhood In
Times Like These.
The measure of a man Is not his courage In combating immediate danger. writes Edwin Balmer, in the Philadelphia Ledger. The cornered rat will turn and fight for his life as desperately as the lion or as the bravest of beasts, man.
The measure of a man is his Intelligence in foreseeing and forestalling the destruction which threatens him and his.
We are at war because the most intelligent and best Informed of our people have become convinced that Hohenzollern triumph would imperil us; ine acts of our enemy, from the invasion of Belgium to the murder of noncombatants and neutrals being perpetrated during the moment you read this, more than suffice to convince any Intelligent man that we must act vigorously and at once.
The man who does not either enroll himself or his dollars against the enemy is not only unpatriotic, he la unintelligent; he is not only cowardly, he ie stupid. He confesses either to atavistic political thought or total lack of Imagination.
The man who enlists for service and the man, who, unable to lend himself, lends his dollars, enrolls himself among the Intelligent and foresight-ed, among those able to turn and fight for them selves before being forced into a corner.
Preserving Eggs
A five gallon jar will hold fifteen
This Is a good rise to
Pour
are
Don’t PAINT


*
YOUR SHOES
FEED them
I
m
K
with

i
I
(

'#
XtiGGET
Shoe Polish

K
un.

%
i K

I
t
j

One quart of liquid glass
/
“Nugget” does not put on a surface shine that disappears In an hour. “Nugget” feeds the leather.
Keeps your shoes soft, makes them waterproof and gives a brilliant shine that will last all day. Ask for “Nugget” at your dealers.
BLACK, TAN. TONEY RED, DARK BROWN. 10c. per tin.
in
To Improve Your Kitchen.
Put casters on your work-table and move it about wherever it is most convenient.
Have plenty of hooks in various convenient places; also a memorandum pad to jot things down.
A mixture of kerosene and soap applied once a week will keep a porcelain sink bright.
Linoleum is very popular for •

u
Si
x
i-
Berries should be hauled in a spring wagon to your market or shipping staff your wsgon lent that kind, buy a pair of bolster springs and use He
to cover th«* load of berries to keep out too fast
tion
Two more hints: Dont forget
I
or roua shoes-
###PAGE###3###
[no alum I
EARTHQUAKES IN JAPAN.
Appetite Finicky and te&S JZTuSttL?I SATISFIED MOTHERS
Fussy? Tempt it with a I In South Wale* In 1914-16 the tight, nutritious food that % £*2 Un
helps you to shake off the one mile (and In addition there are shackles of a Winter diet, terminal recelpte per ton of 28 1-8
Eat Shredded Wheat Ble-	.nd ....
cull	with bcrriee	and	cream	In South Australia In	1914-16	the	1 not poasibly do harm—always good,
or milk.	Two	or	three	Bis-	employees were paid an	average	of	Concerning them Mrs. Jos. Morneau,
SM 5£ r£SE EH'-BfMr
ing, satisfying meal at a In Western Australia In 1914-16 the other medicine for my little ones.
kitchen worry.	age amount collected per ton of Brockvllle, Ont.
freight per mile.
The wages paid on the Australasian	Rvclalmlng Waste I aper.	A one to two-year old sod, when
systems vary, as will be noted. The A process, known as the Jasperson pi0Ughe(j under, will enrich the soil
Hthe six divisions is de-lnking process, by which • the mut.^ would manure applied at the $054.76 compared with the $727, the printing ink is removed, has been de- rate of 10 to 12 tons per acre, average paid in wages in Canada In veloped for the reclamation of print-
1916. y	_	ed papers. This will permit of old Mlnard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
In Canada the enterprise of	the	newspapers, magazines, etc., being
railways has broken up	the country	utilized for the making of newsprint.
into farms. In Australia there are previously, this material could be mu' «the orchard win.
ranches many thousands of "quare used only for the making of the. 1	1 '	u/amtph
miles in extent, and the exports of rougher grades of paper, where the j nALUnlYlAiN wheat tell the story of the failure of (nk content was not a drawback. The Lubricating on. Orea*e. Specialties.
the Australian railway* to stimulate application of this process should be	unUl'ahimMÎ '«Ubll.heU
general farming activities.	a further incentive to the saving or miment portion and wide field
waste paper.	If
QUEEN’S
Frequent Earth Tremors Interfere With Development of Waterpower.
It is well known that Japan has a great number of waterfalls which would be of material value In the development of the country, reason these valuable sources of power are not being developed is because
of the dangers of earthquakes, which are constantly confronting the people of that country. More than once within recent years have steps been taken with the view of constructing dams in order that these falls might be utilized when some demonstration of the earth has given warning of the | danger of such a step, and the promotors have been forced to abandon or greatly modify the proposed improvement.
?vari suinStV
No other medicine gives as great satisfaction to mothers as does Baby's
Own Tablets*HPPH	JJPI
equally good for the newborn babe or
are absolute-
INTKD ON
ME
UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON
ONTARIO
I*t*r*rrt3(T.U»^|
These Tablets are
/
tmr
rw/ #
ARTS
MEDICINE EDUCATION APPUED SCIENCE
Mining, Chemical. Civil. Mechanic! and Electrical Engineering.
HOME STUDY
Arte Coarse hy correspondence. Degree with otie year e attendance.
Summer School Navigation School
But the
4
I
•71
I
I
CEO. Y. CHOWN, Registrar
15
| MADE IN~CANADA )
average for
Two-third# of the world’s correspondence in in the English language.
ABSORBING
^ f RAOt MARK fltC.U.S PAT Off.
r •
Tis the patient holding out that
OB
AL

Will reduce Inflamed, Strained, ¦ iav.M 4*w ACRES •Swollen Tendons, Ligament», I tivMtlon. good b or Muscles. Stops the lameness and ¦¦¦ Splint, bide Bone or ne Spsvln. No blister, no hail
gone and horse rsn be used. $2 a —	_ _
ro..le at druggl.1. or delivered De-	^ood^n.artî
- icribe your cart for iperlal initruc-	Th, mo„ useful and Interesting
turns and intsrcstb g horsa Book J M Free. 0f all hunlneime* Pull Information on
^ 7 psente. Swollen Gland». Vein» or Mueeleef ii ' Heal» Cuts. Sores. Ulcers. Allays pela Price II ll.OOeboal-Bl Hrslener<fr!!r.red. B»ok ‘ Erl4#iK«” frte
« f YOUNG, P. 0. P., 618 Lymans Bldg , Montreal, CaA rbine sod Absorbloc. Jr., ir» suds la
&
. 320 UNDER Cl ulMIngh. 122.00
\\ hi tewoud,
;
FaM-
ohn Hcott,
acre kfltvhewan
Made in Canada.
In from a
K
< ’ommlealon Per-when
Man with rig pre-1 >ell verte* from Ontario ware-
GOVERNMENT CONTROL OF RAILWAYS little worries
2
i.
OUMVN
a,
GENERAI* REFINING 0O„
Cleveland. Ohio.
After the &S3hS
Ne,leegæ$
Cire for Them. You Cinnot Buy New Eyes t
•old at Drag and OpU Murine Eye Remedy C
IN THE HOME
MXSOEX.X.ANBOUS
baying your, Piano bifllst on having
* OTTO HIQEL” PIANO ACTION
à 1ANCEH Tl'MOHH LUMPS. WTO.. V. Internal and external, cured without vein by our home treatment. Writs urn before too late Dr Heilman Medical Co., Limited. Collinrwood. Ont.
When
INTERESTING STATISTICS OF VARIOUS COUNTRIES.
an
These firing the Wrinkles and Pallid Faces That Make Women Look Prematurely Old.
Almost every woman at the head of a home meets dally many little worries in her household affairs. The care of her little ones, the work about the house all contribute to these worries, be too small to notice an hour afterwards, but they constitute a constant strain that affects the blood and the nerves and make women look prematurely old. The effect of these little worries may be noticed in sick or nervous headaches, fickle appetite, tired-after slight exertion, and the coming of wrinkles which every man dreads. To those thus affl Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills offer a speedy cure; a restoration of color to the cheeks, brightness to the eye, a hearty appetite and a sense of freedom from weariness. Among the many thousands of Canadian women who have found new health and strength through these pills is Mrs. G. Strasser, Acton, West, Ont., who says: mother of three children and after each birth I became terribly run down, I had weak, thin blood, always felt tired, and unable to do my household work. , Hi	¦¦
child I seemed to be worse, and was very badly run down, greatest benefit from the Pills and soon gained my Indeed after taking them I felt as well as in my girlhood, and could take pleasure in my work. I also used Baby's Own Tablets for my little ones and have found them a splendid medicine for childhood ailments."
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are sold by all dealers in medicine, or you can procure them by mail at 60 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
CRISIS OF WOMAN’S LIFE
AUTOMOBILE# FOB BALE
Chi
Comparing Freight Rates and Wages Paid on Government Owned and Private Owned Roads.
rglUDHOPB, S-PAS8ENOBR. 4-CYLI1* 1 der Touring Car, In good running This car ha» been painted and varnished this season. Price $300.
---UDSQM. 1016 MODEL, I
Substitute for Potatoes
Small dried peas called “carilns,” or m maple peas, are now being eaten as I substitutes for potatoes In the north of J | England. They are cooked like marrowfat peas, soaked overnight and boiled for twenty-five minutes the next I Arne Mu* day. In early times “carlins were I Pienaar eaten very generally on Carlin or Passion Sunday. They are light brown color outside and cream colored under the skin and sell for from eight to twelve cents a pound, much less than beans and peas.
MONEY ORDER
SEND a Dominion Express Money Order. Five dollars costs three cents.
order.
BOOK Oft
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed	,	. .
Maned free to any addreaa bj | Change Safely rawed by
H. CLAY GLOVER CO., Inc. I Taking Lydia E. Pinkham'i
Dog Remedies 1118 West 31 st Street, New York|	Vegetable Compound.
CYLIN-
II der, 7 Passenger Touring Car. Electric light» and starter. Recently overhauled and newly palmed. Tires In good shape. Price 11.100.	______
HUDSON, 1018 MODEL. 6 CYLlIf-J 1 der. 7 Passenger Touring Car, with electric lights and starter, Thoroughly oxerhauled In our shop and newly pain ed. Seat covers on all seats and doors. Oversize Urea Price $1.100
W. M. Acworth, the British representative on the International Board of Inquiry into the Canadian railway situation, in speaking of the English railways said recently:
“Now, I am no foe of government railways. On the contrary, I believe that in countries with a population less self-reliant than our own, such a policy Is necessary, with a bureaucraoy as well-trained and as well-organized as that of Prussia, it may even be desirable But a careful study of the evidence has convinced me that in the long run state control ends in keeping down the best to the .level of the worst, and that taking them all for all, the private railway companies of England and the United States have served the public better than the government railways of the continent, or of our Australian colonies, and are likely to serve it better in the future.”
The employees in 1913 on the railways of Germany numbered 786,466 and were paid on the average $408.97 per year, thirty-eight per cent, of the gross earnings. In German, all classes of freight considered, one and a third cents, or 18 mills, collected for each ton of goods

Most of them may
HUDSON. MODEL 17. 6 PASSENGER, J1 « cylinder Touring Car. Electric light» and • tarter. In good running order end newly painted. Looks like a
$660. ___________
A VERY FINE •eating Bva • tarter, also Inaiae Nearly all the windows vea ample ventilation for Price $700.
Wagoner, Okla.—"1 never get tired of praising Lydia E. Pinkham s Vegetable Compound because during Change of Life 1 in bed two
WITH THE FINGERS! SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
In a country
i
car. Price
ness
i
wo*
f>.UOB MEDAN JL looking closed Elmctrie lights and dome light, open, which gl summer driving
icted
car
was
years and had two operations, but all tne doctors and op.., orations did me no
Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or	11 good, and I would
any kind of a corn can shortly be lift-	have been in my
ed right out with the fingers if you IEIf8kiTgfg^ grave today had ft	¦
mm efss &&
œ i*55sîîv?îi iS^SSSSat^ ' üüEhhhs
every corn or callus without pain or of my neighbors ha got well by tak- very nice. Prie* 1810.^^—
soreness or the danger of Infection. Ing Lydia E.Pinkham s V «ge table Com- | i AocaON, 6 passenger. 4 CYLIN-ThU new drug is an ether com- pound.”— Mrs. Viola Finical, Wagon- #J der Touring Car. lia» electric lights
.plied and does not inflame or e	suffocation, hot flashes, headaches, back- I We only sell used care after the pur-
Sr. “vmsf Jz :srtiïftriîsu» Siæ?. s HHâH
and calluses now without a bit of pain heart, sparks before the eyes, irregu-	showroom next time you are in Toronto
or soreness. If your druggist hasn’t laritics, constipation, variable a poet, te	and	VTa	%m%ftr2
srsriîrt saws	»——a-
house.	many women safely through the crisis, ^^ite-iso Bay »-	,ronto °nt-
WITHOUT ANY PAIN
7-PAS8ENOKR. 4, Car. Elec trie new. demounV Price 1800.
H A L M E R fl. Cylinder starter, tires able rims, one spare tire.
C
Touring
practically
How About Frying ’Em?
The aged Admiral was well known for his powers of exaggeration. . supper one night he was describing a
thrilling voyage.
“While cruising in the Mediterranean,” he said, “we passed an island which was red with lobsters.
“But,” said one of the politely incredulous guests, “lobsters are not red
until boiled.”	.
“Of course not,” said the undaunted Admiral, “but this was a volcanic island with boiling springs!”
At
UDSON 1813 MODEL "54." A HIGH powered, six cylinder, L passenger In good running order and Price 1760.
“I am the
!

After the birth of my third
I found the
old time strength.
were moved one mile.
In Canada during the fiscal year ended June 30,	1915— the figure are
used, because they were those compiled from official records by the Bureau of Railway News and Statistics, Chicago—the employees numbered 124,142 who received on the average $727 per year, more than forty-five per cent of the gross earnings. Yet in Canada the railways collected only 7.61 mills, or about three-quarters of a cent for each ton of freight moved one mile. The rate charged in the United States for similar service in 1916 was 7.380 mills, or about 1-8 of a mill leas per ton than in Canada.
Her First Journey.
Margaret, 6 years old, was travel-
She sat as if
ing tor the first time, entranced by the view from the car
window.
Her father, noticing the rapt exprès-eion on her face a a the train sped
along, said:
“What do you think of it, Mar-
gaghVreplied: “Oh, father! It is just like a picture book, only you don't have to turn the pages.”
Doctors Tell Why They Prescribe Bon- Opto.
Explain How It Strengthens Eyesight Remarkably In a Week’s Time
In Many Instances.
RUSSIA’S SPIRITUAL GIFTS.
What Wéfetern Civilization May Learn
From Russia.
Dr. Beck, an eye epw’lsltst of nearly twenty years practice, says: "Two promt nent eye spodallHts, after a thorough examination of a young girl aged twelve, decided that to aave the eight of her right eye
"!. A friend ad-try Bon Opto before permitting the operation. Within three nave a decided Improvement was noticeable, within a week the Inflammation had almost
. and at the end of alx week** past and the eye saved. I saw the case again to day. The eye ball perfect motion. When she began to Bon Opto It worn lu a fixed position. The conjunctival Inflammation has dlsup peered. Her vision Is uow 20/10 (20/20 la normal as you know) as against 20/2001» when she began the use of Bon-Opto. Another patient came to me suffering from Blepharitis Marglnails with all the usual symptoms such as morning agglutination of the lids chronic conjunctivitis and epblphora. Her eye# bad the dull, mtiffuwed expreSHlon common to such case^ Hhe used Bon-Opto and not only overcame her dlJL* treMHlng condition but ao strengthened her eyesight that she was able to dispense with her distance glasses and ngr headache and neuralgia left her. In this Instance I should say her eyesight was Improved 100 per cent ' Dr. Judkins any a: "While house surgeon at a New England Eye and Ear Infirmary and during many years In general dispensary practice, I r d oculists too prone to
¦SmM pPH
produces three crop. . year .nd i.
resemble. e.p.rto era,, and^ when
of flrat-claaa paper-making pulp. j gy/JJ. gpf
ram r*-ed everything without ray glasses, and number of serious ontbalmlc «Useases with my eyes do not hurt any more. At night Bon Opto and am able to re;A,rt ultimate they would pain dreadfully Now they feel recovery In both acute and chronic cases, fine all the time. It was like a intrude to .Mr. B. came to my office suffering with an A lady who used It says: The at Infected eye The condition was so serious med baty with or without that an operation for enucleation seenud
rlpttoo for Imperative. Before resorting to the oner
stive method I prescribed Bon Opto and Ifi twenty-four hours the secretion hud lea
____I____	_ It says: *T was bothered acned. Inflammatory symptoms began to
w ith eyestrain caused by overworked, tired au balds, and In seven days the eye was which Induced Acres headaches. I cured and retained Its normal vision. An-
for several years, both other case of extreme convergent strabismus
ped the surgeon’s knife by on en en* | the timely use of your treatment.
tightened external muscles yielded to the southing end anodyne effects of Bon Opto.
There is an attitude of expectancy,	¦
of wonder, in the Russian Minard's Liniment Co., Limited. \ mind. He believes in God with a Dear Sirs,-This fall I got thrown working belief, and looks for signs of on a fence and hurt my chest \ery His activity in the world ; and just as bad, so I could not work and ‘t hurt to the expectant shepherds watching me to breathe. I tried all kinds of by their flocks angels appeared, so Liniments and they did me no good, to the humble, believing Russian One bottle of MINARDS LIM-
great certaintiea of j MENT, warmed on flannels and applied on my breast, cured me completely.
C. H. COSSABOOM.
Rossway, Digby Co., N. 8.
a sense
Conditions in Australia.
In Australasia, where are established the only democracies constitutionally comparable with Canada, the railway situation is exceedingly complicated and the condition



the left must be removed vised her father to


io peered danger was
revenues
dies
all

peasant come God, says an English writer. We do not expect, and so we do not receive. We are too sure that we know exactly what kind of a world it is in which find ourselves, and vision dies amongst us. It is just here that our ally has a. message and a mission to the world.
If, as I firmly believe, we have much to learn from Russia, we for part have something to give Russia in exchange. Our^moral earnest-is all that Russia lacks to make
*
bue
%


DM

r

V%
»
f
£



y

we
A New Excuse
Teacher—And why are you so late,
Frankie ?	.
Frankie—If you please, teacher, it Is
She lost the



¦ v.
>>•
A

mother’s washing day. lid of the boiler, so I have been sit-the top to keep the steam in.
y

VA
our
tin* on

her glorious, just as Russia’s spiritual tenderness is all we lack to make us amiable.
We must endeavor, while we open hearts to the Russian Christ, to inspire in Russia something of our moral earnestness. We must set ourselves both to give and to receive, the one completing the other, g
give, without offence, by developing our commercial relations with Russia and manifesting in all these relations a scrupulous fairness and unswerving honesty.
With England shifting her em phasis to love, and Russia taking into her emphasis on love England's insistence upon moral rectitude, there will grow up at either end of Europe a power for righteousness such as the world has not yet eeen.

/

For Building Up Quickly
Opto Ie HantenIng the Hfegiaae. i Age in Bespectacled Boston."
also used It end we are agreed to I ta Balte. In a few days, under my observation, tbe eyes of an astigmatic case were no Improved that glasses have been dlwearded by tbe patient.
Eye troubles of many descriptions rosy be wonderfully benefited by tbe use of Bon-Opto and If you want to strengthen your eyes, go to any drug store and get a bottle of Bon Opto tablets. Drop one Bon-Ovt<-> tablet In n fourth of a glass of water and let It dissolve. With this liquid bathe the eye# two to four times dally. You should notice your eyes clear up perceptibly right tbe start, and Inflammation and red-will quickly disappear. If your eye# bother you even a little It la your duty to acres to save them bow before It Ie too late. Many hopelessly saved th»4r sight If th*-y
“Hon-
our
probably the very best food you can
And we
select is
can
Grape-Nuts.
It contains the mineral salts and energy values—all the nutriment of whole wheat and barley — digests easily and quickly, and the flavor is delicious.
V\V\\v
an
from
r- norms ?
^KIDNEY;
PILLS Â
mosphere a leases, but after Tiring this p fifteen days everything! read even fine print wl
take
Mind mi elt bave
a clear.
eyre In time,
nhjrslrlse to ft»d. said:
MrrB'—k article wui
«
f A
a remark* Me ere remedy. Its
tltaent In-

have worn glas
- well tiH.wn	T win eye epe-
#01. if prescribed by them. ! bar# euccesefully la a; owe practice ee were et reined thi 1er misât gleeaaa. I earn bifMf It la case of week, watery arkiiig.
and work, and without them I

<
for diets
«ialleie end
|R verii
patiente Wticse eye#
Hopeful Dorothy.
vWhat’* your name, Uttl# girl?” “Dorothy.*
“But what’s your lsit name?”
“I don't know what it will be. I'm
not married yet"
Use all the cereal foods possible. Their protein it quite me valuable sa animal food protein, and cheaper.

The
¦SMmsilBSmmmÉmBMMp
k'

v pi?
X:
\X '
long d!stance glaaeee neat the fluttering 1er
Hr
I
c for tbe eyeball 1 tarif the
lag me e t
«

-
ax assure ta emebe of the very lew I
the afreet now, which
nd. It Ie o® ••• ¦ should b#
t
me
t ee head fee fW
of dlsrarded gla
I 1
rat
t every family
la elm
In bad
>y Joy «t
My eyea
N
Mr.r to whet It ha a done for It Is
S D
Ml*. 1m* or
fer
fit 1
ett
thel thow can mow discard t and multitude#
f
g*. Tbe meanfect i rfeelgbt 90 per t in see w
1
-Opto need
a awrprietnf see rha
r.| i n m a
nuaf i
, «
Ie a
,wt«L
• r
Grape-Nuts
1 #
tlone ay eye#

•Me tt
eegt
to strentthen tbalr eye# ee as to be
I r

all good druggie ta. 1er lading
EH rra. also by U. Tnmblye aai
of
Setting
tbe trouble
u n <-v. i
* »
•17.
ISSUE
[ED. 7.
###PAGE###4###
>
SHATTUCK CAVE.
DECORATING A ROOM.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
SHAWVILLE :
THE EQUITY.
A Mine Chamber That Resembles a Picture of Fairyland.
A Mast in the Shattuvk rnlue In A niton», set for the purpose of bringing down ore, was responsible for the discovery of a remarkable cavern, now known as Shattuvk cave, which has yielded unusual mineral specimens, some of the lluost of which have liven added to the collection at the Michigan
Touches That Tell In Making It Her-monious and Artistic.
#
i
SHAWVILLE. JULY 5, 1917.
n
One of the things to remember In planning n new house Is that the walla should be the background of the room, and therefore that It is a mistake to select paper that dlls up the room before anything else has been put In. The beat thing to do la to choose a neutral tint and get your color scheme oltege Of Mines	through the hangings find furnishings.
When the miner who had been work- tho room la dark choose a tan or lug in that part of the 800 foot level re- gray ,>npor wlth a pinkish or yellow turned with the night shift he found t|nge; jf sunny let tho gray or n great opeblug that reached farther tnn be ft blue or green cost Then than his light could penetrate. Look- ^ ** j8 n blue room you have decided lug upward, he could see tiny lights UpOU choose a rug with blue prodomi-flashing, and. lu the belief that they nsHng, chintz overcurtntns with blues, were stars, he ran back to the shaft yellows and greens, a big dull blue and declared that lie had blasted a pottery vase for the lamp with n blue hole clear through to the surface.	and yellow Japanese shade for the
On investigating the mine official table, one chair upholstered with the found that the blast had opened a -binta and another with plain blue great circular cavern 34,1 feet In dlam* au,j you have a blue room that you cter and 175 feet high, which seemed WU1 not tire of In n week or a month, like a piece of fairyland. On the roof u<h1, tho professional decorators say, myriads of crystals reflected tho i$, the least cheerful color there Is and lights from the miners' lamps. Tho can only be effective if used very spar-walls. the roof and the floor were coy- ingly. It fairly cats up the light A ered with great clusters of crystals, red shade on tho desk lamp, a red and near the center of the cavern a cricket, a red Japanese bowl on the mass of stalactites, forty feet long.
Lawrence Ten riff ' hung from the celling like a great
chandelier.
For the most part the crystals were

O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. Hoduinh, Rcc.-Secy.
r
It wax stated in reply to an inquiry in the House of Commons last week ib it the Government, in its various de jKirtinonts, is now employing	re
i nrned soldiers who have done their hit at the front
G. G. MuDowism W. M.
I (). h. N'> - m i - 1st Tuesday of each mont h.
RdwaRI) DàLB XV. M.
5 S Si,

Reo. Kodoinh, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
II n BoDoyte,
XV. Couip. In Coin



IL
V ~
•mb

.V	V \ S'v V
%


Rko. Homins,
Com. Scribe.
% ^



tiled labor
Wphon V m ille, the
ivsvntatix e in the House of Commons,
SOI
A:


.




warns the Government that if Cousvrilises, there will be a general strike • -I the organized working men of Cana-\ go< »d many people, however, are of opinion that Mr. Ver ville doe* not n-present the views of the majority of
this country.

PUBLIC NOTICE


»
pa
in mm ut
%

Province of Quebec School Municipality of Shuwville.
Public notice is hereby given that there will lie held, un Monday, the 9th day of July, 1917, at the hour of ten in the morning, in Hynes’ hall in the village of Shawville, a meeting of the proprietor» of real estate of this municipality of Shawville, entered aa such on the valuation roll, ami having paid all their school taxes and other contributions, to proceed with the election of t wo School t\numissioi i in the room m l >trad of J. II Slmw and K \\ Ibulgiiis, whose term of office expires.
Given at Shawville, the 20th day of June, 1917.

'
11
V
I
1
t
U l
SHAWVILLE ACADEMY.
lu discussing the question of 1 Glasgow a few days ago, Premier Lloyd
!
Report of June Examinations.
<iv««rge said that if the war should 1 1 tided
3ark bookcase or Ju.it a scarlet quill pen on the desk may be all you need to give exactly tho right note of color. -New York Sun.
i single hour before the lied powers reached the end they set it to attain at the beginning of the
'
Names in order of merit)
Graph II, Jr
Verna Prow idee, Borden Ibxlgins, Mar uvt i alii well, Lon ni* I >a1e.
... ,	. , ,,, , pure White, but in places where the
Maitland, .Ivan Fnmig.m. Arthur'HIf flltcrlng wa,cre bad conUlned lron nmt gins Erminiv Kelley, Edith Caldwell,
Mvll>a Hndgins Laura Baker, Carroll
—- '• - •—»«*
Tucker, Norn a Smith, Jimmie Rennick ^^gonauc
( •rapk VII. Violet Smith, Lillian Lila McDowell, Verna M
Maud llodgins, Irene Black, Vera \l. Ik>well.
Hodgins
xx tr, it would be the greatest disaster Knight, r befell mankind
G it\nr. II, Sr
TRUSTFUL HUMANITY.
The British ( Maire T!
tl
E. T. HODOIN8,
Sec.-Treasurer, School Mu. of Shawville
nas
VVi
roppcr great transparent stalactites and stalagmites, some ruby red. others i clear emerald green or azure blue.
Premier has examined tlie situation as Grape VI. — Ivy Millar, Liwrenee
I'losely as any man living today, and he | Morrison, Grave Hamilton, Percy XX ilkie
Arthur Argue, Myrtle Dale, Charlie Dagg, Avalaiii Findlay.
losing all that the allies have staked in I }(;^iY the war
We Often Place Greet Reliance In People We Do Not Know.
Taken acutely 111 In the midst of a long Journey, wo accept tho ministrations of a fellow traveler whom we have never seen before, but who says that he is a physician.
Even the prescription given ns by ont family doctor is liable to be filled by an unknown compounding clerk, yet we swallow unquostlonlngly whatever he hands us In bottle or box.
Wo hall a passing cab to ta we us to our destination in tho middle of the night, feeling no alarm lest the driver be In league with a gang of footpads.
Babylonian captivity and Is still treas- We send our cash deposit to the : red by orthodox Hebrews In many bank by the hand of a messenger con-
rernlng whose virtues we
In appearance the fruit greatly re- guaranty beyond the fact that thus far •ombles the lemon, and It possesses n we have not found him light fingered, strong and agreeable perfume. The We add our names to this and that tree itself Is a variety of citron and petition on the say so of some one who \ I belongs to the citrus family, of which may or may not, for all wo are aware, the orange and grapefruit are mem have an ulterior and Illegitimate intertiers.	est in swelling his list and we sign
Nearly all of the esrogs. or cédrats, letters and other documents which we is they are sometimes called, are have only hurriedly skimmed over In xrown in Palestine and on islands near their final draft and In which our tired the const of Greece. In those localities copyist may have embalmed an error the groves are planted In sheltered val- fatal to our purpose.—Atlantic Monthly, eys, where the trees will be safe from frost and drying winds.
Great care Is used to protect the Grace Harris, Lav in a fruit from the time of blooming until (Jason Cunningham did not it is sold. The young fruit is tenderly
wrapped In soft lint, lest It be marred Verna (art man, Bessie by a scratch or blemish, and when ma-
ured It Is carefully packed In a specially constructed box with individual lined compartments. For religious purposes it is essential that the fruit be free from blemishes. Even the delicate stamens must be preserved intact.
Birdie —Country Gentleman.
that to agree to a false or prévit ure t«eace would Ik* equivalent to
real iz
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Ellen Chisnell, Wumifred
on, Josephene Barnett, Alma II PrimkrSk. Ormistun Hades, Nil Brownlee, Gladys Hudgins, Sadie Ken- lie liaison, Hi lien Lmgford, Blanchi nick, Melvyti Armstrong, Lillian Dale, Hudgins. Donald Mediae Willie McKinley
SACRED JEWISH FRUIT.
Extreme Care Taken In Growing and Protecting the Esrog.
The esrog or sacred Jewish citron Is me of the costliest and most Interesting and yet one of the least known fruits to he found In the markets of ?he world. It has been used by the Jews In connection with the Feast of Tabernacles since tho time of the
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday, Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
Austin
Elmside
II Primer, Jr.—Jackie Boles, Annie
.......	.... McCollum, Melvyn Sheppard, Berta
lbh gins, Inuh‘1 Mytallum. l\;iililovti Draptr, Olive Dagg, Arlene Wilson lliHigins, Siiiutford Hodgins, W mmfred -	.
Armstrong, Clara Strutt, Gladys Strutt, , * Primer Kemmis Elliott, Kathleen
Marjorie Imison, Rosa McCallum, Bor Kelley, Maynard Burton, situation confronting Canada in |dei Con can, Basil Caldwell, Russell
Findlay, Georgina Wain man, Evelyn Howard
The First Plans of tho New Food Controller
Grape IV.— W in nit red Comdly, Amy
The first plans of the Food Controller Hon. W. J. Hanna, in meeting the seri-
- First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
• First Friday,
Pi PILA prom Kvral Schools
mile
i e
Grade viii
Gladys Dean, Archie
Orxpe III.—Lilias Finnigan, Violet ’ Narris, Annie Stark, (No. 3, Claron-Armstrong, Agatlm Sheppard, Samuel (^m)-
McCallum, Verna Strutt, Charles Pus- Grade vii. —'Mary Young, (No. 1, selwhite. Charles Imison, Lizzie Cuth- Bristol); Edna Thompson, Gertrude liertson, Vincent Chisnell, Doris llinl- Draper, (No. 2, Clarendon), gins, Opal Langford, Willie Fyfe, Eva Grade vi.— Elvyn Corrigan, (No. 4, Black, Gilbert Armstrong, Nina Black, Clarendon); Mildred Wilson, (No. ! reation of organ-1 Ebert Hamilton, Leslie Dale, Elinor Clarendon); Edgar Drajter, Sarah 1I«k1-ist the F 11 Smith, Hawley Black, Lura Wain man, * gins, (No. 4, Clarendon); Edwin Alex i Broiler in increasing and conserving I Maumm L ni«'k, Emily Barnett
the f«>od supplies	=——-------------—— -—
Maximum production.
The largest jtossible consumption of perishable fotnl stuff* in order to liberate e storable foods for transportât ion.
The adoption of war menus.
prevention of food waste.
Wyman
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday,
of each month.
I
to un tries
t*
T1
Hie utilizati«*ii and ,1 vol
teer bodies to
CLEAN UP SALE
Vss
intlcr (No. 5, Clarendon)

New Express Cream Separator Singer Sewing Machine The above must be cleared out and most liberal terms will be
given.
No. Clarkndon.
(Names in order of merit).
Grade vii.— Beatrice Kulford.
Grade vi.—Lila Dean. Elizabeth liar
JUNE EXAMINATIONS
Report of District Schools
Bristol School Commissioners
Measuring a Snowfall.
The snowfall on mountains Is estimated In a number of ways. One method Is to measure the height accumulated on a board one meter square supported one meter above the ground, tnd then sliding It Into a zinc tank for letermlning the water It makes on melting. Another type of Instrument s a tube which is pushed down •lirough the snow, then closed at tho >ottom by a shovel to retain the con-ents of the tube on withdrawal In -emote places, visited only at considerable intervals, the snow Is collected lrr . .. ,	^	,	. ,	.,
.-osas
aïss-js L°ÿj±àws
hloride hastens the melting of the ||imit two calendar months from
date of sale.
0 A. HOWARD.
n<
(Names in order of merit.) No. S. CLARENDON.
Bristol, June 2G, 1917. The Bristol School Commissioners •t on the nlxive date. Present, Chair-
and C«uninisdoners Cimp-Horner ! McLeod.
Minutes of last meeting read and ad ptod on motion ot Com r Campbell.
Moved by Comr. Horner that the application of Miss M. A. Morrison for ). .*» School l*o accepted.
Moved by Comr McLeod that Mr. E. M nights l»e appointed auditor for this Commission.
Moved bv Comr Campliell that the following bills lie paid :
C. Young, tiring No. l School 8 5 00 4 r. F. Hodgin* Co., 10 bags cement G 88
Freight on above to Wyman Mrs. N. Cole, work at No. r>
Drummond, sweeping No. 4,
L Henderson, firing No. 3.
K, ( oughlin, sweeping No. 3,
L A. Co wan. advt for teachers L\ < L H"dgm<, Mooring for Nos
i i and •;
Moved by Comr» McLeod that Comr» Campbell and Horner inspect No. 6 Echool and advise the caretaker, Mr. J. Marks what lvpairs to have made on • 1 building.
Moved by Comr Horner that this board do now adjourn.
Grade v Leitch write).
Grade i\
Stark. Asa Smart, Basil Jobncox, Clifford Fultord.
( irade iii.- fvermis Barr, Amy Dean, Willie Smart, Bernice Lynch, Margaret Wharrey, All»ert Stark.
Grade ii.—Beula Barr, Lennis Fui-ford and Mona Barr, equal Dean, Bernice Acres, Arthur Lynch, Beulah Harris, John Johncox, Blanche Cart man, Harold Cotie, Alton Stark, Robbie Cart man.
CANADIAN
PACI FIC
RAILWAY 00.
Homeseekers*
Excursions
Grade vii — Jean Cameron, Annie Somerville.
Grade v.—Edith Pirie.
Grade iv. Stella Brownlee, Gladys
R< ibitaille.
G rade iii, Sr.—Myrtle Somerville, -1 "hi: Wallace.
Grade iii, Jr.—Arthur McGuire, Y U‘l Bn ‘wultv, Elwood Cameron—(pa> 1 on trial).
Grade ii. Si
R

X
Great Yellowstone Trail.
The Yellowstone trail is one of the wonders and one of the cariosities of the west. It starts somewhere east of 3L Paul, and It ends somewhere west of the Yellowstone National park. At Intervals along the route there are places where the trail forks and the nnoceut wayfarer will have to do some thinking and make some inquiries as to which Is “the really truly Yelow-stone*' and which Is the side track.
Mary Wallace
Xdelint
Somerville.
Grade ii, Jr.—Donald Cameron, Mary Cameron, Herl»ert Robitaille.
M. Ai i e M<CltTBK,
M. Duffy,
A. Hi mi;
Teachers
70
Teacher
11 50
7 00 3 00 3 50 1 0«>
mow.
Nominations now Pouring in Exhibition Races.
No
Clarendon
For further particular* apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shawville.
About the Same Thing.
An old colored uncle was found by he prone her prowling In hie barnyard ate one ulgbt
“Uncle Calhoun.- said the preacher
(Figures denote |*ercentage).
( Ir ul.' x ii. The»ma> Sheppard, 72 ( î rade vi
Although the date for the closing of entries for the purses and classes to be decided in connection with the Central Canada Exhibition Association’s Fair at Lansdowne Park in September have not yet closed, assurances have already lieen received that the entry lists will break all records. The Fair dates are Sept. 14 to 15 and some of the leading har-
(all promoted) — Elvyti Corrigan, 74 ; Mildred Wilson, 62 ; El-win Alexander, 59 ; Milburn Hudgins
36 75
This uncertainty, however. Is a part of the joy of the trail and adds greatly dernly, “it can’t be good for your
heumntlsm to be prowling round here
n the rain and cold/'
r. r
to the attractiveness of a trip over It— •uting.
1,1
Grade v, Sr.—(all promoted)—'Wallace Wilson, 82 ; Wendell Wilson, 81 ; m 1	-r, (
< #rade \ Ada Wils< »n, 61 ; N< i ma Wilson, 43 Grade iv
Grade iii. Sr. (all promoted) Beu lah Wilson, Knna Corrigan, Ena Elliott Grade iii, Jr.—Alfredda Elliott, Mel
“Doctor's orders, sah." the old man mswered.
“Doctor’s orders 7’ an Id the preacher. ‘Did he tell yon to go prowling round ill night7’
“No, aah, not exactly, ssh," said T7n-?le Cal. “but he done ordered me chick-;n hroth/’-CWcago News.
Synopsisof Canadian Month West Land Regulations
True Patriotism.
Patriotism, like religion, Is a matter ness stables on trie continent will ship Ng service, of lifting others by lifting
their horses here for the occasion. Pro- Up ourselves. Patriotism la love of sent indications, in fart, point to the country, love of one's fellow men, love meeting l*ing the most successful in Lf honesty, of purity, of decency, of the history of the Central Canada hair. Uourage. of fairness, and he whose pa-Many are already in the hands of Secre- trlotlsm does not include these is Grade ii.—Wesley Dagg (promoted); tary J. K. l’aisley. Uth Secretary I*.vis- patriot and he should go away back Willard Elliott, Norval Wilson.	ley and Chairman Walter Cunningham | md sit down when public issues
Grade i, Sr.— Marion Fraser.	arc greatly pleased over the patronage Up. |n the nature of things, a grab-
Grade i, Jr.—Winnifred Wilson, Sadie extended by the horsemen throughout ¦ t>er, n Jingo or a spoilsman cannot be I , Heman McDowell.	Can ,1, md the United h	11 patriot.—Ohio State JournaL
Siiecial prize for most regular attend- making every effort to have everything Wallace Wilson.	in readiness for the meeting and to take
¦Though war Jias not been declared, I Medal for most perfect lessons	U*arc of all the horsemen,
the Greek Government considers that a Grade vi Edwin Alexander, f war exists since its advent to Grade %
The recall of the	îv.-Norma Hodgins.
Greek diplomatic representatives accre- Grade iii. Ena Elliott, ditml to the Central Powers and their I Grade ii. Wesley Dagg. ie* is imminent.
WHAT OREECE THROWS INTO THE
BALANCE
G. T. Drummond,
Svc.-Trvas
Harold Wilson
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Im» a
or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in person at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must lie made certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upoo asd cultivation of land in each of tn In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. ITiee #3.00 per acre. Duties— Reside six months in each of throe years after earning homestead ;*tent and cultivate 60 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead ilatent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a ;»re emotion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 |*r acre. Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holder* of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties un. der certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive day priority in applying for entry at local Agent's office (but not Sub-Agency). Discharge papers must be presented to A#mt.
since continued to
New Government of Greece ville Nlyt
no
Antiquity of Engraving.
Gems were engraved at a very early >eriod of the world's history. The very >ldcst specimen of this art In existence s believed to be a square signet of yel-ow Jasper engraved In tho year 1450 R. C. and now In the British museum, rhe engraving upon It Is a fair picture )f the horse of Amcnophis II., and tho characters underneath have been deciphered ns being the names and titles >f that monarch.
Breaks witti Germany
are
\ despatch from Athens dated June wavs the Greek Government has malic relations with Gvr-y. Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria and


i
on
The Sting.
A pert young miss said to old Oobsa
Solde s heiress, the aging Lotts:
“Your fiance, darling, is going round
telling everybody that you're worth
Strayed from A. E. Gayler pasture. 2nd [four weight in gold.” range. Clarendon, a yearling steer, sort of
. V • i . • . . . ™ ... g ! .ui roan color ; (white with «mail red spots).
A sjenai prize xxas also gi'en for tin t Any information regarding him, or that .
highest marks on written exams, in each | will lead to his recovery will be thank- | loes he tell it to, do you know ?”
fully received by the owner
Turkey
anct
reo years.
Steer Astray
Wallace Wilson

r on the 28th
“The foolish boy,” said the elderly heiress, blushing for pleasure. “Who
Blamed the Hen.
Jimmy was on his first visit to the country. Somehow he gained the impression that the hens laid everything ibont the place. He was discovered id miring a huge pumpkin.
“What Is that, Jimmy 7" his mother nqnlred. testing his knowledge of hinge agricultural
“I don't know what It to,” Jimmy retiled. “All I know Is that a hen laid t”—Indiana polls News.
Ml
“Why/’ said the other girl "to all ils creditors, of course!”—Washington
of Grade» vii. vi, v, iv, iii.
Total number of pupil* enrolled, 28 Av. daily attendance for year, 20.
Mari; % ret Harkxram,
ALEX. BEAN
A population of 4,363,000. An area of 41.H30 mp mile*.
Three cruisers launched in 1899.
Two battlcd*i;w launched respectively in 1910 and 1914.
Fourteen destnycr*. Seven nu-den. i	School No. 6. Rbwtol.
Five reconstructed torpedo boat*.	(Name* in order of merit).
Two submarines.	Grade viii—Ruby Rom,
An army of eleven divisions, each Grade vii—Alice Manary division consisting of three regiments of tirade v -Alvin Nicholson, James three battalions of infantry.	McGillis,	Erwin Rom*.
In addition Greece has four field ar- Grade iv—Lloyd Ross, tillcry regiments of 26 lotteries all told. Grade iii—Echlin Mansry. and two regiments of mounted artillery tirade ii Stephen Fitzsimmons, Wal-of H batteries ; also 3 heavy batteries lare McGillis. Freddie Thomson.
There are 3 cavalry regiments of 161 Grade ii 1‘nmer- Haney I toss, squadrons all told.	I Grade i Primer -Evelyn Manarj
During the Turkish war the Greek ! Attendance -Alvin Nicholson, Echlin navy displayed considerable initiative Manary, Lloyd Row.	I \ registered Durham Bull. Service
and skill, and naval experts declare that Number enrolled 18 ; Average atten-( fee, |1,S0. Apply to ii w*mld beeome a 1	:	11
Warfare in the Mediterranean.
Star.
Dog Astray
Collie, spotted black and white Answer* to name of “Roger.” Any in formation leading to his where*bo will beghankfully received.
JA8. F. KELLY,
Green Like.
K
Teacher
Then He Sulked.
“Mrs. Guschley remarked to me that It most be pleasant to be married to i clever man," said Proudley's wlfa
“And what did you say?” queried Proud ley.
“I told her, of course, that I didn't mow; that 1 had only been married
uts
He Hedged a Bit.
“Darling. If you bad It to do all over igain would you still want to marry ne 7'
My dear, If I had It to do over again rod decided to marry you would be
Shingles for Sale.
Brunswi-
Shingl« n hand for salt Apply to
H. T. ARGUE,
Shawville, if nr.
A car-load of New
Ne Need For Alarm.
“She asked me what I thought of
ruu.”
“Indeed r
one
But don't get frightened. I
For Service
lldn t tell her.”
W. W CORY,
in later of the Interior.
Deputy
| X. B.—Unauthorised publication of bis advert t will sot be ]*id for
W H. DOD8,
Maryland, Bristol.
It la at Its worst
G. P CoxoLLY, Teacher


70
###PAGE###5###
%
>
THE EQUITY,
A RECORD VOYAGE ! w
The
EAM 1
If
\ Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Pnbllehed every Thureday
\{ Shavm'lle, County Pontiac, Que.
r 1
Summer
Rush
4
/Vhen the Savannah Crossed the Atlantic to England.
.W,and raisej/çur cajves
4 y upon the skim milk ¦B An v quantity of cream " Ef will be tdhen!and the < 'highest price paid.
We


Subscription, |1 a Year in Advance
IW All arrears must be paid up before auy paper is discontinued.
L
\
CAUSED A REAL SENSATION.
Is on.
Now that the cool days of May and June are over, we look for a big rush in Mid-Summer Underwear.
0
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per fine or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch •Inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local Announcements Inserted at the •rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subséquent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
s
AN
! She Was the First Steamship to Dare the Hazardous Trip, and This Exhibition of Yankee Ingenuity Aroused the Wonder of All Europe.
The honor of first navigating the hen with u steamer belongs to on American, Colonel John Stevens of New fork. Transatlantic stcaui navigation fas long discussed before any one com t)lnlng fiulliclent skill w ith courage- and i spirit of adventure made tbe bold It tempt
The London Times In Its kwoe of May 11, 1810, thus announced the expected event: “Great Experiment.—A oew steam vessel of 300 tons has been built In New York for the express purpose of carrying passengers across the Atlantic. She is to come to Liverpool direct."
On the very day that this brief notice appeared the vessel referred to was visited by the president of the United States and suit and made a short trial trip previous to her departure on the hazardous voyage.
This steamer, named the Savannah, the first that crossed any of the oceans, was built at the city of New York by Francis Picket for Daniel Dodd She was launched on tbe 23d of August, 1818. She could carry only seventy-five tons of coal and twenty-five cords of wood The Savannah sailed from the city of Savannah. G a., on the 25th
Low Prices . .
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring- Trade.
4
We are prepared with ample stocks—The smartest and newest styles.
SILK GLOVES
JOB PRINTING.
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
Here they are : Gloves of pure silk, white or black, double woven tips for better wear, two dome fasteners.
v	75 cents a pair.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
SHAWYILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
UNDERWEAR
DR. A. H. BEERS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Ladies’ White Ribbed Cotton Undervests
in plain or fancy yoke styles with dainty trimmings and shaping strings. Eight special lines to respond to all
popular demands. 15, 17, 25, 35, 50, 55, 60, $1.
Drawers, closed and with wide umbrella knee, nicely trimmed with lace edgings. Two special lines
35 and 40 cents.
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbell* Hat - • Qr*.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.	,
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
«Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-meats ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending da Liverpoolb,)sbe rca^heiTthTiatter |purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
port on tbe 20th of June, having used | elsewhere, steam eighteen days out of tbe twenty-fix, and thus demonstrated tbe feasibility of transatlantic steam navigation.
As the Savannah approached Capo Clear, on the southern coast of Ireland, tnd smoke was seen to issue from her, it was nt first supposed that a sailing ressel was on fire, and one of the king's cutters was dispatched to her relief.
But great was their wonder at their inability, with all sail in a fast vessel, to come up with a ship under hare poles. After several shots were fired Trom the cutter the engine was stopped and the surprise of her crew at the mistake they had made, as weU is their curiosity to see tbe singular Yankee craft, can be easily Imagined.
They asked permission to go on board ind were much gratified by the Inspection of this "naval novelty." Upon approaching Liverpool hundreds of people came off In boats to see the Sa van-ialL On approaching the city the shipping piers and roofs of houses were thronged with persons cheering the adventurous craft Several naval officers, aoblemen and merchants from Lon-Ion came down to visit the boat and were very curious to ascertain her ipeed, destination and other particu-
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,----Que.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
YOUNG MEN.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Fresh New Shirts. Good Shirts are scarce, fast dyes are scarcer, but early buying has put us in a position to offer you a good shirt, 81.00, 1.25 and 1,50 each.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QVE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel\.
When you require Printing*
call at
C. F. HODCINS CO.
D- R. BARRY, K.C.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, AC-
FIRST BEAUTY DOCTOR. ~
•Office and Residence
Force of a Flying Bird.
The marvelous force with which # bird files was strikingly Illustrated recently when a partridge crashed
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
Campbells Bay, Que.
Exploits of Caglioetro, Who Trick** the Nobility of Europe.
wük°cZhrlty ’ wa 1" one'!Ulsamo To lhrou«l« big window of a country esta te. The window was glazed with
plate glass a quarter of an Inch thick.
The bird, which weighed twenty
ounces, was found dead in the living
room eleven feet from tbe window. 1
The impact of Its body broke a hole In
Visits Shawville every Saturday.
i
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
of a poor shopkeeper In Palermo, but i best known by bis assumed title ol 1 Count Alessandro dl Cagllostro. lie i was born in 1743 and was educated In i
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
•AivaoATi, Barrister,
196 Main St. - Hull.
a monastery. As a young man be
-1 r.tsasxr ; r-rss
feet square and close to tbe ground. It overlooks a large lawn, which at rertaln times In tbe day Is very vividly reflected in the glass. It Is thought that the bird was deceived by this reH flection into thinking it was flying through an opening. Nearly all of the broken glass was thrown Into the room.—Detroit Free Press.
ars.
During the sojourn of the Savannah it Liverpool the British public retarded the boat with suspicion, and the aewspapers of the day suggested the dea that "this steam operation may ao In some manner connected with the imhltious views of the United States.” Dne Journal recalling the fact that ferome Bonaparte had offered a large reward to any one who would succeed in rescuing his brother Napoleon 'rom St. Helena, surmised that the Savannah had this undertaking In
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
The pair then traveled over Europe under the names of Count and Coun- ' less Cagllostro, going about lu a magnificent coach and four and securing access to the highest society of the countries they visited. They made a
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE. I fortune by selling a “wine of Egypt,
disposed of in drops as being more Will l,e in Fort Coulongc every Wed-1 precious than nectar, the use of which «nesday and Shawville every Saturday.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
r
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
was alleged to restore vigor and youth and beauty to wornout and wrinkled
ô il	I ***** and women.	A Modern Mtthuselah.MHiHB|^|
DEVLIN St, MARIE & DUCLOS Tbe Countew Séraphin» adduced taw- *¦ the exil, or upper burial groan* Mew.
self as a living evidence of the efficacy i>f Germantown, there is a tombstone The Savannah remained twenty five of the elixir, averring that she was wh,ch Slves tbe age of him who lies lays at Liverpool and sailed for St. Pe-past sixty and had a son who was a ^neath It, one John Adam, as 909 ershurg on July 23, "getting under veteran soldier. The count claimed to rears The ^ords. I believe, show pray with steam” and "a large fleet of be an octogenarian. For years tbey.:hat h,s age was r,gbt,y *tity-nin* ' ressels In company.” The boat touched carried on a highly profitable trade In lnd tbe explanation given is that the ?n route at Copenhagen, where it ex-Egyptian drops, beauty waters, wrin- stonecutter cut his nine first and then died great curiosity, and also at Stock» kle eradicwtors and love philters, but at r°und he bad no room for his six. So 3o!m, where she was visited by the length, after long enjoying the favor 16 fll!ed ,n the n,ne w,th cement and , *oyal family.
of kings, princes and nobles, Caglios- ?ut	his first markings. Time On the 5th of September the steamer
tro was thrown Into prison and his	worn out the cement, reveals eft Stockholm. On the Oth she reached
wife confined In a convent, where both ,PParent,J the tomb of an ancient, fit Kronstadt, having used steam the
o be classed with those mentioned In [whole passage, and a few days later Genesis.-Philadelphia Ledger.
x Doors
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
*
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business In the
District of Pontiac,
HULL
Custom Sawing-.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
PUBLIC NOTICE

Surveying. Division and Subdivision of | died. Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, See.

"cached St Petersburg.
Here tbe vessel was visited by the Russian lord high admiral, Marcus de Trarys. and other distinguished mill-
i rsas issNHkaM
itadt The Savannah remained at St Ottawa until noon, on Friday, the 10th Petersburg until Oct. 10 and then set I August. 1917, for the conveyance of Him sail on her homeward voyage “In com- Majesty * Mails, on a proposed < ootrai t
,.ny with about right nil of ,bl,,plug." 1 ,or ,oar ^	on ,he roa,e
Nor. 30. and shortly afterward was ! from the 1st October next.	ation roll, andl having paid all their
SHHH55
x>unt of the greet tfre In Savannah her I of Shawville. and at the office of the Post Hubert «L Trac>, whose term of omee
>wners were compelled to sell her. and the was purchased to run as a packet between that - city and New York, whither she was hound when she was oet on tbe south side of Long Island.—
Philadelphia Press.
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday, the ninth day of July, 1917, at the hour of ten in the morning, at the office of the Aset.
. ARABIA’S DIVERTED RIVER.
Mail Contract
Executed carefully to the eatlefao
tlon of partie*.
Revenge.
EBsem
Joined by the Kanin, and the town of Mobemmerah stands at tbe Jonction of the two rivers, the former s clear * green stream, the latter thick and red.
In ancient times tbe Karon flowed into the golf and part of the river still
roni "loo* the old channel, but the	MvlHI . ..
and EMBALMING:£i.*
W. HAYES 1 KfiCSir¦ —" i“ “• — - —
It Is Impossible even to make a __
•t the date of this wonderful work. ^ Ve*ue R#<*uwt-. not even a tradition remaining of the ,JTrBt wae ratber ¦ *¦**« reqoert All calls will receive prompt per | ruler whose farsightedness realised i*JL*5Dt>r mnde of bis manager.”
W . t ‘l t U :t m Jt T
"He asked tbe
Hull.
Irt2 Wetlixoton St
Phone : Queen 5£K).
Secretary Treasurer in the village of Shawville, a meeting of the proprietors of real estate of this municqw&lity of Clarendon, entered as such on the valu-
GEORGE HYNES
Shawville R. R. No. 1
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
-Ife.
It Was Herr Hying.
Miss Verra plain was mken to tbe hospital this afternoon. Mrs. Kne
enow she was ill. Mr. Knewsee-Shs
Office Inspector, Ottawa. Pont Office Inspector's Office Ottawa, J une 2$. 1917.
Given at Shawville this 8th day of June, 1917.
PamnaUttention.Openall hours
Mr. Kne
i
P. F. COOLICAN.
Poet Office Inspector.
M. A. McKINLEY,
Asst. Sec. Tress., School Mu. of Clarendon.
Dear, dear, I didn’t
UNDERTAKING
THEY CANNOT CARRY ON THE WAR
WITHOUT AMMUNITION.
Teachers Wanted.
Securing a Prisoner.
A sheriff, annoyed by the crowd which follows when a prisoner U taken Along n public thoroughfare handcuffed to a policeman, devised a simple way )f handcuffing a prisoner so that be ran be taken through a crowd with* >ut every one being aware that be Is really In shackles. Instead of locking the prisoner to the officer, tbe prisoner la handcuffed to a heavily laden suit* which be Is required to carry.
SHAWVILLE
Five qualified Teacher* are still required by the Clarendon School Hoard. Applications for the vacant joaitlons will be received by the undersigned up ^atufdsx ie lfltli
M. A. McKINLEY.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
How will y oar wife and little ones face the battle» of life when you are not there to supply what is necessary I
The best possible answer Is :
the enormous value and possibilities of
aortal attention
nager to Indorse Baltimore American.
Alexander the Great has been su* *** rested, but apparently for no other than that he Is a convenient
Asst. Sec. Tress.
? A’

A CONFEDERATION LIFE-POLICY.
FOR SALE
• ’I
I
The suitcase is filled * i"i hrl. ks mod | Poll, y Contract today, weighs from twenty to fifty pounds, making escape very difficult—Detroit
¦i ¦ I Jil	I	»mbinon» enterprise and that one of	from hie young wife. On what
V' i r.’- ,-f II.« V, mostly clover.
K W. HUDGINS,
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent,
SbawvilkL

###PAGE###6###
BRITISH ADVANCE
IN THE EAST
WARNING TO RUSSIA.
FISHING BY KITR.
A Great Remedy
IX R. HRNDRRBON e Herb Treat-tnent (tablets), the rreat blood purifier, will cure rheumatism, constipation. soie ma. kidney, liver, stomach and female troubles. Price II.
w.. 1 T| Hpadlna Ave. Toronto.
Mini
Figure* Which Show the Menace That Threatens the New Democracy.
Some Modern Use# of One of the Oldest Toys In the World.
II
Monsieur Andre Cheradame has addressed to the Extreme Wing of
Ru*elen Revolutionists e very etrlkinl |CRUSA,)ERS ,N KHAKI MARCHwarning In figures, which the New Europe translates from L'Information.
He points out that peace on the military basis of this moment, so far from satisfying the new democracy of Rus-1 It# Capture Would Lead to the End of
up a new
ace on their borders In the shape of a German power whose political, economic, and military ascendancy over the eastern half of Europe would be complete. The point is driven home in the following table:—
Pan-Germanism in 1917.
\ Population.
L—THE MASTERS.
The kite is one of the oldest toys In the world. It appears to have had its origin in China, where for thousands of years kite flying has been the fav-
tznL'*zpoum,s	R=
One of	the	most	important	parts	of	* ^hen we see the easing in cross-	and other Eastern lauds kite flying
the	car,	and	the	one	which	is	most	section we realize that it is far from	has long ago made its way to all
— S iFHE'HPlH 125B ™ r .rs
The steel rim on the cart wheel,	,	?««•.?her The Dart that ! kites as plain and simple as those
touches the ground is called the	which Canadian boys fly. The kites
“tread " It may he smooth, which	are of many shapes and sizes. Most
‘ that it will slip readily when	of them represent a bird, or a fish, or
y# vered	a dragon, <»r some other curious im-
The frame-work
Tit

1NG ON JERUSALEM
$2,500,000 IN LOST LETTERS
llow Tires Are Made
Circumstances Which Contribute to the Los# of Mall Matter.
German Control of the Holy Land.
Of the thousands of letters and postcards which fall to reach t"*" destination, it Is safe to may that the Post Office ia to blame In less than one In every thousand instances.
Every year thousands of missives are posted without address, win le many others are never posted at all. Quite a number are found in the books of free libraries, the senders slipping them Inside, and then forgetting them.
In one year in England alone Kg 600.000 in the shape of cheques, money and postal-orders, hills, and banknotes were found in letters which 7. j unaddressed, or addressed In such a careless manner that the per-for whom they were intended
could not be discovered.
A funny result of insufficient addresses once occurred at Oxford. The secretary of a 'Varsity society sent out notices of a meeting to the members; but instead of writing the name of the college in full, and adding “Local," he merely wrote the college
¦Bill
One of the recognised necessities in . The wrist watch, which rose so high I Ending coun!ÏÎ,Ïng Z'Te ! of letters. Lion, stUl . nulwnc*
connection with our increased agricul- >n P0Pul“rltiy on*CCOUnt °/,.the en" their eyes will rest upon the slender in some parts of Africa. »nd a few tural production is better and more dorsement given ,t by men of the army mjnaret lhe domes of mosques and months ago the Governor of Nyas*.
CÆSrtÆ fc'srta	- ! rtrattsr vsa ssjsr- .............................. •— - FFFd
Interesting Incident of the Stevenson Rosebery, at the beginning of his ad- 0f electricity should be considered. thl8 18 not	®	. th -J The strategic value of the Holy llon8- The samc g
sa rrims ftsrSSaL-urs rzis - w-a
Although the mother of Robert to bow with courtly deference to her. time to the farm help. The farm or grapnel	captured Bagdad. Its greater mill-1 8ct th® regular deliv en of tlu mai.,
Louis Stevenson was ordinarily shy ye bad to pause and to engage other country home situated within the area . e exPose< ea ® .e,y	. tary importance belonged to the days ono charging a mo or x»n in	’
and retiring of manner, as she had eye8 us we]| as his own before he 0f an electric system of transmission .e *7? scaring e	a	when it was on the crossroads trav- and damaging l o sue an
been taught that all ladies should he, found to which side Robert Louis's or distribution is fortunate, but ths fll 8, 0 . ro	the w un Is ailed by Persians, Saracens, Romans,
there was one occurrence that made mother had unobtrusively withdrawn, vast majority must look to the small q.’	b: u	hniH first days when warriors of empires
her conspicuous but that greatly Mrs. Stevenson was all aglow; she isolated plant.	.	. J	, . »	* th , long past battered at its mighty walls,
pleased her. Mrs. Stevenson was was visibly overcome by the unexpect-	This alternative, however, is now	?.Ce, H . ^ of leather The loon	Jerusalem	would be	valuable
twenty years her son’s senior, says etjly large crowd and its tremendous	much more promising than a few	, .’y norket into which the watch fruits	of victory.	It would	give to
Miss Evelyn Blantyre Simpson in enthusiasm. For once her usual calm years ago. Many factories manufac-	The front surface >f the pocket ita caPtor8 a hold upon Bethlehem
.....mm	mmm
turned a deaf ear to the names they C ontained Explosives and Dangerous poses in addition to lighting, such as ba top-downward, but when the would be able more easily to effect lrjto A mpa y>	1
gave, and announced them as Mr. and	Germs.	ironing, washing, toasting, pumping wearer raises It in his hand or glances * military penetration that would Maidstone.
Miss Stevenson	An amazing collection of bombs, water, etc.; and also for the very im- down at it a8 it hangs from lhe belt I place in their hands Nazareth, Mount
This “young lady outlived her , bacim ()f dea<jl diaeases and other fortant use of barging storage bat- % ig in juat the proper position to be Carmel, the Sea of Galilee and the literary son, and so was able to enjoy	of death and destruction has ter"‘s-	,	,	„ read. If it should happen to be ihat- regions to the north. This would
much of his fame. The Stevenson !been wize<1 . authorities at Chris-	/here are a number of these small	^red by a bullet the particles of glass effectually end the kaisers	control
Memorial meeting was the occasion U .g recently as part of the baggage	p,anU now on the Canadian market,	or metal would be caught and held in of the	Holy Land;	it would be a more
on which she became conspicuous of Bgron von	Rogen a Swedish noble-	ranging in size from 176 watte, and leather case, so	that they would do	serious blow to his schemes of ex-
against her will. She started for the man allege<1	to l)C a German agent.	™Btlng from $300 uPward- Slx dlf*	no harm. Many	a fighter has had	pension than the loss of a colony,
music hall not too early, feeling secure The baron fled to Norway in January,! "^ent types were described in a re- to thank the watch on his wrist for Replace the Crescent by the Cross, of a seat with a “reserve ticket" in after his avtivities aroused the Swed- ! c!nt electrical magazine, some using topping a bullet that might have It would have, too, the great sen-her neatly gloved hand. When some	ish authorities. He was arrested,	I Rforagv lotteries ln conjunction, and	necessitated the loss of an arm. The	' timental value of restoring the con-
one asked if she were going on the	but as be coUjd not be convicted of	generally using a gasolene engine as	very fact that the upside-down watch	trol of the sacred places of the Holy
platform, she replied emphatically in	violating any Norwegian law he waé	a pr,n?e mover- They are usually	ig carried against a more vulnerable	Land to Christianity. For 673 years
the negative. She had early Victorian released with	a warning to leave.	operated at a very low voltage. These	part Gf the body	than is the wrist	the Holy City of Christianity has
ideas as to platforms being proper | After the baron was ordered out of	smaI1 plants are perfectly safe, so far	watch, makes it all	the more valuable	been under the Moslem rule, and ex-
only for the sterner sex. She wished	Norway those portions of his baggage	ae the hand,,ng of the electric energy	as a protective medium. It may be	cept for the attempt of Napoleon I.	Her	arm	is	strong, her word is true,
to sit unnoticed in the audience.	which had not been seized in Sweden	18 concerned.	worn under the cartridge belt.	a century ago, no nation until the	But	she may ask your life of	you.
Among the	--- +-------- -----------------------+------ present time has made a serious mili-
ations. Mrs. Stevenson arrived to find articles found were cans of explosives	mwnc at pvvMivn	iai> tv’Q	rmtAI	HFDS	tary	effort	to	break	this	rule	or to
every passage blocked and a surging marked “table salt," bottles marked	B,KI)S Af EVENIN0-	JAPANS	CORAL	BfcDS.	rcgtore	it	to	the	Christian	world.
mass at the main entrance clamoring “mouth wash" containing cultures of	When	the rocks fly homeward, and the
for admittance. She feared that she,	dangerous bacilli, boxes of	lump su-	trulls are following high,
with them, should be turned away;	gar, each lump concealing a	small vial	And the grey feet of the silence
but, as a forlorn hope, she appealed	filled with bacilli of anthrax	or gland-	with a silver dream are shod,
ers, and explosive pencils.	|	I wind me of the little wings abroad
This latter articles has the appear-	in çvery sky
serve seats ta'en an hour ago by folks ance of an ordinary pencil, but if Who seek their sleep of God. that had nae tickets, and they would sharpened a drop of acid concealed in
na gang out."	a tube is released and, acting on other When the dove is hidden, and the dew
“I must get in!" cried Mrs. Steven- concealed chemicals, causes an explos-	is white on the com,
I’ve a right to get in! I am ion sufficient to maim or perhaps kill	And	the dark bee in the heather, and
the sharpener.	the shepherd with the sheep,
The revelations have aroused great I mind me of the little wings in the
elm-oak and the thorn W ho take of Him their sleep.
WTien the brier closes and the iris-flower is furled,
And over the edge of the evening the martin knows her nest,
I mind me of the little hearts abroad in all the world Who And in Him their rest.
—Marjorie Pickthall.
The steady advance of the British from the Suez north, past Gaza and along the Palestine coast, has brought them almost within striking distance of Jerusalem. The Turks’ earlier intention of offering no serious resist-has been changed under Ger-
t i re
is chiefly for protection, as it prevents the felloe from being damaged by contact with the road
has another import* nt function to per form
The rubber tire
means
_	.	,, the road ia wet, or it may
It protects the passengers and I ... -ejection, of various kinds aginary monster mechanism from shock by smoothing ^ afv ^tended to pass through is commonly made of bamboo, and the out the small inequalities of the road. " 1 ft mU(1 ftnd grip tbe hard ground covering is colored paper, or, in case
!LZ ‘Si Z :s Z3TJ5Ï “	Cw:'.CA"LZ",he ““
lifted that distance in order to pass 8 nvncath the tread Is a strip called The grown-up people have kite flyover it. This shock may be partly «breaker strip." supported by a : tng festivals in which all the people taken up by the springs, but some of .	f ,‘0ft rubber called the “cushion of the village join. On such occa-
it is always transmitted to the pas- •	„ xhese act together to pre- sions some of the kites are of great
sengers and mechanism. The pneu- JJ/ ' unvturv‘ The point of n tack size and most elaborate. Nor are matic tire does not lift the wheel pass-	through the tread must pass the people content with kite flying
ing over the small obstructions, but throllgb the breaker strip before it can simply as a pastime. They have is dented, the rubber and air yielding u,trat€ tbe vitai part of the shoe, contests that rouse great interest — enough to allow the wheel to pass on / tbe strjp tough and is support- contests in which one person tries to smoothly. Thus we literally “ride on on a yielding surface, it frequently | keep his kite in the air longer than air.’* The shock of a steel tire on a vs e8 |njury and so protects the his rival can, or contests in which one v.gvn meeting a small stone is not |avers beneath it. These layers are person tries to make his kite bring great, ns the vehicle does not travel eaj|et| tbv “fabric,” and consist of the down or destroy the kite of the other, very fast, but on the automobile .	ade 0f close-woven canvas, In our times the kite has become a
traveling at the usual -ate it would J fr*m Seu i,land cotton, which g.ve too hard a blow.	has the longe,t staple (fibre) of any
The present type of pneumatic tire cotton jn the world has been evolved after years of expert- carefuny inspected, and then the raw menting. It consists of two tubes. rubbvr prepared for vulcanizing, is The outer one, called the “shoe," or jajd uV’er ,t. The two are then run “casing." provides the necessary through rolls under several hundred strength to resist the driving strains, pounds» pressure, forcing the rubber is flexible to allow whatever bending jnto every part of the fabric. Then is necessary, and is thick enough to al- wben the shoe is vulcanized it becomes
|The surface is com- vne aolid mass, although made up of posed of material which will insure 8t) many layers. The cushion layer traction, that is, which will stick to the j8 continued down the side to protect rtad and prevent slipping. The “in- tbe fabric, and is called the “side ner tube" merely provides an air Wall." Where the shoe touches the rim chamber. It has not sufficient strength the edges are shaped in such a way ns of its own to support the high pres- to grip the rin«. These are called sure used, so must never be inflated “beads."
u nee
many’s urging to a determination to defend to the uttermost the Holy City. Jerusalem, which has been more often besieged, sacked and devastated than has any other city, is thus destined to become again a scene of carnage and bloodshed.
Germany has every reason to save Jerusalem from falling into the hands of the Allies. From the time of the kaiser’s spectacular entrance into the Holy Land and of his alliance with Abdul Hamid he has always striven to strengthen the German grasp upon the city of David and to transform it into an East rn stnmghold of Teutonism. He has encouraged and developed public and private enter-
73,000,000
German
2.—THE VASSALS
10,000,000
6,000,000
0,000,000
Magyar Bulgar . Turk . .
were
21,000,000
sons
8.—THE SLAVES
.	3,000,000
. 7,600,000 . 1,600,000 200,000 . 22,000,000 .	4,600,000
. 8,600,000 . 12,000,000 . 8,000,000 . 2,000,000 . 2,000,000 . 2,000,000 , 8,000,000
French .........
Belgian.........
Alsace-Lorraine .
Danes,..........
Poles...........
Ruthenes .......
Czech ..........
Jugoslav........
Rumanian, Italian
Greek...........
Armenian........
Levantine.......
Arab.............
very useful tool of science. Men use it to study the conditions that prevail in the air far above the earth; thus it helps them in building airships, in taking pictures, in signaling, and in life saving on the coast. The Chinese have long used kites to tow boats, and to drop their fishhooks well out to sen while they themselves stand on the shore.
were
This fabric is
81,000,000
some
176,000,000
Total
low for wear
?
THE UPSIDE-DOWN WATCH
ELECTRIC PLANTS FOR FARM
Small Equipments Save Much Labor A on the Farm and in Home.
Use by Soldiers
THE MOTHER OF STEVENSON
Rhodesia
Memorial Meeting
that a horse-vehicle had to be sent for, while the animal trotted off contentedly and unhurt.
Could the dutiful daughter who sent her father a pair of spectacles addressed to “The White Cottage with Green Failings, Yorkshire," be sur-

Three Mothers.
Three mothers by your cradle stand:
One mother who has given birth, And one of them is Motherland,
And one of them ia Mother Earth; Three mothers must you have in all, And two are great and one is small.
Your Motherland is strong and dread; Her shield your sure protection makes;
She spreads her law above your head, But even while she gives she takes.
The crowd was beyond her expect- arrived in Christiania
From Mother Earth by toil you wring Or feast or crust at her caprice, The shelter for your journeying,
, Though brief at best will be the lease.
And at the end she gives you bed But cares not where your soul has sped.
The Mother who has borne your flesh Through good or ill will hold you fast,
Will guide you through the world’s dark meah,
And so will save your soul at last. Three mothers shall you have in all, And one Is great and two are small.
—McL. Wilson.
Forgotten for centuries in the rise of new empires and new civilizations, Jerusalem appears again in modern history. The fall of Constantinople and the recovery of St. Sophia would not send a greater thrill of emotional interest throughout the Christian world than would the capture of Jerusalem by the khaki-clad British soldier crusaders and the restoration of Christianity’s sacred symbol to the walls of the city where it had its origin, its fullest significance.
Value Depends Greatly on the Color
of the Coral.
The coral beds of Japan are worked by divers in the employ of a master diver who receives the take as it comes in, grades it, and when a sufficient quantity has been obtained, asks for bids on-the lots of each grade, Representatives of ftie leading exporting and wholesale firms are always at hand during the season the best coral is taken, to inspect the take and proffer
about 66,000 pounds, valued at $700,-The color of the coral has a great deal to do with the value placed upon it
“boke,” a pale quince color. Single beads of this color, suitable for manufacture into ornamental hairpins, bring from $10 to $60 each. The next color in value is pink, followed by white light red and dark red.
to a policeman to get her in.
“It’s nae use, it’s fu’,” he said. “Re-
son
Robert Louis Stevenson’s mother."
"Ay, you’ve the best right," the policeman replied, and, turning to the indignation at Christiania and the au-crowd, he cried, “Mak* way, there! thorities are severely blamed for re-She maun get in. She’s Roabert leasing the baron Louis’s
Persons who thought themselves packed too tightly to move somehow packed closer, and let Mrs. Stevenson squeeze and wriggle past. Breathless, and, for once, with her mantle and bonnet a little awry, she was pushed on. much against her will, to comes chronic

The total annual take is
Never keep vinegar or yeast In stone crocks or Jugs; their acid attacks the glazing, which is said to be
poiHonouH.	Where «praying with arienate of
Light, one-inch-mesh fish netting jead not feasible, asparagus slugs makes an excellent covering for ripen- can ^ deetroyed by knocking them off mg berries that attract the birds )} (> piants at mid-day. The sun and Scare-crows and strings usually fail; hot eoll wln kill them before they can
¦malT areas0re’	expensive for reach plants again.
000
The most expensive Is
It Lives On.
You can complete a good work, but you can never end it. v
Kicking ceases to help when it be-
V
Right this wan - rustless tour
WEIGHT WITHIN THREE POUNDS — ILLPST THE LA0N WEIGHS AWE
, than the littYe
WELL, DON-T Be
LONG
NOW HELEN, LETS
MEASURE.
| WANT "TO SEE HOW MUCH SHORTER. I AM THAf^J---—
wwy TOM, I REAulS BELIEVE
Nou are setting
^TALLER I-----;
\ ?
I GUESS TH*R b.
GUNS THAN ME ,N TH/6 WORLD!
Helen, Tou L
HAD better go ahead And Go Hone
I M GOING OVER TO BUT A PAIR or SHOES
r
• p

55

DON

}
n n't
11
»
Nou



\


<2.
1'

> X
7

V\

%

a
t
\
I
m
!
\
4

L
*



###PAGE###7###
WHEAT AND NEXT YEAR’S FOOD
drm4(?op .jQyerics^
WjBHp #,
WiK

f
F
#

r
Careful Directions For the Culture of Winter Wheat____A Very
Necessary Crop In View of the Present Food Shortage.
ft
/
SV
fl
vs
By Henry O. Bel], Agronomist.
With maximum spring wheat yields Your winter wheat will probably both in this country and in the United follow early oats. If such are your
Address all questions to Professor Henry Q. Bell, In |'aplta h°me consumption there is shaded the surface of the soil from */	of The Wlleon Publishing Company, Limited, To- a remainder for shipment abroad from direct sunlight and to that extent pre-
BIS
me sou.	cage- be sure to keep the surface of preparation of the seed-bed requires	L u u el'cfs °f	guests, who stand on either side, leav-
,	the summer-fallowed land tilled suf- : the major amount of labor given to £**? ,	. ,befn bakad aday or inK » space or aisle for the bridai
CTyi	/»	>? I ^	__	flciently often to kill aU the weeds and this crop. Once the wheat is started u ° m ‘ m t0 „ “Sed| othlen,'“se party to wulk along. The two brides-
C SMI/T/fCD	'LJ?	preserve a surface dust mulch. If it needs no further care until harvest	l Bu“" e?ch sl,ce ma,ds eater s'de bX *ide or "'"fly, a«
^mcmdeomj \j/7q&sQ m sr. ssr i	sa f£S ¦ * - « c sa s baî
iiipss
urine becomes thick	and very dark Poisoning rats in tii • h u- It The point is—keep the surface	of the of abundantly feeding the r young
,n'°,0r .	_	rather risky business. Pork U	t«£ 8UMmer f<tll°We<1 *oil gtirred'	wheat croP with 8uitablc fertilizers.	THE LIFE AND DEATH OF ARMY, others became his guardians. He lov-
retention consists in giving daily high to be killed in that way. \	~~	~~	— 1	« ------------------- ed them all, but he never forgot his
exercise or materially reducing grain It is well to be alarmed over the cer-	The Usual Programme.	The woman dusts a chair. “Well,” * aithful to If is Master 1 ntil Death first soldier friend and master, or
makTrnmr^t m™’ •	• pura.ftj7f*	°f ? decrca8e Per c»Pit« in the Punch once had a scene in which a *he 8ay8’ “yer «its down here, an' yer	and Afterward*.	failed to watch by his grave. He ref 1	<>r ,l ’ v' gnc 2 drama ,odldt* number or cattle, hogs and sheep, district visitor is shown entering the reads me a short Psalm, yer gives me An officer in the Canadian forces, mained on guard all through the win-
..ritü-2r8,U|?u î!mee "ai y* * Draw Meat, milk, butterfat and wool con- cottage of a poor woman The visitor a shillin', and then yer goes!”	Maj. Edgar, now serving in Flanders, ter, and one morning he was found
urme off with catheter.	stitute a great reserve force in our ia evidently new to the business and	' - tells the following affecting story of a frozen to death there.
I he draft horse is the safest pro- preparedness campaign.	somewhat embarrassed. The cottager	Proficient.	dog’s love and fidelity. The dog was After Army had died, the authori-
position for the average farmer.	I eae crosa,nK of greeds is respon- says to her: “I’m quite well, thank yer, Visitor-I suppose, Willie, that you an ,rish terrier, whose home with a ties gave permission for him to be
Keep on good terms with your, 81 le l0r îewcr "P^tedswine than were miss; but I ain’t seed you afore. Ye’re can spell all the short words? * French family was destroyed when buried beside the master to whom he horse; he will feed better and develop common 8everal years a%o. One breed fregh at itf ajn’t yer, miss?”	Willie (who hears much talk about the Gcrmans camc- He fled from the had been so faithful, and there in
a better character. Let him increase l0 a farm and one standard—the best have never visited you before automobiles)—Yes, I can spell words ruined house an(1 the d«ad bodies of Flanders is the big grave with the lit-the number of his human friends as ar® Pushing the swine industry Mrg Johnson.”	I of four cylinders.	the people he had loved, and sought tie one beside it; and the dog’s name
rapidly as possible and attach himself, ah®.	' ,	refuge with one of the British regi- as well as that of his master is into them so that he will leave his kittle pigs that are given	.. . -	—^	LL_=~	1	------^ ments. Here one of the kindly Tom- scribed upon the cross that marks
I plenty of exercise will not over-	J \ï~***1*IA*-.	mies adopted him and named him their last earthly resting place.
1/rymg rruits and VMBtablCS	Army. The kindly Tommy was killed
subsequently, and the dog stationed himself, a lonely watcher, at his
I
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell.
The object of this department la to place at the service of our farm readers the advice of an acknowledged authority on all subjects pertaining to soils and crops.
*V>thtrt lnd daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to write to this department. Initial# only will be published with each question and Its as * mean» of Identification, but full name and address muet be ®	letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answer# will be
mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope la enclosed.
*°dree* eM correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law, 235 Woodbine Ave., Toronto.
m
S7

greet an old acquaintance, —j or woman.
Henry 0. Bell
•on
ac
'
animal associates to go to them.
A little care and quiet rest may ea^’ Feed all they will eat up clean save a horse’s life and also a vet- of a well-balanced growing ration; if erinarian'a bill.	they will eat what is put before them
One can learn that a horse is sick they are not	overfed ggg
as easily as he can that a human be» ing is out of temper.
Many horses are timid by inheritance. It ia not a fault, but a misfortune and should not be cured by whipping but by good treatment. The trouble lies not in his will, but in his over-delicate nerves
?
The world’s supply of wheat is tain to be dangerously short this year, and this shortage will undoubtedly greatly affect corn pr fit of the grower.
cer-
Man’s primitive effort to avail himself of nature’s gift in conserving and goring of foods for winter use was by sun-drying. In many parts of Europe this method alone is used in caring for the abundant harvests. To successfully dry fruits and vegetables a drier is essential. A small one may be constructed at home. This will enable the housewife to bring it indoors in case of sudden storm.
By the drying process the housekeeper can take care of all surplus foods for which she cannot find cans or jars. Small quantities can be dried daily,
The rulling of non-layer, from the entail.”* UUIe wT**	°r f‘°Ur *nd ™d* int° Palatable bread- !
tin,, by becoming .ngr^wS' IZ 2* tteLZftS tSS	^ ™	* « **	«*¦
ssryour an,rry tonee.and cruei s z: notVsi rafisïvua sh.„ peu,. ^ on ^ in ». .«¦ or.
¦5^jssl,S2S»„» ^iEî&sSâ^'sïïEiriS'ïSi , M VT*27t sfter t^wiAsr % 75
loss of 26 to 50 per cent, of feed and ducks and old ducks.	•	or table, it gives off a hollow sound.	This usually will be accomplished	Reddy Squirrel was having an aftt -	COU8jn8 used to have a home here long
horsepower. Rid the animals and Heat is the great enemy	of eggs,	in three to five days. It is possible to	dry vegetables and fruits and even	noon naP »n his cosy homc’ <lceP m	before you came along. Moreover
stables of these pests. A few cheap both fertile and infertile.	Follow	beef in this way.	the heart of an old chestnut tree. Mrs.	you come to my tre€ for nuts when*
window and door screens will do much these simple rules, which cost nothing	After the peas are thoroughly dried	they must be cared for in a manner	Squirrel was out for a little airing,	you yeej |jke % and on|y lhe otker d
to give comfort to the horses, not but time and thought, and you will that j	i	m	. . .	, and had lefl Rcddy t0 m”!d lhe babies frightened my family almost out
ebs2k=sr : mwmrn## mmî
Gather the eggs twice daily.	pillow slips or other pieces of muslin may be used in place of the cheese- ' #,ceP bad been badly broken ot late tke baby squirrels woke up and cried
Keep the eggs in a cool, dry room or cloth. A good size to make bags is 8 by 12 inches.	by one of the babies that was having and f^wny Woodpecker made no fur
cellar.	Beans may be dried by the same method.	trouble with its teeth. So he curled ther progress toward getting his din
Market the eggs at least twice a	HOW TO CONS'IUUCT VEGETABLE AND FRUIT DRIER	up in a fat red ball and in seven winks ner It wag Redd> gqujrrc
X	.	,	retour v/tw	^	was sound asleep.	. finally put an end to the quarrel
With poultry costs ao high, why not ^---^	Ly F	-f	Rat-tat-tat-tr-r-r r-rtl	“111 tell you what I’ll do,” he said
keep an accurate account of the re-	ik That was the noiae that made Reddy at last. “If you will not come to my
ceipts and expenditures? A simple fJ "	1	; s-.;'	^J.. ,tA Squirrel wake up with a sudden start, tree to drill for your dinner, I will not
way to keep track of the grain used Is M	-	1	^ f	SÇTO He raised his head and listened hard, go to your tree for nuts or to harm
to build a supp.y bin in thé poultry	, jyjj If:;'*	What could it have been? A moment your family
house. The grain ran be eYkily h L-—_	?'• ; ‘	.	_	„ ,r. x . later he heard it again
weighèt. and the amount recorded each IP»-——T:. y. !!{f >.^| Rat tat tat~tr r-r r rt
time the bin la filled. A tabulated sheet tacked upon the side of the bin may also be used for recording the egg yield and receipts.
The poultry house should be placed away from other farm buildings where the drainage is good very dangerous and the floor of the poultry house must be higher than the
grave.
Other soldiers who came there found and cared fqr him; and when they were killed or had retired, still
to the bene-
Woodpecker, and his tones were ju**t as unfriendly as those of Reddy Squir rel. “And don’t bother me, for I’m busy getting dinner.”
“Well, aren’t there trees enough for you without trying to knock mine to pieces?” asked P.eddy Squirrel.
Market Calendar

S/orf£S
ProteclYourStock
whr
Increase your profita, comply with the aanltary demande of health authorities, milk com panlea, etc., and at a saving of time, money and labor !
Make your stables, dairies, poultry , houses * and cellars, bright, cheerful and free from lice, mites and the germa of Infectious disease ! Instead of using whitewash and then a diet-foctant, use	{


In that way things will be much more pleasant all round.” “Agreed!” said Downy Woodpecker. I Then Reddy Squirrel knew very well "That is a sensible arrangement. Why what the noise was. He had ht-«rd it not go further than that? Why not many times in the forest. It wa« get all the squirrels and woodpeckers Downy Woodpecker drilling a hole in » in the forest to live up to the same ar-the bark of the old chestnut. Reddy rangement? There are trees enough Squirrel was very cross when he jump- for all of us." ed out of bed and ran to the door of his house.
m


IS
rmmtisr
^SSSSÉ
1 €o*reuro */r* #rr
HI
Dampness is
“Very well,” agreed Reddy Squir-
J ^	^	t —	“I will ^ee all my cousins at
--§^ wire eg the window# ?h frame Tne whole thing may be covered with a clean piece of cheese- ! w '• w*h* ®P babies Hr# will break the wmd and keep eut doth while the fruit is drying, to that dust cannot com u> contact with
It ditin ftett and painH at tkt

tame time


It If a finely powdered mineral ÿf*Wt combined with a germl-fl4* •• time* stronger than pure carbolic add. but abeâlulel > non poleonous boast or fowL
to apply me eoon aa mixed with cold ¦training <,

outs
Will not harm man


waiting
wmt»r
bother aa with white-
with either
t no

( nn be applt
wîfi

brush 1 white.
I off

not blister Make or


"You may know that one of them has brok-
Hold hy Dealers Everywhere.
r
en the arreuner.t, and that the council "You item to 1* the only one to of the wood folk will punish him for wake up so far I" retorted Downy it.






###PAGE###8###
Brides will like
INSURANCE
Now, This is Fine !
$18.00 for Smokkh from McCord,
Saskatchewan.
A registered letter from McCord, Sask., came to hand Wednesday evening, with the request that the contents ($18.00) he forwarded through “Thk Kqpity to tlu Soldiers for " smokes donors all former i\mtlackers with one exception—who eon tribu ted one dollar each, ris a»
illowa :
H. Schwa I in, II. W. Have#,
L.	Hamilton, Cliff Homer.
J. C. McDowell, W. McDowell
II. Armstrong, B. F. Helshei
J. La ughrvn, R. McCord.
J. D. Brown, Armen Hodgins
C. Horner, Hoy Hamilton.
\V. Dawson, «I. L McDowell
M.	H. Belsher. R. Wallace.
We arc also pleased to acknowledge the receipt of one dollar fiom llenian Dagg, of Ladysmith.
The SteiTillB Bool aid Shoe Store
Our Jewelery.
Jewelery is the thing to give for a Wedding Present because it expresses the sentiment of
the giver.
Who does not treasure a King, a Pin, a Brooch, a Necklace, a Watch or Silverware, which was received as a gift at a certain time, especially if it be Wedding Time ?
Therefore the Jewelery you give the bride or to a friend
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries. | should have the " quality there.” We sell Quality Jewelery,
modern in style, reasonable in price.
AT TUK LOWEST RATES IN
AND BEST
THE OLDEST
COMPAN IES.
Economy in Shoe Purchasing.
The
No charge for Policy Fee.
Vail or write for llate* and Particular».
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
BRECKENRIDGE
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Many people purchase low priced Shoes under the impression that it is Economy to do so ; but it is not Economy, because low priced shoes Must necessarily be made from low Priced materials—give half the wear And cost more in the end than high
Grade shoes.
handle the best makes at price very little higher than the ordinary low grade shoes.
Buy your Footwear from us and be Convinced of its superior quality.
fou—
Shawville and District
TO FELL FOR
—0—0—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1017. tind Spring Planting. 11M8. including many new varieties which we alone control.
HANS SHADEL
I
1
Successful Music Pupils
From June lOlti t<> June 1917.
Grade Elementary—
Helen Cameron, Fort Coulonge. Marian Howard, Davidson.
Lue lia Wilson, Starke Corners.
May Dean, Starks Corners.
Mary Dumas, Maryland.
Edith Cuthbertson, Maryland. Florence Howard, Shaw ville.
Grade Junior—
Mary Cosgrove, Maryland.
Ella*Stitt, Fort Coulonge.
Florent v \\ Helen, Fort Coulonge. Marguerite Harnett, Shaw ville.
Nellie Smiley,
Verna Cameron,	“
Vera Sharpe,
Claire Thomas,
Beryl Davis,
Grade Intermediate—
Ruby Fades, Shaw ville.
Gwendolen l/>ugh, Fat Coulonge. Lilias Stitt,
Emma Creighton, Maryland.
Grade Senior—
Eleanor Lough—(1st class honours eertitivatv) Fort Coulonge, One.
- Pupils of Mnw Thomson,
Shawville, Quo.
— O—0—0—
Semi for new ill tint rat ed catalogue ; also agent’s proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
Pontiac’s Only Jewelery Store.
STONE ani> WELLINGTON (Established 1K17>
MARKET FOR
Ontario
Toronto
We
TO LET
PULPWOOD
Best Farmers’ Hotel
in Pontiac
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
Dining Hoorn and 22 Bed Rooms furnished
Yard, Sheds and Stable* Apply at once
Large
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
G. W. DALE,
W. A. HODGINS
P. E. SMILEY.
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and C. N. R Railways.
FARM FOR SALE
S
( i<mhI dairy farm, part of Lots 4 and f*, first Concession of Bristol, containing 300 acres -100 valuable bush. K«»r particulars apply to owner,
D. .1. CRAIG, Raymond, Alta., or to ( ». T. DRVMMOND, Bristol,‘.Que.
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
You undoubtedly have a few new i Keep a record of your outings, your pictures you would like framed. Call children and your strak. by purchasing and see samples. Picture framing a a kodak. 1 have a complete stock from special! H Ittift s.	|$L85 up-	H. Imison.
TAILORING
Holiday Arrivals.
Mr. and Mrs. K. F. Richardson
Ottawa.	„	,	,
Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Richardson
Ottawa.
Miss Am Dawson Earl Turner Ivan Thomson,
J. M. Argue,
Hosmer Turner,
Dr. K. McDowell.
Mr. and Mrs. Pritchard, Dun
robin.	....
Mr. and Mrs. T. W. W llson
Ottawa.
S. W. Wilson, Ottawa.
Miss Irene Elliott, Westmeath Miss M. Adams,
Lawrence Elliott,
Sgt. R. E. Horner, Petewawa.
present including Mr. and Mrs. Hobbs of Ottawa. The presents were numerous including gifts of money, etc.—Com.
Reports of the Horticulturist
and Cerealist.
THE MARKETS
| Up to the year 1914 the annual report of the Dominion Experimental Farms could be accommodated in one volume. During the following two years it required two volumes, running up to about 1200 pages, to contain the
The work has - >
still another
SHAWVIILE
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
GRAY. BLUE,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
v Powles, McTiernan
Otta wa
IIobbs—Corrigan.
The marriage took place at # o'clock on Wednesday evening last at the home of the bride * patents, Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Corrigan's, of their second daughter, Miss Elizabeth Sarah, to John Arthur Hobbs, son of Mr. and Mrs. Robt Hobbs, of the -aiue neighborhood. The eremony was pet formed by Rural Dean Phillips and took place in the parlor, which was prettily decorated for the occasion. A wedding march was cleverly executed by Miss Nellie Smiley. About fifty guests sat down to dinner after congratulations had
Flour per barrel $14.00 Wheat, pet bushel, $2.10 to 2 25 Oats, pet bushel, 65c.
Beans per bushel, $6.(0.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 23c Potatoes per bag. 2.60.
Eggs per dozen 25c.
Wool, washed, 62c.; en washed. 50c Hides per 100 II*. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 6.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to l.T.O Veal Skins, each 90c
information developed that
volume has had to be added for the year ending March 31st, 1916.
Volume one, which contains the reports of the Director and of the Divisions of Chemistry, Field Husbandry and Annual Husbandry was announced a few weeks ago.
The second volume, giving the reports of the Divisions of Horticulture and of Cereals is now read
For distribution. ....... ......... ....................................
been lavishly bestowed upon the the work carried on, including the w,th a photograph. A family group is
----'....... ....'•	- re-ults of i‘xi>erimeiit8 in thi 'i1 t|1(. appropriate.
Renfrew
<
Rain Coats,
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
* is now ready Fathers and mothers, it is your duty This deals with to your children to present them each
June Wedding
newly united paid.	L	_______	_
The bride received many hand- branches of agricultural industry *nmc presents, including a large at tjle Central Farm and at the array of silverware.	twenty-five Branch Farms, Sta-
The young couple who have the tjons ane Sub-stations distributed good w ishes ot all for their future tlirou'ont Canada. Grain growers* happiness and prosperity, will re- vegetable grow ers, fruit grower*
"ide in the neighborhood which an(j florists in every part of has known them both since child- Canada may therefore look to this
hood.	volume for valuable information, HHH	____ I
on the growing of tilt* v u imi- rleverly blocked the game of your op-
classes of crops. The work is xment that you bad “spiked the guns covered not only in relation to !or the enemy,” and then did you won-field and orchard culture, but in ( 1er why you had thus characterized relation also to the green house
and the experimental plot. Irri-| be guns out of commission, so that gation in horticulture has been	enemy Is prevented from turning
given special study. The informa- Ljg gre upon us,” la obvious. But lion on this topic is of great value. I Fbflt ^as the spike to do with it? Experiments are recorded of woik |,n the modern breech loading cannon with orchard heaters for the pro- j ^erc to uo Und of epiking that would
srf'r ,p;. roue,
or selections of wheat produced at o be captured. It la bad enough to the Experimental Farms is given ve shot to pieces by’ thef enemy ¦ showing the relative value of each Jllery, but It Is doubly distressing to as regards production, weight |>or aave our own turned upon ns. bushel, number of days for matur- The old fashioned cannon was a ing and other Qualifications. I or- nozzle loader, the powder and ball be-responding information is given ng introduced at the end opposite the with regard to coarse grains and jreeCh. Just above the place where fiax. Volume two as w ell as the he charge of powder was located there former volume referred to, are fa| a hole In the cannon, mo that a available to those who apply for for discharging the powder could them to the Publications Branch introduced. This percussion cap of the Department of Agriculture, I ^ get off by mcanB of â nmyard,
>hlch the artilleryman pulled. When t warn certain that the cannon was go-I I	, ing to be captured the hole for the In-
Sad Death of former Pontiac |troduotion of the percussion cap warn
:losed by meana of a spike driven In, which would have to be drilled out before the gun could be ueed. .
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
Maitland—Haskins
At the Methodist parsonage, by the Rev. F. Tripn, on Tuesday afternoon, June 26th, Rev. H. r. Maitland was married to Mi** Genevieve, youngest daughter of the Rev. H. Baskins, of Portage
The ceremony witnessed by a few relatives of thê dontrac'tiiîSf partie*, and when the nuptial Knot was tied the young couple motored to the home of the groom s parents, where the wedding dinner
was in readiness.
The britie, w ho was unattended, was attired in a becoming suit of Holland blue taffeta silk, with picture hat to match. She also wore an ostrich ruff. The wedding presents consisted chiefly of cheques, and included a purse from the congregation of Austin Church, and also a gift of fifty dollars in gold from citizens of Portage du Fort generally, as a mark of the high esteem in which the bride i* held in that community. The groom's gift to the bride was a gold wrist watch.
The young couple left on a trip to western j>oints, and will go to Barn-ton _
land has charge of the Methodist circuit.
H. I MUON. Photo Arti
SPIKING THE GUNS.
When the Old Fashioned Muzzle Load, ing Cannon Were In Use.
Did you ever remark when you bad
Come In and see the
The Final
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. P. E. Smiley ind children sjKuit the week-end in Ottawa.
Mr< J. A. Smith, Ottawa, visited friends and relatives in town and vicinity during the pa*t week.
Touch of Elegance
action? That It signifies "to put
ne
Beautiful
Range
Mr. and Mrs. Archie Dover accompanied by Miss Jean Masson. Messrs. Cedric Shaw and A. 1>. McCredie motored to Smith's Fall* Sunday.
Mrs. Kaulback, of New York, i* visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Hudgins, and other Shaw-
ville relatives.
for a man is to wear Hobberlin Tailoring.
Suits and overcoats
Mention was omitted la*t week of the attendance of Miss Armstrong and Miss E. Shaw, at Macdonald College as delegate* to the H. M. Chib's convention.
Mr. John Strutt, of Bristol Ridge section left last week to a summer at Brock,Saak very favorably impressed with what he saw of the West last Slimmer, and it would not be surprising if he decided to locate there yet.
Mr. Allan Clarke, son of Mr. Thomas Clarke, formerly of Bryson, and now of Edmonton, visited Shaw ville relatives last week, while en route to his old home town, which he found changed considerably since he left 15 years
of
made to your meas-
6
ue.. where Mr. Mail-
with such skill
i mage nd the
n was
ure
Heat
pen
Job
and success as to absolutely assure correct style and fit.
Workman—Smith.
At the Methodist Church, Shaw-ville, on Wednesday. June 27th, at 4 p. ro., by Rev. F. Tripp, A. Clifford Workman, 7th line, to Ethel Pearl, only daughter of Mr.
! Smith, of thi* village. Following the marriage ceremony, supper was served at the bride's home to the immediate friends of the contracting party.
Wave
Suitings
Boy,
XV
It is with deepest regret we record the death of Alonzo D. Richard*, third of the, late Robert and Mary Ann Richards, of Billerica. The deceased, who was residing at Fairbanks, Alaska, 11» the past— Byruu. underwent an operation in the hospital at Nenana, Alaska, for cancer of the stomach, on Friday, June 1, and |»as*cd away two week» later, Friday June 15th, set tiers that they have played no
small part in the progress and pros-
fegsSSB
Henderson, <»f Walker, Arizona , Mrs. J. ||and€r He baa set the pace for all Alexander, of San Francisco, (aliforma, Lha incoming races He Is the lllus-and Samuel A Richards, of W ynun ; tratlon par excellence of how a peo-also of the late Archie, Sylvester and p|e of ambition and Industry can Henry Richards.	master difficulties, triumph over
His last wish was to he buried beside prejudice, and attain their desired hi* brother Henry, who died *ome y vara place 1» the commercial, the polit I-
K.„b.„U Al*»h». -Uu..
W&SHSI liVkSStf1- ISUT5L SZLISr *“1
We sell Hobberlin
4
son
Tadoring because we know the honesty and quality in every garment.
The best of prophets for the future
ago
Emerson- Smith
At the Methodist church. Bris toi, on Wednesday afternoon, at 2.30, Mias Bertha May Smith, eldest daughter of Mr*. Allan Smith, of Bristol, became the wife of Mr. Robert Wellington Emerson, son of Mr. William Emerson of Bristol Ridge.
The bride was attended by Mis* Emerson a* bridesmaid, and Nathan Smith acted in the capacity beet manWÊKÊlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊttÊÊti
church leaning on the arm of her unde, Mr. Shaw, of Ottawa, to the strains of the wedding march.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev. John Hurst. Afterward* a sumptuous ref wist was served at the home of the bride's mother. A large number of guests were

The Misses Avarina and Clara Junk in of A rn prior, were in town for a day or two last week. Many will learn with regret that the former ha* given up her position with the O. F. Hodgins Co., in which by her kindly, courteous manner she made many friends, and rendered good service to her employe n.
Icelander* a* Emigrants.
It 1* claimed for the Icelandic
we are showing. Do it now.
Excluth* A genii HMtrlln TmiloHng
A short note dated June 12th from John McCleary, (formerly of Greer Mount) and now located at McCord, Sa*k , say# the crop prospect* out there at the time of writing were good, a* an abundance of rain had fallen. This is better than several ier n from different sections of the XVest.
She entered the
ARCHIE DOVER
Outside the city. It ie


