###PAGE###1###
$1.00 A YEAH IK ADVAKCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUGUST 30, 1017
No. 10, 35th Year
--
T THE

v
?PT
Tlje Merchants Banl^ of Caqada
The Bank of Ottawa
HARDWARE STORE
Established 1864
ESTABLISHED 1874
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hebdkn GEX. MANAGER	..	I). C. Ma< Allow
Economy is the Word
Save Money by Saving your Machinery.
$ 4,000,000 4,750,000
Capital Paid I p Rest
f
Head Office: Ottawa. Canada.
Saving* accumulate at a gratifying rate when a little self-denial In practiced and n portion of one* income I» deposited regularly in the
Savings Bank Department
Interest allowed on deposits of 81.00 or more.
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,iJ50,984 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada. How can You Help Win the War ?
BY PRODUCING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with us Is n start In the right direction.
Sending money to the Hoy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.
$7,000,000
. 108,956,096
National Carbonless Motor Oil
“	(The best there is)
Polorine Motor Oil Gas Engine Oil Steam Cylinder Oil Transmission Grease Cup Grease Machine Oil Separator Oil
All high grade goods at reasonable prices. Come here for the slip easy stuff.
• e
# •
BY SAVING
BY NOT WASTING
,T, A. McLatvhik, Manager.
It. Leg eh. Manager.
U. M. Colquhoun, Acting M'trr
Fort Covlonue Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Portage du Fort Branch
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
w. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Prendre your exhibits for the local Fair at Shawville, September 16, 27 and 28.
Sec our regular $26.00 blue Irish serge suits on sale Saturday for $20.76 —the biggest bargain yet. A. Dover.
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like framed. Call and see samples. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imison. .
READ DOVER’S AD.
Shawville Fair, September 20, 27, 28th.
On Thu ruddy evening of this
week, the work meeting of the Shawville H. M. Club will be held at Mrs. Andrew Hod gins.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Eastman’s Kodaks and supplies. Amateur finishing a specialty. II. Imison, Photo Artist.
Manager, Shawville
Manager, Quyon
SHORTHAND “Canadas Best”
U ENRY’S
n SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING

NOTICE.—Just received a shipment of Seeley Pumps—house or stock size. Can also supply well tile—all sizes.
For prices see or write
r.i
OTTAWA, OAT
it

Our instruction is individual, and the school Is open duilng the entire year ; you tfray therefore start at any time.
Qur rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than WO students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short
Penmanship. Spell-
Anmrior Fair, Sept. 17th. 18th 19. Greatly enlarged in all
Trials of
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places m open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Ings Advocate.
and
ways. Big midway
e]|wed and sport* in addition to the usual attraction a. Reduced Railway Rates.
H. E. Mitch km, Shawville, Que
W. A. HODGINS
received Saturday by his relatives, that Corn. L. 11.
Thomas was wounded a snort time
i n <e WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
Arthur, who w .1- wounded and of whom mention was nmde in these columns a short time ago, is retorted to be getting along well.
Word was
Mrs. Frank Me Janet was the winner of the cabinet of silverware at E. H. Gayler’s of Fortage du Fort, the keys of which were called in during week commencing Aug. 13th.
The Central Executive- Committee of the Relief Work for the Victims of the War in Belgium, Montreal, acknowledge receipt through Mrs. M A McKinley, Ass't Secty, Clarendon Schools, of the sum of $25.00 being made up of contributions from the pupils
of the schools of the Township of Clarendon.
vpewrittng Ing. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Soarks St*
hand. T
His brothei
SHAWVILLE
W. E. Gowli.no, II. G. W, Braithwait President
Principal
\n Important Statement
PERSONAL MENTION
Saturday, Sept. 1st, is Men’s Day at Dover’s. Don't fail to be there
Don’t forget the dates of Slmw-Fair, September 26th to 28th.
On Saturday, we ofter 10 of our men* #19.00 blue serge suit* for #16.00 esch. Remember 10 only
Slight fronts were experieiu in some sections of the county on the night of the 20th.
Mr. F. Schwartz was in town last Saturday with a few pails of his second crop of strawberries this season. Needless to say they were quickly disposed of.
Am prior Fair on Sept. 17th, 18th and 19th is to be “better than ever.” No effort is being spared to bring ARNPRIOR FAIR to the forefront of all Fall Fairs.
STAPLE GOODS
Last September we made the following
Statement :
“ We have been requested by our Shorthand and Secretarial graduates to Issue a statement relative to The com pa i Ison between the enrollment# and graduations.
Our records show that up to June. 1012, the number of students who entered the senior Shorthand classes, but who failed to graduate, was a very considerable loss to these classes in the College. During the year IU12-13 the proportion of gradu ate# increased, and so from year to year.
The year just ended shows the best record in twentv years’ history of the school, tor the number failing to graduate as compared with the total enrollment has been reduced to a negligible minimum, and in the majority of these cases the student accepted a situation and would not stay to graduate.
To a great extent this is due to the fact that all Willis teachers since 1162 have
been keen, enthusiastic and intelligent I II c& T d 4" AO O workers ; that the atmosphere is refined | || vJTCllCl UGdti and home like ; and each student knows that the Principal and all the Staff are interested in his or her individual progress.”
Tliis year even more gratifying, for without any exception and giving anyone his just due*, we are able to say that the résulta obtained are far superior to those of any previous period in the history of Willis College.
When you combine thoroughness of training with a helpful atmosphere, you get results not otherwise obtained.
If you are interested in a GOOD course of Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping or Civil Service, write today for o< prospectus
Mise Annie Watnnmn has gone to attend Toronto Exhibition.
Mr. S. McMullau, late principal of the Academy, visited Shaw-ville last week.
Miss Lottie Shaw has returned from her visit to Port Hope friends.
The services on Sunday next. Sept. 2nd, in St. John's Church, Clarkes, at 2.30 p. m., and St. George's Church, Campbells Hay, at 7 p. in., will be conducted by the Rev. Chas. Reid, of Charte ris, in the absence of Rev. Mr. Uetiye, who is holidaying.
A. Dover
For the Fall Season
Mrs. C. McCagg, and youngest daughter, Ottawa, have been visiting Shawville friends.
Mrs. Matt. Wallace and children, Ottawa, have been visiting Mrs. Thom. McDowell, in town.
McLean, Fem-
r last week at
Per yd
25
Standard Shirtings Rock Fast Drills
Civic Holiday Sept. 13.
it has been decided to observe Thursday, Sept. 13, instead of Wednesday, Sept. 12, as civic holiday in this village in Older to take advantage of the cheap rates to Ottawa Fair. Our readers will kindly keep this change of date in mind.
Mrs. “Sand broke, wan a v her home “Village View
y, *
isitoi
25 I
Miss Pearl Hamilton, Ottawa, was a visitor over Sunday with Miss Gertrude McDowell.
Mrs. C. XV. Hodgins returned this week from Ottawa, where she has been visiting her parents and other relatives.
Mrs. Jos Bennett, and youngest daughter, Edna, arrived Saturday on a visit to Mr. and Mrs. R. C Woodley.
Mrs. D. S. Kelly left on Saturday last for Toronto where she will «pend two weeks attending the millinery openings.
Mr. Hugh Brownlee, who met with a serious accident a few weeks ago, while drawing in hay, was enabled to return from the hospital last week.
Mrs. J. M. Clarke of Collfleld and Miss Edith Bolam motored from Campbells Bay with Mr. Chas.
Bolam on Thursday and spent a	^	... .	5—M
few hours with Shawville friends, at Mrs. L. A. Smart s will be held ...	„	,	,	, on Friday afternoon, the <th of
Mi*s Hazel and Master Charles September, instead of the 13th
Mining Notes.	Dagg, returned home Saturday, whleh is the regular date. Owing
. a umifh wifh Mr after spending a week with their the Ottawa and other fairs
mmm
ffisSstiia	-—- ,
some time ago. The Equity	y	Deaths	^ curbing# tor well# *old at Work*
learns that some machinery and Mrs. H. A. Carlson and children	- Contract# made with Municipalities to
iüee ma Hi mu
i^^iœtfisïsafc Ef-sffîÆruLSiX	;üs	<£: jütssï jsJk
ed the mining rights of some of tire a short time ago.	patience and resignation. For the pertinent of Agriculture, issued
these properties.	Mr. W. J. McNeill, merchant of past three months she had been this month, indicates that the
A shipment of concentrates from Kinistino, Bask., accompanied by practically confined to her bed, so fruit crop in general is far from the big Squaw Lake deposit, wen his wife and two sons, I* visiting that the end when it came, was » bumper one this year. Apples— made at Campbells’ Bay a fe# ills relatives in North Clarendon, net unexpected. The deceased Is on which so many depend for a day* ago.	, Mr. McNeill is taking a holiday for survived by her husband and three portion of their daily diet, are
The Equity learns that this pro- the benefit of his health, which small children besides other rela- next to being a lailnre in every iHTtv has recently been purchiwied has been impaired by a had attack tivee, all of whom have the syoi- section of the country except In by the Henry Ford interests for of inflammatory rheumatism. It pa thy of the community in their Nova Scotia and British Columbia, the sum of #1,800,000. If this is is twenty years since he settled in *a<I affliction. The late Mrs. Tel- The estimated crop» in Nova Scotia correct figure it is a pretty the West, and he has only made ford1* remains were interred hi St. has been cat down by 20 per cent sure indication that the stuff is on one visit East during that period Paul's Church cemetery on Thunk through a storm on August 10 tan and only needs the necessary —nine years ago. He was one of day afternoon, following service n. Colnrobis the cron 1* fairly capital to make It a commercial the pioneers of the little settle- in the church at which the Rev. abundant, but much of it is <>t m reality. Big financial interests, ment which has grown to be the Mr. Ball, of Portage dn Fort and terior quality and small. I ea« hr*, like Ford, do not usually make prosperous town of Kinistino, and Rev. Mr. Gedye. of Campbells pears, plums and tomatoes are all ventures of this nature unless ha* kept pace with the progress , Bay officiated The funeral was reported much below lait year-they are pretty sure of résulta. ' of the place. _	.ilargely attended.	yWe.
22
Rev. Canon Smith of Hull took the services at St. Paul’s Church on Sunday morning, and at Radford in the afternoon. He also preached in the evening at St. Paul's, while Rev. Mr. Reid of Chat teris read the service.
Severely Hurt.—While unloading hay in the barn on Friday last, Mr. Wellington Armstrong was severely injured by a fall. It seems he was in the act of tripping the hay fork when the rope on which he was pulling broke, and he was thrown head first to the barn floor. WÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊfft were severely Injured by the force of the fall.
Feather Proof Tickings 35 in. Flannelettes 27 in. Heavy Flannelettes Fine Dress Ginghams Chambrays
Flannelette Blankets
40
23
Watçh the Speed Limit.
The Mayor has had placards posted up placing the *|>eed limit within the Corporation at twelve miles an hour, in accordance with a resolution of Council
tionsof this order will be penalised,
as follows For first offence
Car-owners will save themselves trouble by keeping within the limit.
20
15
Infrac
15
$10.00
20.00
1.75
11/4
N. I. HARRISON
Hi* head and neck
1.50
<<
((
Principal,
Willis CofWgc. Ottawa.
10,4
Men ! Buy your clothes from Dover, where they cater to your trade at lowest price*. Come to our sale Saturday and convince yourself.
The September meeting of the turks Corners Homemakers' Club
Keep a record of your outings, your children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have a complete stock from
H. Imison.
Compare these prices with current catalogue quotations, then come and examine our goods.
#1.25 up
Ml
FOR SALE—Pair of driving mare# • HAc kne w 3 and 4 years oMgggfflg well matched and sound : l single and doable Maryland. Bristol.
; chestnut, . broken both 0. CUTHBERTSON,
Regular Canadian Prints
Light Colors Dark
15c.
20
66
Head Dover's ad. on last page
A few pieces of our Bargain American Prints, 8c. while they last.
the
/
W. A. HODGINS
III

###PAGE###2###
•#AlM(ô)«
HARVESTERS, READ THIS!
It is estimated that during April, May and June the Germans suffered 850,000 casualties on the western front.
THE MEANING OF CAMOUFLAGE
EVENTS OF WAR'S
THIRD YEAR
' The best way to the harvest fields of Western Canada is by the Canadian Northern Railway. Special through trains will be operated from Toronto to Winnipeg at 9.00 a m. on August 21st, and 10.00 p.m. on August 21st, 23rd and 80th. Also from Ottawa 10.30 p.m., August 28th. Through 1 carbon, or from imperfect electrical carg connect from Montreal and Joli-I connectons. If it is accompanied with ette Going dates: August 21st and occasional miss, especially if the August 30th, from Canadian Northmissing is more frequent when the car ern stations and agencies, Toronto _	. t _	.	is running than when the engine is in(j north to Sudbury and Milnet,
HP articularly on long trips over running ^le, it is more apt to be im- Qnt., and east to Chaffey’s Locks,
bad roads the interstices of the radia- perfect electrical connections.	Ont., inclusive, including branches;
tt»r are packed with dirt and mud, re- ; gx^ra sparfc plugs carried loosely pi from all stations on Algoma Eastern taining the heat which should be dis- the tool 5ox are liable to be broken by Railway. August 23rd and August alpated in radiation. __	_	i contacting with tools. A good plan gQth, from Toronto and all Canadian
A deposit of dust on the reflector or for storing them is to cut a section a Northern and N., St. C. and T. Rail-lens often cuts down the light to a trjfle greater than length of plug from way agencies, west and south of To-marked degree. The owner should u discarded garden hose. When the ronto. August 28th. From all Cana-make a weekly habit of wiping the I p|ug j8 forced into the center of the dian Northern stations in Quebec exdust from these parts. While doing ^ose ^ fully protected against cept north of St. Raymond and this it is a good plan to inspect the damage.	* Rivierre a Pierre. From all Canadian
||il|||||||||||||||||||||H||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||\»'i 1)iation often That automobile tires deteriorate Northern stations and agencies in loosens it and the poor contact re- ajmost a8 fust when not in use under j Ontario, Hawkesbury to Capreol suits in a loss of light and waste of ordinary conditions as they do from (Pembroke and North Bay line) and
(common wear or use. Carrying the Ottawa to Brockville, Elgin and West A very serviceable blowout tire tire where the exhaust gases reach the port, inclusive; and from all New patch that will take you safely home I rubber is one of the overlooked causes York Central R R. stations in Canada, may be made out of tire tape. Clean t)f tirv depreciation.	1 The equipment will consist of elec-
the fabric around the blowout with Clogging of the muffler is hastened trie-lighted colonist cars and lunch gasoline, and apply strips of tape, when too much oil is fed to the engine, counter cars, especially designed to first lengthwise and then crosswise, The unburned oil is forced back into cater to the needs of large bodies of ^H Then thv muffler, where it covers the par is, men at moderate rates. West of Win-
permitting them to hold carbon and nipeg the demand for labor is great A thorough cleaning is pos- along the lines of the Canadian Northern Railway and the wages are cor-
All particulars
On Russian Front
The Russians, having in June of 1916 begun an offensive from the Pripet marshes to the Rumanian frontier, speedily captured Czerno-witfc and the rest of Bukowina, together with Brody in Galicia, and in
August they entered SUnlslau for | Bu, Wh|ch Conv,yl Volume, I* th« the third time in the war. The Halles bridgehead fell in September, but the subsequent advance on Lemberg was not prosecuted because the plight Three years ago on July 28th A us- ! of Rumania demanded the transfer of tria-Hungary declared war on Serbia RUR8ian troops to aid their Balkan ,han another in the war lingo, that and set Europe and the world aflame. I ally	word Is "camouflage." Probably the
On both the western and eastern After the Russian revolution, the answers to the question, "What doer fronts in Europe the Teutons find RU88jan8 made a feint to advance on camouflage mean ?" would be as varied themselves on the defensive at the pjnsk, to cover the actual operations as the answers. But the word—proadvent of the fourth year of conflict, resumed in July against Lemberg, nounced "kom-oaflah-she" — conveys They fight on lines newly-established, This latter front extended 18% miles, volumes to the military man. after forced retirement from terrain This operation broadened by mid-July, Camouflage means primarily making which they had won in earlier days at go that it extended from the Gulf of something look like nothing. It means
Riga to the Rumanian front, a dis- generally the art of fooling the en Progress toward the achievement of tance of 800 miles. Then the extrem- emy's eyes, the ultimate aim of the Entente and j8tg interfered and brought about the r,le moving pictures of the British its allies has been furthered by poli- retreat.	tanks in action shown recently In this
tical disturbance, which will remain	Italy’s Campaigns	country well exemplified the primary
Etü!
, ed and captured Gorizia, hitherto con- or artillery observers. Newspaper sidered impregnable. By Jan. 1 the readers, seeing pictures of heavy guns Italians had captured 1,200 square covt.red by Ranches, behold ai miles. After a winter of artillery exainp|e 0f camouflage duels, Italy resumed her offensive on Another trick of camouflage Is fa the Carso front in the campaign to- „ill|*r to readers of history by lh« word Trieste. Within a month the name Qf Quaker guns. On all the Austrian lines were broken from frontB 0f (he world war all the armies
• -	§n§i
'of Austrian counter-attacks.	my gUn hy touching off a charge ol
In the Balkans.	loose powder.
A WORD WHICH BAFFLES MOST
CIVILIANS.
YEAR JUST CLOSED HAS BEEN FAVORABLE TO ALLIES.
You May Not Know
Best results can be secured from a motor cooling system by keeping the radiator cells free from foreign m a Ik-
On Field of Battle the Pant Twelve Months Have Brought Many Successes.
an
Military Man and Covers a Multitude of Device*.
ter
If there is one word more baffling
cable connections
$
a tremendous sacrifice.
current
events within the German and Aus trian Empires, featured by the fall of Chancellor von Bethmann-Hollweg, have led U^open discussions of peace in the German Reichstag.
Portugal and Rumania threw in their fortunes with the Entente short-
The
until the hole is well covered, cover the tape with a thickness of I r cloth to keep the inner tube from dirt
sticking, and the patch is complete. 8jble only when the muffler is remov
In adjusting differential gears dif- amj partly dismantled, but often respondingly high ficulty is often experienced in seeing iumps 0f oil-soaked dirt may be from nearest CNR agent or General whether the gears are meshing pro.)- g loosened by tapping the sides of the Passenger Dept., Montreal, Que., and erly. A small pocket mirror, mount- muffler lightly with a hammer. After Toronto, Ont. ed on a soft iron wire handle, may be cleaning the driver will at once notice used in much the same manner as a a marked difference in the perform-dentisVs mirror. Inspection or re- anve 0f the car.
pair on many hidden and obscure That while too lean a mixture is the parts is also facilitated by the use of usual cause of "popping back," it must this mirror.	not be forgotten that any defect in the
ly after the third year began United States entered in April, fol-
?
TWO STYLES NOW FOR MEN
In its effort to conserve raw mate-
If the pounding is regular and con- intake manifold, either original or rjai ami |gfeore the United States Gov-tinuous, it is likely to be from lost acquired, may cause only one cylinder ernment has appealed to the manufac-	Three New Nations,
motion in bearings. If irregular and to get a too lean mixture, and cause turer ^f men’s clothing to limit the Three new nations were born dur-ovcasional, it is more likely to be due popping back when the average mix- number of styles in suits to two, and j ing the year. Poland was created from pre-ignition from incandescent ture is right
In the Balkans the year’s military
a development* saw the occupation of to make these up as simply and as kingdom under German and Austrian Rumania by the Teutons—a gain of economically as possible. What if the direction. In Mecca the Arabians
Most Ancient Example.
The digging of false trenches that the hostile airmen may spot them and signal his battery to waste time and shells on an empty ditch Is camouflage.
_ .	,	When snipers crawl Into No Man’s
Bulgaria won successes of moder- lAnd wlth gra98 ln the|r capg and
ate importance, including the capture * be n raiding parties go out at night of the Grecian port of Kavala. The	face8 and hands blackened to
newly-equipped Serbian army ar- make them as nearly Invisible as may rived at Sa 1 oniki in August and be- be their officers call It camouflage.
I rogresH of the Mar.	gan an offensive which won Ostrovo, The Britl8h khaki, the color of earth
At the close of the second year the on the road to Monastir. This offen- and dugl^ ;g an exampie 0f the same Germans were still unwilling to con- sive, resumed in the spring with the Rustic term; so are the German field cede failure in the operations cen- co-operation of Kntente and Venise- ; gray and the French horizon blue, tering on Verdun. After August 3, list troops, won Monastir and Cernia. | But the greatest and perhaps the 1916, the French gained the ascend- In Greece the military moves of least known use of cany>uflagc Is to ancy, culminating in the retaking of the Entente forces included a block- bjde troops advancing In an attack 1b Douaumont, Thiaumont and Fort a(*e of Greece and temporary French <|ayiight Vaux, with thousands of prisoners and occupation of Athens many guns. By November the French had once more come into possession of the complete circle of the Verdun defences.
%	..v	*	.	- g_ -	great economic value because of the
lance car approached on the way to designer of women’s outer garments	overthrew Turkish rule	and declared	oB	and	grain	fields. The Rumanian
Pineus to fetch the wounded brought should receive the same request? Will	independence. In the Balkans, liber-'	army reformed,	is now co-operating
by the hospital ship Ionia. M. Venize- y0U| ladies, then take to khaki for	ty was restored to Albania, which was	wjth the	Russians.
los took advantage of the opportunity, service wear and blue serge for dress | established as a republic	under Italian
But some passers-by had seen him. parade?
He was obliged to forfeit his incog
itito. which suits his modesty and his has leveled all social distinctions. The	tingent of troops landed	in France on
energy. He could not avoid the ova- nobleman is garbed like the Tommy,	June 26th and 27th.
tion that awaited him on the quay of jn 0ur training camps here now, says
an American writer, the only way to single out the millionaire from the It was a very touching and sober fifteen-dollar clerk is by the quality demonstration; to me it expresses the of his wrist watch. Now, ladies, it spontaneous gratitude of a whole na- looks as if you will have to find a tion to one who was laboring hard place in the dress line; you and your ¦ L	,	for national greatness. The people cool: will receive the selfsame allot-
The following story, of particular ;	thr0nged about him to welcome him	ment of garments. Hold on to	your
interest at the present time because	afid thank him They wished him God-	dress card.	Two punchings and	you
of the light that it throws on the af-	gpeed They did not ask for a speech,	are clothed	for the year,
fection and gratitude of the Greeks ^ they knew that his time was pre-( Oh, yes, we agree with you that for a man whose position is now so	This sort of restraint from a	even under	the present regime	your
prominent, is attributed to the Y lgaro	people who love oratorical skill above	cook is able	to get a nine ninety-eight, ¦	_	|
¦¦¦11»
unusual flutter woke the town, almost Hp was calm an(l gentle_ ag uaual- on woman s dispo.ition No more anx- * nearW 6 M0 nîiien#M to ThÂ gross tonnage of more than 4.000,000
^
• the emotion pent up withm his heart.,of *«r dressmaker , bm.	I In April the British transferred their at*cks h?,ng t,hose ^ °Ierm‘n Ze„P" excellent work done by thla College
to account.	( adians played a historic part in this * J d
fighting, and Vimy Ridge was captured after one of the world’s bloodiest battle*. This success east of Arras turned Hindenberg’s northern Although Mr. Thomas Hardy, the and Examinations pivot, and British critics regarded it famous English novelist, has lived as the greatest feat in the history of for so long in Dorsetshire* among the
very scenes that he has depicted so
VENIZELOS, THE GREEK PREMIER
I
political protection.
The first and second American con-
In England among the men khaki
SCENE AT THE END OF THE LAST BALKAN M AR
the Pirrus as he embarked
Gratitude of a Nation
Story Which Illustrates the Affection of the People of Greece for the Great Statesman.
This Is done by expelling great clouds of smoke of vapor from the trenches before the Infantry *c jn over the top. Generally the men wait until the cloud has settled over the
In the Far East
I A brilliant British campaign
Mesopotamia accomplished the cap-,	, .	.	, .
turc of Kut-el-Amara in February; 1 enemy s trenohe. confusing them and
preventing their firing accurately at

TORONTO COLLEGE OF MUSIC
hard as they could in all directions
crying
The boatmen of the port rowed after him, and stood up in their boats to call out a few friendly greetings and good wishes, with that touch of cordial familiarity that in a Greek is perfectly respectful:
"Good by!*
"A good passage?"
"Let the peace be worthy of our country!”
While some voices, as if repeating»
slow and solemn intonation But then, who cares for a thing like
that
"He is coming! He is coming?”
"Mho?” asked some passers-by.
And those astonishing little boys of Athens, who are as intelligent, quick and amusing as in the days of Themi-stocles, kept on running,—like Achilles, fleet of foot,—repeating in a shrill falsetto chorus, with high, piercing notes, "Venizelos! Venizelos!"
A motor car came in sight on the new road from Athens, which follows the pleasant curves of Phalerum Bay. It was a motor ambulance. On its
musical education of Canada. A copy of the Calendar being mailed to any address sent In, gives full information of the College Course of Instruction
*
August in the Melon Patch.
Oh. the sun shines hot on a big straw hat.
And the dust is hot on little bare.
The Prophet Without Honor

Not So Rich After All.
graphically in his books, he is of	such	"Mamma,”	said small Henry, "I
1 a retiring and modest disposition	that	don’t believe	Solomon was half so
Meanwhile	the	battles	of	Cham- his literary fame is unknown to a	rich as they	say he was." "WTiy
-	4.	4	...	.	.	.	pagne and	the	Aisne	had	been	car-'number of the quiet country folk	who	not?” queried	his mother. "Because.”
For the worn top rail is a perfect	seat, ( ried on by the	French.	Fighting in	live in his vicinity.	replied the youthful student, "it says
Loud and long the	the complaints M m n an oak tree stands	by	the	these regions	continues	after three	| An enthusiastic admirer once visit-	here *and he slept with his fathers’,
of the stringency of the times and	the	fence for shade,	months, during	which	the French	ed Dorsetshire and approached an old	If he had been very rich I guess he
wails concerning the	tightness	of	And the third just right for	the	little	have advanced	from one	to five miles	lady whom he found sitting outside	would have had a bed of his own.”
money; but these laments are not	bare feet.
coming from the manufacturers of When the prize-won search is made. ¦ chewing gum. Neither the war nor
British arms in the present war
prayer, in said from time to time: May God be with you!"
On French Front
Where the biggest melon grows?
gray sides appeared the Red Cross. Why did M. Venizelos come to the Piraeus in this conveyance? Rumor soon told us. A destroyer of the royal navy was awaiting him in the military port, where he was to embark for Saloniki, and virtually for the peace conference in Rumania. But on the way from Athens a breakdown compelled his chauffeur to come to a stop in the open country. What was to be done? Time was short. The
Fortune is Chewed up Every Year
along a fifty-mile front.
In June, 1917, the British began an attack on Messines and Wys- he?" he inquired.
any other calamity has affected the And the melon’s heart is so crisp and chaete in an effort to straighten out "Which Mr. H^rdy?" ysked the old
output of this great necessity. The	red	the Ypres salient. Gaining every ob- woman.	\	Change your food habits casually a#
annual outputs of chewing gum aver-	And sugary, cracked dead ripe in	jective, they advanced three miles	"Why, Mr.	Thomas Hardy, who	you would change your shoes. Look
.	.	.	..	A1„	.	age about 7,000,000 pounds, although	, two! .	on an eight-mile front. Portuguese	writes books,"	replied the astonished	around you and see the variety of
destroyer had	steal* up.	Already	the	jn 1913 the average reached nearly	Oh, who would care, since the hot road	and Belgian troope aided in this of-	pilgrim.	foods that you never heard of or saw
shrHK£ESfrr" 53,wh'"I'£;:L:5£r.*H£;'^
her cottage door.
"Mr. Hardy lives near here, doesn’t
The route to victory is the farmer’s
root

Hello, is this Sou charlib T
HOW ARE VOU ? - 3AV, MO VOU WEAR. THE. SCAR 0AL ABOUT MRS.
BixtfMoRcr - ho Ican’t veeN
-.well jujt now - n.L tell
' i voo WHEH i see sou .—-f
I WonoeR what
THb SCANDAL CAM BE — - f------
Hchmt, ton, I'm all OWR.
MAD - PERHAPS I
M-Pee-
Pl- Di - ? PEE. *
It
I
CURIOSITS IS WOMEN’S CREAT WEAKNESS
HELEN WILL Be OVER HER PEEVE
and be talking to me in five
MINUTES - JUST WAIT I I---
CARRIED
it Too PAR - please tell
ME about THE SCANDAL -WHEN MD "

I HAVE AN IDEA -
AND
fl
1
REMEMBER HEAR ABOUT ITfj |F | TELL
V0V I START
EAT IN <3 MV MEALS AT HOME AAA Hi
>U

zz
r
If
(

T
ON
/
/
A
I
1


/
I

\

as.

i

m
I
r
i


i

r
—
###PAGE###3###

TonJem
P
ê
i\ 0
0)A
*
Ô
I
19
o
In the management of the dairy cow» it is very important that the milking be done at regular periods.
That is at the same hour night and morning as nearly as possible
more equally the twenty-four hours "Story time and bed time, kiddies !"
divided in which the milking is called Aunt Barbara done twice, the more uniform will be "Ob, Aunt Barbara," pleaded Bobby, the quantity and the quality of the "mayn't we stay out a little longer ?
¦msm SSKfiSS IfeS'S 1=:,_......................
4BS-B55 ?===-:% ^&"SS5SS|p»H5?3 3SS332*
Sir'-- u	|	'HESHHEEe
HIE* *
AttsîfîÆS	“srp -c vji	isreu: s Er E'E'HBr s
g###» mas mam*
siis .=##= gs «sssiafPii
IBM
### SisÉEH	-
without other roughage :	or more cows. ^	Inferior cows lower herd profits, but are fatter,” he replied. ,
they can be detected by individual milk and butter records
\S/0/Ÿ£S
t
1
:*s«
i
i
w
Bed Time
Gmducbxf 6y Af/u) TM&n laur ^
The
X*
must be will b*
Mothers end daughters of alt ages are cordially Invited to department Initiale only will be publlehed with each queetlon •newer aa a means of Identification, but full name and addreee given In each letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answers mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed.
Addreee all correspondence for thle department to Mrs. Helen La*
Woodbine Avs„ Toronto.
are
DAIRY COWS’ SUMMER RATION
By Earl W. Gage
23*
dried
table fats, lard, suet and other cooking
un
1
cow
In
perhaps some of the othe* foods in 4. Foods depended i pon for sugar, the morning and make up f r it at th«
syrups, ; no..n and evening meals.
as sugar, molasses
get in the stable that is to blame, tinctly dark spots, due to the growth
of a fungus, in addition to an increased air space, and the outline of the yolk is no longer definite. A decay-
roadside. Mt wriggled up on the grass driven barefooted on gravel roads. ed egg shows a greatly increased size and kept on to the foot of a tree
"If we had a ladder, Aunt Barbara the horse's general health also affects 10f the shell contents, and a general i might put it up in the tree," said the hoofs.	running together of the white and
j Bobby.	.	--------+--------- yolk, no central dark nucleus outlining
_	l But, to the children’s surprise, the	Detecting Stale Eggs	the yolk being visible.
Dusty feeding floors or sleeping little traveller did not wait for a ladder	j Another method of testing an egg
quarters cause the pigs to cough much or for any help. Without any pause Since stale eggs contain substances tQ find out whether or not it is a of the time.	The floors should be1	for	thought It began to go straight up	deleterious to the health, it is ad-	gtoragp egg aruj	jf 80 how long it has
swept or flushed off with water every	the	tree trunk toward the leafy	shel-	vantegeous to test their condition be-	proba|,ly been held, is to place it in	a
fore serving them as food.	jg per cent, solution of salt at 70 de-
Take no chances with a sick hog. "Look ! Look!” cried Bluebell ; j Eggs purchased at the average city grcvs Fahrenheit. if the egg is Act quickly.	Get a veterinarian or a	but	Bobby was already looking	with	grocery store are in varying degrees	absolutely fresh,	it will sink. But	if
trained man	immediately. Use the	all his eyes.	of freshness, from those guaranteed	jtgg^id it will	not do so, even if	it
isa few days old.
The age of the egg can be determined, to some extent, by the position at which it floats upon the water.
Along the road, In the twilight, bob- The horses are left to stand all year Low yields bed the clumsy little creature until It around on a dry, hard floor or in the mean small profits or more often ac- reached the grass that bordered the manure or be washed in hard water or tual losses
WHEN THE THRESHING MACHINE COMES
Overfeeding or anything that injures, of the air space, due to the shrinking
To Assist The Housewife in Her Task of Preparing Meals For
the Harvesters.
one-half hours before time for
Not so much what to serve as what not to serve needs to be considered in preparing meals for threshing crews. Variety must be worked into all meals rather than into one meal. One error that we women too often make is the custom of serving more than one kind of dessert tion of the same type of food as, potatoes, rice and spaghetti, all of them starch foods which should be substituted one for the other, not all served at one meal.
one ana
serving prepare carrots, turnips and HH Add the turnips and carrots to the stock and after the meat is tender remove until nearly time to
Cook the beets separately,
beets
day
ter above
pgfj——p—1
using some of the meat stock to cover
Prepare onions and cabbage, j telephone or send to town	at once.	with its tall	for a prop and	with a	'	to have been laid within twenty-four
and parboiU each separately to take	Qnjy prompt action	will	stop	hog	mtle lift to Its	wings the bird hitched	hours to those which have been in
away some of the strong flavor. Cook	Solera losses. Every hog saved	will	along Its strange stairway.	the hands of farmers and merchants
the onions separately in the meat stocK	help win the war.	"Its wings	are yellowish	under-1	for weeks and perhaps in cold stor-
and after the cabbage has been par- Feeding unpasteurized whey from neath,” remarked Bobby. * I'm going age for months.
boiled put it in the kettle with the tur- factory to calves or pigs is a to get Aunt Barbara."	It is a simple matter to test the
About one-half excellent way to spread tuberculosis. "Aunt Barbara! Aunt Barbara!" age of an egg by holding it in front
Breeding ewes	require at least	he shouted at the side door. "There's	0f a lighted candle in a dark room.
The	meat	may	be	returned to	twelve square feet	of floor space in the	a bird here going upstairs all bv it-	The eye should he shielded from the	cut down their normal wheat conic to	be	reheated.	Serve the	8hed.	self!"	flame by a cardboard or other mate-	sumption by ICO,000,000 bushels to
nd	beets	in	separate	dishes.	gkim milk	and grain can be fed to Aunt Barbara hastened	after Bobby,	rial. In this	a hole should be cut	meet the needs of Great Britain and
le meat in	the center	of	a	lftr£e_____much better	advantage to hogs than "It's ft young flicker,"	she told the	alightly smaller	than the egg, against	the Allies. Hon. W. J. Hanna, Cana______________________________________	¦	children "He knows how to take	which hole the egg should be placed	dian Food Controller, estimates that
Rape seeded at	the last cultivation	care of himself, doesn't he ?"	where the light may penetrate and re-	to feed Great Britain, France, and the
is made by soaking one-half corn wj|| furnish abundant nitro-| "And he goes upstairs to bed with- veai the position of the yolk and of other Allies, and the men at the front,
out having anyone call him," said t^e üttle air chamber which exists at will require 1,10r».000,000 bushels of The only way to improve the hog	Bobby, laughing, with a shy glance at	the larger end.	If an electric light	wheat. This means at least 460,000,-
the farm	at the lowest cos, is by	Bluebell.	is available, or	a bright gas flame,	000 will have to be imported from
said Blue- these are, of course, much more ef- Canada and the United States. There bell, and slipped her hand into that of ^ fective in showing up the condition of will be under normal consumption in
these two countries only 300,000,000 When an egg is fresh the air cham- bushels surplus for export, and so by ber is small and the yoke is visible in special efforts of food conservation the the middle of the shell
egg is advanced in age, the air space will have to make up a shortage of is increased in size, and the yolk 160.000,000 bushels, sinks out of place, sometimes stick-The hoof is more exposed to wear ing to the side of the shell on which and tear than any other portion of | the egg has been lying.
At a still later stage in its deterio-
them
Another, is the duplica
?
Must Make Up Shortage.
Canada and the United States must
nips and carrots hour before serving add pared pota toes
Thj menus given here can be modified to suit local conditions.
The use of the fireless cooker is
strongly recommended for cereals and th® kettle to be reheete&l J M I
such foods as need long, slow cooking. on,on and beets in separate dishes _________l _	HI H
The evening meal should be anti- Place the meat in the center of a large murf| better advantage to hogs than cipated and everything prepared in platter and arrange the vegetables	mongrel dairy calves,
the morning that can be so prepared attractively about w. Borse-radish
thus saving strength, time and fuel	— -HHMPHHHHH^^^^M
Cookies, cake, salad dressing, beet cupful of soft bread crumbs in milk. gen0us feed for hogs in fall.
¦ egmggjsme^s m mu ¦ Drain and mix with one-half cupful of
well-drained horse-rauish. Whip one- me iarm av me iuwcov we, is uj half cupful cream and fold in carefully uging pure„bred male ; on well select
I HI	A pig that has been stunted in the her aunt
soaked and thoroughly washed ready early btage8 0f jta life should never |
D~*1	have a place in the breeding herd. I
The hog makes a mature product
quicker than any four-legged animal,
and in these strenuous times should
_ be the mainstay in our efforts to incorn bread, eggs, fried rice, muffins, syrup, coffee crea8e meat supplies.	|
or milk. Dinner: Baked ham, gravy,
boiled potatoes, crean ed peas, fried
apples, radishes, bread, lemon pie, iced
tea or milk.
ham, mustard, potato salad, buttered beets, pickles, bread, preserves, baked custard, tea or milk.
sauce
pickles and other items may be prepared the day before the first meals are served.
Breakfast:	Fruit, cereal, creamed
dried beef, poached eggu, potato cakes, hot biscuit, jelly, coffee or milk. Dinner: Pork, apple sauce, rice, boiled beans, boiled cabbage, fresh onions, corn bread, bread, caramel-custard ice cream, coffee or milk. Supper: Cold sliced pork, fried potatoes, baked "beans, cottage cheese, corn bread, biead, baked apples,/whipped tea <»r milk.MHMHpH^*
Immediately after breakfast put th* beans on to cook and when parboiled once, divide and prepare half for baked beans and allow the remainder to cook with the pork until tender. Make cottage cheese.
Caramel-custard ice cream is made by combining three cups of milk, two eggs or four yolks, one and one-half cupful sugar (one-half caramelized) and making a steamed custard. When this is cooled, add three cupfuls cream and freeze. This may be made early in the morning and packed.
The baked apples should be pre-
Extra
And now we'll go. too
the mixture of bread crumbs and horse-radish. The greens should be
the egg
to cook in the evening. Boil potatoes fo. breakfast the following morning. Put breakfast cereal in fireless cooker before bedtime.
Breakfast:	Fruit, cereal, bacon,
When an people of United States and Canada
Care of Horse's Hoofs
The best way to help others is to help them to help themselve^.
Fruit juices and stewed fruits are
cream

The hoofs corres
the horse’s body	-I > J	¦ ....
pond to the claws of other creatures, ration, the egg shows one or more dis-J safest for small children
The outside is of hard, dense, compact, insensible horn in ythin layers. The hoof is supplied with blood ves-
Supper: Cold sliced
THE
Egg eating is a habit frequently started by a broken egg in the nest.
At dir ter time cook extra potatoes To prevent: Have dark nests; keep
53SÏÏÜÎ
baked cu.tard.	you will know ju.t how old your hens pain, inflammation and po.s.bly lock-
At night, put breakfast cereal In are. A leg band on the right leg jaw and death. j ¦= fireless cooker. Mix and mold biscuit one year and on the left leg the next If the hoofs dry up 01 become i -for breakfast. Keep in the réfrigéra- g-flf assist in culling the flock.	tie there are many remedies, but non*
tor over night. Bake as usual in the If your chicks are not doing well better than nature. The dew is coolmorning. __-	something	is wrong. Look out for ing and softening and will heal hoof,
lice, and for worms in the Intestines, much better than bath.ng in hard wa-Two-year-old hen. had better be ter. Many hone owner, laugh et Perhaps one of the most remark- sent to' the market. They seldom the idea of n.tore taking car. of the
-msmsmam*
peUed to pick their living with the old will feed the hoof A brittle hoof There will also b. lew trouble must have, in any case, food and the
«UiM.
The horse’s hoof is made up of hid-, den springs, self-acting pulleys and cushion* ever soft. These all have to
inner
eels and nerves, indicating sensitive
----- ONTARIO ------
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE
ness
GUELPH.
Young Man-—
If you can’t go to War
Co to College
LEARN to increase your earning capacity on the farm.
LEARN business methods.
LEARN how to produce better crops and better stock.
LEARN to grow good fruit, better poultry and the best of everything.
September to April at the College April to September at Home.
public school education is sufficient for admission.
pared during the morning rice should be cooked and all that is left from dinner should be put into a pan and molded ready to slice for breakfast.
Put breakfast cereal in fireless cooker after supper Breakfast
ham, scrambled eggs, hot biscuit, jelly,
¦ Boiled

Fresh or Rottéfi Manure

toes
radish sauce, lettuce, corn bread, not easy to find, since rotted manure, tapioca pudding, coffee or weight for weight, is very consider-milk. Supper:	Corned-beef hash, ably richer in plant food than fresh
poached eggs, greens, sliced tomatoes, manure. It probably lies iif the bet-bread. fruit, cake, tea or milk. I ter inoculation of the ooil with desir-
The Hoiled dinner ahad* b# enrlv in the morning pudding should be made soon after breakfast,and thoroughly chilled.
For the boiled dinner wipe carefully a piece of well corned beef, plunge into hoiliiyr water end let	.	A _A
er «re Hour, until the meat U tender ! A crop nf corn he. K to 30 pw A pier, of mH pork from which the I cent, greeter fowling relue wher put r:r.d he. b6en removed mey be eddH | in the eilo than when fed u dry fed
Jelly
fowl
from lice
A growing chick will not thrive on
If the right kind of
rn
food is fed, there is little danger of
able forms by the fresh manure and
The tapioca
the greeter warmth set up by its

I
fermentation in the soil affecting beneficially the crop in its early
Opens September 21
Colleg
Write for calendar giving parti, ul.tr
old horse with a healthy set ef hoofs. It la not best to treat grain withJNearly all are brittle, «holly-dished or formaldehyde if it is to be fed. but the frog# ere cut away or the hdels in case seed grain is left it may be are high and inelastic, fed with safety a few days after treat- I’ve heard owners complain er
in the majority it’s the treatment the her
O. C. CREELMAN. B.l A . LL.D
er f


ef
quickly

###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE MALI, SHAWVILU :
• i l.	.	, UK party now nutuoerea omy nine,
tlioso I'H'Xm<-t‘s wlurh nave none. An | )ue having been killed and three
election around (’brutman would not W jthers iu addition to Kerr wounded.
at all probable, and if it goes after When	the	other eight Canadians
\ hristmas it need not be expected he-	bame on	the scene the opposing	ocean-going steamer built	in	Nova
fore the month of March next year.	orces were roughly seven to one in jcotia. was successfully launched reMem bvrs are chatting over the pro-	| avor of	the	enemy. Zollern Uraben	gently	by the Nova Scotia Steel	Com-
longation of the session, but there is	! * '« close at	hand, and the Germans	?any.	Work on this vessel	was	com-
littlv prosiiect that they will get away a Plentiful stock of munitions, oienced In October last from Ottawa More October/’	‘ “eluding a machine	gun,	yet they	has a carrying	capacity of	about
I -etused to make «me	last	Lid for	*,000 tons, a	displacement	when	.
| loaded of 2,870 tons and a jpeed of | b. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
month.
Government Competition to Control Price of Fisb
THE EQUITY.
Shipbuilding In If. 8.
The 8.9. War Wasp, the first steel
The following announcement was made by the Canadian Food Controller»' office last Wednesday :
Hon. F. O. Macdiarmid, minister of Public Works for Ontario, acting in cooperation with the Food Controller, has adopted the following joint recommend at ions of the Fish Committee of the Food Controller's Office and the Fa ecu live Committee of the Ontario Organization of Resources Committee :
1.	That the Government open at once Lakes Nepigon and Nipissing for net fishing in order to increase the available supply of Ontario fish within the shortest %*ossible time.
2.	That the fishing in those lakes lie done by the Government itself, tlmt the Government provide such refrigerator plants, storage warehouses and shipping facilities as may lie required ; that the price of fish be controlled from the water to the consumer.
3.	- That the largest amount of fish possible, consistent with a continuous supply, be taken from these waters, and a hatchery established to provide for restocking.
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 30, 1917.
O
O. Y. It. LODGE, No. 804, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. Hoduins, Hec.-Secy.
The boat |G. G. MvDowkll,
W. M.
It was not to Ik* exjiccted that the Prime Minister of Saskatchewan ceutly returned to jawer by the French and foreign vote, would sup|H»rt a union government or a win the war movement.
re
heir freedom
in-1 ad, they followed the pointed j Eleven knots per hour nstructloms of tbotr captor mkI made .heir submissive way down a eon-uunication trench into captivity.
The dlmen-Lengtb, be-220 feet;
ONE AGAINST SIXTY
Rko. HodoIns,
Secy.
Edward Dale W.M.
stone are as follows:
:ween perpendiculars,! moulded depth, 20 feet, and beam,
36 feet.
The War Wasp has been sold to the Uritlsh Government. A second vessel, about 25 per cent, larger, Is •	" *tomp*1,1 Vom
under construction, and a third vessel will occupy the berth vacated by the War Wasp.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
HOW PTE. JOHN CHTTMAN KEUH |while ?te. Kerr proceeded to the
lresslng station, .hence to tbs base ind across the channel to England, iblivious of the fact that he had t>een recommended for the Victoria Cross.
Pt3. Kerr is described as a typical specimen of the best Canadian man-nood—over six feet tall In his rocks ind an open air advocate. When war
rame he was homesteading at Spirit i and paper mills, many of which are River, Alta., and as there were no re- Marge and of modern design. The one against sixty odd," bruiting Forgeants there he, with n 1 ?xport figures for the calendar year Is the story just allow- iozen other ranchers, walk d in fifty jl 91# show that pu Ip wood, wood pulp,
ind paper produced have increased n value Id nearly $50,000,000, or
Auguste Lemieux, a brother of former Postmaster-General Lemieux, and prospective Liberal candidate for Ottawa, is candid than some of his leaders.
Rro. Monoiwm. Com. Scribe.
WON V.C.
A Graphic Story of the Heroic Act Performed by the Nova Scotia Boy, Who Was the Sixth Canadian to Win the Most Coveted British Military Decoration,
Shingles for Sale.
im ft
He said recently at a public meeting in the Liberal interest that the main thing
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
H. T. ARGUE,
„	Shaw ville, (juc.
A Growing Industry.
Canada now has a total of 90 pulp
was to win the election
N authenticated story of
A
u
V
Sir William llearst, Premier of On-fcars that shortage of food supplies will hinder the Allies in winning the war
fearlessly at the present situation. Unless there is greater thrift, economy and conservation of food, there will be a shortage of supplies to Great Britain and her Allies that will hinder her changes of winning the war, said Premier H carat.
FOR SALE
ed through the censor’s "dies to the railway and booked passage for the 100-mile trip to Ed non-
Here they enlisted, reaching rbout half of the total export value England In April, 1916.	| if forest products, with the excep-
^of specially manufactured articles.
tan
hands of how John Chipman Kerr, Canada's sixth and latest V. C. hero,
l’liat the administration of this won ^is \ Ictorla Cross, policy ho placed under the control of a permanent non-political commission.
ton
30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
R. W. HUDGINS,
Shawvillc.
We must look calmly and

4
Ptc. Kerr, the on of a Canadian
WANTS LUMBER BUSINESS
militia captain and born at Fox 1	--------
River, Nova Scotia, was transferred I000*1 Bwilts From Uimpalgn in
British Columbia.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
PARADISE OF ARTISTS.
to a battalion at the front on June
8th, 1916, In the course of	the re-	British	Columbia is	making a hold
was the Ark of the Covenant of our lih- Meantime, the attacking	parties	After a	cursory	Investigation	of or,olltal paradise o. art .
rtivs upon which no tyrant from Down- had advanced to the capture of Fa- the lumber market, an energetic , 1 w&s biamnng on a raiivxay p -ing Street must lav unholy hands. But back Grabtn, a difficult trench to campaign was decided upon. Alum- form lu Japan, waiting for a tram ana nowTomes"Nir Wilfrid turned aiMistate, take» as th,> mcn had to go forward ber commissioner was appointed and whiling away my time l»y watching a ill lint lining that weave not cm mille of iu Clique fashion. The centre was located in Toronto. The duty of this particularly beautiful sunset «¦di mini., mr ,,wn t,a*i.rt in this war and lakt n- aud Capt. Harstone rushed official is to confer with architects, Suddenly a freight train pulled In V , f. , ilp , , v tll A,..'1.'. his company, Kerr amongst them, to engineers, and users of wood in gen- and. stooping iu front of me. cut off
>: t z : v =	% sa sa:«as zsr*r,
t anadian press, east while a \\or>lnpi>er ¦ euemy, in unknown strength, retain- southern Instincts, and develop a Ilk of the autonomy god, sends up an up- ed possession of a stretch of 200 ing for the British Columbia output proving cheer The newspapers which yards, w here he was sandwiched Many good results have accrued only a few weeks ago were lambasting lu between different portions of the The British Columbia lumber com-Sir* Robert Borden for taking conscrip Canadian force. His hold on this missioner in Toronto has in many in-tion from England, who used to paint position was strengthened by the stances been able to assure users of poor Winston Churchill as a modern fa< 1 thal he a,8° heId ln greal force lumber in this Province of the effl
ba?gil"t
I lie iux) the>v sanu new>iu)H rs n«»\\ troop8| neither of which knew the xxaiit ro l»e theta ted to by the English, other’s strength in men and	muni-
At least that is what they profess. Lions, but the enemy had the	advan-
It was said of an English statesman tage of knowing every inch of the that ** lie exhausted the capacity ol ground, concealed machine guns, and change until I reside him instability snipers’ nests. Capt. Harstone delinked like constancy itself.” Sir Wil- -ided on a bombing expedition to glas tir of only 1,200 lb. per square fi-itl Lauriers mania for automonv was aust the enemy from the trench, and inch, as against 1,600 lb. for south
about	the only bit	of consistency that	|,e seat w;,rd this effect to the	?rn pine, which mer.nt	tha
Villi now	brigadier through his battalion head-	southern pine had a 25 per cent,	ad-
jiialters. The assault, however, had vantage over Douglas tir
:onsumeu all the bomba, and before pealed and persistent endeavor To
the supply could be replenished night ronto now admits Douglas tir and
had set In.	southern pine on an even basis. This
Meanwhile, an elaborate plan to is particularly important, because in
zapture this particular portion of Ontario the standard for Toronto Is
•	,	, ¦ ¦ T, ,, •, ¦ , Fa beck Grabvu aud also Zolleru Gra- usually followed by other cities and
!	1	Moi	vt	SrEnl V 1 1	’i té r 1	" %	I '	ben was in course of preparation by	municipalities."
two months ago by	hn Robert	Bordai,	f rench	and Italians,	and	Russians have	;he staff, but a brigade messaza it Is now claimed that	the	fact
Mr. Rogers was of opinion that negotia-	captured 167,790 war prisoners since	gave Captain Harstone an	allotted	that shipments east from British Co-
with the Opiposition should cease,	April 9, when the 1917 vampaigu open-	Lime in which to carry	out	the	tumbia have doubled during the past
r,i /•	nr.«1 to earn	^1, according to a statement issued by	bombing expedition.	%ear, the policy of establishing the
i .he uoxeinmuit pi •< u i taux	t|jç British War Department last even- A squad of a dozen men	was	de-	office in Toronto has been vindicated,
out plans of its own in res)»ect ol cab ing	tailed under Corporal Patterson to
invt reconst rurt ion ami .ml, ne jhv text of the British state,,,-it	‘Lf .XctTfT °tbe pout	, <>"'be Pe^-e Hirer.
It ion as was considered advisable^Jneei follows:	)f Qr^t bayonet man. His duty as >ve launched our craft Necessity,
the situation. The Premier, however, “ The ntmilier of prisoners captu.\d inch was to precede the party, dis- P,acvd °"r i>‘longings, well tied un
isü ipüâa iEül
miéistratum, and so Mr. l.ogvrs laid | lî.»ti.-l, .40,1M; German war prisoners Kerr c,lmbed the block or bound. lying upon the beach—to the great
captured by t rench, 43,, 23 ; chiefly iry llnef established in the Canadian ,oy* no doubt. of some lynx, coyote,
Austrian war prisoners captured by Ital- ;r<yebe and made his wav toward a 3r bear
ians, 40,6S1 ; chiefly Austrians cap. limilar obstruction erected by the The ride that followed wasdecid-News from the scat of war during the | lured by Russian*, 37,221, total, lb7t- ;nemy. The other men followed him. ?d*y tbe m09t exhilarating It has
Vindicate, that^^^
must severe character has taken place at .^isoners captured bv us since the U- the missile hurtling towards him, rough water- and; paet lbe Oral bend,
kS« -
Wrdun and also at theciml city of Lens including Indians captured b) the wmb b, off lhc {	{ ^	. f ‘Swing me around again. Willie,
..rr 1wiar" t,S ssraycrsiURss; ! ss^-sns'A'es; aw sms?	u , „,
Canadian divisions, who are iejN»itet 1 made hy the enemy in recent fighting ^usy, and neither could see the other nt0 lbe current again and went eczema, of the skin, nod so on—but are tube at close grips with the enemy and cannot tie given until the necessary in- aor the effect of their missiles.	:areerlng madly along between the ® failure Of the body as a whole to
"iuraced in a des iterate effort to drive formation is received from Germany.	Regardless of his wounds and of deep rock walls. In some places we carry on Its functions, aud the partieu-
is	:S1E
On the other hand, the Russians arel measure will not be allowed to go thro ais own huit. He warned to bear a ; remarkably well, in fact, it was so	, . t pre-emption. lYice $3.00 per acre, Du-
-................-«it i ÎHHS1 ¦
Ten-dollar War Certificate has Dominion franchise hill has yet lobe ;reachery, Kerr rounded the tirrt bay tbe bottom added greatly to the	acre. Must reside six months ia each
introduced, and it may lie provocative without Incident, holding his bayonet pleasure and novelty of the ride.— j	8 *r,	..	. of three years, cultivate 60 acres and
HI	of much deliate. It is understood that	3xed. They had retired to	tbe other	| From On the Headwaters of Peace	The use of shark skins for leather Is	erfiet	A house worth $.300 00
A war saving* certificate which will	the present intention of the Government	?xtrcm!ty of tbe trench.	River,” by Paul L. Haworth, in	hem ming a large ludustry, and many	Holders of entries nxnst count time of
1 at $8.00 and ret urn to the purchaser is to extend tbe franchise to women, f Kerr discovered this when on Scribner.	_ j Ashing sloops are now engaged In the employment as farm labourer* in Can
$10 at the end of throe year» will he but how^ far the extension will	ill "ounding ue third bay of the trench |	business of cifchhig sharks. This work ^da during 1917 as residence dnt if s un-
mm# mm# me
iiu.lr .vaiUMe for the imrpnw, nf thr the women of Ibo* province, which reneb amply provided with amm ini-	. of m^Tlh.n f L _ da> priority in applying for entry at
s^tAissts stit—« -1-*- susjwr ss % saxi	ssûm: EtSüatt
<icn<«mination* of S2V and #100 All poinU to no election thin year, dity waved a white rag at him.	nltloo twice that amount. For an If you want something you should .
having been w>li] *inre la»l January.	Parliam-nt may go on till it i* auto- Kerr signalled to tbe	Germans	I *rn»y * a ¦Mw •*-*- ***- —1 u	| "**~ M >—¦ — »—-
During the [amt several month, sale,	matically dia*»lved on October 7. the	,lth hle r,fle 10 cllmb OTer	Para-	than «120.0U0.0(*Xtbat of .mmunlttoo	.earth and work for It ea if you el-
have range.! from $#«1,0») v- #300,000 limit of it, life, and it will take all of lee' •' lbe	caJlin* to hU more than 1240X100.000-Major 8. D. | peeled no help from beev
« —"	1 »« —w v. ^ ,1» ua. rsS‘A,S7L2S*i&^	u,"“-
Our Autonomy Gone
Story of a Curious Incident That Hep-
pened In Japsn.
William M. Chase, the American ar-
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thors.
First Friday,
Elmside
Embargo Placed on Canned
Goods
Toronto, Ont., Aug. 21.—In view of the abundance obtainable fresh from the garden and field, Hon. W. J. Hanna, Food Controller, has decreed that the sale and consumption of canned goods must for the present cease.
He ordered that an embargo to come effect on the above date, shall In* placed on the sale of canned pea>, corn, tomatoes, etc.
Such go< hIs cannot now be sold by the retailers, nor K‘ consumed in the household, ami only in the case of min-ind construction camps and dining cars are exemptions
i
Wyman, •
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn • Last Monday
of each month.
•business,” I merely turned philosophically away uud proceeded to look ut something else. In u moment, however, the station mastei appeared ut my side ami inquired with the politest of hows if I had be- :: enjoying the sun-
int
i
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
%
FOR —
1 admitted that X had and smilingly or l?ss discriminated against in the I accepted his apolcgy for the Intrusion 1 x l,x l;iWS-	I Of the train, of course I rovognlzvd	u
One report states that:	"It was |(bat (rains were the hrst consideration | The Old Reliable Fonthlll Nurseries,
round that city by-laws, where they existed
Shawvllle and District
mg
illowed to this
TO FELL FOR
1er
In stations, I said.
Imagine my sunrise, then, when the tittle Japanese shook his head firmly. “But no," he said, bowing even more deeply than before; "the train mus; ihe | not be allowed to obstruct the honorable artistic traveler's honorable a es-After re- Ithetic enjoyment*’ -or words to that effect ‘T will cause i» to withdraw."
And he actually did precisely that!— Exchange.
—o—o—
Splendid lUt of stock for Fall Plant ing. 1917, and Spring Planting. 191S. including many new varieties which we alone control.
uniformly gave preference
For Instance, To
to southern pine roe to allowed a fibre stress for Dou
The resignation of Hon. Holiert Hog-
f Public Works was ont
its as Min isle i of the chief developments of the political situation at Ottawa last week and it naturally evoked considerable interest in Parliamentary circles. Mr. lingers, it it well known, was not particularly enamoured with the union government idea and when Sir Wilfrid Laurier rejected
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent’s proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
clustered about his career even that is gone.
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1897)
Allies have taken 167,870 Prisoners since the Spring
Ontario.
Toronto
Hay In Church.
A curious custom bus been observed from time immemorial at Old Weston, Huntingdonshire, in England church there Is dedicated to St. 8within, and on the Sunday most nearly approaching St. Swltlnn’e day the edifice is strewn with new mown hay.
The tradition is that nu old lady bequeathed a field for charitable pur-lloses on condition that the tenant provided the bay to lessen the annoyance caused by the squeaking of the new shoes worn by the villagers on Feast Sunday. There are other explanations —one that it is on offering of the first fruits of the hay harvest, and another that it is a survival of the custom of strewing the church ( when the floor was only beaten earth) with rushes.
\U to that end, made to him
l
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
The
t ions
Mu
Homeseekers*
Excursions

To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta anil British Columbia, May to October, 1017.
Good going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 30tli, 1917. Return limit two calendar months from date of sale.
down the seals of offici
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shawrllle
1
Disease.
Diseases are not Isolated affections
of the single organs or groups of organs In which they manifest themselves—mumps, of the salivary glands; typhoid, of tbe bowels; consumption, of the lungs; nephritis, of the kidneys;
Synopsis of Canadian North Westland Regulations

1
*

er forty thousand prisoner»#
reported to lie retiring Wore a new German offensive, launched in the Riga

r<
is much activity
>
has been Issued

2
I
one
w W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. —-Unauthorised publication of
this advertisement will not be peid for

i L

6
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
GAME HAZARDS
Pontiac School Fairs
Ladies’ Apparel
H Weekly Journal devoted to loom Iqtereite.
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
The Safety and the Danger of This Widely Used Liquid.
A cordial invitation is extended to all pupils and parents to the Pontiac School Fairs, to be held as follows ;
Clarendon and Shawville School Fair in Shaw* ville Academy, Thursday, Sept 6th.
SaiHURiPTION, $1 a Ykar ilf Advance
tW All arrears* must be paid up before injr paper la discontinued.
Summer Wash Skirts
DEADLY PERIL IN ITS VAPOR
O
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cent* per line for 1st Insertion and ft cent* per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business card* not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcement* Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for llrst Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
A Ivertlsement* received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-fished free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
When It Accumulates In a Closed Room Its Explosive Power I# Tremendous, but It Takes a Naked Flam# or an Electric Spark to Ignite It
Summer Wash Skirts in good weight of white This season’s styles with large pockets.
$1.25, to clear at $1.00
repp.
Gasoline is a wonderfully safe liquid If handled properly, says William II Stewart, Jr., the automobile exi>ert.
The real danger comes from the fact
that some people do not realize how I n____________i_ _ n ^ n ,	,	„ *	^	^ .
danKorous u is and «the™ do not rem-I oampDell8 Bay School Fair on Separate School
ize how safe It is and so give way to panic if any of It catches fire. A few suggestions for handling it will go far toward reducing the danger attendant in its use.
I Gasoline Is a mixture of several liquids obtained from crude petroleum by distillation. It Is water white in color —that Is. colorless except in large masses, when It has a bluish tinge. It bolls at a temperature of 115 to 150 degrees F., giving off a heavy vapor, which is quite colorless, although possessing a characteristic odor. As this vapor may readily accumulate on the floor of a closed room, it constitutes one of the real dangers of gasoline.
All it needs Is a flame to cause It to spread destruction on all sides.
For the present note how safe gasoline really is. It cannot be set on fire by the glowing end of a cigarette or cigar, although If the cigarette paper catches fire the gasoline will take fire from that. This matter of safety may easily be proved by pouring a small quantity of gasoline Into a tumbler and putting the lighted end of a cigarette .
Into the vapor while pulling It vigor- | StPclW EHICI F©lt TlcitS,
Having satisfied yourself that It will not Ignite, dip the glowing end into the gasoline, and It will be instantly extinguished. Evidently the vapor needs the Intense heat of a naked flame or the electric spark in order to ignite.
A popular error Is to the effect that gasoline Is highly explosive, some imagining that It is only necessary to touch a match to It In older to have It îxplode like gunpowder. Nothing could he further from the truth. Pour a dram or two on the kitchen table and set fire to it. It bums quietly with a characteristic yellow flame and black smoke. Even if heated in a closed
Bristol School Fair in Town Hall at Maple Ridge, Thursday, Sept. 7th.
Commercial
Middies
Grounds at Campbells Bay, Saturday Sept. 8.
Girl’s and Misses’ Middies in plain white, or with wide pink or blue stripes from 10 years up to size 38.
To clear at 20 p. c. discount.
V *
C. H. HODGE, B. S. A.,
Macdonald College Demonstrator.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Batiste Muslin
TAILORING
Professional Cards.
Three pieces of Batiste Muslin, white background with pink and gold Mowers, or pink flowers with small black stripe. Keg. 15c. per yd. to clear at 11c.
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
GRAY, BLUE,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Campbell» Bay •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
(licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Children’s Sox
Sizes 4 to 5& Per Pair 25c.
In colors of pink, tan, sky.
Rain Coats,
S. A. MACKAY
Sport and Work Shirts.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
SCHOOL BOOKS
Que.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
All ready for School Opening, with Scribblers, Pens, Pencils, Ink, Erasers, Rubbers.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *c.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
'Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
G. F. HOGGINS GO. L’TO.
lank It will not explode if a vent is provided. Of course water will explode If heated too much in a tank
The bursting of the tank is due to va-	UlCIltS C\d' pKlCCtl bcforG 1116 public
'ompames, ana fry companies opérai-	P°r pressure and not to an explosion Qf this district. Prices are SUCll that it will be to intending
Og in the United States and Great	such as Is produced In an engine. But	0
M	.	..	. _	_ Britain. These vast holdings, be- the must unreasoning fear comes from purchasers’ interest to COIlSlllt Hie before placing their Order
Movement	_ R-,.	«I-	elsewhere. Nothing too large—othing too small.
Canada Is making definite plans	’auee °F the increased value of all	Jon see the tank torn to pieces and the
to provide farms for such of the re-	Products of the land, are enhancing	uperimeiiter blown high in tbe air.
• turned Dominion soldiers and sailors 11 value	year Those who hold Nothing of the 8ort hapi>ens. The va-
• -
soldiers and sallois of the British 10 Intention of Improving them iuy kitid- 1Li;9 s 0h]y ^ r! army. To those trained In the me-	Jntll compelled to do so by some	Ji case the tank has been filled several
thods of farming, and who will agree	astern of taxation which will oper-	tours. A tank just emptied of gaso-
ite virtually as confiscation or ex-	Ine or one freshly filled will give as
;ood an explosion as one could wish.
To see why a full tank does not explode pour a few ounces of gasoline nto a preserve Jar. Shake it up and set 3re to the vapor at the top. No explosion takes place because gasoline vapor j not explosive except when mixed with air in the right proportions.
Probably the greatest danger from çasoline comes from the fact that the rspor is very heavy and colorless.
Since It cannot be seen there is little
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC-
HOMES FOR SOLDIERS.
•Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tr Visits Shawville every Saturday.
CEO. G. WRIGHT, K.C
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
I
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
196 Main St. - Hull.
to occupy the land and cultivate it, the plan Is to grant tracts of 160 >ropriation.
¦ acres each, and to make a cash loan of $2,000 at 5 per cent, annual interest, for a erm of years. The money	James White,	assistant chairman
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR j advanced, it is explained. Is to be	>f the Canadian	Conservation Comused by the settlers in providing	nlsslon, recently	paid a visit to Vic-
CAMPBELLS	BA I,	QUE. stock and equipments, and in making	oria. B.C., and,	after a tour of the
Improvements upon the lands Pacific Coast provinces, stated that Will be in Fort Uoulongc every NVed granted.	id believed the pulpwood resources
.nesday and Shaw ville every Saturday,	In this comprehensive plan Can- -vere in the neighborhood of 250,-
includes three progressive meas- >00,000 cords. He said that the silures. Two of these are openly avow- jation was,
ed. They are to provide the defend- hroughout Canada, especially In the
era of the Dominion and the Empire Par East, where the extent of the I üdication of its presence. It may ac-with comfortable homes, where the mlpwood had been grossly overesti- 1 cumulate at the bottom of a closed men will be contented and self-eus-	nated. Cruisers in Eastern Canada	“00m or on the floor of a garage until
taining, and materially to increase	md the United States had, In some	j	some one drops a lighted match and
agricultural production In many sec-	ases, reported that there was	j	iets fire to It When allowed to accu-
tionj of the country. The third pur-	mough material to last fifty years.	DUlate in this manner Its explosive
i üh=:i mmm
vast tracts of rich land, in the	America must now look to the West	•	dne vapor ln the cellar. A lighted
Prairie provinces, now held by non-	or Its supply of pulpwood. With	j	aatch caused tbe trouble,
resident speculators. Even at the he East facing exhaustion, British j It is evident, then, that care must ALL KINDS OF	I outset the perplexing question Is Columbia's pulp-making woods were to taken to avoid such accumulation.
Surveying. Division	and	Subdlvuion of	tsked by	friends of the plan:	Where,	lestlned to meet a large part	of con-	| Keep the premises ventilated so that
pi,.tn,.LrîrlnSi£i0£îl?fl’.e*c	e<l	1	,n th08e	eectlone	ln wblcb	Inental requirement». Soon	Canada	I die vapor will be dlwdpated as fast as
llani, Line., Houndane., etc.	land can be put quickly and easily sould be tbe world's greatest source * |, formed. Do not spill gasoline,
¦ asouted earetully	to	the ealtsfae- under cultivation, can the necessary	>t pulp and paper. It regulated, the	|	being especially careful while filling
tlon of parties.	acreage be found within reasonable	orests of British Columbia could	,„kl-N>w York World.
10J W.CLUNOTO, ST. .. HULL, j ^	“the SKEW?' ‘ -------------------------------------------T~
I hone i Queen 5230.	! prairie provinces are quoted as say- ndefinite period.	I	Fl,ee en° F,lth*
Ing that but little available land can I	---------------- . Tbe fly is born in. lives and thrives
______	_ , be found which will comply with	Western Game Plentiful.	apon filth. If no filth is allowed to
GEORG E HYN ES	specifications. There are, It Is Game Warden O’Neal, of Vernon iccumulate in a house or its neighbor-
said, upwards of	100,000,000 acres	g.c., reports that during bis	recent	aood win not ** troubled by files,
of fertile	land, in	Manitoba,	Saskat-	rips over the Okanogan district he	for they do not ordinarily stray far
Embalmer and Funeral Director ISUffa£*J£. ^ ZUTr^.Swyc^
more accessible	led tuition, are aw?y on mîlltïïy * *hlch ,0	tbelr ^
_	. The people of Canada, it Is safe to tervlce the deer appear to be return-
UNDERTAKINC p ..u*ST2J	¦>« ...... « _
And CMP A I MINn h,aTe4fougbt lh?	s tof the Em- »tber hand, the game warden says wd twenty-four hours when her par-
^ ” P M L» Iwl lliti pire to accept inferior land when hat prairie chicken and grouse are ot died too. Park#—The poor bird died
eously situated. It would not be Jest ravels.
to force the returned soldiers to 1m- 1	—	----
prove remote tracts, thus enhancing Chicago to Canadian Highlanders.
Allcftlb will receive prompt per I	inZ
tonal attention	I Province of Alberta, agitation hat Mme* y
been begun toward forcing the Hud-	*r
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B
When you require Printing
call at
Wood From the West.
ADVOCATE
THE EQUITY OFFICE
however, serious
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
HULL
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
THE MARKETS.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality that the Valuation Roll, made by order of the School Commissioners of the Municipality, is debited in my office, where it may be examined by the interested parties during thirty days from this notice, during which time any ratepayer interested may, in writing, complain of such Roll which shall be taken into consideration and homologated at a meeting of the School Commissioners to lie held on Saturday 15th September, at one o’clock, p. m.
Given at Shaw ville, this 15th day of August, 1917.
SHA WVI1LE
Flour perbarrel 913.50 Wheat, pel bushel, $2.00 to 2.23 Oats, per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, $7.CO,
Butter tubs, prints And rolls 32c Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Eggs per dosen 37c.
Wool, washed. 75c.; unwashed* 55c. Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 73c. to 1.7.3 each Horse Hides each 6.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
The following are last Sat urdays quot allons :
Butter, In prints 10c to42c Batter in palls 33 to 40c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 45 to 47c Potatoes per bag. $2 23 Pork per 100 lbs #20 00 to 24.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $10.50 to #1 Oats per bushel 73c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.00
m. a. McKinley,
Aset. Nec. Treaa.
Waiting For the Chance.
FARM FOR SALE.
W. J. HAYES
Good dairy farm, ;*art of Lots 4 and 5, first Concession of Bristol containing 300 acres—100 valuable bush.
Will sell 200 acres of above property. For particulars apply to
G. T. DRUMMOND,
Bristol, Que.
Ruffed Up.
Poet—Think a he's tbe whole thing, doesn’t be? Parker-Well, Id hardly go •• far as that, but be certainly considers hi
9HAWVILLI
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
If a quorum.—Smart Set
ou have stood with sturdy ranee
Bay Company .ither to taka
title to large areas of regerve lands, «nee you have dared with death to
% 'Z ts-ss 'Bi&trsffga -¦
__ taxable, or. In lieu thereof, to have t* glowworm to the we
To»ns	agapK
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
Ropes Mad# ef Human Hair.
In building the Nlsbl Hongwanjl temple of Japan the heavy beams of the roof were hoisted Into place with
FOR SALE.
For sale a property situated on the north side of I.ang St., being lot No. 88., __	.	j jj
A good dwelling houw. .table, kitchen	R*l«milli AreeeiW and Otn.awu
and well. Very centrally located. For | Young stock of each breed. Apply to
y
hair
ropes made of bu
ELWIN ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake Stork F
No
a E. K. MrCL’AJG. 4
Shawville, Que. «iJS
MARION 6 MARION. 1$4 University SL. Me*trial.
mm
10-4

###PAGE###6###
s&
Girls Wanted

m
Preserve all you can with
t


Æ

i;
To Learn Cloth Weaving. Will Be Taught and Paid Good Wagee While Learning. Experienced Weavers Can Earn $2.00 to $3.00 Per Day
1
L antic
Sugar
I
I
>


WKITE OB CAM.
N
A
The BARRYMORE CLOTH CO.
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
Lesson VIII. Proteins.
/
i
1179 KING ST, WEST, TORONTO
for the sake of economical ami wholesome desserts.
10, 20 and 100-pound Sacks 2 and 5-pnuml Cartons
W rilr for free copies of our three new Cook Rmikt-llto *c tiding us Red Ball Trade-mark.
Atlantic Sugar Refineries Limited, Montreal
Plums
Proteins are the foods wç depend , tain large proportions of gelatin, upon for body building and repairing Extractives form the third class of waste tissue. Eighteen per cent, of proteins. This extract is the flavor-the human body is composed of pro- ing which is found in foods. Great
tein. It is one of the most import- care must be taken while cooking mo-<t vigorous preachers among
Meats.
In preparing meats for food, two methods are employed.
First, where it is the object to ex-
was an old There is dry said the
Dry Rot.	.things the pulpit, which
The Bishop of London is one of the one, wanted attention. —
the rot in it, your lordship
sexton, and then added:	It is a thing
have a spicy zest which makes them a favorite preserving fruit, and several excellent varieties are plentiful this year.
140
i
The compounds of protein are divided
„	..	,	, .	... into three classes, viz., albumens,
walls were blank and bare-all iron, gelattnoidSt and extractives.
»....« »,„ », —
was Pat1» opening remark to the as- of a thick, white, viscuous liquid, into the liquid or broth, as in soups, sembled men.	Albumen is present in the casein of meat tea, and broths. The meat is
“The American Apaches make you milk, and in meat. It is in the form cut into small pieces, added to cold their queen,M was the laconic response of gluten in wheat and cereals, and as water, and brought slowly to boiling of the spokesman for the crowd.	legumin in beans, peas and lentils. It point. Then it is allowed to simmer
Meetings here every day at high	readily in cold water and at a temperature of lt>5 degrees
j noon, said"! at. e \u as>em > c coagulates upon the application of Fahrenheit. This method extracts
I WUhouT further parley the men heat. The white of egg coagulates or all the nutriment from the meat, stood at silent salute while Vat with- thickens at a temperature of 150 de- Second, searing or coagulating the drew from the assembly room the way gres. Cooking beyond ll>5 degrees surface of the meat I she had entered.	of heat will toughen the albumen, placed in boiling water or steam for
I Hardly had the queen of the Amer- making it difficult to digest. For this five or ten minutes and then processed u*m Apaches divested herself of the reason all egg and egg mixtures should at a simmering temperature long clonk, the Mack tights ami loose-	cooked in a slow, even heat.	the surface of the meat is brought in
tilting picket t umplvting ici <o>tumv.	Gelatinoids form the second class contract with intense heat for the»
hig^roomdoor.8 Commanded to enter", f Protein, compounds. Gelatin is same purpoee. coagulation, or searing the butler presented to Pat a business found in the connective tissues, which | the entire surface. It is then procard on which was printed:	are their leading constituent. It is cessed at a simmering temperature.
Robert Jackson—High-Speed Motors, also found in meat; tendons, cartilage This method preserves all the nutri-
in the meat. The
are a very important element in ing has the effect of preventing the the body. The entire wall cells con-, loss of the meat juices.
t
Ontario Veterinary College
&ZG
110 University Avenue, Toronto, Canada the control of the Department of Agriculture of Ontario Affiliated with the University of Toronto.
Calendar Sent on Application
Under
PUDDLE
College Reopens Monday, Oct. 1, 1917
E. A. A. GRANGE, V.S., M.Sc., Principal

6

MASK
/V/-
< v


Men's,'Womens and Childrens Shoes
\	•	v ' 8 -	$	» "
Looks Better Lasts Longer Easy to use , Best for Shoes

ï
» t

4

The meat is
V »
Qp (iraœ (xuvcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film
Mfc Co
Whitc.C.ihv
lOc
.White Liquid-
1 lOc.

pi
Or

4



a r
r

3


• i

»
“Bring him in," said Vat Mr. Jackson appeared to he a fine The? type of American business man.
“My Paris representative has cabled
said Mr.
z

I
•v
NINTH EPISODE

WHITE
SHOE
DRESSING
The Strange Discovery	J _| ¦¦¦¦
Pat's presence in the city was known me that you would arrive
Apuvhusyth ro‘i™'h'iinf mU^tion "he had “I’m glad to see you," said Put in Beets flashed, by wireless, from the ship most cordial greeting.	them until tender,
that brought her across the Atlantic. “My factory is building high-speed then remove the skins The “Queen of the Underworld,” ruler motors on war orders," Jackson re- sterilized jars, of the Parisian Apaches, was to hold sumed, “and I am extremely suspici-' boiling Balt water
equal sway over the American band ous of treachery and the presence of am, ]i(j in position parti„lly tighten
» w Khr.;"ti.sstd« % -t «-. ^	.
temporary residence had been espe- agreement that Pat and some of her one-fourth horns in a not water >uth \\ ush thorn well and then put them in dally constructed for the American lieutenants should obtain employment after the water starts boiling. Ke- a saucepan, adding two cupfuls of wra-Apaches, and the first meeting of the in the Jackson factory.	move from the hath and tighten the ter. Cook until the berries are soft,
clan had been appointed by Pat's	At the meeting of the	Apaches the	lids securely. Test for leaks and	then	then rub them through a fine sieve,
wireless message. The day and hour	next day, Pat delegated	a few of her	store in a cool, dry place.	Measure them and to three cupfuls of
was the same as that she had set for men to apply for work at the Jack- Greens.—Prepare and can as soon this mixture add two ounces or corn-holly to call and redeem the stiing son factory.	as you get them home. Sort and starch. Mix well and bring to the
Ssa aas a#	5S=œs5
lips, at his hotel. Then Kelly returned	Thus it came about	that several	quickly into cold water.	( ut	in	con-	0f cinnamon or nutmeg. Put into
to the drawing room to learn, if he	new hands were hired	at Jackson’s	venient lengths. Pack tight	in	jars	custard cups and set aside to mold,
could, from Pat, the method by which factory. Pat disguised herself in and season to taste. Add hot water Then place on the ice to chib. Rinse she had smuggled the valuables ashore, overalls and cap, assuming an air of to fill crevices and a level teaspoon of the custard cups with cold water be-But now the room was empty, and Rstlessness that was designed to salt to each quart jar. Place rubbers fore pouring in the custard.
f==!sr w ms;,-—™......................................................-
mum %
termelon. Place in a preserving kettle and cook until thick, adding the
following spices, tied in a piece of * oven pour over it a mixture made as | cheesecloth : two teaspoonfuls of gin- follow :	One-half cupful of w ater,
teaspoonful of nutmeg, two three tablespoonfuls of sugar. Mix
half well and then bake as directed
Place an
teaspoonful of allspice Wash the beets and cook asbestos mat under the preserving ket
Cold-dip and tIe to Prevent scorching. _ ___ 1 I Pack into glasses and seal as for jellies.
Fill the jars with*
Place the rubber
Canning Recipes.

Pour into
Seasonable Dishes
Huckleberry Cornstarch.—Carefully over one pint of huckleberries.

* «
CANADA LTD. HAMILTON, CAN. ,
s 1


y
i
¦v
u

1

F.

h.it
K
M

i
.•


• •
L Wv'"'''
I
/
4
X
k. \ ,



¦A
passage
against the fastenings of a door in the wall she rapped with her fist three times upon the iron surface and then swung open the heavy castings.
Masked men, to the number of a score, in long black cloaks and cowls, stood around a table in the center of an otherwise unfurnished room. The
X
m
?
erate oven
•K

Note—Before putting the roll in the

A.
ger, one
taaspoonfuls of cinnamon, one
Is pure refined Parowax. It keeps the tumblers absolutely air-tight. Keeps the jellies free from mold and fermentation.


.SK If yiomacb hurls
MacLean, further excited Pat’s watch-	Itrinlf Hot W'ltPT
I ness. And as he invariably engaged	”1 lui Ilul if dlVI
in whispered conversation with Elliott
on these occasions, Pat finally conclud-i ,.|f dyspeptic*. sufferers from gas. cd that some unusual move should be wind or flatulence, stomach acidity or ma#ip	sourness. gap trie catarrh, heartburn.
If''you could arrange to unexpect- ;
edly leave town on business—to be hot water Immediately after eating.
plotters," Pat said, one day to her em- patiente.'* In explanation of these nl„vpr	•	i words a.well known New York phyel-
P Iickson turned in hi, revolving	*dhu\*	«.d,T%d
chair, looked steadily at Pat and re- fermentation of the food contenta of the
stomach combined with an Insufficient blood effpply to the stomach ter Increases the blood supply and blsur-! a ted magnesia Instantly neutralise» the i excessive stomach arid and stops food fermentation, the combination of the ----	two, therefore, being marvelously sue-
Properties of .he Wonderful Fluid	•"ASS,d^5ïï^.bti«î5diti
Which Forms Our Native Element. or medicine# for Indigestion

MURRAY-KAY
ZJm/fod
{Dxïtowckv
PURE REFINED PARAFFINE
I
Cdt.B922
Fall 0
Winter
1917-iS
gives the l)est results with none of the trouble All you have to do is the tumbler tops an

pou" melted Pa row ax over <1 the preserves will keep indefinitely. Paru wax is absolute insurance against fermentation of any sort.
FOR THE LAUNDRY—See directions on Parowax labels for its use in valuable service in washing.
At grocery, department and general stores everywhere.

la
/
plied
Hot wa
(To be continued.)


?
THE VIEW LESS AIR

THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
\	Limited
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES




“It’s remarkable how -many things
we can do with air," says a scientist. ' Since the outbreak of war South “I can weigh it, I can carry it around African mines have yielded £100,000 throw off any suspicion that might be in liquid form in a small bottle in 000 worth of gold, directed toward her.	my pocket we taken
One day Pat noticed a pretty girl, the air	we die in a few minutes
accompanied by a fine-looking young „k fiah takefi out of water. Few
The Apache queen lingered in the invigorating and gives a zest for hard outer office until she could think up work, mental or physical, while in an-some trival thing that would take her other it leaves one depressed and in-within earshot of the conversation. I capacitated.
Jack Elliott, superintendent of the fac | «Numerous important manufactur-tory coming suddenly upon	the girl	.	processes are radically affected by
as she was listemng, gave	her the	^	amoUnt of moisture in the	air or
here^kid,"' «id Elliott gnif- by it. temper.tur,. We cornmunic.U fly, “I don't know what the	old man	our	thoughts by air. If t^el^	*
has you around here for, but	I'm sure	vacuum between us you couldn	t hear
it's not to listen in on his private con- a word I am saying, variations.”	“Weren't see air and so unless it
"There's a whole lot you* don't moves we forget about it But we know," said Pat .	___ know that if it moves fast enough it
Mary MacLean, his niece, and that Wallace Drew, the young man who had called with her, was paying court to the young lady,
"Well, I don't like
Pat Disguised Herself in Overalls and
TORONTO ONT
Cap
This cut represents, on a small scale, the cover of our new Fall and Winter Catalogue No. 22G, which will be ready for mailing early next month.
The fashion pages, with their fine half-tone illustrations of the latent styles in Suits, Coats, Dresses, Furs, Millinery, Footwear, etc., are of special interest to women.
The prices quoted are moat reasonable and we prepay charges to your post office or station on every garment illustrated.
Write for a copy to-day.
z

D
A

Jwt
iseSft

“Redpath" stands for sugar auality that Is the result of modern equipment end methods, backed by 60 years experience and a determination to produce nothing unworthy
of the name “REDPATH".
A wheel can be turned fast
enough so that the motion of the air alone will cut into steal. Air in tion will drive a feather several inches into a tree. The friction of air r nst a meteor produces heat gh to melt Iron. The runs of
the futyaaHHIHÉlMH^HB


MURRAY-KAY

Drew's looks. If
“Let Redpath Sweeten it99

you don't mind my sayine so. furthermore, I'm good to keep , on Elliott, your foreman. He i I all right, but I
And
17 le SI K.'tt at. e
TORONTO	¦¦

Made in one grade only—the highest !
an
rX
ONT






###PAGE###7###
;
<
<
<
P«P «d Punch
into the daily job during efforts to put them into khaki. The I’m home again in England! the hot days is a matter Of P®op,e are beginning to threaten Across the dappled plains physical and mental fitneaa_	u™' M*v who former|y bad small I see the sweep of Severn,
.nd this =orn«from loci. SSS.X’SlSS'-S that supply the greatest ^ t0 accept without protest the That cheer the Cotswold lanes, amount Of real nutriment *ree^ine"e with Which the Jews pick
s55wuïS :bee:„
meat and potatoes and eat pr2,7lpt.,y t0 avo,(i demonstrations. And here my heart’s made sweet Shredded Wheal Biacuil *v » is8U? ha\been Put »<lu*rely to By laughing rills and water-mills
with sliced bmn.. or other	X5SJ"“ Tl“‘ "» »"«“ "h“‘-
fruits and green vegetables. 71,6 w«r he» brought them abound- I’m home again in Englandl
Strengthening and nourish- . Pro8P«rity. but they don’t intend Home for a little span
™|	jj acknowledge their obligations to < From traffic in the desert
the community that has been kind to them.
CONVALESCENT.
»
Why Cherries Are Ruddy.
It was the theory of Darwin that ! nature made cherries beautiful to the eye for a definite purpose. Red, he said, was the most prominent and attractive colAr. Cherries turned to that hue in order to attract birds. Birds, noting the brilliant globules, tasted them, found them to their liking, told other birds and consumed the cron, swallowing seeds and all.
this way the cherry stones were carried far and wide over the try and dropped where they might grow into other cherry trees.
[ncorÿoraM tfl

S
giRT
æs

«fit
siKfftlî
ol
1
To «essen the labor of cotton pick-era a Virginian has invented a low wheeled truck on which a person can sit close to the plants and push him* self along, the vehicle also holding a bag to receive the cotton and an umbrella for shade.
TH UNIVERSITY OF TORONTO
TIOH
In
db. r. *. TommnraTo*.
Musical Director
COLLEGE REOPENS SEPT. 4
___Send for Illustrated Calendar
coun-
Minard’fl Liniment Curse Distemper.
SHAKESI-EARii IN GERMANY.
ing.
Mlnnrd'e Liniment Cores Colds. Ete.
A	End _ --S'- -- "f	— -rffiSSlKBS
iv^r.rSnïV'.pJS •"- ÆïïSE5n.îr.,:twry,M
!rr,,h^„R.r:u.r,zvr: cholera infantum
eminent that has been more than leni-	_ | theatres of Germany. Despite the
-™ ™Z 8Z ! m Fl RST LE OF DEFRISE	SS7SSST -
ânpfi
of adventurous tendencies in the pale, bloodless people It is the lr. . A" Ur,ent Case#	account. Shakespeare is regarded in I
towns and villages of Ontario, who bloodless people who tire easily who violently the loving wife shook her Germany not as an Englishman, but have been unable to go to the are short of breath at slight exertion I hueband,B «boulder.	as one of the world’s greatest poets
trenches, will be contributing a very who have poor appetites, and who 1 “Wake UP’. George,” she said. “The and dramatists. Germans look upon real service to the cause by helping wake up in the morning as tired as doctor has just sent your sleeping Shakespeare almost as their own flesh grain growers of the Prairie Pro- when they went to bed. While women draughV’	i and blood, they declare.	^
vinces gather the wheat upon which and girls chiefly suffer from bloodless.	aneaus
szsosï&smsb
vester, doing his bit, ' may locate a Hams’ Pink Pills. They tone up the ! AskMerlme*re Me*edy Co., ClUcaees farm in the west and settle perman- entire system, make the blood rich
enJLly there,	and red, feed and strengthen starving ^be British Board of Agriculture
To many young men and those more nerves, Increase the appetite, put col- bas P*aced «orne six hundred farm mature, in every email town in On- or In the cheeks, give refreshing sleep tract°rs at work in the United King-tsno. including our own, this appears and drive away that unnatural tired dom* Over eight hundred plows for as a great opportunity to serve the feeling. Plenty of sunlight and whole- U8e witb these tractors have also been country in a practical way. A plegs-j some food will do the rest.	I Purchased. - .
ant, long-distance train journey, and You can get Dr Williams’ Pink P!Hs|HHHi	HHH
a visit to the invigorating west, are, through any dealer in medicine, or by	MONEY ORDERS.	I •
added attractions. But the crop must mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for Dominion Express Money Orders •
U saved!	$2.50 from The Dr. Williams Medicine are on saI* in five thousand offices y
Co., Brockvllle, Ont.	j throughout Canada.	| /
laiciLunovi
I	WANTED—TO DO PLAIN
A J and light xt-wlng at home, whole or *l>are time, good pay; work Kent any distance, charge* paid. Bend stamp for particular*. National Manufacturing Company. Montreal


Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Diphtheria
ri ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS ETC.. Vy Internal end external, cured wlth-—P—i	out pain by our home treatment. Write
Hon. W J. Hanna, Canadian Food %	AVlTinaw^d* M*dlcU
Canada’s Waste.

Controller, calculates that food wast-
i
Made in Canada*
When buying your Piano Insist on having an
"OTTO NIGEL” PIANO ACTION
6hK
(fi
- DODDS
KIDNEY,
é/,.pills 'J:
DON'T CUT OUT
A Shoe Boil, Capped Hock or Bursitis
y
y
y
z
FOR
m ABSORBING
*	fN ,1 y An- y'; ,	,
igS
even
s)
I i rfduce them and leave no blemishes. I Stops lameness promptly. Does not blis-
I ter,or. "more the hair, and horse can be
J « worked. $2 a bottle delivered. Book 4M free.
P „ ABSORB1NE. JR . f,
Hnieeet for Bolls. Bruises. Seres. Swell!ess. Van
-------->¦ snS lnis»«M,.B. Tries
W delltcrW. Will tea r«
W F. ÏOUNB. F. 0 F.. 518 Lymsns B d< , Montras I. Css, Bbaorbia: ied AWerbtee. Jr., ire aide la
I


a
GET RID OF itS SSL’S
I
It In
Vigorous, Iron Men and Beautiful Healthy Rosy Cheeked Women
Pimples
Dr. Howard James, late of the Manhattan State Hospital of New York and formerly Assistant Physician Brooklyn State Hospital, says :
Quickly, Easily and Cheaply by Using
ms*
mine remarked to me fafter having been St; 1i^»eeke courae of Nuxated Iron),
?°ctor' that there stuff la like
#
LONDON JEWS FACE RACE WAR.
The Soap to ^ cleanse and puri-s fy, the Ointment " tosoothe and heal, t Nothing better for all skin and scalp ¦ troubles, as well - as for every-day ; toilet purposes.
A Hall of Heroes.	, Lightning is a great sanitary agent ;
In »,	W„	.h„b	TnJwt
from the earth.
Russian Element Refuse to Enlist
There or Return to Native Land. I the British Government are establish-There is a race war developing in W shortly there is to be a perman-Kast London that promises to become ent record on tablets of bronze of bitter, says an English correspondent, every man and woman killed in the 'J he east side of the world's largest war or in munition works. It will be city ta thickly populated with Russian * national memorial of Heroes of the ,
Jews, who have refused either to join Great Warv There will also be models
England's army or return to Retro- of every war worker from the Red- l ° h",l,hhnetiS ¦ Lift your corns grad for service there. They are in Cross nurse to the ’bus conductress. I and celluae8 off with fingers
bad repute with the Londoners and -r . ,  —— -— T	~,l a llke magic!
the ill feeling has lately taken a men-	Uchute, Que., 26th Sept., 1908. o-o—_
acing turn.	Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited. j Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns
Since the publication of the agree-1 Gentlemen,—Ever since coming any kind of a corn, can harmlessly be ment entered into by the British and I home from the Boer war I have been lifted right out with the fingers if you Russian Governments the demands for bothered witb runn>ng fever sores on apply upon the corn a few drops of a cleanup of the Russian Jews in Lon- ray legs* 1 tried manY 8alves aad fini- freezone, says a Cincinnati authority, don has grown tremendously. The mentR; a,so doctored continuously for For little cost one can get a small Governments have decided that all*V*e blood, but got no permanent re-1 bottle of freezone at any drug store,
Englishmen in Russia and all Russians) ,ief' ti!l ,ast winter when my mother which will positively rid one’s feet of in England shall have the choice of got me to Uy MINARD’S LINI- every corn or callus without pain.. [„
joining the array of their adopted ME^T‘	efLect °J ”hich waa •>* ,	a'™Pl« drug dries the moment	__ ,	Dr	B~k,	„„ ere	spert.ll.t of	.«rlr
country or returning to their native mos magical. Two bottles complete- it is applied and does not even irri-	I	twenty year*	pmcticf, nay*: “Two	promn
land. While the measure is aimed c,u.red and 1 have worked every tate the surrounding skin while ap-	losUJn"<7%'a iï?rî“«ï "aJ?;
mostly at Russians in English terri- workmg (*ay 8,nce-	plying it or afterwards.	Mded that to save the night of her right eye
KSL&3?a-	¦TSBTôauh. JSvrsr MZ Mr	S&S&SFsaeSc
...	m #% Ersæssë
less responded well to the call to . somewhere in France men are his wholesale drug house.	-, A \ aM danger waa pn*t and the «ye mv-d. I
«	, mupen qtaido	m 4i^HF?.rs=?
sra jts*Arssr «LiMBtU STAIRS !¦?	„j| .pn5=Br2s?Si
ON HER HANDS V -2» d ESSsSFSlSjS
gade .nd division against division. It	-:-	•	•	7
which the competitive .pint i, .rous- Too IU to Walk Upright Operation vxggk
I il among the soldiers and in which ÀdvisaJ/ Q.WeJ U	r	whi J! fright that ahe was able to dinpenao with
their physical energies are taxed to	L>dia .	V7	*?k. h," .h‘*dûi*bî “T.1
the uttermost, are of great influence Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound	ber eyc*tg bt wa* laaprowad 100per"cent.r
in keeping the men sane and balanced	^	¦wiuro#	I l>r. Judkine aaye: “While house enrgeon
behind the lines. The games are !	---
i are most in need of steadying and it Richmond. Ind.—“For two vears I Hn* ,n	Improve from 75 *be strength, nlng and developing of the
mmimm
I •srwi'SSr'uc; sk&
Man> hopeiesKly blind might haw#
Oee /
Iron) acte //Are ns agio
r/»af thoro mtufT Numafd
¦SB MS

ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN’T HURT A BIT!
Sample Each Free by Mail
With aa-p.Skln Book. Forumnlmaddrea
SasaNSRL M”'”-
postcard U. S. A."
- Doctors Tell Why They Prescribe Bon- Opto.
Explain How It Strengthens Eyesight Remarkably In a Week’s Time
In Many Instances.

r



won by men of Hebraic origin. Yet
m


L
<2
r

M
<
y

“Bon-
Opto It Hastening the FyeyUw l Age in IlotjMN ta< Jed Bow to il”
A Call to ^
Your Grocer
j
Bethmsnn-Hollweg’s Drew# Suit.
After Bethmann-Hollweg was in i London some years ago he presented I his dress suit to the head waiter of the hotel where he had been staying. When Bethmann-Hollweg was leaving London his valet forgot to pack up his master’s dress suit; subsequently the | valet wrote to the manager of the hotel in London where the German

will bring a package of
I
have an operation, I they would
and my friends i *" the
snrsrts
Grape-Nuts
lady who used It
fifteen days everythin* aeetr read even finejrlnt with...it
late.
daughter asked me
tweet/ four hour* the
Inflammatory syra/to
retlon had lea
Chancellor had been staying to say the J? **7 r >	‘ E. Pinkham’s Veg-table
horns. dU all l •hoveled dirt dki
A delicious.
It n/a: 1 with eyestrain caused hy on eyes which Induced fierce
«yea le time.
daya the eye was
NVH—A rile phylcla# to w article was submitted
¦ rW.ble
healthful food and • plea#-
the
An-
te.
for
It.
eye re
i (
«yea)
f I the timely
P«d the eurgeea’e knife hy HelLel_ of your treatment The JJJJJfJJ
though he was a German, never wore i It It was toe old a suit to please him and he sold it to a second-hand
are well k
into
I ka a
Ï
f*rt 1er v, -k
mg and come... —^ drede of chickens and ducks. I can-
tts.Tvtsr&is,,Ji..........
dirt, did build- I
ing lesson in
¦1*7 *¦ mi own
n
ar misât gia
I my leas diatanr I css count the fint
It Is
clothes shop for four shillings.
economy.
rsu;
It Is
as
is one of the most
hier te
I ess
C
^MSB*
trated forms of nitrogenous food and admirably supports even the hardest
se
fee
Hy"
*ate&£.tis !
It la
It la aa a#
H m
that
te «SSœ*
Bma
rtt*
te Strength»n their the trouble ib.I «
the
r%ab
wy «yss
ED. T.
ISSUE 34—T7.
Witt
t
n.
\
276896
###PAGE###8###

Shawville Academy
Announcement.
Shawville Academy will re-open Tuesday,
September 4th, 1917.
Fees for the current year 1917-18 :
Non-ReaMent*
Grades 9, 10, 11, or Academy Grades	Per month
7, 8, or Model
Tie Sim# Boot aid Sloe Store
_ CENTRAL CANADA
Exhibition
OTTAWA SEPT. 8 to 17



A New ©ne
Bis
1917

li
•2.00 “
The Hartt Shoe for Men
44
0
4 4
ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. 31st
U
1.00 "
00 “

4
raw
44
• >
4ft
44

1, 2, U,
Payable in advance
1st term school opening to Xmas
2nd term Xmas, to Easter 3rd term Easter to school closing.
DANA HUNTING, B. A„
Principal.
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
44
house of commons, burned fib 3*0. 1t»«
NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORME* BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
It is Canada’s best production.
Try a pair next time and enjoy the comforts of a perfectly fitting shoe.
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
$25.000
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon A Evening
¦¦¦¦¦e	GOV'T. EXHIBIT.
E. T. HODGINS,
II
S EC H ETA K Y
DOG SHOW.
PURE FOOD SHOW
xjTf'T-i'r Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks British ixivjn.1 a(jvance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the
SHOW Forts at Kut-El-Amara.	_____________
COMFEDERATIBSTNSURAMCE
Children's School Boots
We have a very good range at popular prices.
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Boost th« Exhibition
Encourage Production of ovary Kind
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
J. K. Paisley, Mgr. & Sec’y
I
at THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST
" Money Saved
.
STEWART McClbnaghan, Prctidenl.
AND BEST
Is Money Made
COMPAN IBS.
Get rates from
CONFEDFRATION LIFE
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Hates and Particulars.
Est. 1871.
Low Prices . .
E. FAR IS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
“ Maximum Insurance
breckenridoe
at Minimum Cost.”
Are the ruling features of our store, wl\ile the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
Caretakers Wanted
Tenders will Ik1 received till f> o'clock, p. in., Saturday, 10th Sept., 191 ,ul' va retaking of the School*» of the Township of Clarendon for the coining school year. Duties—sweeping and dusting daily ; scrubbing at least lotir times and firing as long as necessary.
M/A. M. KIXLKY,
'	Asst. Sec.-Trvas.,
School Mu. Clarendon.
Oui Special Military
YOUNG MEN
Policy is not to be equalled on the market
t o< lay
Consult our Agent today
Dr. 1>. G. McKobbie, n Hamilton physician, was fourni dead. lying i in a pool of his own hlooil, in a duty storehouse at the building of the h | Crescent Oil Co., in that city.
A resolution of loyalty to the flag and monarch, in which the declaration was made that all the i Presources of the order would stand Last week the editor^received a	the Canadian soldiei
short personal letter iro»u vorpi	magnificent courage -
H. A. . Smiley (Hiram), dated fighting ^ill at the front, was France, July 30, in winch lie sends	amid great enthusiasm at
best regards to all old menus, the final session of the annual eon-Hiram, i< hack at the *r-111 î vent ion of the Grand Lodge ot the after having had a turn in hospital t hid fellows of Ontario in Toronto.
in England with ‘‘trench feet, j	___
He sixeaks of soldiering “as a great old life," and adds that he only.	Morehead.
SfSÉlÈSü
hand 20 pairs more, which,
Local and District.
roy where he is working with his bro-
tlier Turn.	,	_	. .
Mr. and Mrs. Win Drummond nave
returned from a motor trip with Mr.
I Mrs. Geo. Drummond to Almonte, Carleton Vlace and other points.
Vte. Bert Thomas has b*h reported
All recent news of the
Fathers and mothers, it is vour to vour children to present them
with a photograph. A family group the most appropriate.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
eat
G. W. DALE
1'
Shawville, July 17, PH7
am
H. iMtttoN, Photo Arti
NOTICE
He. PAYMENT of TELEPHONE CALLS
s 111 ami
dangerously ill
other Bristol boys has been good.
s. Hobt. Thompson spent sonu
Ohiv 'thi* 8umniei\ter’ ^	SnWribm of the Pontiac Rural Tele-
MiU Sailiv l.ang has returned to re phone Company, Limited, are reminded
So'1	t s,"mï;ï?
RizÈ sMüS Sr.:
Mrs. M. Gagnon, Portage du rort.
H. W. HUDGINS,
Secretary.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Mr
swine
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
so prt
run its course.	...
Mr. John Macfarlano, of Mmwvi le,
has been spending a few days with Ins brother, Rev. (.'apt. Macfarlane.
Mrs. Wm. MacMillan and her son, Donald, have returned home to Quebec, after a two months’ visit with her pa Rev. Capt. and Mrs. J. A. Mac
or
Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Doors,
NOTICE
Re. Payment of Rental
since tlmt date
now on
There wuh a large attendance at with other articles will be sent the garden social at Mr. W. II. shortly	t , 1- kh? Ïv!Vs
Kife* svKS» %%%*,     s. 58S"-	IA... EB # !
evening was pleasantly snent, in	Murehead, Que.	week with his sister, Mrs. J. A. mul-
mrticipating m thê varied enjoy- l>ar Friends	far lane.	.	,
ments provided, including a good just a line to thank you tor the six Miss Margaret uurd has returned to supper and an attractive program, *rs vf 8(X.k8 yOU were good enough to Xew York after a visit in thus vicinity, in which local talent was impie- scn(j |ne for niyself and comrades.	The Misses Hudson (twins) haw
men ted by the Shawville 1 res by- Then* are six of us together, so there gone home to Chelsea, having slant terian Indies Quartette, and Hcv. was ;ust ty,e right amount to go round. s<.me of their holidays with their grand-01 Brown and daughter, w no The has all join me in wishing the mother, Mrs. James Armstrong, j emlcred ncyevul .	Club every success	Miss Elizabeth Macfarlane and her
t'lohi, î“"|iulii)g Yiullii _ seleitluns }}0. 300»30, B’dr. E. W. Paul, brother, Capt. Dave Macfarlane, M. D, by the gentleman name,..	5,0.2, Section,	vlio recently returned from Franco,
5nme vl the boys, it w ,roi»ortwl,	Ht Canadian D. A. C. .pent two weeks on a trip in Western
did not conform AS Itrivvy V? J?"	___ _ Ontario, visiting their brothers Lome
I idea of deeorum n« WAS due to the	and Dr. Rob. Macfarlane.
occasion, ami in dpnig so they only	OTTER LAKE	Mis, Jean Macfarlane, who has been
reflected discredit uptin t tm	- visiting relatives in the vicinity, re-
EBiHras,ro'
guests °f Mr. J. Queale and daughter, arc gummenng at the <-ornera. ïteamer'pewabtc has-been finally lo-Sliss Margaret.	cated by divert and work it now in
pm	tenzc
SSaliâsS	KpSu™:^ te^iSSBS waiting all summer for, but fbmrd
,* **.. W. -	the price too high.
MW'S	ssj’iT~ Ï	K¦X.T "s*"’ 1	££&.wtm MS'. SS» « ! Saturday only we offer following prices :
wmjm.....................»=- mm ;
mm éék^
__	turning home to Smith* I alls.	Dining Room and H« (1 '*ob, profetsor! Now you’re brsg-	_—
NOTICE	Mr. Harvie Young has returned to| Rooms furnished. Large (lBg.'—Ufe.	»|	_ _	: '' I—•	* m
LnSSsasARCHIE DOVER
St Otter Lake.	^	W. A. HODGINS. *c*p&uoas was 2,7ÎS,SH. | T
F Mr. Nick Trudeau hat goee to FiU	¦ ggg mm
All subscribers of the Von tine Rural Telephone Company, Limited, who have not paid their rental in full up to Dec. 31st, 1917, are notified that same is past due and must be paid at once. Further, you are again reminded of the jienalty chargea hie on past due rentals notice mailed to subscribers in
Custom Sawing.
as |a*r July last
Saturday, Sept. I
Is Men’s Day
at DOVER’S STORE
R. \V. HODGINS,
Secretary
Mi
Bull for Sale.
Registered Durham Bull for sale. Four year, old ; color roan. ^WU, y
R. R. No. 1, Shaw Till
t-fn
'
He Knows
com

rn

