###PAGE###1###
¦J
*1.00 A YEA B IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JAN
25, 11)17
No. 31, 34th Year
a

Tt|e Merchants Ban% of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
THE HARDWARE STORE
Established 1864
ESTABLISHED 1814.
Head Office : Ottawa. Canada
Capital Paid Up Rest and Undivided Profit*
Total Asset# over
officers:
PRESIDENT .. .. Sik II. Montagu Allan. VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. «lackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. B. F. Hbbdkn. GEN. MANAGER ..	D. C. Macahow.
* 4,ooo,m
4,868,179
55,000,000
Pratt’s Food and Remedies
U »
A
$7,000,000
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984 Total Assets Nov. 30,16,
217 Branches and Agencies In Canada-NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS.
Beard of Director» i
Paid up Capital
# #
JOHN 13. FRASER,
Vice-President
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
SIR HENRY N HATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN, GEORGE BURN.
SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
D. M. FINNIE.
There is none better - All at old prices.
ALEX ANDER MCLAREN.
ÜSKÎ'k'.Œku.'Whley
E. 0. WHITNEY.
.	108,956,996
W. DVTIIIE
Animal Regulator
Heave Cough and Cough Cure Condition Powders
Lice Killer, Worm Powders
Healing Ointment, Bug Ointment Roup Remedy, Gape Remedy Diarrhoea Remedy
Veterinary Colic Cure Baby Chick Food
Chief Inspector
General Manager
How me YOU starting off the New Year y By saving a little monthly from vour income? If not, why not? Let 1918 find you with a bunk balance, no matter how small. $1.00 starts it. then BUILD
.1. A. McLATt 111K. Manager.
It, Leokr, Manager.
G. M. Colqvhoun, Acting M’rr
Fokt Coulongk Branch. C a hi*hells Bay Brancu. Portage du Fort Branch
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A
A big element of uncertainty is re moved when you have a photograph made by H. I MIRON, Photo Artist.
Hymeneal
Grant —Mek
Last Wednesday a very pretty wedding was solemnized at Rod-Mr. K. L. Veriuilyea, represent- ford, the contracting parties being ing the House of Hobberlin, Ltd., William Halph Grant, of More-
::!i sr.n’TÆ	jrjssssr.^',ou
showing all the nexv styles in of friends mid relatives were pie- We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
ar »r:s tra;	sss&
S.^E?SHE
haps have more fully includede the ÿ|ic wn8 given away by Mr. Geo. student* are assisted to position*, facts in connection therewith if ltj^|ep in whose home a sumptuous More than 115 were placed during the
3 SS?âfë ÉHSH	H'Zr
interest in the election on the day pltter ies|xmding with a short	( or. Bank and Sparks St-
following.	speech.
Miss Babb, of Macdonald College, Numerous presents were given will give a lecture on “Bread- to the bride and bridegroom which making and Canning,” to the mem- were displayed in the home of Mr.
here of the Homemakers1 Clubs, In Geo. Mee.	,
the Academy, on Thursday even- The many friends of Mr. and ing of this week, beginning at 7.80. Mrs. Grant wish them both a This will take the place of the happy and prosperous future, regular work meeting. Lady Com. f riends cordially invited to attend.
Y oar family have boon pleading with you for yearn. Why not have that
family group made to-day
H. Imison, Photo Artist
“Canadas Best’’
HENRY’S
Bibby’s Calf Meal in stock.
Pembroke is likely to have an other industry added to its mini her—one to undertake the manu facture of elect!leal articles.
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa, Ont
OTTAWA,ONT
&

Ibis proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School hy taking the SIX highest places m open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for Mlogue and < opy of Cowl lugs Advocate
W. K.Gowlin
President.

W. A. HODGINS
II. G. W. IJRAITIIWAIT Principal,
______SHAWVILLE
Swinging Into Line
for 1917
A Bigger and Better Business
than ever.
WANTED - At the Rectory. Shawville, about 10 cords of good hard, body maple, 2 feet long—dry preferred.
t
Amateurs : Now is the time to bring in your choice negatives and have enlargements made from them.
H. ImIson, Photo Artist.

WANTED—Girl to do general housework. Good wages. Apply at once to Louis Herman (formerly of Shawville) 1MI St. Catherine St. West, Montreal.
<
Deaths
|Eïtia.*Th:LŒf;;	E;E 'zHHSlirs «ÿgSBsarJKra «
the Motor Show on the same dates,	ahum and hard work in early life, stovepipe folders. Kinder kindly corn-
contributed to the Recce*» of both Miss Adella Stark returned last 11* visited many places with a niunicate with Alex. E. Hoop ins. Box :a enterprises, so far at least as at- Wti©k from a visit to relatives in hone of being restored to health, iCamphc,,s Bay
tendance was concerned, despite nristol.	but to no avail. In spite of all--
the ngoi-ous weather which pit - Misses Annie Wain man and that could be done death put in its
vailed throughout the weeK.	K rum.Armstrong were visitors at daira on the above date!	1 t.rson st.. Campbell* Bay.close tStation
The Shawville hockey team was Campbells Bay last week.	Besides a sorrowing " j1''!" * i -on easy Urras. For further particulars
re-organized at a meeting held at Mr. Noble Horner, of Hailey- mother, four brothers and live *pply to Jamm Rooney, Campbells Bay.
the Pontiac House on Monday bury, was in town for a few days sisters survive.	--
evening of last week, with the last week.	The remnms were brought to pOR SALE—On Main St., Shawville.
^ ‘IeISE™
President-(Ï. A. Howard.	that Mr. Connelly is a candidate Mr. Wni Hodgins, of the tn m <>j
K	.... “ T“
can be done in that direction, and ui tnetain*. i m.	conveyed U> Shawville by Monday Apply to IIaxs Shaiikl, Jeweller, Shaw-
also in arranging for some exhibi- Messrs. Robert t nrngan, I me-’ evening'a train and thence taken aille. Que. tiongames.	man luck, Krank Blackwell and to North Clarendon where inter-
Tli«M-nrcity of hr. I.bor >. BtST.Si ACT.52KSi.S SSÎSÏ.tKl"7i5lS
become one of the most serious of munition plants, etc., spent « I—Mrs X W. Chamberlin, and two Contract* made with Muntelpalitles to problems which has faced this few days at their homes here dur-1.	* Edward of Yarm, and manufacture Pipes in thetrown localities,
country in many a day, and unless ing the past week, returning Fri- jMrnej4 M . who was the partner ofjH.T McDowell* Son. Shawville Que.
some solution is found pretty day.	deceased in the lumber business __	_
¦M
mKSHSSS	EpCS'S «;HS5_Tr — :
==»™jS$fis	-——a
wmmgmmm**
Safes ra	HEÊEBEH
mgmmssg##
LOST—About Dec. 27th n Gilt Maple
i

FOR SA LE-One frame house, summer kitchen, and woodshed combined on Pat-
OUR AIM
To serve you to our best mutual advantage.
JPqj- YOU Dependable, Reliable Goods at
Reasonable Prices
For Us A Fair Legitimate Profit.
ITY
The Ideal System Is
- FOR —
“ Manufacturer Direct to Consumer "
but until this plan is possible, allow us to act
as your MIDDLEMAN.
Stock Taking Bargains.
We are now in the midst of our Annual Clean Up, taking stock. Many unnoticed articles—slow selling lines, short ends, etc., will day by day come to light, and will be
priced to sell quickly.
A visit during the next ten days will amply repay you.
Renfrew lout one of it* inoat
citizen* when Mr.
W. A. HODGINS
School No. 5. Clarendon Christina» holiday» these were collected and with a portion of the proceed* of their Xtna* entertainment, amounting to SUM*) forwarded to the Belgian Belief PtUKl
After
###PAGE###2###
\ and a trim maid appeared. Yes; her mistress was out, and had said she I would not be back till late.
| Once more John Sinclair passed into O his wife’s room, but this time he
At the sound of approaching foot- ¦pitched on the lights. A mortud desteps Anne Sinclair put down the 8ire to 8<‘c her special possessions for photograph the had been studying so *l C' *Hsl tiaic t°°h hold of him. In thoughtfully and turned towards the 'atu'>' he pictured her as he had seen ( partly-open door.	' er 11 hundred times before—sitting
She listened expectantly. The foot-	lamPhght, just where he could
steps passed. Then another door, yatv’h a K^mpsc of the exquisite girl-quit v near, closed quietly, and at the {dC* through the open door, sound her face changed. She was ex- .. ^ was a >out switch off the quisilely beautiful, with the beuuty ‘.lght' "hen something white by the
foot of the Chesterfield caught hist
He stooped and picked it up. It j was a crumpled note it out, and read the few brief lines.
“I'earest Anne," it commenced, in Pat Wlnterton'a scrawling hand,—“It wasn’t until I’d left you this afternoon that I remembered I'd booked seats at the Frivolity. Of you’ll come. The play is nothing very special, but at least it will chance for
BRITAIN BI ST IN MKXICO
TEUTON FORCES TOTAL 6,516,000
“DRIFT"
( apitaliftta Secure C ontrol of Raw
Material».
ü

| That Great Britain in being kept I busy attending to its share in the European war grcs without saying; that the industrial interests of the country are being neglected, however,
; is a conclusion far from the truth, j Its capitalists are not overlooking any opportunities, especially opportunities to secure control of raw materials needed in their industries. They realize that it is just about as important to secure raw materials for their manufacturers as it is to secure market - for the finished products. Acting on this principle, they are preparing t mRn P^nns, writes: "In mid-December for the great commercial and indus- there were, not counting cavalry, 128 trial war that is destined to follow German divisions (2,500,000 men) the present terrible conflict by getting the west front; 100 divisions (2,120,-contiol of large supplies of raw ma- men) on the Russian front, of ter ini wherever they may be found, which 66 are German and 30 Austrian, regardless of distance or immediate un<l two Turkish; 29 divisions (580,-accessibility. As an evidence of this 000 men) on the Rumanian front in-| the following item from the Septem- eluding 12 German, 11 Austrian, 4 her number of the Bulletin of the Bulgarian and 2 Turkish divisions;
12 divisions (240,000 men) on the
RUSSIA TO BE ANVIL FOR GER
MAN HAMMER.


mm

llindenburg Has Now 2.700,000 Men Opposed to the Czar’s Forces.

<
à>
youthfulness alone cun give, and the lovely, oval face, framed in a mass of soft, cloudy hair, might have belonged to a girl of nineteen rather than to a woman of twenty-five.
She gave an odd little laugh. Twenty-five! And she had been just eighteen when she married John Sinclair. Even in those days his career had given promise of great success; now he was one of the leading physicians of his time.
eye
The London Times military «pondent, commenting on the Ger
He smoothed
cor re
£
V
• *
on
Till
%
course


i
give us a further talk.—Always
yours—Pat
The veins >to<> i out like purple cords on John Sinclair’s brow, and for « moment he felt a wild desire to kill this man—this hoy, he told himself contemptuously, who had Anne's love.
But the desire swiftly passed, giv ing place to another
Anne’s deep grey eyes wandered towards the door that separated her husband's “tien" from her own the early days of their married life it had seldom, if ever, been closed. She stepped softly across the room and noiselessly turned the handle. But it did not yield. The door was locked on the other side.
“Hallo, Anne!"
So absorbed had she been that the further opening of the door had
#ISH
Pan-American Union is of interest
“K1 Din. a daily newspaper of Macedonian front, of which 8 or 9 are
Leon, Bulgarian, 2 or 8 German; and
! Monterey, State of NuevoHI
Mexico, is authority for the state- j Turkish; 83 Austrian divisions (660,-ment that a company of English cap- 000 men) in the Italian theatre. Now italists with available funds of several that the Rumanian* have joined the
Anno—mu* look „„„„	I JAPANESEBUSBANDMAN. ! ^ “d'.n^n ZS	tvSZ
se;-L	=*
mmm mmm,
~ 5sœ.sSfi's£r~'¦'a~SS£S=5tSrs---
nniFw
ïü£ww-p-1,hi^^iTOLANI>	zji «»»*»™^wartbade tisrszszrssz.
flung out his hand so that it rested round the trigger, and he raised the ^ ' farmers are hard at work J know ledge of the world to think plans for conducting a world-trade also needs attention. shoulder.0111 ent ^ ^ S°ftly-roundcd	sake'" The little clock '	**«• indÆ%rfgt ÏTthtir hom J ° Host oY ‘ IZkTecenüy iîaTectuTin^t	A v*«~	Campaign.	,	I
héseibssw*!
that had crept round the firm, strong his lips voiced the one word:	’ brought about by the demand for X furious Invention of an Indian er:t time had been particularly
mouth, the tired expression in his "Anne!”	military purposes. Clogs are made j	Scientist.	t,ve la in* and South America.
ns	™
wmmmwmMmêmmsm
HSi	FlU
On, Of fhlm i» U u j he£r iVr«"1 your lip..”	able cases of mental derangement. • I ^ the dots bound suddenly upwards.	-*  If when frying fish the piece*
a. . . ... h been ,n Lhpr hand , Her h^ad Ieant heavily against his1 Paradoxical, however, as it may ,Th’" ** the finaI spasm—the vegetable	Hitting Rack.	put in the hot fat with the skin
pfips	#####!§###:
,£p-, S SSFr m r
beautifu young wife to drift into this, truth. I saw you with young Winter- trading competition of the industrial He srt dow n the photograph and re- ton. I had seen the handle of my door world into the Army, where life, if turned to hr room, a terrible thought turn. I thought perhaps you wanted more precarious, ie more varied
:as *	’/f "bnpe in his mind. His me. After a while I quietly opened it. and interesting. This rro doubt Is a
hfr stoo'i between Anne and happi- You and Pat-"	contrbutory cause. But recent returns
•** . .	f “Were standing together!” she "bow a reduction amongst
Anne and happiness"’ the clock on broke In swiftly. “Oh, I remember ** well as men.
t e mante.pir<e ticked out relent- n°w! We had been discussing a most What, then, are the general reasons le*?ly .	important subject. You must know adduced by the experts for this sat
Opening a drawer, he touched a (bat Pat was my brother's dearest Isfactory state of things? Well, in ?*...* object that seemed to friend. Bob went abroad, and met time* of peace they tell us that life is twinkle up at him with a hundred with nothing but ill-luck. He wrote to dreary and monotonous, and, in order
tf eyr* , , J	me 8ome months ago, but begged me to vary their existence, people resort
Mi '	»	,d	mechanically over to say nothing to you of his raisfor- to forms of amusement which, instead
It. Surely that was the answer to tune. I took Pat into my confidence, of sdfording them genuine recreation the question! “Anne’s happiness!” and through him sent what I could, gratification, only produce languid —the clock still ticked louder than knowing Bob's pride. That's why Pat ness and ennui
ever in hi- ears	came so often of late—to see Bob's When, however, a great war breaks
”ut flrMt °f al* he rould have to letters and discuss the affair with ! °°t It dispels the monotony of our Astisfy himself as to Anne’s where- me. Oh, John, my husband, you sure- lives, and gives us serious and practi-
>bout- He had dined alone, so prob- ly never thought that I-”	I cal things to consider. Hence, in
K’y *he was out. At any rate, he Her face flooded with crimson a#|***#d of causing intellectual , break-ould make sure.	she raised ft questioniagly. j down. It rather
JHs finger touched the bell push, 1 must have thought a lot of fool-1 Itetual energies.
one
stolen
men) opposed to Russia
sys
ac
SERVICE TO ALASKA
C.P.R. Steamer Will Make Three
Trips for Tourists.
As was the case during the past

The
Inga
are
side

women

•a '



-I

f	7
?

<7he Mending
is epoceptiona/
-
intel
\
\
###PAGE###3###
!

4

»	V-„	? leave the frontier still cutting the
/ire I OU intoxicated l precious fields of iron very nearly in
The question is not as im- half. But unless Europe is wise
pertinent as it sound,. You
may come in the not far distant future when the prize will seem rich enough to one country or the other to Justify another war of aggression and
conquest
We re All In II
The visiting Justices were on one of their periodical visits to a great convict prison.
One of the company found himself with a gentleman who was serving ten years
fldential mood, and was dilating to the visitor on the conditions of prison
Black and
voiles, tulles and laces white combinations occur very often In evening gowns. Black net worked up with white beads over a white satin foundation ia one of the striking combinations deed by an expert French designer. A sash of black satin forms a wide girdle, which Is weighted at the ends by heavy black and white bead tassels.
<
N X X X x X
M
ROYAL

Tr DODDS
fKIDNEY
/
may be a real teetotaler and y et be “intoxicated"—that poisoned by Jhe : come from im
MADl IN CANADA .
I X

This guest was in a con-

©V
>x V/
is,
C gases perfect
digestion. The products of food putrefaction are taken up by the blood and often poison the entire system. Cut out meats and starchy foods for a while. Shredded Wheat with milk or cream for breakfast; eat it with stewed fruits and green vegetables for dinner or supper. It will cure autointoxication and make a new man of you. All the meat ef the whole wheat in a digestible form. A perfect meal at lowest cost. Made in Canada
rA
that
life
if
*
“It lm a terrible thing to be known
When we consider the traditional by a number instead of a name, and to
feel that all my life I shall ba an ob-
PockeU Still Peraiat
BELGIAN ARMY CAME BACK
X
i
fickleness of Fashion, it seems	¦ U
though the life of the pocket has been I t ift suspicion among t he polie very long, Indeed; but the pocket still to be pulled up at every corner, per-flourishes on suits, coats and dresses haps; to be asked for my license; to bo and shows not the slightest signs of Indexed in a book as Number So-an-becomlng extinct. The latest develop- So, instead of as Jack JoneM^ggggl ment in this line Is the long, loop-like “Sut you will not be alone, my 1=1 pocket placed over the hips and stand- friend,” said the visitor consolingly. Ing away from the skirt. The smart “The *am0 thing happens to people | afternoon dress of black satin shown wbo own automobiles, in the sketch illustrates this type of ! pocket, also the new tie-on collar, which crosses in front and ties at the
back, somewhat like#the tie-on jump- ing the war?”	I
ers. The long loop pocket is usually “Yes. That's the reason there is so ¦y j made of a color which contrasts with little action in me now,” said the old J the dress, or eke it is of the same ma- soldi* r who had a v den leg.
0 terial, but its presence is emphasized by some trimming in bright silk em-
Or, if it is
as
Now Well Equipped, Horse, Foot and
Artillery.
The Belgian army has been completely organized, says Henry Wood, United Press correspondent witi^King Albert’s army. Horse, foot and artillery, the army is now well equipped and busy holding their part of the line from the Hun. The soldiers are comfortably clothed and well armed, the cavalry supplied with horses and the artillery satisfactory. The Belgians are in charge of the inundated country, which affords splendid protection against the enemy and renders infantry attacks impossible. The Belgians are separated from the Germans by a mile of water, including tho River Yser and the Yser Canal.
The Belgian artillery includes modern guns made In Portugal, contributions from France and England, and guns captured from the Germans in tho original inundation when the dykes were opened and the Huns had to hustle out to escape drowning, without waiting to try and extricate the guns, which were recovered by the Belgians, who drew off the water from that section when it was convenient.
Ha


H*
jMAKES
/ PERFECT
rA BREAD

%
ZS THE P
Eat
\


YEAST
tF-1
'
rjm
A Good Reason
The Fashions
Were you in any great action dur
t
Stone Wall?
Novice- Why do they call it Wall
street ?
I Ixiser Bump up against and you'll find out.
Fashion continues in ways straight and unabnted fulness. Skirts
f“H in «oft. clinging folds, mo much broi(| or in beada no that the tendency toward the nar- mada of the pame material> it is
rower silhouette become, very appar- gj , lincd with a ^tra.ting color.
ent, though we need not yet antic,p-	These pattern, may be obtained -	„	.
ate the very narrow skirt	from your local McCall dealer or Kw,
It is already rumored, however,
that skirts for spring will be two and two and a half yards wide is really looking a little too far ahead to be thinking of spring styles already
very ample
.When Your Eyes Need Care
Uh MurineK.veMedfcIti# NoSmertlnr-F*ele Flue —Acte Quickly. Try It for Beo. Week Bure Eyee nnrt Orsnuhited Eyelid# Murine 1# compounded by onr OciiIImIm—not & Patent Medlclne"-butueed ln#urrc**ful Phyelclane’
Now dedlrett-d to by Drugglete si 60c per _
from the McCall Company 70 Bond %1>
St., Toronto, Ontario. “Dept. W | Murine Eye Remedy Oo’npeny, Chicago. Adv towne
Of all bualnexHeeHHHH application to Wilson Pobliehln* t-<»m peny. 73 West AdeliM*; Street. Toronto
Mlnerd'e Liniment Cure# Distemper.
jtiick — tlo look I i hind legs!
Ethel— Mummy Baby's walking •
IIIE IRON OF LORRAINE
May Incite Another War Between France and Germany.
ears
mswEFAPnits roa sals
: ; NEWS AND Joli r.ilf in rood Ontario
Th- mops	'11 and Interesting
r iti-m ''H
Ko F IT-M A KIN Offb'SM for
It is unfortunate for the future neace of Europe that by far the best iron fields that are accessible either to France or to Germany He exactly on the present frontier of the two countries. A good many Frenchmen believe that the Germans' hope of seizing permanently the part of these fields that lies in French Lorraine was one of the real causes of the present war, and the reason that last winter determined them to attack at Verdun, instead of at some point nearer Paris. Certainly, thoughtful writers, both French and German, discuss the subject very frankly, and point out to their respective countries how Thu lack of sufficient red health-fatal the final surrender of any part giving blood does not end merely in a of this disputed territory would be to pale complexion. It ie much more ser-the prosperity of their nation.	lows. Bloodless people are the tired,
In this age of machinery a plcnti- languid, run down folic who never have ful supply of both coal and iron is es- a bit of enjoyment in life. Food does sential to any country that hopes to not nourish, there’s indigestion, heart maintain itself as an industrial power; palpitation, headache, backache, some-ami the last ten years have proved times fainting spells and always nerv-that such a supply is even more necessary in war than in peace. The Germans admit that without the iron of the Metz and Th ion ville (which they thriftily took France after the war of 1870) they would have been unable to supply their armies with the incredible quantity of guns and ammunition that modern fighting requires. France has kept up only because the British navy has kept the seas open for the port of iron; its own mines in the basins of Briey and Longwy have been in the hands of the Germans ever since the war began.
Now, neither France nor Germany is rich in iron outside the Lorraine fit A
But it
*
Full II
KEEP LITTLE ONES
WELL IN WINTER
The Only Kea*on.
“You once kept a cook for a whole month, you say?”
“Yes.”
“Remarkable
At present, skirts are still Box pleats and side
MISCELLANEOUS _________
£ 1 AXC'fcUt, TUMUiiS. LLMl'H. ETC.. V Internal and external. »*ured with-oui ijftln by our home treatment. v\riw us before too îete. Dr. fteliinan Medival Co.. Limited. rollings nod. Ont__
Winter is a dangerous season for the little ones. The days are so changeable —one bright, the next cold &igc?" and stormy, that the mother is afraid to take the children out for the fresh afid fhe could n t swim, air and exercise they need so* much.
In consequence they are often cooped up in overheated, badly ventilated rooms and are soon seized with colds or grippe. What is needed to keep
How did you man
?
RICH RED BLOOD MEANS GOOD HEALTH
We were cruising on a house-boat

HOOK ON
#
s DOG DISEASES
I Ami How to Feed
Minard's Liniment Corse Garget In Cowe

Fighting-fish are reared in Siam as a means of amusement. These arc ¦ Airericas
.....	„ .	_	small fresh-water fish, and so pugna- I pioneer I H. CLAY GLOVER CO., ln__
ihr little ones well is Baby s Own cjoug that when two of them are I Dog Pemsdfc: 1118 Writ 313t Strr-t,New \or
Tablets.^They will regulate	the	pjaC€(j near each other	they	at	once
stomach and bowel, and drive	out	b	in to fight.	When the fish	i.	quiet
colda and by thetr use the baby	will	Ug	C()lors are	dull. but	when	excite.!
to over the
in perfect safety. The Tablets	are
sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Just a Little More Rich, Red Blood Cures Most Ailments.
Malle«1 free to un y »<1<1r<n the Anther
The Soul of a Piano Is the Action. Insist on *he
it is of a metallic brilliance
“OTTO H1GILV PIANO ACTION
Over a thousand lives are lost every the collieries of the United
year in Kingdom
1
?

;
ousness. If anaemia or bloodlessness be neglected too long a decline is sure to follow. Just a little more blood regions cures all these troubles. Just more from ; rich, red blood, then abounding health, vitality and pleasure in life. To make the blood rich, red and pure, nee Dr.
Williams’ Pink Pills. No other medicine increases the pure blood supply so quickly or so surely. The cure actually begins with the first dose, though un- naturally it is not noticeable. This is not a mere claim. Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills have been doing this over and over again in Canada for more than a quarter of a century. This is why thousands have always a good word to say for this great medicine, for instance Mrs. Alex. Gillis, Glenville, N.
S., says:	“I cannot praise Dr. Wll- Black Satin Dress with Tie-On Collar
liama’ Pink Pills too highly. They are	and Loop Pockets
really a wonderful medicine. I was ,	,	.	,	. ...
very much run down, Buffered from P,eats T/"? TfVT ' .1, !
-----that a good deal of material is
The pleats
HAVE YOU», _
ECZEMA $
Would you like to end that ter* gmi lible Itching, that burning pain; to heal those horrid sores?
You have tried all sorts of fatty ointments, lotions and powders. Put-them aside now a*d give Nature a ehsnce as represented by Zam Buk.
Zam-Buk Is made from herbal essences; Is a natural healer. Is not something yeu have to send to the end of the world for, and pay \ heavy price! Every druggist will sell you Zam-Buk and for fiOc. only.
Just give It a fair trial and inci* dently give yourself ease by the quickest route. Seo name on box:—
Strategic Retreat.
Two boys, one the possessor of a permit, were fishing on a certain estate when a gamekeeper suddenly darted from a thicket

WINTER EGGS AND HOW TO GET
TXVH.
rn!w-
Irg Inch
The lad with the permit uttered a cry of fright, dropped his rod, and ran off at top speed. The gamekeeper was led a swift chase. Then, worn out. the boy halted. The man seized him by the arm and said between pants:
“Have you a permit to fish on this estate ? ”
“Yes, to be sure,” said the boy quietly.
“You have? Then show it to me.”
The boy drew the permit from his pocket The man examined it and frowned in perplexity and anger.
, “Why did you run when you had this permit?” ho asked.
“To let the other boy get away,”
He didn’t have
d
V
1
11
I
nd
hr
'
forward
iltrrutui
in Y

f r e «*
\\
The 220 Rgg Kind
L. R. GUILD. Box 36. ROCIWOOD, ONT

4
f
Mc V A LI.

*
r
¦ A/f
s?
Î

NEx^Hdmi; ii:h|
MORE I
THE LARGEST FIREPROOF RESORT? HOTEL IK THE WORLD •”
The Spirit of America at play: Magnitude and Clieerf'U&eee

k
I
l
The year before the war France produced nearly 22,000,000 metric tons of iron, and Germany dug move than 28,600,000 tons from its mines. If Lorraine were all French, the figures would have been 43,000,000 tons for France and 7,600,000 tons for Germany. If Lorraine were all German, that country would have had 48,600,000 tons to 2,000,000 tons for France. The figures explain why the two nations will fight to exhaustion rather than surrender any territory that they now hold in Lorraine.
The question of coal is less critical, for the coal fields of the Saar—part of which was French until the fall of Napoleon—are farther from the border, and are not essential to Germany, although they would be very useful to France, which has very little coal of j Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockets own, and which has, largely for j ville, Ont. that reason, seen itself outstripped in the industrial race by Germany.
It begins to appear, however, that
neither power is likely to gain any ] Extract» From a Conversation With a territorial advantage in Lorraine as a result of this war. Peace is likely to
i
re
MMBt
was the reply
frequent dizzy spells, and had an al- mcan®
mii iül = -
m“3fell"like Tnew 'wornaiTlnyd "fully that ha, come with the vague for Mla«r. Malm», Owr- lMphth.ru. restored my health. I would urge slighter line, i« noticeab e in many
every weak woman to give these pills dresses; but wt,me*b °" ™	’	HLfl I II I I LI
a fair trial”	have not taken readily to the longer «Can you make anything out of the
You can get Dr. Williams' Pink ikirt*' end the ahort 8kirt for street news from EuropeÎ"
Pill, through any dealer in medicine	i, still favored by a great "Easiest thing in the world I only
or by mail, post paid, at 60 cent, a many. A ong street skirt i, really reed the newspaper every other day.
box ai *ix boxes for «2.60 from The not P-aceful in a tailored suit, and In this way I get a connected story of
women are not willing to sacrifice be- one gide or the other and avoid the
coming styles so readily:
In afternoon and evening dresses, however, the longer skirt is not at all
evening dresses show slight variations from the straight lines. The Turkish
trouser effect and draped skirt come _ —	UTV
JÜSVEttiZz: C SMiftSS ST-ï BSjuSUSr t
one wants peace, even the Junker ing effects.	of Grippe, and I have frequently
class. The peace movement is very Full overskirts are also much used proved it to be very effective in cases strong among the commercial and for evening, fashioned of soft silk of Inflammation working fiasses, and at the court It a self every one professes horror at the continuation of the slaughter. All ideas of annexation and indemnity have vanished. On the other hand, no one thinks that the Allies can impose peace terms on Germany.
“Life in eburt circles is very dull.
The Emperor is constantly at the front, and the Empress—in pleasant contrast to most ladies of the court —is an enthusiastic war worker. If the new compulsory civilian service is fairly applied to women, the ladies of the aristocracy will suffer most.”
It appears that no one, not even his old-time military friends, has a good word to say for the Crown Prince
amusing at first, but since become!
tiresome, is to whisper to their favor- T^OR Stiff SO re muscles apply its guests when the Crown Prince Is H Sloan's Uniment to the pain present: Not a word about Verdun. I ¦*. or acj,e, it quickly
; ¦sas*
sponsibility tor the Verdun catas- mreios sn<l bruises ere ^wnlly relieved by trophe, maintaining that the whole h» ee. Cleaner sad mors promptly eSec-ide* for the attack was imposed upon live tkaa meaty piasters or ointment.. It
him by the General Staff. He end «"S 1
Hindenburg have become excellent * '* fl7	u r glosa e Ltnlcnettl
EUROPEAN PLAN
none
D. a Whitt, Pro#
J. w Mott. Mgr

Yank
41
Avoiding Confusion
Out
i
Those

«MfA
Stumps

denials.”


GERMANY WANTS PEACE.


Some afternoon and »
Minard’a Liniment Co., Limited. Gentlemen,—Last winter I received
fTMJRN your sullen, gloomy,
| profit-eating stump lands into
A happy, smiling fields that bear | rich crops, and put money into the bank for you.
#
German Diplomatist
Iw
Befo re Drinking Tea or Coffee You
Should
Consider
Whether
' Or Not It Is
Harmful
-There’s a Reason" for
Stump Land." shows you imp folds into rich virgin
Yours,
W. A HUTCHINSON
7
farm land. It shows yoe phowgimpbe of	J* ** 1
pufisdi tl contains letters from the men who polled them; e: d nwu 9-	1 - qsickost end cheapest way is with a
irstin |*X?
All Rubbish.
An old gentleman heard the tutor tell his son that the earth revolved every twenty-four hours. So he put a glass of water on hia garden wall, and left it all night.
Next morning he went to the tutor and discharged him, saying:
“It is all rubbish about the earth going round, because If It did all the water would have run out of the glass."
i
s
Horse Power
One Man
X
*
>
fen the
DOl l#%

Now. To early
IS Y

A joke among hostesses,
No Need To Rub I ,
,
%
locality arc oi
tMiop ’
normnlty to join In our profit sharing plan. No cans' Just a ,

eflOXtefiûX
gets tbs
Dvuhâ.

I may father, you know
all about Yithmetk, don't you? ' Father, <uneasily ) ; “What is H you want to know?” Reggie:	“Well,
how many times what makes eleven?”
e

c£2&
•a.
Kirs tin tc
for IS
Co
iC

Mrs
RAW FURS
EDWARD POLLAK â 00
A. J
KV&fe...
widespread and ever-growing
powerful and growing
Sloans
Liniment
It la one Ihing to
POSTUM
well dressed

it la another to be able to meet you

tatter f ¦ any place.
to face at any time
!
or
A/n
ISSUE #—'17
KD. 7

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
buy medicine tor your nick wife ? It 1* because the Government has thrown the money away and is obliged to get more. It will bo Mr. Nv vigny who will
collect these taxes, if elected, for be is.	n _ .	,	-	„	w	^
Minister of Inland lie venue.”	FPOVlIlCe Q6 Quebec,	Province Of Qu©b6Cf
11 Laurier disapproved of the National	n/r i 2	^	m
si. vice scheme by refusing the invita- Municipalité du Comte de Pontiac.	Municipality of the County of Pontiac.
riie seventh session of the twelfth tlun ,n j°i11 *l*	1 he National Service	.	,
iiimm’nt of (’.uvula was opened on	TTiîü i a A'IS-,m.iRv eat. Imr.,e	l,ar H. T. Hurdman,	Public notice is hereby given by H. T, Hurdman, Secret-
ii lay afternoon last in the temporary	land. As » LiU'ml ,!„„ii,'iato	i	aîii	”ecr<-‘t,urt>-^ n“’",'lt*r (111 conseil municipal du com 16	do Pon-	ary-Treasurcr of the	municipal council of the	county^f Pon-
f the Senate C’Immlnr at the	against all conscription, whether	indus-	tuic, (pic les terres ei-aprés dé Tito seront vendues,	par en-j tine, that the lands	hereinafter mentioned	will be sold bv
vi.to.ia Museum,bv His Kwellemv thvI ln«1	.	1 can public, a la salle du conseil nu village de Campbells public auction at the council hall in the village of Camnhella
,W^.^•LTS'UK **	I vt "W"*™ i-r 4 MARS.' ,,r„. Bay, on WKD.NKSDAY th« SEVEN PH 4 of Ma'rch
ami ever) thing else for England 1 1 say c“a,n» (1 y1 ; / <l 1 heures de lavant midi, pour les cotisa- next, (1917) at fEN o'clock in the forenoon for the assess-
h,'ut ,tliy hvsitatp-.i.	tiens ( t Irais ducs aux municipalités ci-dèsgous mentionnées	monts and costs duo	to the municipalities hereinafter men
The Speech from the Throne read byl^f °,,ly two l''K,u'b Canadians	in	the I	Ilai> 1 m 01,1 Us’ iU,lht Icjom lixe pour le vente	the aforementioned day of sale.
rem h languages, was longer than usual does not prove that they are our cnimies.
•t it foreshadowed little new legislation. Mr. Vannon had talked vigorously,
Hie most striking passage in the speech	be, and made many statements,
but he felt sure that Mr. Cannons
I V ( iovcrnm. nl «Il int.-o.luce to fur I il'hed ’	^
trier extend the life of the present Par-1 Soliol and Le (’anada. lj linent on account of the Empire Wing I* the s|H*evh was published in these
.he ,„| ssjt .riÏHÉ, s«42.	œ w
.. ,r, ,1	,	_ ..	,	H** vnileti by warning Mr. Cannon to V ,i<xs* McNeil
I ho hie of the present l ail lament I he ware of his words, for they were to Succession Estate-Pat. O’Flahert)
iJ! expire m OetoWr next, and under be tiefore the bar of public opinion ^bn Schwartz.......
u>tmg legislation a dissolution and throughout the country.	| George Young................
lection would be necessary in the early
My advisers, however, are of
COUNTY SALE OF LANDS FOR TAXES.
SHAW VILLE, JAN. 25, 1917.
Parliament Opened.
tei
ike (-1 IVvonshire, Vamuln’s new gov-
lor-general.
I'he event was marked by the usual
ceremony observed on such oeca
t
vein
Nom >ui le Role il'Evaluation^ Name on the Valuation Roll.
Nombre du Cadastre Cadastral Number.
Taxes d écoles.	Tuxes Municipal
Svlicol Taxes.	Municipal Taxes.	Costs
Rung
Rangi
Etendu
t\
Fiais
Total
\ rea
Total
I
that referring to a resolution which
V> l>
CANTON D’ALDFIKLD
rowNSHir of aldfield

II engaged in wnt
15
i
lot) acres
3 3.71 5.74 11.54 «.55
$0.38
34.09
47, 4H,	49
Ml
matter reads
f
38
«18
47
I
108
38
11.98
10.11
8. A 50,
8. A 51
35-b, 30-b, 37 b/ 38-b
1
185
2.80
76
8
208
3.72
38
4.10
61
2
03
1.33
2.60
.76
7.71
future
Pii' “pinion that the wishes of the Can li.oi people and the urgent require ' enta of the war would lx* lest met by ivoiding the distinction and confusion iuent u]K>n a general election at so il a time.
Cost of Clearing Land by Two Methods.
CANTON DE BRISTOL
TOWNSHIP OF BRISTOL
(Experimental Farm Note)
When time is no object, to l»est way fi> dear land from timber growth is t<* lliat purpoht* can only be effected let nature and live stock assist. When igh the medium of legislation by the growth is removed and the brush f‘u‘Parliament of the Vnited Kingdom, burned off clean, which, with most " A resolution authorizing and le growths, may l*e made a profitable « jesting the enactment of such lcgisla- operation by sale of the timber and tin*
i m as will further extend the life of wood, clover and grass seed may lx'ii	, .	.. i
lis Parliament will la- presented to «own, and, while cattle and sheen are ,	l"t.° * 1commerce raider
lwtnring and eating down the spmutN aIwl..and tbat	latter, vessel is now^	•^.oeo o°o.
Und whether or not there is a general I be completed " ' * "? 1 <‘rt t tanng tan I j»jc Janeiro, Jan. 20.—The British $orde
If they decide to oppose the At the Experimental Station, Fivdvr a,nt,,°,itkxs h,ive.a warning to
“thee than m any desire to help the stump removal have Urn tried and ral‘lrr ,s crui8lnF »k.ng the Atlantic ; \ eminent in its efforts to assist the herewith are given figures of therein- u,I,> ro.llte*- b®cret m^nictions	. ... .
mm
>- *'‘(t issiio which is engaging the atten- A stump puller of the drum	and long	U.P a,uI put out of business trans-atlan- not dried nor broken by ice crystals,
f	the government and the country, !vvvr tyix? was employed,	giving	a	lift-	tlv transport will not be considered any “ ygW WORK FOR WOMFJV
mg power of 23 tons with an ordinary t0° lSa,c-	__
With one hundred and twenty	A later	rcjiort says that the German I a Large Organization
,. ....	,	,	stumps, 10 inches and over, to the acre,	commerce raider which eluded the Brit-}	A i<J«4 th#* nnMn.in.sj
uliicli will result, and which at and st*venty-two smaller stumps, it re- ish blockade is the Vineta, a compara QhnrHv	Pk y
time-veins prudent to avoid.	ipiired an average of twenty minutes	lively old	but speedy cruiser. An un .aZ Tn;nntnt r	i>	»
with a team and driver and two men to	con firmed	riporton Monday stall'd the league started its activities
-vniove each of the large «tumps and 6 raider had been sunk off the coast of ourbon at the^ front, an^any othe? minutes to remove each of the smaller Brazil by the British cruiser Glasgow, j patriotic work that might present it-ones. The 120 stumps required 40	! self. Hardly had the ladies started
hours, and the smaller ones G hours. -- ~ ---before the question of the unemploy
The relative cost, therefore,	stood hs	n.J.,,	mm# ,	•1 ed loomed largely on the horizon
follows	ueaar uQUflrBS WântGd Hundred« of girls and women out of
n	positions applied for assistance in
Tenders will l>e received by the un- sett,n* work in the dark days of designed for the following lots of cedar 1914 2n<? 1,16< when tbe bottom squares Hx* inches, imd 2 thirds of !*•“•? knocke,d out of everything.
EE3" - » B3.E~r
w'l- tta Ikrber'e bllU.l, fiLT. S"V5 ZS5
concession ;	afoot, as well as enlisting the help
>000 ft. at Browns mill viand sympathy of employers. Much
Elliott’s corner ;	I hAS been written of the work of the
7000 ft. at Shaw ville.	I lea^ue and its various departments.
All to be delivered before April l<t bul now lhst the unemployment
I question is not so acute, the work at
-	' 191,1 n rr «/¦ y,»- Txv	strong. Under the reports of em-
,,3?0'	b T. HODGINS,	ployment bureaus we And that the
Sec.-Treasurer, number of casual jobs supplied by Municipality of Glarendon. the Toronto Women's Patriotic
League bureau was 678 for Septem-
__ her, and here only women and girls
register. It Is worth while to compare this showing with the figures of the Winnipeg Free Bureau
I I Wring Hhv Loader,	™en» women, boys and girls register,
1 Hay Tedder	the number there being 1,229. This
; toîassu,
1 |L ÎW Vav 1 Uia>W’ X-	work, states that since the bureau
1 jrtcivAl walking How, No. I, opened there have been 5,125 régis-
1 noyai Favorite Cook Stove,	(rations; 638 have been supplied
1 McClary ‘ Famous ' Coal Stove. with permanent positions In the city,
A quantity of Building Timber, 7x9 ABd 398 the country During Oe-
¦•Pllilii* y	"=: Mi
mmimm
a.,non made a bitter attack. « barging Itbem	”ed	*"*' ,n?t,! A eaptnmt Jap-	the nth range of the township of Chur	resourceful, and soon got in touch
dr Sevigny with having 14 odiouslv f”6®	wae	taken ,nt/) R Amer-	vndon. I his is om of the tiest farrnm in	with employers who were sympathe-
rickod " his const it n puts when h»ll<sn ,1ort in	charge of a German prize	the township-a fine I, am soil and	&#« and co-operated with her desire
' "¦ "M"- •*• i	*r%zL, *	srysvir ss. i k
7 l'y	, Uthcr vowl* which b«d keen *nt tr the	J. H. HOBNER,	usual dearth of domestic,. and the
ov* c"l !,T*v to» enulaxd ! so! bottom by a German cruiser believed to	Russell House, Hhawvillc “"it	,l<ht w‘" * •on,e H«
ictis str£	i .43---------------------------srtx SErrLnr: I MONflHFim I
Articles for Sale	%%%£%'&% l"^UlMldl
tbs decided upon after consultation has amtin eluded the British blocade in The following articles are offered for Paid by the hour aa «killed' laborers. , ,.	..	nieiltS ever placed before the public
Tr,re,ach "wm•"to
i»i week of the Liberal candidate, Mr. cargo of this commodity wa« cast adrift ,0 lock hoir, »„!i no call u,ie. Will	le oe* meBth ™* «•«. Rm puFcnasers interest to consult me before placing their order
w -m». ,b„ U.É.W.k.k.---------------------.L-——•1 - - 'SSU?SHSURS'5*» «'"-I»". Nothing too large-nothing too .mail
i for help, and 1ST casuels supplied	¦¦ ¦ g ¦	I	™
la October —	' T-WF—-
uppllcabose ; of tea aa employer will want more than ant girt mere than 131 might get poeltieos
Inconnu Unknown.........
Madame Mrs. W. Thomson
3-b
3
100 acres
19 89
23.48
1.85	44.62
SV<
19 a
50
3.52
3.60
86
7.37
III VH
Bryson, Que., (5 Jan. 1917
Vu
H. T. HURDMAN,
Sev.-Treas. Co. Pontiac
TAILORING-
al
t ion
We keep a good line of Serges of fancy patterns always in stock.
Not a Representative.
Mrs English Is your husband o representative American?
Mrs V. S A.—No, ludecd! He's • senator!- Life
1

r
i

#0 £
S
%


-
Also Overcoats, Cape, Sweatercoats, wear and Heavy Pants.
Î

ii his shoulders will rest the respon-lity for the turmoil and political

team
Under-

in Toronto


Liberal and Laurierite
MURRAY BROS., SH/\WVILLE.
M irk the striking difference of lent expressed, in the following para
iplis by the Liberal Premier of Maui-, XV1	, .
¦;1-*' —<o in .k , J |ZZ%
luMn (Que.) hy-election, which is j 46 hr*, work team, driver at 32c
helpers at 18c
cleaning, piling at 18c. 59.40 burning at 18c
sen
xs.t> ust
t
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop. Doors,
14.72
16.56
g held this week
92
330
“ Agitators against National Nvr tice should be called traitors ; they are unworthy of the name of and should not la* at liberty.”- T.
C. Morris. Premier of Manitoba.
National Service is preliminary ?•«inscription. There arc men in the Borden cabinet who want to cut off t lie head of the French-Canadian To resist this policy you diould have a man of courage to defend you.”—Mr. Cannon, Laurier •pponent of If on. A. Sevigny in I to l Dorchester.
an
uo
10.80
men
#101.48
Where explosives were used, the cost per acre was :
1 10 lbs. stumping |>owder I 1.90,	22.33 I ;\n\
" i feet fuse at 60c 900 < aps at l.oo
40 hrs. labor dynamite operator 23c. 9.20 40 “ team and driver at 32c 80 “ hvl|>ers at 18c
60 11 labour piling
labour burning at I S,
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
2nd
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing*.
3.00
3.00 next
race
at 1 St
*82.73
A.rording to Premier Morris’s way of inking, men like Cannon should be q-vd : but, doubtless, he has no fear that, and will likely continue t->
me ami fulminate under the fullness I from stone, and stumps wen small and
of | comparatively few, the land was made ready for the plough at a cost of less than *40.00 per acre.
Ou other areas, where there
were
heavy boulders and small stones, the cost of clearing ran up to *186 00 |*»r acre, while, where the land was free
FOR SALE
where
We Can Supply You
the protection of the ntish freedom which he unworthily id undeservedly enjoys.
measure
of
WITH ALL KINDS Of .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Captured British Steamer En gaged in Commerce Raiding.
Hot Campaign in Dorchester
st. Prosper, Dorchester County. Que., «h. 18 —That the by election for the f * wise of Commons
Your patronage solicited.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
in non
____WARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
sample* that display the leaving her free to pursue her destruct be sold in section* if desired rgamaed attempt which » going to be ive mission. The result has certainly i*ule to (day upon ignorance and been sufficient to cause alarm, because
not only baa the raider done much dam
1 Taylor Safe -medium sise —in good rej>»ir
1 small Quebev Heater with pipes. Apply at the Post Office Kbawville
KOBT HOBBS.
re Individual
n-dulity.	I not only baa the raider done much dam
Why are you obliged to put another ! age on her own account, but there is tamp oe your letters, to pay when you evidence that she has converted one of
FENCING and cemetery
WORK A SPECIALITY
m that
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
3906
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Historic Relic Pertly Destroyed.
The oldest relic ol York County narrowly escaped destruction a few
mm
eventful day when Sir Isaac Brock planted the apple tree it has been an
object of veneration to the residents of North York
AUSTRALIA Ilf WAR TIME.
Many Thanks
4 Weekly Journal deveted to Local IqUreeti.
HeblUbed every Tkindty
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
#
Wo wish to thank our many friends who braved the cold and storms of last week to attend our sale. Wo wore much pleased with the interest shown and the attendance.
SUBIURIPTION, <1 aYIAB IN ADVANCE.
All arroara must be paid up before
*»ny p ipor in discontinued.
ADVBRriSINO KATB8.
Legtl advertising, lüccnlH per Hue for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each Mi bloquent Insertion
U.Hlnesi cards not exceeding one Inch I ti sorted at $6.00 per year.
LoJ.il announcements Inserted at the rate of d cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Uo n nsrolaI advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates w hlch will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be In i until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, n irriage and death notices pub-1 lishod free of charge. Obituary poetry I
reclined.
Agent Wanted!
taxation pro-poaal Is a war-time profits tax of
fifty per cent, of the profits of the year Id 15-10, allowing an exemption of |l,C0 i and profit of seven per -•cnt. for private firms or companies and «il per cent, on public companies. For 1916-17 the Government will allow a profit standard of eight per cent, to private firms or companies, and seven per cent, to public companies, after which all the war profits will be retained for the Federal Treasury. The Commonwealth income tax is to be Increased by twenty-five per cent, during this year )f the war. In addition, there Is to be a Federal tax on tickets for entertainments or amusements. The total revenue from the new taxation Is estimated at $41,600,000.
JFXgzxz.. I raE
nî7m?L8COV!Z t,htl the despatch of maximum retail prices for groceries Untie concerns not"oU%d8%t«:	nec^'in ° AuXua	^
WTU.'ZSi h:eT —	»-“-S5S
dian Coast, * The Cologne Gazette i The Commonwealth Government is
,	<	Q0W operating thirty-five cargo
I Among Germans everywhere, not steamers and five large sailing ships
the Canadian coast."	000.000, applied for by J01 026 in- .f"r ,he .*""1’?* of receiving taxes, and
The Cologne Gazette proceeds in ititutlons. firms, and individuals transacting other municipal business, the usual strain about the past Canada's trade with Australia bas	THOS. J. Mt'KEE,
achievements of Gorman submarines, more than doubled during the past	See.-Treasurer,
L	Mî. th*,,ere "ow «°1?*	‘"«'Ve months. Imports from Au.-	T,c Thorn*.
kKi °iUi th,e h? 08 wtence tbe tra,,a for the twelve months ending Ladysmith, Jan. 4, 1917 nemy obtains abundant help, so with August last totalled $3,142 000
that the weapons may become more is compared with $837,725 for the
eQUal iu lhis une<tual bKht."	preceding twelve months. Exports
to Australia totalled $8,255.000, as
compared with $5.234,659 in 1914-
EMPIRE SEMI-TRIMMED WALL PAPERS
(Patee U-d)
Nationally Advertised The Greatest Wall Paper Inv Uon of the age.
A TWIST OP THE WBI8T TRIMS THE ROLL
No knife, scissors or straight edge required.
Paper hanging made
quicker, cleaner and better
An energetic agent Is wanted fn
this locality to show samp _ ____
solicit orders from householders.
Handsomely bound «ample books showing hundreds of beautiful, exclusive patterns are furnished agents free.
Over 2,100 agent# are making large profits.
Applicants please state oecupa-tion, age, end surrounding village# can canvass, when fall particular# will be furnished.
Stock Taking.
Wo will commence to take stock now and during that time we will place upon Sale, different Udds and Ends at tempting prices.
About ten years ago the tree died, but owing to the historic associations a cement foundation was laid about the bole. On a Saturday afternoon a thoughtless schoolboy climbed Ur venerable relic and filling the hollow bole with old grass and leaves dropped a lighted match therein. The flames ignited the trunk of the tree and within a few minutes a brisk Are was burning. Before the blaze was detected it had gained a good hold on the tree and the fire wagons arrived Just In time to extinguish the flames and save the tree from total destruction.
t\

Moccasins.
1 Hiring the past week we had the pleasure of looking through two setts of Manufacturers' Samples. The common Oil Tan Moccasin, 0 in. high will sellât $«.00 next season. We have still a few odd on sale at $3.00 per pair.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and eheiply executed. Order* by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
pairs
THE
EMPIRE WALL PAPE*
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
NEW
MONTREAL
36M
Rubbers.
Also this past week we received notice of advances from 12 to 15 p. c. according to the line. We have not taken advantage of this rise. Why not pick up a pair now for the sloppy days in spring ?
O
Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2n Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. IÎODOINR Rec.-Secy.
Public Notice.
G. 0. McDowell,
W. M.
I,. 0. L. No. 27, meet# 1st Tuesday of each month.
Howard Dalk
W.M.
Rko. Huim.ins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
HoDuiNft. HHIWÊHHJHI
W. Camp, in Com
Fleece Lined Underwear.
Both Penman's and the York Knitting Mills are quoting this line at such a high figure for next fall that they will have to retail at 85c. per garment.
We have a few Undershirts only, at the old price, 50c. per garment.
RICO. IIOlXilNS.
Com. Scribe.
Professional Cards.
REPRESENTATIVE
WANTED
A Bird Protection
[ Ontario is deeply interested In the 1*5 expected early ratification of a treaty between Great Britain and the United States whereby Canada and the United States have agreed to co-operate in the preservation of migratory birds
Canada agrees practically upon the same closed seasons for ducks, swans, geese, and other game birds as exists In the United States, and to the protection at all times of insectivorous birds.
DR. A. H. BEERS
at once fur Shaw ville and District
School Fairs Have Value.
Kent county has been fortunate I	— FOR—
Giia year in having a number of very I “ CANADA'S GREATEST NURSERIES”
of the local representative of the On- suitable for the province of Quebec, in tario Department of Agriculture, cjmhng M< Into** Red Applk, St. The object of the school fair is to Kk,;is Bvfrbeajun* Raspberry. and interest children In the home life of ”iany other leaders the farm and to get them interested I ^tart now also in the growing of farm crop, in ihickens and stock, teach them proper methods of rais ling crops and live stock so that bet ter results may be obtained purpose is to show the boys and girls that there are better opportunities for the average person on the I farm than in the cities, to encourage the young people to stay on the farms and to also encourage them in making the home life on the farm more I cheerful and interesting and to beae-jtit the social relations of the munities In which they live, objects and purposes as laid down for the school fairs are worthy of [the most hearty co-operation and assistance of all classes of people.
The arguments against young people rushing to the commercial très are many; the needs of increased production on the farms are fairly clearly understood and the need of overcoming some of the unfavorable conditions attached io residence in the rural sections hare been emphasized repeatedly. Those who are on the farms or who come closely In touch with the farming community realize fully the manifold advantages of better and more modern methods In farm work. There is just as much reason why a farmer should use his head as there is for the manufacturer to adopt business methods In bis plant
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bat
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill Univentlty.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
- Qvv.
By the treaty it Is said
C. F. HODCINS CO.
HHHIHTerins liberal,
STONK and WELLINGTON,
The Foothill Nurseries «Established 1*37)
ToRO.N
as well as to
S. A. MACKAY
Ont
The
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
HOMEMAKERS' CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Que.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
THE MINISTER
OF FINANCE
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Elmside
com-
Such
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
Will visit Shawville -very Saturday
REQUESTS
THE PEOPLE OF CANADA
BEGIN NOW
TO SAVE MONEY FOR THE
NEXT WAR LOAN
Second Wednesday, Bristol, - . First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
TO
cen-
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
Wyman, . , First Friday,
ohawville - First Saturday, Yarm
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
V îmIIh Shaw ville every Saturday
• Last Monday,
of each month.
CEO.C. WRIGHT, K.C.
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE OTTAWA
JAM. # I #17
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER» AC
196 Main St. - Hull.
.	.	The farmer ,
œæ.ïï.x i °» «*«*¦>¦*¦ «•«-
years ago Is the man who ranks first WEST LAND REGULATIONS
in the community and the educating Tl . .	/	.
the children to this principle and I 1 ,l( 80,6 "(?ad of a family, or any male plan means more success for the !over 18 years old, may homestead a rural sections and a corresponding I quarter section of available Dominion ldvantage for the cities and towns. ' land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al-
w&Êmm=
iTP before them.	tain conditions.
The Influence of the school fair	1 duties—Six month* residence upon
ihould be extended.	I awl cultivation of the land in each of
three years A homesteader may live within nine miles of his homestead on a A writer In The Victoria Colonist fitr,n of at least SO acres, on certain con ] liscusses Canadian humor and Cana- Mitions. A habitable house is required
xsjæns. ï&zrss z:	“ .......
nferlor he was to Punch. Someone g< . 81 , lDf ma>’ l ^e empt a quarter sise would protest against anything	alongside his homestead. Price
•esembling frivolity. As a reeult I3 00 per acre.
.he fountains of fun within him that I Jhities—Six month# residence in each >nce seemed Inclined, with a little of three years after earning homestead roaring, to bubble, have dried up, and patent ; also 50 acre# extra cultivation
SSynSSsr ei: •	î' srïsssssr
rough made his cartoons for Grip	,n ^rt^in districts
here was no oar except Sir John arre	m
Macdonald who did not get crow	Duties Must reside six months
iver the pictures. He speaks of Mr. f*ch of three years, cultivate 50 acre* Edward Blake's unbridled Indigna- and erect a house worth SS06 :lo. because of a carlo*» by Be*-	W W. CORY.
raasw ^ essjassnsssss
this advertisement will not lw paid for
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARM iTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In Fort Uoulonge every Wednesday and Shawvllle every Saturday.
in person or 8ub-
*'v
TO INVESTORS
on cer
GEORGE HYNES
HOSE WHO. FROM TIME TO TIME, HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT MAY PURCHASE
AT PAR
Canadian Humor.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
PariDnahttention.Openall hours.
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
IN SUMS OF $500 OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF.

UNDERTAKING "d EMBALMING
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at
any chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
HAYES * FINDLAY
Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest as the equivalent of cash, in peyment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue m Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or otherJ^e short date security.
Proceeds of this stock are for war purposes only.
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and
stock brokers on allotments made In respect of applications for this stock which bear the r stamp.
SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.
All vails will receive prompt per
sonal attention
i
Price #3 no
W.J HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
DEPART SCAT OF FINANCE. OTTAWA,
OSES 7TH, 1 tt6.
leveloplag Canadian humor lm that
Ton e advC* A,k ** our ,NVKN
me another too well, and that
MARION 6 MARION.
we
we one another too often
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
SS4 University
Montréal.
###PAGE###6###
Yet he knew that he had not miss-! “and don’t forg#t we want some more ed them, for he had taken his lunch on spices.”
the balcony of an inn commanding a 1 “Right you are,” eald the husband, view of the river, which he had kept and with a wave of his hand to her under survey from the time he had he went down the path, the two chil-rtnchcd Hampton earlier in the day. dren running to meet him.
Steadily, with the persistence of a Lucy Ashford stood at the door and bloodhound tackling its prey, he walk- looked after him wistfully, ed on and on, until he came to a vil- “Poor John,” she murmured, as lage, or rather a collection of home- she went back to clear away the tea-steads. Very small it was, consist- things. “What would he,do to me, if ing only of an inn, a house, half cot- ho knew?”
tago and half shop, and a few red-! Her thoughts went back to the great tiled cottages wherein the bargemen secret of her life. It whs that which lived, when they were at home, which caused her strange nervousness was seldom. In the bright sunlight, had repented of the past truly enough, the blue sky overhead and the shining and no better wife could have been river in the foreground, it burned a found throughout the kingdom ; but
the secret had eat, n into her life. She strove now to put it away from woman ami her husband, at their five- her; for sh knew she wa n iv.dity
safe enough. Only her father nnd “John Ashford, Grocer," warn the in- Mr. Vermont knew and the latt.r script ion over the shop door; and she had not seen for years, these were John Ashford and his Now, therefore, she put away her wife, Lucy. They had two children, cups and saucers and called gaily to now playing by the river side; and the children, as they came running were, as tin- bargemen's wives exprès- hack. The girl who had been playing
with them came too; and as *he ap-The man’s face was a good-humor-: proached the cottage she raised her
Lucy Ashford

f

¦
Tea is Delicious and Pure
y
*9

CANADIANS 1

Scaled Packets Only - Never in Bulk
E218
A
She
BLACK, MIXED or NATURAL GREEN
WANTED FOR. THE
ROYAL NAVY
I pretty enough picture.
! In the little shop parlor now, sat a
L1
o’clock tea
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
Canadiens wanted for the Royal Naval Canadian Volunteer Reserve for immediate oversea» service. Only men of good
character and good physique accepted.
Pay $1.10 Minimum per day —Free Kit.
$20.00 per Month Separation Allowance.
Fipcrirnced men from 38 to 45, sad beys from 15 te 18 accepted 1er service in the CANADIAN NAVAL PATROLS for defeece of the Coasts.
Apply te CommodorrÆmiuus Jarvis
Naval Recruiting Officer. Omtarie Area 103 Bay Street. TORON TO. or Dept, of tke Navel Service
OTTAWA

Or The Sunlight of Love
sed it, “doing comfortable.”
ed one, round, honest in expression, head and smiled c cs- and common-place. His wife was. not stooped to kiss thee hildren, then said said Jasper quietly, in- ^Wished there, was beautiful to wit- so ordinary; a fair-haired, small-fig- kindly to Jessica—for it was indeed
ward I y irritated that his dupe should m .	.	lured little woman, she showed traces she;
be absent, even for a day, without	()n	l,s entr'’ *nto	drawing-room,	of having Ix-en	a village “beauty” in	“1	expect you	«re tired with	them
telling him of his intention and plans.	Constance	sprang up eagerly,	her young days,	of the pink and white,	now,	my dear.	Come and	sit	down
“Oh! Where has he gone? He did	!Tffari^n£ him a» the	forerunner of the	shallow type.	Uut in her eyes, and	with	me for a	little while.*'
mention it last night, but 1 have for- man	*ove<*» ft,u* ^asPcr smiled as along the corners of her somewhat Jessica raised her dark eyes grate-
gotten.” lie put his hand to his fore- *u	them respectfully.	weak-looking mouth, there were signs fully	,
head as if trying to recall it to his “Thls is an unexpected pleasure, of nn ever-present fear.	j “No, ma'am, thank you. I'm not garding the continued difficulty of
mind.	Lat,y Constance,'' he exclaimed. “1 Even now ag she sat ^ ut tired. I love the children; they are keeping oleo manufacturers in their
But Norgate was too sharp to be !“ui T ilicM you wcre tomin& to her husband's tea. her habitual ner- *» ^ to me."	Place. The Farmer, published in Min-
"¦**	3 «* r r ,«- v„.	«s	5	»
whole outing had been too hurriedly	»he returned as c.lmly a. pcs- Hnd the audden start with which she________________________________________ ProPer Placej.8 “ question Of vital
decided upon for Jasper to have been	8,b1*:	, ut ' '"	n , f°r	»ould greet the	slightest unexpected	-mportance to Northwestern dairy-
told on the preceding night; and he	telling h,m all about it.
had no intention of allowing his mas- 1 oar>	ej«culatf.'J vMr- Ver;
ter to whom he was sincerely attached, m0nt 'ymP^etically. I have just to be worried by Mr. Vermont	come from his chambers. I learned
-Mid- r-r rs?
A. the letter hail bi-cn Unnight round	Um,.-
suggested Lady Constance.
“Poor Adrien/’ said Jasper with apparent reluctance , cannot even allow him that excuse; lai,	..	A	! he had evidently taken away all his
.. ' f*x t * f11 Ju 't go up and j correspondence this morning.” tA	e,* ve crs' Norgate, ' said ' Oh, it’s of no consequence,” said
*	' , :ng a rn:to.Iu0 ^ * "differ- the girl lightly, though her face was
N r' a L passed into the study, pale, and her eyes shone, as if through Norgate returning to hi. own quar- a mist of tears. “We arc only going
shopping for the ball, and that is dull re" | work for a man.
O
O
CHAPTER XIX.- (Cunt'd)
Miss Pvnelopv and Lady Consta
Oh
Appearances Deceptive
The aunt of a little boy was amaz-
ed at the appetite exhibited by him
during a recent stay in her household.
“Mercy!” she exclaimed one day. “But you certainly eat a terrible lot, Willie, for such a little fellow!”
oeuvre
The oleomargarine manufac-.	.
¦T ¦ the alert to take! Wll,le’ however, was not at all upset by this.
“I expect,” he rejoined, “that I ain't so little as I look from the outside.”
men
sound, or the knocking of a customer on the little counter. From where she sat she could see her children, and once or twice she smiled gently as she waved her hand to them, where they were playing with on elder girl who was in charge of them.
"1 say, Lucy," said John, as he
drank his tea noisily, “how's the girl There are several points which
going on? Getting over her shyness should be taken into consideration
a bit, ain't she?”	when purchasing a heifer or when
His wife started; but he was evid- picking out the heifers in the herd to	...
ently too accustomed to this to notice keep for breeding purposes. The very lhc olt*° miinufavtui vi s will never |||	—| | h |\ \	*	be content until they are permitted
to color their product in imitation of butter. They will thus avoid the cost of the Federal tax and save costly fines. Uncolored oleo, it should be remembered, bears only a slight tax of one-fourth of a cent per pound, and is within the reach of the pocket-book of the poor city man. “Bogus butter,” or colored oleo, bears a tax of ten cents per pound. The oleo manufacturer wants the colored product because it comes into direct competition with butter, and can be manufactured at a fraction of the cost of butter.
turers are ever on advantage of every situation that appeals to popular prejudice, and the oleo manufacturers, belonging to organized business, whereas dairymen are countless in numbers but unorgen-ized, are best equipped to promote their interests. The mere mention of oleomargarine should lx» sufficient to put every dairyman in a fighting spirit.
The Form
a
%
r:
When Selecting a Heifer
quite openly by one of the Merivale servants, needless to say, he could have given Jasper a very fair idea of where he had gone; but he preferred to keep his own counsel.
Indigestion
and
Biliousness
I'm afraid
her
•	build of some calves stamps them as
Yes," she said, reaching out for his undesirable for dairy purposes. They . "Poor girl, she’s seen some should conform to breed type and con-
A thicker shoulder is The permissible in a heifer than in the mature cow. As the development Yes, indeed," agreed John Ash- advances and milk N secreted the
shoulder of the dairy-bred animal us-of three ually takes on more of the wedge
There should also be a wedge
Indigestion, biliousness, headaches, flatulence, pains after eating, constipation, are all common symptoms of stomach and liver trouble# And the more yon neglect them the more you suffer. Take Mother Seigel’s 8ymp If your stomach, liver, or bowels are slightly detanged or
cup
trouble, I'll be bound; and for one so formation young, too, and innocent world's a hard place!
Mr. Vermont waited until his r treating footsteps had died away,then with a quick hand and a keen eye he turned over the letters which lay where Adrien had carelessly thrown them. Amongst them was one which had been evidently overlooked, for it was unopened
-tor postmark, and Jasper’s shone, tents ?
“Can I be of any assistance, Miss Penelope," inquired Mr. Vermont. “Do let me help, I love shopping!” this neither of the ladies would allow; and with a parting shot on the subject of Adrien’s whereabouts, Vermont took his leave.
Ilis next move was to Waterloo Station, where he took a train to Hampton; and a little after noon, Jasper Vermont was strolling along the side of the river, smoking his cigar.
Very amiable he looked, and exceedingly interested in the boats, and
th efon it was not surprising that , the man who let them out on hire	er rame» cePt what dye call
readily answered his	to
ford, with a glance through the dow where the little were playing
win
i
group
“Let me see .she’s been *shape
here u matter of four weeks, hasn’t f°rm from shoulder to hook bones.
to Walton. Large capacity and strong constitu-Rum thing me finding her at all. If tion are desirable. /These are donat-I hadn’t come acros.i the moor instead by depth and thickness of body, of along the road, she’d ’ave been in A shallow-ribbed heifer tucked up at i that furze bush still.”
Mrs. Ashford shuddered at the sug- be a heavy producer
he room for the vital organs to oper
' She hasn’t given us no account of ule Properly, and for a storage
%%	SvE tst ûS
tion seldom develops into a strong,	by	*he, 8uPP°rt of one
rugged cow	, ol lhti Twln City daily papers
It is essential that they have a organization known as the Women’s
feminine appearance; heaviness and We,far* league has evidently been
coarseness are objectionable The l""*P,red l° fifbt the ba"les of the
oleo manufacturer
But
MOTHER
SEIGEL’S
sht since I went
over
It bore the Barmin
eyes
con-
Could he but learn its He picked it up. turning it over and over in his hand
intense delight it was but lightly sealed, and by dint of a little care the letter was safely opened, uninjured and unsoiled.
the fore flank seldom turns out to
There must
“Last spring the oleo manufacturers made a dastardly attempt to dis-(>f credit the dairy industry though a Congressional resolution. A more
SYRUP
To his
gestion of his words
bare lost tone. Mother Seigel’s Syrup Is made from the curative extracts of certain roots, barks, and leaves, which have a remark able tonic and strengthening effect ou all the organs of digestion. The distressing symptoms of indigestion or Ueer troubles soon disappear under its beneficial action. Buy a bottle to-day, but be sure you get the genuine Mother Selgel's Syrup. There are many imitations, but not one that gives the same health benefitaJMÉIjBj
id the
It was from Lady Constance, stat ing that she and Miss Penelope
Ind wo2ldhbetty Barm'insfer"iBjuse°a t the I*81. ,easor! of lhv vear- thc aP
eleven o’clock	proximate number of customers, etc.,
It was quite a short note, and Jas- had,a witha lady and «•ntleman per, smiling wickedly, sealed it up. a" lead*n* UP ,to ,the	question,'
He knew there was no fear of discov- g°,?£ °“t ,t.hut day ' ery, for there was not a more un,us-	No’ the mun 88,11
picious man living than Leroy. His mind was working rapidly, seeking to mature a plan by which he could separate Leroy and Lady Constance still further.
were
An
“Jessica,” put in his wife call her Jessie, sounds more homelike.”
I
There should be a who.has. a nat,°nal reputation as a
most efficient official and, incidental-
Ar an example of the underground methods of the oleo manufacturer, and the ignorance
It should
Curiously
enough, sir, no boat has gone out today with a lady and a gentleman in it like what you describe.”
“Oh,” said Mr. Vermont. “1 was my mistake. I thought I saw a gentle-
First of all, he continued to search man rowing	a 1I1H<ly d?wn **“ riY.eL“	!
through the letters, ocketing those rowmir very	well	too, «n a l.ght sk.IT."
Not here, he mused. I should a gentleman-regular swell, and a t,e cor,ner '? our hearts marked 'Pri-know her handwriting in a moment. ]ady in blue. Lor* bless ver, that vat^ she ai,,le<l in a low voice.
1 a"' Pm"t,ve he has gone with her ain-t one of mine, that's à private “j^Pting you and me, my dear!” bhe must have let him know by let- boat that's	kept	up at the Court, I	sa,d	John-	wiping	his	mouth	as	he	rose
1.'s,mor,n,‘,ng- Can he have taken think. Oh,	yes,	he’s all right; gone	from,,he	table,	and	coming	round	to
* h* ,m	,	1 upstream, they have, and a nice day ^ivs h«r | ¦	*1 ¦	1
His tye caugnt a scrap of tom pap- they've got.”	She started again and paled a lit-
er in the fireplace. Like a bird of This was what Jasper needed; and Pre\’. J* Pount‘«d on it, and Untwist- after strolling about among the boats il g !î, his small eyes glittered as he fOT a few minutes more he started off
ref Akin u .. j ...	, .	. along the bank, keeping at such a dish! ?Utlerdn	bis cigar Unce from the stream that, though
with it, and burned all save one comer he could see all who passed in the
ampton. Tes, that s it; under boats, no one on the river could see cover of Lady Rose they’ve betaken him themselves to the river shall I do?
Lady Constance, or do both?”
ISIS
In addition to
Best Remedy
12'wWb „„
symmetry to the body cannot be overdeveloped without detracting somewhat from another.
, While it is desirable that a cow should have a mild disposition, she should also be alert, sensititive, and active. These qualities should be noticeable the heifer
denote the quality to a large degree. • Even with the calf the mammary ; system is an indication of what those 1 organs will develop into in the mature animal, and should receive con-
fully and note whether the teats are well placed or not, and that there are indications of the udder being well attached
„ tend well forward if they are tortuous, branched, and end in deep milk
mu iLTÆ;, sr&zsz
60e
ly, friend of the dairy industry.”
One part

FIVE ROSES FLOUR
FOR BREADS-CAKES PUDDINGS ÉjJ PASTRIES =
The skin and hair

tie
“Of course, dear,” she said; “I wasn't thinking of us.”
“We’ve no secrets,” said the good-natured grocer, as he took down his hat and coat from behing the door.
“Our hearts are open like them clocks, with all the works outside, eh, Lucy, my dear?” Laughing at his simile, he kissed her «gain.
“If you’ll take care of the shop,
quality of blood which flows in the veins is important. The pedigrees and records of the ancestors should be studied, as the characteristics of both sire and dam are inherited by the offsring. It is not enough that the immediate ancestor* possess the desired qualities; they should extend back several generations. Some breeders lay a good deal of stress on the outward appearance of an animal, while others claim the quality of blood to be all important. However, both individuality and pedigree should be considered. No matter how good the pedigree may seem, if the calf is deficient in form it is of little value. On the other hand, a calf which appears almost perfect to the eye may turn out to be a very poor proflucenof milk and butter-fat.—Farmer's Advocate.
Can you guess it Î
There are housewives whose cake is always praised—whose pastry is famous for i ts melting flakiness -whose firm, light bread wins daily compliments— whose puddings are noted for savoury liehtness—whose cookies are so lastingly crisp.
They have one rule that applies to all their baking.
Examine the udder care-
Now what Follow them, or See
The beauty of the day, the shimmer and sparkle of the river, with the soft .	... lap of its waters, the singing of the
acing the scrap of paper carefully birds over his head, all had no effect in his pocket-book he left the fist, and „n him. His dark, beady eyes noted made his way to Barmmster House, nothing but the boats that passed. He had called presumably in order to none of which, as yet-though the see after some slight alterations then afternoon was waning Hast—contain-being made, and his surprise on finding ed Adrien and Lady Merivale
own
The milk veins should ex-
it*
11
“Get along, then,” replied his wife,
z
It Pays to Use Good Fertilizers
(’Heap fertilizers are always more expensive in the long run. If they are not well mixed, for instance, they may produce uneven plant growth, because the fertilizer is weak in some places and strong in others. Make sure of first-« lass results by using
Harpb-
D
A

fS w


is made m one grade only—the highest. So there is no danger of getting "seconds” when you buy Redpath in the original Cartons or Bags.
“Let Redpath Sweeten it. ”
Canada Sugar Refining Ox, Limited, Montreal

The Difficutly Wit* Margarine. Tbs claim of dairymen in Canada
1 bey are very finely ground and perfectly mi ^¦¦method knows One of (Sees fertilisers
by the most Is the right one
^¦¦¦K Jmpro
make more money for you. Harah Davies ferUr***» xxle good far both crop and soil. Write today Ur ferttiiter booklet We seed them free of charge
Ontario FertlHiem, Limited, West Teronto.

<y
the quality sad
MJ

the margarine trade would result in
misrepresentation, by which an organized effort would be made to get oleo on the market under the guise of hotter, receives strong supporting evidence from the United States. Re-
U

10.20,50


###PAGE###7###
I
1
!
GERMAN GIVES NEW I VERSION OF WAR
electric wire which protects Central Europe.” The other is that the ha* proved there are limits to the possibilities of “knockout strategy in a war between great Powers.” Consequently a knockout policy aimed at procuring fundamental revolutions in the relations of European Powers docs not pay.
Thus, according to tile professor, the motto of the future will be “not overthrow, but balance.” i Although no other writers are allowed to confess German failures, his account of the peace manoeuvre is confirmed in other quarters. There I he London Times says:	Prof, is now little or no talk of German
Meinecke of Freiburg University, the benevolence and German dislike of distinguished historian, contributed to bloodshed.
About the House
Useful Hints and General Information for the Busy Housewife
war
i
t •
DISTINGUISHED GERMAN HIS TORIAN'S VIEW OF STRIKE.
WfBBÊ
< V -v*
:

Selected Recipe».	spoonfuls baking powder, four tea-
Johnn> Cake.—One cup of corn- "poonfule soda dissolved in warm meal, one-half cup of flour, one tea- water, one and one-half cupfuls nut spoonful svdl, salt, two tablespoonfuls meats and a small piece of citron, molasses, one tablespoon sugar, sour Put in a deep round baking pan and milk to	bake in slow oven. Frost with maple
frosting and mark eyes, nose and mouth with raisins or nut meats.

Conflict Has Proved There Are Limits
to Any “Knock-out Strategy.”

%,.


Ï






Oatmeal Cookies.—Mix one teaspoonful butter with one cup granulate I sugar, add two eggs, two and one-half cups of rolled oats (raw),	Things To Remember,
two teaspoonfuls baking powder. Put Salt or soda and a damp cloth will a teaspoonful of the mixture on a remove stain from dishes, greased and heated pan. Bake about A tough chicken can be made tender five minutes, or until a light brown in steaming it for three hours before
roasting.
Fruit is a more economical dessert than puddings, when eggs are so high. If you use sour cream for butter



m


It is argued simply that the Frankfurter Zeitung recently the its enemy ought to be persuaded to
most remarkable article on the history agree with Germany that a compro-
of the war which has appeared in any mise is inevitable and then discuss German newspaper. Being compelled peace based upon the war map to lie about the origin of the war, :
German writers generally have had to lie about all inconvenient events during the war.
Prof. Meinecke, on the other hand, adopts the convenient formula that it
"f,uxh„:„e:t- iu ",i
‘‘A particularly bright young soldier came into our hospital in France
ft*

Ü

» 4^

, -sam
i






'


*
color.
THE KOADMAKER.
V.

¦
Polato Special.—Mash several cold boiled potatoes, add butter, one egg, pepper and salt. Mix, shape Into ,,	,
halls, roll in flour and fry in butter makln*’ « should be soured quickly.
Arrange on platter with slices of cold Freah air and Plenty ot rest and
roast chicken. Garnish with lettuce Wa‘er wil1 go a 8T*at way towards leaves.	, curing a cold.
memm
constantly for six or eight minutes, then put it in a dish, smooth the outside and garnish with quarters of hard-boiled eggs.
Missionary Cake—One cup brown



Humble Service Cheerfully Done for
King and Country.
Dr. Wilfrid T. Grenfell, of Labrador,

K»K Wm*

:
Sri
v, pvani



mm,;.


.
%


Wëtl
W:
KJ
as
m


•V v
sive war," while in a military sense it was distinctly a knockout war
E-EfE—S BEF 5 ™
of the Marne and admit that the bat-	the .8P,ne and £>r	da^
tie for Verdun waa a failure	suffered much agony. The worst dan-
ger was ovèr, and I was sitting on his bed talking to him.
Where is your home?' I asked.
In Argentina,* he replied. Argentina ? In South America ? What brought you over here V
Well, Doctor, I was good and If we succeeded we strong, and I wanted to do my bit/ would then turn quickly and carry out “ Was work scarce when you left?' the name military idea against Rus- I continued.
sia, with the best prospects of suc- “ ‘Mot much. That's the country to cess. Then we would conclude a Anal live in,' he answered, smiling at the peace with England, who would have 1 very thought of it. been disarmed by the Continent. This peace would have had to assume the 1 soon.



First Phase of War.
Prof. Meinecke has the courage to describe the first phase of the war as follows:
“Our first object was to overthrow France rapidly and compel her to make peace.
14 I
blacking the stove, etc.
It is wise to once in a while take out the rollers of the carpet sweeper and wash them thoroughly. They will sweep much cleaner.
If you have to light a coal fire in sugar, one cup cold water, two cups the kitchen every morning see that raisins, one-third cup lard, one-quar- kindlings, etc., are all laid ready to
one-quarter teaspoon hand the night before.
To prevent tumblers from being
ii i
14 I
« S
A Chic Spring Bonnet of Green Braid on New Lines
A B spring approaches Dame Fashion goes into council with her talented aides and devisee just what will be the prevailing modes for the com-j ing season. This spring there Is offered a most charming- assortment of i new and novel bonnet*, In which the one shown above Is truly representa-i live, although in Itself distinctive. The hat Is of green braid, the lines new
and attractive The bonnet Is Just the thing for wear with spring suits. It Is simply tYlmmed.
ter nutmeg,
cloves, one tea spoonful cinnamon,	e_____ ______________
£invh *RÎt- Boil all together about linty ai.d streaked, wash them in clean five minutes; let cool; then add one water, rinse in scalding water and _ teaspoonfu! baking soda dissolved in drain; do not wipe with a towel.
^ÊÊÊÊêAJH	To freshen stale loaves of bread,
Sift with two cups of flour moisten slightly with cold water, just and hake in medium het oven about merely running the wet hand ~ thirty minutes.	j 1
Sad business, getting hit so It will be a long time before
¦¦SHU®!
¦¦¦
¦¦¦SMS
realize the desl.e of the Lithuanian	especially in the East, al- has been mooted for at least a century
v	,	__ though the real object—to break »nd the canal has not been commenced
At the commencement of the nine-	_	through and roll up our lines—could yet.
teenth century there were several	An Expert Opinion	not be achieved. This was due telÈI ¦	¦
moth®r.ln the village, who taught „ A	"J* * ,™d hou8e '" the fact that in the interval we still the hiding place of the great German
their children by their old methods to ***« .I,l*nd; wee ca*led "P°" to further developed the possibilities of 1**t. was talked about in the days ol
mm
S™ = ScsS SÉÎ.-MSS SSKSSs =5S£«
war would no longer bear any rela- event of Greece becoming a belliger
-------JZiÜiSS£ WPÆtf L* SSfS6sy1	-
Lithuanian people to become a free îî ’	h#,,tatlon, I should may to abandon the Intention of deetruc- year 600 B.C.
and Independent nation ~ | ” ”• some ,nksUnd	tion and seek a reasonable rompre-
History of the Peeptm ^ f Lithuania started the klatoricai life
Il é
water, onc-half teaspoonful baking
powder.
?i»
fork until in fine bits, slightly and add the milk to it, then add this milk-and-egg mixture to the dry ingredients and beat all well together.
greased cake pan and bake in a hot oven for about thirty minutes.
Prune Cake—One cup of sugar, two-thirds cup of butter, yolks of three eggs, one cup of cooked and
chopped prunes, one-half teaspoonful If my King and country need me, of nutmeg and an equal amount of nnamon added to the flour; one and Tho’ to sacrifice they lead om half cups sifted flour, the grated i ind of half a lemon and a teaspoon- For the laggards and the slackers ful of the juice, three tablespoonfuls Are the Germans strongest backers— of sour cream or, milk, one level tea- They will get what they deserve— spoonful of baking soda dissolved in a tablespoonful of hot water and added
to the cream. Mix in order given and If they want me In the trenches, bake in moderate oven. When nearly
I WILL SERVE.
Pour into a shallow well-
Dedlcated to National Service Commission Campaign.
cor-
By " Patriot.”
I will serve;
me,
I'll not swerve;
I will serve.
ware.
some
I will sepre;
cool cover with icing made from one 'Mid the shrapnel and the stenches— cup of confectioner's sugar mixed to a
soft peste with lemon juice or orange For my country and my King and lemon mixed. The cake should be I will suffer anything; baked in a shallow cake tin about ten All my service they desrve,
Boiled Noodles.—One egg, one-half teaspoon salt, grating of nutmeg, dash I'll not loaf while others toll, of cayenne and flour. Beat egg, add
seasonings and enough flour to make Can I plan the foe to fail? stiff dough. Work on floured board g
until smooth and elaatic. Cut off Power of muscle and of brain small portions and roll each as thin as Surely will the vic’try gain; a wafer. Slash into strips with sharp With more vigor, vim and verve, knife and cook in boiling water or soup stock twenty minutes.
be dried before cooking and stored un- None shall ever charge that I til wanted. Serve sprinkled with gg
breadcrumbs which have been brown- None stall taunt with “You’re the guy ed in hot butter to golden color. |	Would not serve!”
Cake With Cm#tard.—Moisten with When a wounded man I meet lemon juice enough stale cake to cov- Limping down the busy street t bottom of glass dish holding one He'll not hint, “You had cold feet!”— quart Make soft custard by scalding two cup# milk and pouring slowly over two beaten egg yolks, mixed In the mill or in the field, with three tablespoons sugar, one teaspoon butter, and a little salt . Cook Britons ne'er to foemen yield, in double boiler until it thickens.	I will serve;
Strain, and when partly cool add one- If I cannot man the guns half teaspoon vaijjjla and pour over 1 can send supplies In tons
Thus, to help defeat the Huns,
I will serve;
I will serve.
1 will serve;
I will serve.
I will serve.
May
Lithuania wa* always foqd of education.
Did not serve ;

The Kiel ( anal, made famous as

I will serve.

I will serve;
i
cake.
When ready to serve, beat
whites into stiff froth, add one table-
I p\ 11 serve.
This intelli-
when beating. Drop lightly, by spoonfuls, on top of custard and put bite of Jelly on meringue. ^
Spice Cake.—Boil four cupfuls
In the hot munition shop,
you call lit”
I will serre ;
we* made In th#
That the war may sooner stop.
I will
;
* **r, one-third cupful lard, eight cupfuls raisins, four cupfuls
l*et on
should rest the guilt e broker's life-blood spilt.
in* to you
«n't he?' Mi,» Speiti to require,| "Well, ye» " Mies Vance: “1 thought
h*1
Magistrate:
As regards the real guarantees about me,
cpooefhle ground cloves, four
1 will serve.
spoonfuls
a#s.*3Lna—î MStV«SJ!
oiekinn	IX_U MsL_1	..	•	"
hair

and adi

l
###PAGE###8###
When you want tho heal value for yom
. money u ..
The Effect of War
Upon Religion
The Shawyille Boot ant Shoe Store
When you require Printing-
call at
SHINGLES
et $1.65 per M and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboard» Flooring End Matched Hardwood Klooi ing. Moulding» Doois etc try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 55
THE EQUITY OFFICE
N the early days of the war no speculation aroused greater interest than that which concerned itself with ihc effect of the conflict upon religion. There were those who professed to see In the struggle absolute proof that the universe Is not ruled by a Divine Power. If there were a God, they said, would He permit this war? On the contrary. there were the evidences that In their sore affliction the people turned to a Supreme Being for help, other comfort boing denied them. Those who argued, rather than felt,
that God was still in His Heaven, said that this war was evidence neither for nor against their belief. This war was merely sin on a grand scale. If Its existence proved that there was no God, then the tint crime, the murder of Abel, proved It. To say that If there were a God He never would hae permitted the war was to say that if there were a God He never would have permitted crime1 nor suffering nor injustice nor any unkindness.
Presently this debate died down, and a new phase of the controversy was aroused, with a speech. In so far as Canada is concerned, made by General Alderson, In which he seemed to express the belief that men whose past lives had not beeu such as to give them a clear title to everlasting joy, yet paid their debt to sin when they died lighting for their country, and that for this supreme sacrifice “God would take them to Himself." This, of course, aroused the combative instincts of the strictly orthodox, and the question ha* not been settled to this day.
The direct effect of war on tit.* bel-
I
i
The Best Way
Arnprior. Out
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
ffl
THE MARKETS
to avoid paying high prices for Shoes is to buy now, as spring stock is bound to be at least fifteen or twenty per cent higher than present prices and are still soaring.
SH AW V11 LE
WWW
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
Flour per barrel #9.(0 Wheat, pel bushel, $1.85 to 1.50. Oats.per bushel, 50v.
Beans per bushel, #6 GO.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls -V* Potatoes per bag. 1.50c.
Eggs per dozen 40c,
Wool, washed, 4Xc.
Hides per 100 lbs. 15.00 Pelts 1.00 to 1.50 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.85 Veal Skins, each 00c

NOTICE
Bull Astray.
Strayed from the premise» of the undersigned on the 13th range of Onslow, during the past harvest time, a red and white bull, 1} years old. Information that will lead to his recovery will b*3 thankfully received by
1 wish all who owe me would call at my office in Shaw ville and settle accounts Immédiat el
r. lx ARMSTRONG. M. D.,
Montreal, Que
We Are Still Selling
a great many Lines of Goods at
Last Spring’s Prices
CLEAN UP SALE.
JAMES G. YOUNG,
K. R No. 3t Quyon, Que
The following arc In at Saturdays quot at ion» :
Butter, in print* 45c t o50c Butter i n pail* 40 to 43c Kggs. fresh, per dotcn f-0 to 00c Potatoes per bag. $2.00 Pork pci 100 lbs $15.00 to 10.00 Beef, per 100 lb*, $0 to $15 Oats per bushel 70c 11» v per ton 10.00 to 14.00
The following article* will bo sold at a sacrifice In order to clean up :
1 Doherty Piano—new ; also two new Single Buggies and one Express. -Primrose Cream Separator—new.
O, A. HOWARD
STRAYED
Strayed from the premises of the un designed about first week in January, a block and white sow. Information that will lead to her recovery will be thank fully received.
For Sale or Rent
but stock wont last long, so you will save money by buying now.
U. F. WAN LESS
A dwelling house, woodshed, carriage house, stable, henhouse and yard, well, apple trees, small fruit of different kinds pposite Mr. D. Horigins’ brick yard. THOMAS MAJOR,
Sbawville, Que.
R H. No. 1, Show ville
FOR SALE
(.'«ring for Disabled.
At the beginning of this month
2,081 disabled Canadian soldiers
were under the care of the Military
Hospitals Commission, according to
statistics issued from headquarters
at Ottawa. Of this number 426 were
at sanatoria for tuberculosis. 1.626
at convalescent hospitals (682 of the
latter being out-patients)
members of the force were in asy-
.	. i ..	....	% lun. for the insane. Of the 4
strong, dep u ted troni Htuwi on jca6e8 t,f tuberculosis almost half
1 hur*'d;i> morning last. ? «M‘ were discovered In time to prevent
citizens gave the depart mg soMum** lliem leaving: for overseas. Vp to
;i hearty send-ott, ami thr lioys aII October 5 the number of soldiers sent
appealed to lx* m the Ixvst cl ; hack to Canada because of medical
spirits as they boarded the ears at unfitness was 6,208.
( entrai depot.	were suffering from
• _	—	shock or the effect of gas
t
I offer for sale on reasonable terms the following probities, situated oa Mam street, in the village of Shaw ville :
1.	Brick Double Tenement flouac, adjoining St. I’an Vs Church property ; in good order and well adapted for two families.
2.	Old Pont Office building, containing accommodation for two store# or
shops, and two dwelling houses.
3.	- Butcher Shop (new building) -fitted with good refrigerator and other necessary equipment : three rooms on second floor suitable for millinery or other similar business.
For terms and further particular* apply to MRS. W. J. CONNELLY,
Cobden, Out.
P. E. SMILEY.
WANTED NOW
ligeren? nations ij revit wed in "Current History," by l;vv. Shin y M. Berry, pastor of Carr's Lane Church, Birmingham, one of the largt *t in England. He says that at the r>e-ginning of the war th°rc was observed in all countries directly involved a marked tendency to turn to their church for consolation and guidance. The more desperate the plight of the nation the more passionately it turned to religion. In Germany where the life of the people before the war had been more notably alienated from religion than in any other European country, the turn to religion was different from that of other nations. In Germany the people went back to church to sing their songs of victory, to follow the example of their Kaiser, who on one memorable occasion publicly thanked God for having so i “magnificently supported" one of his sons in battle. The Gernvan people ; called upon Odin rather than upon
They saluted the God of
A reliable agent in your home district during fall and winter months to sell fruit trees, ornamental trees, flowerIng throbs, l », etc. Good pay v kly.
Exclusive territory.
We have over 600 acres
of the finest varieties of fruit ami orna mental tries, including new varieties of apples which we control. Reliable trees only sold. Established 35 years. Write to
PELHAM NURSERY CO. Toronto.
while 39
Local and District.
Flu- JOTtli Battalion, about
Uutlit free
A large number l'limi here attended the Winter Fair and Motor Show at Ottawa during the pn*t week.
The Equity congratulates Mr. iiolav.d Millar, advocate, of t amp-bells Bay, on bis a|>i>ointment to the position of District Magistrate, which became vacant some months ago by the death of Mr. Bourbeau
Mr. Millar's appointment, no doubt, will be received with general satisfaction.
Jack Munro, the pugilist, who went over seas in 1915 with the Princess Pats, returned to Canada a short time ago with his right arm fractured, bringing with him the Pats' mascot dog.
Burns,'* which was gassed a few year- ago was mayor of Elk Lake.
Of lbeee, 9C1 wounds, shell 122 were J
Scrgt. Married Four Women. |%,%	'
were Buffering from other diseases
and disabilities.
es hi II vt of Sergt.
Three bigamous maniac: days i- the alleged revoit! «
J. C. Mann, 249th Battalion, who ! is now being held by the Ottawa j police on a charge of bigamy. He was arrested at Pembroke on Sat- rhv Hears! Papers Cease to Cirt u unlay where he warn sojourning with hi* most recent wife, an Ottawa girl, whom lie married n month ago. He lia - four wives.
Rainville
HAY WANTED
\ YELLOW PERIL BANNED
late in the Dominion
Many Canadians have felt in re rent years that in a country which , Christ
.	„ .	(wished to keep the miidr, of the peo- War.
Bobby	'{ ls evident that Mann has a pje	was a pity to allow	the	J It was	in a different spirit	that
Munro	Wl?,1ni heart, for although lie i- circulation	of a certain type of	Am-	the other	countries returned	to	their
said to have tour w ives he had not ?rjoan yellow journal. However, no- ! altars. With them all other help had deserted any ot them but paid ¦ thing was	done to prevent the	ini-	failed, as	it seemed
them visits at regular intervals, 'portation of the contaminating	pa-	upon God	because humas	succor
The Committee of Education of	Tim police say he became possessed	pors aF our p00ple do	not like to take	seined vain, and Mr. Berry says that
Jriustown mid St. Lambert Inis	ot the mania to marry five year-	step8 that look ]ike	restricting the	those countries which have borne the
gently been considering among	Ago m Montreal, when lie met Die	uberty of the press.	Even after the	brunt of war have been more devout
dii.T UUtwP - the excessive cost of	Rirl who became wife No. 1.	war began American	yellow journals	iu their supplications than the others
iii Tj'is province, Later. Maim his been sen ten- that Systematically attacked and mis- which have been less directly affect-¦ ¦¦	ed to two year* itnnrisouiucut, represented the Empire to which tho ed, France lias turned lack to t.«e
— j	---- •---------- ----- -------1 •»» Munch, and three years ago there
used to be international walls over the failure of France to pay atten-
This movement in France has been helped by the noble xample set by the French priests.
I am prepared to buy any quan-
tity of good, well-saved Pressed Hay, delivered at Shawville, or other convenient points on rail-
Highest market price paid.
They called

school books
"N't hâs bevn a "lôvaïU'C of Ion* standing- that the educational
authorities luivy systematically
Ignored. The deli bruit loi is rc*l«*l ed in the adoption of the following resolution
“Resolved That, the Protestant Committee of Education be strongly urged not to make any my radical revision ot the School text son Jan books for at least eight years : and mi: that at least one year's notice be
given of any revision.
If the idea of forming an association of School boards was carried out, as suggested, this grievance, with several others, could be dealt with more efIYetivilv, «lmibtl- ¦•-. luslnese.
United
represented the Empire to which the Dominion belongs were allowed the privileges ot our mails, though some of them went so far as to use mourning borders after the death of Sir lion to religion
Roger Casement. The Hears! papers L'-........- ho° K~>*
did not see anything worthy of	.	.
death in the act of a traitor who had thousands of whom have already
caused the death of fellow l bmen given their lives in battle.
_LI rrr3 church has become again a living Rut when thing for the French people. To mil
lions of them it has seemed that their escape from destruction could hardly placed have been wrought by purely nature*
Even the British have the
ed
way

i
i
G. A. HOWARD.
Card of Thanks
1 w isk to otter my sincere and heartfelt thanks to friend* and neighbor* for their kindiics

help and xymuntny m id N reavi m *nt, the death of my filbert, who died January 15,
Their
in Germany because they would not
loin the Teuton armies. -----
these papers began to garble British official despatches they wett too far, ; and the ban has now been 'upon the circulation of all the Hears!
For the
SPECIAL OFFER !
Mu*. Elizabth Hklmi
means
imperishable legend of the Angel at
i papers in the Dominion
Ton nmet let your phlegm fobdod ‘ 0f the newspaper standards of |Mone
four choler If you would not spoil your
Berry has been to the front
Mi
mada, it is to be hoped that the ban	-	_	. .	... M
will be continued even after the end and has talked with many soldiers of the conflict.	1 He rays that upon the surface there
The explanation given by the Gov- ; is little indication of a religious re-ernment of their action is as follows:	vivnl among the fighting men 1 hey
•The Hod T. Chase Casgraln, will not talk about whaf they feel Postmaster General of Canada, has | most, and we have much testimony warrant under the authority to the fact that the average Bntish nf an order-ln-Council. No. 94. as- soldier who dies singing dies with a seuted to on the 6th day of Novem- ! music hall refrain rather than a her 1914. under and in virtue of the hymn upon his lips. But unde, the iv irions of section 6 of the War ! surface the writer .believes that the asm ns Act, 1914. whereby the w ar is refining the chaarcter of the low.ng newspapers known as the | men who ar- an«*« pting its most a,at papers), have been refused | dreadful chances. Those who have privilege of the mails in Canada not made up their mind* as to the d are prohibited from circulation future have at least come to this dein Canada in any way—New York termination, that the old ways must American. New York Sunday Amer!- ! never again followed, and they ran, No» York Journal. Boiton Am- will eeek. those of them who return
erican. Boston Sunday American, for a new uf [ife.	C*
Chicago Examiner, Chicago Sunday that new order they will demand Kx a miner, Chicago American, San that there shall be a P'^e r„r the Kran<isco Kxamin-r, San Franeiaco Individual within O* lellowataip of Sunday examiner. Lob Angeles Ei- society, and for the rights of eren the amloer. Los Angeles Sunday Exam- weaker nations among the comity Iner, Los Angeles Herald, Atlanta I of the peogles.
Georgian, Atlanta American.
' Owing to the garbling of telegrams, the British authorities decided to cut off all facilities for the transmission of news to the International News Service and all Hearst papers, and upon examination ' of these papers here similar action is being taken In Canada. It is considered desirable that all relatione with Hearst should cease, owing to the danger of bis paper* causing Ill-feeling between the United States and Canada.
' Under the terms of the order-in-
During the remainder of January we are offering the following reductions on Clothing :
lO p. c. off all Men’s and Boys’ Blue and Black Serge Suits.
20 p. c. off all
Boys" Tweed Overcoats.
Some early and get the best selection.
than by any other mean MÊÊË ¦ action seem* to be what i* needed
Public opinion, though often formed ipon a wrong basis, yet generally haa i strong underlying sense of Justice.— ibrnbom Lincoln.
Presentation
ssued a
Quite a hu ge number gnthcied it the home of Mr. and Mr*. Dawson Armstrong, Friday evening,
Jan y 5th, oil the occasion ot presenting Mr. and Mr*. Armstrong with n music cabinet. It was presented by the Misses Mary Lewi*
and Annie Carey, the address	Hint That Failed,
being rwd by Miss Bets..y Sly, a- vwtor (waiUng „n Invitation to
follow* ;	|uncb)-Two o'clock! 1 fear l*m keep*
Dear Mr. and Mr*. Armstrong :	JQU from your dinner. Hostess—
As the all important era in your live* No ^ % fear we are keeping you fro*
ha* flown poMt some time ago. we, the ,^ra.-Meggendorfer Blaetter. member* of the t’lareixIon Mutual Lit ary Society, feel we cannot let you glide Bohemians Want Freedom.
awav from u* to your new residence| The Bohemians of Winnipeg held
tous in all unr enter;,nses	Worthy ng (bt ^hemlan National Alliance
mention sbonla lie made of Mrs. Arm- ^ America, told a large audience of string’s effort* to further our caijm» at ûla countrymen that the place for <vll times, a* a willing worker mean* very eligible Bohemian on this con-much to the sustenance of any society, tment is in the Canadian army." However, we are thankful you are both , "We want the world to know that in reach of u* yet and hope to see yon we are in a state of actual révolu-
we now conclude i.y »ub*rrtl>ing our- àQy ^ ,B Europ* until freedom is selves mendier* et M L Society.	us.M
He said further that the Bohemian
Had Gone the Rounds.
He - So you refuse to accept my ing? Editor’s Daughter-! do, sir; ts known circulation Is against It— Boston Transcript
pr
!
H

and
and
Men’s
Suits
Oldest Picture
The oldest known English picture
one r
f Chaucer, painted on panel esr 1380.
D t
!
Lsw>em Enlist In Navy.
True patriotism warn exemplified in Ontario by the enlistment of two men In the Royal Canadian
The men |
Stanley M. Scott and O. Jack They are both promising ,-oung lawyers. The former Is a son ,f Judge Sectt of Perth, and be left Council above quoted, no person in ltg |aw practice In Lindsay, where he Canada shall be permitted on and aaB practising as a member of tie Her Saturday, the lltb day of No jrrn ot ptewart and Scott. Mr. Jack-v mber, 1916, to be In possession of |on waF practising law In Parry such newspapers or of any Issues ^ung, Mr. Scott had qualified as an thereof already published or here-	,g|cnr in the A.8.C., but as be failed
after published, and further, any	0 obta|D a commission, be was wlll-
on of any such Bg to	as a common seaman,
newspapers shall he liable to a fins (l |a seldom that an esample of true 'rom a rose	the	line.	The	alllanoe	not exceeding five thousand dollars	>raVery and patrlotlem come# to
h motion	to	help	the	recruit-	or imprisonment for any term not	ighte and this show# what the edu-
Boberoians by all legal exceeding five years, qr to both fine ^ted young men of our country are _____	and imprisonment ‘	join g for their country.
i


Volunteer Naval Reserve

were
Oi
æiilSEiSEi
ible to Attend the meeting- i
often a* |*>*#ib!e.
“	| it of the evening v%a
mihic and Hinging nn«l
until .
s
ARCHIE DOVER
>#t
Tl.
»|N*nt in
playing mil kinds of game* the “free, small hours. —<	>’
ong

r ' a f.
?





