###PAGE###1###

O
No. 40,34th Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, (jUE., THURSDAY, MARCH 2tt, 1017
SI.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
Tlje Merchants Banlt of Caqada
THE HARDWARE STORE |
ESTABLISHED 1874.
Head Office• Ottawa, Canada.
Capital Paid lrp Kent and Undivided Pixiflts Total Assets over -
Established 1864
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir II. Montagu Allan. VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. X. W. Blackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. K. F. Hkbukn. GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D.C.Macarow.
$ 1,000,000 1,808,170 55,000,000
EVERYONE PAINTS
Board of Directors s
During House Cleaning Time there is always more or less Painting to do-The question is what Paint to use.
Paid up Capital....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 18,
.	$7,000,000
.. 7,230,984 108,938,996
228 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
-GOOD TIMES AMD BAD TIMES -
HON. GHOltGK OHYSON.
Provident
SIR HENRY N. RATE. RUSSELL BLACK BURN, GEORGE BURN.
SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
D. M. FINNIB.
JOHN I). FRASER.
Vice-President
ALEXANDER McLAIlKN. DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE II. PERLEY K. 0. WHITNEY.
• e
# #
W. 1)1 THIE
Genera! Manager
Chief Inspevtoi
We unhesitatingly recommend
Good Pixies are here today. and what are you laying aside for Bad Tines which may follow and rind you wanting f Provide against this by Savinu, not Spending. One dollar (S) starts an account with us. Special attention is paid to deposits by mail w hich are acknowledged upon the day of receipt.
Fon T Cor longs Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Port auk du Fort Branch
•I, A. McLatchie, Manager.
R. Legkr, Manager.
G. M. Culwuhoun, Acting M’fr
Sherwin Williams
It costs just as much as a Good Paint aught to cost, j not a cent more. If you pay more you pay too much. If you pay less you don’t get as good a Paint.
Best Faint is always most economical to use. j
A PAINT FOR EVERY PURPOSE.
Ask for Color Cards.
Branches at Sh&wville and Quyon
w. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Manager, Shawvllle
Amateurs : Now in the time to bring in your choice negatives ami have enlargements made from them.
H. ImIson, Photo Artist.
Featured in This Issue
Manager, Quyon

Doings of the Duffs
HENRY’S
“Canada’s Best”
i
A humorous story In picture form
Millinery Opening.
Mins M. Prendergnst wishes to inform the ladies of Shaw ville and ,
vicinity that she will have lier | UJLl
line new range of Spring Millinery ready for their inspection on Fri day and Saturday of this week over J. I). Horners Meat Shop.
The Fashions

Newent l in Women'» Wear.
Farm Crop Queries.
guc*tion* unnwered by Prof. Henry <*. Hell.
Housewife’s Corner.
Tented Recipe* and Helpful Hints tor the busy Housewife.
Serial Story.	f
Your Problems.
A gueMion and Answer Department fur Women.
COWLING
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA, ONT
Our in»tructlon being individual you may start, at any time.
HEADQUARTERS
hand. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English. -Correspondence. Punctuation. Paragraphing. Transcription,
Miss Leah Prendergnst left for I°5,ce Wof¦
« 'C/fct Æ;t„s!ï\tSifsstrajsuM
How Island. Alberta.	I Students are assisted to positions.
Mr. Arthur Phillip, nevom,,»led I	SThe^the rGogv.lrne
his mother from Montreal oil hat-1 ment. Send for circular unlay on a short visit to his brother, Rev. A. T. Phillip*.
Mr. 8. A. Mat kay was in Montreal last week to see his youngest son Karl start for overseas with an artillery draft.
Mr. John H. Findlay was in town over Friday night visiting his ** illiain. ( hit., on March 11th, to father who is slowly recovering Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Angus a son. from his long, severe illness.	I	__ *______
%
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business, Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places m open competition with all business and shorthand schools in < aimdu on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Writs for catalogue and ropy of Gowl ings Advocate
W. E.Gowlix President.

ffi
for Short
e are
• 6
Personal
W. A. HODGINS
A Word to the Ladies about Millinery.—As I jmrjioso holding my annual Spring Millinery .Opening, commencing Friday and Saturday, March 30th and 31st—(over Mr. J. H. Shaw’s store)—I therefore extend to the ladies of Shaw ville and vicinity a cordial invitation to call and inspect my large and assorted display of millinery, in the very latest styles and patterns. I trust to be favored with a tair share of your esteemed patronage, assuring you that I will put forth every effort to give the best service 1 van |>os6ibly render.
Respectfully yours.
II. Ci. W. Braitiiwait Principal
I). E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and Soarks Sts
SHAWVILLB
FOR SALE—The Pontiac House Livery -Reason for selling, wish to go west. Alk Dkai'EH, Propiielor.
Births
At -11 N, Haiold St
Fort
lORI) I OR SALE—On account of going away, I oiler for sale my Ford Car, in - ?o-l running shape. llERBERl ID an.
R. R. No. J. Shawvllle
Mi*. Phelps, of Ottawa, father of Mrs. R. A. Hudgins ncoonmanied
by Mix. Phelps, visited the former | Mr. Peter Moyte, h wellknowfl I Iiih week. nun wen- mesent At tin- him! much rwuected farmer, of memorial m?i vice on Sunday morn-1 Bristol. pawed away at the Water
Street (Ottawa) hospital on Tties-
Lieut. Reid, of the 235th Hat ta-1 day morning of last week, to which Address Mas. Charles Forth, lt>.> Carl
lion, Ottawa, and Lieut. Manning, institution lu» had been taken the i,,tr AVC-« Ottawa.-
of the 210th Renfrew, and also re- day previously by Dr. Dan Smith, presenting a Forestry draft under The late Mr. Moyle’s illness—which ( apt. Kenny, arrived here last was only of a few days' duration-week on a recruiting mission, was of a nature which puzzled the Previous to this visit Lt. Manning doctors, hut it turned out to be
—ess*™”
Again Wounded-Monday’s cas- "J T II! r VJ STI! u1tihi<i<Ml 6 T,	°*
unity lists, which give an unusual .V .T!. » #l ‘	11 suc*t*eSM^,,l
number of killed, includes among P1 acute.	There passed away on March II
the wounded the name of Pte E. (£	— —	it her home at Notre Dame di
Amy, wlio^e wife resides in this The work meeting of the Shaw- Brace. Montreal, after a long ill village. Pte. Amy was slightly ville IL M. Club will he held on ness, Samh Kliznbelli, third datigh wounded several months ago.	Thursday evening of this week, at ^c,‘	^r* ^^s. T. and Mrs. Patti
a te.*»™ P» w ii. Kuiott,	j. iw«	%"
Hramshott, England, at know \ on undoubtedly have a few new T. I. Pollock. Intel incut at Mount ledges with thanks and gratitude pictures you would like framed. Call | Royal cemetery on llth itist. z
MtitiSTSSfhiShit: -X-lï't,.......................	.....
8th	good ‘“,y"	v
condition.
Deaths
V ANTED—A young Protestant girl to rts"«st with household duties, in a thoroughly modern home. Experience unnecessary, but character references essential.
Mrs L. KKLLn
mg
J. J. Turner has a sale of stock, implements, etc., at Rcbcrt lb Lothian's, near El inside, Bristol, on Wednesday, April 11th.
for Spring1 Dresses
I OR SALE—A (ruantily of good, sound Green Mountain Potatoes, suitable for Seed. $2,2.1 per so lb. hag. Harold II Hoik; ins. West view Farm. H. It. No. 2.
Your family have been pleading with you fur years. Why not have that family group made to-day Î
See our new 36 inch Silks in all the popular shades
H. ImIson, Photo Artist
1 wish to announce to the public that 1 will have ray Spring opening of Millinery, March 2% -20th and following days at Bristol Corners. ;
Miss E. II
Corners,
at $1.00 and $1.35 per yd.
WANTED—A steady, reliable man "ith good knowledge of l>ook-keeping. Apply in writing, Siiawvilj.l Motor Co,
Considering the extremely high prices of all Wool and Cotton Fabrics Silks are now the most economical Dress Materials you can buy.
'OR SALE -One frame house
, summer
kitchen, and wood-died combined on Patterson St., Campbells Bay, close to station —on easy terms. For further particulars apply to James Rooxky, Campbells Ray.
FOR SALE—Two comfortable dwelling houses, situated on King Si terms.
EgviTT.
on easy
For information apply to Thk
( ’ONCRETECULVERTS. PIPES AND
^ curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their ow n localities. II. T Mi Dowell & Son, Shaw ville Que.
Sï»£H*5
MorebmuL mid Pte. I'mil Landry. Mcvom-	1	-
of Fort Coiilonae. who were re- Another Dollar for Smoke* for.
corded an wounded. Pte Allen is the soldiers has been handed The	Memorial Service.
Club" 'S^'hold L'thTrd mouldy IwUsion being the eighth ser- \ big element of uncertainty is re
Murrell notes which while quite Experience in vegetable garden-	. To, „ . .	,	—	-----
grossly insulting tx) the parties re to cook it.	buttle line In Pranci has already	Window* Bad.
rerren to, bees use of that fact. n	Vtma q«.v,	lo.m u	mod#* in these coin inns,	and	With no commodity 1* waste *o
detection of it chould he missed in ;‘	f,l,< ,L tuo.	dollars for	which he lx longed, in a lett«	« t	jn„ egg supply and the rapidly
"afeii. iî.j IsssnSTu•
mas !n.rsstss i.r.. à,..1 vu1 rtiSM' i K'Am',r.,nc,sx8r,i jitr «e is “{Kii,ï.tTyî
flat now people who essay to fill £>!?^n?l*?od moke ,,nder try- niojt impressive and touching 0f the sun nml are subjected to a She role oi oorreapondeut#, are not n* 1 1	i*ddre**e oa- vd upon tlie paw-age temperature behind the plate glas*
above forging the name* of other	— ? — —	fï?111 , “olm * ifoepel XV : I t window of about 100degrees The
partie*, in order to screen their To Organise County Motor -reater love hath no man, etc. excessive heat resultii own identity when they want to	League	The church wn* adorned with serious deterioration through
get a crack at eoruebody over the . .i	.	, ,.	the cuftxunary deco: mtions used at evaporation accompanied by km
head of the poblUher. Thk is A meetiig will be held mt Fort inch even ta, and the hymn*, uf flavor.
both cowardly and viciou*. The ' <>u|onge, on r i nlay night •>( tlii*	prayer* and other feature# of	the	Further at thk time of the year
rented y we purpose adopting to week,	with the object	of organ iz-	service were appropriate to	the	% large (percentage of the egg* mar
oveiTome this evil k that no com» mg a MnU>i League in this county, solemn occasion.	j ki ted are fertilized, and a* It i*
pondence will be published IISCM I he co-operation ot the car-owners Tile offertory collected was for common knowledge that a teni|>er wears fully sati-fled of theaiithora |H neeilei 1 t^» promote the go**! patriotic purpose*, and wm* taken 1 ature of 70 degree* k sufficient to good faitn and identity. Tl>r rtwis *eh*Mnr m f"H county, no it by Lieut. Reid and Lieut, «tart Incubation. the possibility of waste basket/or all migpêelDSiJio|*xi everybody interest- Manning, who were here on are- serious deterioration will be read •tuff henceforward.	' «* ln lhie rawttel wlU be prewot. Igniting iniwiou.	I Uy **a.
HULL FOR SALE—We are now oiler lug for sale, our line Shorthorn Herd Hull, Heather King (91401). He Is a big thick Meshed roan, rising four years olu. liis breeding is the very best and he ha* proved himself an extra good sire. For particulars apply to E. L. Hodgixs, Elmhurst Farm. Fortage du Fort. or Wm. Hoik; in a, Shaw ville.
New Crepe Voiles
Shades Grey, Copen, Navy and Black
Taking a Mean Advantage
Real Dainty Material for Dainty Dresses.
It seems like forcing the season, but we are told that goods of x this kind will be extremely scarce later on, hence we advise your selection at once.
ng muse*
W.A. HODGINS

SEEDS will be our next ad.
###PAGE###2###
EFFICIENT SYSTEM OF THE RED CROSS
GREAT HOSPITAL I »„ JCZtTZ WORK BY BRniSH.EEH'EHF^

lieve the other. In “peace” such as prevail in the lull» between a great advance, each hospital of a pair takes patients on alternate days only, so that on every second day neither
has any new cases coming in. At first I How tlu. Great Red Croee Societ, they take their cases in alternate batches of 400, orderlies being stationed down the road to deflect the motor ambulances as they come, to
one hospital or the other. So one I There is, to the ordinary mind, but À correspondent of a London news- wou|d ciearing out its batch of 400 little romance connected with the col-paper sends the following description w|lye t^e other was receiving, and in lection and despatch of stores to the of British hospital work on the west- t^|g way neither becomes impossibly various hospitals run by the Red Crosa ern front:	congested.	Society, yet a walk through the long
When a man is wounded at the	The station’s responsibility for a corridor of their stores department, in
front it is the work of the battalion patjent enijg when he is duly deliver- the heart of Pall Mall, London, opens stretcher-bearers to get him down to ^ on the railway platform or at the up vistas alluring in the extreme, says the battalion dressing station; ant barge There the Evacuating Medical London Answers, the heroism with which the stretcher- officer steps in and sees that all are Here, from all parts of the Empire, bearers have worked has become a proper]y entrained and started for a come the gifts of large-hearted and commonplace. From the dressing sta- base, where they are distributed to grateful people for the wounded, and tion he is passed on as quickly as pus- tbeir appropriate destination, whe- it Is here that they are sorted, packed, sible, receiving only such immediate tbey ^ey go p;a%nd or are held and valued, and sent out to the places attention as the nature of his injury at ^e gase Hospital in France, as where they are most needed.	|
requires, to the field ambulance, and „ «.T B " or "p p » which letters Every article received, be it a bed-thence to the casualty clearing sta- mean that a man is fit to be returned sock or an X>ay outfit, is classified, tion, which is, in fact, a hospital of actjve service as speedily as pos- and a value placed upon it, so that ac-considerable size.	sible, or that he must remain temper- counts may be kept orderly, and the
Such hospital may have had at the arjjy uf (he base, to be examined once amount required for the complete beginning of a battle a permanent a weeg# till adjudged fit for service, or maintenance of a hospital of so many staff of about 100 persons, including, permanently tit the base, w hen he will | beds arrived at in a systematic way. besides the executive officers, six or examined only once a month, eight doctors, officers of the R. A.	With our own wounded are, of
M. ( .. as many nurses, and 80 order- courae| a number of Germans, who, it
lies. On to this staff were thrown needless to say, receive precisely fices—which are the Red Cross head during a period of 14 days, in the the 8ame treatment and the same i quarters—ladies may be seen every case of one hospital, and with some care as our own men.	day making up consignments of drugs
others it was the same, over 12,000	--------#-------- and bandages, or counting socks and
cases, which included, of course, many SCHOOL LIFE AND SCHOOLS. hospital suits, slippers, and shirts, in Germans. It is true that before the	_	order that there may be written across
14 days were up new doctors had ar- <;reater Attention Must be Paid To each and every requisition at the rived, and the number of officers at-	Making Schools Attractive.	shortest possible notice the words:
tached has now been more than doub-	“These goods have been despatched.”
led. But in the first few days of the	Impressions made upon the young An jjea q{ the urgent orders which
rush it can be guessed what the work mind are lasting. This is especially have been dealt with in two weejç8 re. was. The doctors, the nurses, the or- the case in school life. Psychologists centiy wjh b* gained if you will try derlies worked until literally they fell a|D*ee that, until about twelve years to comprehend what the following list asleep in the few seconds of waging old, hoys are entirely taken up with comprises:	1,200 stretchers, 2,600
between one case and another.	their own interests and have not begun pairs of slippers> 10 000 handkerchiefs,
The hospital nominally has 200 beds, to recognize the need of group efforts 600 X-ray outfits, 6,000 pairs pyjamas, being “capable of expansion.” It had It is, therefore in the early age that 5000 woo| helmets, 12,000 pairs heel-800 beds in use for a night, but only the child forms his individual opinion pa^ &00 operating gowns, 1,200 bed-for a night; and the day that I was of the school and teacher. In later regts> and thousands of shirts special-there it had 122. It is in tents, which bfe his interests become more as- ly constructed for helpless cases; accounts for its capacity for “expan- sociated with his school fellows and toothbrushes and tooth-powders, en-sion,” and is situated near a railway, this memoij offsets any deleterious amelled drinking mugs, shaving sticks, where there is a train of Red Cross effect which an unattractive school ^ber gloves (all of one particular
carriages constantly in waiting. And may haxe caused.	size), hairbrushes, feeding-cups, and a
the object kept always in view is to According to a recent surxey of edu- hogt of ^her things, evacuate the patients as rapidly as rational conditions in the county of possible.	Dundas, Ont., by the Commission of
1 Conservation, 98 per cent, of 400 farmers and 92 per cent, of their wives at-Only necessary operations are per- tende<j pub,ic ^ool only
formed. Roughly it may be said that these include all cases of severe abdominal injuries. Wounds in the chest
times

! I CENTRAL OFFICE IN LONDON A WONDERFUL STOREHOUSE.

DESCRIPTION OF HOSPITALS ON THE WESTERN FRONT.
Wonderful Organization at the Large
Casualty Clearing Stations.
Deals Effectively With # Vast and Complete Task.
ÆveAiJumete
i
*7he Mending
is exceptional
War Loan
New Canadian
The Safest and Best Investment
Possible to ObtaJh.
Universal Providers
In the basement of the Pall Mali of-
'T'hese securities are always sale-1 able and we are ready to purchase at any time.
YVithout charge we give best at-tentlon to all applications placed through us.
pull particulars and Subscription 1 Forms furnished on Application
XA/We, Telegraph or Telephone v us at our expense.
Fabulous Figures
And these huge numbers are by no means representative of the enormous amount of stuff sent out from London. They are simply the articles asked for by urgent telegram only, and in all cases they have been despatched the same day as they were asked for.
| Only once has the Red Cross been , caught napping, and that was when a requisition for 10,000 “comfort bags” ; —which are the small receptacles for
Smooth, Quick Work
Their edu
cation, therefore, must have been com pleted at an early age impression created by their public ! are generally kept here, dressed and 8^ool surroundings must be indelibly j put to bed, until the wound settles wrjtten upon their minds and remain down before being sent forward for tbere during life. Every consider-operation. A tew head wounds only a(j0ilf cjvjc and individual, renders it have surgical treatment, the doctrine essential, therefore, that school condi-
tio8ns°orma daVwh/n The sfTamon.the. Part the. *B.cher- In home and abroad, and over two mil-1 have but ,ittle to assist the* <h* on the order, and added a complete met | not the whole of the Red Cross’ care; wounded was at its worst and*? was ot her hands much needed tmprove-	garment, supplied.	way of recreation, ami games are sent of garden tools-rakes, hoes, spades they look after the welfare of our
an impressive thing to see the rapid- mcnt can b? made 1,1 bu,ldl“* and Here are just a few instances of the	out in thousands. Two dozen portable and forks -so that	the last resting-	prisoners also. This part of	their
itv and smoothness with which the *r°J?.l?d8* Anyexpense entailed can universal character of Red Cross	, harmoniums have been sent out in an- places of the gallant	dead should not	work originally commenced by the
ity and smoothness with which tne readily be secured, if not by direct col- Btoreg	swer to an appeal made by Army be neglected
FSIEI	mmm mWÊWM^
########
in thru shirts and trousers, as their	-4.- °. a a . .	,	. ,	___	,	...	.	. ,mp* .	.	,	_ ,
wounds mav nermit to the train or	.	.	Last Christmas a demand for 800 There are some hospital launches at Mesopotamia demanded 20,000 yards
the berge to be taken with all possible	Measuring the Vi ,nd.	Christmas-puddings and 120 turkey, work on the Tigris, and difficulty was of wire gauze-netting to keep the sand The grammar school principal went
care to the base	The speed of the wind is measured	received at midnight, and, al- found In getting fuel for their use. flies and mosquitoes from further add- from room to room explaining what to
There is a complete system of re- by means of an ingenious instrument tb<>ugh the turkeys had to be purchas- Pall Mall immediately rose to the em- mg to the misery of wounded men. As ,io in CMe of flre. The pupils listen-
cords and of labelling each case, on called the anemometer. It is like a ed and th* ****** made- order er**!,r5r/ .andae"t °»1 200 to,n1!! of Pat" 12?"*P»P" ^'ders will know, these ^ with respectful attention until h. cards fastened to the patient's cloth- weather vane, with cups instead of was completed during the following	ent fuel In blocks, thus enabling the flics arc a terrible pest out In that far	cime to hi, final insti urtions.	then
ing, which begins at the regimental letters at the ends of its arms. The «“«moon.	launches to carry on them merciful country. In order to	fill this order, it	„mi\M and giggles disturbed the	prin-
dressing station and is continued and cups, catching the wind, spin round. I Queer jumbles come .n on the requi- work at full speed.	was necessary to scour all England, eipal'm serenity.
elaborated at each stopping place on and thus turn the central shaft. This, a,t,°na' and 'l '*	* romance to Gardening Tools for Flanders. and ll "P*8*8 volumes for the efficient -Above all things,” he said, "if your
******
W. A. Mackenzie & Co
Thus the

FT
TORONTO
WINNIPEG


sup-
But

sending of Christmas parcels, but it
or
sent.
There are some hospital launches at
Last Christmas a demand for 800
Good Advice

are j well
f
A-8k-Voui?E BOTH WRoNO - IT'S JUST
--V, TEN O’CLOCK •
IN fNE MORfllHG!
goodness - its five Mwures
AFTER. SCVBAl- we WILL HAVE ToHURRN AND GET PRESSED IF We’Re Coins 1-----^-yro TM€ TWeATEft
WAT The. Um hill —
|A that a Sun-Dial
Helen SovRe wrong-
it's onci «ix forty -
Five - look for. r~~~ —\ yovrself i
H.
f

V 9
\
.i
0 W
/'V


(Z
'4

(il
7
<#
I
1

k


si

t
%
i
T<*
I
I
i

t

i
###PAGE###3###

arm, (Pop Queries -
your
roDJem

¦*
I
re



** Conducted 6y Mm Jdd&n Jour r
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell.
crops.
Mothers and daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to write to this department Initials only will be published with each question and its
and address must be Answers will be


answer as a means of Identification, but full given In each letter
name
Write on one side of paper only mailed direct if stamped and addressed envelope ie enclosed
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law, 75 Castle Frank Read, Toronto.
h
L

m
all subjects pertaining to aolle and
on
r
mums
>
Xtii

âlW:
4ue
E. F. A
IP HIHHl Vegetables are more 4. The tendency ie towards simplicity wholesome and better flavored when in house furnishings now; as few steamed than they are when boiled or draperies, cushions and ornaments as fried. Besides, there is much less I possible, and all articles are intended
- I have . The land has had very little manure I	il. M.llOfe-\	waste than in boiling, as much of the for use and not merely for show. It
meadow seeded down last spring, but, in the last five years. Plowing for	nig' tnBjjPTlfKn	nutr^on of the vegetables ie certainly lessens the housewife » task
seeie 15SPF en*»*
S2SL?*Sr*£. ZSZ£<"V“*- , . . , ,J „ TK-I, Ç.».,...	B„h, SHALL THE» STARVE I £ SlVÆ
timothy seed in the eprmg and at th! Anawer^-In my opinion it would be, Here are two little Belgian refugeea | in the picture, healthy and happy en- gar to p!ajlter of pari, to make a mix- find valuable.
«amo time top-dressing tho .Je.lln» to »e«l your barley and oats with two of thousand, upon thousands ou*h, are in England, at Stretham. So tUre like thick putty, fill the crack, W. W.:—1. The new collars are
——
mm#
i~-'- | are always most restful. I would not will give you a succession of bloom
ferent units in the French army to advise papering any room in red as it from May to October. Flowering
The French Division of Archives at furnish something like 25 million writ- »* considered by physicians to be very vines, such as Clematis, Wistaria,
the front has gathered more than ten documents since the beginning of trying on the nerves. 3. Yes, Not- Dutchman’s Pipe, Trumpet Flower,
7 ooO biir ruses of documents for the the war. A single division of cavalry tingham curtains are satisfactory, and Climbing Roses, are easily cared 7,000 Mg cases of documents for me ^	^ ^ 368 000 reports especially if you possess curtain for. It is best to buy large three-
stretchers. They do not Iron well, year-old plants.

Bell.
Henry
Question—W. K
The water should family health.
2. If H. D. :—1. The trenches on the
acre
the others, thus affording abundant exercise for all.
The egg-laying season among geese practically begins In March, although
Chronic swellings, puffs, etc., which ^equently eggs will be dropped in are usually a sequel to some acute January and tebruary—much depend-disease or injury, have their beginning ,ng .upon the age of the geese and the in enlargement, either hard or soft, condition of the weather.
An abdominal pouch of great sue
History of the War
without pain or heat.
drams each of iodine end iodide of nure	f°r fruit, plant some the future historian will have to do
pvtassulm and 4 oz. each of alcohol pIum trees in the yard .where	hens	will be to name	the subject or	the
Trees that	bore very	few	part of the line	where occurred	the	Inadequate ventilation	and inatten-
p’.ums, and none that	were sound,	have	operations he is	studying to get a]	lion to the accumulation	of gas-form-
been made to beat	bushels of	fruit,	complote record.	Besides these	ar-!	ing rubbish was responsible for a
just by letting hens run around them at will.
two
ROMANCES OF SOME BACHELORS
vixenish beauty once referred to him as that “baboon.”
David Hume made one, and only one, offer of marriage, and resigned himself to a life of bachelordom when it was rejected
found happiness in Susanna Curchod, RECALLING THE LOVE AFFAIRS a lovely and gifted Swiss girl, if his
autocratic father had not frowned on the match.
And Buckle might have been a Benedick, had he thought wedded life possible on a paltry £3,000 a year.
Newton’s Fatal Slip.
the front
run
and glycerine.
Begin fitting the work horses for the heavy spring tasks before the work begins.
After a winter of comparative idleness it ie unwise and unprofitable to put a team in heavy work without preparation.
Now that heavy plowing ie about to start, remember that prevention ie the best cure for eore shoulders in horses.
If it doesn't do the horse any good to have you say a kind word to him

Gibbon would have

chives to the military operations, red large percentage of the destruction of tape methods have required the dif- farm properties by fire.
OF FAMOUS MEN
QMkirrft potato seed selection
uLSTt	AND DISEASE CONTROL r,tLÎL™‘'”1
pounds after she freshens.	_______	Affair.	Charles Lamb resolutely turned his
Water basins, with a supply of wa-	back on wedlock, even when he knew
U9I>!°U.	, !ef a^ays be ore the ows, means less The Fourth of a Series of Five Special Articles by Henry G. Bell, Probably no man of fame has gone that Anna Simmons’ heart and hand
I lenty of sunlight and abundance of labor in milking and a greater quant-	to à bachelor grave without one or were his for the asking, because his
fresh air are two prime requisites in ity of milk in the pail.	Agronomist.	more narrow escapes from Cupid’s sister Mary required his undivided
a'\ a > mg proposition.	a ration composed largely	________ darts, however indifferently he may care; and Horace Walpole’s affection
The horse s feet should he washed of^ silage produced 1 < per cent, more	have professed to regard love.	was distributed among so many fair
occasionally « ,th soap and water. milk and 28 per cent, more butter fat To the British nation potatoes con- , these for next spring’s seed. Plant Pitt a!waV8 vowed that he had turn women, from my Lady Ossory to the Bone spavin can often be traced to than those given a ration consisting sUtuto one of the great articles of only the best potatoes from these.	ed hig backy on the altar b	h charming and talented Berry sisters,
working the colt at too tender an age, mainly of K*»*n.	diet. History records the disaster of Individual tuber selection Is the was “wedded to his country” ‘Yet that he could never make up his mind
SffvSswrts.1««srsrrwvsasars isr.riis“t-tstsu.........
or e pro( m ion <» a , )one and cows may not sl#i and bnng on trou- y1nce norroally planted to potatoes, from one potato in a hill, or plant the Theodor* Hook th	h \ua «, have ended his days in a pauper lun-
¦SSB*B*Si
îhZVcUai lt .he wa, Mttin, hunra l»mb, put her In « narrow stall, .pe- 0n, of the reason, that the** other mixed .took produced 250 bus. per' "She <iW in the be.uty of her	.	,
•he iet« ». If »h. wn« getun» hun*n^, c|.lly prepared, until she became* re- „ of lhe world ,re exceeding Can	acre	youth. ’ he wrote, “and in my memory	It appear, that smoker, are threw-
ÎÎ- hLn 2nd	conciled. With gentieneaa, a ewe will udlln yle,dg ,g thlt they are .electing	j The	method, of eeed Improvement	"he will ever be young and beautiful."	ing away annually about 8,000 ton. of
^Srs£c;“	~=.,m a,-ssj sir - : rsz? srurus z M sgrsrsr s srs rstsvriri
2;d. "?* .-?* su — K & f WrT'lx	% “«r : rs	sx
P*. vi^inifw nf tk« enW*. nuertere Are the droppings hard and like bul- fln|t gy fleld selection I mean	vtnee.	Prof. Zavitz reports that as an	Miss Fanny Brawne’s beauty he was	considerable and, as a matter of fact,
Ô, fnr __ __?_:b,_	h__ m rhmn * lets A lltlc mo[<‘ ,a*at*ie f,><xi ttn'| simply watching the growing crop to	average of 40 tests with two leading	undone, and every later meeting	the mineral matter of the tobacco
t h. m.iat**0*	not	timothy Klf will	gee tbat	j( |s	a	pure	variety.	First	varieties be	finds Davies Warrior to	plunged him deeper in her toils. When	leaf frequently amounts to am much
* flll*a v,rv imnortnnt nier» in c°rrect.th,s*	•t#t*	start	by	planting	a pure variety and	yield 131 95	bus. per mere tnd Elira	his broken health compelled h,m to	#* « fifth part cf	its weight. Thus
tha *pi i imif world and willPdmiht-	wheat bran, with frequent tbeQ gave seed from all the plants Early Eureka 126.59 bus. per acre. leave England, the yain of parting a ton of tobacco leaf would yield four
leas Ion* continue to do so the more r<t^n"t <,f	le,*’_ having the same colored flowers and I Before planting the selected seed, from her was “beyond everything hor- hundredweights of ash, which repre
___- h	aucceed in hnIuc . The I.-m do sheep is getting a grrit ^	characteristic spread of pc- It should be dipped In a mixture uf one rible," and in his last hours he cried sent valuable mineral constituents
kii^m	n°^L ^KrCkyiUto Vines Dig the pure stock first , p<^nd formalin and gals water for in hi. agony.	withdrawn from the soil which have to
*	Mbl flirniB	w0° means high*r.price«J < <»th ng. cun out the small inferior pots ÎV minutes. This treatment will kill “I cannot bear to die, and leave her! be replaced by abundant manuring.
*	*	Discard	these	and do not plant 1 scab spores or seeds which may bog!- Oh, God! God! God! In ything I It has been calculated that a ton
You don’t ! to died to the seed tuber After this have that reminds me of her goes of tobacco withdraws more than a
treatment If	the selected stock Is	through me like a spear!” How un-	hundredweight of	mineral conatitu-
planted on	ground where potatoes	worthy she was of such a passionate	®nts per acre of	land. This would
have not been grown for some time. It devotion was proved when, a few years appear to be an astounding waste of Is likely no scab will appear oi the after Keats’ death, she wrote to a material, which must be of enormous product.	friend, “The kindest act would be to value to the soil, considering that 76
Special seed stock should always bo let him rest for ever in the obscurity per cent, consists of calcium and po-grown on good, veil prepared ground, to which circumstances have condemn- tassium salts and 16 per cent, of mag-and should receive careful attention ed him.*	nesium and sodium salts, including
the crop Is developing.	Even Alexander Pope, with all his nearly 6 per cent, of th
cii can be done to protect the grotesque deformity, was as ruiner- stituent to all plants—phosphori eg crop from blight and other I shle as any amorous Adonis of his day. On the fare of it there would
tdeef of disease j He lost his heart a dozen times to as to be a fortune in store fo
r women—from Martha Blount, vidual who c« boyhood’s sweetheart, to Lady m Mary W ortie y Montague, until that ash.—Washington Star

Once, at least,
O/fojpjO
I dis-
*
ASHES AS AN ASSET
r seven
teenth year
Mineral Constituents of Tobacco Valuable to the Soil.	•
Two Great Fassions
i
sume
The ash left on burning tobacco is
toes
them for seed potatoes save the calves of the small, weakly betters In order to build up your herd Don’t plant small Inferior stock snd expect to get good, strong, heavy yielding crops
Plant selection is the second step In potato Improvement. While the crop
of pure variety potatoes Is growing,PE
through the field and mark off i wht the strongest beet plants by putting
a stick la beetde the growing kill, g
Efl^HETriplet'
Wine, women and song.
Battle, murder and sudden death Bell, book and candle.
Headin', ritin and ’rithmetic.
He, she and
Bailey. Banks, and Biddle.
Faith, hope and charity.
W^rnken, Blynken and Nod.
Hop, skip and jump.
Time, place and the girl.
Bread and cl
Fa
The lien that gets cold feet through exposure these raw days is apt to give her master cold feet when it comes t> marketing her cggs«P^HH|HH in till the ground Is
When you turn chickens out for a run during mild days, throw meat scraps, which are too large for them to swallow, within their reach
Keep the hens
ntial con

1*

and ki

i devise a successful
7»

t

Have for seed control mi the largest : Ing article
who refers to her hu
opera which have
The

ne for the collection of tobacco
my old man isn't showing ° y *%oee II
number of well formed tubers Keep
that are lucky (Î) enough
The one to w


Band as
HENRY G. BEM
re a morsel will be chased by t him proper respect.
###PAGE###4###
Horses for Sale
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
TAILORING
One span dark Browns-maiv and horse —good general use learn : weight about 20W> lbs. Also mare volt coming ;t years old : good, stout plug.
\nson MVRPHX .
Shaw ville li. li. No. '2
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 29, 1917.
M i> report oil that the Liberals of this •vince are organizing for a 1 >0111 inion vt ion tluring the early deli is an indication that their intei
the Government to y v before the war i> over.
Order Early
Manufacturer of and Dealer in

snmmei
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Is a Good Motto.
We have a good line of Different Patterns for you
to choose from.
:
rvt
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
The «>îe head of u family, or an; over Is xears old, max Inunesl quarter section o| available lh»i land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan bvvtu. Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lind* Agency or Sub Agency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not Sub-Agency), on cvr tain conditions.
Duties Six months residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of .	thrtx y eat s. A homeatcadei max live
uiything significant in tin* within nine miles of hi.s homestead
farm of at least so acres on certain conditions, A habitable house is required except where residence is informed in the vicinity.
Live stock may Ik* substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
Incertain districts a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead. Price 83.00 per acre.
Duties Six months residence in each, of three years after earning homestead patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent max U- obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who ha>exhausted hi>homestead right may take a purchased home stead in certain districts. Price 83.00 per acre.
Duties—Must reside six months each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth *300.
w. xy. coin.
1 H'puty of the Minister of the Interior. N. It. Lnauthorized publication of this advertisement xx*il not l»e paid for j
Government has di
The D
tied t<» expropriate the 11oss 1 title t tory at Quelle*, and, as soon as the essary changes in the plant can be r de will commence the manufacture of
1
The latest colors in
Dark, Gray and Navy Blue Serges,
Which will keep their color. Prices right
Custom Sawing1.
• #
\
inmrovcd Loe-Endfiohl ride, which
11 iii, is recognized as mv other in use in the
AVIS PUBLIC.
Aux Habitants du Comte de Pontiac.
a service perior t
P»
Avis Public est par le présent donné par le soussigné, II. T. llurdman, Secrétaire-Trésorier du Conseil Municipal du Comté de Pontiac, «pie le dit conseil a sa session trimestrielle et régulière tenue le quatorzième jour de Mars, mil neuf cent dix sept, a passe son règlement No. 55 comme suivant.
Donne au village de Bryson ce quinzième jour de Mars, mil neuf cent dix-sept.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
1h thei
t that lia* Conservatives, though de
ii a
ted in New. Brunswick, have a ' -jointy of the English-speaking re-i*-entames in the Legislature ! A ' id representation ot eleven members h >m the Acadian constituencies gives
’i LiUnals their majority of six in the
AVIS PUBLIC.
Aux Habitants du Comte de Pontiac :
Avis Public est par le présent donné par le soussigné, II. T. Hurdman, Secétairo-Trésorier du Conseil Municipal du Comté de Pontiac, que le dit conseil a sa session trimestrielle et régulière tenue le quatorzième jour de Mars, mil neuf cent dix-sept, a passe son règlement No. 56 comme suivant.
Donne au village de Bryson ce quinzième jour de Mars, mil neuf cent dix-sept.
H. T. HURDMAN.
Sec.-Tiés. Co. Pontiac
1 -Vil
All the Lucien Cannon* are not con-1 n .1 to the lui •vrai party in Quebec, t f >wn in the Acadian counties of New '.nmswick in the recent election Liberal -, ikers told the people that the late M uray Government’s land settlement licy for returned soldiers was a scheme ^ oust the French in favor of English
Xml this base appeal had
Reglement No. 55.
Province of Québec,
Munn ipalitv de comté de Pontiac
A une session trimestrielle, generale, et régulière du conseil municipal du comté de l\>nti tu, tenue an village de Campbell* Bay. le*qtmtor/.iême jour de Mars, mil neuf cent dix eept, a la-(inêlle se--ion sont présents le Préfet, Paul McNally, Ker., maire du village de VamphelL Bay, et les conseillera suivants : Michael 1 >utm, Ker., maire du canton de Chichester : \V. R. Mclkmald, Ker., maire du village de Chapeau ; Win. La belle, Ker., maire de* cantons unis de Waltham et Bryson : Charles Relue, jr.. Ker., maire des cantons unis de Mansfield et Pontefract ; James Ward,
Ker., raaîre du village de Fort Von Ion g<
maire du canton de Veitch field : ( . McNally, Ker., maire du canton de l ile du Grand C alumet : IL A. Saint Pierre, nro-nmire du village de Rryson : Geoige Dagg, Ker.. maire du village de Portage du Fort ; Joseph Gilpin, Ker.. maire des cantons unis de Leslie, Claplmm et Rudders field ; Wm. McCleary. Ker., maire du canton de Thorne : F. W. Thomas, Ker., limite du canton de Clarendon : John G. Klliott. Ker., pro-maii v du village de S lia w ville; Duncan Campbell. Ker., maire du canton de Btistol : W in. Burden, Ker., maire du canton d’Oivduw-stid ; F. A Davis, Ker., maire du village de Qnyon ; Patrick O’ReilIcy, Ker., maire du canton d‘i htslnw-nord, formant (pioruin du conseil sous la |>t< -i-dene© du Ih i« t :
Il ©:»t ordonne et statue par règlement de ce conseil conime
II. T. HURDMAN,
Sec.-Trés. Co. Pontiac.

testants intended effect
I
Hie amazing swiftness and success of V recent revolution in Russia, seems have an awakening influence on the 1 *• _ repressed passions and ambitions - t numerous malcontents in ( Germany, which may ere long result in the dv; a. lion of Kaiserism and much of the . 1 that it stands for. The example of 1 v an emancipated Russia was brought •lit. no doubt affords a strong ineen-; • to re j vat the trick in a country k .so needs for a change equally radi- have long been appuient.
Reglement No. 56.
Thomas Sloan, Kei
Province de Québec,
Municipalité du comté de Pontiac.
A une session trimcstriMle, générale, et régulière du conseil municipal du comté de Pontiac, tenue nu village de Campbells Bay le quatorzième jour de Mars, mil neuf cent dix-sept, a la-mielle-esshui-ont présents le Préfet, Paul McNally, Ker., maire (lu village de Campbells Bay, et les conseille: nul l)mm. Ker., maire du canton de Vldchester ; NV. R. M(Donald, Ker., maire du village de Chapeau : Wm La belle, Ker., maire des cantons uni- de Walt 1mm et Bryson ; Charles Belec, jr., Ker., maire des cantons unis «b* Mansfield Ker., maire du village de Fort Cou loupe
maire du canton de Leitchflcld : G. McNally, Ker.. maire du can ton de Vile du Grand Valu met ; 11. A. Saint Pierre, Kei
members in a few well chosen word-.
Munir and game- helped to pa— a pleasmt evening for all. Refreshments were staved la the ladies, after which God Save the King was -mu. and the gathering then dispersed.
THE Al>l*KEss.
Mich
s suivante
et Pontefract ; James Ward,
Thomas Sloan, Ker.,
well
<fc With a feeling of gratitml a- a sense of duty, we, the inetnliers and adherents <»t Vaniplvll- Ray Presbyterian Church, eagerly grasp thi- opportunity of voicing the thanks of the whole congregation to one who has for year* unselfishly and without material reward devoted w> much of her time to the lvttermcnt of the choir service. Our member- are few and our resources
innot let this
-ml
. pro main)
-In village de Bryson ; George Dagg, Ker., maire du village Portage du C u t ; Joseph Gilpin, Ker., maire des cantons unis de Leslie. Clanliam et Huddersfield ; Win McCleary, Ker., maire de canton de 1 ho* ne : F. W. Thomas, Ker., maire du canton de Clarendon : John G. Klliott, Ker., pro-nmire du village de Shawville ; DiineaulCnmpbell, Ker., maire (lu canton de Bristol / Wm Burden, Ker., maire du canton d'Onslow-snd ; F. A. Davis. Ecr., maire du village de Qnyon ; et Patrick O'Keilley, Ker., maire du canton d On slow-nord, formant quorum du conseil fous pré !-dence ilu Pn fel :
" Vn règlement pour îvseimler le règlement No. .VJ de ce con cil, pa--e le neuvième jour de Décembre, 19là, intitule * Vit reg le me lit îHMir prohibiter la vente des liqueurs enivrantes, et lemi-sion de licenses en consequence, dans les limites de la municipalité de comté de Pontiac V" et au—i de rescinder la resolution ni-se par ce conseil cette môme date ordonnant le dit réglement No. 52 a etre soumis aux électeurs municipaux de ce comté pour leur approbation.
Le règlement No. 52 de ce conseil, passe le neuvième jour de Décembre, mil neuf cent quinze, intitule “ Vu règlement pour prohibiter la vente des liqueurs enivrantes, et Remission de licenses en consequence, dans les limites de la municipalité du comté de Pontiac,” est parce présent rescinder, ainsi que la résolution de ce conseil passe a cette même date, ordonnant le dit règlement N.o 52 a etre soumis aux électeurs municipaux de ce comté pour leur appi ohatlon.
(Signé) 11. T. Hcrp.mAN,
Secréta i re-T résoriei
I lie war new» from Mesop«tamia rens it- encouraging tone, while the at events that are transpiring in a them France, are daily becoming
ly interesting and signifi- are ' large, yet w<
Sear St. Quentin n great battle	1*“ vi?!' " offering a »mal!
ivjmrted to l>e raging, the ivrinans t|mt pie	m wliieh the offering i-
ering a des pi rate resistance to the given, will more than offset the small adily forward movement of the financial value of the token, ueh army, which i- gradually getting X our faithfulness to duty ba- set an
" :l pitioM tl> 'fun' » hulv ,]hrol,gh I ailtiV'uHv !î“Uli!l',é’U‘lnX câlin"','
• “Ilmdeiiburg line, regarded some | nation of after years you will l»e ablt iv agi Y as invulnerable
Il c-t ordonné et statue pnr règlement de ce conseil comme suit : 14 I ii l'gleinent prohibitant lit vente des liqueurs enivrantes, et Remission de licenses en consequence, dans les limites de la municipalité du comté de Pontiac," a su Voir :
La vente des liqueurs enivrantes, et Remission des licenses en consequence et pour cet objet, sont par le présent règlement prohibées dans la Municipalité du cointé de Pontiac, en vertu et en exécution do la section quinzième, du chapitre cinquième, du titre quatrième, des Statue Refondus de Quebec, 1900.
(Signé) If. T FIvrpman, (Signe) Pavl McNally,
Secrétaire-Trésorier.__	Préfet
(Signé) Pavl McNally,
Préfet
say, ‘ I have dune my duty, in the m a-ner exemplified hy thv Master when he I said 4 Insomm h a* ye have done it unto The Piuted States Congres* has Won ti,v \^i of these, ye have dune it unto
iunioned to meet in special session on Me.*
In his last	-------
A ride copii
PUBLIC NOTICE
To the Inhabitants of the County of Pontiac ;
Public Notice is hereby given by the undersigned, H. T. Hurdman, Secretary-Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac, that the said council at its regular, quarterly session, held on the fourteenth day of March, nineteen hundred and seventeen, passed its By-Law No. f>5, as follows below.
Given at the village of Bryson this fifteenth day of March, one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.
H. T. HURDMAN,
Sec.-Treas. Co. Pontiac.
Vraie copie
Monday next April 2nd
to that body President Wilson ,t(mated that this course would Ik*
N O T ES
Mr. Hyman Holstein, who for the past two weeks has ljeen very ill, i- non on the way to recovery.
Mr. John Stevenson visited his
hardly b n> doubt as to tlie out-1 at Waltham on Friday last.
Mr. Earl Cotie, <«f Stark- t has taken a position as Iwirber with Mr. ,	.	,	_ . , Doyle.
ir now practically exists between their Miss Amin visited her i«aient
untry and Germany. The onslaught ] Quyon on Saturday last.
Hamid stc\	¦ 'ii Tu
morning for the West
PUBLIC NOTICE.
ken, it In- considered the situation
There
< fhciently grave to warrant it
To the Inhabitants of the County of Pontiac :
Public Notice is hereby given by the undersigned, II. T. Hurdman, Secretary-Treasurer of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac, that the said council at its regular, quarterly session, held on the fourteenth of March, nineteen hundred and seventeen, passed its By-Law No. ôO as follows below.
Given at the village of Bryson this fifteenth day of March, one thousand nine hundred and seventeen.
II. T. HURDMAN,
Sec.-Treas. Co. Pontiac.
The view is freely expressed l«y llierons LQ S. citizens that a state of
me
* in
Hun submarines against U. S. trading .essela without warning, and the loss of Xmmican lives involved in their do
Khaki
ruction, puts the matter fairly and uarely l«efore the people s représenta Their action will lie watched
HILLCREST
By-Law No. 55.
March 19.—A number of the young fieople around here were invited to spend the evening, Monday, March 12, with Mr. Holly Corrigan, Wore he left fur 8au It Ste Marie.
S. E. and Mrs. Hodgins spent Tues-niastvr f. teral a short time ago,|tla\ it the home of Mr. W. Hodgins.
is tendered his resignation as such for
he purpose of joining the overseas
•revs, his ambition l#eing to raise a. wen,
vnchCanadian battalion at once and | Tlmrsda;
%v it to the front, as soon as the men	BBPB JÊ I
...SSSr.SS.’ÏJ?.lïta?1
A id efficiency. It 1* intimated, now Mias Pearl Wilson was the week-end « r, that while the Premier has agreed	(,f jier e«>usin. Miss Inez Wilson,
the minister carrying out his plans in Miss Hester Hodgins spent the week siiect of serving the Empire, lie has knd at Radford, guest of Miss Lula Mee.
r„ m, ^ -I sr.-cse ns, t
-gnation, and has appoint < «1 Hun. - b. ] (^)Vere(t from the measles.
Mrs. Alex. Armstrong is at present visiting her sister, Mrs. F. F. Corrigan.
4e w ere en. Leonard
\es.
t ii World wide interest
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of the County of Pontiac.
At a regular, general, quarterly session of the municipal council of the county of Pontiac, held in the village of Campbells Bay, on Wednesday, the fourteenth day of March, nineteen hundred and seventeen, at which session are present the Warden, Paul McNally, Esq., mayor of the village ¦Campbell* Buy, and the following county councillors, viz l_ Michael Dunn, Esq., mayor of the township of Chichester ; W. K. McDonald, Esq., mayor of the village of Cha|»eau ; William Labelle, Esq., mayor of the united townships of Waltham and Bryson ; Charles Relec, jrM Esq, mayor of the united townships of Mansfield and Pontefract ; James Ward, Esq, mayor of the village of Fort Cou longe ; Thomas Sloan, Esp mayor of the township of Leitchfield ; C. McNally, Esq., mayor of the township of Grand Calumet Island ; H. A. Saint Pierre, Esq., pro-mayor of the village ^¦^^1 < D	mayor of tin ling »f Portage da Fort
of the united townships of Leslie, Clapham and
M. ( ‘h-,	\ I . mayor of the township of Thom*
Fred W. Thomas, Esq., mayor of the township of Clarendon ; John G. Elliott, Esq., pro-mayor of the village of Shaw t ille ; Duncan Campbell. Esq., mayor of the township of Bristol ; William Burden, Hsu., mayor of the iowtiship of South Onslow ; F. A. Davis, Esq., mayor of the village ot Qnyon ; and Patrick OTteilley, Eaq., mayor of the township of Onslow North, forming a quorum of the council under the presidency of the Warden ;
P. E. Blond in, who became
Hon
Mr. Win. Orr is hauling lumber for the erect ion of a new house.
Mr. Iconard Mee and sister Lola, eats of Mr. W. A. Hodgins i> evening.
Bernice Hodgins and little sister
By-Law No. 56.
of
Province of Quebec, Municipality of the county of Pontiac
At a regular, general, quarterly session of the municipal council of the county of Pontiac, held in the village of Campbell'* Bay on the fourteenth day of March, nineteen hundred and seventeen, at which session are present the Warden, Paul McNally, Esq., mayor of the tillage of Canq»bell’* Bay, and the following county councillors, viz :—Michael Dunn, K*q., mayor of the township of Chichester ; W. H. McDonald, EsqM mayor of the village, of Chapeau ; Wm. Libelle, Esq., mayor of the united township* of Waltham and Bryson ; Charles Belee, Jr. Esq., mayor of the united township* of Mansfield and Pontefract ; James Ward, Kmi., mayor of the village of Fort ( oulongv ; Thomas Sloan, Esq., mayor of the township of Leitch -field ; II. A. Saint Pierre, Esq., pro-mayor of the village of Bryson : Georg»' Dagg, Esq , mayor of the village of Portage du Fort ; Joseph Gilpin, Esq , mayor of the imitcil town-hip* of Leslie, Clapham and Huddersfield ; Wm. McCleary, Esq., mayor of the township of Thome ; F. W. Thomas, Esq , mayor of the township of Cla rein Ion ; John G. Elliott. Eaq, pro mayor of the village of Shaw ville ; Duncan Cam pixel I, Esq., mayor of the township of Bristol ; Wm. Burden, E*«i., mayor of the township of South Onslow ; F. A. Davis. E*n., mayor of the Village of Quyon ; and Patrick ( )* Red ley, K*q., mayor of the township of Onslow North, forming a quorum of the ¦him li under th< pre*i«l	the Wai<l<
It is enacted and ordained by By law of this council a* follow* ;—
A By-law to prohildt the sale of intoxicating liquors, and the iMailing of licenses therefor, within the limit* of the County Municipality of INaitiae," to wit ;—
The sale of intoxicating liquors, and the issuing of licenses tberefoi, are b> the present By law prohibited within the County Municipality of Pontiac, under the authority, and for the enforcement of section fifteenth, of cha|»ter fifth, of title fourth, of the Revised Statutes of Queheç, I #09 (Hignech H. T. Hvbomas,	(Signed) PaVI McNally,
Her rHary-TlWWir.	Warden.
M is*
of Brvson
Joseph Gilpin, Esq. Hmhler-fivM ; Will
, mayor
lain
itenaude. Secretary of State, as acting
head of the P. O. department, during be absence of the former on service. Mr. Blondin ha* good hopes of raising a battalion of his com | wit riot * in a short
A few of our young tertained at the home Mee Monday evening before hi-» leaving for Swift Current next morn in Spring is coming think so
re
It i> enacted and ordained by By-law of this council a* follow * :—
14 A By-lay to repeal By law No. 5i of this council, passed on the ninth day of iieeember, 1915, entitled ‘A By law to prohibit the sale of in toxicating liquors, and the issuing of licenses therefor, within the limits ot the County Municipality of Pontiac , and also to repeal the resolution 1 ia.<*ed t>> this council on the same date, ordering the said By law No. 52 to lie submitted to the municipal eh* tors of this county for their approval.
By law No. 52 of this council, passed on the ninth day of Decemlier, nineteen hundred and fifteen, entitle»! “A By-law to prohibit tb« sale ot intoxicating liquors, and the issuing of licenses therefor, within the limit-of the County Municipality of Pontia» U hereby repealed, as well as the resolution of this council, passed on the same date, ordering the said Bylaw No. 52 to he submitted to the municipal elector* of thi- county for t heir •i-pioxal
(Signed) H. T. Hi rowan,
Secretary-Treasurer
even the crows 15—40.
me
Presentation at Campbells Bay
The home of Mr. ami Mr*. H. T. Lu-wa* the scene of a very pleasant
M.irch 16ti
FENCING TENDERS EXTENDED
am
vent on Friday evening, when the member* of St. Andrew *
¦
• » dollar gold pi»* ,
«•n<led hereto was read by Mr A. Stev d the gold piece was |*resented 1 y Rev. A. Robertson. Mrs. Lunani, al , hough taken by surprise, thanked the
Church a**embled to pre-Lunam, their organist, with a
The address ap
The time for receixinu tender* for the fencing of No. 2 and No 12 B School Grounds, Clarendon, has lieen extended t«. 51 -t March, at 1, p. m.
m a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec. Treae.


(Higned) Paul McN ally,
Warden
ensou ai

True copy,
True copy
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
The New Springtime
4 Weekly Journal 4+voted to Looal Iqttreete.
PablUltdeveryTheriday
\{ Shawfille, County Pontiac, Quo.
TOGGERY


St’MCRIPTlfll, #1 A YKAR IN AdVANCK.
tW All arrears must he paid up before
•uiy p »por Is discontinued.
m ¦ i—w Q —* —— —*
advertising rates.
Legal advertising. 10cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not pxdeeding one inch Inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rat,e of 8 cents per line for first insertion ¦ i .T cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
I
MEN’S and BOYS’
CLOTHING.
52*4
7a

\
We are now ready to show you a large range of Men’s and Boys’ Clothing in New Spring Models.
WINMÙX>

h
an
Y I
F
y
Watch this Space NEXT WEEK.
Men’s Suits
We have Suits for M|en and Young hljen in different styles, $12.50 to 25.
Navy Blue Serge Suits
We still Ijave some Navy Blue Serge Suits wlyich will not fade and are guaranteed.
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly anil cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
¦¦¦	JOHN A. COWAN. ¦
Publisher
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :

O
SHAWVILLE MOTOR COMPANY Registered.
O. Y. H. LODGE. No. :KH. meet* 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. S'. Ho ivs, Rev.-Secy.
L. O. L. No. 87, meet» let Tuesday of vn< h month.
Edward Dalk W.M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on
• lu* 1 fth of each month
If. N. Hodoins.
W. Comp, in Com
O. G. McDowell, W. M.
Rko. Hodgixs, Secy.
Boys’ Suits
A nicely assorted lot of Boys' Suits ii% Plain and Norfolk Styles.
New Spring* Shirts.
Red. Hodc.ixs Com. Scribe.

TO INVESTORS
Professional Cards.
hose who, from time to time, have funds requiring
INVESTMENT MAY PURCHASE
AT PAR
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
. Qvk
Campbell* Bay Doc or of Medicine and Master of Surgery
McGill University.	.
Doctor of Dental Surgery. University of
Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
DOMINION OF CANADA DEGENTURE STOCK
G. F. HOOCINS CO.
IN SUMS OF $500 OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF.
Minutes of County Council
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at any chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
Thomas, 0 Roil ley, McCleary, Burden, Elliott, Sloan, Gilpin, Dagg, C. McNally
1; dar quarterly session, held at Campbell -1°.
Campbell* Bay on Wednesday, the 14th For tie* main motion—Councillors Marc h, 1917.	Davis McDonald, Saint Pierre, La 1*1 le,
Mem liera present The W Paul; Belt ' id. Dunn ».
The amendment was declared earned.
The Provincial Secretary's hill for maintenance of insane for 1916, amounting to $1798.93 was presented to coun-
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
Holders of this stock, will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Que.
McNally, Esq., and Councillors Dunn, f McDonald, Libelle, Bclee, Ward, Tb<* j ma.% Sloan, C McNally, Saint Pierre,
Dagg, Gilpin. McCleary, Elliott, Camp bell, Burden, Davie, and OReilley.
All the councillors subscriM to their Conns. Met lcary and Thomas moved oath of ottiev.	that the Sec.-Treas. lx? authorized t<.
Councillors Paul McNally was re- W the bill for maintenance of insane elected Warden on motion of conns, as soon as funds are available ; that lie Kelec and Dagg.	lx* instructed to send to each local score
Thi Warden elect subscript to his tary a list of insane patient* who have Il n DADDV K C I oath of office.	been domiciled in his municipality with
Um If ¦ DMIf If 1 9 r%e 'I Minutes of last session were adopted the amount charged for their mainten
without amendment on motion of conn.-», ance for 1916, and the hxal councils and McDonald and C. McNally.	secretaries collect as much as possible
Moved by conns. Belec and Ward that of the amounts from the responsible the By-law re. mad in range A, Mans- relatives of such insane and deport any field, notice of which was given at last amounts so collected to the credit of the
session, be deferred till the next June county» count) rate account in the Government would furnish plans and I Vouns. Thomas and Ward moved that HHVarricd.	>|vrchants Bank nf t ainul t at . haw gpecifications for such office, and rcjxjit By-law No. 56, to prohibit the sale of
Conns. OReilley and Dunn, in con ville, (^ue.—tarried.	at next session.—Carried.	intoxicating liquors, and the issuing of
a junction with the Warden, wen* ap A circulai	letter /rom 11. L Ames,	Conns. O Reilley and Libelle moved	licenses therefor, within the limits of
pointed County Delegates, on motion of Secretary nl	the Canadian 1 atnotic I	By-Law No. .54, levying by assess-	the county of Pontiac, lx? now intro
AC couns. McCleary and Burden.	1 und, and a telegram from the Lieut.- |ne|l^ t|ie 8Um 0f |<x)r>8.17 by a rate of Idticed and read a first time.
Messrs. Howard Smith of Campbell* Governor of (juelxrc, iv. grant to Lana-1,0024 on the dollar, for the expenses of Yeas — Couns. Thomas, McCleary,
Bay and Martin J. Griffin of. Calumet dian Patriotic	and	Led (. ros*	r unds,	^ current year, be now introduced and I Burden, Elliott, Sloan, Gilpin, Dagg.
Island were appointed Auditors on mo- were read	read a first time. This was carried and Labelle, C. McNally, Belts', CampMI,
—	lion of couns. O Reilley and Dunn.	Moved bv couns. baint 1 terre and B Uw No M WA8 read a first, second Ward-12.
PHONE BELL	H. T. Hardman of Bryson was re- McDonald that this council grant $3000 ^ time and passed.	Nays-Couns. OReilley, Davis, Me
I	I I	R Ap|)oiuted Secretary-Treasurer, with an to the Canadian Patriotic F und, and	^ Lxbel,e and t)agg moved that	Donald, Saint Pierre, Dunn—5.
V# lRNEST uABOURY, LL# 0# annual salary of $300.00 on motion of $2000 to the	Red Cross Sx let y for the the Sec.-Treas. lx? authorized to collect	The resolution was declared carried,
_	couns. McCleary and Ward.	current year, in addition t<* any1 amounts tjJC	\- levied by By-law No. 54 as and By-law No. 36 was read a first, sec
ADVOCATE	William Boland of Bryson was re- previously voted	to	the said	rund	—	^ ^ comes into force.—^Carried. ond and third time and pawed.
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR appointed Special County Constable, Carried.	(. xirvanv ftrui Sloan moved Mr. Robert Carswell of Bryson ap
—S : ESIKKlplM
Wsmmmm wsm
balance in county rate account, $33M.06 motion of roun. Saint Pierre »nd Gil-	^ V(fUn< Belec and Ward moved that
' - -i il IE IE E:__
Coon,. C. MrN.lty and Ward moved baala. that it may be lawfully dealt ""	under the author,»!,,*, of J nUmtmMSLnd ULUDO.
* a. 1 i-1 - fiv    »L. «   M ill. • a«»J ¦ ex f IhA	f»l it le^linrv ff Illiul ( lit '' I 1 It81 « . V.m 1 D Me	^
Moved by couns. Dagg and Elliott that this council do now adjourn.—
Carried.	*
Proceeds of this stock are for war purposes only
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and stock brokers on allotments made in respect of applications for this stock which bear their stamp.
cil
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Sc.
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visit Shaw ville every Saturday
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa
t
:
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE, OTTAWA OCTOBER 7th, 1916.
9
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE. AC
•Off ce and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tr Visits Shawvllle every Saturday
CONFEDERATION LIFE ASSOCIATION
settion
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
EST. 1871.
THE CONFEDERATION
LIFE it in its 46th year of business, an old established Life Company, with great strength. Big Dividends to Policyholders, and absolutely fair treatment.
Before placing your Life Insurance secure Rates and Plans from
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent,
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
196 Main St. - Hull.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed net lay and ShswvUle every Saturday.
Mr. Win. J. Clarke of Litchfield, ap
on
Incubators for Sale
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
PirsDnalittention.Openallhours
Praiire folate Incubators for sale (new). Also for «ale two second-hand machine*.
Apply t'
No action was
E. T. HUDGINS, Agent, Shawville
UNDERTAKING
report for 1916 were adopt
and C* WkM DAI AB I M ft I of ooan*. O’Reilley and McCleary.
D M !• Iwl I IB wA | ||Q0 wae voted to each of the two
county Agricultural Societies -$200 in all -on motion of couna. C. McNally and
Bake.
Mr. R. W. Hodgin*, Sec.-Trea*. of Agricultural Society No. I, thanked the
AH ,.ll. .Ml reel., prompt per |¦ *.2%*. moW tW
that the Pembroke General, Pembroke J. V. FINDLAY ottage, Ottawa Co. Carleton, and Ot
- tawa Water Street HoapitaU be each I granted # the \ ilk Mark Qasara and Üenfrew X ictoria Hospital» each $<0
-$840 in	WHHÈÊÊÊÊÊÊ
Couns. Gilpin and Dagg
amendment that the Aral four hospital* mentioned above lie each grant, f| I and the last two $80 each—$<40 in all. I For the amendment — Councillor* j

that the Sec.-Treat, secure the neceaaary with ; and in the event of it I*• ing found blank forms for new valuation roll* in that thi* council if reaponsibk for it* duplicate for all the local municipalities maintenance in common with the county and pay for *ame from county fund*.— of XX right. John Hickey, Eat}., of South
I Onslow, be appointed a special an
tendent to rcucmt thi- council
HAYES A FINDLAY
SHAWVILLE
TIME OF MEETING :
Austin First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thors. Wyman, - • First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday
ot each month.
(opposite J. H. Shaw #
ami pay
H. T. Hi ROMAN, Sec.-Trea*. Co. Pontiac Bryson, (jtic., March 17, 1917.
Onflow, be appointed a apeciai *u|*enn-
The council now adjourned to i. pro., | tendent to represent thi* council and
act in cooperation with another special superintendent from the county of XVright, to prepare a prof verbal of the I this road and report to this council.
annal attention
Sally and I council rv-aaaemMed,
on motion of coon*. Me
i«. m I-era i
W. J H AYES.
prew
The Warden inquired if it wa» intention of council to take any steps I Carried towards the erection of a Regialry Office
in ( 'ampUdl.s Bay. and it wa* moved by By-law No. 53, to repeal of McDonald and Ward that the | be now introduced and read
Warden secure information aa to the aine, material and probalde cost of a i By-law No. 53 wa* introduced, read 4 suitable building, and if the Quebec 1 first, second and third time, and passed.
in
NOTICE
(V>un*. Ward and Belec moved that
a first time.
The people In this section are probably the M heat pay” of any in oar country Yet. a few accounts are outstanding
moved in


countries. Aek for our INVRN-

•M),
These maj »*e settled at the office
ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARIO*.
Mss trial*
i
W ARMSTRONG. M D. Shawville, March 17, HM7.
W University
###PAGE###6###
A Homemade Baby Teadar.
A useful baby tender for a child over eight months old is a strong drygoods box four feet long, two feet drop and two feet wide. Pad the edges and the bottom, and cover the whole box with bright cretonne. Put rasters under each corner, so that the box ran be moved to the veranda in warm weather. For winter use nail legs a foot high to the corners. The elevation will lessen the danger from ltut if by an drafts, and will enable the child to lengthen the look out of the window.

dusewifel
Gamer
J
MM
It has the reputation o! nearly a quarter of a century behind every packet sold
Black—Green—or Mixed
Write for Free copy of Furniture and Household Furnishing Catalogue now ready.
EASY TERMS FOR ALL 645-647 Qaeta St. W., Tsraate, Oat.
I'he Principal Elements of Food
not earn more during the time by d<>-g something elm
The chief constituents of food are. ,
Proteins, Carbohydrates, Fats, Min-1 hoUr vf mending you vrai salts, water.	i,lf* of the *Pron <,nly
Protein» are found in meat. milk. :f /<>“ estimate your time », worth
cheeee, butter, eggs, fish grains and on!y six rente an hour, you are pa>mg Veal Stuffing.—Three cup» "tale	parboiled and chopped; two cup,
legumes (beans and pea*).	more for the apron than it cost in the bread vrumba, three onions chopped finf bresd crumbg> two tablespoons
SSSH=
arsrïisirsTTi:	^ssf* ,h*
olives and corn	economy to do it unies* there is no
Mineral salts are found in green °^el wa^ ' vegetables, milk, meats, eggs, fish, and grains.
The chief use of proteins is in blood and muscle making, tissue building
Trr to U* Constance, tar B	KT
uncle besought her to return to the re|^ver from the fatigUe of the hall.! energy or power to do work, By the >all-r°omt and thus Prevent any ie- w^.|e (instance waa quite serene, process of digestion starch is changed
Vermont. He was quite satisfied with	the mystery of the conspiracy. u-s®‘l to regulate the body; they huild ,	.
the success of his plot, but had no This	sounded plausible and meant no	tissue, and arc necessary for teeth and	Pl“>™8 lts Part m checking the na-
ilesire to come into contact with Lord thi	whlch xvas	thoroughly char-	bone structure.	tural growth of our people, both in
üaMT»nwh[lV havi.^Ur ^HcrPHdrerrp > acteristic of Mr. Vermont.	, Water Is the most necessary of all mind and in body.
men, accompanied by the inspector, T-rt	one The ce	was of course	amount that a healthy body can per-	to supply the same want, causes a
silently entered the car yvhich had ,	ex‘itemcnt	the fashionable	form its duties on. This amount may	catarrhal condition of the digestive
been brought round, the ball was draw- * (>rld over Adrien's sensational a. rest, be taken either plain or in beverage, system, thereby preventing the normal
mHarHHE *	”-V= iftiwnr 53&1
that their host and his son were nlso.1 a.,.ti* f/®nî ‘‘“V^L-tèr a'% Drinking a glass of water before organs	of	digestion	results,	and	this
being driven away—but to a police''"^y of fri,nds and reporters alike,, mi>a,s simulates the digestive juices ! Prevents	natures	process	of	prepar
station.	“I1'1 resolutely refusing to be Hitei-. d prepares the stomach to receive mg food for assimilation. Con-
t, 1:	z r: rsa tzr.svva
arffwrv» srïK z ïjs'S =,1 «swas
«I waSui' aurait!»h* jSà rmiPtlv ball, ami instructed the solicitors to, persons. Drinking a glass of water1 gradually loses resistance to germ dis.. !h:^r	Prepare a deed	"" "elp Process ^ "r"	,,,	,	,	,
country lanes, "that we wait together ft* ri*h]8 of th/ ( asket theatre digestion. The temperature of the tre.m babyhood and childhood up in London until the court opens; and sho£1(l ** made °';e#r U>11V' water should be from 45 to 56 degrees Wt* Canadians indulge in an excess of
Ffpm iSFs “. .... mÆzï
LtLV,tria?-"ft0of cTrseStsucUhnsth(,tulde This "kindly thought completely | Three years ago a woman win, was tlnue. through adult life.
1«* necessary ” '	'	turned the scale of Ada's gratitude in addicted to overcareful and continual Haw potatoes contain about eighty
“A very sensible idea” agreed Shcl- favor. Rejoicing at the blow darnings and patchings of her clothes per cent, of water, and in skinning and ton. "Thank you, inspector. When	*hich she k,.ie.w	fhis woul(1	h>‘u1.^	Mr;	began to realize that instead of lieing	eyeing we lose on an average about
this matter is satisfactorily cleared	Je™®nt. *nd in	ignorance	of Ms	last	< thrifty she was probably wasting	ten per cent, of the raw potato. The
up, you will not lose by your sym- treachery w Adrien, sne aetermineci t;me	many other women, once baking of potatoes causes less loss and
pathy, nor by the way you have con- .?	1	'A1 uu * °	1 ; she began to mend she never knew produces the most wholesome prépara-
Ssswïïïtaï'sSs? sffiiüt	tiisîsa.s^ftsse- "" 7
in I ondon thp whole nartv went	Mortimer Shelton became	more	and	on as long as there was a hole or a	What does this suggest with the
straight to Burminster Housl for	more anxious.	thin place in sight. The idea came to	potato in the limelight and its cost out
breakfast, after which, the four walk The solicitors had briefed the finest her of trying to copy the methods of of all proportion to its real value ?
ed down to the court, where applies- ®nd *>e8t Jcnown barristers for the de- the efficiency expert*
¦ g *	*	1 K fence ; hut one and all agreed that un-1
less Adrien could prove an alibi, only a miracle could save him from conviction.
can
one month, even
Filling* for Meat
E204
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
J
Or The Sunlight of Love
1 > alue of Potatoes.
The potato is at present the most advertised vegetable we have consumption far exceeds any other vegetable made up of a large proportion of starch claims of the potato to the high dignity that has suddenly been thrust upon
F
net
You will like its Fine Granulation
Buy your sugar in these n<*at 2 or 5-lb. cartons, which you can place directly on your pantry shelves.
Jiut cut off the corner and pour out the sugar as you need it.
Its
Pure Cane
CHAPTER XXIII.—(Cont'd)
Let us consider the
t r-
it
The human digestive system is limited in its power to digest properly large quantities of starch adiane have made general use of starchy foods, and this practice is
Extra Quality
Granulated
f
Can-

Lantic Sugar
1
comes also in 10 and 20-lb baps for housewives who like to buy in larger quantities

2 and 5-lb Cartons
"The All-Purpose Sugar ”	10 and 2G-lb Bags
The Guide to True Economy
This year, instead of buying new clothing and household effects, let Parker restore those you have already. You will gain iu every way. We are specialists in
DYEING and CLEANING
Cloves, Gowns, Feathers, Lace Curtains, Blankets, Car-Ml!» Gent’s Clothing Dominion for our thorough work.

We are known throughout the
Sand for oar Catalogue on Cleaning and Dyeing.
PARKERS DYE WORKS, LIMITED
791 Yonge Street
Toronto
Doctor Tells How To Strengthen Eyesight SO per cent In One Week *s Time In Many Instances
. She decided. The answer is that its use can not only therefore, to "standardize” her mend- he cut down to a normal proportion of
I the diet for those who like its taste, First, she made a list of the gar-[but it can be entirely replaced by oth-in common use that needed er foodstuffs which would supply
repairing; then she starch in even greater quantities.
Potatoes have eighteen parts to the
tion for bail was made and accepted in two sureties of ten thousand pounds each from Lord Barminster and Morti-
"TheTr^rned'their rtown house,	.'mT fro. uen.
where his father	telephoned to the	îhe (la>'	w'th	unwearied i.lm to the	«a,mated the length of time each artl	, , , ^ L
family solicitors.	Within half an	lonf •pwchts	made	by	the	counsel on	cle could he worn without need of re-	hundred of starch	and	sugar	(carbo-	A Free	Prescription	You Can Have
hour the head of the firm arrived, and both sales.	pair, and the average yearly cost, j hydrates) ; jellies and marmalades, 60 j	Filled and Use at Home,
was put in possession of much meagre fitness after w*tness was vailed: pgllowing is a copy of the list, re used to 90 parts; rice, 79; buckwheat and
IpleEl	büSfeS	ISSSiSI	fillllfl
"It will not be an easy task my * Towards the end of the case when illustration:	ned p< as, .1, dried peas, h*.	trying It: Mi wee almost blind: could not w to
•'w.w,w
I will do my best, and will have opin- note was sent to the barrister for the Apron, kitchen over-	sugars. In all the other foods men-1 tint all the tune. It wee tike a miracle to mej
ion of the highest counsel obtainable." defence by a veiled lady, who had sat *u (	$ .«'* l > mo». $ .4<; tjoneij the carbohydrates present arc h««*y e!th°ocTitboût>iiiw-. bU^sfEr'Caing tide
They were soon ready to undertake *n the back of the court during the Combination garment,	‘ mainly starch.	» prescription for fifteen day» everyth.** enema
great deal of humiliation by the way suming his usual confident tones, hejflannelette t.jw ;
At desired that a new witness might be ; Lfi u„ «	1	*
, called, namely Lady Men vale.	“rtasSn
At the name Adrien
nig
of ever get^ag glaevei. Rye trouble- of ii.auy drerripiione may be w iniiertully benefited by following the simple rule». Here le the prescription:	Go to any active drug store end get #
bottle of Boa-Op to tablets. Drop one Bon-< >p*o tablet ia a fourth of a glass of water and allow to dissolve. With this liquid bathe the eye two to four Umr» dally. You ebouid notice your eyes clear up perceptibly right from the start inflammation will quickly disappear. If y cue pyea are bothering you. -ren n little, take steps to rave them now before It ia too late. Many, hopelessly blind might have been saved if tL"> had a rod for their eyes in time.	«
• Ill
Koto: Another prominent Pbyeldee to whom the above artkle was submitted, mid:	Bo# Opt»» I* #
very remarkable remedy, lu cooatttuset Uigredlente are well known to eminent eye •petlallsta and widely prescribed by Ibero. Tbe manufacturera guar anise It to strenatben erwlght Mi per cow hi one week s time la many iintaaaaa or refund the Boner. It .-an be obtntnad from any gooffdruggist ai d la one « very few preparations I feel Should t« kept on
la
n
2.25
1.00
he had so far conducted the case
lisle or hnl
¦	.16	1
ngs caahmere	.60	1
Union suit, summer	,6«>	6
...	P ¦ ¦	Union suit, winter 2.00 6
black, pale but composed, entered the Waiwt, lingerie	1.50	5	__
witness box and was duly sworn. As u guide to mending, such a list Calmly she gave her evidence, stating will serve in the following way: You that she had visited her aunt, Lady will see that the "life expectation” so Rose Challoner, at Hamptoi. Court on to speak, of a kitchen apron is eight™	'-H" F,
the river, and as an additional witness n’* ndm* can h|ngthen the life of she could produce one of the boatmen the aPron »1X months, you have spent to whom she had spoken while at the hour well, provided that you could Hampton, and who had watched them_____________________________
After this there was little more to unmask Jasper Vermont. He found j be said. Tbe miracle had indeed hap. her more than willing to accompany ! p ned. It was clearly a case of per- him to Barminster, and accordingly It jury on the part of Barker’s clerk, for *** arranged that they should travel1 whose arrest the judge ordered a war- down together on the following day, j rant to be issued.	accompanied also by Jessica. Upon J
On the delivery of the verdict in the rare occasions that Vermont and 1 Adrien’s favor. Lady Merivale left the Barker had met during the past week
She did not glance at Leroy, the latter had made no sign of his ¦ Present, but walk- ? recently acquired emancipation from She* knew that not Jaspers rule, and that gentleman was
in blissful unconsciousness of the y word hanging over him.
Arrived at Windleham, the nearest
minster, Mr. Marker left en at the little hotel fac
4.20 6 00
started for- *toc
ward, but it was too late. A lady in
R
1.00
mè
4.00
Indigestion
and
Biliousness

i"
%
i
Indigestion, biliousness, headaches, flatulence, pains after eating, constipation, are all common symptoms of stomach and liver Doubles. And tbe more you neglect them the more you suffer. Take Mother Seiyel's Syrup if your stomach, liver, or bowels are slightly deranged or
For immediate overseas service,
join
The Royal Naval Canadian Volunteer Reserve
Overseas Division.
The Navy must be kept supreme—-more men are needed to man the fleets which are sweeping the seas of commerce-raiders and submarines. Canadians joining the R. N. C. V. R., Overseas Division, are sent at once to England for training.
P A Y $1.10 a day and upwards—Free Kit —
S I Separation allowance as in C. E. F.
No experience necessary—Candidates must be sons oi natural born British subjects—Ages 18 kx38.
Experienced men from 18 to 45 may enlist for service in the Canadian Naval Patrol* to guard Canadian Coasts.
Pay from $1.05 a day and separation allowance.
For particulars apply to COMMODORE ÆMILIUS JARVIS,
Naval Recruiting Officer, Ontario Area, 103 Bay Street, TORONTO,
or to the Naval Recruiting Secretary, Ottawa.	»»
	
A
JH
I
MOTHER
SEIGEL’S
coui
nor indeed anyone ed blindly out.
only had she restored tin- man sht* loved to freedom and to honor, hut in all
probability ruined her own social poai-|______
tion. For Jasper Vermont*» veiled «dation tu Bpr threats at the Barminater fancy dress Bic tw» Wo,,lv
hall could not be ignored, and now that! ”»* ’he railway, there to await his remho had deliberately gone contrary to turn ci instjüctiona to come on to the his wimhos in disclosing where Adrien camtlc. Then he made him way to Bar-had spent the fateful twenty-second of minster. Here, he delivered a note May. she could not but doubt that Ver- into the care of th • footman, bidding mont would make use of the mysteri- hi”1 take it to _^r_*	-	‘
ou* power which he had hinted he delay. In it, he had begged Lord held over her. What thin power was Barminater to grant him an interview she could only surmise, for. of course. ?n important personal hum mess, hint-she was in ignorance of Jasper i con- ,n* t^at ^ J® Boin^c, hi* might avert n#vtion with 1 Marker’, Ltd " But ,h, futur, peril for Adrien and himself, had an uncomfortable feeling that	* ve.n[ sho.t time* the man re-
Adrien's freedom had been purchased turned, with the message that Lorn at considerable danger to herself, and! Barminater would see him at once;
the thought haunted 1er unpleasantly. ; *id Mr Murker waa ehown Into the
in which Adrien I*roy had
been arrested little more thap a week
before.
"His lordship will be with you in a
said the man as he left
SYRUP

have lost tone Mother ScigeVs Syrup is made from t he curative extracts of certain roots, barks, and leaves, which have a remarkable tonic and strengthening effect on all the organs of digestion. The distressing »ymp-toms of i!	i-.-n <.r er
troubles soon disappear under its beneficial action. Buy a bottle to-day, but be sure you get tbe genuine Mother Seigel s B/rup There are many imita-Atom, but not one that cives the
lease health benefita.JHHIH
ia the


lets
i
Best Remedy


CHAPTER XXIV
Mr. Marker, having arranged thins to hlr liking at Lawrence Lane, re-1 few mome turned to Miss Lester and reminded the room her of her promise to assist him toj

«row <* r> n

1
nn
(To be
MMd)

###PAGE###7###
I
Biggest Prob- '
«mart costume. The coat is twice
4 uiWwfitt? SB?•S2533I~--»
the sides only ami leave a panel effect	Barge-Building ¦¦
at the back, which is pleated like the front.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer or from the McCall Company, 70. Bond St.,
Toronto, Ont. Dept. W.
SHIPS OF STONE
The Wonder Bey.
He wonders that the little birds Know how to build a nest;
And why the tun always goes from The East unto the West.
And wonders why It never shines At night when nederfd so.
And why we have to welt till spring To see the blossoms grow.
He often wonders why his name
The
lems in most homes are fuel and service.
Concrete hold# it# own in the con- ^llC SCrvStît lCflVCS and the
our public fuel is low, happy is the
monuments housewife who knows
ROYAL
When
PIR6TBR00K BROS., Limited 28S King Street Beet, Toronto
MADF IN CANADA ,


*truction of our houses, buildings, our bridges, our and now even in our ship <
Harbored safely in Norwegian wa term is
D

Shredded Wheat Biscuit,
s&atSw! :^hc“r„r.c
merrily on the water* of the River! eat. With these Crisp littl i He ha* a euriy heed.
2£s :»hï.; sztxs. £S I jr?of btd whek whtat, Vv" “ ^-KT
of our own River Thame*, any* I.on-j the housewife may prepare | And why the toe* of all hi* .hoe* don A newer*.	in a few moment» a delicious, j »" 80on are ",ubb'D* U,rou«h-
h or durability and absolute safety, nourishing meal at lowest He wonders w here the nice moon goes ferro-concret#—to give it its proper	&	When missing from the shy;
mm mm mm m? ®
spring comes. Some very jaunty J^een >«*r8 It^»s caused by hin. nu„wM a boating ferroconcrete	“TiW^	A man as big as dad.
models are being shown now, and blood which fails to carry sufficient dock f<jr torpedo-destroyers This	„ -	.	_	.	And why ft's hard work to be good,
many of them have coats in Norfolk nourishment to the nerves, and the ^ idea ha# aiready beeil taken I	Made in Canada.	And easy to be had.
or semi-Norfolk effects with plain or child becomes restless and twitching by the p^ench, M. Hennebique ofi	""	1 ’	¦¦	The world Is very full today
’Hris sarvtkis	*®0cean Slwre 11'3 :rl E?jz "" r
raraart rsa r as. s v,r as %%%%%&=— !
remained for nine weeks, without any eandv ma(le a d m d ’	** The Workmen's Compensation Act
benefit. Indeed when we brought her	_ ' _	in Nova Scotia is making good. The
home she was as helpless as a baby. 11	act came into operation Jan. 1.
§§£=;	mmm
mail at 60 cents a box or six boxes for sweet. To do this nothing can equal	K	11 ne> 18 8 tbe cie(bt ^or be
$2.60 from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Baby’s Own Tablets. Concerning ™ bott1tmen at }he CaP€* went on , cure Co , Brockville, Ont.	them Mrs. Romain Poirier, Mizonette,1 8tr,*e ear,y *n February, demanding
_____*_____ N. B., says;—“My baby suffered from an ^creaae of 26 per cent, in wages. Mrs. Roger states, “and 1 suffered fur
Now And Then	! constipation but thanks to Baby’s Own Car ferrieR tamed the mails.	thirteen months. Backache, heart
r .«Ini	Tablets he is perfectly well again." At the College Anti-Suffrage League j buttering*, sciatica, neuralgia, dizzi-
Ureat Britain is now turning out The Tablets are sold by medicine deal- meeting, held at St. John, Mrs. Annie ! neM and fa,1»ng memory were among mc»re heavy shells every forty-eight er8 or by mail at 25 cents a box from «Bey Hale of Washington, D C., made my symptoms. When the doctor I hours than she did in the first whole The Dr Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock- * Plea for the “New Woman.”	consulted failed to do me any lasting
!	eSÜEjSe 1 “1 ™ ~
the residential sections—seems de- stjtutjon signed to put business cares, recreation and quiet home life in separate ,	.	|	,1 I |
compartments. The organization ot ed a commun cation from the consular, itched and burned at night. They all
city life to allow for leisure—a feel- a^"^ Italy, stating that shippers ; camo from diseased kidneys and all BABCOCK *. 6ON8 World’s Rarest Plant.	; more prevalent in Adelaide than of fish to ,taly must include among ’ vanished when she used Dodd’s Kidney FerBWly Pfct,n< 0flke	K^ub. 1S7?
The world's rare*, plant i, the sil- In Melbourne, or even tn Sydney, and tbf	juments -ertifleate, j Pill*
ver-sword, a spicies of cactus that1 almost unknown in American citie**— of health and origin grows only on the most inaccessible slopes of volcanoes in Hawaii.

New Spring Models
an
» NERVOUS CHILDREN

It has been a matter of conjecture w hether coat suits would return to favor with the spring, or whether the long coats by which women have stood firm and steadfast all through the winter would continue to satisfy their needs in spring.
•I
•' /MAKF5 PERFECT BREAD
>>
The Trouble is Often Really St. Vitus Dance—Do Not Neglect It.


YEAST
Impressing.
First Chauffeur—Bill got the sack for taking out his boss's car without
permission.
Second Chauffeur- But how did his horns know he took it?
First Chauffeur—Because Bill ran over him.
Minsrd’e Liniment Corea Borne, Etc
j Teacher Has Not Lost One Day h A Year
No one goes any higher than hi* own level, and he climbs up only as he sees visions, and aspires.
BITS OF NEWS FROM THB MARITIME PROVINCES.
FOB BALE
Item» of Interest From Plates Lapped By Wares of the Atlantic.
T^OR HAl.E CHEAP- -GOOD BOARD-F Ins House In Owen Sound In good repair, good location Near Depot and factories. Apply It Me a ruth, Executor. Tratisronn. Man.
'
Mrs. Roger Gives Credit to Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
f>ROnT-MAKINfJ NEWS AND JOB J Offices for sale In rood Ontario i towns. The most useful and Interesting
i. Full Information on to Wilson Publishing Come est Adelaide Afr»e* Toronto
Before that She Suffered from Sciatica,
Neuralgia, Nervousness and Other ef si) businesses Troubles Coming from Sick Kidneys, lîny^Vl^w Which Dodd's Kidney Pills Cured
*
MISCELLANEOUS
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed


My trouble came from a strait
F
\
Nailed free to any sddrv.e by the Author
Aatrto's
PlMMf I H. CLAY CLOVER CO., imr. DU Rt—<tet| 118 West 3l»t Street, New York]
When buying your Piano Insist on having an
“OTTO HIQEL” PIANO ACTION

After the gft U "*
¦eeleei"
<9 McCall
V

PATENTS
1 IN ALL COUNTRIES
Others of Mrs. Roger's symptoms were nervousness, that t - : feeling, St. John’s Board of Trade receiv- ; irritability and a dry harsh skin that
or jeer
6SI —r627
Hurts# I?# Wemeti 0#, OMes##. 1er Free
Smart Spring Model Developed in
Jersey Cloth
W NT. JAMES ST , MONTREAL
Branches: Ottawa and Washington
mg the collar and cuffs trimmed with the plaid are considered exceedingly
terials are employed in with coats of one color.
Besides the Norfolk coats, the loose, straight-hanging box coat is one of the models that promises to be very much favored quite short.
WOO CART C OT OUT A
Bog Spavin or Thoroughpin
—+_
Munie in Siam
is responsible for the universal impression among visitors that Adelaide ranks high in general culture.
Both climate and the high quality of the South Australian pioneers are also factors which have helped to
. Some of these ere	•	m»ke Adelaide such a desirable place	i	^ lh,ey are kePt, for
They are very stunning Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited	of residence. Those who are attract- diattnded ferlin*, it 1* because or in- mental rather than musical
made up in velvet and worn with white Have used MINARD'S LINIMENT <*• »>y the climate people and manner	a^Ta'nd‘food*tVrn™*-
svrtTc skirt*. Dark blue or old-rose for Croup; ound nothing vqua! to it;	foothills cities of South* tlon. In much rosea try the plan now
velvet, with large white pearl buttons sure cure.	' er" California, who care for out-of- t-Uowrd n^m.ny	I BUY your out of town supplies with
for contrast, is used for these coats.	CH AS. E. SHARP. door life and dowers and fruit, and teaspoonrul of pure blamated magnesia , Dominion Express Money Orders
Not strictly Norfolk, but resem- Hawkshaw, N. B., Sept. 1st, 1906.1 wi#h t0. sPend week-ends in nearby	v^drklk n" STh.lhîî 2SS 1 Flvc do,,ars coeta ihr** vents,
bling this style in many points, is the	mountains or at the seashore, would draw* the blood to the stomach and
smart model illustrated in the sketch.	feel at home in Adelaide.	the bleu rated magnesia, a* any Dhyelclan
It is of orange-colored wool jersey and	Most writers on Australia profess to »%d and Vtops ' t h*’ Vooci'Terme m "tlon* j ricant for cutting screw threads in 1
accompanies	a	skirt	of	black-and-	see differences in types and manners	Try this simple plan and you will be a»-	aluminum	more	satisfactorily
orange check,	making an exceptionally-----------------------------------in the three leading cities of the Com-	fur.nd comtort that a*iways follows the	heretofore	possible.
Garden	Planning.	monwealth, and the natives feel sure	restoration of the normal proves» of dl- |	----- ---------
Planning	the	garden	consists of that differences exit . Melbourne is	ïf Vîmes to*secure Vot water'anTlrav^^
.....*•,h" " "
i. ,h.n pU.nm. .b. wk	I .TÏTfcü
veler. In the American sense, no Aus-
The striped and checked ma-
the same way
IF FOOD DISAGREES | DRINK HOT WATER ;
Musical instruments of
western
types have not yet become popular ir. you van clean them off promptly with
s:

und you work tiie horse lame time. Docs not blister or remove the hair. S2.M per bottle, delivered. Will tell you more if you write. Hook 4 M free. ABSORBING JR„ the antiseptie liniment for mankind, reduces V arivo e Veins, Ruptured
Movkior I.ei»-af«. Fnleffti Chuide. Wtnt. CyifS. AIIsm f a quktir. F»V« SI s»4 U
use
MONEY ORDERS
¦ Solde mi dnffliti er drihrr*4 MmJ* In Uie U. S. A. bf
Of English invention is a new lub
W F VOJNG. F. 0 F.. 516 Lynusi Bidf , Menlrral, Can. iAserbiec sod AW@ib.sr. Jr., sr ease is
than
Minard i Liniment Cures Dandruff

Get any hay that is stacked out
SBEB
\

w
STC-fSl"
i den that the fine art of growing two
I achieved. ^Thîs '"û^^aîîéd* Intensive tr*lian is hu*^in*:||1*11 are ca8y" her waV to the beach for the first cropping, but it ii not nearly ao great *oing. and contented; all are doing time. Her numeric», question* as to
an undertaking a* it would appear to nlUch buli”eslim »" orderly, efficient the ocean, the fish, ship*, sailers, etc., be For Instance the space-set apart1 manner* A* places for residence they had embarrassed her mother and
wasaas % ' sM-’res 3i:,.,r,in
where green	been	*r'*k
a crop of late beets may be sown. The radish patch will be used in plenty of . time to fill the space with cabbage -plants, which may be grown in the meantime from seed in a very small j corner of the plot. Cauliflower, too, or celery, may occupy the same space , that has grown spinach or the like. If ! early potatoes are grown they will be dug before It Is too late to replant th< space in late beans, beets, cabbage
z
A little girl five years old was on
y
l'iÛpfRl*1
B
i
z:

;
7.VJ:
Have You Ever
Suspected
we
were to lake a steamer, and as we glided along very near the shore for a short distance we could plainly hear the swish of the waves. The little girl turned from the window with a beaming face.
“Listen!” she exclaimed, “I think I hear the fishes!”
Don’t Rub It On
Bruises or Sore Muscles
loan’s Liniment quickly penetrates and soothes twi:h<m( rubbing. Cleaner than rr.ussy plasters or ointments, does not stain the skin.
Hive a bottle bendy for emergent?, rheumatic schcs sod pains, neuralgia, lumbago, gout, strains, sprains and lame beck, yield to Sloan s Liniment,
At nil druggists, 25c. 50c. nnd *1.00.
1
O #
that the cause of various annoying daily
WITH THE FINGERS !
S
ills might lie in cup of tea or
GUARANTEED
the
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT WITHOUT ANY PAIN
coffee ?
A sure and easy way out of tea and coffee troubles 1» to shift to
The guarantee of a Dominion wide in
dustry hacks
à
a

O
EUREKA HARNESS Oil
!	No Peace for Him
Wiliie was out walking with his mother when she thought she saw a boy on the other side of the street making faces at her darling.
“Willie,” asked mother, “is that horrid boy making faces at you?”
“He is,” replied Willie, giving his
,,	...	.	. coat a tug. “Now, mother, don't start
every corn or callus without pam or	ulk _you ju.t hold my coat |
soreness or the danger of infection	1
This new drug is an ether

Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or any kind of a com can shortly be lifted right out with the fingers if you will apply on the corn a few drops of freeeone, says a Cincinnati authority. I At little cost one can get a small bottle of freexone at any drug store, which will positively rid one’s feet of

etc

Instant
Postum
If makriâl Mark le* ther Marker, wffer


Including All
Sloans
Liniment
wear longer

Anne had been frequently reprimanded by the heads of her family for her too great eagerness to begin her dinner before grace had keen said. It came, however, as a shock to all present when her eldest brother, on whom devolved the duty of asking a blessing, took upon himself to administer a gentle reproof, as follows:
“For what we are about to receive, and for what Anne ham already eaten,
Dealers everywhere
THE IMFiniU. OIL
<X>NCANV. Li* 1 red
There’s no caffeine nor anything harmful in this delightful, pure food-drink —just the nourishing goodness of wheat.
Postum has put thousands of former tea and coffee drinkers on the
Road to Wellville.
“There's a Reason*
T
• 1
for about five minutes."
K/L LS PA in
pound, end dries the moment it is mp	I
plied and does not inflame or even ir- The banyan of India, an oranmental ritate the surrounding tissue JustI Mg. throws out aerial roota from the, think! You can lift off your corns an.l branches; these reach the soil, take calluses now without a bit of pain or root, and form new trunks, and even
If your druggist hasn’t tuaily become almost a forest of I freerone he can easily get a small bot. sometime* thousands of trunks, rov-
tk for you from hi» wholesale drug erin* mtn>' ecree of ground and som.
of them 1A feet in diameter.
H
FOB
PINK EYE

K

n truly thankful."
o

8

i we* ih# *1 Mould gi x #n «• •>fh#re. Beet k
With hut a slight increase in mime, watch ha* been provided with a y battery and electric lamp ao that can be read at night.

hrwod raaree and all Bh 1 niggle*» Beet
» *
-er# re Maid b

BG

• end



VIC DIC AX. CO
ISSUE 12—'17
ED. 7.
» - Imm
V • A.
t
###PAGE###8###

Start Y our Hotbed N o w
Tie Simile Boot aol Sloe Stole
f
An Early Start means Greater Growth and Greater Yield
For the home garden all that is needed is a little composte or stable manure six to eight Indies in depth with about the same depth of good soil. Build your bed with a southernly exposure and cover over with an old window, bggg^ggagggl^g^ggrhc result will be well matured plants
at the time you would otherwise be planting the seed. A few hotbed special -ties worth while planting are:
McDonald’* Everbeat Summer Cabbage
Handsome rounded shape, abort atemmed. rkt.
Parle Golden Yellow Celery.—Self-blanching, thick, aolid, heavy ribbed stocka. Crisp and free from strings. Rkt. 20c.
McDonald's "Rarfacta" Forcing White Spin* Cucumber. —Particularly deairable for it* handsome appearance. Uniform in shape aid dark green color. Rkt. 10c.
Big Boston Lettude. — Popular with sard hecauwe of Its large saleable heads, rkt.
(>«. 20c.
Grand Rapide Lettuce. -The market gardener's favorite. A handsome hunch cf curled lr*ev«* not liable to rot and alow to wUL Pkt. Sc. i
Serve
Save
Produce
HOSIERY.

lit Women’s we have
Best Quality Cashmere, sizes Si to Id
Plain Wool
" Ribbed Worsted, all Wool Fleece Lined Ribbed Wool Cotton Heavy Weight Boot Silk
5#v. a pah
50
44
• *
4 4
il
* 4
4 il
41
t»ncr« 8c. |

25
4i
4
40
44
4 4
25
4 #
4 #
Os. 20c.
/
50
Crimson Sparkler Radi.h.- Flwh melting white, crkro and tender. Pkt. 5c.; O*. 20c.
Bonny Beet Tomatoes. Kxtra early, scarlet fruitful. Strong grower, bountiful yielder. Splendid for market or norBb garden. Pkt- 5c. ; Ob. 35c.
0^0#"Ac* writing kindly mention thi• paper.
4
& •
In Men’s we have
UOe. a pail*
Best Quality Cashmere
KENNETH McDONALD & SONS, LIMITED
MARKET SQUARE
50
“ light weight

4 4
OTTAWA, ONTARIO
50
Pure Silk White Cashmere Natural Cashmere Fancy Lisle
Pure Wool Ribbed Worsted
VERY ONE CAN do
something for his country
41
E
• e
50
4*
• i
50
44
44
Seed Grain.
10
44
4
50
4 4
4 4
Some can bear arms Some can produce food Some can make munitions Some can give money
It is the privilege of all to help.
C\ CHILDREN’S
“ Little Daisy Mid Best Quality Lisle Boys’ llock Bibbed
Opening the 1st of March, we will be in a position
at the Elevator to supply
all kinds of Grain, fit for Seed.
Wc have installed A CLIPPER CLEANER,
one of the best on the market, specially designed for the Cleaning of Seed Grain of all kinds.
Cleaning- done at 10c. per 100 lbs.
Highest Prices paid for all kiqds of Grains.
35c. a pair
Little 1 l u ting "
% •
25
25
Give our stock a look through before buying, know our prices and quality are right.
as
XTOU CAN SERVE by
% Fighting—Working Saving—Giving
This is NATIONAL SERVICE
Are YOU doing your part ?
ALL EYES turn now to the Canadian Farmer, for he can render the Empire SPECIAL SERVICE in this sternest year of the war.
we
P. E. SMILEY.
Local and District.
When you want the best value fur joui
. money in
ArmivTMKXT — The Provifieinl
•I. »f
WM. & THE C. F. HODCINS CO.
SHINGLES
Treasurer 1ms appointed Mi Turner to the iiositiou of Issuer ot Motor Vehicle Licenses for this unity. Hereafter local car-owner* will get their “shingles' from Joe.
at $1.65 per M and up
Also Laths. Dry Lumber. Clapboni Flooring Kn<l Matched Hardwood 1 !o ing. Mouldings Doots etc try

Vv
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Notic k We again draw the» attention of contributors to the fact that “Cnnls of Thanks’ anti “Memorial Notices’’ are chargeable at the rate of 50 cents an insertion, money to accompany the copy of s une. In the c*a-e of the last mentioned, one verse, not exceeding ft lines, will lx* inserted. Please keep this in mind.
The roads throughout the country, owing to the mild weather which set in a few days ago, IKirtetl to be in a very bad condition. On Satin day so bad were the roads in some parts, people who made an effort to reach here
by convex Hire.
abandon tlie trip, oudlthid, t lie disappears altogether, the better for public convenience and business generally.
A. F. CAMPBELL,
tox 55
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
VvnPrior, Ont.
But—our farms are badly undermanned—25,000 men are needed on the land.
With Insufficient help, the Man on the Land fights an uphill fight to meet the pressing need for Food.
Milk Drawing Tenders.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
I
Tenders will lie received by the undersigned for drawing milk to the Lily Cheese Factors for season 1917, on the following routes :
Lewis Hodgm>' and Ed. Dagg's. same as 1913.
Clifluid Workman's and McKee s. same
a- mu.
McLnrnon's same as 191(1, and Drapers to include the front road.
Tende:" to state prive per cut.: price per trip ; to lie marked •• t, and in the hands of the Secretary late: t h in April Ut h.
Lowest or any tender not necessarily .
Directoi" will meet 7 u. m . April 10th.
E.T. HUDGINS,
Secretary
a ip
rt
Z^ITY and TOWN
can help.
were forced to In view of this sooner the snow
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
ender r not
Municipal Councils, Churches and Schools, and other organizations, both of men and women, can render National Service by directing all available labour to the Land.
Farmers themselves can exchange labour. School boys can assist.
Were you raised on a farm ? Can you drive a team? Can you handle fork or hoe? If you can’t fight, you can produce. Spend the Summer working on the Farm.
Let every man, woman and child in the Dominion who has access to Land, no matter how small the plot, make it produce Food in 1917.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
I
When Spring fairly opens np it i- said there is going to be great activity in mining development m the neighborhood of the now famous Woods molydvnite ininej north of Quyon, ami nt other ljoint* in Bristol, Clarendon and Thorne, where outcrops of the mineral have been discovered. It tli honed the interest won’t become û fully thought-engrossing as take oar farmers away from looking after what a good many regard the one thing needful this year. This happened in the pioneei settlement near New Liskenrd, Out, when the Cobalt boom was on. and the settlement got a had setback in consequence. Better leave these mining stunts to the oldish codger*, who can me the '•get rich quick" argument as a good excuse for taking a holiday now and then.
A Message to
Mothers and Boys I

PUBLIC NOTICE

Collection of Dog Tax.
t" By-law No. •>, of
«.f the Munieijiftlity of Clarend<>u res|**ct ing the < '• Jits tion A Taxe»* <>ti all dogs owned within the limits of su id Muuicii*dity, ]wblic notice is hereby given that all owners of dog*
i declaration i-Treasurer to the
lit pursuant r ltecorda

'
so
are required to mak« ili. mult : signed See. number of siu li animals owned hy them ; also to |»av the amount of Taxes due on
1 x fore the >th d Xpiil. otherwise they will Ik? liable to the penalties prescribed l»y the By-law a tore-said.
its
We respectfully invite you to come in and look over the beautiful range of
same on m
Boys Clothing-
Dated at Shaw ville the loth day March, 1017.
For Information on any subject relating to the Farm and Garden write:—

we are showing for Easter and Spring, 1917.
Never before has our stock been so complete. We have every style from
Buster Brown’s
up to the very newest in
E. T. HUDGINS,
Set\ Treasurer,
M umH|iality of < Maremhm
INFORMATION BUREAU
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
OTTAWA
L.-Corp. Allen Wounded.
In a recent casualty list the name of Pte. Ernest Geo. Allen, appeared among the wounded. Pte. Allen enlisted with the 77th Battalion, and was transferred | the Montreal Highland regiment. He has been in the trenches for seven months and received his corporal stripe the field. His next of kin i* his wife at Morehead, Qne.
William*. “A Brother Fisherman” by H. C. lladdon, etc*., etc., are all redolent of the out-of-door*. W. J. Taylor. Ltd., Woodstock, Ont., are the publisher*.
DOMINION
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
to
on
MURRELLS
OTTAWA, CANADA.
Pinch Backs
Mr. Charles Stewart and
March g<______________________
i .sister Ella s|ient a few «lays last week visiting Bristol friends.
Misa A. McClure spent Sunday the guest of Mrs. L. A. Smart.
Duffy and Hume, teachers of Starks Corners, s|*nt the week end '	‘~i of Miss McClure at Mr. Smiley's.
Mr. oid Mrs. McGuire were Thursday «t H. B HodginV, X arm. s. IMthbert Cameron and Jack returned from sending the winter months at L Ascension, Que.
Mrs. Storey, of El inside, spent a few days with Mrs. R. Chapman.
I I mL	I III Mr. John Durrell of North Bay, is
value in thoi>eni«nl of its columns, spending s*une time visiting him daugh In rtdditi/ui for the more general ter and other friends at Murrell*, endei there lire “Unies of outdoor, M Crunk shanks of Bristol s^ut a
'tï.ï.ir.Xî.lî, ......................................... '
f,* u"paper and magazine recitals ,r I things pe rtaining to the war. ^ .
Much stories as 4‘Gentleman Jones’ i™	.
hy Jean Stevinson. “The Dwellers * srh«ad «»t horse
t Darkness’ by Win. McMullen, to commence fanning.
The Treacherous Snow/' “King J&iih< and David MIord i of the Big Swamp by F. V. from L Ascension on Saturday.
HON. MARTIN BURRELL. MINISTER
March Rod and Gun.
The March issue of Rod and Gun in Canada, that representative Canadian sportsman’* publication is now on sale on the newstwid".
A glimpse through this issue reveal" the fact that the March i*sue contains much that is of interest to lovers of outdoor life The regular departments, which	.
are a feature of this magazine, and lister I one that is of interest to it* many readers, are as usual well maintained and the devotee of gun, rifle, or rod will find much of interest and
in all sizes and a large assortment of Patterns.
M
Our prices are as low as ever. We are after the Boys’ Clothing Trade of this town and district, and we have spared no pains in collecting the beautiful range we are showing, and we have made the prices right.
All our Boys’ Suits have the Governor Fastener.
Low Prices . .
VI Alt

Met
Are the ruling features of our store, wl\ile the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, Ac.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
’

and I lector Telford left for Tuewiay, via the V. N. H.
I m*
of
ARCHIE DOVER
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
O. W. DALE
burned
Cun»





