###PAGE###1###

O
No. 10, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1917.
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
4
The Bank of Ottawa
Tlje Merchants Ban\ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
EstsblUhed 1864
ESTABLISHED 18:4.
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montaou Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR	E. F. Hibden
GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. Macahow
Capital Paid tTp Rest
$ 4,000,000 4,750,000
National Carbon Co.
Paid up Capital......................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,.............
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada. How can You Help Win the War ?
BY PRODUCING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with uh le a start In the right direction.
Sending money to the Boy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.
Head Office : Ottawa, Canada.
Sating* accumulate st a gratifying rate when a little self-denial Is practice^ and a portion of one* income Is deposited regularly In the
Savings Bank Department
Interest allowed on deposits of 11.00 or more.
*7,000,000 | 7,250,684 108,050,690
e #
Best in the World.
All material and workmanship of the highest standard.
Built for permanent satisfaction, not for mere selling.
BY NOT WASTING
BY SAVING
Fort Coulonoe Branch. Campbell® Bat Branch, Portage du Fort Branch,
•f, A. McLatchie, Manager.
R. Lkubr, Manager.
G. M. Colqvhoun, Acting M gr
It is going to be a hummer, that Sale . of Dover’s. We give what we advertise In accordance with custom, the and nothing but good honest merchand-fltaff of this paper purpose taking | iso and values.
their annual holiday next week, consequently The Equity^vUI not be* issued
office, however, will be attended to by calling next door.
Branches at Shawvllle and Quyon w. F. DRUM
Our Holiday
Manager, Shawvllle
Columbia Ignitor No. 6 40c.
Fresh Stock just received.
Manager, Quyon
arnages
Busmens with the
“ Canada’s Best "
Z1G0WLINC JSTjfjf
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
The marriage of Miss Nellie Coyne, of Portage du Fort, to Mr.
Edward Bouche took place Wednesday morning last.
, , _JIM	. . ..	Father Cotie performed	thel
CjP" Milk patrons art* kindly re-I	mony. The wedding	breakfast
quested to return buttles at once	was served at the "Hotel	Portage.” I	Our instruction	is	individu»!,	and	the
when emptied and oblige hAM	The young couple have	the good Hch001	,8	°Pen	duiing	the	entire	year	;
IloDGINS.	I wishes of everyone.	may therefore start at any time.
J	1 Our rates are f 10 per month ; do not
pay a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available. Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-haul. Typewriting, Penmanship, Spell lug. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular
J. H. SHAW.
Oil
Rev
cere-
1
l
ft
S
OTTAWA, ONT


Has proved Itself to be Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Cl vU Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl ings Advocate.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Eastman’s Ko
Amateur finishing a Imihon, Photo Artist.
PERSONAL MENTION
W. A. HODGINS
daks and su specialty.
x
les
Miss Irene Paul, Bryson, is vieit-
The Rev. F. White, of	| ^kac<1,,ainUuHes iu tvw'1 tllis
conducted the Harvest-Thanksgiving services at St last Sunday.
Miss Boss, of the Academy staff, was in Ottawa Friday and Saturday of last week.
Wednesday night. Oct. 24, gavel Miss Edna Wainman who has I this neighborhood the firat snow- been visiting her cousin, Miss | -storm of the season.	. I Annie Waiuman, returned to hei
The Academy has been closed I	Ottawa Saturday,
for a few days owing to one of the . ï	Ottawa, ai rived
m * n' j	bydipiith eîiî ! J*8?* visiting acquaintances ”in I For Sale - About 35 *or,l« of mixed
town.	wood, dry, at George Stanley s (Jones )
to	JSST isrtiîi n, iss 1
¦Jiw. An. W .W coroe
latter during the past week.	bather# and mothers, it is your dot v | workers for expert office work.	II TTTa swa	a %» T* ^ vvs	a
Missiasv. r«i^Lsas&tte5u*SAtessr	lwe Iortunate ln ùmas a
SSSrS^yjSjSite ft S5k55 î"i hffÆ,fc r "°"	pi»» Ani.t	good stock of Boots
I>agg, mayor of the village.	I town.	I	____ Ier* Demand* Exceed the Number of | || w
Will fa Graduate*
Paul’s Church
SHAWVILLB
D. E. HENRY. President. Cor. Bank and Spark « St*
W,E.Gowling, H.G. W, Braithwait President
Principal
FOR SALE—A quantity of good onions —Apply to Wm. A. Hoixiins, Shawvllle.
EXPERIENCE
vs
EXPERIMENT.
BOOTS
the biggest bargain event of the year
The Austin Homotuakers’ Club,	—---?------
will meet at the home of Mr. K. Meet yonr friends at Dover’s nlack on November W, at <.30 P- m. Sale, November 3rd.
Subjects Care of Clothing—Mrs.
A. S. Elliott ; Reading by Miss	”	^	-
Jennie Elliott ; Moll Call—Saving More Contributions for Smokes steps
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Men’s and Women’s
Boys’ and Girls’.
These Goods were bought several months ago and easily represent a saving of
Deaths
Will!* College
The late Mr. Samuel Young, 139* Sparks Street, entrance between whose death was mentioned in our last issue, leaves to mourn his departure, a sorrowing widow and TlIE Equity acknowledges with grown-up family of three sons and
recovering from his injuries.	—	?----—	ami Ells, of Campbells Hay. The
I	¦_.	.	surviving sisters are—Mrs. Me
Saturday, November 3rd, is Sale Lieut. John Argue, who is now Arthur and Mrs. Deacon, of La-Day at Dover’s. Come and save engaged in forestry operations in chute ; Mrs. Hendry of Renfrew, money ou your winter supplies. England somewhere adjacent to The brother Robert, whose name
the estate of the Duke of ( on- was given last week as a survivor,
"C r,;r ...............J -.«i.--—.
issued an order prohibiting the	of Swine.
Those overdue subscriptions to	*"*	“y *" p&itebfc p^uctîîm	Tol
this paper are not coming in as	__	_ encourage farmers to raise as many
promptly as the needs of the office	w	^	hogs as possible, and to make the
require. Those concerned are re-	“Dont tor Hunters. most money therefrom,	the De-
quested to get bumy At once. The	The “he-rocked-the boat" season l*rtment of Agriculture	at Otta-
moiiey ie required Now.	|h almost over and the “I-didn t	il,MS,e< ' ““?hle„t N'V 22
WÊMËê	flip
==EF--— E|^3=sf5
country oveneee.	Don’t paw * loaded gau for Ie- lf*d by Profewpr O. E.	Day. in su.l.) at Sl.so each.	AddI, to
Special attention is directed to	spection to a fellow hunter, orany- ' charge of the Bacon I i	"I iction	L. A. Smart, R	R. No. 2. Shawvllle.
the large advertisement which ap- one else for that nutter.	( ampaign, I ><»mimon Department
nears on the 4th page of this issue Don’t leave a loaded gun around Agriculture, Mr. K. S. Aecht-—‘Why Canada Needs - More	the house, camp, or any where else.	*Mld, Dominion Animal ILi-hi ml
Money. Thin advt. is of such	Don’t	(whether it	is loaded	or	I g*” and his assistant, Mr. . If.
""" K,,-rd‘	ssis:
have money to loveet-that it IXm t climb over a fence with « perimental work. lay. down the, for SALE-1 ti hp Gawllne Kngtn.
"lakwA	3%‘Jtsi imsshmk:' *¦-
be read carefully as it explain, I eboAing with a dirty gun.	maybe kept under most ciicum---------
SSffiifeSS sSSSSS “ “Efei'SSiS
subject will follow. Watch for | Don t by any chance let the plans, not only a l w g<• pigg \ », uAnofacture Pipe* in their owa i.x aiiuea. ^em,	^	woodson tire.	jbut of a cheap and portable cabin. ] «. T Me Dowel** Sow.Shswvllle Qee. J
;
A position for every Willis Graduate
Brown Optical
t
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
$1.00 a pair on IV|en’s and 50c. on other Boots.
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4982
Near Stanley St
MONTREAL, QUE.
A memorial service will be held
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like framed. Call and see samples. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imison.
Our Men’s Heavy Oil Grain Work Boot at	~
$4.50
is a bargain
FOR Sa LE—A Leicester Rain, pure year*
Brownli;*. 7th K.
I. Shaw ville.
$2.50
$3.00
aSSl
to Norman on, R. R. No.
Woman’s Kip Fall Boots at
18-3
Woman’s Calf Boots at
FOR SALE.—Pure bred Durham Bull Calf. For price and particular* see.
Hhrb. Mitthkm. Shawvllle.
are real snaps.
$2.50
Boys Regular Boots at are nearly a dollar under prsent market price.
Oil Tan Moccasins,
Light and Heavy Rubbers, etc
FOR SALE—A few used Ford* in guar an teed shape cheap. Reaaonable terras, Shawvillz Motor*.
W. A. HODGINS
j
i


###PAGE###2###
Walt street,” Kelly read aloud from the note, signed "Purple Mask.”
“Go back and toll your mistress for me,” said Kelly to Pat’s maid, “that my business is to protect, and I her not to go far with her madness,”
The girl withdrew, leaving Kelly alone •with his chief assistant.
“If she tackles Wall street, the papers will be full of news, that's sure,” said Kelly, while a look of firm resolution brightened his face.
the note was being delivered . to Kelly, the Queen of the Apaches A was speeding away in her automobile to complete important details of her plan to thwart the anarchists. Her chauffeur drove her to one of New York’s suburbs, where an aviation field was located.
There Pat consulted with one of her men, who was employed around the hangars, and arranged, through him, to have an airplane placed at her disposal.
Pat
(&2G
Sfês
\
fel
Old Tea Looks All Right

>
x
PUDDLE
Hàsk
Qp Grace (xtrvcxrd
i
warn
Old tea and fresh tea, poor tea and good tea, all look alike. No wonder a woman often gets a bulk tea she doesn't like.
Red Rose Tea in the sealed package is always fresh, always good, always worth the price on the label.
Kept Good by the Sealed Package
t
While
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
IN
Lesson XV. Canning Vegetables.
It is absolutely necessary that we Blanch and cold dip. include vegetables in our daily diet. Place a silver knife in the jar when The purchasing of cheap or low-grade pouring in the boiling water, canned goods for home consumption is Be positive that the jars, rubbers poor economy. Aside from the danger and lids are sterilized and in good con-of sickness, an inferior article makes dition before using it impossible to have good results To successfully can vegetables, and
had made her arrangements, wh"nJ,0-0.k.ing- ,. . .	in fact.all food product*, these food.
, none too soon, for that very evening' Vegetable,, particularly the sue- muat be completely sterilised
fi! .mimnflnv W Pat .anointed the extra trouble. She rang Kelly on the their original cost.	use the old sectioned time method, that	value o{ H man a„d especially of a At	reached the age of fourteen the chief
EmSS&sm rnsmiam ######
» mm who had been blind- ready and waiting for her to arrive, Select perfectly	fresh and young modern methods have eliminated	all	But sound men grow from sound	well and truly laid, and the election
folded	with his hands securely tied and it took but a few moments to start asparagus. Wash	it carefully to re- this.	children, just as trees grow from	of the building may l»v b>ft a good deal
behind him When questioned by the the engine.	move the sand. Peel the stalks care-1	The Cold-Pack Method	good, straight saplings; horses from to individual taste and scope and caps-
leader, the Apache said:	I When all was in readiness, Pat en-; fully and trim away all the hard and1 This method is nqw in general use in'	0(,	well-bred	foals;	fine,	healthy city.
“I think this is one of Kelly’s men.'tered the machine and dashed away pithy portions. Let it lay in cold	all the large canneries, and is much "tables	from a well-tended,	weli-
We just found him prowling around into the night, at the precise moment water until all the asparagus is pre- preferred because it gives » beautiful, *	, rich-soiled well-watered,
s.es.	Ji$ —,r-vr
scarf that had been bound over the other suburb of New \ ork, and head- blanching and cold dipping.	same results in less time than by other ^re so obvious that it a.most seems the earth, their energy is transform-
man’s eyes was removed.	ed fo the heart of the city.	Blanching—Have a large pot of wn- methods.	; superfluous to enumerate them
r44Why are you prowling around my	(To be continued.)	ter boiling. Place the asparagus in In using this method, the vegetables Yet we let our children grow like warmed
house?1’Pat demanded of the stranger.	“ “ * ~~	this water when it starts boiling and are blanched, cold dipped and then weeds wherever they happen,to be with the warm ground; and the warm-
44Because I have an appointment	MOSQUITOES IN w AH	boil for ten minutes. Remove and packed in sterilized jars, the rubbers blown by the winds of circumstance ing of the lower air gives rise to air
with one of your men. I arranged to	--- cold dip by dropping into a pan of adjusted and the lids partially tighten- the tg of chance. We stand by currents that distribute the heat
l"KSS5Sn'SÏSOT»"" %»,„d**""",h,n’«STS, "	- ——-
ed paper.	as closely as possible. Put a silver Cold dipping of blanched vegetables
At that instant another Apache en- when the l ersians under King knife in the jar to prevent cracking, is necessary to make them firm enough tered the room, and eagerly hailed Sopors were besieging the city of while filling with boiling water. Re- to handle after being martially cooked Pat’s prisoner. The explanation that Nisibus, mosquitoes in vast multitudes move the knife and put the rubber and and also to set the coloring matter so followed disclosed to Pat that the, fell upon them, attacking not only the lid in position. Partially tighten and	that it will not easily dissolve during
man was telling the truth; that he fighting men, but also the elephants then process in hot-water hath for two	the rest of the process,
hail made an appointment meet the en(j k animak. There was nothin* koura after the boiling has started. Be positive that the water is boil-
r. “ £3K
interfered with the appointment. , »L (lt> ^ing thirtby saved tiom coid, store the jars in a cool dry place, ing the time for the process*
Investigation of the plans proved capture and sack.	I Poi.its to remember for successful Remember that no food will spoil
that they were charts that the an- Evidently, then, mosquitoes may results:	that is absolutely sterilized, that bac-
archists had made, in contemplation play an important part in war. Moses,1 The asparagus must be young and tcria, spores and germs are exceed-of their air-raid on New Ï ork. The apparently, did not think to inflict a fresh.	ingly hard to kill and that only long
Apache had made a friend of the an-	pjagUe 0f mosquitoes on the Egyp-1 Wash carefully to remove any sand,	and careful	cooking	will accomplish
archist, and had	secured his promise	tiang| but thig m have been because	Peel wd remove the pithy parts. I	this. ,_	'I
aIuaily;.
ments thus far. Pat ordered the man ancient days (according to Herodotus)
to be again blindfolded and led from the rich folk of Egypt, to get away|	Meatless Days.	'salt, two cupfuls of buttermilk, one
the room into the	open, with liberty to	fjom mosquitoes, were driven to the	The dinners suggested below will	round teaspoonful of	soda.	Sift the
proceed at will.	.lust then Pat was	expedient of building tall towers, on	be helpful in following the advice	^our into a	Wiwl>mdd the	graham
treated to a surprise.	the tops of which they could sleep in given by the government on the con- your, sugar and salt. Stir the soda
When Pat s men led their prisoner cp	nervation of food	m the buttermilk until it foams, then
SÎS-j&g&S
While they were taking their captive the third story of an ordinary home, nutritious.	Prune jelly: One pound of prunes,
^¦across the lawn, Phil Kelly and his( One might imagine, then, that the oc-	„n	half cupful of sugar, half box of gela-
ipüsspîspp wmm
Disregarding the fate of the blind- does ascend* from floor to floor as	- .	through a colander. Soak the gela-
folded captive, once the Apac hes had readily as you or I.	Cream of celery soup with croutons tine in cold water for half an hour,
been effectually disposed of, Kelly and Thus it happens that in apartment Dried lima beans Buttered carrots pour over it the boiling water, then his man made haste to enter the house, houses mosquitoes may climb to the	Brown Betty	add it and the sugar to the prunes.
They hurried up the runway and dis- twe|fg, or the aixteenth story. Eleva-1	.- * pour the mixture into a mold and
the hall, and covered the Apaches and Some of those that arrive nt the top	°°
WBjj *f	source of mosquito supply for flat
One by one the Apaches lined them- houses.	I	Rice and nut croquettes
* selves against the wall. While one Others, on reaching various floors, Scalloped tomatoes, of Kelly’s men searched them for fire-	whether by the stairs or by the con-	Ripe	olives
arms, Pat moved to the farther end	venience of the elevator, fly over the floating island	Nuts, raisins
, id
P "You men come to this end of the water in such tanka, remaining undis- v My am a,’P ‘'mâvonneise dressing
sa-’	: h- - «»>«—*
I go after the girl, was his supple-	yield an enormous crop of mosquitoes
mental order when his men had	a continuous and inexhausti-
reBut before Kelly could move to b’e supply for the torture of the stay, make good his purpose, the floor nt-homes in the warm season, dropped from under the three detectives, and they were once more tpped in the same hole where they
d before nearly lost their lives. Pat The Palling I>eaf Has Yielded Ils
Sl’f/.T1 .UTZ.	n°°r	SUm‘ I HUNGRY BELGIAN CHILDREN. | plrti „,h », nrol th„, lh„,
Kelly was wild with rage when he The leaves which are now falling off	- need must have it
recovered his reath knocked out of and carpeting the lanes and coppices yooé (>n|y r„iven Those Actually in “Yes, it is so,” she said sadly. “We
ESSIS SeÈ-ss
ty reach the flooring.	into •" indigo tinge. The reason is	related by Mr. Hoover, lately chair-	ua, sijrng of 8Urvation must stand	'
But for this circumstance, Pat would	that the leaf was filled with starch,	man of the Belgian Relief Commis-	agide for those who do.”
have had Kelly and his men	securely	and the idoine has revealed its pre-	sion, now U.8. hood Controller. Mr	The scene thus described, which is	~
trapped.	sence by a slight chemical change.	Hoover told of seeing 1,200 children	now being repeated all over Belgium,
Meanwhile, Pat and her men, secure Leaves make starch for their plants lined up m a district of Brussels wait- explains why Mr. Hoover is making
2	-, asa %%%% x - yea rasstiyiai
thair clans. The men Pat had dele- x But while the leaf contains starches, py in tHp hope of getting something
gated to assist her proceeded on their proteids, and sugar necessary for the to eat as they stood with their tickets	"	+	^
various missions.	j plant’s life, it also contains a sub- In their hands.	—^
The Apaches spread out and were stance known to the chemist as chloro- Suddenly Mr. Hoover saw one of the	es*
soon in communication with the an- phyll green. Chlorophyll gives to the Belgian women who was working with History knows two Germanism, archists. Believing in the »upposed |eaf jte w|tr||)| tint, and on the pre- the commission step over to the line There is e Germany which ie very
a tors trave valuable information^ all *ence this tint« in the summer and drag a child out of it. The child dear to the descendants of the sons of of which was reported to Pat in time fields, the life of a man depends.	screamed and fought to get back into the fatherland, and they may be found
to be useful.	Chlorophyll green is the only sub- the line, but the woman kindly, hot in every country on earth-hosts of
Some time after Kelly had disap stance which can break up rocks and firmly, forced it to one side. This was them in our own. It is a Germany


Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.

d tea
§2 t

All
ture
ed into heat, by which the ground is
Air is warmed by contact
as
»
y

For Nursery lise
i
ï 1
In
you cannot take chances on Soap. Four generations of Canadians have enjoyed the creamy, fragrant akin healing father of Baby’s Own Soap— the Standard In Canada for nursery use, on account of its known purity.
Baby’s Own la Beat for Baby—Best for You.
ALBERT SOAPS, LIMITED, Mir», • MONTREAL.
m
1
X

* ft A

MS*

Serve with
cream.
“Potatoes O’Brien”; Six raw potatoes, one pint of milk, two tablespoonfuls of flour, butter the size of an egg, one teaspotnful of salt, one-quarter teaspoon!ul of pepper, one chopped green pepper, half cupful of grated cheese. Peel and cut the potatoes into dice, mix them with the chopped green pepper and put them into a greased fireoroof dish. Add the milk gradually to the flour, then add the salt, pepper and butter and pour over the pota-Sprinkle the cheese over the Bake in a moderate oven for Serve hot.
Repels Colds. Chills, and Influenza

brown bread,
OUR SERVICE AVAILABLE
EVERYWHERE
toes.
Potatoes O’Brien
top
Nut bread
one hour
Caramel sweet potatoes: Boil, without paring, six sweet potatoes, until pieces one-third of an inch thick. Lay tender. Peel, slice lengthwise in in a buttered baking-dish, sprinkling each layer with melted butter and brown or white sugar. Scatter one dozen cloves through the dish. Bake slowly until well browned on top inclined to brown or stick too*much the bottom, add a dash of hot water
No matter where you lire PARKER Service is right at your door. Wherever the postman or the express company go we can collect and deliver whatever you want cleaned or dyed.
Our service to distant customers is carefully handled '•o that goods are insured of safety in transit
The excellence of our work has built up the largest dyeing and cleaning business in Canada and is known
Cream of spinach soup Caramel sweet potatoes, Stewer corn,
Rolls
v Apple pie	Cheese
Graham bread : One cupful of flour, two cupfuls of graham flour, half teacupful of Sugar, half teaspoonful of
?
If
Almost any article can be cleaned by one process or another, brought back to a freshness that will surprise you—or made new by dyeing.
AUTUMN COLORS
on
t rs
ha


of PARKER’S
PARKER’S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
791 YONGE ST.
TORONTO
*1* ’rwiArs" the 'polish
it
t't


peered through the trap, Pat sent one	stones, converting them into	starches	followed by other women doing	the	that in the past has appealed to	the
of her men to release the detectives.	arMfsugars.	same thing, which was always accom-	affection and the admiration of	peo-
Her investigator renortad that the This is where autumn begihs its panied by the screaming of the child, pies of other tongues and other lands rVpLfTha wirr* beautiful fJ',	extraordinary work. If the chloro-1	Tussled, Mr. Hoover questioned	one	It la a Germany of love and romance,
indicated that she was neither sur-	phyM contained in the plants	were to	of the women workers about it.	of poetry and song, of music, of	art,
prised nor disappointed.	perish with the “fall of the leaf/’	“They are of normal weight/'	she	and of literature, the Germany of	folk
Shortly afterward a	girl left the	there	would be an end to	the vegetable	said, and cannot have a meal to-day	love, folk	lore and folk life. It la a
House of Mystery with	a note ad	kingdom, and “man the	biped” would	They must wait until their weight ie	Germany	that exists to-day only in
dressed to the Snhinx When Pat’s aifi0 disappear!	reduced before we can supply them the hearts of those who love what It
. - ,f>rrlvgd at Kelly » head Long before the leaf falls the chloro- with food. This may be perhaps one has been. It is a Germany that has KThET a Dart m r nt " "	*	” U	phyll	la yielded up to the	parent stem,	or two or three days. Only those who	been transformed by a despotism that
“You have ac cleverly escaped I	â**° starch and the	proteids, and	are under weight and are actually	has filled	the world with terror—a
m \	I challenge the denuded foliage gives as our au-! starving to death under our eyes may Germany of the clanking sabres and
SHOE POLISHES
10* -SLACK-WHITE-TAN- |Q*
F. F. Dailey Cn. of Canada. Ltd,
?I* ? ? II* U*
Ml ill* V
congratulate you. !¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ you to interfere with my plana to save tumn tints.
I
- the iron heel.








	
###PAGE###3###
*

GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
You may be deceived
some day by aa Imitation o!
QS

s
nd
By John B. Huber, M.A., M U.
Dr. Huber will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If r°*t question la of general Interest It will be answered through these columns , ot. It wlU be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope is en eloeed. Dr. Haber will not prescribe for individual cases or make dia Address Dr. John B. Huber, care of Wilson Publishing Co , 73 West Adelaide
8t„ Toronto.
f tj A V
M l 3

If n
By Agronomist
t
Early to bed and early to rise—but you can't if you're a doctor.
IMPETIGO I N A BABY.
My baby of 9 months has blisters fault would seem to be not within in the face from which a great deal the eye itself but with one or more of matter runs.	of the six muscles by which the
Answer—This would seem to be various movements of the eyeball are impetigo, an inflammation that gen- controlled. By operation on the mus-erally settles around the mouth and cles at fault and by the right use o nose of infants and school children, prisms in spectacles this malady Sometimes it is not, but generally it should be cured; and then your ner-ls, "catching.” There are pea to vousness will no doubt also become a finger nail sized, blistery eruptions thing of the past. Iritis is an inflam-that within a few days dry into straw mation of the iris, that doughnut colored, flat and wafer like crusts. The I shaped part of the eye which gives to
child is likely to be peevish the crusts fall off, the surface beneath j violet
Is red as if from a burn. There is no nut is the pupil of the eye scarring. Poor and ill nourished children and those having digestive dis-, , am g6 yearg of age turbasces suffer most. The trouble more years j have been a great suf-iB curable within a few days. The«ferer (nights especially) from extreme salve known to druggists as, Lassar drynegg of the throat, tongue and Paste should be constantly applied. mouth caUfled by the inaction of the The contagious variety may be carried ga|jvary giands. from one part of the body to another Answer—There may be some by scratching. As the disease is, tarrh of the nose and throat by which however, not very itchy, children are you are compelled during sleep to keep not much tempted to use their finger your mouth open. This your excel-nails. That makes the difference be- physician would do much for. tween this trouble and eczema, which Havc the kidney excretion examined, is always itchy.	The cause may here be found—pos-
sibly a mild form of diabetes or kidney ailment. Dry mouth (Xerostomia) may Iso be due to nervousness or For about 6 years I have had ner- some strong emotion. Sometimes the vous breakdown the result of eye fault lies in substances inhaled or tak-
My eyes crossed but havej en with food; sometimes gas on the
frequently naled, es-
B114
and possibly you will not detect this imitation until the tea-pot reveals it. Demand always the genuine “Salada" In the sealed aluminum packet, and see that you get it. il you waât that unique flavour ol fresh, clean leave# properly prepared and packed.
Will be mailed to you Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St. W., Toronto
answer
t
SELECTING SEED POTATOES	1
Will potato p,rings reproduce p«ta-1 near the average for the variety a#
toes? In this day of conservation,) possible In the long run, the ave
some truths are being impressed which age will holdjts own where the dwarfs
would never have dawned had it not and giants are both overthrown.
been for the agitation which was kept A man said to me thh other day . l
up this spring and through the sum- would rather have the poor bull in a
mer. To-day, I saw potatoes dug from family of good cattle than g
tie hill where only eye* were planted, hull in the family of poor cattle. I
in many cases, as high as five market-, believe that the first one would stand
able tubers being produced from a far greater chance of transmittlng the
single hill. In like manner, a large desirable qualities of his family. lbe
number of potatoes were produced same identical reasoning^ oug
from hills where only cones were hold with potatoes. Better o P
planted, each cone containing an eye the poor potato among a hill or goon
and as much of the potato as would be ones than the good potato among a
secured by removing the eye with a hill of poor ones.
pen-knife	In these busy times, one is likely to
mm
not carefully selected.	Hill selection has been known to in-
crease the yield of potatoes as high as ten bushels per acre when kept up for
otatoes at one m extra seed
MOTHER-WISDOM
To Teach Children Obedience Is to Be Able to Protect Them.
By Helen Johnson Keyes ami John M. Keyes, M.D.
When j the eye its color—brown or gray or
The hole within this dough-
Obedience is a necessary tool in the hands of parents they can not preserve their children against dangers because the children ace too young to understand those dangers and save themselves. Obedience should begin at birth when the baby is taught to nurse at the hours appointed for him, to sleep when he is laid down without rocking and coaxing and to endure washcloth and soapsuds.
and desires stretch up toward grownup ways while their powers and judgments remains young and unreliable. More than ever then, mothers must be careful not to say "do” and "don't” more often than is necessary. They may even allow their children to run some risk of trifling hurts in order that they may learn by experience. These risks, however, should have to do only with the child himself; when the happiness of the family or neighbors is in the balance, the child must be controlled by the wisdom of older heads. He must learn definitely that nobody can risk the well-being of others for the sake of pleasure for him-
Dry Mouth
Without it
For 3 or
ca
As he grows older and gains power to disobey it is necessary sometimes to punish him for doing so or for being slow in his obedience. It is almost as important, for the sake of safety, that a child should obey quickly as that he should obey at all. Unless he comes quickly when he is called, the horse may run over him; unless he lets go of the knife at once when told to do so, he may be cut. Danger usually approaches swiftly.
There is nothing which develops the habit of disobedience more surely than a mother's giving commands which she does not insist on having carried That makes a child disobedient much faster than giving him no commands. I was very proud one day because of a conversation I overheard between my small daughter and a playmate. Said my little girl:
"Can you tease your mother into changing her mind after she has told you you mustn't ??
"Of course!” answered the little comrade, quite as a matter of course, to which my child replied with con-
QUE8TIONS AND ANSWERS
Eye Strain.
self
We are prone to run to extremes on various ideas and do not stop to see
whithe we arc tending with the thing tWQ R an(1	n0t
we push. Some growers plant large	bushel, the
potatoeu and exce. t to keep up the guaranteed would go quite a ways to-vitality of the seed. Such a procedure, ward during a large supply of pota-of course, depletes the natural resources of the plants and results in no
Continual breeding from
If the mother has always held the love, respect and confidence of her child, as he grows older he will continue tqjtield to her without very frequent rebellion. She will reap what she sowed in the preceding years.
If, on the other hand, she gave orders and did not insist on his obeying them, he will escape her control when he is old enough to hold the power to do so; if she filled his childhood days with unnecessary "do's” and "don't'#,” he will have made up his mind that there is no sense in her commands and that his advancement depends not on obeying them but on disobeying them.
The period is short when we can protect our children against hurts and evils; soon they must defend themselves. From the beginning, therefore, we must have this idea in view. We must train the will power and the reasoning power of our boys and girls along with their habit of obedience. The days should not be so full of rules and duties and tasks that no time is left for children to make their own decisions and choose their own emit they are not early
strain
•straightened through wearing glasses. 1 stomach is a reason. Very If I cover the affected eye and read excessively dry air is in with the other my head pain ceases or pecially when sleeping in a room heat
in the eye which it seems to be impos-j be removed by placing a veasel of wa-sible to control and of course this ter upon the radiators. I must corn-takes a lot of strength out of me, pliment you on the beautifully written makes me despondent and hinders my letter sent .me by a lady eighty-six getting better. I have asked my doc- years young WÊÊÊIflÊÊ tor to take out the affected eye but he Wendell Holmes said of himself on his will not. Do you think this is iritis? eightieth birthday, that he was and Answer—Your doctor is right. The felt “eighty years young."
At times there is movement ed by hot air radiators; this cause may
toes. x
If one continues to plant small seed
.....	.	. each year, ho multiplies small ones,
large and overgrown individuals in- For ingtance> here are two hills, one
evitably results in retrogression for with ging,e gmall potato and the
the variety.	%	| other with Tour. By using this seed,
I AgainKthere are those who planted the unprolmc hill is multiplied by real small potatoes this year and they four while the prolific hill is multiplied are this fall gratified with the results. yy only one. The same thing may go It will result in that they will continue on another year and the poor hill-4s to plant the small potatoes and the multiplied’by sixteen while the other course of a few years will see these again multiplied by one, until in varieties running out from the same four or five years a new kind of pota-cause. Rcprouction ffom the dwarfs must be imported of a plant will eventually result in Practical results show that it pays dwarfs; in other words, running out. j and pays well, to select potatoes from
Select for seed from those ing that we pursue in other matters,1 hills where there are the largest num-we would be forced to conclude that to ber of potatoes and all of them mar-keep the potatoes from running out, it ketable. The hill unit is the only satis necessary to plant each year speci- is factory unit for the improvement of mens or parts of specimens that are as potatoes.
potatoes
y
out
That is what Oliver
7x1
grow old and still be truly myself— and it's such a comfort."
“Seems to me," said Caroline, “your old ladies have done more for you than you for them."
“Of course they have!” cried Jose-“Grandmothers are important,
HER COMPOSITE
GRANDMOTHER
“Being on the distribution com mittee of the Old Ladies' Fund has ; phine upset some of my long-eherished everyone admits, and I ve come to reideas," remarked Josephine thought- cognlxe that one of a grandmother s
“I used to have it all planned chief jobs is to make old age seem pos ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦sible to her granddaughters. I m s
poor, grandmotherless girl, Caroline but my old ladies, bless them, have become my composite grandmother!”
If we follow the same line of reason-, the field
viction:
“Well, I can't."
The necessity for insisting on the orders we give, makes it very important that the orders should be wise and just. How easy it is to be unwise
__ I..............,
reality educating himself, .ending We are justly proud that our coun- silver-haired saints, I suppose, and Hogs are the quickegt and targest
himself to school.	try has no peasant class as Europe has	when they 1 FiTTsS Ü	meat Producer, in the world.
By touch, the child under six years	and that our farmers are as free as	shattered. Cheer up, Fina. Such is	u jg we„ to remember that the
of age learns muçh about shapes, tex-f our merchants. Let us not forget	life.	youngest pork is	the cheapest pork
lures and numbers; and if the delicate ! this in the way we bring up our chil-	"The nice old ladies, most of	them,	|md that the fatte9t hogs are the most
power in the tips of his fingers is not dren. We are training them for lives are even nicer at close range,” dis- expensive Glandera is an Infectious disease allowed to develop at this early age,1 of independence, not to be the servants rented Josephine, “and the more dear of 8tating two facts that should be uffectinir horses and sometimes at- by his seventh year it will lose its of employers. Country life needs lead- and queer and human and unsamtly constantly kept in mind by the feeder j* . Jr q { th avmDtoms is	keenness. ^	era. Farm women will perform for	they are the better I like them. It	of hogg viz .
the formation of ulcers in the nose and	By rolling on. the floor in his un-	their country one of the greatest ser-	iBn't that. They're more likable than L The older	the hog	the more feed
a discharge mixed with blood, but gainly fashion he gives himself his vices which could be performed if they \ expected, not less; but they re so it takes to make a pound of gain, without an offensive odor, from the first military training! Physical train- bring up their sons and daughters so different from one another, and they 2. The longer the feeding period n « -Thp elands under the iaw of-	ing is now being made a part of public	that they become leaders in that larger	take life—the remainder of it—so dif-	the more feed it takes to	make a pound
,	.	.	ten swellh Swellings often occur on	school work and is the first grade in	life which has dawned for the	ferently from what I expected. To	of gain
In planning for the wintering of . ulcers sometimes form on the military preparation.	| Canadian farm. This will not bv ac- begin with, as they take it,jt isn't just The above fact, have been repeat-
the entire flock of the farm, or poul- , .	. • t a dull and By cutting paper—a great delight complished unless we teach them to a remainder—it's life; and they live it edjy proven hy experiment stations
try ' establishment, a distinction be-	. horse loses flesh.	to every little child—he teaches him- think, plan, invent, imagine, as well day by day, and most of them pretty and by expert feeders; hence the farm
' tween the layers and breeders must be	iWhunraa from the nose con- self skill with his sçissora and the as to obey. .	j vividly, too, with all sorts of varied in- er 8hould depend on young hogs for his
made in the matter of feeding. The	which shows how easv power to put his ideas into form; that Each child is a problem by himself, terests. It makes me feel so young market pork. These should be finish
pullets should be fed heavily from	^ irlamiered‘horse to infect is, if he thinks of a bird, he cuts out different from his brothers and sisters. and sifly when I think of what I've ed as rapidly as possible and as soon
now on in preparation for the	laying	1 water:nff trough or	manger.	It also	something a little like a bird, which he	One child may be too self-willed and	always supposed it meant to be old!	ag tkey *il| command a good price
season, while the old hens may	be fed	the	care ^at needs	calls a bird and with which he plays,	need much discipline in obedience; he:	“Honestly, I’ve always taken it for	rushed to the market,
sparingly. Exercise is necessary to	»	exercised	when	glanders	is in a These acts are the self-education of	may be a dreamer and need the tram-	granted that old people lived mostly	It seldom pays to prolong the feed
maintain the health of any bird and	_munitv	in order	to keep	well	children; let us understand that and	ing of many hard, regular tasks. An-	-n the pagt remembering the life that	ing period far into the winter. Pork
especially of those receiving a heavy	*	k^ming	infected.	hold back oar “don't'»," even though	other child may obey too e*8l|y"-for	wa8 over; or in the future, piously	made at this	time is easily for three
ration so,	to	enforce	this,	the	grain	H	thut	come	from a distance,	the play may annoy us. this also is possible, may lack decision	anticipating another life to come. I	reasons,—the two	stated above, and
supply should	be fed	in	a deep	litter,	,	h	‘	ht	yy	j,or8e	traders!	We mothers must learn, then, to in- and the wish and power to assume re-	never jmag,ned them to be all	alive,	the third one that	hogs cannot lay or
night and morning. A mash consist-	or -ip,:eg sometimes are sist on obedience when we ask it but sponaibility. This second child al* awake and interested, here and now, fat rapidly in cold weather. This is
ing of bran or middlings, cornmeal, j” .	\ spread the contagion also we must learn to let the child though sweet and lovable, has far 1 ess jn the happenings of every day and the because it takes so much feed to keep
and a little beef scrap may be kept	1 no cure for glanders and alone much of the time.	promise in him than his stubborn	of the big world. But they are,^he animals warm,
before the pullets with advantage, but	so contagious it has been found As our boys and girls grow be- brother. He must be forced to de- lotg of them; even the feeble ones; It is usually the wisest plan to fat-
should only be offered at intervals to	. *	kjll	gjandered	horses.	The	yond little childhood, they begin to dis-	ride for himself and released as far	§ven women whose lives have been	ten hogs as	rapidly as possible and
the other birds.	tnAn.r	thev	are k;ned	and destroyed	like control. They want to decide for	as possible from-strict government if	alwayg narrow and monotonous. And;	then dispose	of them before winter
An account should be kept of all	danger of other horses be- themselves what to do and how to do he is to become a strong enough man	fancy myself all in white, sets in. Pork made in this way is the
hüü mm#####!# i
is usually1Fatah "^re'.hoidd tak^j mu.Vrealrfe tha” hi. festo for in-	But^a ^\%'l%re^th2n w' myself up m my"«wnm*d a. aïariï uJ ^oper""methLta
en in handling a giandered horse. The dependence is not naughty >ut jus mus e	.. , worthless if old, selfish idol, and too stupid to *** offending animal take a rope with s
552: zistTz	a k: wa.”1 *
there's one that's fairly fiery over pub- hobble the cow by passing the rope ..	, lie matter», and another that's sweet- around each leg behind the ud.ler, and
si •	t SMiti;
nssiiffi
fully
just what kind of a nice old lady I was going to be, myself, some day; but now—I don't know that my ideas weren’t perfectly absurd!”
I'm not sure

“Nice old ladies not so nice at close suggested Caroline
“You
?”
secure
also a notion of the age at which birds may be expected to begin to produce profitably
The chief aim of the poultry keeper at this time of year is the production of winter eggs and the course followed by many in endeavoring Xo hit the mark is that of excessive feeding —very often without sufficient regard for other items that are of importance. One of the first requirements for success in this direction is the selection of early-hatched pullets and the second is the provision of comfortable winter quarters, while the matter of regularity in feeding should receive as much attention as that of providing à sufficiency of feed without waste.
This is only another way
V
I
.

HIGHEST PRICES PAID
To cure the
For POULTRY, OAME,
EOOe A FEATHERS
Please write for particular*.
If
ruR5

HOWTO
MORE MON
was eaten, and
of the hide leather
for boots was made. '	>*
“And what do we make of the horns?" he queried.
At first all were silent, and then one sharp little boy put up his hand. "Well, my boy?”
."Homaments, sir.'*
POtTMCRMtS YOU
an indication that the feeding opera
Q§heePM&
aKssr-as

I
what it never did seem before
*
Eft
V
/
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
OIAHCE HALL, SHAWVILIE :
THE EQUITY.
o
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 1, 1917.
O. Y. B, LO DG R, No. 804. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. 8.
Ree.-fleey.
0. 0. MvDowkll,
W. M.
Why Canada Needs
More Money
Owe of their recent air raids on England cost the Germans four huge Zeppelin airships. This will doubtless finish the efforts of the big gas-bag» to straffe the old Mother I And.
L. 0. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Edward Dale W.M.
Rru. Honours, Seoy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
H. N. Hoixhns.
W. Cmop. In Com
Hon, W. S. Fielding, who was Minister of Finance in the Laurier administration, is reported to have proclaimed himself a supporter of Union Government, and likely to offer himself for election in that behalf. The big Liberals all seem to be coming in.
Rico. Honor** Com. Scribe,

CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
-
has cost Canada about $700,000,000.
TJP to date the war
Canada has spent in Canada over $400,000,000 on her own account.
Canada has spent in Canada on behalf of Great Britain over $300,000,000.
What Canada spends for Great Britain is really loaned to Great Britain and will be repaid or credited to Canada later on.
Austin - First Tuesday, Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, • • First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday,
of each month.
Second Wednesday
Dr. George Mivhaelas, apjkointed to the German Chancellorship only a short time ago, has Iteen forced to resign by the force of the hostility which all i>olti-cal iArties have arrayed against him. The spirit of unrest in Germany is related to l*» growing daily.
1
A committee of ten members of the new Union Government, has been spirited to deal with all matters connected with the prosecution of the war. Another committee of ten has been named to deal with other questions of vital interest to the country's welfare.
for rent, materials, etc. They must be paid in cash, or its equivalent.
So Canada says to Great Britain:—"I will lend you the money so that you can pay cash to Canada’s producers for what you want.
“I will borrow this money from our own people just as you borrow money from your people.
“I will also borrow from the people of Canada money to pay cash for all the products that Canada, as well as Great Britain, needs in Canada.”
That is Canada's practical, patriotic part in helping to win the war.
Without this credit the Canadian producer could not sell to Great Britain, and without these Canadian products the war would be prolonged.
So it is necessary for Canada to give to Great Britain the credit in order that Canada's own producers, who need amarket, will have one; and in order that Great Britain which needs the products to win the war, will get them.
Great Britain needs so much ready cash to finance her own expenditures at home for herself and for our Allies that she must buy on credit from Canada, and from every other country where she can get credit.
l"
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
—FOR—
Shawvill© and District
TO SKLL FOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Mr. A. K. McLean, member for Halifax in the late Parliament, is the latest leading Liberal to enter the Union Government on the invitation of Sir Hubert
Mr. McLean acted as financial
-o
Splendid list of stock for Kail Planting. 1U17, and Spring Planting. 1918. including many new varieties which we alone control.
Of course Great Britain’s credit is so good that other countries, in order to get her trade, are quite as willing to give her credit as we are in Canada.
—O
Borden
critic for the Opposition, during the late Conservation regime, which is proof that he is a man of more than ordinary
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
Canada wants to help Great Britain not only because Canada wants Britain’s trade but because we are Canada and she is Great Britain—both members of the same great Empire, kin of our kin, our motherland.
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1*37)
ability
Ontario.
Toronto
Party ; nitron age, which was a source of annoyance to mendiera of Parliament generally, cfiecially those supjiorting the Government in office, has been abolished in all the departments at < )ttawa, so Sir Robert Borden announced in a statement given "lit last Wed
meats to the public service will be made «in merit, through the Civil Service Commission, and all supplies needed will be procured through public tenders is one of the greatest reforms ever intro drived in Canada.
Sheriffs < Sales.
For Canada it is both a filial and patriotic duty to supply Great Britain’s needs and remember, her needs are our
PUBLIC NOTICE i* hereby given
that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the reflective time and place mentioned below.
Province of (juvber, |
District of Pontiac, Supkrior Court No. 1059 I
Fieri Facias de Bonis et de Terris
REVEREND J. ORIOENE BEAUDRY, fs uuah, plaintiff ; vs. UOY-THEODORE HAVENS, defendant.
Those immoveables situate in the south range of the township of Grand-Calumet, in the district of Pontiac, and known and designated according to the official plan and in the book of reference for the said township of Grand-Calu-raet under number seven A, and eight (7-A and the said range and town -ship—with all the buildings and appurtenances thereunto belonging.
To be sold at the registrars office for the County of Pontiac, in the village of Bryson, on the TWENTY FIRST day of NOVEMBER, one thousand nine hundred and seventeen, at TEN o’clock in the forenoon.
war
needs. Also it is in Canada’s self-interest to supply those needs and thus keep open a market for our products.
Henceforward all appoint
This
?
?
?
Now, Britain needs our wheat, our cheese, cattle, liogs, and many manufactured articles.
Canada also needs many of these things —between the two it amounts to more than a million dollars a day in cash
And the producers piust be paid in cash.
Neither Canada nor Great Britain could go to a Canadian farmer and buy his wheat or his cattle on credit.
The farmer and all other producers might be ever so willing to give their country credit but they could not do it because they have to pay cash for wages.
*
*
*
A number of divisions of German troops have gone to the relief of the Austrian army on the Isonzo front, with the result that much of the ground won I y the Italians during the past two iths has l»ccn recovered Teutonic drive is regarded as a final effort to conquer one of the strong allied nations in an attempt to bring about a jwaee favorable to the central powers. If the Kaiser accomplishes what he has planned to do regarding Russia and Italy, it is foreshad wed that the “All-Highest will come forward with another ;tiace offer, both subtle and shrewd in its character, alamt Christmas.
Now how does Canada get the money by which both Canada and Britain can pay cash for Canada’s products?
By borrowing it from the people of Canada through the sale of Canada’s Victory Bonds to be offered in November.
That is why Canada’s Victory Bonds are offered to the people—to raise money to help to finish the war.
“Canada must keep her shoulder to the wheel even though it be a chariot of fire,” and the way for Canada to keep her shoulder to the wheel is by buying
This new
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff's Office,
Brjnoit Qu&, 15th October, 1917.
[First publication, 20th October, 1917.]
Will the meeting called for Friday of this week result in a practical solution of the political situation in Pontiac, is the question which, no doubt, is upi»er-most in the minds of a number of electors whose desire to see party lines obliterated till at least this awful world-conflict has ceased. It should not be difficult to emulate in Pontiac the ex-
Canadas Victory Bonds
Synopsis of Canadian No* Westland Regulations
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in |ierson at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Ilutiea—Six month# residence upon and cultivation of land in each Of three years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 per acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three year* after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption liaient as woon a# homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre emp-tionynay take a purchased homestead in rotam districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
ample which other constituencies throughout the country are setting. Ik will mean, however, that electors w ho decide to come and take ;*art in the deliberations of that meeting, if they ex-liect to accomplish anything satisfactory, must leave their old party prejudices behind. This is the only means by which genuine union can be brought about. The biggest men in the two great |*oliti-cal parties, hitherto strongly partisan, and unyielding, have regarded the matter in this light, and have succeeded. And what the leader* of public thought
Next week th's space will tell why Canada raises money
by selling Canada's Victory Bonds
61
and maple, and good, sound, dry pine. Tenders to be received up to one o’clock p. m., November 17th, UH 7.
It was resolved that the Commissioners visit the Schools as follows :	Noe.
1, 2, 3, 4 and 5—Com*. Draper and Harris ; Nos. 9, 12 a, 12-b arid 13— Corara. Laughren and Tracy : Nos. 11 and 14—Comrs. Laughrrn and Wallace; Nos. 7, 8 and lO—Coin*. Harris and
Unk is sound. If any wheat-seller had tercet at five and one half -per cent, jer any doubt of either he would at once annum and as negotiable on the market demand something else.	as the best cheque or the best load of
44 I sold good wheat," he would say, wheat you ever saw ? It s worth eon-411 want something 4s good in ex-fsidseleg. change.’
What made the wheat gond Î The
good farmer behind it. A poor farmer Minutes Clarendon Schools can make good seed into poor wheat.
What make* the paper money good Î Board of School Commissioners of The security of the corporation whose Clarendon met Oct. 2Cth, T917. name it bears. * The sounder the oorpor- Present :	Chairman Draper ; Co*-
alien, the nearer the paper ernes to missioner* Lauahren and Tracy, being as good as the wheat. But even Minutes of last meeting read and a big company may go 44 broke. ’ Back approved on motion of Com*. Tracy of the corporation is a concern whose J and Eanghren guarantee on a piece of paper is better than either. The Hedge of the Dominion of Canada to pay any man money for value received is as wheat and as safe a* the land.
GOOD AS THE WHEAT
41 Good as the wheat is an old have found it necessary to do lor the moUOt about as much the last word in
good, should clearly indicate meaning as 44 Safe as the Bank of Eng
I ho proper course for their followers. land.’ A bag of No. 1 Not t hern, clean
iss a whistle of cockle and foxtail, was a
War Stamps to be Lome* Soon «ymbol of *ure v»lue long before «old
was known in the world. n heat has
The Minister of Finance announces been found in the Pyramids. The
that an issue of war savings stamps is Egyptians just about worshipped wheat.
in the course of preparation. The The Bible calls it com ; eo do the Eng
stamps will be used in connection with li*h. But when we say 44 good as the
a plan to interest those who arc able to wheat we refer to the “bushel of brown,
save only in small amount* in the pur- hard kernels worth by Government fix-
« base of war savings certificates.	ture this year, 62.20. In the memory
common
Wallace.
Motion—Com*. Tracy and liuigh-ren—That the Collection Roll for year ending 30th of June, 1918, be hotnolo as it stands, without change.—
of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of *nploymegt as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain condition*. '
• When Dominion Land* are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol die* who have served o been honora' day priority local Agent s
gated i Carried
_____	I ture this year, $8.80
Special war savings cards will be : of living man when did “good as ÜW
*’ mean more than it does now f A bag of wheat weighing two buabeU and a peck tots up in 1917 to the cards will be taken to the just about the value of a five dollar
gold piece. But of course no man wants gold for hie wheat. All be gets is a cheque made out in his favor on some Unk and signed by the manager of some elevator company or milling con The check is converted into bills deposit. Good wheat ; good *dv asks any question* Be
Motion—Com*. Laughren and Tracy —That the Secretary uree the taxes for the coming 80 days, and at the expira lion of said time, the Secretary notify all in arrears, charging 85 cents for each
Motion—Com*. Laugh ren and Tracy —That the Teachers of Schools 9, 10 and 11 be accepted as caretakers.—Car-
issued with squares upon which the ¦ wheat pe purchased from time to time Never, be placed. When all the squares
lied the
good- a* the Rank of Eng-
rM
iiuy
Motion—Corns#. Tracy and Ijaughren -That the following hills be paid %
pledge of the Dominion of >fiss Wilson, No. 13 School, broom, 65c. Canada to pay is a Canadian Victory W. A Hodgins, bill gate, etc. _
Bond ; better than cheques or bill* Mi* Major, No. 14 School, broom and -AS GOOD AH W HEAT t Suppose chalk, $5 cents.—Carried you change that twenty bags of wheat	Motion—Com*. Laugh ren and Tracy
on your waggon, not into a cheque or —That we advertise for tenders for , ...IB notes or even gold ; but into Canadian firewood for our Sr hook. Hardwood : the company is U K. and the I Victory Bonds of $50 each, bearing la-	sound body wood—beech, birch
post office and exchanged for a war savings certificate. The stamps will lie in the denomination of 25 cents and the cards will contain spaces for 34 of them and one 10-cent postage stamp, making
$8 60 and when filled will be exchanged for a certificate entitling the
holder to ten dollars at the end of three
yean,
one
applying for entry at ! (hut not Hah Agency).
Motion—Com* Tracy and laugh ren That W. J. Harris be anpoin tine No. 12 b woodshed and Boani Nazi meet ember 17th, 1917
The beat
tad to report
In-
10
paper*
to th
W. W.<
Deputy Minister of the Interior. —Unauthorised publication of

N B
M, A McKihlsy,
¦81
paper
this adve


02144159
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
CLASS A II AND OTHERS
Prepare for Winter
4 Weekly Jeereel devote* to loom Interests. FsklUksisfsrr Th«rs4»y
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Scthscriptiok, $1 a Year în Advawci.
gw All arrears must be paid up before \nj paper le discontinued.
YOU are going to the WAlt, we issue Policies on your lives. HUT It must bo secured before enlistment.
WOULD it surprise you to learn that some Life Insurance COMPANIES ARK NOT ISSUING Policies at all to MEN of MILITARY AGE?
Insure today -and be as fortunate as the young man who has already got his protection.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
with Wm. Horsefleld in charge.
Highest Market price paid for all kinds of produce.
Grain, Potatoes, Poultry, Butter,
Eggs, &c.
V
O
advertising rates.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 ceils per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not eiceedlng one Inch 4 a sorted at ffl.OOper year.
Local announcements Inserted at th< rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free-of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
No time like the present to secure necessary Winter Clothing. Our stock offers enviable selection and at real savings. You are welcome to investigate.
The Confederation Life
Association
Bat. 1871.
Cen. Agent.
B. C. ANDERSON

SHAWVILLE. QUE
For the Women and Girls
Winter Goats Underwear Sweaters Hosiery Rubbers Gloves
INSURANCE
WM. HODGINS.
JOB PRINTING.
Shawville, Oct. 22, 1917.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND REST
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
COMPANIES.
TAILORING
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or wrltelor Rates and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Professional Cards.
For Men and Boys
A good assortment of
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
BRECKENRIDOE
DR. A. H. BEERS
Socks H’vy Rubbers Caps Heavy Pants Moccasins
Suits
Overcoats
Underwear
IV|ackinaws
SURGRON DENTIST Campbell» Bay - • Qc*. Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of DloentlalVof Dental Surgery, Quebec.
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
Also a nice stock of
Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves.
For sale a property situated on the noith side of Lang St., being lot No. *0. A good dwelling house, stable, kitchen and well. Very centrally located. For particulars apply to T	MRS E. E .McCUAIG.
Shawville Que
15-4
S. A. MACK A Y
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
For the Home
Flannelette Blankets Wool Blankets
Comforters.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Wood Tenders.
Que.
Wanted, in the hands of the under signed not later than one o’clock, Satur day, j). m., the 17th November, 1917 tenders for the supply of firewood for the Schools of the Township. Hard ! wood—good, sound, body wood—beech, birch and maple. Pine—good, sound, dry pine
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMl'BELLS BAY, QUB.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such tlmt it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec.-Treasuser,
School Mu. of Clarendon
II
Iff
C. F. HODCINS CO. L TD.
li
II
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
Shawville, Oct. 22, 1917
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, AC-
'Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday
elsewhere.


a
I
4 'j
f 4* A
<A

m
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.

rVf.
Ifl!
I


i
A > v 3datei Barrister, ac-
%
j i


SHAWVILLE SASH AHD DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.

7
198 Main St. - Hull.
:•* *
L
1
V
' ft9

—-
I
PHONE BELL
U. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
k




v-'



Manufacturer of and Dealer in
-r,



-T'
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Ulrfr
I
¦A"
K

fci
•ft
iaW
Z7I
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed «.ncsday and Shawville every Saturday.

*r'
i

i JM-k
r
N
M N
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
\

7
%
1
«X '


rzi
Custom Sawing.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST.,
xWlll attend Court* and Business In the
District of Pontiac.


MULL
X X
/
LOOK SUCCESSFUL
- “Solid Gold.^
Commercially speaking, the term “solid gold" Is • misnomer, since such gold has not been used for many, many years. Some of the indent Roman Jewelry and some of that of the renaissance period was. Indeed, made of pure gold, worked op by hand with the
crudest of but since	day#ll|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| |||||||| j
there has been a constantly Increasing you were master of yourself. You will employment of alloys, for the reason believe In your ability to do things, and that Jewelers found thst the harder the you are confident of results, gold was rendered by good alloys the It does not take a keen observer to greater Its wearing qualities and the pick out a successful dealer. If he Is more secure, therefore, was the setting prosperous every step, every move of the gems it contained. Nowadays ment, every look, indicates It There Jewelry la of 18, 14 or 10 carats, ao Is a great deal In assuming the part of cording to the design and character of the character you desire to play In this the article, and It Is much more fra- j drama^of life, qoently 10 than 18 carats.
GEORGE Ei MORENCY
Have Confidence In Yourself and Shew
It In Y*vr Manner^
To be successful you must" look successful. If you will carry yourself with a self confident air It inspires others with the belief in your ability and your success. You get to believe In it yourself. You begin to walk as If
i
Get Behind the Wheel
of a Ford and Drive
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVIVOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of flans. Lines. Boundaries, Ac.
¦ ceouted carefully to the satisfaction of parties.
Hpll.
162 Wellington St. - -
Phono s Queen 5230.	-
fT^RY it just once I Ask your friend to let you “pilot” his car on an I open stretch. You'll like it, and will be surprised how easily the JL Ford is handled and driven.
GEORGE HYNES
If you have never felt the thrill of driving your own car, there is something good in store for you. It is vastly different from just riding being a passenger. And especially so if you drive a Ford.
Young boys, girls, women and even grandfathers—thousands of them —
___drmng Ford cars and enjoying it A Ford stops and starts in traffic
with exceptional ease and smoothness, while on country roads and hills its strength and power show to advantage.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Persona 1 a ttention.Open al 1 hours.
There Is notbinr negative about the positive man. He if i success, and. Old Tim. ep.m»g R.f.rm,	l‘k« Hercules, he has conquered the
Centuries ago spelling reformers | moment be looks upon you. This Is published whole works in the "rational personal magnetism. Cultivate It, then spelling” and left an Interested or on- r®" not need bolstering up. Learn Interested public to take them or leave : to stand alone. Your very alien.-o them, as witness the following, fob- shonld carry power. Learn the value
llsbed in 1586: -AEeops Fable’s in tre of «nerve force.
Orto-graphy with Grammar not*.	confidence la the power to mar
Heryuntoo ar also Jootned the abort *baI all the faculties and unite their ¦ of the wyi Cato Imprinted strength In one mighty cable. It matters not what your talents may be. what your abilities or ambition be. If you are lacking In self confidence
are
UNDERTAKING
Buy A Ford and you will want to be behind “the wheel” constantly.
and EMBALMING
Runabout -	$475
W. J. HAYES
¦ HAWVILLB
MAIN STRICT
Touring • « $495
Coupelet • $ 770
• • $170
with lyk form and order; both of which Aotors ar translated out of Latin In too English. By William Rullokar.”
» (opposite J. H. Shaw a	-
?II calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
J
you can nev
THE UNIVERSAL CAR Sedan
Tp
F. O. B. FORD. ONT.
ry aa
r wed Ammur ? un
It is toGuatavua Adolphus of Sweden. " Entrât, you, f.cUltie.

whose reign began In 1611, that history gives credit for the invention of fixed
good qualities. Carry yourself with a
SHAWVILLE MOTOR COMPANY - Dealers - Shawville.
lets sad the charge
ha» I ta true worth In these two tittle
BSBVS.'Su'sr
MARION £ MAIUON.
Is ell
tom

11
I860 that the first successful metallic

###PAGE###6###
pUt.no ro*™,"Poilus." :pron] £rjjj,g Qreen |s|e
(iroup* of Actors and Singers Cheer Wearied Fighters In France.
ssss™ _iL_ .-IeSeESI
the Rockies that the dog objected to H0B0E8 AUK UNKNOWN. lamaUure. Mrs. Maud Radford War. r it...th8 CTtea !V*d "hin r°Ltl t	- ren recently enjoyed the opportunity
_ .	- transmission cïÆ Cf.it gas- SedUat of	the coyotes .1- M.H.C. Trade School. Are Canada'.	J** wGk.
Makes Pumping Tires Easier. kets oan be placed over these rod».|ways retreated when Scotch gave	Safeguard. Say. Authority	many „there-were giving their Mr-1	au,ntitle. of hay have been
SïkHHiiE^7i„:™*. rEE—r E?-
the garage. This angle makes it Af.er the cover has been replaced a and played, ScoUh meiely	d a|Rrmi<lt who declares that a thread of we|i understood. Their entertainment, * irallantry and the securing of
much easier to pump the tire, and as ^ ia pulled out and a bolt inserted. | them contentedly from afar; but th* vagrancy lies deep In every man. and though in part patriotic or senti-	information, Lieut. C. E.
the board raises the pump, one does thjg procetiure being used for each instant they began to howl sn. y p,	the war turning back into Can- mental, was for the most part gay;	an a thy roan, has been
not have to bend over so far.	^	he raced over and chased them into ^ atre>m, of vetcr.ns who will but in the player, there was a spirit	,he Military Cross.
¦emee
i*8E*B*iElES
¦***¦
army were employed in August, 1916, As he was wont! The firelights dance! j umplmntly inlücùtcn s re*r.	The records show that many men learned that the crabbed caretaker of j jn the recent fitting at Arf&s
at a convalescent camp, and six My boy, my boy! “Somewhere in The lame coyote came rou	who were laborers, teamsters, well- a provincial town hall had acolded a
months later the formal recruiting of I	France!"	*’lll°w clump as usual and threw P digJfers> unskilled helpers in factories, goldier audience for tracking mud
women for this work was initiated.	—Harriet Crocker LeRoy.	ht‘at as “ ° y*	jnRtant	a	etc., have been so trained during their over the floors.
ssress —•— t FEEvFl'^1",^ ssrs--	saptiS
land alone. Women have also taken How To Proceed If Car Balks. leaped out of the widow clmp Mid • ^ meR Rnd artisans.	blonde	lady,	with	crushing mdigna-
over the kitchen service in all the Above all, remove nothing from the £?mt (	f m alme Ke. • Illiterate have learned to read tion. “They could track mud over my
Canadian and Australian hospitals, engine except as directed in test rules. ey f° e< t	b himsolf free an(^ wr*fef an<^ scores have been re- heart if they wanted to.
and women instructors are being ero-l j. Gasoline-Iy tank full? Are {orf	«T	burned to industrial life t* earn sal-	-?-
ployed in the regular army schools of pip68 c!ean. îs carburetor cleanÎ If and.	hv	the vUitînw collie Brie* 1,r*r*r than the> ever onj°yed WHY IS LEAD SHOT ROUND?
cookery. One woman who enrolled carburetor needs adjusting do it. other.	both	dogs fought he, before.	'	-.
TLr&.'sa : •rs-a—*. t.« . .,.,k1 ~j ‘•"—s. “* B"y
camp the daily messing charge was re- taking wire oflf of any plug; hold e p duced within n few weeks from sixty- wjre about one-eighth of an inch five cents a day to thirty-one cents, frvm plug; crank engine with switch and, in addition, a fund of $600 was saved for miscellaneous camp pur- g poses
reduced to eighteen cents a dtfy
PROBLEM OF RETURNED SOLDIER
A DOG’S AMBUSCADE.
m
How He Outwitted the Coyote With
the Aid of an Ally.
FROM IR&
NEWS BY MAIL
laVivs SHORES.
Happening» In the Emerald I»'» ¦*
Interest la Irish-
62

Helpful Hint* to Motorifts
Mn-
garage
Replacing Transmission ( over
engage transmission bags.
But if twelve round wooden sticks
or metal bars three-eighths inch diameter are placed on end, on a wooden box or on a board supported by trestles, so that each rod projects about two inches through a
from one-fourth to
A MOTHER IN ENGLAND
WOMEN COOKS IN ARMY
Suffered Severely From In- Yes, her, we sit beside the fire
The sleek brown head against my
Soldiers
digestible Meals Before Innovation
DEARTH OF TRADES TEACHERS
Vocational Training Work With Vet-
Greatly Hampered.
erans
The backwardness of Canada in taking technical training into her educational system, and war conditions have complicated the work of the vocational training department of the Military , Hospitals Commission in training returned men for civil life from the first,
by falling fropi a great height. But it isn't so. The leaden globules are as perfectly spherical when they start from the tower-top as ' when they strike the water in a well at the bofc-
Not Because They Drop From a Height, Ae Generally Believed.
Springs Not Always Safe.
Don't assume that any spring ia That is one of the greatest
If the
pure
mistakes you can make at spring is welling out from deep sandy soil, the probability is that it is safe, but if it is coming out of a rock or near the surface, it is probably not. Drink by preference out of the open lake, where the dangerous germs which may be present will be well scattered, and where you are not likely to get such a large number of them if they are present.
ors and many of these went overseas with the Canadian forces. Those who holding positions in established institutions do not feel that they can leave their present positions for work which is only temporary.
gw me
Later on, the shot are scooped out j fuel. Hemlock and oak bmrk is used
i	s&inS'S’i s&tisuc.
are
Spark should jump to plug.
Are the batteries run down? The rate at this camp is now Does the vibrator (if any) buzz? Is
. the timer clean? Do timer points make good contact?
* i C. Are any wires loose, burned, wet, broken or short-circuited? Are
on.
“ANOTHER REAPETH."
tom
When Autumn stands,
By a heaped-up wain Let her think of the hands That scattered the grain.
Common salt and water make capital gargle for a sore throat
So successful have been Italian ex- gpark plugs clean anfl the points 1-60 periments with reforestation in Trijfc 0f an inch apart? oli that 50,000 more eucalyptus trees p. Does magneto armature revolve? will be set out this year.	Ig safety spark gap clean? Are in-
Greenland's interior is estimated to terrupter points clean and adjusted be covered by a shield-shaped cap of right? Do all brushes make good snow and ice not less than 6,000 feet contact ? Is distributor clean ? Is dismile in thickness.	tributor rotor loose or making poor
Instead of waiting until Johnny's trousers are worn out at £he knees, baste a square underneath while new. The knee will they wear as long as any part.
Had Spring not sown The living wheat, Then nought had grown For* man to eat

And you whose lot It is to number Life’s sheaves, forget not Those who slumber—
•J
Oh, Adam was a gardener, and God who made him sees That half a proper gardener's work is done upon his knees;
So when your work is finished, you ' can wash your hands and pray For the Glory of the Garden that it may not pass away!
And the Glory of the Garden it shall never pass away
JSsSSsS
with the warm ground; and the warm- gasoline, cause much trouble.
Ing of the lower air gives rise to air Note—To keep a gas engine run currents that distribute the heat ning, cooling and lubrication are through the atmosphere.	I needed.
Who toiled and planted.
Then—fell asleep;
To you 'tis granted The harvest to reap.
—Alexander Louis Fraser
i
Kipling

THERBASoM l DIDN’TSMILE 15 BECAUSE l HA VENT A>H 51 MSI Of HUMOR-
TOM.XooR* DOWN RIGHT i MEAMj- I DOhY BELIEVE XoO LIKE IT, You DK*/r EVEN SMILE I
¥0* DO I
».
I MOST 60 IM AND ASK TON HOW He ,
UKM MX new
OUTFIT V
AU-
if
t
h
».

r

i

i
i
isEE
J
r


i
t


fH
###PAGE###7###

:[guard the children
FROM AUTUMN COLDS
TURIN TO LONDON
IN SEVEN DAYS
per year. To this loss add the man power wasted producing this food and the land necessary to yield the wheat.
One-sixth of an ounce of butter per meal would mean 18,260,000 pounds of butter wasted every year in Canada. This means tons of milk, herds of cows, and a large number of men to produce this wasted butter fat.
These are only a few instances of	may hang on all winter. Baby's Own	1 Let it echo our tread
the possibilities of conservation and	Tablets are mothers' best friend in Whom he led.
the responsibility resting on the indi-	preventing or banishing colds. They	Let us follow as gladly as ever
vldual home ind on the individual,	act as a gentle laxative, keeping tip	We followed who never knew	fear
We have been so accustomed to	bowels and stomach free and sweet,	j
being surrounded by plenty of the An occasional dose will prevent colds Ere he died they had fled, “Captain	Laureati,	of	the Italian	necessaries of life that we are	or if it does come on suddenly the	Yet they heard his last cheer
Air	Service,	flew	on	Monday from	afraid to be seen guarding the	prompt use of the Tablets will quickly	Ring clear—
Turin to London, covering a distance little wastages of food lest of 660 miles without a stop. He car- might be considered small, mean, ried an autograph letter from the mercenary. On the contrary, waste is King of Italy to King George. The; at any time a demonstration of ignor-journey occupied seven hours 22 min- ance, lack of appreciation of value of ute,. #	foods and lack of a knowledge of the
principles of thrift
BETWEEN THE BATTLES.
Boy» and Book». They
will mix all right if the boys are kept mentally alert and physically active with nourishing, easily digested foods. Shredded Wheat Biacuit is the ideal food for youngsters to study on or to play on because it contains the life of the whole wheat grain in a digestible form. The kiddies like It with milk or cream, with sliced bananas or other fruits.
fflLj-ETT'S Lvg
/A4
Let us bury him here Where the maples are red.
He is dead,
And he died thanking God that he fell with the fall
Of the leaf and the year.
The fall Is the most severe season of the year for colds—one day is warm, the next Is wet and cold and the mother Is on her guard the little ones are seized with colds that Where the hillside is sheer
Fee making
SIX 1 HUNDRED AND FIFTY-SIX MILES WITHOUT A STOP. \
uni
Ing water.
mevl
paint
For disinfecting
t
This Achievement Brings Nearer the Fulfilment of Predictions Coning Future of Aircraft.
• lake, eloeete,
draine sndforsoo
tyjc
cure It. The Tablet» are sold by modi- When we lifted him up he
cine dealers or by mall at 25 cents a Would fain harts pursued, but grew box from The Dr. Williams' Medldns Co.* Brockvllle, Ont.
we
Mrs. Casey—Me sister writes me that every bottle in that box we sent her was broken printed, “This side up with care” on
Ca*ey—Oi am, An' for fear they shouldn't see it on the top Oi printed it on the bottom as well.
dizzy instead
Are ye sure yes
wl

Break his sword and his spear!
Let this last prayer be said By the bed
Measure» 7 ft. 10 in. Aero»» When We have made underneath the wet
wind in the maplf trees moaning so drear:
it?
WORLD'S LARGEST BIBLE
“Shortly before tea-time oil Monday, morning paper* from Italy were safety landed at Hounslow," says the
London Times.	,	_ ,	...	.	_ _
“This very remarkable	was	A	Bible 5	in.	high	and	ft*
achieved by Captain Glulio Laureati, The m0Rf fatpful year* In a woman’s # In. across has been ”built” at the	O Lord God, by the red	! Veterans at B.C. University
________WBffimmÈlmÊm^rÊÊmm
iisllljpwmmAWi .«sa™ v
says Ivord Rhondda, “I shall have tfo spent in climbing and landing, was 80 a|gQ weak &nd' rough t. compunction in putting the nation on miles an hour. The Alps were crossed Now eyery woman compulsory ration." This crisply de- at an approximate height of 11,000 fines the spirit of Great Britaiiy Self- feet above sea level, and the Channel restraint and self-sacrifice are the passage occupied no more than a quar-keynotes of the nation's attitude. Men, téf of an hour, women and children are proud to do their part in saving food and in increasing production. In both directions the national effort is sustained at a supremely high pitch.
Baron Rhondda, through the Food


NEW HEALTH FOR WOMEN
Opened—To Be Used in “Crusade."
Mlnard’s Liniment Believes Nenralrla.
Made in Canada.
PLANS FOB FOOD CONTROL
Great Britain'* Food Controller Ieauee
Point Grey for scientific farming land, and i« connection returned soldiers under the direction of the Military Hospitals Commission will be given agricultural training.
Mln&rd'e Liniment Cures Burns. Ete.
I
I¦	B- I .	. It appears that a newly-arrived
red levant morocco, which absorbed batch of German prisoners was being
..... nmvp thA a dosen large goa* skin8‘ Tbe front taken by train from a certain English
...................ism HSU Bfi
.......... SSillel
Administration of the United States wegt wimj wag ^ntrary, and rough strength and with these a new happl-	1 a tattle-truck. See.
and the Food Controller for Canada, an(J tr,ck over the mountains.	nos* and Interet la life.	But sweeter than the breath of balm
has called upon both these countries “The route followed corresponds So if you buffer, avail yourself at Upon the summer breeze, to rise to the occasion. That call generally to that of the railways over once of the splendid home treatment And sweeter than the songs of birds must meet prompt and full response. a grcat t of the journeye and re- which Dr. Williams' Pink Pills eo Among the leafy trees;
Should Canadians fail to emulate fceehmente were carried in a thermos easily afford, aad you will be among Tea, better than the tuneful bass Great Britain, then all the sacrifice,	under the ajrman'8 coat and those who rejoice In regained health, k Of bullfrogs in the pool,
all the devotion of Great Britain's absorbed through a rubber tube like These pWs are sold by all dealers Or happy laugh of barefoot kids people will have gone for naught. It t|) t of a bab .g bottle	In medicine, or may be had by mall at As they go home from school,— |	¦¦
remains for Canadians to make ef- .Although this is the greatest inter- 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 Will be the joy which swells my breast Five dollars coete three cents fective the efforts of the Old Country. nationa] peace flight yet accomplish- by writing the Dr. Williams' Medicine When I go out to look The whole of Baron Rhondda's ed ft cannot compare in the mileage Co., Brockvllle, Ont.	And find potatoes off my vines
message i. significant. That he de- wjth Captain Laureati's recent non-	--»- Quite big enough to cook.
pends upon Canadians is evident. In k^op trjp jn a similar machine from
^Price-fixing must be international, ^veH^M^mîles'betS^n lOJa.m* O'ntario Leads All Canada in Sunday é^/^AVgGraimlatcd EyeUJg,
Intercontinental. This means a read- an(j g p.m., or with the French	School Work.	b	3m»», ômrsnd Wind quickly
justifient of international and inter- Lieutenant Marchai'* flight of 800 The last report received from all the
continental trade relations. bach milea across Germany in July.	province* for presentation at the Yhlin FYEjNoSeartmi.JBitEyeCemUrt they can be replaced immediately with
country must of necessity regard the . "The point of real interest in this International Convention in Chicago,	R-medv At T«w D™sgK» better stock. The temptation of high
others as partners and jefram from achievement is that it brings nearer 1914, showed the Sunday School en-	ST«ÊT&!%= prices or undue fear of high prices of
acting except with reference to them. to UH an the great future which is rollment in Ontario 100,000 more than A*k Marta* Eye Remedy Co., ClUcagee feed mjg]ea(j the owner into the error
Mr. Hoover, Mr. Hanna and I have opening to aircraft for peace pur- all the remaining provinces of Canada	- -	0f selling at this time.
been made responsible for food control poges	combined. What changes have come	A Slanderous Printer
in our respective countries. Food con-, Prophecies Near Fulfilment. in the past three years will be report-, It wasn»t hig fault, $t was the proof-trol in each must be adjusted to the	Montagu of Beaulieu and ed aoon when the total* are a8aembl«d reader’s.' - But the doctor never for-
ends. Our people will have reason to Vear .	bv air between Ion- tics ^ for Presentation at the Pro- Johnson felt the patient's purse and
know that profiteering will be wiped)	F t	, A f vincial Conventions in Chatham and then issued a prescription.” It should
^urastSKBSir-aSilSsscs sratasrrsrss ^ ^,he pi,lmVi >l-"
Comprehensive plans have been de-	flïm/nf Thl	of Sunday Schools will be launched at	You corn-pestered men and won. en
srrsxsttssiR SES55
as-asrisa	^ ^
.trictly regulated. "Unless prices are a"d h‘lnC,°^ !	nn -tlh Thl same to the attention of the individual LINIMENT.	soreneas at once and soon the corn or pimples, redness and roughness, re-
SBü&fjstir z srEsSatHs srsyaas ’”"™ ^ tsrx. SL?r.,i^r | BRStsasm
hacks of the allied governments and luth«to bee» more t t •	will also be considered.	-	A small bottle of freezone cdsts very well as most baby humors. You need
sag mmmwMm	mm
The air raid on London, which fol- f*1'*- and th,s " dumnished by sun- ltltutel tor manure, for the growing te„ blm to ^ a imall bottle for you
~	mJ-H'Svs E-" ==‘,Sî --
^ lcspmg through meang for the upkeep of aoihfertility. _—-
the veins to carry life to every part.
There is nothing quite so good as
spiced apple jelly. To make, pare, core
Where Small Leakage# an(j wa8b the apples, cook until soft	M H mÊÊ I I	I
Might Be Profitably Stopped. and strain. Put into a muslin bag, Mother—Joan, dear, have you been Fit i« estimated that food to the ten sticks of cinnamon bark, eight doing anything to the ink?
mm#
Let us cite a few example* of what | the bag, add sugar and proceed as in	-
making other jelly.	— GIRLS I LEMON JUICE
We require no better demonstration of the unwarranted waste of food on this Continent, especially fats, than the fact that men have become millionaires through the refining of garbages in some of the large cities.
Il
!R
Aircraft For Peace Purpose*
I
ft
THË?
“The man who is afraid of burning up his wick need not hope to brighten world.
\
pauKlT-MAKINO A KWH AND JOB Offlrn» for sale In good Ontario It «ni The most useful and Interesting
Buy your out of town supplies with *f ail businesses. Pull Information ©a
Dominion Express Money Orders. ^^^de^JeBt^^Tn^n^ °°
MONEY ORDERS
During recent years the export of Canadian apples to the British Isles have totaled about 1,500,000 barrels sarnliront, per annum
W
ANT p; D sharpen tool* Write
BLACKSMITH TO also Granite George M. Paul,
THE BANNER PROVINCE
i 1ANCEK. TUMORS LUMPS ETO. V/ Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment Write us before too late. Dr Bellman Medical Co. Limited. Cbillngwood. Ont
Mlnard'e Liniment for sale everywhere
Do not sell breeding animals unless
IT’S VERY EASY TO GET RID OF " SKIN TROUBLES With CUTICURA
u
YES ! LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
r
Cincinnati mart Jells how to dry up a corn or callus so It lifts y off with fingers.
Bathe with
Cuticura
Soap,
dry and apply the
Ointment
?
I
)

munity.” \
It is only with Canada’s unstinted " help that Baron Rhondda's plans can be brought to fruition.
“The world-peril is hot the submarine,” says the British Food Con-7 troller, “but diminishing harvest, and lessening herds.”
CRISIS OF WOMAN'S LIFE
HOW WE WASTE FOOD
The Son! of a Piano b the Action. Inafat on the
“ OTTO HIOELV PIANO ACTION
I
! n*tam ? *
Change Safely Passed by Taking Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound.
g
A
CM
No Need to Rub
Wagoner, Okla.—“I never get tired of praising Lydia E Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound
of life 1
Let ulWW—Pf might be estimated to be a conservative waste in our homes.	.
There la a waste in the nutritive value of potatoes of probably 20 per cent, as a result of peeling them before cooking as well as the loss from peeling. The peelings of potatoes
(not new potatoes) u.ed by an average Obviously tiiej., nothing riwuld go into family of fire, weigh over, half a	“ ‘ .............
Try
i

18 8KIN WHITENER
ML*
pecan
LttTn
and
>
#e rub; it ¦ tratesqukkly and
bed two
How to make a creamy beauty lotion
for a few cents.
or >-¦ rations, but all the doctors and ¦
a bottle bendy for rheumatic peine; neuralgia, beck
The Juice of two freeh lemon#
strained Into a bottle containing three ounces of orchard white makes a whole quarter pint of the most remarkable lemon skin beau tl fier at about
sjrt
ES
and 1 would
the garbage tin that can be used for
i their own cooking say that by the time
they have prepared a meal and it is ready for the table, they are too tired
One way to mitigate this is ?out half an hour More din-
been in my today bed it

ck
not been for Lydia E. Pinkham’s Veg-HHIHHitM Compound
wKii h brought me out of it all right, so I am now well and do all my housework. Rgggggggggnarden. Several
one must pay for a
per family per year, and for the people of Canada means 29,200,000 pounds or O ' bushels ' Potatoes should not be peeled.
•hAulA be thoroughly cleaned
druggist, 25c.e 50c.. $1.00.
Care should be taken to strain the
They
this lotion
pulp gets In, th
of mayne^gbamha^ gojtwell^ tak-
Miw/viola î>nc*îtlW CeW"
to eat
wifl keep fresh for mouths
to take, about half an hour before , a raw egg, beat it until light, put in a little sugar and milk, flavor H and drink It faint, tired-out feeling, and will not Ipotl the appetite for dinner.
Juice is used

kla.
ve each blemishes
M
This will relieve the
in any

flashes, hei impending
evil
e
sounds In the ears, palpitation of th# V '-art, sparks before the eyes, irregu-
S;.r,t‘L'3x:;:i
Just try it 1 Get three
white at say drug store
of
I
Rye la
in orchards. Plough It
two

up a q
health to wia- grant lemon lotion and

It
for the
IS9VE N# 41—*1?
i


###PAGE###8###
Tax Notice.
Twenty days are given for paying the School Taxes of the Municipality of Clarendon.	_
Tie Sbavville Boot anil Sloe Store
M. A. MrKINLEY,
Aset. See.-Treim Shawville. Oct. 20, 1017.
MEN’S WORK BOOTS
tat
?
Horses for Sale.
1 pair Matched Colts» dark grey ; 3 off and 2 off ; full brother and Mister ; ligh about 2000 pounds.
1 year-old Hackney.
1 4 year-old Hackney.
4 span work Horses.
Also Waggons and Harness.
it. J. HAMILTON,
Shaw ville.
%
When you are in need of a good substantial boot to keep your feet dry and comfortable, remember we are in a position to give you the best to be procured on the market.
i
vrc
r




6

>
X
Stray Heifer
Strayed on to my projtfrty about Sept. 25th, ayealing heifer. Owner may have the animal by proving property and paying expense».
JOHN 11. BROWNLEE.
CANADA
MEN’S PURE WOOL SOCKS
Will Class One Provide The
One Hundred Thousand Men?
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of Real Estate and Resident Householders of this municipality» that the Collection Roll of Municipal Taxes,
as established by the council is now completed and will remain in my office during the next 30 days for the inspection of all parties interested, and that on Monday» November Nth it will Ik? brought forward and homologated, with, or without amendment. Such delay having expired, it shall come into force, and every person whose name appears ;r_i said Roll is hereby requested to call at the secretary’s office during the next 20 days after the said November 5th» 1 pay the amount of taxes assessed their property without further notice.
K. T. HODCUNS»
Secretary.
Given at Slmwville this 6th day of Octolier. 1917.
headquarters for them in colors
we are
white, dark, gray, khaki, and light gray,
». mî£ sec ± Srsa	ils
and 34 who were unmarried or widower* without children on July 6th, 1917.
This I» almost self-evident for the following reasons;
It Is admitted that, between the ages of 20 and 34,the average man is at the bright of Ins physical strength and Is most adaptable to the change of conditions from civilian met
the military service of unmarried men and widowers without children would occasion less distress than that of most others, slnee they are largely without dependent. Also, it would entail less financial burden for Canada, through separation allowances, etc
Authorities estimate that, after all proper exemptions have been allowed, Canada should be able to produce from the first class 100,000 men fit for service, so the drain upon the man power of the country will not be severe.
Members of Class One will be well advised to present themselves for examination immediately to
the Medical Board in their district Upon examination as to their physical fitness, they will be placed in one of the following categories ;
Category A—if fit for service in overseas fighting units.	„
Category B—if fit for service overseas in Army Medical Corps, Forestry Battalion,
Category C—If fit for service in Canada only.
Category E—if unfit for military service of any nature.	I I	^
If not placed in Category A, the applicant will know that he la not liable for immediate service, but will go to the Post Office and send in a claim for exemption with his Medical Certificate attached, when he will receive in due course a certificate of exemption until those in hia medical category are summon* djor servit r.
Where a man, who is placed in category A, feels that exemption should be allowed, an application form can be secured from the postmaster. This form, when filled in, will be forwarded by the postmaster to the registrar of the district, and the applicant will be informed by mail as to the time and place lor the consideration of his application by the Exemption Board.	„	a _ „	_	_
Issued by The Military Service Council.
at very interesting prices.
We also carry a full range of FINE HOSIERY in Men’s, Women’s and Children’s.
P. É. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
P. S.-Mitts and Gloves.
on
am
etc.
on
meeting for the choice of « candidate and for organization pur-
that on which the
Local and District.
po*e* was somewhat lengthy discussion of the afrernoon hinged. The upper end men, who had a long distance to come and were present at considerable personal inconvenience, maintained that nothing was to be gained by postponement of the choice of a candidate : and no doubt they had a proposal to submit, had the meeting been in the right frame of mind to entertain it. There were others, too, who opiKised delay on the ground of expediency. Hut the weight of opinion favored Mr. Maefarlane’s suggestion to call another meeting on the lilies he indicated—a meeting entirely free from and unbridled by old party affiliations or prejudices, to which the electors could come, feeling that they had a personal interest in the proceedings, and that no attempt to reap party advantage would be made. Having reached that conclusion it was proixised that such meeting to be called the “Union Patriotic
Hay and Oats
Saturday last witnessed another large shipment of stock at the C. P. K. station here—Vt carloads. A large proportion of this shipment came from Thorne lieighbor-
h ood.
137
We require for immediate shipment
50 Cars Extra No. 2 Timothy 25 Cars Jlo. 2 25 Cars Clover Mixed 25 Cars ^IsiKe Clover 25 Cars %ed Clover
PUBLIC NOTICE
Canadian Pacific Railway
Province of QucW,
School Municipality of Shawville.
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the Collection Roll of School Taxes as established by the school commissioners, of this municipality is now completed and remains in my office during the next 30 days for the inspection of all parties interested, ami that on Saturday, November the 10th, it will be brought forward and homologated, with, or without further amendment. Such delay having expired it shall come into force and every {arson whose name ap{>ears said Roll is hereby requested to call at the secretary’s office during the next 20 days after the said November 10th, to pay the amount of taxes assessed on their promrty, without further notice.
E. T. HODGIN8,
Secretary.
Given at Shawville, this 10th day of October, 1917.
Union Patriotic Party Succeeds Consertative Organisation.
Ottawa to Montreal (via Short Line)—
Leave Ottawa Central d»ilyK 6 a.m.. 6.20 a.m., 8.45 a m.; 6.45 pm. 14	11	“ daily except Sunday, 4 p in.
14	44	Broad Street daily, 5.35 am., 5.55 a.m.
Ottawa to Montreal (via North Shore-Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 8.30 a. m.; 5.15 p m.
another Meeting Called for Friday November 3rd.
The above headings express in concise terms the result of the meeting held here last Friday, to deal with the matter of placing a candidate in the field pledged to support the Union Government which is now conducting the public affairs of this country.
Whilst the meeting was called	......	,,	..
under the authority of the Con Meeting, be held at the Council servative Association, in the ah hall in this village on Friday of sence of any other organization this week at 10 a. m. nuahfied to take such a step, the In pursuance of this idea posters invitation issued vuverod every have up<mi issued which should elector in sympathy with Union make it clear to every elector inGovernment. Nevertheless, and terested that genuine l mon is the although it is indisputable that in object aimed at and that nothing
fcntiac, ae elsewhere throughout short of it will be satisfactory, the country, there are many
Liberals who favor the idea ot union as expressed in the combination of strong men who have come together at Ottawa upon common ground to work tor the attainment of one great, transcendant object—the meeting opened with few Libeials comparatively in the audience. The explanation for this apparent disinterestedness is said to have been due to the groundless suspicion that the local Conservatives were putting up a “job” in order to deceive their Liberal friends, and incidentally carry the election by trickery.
Whatever the cause.-and, doubt- j less, there was something—the meeting was not considered sufficiently representative of union sentiment to proceed with the business for which it was convened—that of nominating a Union Government supporter. Had it been a Conservative meeting.
Will pay $8.00 to $10.00 per toq
F. 0 B. Cars.
We require 10 Cars Oats. Will pay 60 cents per bus., F. 0. B. Cars,
Ottawa to Maniwaki—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 4.40, p,m
*	“	11 Sun
44	44 Broad St
*
day only, 9.00 a.m.
. Tuesday and Friday only
, 8.45 a.m, -
Ottawa to Prescott—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 10.15 a.m.; 4.45, p.nt. Ottawa to Waltham—
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 5.00 p. in.
4 Shawville for Ottawa daily “	“	7.35 a. m.
C. A. L TUCKER,
Agent, Shawville.
on
HEALEY CO.,
Write or Phone R. 1017-1061,
ONT
OTTAWA
County Orange Lodge
Meeting.
3
Saturday Nov.
Is Sale Day
at Dover’s
Keep a record of your outings your bildren and your stock, by purchasing
1 have a complete stock from
H. Imihon.
Hog for Service
A special meeting of the County Orange Lodge will le held in the Orange Hall, Shawville, on Saturday, November 3rd, for the purpose of dealing with business of a very urgent character. A cordial invitation is extend^
to all members.	.
JOHN McCORRISTON, j
County Master ' JOHN SMILEY,
Secretary
Berkshire Hog for service. Fee—$1.00 for one, or $1.50 for two.
Apply to
MES M< X ARSON.
Shawville
a kodak $1.25 u|
IA
19 4
Card of Thanks.
We wish through The Equity to
extend our heartfelt thanks to friends and neighbors for kindness and sympathy shown us in the time of our great iivrvavement and sorrow.
Mrs S. Young and Family.
Stray Mare
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned on Oct. 9th, a black mare with white sjiot on face. Owner is requested to come and t*ay expenses cur red, and remove animal at once.
R. McJANKT, Yarn, Qua
Notice to Exhibitors of Registered Stock.
A Class of People.
There is a class of people who take no part in the war and do not want to l* deprived of their politics. They re-_ t the action of those who, on account of the war, would do away with the party strife in which they have always
fairly well represented.	outof the war and be done with a bad bu»
With these preliminary remarks, iness- as if this war were a thing which, may proceed to say that the if we shut our eyes to it, will not Is-meeting was called to order by there at all. They do not realize that Vice President James Amm, of we ,nust win the war or lo$$ it, that we Ou yon, who took the chair in the help win it or contribute to the loan of aoeence of President Dr. McNally, ^—that we must help fight it where it
whose professional duties debarred ja 0r it will tight us wh him from attend in g—so he explain- Toronto Star, Liberal ed to Secretary P.Ï. Smiley. |
Immediately after the meeting opened, Rev. J, A. Macfarlane, who was present, outlined what he
2k<*. *>-». r
...Fhifl opinion the first move wet weather, but the fanners may none necessary was for the meeting to too much for plowing. -appoint a chairman and secretary Mr. James McCord made an auto of its own, so that the proceeding* trip through this part last Saturday would be entirely disassociated hiring men for the woods, from and independent of the Con- Conscription is causing quite an ex-servative Association, which by element around here, this action would cease to exist, j y^r Charley Burrow*, sr.
After a short discussion, this idea Uura bave ^turned from a
was acted upon, in principle, ml-11 Smiths Fall* friend*, though the meeting deemed it advisable to re-elect Messrs. Amm and Smiley to the positions they
occnpied at the-outset.
The second part of Mr. Macfar-
Imne's suggestion.- namely, that j1
ic Assembled meeting should on 11 its authority call another l mon
All our Heavy Goods at reduced prices for one day only. A few Specials :
Oct. 15, 1917
All exhibitor* of Registered Stock at Shawville Fair, (1917) who have not already presented the ItegiHtrationCertificates of all prize-winning stock for examination by the Secretary, are requested to do so at once, so that the
ey may be jwid to such ex-
PUBLIC NOTICE

Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Shawville.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
to all Proprietors of Real Estate and Resident Householders of this Municipality, that the Collection* Roll of Taxe* of this Municipality is now completed and remains in my office during the next thirty days for the inspection of all parties interested, and that on November the 27th, it will be brought forward and homologated, with or without amendment. Such delay having expired it shall come into force and every person whose name appears *aid Roll is hereby requested to call at the Secretary’s office during the next 20 days, after the said November 27th, to pay the amount of taxe» assessed on iheir property, without further notice.
Given at Shawville this 87th day of
Men's Woollen Underwear, reg. $3.00 per suit for 2.40
3.65
Fleece Lined Underwear 1.75 Heavy Tweed F<hiis	4.13 per pair
Black Mackinaw Coats

prize m liibitors.
R. W. HODGINK,
Sec’y Shawville Fair
8.00
7.15
7.95
9.00
i*
Heavy Tweed Overcoats, less 15 per cent off marked prices
Card of Thanks
We, the members of Austin Home Makers' Club, wish to extend our hearty thanks to all those who took part in making the social a success, and es penally to those from a distance.
The receipts amounted to $61.00.
M. Elliott.
Sec.-Tress.
« <•
«- Tweed Suits and Gray Serges, less 15 per cent • Blue and Black Serge Suite less 10 per cent
Women s Henvy Winter Coats, less 15 per cent Men’s Fur Collared Coats at $13,75 Mieses Winter Coats, sizes 0 to H 7.05 Boys’ Mackinaw Coats, ages i to 18, all lees 10 per cent 3 pairs White Wool Blankets,J» x 80 at 5.00 a pair Boys’Overcoats, Men's Sheep Lined Coats, Sweaters, Fine Faute, Socks, Caps, Shirts, and all lines of wearing apparel for Men, _ Women and Boys at reduced prices.
ere we are

WEIRSTEAD
THE MARKETS
111
R. E. HODGIN8,
Koc. Treae
Wheat, pei buehel, $1.75 to Î.00
Oat*, per boahel. 60c.
Beans per bnabel, $7.00.
Batter teba.prlntssnd rolls 36e
FI
Come and save money, Saturday, November 3rd.
FOR SALE.
Onepair of Horse Colla, coming two and three years , perfectly matched dark
and Mi


bay with strip in fact dt# are iHjH
horse
and from a Percher#
8AM SINCLAIR.
Shawville
f past
Drummond had the Wm
Ja
fortune of getting hurt Tuesday night frop chereh.******* Mr W. J. Borrow
unwashed
Wool, wanked, 76
II

ARCHIE DOVER
red by that good Ilandwmic Harry "
The*
Hides per 100 I be. ItOO f’oiu
breeding
F
Kal
of 8
• i
ds at Weir
a each 6 00 acb 1.00 toi.»
Horae H
t v
is at i
i
•k IoBHIH^P
Veal Shins, each 00s
tt*i

EBBOSY,
