###PAGE###1###
O
$1.00 A YEA K IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY. QUE., THUKSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1017
No. 8, 35th Yeah


Tt%e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
The Bank of Ottawa
Established 1864
ESTABLISHED 1874
OFFICERS 2
PRESIDENT .. .. 8m H. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Redden GEN. MANAGER ..	..	I>. C. Macarow
Capital paid up and Rest - $8,760,000
A decided convenience, m many cases, is a
JOINT ACCOUNT.

*7,000,000 . 7,250,984 108,956,996
Paid up Capital...................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .
Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
FRUIT JARS
PICKLING SPICES
in the Savings Bank Department. It may be opened in the names of two or more persons, either of whom may deposit or withdraw money.
I
# #
# #
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small ond they ran be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par at any bank In Canada. The rates are as follows
$ 5.00 and under 5.00 to $10......
10.00	to $:t0..
30.00	to $50...
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
VINEGAR
,T. A. McLatchib, Manager.
R, Leueh. Manager.
G. M. Colquhoun. Acting M <rr
Fort Coclongb Branch, Camphkllb Bay Branch, Porta»e du Fort Branc h
3c
«
RUBBER RINGS FOR JARS PAROWAX FOR SEALING.
As usual we sell only high-
quality goods at reasonable price.
10
15
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon,
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like framed. Call and see samples. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imisox.
Fob Salk—1 Singer Sew ing Ma chine—a bargain
t
W. F. DRUM A. A, REID
G. A. Howard.
Harvesting will be general throughout the county this week, if weather conditions are favorable.
Professor Harcourt of Guelph Agricultural College says that in using substitutes for w heat Hour in bread, it would be best for women to mix their own flour.
SHORTHAND “ Canada’s Best ”
PERSONAL MENTION
U ENRY’S
” SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
Miss Marian Findlay, is visiting relatives in Russell this week.
Miss Lottie Shaw, is visiting relatives at Port Hope, Ont.
Mrs. J. J. Turner and daughter,
Miss Kuln, are visiting friends ill Our instruction is Individual, and the
Renfrew this week.	SU. VM'.ttî,	‘
Mr. C. L. Shaw, who underwent Our rates are $10 per monrh ; do not _ opertion at the General Hospi- pa? a cent more, tal, at Ottawa, arrived home Moll- More than WO student* from other local
cUyeveuii.il.	SlXiViS USSSUZiZÎÜST
Miss Lett, Oi Dlinraven, was Students are assisted to positions, the guest of her aunt Miss A. We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-Miirrnv last week.	hand. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell
Mr,. Hugh Haiinn, of Ma,,ey.
Ont., is visiting her relatives in this section at present.
Miss Laura Woodley is ^lending the week with -her aunt, Mrs.
Jos. Hen nett, at River Desert.
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING
»
OTTAWA, ONT
Mr. Alpine Campbell, of Campbells Bay, lost most of his outbuildings, together with machinery and a large quantity of hay by Are, which broke out about eleven o'clock on Monday.
It is said that thirty-one thousand men will be required to harvest the crops in the Northwest this year. And still from a good many sources it is learned that the grain yield will fall about fifty fier cent snort of expectations !
We notice among the names of a party ot returned soldiers who recently arrived at Quebec, that of Pte. Ren. F, Smith, youngest soil of our townsman Mr. Benjamin Smith, who went overseas with the 77th Battalion.
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ings Advocate.
W.B. Cowling. H. G. W. Braith wait President
an
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Principal
A birth notice pent in from
Mr. R. G. Hodgins and family Charter!*, did not include the have been spending a few days at name of the sender, and is there_____	.	fore withheld from publication.
MisaM. Beamish, Renfrew. was We don’t intend being victimized the guest of Shawville friends for by publishing any more take birth a day or two last week.	notices if we can li
A number of the Shawville	— *
young ladies are occupying Howard'* cottage at Green for the week.
An Important Statement
WILLIAMS’ FLY EXTERMINATES
Last September we made the following
Statement :
41 We have been requested by our Shorthand and Secretarial graduates to issue a statement relative to the comparison between the enrollments and graduations.
Our records show that up to June, 1912, the number of students who entered the senior Shorthand classes, but who failed to graduate, was a very considerable loss to these.classes in the College. During the year 191213 the proportion of graduates Increased, and so from year to year The year just ended shows the best record in twent/ years' history of the school, tor the number failing to graduate as compared with the total enrollment has been reduced to a negligible minimum, and in the majority of these cases the student accepted a situation and w ould not stay to graduate.
To a great extent this Is due to the fact that all Willis teachers since 1912 have been keen, enthusiastic and intelligent workers ; that the atmosphere is refined and home like ; and each student knows that the Principal and all the Start are interested in his or her Individual pro gress.”
Green Lake
lelp it
Although appearance has indicated otherwise, it is now thought that the potato crop in this district will be much below the expectations of some time ago. Miss Maude McDowell is at pre-The great heat anti drought of the gent visiting friends at West-latter part of July, almost com- ,Ueath. pletely checked the growth pf the young tubers.
Mr*.
Marnages
Lake
At the Presbyterian Church
. XVm. B
Shawville, by the Rev MacCallnm, on Wednesday. August 8th, Andrew J. Middlemies of Ottawa and Martha Jane Tippins. daughter of Frederick Tippins, of Charte ris.
Dr. K. McDowell, of Renfrew, spent the week-end at his home here.
Bosnier Turner, of the Merchants Bank, Renfrew, visited his parents here on Sunday.
Mrs. K. G. Amy, is visiting her sister. Mrs. H. S. Barnett at Norway Bay.
Mrs. Silverman and the Misses Cohen, of Montreal, are guests of tjjieir sister, Mrs. A. Dover this week.
Miss Blackburn and friend Mr. Thomson, of Ottawa, were visitors over Sunday of Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Belsher.
Mrs. James Millar and granddaughter Margaret Millar of River Desert, are at present the of the former's son, Harry of this town.
Mr. Geo. Corrigan, of Schumacher. Ont. gave The Equity a call while in town Friday last. Georgé is spending a week or two in Bristol and Clarendon looking after some business affairs.
Mrs. 8. W. Wilson and daughter, of Ottawa, have been visiting the Misses Wilson during the past week. Mr. Wilson, who has been enjoying a week’s outing at Muskrat Lake, arrived Saturday eveu-
A rumor is current around Starks Corners that the Clarendon Station on the C. N. R. ma y be removed to the property of Stewart Leitch. At all events a platform and siding are likely to be put down at that point, where a considerable volume of local shipping is developing.
The best lice and vermin destroyer. A perfect disinfector for closets, stables, etc., in quarts, half gallon and gallons.
Births
At Clarendon. August 7th, to Mr. and Mrs. Wallace Hynes, a daughter.
Rev. R. Armstrong again took the services in the Methodist Church on Sunday last.
Cattle Poisoned. — Mr. Ray Wilson, of Green Lake, had the great misfortune to lose eight head of cattle last week through poisoning by eating n species of deadly weed which grows in marshy places. This we understand was the opinion of the veterinary inspector who came from Ottawa to investigate the case.
Tanglefoot
Swatters
Torpedo Fly Catchers
giving anyone his just dues, we II	•	*
are able to say that the résulta ob- II iif«| _ i r# r* tained are far superior to those of II WIISOH S MV iClUS any previous period in the history II	* "J
of W lllis ( ullege.	II
When you combine thoroughness of train- II '-
ing with a helpful atmosphere, you get If
results not otherwlne obtained.	|| I____I A*.*.
If you are Interested in a GOOD course II lltl IjFfiVPn uGlTI of Shorthand. Typewriting, Bookkeeping I lll,rl vwvw	¦¦¦
or Civil Service, write today for our II prospectus.
N. I. HARRISON.	I II
Pints
Quarts 1.10 H. gals. 1.25
Dominion Crystal Granulated
Sugar Farawaz.
i gal. Jars 1 gal. Jars
Rev. Mr. Russell conducted the at St. Pauls mud Holy
services Trinity, Radford, oil Sunday.
Mr. Leonard Belsher lost a fine mare last week, as a result of a kick from another animal, breaking her leg.
The work meeting of the Shawville H. M Club will be held on Thursday evening of this week at the home of Mrs. W. J. Dagg.
guests
Millar
Perfect Seal
A rather serious affair is reported to have occurred at Coitionge on Saturday, the result of which is that a man named Gillis is suffering from a bullet-wound in the body, fired by another man named Frost who was taken into custody
and has Sever-
SEALERS PER DOZ.
90c.
Hon. W. J. Hanna, Canadian Food Controller, calculates that food wasted in the garbage pails of Canada each year through carelessness and lack of kitchen economy *|^^^j*™*™*^* year,
population.
The Murrells H. M Club scored quite a success financially by a lawn box social held under its auspices at No. 8 School grounds on August 3rd. The weather was favorable and the attendance large. Something over $60 was realized, after paying all expenses, which sum will be devoted to the purchase of material for the soldiers needs. The Club feel very grateful for the help received.
It is likely William Bennett, the
young mechanic of Montreal who
shot and killed Bruce M. Lei ten and wounded the latter's bride while they were on their honeymoon at Sand Point early last month, will recover to stand trial upon the capital charge. Hi* eon-The office at the works of the ditioo has considerably improved Canadian Explosives Company at since he was brought to Victoria Sand Point was destroyed by fire Hospital in Renfrew on the even about eight o'clock Tuesday night, ing of the tragedy suffering from a Aug. 7. it is still a mystery as to self-inflicted wound in the head, the origin of the Are, if it was not according to the statement of one tsed by spontanous combustion, of the hospital official* on r ndajr. There was no one hurt as no one, The bullet with which he son got with the exception of the watch- to kill himself after shooting the man, was around. Some articles others caused a pressure on the which had been lying in the office optic nerve and lie was totally were blown out of the building blind when admitted to the in without injury showing that there stitution. Lately there has been Iliad been an explosion. The an iiuprovroent and he can nmv 'amount of loss has not yet been see, though indistinctly, every I ascertained.—Watchman.	thing appearing blurred to him.
Pints $1.00 Quarts 1.20 H. gals. 1.40
Principal.
Willis College, Ottawa
at Renfrew on Monday, been lodged in Bryson Jail, al versions of the affair a re current rendering it hard to get at the actual facts. In addition to the shooting, it is alleged that Frost wrecked everything around the Gillis habitation and then set Are to the building which was destroyed. Frost's lawless conduct is said to be attributable to liquor.
Keep a record of your outings, your children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have a complete stock from
H. Imison.
amounts to $56,000,000 per or about $7. per head of
$1.23 up
ing
GIRLS WANTED, at once—waiters, laundry and kitchen girls—for Hotel Renfrew. Good wages. Write or phone I). W. Budd, Managing Director, Renfrew, Ont.
ging to the 38th Battalion, who recently returned from France for treatment in the Convalescent Home, was visiting his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Milli-ken, of Creemorne, and was also accompanied by his sister, Miss Pearl, and Mr. W. J. Milliken from West Virginia, IJ. S.
Gr. Geo. Ctmdell, of Ottawa,
Ion
FOR SALE—One second hand 6 ft. cut Masney Harris Binder. A good bargain. Apply to AcsTis McDowell. Shawville.
Keeping at It.
Our soldiers at the front have two good friends in William Morris ton, of Grand Rapids, Mich., and Richard Russett, Bristol, who have repeated their subscriptions to the Tobacco Fund several times. This week we acknowledge the receipt of a dollar each from those gentlemen. A card from Cor pi F. Onion, dated France, June 23rd,
conveys the thanks of the author for tobacco received through a I ire v ions donation of Mr. Ru-*ett.
25c.
FOR SALE—Purebred Berkshire Hog. one month old. at reasonable price. Apply to Sam Horner. Caldwell, Que.
Co
35c.
Word was received by Mr. Jno. Thomas of Bristol that his son, L-Corp. John Wilbert Thomas (Bert) formerly of the 139th Battalion, who for nine month* has been active service in France, is seriously ill.
FOR SALE—1 driving horse rising 6 years, will weigh about I0U) lbs ; 1 single buggy. 1 cutter and set of harness, all new and will be sold reasonable. Apply
to Mas. W. Bveton, (Austin) R R No, 2.
High Quality Can Vinegar
W. L. and B. Proof
on
ÇONCBETECULVERTS^ PIPE.^AND
Contract a” ms de with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes In their own localities. H. T McDowell* Son. Shawville Que.
There are places in Canada where bread is selling at 7* cents per pound, says the Canadian Food Controller. M There are other places where it ie selling at 12 mud 14 cents and they have no possible excuse, extent that someone Is in control of the markets and they
dictate what they like.
45c. gal.
The Rev. Cherlee Reid will take
the services for Rev, Issue Strow-
bndge in Leslie next Sunday,
AZ:	O*-**
Communion.
8t. George *, Thorne Centre— 2.30, Evening Prayer There will also be ^ I I Matthew's. North Clarendon, at 7, p. m., same date.
cat
W. A. HODGINS
.
services at St.
###PAGE###2###
WÎG
277tS'
The Three,
FREE
m
\
\
, t
À
PURPLE.

iU'

y f

\

i

C The Lan tic Library of •‘goody secret»** sent free if you mail us a Red Ball Trademark, cut from carton or sack of Lan tic Pure Cane Sugar.
In 2 and 54b. Cartons 10, 20 and 1004b. Sacks
ATLANTIC SUGAR REFINERIES
Limited. Montreal
MASK


A
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
èp tiraœ (xuuard
Lesson VI. Carbohydrates.
Carbohydrates, the name given to ! ill effects


It is the most easily and starches and sugar, furnish heat for completely digestible of all the* food-the body and energy to do work.
La ntic Sugar
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film
Mfg. Co
stuffs.
Because few persons chew starchy foods sufficiently, they should he thor; oughly cooked result from eating poorly cooked starchy food, especially breakfast
I foods
suffer especially from insufficiently cooked breakfast foods. The tireless cooker is the best method of preparing starchy foods.

r	% Starches.
I Grains, cereals and vegetables sup-%d ply starch. It constitutes from one-#1 half to three fourths of the solid matter of cereals, and fully three-fourths BE of the solids of potatoes. x	!
¦ The process of digestion of starches ht'brii's m the month. All food eon*
Sphinx Kelly entered Pat s state-	^ ^	. taining starch should be thoroughly
FfgSBBë_____
with streaks as of burnished gold. Pat Emptied the Box of Chocolates	sallva continues for about half an	obtained chiefly from	sugar	cane,
The Sphinx stood for a moment and traded the String of Pearls.	hour after the food enters the stomach,	beets, maple trees, and	palms,	Vege-
leaning with his back against the door,__	1 but the stomach juices do not act upon tables, fruits and milk also contain
silently admiring the beautiful girl.	. starch. The next stage of digestion sugar. Cane is our chief course of
s» tossslt!	=&. "f : •yrzs
, y t i t vomnels” Then the those for which Vat intended to use P. the process and changes the starch between rollers the sweet juice Snhhix hesitated	The chief of the American Apaches into soluble sugars.	| is extracted, which is clarified
As if more deliberately to embar- called upon Pat and at her request lo-	Excess starch is stored in the body	and evaported. When	cool it	forms
rass the detective, Pat stood silently cated John Phillips at the hotel where	|n the form of fat. The widespread	n thick liquid, called	molasses, and
gazing at him, her face radiant with J1** was stopping. The next day I hil- prejuciice against starch is absolutely crystals which, when refined, are call-smiles.	.	*>. EfSAi?without foundation. Starch is the ed sugar.
room for	Phillips, at Kelly’s suggestion, was	disease which can be attributed to the	cane. From corn we obtain glucose.
, t do arls	" 1	^	stopping at the same hotel with the	use of starch. Fats, when used too	Sugar from milk is called lactose.
’•You Surprise	me, Mr. Kelly,” said	detective, and he was soon consulting	freely, give rise to “biliousness.” Ex-1 Sugar is very nourishing, easy to
Pat assuming an austere	demeanor,	with the Sphinx about the contents of	CV8S 0f protein encourages intestinal	digest, and furnishes heat ancj energy.
5» sue*	^ l <-•	:c„t	“s	; tns '"«f rta
pearls dofyou except to find here	ex- pat wa# uniting for the call and	pi'eat freedom without producing any amount is	needed.
4 , — r- d ;-----------
ul ou si y precious pearls, said Kelly in can gO0n arrange terms. The pearls As wheat is much needed for our apologetic explanation	are in New York, ready for delivery	Allies overseas, we should substitute
And you expect	to	ni	t	Upon the conditions I shall exact.”	cornmeal, oatmeal and rice where pus-
Æ	te« -CCS' %
a possibility of Ending^tm a c > ° Phillips immediately called back, Put’s know. Miss Montez, that I have rca--maid answered the phone and informed him that her mistress had nothing further to sa>.
Intestinal troubles
nPure and l ncotorvd"

173
\>
m
A
Infants and elderly persons

EIGHTH EPISODE The Price He Paid.




Sugars

i
r
r lur
r

ion
out
ff
v

THE Efl/IE/ÏWHYTO JEflL RRE/ERVE/
i tablespoonfuls sugar, four tablespoon-fuis fat, one and one-half teaspoonfuls salt, seven cupfuls boiled rice, eight ! cupfuls flour, one-half cake compressed yeast, one-fourth cupful warm wa-Seald liquid if milk is used. Pour over fat, sugar and salt, and add yeast, moistened in fourth cupful warm water and flour and knead


V

Is the best way, and the best way is the Parowax way. Jellies and preserves that are sealed with
t
ter
Oatmeal Muffins.—One and one-half cupfuls milk, two eggs, two tablespoonfuls fat, two tablespoonfuls sugar, one teaspoonful salt, two cupfuls rolled oats, one cupful flour, four teaspoonfuls baking powder. Pour milk over oats and let soak one-half hour. AdcUeggs and melted fat. Add to dry ingredients, which have been sifted together. Bake twenty-five to thirty minutes. This makes ten to twelve muffins.
Corn meal Muffins
Cool
(DxvtHMvaw
A	PURE REFINED PARAFFINE
keep their luscious flavor. They never mold or ferment. They are as good when you want to eat them as they were the day you sealed the jars.
Just pour melted Parowax over the tops of jelly tumblers. It keeps out all dust and germs. It keeps the preserves air-tight. ^
FOR THE LAUNDRY -See directions on Psrowai
labels for its use in valuable service in washing.
AT DEALERS EVERYWHERE
one-Add rice After second
to attribute almost any escapade
son
to you.”
“This time, at all events, you are wrong,” said Vat. ”But to satisfy you I give full permission for you to search anywhere, even without possessing any warrant to do so."
“Really you are kind, Miss Montez, Kelly's remark as he began looking about in places where the pearls might he hidden.
“We will have your baggage carefully examined by the customs uffi-
(To be continued.)
j rising, bake forty-five minutes.
Frying Pan Corn Bread.—One and one-half cups corn meal, two cups i sour milk, one teaspoon soda, one teaspoon salt, two eggs, two fat. Mix dry ingredients, add milk, then eggs, well beaten. Place fat in frying pan, melt it, beat well into mix-
UII1W| wv lllv VWIV... v...	One cupful tyre, reheat frying pan and turn in
rials—and we may have all the pas- THE “IMPERIOUS URGENCY” OF nnlk or water, one and one-third cup- the mixture. Place in hot oven and
sengers personally searched before; CONSERVING GRAIN YIELD they go ashore. But find the pearls
I must—it would be a great advertise-	----
ment for me in America."	___I	.	_ _
“Nothing would he a greater source Survey Conducted by Canadian North- one-half teaspoonful salt. Meth of pleasure to me than to provide you ern Indicates Need of 25.000 Men with some good advertising—but as I have no method of doing that, may I at least offer you a chocolate?" the
:to garner crop
WEST NEEDS MEN
tahlespoons.|
was
fuis flour, two-thirds cupful corn. cook twenty minutes, meal, one to two tablespoonfuls fat, | Kye and Cornmeal Bread.—Pour to two tablespoonfuls sugar, one three-quarters of a cupful of milk and egg, four teaspoonfuls baking powder, half a cupful of watcr over one cupful
of cornmeal: add one tablespoonful of Mix milk, egg and melted fat and add butter, one tablespoonful of sugar and dry ingredients, well mixed. Method one and a half teaspoonful of salt. 2. Scald cornmeal with hot milk. Addl]jeat gradually to the boiling point
and cook, stirring frequently, for Cornmeal Griddle Cakes or Waffles, twenty minutes in the upper part of
—One cupful mill brae-fourths cup* the double boiler WÈttlUÊÊÊlÊlÈKÊ fui flour, three-fourth; cupful corn- yeast cake dissolved in a quarter of a meal, two teaspoonfuls baking pow- cupful of tepid water and two cupsful der, one-half teaspoonful salt, one egg. of wheat flour Add beaten egg to milk and add to dry til it has doubled in size, shape in materials, well mixed.	loaves, put in greased pans, let rise
Rice Wheat Bread.—One-half cup- again until very light and bake for ful milk and water or water, four forty-five minutes.
one
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
l

Limited
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
Along Its Lines
The successful harvesting of the girl replied, offering at the same time crop |n Western Canada this season a box of sweets to the great detective.
Montez—but I've
egg, melted fat and dry ingredients
is what Kx Premier Asquith of Great Britain would term "a mutter of im-
Cool, add half a
“Thank you. M
just had breakfast;’ and the Sphinx resumed his search Finally he came Parlous urgency | upon a bundle wrapped in blankets, Shire men began to sow grain west lying in a corner of the stateroom. of the Great l^ikes. there has never “What's this?" said Kelly as he be- been so much depending upon the gan roughly disturbing the bundle, yield of grain in Manitoba. Saskatche-But he was halted by a taint cry near wan and Alberta as there Is this year.
hand—and by Pat’s sharp command:
Mould, let rise un-
'
FALCONS TO SINK U-BOATS
which all good periscopes, and bad, must, it would be all over with the
Periscope Fed Birds Can I)o the Trick. Kaiser’s wolf of the sea. according
to Mr. Campus. He added that there were many falcons to be had in Europe, and proposed that a flock be trained at once in the United States.
The Canadian Northern Hallway.
Seurat=¦“ =viSir=5
“With n merry laugh Pat flung and the prospects of the wages to be aside the blanket disclosing the baby paid, and has announced that 25,000 she had brought from the second cabin men will be required to help the farm-nd in resentment of its rough ers garner the crops In the territory it
The indications	__
|*See now what you have done, you nwrage wages will be around three ESCAPED DOCTOR TELLS OF wearing the Prussian uniform
dollars a	___¦
don't know how to handle a pearl between the representatives of th* when you find one," and the girl sooth-
Kelly retreated toward
'%%% “S you—but <.»¦>.	|
The farming situation in Ontario
Says Brooklyn Man
Be careful, sir
slans, as It could not be obtained from u r k e
were the only beverages for the 3,000 prisoners at the camp. Many were too weak to try to escape. When they did
GRASS STEWS FOR WAR PRISONERS
The spotting and destruction of U; Water and artificial coffee boats by falcons carrying bomba is
suggested to Secretary Daniels, of the U S. Navy, in a letter sent him by Caesar Campus, of Brooklyn. Campus also offered $2,000 as an initial contribution to a fund to buy and train falcons for the work, proposal in brief is that falcons be trained to spot a periscope by giving them all the food they get in meals tied to one
A Cork Convent.
A striking curiosity near Cintra, Portugal, says a writer in the Wide World, is an ancient convent built partially in the interior of an mense rock. Theyrtfnvent is situated in a very isolated spot and was formerly surrounded by a dense wood of cork trees. The convent is known as the Convento da Cortica, or Convent,” for the reason that the monks' cells, chapel, kitchen and refectory are all lined with cork to keep out the damp. From 1660 to 1834 the convent was inhabited by an order of monks known as the Capuchins, a remarkable feature of their religion being that, except on certain» occasions, silence was obligatory.
Mr
so they were bitten by the watchdogs that were trained to bite any one not
treatment, the baby began to cry
Dr
His
Mars was able to escape the dogs on account of his borrowed uniform.
A further conference
HIS EXPERIENCES.
tm-
Government, the railways and the farmers is to be held, when further
Forced to Factory Work
“British and Belgian prisoners receive the worst sort of treatment un
ed the child
In this way, he is sure, the falcon will rush at every periscope he sees in the hope of a fine dinner. After the falcon had been trained to
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg is Now Embittered Against the l‘russion Invaders.
1*11 see you later," and with no little embarrassment the detective with- may not permit of sending as much
The news was flashed to the eus- should be left undone on the farms
less they work hard In the Prussian factories/’ he said.
Dr. Mars stated that the people of 8P°t ? periscope it would be turned Luxembourg, who at one time were loose in the North Sea or wherever U-in favor of the Prussians, changed boats are plentiful, carrying suspend-their attitude when they suffered at beneath it a bomb of very high ex the hands of the army
Grand Duchess, Marie Adelaide, is a ffot wet prisoner in her castle and the people are greatly embittered . against the Prussian Invaders.
“Cork
help as in former seasons, but nothing
Some Inside facts about the life of
toms officials by wireless and when and jn (he towns to give the western (he prisoners in a Prussian internment the ship halted at quarantine, several farnier8 (he assistance of which they camp were disclosed recently by Dr.
a&'sSsS
Tho formalities of passing qunran-	« TUvU	Uij/UjIXLLJ	he I* an American citizen of French
tine, the inspection of tickets and the	IXillEIIZ	HAT	117 ÂTCD '	rarellta8<1 and has ,lved ln the United
examination of the passengers were	11K IIV K	HIM	W A I K.K	Sta,eB ,lnce he wa* ,wo year* old> Dr
completed. The steamship swept	l/llllllm	llvl	Ifni Ml	Mars, who is the publisher of l'Avenir,
majestically *up the North river to its when food lies like lead in the etom- a French paper in San Francisco, was
suAttr Assess; eshsseSk i sr yrrnisr jks
were similarly examined by the ship’s etiw of water, aa hot m you can com-' ed as roughly as were the other Stewards and customs officials. But fetKïdlKuJ	Prisoners. Finally there wa. a serious
the lost pearls were not discovered. 1 ted magnésie a* any physician ran tell outbreak of dysentry among both the When the matrons had finished you. In#tantly neutralisée the add and prU88|an!l and prisoners. He showed
searching Mrs. Van Nuys and her JJjJJJJk i>lan°and you will beastonished | the army officers in charge that he
a,,,rT\ re*cne .	, .	. People who And It Inconvenient at time*	__
While the others were being search- to Hecure hot water and traveler* who	Drugged Hie Guards
cl Pat was arranging to meet the wo- are frequently obliged to take hasty
mar and her l.she a, the, landed	tCTSt-SS^bllM
from the second cabin, on the docks. Bleurated Magnesia after meal# to pre-And all the time Pat was devouring rent fermentation and neutralise the chocolates from her still ample store. | &?*<* ,n the*r stomach Released a la# from the customs examination ana free to proceed on
their way. Pat took the woman and The “dreary Glasgow Sunday" is far her child into a taxi that carried Mr*. from being a mere figure of speech. A Van Nuys and her niece to their
hotel.
That evening when she was alone
her mom. Pat emptied what was left * troll, came upon a George Square of the hur1 box of chocolates into a! policeman, who eyed him. and said: handkerchief she had spread upon her Ye had better tak’ care, air, what bed-cover and from underneath tjie ye're doing." “What am I doing?" heap, she extricated Mrs. Phillips' enquired the tourist, and added, with string of pearls.	s mrrry wink: “Why, I’m not even
The fumi.hed houM- Mrs. V.n Nuy.	.olem/.nd/cpmvîng ton".
SÆ'g.tss	?* m,ist ••h,ppy ••u
vice from Hpre»« ntstives of the ' Monday.
Now their I plosive which would explode when it
A pound would be enough to put a U-boat out of commission,
Mr. Campus thinks. When the falcon sighted a periscope it would make a dive for it, the bomb would hit the
.	water and then would vanish U-boat, Without stopping his train an en* ' * • l,v h ' f ? ;&i!\\ .1 \	1 likewise falcon. Mr# ( ampua pointed jfineer can move a lever in hi* cab and
land may be said to have cost 12s., out that a falcon could spot a fish open a recently patented switch to en-every mile £38,000. English railways from a very great height in the air, able him to enter a siding, the switch are three times as costly as those of so that a U-boat would be an easy ob closing when the last car has passed America.	ject. As soon as a periscope showed, over it.

z
men
His work tn this emergency altered his status and the Prussians allowed
Dr. Mars to sleep and eat with the officers of the guard from that time on until he made hie escape. He gave a sleeping potion to the two officers, and donning the uniform of one of them got *a*t the sentries Into the open.
Dr Mars said It took him two months to reach Madrid after suffering many hardships, and being forced
Looking Too Happy
D
A
fat, jovial looking American, leaving his hotel one fine Sunday morning for

i A
“>«e, “g», ** ever produced than the present HELD PATH Extra Granulated, you may be sure it will be made in the same Refinery that has led lor over half •century—and sold under the same name—RED PATH.
Redpath Sweeten
*0,20, so .mi loo a. b^. Canada Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal.
to eat grass and leaves at times, It

came easy to live this way, he said, after bis experience In the Internment camp, where the prisoners and others subsisted on a stew made from peel

A’fl
e
1
IS
Even Rice Felled
###PAGE###3###
\
BABY’S GREAT DANGER DURING HOT WEATHER
The sustained production of milk is well known to depend largely on the comfort and contentment of the dairy cow. Flies not only cause direct loss of blood and poisoning from their bites, but also keep stock from feeding properly. The loss of milk from this cause is one of the serious problems that face the dairy farmer.
a snappy after-dinner talker, an occasional enthusiastic Broadwayite, a raconteur of modest but fascinating
Robust and mighty of
MAGIC readtxe 6
Why Wait for War
to learn real food values? It is what you digest, not what you eat, that furnishes strength for the day’s work. Many foods tax the digestive powers to the utmost without supplying much real nutriment. Shredded Wheat Biscuit is all food and in a form that is easily digested. It is 100 per cent, whole wheat. For breakfast, dinner or supper it takes the place of meat, eggs and potatoes. You don’t know how easily you can do without meat or potatoes until you try it. Delicious with sliced bananas, berries, or other fruits, and milk.
Made in Canada.
HANDS ACROSS THE BORDER
A Useful Model
LABEL
« BAKING
P« POWDER f
personality statut^ he rings with military melody
all over.

More little one» die during the hot weather than at any other time of
Diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera Infantum and stomach troubles come without warning, and when , medicine is not at hand to give romptly the short delay too Demeans that the child has
the year
HARNESSING VOLCANOES.


Salt scattered over the hay when going into the mow adds to palata* bility at feeding time.
A yellow warbler has been known to consume 3,f>00 plant lice in forty minutes
and value of birds to farmers and gardeners.
Natural Supply of Steam Tapped to
Run Small Engine.
i;
Mlnard'e Liniment Core* Diphtheria.

Volcanic heat ia actually being used quently lllllllllllllllllllllll to run an electric power plant furnish- passed beyond aid. Baby’s Own Fab ing electricity to a numbei of towns lets should always be kept In homes near Volterra, in south-western Tusc- where there are young children. An any, according to an interesting arti- occasional dose of the I ablets will cle in the Annalist.	prevent stomach and bowel troubles,
In that region various volcanic fis- or If the trouble comes suddenly the exist, hot with escaping steam, prompt use of the Tableth will cure
The Tablets are sold by
Add a few bread crumbs to the scrambled eggs for breakfast; they improve the dish and make the eggs go further.
L

Another proof of the industry
éd.
o
pHOKIT-MAKINU NKWS AND JOB Offices for malle In good Ontario The moat useful and Interesting
Full Information on
AB50RBINE
^TRAOE MARK WC.J.C.PAT.Off
sures
From using this to operate a small the baby horizontal engine came the idea of us- medicine dealers or by mall at 25 ing it on a larger scale. Borings cents a box from The Dr. Williams
Medicine Co., Brockvtlle, Ont
towns
of all businesses implication to Wilson Publishing Com many. 71 Adelaide Street. Toronto.
Reduces Strained, Puffy Ankles* Lymphangitis, Poll Evil, Fistula Boils, Swellings; Slops Lsmenesi and allays pain. Heals Sores, Cuts* Bruises, Boot Chafes. It is s
SAFE ANTISEPTIC AND GERMICIDE
Does not blister or remove the hair and horse can be worked. Pleasant to use. $2.00 a bottle, delivered. Describe your casé for special instructions and Book 5 M free. ABSORBING. JR., aadsepde liniment for mankind, re» Strain#. Painful. Knotted. Swollen Veina
ly • few drops required at an application. Pria*

were therefore made in the vicinity and a plentiful supply of steam with good pressure tapped. Because of its Impregnation with boraclc acid it Is not used directly, but employed to vaporize pure water. This is used to run a plant which furnishes power to five near-by towns.
Now that volcanic heat has actually been made commercially profitable we may look to see efforts made to utilize this power source elsewhere. Aetna and Vesuvius may yet be yoked to a ^municipal lighting plant. Italy's
lack of coal renders experiments in this direction unusually valuable.
SrilCELLAWZOUl
£ 1 ANCEIt. TUMOKH. LUMPS. BTC.. V. Internal and external, cured without pain by our hume treatment. Write un before too late. Dr. Heilman Medical Co, Limited. Colllngwood. Ont.
Mistaken Hint*/
A countryman journeyed to London to visit some relatives and to see the
sights
polis, he remained until patience on the part of his hosts, a married couple, had ceased to be a virtue.
Too polite to openly remonstrate, they both threw out many hints, but all in vain. “Don’t you think,” remarked the husband one day, "that your wife you?'*
“No doubt. Thanks for the suggestion: I’ll send for them.”
Fascinated by the metro-
When buying your Plano Insist os having an
“OTTO HIGEL” PIANO ACTION
I
ward
SI p«r bonk st iesirie or delivered.
W F Y0UN6. P. 0 f., 516 Lymans Bldg , Montreal, Cat •tierbloc tad Abaorbloe. Jf« am made Is Caoadti
AIvCaU,
The Physical Union of the Fighting Strength of Two Nations.
You wouldn’t exactly call It hands across the sea, because Canada Is only across a lake; but Canada Is part of England, which Is a long way from South State Street, say# a Chicago writer. Anyway, what I’m driving at is this :
,Lieutenant Colonel J. 8. Dennis, of t*cor commanding the western division of the British Recruiting Mission, recently clasped hands with Captain F. R Kenney, officer commanding the recruiting district of Northern Illinois for the United States army.
When two belligerent parties shake hands there are only two things which the referee or third party can may— either “Take your corners” or “Bless you, my children.”
I said neither. But I held my breath, for it was an impressive mo-the formal enactment In Chicago of immortal history; the physical union of the fighting strength of two great nations. And the spirit of patriotic co-operation In the common cause of Justice sanctified the alliance.
Colonel Dennis and Captain Kenney Joined In plans. What they want Is men to send to the front. Neither has any choice as to whether the men go 1% Canadian kilts or American khakis.
At every one of the dozens of scattered stations under Captain Kenney’s command volunteers of Canadian citizenship were taken for the expedl- ! tlonary forces of the Dominion; at every headquarters over which Colonel Dennis has control volunteers of American allegiance were taken for our own National Army.
Captain Kenney Is credited with being a bit oLa bearcat on the science of recruiting. But he was Immensely Impressed with the policies and ideas THE GREAT TONNAGE PROBLEM, expressed by the distinguished Canadian man of war.
Colonel Dennis says that there are 167,000 Canadians In Chicago gary, with a total population of 60,000,
¦¦ 16,000 soldiers to the front.
What then might Chicago yield T There are about 360,000 British subjects here, and some sixty five St.
George and Maple Leaf societies.
There Is no shortage" of material here-
"" ""	X________a «... 1,000,000 .... .
A thrilllngly Interesting man Is month would bring England to her
Colonel Dennis. He Is the most ver- knees satile Individual I have ever met. If 1l the last ten weeks, the submarine I suddenly to inquire In Ot- has done its worst because the sub-tawa, “Who is Dennis ?” one might mersibk fleet has begp increased by get back the typically British answer, the addition of the supersubmarine. • Who is he not t“	Yet the average loss per month has
For years he was assistant to the never exceeded 460,000 tons of Bri-president of the Canadian Pacific Rail- tish shipping, and it was John Bull’s way, Lord Sbaughnesey. He has hosts the Germans have set out to eli-fought Indians, is a veteran with ; minate honors of the South African expedl-
and children must miss
o
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
MAKE YOURSELF STRONG
0

For summer outings, the thing you need is a linen frock. It may be pink, or blue, or green, as you please, but by
„	......	_ all means you want it cut on very
of Western Canada Is by the Canadian smart ^ The pretty model shown Northern Railway, whose lines serve above .g one_pjece style and 8iip8 the newest and most productive districts of Alberta, Saskatchewan and
How to loosen a tender corn or callus eo it lifts out
without pain.
HARVESTERS READ THIS
People with strong constitutions escape myst of the minor Ills that make life miserable for others. Don't you envy the friend who does not know what a headache Is, whose digestion Is perfect, and who sleeps soundly at night T How far do you come from this description ? Have you ever made an earnest effort to strengthen your constitution, to build up your system to ward off discomfort and disease ? Unless you have an organic disease it Is generally possible to so improve your physical condition that perfect health will
The first thing to be done
The best way to the Harvest Fields

Let folks step on your feet hereon over the head like many of the after; wear shoes a size smaller If you
McCall Pattern No. Hke, for corns will never again send ,	7884, Misses' One-piece Dress (suit- electric sparks of pain through you,
part to the northward, w ere expen* | able for small women) ; in two lengths, according to this Cincinnati authority, has shown that crops are least
X
latest designs
y.
These run for the most
x
:<
x
Price, 20
en ce
variable, which means a -consequently steady demand for labor and correspondingly high average wages.
has made exceptional
arrangements for handling the Farm Laborers traffic, and Is Introducing lunch counter cars, which will permit Excursionists to be comfortably fed In
welcome relief from the
In 4 sizes; 14 to 20 years cents.
This pattern may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, Dept.
X
He says that a few drops of a drug called freezone, applfed directly upon a tender, aching corn, instantly re-# lleves soreness, and soon the entire corn, root and all, lifts right out.
Thin drug dries at once and simply , JreaSUrCS Of Half âlld Skill
shrivels up the corn or callus without
even irritating the surrounding tissue.
y
x
x fo
X
The C N R
V hr
V
W
¦	? —"
Mlnard’e Liniment Cores Garget In Cowe
Preserved by Cutlcura
If you use Cuticura Soap for every-day toilet purposes, with touches of Cuticura Ointment now and then as needed to soothe and heal the first pimples, rednesS, roughness or scalp irritation, v will have as clear a complexion ana as good hair as it is possible to have.
Sample Each Free by Mail
poet-eard “Cuticura. Dept ' Sold throughout the world.
be yours
is to build up your blood as poor blood is the source of physical weak To build up the blood Dr. Wil-
A Californian has patented a ham
A small bottle of freezone obtained mer to which nails are fed from paper any drUg store will cost very little strips, enabling a man to nail laths at
transit—a
Jostling and vexatious delays of station-lunch counter service. Special through trains will be run from Mont- many times his usual speed real, Ottawa and Toronto to Winnipeg excursion dates, to be announced The equipment will consist
and
ness
Hams’ Pink Pills is Just the medicine
Every dose helps to make blood which reaches every and every part of the body,
but will positively remove every hard or soft corn or callus from one's foot.
ou
you need new
If your druggist hasn't stocked this new drug yet, tell him to get a small bottle of freezone for you from his wholesale drug house.
FOUR WEEKS
IN HOSPITAL
on
nerve
bringing color to the cheeks, bright-to the eyes, a steadiness to the
shortly
of electric-lighted colonist cars
together with
Address
v. 8. A.
ness
hands, a good appetite and splendid
Thousands throughout the
lunch counter cars special accommodation for||||||||||||||
All particulars from nearest C.N.R. f Agent, or General Passenger Depts., Toronto, Ont., and Montreal, Que
women
Doctor Says Nuxated Iron Will Increase Strength of Delicate
People ZOO% in Ten Days
energy-
country whose condition once made them despair, owe their present good health to this medicine. If you are of the weak and ailing give Dr.
No Relief—Mrs. Brown Finally Cured by Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound.
«
one
Williams’ Pink Pills a fair trial and note the daily gain in new health and abounding vitality.
You can get these pills through any medicine dealer or by mail post paid at 60 cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Spraying with Bordeaux mixture and destroying diseased parts will check the spread of celery blight.

In many Instance suffered untold agony for years doctoring for nervous weakness, stomach,
Persons have walk without becoming tired. Next take
two five-grain tablet* of ordinary nuxated Iron three time* per dav after , .	^	¦.	. meals for two week». Then teat your
liver or kidney disease or some other «trength again and see for yourself how
ailment when their real trouble was much you have gained. I have seen
Cleveland, Ohio.-“For years I «of- \ '“k °f	the biood-How to tell.
feredeoBometime.lt seemed ae though Dr"««;
1 COUld not Btana^ studied widely both in this country and dyspepwia.
it Etny longer. It In great European rtiedtral ln»tltutions from ten to fourteen days' time simply -11 *„	I*—.,	said:	If you were to make an actual	by taking	iron In the proper form, and
uB an in my	lower	blood test on all people w ho are ill you	this, after	they had in some cases been
At times I would probably be greatly astonished «t | doctoring for months without obtaining
M„i,i kntvllv wellr ‘ the exceedingly large number who lack any benefit. You can talk as you please COU.O I.uii.iy WB1IW, | ,ron ant| who are in for no other reason about all the wonders wrought by new
for it I stepped on a than the lack of iron. The moment iron remedies, but when you come down to little etnne I	would	I* supplied all their multitude of danger-	hard facts	there Is nothing like good old
,	* , . .	xx	ous symptoms disappear. Without iron	iron to put	color In your cheeks and good
almost faint, une the blood at once loses the power to sound, healthy flesh on your bones. It Is riav I did faint and change food Into living tissue and there- also a great nerve and stomach strength-J . v i _ ! fore nothing you eat does you any good; ener and the best blood builder in the my husband was you dont get the strength out of It. world
sent for and the doc-	Your food merely passes through your	old	forms	of	Inorganic Iron	like	tincture
T nr a a t u	system like corn through a mill with the	of	Iron,	iron	acetate,	etc.,	often	ruined
Lor ( a. ,ie. 1 wasX&e rollers so wide apart that the mill can't people's teeth, upset their stomachs and ken to the hospital grind. As a result of this continuous were not assimilated and for these
After the	I	four but when I cm. ^
Mlier ine	bom*il Would Mot Ju.t the «me and runf down tr.uu.n.lyd.v.ion W. ,b. "Mr., f-m. o, o^n.c^on^. «M.
AM jfifi —£rfm*Y.«s — Restores, bad the flame paina.	other Is burdened with unhealthy fat; example. Is pleasant to take, does not
...........
Car. lor TNm. Too Cannot	Boy	N.«	Eywl	pound.	I	began taking ittb.tvery day	niaht. other, are -.--Pr and tlrA a. Max :
Optical Store»	or by Mali	Asa	for	I	Wai	Suffering a great deal. Ithas	Bnd bloodless»—but all lack Physical
SUS rSrHS'S
28-14 W. 12th St, Cleveland, Ohio.	I iong you can work or how far you can
Hlnard'e Liniment Cures Colds. Etc.
A little flour spread over the top of cakes before they are iced will prevent the icing from running off.
liver and other troubles In
MONEY ORDERS
Send a Dominion Express Money They are payable every -
organs
One of the Most Vital Questions in
the World To-Day.
Order.
where

Cal-
How long can Allied shipping withstand the hideous submarine sap at its tonnage ? This is the question on the answer to which hinges the fate of world freedom. Let us
Regularity in milking time is one of the most important elements in keeping up the flow.
sent
The only trouble was that the
very
look at the facts.
At the outset of the ruthless subma-campaign, Vice-Admiral Capelle
¦Ion
It is generally coneded that,
The manufacturers of Nuxated
NOTE. -
Iron have such unbounded confidence In it¦ potency that they authorise the announcement that they will forfeit $100 00 to any charitable Institution it they cannot take
woman under sixty who lacks
one were
Surine Eye Remedy Co.. Chic###. Free Beo*
any man or	_ wmg
Iron and Increase their strength 100 per over In four weeks time, provided
Also
Paper shirts have been issued to Japanese soldiers as a protection against cold.
as
cent, or
they have no serious organic trouble they will refund your money In any «
In which Nuxated Iron does not at least double your strength In ten days' time. It Is dispensed by all good druggists.
Montreal. May 29, '09 Minard's Liniment Co., Limited, Yarmouth, N. 8.
Gentlemen.—I beg to let you know that I have used MINARD’S LINIMENT for some time, and I find It the best I have ever used for the Joints and muscles.
Yours very truly,
THOMAS J. HOGAN.
The Champion Clog and Pedestal Dancer of Canada.
Up tq the 1st of June Great Britain tlon, has engineered road building | bad approximately 9 per cent, of where Indians had to be killed as re- ber ocean-going tonnage of ships of gularly as ties had to be laid In the	tons and over. On May 1, ac-
progrese; but he la more—he Is a cording to Lord Curzon, she had more dilettante Journalist, a devotee of art, than 16,000,000 tons of shipping in
vessels of this unit and over. She could afford to lose 1,000,000 tons per month for the next six months and ¦till have 9,000,000 tons left if she did not build a single new ship in the meantime.
Looking at it from another angle, if Germany persists in her ruthless submarine warfare at the highest rate of destruction that has been registered since February 1, it would take 166 weeks, or more than three years, to wipe out British shipping, again on the assumption that her shipyards would be idle all that time.
But England can easily build—and is building—600,000 tons a year. She gain a million additional tons by altering the so-called loadline of her ships. Likewise, she can further supplement this tonnage by converting her passenger liners into cargo vessels.
This program, it must be remembered, does not take into consideration the huge merchant marine project, of the United States, which will eventually add 8,000,000 tons of new steel shipping and 2,000,000 tons of wooden. Thus, If the U. 8. vessels are ravaged by submarines at the same rate as the British, there will still be immunity against any permanent impairment lie food lanes of the world will remain open.
Docto rs an d Eye Specialists Agree
That Bon- Opto Strengthens Eyesight S0% In a Week's Time In Many Instances
retracted micro*
. Bon-Opto used
¦train arising from p scoplcal research work according to directions rendered a surprising service. I found my eyes remarkably strengthened, so much so 1 hare put aside my glasses without discomfort Several of my colleagues have also used It and we are agreed as to
under my
Preerrlptlon Ton Ou. H..» I	«8,
SBIlHnhHP
m

îtï
results. In a few days, observation, the eyes of an astigmatic case were so Improved that glasses have been discarded by the patient."
Eye troubles of many descriptions may be wonderfully benefited by the use of Bon-Opto and If you want to strengthen your eyes, go to any dmg store and get a bottle of Bon-Opto tablets. Drop one Bon-Opto tablet In a fourth of a glass of water and let It dissolve. With this liquid bathe the eyes two to four times dally. Toa should notice your eyes clear up perceptibly right from the start, and Inflammation aad redness will quickly <l « appear, rven a little it
A Perfect Day
should end begin —with a perfect food, say—

well as
quickly
Grape-Nuts
with cream.
vs pre-
can
If your eyes bother you Is your duty to take steps to save them sow before It is too late. Many hopelessly blind might have aaved their eight If they had cared for their eyes In time.
A rlty phrwieun to
xxx\ \Vx
A crisp, delicious food, containing -the entire nutriment of whole wheat and barley, including the vital mineral elements, richly provided by Nature in these
Every table should have He daily ration of Crape-Nuts. .
\i
"“DODDS
Ikidney
IiT*
œ.vs
glasses fn
giass<
I
the stove
SO
riallete mad wMety pr»aortb#4 by
grama
prertlce es
•treàaei threw**
1 ess highly
t
k, watery, echlng, smartlaa
of
It le
»
st
D1
KIDN&\ L°nt s o*
wear gl
no
fl «
"There's â Reason"
h B Is as
»
psleet
•thSeal
fib»* »
ny leeta
ÎTmW me who was suffering
Blepharitis Marginalls with all
ermcomltast
the

bv all good druggists. Uacludi
Paper clubs for policemen, practical-Indestructible, have been invented an Ënglisbman
lrenersl St pros; Kales a Ca.
log Ie
Hy eyes we
l r
Dr. Con
ÏÏÎTB
by
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
MANCE NALL, SHAWVILLE i
tlu* reaping of party advantage when the country is engrossed with the tremendously vital issues of a world-racking conflict sols of those men not prevail in the end, Canada's efforts to win the war will be seriously compromised.
THE EQUITY.
Industrial 1-rogress.
The Factory Inspector, in his re-)oA to the New Brunswick Provincial Legislature, states that last veur vas uoted for its activity and protress along industrial lines nanufacturlng plants, with very few exceptions, have boon operated to hoir full capacity. In many cases in >rder to keep up with their Incream ng business it was found necessary o voik overtime ibliged to continue for the twenty-'our hours with two shifts. The Jif-Iculty that has confronted the manu-'acturer has been the securing of luffleient competent help. The leniency during the past few years has >een onward, and the outlook for he future is bright and encourag-
D£."
THF FVTVRR OF TANC'OVVKR
CANADIAN PACIFIC
RAILWAY
o
SHAWYILLE, AUG. 16, 1917.
Xml should tlu* coun
O. Y. H. LODGE. No. H04, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. ni.
W. E. N. Hoduin*,
Hec.-Secy.
All
G. G. Mc'Dowkli W. M.
The Jewish population of Warsaw, il of Poland, is reporti\l to he dy
Strange, it is only ds that we hear of the woe
FARM LABORERS
«1
L. (). L No. 27. meets 1m Tuesday of each
mont li
Edward Dal*
W. M.
v of -starvation
War Veterans Denounce Convention.
The War Veterans’ Association of W innipeg, <li<l not take long to place itself on record as to what it thought of the Liberal (machine) Convention. Note the following resolution : —
“That we read with amazement and M'om the resolutions passed ; that the >o called win the-war resolution as adopted b\ the convention is a nuvkery and an insult to the Canadians at the front, cunningly twisted words de-lilterately intended to simulate a conscription resolution without in any way binding the LiIhtuI party ; that the
endorsement of Sir Wilfrid, the acknowledged leader of a part of the Dominion which is solidly against conscription, is an insult to western Canadians, and the nomination of such a man as leader i> totally incompatible with any win the war resolution ; that we denounce the majority of the delegates to the convention as party politicians, a- men who made no attempt to avoid a general election at the most critical time in the Umpire s history. In short, we denounce the men as traitors to the country '
r\
IU:u. Hoduins, Secy.
KOYALSC UILKT i'll AT THU meets on t lie 11th "I . i It month
II. N. Ilommis.
\V. Comp. In Com
Others were
( misery in that most unfortunate
The Him inti care that little leaks
i
TO
l unhappy country
i
vatic rs take g
Yet there can he no doubt dis gaunt and grim, stalks through its most hideous form,
WINNIPEG
Rko. Hoimiins. Com. Scribe.

t ress
the land in stamping the seal of death u|sm its
Shingles for Sale.
Plus Jo. per mile beyond
Excursions August 16 and 28, 1917
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingle* on hand for sale. Apply to
H.T. ARGUE,
Slmwvillc, Quo.
scores ot victims
Splvntliil Harbor May He National iz«xl in the Near Future.
From all Stations in the Piovlnce of Quebec ; also Station* in <he IVovince of Ontario —Brook ville, Smiths Falls, North Hay Aivl Last,
FARE RETURNING :	|c. per mile to Winnipeg plus $18 to
starting point.
No change of cars between East and West
on the C P. R.
For information apply to nearest Van. Vac. Agent or to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shnwvllte.
Regarding the political situation at Ottawa, the impression exists that the session will close within three that the cabinet will K* re-con-
4
However the much-discussed question of the administration of the port of Vancouver Is finally settled, there can t>e no doubt that the matter Is an Important and, to a certain extent,
t
FOR SALE
Weeks
structcd with the inclusion of five 01 six win-the-war Liberals
will then In* dissolved and the ns follow about October 20.
30 acres of HaV, mostly clover.
IL W. HUDGINS,
Shawville
that Varlia
an urgent one. There is a very widespread and well-founded conviction abroad that the coming of peace will witness very great developments in trade in the Far Fast, and nowhere will such developments be felt more certainly than in the Far West; whilst nowhere In the Far West are they likely to be felt more certainly than In Vancouver. Vancouver Is already a great port, but, with its eighty miles of water front and forty miles of anchorage, it is clearly destined to be a much greater one.
For some time past, the wisdom of the policy adopted by the harbor commissioners has been seriously questioned, especially in regard to the tax of three cents per nft register ton on the shipping that enters the port. It is contended that this tax. which is not levied In Montreal, for instance, has a tendency to keep shipping away from Vancouver, and that if the port were placed under national control, and the tonnage tax abolished, the advantage to the country. generally, would be very great.
It was for this purpose, of course, that the delegation of the Vancouver Hoard of Trade visited Ottawa, recently. The delegation has not yet made its report, but it is almost common knowledge that It will he very much in favor of the nationalization of the port of Vancouver on the same line* as Montreal. Montreal eliminates all harbor dues, and is practically free to shipping, charges against cargo being very small, and limited to certain classes of outbound merchandise.
It is a time for far-reaching and courageous policies, and, as the
ment
elect
Meanwhile important legislation dealer with the Franchise will likely k
CLUBS.
5
?
to bring the •Iteration will
put through, and steps Military Service Act into
TIME OF MEETING :
Motion Vouna. llarlier mid McDow-11 That the Secretary prepare a collet* tioii roll and proceed to collect taxes accordingly.—t 'arrivd.
By law No 5», levying 12 mills on the dollar on every dollar in the collection roll, for municipal and ltonus pur-Itosvs was then passed and homologated.
IK «LK sSsSS
Si i-SSSSa A-i—
the probable cost.
J. Mallwh apKared asking that the , 1,1 lioss l’oint road W cl.wil to trathe.	>,llt0° M.-f .uire.
Moved by Henderson and Horner < iforge T. agg. that before any action lie taken in the J- harles l a nar,
%h:Ukt%:,x.rwh#t,,uth,,nty	sun^ z
Moved by Henderson and Campliell Stewart Stark,	100
is s
Moved by Campbell and Graham that	.V^V*
s f.ttesa.... »
per cent to the Roll, as prepared, and \v^/ n ar ,uu* then accepted and homologated.	* ' *	*
Moved by VampMI and Henderson George Dunlop,
that the following hills be ,,aid :	8t“r^,n-
S. A. Mackajr, fee re. appointing a jud- •inion liar kt,
i, i.il adviser for Thomas Black ? :•:> 20	,^ls,1HT’ "rdlnftry’
Pedlar People Ltd., bill steel	" e8,v>' "^'"8’
Bristol Council Minutes
llV tfllxVll
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin
<
Bristol, Aug. 0, 1917.
The Municipal Council of Bristol met
Present—Mayor
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
The serving of beef and bacon on Tuesdays and Fridays in public eating places in Canada, is forbidden by an (hder in Council passed at the instance ut Food Controller Hanna tl ty- these meats may be list'd at only fuie meal in force.
on the above date
VunmWll and Councillors Mcladlan
Henderson, Horner, Graham and Camp bell.
1
Sir Richard McBride Dies in
London
On other
The death occurred in England last week of Sir Richard McBride, former Premier of British Columbia, who went to the old country about a year ago to take the jH»st of Agent General for his native province.
. Sir Richard McBride was born at New Westminster on Decent l ht 1 \
1870, son of the late Arthur McBride, formerly warden, of the B. C. Penitentiary. He was educated at Dalhousic University, and in 1S02 was called to the bar. He unsuccessfully contested for the House of Commons in Ism;.
He was returned to the Legislature for Dcwdney in 1898, 1900 and 1903.
From 1907 until last year he represented Victoria city. He was Prime Minister of British Columbia for 13 years. Before the last provincial election he resigned and was ap|x>itited representative of British Columbia in London.
Sir Bit Richard posst-^rd , in**-î .it
tractive personality and was a limn of I tremendous part played by transport many distinguishing characteristics. No In the great business of supplying the more |h.pillar |K>litical leader ever oc-upied the stage in the public life of
These regulations are now The Order also restricts the f white bread and prohibits the f wheat for the distillation of alvo-hol, unless such alcohol is to la* used for manufacturing or munitions purges, and then only under license. Heavy penalties are provided for anyone contravening the provisions of the
Order- in -Council.
Wyman, -Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday,
ot each month.
U>(
US
1"
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
$ 92 44 174 *85 117 90 45 20 139 75
— FOR —
S h n w v i 11 e and District
TO SKI.L FOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1017. and Spring Planting. 1918. including many new varieties which we alone control.
mention of Western Lilnrals held at Wimtijivg la>t week, which was looked forward to with much interest throughout Canada, was marked by at least two outstanding features, in comparison with which all others were of minor significance, so far as the aims aiul objects of the gathering was von-
Oue feature was the manifest dedre and intention to win the next election if possible, and to win it thru" the agency of the old, extreme partisan lient* which have hitherto done i vice, and in virtue of the leadership t Sir Wilfrid Laurier and tl
The
100 90
m 5.p> 31 25
Sent! for new illustrated catalogue; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. • Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
53 50
317 3U 109 50
STOXK and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
rned
world with food is more thoroughly realized. It will be seen that the highest efficiency in the land and water transport services, in all their many ramifications, is one of the first demands of any commonwealth great port like that of Vancouver is a national possession, and It should iplM.rt Machine Politics Played Big be developed from this standpoint.
Hf> 2v 80 50 145 75 130 00 —Carried Conns. Sinclair and Me
Ontario
Toronto
t
Canada.
At a comparatively early age, he died a victim of Bright * disease.
CANADIAN
V PACI FIC
RAILWAY 00.
Homeseekers*
Excursions
A
culverts
Pon. K. Tel. Co. yearly rental, lb Sheppard, road work Mrs.
Scott,
,L Cruickshank, road work J.
Hoy,
Johnston Henderson, repairing road grader,
J. D. Bussell, supplies to Thos.
Black,
An Indian named Neas | Jas. Marks, 12 days valuating
•2.50,
F. Armstrong,
ioodwood on the river above High C. McNamara, 11 “
Falls, which have a drop of some 80 Geo. T. Drummond, valuators feet, when the tree am which they clerk 12 days at *•> 50
z°7£Xïr£,rz,::i„“î «	... »'•
The baby was probably killed by Moved by Graham ami Horner that he fall with the timber over the the Secretary write Clarendon Council 'alls, but Mrs. Twain escaped with a re. opening of town line opposite lot 1, compound fracture of the leg. Twain range 8, Bristol.
uanaged to rescue his wife and re- Moved by Cam pi tell and Henderson .
• r the body of the baby. Then	that J.	McNeill and	Andrei Milks be	harried	„	,
oegan the trying journey to clviliza-	notified	to have the	steel pijies knight	.	Meeting adjourned to meet at « all of
ion, which required seven days, days for their divisions put in place at once ; •<>vvrvtar>i ¦ f untold torture for the Indian woman, who suffered the pain of losing he child, along with the compound facture, from which the bones were protruding through the flesh number of portages had to be made ind the woman taken out of the ;anoe many times
-eal River was reached, however,	notified	to open out	the drain in «pies
nwlng to the high water of late	tion if it requires it.
wring weather, most of the rapids Moved by Henderson and Horner jn the Montreal were safely navi- that W. J. Drummond Ik* ap|»ointod to Day
*ated without portaging. Besides jn8jH	municipal drain in rang! 2, ,arkabh* when it falls to a lad «
ES&wz %	...... »...........................
HSÂS
leg had to be nmpuuwd, a« the Moved l,y McLellan Mid Horner that	,hr war he u-lMged to the
jones were badly broken and eplln- tin* eounnl do now adjourn.	|8th and wtu,„ the war was declared
O. F. Divmmond, w took up garrison duty at Toronto
Kec.-Treas. slard. At the age o. sixteen he enisled in an overseas battalion, which •ecrulted in Toronto, and went with
Minutes of Clarendon Council I t to Rrarashot Camp. He was an/-
ous to go to the front, but was deal ned on account of his youth. He s at present In Wit ley Camp train-
160 85 8 00
t'X j <
Motion
Dow vil -that the following bills be
paid ;
Harry McDowell,
3 00
hi* anti-conscript ion ist f< Wowing ii
•35 no
19 85 6 89
2 90 162 00 6 OO
Part at Convention
A Tragedy of the Woods.
A tragedy of the Northern Ontario
Hal. work done under II. McD.
Legal Blank Printing Co.
Langford Strutt,
Pedlar People,
Tlios. Palmer, rural insjiector,
H. T. Argue, 0200 ft. cedars $15
pei n.
Wm. Cameron, cedars, $15 perm. 20 40
Archie Grier,
Mrs. Alfred Murphy, 1 sheep killed,
E. T. Hodgina, 6 on amount of dog tax collected By him.—Carried.
Motion- Conns. Bark r and McDowell —That the Bristol Council lie notified to oj*en up Bristol town line I Between the 6th eon. Clarendon, and the 5th of Bristol before Nov. 1st, 1917.—
The other feature was the


1 60
. .	,	Winning, Aug. 10.—Sir Wilfrid Lm
1	1,11 1 1 ' " 11	1 ' hlb ,|l,u~ ; I rivr lia> lieen officially endorsed as t ie woods, of which there are many that
ireftilly phrased resolution- to hood-1|mailer of the Western Liberals, I ,t the outside world never hear any-wink the public into the belief that the i there was an ini|*ortant section of ilie bing, occurred west of Elk Lake, «invention favored the Hicv of com- delegates, chiefly front Manitoba and	non tbe WaP°ose Rlver * fpw
iÆt.:» “ |	%—'-»—« '«
vention represents the great body of
To those on the outside it is gratify-1 western Liberals, is now a vexed question.
1 00
a c
10 00
To Manitoba. Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, May to October, 1917.
Good going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 30tu, 1917. Return limit two calendar months from date of sale.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER.
Agent Shawvllle.
93 00
30 00 30 00 27 50
\
•2.50
3 00
war front
12 00
30 00
ing to know that some who attended mention were not in accord with
There is little doubt that British Columbia and A Berta were represented by machine politicians, but Manitoba
controlled the gathering. Mr. I uni if— I not and Saskatchewan had in its repre-
«>•> i • •_ ! i f h i 1 as a strong i«artisan -1 sentation many earnest utd independent
It xx i- in then two latter pi vi nces where the anti-Laurier sentiment
tl
the aims of the machine i«oliticians who
wa s
was not satisfied with the convention s | u!en war resolution, and he excised the in einccrity of that masterly piece of du
was strongest
.	, - Of the four Premiers, Norris, Brew
plicity, by proposing that the \\orti> -.ter »iml Sifton avre Unionists and Con -
- by compulsion if necessary lie added j script ionists, but they could not stem
to the clause regarding keeping np rc- Hie wave of Lturierism, and have prac-
inforeumwls to Canada’. army at the	'hemadvea to Sir
Rut the machmc politicians, who The convention was anti-war, anti onccrned with winning the | conscription and pro-Laurier, but was
killfully handled by the party um-
E. T. Hoik; ins, Sec.-T ream
also that Andrew Milks Ik? notified to repair the bridge on the sideline road between lots 14 and 15, range 2.
A letter was read from las. McNally re. condition of drain on 8th con. line. Moved by McLellan and Campbell When the Mont- I that the path master in this division be
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
A
Blew the Last Post
The sole head of a family, TVr any male over 18 years old, who w as at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to k\ a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Allfcrta. Applicant must appear in i«erson at Dominion Linds Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of in
To a Toronto boy, Scrgt. Bugler Edward George Evans, belongs the îonor of being the leader of the bug->prs who blew the last post to the alien Canadians In the service held n Westminster Abbey on Dominion The honor Is all the more re-
fmnt
ire more
lion than the war, would not have! so s
Having vruclaiined that Laurier, I	that those sentiments except <>n
the issue of the leadership, were concealed.

the pronounced opponent of conscription, was the only leader under whom they were willing t forced to reject Mr. Turriff * proposal
There will not l«e a Laurier Li I «era I the) \\ * j elected in Manitoba or British Columbia
is the opinion of the Li lierai conscrip-
XVhen fieopleor individual» tindvrtakel Honists in X\ inn q eg and indeed it is
an-tin» ', to rarry out certain schemes	if	Li lierai candidate.
.. ,	.	,	. .	... will l*e nominated m any Manitoba or
•y dishonest methods, it U remarkable I ^itish Columbia const it uences.	In
how discomfiture providentially over- Manitol^a the Grain Growers will place
Dr. Neely, M. P., thejcai *t»- in rural constituencies and
in British Columbia Unionists and Conscript ionists will receive the party nom-i nat ions.
3ergt. Evans' age, ho being only 18
serve
ree years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price 13.00 per acre.* Duties— Reside six months in each of tflree years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain* pre-emption |wtent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining hottest cad patent, if he cannot secure a pre emp tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain district*.
Must reside six months in each
ered
* them
ver of the war resolution, furnishes a
Roiling IN ad Orman*.
Germany has claimed that the announcement that they were extracting fats from the bodies of dead soldiers was based on a mistake.
They say the bodies referred to were	Sham ville, August 6th, 1917
:hoae of horses, and that It	was	Regular meeting	of the	Clarendon	| AS *be	buglers of many battalions
asued by the veterinary.	Council held this date in Hynes’ hall at
»^ncap,tü“de yof ni Dally “Z '%%%, “ M p w n ,	Wa. M, mor.b,» I».,
%	Onuncillor* Bar.2,. Da)e, McDowel. Ù |B ThCryT
1911. After dealing with staff in- Hfdpn*.	ston, for It was on this day, 1841.
i portions, special courses, transport	Minutes of last	meeting	read ami	just 76	years ago, that the sitting of
matters, etc., there is found under adopted on motion of courts. IWber and the first Parliament of Canada .he sub-bead Delivery to Corpse McDowell.	held In the small frame building next
Utilization Establishments, the	fol-	Rills were then discussed until noon,	to St. Paul's Church, Queen street,
owing order:	After dinner, same memtiers present, Kingston. In this building, which Is
It has become necesaary once more *l*o Conn Sinclair.	"	still intact and occupied, the mem
» l.y «tree, on the fnct that when The Valuation II.,Il wa. then I,nought b*r» °f »h« Parliament of Canada corpses are sent to the corpse utilisa- / rw,irrl ,m,i fw.,nined	went ,nl° leM,on to mm? on the
sSÏSSrS
îaaes, If any, are to be furnished at '** Am* 11 here.ky homologated with«mt Lord Sydenham, Oovernor-Oeneral ol be same time.”	change. Carned.	Canada, and after this event the
This order leave# no room	for	Motion—Conns.	Hodgin*	and Sin-	Gazette	du Canada publlabed Its first
Joubt that the Kaiser Is demanding clair—That Valuators be (aid $50.00 extra In Kingston. The guard ol jnprecedented services from his sub- each, and an ailditional $15.00 to Rae honor to the Governor-General wai
furnished by the u

striking example tbut resolution—<designed to enlist pub-
Iii the framing of
The resolution favoring national gov-^yinpathy and support— be was par- ernment was forced by fear that the
llarly careful that the words M con- j Grain Growers would bolt the conven-
president of the Grain Growers Grain . < \x lio will lie a candidate for a Mani-thcr harshly u|*»n tin- ears of that ele- toba constituency but will not accept a
mont to whom the machine looks for a party nomination.
lid mupport. Yet only a few days pivviously Dr. Neely voted for conscrip tion in the Hon.*? of Common*, again*! the man he wi*he* to place at the head of the government. The few api*irealty harm lea* word* *ugge*ted by Mr.
Turriff revealed Neely's incon*i*teiiey, and the hypocri*y of hi* position.
Genuine Liberalism in Canada is not
i with the
mpubdon did not ap «1- »ubtl
scnption «»f j-ear—they would
G
gnu
Price $3.00 |ier

of three year*, cultivate 50 acres' and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holder* of entrie* must count time of employment a* farm labourer* in Can ada during 1917, a* residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served oversea* and have been honorably discharged, receive oue day priority in applying for entry at ')t'ao#e#
Discharge papers must he presented to Agent.
At the close of the convention a mc*-ge wa* read from Sir Wilfrid Laurier to the effect that the resolution* adopted were satisfactory and the result cheer*

iuu
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
«y m pathetically irnpn Winnipeg gathering'* e chine work


For sale n property sit unfed on the xbibition of ma- north *ide of Lang St., being lot No. M.
A good dwelling house, stable, kitchen True Liberalism a* reprv nnd well. Very centrally located. For
««•nted hjr Guthrie, Rowell, Vkrke »nd perticeter. to K M()., AIC ethers stands for something better than ; 44	' Shaw ville. Que
W W. CORY,
Mty Mlnlsti the Int» l'nenthorised publication #

N B -
this advertisement will not be paid for
lects both dead and alive
Wilson for secretary work,—Carried.

^26166
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
| Countess Tells >: About Hindenburg
IMPORTANT TO
Ladies’ Apparel
4 Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests.
Published every Thersda 7
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
S JBSORÎPTION, $1 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
tar All arrears most be paid up before
any piper is discontinued.
—----0------
advertising hates.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per fine or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Insecte I until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-dished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
FARMERS

SHOULD nay Htndenburg was a great brute—bo ruth-lens, bo terrible spoke the Countess de Tur-cynowlcy, a Canadian girl, during a recent visit to friends in the Dominion. She shuddered as she spoke, as
i
a
Thus
Summer Wash Skirts
Farmers who are looking forward to purchasing
Binders For Next Year’s Harvest
Summer Wash Skirts in good weight of white . This season’s styles with large pockets.
$1.25, to clear at $1.00
are strongly advised to place their orders at once
and Accept Delivery This Year
in order to take advantage of current prices. If they wait for delivery next year, their Binders will
cost from forty to fifty dollars more than 1917 prices.
It is very important that intending purchasers should know this, and thus he in a position to make a very substantial saving in the cost of a New Binder. But there is no time for delay. You must act at once to be on the safe side. I may add that all companies will be affected the same, with regard to the advance in next year's prices.
if a horrible black cloud had for a moment shut out the face of the nun streaming in through her windows, a* she recalled the awful memories of life in a country occupied by the merciless "hero" of Germany and him dissolute, cruel, butchering men.
"There was a great scattering of officers when he arrived at my house," she went on, "yet I could not bear to look at him. I felt as If I saw people being killed—being Irresistibly, mercilessly crushed to death. He's just like bis pictures—very big, very red, very ugly, very horrible. He drinks so terribly—oh, so terribly— but they all do, for that matter. Nothing Is too tiny for him to attend to, no humiliation so small that he will not IInd pleasure In signing.
"One night I had to get up at 3 o'cloc k in the morning to make coffee for him and the staff," she went 'They ate and drank all the time. Every day a mountain of bottles had to be taken away."
Yet Hindenburg was always polite to the Countess, although he refused the only request she made to him. Two of her maids had disappeared, oné of them a sweet girl of seventeen. Waiting on the "great brute" at table one day, a menial In her noble husband's house, she gently begged that they might be restored. He refused.
Countess de Turcynowicz was formerly Miss Laura Blackwell, of Georgetown and St. Catharines. She became a grand opera singer and while touring E-rope met her husband, a Polish nobleman, at present inspector-general of the sanitary division of the Russian army. She settled down with him at Suwalki, in Poland, .just on the borders of East Prussia, happy with her little girl, Wanda, and her twin boys, Stanislav and Hladislaw, when war came. These boys are now in a little school near New York. She is now touring In the Interests of the Russian Red Cross and British War Relief.
The things this young-faced woman, whose fair hair has turned white through suffering, could tell of Prussian fiendishness are unprintable. When, in September, 1914, the Germans came to Suwalki she escaped in a trainful of Cossack wounded to Warsaw
repp
Middies
*
or with
Girl’s and Misses’ Middies in plain white, wide pink or blue stripes from 10 years up to size 38.
To clear at 20 p. c. discount.
.ion PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Batiste Muslin
R. J. HAMILTON
on
Professional Cards.
5
Three pieces of Batiste Muslin, white background with pink and gold Mowers, or pink flowers with small black stripe. Iteg. 15c. per yd. to clear at 11c.
MASSEY HARRIS AGENT.
DR. A. H. BEERS
TAILORING
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Ray
Qtm.
«Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
(Licentiate of Dental Surgery. Quebec.
1
Children’s Sox
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
Sizes 4 to 5i Per Pair 25c.
In colors of pink, tan, sky.
GRAY. BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
SCHOOL BOOKS
Que.
Rain Coats,
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
All ready for School Opening, with Scribblers, Pens, Pencils, Ink, Erasers, Rubbers.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
It was an
awful night," she exclaimed, "and yet in the light of later things It seems to me happy and sweet that night spent with my children in a ;attle trainful of suffering Russians.” When the Germans were driven out she returned to Suwalki. "My first feeling," she said, "when
. _	....	, I reached my home was that I want-
A ¥ rench soldier, private Ambro^ 3d t0 put my head out of the window
Perrlehon. owes his life to a ”'irn* into the clear, pure air. The place
circus horse, which Picked h • I wa8 hideous, awful—well, you know
when he was lying on the flI Id o Ly at>0ut that!" and a shrug of the
battle, and carried him into •* Moulders told all the unutterable French lines, says a correspondent Lorr0r of |t.
in the Horsoshoer s Journal. Both	"you are no longer a human being
the soldier a legs were shattered <>	you’re jn occupied territory," she
à German Quickflrer. W hen night wenl on "The second coming of the he heard near him the k ;i\> I Armans, on February 11,	1915,
sounded like a nightmare. They had just won the great battle of Augus-towa and rounded up 40,000 Russians.
D. R. BARRY, K. C.
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, *C-
MARKET FOR
an onn commicatto».
matter, and to induce a rar-seeing reconsideration of a question of greatest national importance.
•Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tW Visit# Shawville every Saturday
the
PULPWOOD
Haw Material Question I» Now Undci y	Discussion.
Horse Save# Soldier
Without, for a moment, entering upon the great discussion of Free Trade versus Protection, it may be said that free trade has, at any rate, the advantage of simplicity. To he able to carry one's goods, and one's person, for Instance, to any part of the world with the same unquestioned ease as from Alberta to Saskatchewan, or from Dorset to Devon, would be, surely, to approach the very Ideal of simplicity, all consequence, for the moment, bekig ruled _ _UA. .rr	,out of consideration. Such a condi-
ADVClCATfc	tlon would, at any rate, avoid "the
BARRI 5TER dt SOLICITOR complications of the tariff." In no
n < atodut to ha V HTTP* connection, perhaps, are these com-tAMrübLLb JjAI, V ^ I plications seen more clearly than In
phase the
trade in Canada, underlying a tariff discussion, which took place, recently, at a meeting of the Canadian Manufacturers' Association at Winnipeg. The fiscal arrangements of the Dominion, make the provision that, when the Canadian manufacturer Imports raw material, he shall, of course, pay the necessary Import
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
&c
A i vooate i Barrister
196 Main St. - Hull.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
:arae
breathing of a great white horse, which munched the short grass. The animal was riderless and he whistled to It and began to clap it kindly. The horse whinnied with pleasure. Perrichon was powerless to make the slightest effort on his own behalf, ihe animal seemed to understand, for it fell on Its knees beside him, held its head over his breast, and remained motionless. Then It got up and walked around the soldier. At last it stopped, sniffed the wounded all over and then, selling his leather waistbelt in Its teeth. It Lifted him from the ground and galloped off
n the advance French lines at daybreak Its human burden was more than a wreck RBBBBRB
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and
"When the Germans arrived at my home I said, I’m an American; you __ _ can't intimidate me.' Next day the | u. N. R R&llW&yS. prisoners began to arrive. What hideousness! What terrible sights!
Men were driven along through the streets like dogs In the slush. Russians were lashed to the guns. They clubbed them; they killed them. For punishment some of them were shut for two weeks in a church without rood and water ill die.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed «nesday and Shawville every Saturday.
LAWN BEOS., Campbells Bay.
Devlin St. Marie & Ducios
man
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, io
No; they did not A few came out—a very
HULL
191	ST imÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊItÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊt
~ Will attend Courts and Business In the I duty; but. if he is manufacturing for
export, be Is entitled to a rebate on this duty. He cannot, however, obtain any such rebate from the home producer of raw material, whose » now
prices are, in turn, necessarily gov- sergeant, who knows a lot about erned by the prices induced by a gen- worses, mays the animal which ma PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR eral 8ystem of protection. The effect al» life was before tL- war in a Ger-
BJalaSas» a
PlâU4 Lines, Boundaries. &c.	lion the very reverse of satisfactory.	Children died like flies from disease.
Some twenty years ago, when the	Nurse Received Decoration.	fhey tied the Russian priest and
great Slocan mine area was at the jU8t a >ear ago last Christmas Eve fewlsh rabbi together and dragged height of Its popularity, mining was 4 ^ttie band of nurses left Toronto hem down the street. Some Rus-Hvll.	considered a good and safe invest-	3nder the charge of Miss Helen Me-	ilan nuns were imprisoned there,
ment. Capitalists were willing and	Munich to join the French Flag	Their sufferings were awful."
even eager to finance sound mining ^orps. Instituted to provide trained The German system is curious, ac-enterprlses, and Canadian mineral	British nurses for strengthening	wording to the Countess. The ofTl-
P C A DP C	UVMPQ	resources were in a fair way to being	French hospitals, no nursing division	;ers are severe beyond measure with
L CUffuC n I lw KO adequately exploited. Like all booms,	for more bravery or sacrifice, heir men, but at times give them
however, the mining boom of the for the stipend of such is $208 a permission to indulge in unlicensed '90s was overdone. Mines fsited to feai.f &nd their work is carried on so luantitLes of liquor, which makes
Embalmar and Funeral Director I fulfill expectations; whilst watered iear' the firing line that it is never hem Insane and commit acts of
stock and bogus companies, combln- permitted to name the place where cruelty to the conquered people, ed with the constant wear of advan- bey are located. Among those At last, after seven and a half tageously placed foreign competition, French Flag nurses that left Toronto nonths of horror, the countess redid the rest. Mining very distinctly	*aa Madeleine Jaffray, of Galt,	ured leave	to go to Berlin.	When
PdPSJnallttention.ODenallhours, dropped out of favor, until to-day, In	laughter of Mr. J. P. Jaffray. Cana-	he military	train in which	she tra-
_______I spite of the impetus which the war	|jan Government agent at Philadel-	eled reached Margrabowa, near
has given to all such Industries, the	^hla. And to Miss Madeleine Jaffray	lerlin, she and her children were
banks still regard mining as savor-	fauen the proud honor of being aken out on the platfdVm. There
Ing far too much of a gamble to come	he first Canadian nurse to receive	vas not even a place to sit down.
,	_	-	a mm . M I	within the purview of sound finance.	[h9 Croix de Guerre of France.	)ne of her children lay almost dying
and tMBA L hrl I IM Le The whole question certainly calls For on the 4th of June, while on n, her arms.
for careful consideration. That the	]uty at a moveable hospital next to	he murmured.
mining Industry In Canada Is sound	be very firing line, the Germans	'Englishwoman?" shrieked a Ger-
enough is shown beyond any doubt	Celled the hospital, and Miss Jaffray	nan woman	standing near.	Not
by the tremendous extent to which It	vu wounded in the foot. So full of	Cngltsh, but	American," she	replied,
has, lately, attracted foreign capital,	^miration at her courage were the	>ut they cursed and spat on her. If
...................	.	, In view, therefore, of the enormous	French that all the generals of the	hey ever start a revolution In Ger-
x 11 calls will	receive	prompt per , mineral wealth of Canada, and the	division visited her, and Just three	nany,” she remarked, "the women
tonal attention	I rapid growth of manufacture, which	laye later Bhe received the wonder-	rill be fiends
the futaie quite evidently ha>	; < rf>jX de Guerre.	In Berlin the was Identified as an
store for the country. It Is certain that the fiscal arrangements should not be allowed to militate, as they undoubtedly do at the present time, against the development of Its
omit rie» Afk for oor INVBN.1 min#.. A. for . romrdj. “""U.
TOR • ADVISER.which will be sent free, obviously, more than one. The great MARION & MARION.	n~d at the moment however. Is to
M4 University fit* Montréal. I	a mar# general Interest In the
When the horse stopped
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
few
little
"Oh, if people could only know ibout life under Prussian rule. Girls iisappesrfi#^^ggB0BflRgRjggB aever seen again lid come back—unrecognizable. Occasionally their masters led them out for an airing, to keep them alive, just like animals.
"The German idea is to rule by Every day was a lifetime.
District of Pontiac
But tender care
since brought him round and he
Perrichon's
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
ias
Sometimes they were Sometimes they
convalescent
GEORGE E. MORENCY
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order dsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
(MINI
Bx.3Ut.dl carefully to the eatlefae-
tlon or partie».
182 Wellington St
Phone : Queen 3230.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Main Street,Shawville.
When you require Printing*
call at
4
UNDERTAKING
Poor little dearie," forgetting herself.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
W. J. HAYES


SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw #
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.

I
Vroerlean by a member of the Em*
»ssy who had heard her sing the American National Anthem nine
Thanks-
living dinner In Berlin Small things iften change fate. She had to detroy the copy of her marriage cer-1 Orate, which stated her Canadian
The Sacred Monkey,
In Benares, India, there has been for many years a temple for the option of monkeys, and It la one nf the most costly buildings there The followers of Brahma	M
mimai sacred.
J
L
ears before at an A
ROM
Pontiac's Only Newspaper

bold this
4rth

###PAGE###6###
SUB. BARRIER IN
ENGLISH CHANNEL
NEW GERMAN DECEPTIONS.
the present war broke out. and was put In command of an infantry division, the same one which has won great fame In this war. the noted Forty-eighth, called by the enemy the *
¦¦llllei
asses	=SEbh|
SOLDIERS IN MANY	%T Z^l" tC	SÜ Sî£«“ .National by ponding to theac „iKnaU of
....
bU°ywith them. But the patrol boats
hand, and two of the three
returned to their
GEN. KORNILOFF : MILITARY GENIUS
ÜÜ»
the Difficulty of
Which Increase
Fighting the Submarine.
whole campaign against the
is becoming m-because of a
THE BARRAGE IS CONSTANTLY
PATROLLED.
HE IS RUSSIA’S MOST BRILLIANT
GENERAL
\s+r-rse
Series of Obstructions Stretched From the British to the French
Coast.
one
you
Occasionally the comes loose, and it is important that the beginner should learn to set it. This trouble is shown by the fact that the engine will not start when cranked, but gives only one or two explo-•ions. Where an engine has been running properly and the above trouble develops, inspect the interrupter immediately .
Spark plug procelains crack from
A chance blow
on
a variety of causes
wrench while tightening, pull-
and
from a
the plug heats up cracks the porcelain
Do not wipe dust from your car
the bearings
WOMEN’S WORK
IN THE ARMY
are in
replace
nurses who are
Office, and they, like the army, m-sist, in their choice, on a full three | years* training and take only those j
who are fit for the work.	|
For, in the first enthusiasm of the war, unauthorized units had gone abroad often hastily equipped and
MUSS
first army, and also the permanent work only the best would serve, military hospitals in Great Britain.	Take Places of Men.
Behind this regular nursing service ^ wa8 a mtle later that the War was the Territorial Service, the se- Qffice decided to employ cond hospital line. All its nurses . çe of men in many were in civilian work and drawing no ^ a^y hospitals, as clerks, as typ-armv pay, but were pledged at the	^ telephonists, as store keepers,
sgWjT• IZS toi agrjraass - --01 " Brt,“ 1,4
needs of the great armies have been pitals taking the places of mem between Russia and Japan broke out	containing rye flour and whole-wheat
matiKssmm _.
WMmÊÊmm iüii mm Wm*
K'ir	IStt.*= ft-r
These number near- The Russian government has auth- Kornlloff, who speaks me - P	road was built along the crest of
orized the cultivation of the poppy for languages, besides Persian and CM- the plaUau, and ever since it has been
production of opium .nd oil for *<~	brl„dlergeneral when railed the Chemin de. Dame,.
These twenty-on# thousand women j domestic consumption.	He a. g	I
DEPARTMENTS.
?
27.000 Are Doing Hospital
f iN

Altogether
Work as Doctors, as Nurses
be Shown at Grand Stand.
A National Spectacle will be the i, generally believed
Grand Stand production at the Canadian National Exhibition this year,
SHS-=srjsar "
bee arc to be reproduced on a mam- ln the faCe Gf a serious food short-moth scale, with the St. Lawrence and ftge oCCasicned by the war. American its burden of battleships and fighting housewives, bakers and hotel chefs are
discovering that there are many satis-
of making bread by
and Orderlies
rier
were on
seaplanes never
German home.
-----——------
FRENCH WOMEN ECONOMIZE
BREAD POPULAR IN U. S
un
WAR
1
V

Aristocrats of Paris Still Charming in Their War Poverty.
as
craft in the foreground.	--
The story will deal with the halt factory ways 1 ¦ ¦ - ¦¦	.
century from Conferderation to the which a saving of wheat flour can be
present day, and patriotism and infec- effected.	An effort is also being
en *1 s*
-Ov„	I J-J-J	arts	household
-	s ans steals
bread*' recipe which lowance. The ingenuity of housekeeper and cook accomplishes wonders. In many a home butter may be served once a week, and perhaps with only one course. Perhaps three large strawberries must suffice for each serving at dessert, but they will be served with a grace that makes the eating of them a pretty ceremon-

In the old residence quarters of Paris there are hundreds of women ol aristocratic connections and moderate who before the war had several

a
women in of the duties of

General Kornlloff
on
Subsequently the Ad
erg
one
<
THE LADIES* ROAI)
difference
now
ial
If gooseberries and currants are inexpensive they will combine remarkably with other berries for a compote. Perhaps dessert will be a spoonful of jelly with a simple little cake ; or perhaps dessert will give way to cheese, taking on a new attractive-on its plate of green leaves.
nurses
•lose on
ng
nurses
)00, and they, too for service only in Great Britain, are to be found at
ness
where to-day."
“I see, dear/' said the wife, tree too many only trouble is that you didn’t t a k «
from home this morning.”
"The

Canada^*s not for present and future needs own just one quarter of the timber possessed by the United States.
one
We
one
as probationers ly 8,000.
China has no forests
Arduous and Difficult I asks


''HELEN, iVl 60NA
CATCH COLO OUT HCRC. WoU KNOW IT j
tom, Look
Ne»6 A MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE —
now watch this
Ole - WATCH THE. FORCE - I------
WELL,we'll see
HOW THE OLD 3W INC . GOES-tTÎS HIGH 3 TIME l WAS GETTING BACK IN THEGAM& j
SOME WALLOP
t*ve oot ,
•eh Helen -
_ SOME r 1 WALLOP
DO
/LETS
SEE NOUP L WALLOP
TDM.
Too’LL CATCH
COLD OVT
THERE rl
417
4 >
Ji

/

A
t


l 1
v

f




t

//


r
/A

'll
z
IJt.

1
>
z
z
I


/
4?


/
Y//t
\ I

z
Vf
>
zz


\



»
n

% t



###PAGE###7###
WOMEN IN THE
BRITISH ARMY
"I dropped a six-shooter into each hip pocket and then Harry let go his hold on the fellow
Crawford rode in from town. Harry was my partner In a bunch of hor-ce run on the company’s ranch. I went cut to the carrol to meet him.
THE UNKNOWN HERO

I can tell you that i was breathing a lot freer than 1 had been during the last twenty-four hours.
Lines written on seeing the grave of a soldier “Somewhere in Flanders" bearing the following inscription, "An Unknown Hero Sleeps Here."
BOYS© GIRLS
Hello, 8am 1' he said have company.*
Yes/ I answered, If that’s what
you	I've got something back	***4*1111111111111111 llllllllllllllll JÊM	WM
there In	the shack, and I'm mighty	you are. and they're not so likely to
you	was	ready toHHHH||H^HH|
quit the ranch/
He’s coming out/ said Harry.
He wants the horse,’ maid I.
"Harry was unsaudllng when the rustler came up
over pretty close to see whether there was a gun sticking out anywhere.
- 'Guess I'll borrow that bronc of night, thinking, I suppose, about being yours for	a	few days/ he said at last.*	afoot and without a gun, with	the
'You can	put the saddle back on	sheriff hunting him
again.’
M I
'I see you
MTU look after these guns.now/ I I'm not subject to nerves as
Il l
SIX HUNDRED CARPENTERS AT
HUT-BUILDING
Beneath a foreign sod An unknown hero lies; You can camp with His soul shall rest with God,
Who for his country dies,
/
Z
go off with me us to-night; but In the morning you had better hit the trail and hit It hard
•I I
Many Departments of Wartime Activity Being Pilled by Women to Release Men For Trenches.
# M
No text howe’er so rare,
No verse howe’er go sweet, Can with these words compare "An unknown hero sleeps."
For that he loved he fought,
For that he loved he died;
Nor Fame nor Glory sought,
To Duty’s call replied.
II «
And did he hit the trail In the
was saying, "I hope they arc gone for The log cabin in which Sullivan and good," there came a thump on the Jason lived was small, writes Mr. E. roof that told the prospectors that the A. Mills in Wild Life on the Rockies, boars were still hungry for ham.
It had a door in the side and a small The bears began to claw the earth
window in one	The roof was off the roof BBBMBIWWHH
made of a layer of poles thickly cov- long to clear off the earth and tear ered with earth. A large shepherd out a few poles. Then they would dog often shared the cabin with the tumble into the cabin, if their com-prospectors. He was a playful fel- bined weight did not cause the whole
low, and Sullivan frequently romped roof to give wayHH	I
with him.	to be done to get them off the roof.
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllThe men
the bed mattress. From time to time,
Sullivan set fire to one of these bundles, leaned out through the window, and threw the blazing hay up among
the bears |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l|||| ||||||||||||||||||||l||^
fireworks going, the bears did not dig; but they stayed on the roof and be-
tiesieged By Bears.
morning ?” asked the Easterner.
“Well no," drawled 8am, "not In the morning. You see he went loco that
He looked Harry
The feminine section of the British army is growing larger day by dny. Khaki-clad young women at first confined to the Red Cross section of the field army, are rapidly pushing into many departments of army activity, displacing men who, in turn, are passed along to work nearer the front line trenches.
Every boat reaching France from England brings new companies of women workers. At first their work was
It would not take them
"First thing I knew—I was sound
a noise like the
“Harry threw the saddle on the asleep—there was ground and started to the carrol gate '«hack was tumbling down, and then por Honor’s sake he fought, to lot the horse out. He hadn't more | the saddle that hung over the bed hit i than turned his back when there was m*. I hat locoed skunk was hitting
That 1 round promiscuous with the long-I handled frying pan, trying to get a swipe at me; but I was safe enough
For Freedom’s sake he fell
Something had

Eternal peace has wrought Sleep hero—all is well!
a pop from the rustler's gun sound turned me fairly sick, and see anything for a Then I lurry turned round, wiping a under the saddle, little blood from his ear.	“1 sure was glad that 1 had the guns,
You skunk !' he began, with his and 1 bored a couple of holes through eyes blazing.	the wall just to remind him that I had
Put that saddle back on!’ the 'em. After that it took Harry and me
about three minutes to get the shack
One evening after supper Sullivan sat smoking on the edge of the bed while Jason washed the dishes. Suddenly there was a rattling at the window. Thinking the dog was outside, Sullivan called, "Go round to the door!"
—Corp. A. H. Ward
*
MOUTH ORGAN TO THE FORE
mostly at the remote bases, but now 1 they may be found working further and further afield, sometimes, indeed, within hearing distance of the guns.
It is said by Dr. Edward Stubbs that Ir‘ the «itrfcâl departments at ______	the most popular instrument amongst	('hief bases, women have very largely
"No, he didn't hit the trail	In	the	'	the soldiers is the mouth orgarw He	displaced men. As	chauffeurs they
morning.	He thought he'd better	not	|	writes as follows concerning it: "The	ar<' being employed	by hundreds, not
wait that	long — M. llcimion.	apotheosis of the mouth-organ is cer-	on*V on ambulances	and light supply
tainly one of the war's great surprises. !	*a%ons but also on	heavy transport
That the Teutonic instrument from lorries, and with entire success, which untutored boys extracted strid
I« I
This Humble Instrument Provides — Needed Diversion.
So long as he kept these
As he spoke, smash! a piece of sash and fragments ef window glass flew past him and rattled on the floor. Sullivan jumped up. In the dim candlelight he saw a bear's head
coming in through the window. He Then the men determined to prod threw his pipe into the bears' face, the bears with red-hot drills thrust up and then grabbed at some steel drills between the roof poles. There, was
that lay in the corner. The roof had no firewood in the cabin; so they tore	hitch her to the post by the door.'
leaked, and the drills were ice cov- up a part of the floor. The young	“All of which we did, while he fob	jhe Resourceful Canadians Upset the	ont noises should go down to poster-	Six hundred young women carpen-
ered and frozen fast to the floor. bears soon found hot drills too warm lowed on behind with the guns.	Enemy's Plans.	tty as the British soldiers' most ap- ters are at work building army huts.
While Sullivan was working at the for them and scrambled or fell off the “ 'Now,' he said, ‘get me some sup-	proved depression ameliorator is, in They have only six weeks of instruc-
drills, Jason began to bombard the roof. But the old one persisted. In per.'	Phosphorescent pigs to show up truth, more than surprising. In mod- tions and preparations in England be-
bear with plates. The bear backed	a little while she had clawed off a	“ ‘Well, I saw that we must do some-	raiding ^forties crawling across No	erately capable hands the mouth or-	fore crossing the channel. Their work
out; but then she accepted Sullivan's	large patch of earth and was tearing	thing pretty quick, because he’d likely	Man’s Land during the night have	gan js not unmusical, and the secret of	j here is practically “shop work." The
invitation and went round to the door! at the poles with her teeth.	| cripple us both before he started out. been part of the German defensive j^g universality is, of course, that it huts are of the new semi-cylindrical
Both Sullivan and Jason jumped to Sullivan threw both hams out of the So while Harry was getting supper, I tactics on the western front in F ranee, can be conveniently stowed away in Canadian type, which is being turned close it. They were not	quick en-	window.	The young bears at once	sat round pretending to read,	but	according to a Canadian officer who	any apology for a pocket. It is dif-	out by the thousands in knock-down
ough, and instead of one	bear they	set up a	row over them, and the old ( really watching for a chance.	was telling episodes of trench warfare	fjCult to realize how ardently the	form, every hut exactly alike. The
saw three!	'	bear, hearing the noise, jumped off, “The chance didn't come till after to some friends recently.	mouth organ has been appreciated by j young women wear a neat uniform of
Sullivan and Jason threw their the roof and soon had a ham in her	supper. Then the rustler sa' down on	“The enemy," explained this man,	our brave boys in remote corners of	regulation khaki, with short skirt and
weight against the door, and it slam- mouth. While the bears were fight-	a bench by the window, picking his	who has been wounded eight times,	^he earth. The humble instrument	knickers, and a sleeve badge showing
med against the big bear's	nose. She	ing and	eating, Sullivan and Bason	teeth, and feeling mighty well	pleased	“call the Canadians fanatical fighters	provides musical manna in the wilder-	an army half completed. Each girl has
gave a savage growl, and	turned on	tore up the remainder of the floor and	with himself.	Our boys have been very successful	nesa Many detachments and small	to know only one small part of the
the other bears, apparently blaming Barricaded the window. With both	"‘I've potted a man for a poker	in getting over the parapets at night,	bodies of men move from point to	whole process of hut building; each
them for hurting her nose. A fight	door and window fastened, they>could	chip.' ho bragged, 'and did you boys	cuttfng away barbed wire entangle-,	p0jnt to harmonica music. Two Sea-	day she repeats the same operation,
started in the doorway. The men	give their attention to the roof. They	thlnlf I wouldn't for a horse ? I ain't	ments and surprising I*ritz and often	forth Highlanders at a critical mo-	whether it be with saw, hammer
pushed against the door with all their	heated all the drills red	hot, but the	through with you	yet, either.’	He	machine gun	squads.	ment during a German attack steadied	plane, and then passes on the	work	to
might;'the struggling bears rolled out-	bears did not get back	on	the roof,	gave an ugly little	laugh. Tm	going	“At one .time we	so annoyed the	their comrades by getting on the para-	the next operative,
side and the door shut with a bang. After eating the hams they walked	to fix you so that you wop t follow,me.	Germans that they resorted to letting	pe^ 0f the trench and playing in the	The housing of the women workers
The heavy crossbar shot into place, round to the cabin door, scratched at	“ I guess you ve got things all your	loose young pigs at night across No	midst of a heavy fire. For this they	has been accomplished without par-
but not a moment too soon, for an in-	it gently and lay down.	own way,' I said careless-like, picking	Man’s Land.	On one	side of the poik-	deservedly received the “Distingush-	ticular difficulty. Some	units	are	in
s tant later the old bear, growling	It was two o'clock in	the	morning,	up a newspaper	and Bitting	down	ers they had	daubed	a generous coat-	ed Conduct Medal." It seems extra-	huts, others billeted in	hotels.	Each
furiously, flung herself against the The inside of the cabin was in utter alongside of him.	ing of phosphorescent liquid.	ordinary that the business of playing unit has its own supervisory officers
door; it seemed as if the boards would confusion. The floor was strewn * looked at mo pretty sharp and “When our fellows went crawling a mouth organ should ever be distin- and chaperons. While at work it is
The men knocked their with wreckage; bedding, drills, broken	moved a few Inches away; but I	over and failed to be located by the	gUjshed	conduct.	Still	men	have	been	under	the	command	of	young	women
boards, broken plates and hay were	made out that 1 was mighty interested	star shells the pigs gave the alarm >e-	decorated	for	playing	the	bagpipes.	lieutenants	who	act	their	part	as
scattered about. Sullivan gazed at the *n paper’ an<* in a minu,° lie "*‘nt cause the glow side of the pigs sort of	--------+ —	' smartly as any British subaltern.
chaos and remarked that it looked like hack to his toothpick. All the time I silhouetted the forms of the raiders	MERRY MID-SEA ( HOR1 S
poor housekeeping. Toward day- was watching him from the corner of and then a fusillade swept our men.
light the bea/s got up and clawed at mX e>’e-	Finally we made the Germans give up Bells on Cargo of Engines Rang All
the door as if to tell Sullivan that they	“Harry brought in a pan of hot	the pig tactics because the Canadians
there, reaây for his hospitality,	water and began to wash the dishes	instead of going clear across would
They whined a little, when no one ad-	at the corner of the table nearest me.	cut the rope which trailed out from
milter them, and finally went off	He kept his back toward me, but I	the German side and held Mr. Pig.
leisurely, smelling their way down the	noticed that the pan was steaming	; In this way we often added a de luxe
trail	more than usual and that he was portion of roast pork to the commis-
handling the dish-cloth with a fork in- fary." stead of with his fingers. Harry and I, when we got in a tight place together, could usually understand each other without saying much of any-
« «
the
rustler cried, holding his guns so that came furiously angry. When the sup- he could pop elther of „„
ply of hay gave out, the bears attacked the roof with renewed vigor.
clear of him
“Well, there was nothing else but
So the saddle
to do what he said went back.
Cinch her up tight,' said the rustler. ‘Take her down to the house and
II «
PHOSPHORESCENT PIGS
Building Army Huts
or
give way
slab bed to pieces and used the slats and sides to prop the door.
For a time things were calmer. Sullivan and Jason, with drills in hand, stood guard at the window. Then they heard the bears clawing and digging under the door.
"They are tunneling in for us," said Sullivan. “They want those hams.”
After a time the bears got discouraged and started off. Just as Jason
*
POWER OF PRESIDENT WILSON
the Way to France
As Head of the Chief Food-Producing Nation of the World.
“The next time I take a cargo of locomotives across," said the skipper
of a British merchantman in port in When In the early stages of the pre Philadelphia recently to a newspaper Bent war President Wilson revealed reporter, “the bell* will all be silenc- his Intense ambition to become as ex ed with wadding.
“On our last trip over we
Philadelphia with 60 locomotives, all negotiations of peace and the prtnei The London Daily Chronicle pays a encase(j jn huge wooden boxes, in tact pal arbitrator in determining its con neat little tribute to Canada, as fol- and ready to be taken off the ship and *Wons, he cannot,
lows:	placed immediately on the track to extravagant dreams HI	II
“Canada is the proudest of our 8tart dragging ammunition trains to the importance of the part which he daughters to-day. She has made the the front Labor's scarcer in France would be called upon to play In this
ssrz asssrSTS=zzzs sssr,,miM rs	ï
a while but I reckon I'll Just lay you nearly *60,000 square miles of unex-. «<The Delaware was as smooth as a doubtful. Indeed, whether the mass-
plored territory in Quebec, which, ad- pond a8 we made our way down to es of hIa fellow countrymen have any ded to her terra incognita in the west, the bay, but the first wavelets that idea ot lhe extent to which he has be gives her not far short of a million gtruck ua at the capes started some-j come one of tbe dominant factors in square miles of virgin land with poten- thing that made me want to take a the situation.
tial treasure unfathomed. Well, she header off the bridge. Every one of Invested with greater powers than
began as a mystery, and so remains.’’ the 60 locomotive bells in the hold be- have ever ,n a11 the History of the
And they all kept ring-,tJn,ted Stat€8 been accorded to any of
its long line of Chief Magistrates, and
strong In the knowledge that he has
the entire nation at his back, he is
were
ecutlve head of >he greatest of neut-left ral powers, the chief mediator In the
?
any more sheriffs after him while he was afoot. So I didn’t worry much about his potting me.
I noticed a pretty good outfit of horses as I came through the pasture,' ¦ ¦¦	¦¦	^ he said. 'You’ll find 'em gone some
The ranch foreman and the East- roomin' if you don’t treat me right.’
A Tribute to Canada
THE “YARN” OF THE HORSE “RUSTLER”
even in his most have conceived
thing.
“Pretty soon the rustler began to chuckle
after all, boys,' be said
is •
I
'You’re treating me white,
'That little
erner were driving through the six mile horse pasture of the XW Ranch, ' time you feel like taking horses from A man could ride all day straight this ranch, just fly at it across the XW Ranch without once the worst take you ever made.’
“He went on fingering the butt of his gun thoughtfully. Finally he said, had been in New Mexico for twenty If you won’t give me a horse, you
which had a gentle look in them when he smiled, but which could harden to steel and bore straight through a man.
As the two men rode through the pasture, the foreman pointed out certain horses in the little bunches of blooded animals that they passed.
“Ever have horse thieves out here?" asked the Easterner.
"Well," 'drawled the foreman, “I’ve never run up against a sure-enough horse rustler but once, and then he ran against me.”
“How was t^at ?" said the Eastern
'Well,' I said, pretty mad, 'any
But it’ll be

up with a plugged leg apiece.’
“He put up one hand to brush a fly from his nose; his other hand was still busy with the toothpick. The next instant both his hands were clutching at the open newspaper,
which I had flung full into the fellow's	Meant Well
face.	^	jM MJ	I	I
“Before you could breathe, Harry’s Not long after a fire in a town near across the Atlantic."
ft>an of hot water struck like a cloud- London, some children in the city held
:r,	rss ...	..................................
“Harrv jerked one of the fellow’s rector of the church in the town where clerks behind the counter, but I could of judgment, and with a lu. adth of arns back I grabbed the other arm, the fire had occurred, since he had tell you of countless acts of heroism view, that have excited the warm ad-
mind to see that his game was up,— Potatoes should be kept free from correspondent from the trenches. !%Tf|anre to follow submissively his
I’ll take that six-shooter you’ve got weeds. Weeds absorb the moisture	------ l ! ^rSrfeHowZnm^nrnaWfes!
•tuck In your belt, and I'll take that and plant food needed by the potatoes To get cake out of a pan whole when	wiih him rather
gun from your bolster, too; I may to make a good yield Potatoes at taken from the oven set it on a damp * ( f	»
need ’em/	preaent price, are very remunerative, cloth for five minutes.	than with U P-Haroent. .
President Wilson to-day dominate* the food supply of the world, and it is by of the control of this food sup
coming to another man’s fence
Sam Carleton, the ranch foreman.
He had'twinkling blue eyes, won’t refuse me a night’s lodging, will
you ?’
“Now, you know this country isn’t the East
gan to ring ing all day and all night all the way
We go off and leave the , ranch for days and never put a lock on anything, and the chuck is any man’s who comes and wants It.
wielding all the authority of a dicta

You’re as welcome as any other stranger to stop here for the night,' I told him.
“80 we went Into the ’dobe; and while I cooked supper he sat at the window, playing a tune with his fingers on his six shooter.
“He didn’t say anything more and I didn’t, either—until supper was over and I had washed the dishes. Then he said be was tired and guessed fie would turn In. I told him to help himself to my blankets In the other room and to make himself a bed on the I wasn’t wasting any more
I sat
4 4
die
«s i
er
“I was alone one night at my shack when he turned up afoot and looking like he’d come that way from the hori-
zon
“ How do stranger !’ I said. ‘You look like you're afoot on a long trail.' floorH	HH
“ T am afoot Just at present and It words on him than I had to may be some distance to the end of round and read for a while and then I my trail,’ the fellow answered I need a horse and saddle, and I need them bad. The best thing you can do raised up with a gun in each hand. I
is to rustle me one pretty pronto.’
“ 'I’m not sure there’s a horse here
'But I started for the bunk room myself.
“As I opened the door, that critter
means
ply that the war will not only be won. but also be brought to an early close.
stepped back.
Now, I said, 'I wish you wouldn’t make any more moves like that while
I’ll not inter-
M #
for you right now.* I had been run
nlng my eye over the fellow and knew j you're staying with mo what I was up against by that time. fere with you; but you scare mo, and •' Probably you don't know who I I’m afraid one of those guns might go am,' the man went on. 'You’ve heard off '
of Jesse McCarty,? Well, I’m him.'
“I’d heard of Jesse McCarty, all guns down beside his pillow, I took
right. He was a rustler and a bad my watch out of my pocket and start and the sheriff wanted him for , ed to wind It It was a pretty good
I guessed that watch that I had got the last time I
was In Chicago. I don't believe In
cheap outfits.
Let me see your watch.' said the
Fruit bearing Wood.
Efficient pruning of fruit trees if closely connected with a correct knowledge of the point at which the fruit if borne. Fruit of apple, pear and quince ' is usually borne on spurs on two-year-old wood and older with apples, pear* and quince; casionally some fruit is borne on two-year-old wood. Cherry, mostly on one-year-old wood. Peach, one-year old. Grape, raspberry, blackberry and dewberry, on current season’s rhoots produced on one-year-bid vines or canes. Currants and gooseberries, on two-year old wood and older.

/V>


"Without answering he laid the
V
Plum, same as
/



x
oc-
man,
half a dozen reasons he'd Just got away from the sheriff and had ridden his horse to death doing It	'	>

9
*-v
M •
rustler
I have no horse for you.' I said.
"'Well, he looked me over, and, as	,	.	_ „
he did so, he let hi# hand drop to his don't Intend to give it away. And I
dropped the watch baek Into my poc

I need that watch myself, and I
M 9

¦lx-«hooter. I was uharmed did go round carrying guns like some of
fellow was loaded enough for two; he fftrrled one gun at his hip, and another stuck In hi# belt In front "Afrsid T No 1 Toe w. I had ¦ turned all the horses out to pasture other didn't know shout. The rustler the day before, and hadn't kept one In, tried every scheme he could think of
to get hold oi a horse, and I stayed
didn't
ket.
"We went to sleep pretty soon; at least I did.
When boiling fish remove all scum quickly as it rises to the top of the water as it deadens the flavor of the fish If allowed to remain in the pan.
This
coyotes out here do.
"The next day we passed on good
terms, apparently, but I reckon that
neither of us made e move that the
"I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of
uaderstaadlngU[[jUB^BMBj
grown over with thorns, *..xi nettle# had covered the face thereof."- U>o
can’t go out
afoot, you know, and cut out e horse' free# a lead in the pasture, couldn't get a horse by «hooting
and, lo, it wae all
that the
round to
He
both a little raw
and then Harry
"By night we
n„g
###PAGE###8###
INSURANCE
CONFEDERATE
!”'jn!i*tæ«sas®îî5f*3
The Simili Bill nû Slie Stmt
__ CENTRAL CANADA -m T
Exhibition
“ Money Saved
AT TUE LOWEST KATES IN
U EST
Is Money Made
rUE OLDEST AND
Get rates from
COMPAN IBS.
CONFEDERATION LIFE
a
OTTAWA SEPT. 8 to 17
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Hu tvs and Particulars.
it
Est. 1871.


E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
“ Maximum Insurance
1917
¦
BR ECK EN RI DOE
at Minimum Cost.”

FOR SALE.
YOUNG MEN — Oui Special Militai} not to tie equalled on the market

ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. 31st
*
Harvest Mitts and Cloves

Policy t*' today.
Hkuimtkrku Ayrshire# and Oxford».
YüU,'“ etlU,,eNttARMSeTHOANPGPly "
Green Lake Sto< k Farm.
4>
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES

Consult our Agent today
HOUSE OF COMMONS. BURNED FEB 3RD. ISIS NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon A Evening
NEW YORK HIPPODROME.	VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOP-THE-LOOP AVIATOR.
$9,000 FOR HORSE RACING.
PURE FOOD SHOW. GOVT. EXHIBIT. DOG SHOW.
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
$25.000
Tenders Wanted.
We have the best assortment of HARVEST MITTS and GLOVES it is possible to procure.
Our Prices are the Best
Notice to Trespassers
fenders will W received till G o'clock, on Saturday, 11th August, 1917, building woodshed at No. 1*1».
I.,- neen .it > tar> -
I hereby give notice that trespassing
w Imtaoex’ei U forbidden
one
1
in nnv manner on Lot 10. Rature ». Clarendon. Anv found disobeying this notice leave th ^Ives liable to nn^eutioii.^^^^

t«»i
em
; S|H‘filuatvms may
office
\No tenders wanted for repairing N«‘
1 School fence and anpplying l put
tenderer -up
Shaw ville, July 30, 1017.
tutq UT Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks—British
advance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the S H O W Forts at Kut-El-Amara.
i
ting on two iron gates
"""m'a. McKINI.EV,
Asst. See.-Tiens.,
School Mu. Clarendon
Caretakers Wanted
Tenders will lie received till 0 o’clock, p. m.t Saturday, 11th August, 1917, for eavvtaking of the Schools of the Township of Clarendon for t he coming hcIkk»! year. Duties—sweeping and dusting daily ; scrubbing at least four times and firing as long as necessary.
M A. MvKINLKY,
Asst. Sec.-Trcas.,
School Mu. Clarendon.
Boost the Exhibition.
Encourage Production of every Kind.
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
Slmwvillv, July 17, 1917
J. K. Paisley, Mgr. d Sec'y
Stewart McClenaghan, President.
TO LET
and our advice is
Best Farmers’ Hotel
in Pontiac
Don’t Delay in Buying.
Shaw ville, July 17, 1917
Low Prices . .
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring1 Trade.
1 lining Room and Bt‘tl
Rooms furnished Yard, Sheds and Stables.
Vpply at onve
BEGIN SAVING EARLY.
P. E. SMILEY.
Large
Then You Cen Pay Your Own Annuity
When You Are Old.
An ngeut of one of tbe big Insurance companies scuds me this about annul-
G. W. DALE,
W. A. HODGlXS.
and thuA to weaken the solution, the vessel containing the egg* I should be kept covered. Flie air You can buy the same from u.< a> may be excluded by a covering ot ! from any city dealer, of East man’s Ko- sweet oil, or by -avking upon j
es -iMsea • gejgjBtsr»
*£3®?€3 $5s SSSSaSCE
for a saving there._| ukxkral vrkvavtions neves_______________] •	SAHY TO TAKE.
Word was received on Monday jt -s vssential that attention be by Mr. J. K. Dolan, of Portage du |tj t() tjlv following point- : — Fort, that his son, L. Corp. t i uw- | That perfectly fresh eggs only ford Dolan, who has been through u^(j
some of the heaviest fighting in o That the eggs should through-France, is seriously wounded.	out the whole period of préserva-
«¦Pim
A tragedy occurred at a place Respecting the addition of salt, called Snake Creek, a few miles it must he stated that our expen-north of Mattawa, on Wednesday meats—conducted now through-last the nature of which was the out fifteen seasons—do not show
shooting of a man named Morin any benefit to he derived tliere-and Ills son, and the serious wound- from ; indeed, salt frequently lining of Morin’s wife. The murderer parts a limey flavour to the egg, is described as a young mail named probably by inducing an inter-Oiiillette, who had been working change of the fluids within and for Morin. Nothing definite lias without the egg. Our advice is, been given out as to the motive do not add any salt to the lime-for the shooting. Ouillette was water, arrested and taken to North Ray and subsequently brought to Bryson jail by Sheriff Sloan.
tics
Local and District.
“A man ngecl forty can deposit with us $3,925.50 and receive $350 annually for bis lifetime. A woman aged sixty-five on a deposit of $6,000 can receive
Any person or persons found t	agOOe war
tug in ,mv manner whatsoever on Lot K \V { of 12 on the 7th Range of ( larendon after thi- notice *ill be prosecuted as tin
JlfiCtMRS. R. B. ARMSTRONG.
Trespass Notice.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
“The man's expectation of life is twenty eight years, the woman's at least eleven.”
Now, $350 Is 5.9 per cent of $5,925.50, and $000 id 10 per cent of $0,000. Any company# which could make as much us 0 iN?r cent could pay $350 a year Indefinitely. and when the annuity receiver died bis original deposit would be intact The company assumes that not more than 3 jH*r cent can be made on money deposited with it. That explains why only 6.9 per cent is paid annually.
In theory part of the original deposit is taken annually to supplement Interest earnings. If the annuitant lives his expected term of life the principal and Interest at 3 per cent will have been paid to him.
Over a long period of years ft is difficult to keep money safely employed and earning over 3 per cent.
In times like these it is hard to picture the years when capital is a drug on every market and millions are seeking investment In sound bonds at 4 per cent and under. Yet those years will come.
Every one his own annuity payer— that would be the Ideal condition. Begin to save and invest early in your earning life, and when the time arrives to withdraw from the battle you will have both the resources and sufficient knowledge of how to Invest them to make it unnecessary to accept the Insurance company's offer.—John VI Oskisou In Chicago News.
?»
1 lily mil. 1917
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
farm for sale.
C.mhI dairy farm, fart of Lots I mid first Concession of Bristol, containing lin» valuable bush. I or pel
300 acres
niai h ipply to owner,
|) ,1. CHAHS, Raymond, Alta., or to (i. T. DRUMMOND, Bristol, (Jue.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
THE MARKETS
SHAWVILLE
Flour per barrel $13.00 Wheat, pel bushel, S2.CC to - 25 Oats, per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls 30c
Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Eggs per dozen 33c.
Wool, washed. 73c.; unwashed, 33c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
Custom Sawing.
HARVEST CLOTHES..
%
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group is
the most appropriate.
11 l'li' -x. Ph >t > At tis
Anti-consciiptionists are charged with the crime of dynamiting the summer residence or Lord At hoi stall, (better known as Sir Hugh Graham, owner of the Montreal Star) at Cartierville, a snberb of Montreal. The crime was perpetrated about four o clock on Thursday morning, and that Lord At he Is tan, his wife and daughter were not killed, seems to have been due to the fact that the explosives were not placed properly to produce that effect. As it was they were badly shaken up and the house was considerably damaged. Revenge towards the owner of the Star for its pro-eonscrip-tionist policy, is belie veil to have been the motive for the outrage.
The following a re last Saturdays quot
allons :
Butter, in prints 40c to42c But ter in pails 35 to 40c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 40 to 45c Potatoes per hag, $3.50 Pork per 100 lbs $20.00 to 24.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $10 to $14 Oats per bushel 73c
gratitude to Mr. and Mrs. Macfarlane Hfty per ton 10.00 to 13.00 for giving their bom md also for their united efforts to make the social a financial success for the Club, and a pleasant evening for everyone
success was due also to the gencn-nsI	10.—Haying is nearly finished
help given by the ladies <d the com mu h	and quite a numier of the
nity (Club members and others) in wo- f	ape making ready for the bar
viding a liberal supply ol ' eats.
The girls wish not to forget those from Shaw ville, Bristol and Portage du
Girls' Club Tender Ttianks
TRAPPING A SUBMARINE
We have now in stock a full assort ..	.. ment of Clothes for the ....
Harvester and Thresher
at real low prices, such as
%
Peerless and Hardknox Overalls*
from $1.25 up-
50c. up
Brief mention was made in Equity of August 2nd of the Patriotic lawn social which was held at the home of Mrs. Hoy Macfarlane July 20th ; but the girls of the Club wish to express their
The Wire Rope Net That Catches and
Dooms the Vessel.
A submarine net is made of wire rope about as thick as a lead pencil, and the meshes are of great size— about ten or fifteen feet square. The net has floats on top that keep bobbing up and down like tbe float on a fishline, and on tbe bottom are weighU that keep the whole thing in a perpendicular position.
The submarine cannot submerge to very great depths on account of the pressure, 200 feet being about tbe limiting depth. It sails Innocently along, therefore, until It pushes Its nose into
these meshes, along on both sides of tbe submarine, Its progress revealing the fact that something below is supplying tbe motive power.
Perbsps the net suddenly stops. That means that tbe hidden submarine baa stopped, its navigators having made the horrible discovery that they are trapped, or perhaps the net has become twisted In tbe propeller. Coder these conditions the wise submarine rises to the surface. It surrenders, becomes tbe property of tbe enemy, and Its crew are made prisoners.
It It does not take such action one of two things will happen. Tbe enemy will wait open tbe surface until tbe submersible comes op, or If it starts moving tbe enemy will follow until the Inevitable uprising. But perhaps tbe surface commander gets Impatient io such a case be can let a bomb down into the water, which will explode when It touches tbe roof of the | submarine. Of course the submerged
?
»
BRISTOL NOTES
That it was a
vest which promises to be very good
this season.
,	»	« The Rev. Mr. White has returned
Fort who supplied the interesting pro- fmm feW day-* vi8it to Ottawa. Sorry grain, which would have been enjoyed very much were it not for the threaten-. in* stonn which somewhat diverted the ()!1 aPOOIlnt 0f the heavy hay crop,
attention and finally dista-rsed the crowd	Gon,on Webb has returned home
after a talented and lengthy program I frQm Mr Vuthbertnon’s, where he has had been presented.	been for the past year.
i hat the girls had h»>al supporters	Frank Mousseau has lieen the
¦ evident, and they now stand in a t of lhe biases Annie and Maggie position to carry on another year s work	during the past week,
sending supplies and comfort, to the	\|jMH \(ary C-mgrove s,a-nt Sunday
"	" who are safe guarding our lib-1 whb Bri„u,l frie„d.
erty at such a cost

Harvest Mitts,
Preserve Eggs Now.
(Experimental Farms Note.)
The indications are that eggs will be dear next winter, dearer than they were last winter so those who want eggs bad better put some down now while they are coin-parativcly cheap. Do not use oats, bran, salt or such mediums ; moreover, tbe patent preservatives usually advertised as being so simple and effective had better be adopted with caution. Better something that has been tried and found satisfactory.
According to Dr. Frank T Shutt, Dominion Chemist, lime water i* one of the best preservatives and quote the following from his Exhibition Circular No. 42.
The method of preparation is simply to slack one |>ound good quick lime with a small quantity of water and then stir_the milk of lime so formed into 5 gallons of water. After the mixture ha-been kept well stirred for a few hours it is allowed to settle. The supernatant liquid, which is now •Saturated" lime water* is drawn off and poured over the eggs, previously placed in a crock or watertight Barrel.
As exposure to the air tends to precipitate the lime (ascarbonate),
(Seven different lines)
to say hi* wrist is not improving very
The net now trails
Straw and Felt Hats Good full size Top Shirts Underwear, all sorts, 50c.
Sox, Braces, Pants, Heavy Coats,
60c. up-suit up
was
Whooping cough has boon very prevalent Among the young children this •animer.
Mrs. and the Misses Mulligan have been guests of Mr# Dean, past week.
Mias Eva Bennett has returned home to Bristol.
Glad to learn that Mrs. Webb is recovering slowly frtpi a more foot.
Miss Hattie Trudeau spent a few days last week at her uncle’s at Wyman.
Mr. Jim Doherty of Weirstead has returned home from a two weeks’ stay i lb
Mrs. Jack Trudeau has returned from Ottawa, where she had been for the Iest week.
The raspberry crop is plentiful this season and everyone has been busy gathering a supply
Tbe Girls’ Club
use
BRISTOL RIDGE
We respectfully invite you to come in and look over our values.
August 10.—Harvesting has become tbe order of the day.
Mr. and Mrs. 8am Smiley were guests of Mrs. W. J. Tubman last week.
Mr. George Corrigan, of Schumacher, Ont., is visiting his father and mother at Bristol Ridge ; also Arlington Hill.
There is rumor of a wedding coming off soon ; hope Daisy gets invited.
The young men around here find much enjoyment going blueberrying
Everybody around B. R. is wreathed in smiles these days.
Mr. Wm. Roberts paid a flying v to friends here on Monday
we
Don’t forget our Saturday Specials.
submarine knows that this bomb Is likely to drop at any minute. The psychology of such • situation tends
ARCHIE DOVER
I
I
cvem f»*r
Vbcls Sam
j surrender.—World's Work.
Subscribe*.


