###PAGE###1###
O
No. *24, 36th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1917.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

Tlje Merchants Banl^ of Canada

The Bank of Ottawa
THE HARDWARE STORE !
KeisMUhed 1864
ESTABLISHED 1814.
OFFICIES :
. 8m II. Mon tau u Allan. C. V. O. .% K. W. Blackwkll.
E. K. Hkbden.
D. C. Mai a row.
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT MANAGING DIRECTOR GEN. MANAGER
Paid Up Capital
Stock and Poultrymen !
$4,000,000
4,750,000
#. #
# #
# #
Rest
• #
# S
S #
# #
• •
# #
We don't need to tell you that there is good money in the bnsine»* at present, but we do want to impress upon you that only by pro|>ei care and feeding can you secure maximum profits. In order to do this you will need some of the following ;
95 Offices throughout Canada Farmers’ Banking1
receives careful, courteous attention. Savings Hank l)e-
#
partaient at every Branch.
Paid up Capital......................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets..........................
235 Branches and Agencies In Canada*
FARMERS’ ATTENTION ? There are. no doubt, many who have a rut-plus of feed and would* rather " stall-feed " than sell at the prevailing prices. XVe advance money stall-fed cattle.
SAVING! Are you cultivating this habit in these unsettled times ? Our Savings Dept, will be found a great convenience. Deposits, no matter how small, receive our careful attention.
$7,000,000 7,421,292 121,130,558
• e
PRATT’S Animal Regulator
Conditioner for Horses Condition Powder Heave, Cough and Cold Cure Veterinary Colic Cure Healing Ointment Cow Remedy, Calf Tonic Dip and Disinfectant Bag Ointment
Poultry Regulator, Chick Food Roup, Gape, Diarrhoea Remedy Scaly Leg Ointment Lice Killer, Worm Remedy
Sale Notes Discounted.
on
Fort Coclonge Branch, Campbells Bay Branch, Portage du Fort Branch,
.1, A. MeLatchi*, Manager,
R. LEGER, Manager.
G. M. Colquhoun, Acting M er.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A, REID
*y Milk patron»are kindly re-| Ko-fok-, album-, Xmas cards, caknd
Sg,l£3Sra,&&	^ zap* "" "" ”*“*»•
HoiXilNS.
Manager, Shawvllle
Manager, Quyon.
ig a speciality.
H. Imison, Photo Artist.
g
Xmas Photon.—I will give 14 photos for the dozen from Nov^l.Mh to Jan. 1st, 1918. Avail yourself of this opportunity, and have your sitting made today. H. Imihon, Photo Artist.
“Canada’s Best”
ZIGOWLINC JTT jfyf
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
PERSONAL MENTION
No better goods in the market.
Mias Bessie Masson, of Smith's Fulls, visited her sister Jean, in The Ladies’ Guild of St. Paul's I town for a few days last week. Church will hold their annual sale Miss Sadie Steele was the over of useful and fancy articles in the Sunday guest of her aunt, Mrs. the old Post Office building on Geo. lfodgins.
5a‘u*d,iy-i1)f' ir>- Sale ***'"'* Ht| Mr. A. Cohen, of Montreal, vWt-Xo clotK, p. m.	I ed his daughter, Mrs. Dover, over
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa, Ont.
nri
OTTAWA, ONT.
m
LJ
Our instruction is individual, and the school 1* open doling the entire year ; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short ban 1. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. ' Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowlings Advocate.
The El inside H. M. Club will | the week-end. the	uï Mm. J. c.
Jamieson, on Wednesday, Dec. absent for some months, returned 12th, at 2o'clock, p. m. Program : home on Friday.
Knitting and sewing. Roll call— Miss Ethel Hodgius left last Benefits derived from the club in week to take a position with the
MM7.	Y. W. < . A. In MontmilJH
J. J. Turner, will sell by public auc- Mr Win. Hodgins, M L. A., left lion, at the residence of Mrs. A. Lynch, on Monday for Quebec to attend «larks Corners, all the stock, farm im- the Provincial Legislature which jdements and household efleets. See openw^on rQMday. posters for complete list of articles.
Everything must be sold.
Mail order sales reduce the expense
W. A. HODGINS
Miss M. Caldwell, who has been
»
SHAWVILLE
W.E.Gowlixo, H. G. W. Braithwait. President.
Principal
Mr. and Mrs. Haggles Allen, Ottawa, have been visitors at Mr. and Mrs. Thus. Shore's for the
Of selling, therefore, we are in a position ***** uee*‘ __ _ to offer the buying public a discount off ^r<	* u I ford. of Stark s
SSfessS gBSSBSS
m<me, by applying t° Bo, *11, Shaw- nlJ^ hJ^bUn Se inert of"^!
T,LLB- "	Boles for a tew days.
PROMOTED.—Mr. W. J. Hemp- Miss Blyth and Mrs. Boles have hill (Billy\ who has been travel- accepted the positions of Assist-ling salesman for the Empire ants to the Lady Superintendent Cream Separator Co., for some of the General Protestant Hospit-time, has been promoted to the al, Ottawa.
of sales manager
company and will be located at their head office in Montreal, to which ci tv we understand he has ed his family fro
EXPERIENCE
Wanted at Once.
vs.
Some good dry hardwood, in fernbly coarse body wood for om stove. Thk Equity.
re*
EXPERIMENT.
Higher Prices Coming.
Buy all your Staple Dry Goods this month.
ce
I .earning office work je like learning any other rind of work or trade or pro flÉjpa.
Raise IN Milk Prices. — Oil and I ^jchjniate are trained by practical after December 1st. the |.rice of milk | by dentil.	by doctor., denttiU
will be 10 cents |ier quart, and cream 25 cents per pint, till further notice.
Kam Hodgins.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
Don’t wait until the 11th hour and I conuta^wTba^eThe iwsf cw/ae“avaHi expect us to finish your photos in time able anywhere.	¦
for Xmas. We want you to help us by La*t fwr our increase was 431. This
H. Imison, Photo Artist.
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa, Ont.
entrance between
Collars
Shirting's
Tickings
Sheetings
Flannelettes
Ginghams
otCi$ ©to#
the
Willis College
1394 Sparks Street.
Ketchum'a & Sims.
A position for every Willi* Graduate.
Ottawa.
remov
FOOD CONTROLLER
Marriages.
Victory Loan Succeeds.
Burner—McLean.
Says :
Shawville nud the outlying
did far better in the Victory Bonds than
A very prettv house wedding place on Wednesday_aftei ™	......	, t . uoon at four o’clock, at the home
The Report of the Minister of Agn- 0f Mr. and Mrs. \V. G. McLean,
culture for France, which shows a total Elgin street, when their second
cereal crop of lews than one half of that daughter, Sadie Irene, was united ,	\	,	.	.	in marnage to Mr. James fc. Hor-
of a normal year, emphasizes the neces- llor, Shawville ; Rev. H. VV. Cliff
aity that Canada should strain every tying the nuptial knot.
effort to provide food needed overseas The bride, who was given away
(Of the Annie. ,-Hh,	be-
hind the fighting lines. There is a large opening over a peach-colored définit among all the cereals with the blouse, with hat and boots to exception of barley. Despite very great match and she wore the gift of the efforts to mai|tein production, the na groom, a handsome diamond and live wheat supply of France istne |»oor» pearl pendant. Miss Mamie Me-est on record* for the last fifty years, Lean, sister of the bride, and Mr. amounting to only 30,482,160 quintals Carl F. Burgess of Renfrew, acted (1 quintal «220.46 lbs.), as compared as witnesses. The grxxmi 8 gift to
with 86,919,050 quintals in 1913, 76, the bridesman 1 was A i mg.
•	I* ^ 1 After the ceremony.luncheon
served to the immediate
neighbor hoy purchase of was expected at the outset. It was thought that thirty thousand would probably be the outside limit of purchases in this locality ; but, rather surprising, and very satisfactory to note, when the subscription lists closed on Saturday evening, it was found that the figures reached over sixty thousand, with some reports yet to < orne
The total of the subscriptions for the whole county is expected to run well over $100,000. Throughout the I dominion the loan has been a phenomina! success. When all returns are iu it is likely the amount subscribed will nearly approach $400,000.000.
Brown Optical
COMPANY. LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST

552 St. Catherine West

UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL. QUE.
Near Stanley St
Prices on the primary markets have ruled very high for past three months ; Raw Cottona touched 29. fa, mill prices of all manufactured goods average 5c. per yd. higher than Sept. 1st-Stocks in retail stores very light and will soon require replenishing. We cannot promise to continue our present prices longer than 1st Jany., so advise liberal buying on your part.
Loer—Between G. F. Hodgins Co* More and Bristol Ridge a parcel containing 6 yard* of black duck, half doe. coat buttons 1 doz. pant button*. Kinder will much oblige and be rewarded by
G. F. Hodgins' «tore, or
936,065 Quintals in 1914, 60,630,200
quinU1* ,n MOS, and r,6,797,389 .,uin l^d* of both bride and groom.
««-y -	JK, 55 - ¦
duceji production of food on the farm. Birdie ôt.nhflm and Mel. Stringer,1 at thin office, of I ranee, the people <>t the n pubhe intimate girl friends of the linH*. I may have still further to reduce their By the evening G. T. R. express 1 consumption of bread. The bread card Mr. and Mr* Horner left on a FOR SALK-One :i year old cow, due to
cs.Tjaattvaa! Isaaaasga ana	mst
of wheat flour which may legally be | wishes. The immeious gift* reused in bread is limited to HO per cent, reived testify to the popularity off
France ha* already made tremendous the biide and groom—Arnprior FOR SALE — 1 pair of heavy Clyde
—-j »,h"	—• » * chro.iei,.	S2fci«ndiii.,7se:.fiSi
pendent more than ever before upon the |	--«------ , at Given Lake Farm.
call ha* come to u* to en*ure that so far
a* ie posai We supplie* will be forth- Mrs. George Smith, of Shawville, coming in order that the soldier¦ need whom) husband is oversea* with it not have their rations reduced beloW Forestry Battalion, has received Mrs. A. Lynch desire* to express her the efficiency minimum and that thou- official notice* from the Record sincere thank* to many friends, incl sands of women and children may be Office that her two nephew*. Prv ing the Brotherhood * »f Railroad Train-saved from terrible suffering and even vale* Neil and Stanley lteid, had men, for the kind nee*, sympathy and
been wounded in a otic jo—the first assistance extended to her dnri
named on Oct. 2Hth ; the latter on u.
Oct. 30. Neil's wound i* described as a “gun shot wound in right thigh." Stanley was wounded in right arm end side. Both young men were admitted to field balance depot on date* mentioned.
, , Neil Held nerved his apprentice-	_	, .. .
¦ Jare prepared to -hip In The Kqvity ofilev. and sub- **** »n Hbaw'dle, for the ki
most to reduce oar own coo eequently drifted Went, where The|*®°*n	sympathy tM me
of wheat, and make greater worked in different towns lip to luring the eickne** ami death of my making at present of the time of his enlistment with a | husband
I Western Battalion	¦¦¦¦
The enumerators appointed to compile the new voter*’ lists that are to be used in the election on Dee. 17th, are now at work. Grand mothers, mothers, wive*, daughter* and sister* of our soldiers oversea*, whether in the Canadian or British armies or navy, have been invested with the franchise in this election ; also t mothers and sister* of nurse* with the overseas forces. Every female who occupies any of these relationship* should see that her name is on the list without delay. The enumerators will, no doubt, do their utmost to record all the names that they hear of or know about, but some may be missed, thn*e entitled to vote take
X





Card of Thanks.


SsSXiSH
and
bereavement, caused by » h of her son, the late
nt great me H de
ym.
(i*
the unti
Ftrey L
Oanada numerous wholesome eu bâti
that it
UP
lutes for wheat flour, her that the waste of even a spoonful of
depriving our Allies of food
Let us remem

will govern the ¦¦¦¦Win be
W. A. HODGINS
vote. No
1 wish to thank all friends ami ; J>

, *1
Mkkd by the

t
sSmssub*
than we are


Mi». H. Shadel






É f':





###PAGE###2###
ï
&7ts\

/

&
It is hard to break the chains of habit. It took one man six months to stop saying " Gee Whix."
Perhaps habit has kept you ordering “the same tea as before” when you had intended to buy Red Rose.
This will be a reminder. So next tin)e you will order Red Rose.
You will be pleased, we arc sure.
Kept Good by the Sealed Package

NI
t
r %
?
ü
Sign Your Application

7

for a
f
/
Victory Bond
A COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS
Lemon XJX. Yeast.
1'ermentation, which is an import- oven of 325 degrees Fahrenheit, proant factor in the making of bread, is duces a light, porous loaf of bread, produced by the presence of yeast. It That the yeast cells may have suc-has been known for thousands of years cessful growth, it is necessary that the that many organic bodies, when ex- flour l>e of good quality, that a tern-posed to certain changes, will ferment, perature from sixty to eighty degrees The dust in the air contains much fer- Fahrenheit be maintained and that the, meriting organisms; also the air con- dough have active manipulation at the tains molds and bacteria, such as stale proper periods
bread mold and a damp atmosphere Tne various degrees of fermenta-.•nold, as on leather. Wine, beer and tion are known as the alcoholic, the milk become sour when exposed for a acetious and the putrefactive. There certain length of time to the atmos- fore, the process of fermentation phere above fifty-eight degrees Fah- which has for its object the making of renheit.	|bread, must be of an alcoholic nature.
tip. mrnmsmm
..V*?*18 H-VU!ej l,lto AtxX?,.f!nssesr	ter in the flour and other ingredients	Pat looked out of the window and in their happy home liked nothing so
< and cultivated yeast. \\ lid yeasts	ajjetj to the dough.	remained silent for a few moments, well as to be dressed in the cape and
bearing upon this subject.	Salt	Then she suddenly turned to Kelly and tights that duplicated the Purple
gfaQg thU tf ,?m'	lS n°iW f.ur,llshed m Salt plavs an important part in the said:	Mask.
L, rm ofcompressed cakes.	action of the yeast upon the dough. “I have finished. My mind is made
iThese cakes must be of a reliable Salt which is	soluble in hot and cold	up. I'll stop all this foolishness and
An exceptional opportunity to get a flrtt- | character and of uniform goodness, so water quickly	absorbs the dampness	act sensibly hereafter. There are a
LTiSJ&nSsSHrs	a	‘“r «<-* —«*
full or	modulated	volume	Hus. in fact, i wlU I,v« an undesirable ferment and	will give the best results. The amount	“I’m so glad," said Kelly. And at A pan of hot water with n little
*! Ice%iach?n"s " Th.%1.in	I cause certain changes to take place	0f salt added to the dough controls the	the instant he spoke, the Sphinx reach- kerosene in it is excellent for washing
nlsh, 41 In. blah	y , |^f°ce the proper time; this will cause. action of the yeast. Too little per- ej over and took the girl's unresisting windows. Wash in the usual way,
V-&7	25	StoK:	is	‘IK..,, w. . mytttry to mo	.*£&
day. and «*« your	money bark	process of fermentât,on of an alcoholic ; Opposite effect.	It will delay the ac-	why you have done these things," said	L
Trice while they last $36 cash with nature creates a carbon dioxide gas. tion of tho yeast beyond its proper Kcllv	polish. This solution is also good for
erder or co d.	which when the dough is baked in an time.	_	I “There is no explanation
with your

k
nrv
s
W;
»
Ideal

4
M3
Fo
n
inkle in her beautiful eyes.
I putrefaction stage is me i»=t| “You’ll be detained and tried .
;r.'4. 'SSTAtS ”V4.3	£XrJSLTtS OS?**
the Nitroglycerine.”	found her deeply concerned 11
To be cleared out at
if,
WHOLESALE PRICES
mu
rlwiiimilis
m
R eg. $50
to go
(The End.)
at
1!
g

washing woodwork, as it does not dull the varnish as the soap does.
I guess
it's because I am a woman—I can
G. D. ROBERTSON.

when the ambulance failed to return] The tugmen soon noticed a great to the hospital in reasonable time, the | scurrying on board the other boat. Pat story of the adventure with highway- recognized Kelly as or.ç who was men was soon told. The hospital at- putting up a spirited fieht against tendants who had been captured at heavy odds. He had chosen to wait the time Pat was kidnapped related until he was taken on board the an-their experience in detail and told in chored boat before he liberated him-whiuh direction the anarchists had self from the canvas that bound him.
Then he started to fight his way
But they
Manufacturers* Agent
77 BAY ST.,
TORONTO
Cloth Weavers Wanted
GET THIS REMARKABLE WAR PICTURE
ON RECEIPT OP 70c Money Order, we will forward to any address In Canada our soul stirring war pu t AT THE BATTLE OF COURCELETTE," sise of picture l*x24 Inches EXACT REPRODUCTION from original oil painting by E. P. (tartIan. done in nine colors of oil. Picture portrays vividly the heroic charge of the Canadians, and brilliant hand-to-hand action. We are now almost through with our third edition of this remarkable picture. Get one while there Is yet time. This Is an exceptionally low offer direct from publisher to you—
HARRINGTON ft BARRETT. Publishers of Historical, Patriotic and Religious Pictures, No. 46 Bt. Alexander Street, Montreal, Que., Dept. W.
Wanted experienced weavers for plain and fancy woolen cloths and blankets. Good wages. Steady work.
Apply, Employment Office
THE BARRYMORE CLOTH CO., LIMITED 1179 King Street West,
“VICTORIOUS CHARGE OP THE CANADIANS
gone
Kelly was among the officers who clear of his adversaries went to the rescue of the detained hos- were too many for him to handle alone, pital employees, and he surmised at He ran up the shrouds toward the once that the anarchists would retreat masthead to secape the clutches of to one of the many spots on the water- the anarchists. He saw the tug ap-front where the girl might readily be proaching and felt that he would be
mnJn üü® *S§Pil
__________________ 3SSSÏÏÏ5 Wee:
made the undertaking hopeless from p ..vv',.n ta, , /ai "e*	, „	.. . Kelly was immeasurably delighted pat. She was in a happy frame of
the start. So the tinderlike wood +, ‘r . . ® , 1 * il ^ anyhow, said jn the success of his search and soon mind, rejoicing over her rescue from
‘"ass"&rsrst?w.1 &«yk?r r~,'r; ï ^"“it™ »«ass,....
turned in for an ambulance, the chief îf.and “f .V v h vif dl?poB,ted on the should take her place in the sack-like taken my personal word as a pledge of the secret service operatives began IIOTor J 1 venicie.	canvas, while she was to make her es- that you will abandon your associates
to show signs of recovery, and by the I in the early dawn they took Pat to cape by swimming from under the time the hospital attendants arrived an °’d 8h®ck that stood at the end of pier.
he had shaken off the effects of his an abandoned pier that jutted into the r With the rope ends tied inside where sudden collapse. He refused to enter R^ict waters of Little Neck bay. Here Kelly could manipulate them, Pat left the ambulance, and Pat alone remain- t'ie anarchists stored the plunder they her rescuer in the canvas and pro-ed to require medical attention.	secured as a result of their raids on cecded down the ladder. Reaching the
stores and warehouses along the wa- water the daring girl plunged in and ter-front of New York.	began to swim for safety.
An old hag, who lived in the aback She had barely reached ope as a caretaker, opened the door and at the edge of the dock when three admitted the anarchists with their men pulled a rowboat up to the foot prisoner. It was decided, after a of the ladder, and climbed up. They brief conference, to take the girl to a proceeded at once to take their prison-room beneath the shack, and there er in the canvas bindings down the hold her until later in the day.	ladder, and put him Into the bottom
This room was built under the dock, of the boat, and from a trap door in the floor a
detained
Toronto

When you think of
Cleaning bé Dyeing
Think of PARKER’S
lAes restore to seeming newness your Lace Curtains, Carpets, Blankets and other household and personal effects. The Parker process is thorough ; the charge is very moderate, and we pay carriage one way.
Send for our Catalogue om Cleaning and Dyeing.
PARKER’S
DYE WORKS LIMITED
791 Yonge Street ; Toronto
Mfg. Co.
i
A A
*
Hotel Del Coronado
Coronado Beach, California
Near San Diego
POLO, MOTORING, TENNIS,'
BAY AND SURF BATHING,
FISHING AND BOATING.
10-Hole Qo/f Couree
Hotel Is equipped throughout with Automatic Sprinkler System.
FIELD CASHIERS
AND
Make Your Own Bread
PAYMASTERS
n water
Save your Money Enjoy good Health
Domestic economy la going to win the war asalnat the Hun.
Sanltatlve home methods of food preparation will win the war against dls-
Vlctory In both Instances Is assured by
using the
‘•Canuck”
Bread Mixer
Pour loaf elze
$2.75
Eight loaf elze
$3 25
The Canuck le quick, clean, efficient
Buy from your local dealer, or order from us direct all chargee paid.
E. T. WRIGHT CO., LIMITED
HAMILTON, CANADA.
IN FRANCE
CASH
DOMINION EXPRESS FOREIGN CHEQUES



The men rowed away, fortunately ladder led down to the water, several taking a different course than the one feet below. Leaving the old woman to which Pat was following in her des-guard their prisoner, the anarchists perate swim.
de6aVtd'.I k	, _	Good fortune further attended the
,,, i»k r,?. vzJrlz' ïfSî si
around, «he found various articles of alongside the swimmer. They quickly junk and old furniture, several good hauled her on board, tired but not par and rolIfl of ksavy canvas. An ticularly the worse for her adventure, old life preserver attracted her no-' p*t quickly explained her unexpect tire, and gave her an idea.	^ p^gene® fn the water and told her
With a brush and pot of black paint rescuers of the plot against her. Like she found when taking stock of the wise she informed them that Kelly had place, Pat painted on the life preserv- been left tied in the canvas, and gave er: “Held, prisoner, in old shack, on the tug boatmen a report of what she pier " She lifted the trap door, look- had overheard when dh# anarchiste
AMERICAN PLAN
John j. hernan,
THE BEST WAY TO SEND MONEY TO THE BOYS IN THE TRENCHES
Manager
Machinery For Sale

Many People Make a B-Line
m.
1 WHEELOCK ENGINE, 18x42.
N«w Automatic Valve Type. Complete with ewpply and exfiauet piping, flywheel, etc. Will accept ? 1,300 cash for Immediate sale.
1 ELECTRIC GENERATOR, 80 K.W., 110-120 Volts DC.
Will accept $425 cash for Immediate sale.
r,
. r.r. I	uu	l / WRUMCii m
• Sne lifted the trap door, look- had overheard when Ah# anarchiste ed down upon the dark waters, under were rendering her helpless in the
the dock—a- ' J-----J
ifr Jordan Valley
nd dropped the life pre- tarpaulin, server into the sea.	The tug quickly changed her course,
While these exciting events were the captain intending to lay near the happening, Pat had not been over- anarchists' anchored boat until the looked by the authorities. Phil Kelly archista should bring Kelly on board, had that day come in from Washing- But it was not necessary for the tug ton, with a message to the secret serv* to wait As they were steaming down ice chief that would giv&tbe girl im- the bag the tailors saw a rowboat pnll munity from detention.	alongside
The raid on the Frenchman's hut choisi at was the sole tople of conversation siround headquarters, and Kelly very quickly decided to act on hi# own Initiative in seeking the girl who had rried away by the anarchists.
arrive in
:‘x
1 LARGE LEATHER BELT. Doable, Eadlne. » Inch i 70 ft
*¦' Will accept $300 for Immediate sale, although belt la In excellent
enta
h
te
E55
dltlon and new one would coot about $#00.
ES

M
PULLEYS, Large
7S«.
rssruv
The WALKER HOUSE
t
an
from the
TmmUg F#m#w Ho* l
TORONTO, CANADA
2 BLOWERS OR FANS, Buffalo

One 10 Inch, other 14
The he#
¦¦¦¦VF ¦¦¦^¦¦BBl
ering was lifted on board. Putting on all steam the teg plowed through the water, and was soon nearing the
l

hr.
•0
ar hored m -torboat.







###PAGE###3###
TOUCHING SCENES
AT THE FRONT
BACK TO THE
France. The names painted on its route contain those that will wring the hearts of Frenchmen for ever, villages and towns that England will remember for centuries.
Lines of Fate.
WHEN AUTUMN COMES.
CAREER OF THE | JEANNE OF THE LATE GEN. MAUDE LITTLE HATCHET
:
Wild Creatures Feed Up in Preparation For Cold Season.
When autumn comes, with its attendant harvests, its ripening of seeds, nuts, and fruit and its hosts of frost-benumbed insects and spiders, the wild quadrupeds, even including the meat eaters and the resident, non-migratory birds, as though knowing instinctively that the season of little food I* but. Captor of Bagdad Passed Away On a few weeks away, eat to the fullest extent of their capacity and thus lay on much fat.
FIRING LINE
VIVID DESPATCH FROl^WAR CORRESPONDENT.
On one side run the trains that take our men up the line, while on the other side the leave trains come down; and between these two tracks of Fate, set in a sylvan scene only disturbed by the Pathos and Humor of Departure and dull roar of the guns, stands the Y.
M C A. railway buffet.
Another train came winding along the track two houra after the depart-
mammas
And the stillness was broken.	Tommy • Toilet	Christian act h'e ever did was lighting i» merely occasioned by food being'offlcerg to be mentioned in despatches' f	lian, had arrived before
Storming a Hut.	| Here was a major, with his mirror cigarettes for men whose arms were ! plentiful and the consequent tempt a- durjn(? the retreat from Mons. He Bvuuvajg and although the citizens
The railway track became alive with propped up on the footboard of the so badly wounded they could not do it tion to gormandize, to eat and eat and commanded, as Brigadier-General, the had	promised reinforcements,
* multitude of khaki figures in ,11 train, carefully «having himself, while, themselves.	| then eat gome more Wild geese have famous 14th Infantry Brigade, the none had * arrived There was
stages of undress. Some had tunic, seated on the ground near him, a brok- /A colonel in the British medical been known to gobble up so much firgt across the Aisne River in the doubt hesitation and confusion. The off. many were in stockinged feet, all piece of glasa held carefully be- corps, looking out into a courtyard l°o*e corn left in a field that they, Venizel sector in the epoch-making	' Jeanne catching up the little
besieged the Y.M.C.A. buffet station- tween hla knees, a private sat lather- where 2,000 wounded Tommies were eould hardly fly up from the ground battle, when the German onrush to ,,atch*t whifh' wa, the nearest weap-ed by the line.	ing hia face with dead seriousness, waiting stoically to have their wounds and at this season any creature shot l'aria was hurled back. He had Qn tQ h’r han(j hastily offered herself
For an hour a couple of thousand Some were cleaning their boots, one treated, cried, "What under heaven will generally show a much distended neither boats, pontoons nor bridges, an(| jt at thf, ^hne of Saint Angad-
men purchased long French loaves, man was sewing buttons on, others would we do„without the Y.M.C.A.?" stomach, its contents made up, upon : but he got hig men across under resme the patron saint of the city,
biscuits, cigarettes, and tea. While were refixing their puttees—all that, In the dressing station haggard doc- examination, of a far greater variety , ;,eavy „hell fire, on rafts improvised and rafi the tumultuous streets the rush was on one had no time to safety razors, soap and water, bril-jtors were treating wounds as fast as of foods than we would suppose the out 0f wooden fence rails and barn , „To armsi»
r;S..'t,ss¦ situsa=æ	=z mrxXAsns’zst
waatM&m
sssa&sSSSi —t—. SmSSSSS»-*........................................................
belonged to the women at home, to tfce	'- , „	. J1 was dripping with blood and filth.
women who loved them, whose lives Two Stories of Womens Heroism and An(j Qn hjg back was hig pa, worse
were wrapped up in theirs, who at that	Self-Sacrifice, i	wounded than he.
moment were wondering and thinking ; have just heard two little stories "When I saw that I broke down and
° TkemV„_ , . ,v.i.	.k of women's heroism In the war-strick- cried like a baby," said the Y.M.C.A.
r lu?	d/th ,.*,[¦ ” !h th en zones of Europe, stories which may man.	All the world trembles lest the city
familiar sign of the red triangle over he,p ^ itri)te home tQ you gomethjng There is no road in the world so of Bellini, Giorgone, Titian, Tintoretto
the counter. -enerally there were o{ whgt the red horror of war re,Uy lonely as that trod by the men mov- and Veronese be ravaged by the Hun.
T '.“Ml..i fh!' I„	means, .ays a woman writer.	ing up to the front line before an at- Absit omen! Italy is doing her best ¦,*
wil?«f	I" England it has been necessary tack. In full kit, with their “tin hats," ( to avert the barbaric rage. Venice W	__
nnminC,n/ OnU, onl	for the women to go to work in the KM bags, bombs and bayonets, they,will not resist attack; already she /
pommions. ly one a I 'cessed to a munition factories in thousands to al- trudge silently, each man in his own brood, in silence over deserted streets	.	</U	.
~f. ,,„„* ..***•	RHr	; low their men to march off to the rig-1 private hell. No road was ever so and empty palaces. Will the hand
q *t. f fîiLiv. .Wlltnil f ors of the trenches. They have been lonely since the path to Gethaemane that fired Louvain refrain from dese-poitaJ onle f«>	** s nfr9-	forced to labor in an atmosphere of and Calvary. Men speak in whispers, crating this sacred shrine of art?
powerful chemicals that was turning if at all.	The last scene of violence within her
¦To their "dearest*" and their “dar- the English bloom of their cheeks an! In watching thousands of English borders was the heroic revolt of Dan-lings" they sent their words of love ugly yellow, bleaching their hair an and Canadians move up to the front iele Manin against the Austrian op-and cheer before they went again to unnatural white, and even making trench during the recent push near pressor. No vengeance was wreaked
do their bit, and nearly always it was their finger nails shrivel and drop Y pres, a Y.M.C.A. secretary reports then upon the inanimate witnesses to at Kut-el-Amara in April, 1916, the self when not caught by surprise, the same message: "Had a good cross- away. Face masks and gloves were that the only cheerful word he heard the glory of the past. It will add a British campaign was at a standstill, Once, just after having led a party to ing. Just going up the line. Will provided for their protection. They spoken was when an association lorry deeper damnation to the very name of until Gen. Maude assumed command the rescue of her hard-pressed com write again when I arrive. Don’t served their purpose, but they lessen- : passed up the-road with supplies. Kultur if vengeance is wreaked now. late in the year, and in December be- mander, the Maréchal de Roault, she
led their ability at the vats and "Good old Y.M.C.A.!" cried a Tom- Perhaps the valor of the army at the gan his attack on the Kut defences, observed the enemy swarming over "It isn't now we feel it so much," benches, and the output of the factor- my, and t>iere rose a feeble cheer. Piave will suffice to protect the Bride On Feb. 24 Kut was recaptured, after the ramparts anew in another direc-said one Liverpool man, as he handed ies was falling off.	There is no time for blinking the of the Adriatic. Her destruction a brilliant campaign, and so relentless tion. She rushed to repel the assault
over his cards; "it's when we leave1 The result in at least one great facts. Men don't go into the hell of would be the greatest calamity of the was Maude’s pursuit of the fleeing at the moment when the enemy stand-the home folk. Once you're away and plant was that the women voluntarily hand-to-hand combat with a laugh "and war. Even Rome herself has hardly Turks that 15 days later, on March ard bearer was planting his banner on the jol» again—well, you’ve just got cast aside the protecting masks and a cheer. As they plod through the « better right to demand exemption. 11, the British had occupied Bagdad, upon the walls. She drove him back to go through it cheerfully; but that gloves. They were willing to bear mud and darkness the only hope be- There is no other city just like Venice having covered 110 miles and crossed through the breach, down the slope, saying good-bye nearly kills me. This* their physical disfigurement- rather fore them is an honorable wound that -there never will be.	the Tigris three times. Subsequent into the moat and across it; and on
is the third time for me."	than have the supply of munitions les- will take them home—a "blighty one," Her old supremacy has passed for- operations directed from Bagdad ad- the farther side slew him and captur-
The women at home who see them sened. When the war is finished hun- as the English say. And in that dark ever, even though she has become va need the British lines a considerable cd the flag It was the end. Every-off, who give them that last look and dreds of English women who before hour, when every man has laid aside again a busy mart of industry and distance. With the opening of the where as she returned she heard the embrace, only guess at the silent bat-1 were buxom beauties of the country-' the hope of all that life holds dear, trade. She is in this respect but one new campaign this fall he had push- welcome shout, "Victory! Victory!" tie their man fights before he sends side will be caricatures of what they the Y.M.C.A. is watching with him among many. Yet her history remains ed up the Tigris more than 100 miles It was the end also of Jeanne Hach-off that card in France. It Is the last once were—but they will have sacri- and doing what it can.	among the wonder stories. The Vene- beyond Bagdad, his operations being ette. History knows her no more; nor
thing he does before he enters the fleed their physical beauty on the altar,	-•--- tion Republic, an oligarchy in fact, designed primarily to defeat the ex-, is it even known what became of her.
war zone, his first thought upon ar 1 of their flag.	Japanese Bounce Ball.	was one of the great powers of the pected attempt of the enemy to recap- Probably, her work done, she lived and
rival.	I Here is the second story of wo- Japanese childrenr like those of all world. After the Fourth Crusade she ture the city.	died like any other prosperous and
the whistle blew the boys men's war sacrifice from the horror- other lands, have numerous games held Constantinople and dominated the	pretty young bourgeoise of Beauvais,
scrambled aboard the train, as brown, swept Serbian frontier: A British that allow-them to make use of a ball East. Italia Irredenta, for which the	86 ta ,n	But she is not for gotten. Every year,
fit, and cheery a crowd of our fighting nurse happened on a native woman, one way or another. Perhaps the battle is waging now, was hers; so General Maude had seen previous in August, Beauvais remembers her in men as a British woman could wish to weeping piteously over a new-made favorite game of Japanese girls is were the Dies of Greece, where burn- actiw 8ervice in the Soudan (A885) its anniversary celebration; and re see, a sight to make her *yes glow grave. It was that of her third and bounce ball, and you will often see ing Sappho loved and sung She made and in South Africa (1899-1901) in* members, too, the other valiant with pride, even while her heart ached youngest son, the last sacrifice she them playing it, singly and in groups, her Mediterranean rivals her vassals, eluding the advance on Kimberley. ! men who battled beside their men at the tragedy of it all for none could had been called upon to make in the in their homes, on the streets and in In the fifteenth century she was the Subsequently he became well known (ler her inspiration. Their share in say who would return.	cause of her country. The nurse tried their playgrounds. An elastic cord is leading maritime state. She might tQ Canadians as military secretary the victory was recognized
Ready For the Fray	to console her as best she could, for attached to the ball, and the other have carried to success the constant ( 19014) to Lord Minto, when the 1st- promptitude and grace by their king.
even a sister woman’s sympathy is end is held in the hand, or more often struggle with the Turk had not the ter wag Governor-General, and had *ho. to commemorate it, granted them lame and awkward before such a^- fastened to the thumb or a finger. hardy explorers of Rprtugal altered	0f the arrangements for the the Perpetual precedence of the |
spectacle.	The game itself is not a contest but, the map by discovering the sea route Canadian tour of the present King and in the ye»rly procession in honor of
"I am not weeping for the loss of rather a form of play and exercise, to India by the Cape of Good Hope. queen 1901. He was private serre- Saint Angadresme For many cen my eons!" she burst out. "I an& weep- although sometimes two girls make it But for this it may be doubted if even tary ^ thc Secretary for War, 1905; Juries, with hanr^ts floating and in ing because they left me two grand- • contest by trying to see which can the incompetence and corruption which d.X.A . Q.M.G., Plymouth. 1906-8; on fheir bravest finery, the women of sons who are not old enough to fight catch the ball the most times when it!overtook her government could have General Staff, London Division, 1908- Bcaffvals, on their city's special holi-for their flag!”	x	bounces back toward the hand from destroyed her.	9. Assistant Director Territorial '**y» bave proudly led the line
j There you have it—something of the ground or the end of the e cord. 1 Yet the one-time Queen of the Scai	War Office, 1909-12; General
the grimly inspiring but heart-grip- More often they do not try to catch still keeps her regal mien. If the Hun	1912-14, He was married in
I ping heroism which descends on the the ball, but simply push it or bat it is not beaten hack from her gates, will jgpg’to Cecilia, daughter of the late 1 women of a country face to face with with the open hand, walking or runs he dare to lay sacrilegious hands upon Col Rt Hon	Tay|ori m.P., of
the gaunt hideousness of war.	Jning as they do so. In that case they her?	Dublin, and leaves one son and two Railroad From Pet regrad te M
,	times they let the ball strike the She was an admirable person and
their effect i* the same it leaves one An old farmer, who by hard work ground or a wall.	never lost an opportunity of pointing
praying far the courage and laughter and parsimonious habits had got to-1 The ball itself is usually very tight a moral to her small nephews and that 1- iheiv". r the day wh^n the gether a little fortune, decided that and is wound with silk. Perhaps the nieces. She took them to the museum Sacrifice of Britain a bast shall ceaae. the r e had at length arrived when most bourn cable ball that can be (or a treat*
Railway lines fascinate me.	| he was justifird in ordering a family made without the use of India rubber "This, said the guide, "is Nelson's
_ f	1 is a hollow ball made of split cane, waistcoat, worn at the battle of manufactured fron
I1# went to a rmrnmgo builder*!, and Such balls are made by the natives of Trafalgar, and this ia the hole where suelan plant. It is j deecrftMdn detail the kind of vehkW] the Malay Peninsula. Thf y are us-he wished to buy.	ually about six inches in diameter and
"Now, I suppose you want rubber are woven in an open pattern	. "You remem
tires' ss <i the cairiage builder.	— —?  	j stitch in time saving nine
J "No, air,” replied the old farmer In Now is the time to study up on gar hole had been n temporarily tones of resentment My folk ain't den ing. If the garden was a failure wo dn’t have gone through." of the meet that kind. When they're riding they | this.year find out just why, it possible, „he capped it by adding. "And Nelson
Seed up and make pimp far next year, might have been living yet"
LITTLE SKETCH OF Y. M. C. A.
ACTIVITIES.
WON RENOWN FOR STRATEGY IN THE PRESENT WAR.
ANOTHER WARRIOR MAID OF
FRANCE.
Pathetic and Soul-Stirring Pictures of the Heroism and Self-Sacrifice Of Our GUIant Men.
Like I he Maid of Orleans She Rose to the Opportunity When Danger
Threatened.
Return of Our Men to the Front-
November 18th, After a Brief
Line Trenches.
Illness.


be-
That Last Line Home.
Another crowd besieged the coun- lifted.
the same, yet different.
ter fhis tim
Heroine of Beauvais.

Again and again Jeanne Hachette rallied the discouraged, led the leader-less and fought beside the fighters. When reinforcements came, the mayor presented the girl warrior to the veteran captains, who accepted her as an equal. Gracefully and modestly she attributed to their	arrival—"You,
messieurs, to whom victory has always been faithful"—the coming deliverance. But it was still a long time before deliverance came. Besides the dangers from without, there was the danger of treachery within. Once she snatched a paper from the hand of a suspected leader; it was proof of his guilt, and he turned his sword against her and would have «lain her had not , her cries brought help in time.
But she did not always need to be rescued; she was a hard fighter her-
r)
\
¦ jr- -----—•
BEAUTIFUL VENICE.
-
li
Storehouse of Priceless Works of Art Menaced by the Hun.

ffl






#/
X

/
The Worst Moment Of All.
The Late General Maude.
worry. Fondest love."
.




'







As

wo-

un-
I
with
The track was cleared, many swung aboard as the train started. Out of the carriage windows, from the open doors of the cattle waggons, showed smiling faces as they waved hands and *<pt their greetings. Some looked back a trifle wistfully; we were the last British women they would see before the line claimed them.
“Au revoir, Blighty!" called a man in the last waggon.
I have seen these trains pull out In the morning sunlight, seen them disappear into the night with their car for the front line, and always
men


their

RIVALS ROMAN ROADWAY.

Net For Him.
The railway line which connects Petrograd with Moscow rivals a Roman road for straightness. It was dm* first projected in the middle of last ed by the century, and the then Casr was asked likely Is to state hie wishes as to the course the abedtlla a Vine railway should take. In reply he drew reported the# the • perfectly straight line betw Germans hour ' up all the available his two capitals, and the engineers
the declaration wtr.|9H^Hmm|Hm
sever, the **ed* have been ¦	1


Can Make Tear Ci
in Texas.

pping gas," a to a recent report i<
is

ion,
Without them this war could never carriage.
7=
be.
The shining metals carry
the fitdggl
¦
in," said their aunL supply hr for what 1 said j.	m, h
If that declared eontrabrsnd by (ire mended the bullet tain. A plant ef th<

from our very doors at
eded accordingly, though many

naturel difficulties to be


ir.
their surface go the hopes
were great and it would have far lee# vastly to have allowed


ef Britain.

gun# v* ' ¦
Then grows Wild in Texas and should th? ! *ome deviations
be longest straight railway line
i the world.
I
As it is, it is prob-

qoartered
Sequent

pi for sahadilla # it might b cultivated in the
1
«¦
J
yet
«





###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETIN08
ORÂNCi HAIL. SHAWYlUt :
crowd of hoodlums that started the trouble, which ended only after the front of the theatre had been wrecked and a cyclonic effect had been given to the interior by numerous fights.
The rioters were held back only by
the well-directed use of a fire hose at man to protect him and received his the stage door when they attempted to death blow from the bursting of a shell, storm the stage where tin* speakers The address «-t i 'apt. Graham brought
the realities of the war home as they never had been before to his hearers. The service was conducted by the Rev. Bristol School Commissioners 11. Norman, assisted by the iuv'tor, Mr.
Bator,
elstan. The church was cmwded, many
PPF>; liiite
Minutes of last meeting read and 0revn Iillke. n«.feri,ncv t„ his heroic
ivlooted.	death was made in these columns shortly
Moved. by Com,. Horner that the fob Bfter occurred in France -Editor lowing bills be paid : —	Foi itv
Smith Bros bill lumber S. No.6, 1133.63 11. T. Argue 8^,000 shingles, #3,	*23.50
Mrs. N, Cole, caretaking No. 5,
Mrs. U. Burrows, cleaning No. l School, August, lull.
T. Telford, caretaking and
supplias No. I,
In a graphie manner he de
'Hill
pieted scenes in which young Arm strong served at the front, and his noble end when he, as one of the stretcher bearers, in carrying out a wounded comrade, threw himself over the wounded
THE BURDEN OF WORRY.
THE EQUITY.
FTtAISK WAS EARXÈtl
Today's la Enoughi Never Mind Y terday’e er Tomorrow's.
A wayfarer carried a heavy sack, under which he tolled and complained unceasingly. From noue could he get help or comfort
And as he slowly Journeyed, groaning under his burden, the Angel of Opportunism came to him and spoke kindly, saying:
"Brother, what cacheat thou?*
The nan answered surlily, "My woo*
•o
Our Men Are Not Overrated, Raya
Correspondent.
Why do soldiers from the overseas dominions get so much publicity T
SHAW VILLE. DEC. 6. 1917.
\
E, No. 304, meets 2nd
0. Y. n. LO
Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m
Ct
W. E. N. ItoDuwft, Rev. Secy.
0. 0. McDowell, W. M.
Monday* do.spitvhes from the seat of tell of most terrific fighting hav-
w. n
wen
Doth by word of mouth and by let- L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
month.
Edward Dale W.M.
taken place on Friday and Saturday ig the British front recently won
Cambrai. The
4ers In the newspapers Old Country
Rto. IIODOiN*, Secy.
people have been asking this question very persistently of late
deed, no small amount of resentment j ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on
the 14th of each month.
tv. til till rimin'
l vka in
enemy near
made repeated desperate at-great strength to recover the but were repulsed and muter attacks except at point where the British lost some ami prisoners Berlin claims six but British Headquarters sa vs this report is greatly exager-
In-
BristoL Nov. 29, 1917
(
ries.”
haa been expressed In certain, quarters that Canadian and Anzac deeds I N. Hodoins, on the battlefield have l>een figuring W. Cmop. In Com
much more conspicuously in the | --------------------
English public prints than do those of their English. Scotch, Irish, and Welsh brother-in-arms.
As a matter of fact Canadians are not in any way responsible for the flattering and frequent despatches from the front which relate Canadian prowess. These messages which constantly appear in flare lines on the front pages of the great London Journals, telling how the Canadians took a village or smashed a counterattack. are written by distinguished English war correspondents these men are trained writers, unprejudiced. experienced journaliste who know to a nicety the news value of a story, and the relative importance of any operation on that terrible western front.
From personal knowledge of the front the correspondent of The Toronto Telegram assures people at home that everything related of the Canadians Is well deserved. Without an iota of exaggeration it can be said that there are no better troops
in the British army, not even exclud-	.,	, ,	..... u
mg the brigade of Guards. And the | The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Guards, always good pals of the Canadians, would be the first to admit it.
He has not infrequently heard Canadian officers deploring the prominence given to Canadians and the anonymity under which the brave I Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also regiments of the British Isles were agent's proposition. Handsome free outgoing through the war. Many such | fit. Exclusive territory. Liberal corn*
Canadians, have expressed deep regret, yes, a feeling of shame, that their British comrades' valor went thus unsung. Canadian privates, too, have often told me they felt mean at getting plaudits while battalions from the Motherland had fought on so gallantly with hardly a line of praise for them in the papers.
Jirff&VSÏÏU'Ssri. Z	«»»*•“¦No,TH
connection, but Old Country people, both in the homeland and in Canada,
too. arv very wrong in blaming the | The Wlle htwl of » family, or any male
correspondents in London, who oc- «wee continued to be, a British subject caslonally visit the front. Their or a subject of an allied or neutral ooun-buslness is with the Canadians, try, may homestead a quarter section of Really the whole matter of who shall available Dominion Land in Manitoba, receive publicity iu British papers Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant rests with the Englhh war corres- must appear in person at Dominion pendents at the front, with the mill- ]AXUi\A Agency or Sub-Agency for Dis-tary censor who passes their "copy," |trivt Entry by proxy must be made OB
certain conditions. Duties—Six months resilience upon and cultivation of land in each of three years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 |*cr acre. Duties—Beside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead ] latent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
Rbg. IloDOine Com. Scribe.
W* position <ji veil off by
And so they looked in. But, lo, the I sack was empty !
! "Why, surely," cried the man, "thee» were two great worries, too heavy for I man to bear! But—ah, yes, I had for-j gotten-ono was a worry of yesterday,
! and so It la gone." j "And the other?”
"That-why, that was a worry of tomorrow, and It—it has not yet come."
Then the angel smiled with in finit# pity, saying:
"Hearken. He who bows himself down under the worries of yesterday and tomorrow wears himself out for naught. But he who carries only the worries of today has no need of a sack for his sorrows. If thou wilt cast this black thing aside and give all thy strength and cheer and courage to the things of today real misfortune never can burden thee."
Wondering, the man did as the angel commanded.
And as he took up his journey and went lightly, swiftly on, his heart and his hands were free to relieve many • brother wayfarer of his burdens and to pluck sweet fruits and flowers along the wayside.
And when he came at last to the setting of the sun It was with smile# and
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
t) msand
t
1
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside Clarendon - last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday,
of each month.
,\:>o
lown in Quebec the charge is made t well-organized and well paid gang* toughs are carrying on n lawless cam-gn against all meetings that are v ight to he held in the interest of Vuiou Government. Such meetings ... being so systematically disturbed I interrupted that it is impossible for t nion candidates or their supporters to g î ;t hearing. The pernicious teachings f t HourasNt are surely bearing fruit .1 amlantly. Seem* a pity the Huns did nt get him instead ot Dr. Belaud at the beginning of the war however, stood his ground like a man. whilst Henri lost no time in placing niseif behind the bulwark of Britain's \ *' -t. The moment this man landed in Canada again, however, he began ] toison- % bights compatriots with the doctrine, y that they owed nothing to Britain.
3.00
Who
Will
Ja*. Marks S. Horner,
W. Beattie J. Miller,
8. Cohen,
S. Colieti, nails and spike* foi No. 3 fence.
Moved by Com. McLeod that the Secretary order the following seat.* for No. 9 School : 1 seat No. l ; 2 «eats No. 3 ; 2 «eats No. 2. and 1 seat No. 1.
Moved hy Com. Cam pi tell that we accept the following tenders for school wood :
6,	5.60
10,	14.10
7,	74.83
\	2.97
1,	2.53
The
»
es
And
long. hard K>b do it with a t didn't mat* iMr*. was a

80
3.24

an. or !«¦»•
but hfiAdnn '« and«ht
h*l
bin l) ha««
u<b
r< left1 It is
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
a défie A *Am lh«
IPC
n

c C
— FOR—
Shawvllle and District
TO SELL FOR
T
Behind
I
li
m
1- V. McKee, 10 cords hard wixmI, 2 cd>. soft wood (
2	W. I. Murray, 10 cds. h.
wood, 2 ed>. soft wood,
3—	Jas. Gordon, 10 c. elm and ash, 2 c. soft wood,
4—	W. J. Lucas 10 e. hard wood, 2 v. Hoft wotxl,
3	W. Murrell, 10 c. hard wood, 2 c. soft wood,
0 W. Ross, 10 c. h. wood,
2 c. soft wood,
7- B. W. Lucas, 10 c. hard wood, 2 c. soft wood, No. 9—None required.
No. 10—8. Horner, 10 c. hard wood, 2 c. soft wood,
Nc
a ft tire Carrier
I
$3.00
lakes out tiOO to AU pound* I manure m each 1-tad. About jo had* will dean a large able Ont load it eulhoei t for «mail bam In 5 or 10 minute* if job is done \
s
—O—O—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917, and Spring Planting, 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
w
3.00
2.75
The Clean Way

o -
You push tbe load out b> a cVaa handvt heel Thu sise w load up to the trafic It u hetttr than a chain windUas for <>' at-ing the bucket becautf it touah the manure and a Cl i dues
a song
§
2.75
» the
N
Soot •• m Fertilizer.
Amateur gardeners recommend the use of soot ns a fertilizer. Scotch soot, which Is generally used In Great Britain as a fertilizer. Is from coal that differs greatly from the hard coal used In the eastern United States. Soot from our hard coal must be used with caution around plants or It may do more harm than good, particularly Immediately after the application. A sad ex-
J. L HODGINS, Shawville. Il*riencc several years sgo leads a ger-
1	jdener to warn others so they may not
.. ----------1----------------- be obliged to gain their knowledge by
la like unfortunate experience.-
2 75
I
Kitchener, Out. (formerly Berlin) has v. n for itself the doubtful distinction bf being the first place of any importance t<> wilfully and openly insult a Premier >f this Dominion. Such was the ex-rience of Sir Robert Boixlen on fiat* day evening, Nov. 24th, when he leavored to address a large gathering that place. A hoodlum element, (l to have been oompoeed of lYo-( ernmns from the town and ncighl>or-> od was present in considerable strength, and prevented fifir Robert from getting a hearing. The 1 letter element i Kitchener expressed strong disapproval of the insult to Canada's first < itizen, and sought to remove the stigma fi nil the town which the outrage créât-id, by asking for a special meeting of the Council, in order that an official apology l»c tendered to the Premier. The meeting was called, but the lVo-Gvrman preponderance at the Council l> xird blocked any ajiology from going through, and consequently Kitchener remains discredited in the eyes of Canada, and particularly by some of its neighboring communities who have set on foot an agitation to remove the county buildings from there. The incident was an unfortunate one and can only have the effect of damaging the cause of JAiirier and his candidate in whose interest it was planned and carried out. People who howl for liberty and free (bill, and deny the right of free sjieeeh to those who do not agree with their views—as has been going on in muner-r.is places in the lower part of this province during the past three weeks—cannot expect to win much symprthy or approval from those large sections of the country which do not tolerate bull dos ing in any form.
missions.
N
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1937)
2.30
\
ft.
Ontario
Toronto
"
w »•
a
3.00
%
1
3.00
On motion of Com. Allen the meeting adjourned.
(«. T. Drvmmuxd
West Land Regulations
Sev.Trea
Jury Recommends Lighting System in Lynch Enquiry
TWO SPORTS CONTRASTED
A Port Arthur jury, empan neled to | Professional Lacrosse Players Show
enquire into the deith of rarcy lynch,
mention of which was made in our last
Chattel Mortgages.
A man who gives a chattel mortgage should always examine the document
to Advantage.
.	A correspondent of The New York
issue, brought in the following verdict :iSun points out that only one profes- 'orefully to make sure it Is not on
“ XVe, the jury called to enquire into sional baseball player from the major I iemand." the cause of the death of Percy Lynch leagues has enlisted In the American Sharp money lenders who loan funds find that the deceased came to his death "my- Jbe sole representative Is in chattel mortgages often try to have
wÈsàtsm
Ko,. J ! JI «... .^l™!ssSSSSiS
cool for threshing and a tew of our |(c, regarded as national heroes by don and new growths of moss wlU be ^r“m.^ef8e“ °^**lone.^ th^* y*lr*
¦ttsr sratas¦swartrs-s .:."s T ----------- SSHs
"WsweittsæL. ajsr- -
’VTT1SL» o. A*..u„, HLSSs	ÏÏSSS.’S
ixss&ærL«*=	traveljllhe air- sMrssrsHs&s
..........-,ndasstm*ssnL.ws "*
Chicken suppers are a thing of the themselves loyal Americans cannot It U a new Idea that the aeroplane many nlcTure. of Canadian.? Soldiers' Separation Allowance I •" thl" ^tlon -	» stump-pull- fall ‘°^e a blighting effect upon „ . Mfe mean, of transportation In The "enterprise of LordBeeeer-
Incrensod	Ijiss I»U Mev spent Monday in More-1 to Introduce the game m England a.	n'mfr get Into the” po“tar mtod” t'or^the^'phMogr^hT" w'^dertu!
rival to cricket. Her# n rhe average citizen I» still frightened pictures the front, they rival any-
it the prospect of leaving the ground • thing that the War Office has yet tnd having no support except the air doi^ In this line. So the Canadian taelf. Yet at the speed which we ex Photos are gladly snapped up by the pact an aeroplane to maintain—seventy British papers and prominently dis- «ufisart jafw^rwwst!
aot exist for flying «raft. A l<xom<> permitted more mention of British live has to follow a definite track, units, and brave lads will have the which may cause a frightful calamity, satisfaction of seeing the names of The aeroplane Is not so circumscribed, their regiments at least held up to its tracks are wherever it wishes to honor. Canadian boys don't want to ; , There are no obstructions in the benefit at the expense of their gallant sir— unless we regard "air pockets" as kinsmen In these isles. No one wlU
; be more pleased than they te Devons or the Lancs or the Gordons or the Guards, or whoever It may be, decked with the laurels they have so qobty won
home remember that Canada’s son», both British born and native born.
__ „ . _ .  _1 merit to the full that gene;ou,
fifty miles an boor, may hurt praise the British press has showered over a precipice or over- upon them.
of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a home worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions. s
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have licen honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (but not Sub Agency). Discharge papers must be presented to
Agent
RADFORD
ren
W. W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. .—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for
N. R
####
to $25 per month, beginning Dec. 1st be done with those who do not appear. fore {h(t wa| lt hae produced several The effect of this is that in the month	C ;»M. worthy representatives in men like
of January the wife or other dependent	_m	Nick Carter, Art Long, and John
of every soldier hitherto in receipt of	Rowland, who have made the su-
$20 per month will receive $30, the ex- Tablet Unveiled io Late Private preme sacrifice; Harry Murton, a tra ten dollars representing the increase	Wilmer C. Armstrong.	prisoner in Germany ; Jimmie Col-
for the two months of December and	„	.	.	XT v “*». Barber, Dr. Lachapelle. Joe
nary and in each month thereafter	(Huntingdon Gleaner Nov. 8.)	Gorman, and Guy Smith, who won a
EFfr sHHHEkEi
The scale of pensions has also been the congregation to commemorate tlw	have t0 rajee s battalion for
_____1 A short time ago upon the memory of Rev. Wilmer C. Armstrong, ,errlce abroad_jhe Mall and Em
recommendation of the Minister of Fin- who was minister in charge of this plre | FT I	¦¦¦
the Government announced a sub church at the time he enlisted for over
The tablet which is of
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Hbawville.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given oprietora of Real Estate and Householders of this Muni
to all Pro Resident
ci pah ty, that the Collection Roll of Taxes of this Municipality is now completed and remains m my office during the next thirty days for the inspection of all parties interested, and that on November the 27th, it will be brought forward and homologated, with or without amendment Such delay having expired it shall coipe into force and every person whose name appears on said Roll is hereby requested to call at the Secretary’s office during the next 20 days, after the said November 87th, to pay the amount of taxes their property, without further notice.
Given at Shawville this 87th day o<
fan
¦fl
40.
I
»

•Ins to penetrate, no signals to run
increased
this new craft with the -ongh road of the automobile. The slightest Mistake or even Inattention the part of the driver, going, say,
Or
wie*	, ^	.	___.
sUntial increase in the scale of pensions seas service
and this action was received throughout brass, bears this inscription
the country with every evidence of	In memory of
hearty approval.	| Rgv. Wilmer C. Abshtboho, B. A
Killed in action at the Somme, Sept. 80th, 1916,
Aged 88 years.
14 Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for hi* friends.'
But let the people at
Changed Ideas.
on
lever let her mind run upon tittle
forty
binge.**
• Weti, does she?"
T should say so! She csn't talk of inythlng but her baby."
he
Mob
INfl,
8. E. HO
FoU
•If
Making a it
^Ulil ¦ I	the candidates who went
so precipices to fall from and no oh up for examination for the Officers
the pert of an aviator has
Sherbrooke, Nov. 30. -The moat aer tous disturbance that has yet occurred
tyne. Minister of Marine and Fisheries, tell to your children and your children • sought to give oratorical assistance to children of the heroism of this young the Unionist candidate here, W. 8. man. He told of hie Murresmful r>»*id*r>n	I in college, of hi* * * d work in the min
istnr, and his volunteering to serve bis
FOR SALE.
safer than 1 Paring & flMBual of lnstned—
-ffilfl trying
Circumstantial Evidence.
"What make# you think nil w iste each otherf*
f
memorise the proper units mqd
equipments called for in n

Because n
of the Canadian Army
If
In
"I

U
i
see what the
To
Bat there are no
8AM SINCLAIR,
in the air




###PAGE###5###
*
THE EQUITY,
HATTY STYLES
—FOR-
NIPPY WEATHER
CLASS A II AND OTHERS
4 Weekly Jeurnel dweM to loo* Interest*.
PeUUkel every Tfcer.de j
\i Shawville, County Pontine, Que.
fitTBscBiPTioif, $1 a Year in Advance.
__All arrears must be paid up before
my paper U discontinued.
—----o-----
ADVERTISING KATBS.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for IrTiOVEiS 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each I	? A* K#
subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisement» received without Instructions accompanying them will he In sorted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub fished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
When you require Printing
call at
YOU are going to the WAB, we issue Policies on your lives. HUT it must be secured before enlistment.
1
I
B'hpwrfczzziïiï "THE EQUITY OFFICE

I
Policies at all to MKN of MILITARY AGE ?
Insure today -and be as fortunate as the young man who has already got his protection.	„
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
l
Ladies' Ringwood Gloves—Fancy Knit, combinations of navy and brown. (50c, per pair.
Ladies’ Ringwood Gloves—Heavy Rib Knit, black and white only. 55c. per pair.
Ladies' Oashmere Gloves—Hbavy Fleece Lined, black only 50c. per pair.
Girls’ Ringwood Gloves—Fancy Knit, in navy and brown combinations 45c. per pair.
Girls’ Ringwood Gloves—Knit in Heavy Rib, cardinal only 40c. per pair.
Ladies’ Wool Mitts—Heavy Rib, grey, black, cardinal 40c. per pair.
Girls’ Wool Mitts—Black only 25c. per pair.
Washable Chamoisette Gloves—2 dome fasteners, in white, gray, natural at $1.00 per pair.
The Confederation Life
Association
Û
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
Cat. 1871.
B. C. ANDERSON
Cen. Agent.

SH A WVILLE. QUE
Hay and Oats I
FALL WEATHER
JOB PRINTING.
Reminds us that the cold season is not far away, that our home comforts should be looked after at once. Our furnaces may need repairs, or some new stove pipes may be wanted ; or perhaps we may need a new stove—as this is one of the greatest of all home comforts. If we go to DALE'S we are sure, of getting an article which will give the greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction lie keeps several styles of the latest makes.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed, Orders by mail promptly attended to.
We require for immediate shipment
50 Cars Extra No, 2 Timothy 25 Cars jto. 2 25 Cars Clover Mixed 25 Cars ^Isi^e Clover 25 Cars Qed Clover
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Professional Cards.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Œ. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bat • • Quk.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Will pay $8.00 to $10.00 per toq
F. 0 B. Cars.
We requin 10 Cars Oats. Will pay SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
60 cents per bus., F. 0. B. Cars.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
S. A. MACKAY
HEALEY CO.,
Kiddies' Overcoats
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending
l pair Matched Colts, dark grey ; 31 purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order 2 off. brother	r | elsewhere.
weigh about 2SKK) pounds.
1 year-old Hackney.
1 4 year-old Hackney.
4 span work Horses.
Also Waggons and Harness.
R. J. HAMILTON,
Shawville
Write or Phone R. 1017-1061,
ONT
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
Made in blue and grey Chinchilla with belt all-round. Warmly lined—special value, $5.00 each.
OTTAWA
Horses for Sale.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAT, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
PURE CANE SYRUP, 10c. per pound.
Nothing too large—nothing too small
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
0. F. HODGINS CO. L TD.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
D R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE. AO-
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
•Offlcs and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday.
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K.C.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in

—

J
\

Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
A>vooate, Barrister.
*c
Service*
Sales
r
196 Main St. - Hull.


rs Z*~~
rzrtl
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
un r n'in'*,*» e* »
nMMinwv	r.*21*


i
IC
1

Custom Sawing-.
I
I

52
i
WJi
Marines.
Marine#—soldiers serving on ship. >oard—date back to the year 1664, when an order in council, dated Oct 16, authorized 1,200 soldiers to be raised and formed Into a regiment Mors •eglments were later on formed, and n the latter years of the French wars hey numbered 32,000. The marines ire today a feature of every navy, and b most countries officers of the marines are equal In rank with those In he army and navy.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed «neaday and Shawville every Saturday,
Corrupting Judges.
In, the olden d ay a Judges were forbidden to wear gloves on the Bench for fear of bribes being dropped into them. Hence the custom of presenting a Judge with a pair of white gloves when be has no cases to try.

J
O
O
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS. Ec.
191 MAIN ST ,
Will attend Courts and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
I****0
HULL
1
Agricultural Surveys.
Quite frequently during the past few months # 1 r I es hav*

appeared (a
I ooth the farm and daily près# regarding the advisability of conduct I log agricultural surveys throughout the country for the purpose of determining actual conditions in the farofc. ing sections. The advocates of such Try to Forget Your Achoo and Pains | a scheme, and, in fact, all persons
interested in agriculture, may be lait was a wise old wit who remarked | tereeted in knowing that work along
this line has been started already la Ontario. The movement has been
I
Complete Service to Ford
Owners Everywhere
GEORGE E. MORENCY
GRUMBLING IN THE GL0ÔMT
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL IAN# SURVEYOR

ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Uta, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Mans, Lines, Boundaries, Ate.
and the Bad Weather.
Executed carefully to the eatlafao-
that if talk about our aches and pains
m%m wMm.
u
OURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you may travel is something you appreciate, and being a Ford owner you can get it. You are always “amongjriends”.
C
Hull.
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5830.
third would be chopped off.	I
It Is amazing to hear humanity de- tural College, Mr. A. Leitch being the voting so much of the brief time allot- man directly In charge
GEORGE HYNES
There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout Canada. These are always within easy reach of Ford owners —for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or motor adjustments.
The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of the car itself. Nineteen of the most called for parts cost only $5.40. Just compare this with the cost of spare parts for other cars and you will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.
voung 90 muen or tne oner time allot- man airecuy in cbarge. Actual ted os here to painfully detailed diag- field operations commenced on Oc-noeea of our headaches, backaches, jlober 1 In Caledon township. Feel stomach aches and Innumerable other rounty, which area Is considered ty-miaertee.	pical of the general mixed farming
The comic. p.rt of It lie. 1= the *>.. |	flft, f two
Asstaa lESSSKSS
and the luxury of unloading sickening ness of each farm for the twelve accounts of sickness will be indulged. I months preceding October, 1017 will Many of ua are not miserable enough be taken. The question blanks to he
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal at tention.Openall hours.
a -
»
emn patience with which each listens
UNDERTAKING »«d EMBALMING
treeeere up the pain, of the put u I detail of the farm butines.
tots.
Runabout - - $475 Touring - • $495 Coupe
W. J. HAYES
a • :
which to groan and , rrowB« f**#d P*r sore, amounts of
MHiVf ;‘*fi ‘"'¦IBesides this,
questions -Wür, with the varions phases of the
MHAWVILLB
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
nonal attention
. - $770
THE UNIVERSAL CAR Sedan - - - $ 970
t of the
others to forget it, throwing
#Rlrltoalg0gnnR#M|ggM#
farm huel
are
As the work p
It what a uni
of Joy tative
of the
F. O. B. FORD, ONT.
and brightness before
J. L. HODGINS
«
It Is all a
tier of
surveyed will be visited for
the
of the
AGENT FOR
SHAWVILLE MOTOR COMPANY - Dealers • Shawville.
of our
the
y
the I other
r fond-
ée peculiar
the
f
of
end Repair*
SHAWVILLE é . QUE.
windows wide and la
In the
any
«unllglit
fi«W
which will he
###PAGE###6###

y
j finishing with 1 pound per day Elevator screening*, ns Hold from gov 1 eminent elevators, containing a min PBIhlidtudi (m	etcf>
It is quite possible fur the farmer are economical in the grain ration. A Delicious Menu That ('overs These Points
Economy, Patriotic Food Conservation.
By A Country Woman
/
MY CHRISTMAS DINNER
%
nd

>1

Home Production
to establish a flock even at present ( Various grade* of these screenings prices and realize 60 to 70 per cent, such as scalping*, buckwheat
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||pro#	ings, etc., may be he
By Agronomist	first year. Intelligent care must grain for cattle and swine.	Somebody said "Christmas" and 11 oaU, sugar, salt and fat
This Department Is for the use of our farm readers who want the advice ( be taken to prevent all undue losses Never confine sheep too closely in woke to the fact that Christmas din- until lukewarm of ln expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your question jn quantity and quality of mutton, winter 1- J- — —— *L1-	* •	'	*
ÜHgiSSS;	tE ' HEH : EE
_______	income therefrom.	; similar troubles which ore often fatal, patriotic family I am shaping our jn a moderate oven
^^^iSving Labor.	(not have done this if it had not been	infested with ticks, dip at once	-?- to these new conditions and so	_	„
mm
think how many minutes, as well	*h'lh	ia more,.than	<>uHe oil is effective for this purpoae. jells for help for the Red Cross, Vic
h,.rd work could be saved by having 'hvesv; beef. **** »r other perishable for it not only kills the lice hut also tory Bonds and al! our own community such gates’? You get accustomed to lu,lmal Pr.oducta* 8Ure,.v deserves pro- destroys the nits and makes the skin work
seeing and using vour own gate, but Per ca^ ln preservation. Only the and hair of the hog soft and ?.right ner must be planned not to cost too notice those of someone else. Some of, S,ean	brl"K ‘b« top price. A| There are many hog dips on the much. Instead of going to town to
IjBKMBi
difference in the course of the year’s) Replacing a broken hinge on the for Christmas or Easter, and by thus spring!,ng can. The hogs will rub „ugar. wheat. The goose will furnish	y	y P
work We should also plan on grow- barn door „r puttinp. a cheap fastener m»rketmg home-grown feeds, make against each other and thus distribute all his own grease and greasd to spare ing such crops that require the least on it in,tead of using a prop may gave » to $1.60 per lamb, over selling the oil evenly. The hogs should not for shortening for many days to come.
amount of time for harvesting com-1 R inutes which taken as a whole, arc Farly in the unfinished state. Winter j be let out of the enclosure until this is Patriotic bread appears daily on our i traded honey, 1-3 teaspoonful soda, 1 pared with the money and nutritive : valuable Repairing buddings stop- flnish m fattening rations:—Roots done. '	home table and as we like white, 12-8 cupfuls flour. 14 teaspoon-
value. We should also plan on having p;„_ jraughts on the cattle saves "turnips preferable if there are any	--?- bread for gala occasions I will use the ful -ait. 1 square melted chocolate,
such crops that will make use of a feeil because it makes the cows pro wetbers) 4 to 6 pounds: or ensilage Apple Dumplings.—Make a crust as yea5t oatmeal bread. The color is i 2 3 cupful raisins, 2-3 cupful chopped farmer’s time ns well as that of the i ducv more economically	i aml roote- equal parts, 4 to 6 pounds; for biscuits, using suet instead of but- white although the usual amount of nuts. Warm honey slightly but do
hired help continuously, and not have ) Farmers as a whole have co-operated hay <clover and fine grass) Hi to 3 ter. Roll to a quarter of an inch, white flour-is reduced.	I not let it get hot
al! the work pile up at one time. | in their work more this year than ever Pounds: Crain mixture as follows,—, Cover with a layer of finely sliced ap- ; At this point I took a mental walk »nd then the shortening See that all machinery is well greas-j before. There is a great difference, ' L 0ats-3 parts, bran, 1 part ; corn, pies. Sprinkle over with sugar and among my stored foods for I know Add the well-beaten egg, the melted vd to prevent rust, housed as soon as however in the amount of work done 1 pai	cinnamon. Sew this into cheese that we can have a delicious dinner chocolate, then the flour and salt sift-
not needed, as well as all repairs with the same help in a given time on I ** 0ats’ 4 Partsî brnn> 2	oil- cloth as for Rolly-Poly. Fasten the and yet be economical, conserve th^ together, and lastly the raisins and
made, each machine being looked over the different farms. One man is a ta*e’ ** t>Arb	ends. Plunge into boiling water, • necessary products according to Mr. | nu*s cut and floured. Stir stiff, add-
very carefully to see if there are any hustler and had everything ready In Start with % pound per lamb per day, and boil rapidly forty minutes.	Hanna, use home products and—oh, '"K '"ore flour if necessary. Drop
worn parts that need to be replaced, advance, another takes plenty of time----------------------------------- yea! eat correctly. 1 try to remem by spoonfuls on well-greased tins and
One binder I saw this summer had for everything and being unable to	pAnn im 11 «Til OlirPTIAI! rwiV	ber that three times a day and shall,l,ake ln a moderate oven.
been ii every season for the last prepare for a certain kind of work	lillllll Hh Al I H III IPS I II 111 KIIX	be happy when I have made a perfect
I until the moment it is needed, causes'	WVI/ llbflulU 1£U1jV11V» 1 WA	( habit of thought along this line.
It could a great amount of wasted time.
screen
Let stand Add yeast softened
Leave doors on protected] ner this year cannot be as it has been ; jn warm water. Add flour and knead.
1 side of shed open at all times. Over- in our family
If dried yeast is used, a sponge

How can we do this? First by co-op erating n re intensely among our selves
u> a whole the maximum use of certain farm machinery that may be too
Fear Salad with Honey Dressing One-half of a large canned pear or Therefore my Christmas din- two halves if the pears are small.
i
Each neighborhood planning
% egg yolks, 1-3 cupful extracted
expen six e to I individually. 1 ma nu re
silo cutters, feed
It is
s
grinders, ditch dij ers, etc economy to buy fertilizers in advance so they can be hauled and stored in the barn during the winter for spring and fall use
Each person should be ible to know how much he needs.
great saving can be made by buying in carlots.
Honey Browniee
1-3 cupful shortening, % cupful ex
Add the soda Beat well.


Fruit-Juice Drink
twenty years
Use lemonade, grape fruit juice or a Goose- -there is my muscle builder , combination of juices, such as grape and my fat product; patriotic bread— ; juice with lemon juice. Crab apple Dr. Huber will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If yoor there is my starch content; I will have jelly and grape jelly can be boiled to-Question is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns ;	apples with the goose and a fruit gether with a little water, strained,
rSHK&S SSDWESRHBESSSSH =£|^~S~rïS~=
E=™Sîi=;S55HH£5.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------¦	___________
mais are well fed, and reasonable	' In,ia , .	1 0UI meals daily. , a m. t orn-i	toast	or a drink of milk may be given	groups and take care of the sugar-	bread	cut very thin, will be the prin
shelter is found. Animals which are	*\00tl J* the great	defender from	meal, hominy, oatmeal, with butter	if it does not take away the appetite	group. I can use honey to make my	cip^l item
allowed exercise get up a healthy circ- tod’ an< tbe 00 ,r ^ 18 tbe more is and sugar or milk and sugar or but- for the evening meal.	salad dressing, saving sugar,
ulation which enal es them to with-	^^mach, even	ter and salt.	A soft boiled egg every	The oatmeal, hominy and cornmeal	Look over my menu as it is going	to
stand chills, and if they van get rough	though it tie	of coarse food with little	2 or 3 days.	Minced chicken on	above mentioned should each be cook-	be and congratulate me on having	cov
s'.el ter they adapt themselves to the	foot! matona!’ st*ems	to	act as a pro-	toast occasionally. A drink of milk,	ed 4	hours the day before they are	ered all the points: economy, food con-
winds. Animals tied up in undue	tectum against cold, the	bulk of warm	Bran biscuit and butter or stale bread	used.	The cereal should then be of	servation, home-production, patriot-
warmth during part of the twenty-	^bstance acting as an inner lining	and butter.	When egg or minced	the consistence of thin paste. This	ism, deliciousness,
four hours, and standing in cold	again9t lo8s	of temperature; but the	chicken are given cereal in smaller	is strained through a colander and	Ro ist (loose with Stuffinr
Zfaür&LZ	,'ike A*-*""-
fctS'ly	Th,' «¦.ll-kh.i.n experiment on , !.. Umb ÜÏ£'lB'-i tartriScta!	«t ESTIONS AND ANSWERS.	S.lMd'Sl’wZ’y D,,,,,,,,,
Animals are able to stand great cold	tion °[ the food consumed went to	stewed carrots, mashed cauliflower,	schedule for my 19 months old baby.'	y
with impunity so long as they can get	maintam respiration, to which starch	Baked apple or apple sauce. Stewed	He is vert healthy and as large as d
under shelter to keep their skins dry, and 01,s ma,nly contribute.	prunes. Stale bread and butter, two year old. 2. Would you advise
and can lie dry. It is the evaporation	.	^	^ Sample dinner. Lamb chop, baked taking the bottle from him entirely?
of moisture from an animal that caus-	1 potato, stewed carrots, baked apple, Does a baby at his age require
es chill,	and consequently the necessl-	/SK /7\	sUle bread and bulter- After the	two naps a day?
tv for	sheltering	hovels	in	lands	and	/ ^	21st month wel1 rooked string beans Answer-Read to-day's	article 2	out wilh warm water m whlch bak,nK
Vz wjtrnD ¦%*•,£%** ^«, «. mjsr*2 ^	»...
more quickly laid on when they are	There are many ^-hatched chicks	broth with rice or with stale bread	naps. He will most likely take them 1 towels-	8tuff	and	Uc	into	shaPe- lncreti8e the outPut-
restricted in their movements; but in , no" arnv,ng: at roosting age, and the	broken into the broth. Custard, corn-	anyway. Babies seem to have just1 Rub thc	ouUide	witM	fIour mixcd	with
doing this the ultimate object is not |frlck of ffettin* thcm *a^ly to roost- starch, plain rice pudding or junket, aboufthree functions in life Take 8alt and pepper* Place in roasting
ing without losses from crowding, j Bran biscuit and butter or stale bread nourishment, sleep, and wriggle when pan with bpca8t down* Baste fre" overheating, and thus lowering their and butter. 6 p m. Farina or cream neither eating or sleeping.	quently with pan drippings. Add one
vitality, is no small problem.	of wheat (each cooked 2 hours); from	Fracture»of Collar Bone	cupful of water to the pan after the
Some helps that are saving losses 1 to 3 tablespoonsful with milk and In case of a broken clavicle on an fir8t half-hour of roasting, among progressive	poulirymen	are	sugar or butter and sugar or butter	athletic field what should	be done be	To determine time for	roasting al-
poultry-wire covered	frames	that	can	and salt. Drink of milk or malted	fore the doctor comes?	2 What ie	low one ha,t hour 10 each	Pound-
be set in the corners of the brooder milk or weak cocoa. Zweiback or stale 1 the length of time required to repair To make the gravy» skim ofT a8 houses and brood coops to prevent the bread and butter. Wheatsworth bis- the break.	1 much as possible of the fat in the pan.
«hicks from crowding into the corners cuit.	j Answer—Put the sufferer flat on Thicken the liquor that is left with
when *!eepy time comes.	'	After 18 months many children will his back, arms by his sides no nil flour’ ftrst wet with a little co,d milk
Another similar help to be used lat- have better appetite and thrive more low but rather a cushion under the and 8tirred until Perfectly smooth, er in getting the chicks to roost early on 3 full meals the day, at 7 a m., 12 spine so as the shoulders shall be Add boilin* water gradually to make arc slatted or wire-covered portable o'clock, and 6.30 p m. At about 3 thrown back as far as possible. 2 tbe %ravy the right consistency, u! i lg<-> leadii g up tu the level of the , p m. a cup of broth and a cracker or , About six weeks.	*	Stuffing for Goose
§ T> « w w v *-ouôâ3 ggffzS
former .leaping place on !hc floor**!- 1	¦-- CUT 007 ANO COLD ON DOTTED .LINGS	I add the «It and the cleaned currant,.
It is important to place the low flat roosts just above the place where they have previously slept on the floor.
f grain this yeai
By John U Huber. M A. M.D
QfâPâ/rrfà
in maintaining a healthy constitution for a lengthened period
We shall have the simplest of recanned freshments for our third meal on
onions,
Day-old bread is neces Part of the sand
sary for these wiches will have jelly or peanut but ter or a touch of salad dressing sub stituted for buttgr.
Hot coffee or tea for those who must have it, milk or a fruit drink, will be served by one of us seated or perhaps we shall just let each one help himself. —
Doilies take the place of the tablecloth and only plates and spoons, cups, saucers, glasses and napkins are need-
ed
Make Bees Work Overtime
I Plans are being worked out in I California whyeby at the end of the honey-gathering season bees will be transported to o new region where flowers are blooming to see if they
Boast Goose
Select a bird of weight to allow about one pound to each person to be served. Dress and scrub inside and

one or
V
4
HIGHEST PRICES PAID
For RAW FURS
and GINSENG
N. SIL VER <
HIGHEST PRICES PAID
For POULTRY. GAME,
EGGS 4 FEATHERS
rieaee writ# for particular#
230 It. Paul St. w
Referenc#, Union Rk. of Canada
Montreal, P.Q.
F. POVLLN & 00.,
W. R. ADAMS GO.
32 Soneeooure Market
Montreal
FREMONT. NEB.. U.B.A.
Pays The Highest Prices
PATENT YOUR INVENTIONS
Home pimple device you (bought of I
For RAW FURS
r own up»* mu y be valuable
Booklet of Information free.
for >
RtttlgtightfOOt Luln, ' r‘,: X
Toronto
H
P
I
R
Add the stewed

Q



AW FURS
I
H
»
<
c

Cinnamon Apple*
ter

8
E
OUR ADVICE
Ship to us at once and Reap Benefits of High Prices now prevailing.
These are used as garnish for the 2 cupfuls sugar, 1 cupful wa-
T
S
goose
ter, 6 medium-sized firm apples, 1 teaspoonful red cinnamon candies.
Boil the sugar and water together for five minutes, add the candies. Core and peel the apples and put into the syrup. Cook very slowly until the apples are tender but not until they break or mash, color and flavor
stand in the syrup until ready to use. They should be clear and a bright red ! color. Serve round the goose on plat-Give one to each guest with the helping of goose.
•hip your furs to Adame by ex preee or parcels poet.
No duty on raw furs into V fi Our armies need the furs and we are paying big for them
Write for Price List 110.
The first roosts for the youngsters can well be made in the form of a movable platform having the roosts two inches wide and a foot apart, and the entire under side of the roosting I platform covered with poultry wire to j keep the chicks from going down through and behind the roost to sleep on the floor
vnrr un ,	_	—,of chicks are housed in one brooder
i OU WILL MÎSS SOMETHING coop, this plan will prevent them from
[ crowding and overheating, since there | is always air below and they will , turally prefer to sit on the roosts i rather than on the uncomfortable wire.	1
X
I


. à
W. R. ADAMS CO.,
I
1


<
The red candies give Let the apples
V
7f
We Also Buy HtDESend SIMLA ROM
'2/
Even when hundreds
tei
If you fail to attend

na
	
The Eighth Annual
Toronto
Fat Stock Show
1'ition Stock Yards, Toronto
Boil rather small white onions un
them for e#ch cupful of onions, one-i half cupful medium white sauce. The sauce may be prettily gimiahed with finely chopped freah or finely sifted dried parsley, one level tablespoonful to each half cupful of sauce. ~
Patriotic Bread

While hot pour over

<

Amused The King


The King and Queen had an en-thusi	option when they visi .
the Western ¦	H >spitaj #&
EMriilliiMlHliHHI

zrri
it Fur

One man. who
before. In
bad been first wounded at Mon#, told

'he beet that Ontario pro the King that he had been visited
after that battle by Lord Kitchener, | I who had said
Jwdg'mg commences 10 a.m.. Friday, wounds dont
T
1 cupful liquid, 2 tablespoonfula

I
1 tablespoonfu! fat, 1 teaspoon-
“Weil, well, bullet


S cake compressed yeast

softened in % cupful liquid, 1 cupful rolled oats, 2H cupfuls wheat flour.
breed	HHp
Scald liquid and pour over rolled
WiUie thought the skst.ng fine, Didn't see the dinger sign;
your Majesty,**
*aid the
makes one loaf of
A
10
m,
Ic> water to his chia.
2th.
i




###PAGE###7###
THE BOYS’ ROOM

THE HAPPIEST LIFE.
You Can Do Yotfr Bit
in preventing waste by demanding the whole wheat in breakfast Shredded
is 100 per cent, whole wheat grain prepared in a digestible form—contains more real nutriment than meat or eggs or potatoes and costs much less. Serve with milk or cream, sliced peaches, bananas or other fruits.
B

New Designs You Will Like
By Louie# Morey Bowman.
The sunshine was spattering over the floor
In a frolic of golden rain,
And the little green leaves were whispering
And tapping outside the pane.
There were their college banners and books;
And, hung on the plain gray wall,
Sir Galahad, ahining and tall,
Waiting there for hi** vision.
In the dream-filled days of yore.
But now they have seen a vision
And shall they come back no more?
Through the open door I heard the step of the brave little brown-eyed mother,
And though she smiled on the thresh-1 #
Is Found In Adaptation to Existing
Conditions.
Success and happiness depend upon the way in which we adapt ourselves to the realities of objective life. If we fight agptnst Aiange—end change we must meet at every turn and in every department of life—we soon become exhausted, wear ourselves out and sink back Into ourselves—Into the sub-conscious—and fail and grow old before our time.
If we cling to past experiences, refuse to live In the present, let our faith die when disappointments come, the results are the same. The life forces ebb and we sink into the great sea of the unconscious and arc on the rord to being submerged.	%
Desire, will, concentration, purpose, faith—these can be applied to keep up living in the present, to keep our enthusiasm active and our creativeness expressing.
A
A
A
X
3 and bread.
heal Biscuit
Has been Canada's favorite yeast for over a
quarter of a cemtwrv. Bread baked with Royal
will keep fresh and moist longer than that
V
A
earn easily be mad# at one baking, and the last leaf will be Just as good es the first.
MADE IN CANADA
• #
Eli COW*
TORONTa«55
J
E.WC1LLETT COMPANY LIMITED

ipce
Winnipeg TORONTO. ONT. montmau
\
The war collection of the Royal Library of Berlin now numbers 00,00(1 volumes, and they are bound in special covers of gray, stamped with the Prussian eagle.
A Cameo.
The wise forget, dear heart;
They leave the past And play the hero’s part, Brave to the last.
*
old,
i
In her eyes the big tears gleamed.
“I’ve been such a happy woman! .
We’ve always dreamed That little grandchildren might come some day,
And get out the old toys, and romp and play
Just as they used to. But now, you
There is something far greater than ^c small lad w»U enjoy wearing that, and, oh,	: thi« good-looking little
llie | Sometimes (me almost grows afraid to Pattern No. 8086, Boy’s Su:t
tern in .1 aiz»s; 2 to 6 years. lf> cents.
Mlnard'a Liniment Care# Garget In Cows
They weep not nor regret,
Calm are thtjjr eyes.
Dear heart, the wise forget	XJHW LAII> EtiOfl POl’LTRY. peas.
I am not wise!—	1 v hrami. honey, onions wanted, High-
Jeannette Bliss Gillespy. %' £££,«*'¦^'-«H. »»¦
PRODUCE
?
d *« 1 Al.fc
THE ONLY MEDICINE
FOR LITTLE ONES
Mlnard'a Liniment Cures Distemper
Made in Canada.
II
HAVEN borg'e great
VXD HKI.J/—Sweden-work on a real
“Pupa,” said Tommy, “little brother foo pL£o°nd 'h' ,lfe “r"‘r ,le‘,,h : is a month old to-morrow, isn’t he ?”^Fl«vx 4Ml * i "Yes."
What lie Needs
1
A WAR WITHOUT ILLUSIONS.
only 2f>
entn ivut	\V
Avenu#». Toronto.
Mrs. II. Blanche. St. Pamphile, Que., Pat- * rl tea :—“I have obtained great re Prio, 8U,,H from the use of Baby’s Own Tablets. They are the only medicine I know of that one can depend upon to promptly cure bowel and stomach troubles
suit. McCall
Ah Seen By a Young American of
Field Service.
f^ASCKH TIMOR* LUMP* RTC-XV Internal end » % t * r n&l rured without r»mIn by cur home Irfnr*#nt Write «• before ton let# Dr Bellman Medical Co f.imlted. <V IMnrwood Ont
dream!
“Fred writes, 'You taught us to “Follow the -gleam ",
With gay old Galahad there on our wall.
“Let’s you and me give him a birth day present."
“Very well
“Let's buy him a wig that more'n anything."
To most of the young soldiers who are fighting in France war has no illusions, but they are none the less determined to see it through. One who is an assistant the American
What shall it be?”
He needs
The Tablets never fall to relieve the little one and besides the mother has the guarantee of a government analyst that they are absolutely
Agents Wanted

Cheer up, mother. This life's hot chief of his section in I all*.
Field Service writes j Think of Fred—our joker—writing
that. Well,
In nil town* where we wre i.ot re-prr«*nte<1 to veil nui phonographs to their friend* uf factory prl< 4* Every machine guaranteed made lr and we guarantee *ntisfa< Mo it on« e for particular*.
The World Phonograph Co., Dept. W.
739 Broad* law Are.. Toronto. Ont.
MONEY ORDERS
When ordering goods by mall, send ; safe. They are sold by medicine deal- a Dominion Express Money Order.
(*rs or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.,
Brockvllie, Ont.
la
thi s to a friend in his home town
“I had thought of war as an impres-1 We must go down to lunch, dear give, triumphal onrush of cavalry; I	There’s the hell."
had associated with war the flare of	f
trumpets, the roll of drums, the knit- And so wfc silently closed the door^ ting of socks and sweaters, the sing- And left the room as it was before, Vng of the national anthems and j With the sunshine spattering over the
floor
rite

Marriage and Talk
m
It is only when people are different that they have a great deal to say. When they are alike they are satis.	P^^*^, fied Just to be in each other's company.
I \ A zi	A ‘ trangv Sight on the Sandy I lams marr;Mi folk gradually exchange
In a frolic of golden rain,	v h : \\\ | LfLA	of Southern Africa.	ideas and reconcile their difference?
“But this war is the most stupend- And the little green leaves a-whisper-	ft % \ i\Jf	One of the oddest sights on the their conversation is apt to give way
*-X.««...... hiwfir %%%2a&sz'etrw.=z:M
«u...............11 1}	A&trJTJK.'tLS;
. aUt». w	| j|	sîssista
|i .MssESzWikssBs
pntience and stern determination. This A temple that still guard* the Holy,	J i; I j f J	, ueninir their wine and lialaneln» TOUR tltONo' >rf«i,J..t Eye Coodcrt
EE™-"	J Ml
"A.,I yet thebW rri tl.t I. th.	--»- A,t S “riZXS
pATSLprUt SEEIQOS ILLNESS AVOIDED
huge guns, the march of reinforce- ;	__	New designs for house dresses are The bird appears at this ‘ime so ab-
ments or the observation of enemy Many a serious Illness lias been always appreciated if they are as good sorbed in its occupation as to forget
HE” B" !	EBE ^ EHE™" - ~=œr ¦ -
and dying. I see these men going up this way build up the system, roue and 20 cents.
strengthen the nerves and Invigorate
*
DANCING OSTRICHES
When bnylng your Piano Insist on having an
i.
T?
tho steady tramp of feet to the tune of ‘Tipperary.’
"OTTO HiG£L” PIANO ACTION
i
s
Gf Vital Inféra*! I j Syrup * ^
EE. #	^
Wide awake Maple S> rup Makers will consult their best Interests by ordering their supplies new la-b>‘ <ad of delaying until March, our busiest time Write for our free booklet telling about our “Champion" Evaporator, mi.de in 22 ilzee suitable for largo or small groves.
THE GRIMM MNFG. CO , LIMITED 58 Wellington St, Montreal, Cue.
anulated Eyelid»,
1

-Those Last Dear Momenta.
Each at her post we women stand;
Mine is the safer, easier part— And yet there is an iron band Of envy round my heart For her, the weary nurse who spent Those last dear moments at his side. The woman who in pity bent And kissed him when he died.
—Amelia Josephine Burr.
YOU CAN’T CCT OCT A
Bog Spavin or Thoroughpîn
but you can clean them off promptly with
Price, “The male utters a cry, which 1 sounds much like an effort to speak These patterns may be obtained with the mouth shut tight."
A. -,	¦	- — ,	¦ —¦¦	,	I I from your local McCall dealer, or from	-<,-—
miration; I see them in their trenches, Serious diseases generally come the McCall Co., 70 Bond St Toronto GI%LS! LEMON JUICE seemingly listless, fatalistic in their from some simple disorder that has Sept. WHH	b a émm^¦¦¦¦¦wmm¦¦¦¦
attitude; but I work with them short- been neglected. Therefore any thin-	(_ _
ly afterward when they are brought ning of the blood should be looked up into the little underground 'poste se- on os a warning sign, and more cours' on stretchers, borne by bran- serious Illness should be-avoided by
rardiers, where their wdunds arc the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.	People of Alsace-Lorraine	Have No Se	Jtiice^f two fresh lemons
dressed and where they are loaded into In the case of young girls and women	With	r,»«..««	strained	Into a bottle containing three
our ambulances, to be sent back a mile 1 be blood Is peculiarly liable to get	ounces	of orchard white makes a
or two, either to be patched up for fur- out of order—to become tbin and The Germans have lately been try-'whole quarter pint of the most re ther use or to expire under the kindly watery and to lead to a general ing to make out a case for the reten- markable lemon skin beautifler at benediction of their Mother Church, breakdown in health. This can be tion of the stolen provinces, Alsace about the cost one must pay for a And through it all there goes that avoided by the occasional use of Dr. and Lorraine, on the ground that they small jar of the ordinary cold creams grim set jaw and fighting determine- Williams Pink Pills, which are suit- are pro-German. But there never was Care should be taken” to strain the tion which meant for France the su- able for the most delicate oonetltu- j a worse case in the history of man. lemon juice through a fine cloth so perb victories of the Marne and Ver-	Hon. These pills will give you a new	For forty years and more the Ger- bo lemon pulp gets in, thefi	this lotion
dun. With never a groan where the	appetite, Improve your digestion, tone	man* have	tried	repression, terrer, wilt keep fresh for	months" Every
roads are rough or when shells make and strengthen weakened nerves, ban- and bribery, but they are farther from won. an knows that lemon	e is used * gentleman who had a good col lee-
aarSa 5	E=E?™H 2F-—"—
m „	.	. a ,1	„	.	,,	¦Yen,th Wl" re,UTn’ “d ,OU Wl" J661	^ere.	\	dally	Into	the face,	neck,	arms and
Moat Unceasingly Act he Member of	like a new person. You cad confirm	Even th,	parks	imJ tea-gardens hands
Body i. the Tongue.	these statements by enquiring among chosen by German, as their resorts
She's discovered the secret of per- Zusande"»^ lhounds"If	Ccman eve^^et!	Preaerving Overahoea.	| “But ” said the master, "he break,
petual motion," ! heard one man say sufferers have been restored to new 1 »u ? „ .	’’«rman ever gets Cutting a heel-shape piece out of an more than hia wages would pty for. "
to another the other day. “Her heaItll and energy by usin* Dr WU	^	"" A',at'anor old overshoe and pasting it in the heel “Why not raise his wages?” asked
tongue’s never still!"	nams' pick Pills	I-orrainer except at the point of the „f new overshoes prevents the heel the Irishman
-insir ta. 5»“Jt jsMzrwMtts istssaf 1 tis s“	sr*g—
—l-H-s	zzzzz -	=
2lw-Jttet wtï!ïïïHHiïEH:tam
"USJCsw * Il~ !	Ï.TT VSSi	s i
1 "	|	Is#?
*iS85&Sttæaïs&â-\ “~~ ,*-r=rVnJ:s»««"™
most sensitive organs of feeling, but, jn the event the message was pick- o-o- o o o o o—tv n -r> # # j “mistakes' makes one tired, says an
—"’Em	mmI
ABSORBINE
** .TBADt BC.UX'M't. Oft,
to their work in long lines or truck silent, thoughtful men, full of deter- ?he vital organs
and you work the horse same time. Does not blister or remove the hair. #2.00 per bottle, delivered. Will tell you more if you write. Book 4 M free. ABSOkbiNE, JR*
#1 the antiseptic liniment for mankind, reduces Varicose Veins, Ruptured
stuwi MBB ~	—
Cyeu. AUeye paie quicklr- P'ke H soi U s Louie si drug* ,«• or deHrcrrrf.
W f fOUBfi, F. D F., 616 lymans Eidg , Montait. Gee.
IS SKIN WHITENER
How to make a creamy beauty lotion
for a few cents.
Mlnard'e Liniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen,—Last winter I received great benefit from the use of MIN* A KITS LINIMENT in a severe attack of LaGrippe, and I have frequently proved It to be very effective In cases of Inflammation.
A COMPLETE BOYCOTT

ÜnorbiiK iid Absorbing. Jr., tie aide to Ucedfc
I
Yours,
W. A. HUTCHINSON
ITCHY SCALP EH
Characteristic Suggestions.
That Burned and Pained Four Years. Hair Came Out. Loss of Sleep.
MMy scalp was red and very itchy, and a fine rash developed which burned and pained incessantly. This seemed to destroy the hair roots, causing my hair to come out, which disfigured the top of my head. It also caused Los of sleep.
"The trouble lasted fourycars. Then I sent fora Ircc4samplc of Cuticura Soap and Ointment which encouraged me so
PERPETUAL MOTION
“Stop it out of his wages,” said the Scotsman, with the excellent caution of his race.
1 bought more, and l had one cake of Cuticura Soap and one box of Ointment and I was healed." (Signed) John Cunningham, Church St., Antigonish, NS, April 4, 1917.
Why not make Cuticura votir everyday toilet soap and p revent skm t roubles ? Absolutely nothing better.
For Free Sam pie Each by
Mail address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. 4,
Boston, U. S. A.M Sold everywhere.

%


v
i
Drain off the surplus water
&

=
Outdoor Workers
re to all hinds

I subject to
/
- DODDS
KIDNEY'
t,V PILLS
Mil
of
t
Vm

ow to Purify
the Blood

i
For Utils cost one can get a small of eflleiency by the most careful rebottle of freefone at any drug store,1 yard for every phase of their welfare,
we shall do better than if we pay hoed merely to the places where the sys-
and then has broken down or the Individual has performed disappointingly.
to mb.
modkine-eheet, and the captain's life
was saved.
A fireman on a Canadian Pacifie
t.

<
i
which will positively rid one r feet

m-
SsSTi
thirty drops of Moots, eon.m.ely
\\
of
tern

1 l

sr,

k le applied and does not even lrrf
“ 10 IN L '
•I ell
I*
hemorrhage. Wireless
¦¦¦¦¦•mi secured with an Allan liner, and
yhi
L
ng akin while ap
¦ #
TP
U

rfs L ii
> *
-

An automatic valve has vented that sound# a whistle when an
in
A



of
If

too little air.
at
and the

ED. 7.
ISSUE 4S—T7
e

###PAGE###8###
4
I
Canadien Pacific Railway
DAT
IQHE
INSURANCE
Tlt Mit Boit ni Slot Stnt
In sll countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'A ADVTBKR.whleh will be ment free.
MARION It MARION.
364 University BL. Montréal.
Ottawa to Montreal (vis Short Line)—
Lesve Ottawa Central daily, 0 «.m.. 0.80 a.m., M5 a.m.j 6.45 p in
14 daily except Sunday, 4 p.m Broad Street daily, 5.36 am., 5.56
Ottawa to Montreal (via North Shore)-
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 7.30 a, in.; 6.15 p.ia
Ottawa to Maniwaki—
Jioave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 4.40, jyu.
41	4‘	14 Sunday only, 0.00 a.m.	"	* .
44	44 Broad St. Tuesday and Friday only, 8.30 ML
AT THE LOWEST HATES IN THE ODDEST AND BEST
U
a.m
Christmas Gifts
COMPAN IBS.
Hog for Service
No change for Policy Fee.
Cull or write for Rates ami Particulars, vice. Fee-.1.00
Thoroughbred Berkshire Hog for
Her
Look as much as you like you’ll find nothing better for a Christmas Gift than a selection from our many lines of Fashionable
Footwear.
M. R. McGUIRE
MurrellH
E. PARIS» INSURANCE ACtNT,
QUEBEC
Ottawa to Prescott—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 10.15 a.in ; 4.45, p.m Ottawa to Waltham—
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 5.00 p. m.
“ Shawville l"i Ottawa daily “	“	7.35 a. in.
V. A. L TWKF.lt,
Agent, Shawville
BRECK EN RIDGE
For Service
Purebred Berkshire Hog for servlee-Fee #1.00
THE MARKETS
WM. PALMER, Hamilton Kami, Charter!*, Que
SHAWVIILE
There are shoes for all purposes, street
or dress wear.
Hog for Service.
A Chester white Hog for service. Fee-#1.00, or #1.50 for two
244-cli
Flour per barrel#12.00 Wheat, pei bushel, #1.75 to 2.(0 Oats,per bushel, 05c.
Beans per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs print sand rolls 4Cc Potatoes pel bag. 1.50 Eggs pcrdbzen 40c.
Fowls, 12 to 18c per lb.
Geese, 13c. per lb.
Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Felts 75c. to 1.73 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins each 90c
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
INO. B. JUDD,
Shawville
Then there is one line of Slippers where we show House Slippers, in every wanted
style and color.
Then there are Rubbers- Overshoes, Mitts, Hosiery and Overgaiters, etc.
For Service
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
with Wm. Horsefield in charge.
Highest Market price paid for all kinds
of oroduce.
0
Grain, Potatoes, Poultry, Butter,
Eggs, &c.
A Registered ChesterwIdle Hog for service. Fee $1.00
JOHN SMILEY. Starks Corners
24 3
For service
Purebred Chcsterwhite Hog for service
Fee-$l-m- App,y Borman dods.
Maryland
were interred at the Ladysmith .Methodist burial ground on Nov.
22nd, many turning out to |my their last tribute of resect to his memory. The funeral service was
taken by Rev. Mr. Bohen. of I Berkshire Hog for service, Fee-S1.00 Campbells Hay, in the absence of or $1.50 for two. Apply to
YaruLwho was awayVrom'home! ***	R R*N<k *• 6h*wvU lc-
But our advice is BUY EARLY as it will be
hard to replace stock at present
24 4
very
prices when sizes are sold out.
For Service.
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Cut of Wood for Sale
Hans Shadki.—Aukd 40
bÆSy âfuTÎ2 I M
Oclock Thursday monnng last— mUnicatiiiiz with ^
Mr. Hans Shade), a gentleman who	BOY DUFF,
during the past three or fotfr I $4-3	Mai y land, Que.
yeaiy carried on business here as watchmaker and jeweler, and who previous to that time was engaged for a season with the late Ci. M.
Donaldson, in a similar capacity.
WM. HODGINS.
Shawville, Oct. 22, 1917.
Your friend* eun buy anything you them except your photograph. One dozen photo* mean 14 presents.
11. 1mIson, Photo Artist.
An Appeal for Sailors
On December 8th an appeal will be made throughout the Dominion by the Navy League of C anada to raise funds tor the relief of British ami Canadian sailors and their de-
Stray Heifer Calf
m give
Strayed from the premises of the tin I	_ dersigned some weeks ago, a red and
About fifteen weeks ago he was white heifer ralf-hul both ears frozen stricken with illness, thought to last winter-about 8 month* old.
that malady»__Be came home ii-oin
the hospital several days before it was prudent to do so and complications shortly afterwards set in of l Strayed on to the premise* of the un so pei plexing a nature that it was designed some week* ago. a 1$ year uld deemed advisable to take him to roan hull. Owner may have same by
the hospital again for another I Proving ProPer,v * j1^F,l^SoDS** operation. This was done, but the	' Bristol. Que.
results were not satisfactory* ana *"
the patient’s condition did notim*|“ .	. __	. _ a .
prove with the couple of weeks’ Ollt 01 Y* OOu TOT S&16. treatment which followed. He
wa* again brought home, and from Anyone wishing to procure a cut of
that time on he gradually failed W004! w.i.11 ** supplied with >ame >y com .....il	?	. Ki....«	....| nmntcating with HOY DUFF
Maryland, Que
TAILORING
Tickets are being sold
mu-ie, etc at 23 et*.
Wednesday night was one to b«
pire. It is earnestly liope.l tint ^%'"*Th^ Rev. ' Juh'n Wilkie, the appeal will meet with n genei- D D ()f tiw„|iol. i„dmn Mission
VlTlîe\Çvy League of j anada is ££*“ "[‘ddress'‘'on'the"work-in
object expressed m the amieal now wolke|s	tllu Presbyterian
being made, its work includes the Chlin.h Am, it WHS worthy of spreading of knowledge and in- t|le rtsion tliat a large audience
553», rs&tiitt *5». «% tts .SHIS
Marine. It is supporteil by many p|1 h U) -This was the larg-of the most famous men and wo- (-u midwppk service lie had admen in t-reat Britain, while its JrfB(d in panada. After the Canadian branch is under the pat- addl.es3 an opportunity was given
h«»me to everybody as never be- a low acre farm at $1.30 ,»er acre.
s ¦ssu^ssr aMH
8ass&raï,pu.jis£;
pKœï ffiffiKt t
factuivr would have a closed shop knoWfl India after 30 years abode
to do. An appealon behalf of tin (jurist and the wonderful intrigues men of the navy, therefore, «hoiild of the Kaiser and his spies, with and will be i eeeived with *	11 > the wonderful response of Britain s
NvmiMithy by the Canadian people, (.al, , Hindu, Mohammedan and who now realize ns never before Christian alike. The S. S. scholars that the foundation <>t tJie hiD- were not forgotten, they were told pires strength is in the hmpit " ^	„at,ive worker that they
yRl1J>s:	. ,	,	.	t.i sup|X)rt, and the splendid
Hut not less heroic	j ¦. the natives are giving ill building
most more so-than the woik of the native Christian Brotherhood, navy in the war ha* beenthe;wo k WeRre glad HO many heard Dr. ot the sailors of the Men antih Wilkie ; we are sorry all could not Marine, who have risked thi n £eûl. j1|llle Missionaries and Mis-lives, and are risking them da > fl|onH Are no longer cleri«*als and and nightly ill order to keep t h to{e|.ttte(i schemes, but they have commerce of the Km pin; moving. 1,^0,ne imperialistic and are Km These men have no Government |)ire builder* of the most respected separation allowances m Covein- r|J|SS “Honor to whom honor is ment pensions, and their families t J™ .	-,
ancLdependents deserve the sup-	jt‘was announced fiom the pul-
,V done.	x I p iump ! *1* elder* for the kirk-session w as which showed the extraordinary
behalf of the Empire * sailor»-	- I become part of tint great I....
harvest which is being continually
i»eiidents, a ml for the Sailors Homes, Institutes and Hospitals in Canada and throughout the Kin-
Stray Bull
A good assortment of
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
Also a nice stock of
Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves.
1
until the end, his sufferings at times being most intense.
A service was conducted at the late home of the deceased on Thursday evening, and on Friday morning the remains were taken to the railway station and conveyed thence by the morning Mille Roche, Ont.» wn ShadeTs home is situated
The late Mr. Sliadel wn** a mi .	.	. ,	,	..
tive of Havana, and naturally was having wood tor sale a re request «kl to gggmg	' j	1 In I inform the undersigned at once, as to
kind of wood, price, etc.
21 3
MUBB^Y BROS., SHAWVILLE.
WOOD WANTED
IMMEDIATELY
tram to ere Mrs.
Shawville Academy School Board requires a quantity of 2-foot furnace wood — some tor immediate use. Partie*
Raw Furs Wanted
deeply interested in the war. L_ one of the last conversations the writer had with him before he
lie ¦¦¦¦¦¦
m
fore the Christmas season arrived.
Through an autopsy performs at W. J. Hayes undertaking looms by Dra. Powell and Fraser it was discovered that Mr. 8hadel s death was due to the presence of a large abscess located near the base of the spine. Something of this nature was stistiected after the first operation was performed, but it could not be located»
Hr. Thus. Shore accoupwinicd Mrs. Shade! to Mille Roche» taking charge of the remains.
E. T. HUDGINS,
Secretary
expressed the hojie iiltl be res tonal be
NO TRESPASSING ALLOWED
We are licensed to buy Raw Furs-of all kinds and are open to ^
buy any quantity of
family landed at Quebec after a I Red FOX, Mîllk» Skllilk six-week s’ voyage from Ireland,	»
Muskrat, Weasels, etc
reached the locality which became and has mince remained, the home-
X	I at highest market prices.
Hugh Elliott and the late Geo.	”w
"	XT ’“" Call and bring your Furs with you.
Mr. Hanna was twice married—	w
^,mdiy ioMi.sMg„1y Arm“t,,mg. ! We assure y ou a square deal.
pj^jBÉPBMppÉB him «une time ago. The children of his first marriage arc -Slaty (Mi>. Thos.
Hudgins); Margaret- (deceased) ;
Angel (Mrs. H. Horner, Bristol) ;
Jennie (Mr*. Geo. Hodgliii, Shawville) ; Second family—Jame*, ol Vann ; Lizzie (Mrs. Tame* Steele,
Onslow) ; Charity (Mr*. B. Ham inond, Onslow) ; Emily (Mrs. XVm McCleary, Thorne) ; Robert, (de ceased) ; Hugh, of Massey, <hit.
Take notice that no more treiqiassing will be allowed on Lot 22, Range 9» < 'larendou
service
Xnyone found *o doing af ter this notice will t>e prosecuted.
XV. R. GRANT.
Decern lier l, 1917
f
»
Xndrkw Hanna—Aukd IMS
A few weeks ago, the name of this gentleman, whose death we ¦¦Hj today, mentioned m columns in a connection
5
ago
We have some dandy bargains to offer in Men’s Heavy Overcoats and Tweed Suits.
9%
At the home of hi* son, Mr. K. E. garnered in to the storehouse of Holt, Ladysmith, there passed the Reaper of Uoiile f
g "-^worS^œ pssÿ
Misions,’ The different member, health. The deceased w*< born in « Urge connection of relative, and
-“saBaa'SKaas r mbs
ationnl way. The paper* were the United States. He returned •,l^ bonorabfe caraer.
alïïbraTs rasrs:1
gW^liiÉ g#### BBBŒStii
jwms vs-usti !» arspt&r
I The Clare hope* to have Chnrcb, and a staunch Conserva Mr. Ilanua s residence in t iar-tartaiument worthy -of Brie- tlve in polities. He was a man ol endow dates beck All are invited to keep thi* quiet demeanor. po**e**edii kindly having c iv night free for this event heart, and was held m high esteem mother and t\%
I | dialog*, by all who knew him. His remain* ] was only about 9 year# old
BRISTOL NOTES
pns*ml
. 1
Slaves af the Oewn.	.
u?e m b état# of per- Our $20.00 Blue Serge Suit is a dandy and
petual préparation of wardrobe. They 1
to scquir. on. tn any ap. cannot be duplicated at less than $28.00 today.

rsiw	; i a» si», se to 42.
a way that It would
me In
Men's Sweaters, Underwear, Heavy Pants, Goats, etc., etc., all at reasonable prices.
OUR MOTTO : Small profits and large turnover.
tertala of which
tore of Penelope's web.
Concert
Wemenly Ret eft.
are terribly Inconsistent,”
wot™tea Mr. Kwlbblee.
.JARCH IE DOVER
eta rtf Bn eu
•Jt
ei 85 year*, le to Canada with hi*


enter*, w
mmpihhwmm
There will be choi


