###PAGE###1###

u<;
o
No. 3, 35th Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 12,
1017.	*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
s
THE
IB
555? •*=?
Ttje Merchants Banl^ of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1874
THE HARDWARE STORE i
BANK
E»t»bH.M 1864
Capital Paid up - $4,000,000
4,750,000
OF
OFFICERS 5
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montauu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. P. Hebdsm GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. Mac a row
OTTAWA -Reat
05 Branche* In Canada
6
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
%
*7,000,000
# #
# #
# e
# e
Hon. George Bryson, President Bussell Blackburn,
8ii George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon. Gecrge Guidon.
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthie •	.
John B. Prater, Vice President Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O'Brien,
Hon. Sir George II Perley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst, General Manager : H, V. Caon.
• Chief Imptctor.
108,950,990
Haying Tools
# #
# #
• e
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small and they ran be obtained at this bank, tame are pay able at par at any bank in Canada. The rates are as follows
J 6.00 and U’idvr
5.00 to $10...
10 00 to $30...
30.60 to $60...
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up savings funds and are thus prepared for the opportunities or necessities of the future.
He
I!
10
Binder Twine
15
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
W. F. DRUM
Keep a record of your outings, your Here are Window Screens. Bar children and your stock, by purchasing the flies now. Save swatting them a kodak. 1 have a complete stuvk from | later. 0. F. Hoduinh Co.
H. Imison
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
$1.25 up
m r.
A record was probably -et atthe|rt summer kitchen ami wood shod Lily Cheese factory on Monday of erected on his property opiMisite
last week wlien 18,OX) lbs. of milk V1,1# pftiee on King Street. Mr. was m vived.	Alex Hazard is engaged on the job.
“Canada’s Best”
Z1G0WLINC /T’//
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
J. H. SHAW.
Correction — Elvyn Corrigan,
who ranked first among the pupils in Grade VI from Rural Schools.
The work night meeting of the Shawville H. M. Club will be held
of I). A.
on Thursday evening of this week. w,ns H<?nt ,n ^jf°ra •> School, Mg ,	, T ,Clarendon, not from No. 4, as re-
A night session ot the Mngis- i>ot ted
trates’ Court was held here on Wednesday last. The menu consisted of some alleged infractions of the liquor law at Coulonge.
Ottawa, Ont.
«
OTTAWA, ONT

45=
Our instruction is Individual, and the school la open duiing the entire year; you may therefore Mart at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pav a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local . colleges have in the past joined our class*
n .	.	. I • I Mr. James CuthbertSQIl. OI Ren. |es. Names and addresses ara available.
Posters are out annoimvmga big fn w, looking hale and hearty
lpaeg#M6i» di»8ss«=« -
the program.
Has proved itself to he Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examin* allons of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl ings Advocate.
PERSONAL MENTION
W. A. HOGGING
Students are assisted to pom
We are HEADQUARTERS
Mitions.
i for Short
SHAWVILLE
I). E. HENRY. President. Cor. Rank and Sparks St*
W. E. Gowi.in.,, H.O. W, Braith wait President
Mr*. W. A. Hudgins and child _	,	. .	- ren are visiting relatives in Ot
During the past week the council | tawa this week has had a number of teams employed hauling gravel on to the sand hill east of town. Those having occasion to travel this road,...	...
will appreciate the improvement. *e 1 * aut * o * # '	, ftn< ,HOn
So murn was Mr. H. T. McDowell	a, s]lfovt I A very successful concert and
in sympathy with the work that I	t\le J101»** ot Mr. and Mra. social was held at Waltham
he furnished a man and team XN m- lotie for tlie week-end.	on June 27th in aid of the new
for a free day’s work. If G. Fred Votie and several friends school and church in that vicinity, there are others inclined to follow motored from Campbells Bay to Mr. McDowell’s example, the attend the social at the home of council will deem it a pleasure to| Mr. J. Ftilford, Friday evening, find something for them to do
Principal
The Radford Ladies’ Aid were
Mr. Reilly Hodtrina is a visitor
t-o friends in the Gatineau district I entertained at the home of Mrs this week
I CAN PLACE 40
I
9am Sinclair in town on Thure day last.
WILLIS GRADUATES
EACH MONTH
Employers ask me each month to supply them with an average of 40 young women young men *n<l hoys.
During the past year I have filled 250 good positions ; I have had calls for fully 2.JÜ more.
Deaths
î5sî3ï9®S|mF “
t ion for admission to class for an Miss Lila Young of Campbells health for some time *died ma Elementary Diploma at Mac- B«y ^IHmt the past week the guests hospital in Ottawa, on the 3rd
dona Id Training School for of her cousins the Misses Lillian mat.
Teachers :	| and Marguerite Hudgins.	|	____
Cecil Brownlee, Agnes Wilson,
Arthur Dagg, Sadie Wilson,
Guwie Draper, Lillian Elliott,
Irwin Hamilton, Hester Hodgins,
May Horner, Andrew Howard,
Buelah Knight, Lucy Major,
Mildred Millar, Bessie Thomas
We want to offer some bargains this month so have picked the following :
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO COUNT.
If you have the equivalent of a Public >< hool education, and are fifteen years of age or older, we can train you to MU'one of these good places and to secure one of the good salaries that are being paid. .
i »? . ,i »,. I>* Little, and! Miss Mildred Olmstead, daughter I detay' pArticular* upon ie<*uest- Donot daughtcM the Misses Mary and Qf Mr. I)*vid Olmstead of Stark y Bessie, of Dinsniore, Sank., are Corners neighborhood, died sud-
visiting Bristol Iriendrt at present. I denly on Sunday morning. She
The Misses Marjorie and Jean had been working in the munitions Hudgins spent the week-end with factory at Renfrew, where she their grandmother, Mrs. P. Ltmam, contracted rheumatism which np-yoimg people at Campbell** Bay.	| pareutly led to heart affection,
social at Mr. I Mr. I. C. Thomson arrived Mon-
There was a very good attendance,	Alf. Riddell and son of !sud- v llle for a few years. The de-1
and the evening being fine, was	iaH been visiting for ceased had been in failing health.
pleasantly siHUifc. The program	weeks ivith her aunt, for some tune, and recently sub-1 (’ONCRETECULVERTS PIPES AND
gins, the local member. The Pres- Messrs Jno. G., Rugg, and Al- daughter—Mrs. Geo. Dunlop of byteriau Indies’ quartette of this fred Elliott, of Shawville, and Morehead section survive. His village contributed appreciably to Andrew Elliott, of Westmeath, renia ins were inter:ed at Upper the program. Rev. Mr. Mao- motored to Ottawa Saturday, to |Litchfield burial ground.
Galium occupied the chair.	j î.tte,Àd the obsequies of the late	- I At Shawville, Que.. July 3, to
Friday's Ottawa Journal says ,e	° e'	Many citizens of Shawville, who I Mr* A»d Mr*. Hilliard Hudgins, a
Within a very short time all C. P. Miss Nina Connelly, of Cobden, were intimately acquainted with
R. passenger trains will be running who was visiting in town for some the deceased, learned with regret, A"t'H*,-*ndnn Fmnt nn kvm
5K,SLSr.i&tttffiL %% iKzas te. ssste	%% ft f %%
used only for frieght purposes, ton and Lillian Hodgms.	The late Mr. Cole had been in poor Alm 11 ng* A 80n'
This change is favored by the Mr. Norris Hcxlgins, who has health for some time past, and a!
Board of Railway Commissioners, been editor of the Canadian Horti- few days preceding hi-* death had ( .ufam R xilen Dnu ,1 C A \f who, at yesterday afternoon s j culturist for some time, has been undergone a critical operation at c son of Mr and Mrs H H rwH sitting, paid little heed to the I spending a week with his parents one of the local hospitals. The p& fhïrd Ave who has b%m
ItasfeggNlH*
president cewoth, met and
Mr. and Mrs
I
N. I. Harrison, Principal WILLIS COLLEGE¦¦¦
2 pieces light colored Dress Goods, reg. 75c.
OTTA WA
38
WANTED—A good house maid for a family of four—no children. Will pay good wages. E. I). Osborne, Am prior.
A number of our attended the lawn James Fill ford’s, Starks Corners,
30
1 piece Blue Poplin, reg. 60c.
25
2 pieces Dress Goods reg. 50c.
Births
15
son
2 pieces Dress Goods reg 30c
1 piece Palm Beach Cloth reg 25c
15
A few ends of our 25 inch light colored Prints
9
f
I #ii . . ^	_	,	sen ted her with an address and a After an illness of several
Shawville Lodge O. Y. B. to the | beautiful cut class fruit set as a months’ duration. Mrs. Richards, number of about sixty and also j token of their respect and good relict of the late Andrew Richards, members of L. O. L. No. 27, held a . will. It was with the deepest re- Of Wyman section, passed away at Church parade on Sunday even- > gret that we were called upon to i the home of her daughter, Mrs. C. ing last, attending service at St. | sever our association with both | Hutchlm* Tuesday morning of Paul’s where a special sermon was Dr. and Mrs. Armstrong who were I this week, at the age of 0» years, preached to the brethren by Rev. j very faithful attemlents and liber- j The deceased lady, who was highly Canon Smith of Hull, who officiat- j al supporters of both societies and esteemed by all Who knew her, ed at Sunday's services in the ab-1 the church. As a physician the Dr. was a native of Fitzroy township, senceof the rector.	had worked up a large practice Her maiden name was Margaret
The brethren marched from their and had won the respect and good Poole. She is survived by two lodge room in double file to the j v ill of all his customers and as a | da lighters-Mrs. Hutchison, above cemetery, where they performed citizen he interested himself in all
the ceremony of decorating the! things pertaining to the good of of Litchfield 2 also one eon (Arthur) grave of a departed brother—the the town and our wish Is that both who resides in British Columbia, late Kverett Hodgtos.	Dr. and Mrs. Armstrong may have The funeral took place from the
A large at agrégation was prt* 4	i th new fi# f toil j late home of the deceased on Tnea-
sent and the service throughout and a long prosperous happy life,— day morning to the Anglican
_____	_	1 cemetery at Quyon.
Church Parade
20 p. c. off all Ladies’ and Misses
STRAW HATS.
A Commendable Move.
Shawville Lodge of Oddfellows have made a move which should commend itself to everyone who has an interest in the villa tery—that is, to raise funds wherewith to cut the grass, remove the rubbish and otherwise improve the appearance of our "city of the dead. ’ A subscription list is meeting with a liberal response among the citizens ; but as this is a matter which affects many ot the country peofde as well, their aid towards the good work is alao solicited. Any one who feels It a duty to contribute is requested to hand the money to Mr R C. Woodley, sécrétai y of the Lodge
ge ce me
Flayaouth Binder Twine.
W. A. HOGGING
entioned, and Mrs. J. M. Clarke




_
###PAGE###2###
/
Mon», such as fouling the periscope* with fatty or resinous matter, over which a veil must be drawn.
The U-boat, In presence of all these measures aiming at Its destruction, seeks safety largely by avoiding, as far as possible, the protected a eas, or by piercing the cordon of protective measures. It Is a reasonable ar-
HOW TO BEAT THE U-BOAT PIRATES !
CONTROL OF SEAS IS CHIEF FACTOR
Plano Firm 18 Years Older Iban Confederation
SUMMARY BY EXPERT OF SOME COMBATIVE MEASURES
PEACE WILL COME WHEN SUBMARINE IS CURBED.
)
gument, then, that the more the scope
tion on the side of a shaft, smooth in	--- of the antisubmarine measures Is
,	,,......... .	wi,h.,,5«.?...... """"""*•¦*"“
t\\ an eaMl> kerned E>ery one touv^ the valve directly, however, as With the Sternest Menace In	Seen In this light, the problem res™ ,ws hü\ïs ...................................................... h-,	ssr* J2.*^arsra
}8 . im,)Vlta,u Part of th< en^.nt' valve stem. This gives a more direct There is no infallible remedy against Germans can build or replace sub nsU e 1 , arv t1. t‘ moxink P?rts whlvh push to the valve, gives a broad sur- the submarine at the moment, but marines, and the greater encourage g!X e ^0N?tr*	h*‘	morv	vy|lnt‘ers em* face for wear, and has an adjustment there is just as much reason to be- ment of those restless, mechanical
po\r v smoother the engine is sup- which enables one to secure best re- Heve that we shall ultimately master geniuses—“mechanical" here being poseu tQ run. I he moving parts in- ^lts in operation.	the U-boat as there was that we ' used In the engineering sense -who.
\e. ar? ,8t . v J11st0rV thv,‘ * u‘ The necessary connection with the should master the Zeppelin, writes an when called upon by Mr. Lloyd George wins pm passing thtough it. This cranjt shaft is provided by the “two- English authority. And we know now at the time he was organizing the topsyturvy.
senes as a hinge for the connect mg to-one gears,” or “half-time gears,” as that the high flying, swift-travelling Ministry of Munitions, helped us first At the beginning Britain’s navy
t. XX l! v ,8nsmi s. theuI?Weru i{i they are sometimes called. The gear aeroplane Is more than a match for to cope with, and then to eclipse, the t^e dominating maritime factor. Ger-tran sa running the length of on cam shaft has twice as many the gasbag,	trench warfare material of the enemy. manv»g army was all powerful on land,
» thT"rT rVCelX ing poWvr from teeth as the gear on the crank shaft. The submarine will be conquered	A Wise Warning.	says a London writer.
e cylinders.	.	..this arrangement drives the cam not by one means, but by a variety of The U-boat, with Its travel radius of To-day the British navy has lost
, The purpose of the piston is four- shaft at half the speed of the crank means, cleverly co-ordinated. The three thousand miles, must ever have control of the sea, and the Germany .îold:	hirst, to draw in the fresh mix- shaft, it will he readily seen why they problem, while it calls for new Inven- some successes; but the number of army has lost control on laid,
lure on the suction stroke; second, to are called “half-time gears/'	tiens, also demands the Intenslflca- them can he reduced in time as jn this reversal of form, however,
compress it on the compression stroke; Now that we have arranged for the	tion of existing anti submarine men-	scarcely to affect the Issue. If a dozen decision has not been brought closer,
third, to receive the force of the ex- operation of the valves, it will he easy	sures.	Zeppelins come over England today, The German army is not supreme; but
plosion on the power stroke and trnns- to understand what follows. The pis-	Hussars of the Sea.	one or two may still hope to escape; also it is not beaten,
mit it to the crank shaft, and fourth, ton goes down with the inlet valve vvh t fh	. *hl .	. the fact that heavy losses, however, The British navy is not ruling the
to push out the burned gases on the open. This sucks in the fresh gas	h •	. ,	"	.	,	^	are practically inevitable makes the seas; but the German navy has by no
[exhaust stroke. The wrist pin serves and is called the suction stroke. Hav-	. h h whh	th_ ,	,	ller®	a*	game hardly worth the candle. When I means won the struggle for maritime
as a hinge and the connecting rod ing filled the cylinder with explosive !..	. f	P P <)f the day in which far more U-boats are control.
passes the power along, transmitting mixture, the piston now rises, forcing .. T.	.	.	‘ sunk than can be built arrives^ that If it has taken three years to revise
it to the crank shaft and causing same the gas into the top of the cylinder, I " ,f .	. 1	H. day sees the German submarine pro- the understanding of what a modern
revolve. The action is almost the “combustion chamber/' As both h ‘ . ...	./ TT.	. 8 a if°°» • perly countered, and In the belief of war is without bringing decision in
Identical w ith that of the foot on a valves are tightly closed, the gas can- Th‘ .	.	. Iirnn lPiv j 1 competent judges It Is not so distant sight, how long may it be expected to
bicycle pedal. The leg moves up and not escape but is compressed in the top ... ‘ '	*	,, S 1 P as some people Imagine.	take to organize and win a decision undown in a reciprocating manner and 0f the cylinder. So this is called the u, ^	‘	I We are told that hizdefault of a dvr the new conditions that are just
causes the	pedal to revolve.	In	the compression stroke.	Now comes the	1 l<l	sovereign remedy against the U-boats, | beginning to be understood ?
same way	the	connecting rod	and electric spark, setting fire to the com-!	Th	,T . f	lnnih^s tho	our best and only plan Is to reduce the	Submarines a Big Factor.
wmmmm&m
the “exhaus “L ve " Th/ /m P°Wer 7	’ ? ^ k ^ V / haPl.Hy for us, often (oo late There The U-boet. mu.t be hunted with through the destruction of shipping
¦ cithe""«e B...HK.V.KÏV. IMk>w..I.,,!.;;-»—, zz M " * ,1>b“	ZL'ZJrZ"Iz.z.
of the clothing was a set of woolen	Duel, in the Deep	ments, devise more effective means of than the Germans ate compelled to
submarines specialized In local waters. tjon-	^ ...	.	of machinery
^ rj1 dUU“l ",periori,y “ -
’ nets in the world to apply to the sea- countered. It is a ques	,	is no such thing any longer aa control
lanes of traffic.	study-concentration- Just as air aa- ^ ^ ^ The Germans cannot sail
The	U-boat fears the	mine, and it	oendancy Is a ques on o »	their merchant shipping on the	seas
generally moves	In	the daylight to	improvement am expei me ’ and the British cannot protect	and
avoid it, resting at night below the , Given a multipl cat on. even o	support their merchant marine. The
surface of the water, on the sea bed.	anti submar ne measures, , 8ea jg no ]onger the safe highway for
Mines, nevertheless, take a substan- | with confidence, it can be sa d hat	gj(je
tial toll of submarines, and it may be the T boat menace loses n ne	The British fleet can blockade Ger-
that in a far greater extension of of its gravity.
mines lies a much mpre effective U- The destruct on o	.
boat menace.	needless to say. enters into the pro
The submarine can also be fought blem	I I |
by the submarine. If when the war Grand Fleet stategy
broke out we had bad Zeppelins, they * would certainly have been used to 9 fight their kind. An Italian submarine has shown how practicable it is to oppose submarine to submarine can seek the other out, and in the dramatic duel below the water victory will go to fhe better boat and the better crew, which, after all, is all that any sportsmanlike and fair minded
nation could wish for. We shall sure- mitted to the authorities by Messrs.
W. Foster & Co., a Lincolnshire firm, and in time, after much labor and discussion, two uncouth monsters took shape. These were tried on Lincolnshire bogland first, then, at dead of .	. night, over a slippery hillside, a
Seaplanes are a splendid means of trench> a ^ell-crater, and barbed combating the submarines. They can wire
spot the U boat, and attack It with p^ally, there was an official test bombs or with charges, the tremen* «8omewhere in England/' Secretly, dous violence of whose explosion must the Unka were taken to the trial destroy any light craft in the iaimed- grouncj Over a piece of ground late vicinity, and there Is no more deli- whick h*d been made to resemble the cate floating craft than a submarine. worst part of the war zone they were The Importance of aircraft In warning driven, and the keen, critical eyes of merchantmen of the presence of U boats can hardly be exaggerated.
If we sum up the generally known means of fighting the U-boat, they are
V\ hat An Auto Engine Is
Concentration Which Produced Effective Army Must be Applied to Combat Sub Warflre.
The essential parts of the motor are
Three years of the war have served i two purposes:
1 First, to push all reasonable prospect of a decision further ahead than it seemed at the beginning; anti,
Second,, to turn the whole situation
On July first Canada celebrated the semi centennial celebration of Confederation.
Looking back over the progress accomplished In Canada during those years, the many remarkable achievements seem hardly possible.
The Industries of Canada have progressed step by step as the population Increased. Among the older “truly Canadian" firms is The Williams Plano Co., Ltd., of Oshawa, Ont., makers of the famous Williams Now Scale Plano.
R. S. Williams came from England and established this concern In 1849— 68 years ago. Canadians will feel proud to know that they have such a “truly Canadian” piano—the Williams New Scale, which they can be proud to place In their home. The Williams Piano Co. at Oshawa will be glad to send interesting points concerning the “Artist Choice" piano, free upon request
was
somehow or other be kept going long enough to get time and opportunity to devise means of coping with the submarine.
Attention Focussed on Ses
The most encouraging feature of the situation is that at last there is a thorough appreciation of what the problem it that must be dealt witbC The campaign in the north of France no longer is looked upon as probably marking

tory position.
The same energy and enterprise devoted to the submarine problem that made it possible for England to raise and equip its army of 6,000,000 men in fewer than three years will bring a solution of the submarine problem and restore something like the original relationship of powers on the sea. Tardily, but with all zeal and determination, the British Government is turning its attention to this problem of the sea. There is no thought of failure, no hesitation in any quarter in insisting that there must be only one result—the conquest of the submarine and the restoration of the right of a free sea.

Scene at the Trial in 1910 of the “Little Grandmother of the Revolution.”
That has
garments
?
THE OLD SUN-DIAL
I was present In the grim court in	----
the Litelnyi Prospect in Petrograd in In a sweet old English garden, the spring of 19H
pendent to the Manchester Guardian. ! Crimson cloves and damask roses when sentence was
Catherine Breshkovskaya. I shall I You will find a moss-grown sun-dial never forget the stoicism of this derful old lady
sentative of the various social orders | Qauintly carven on its face, each dressed in the uniform or cos- On the lichen-covered marble fume pertaining to his class, filed into Where the ivy tendrils twine, their places on the bench. Mme. “I will number not the hours Breshkovskaya and her fellow prison- When the sun forgets to shine." er, M. Tchaikovsky, stood when the president rose to read the sentence.
The stillness was unearthly.
After a brief resume of the case the president announced the acquittal of M. Tchaikovsky
Breshkovskaya. he said that, as shé had pleaded guilty to and even grori- When the way of life was sparkling
And its sun was all ablaze.
The Allies are estab
Midst the lilies tall and fair,
writes a corres
Breathing fragrance in the air
pronounced on
Ami with patient care may trace The judges, rep re- Wisdom in the Latin motto
won
THE KAISER’S INVESTMENTS

many to the extent of driving German ships off the ocean, but cannot shut up the German naval bases so tightly as to prevent the submarines coining and going. If the German fleet would Th@ #tory of the German Emperor's come out and fight a real naval supremacy presently might be established by the Allies, because if the fleet were once substantially destroyed it would be possible for the allied naval Powers to attack the German naval bases. But those bases are so powerfully defended by mines, by submarines and by land fortifications that a direct attack on them even by the greatly superior British fleet would involve too great chances. To make that attempt and lose would be to forfeit the last claim to control of the sea.	'
To our hearts we take this wisdom, Garnered in the days of old,
We will keep no recollection Of the moments grey and cold. But will treasure in remembrance
German Emperor's Reported Foreign Holdings is m Fairy Tale.
but that Is rather a matter of
Turning to Mme
investments in America and elsewhere, as given in a London Sunday paper, meets with small credence in circles moat likely to know something reliable about such subjects,
English writer. To begin

All the happy, halcyon days,
THE BEGINNING OF THE TANKS
fled in her rnembersip in the Central Revolutionary Committee, there was nothing to do except to pass sentence of banishment. Throughout the reading of the sentence the dignified old lady looked straight at the president and only momentarily lowered her eyelids when the decree of banishment was pronounced.
A well-known press correspondent and I were permitted to talk to her for a few minutes
Had Their First Trial in the Hogs of
Lincolnshire.
Golden light of love shall linger In its glory all divine,
We will number not the hours When the sun forgets to shine.
—Charles H. Mansfield
Each
says an
with, it has long been a matter of common notoriety that the War Lord has repeatedly been in financial straits. For, large as was the income he inherited as King of Prussia —the dignity of German Emperor does not bring him in a red cent—his “out-goings" are enormous. It need be only recalled that he has between fifty and sixty chateaux to keep up, several of which he has repeatedly tried to dispose of. Also his various industrial speculations, far from being a source of income, are well known to be one of expense.
As for the millions of dollars the Emperor is stated to have invested ill Hamburg-American and North German Lloyd shares, the directors of these two important concerns could tell a very different tale, namely, that they have had to pay heavily for the “booming" which he has, in many ways, given them from time to time
Altogether these fairy tales of the foreign investments of sovereign princes are to be accepted for what they are worth—nothing at all.
It was the Foster prairie-engine for agricultural purposes, with its huge travelling wheels, that was the of the Tank. A plan was sub-
?
germ
REMEMBRANCE
ly live to see not Isolated encounters between U-boats and E Boats, but actual battles, in which half a dozen units on either side may participate.
I plucked a primrose sweet this morn;
I rested on a grassy mound.
And marked the land, from heaven crown'd
With flow’rs of gold sound
In that dear haven I had found.
Save on the wind, a huntsman's horn.
I gazed into dear eyes this morn;
Clear eyes of blue that vainly tried.
Through burning tears their fear to hide;
Sweet trembling lips to cheer me lied
. A fragile form clung to ray side.
And pray'rs went out for Peace Day's dawn !
She was plainly gowned In black, with a cameo brooch at the throat
Britain Recognizee Situation.
Unless the submarine can be definitely subjugated it must be accepted as having completely revolutionized the whole art of naval war. There will be no such thing as a free ocean highway in the future. There can be no reasonable guarantee of security in war time under the rules that Germany has made in this war and so long as the submarine continues as effective as it now is. The effects of this development will be far reaching and more important than can yet be realized.
The British Empire depends for its stability on the maintenance of supremacy at sea, and if that supremacy is definitely I oat the empire cannot permanently be held together. Englishmen realize, and the most far seeing of them admit all this. But to them it means not that the empire is to be abandoned, not that the sea as the world's highway is to be surrendered, but merely that the war must
I heard no
Importance of Aircraft.
Her hair was quite white, but she had a pink complexion that a debutante might have envied. She smiled most sweetly and. speaking perfect English, but pronouncing each word separately and distinctly, said:
"I am so glad to greet you. and to speak English with you. It Is many years since I have spoken your language I am so happy because you have come and spoken to me."
In reply to our expressions of sympathy, she remarked:
“Do not let this trouble you. 1 have been through It all before."
The guard Intervened, but just before she was led away Mme. Broth-kovskaya leaned over the edge of the dock, kissed each of us on the forehead and cheerfully wished us “Good-by I" Friends in England and America sent her gifts of money and clothing to her faraway place of banishment, but she gave the money to her
British and French military experts watched the two tanks clear trenches, crush down parapets, ignore barbed wire, and negotiate a big, muddy puddle.
Numbers of tanks were then built with admirable speed and secrecy, and the crews trained. Then one day there came a report, dated September 16th, from^Sir Douglas Haig, that “we used a new type of heavy-armored car, which has been of great assistance.” The tank had made its de-
fer ere to-morrow’s sun Is born,
I go to France, to blood-red skies. To hear no sound save hell-sent cries.
Perchance to gaze in glassy eyes, Perchance to sever love's sweet ties And I plucked a primrose sweet this morn I
as follows :
(1) Sinking by shell fire. x (2) Destruction by collision.
(3)	Catching with nets.
(4)	Blowing up with mines.
(5)	Destroying by submarine attack,
(6)	Sinking by aircraft bombs or "depth charges."
In addition, there are other devices belonging to anti submarine organisa
The heavy horse producea the most power for feed consumed when drawing a load at. the rate of two anct one-half miles per hours.
—Leon Pollock.
Tell your pleasant experiences but keep your troubles to yourself.
but.
WUN DON’T NOO ANSWER MB
I60CSS MISTAH DUFF AM Go**E
___-.out r-
Ton- HA^E NOU , ÔOT MN masadne-
Tom- DID Nou TAKE
MN MAcAZINeÇ
I Won OCR WHAT TOM DID WITH THE MAGAZINE —, I WAS REAPING (-----
IJ ég.
Sy-EÜ <?
F
i
i
i
Eàür
I



v
Z
i
y



I

I
I
1,1, •
g
<

X
11 <Lk
9
1
t
Ii
179
Ml*
•M,



4%



###PAGE###3###
WELLS AND THEIR CONSTRUCTION
arm (Pop
Jfqvr
roDJem
eries'r
‘
1

r‘l
*
Special Care Should be Exercised to Ensure a Pure and Abundant
Supply of Water For Home Use.
s
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell _
Grru/urftx/ 6y ftrsà 7(e(&n jCaiir
Apart from municipal water works, our water supply is secured almost entirely from wells|HHBilfeBI this true on the farms and in the smaller villages importance that the well be properly constructed, that it be situated far from any source of possible pollution, and that the water be of satisfactory
pump or other elevating means at the Around this well, a concrete platform should be laid of at least eight feet diameter, sloping away from the well, to prevent surplus water, or water from melting snow, working down alongside the pipe.
The shallow, or dug, well is much
more common. This type is uiually the most carelessly constructed and •Mrs. E. C.:—1. To preserve straw- framework of slender strips of wood the source of much danger to health. i berries in the sunshine, place in a the size of the bed, snd tie the four Such a well, however, may be con- Preserving kettle in layers as many supporting uprights to the bedposts, structed in a manner as to be safe, in-1 l'0,,nd« of sugar as of sound ripe her- over this frame a two-yard-wide piece so far as the collecting and containing rieH* which have been hulled and j of cotton mosquito netting is thrown of the water supply is concerned. It wQ*hed, and when the juice is drawn and the edges tucked in under the must be understood that no well can out a little set it over the fire to cook; mattress. Let there be plenty of possibly be satisfactory if the source *et cook twenty minutes after boiling. fresh air in the room; it spells health, of the water supply is polluted.	begins. Turn the berries into earth- 2. The rubber diaper it, Jwidëdly
The illustration herewith shows a en or agate plates, cover each with a j harmful to baby. It acts like a heat___ which is as safe as possible. Pane of glass to fit tightly over thefing compress, keeping the genitals in
For the upper nine feet the well is toP a,d PIa<*e in the sun. Let stand a constant state of moist heat which watertight the sloping platform | two days, stirring two or three times I encourages itching, with its con-diverts thé surplus water from the pach day« At the end of this time sequent scratching and rubbing. One well and the top of the wall is car- PIace in sterilized jars, seal and store of its most serious after effects ir bad ried above the level and provided with them without reheating. 2. To give practices. The mother or caretaker
an absolutely tight cover.	!the halr a shampoo take one cup- seeking protection may carry about a
‘	,	.. ful of cornmeal, warm it in the oven, rubber pad to place on their laps
The pump has een P ace< ^ add one-quarter cupful salt to it, mix under the child, but under no circum-
e	-veil, then holding the head over a stances bind up the child w th rubber
•nild\< bed should not be
j
top
Mothers and daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to write to tnla department Initials only will be published with each question and Its answer ae a means of Identification, but full name and address muet be given In each letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answers will be mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed.
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law, 23» Woodbine Ave., Toronto.
Especially is
1
\	The object of this department Is to place at ths
* A service of our farm readers the advice of an acknowl-jk 1 edged authority on all eubjecte pertaining to eolla and ÿ I crops.
It is of primary
I
Address all questions to Professor Henry 0. Bell, In care of The Wileon Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In thla column In the | quality order In which they are received. As apace la limited It la advisable where Immediate reply la necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when the answer will be mailed direct

The safest form of well is the deep, or bored, well, carried down through
Henry G. Bell
are usually scattered by the cutting of the wheat. In preparing seed wheat it is difficult to separate them from the good wheat by fanning. ^ Hence, they are spread from year to p year at the time the wheat is sown.
It is a comparatively easy matter to get rid of the pest by planting your crops, in a rotation where wheat does not follow wheat for two or three]
ingxbf good clean seed will quidkly rid you of the pest.
Question—R. S.:—What Is the best time to make a meadow, in the Fall or in the Spring? How much seed is required for an acre?
Answer;—As a rule, in Ontario best meadows are established in spring.
Question—Y. B.:—Will you please give me a little advice about hog pasture? I had a hog lot which I manured and Intend to summer fallow, y It was clover last year
grass pasture for the hogs now. What is the best to sow on this lot? Con I sow grass seed and have a grass pasture next year, and what kind?
> I well


1 have a
I
$

Answer:—I would advise you to plow the lot in question, and carefully disk and harrow it. Then sow a mixture of grass seed somewhat as follows:
E
Clean cultivation and plant-
J
concrete platform,
level, the pipe is embedded in the cloth or newspaper rub the meal into [cloth. 3. A c
Crete and carried to the bottom of the the gcalp Brush thoroughly.	[too soft. A hair mattress or some
well where the water is co es .	Peggy:—1. Red Cross Societies arc firm sanitary cotton mattress is best,
is considerable advantage in no - an outgrowth of the convention of This should be covered with a protec-mg the pump at the top o e	Geneva, Switzerland, held in 1864.	2. tive strip of stork sheeting and the
Surplus water is continua y spi e , yegf the South Pole was discovered by pad, over which should be spread a and, as more or less mud, larnyar Hoai(j Amundsen, the Norwegian ex- cotton sheet. The covering on the manure, etc., is carried on the boo s o piorer| who reached it on December bed should be as light as is consistent those using the well, this water be- , 16< mi Robert Falcon Scott, the with needed warmth. Overheating is polluted and seeps through e English naval officer and explorer, highly injurious. A baby should have
cover*	_	.	; reached the South Pole on January 18, a bed to himself. 4. The beat method
In many summer resort», defec i\e 1912, only to find the Norwegian flag of removing superfluous hair is to wells are the cause of much sickness, an(j ^ecordy left by Amundsen. Scott destroy each individual hair with a lit-and many cases of typhoid among perished on the return trip.	tie electric needle. This method is
urban residents have been traced to j Mrs. S. T.:—1. Aphids or plant lice called electrolysis. 5. Vitamines are this source. Too much care canno an(j black fly are the insects injuring the vital elements in cereal grains, be exercised in seeing that drinking | y0Ur currants and gooseberries. They milk, eggs and vegetable products, water—one of the essentials of life usually attack the new leaves and tips. They lie very close to the outer cover-is thoroughly protected.	! Frequent spraying with some of the ing in grains, cereals and many vege-
tobacco preparations or whale oil soap tables;
_	...	annual incapq that occur from ^&s a Bood effect. If the fruit is not temperature in cooking
Poultry Disease Investigator.	v	eases and parasites are	more ^an	half formed put in the soap	O. W. G :—1. To remove white spots
It will be	of interest to poultry- Pou rJ	s Nq rgon know8 ^hat	or Tobacco	solution one tablespoonful	from a polished surface rub with a
keepers throughout Canada to know	^ ' . b t it ig wel| into ^e of arsenate of lead paste or one-half soft cloth wet in essence of pepper
that there is now an expert who de- ®..a °	,	.. ea‘.b vear I)r. t*blespoonful of arsenate of lead pow- mint until spot disappears; then polish
votes all his	time investigating the |	°"‘	,	work will no doubt do	der or one	teaspoonful of paris green	with flannel. This will not injure the
diseases of	poultry. Dr. A. B.	ethimr	to eliminate part of this,	fo a gallon	of the spray. If the fruit	most highly polished wood. 2. For a
stalk have developed and a vigorous	mnet yHHKfnntn, v	Torrance arranged for Dr. Wickware	.	U3e a poison mash. This is made with stain and rub gently. Ammonia and
stand is present. It does not reach "t ’ r),r ?,	.. „	, __ + .1, T to take up this question exclusively. In Exodus iii. 8 Palestine is de- Cne pint bran, one-half teaspoonful water or alcohol are also good if the
maximum growth until the third year. , llU 0 lvl	in at « He is therefore now co-operating with, scribed as a land “flowing with milk, paris green and one teaspoonful mo- stains are fresh. 4. A faded black
The best time to seed orchard grass in	J r! "iL. J fj^iiîïïî the Poultry Division, Central Expert-'and honey." Bees are abundant even, lasses with enough water to moisten silk dress may be cleaned by the use
Ontario is in the Spring at the time ^ , . t J n£° #mmnn:n flnH in mental Farm, where, since last fall, to the present day. In the remote, to a thick dough. Put a little of this 1 of a weak solution of coffee water, the usual clover and grass mixtures * ***«or/ .v.iinKU*	1 • ? he has been conducting experiments parts of the wilderness they deposit along the rows, and the cutworms will Restore the lustre by careful rubbing
*	1 VrJ	along this much needed and very im- their honey in the crevices of the rocks eat it and die. In the fall dig in a with a soft silk handkerchief and do
C.	Tliie^enil portant line of work.	and in hollow trees.	good lot of quicklime in the affected not wet the silk too much. 5. By all
-FSSHvïHs —-----------------------------------^----------;------—	a ysKs =
both clover and timothy. It will also	Flatulent colic may be	caused	by Whipping is likely to send his hot
help the grain crop.	change in food, too much succulent blood from his heart to his head, de- ,	—JBMBI I I	H	¦
and easily fermented food, as green luging his sensitive brain and driving	1 s0 ll ‘s better to permit it to be
"S-r.ü.'ïuft.-s- siszrzsrz'Z:	„ ,h; ,l;s.0
tine in a pint of raw linseed oil, and if “Come " “go on," “atop," “back" and chief reliance in a child’s diet. At °“*h candy u> supply nearly one-half
. émpmiss
immwiis.mmâmsrnmsm£B:ï
the bees ,Urt from their hive..	near by, a tiny ant tugging away l«y the beginning too long.	MrL	isn-t wicke.i but nerve..,. tr,^te to grow‘h' j	. to a dentist. Hi, teeth should be exBut on thi. particular morning the ¦- • big gram of aand.	Wh.en he i. afraid of harness	hlm thlt there is no danger.	energy food necessary to the amined twice „ ye,r. Crooked teeth
lazy little fairy had alep^ so late that “Do you think this is such a flne,Per8 or ma< hines >l >s nc,t	,	child is furnished by milk, cream, but- ghou|d he straightened. They place an
the bees had been .round and eaten all world ?” asked the fairy. “I should!	-. —-------------1 ggg==="^ter,\ cereals, bread, potatoes, sugar undue strain on the teeth and are Bathe honey,—every	scrap,—and	that think you would hate It. You have to	yA yTX ~ >. yveu-The heavy laying hens are those *nd	fre»h vegetables. bruit and ble to cause breakage and decay. De
made the fairy so cross that he did work all the time."	| f fâÀj^xgwith white legs.	—	green vegetables are necessary to cayed teeth should be filled and rec
not even remember that he might stir “To be sure I dc,w replied the ant IJ	) A tight-feathered bird is a better ™Aintim a healthy condition of the ommended treatment should be under
round and	hunt	for something	else	to	proudly. “That’s the reason I like to ,	A r/ ^	layer than a loose feathered one.	blood and normal bowel functions.	taken promptlÿWIÊKÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊlB
Working la the jollieat and	Market Calendar.	Am a rule, the first pullets of a Vegetables, like tbrnips, spinach,	it is possible to fill a child’s mouth
He sat down	at	the	foot	of	a tree,	most	interesting thing in this whole The culling of non-layers from the	brood to begin laying make the best	cabbage, containing plenty of fibrous	with dental bridges and other artifices,
Intending to sulk all day long; but be-	big world—didn’t you know that? It’s [ flock	should be continued throughout	layers, and the first cockerels to crow	or cellulose matter, offer the bulk ee-	thus	concealing	hidden	points	of	in
fore he had more than started sulking	true.” And the sturdy little ant | July.	The season of high production	usually make the best breeders for	sential to normal digestive action,	j faction	which	may	ruin	the	health	< f
a robin came by.	^	picked up his burden and started is over and at the high price of feed, egg production.	A mixed diet, comprised of the the child in later years.
“Good morning, Friend Fairy!" said *way.	j it does not pay to keep hens as board- The laying hen is usually nervous foods above mentioned, contains tia- | Never give alcohol to a child,
the robin cheerfully. “Isn't this a Left by himself, the pulking fairy w throughout the summer.	and active; she has a strong appetite, sue-building elements, the protein or Almost all patent medicines contain
firi,	>	began to feel very joolirh and very | M in July old hens, broilers, green evidenced by a full crop at night; she energy foods (sugars, fats and starch- alcohol in considerable quantities.
“No, It’s a very bad day," said the sorry. „ He remembered the fewer I docks end old ducks.	is the last to retire at night and the ea), the minérale (lime, phosphonia Soothing syrups and patent medicines,
fairy crossly, “and I wish I were an bud b*- ought (o have opened long ago; :	• — 1 1	first *0 be about in the morning; she and iron) and certain other substances ] often recommended for sleeplessness
apple!"	and he thought of the sunbeams he! Secrets In Securing Layers.	U_aJ»o late to melt in the fall; she is termed vitamines, the absence of and restlessness, most always harm
•What a funny	wish	for	a	fairy to	should have	helped.	An egg-laying strain can not be	distinguished by width	and depth of	which may cause seriout	disease,	the	youngsters
make," said	the	robin,	laughing.	“If	“What	I	should be wishing for," he [produced by inbreeding. In order for	abdomen; the comb is	usually large	Lipoids, also necessary to growth, are
change into an apple, I’ll eat a	whispered to himself, “is work. And a hen	to be a good producer, she must	and the eye bright.	found in butter, but not in lwrd, cotin you."	then I should hunt round and answer be in	good health and full of vigor.	An authority says that an examina-	tonseed or olive oil, although these
~ «Then I wont be an appla," replied my own wish "	Use a male that was bred from a hen tion of the earlobe4a considered to be fats furnish energy.	|	The most satisfactory thing with
the fairy crossly, “for I don’t want a Slyly he slipped round the tree to that laid 200 eggs or more in a year almost infallible. A chalky white ear- In cereals, whole cereals and whole, which to keep a cookbook open when
bud he was sure he Breed for high averages instead of ex	lobe indicates that a bird is laying	wheat are best.	,n UB€ " "heet of glass bound with
And as the flower ceptionally high individuals. A good	heavily, whereat a cream-colored one Hard, crusty food should be given	prase partout binding and kept for
layer tuiially stands high in front and	shows that the bird is laying moder-	each day in order to develop	the jaws	this	purpose	The book	is	opened
hit back is not on a level, or the rear	ately, has just etarted	or has just	ami teeth. The child who	does not	wide, and the	glass Is id	over	the
The befct pro- stopped. A milk-colored earlobe shows develop its teeth and gums or resist- opened pages not only keeps your
has ing foods will probably develop a con- plsc< b it prevent th, pages f or dhion of weakness. .	'coming soiled while in use
Never give pickled foods or highly
d foods to children. Candy and The law of l » 4 may be tak they ere like! her there is no
on
.*»
10 lbs. common red clover 8 lbs. timothy 2 lbs. nlsike

m
Total 20 lbs. per acre
pound, per acre of a fertilizer carry- »r« obta,ned from ««."» w*?eat or b»r‘ ing 2 to 3% ammonia, 8 to 10% phos- “ nu.r8e cf°P8' 8,nce these f r»,n>
EiSÉF
Question - E. B. How tLould	miXtUre the ,0,l°Wmg U C°m--
orchard grass be sown and how cultivated? 1 have twice sown orchard grass with barley without success.
What caused the failure? When is the best time to sow orchard grass, in September, or October or the Spring?
How much should be sown to the acre?
3
F:
comes

MSB
easily destroyed by high
are
mon in Ontario
10 lbs. common red clover 4 lbs. alsike ~
6 lbs. timothy
20 lbs. per acre.
Make sure of the quality of the
are sown
Question—A. W. B
1 am very much troubled with chess or cheat in my crops know the cause and how to get rid of
,
Will you kindly let
Be
it?

Answer:—Chess or cheat is one of the brome-grasses which seeds about the time the wheat ripens. The seeds
For that reason,
df/m
become one I’ll gobble you up!”
“Then I won’t be a spider," said the fairy, “for I certainly don’t care to be gobbled up. I’ll be something else.”
>
(
S/oms
The healthy child spends

<
But remember that
live



To Hold a (eekbook Open.
vou
hole

I’ll be something, open a buttercup
The robin laughed and flew away | opened, what do you suppose that sur just as a big toad hopped out from prised fairy found? A drop of fresh
behind a tree,	sweet honey all ready for him to eatl I higher than the front
“Good morning, Friend Fairy!" he I As he	sipped	the honey and	planned :	durera	usually have large combs, a	that the	hen 1- .-	aid slightly or
croaked. “Isn’t this a flne day?" | what to	do next, a card ira I bird hop- ;	high tail, and • prominent, large	stopped	laying	A very yetlasH
“No It isn’t," said the fairy crossly; I ped by.	!	bright	eye. Prefer the wedge shape,	dark earlobe indicates» that the hen
“and I wish 1 were a spider!”	I “Good	cheer!	Good cheer,	Friend	rather	narrow In front hut wide be	has not	laid at	all. A extremely
“What a funny wish!" croaked the)Fairy!" called the cardinal. “Isn't hind, and wide between the legs. A white earlobe also may mean---------------\pt
tur# of the he
hole eaten in me
>.r


m
a«iona’!y, yet Israelite* i< riven to cause ha m when Booty >od ia tb trate fo

47
rr velvety the tea r	i
tyet always the largest hm is fh- I -	I it i almost a certs
sign that she is laying heavily.
Thr m
ted of cap
and whales inUin. especially metallic
if h
And the happy little fairy called | best layer It back, “A fine day for working. Indeed
ti
bave to work very hard and spin a
ra
might
ritat-. treasure#.
Iv


web before they through the aâr? But 1 hope you délit Is!"
can crawl
beat layer; generally tbe smallest

fur examp

pro
I
###PAGE###4###
mam motion, which carried, as abort noted by a majority of 63.
Thv bill ict likely to undergo changes in committee before it up for third readihg.
but now v\|H'vts to pull through know h
THE EQUITY.
You
is another Canadian— pretty
>een to increase united States trade n the markets of Latin *tse, Spanish, America pean wai
Let this be yofir constant maxim, NOTICE > QnF MEETINGS
ORANGE NALL, SHAWVIllE :
¦¦ <
The Kuro-
Tlwt no man fyiu lw good enough to cutting off commun!- (neglect the rules of prudence.-Field-
gritty.
eehee— im
ii	ii	i	, abilities
l. 'pt1 ymi like j'i u new home m the .ai knowledge of the Spanish UnI will write you a longer letter <uage has grown so rapidly that the
i as my arm gets stronger.
I by, dear mother,
Your son, y
iiv. John MvNalm
evvml
comes
SHAW VILLE, JULY 12, 1917.
tl*t a
O
CÎIEKD8 BECOME TNITED,
dc.e, No. :m, h*
\f of vaeh mouth at
0. Y. B. LO
ets 2nd
8 p. m.
W. E. N. Honour*, Hoc. Secy.
lu,I
Wedeeed»
The demand for a practl
General Lalkenhausvii, the >uvw>v
in	Von B , a* Govet
? Belgium, was rei#>rted at death’s I	Board School
,m .Niturdav. Should ht- go thu V..mnu.s,„nm of Vlam.d-m mvt
•	I resent - i Imirman l rtieman A. II )ia
> iwtoM predecessor, thr I |vr . Vominissimiers Tracy, Wall
* groaning under his piti- | Laugluvn.
Minutes of last meeting read and ap proved on motion ot Commissioners Tracy and Laughren.
Motion Conn s Laughren and Tracy That inasmuch as the pvoplv of No. 12 I! wish that Mis> Jean Harrison he iv engaged as their teacher, this Hoard
Minutes Clarendon Schools
One Effect of War Is Much O reate*
Tolerance.
O. O. McDowell, W. M.
West
tftmolH are finding It difficult to cope Ith the situation 0 if Washington, with a staff of seven cachets—under n graduate of Toronto University, It Is interesting to was forced to turn away 200 Undents from its Spanish classes lu he fall of 1916, for lack of lnstruc-According to a pamphlet, pu tils hed recently by Allyn and ltucon, n New York City alone more than 10,000 pupils are studying Spanish. In the De Witt-Cl In ton High School here are 1,200, and In the Commercial High School, of Brooklyn. 2,000. \t Harvard University there are 600 Undents In Spanish courses University of Chicago the attendance n this language has Increased threefold m eighteen mont h# rease at the i verslty of Michigan s typical:
1916, 450 iceepts Spanish for matriculation, as lo also the state authorities of New York.
is
A mingling of creeds and a L _ T „	_	, ,	_
broader, more practical brotherhood L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st I ucs.lay of each
mark the religion Of to day. Men of 1 month, all creeds—Protestant and Catholic and other faiths—are together in the
i
(
The University
i
>\a\ of his
le wh<
Ki ova HD Dale \\\ M.
Rru. Mono ins, Secy.

i
t
1
lot
army. The Illusion of separating the secular ami sacred no longer generally prevails. In the true life all things are sacred. So it is of duty In this great struggle. Hence It Is that church auditoriums are thrown open for recruiting and national service meetings, and In these side by side are Catholic and Protestant speakers.
A great factor in all this has been the Y. M. C. A. in every camp from the Atlantic to the Pacific, with its broad program centering about the "Red Triangle" and its almost endless ramifications. Here business of every kind is transacted for the soldiers. wholesome athletics fostered, and social, educational, and religious needs ministered to. Here, too, under i the same root the Roman Catholics 4> meet for inass, the Anglicans for
B8B*
optional opportunity to secure ¦ j A summary of ' all experience,, footing in South American market,, then, must show a manifest ennobl-
m 18 “ c.h*ni° f<” her	V In; of life and character. In claim-
position that otherwise might take ,ng ,hls there Is no gainsaying the
I'Tiilar In Our standpoint of commercial utility br^taV' and ' alT?baMa‘‘evU ™'"'|n‘"*’
sss vssa ana*
stands first One very important wlu more than ever brand It as a feature which should be kept clearly vcritabIe hell. And yet because
In 'lew is, that it affords an entry to these conceptions prevail in Canada countries that produce raw material,
but manufacture to only a small degree." Our Canadian universities, with the exception of the University of Toronto, have neglected Spanish.
At our Provincial University the guage as a practical and study of this language has suf-cultural subject, which have so long fered from unfortunate restrictions.
One has been removed only recently.
Beginning vith the next session,
Spanish will be offered as a General Course subject in the first year the Modern Language department, however. Spanish will continue to hold an inferior position to German in the curriculum until a much-needed change is effected.
rule, will i
l
I

n
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on
the 14th of each month
II. N. Hoihiins,
XV. Comp, in Com
As a Police Cashier.
*TIa!" said McSulfter, when he met McDougalL '‘Did you hear about my brither s new Job? He’s been appointed cashier at n police station."
*^aP said McDougall “I heard nae
x »... uk.~,J L...............	"is £;
.	.	utside, one gixtd coat of
proclaims the ainash-up of the present Uunt, U accepted, and that John A
i 1 jiartj t- led by Sir Wilfred| Telford be apjioiiited t< ¦ examine and
report t<» thi> Board. Carried.	I	Disappears.
I(o|H>rt of 1 nsjHvtor 1 Inuvytiviti re. There Is a town in England which Schools 1, i, 12 A and 12-11 examined. 'vhcn >*ou approach It disappears.
Motion-VouVra Wallace and Tracy— 5wms Impossible, doesn’t It? But It tiling of the I That the report Unaccepted, tarried. 13 Quite true. The town is in Norfolk, What. It may again be asked
Motion- Uoiub Tracy and Liughrcit aud ,ts n“imo is Diss. Thus, you sea, I -anada doing in the matter?
That the ratepayers of the when approach it Diss appears.-»
Pearson’s.
nlilc tears over
ly to shed any departure, nor s for the peaceful re] spirit.
R ko. HcmuiNS, Com. Scribe.
ors
r up sjh'i ial i-« ti f h is era

Dog Astray
Collie, spotted black and white. Answers to name of “Roger.” Any information leading to his whereabouts will be thankfully received.
JAS. F. KELLY,
Green Lake.

I
;

At the
M

British Columbia- is to be formed
It
counts the ‘coppers’ us they come In.'1 —Loudon Telegraph.
11 School
The In-
1914. 110;	1915, 225;
Harvard University now
Shingles for Sale.
A car load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
il. T. ABOVE,
Slmwville, (Juc.
It will appoint its own Vat
I
trier
liamentary leader, and will be an iiule
Fhe offi
idvnt party in the Ibrnsi I announcement of the c
1
. n vent ion t<- form the t - w party was
It w ill convene at ! and *1 " >
township ot t larvmlon are hereby not t
tied that hereafter The Egt ity shall In the medium of publication of all notice? liertnining to this Board.— Carried. Motion Com i s Laughren and Tracy That -tin* following lulls !>«• paid erful drive against the Austrian forces Miss Hark ness, supplies,
opposed to them on a sector of the long Cowan, printing bill, ÿ
battle front which previously had Urn | , 0*u'l !*il 1, S —A arried.
Motion Com rs Wallace and Tract
le 1:H riiurs.Ut
i
Wi'iiiiiK'g ou August Tl h and Sth
FOR SALE
A VALUABLE LANGUAGE
W) acres of Hay, mostly clover.
R. W. HODG1N8,
Shawville
Rather unexpectedly, Russia came . k into the ring last week with a p«>w

KNOWLEDGE OF SPANISH WOULD All) NATIONAL TRADE.
8— : .1. A V. I 'aidwell
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Now That the Study of German Ha* < • rown La's*
Sehooh
Urging That the language Which Would Open the Doors of South America to Us should Re Taken
the theatre of much heavy lighting
1'h.it Messi ». H. 8. I! u nett md I W (h, r 15,000 vmoners were taken, and Hmlgm.s U- a;,,minted amlit-r, ..f the
i.iltics nutul>cring a Unit :tô,tKK> were j hooks of the School Municipality of
dieted upon the enemy who had an | Clarendon. Carried
Motiop ( im’rs Wallaci md 1 j That James Kennedy K* exempted the balance of lii> land school tax for School 12-A, up to 30th June, 1017. Carried.
Motion—C’oiurs Tracy and Wallace —That Chairman Urajvr be ap|»ointed presiding officer at the election of School t 'ommi'dnnvrs to take place Monday, 0th July, 1917.—Carried.
Thoughtful Men Are
- First Tuesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
Cits
entire army division destroyed, accord -to the report from Russian headquarters. It the bear lmd executed a few stunts of
VP
oven in a much leas intensified form than now, and because of an utter absence of the war spirit, It is possible, in spite of war's savagery, to reach out to a higher goal than before this cruel struggle was thrust upon the Allies. The goals already Indicated In temperance and other things evidence this.
There have been untold sorrow and suffering, but out of the many, 1,1 many times heated furnace of affliction Is coming the refined gold. There have been incalculable sacrifices in the giving of all that Is noblest and best, but it Is the giving which bringeth an increase more and more. Canada is surely reaching a higher and better life, and will continue on to yet nobler and more worthy goals and aims.—From "The Dominion in War Time," by J. P. Gerrie, in The American Review of Reviews.
HAVE been disgusted with the extravagant claims on behalf of the German lan-
i
u
thi* nature a couple of months ago and kept the enemy from massing his legions «•ii the western front, the chances are French soil would have been pretty well cleared of the invaders ere this.
- First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday,
of each month.
» •
been made In many of our educational institutions, and the disproportionate amount of time given to It
M. A. Mi Kini.ky, AW. Sce.-Trva
London suffered another lx nt from hostile aircraft on S lining. About twenty airplanees took part in the attack, which was directed mm two points. Bombs were indis-iimiilately dump'd upon the city as lie enemy planes rapidly passed over. British machines attacked the raiders
tnd drove them off, but whether or not
rd
when compared with other modern languages
la\
i
Such was the pungent remark of Prof. Alfred Baker, of Toronto University, in the course of his ltd :	in I Lester Letts to his address on "The Spanish Nations,"
sister Mai»ol, dated St. Martin > Main- recently given before the Empire (Engd M iv 22	•	Club of Canada, when he declared to
Letters from Soldier Boys to
Relatives
CLEAN UP SALE

The Largest Living V..
Rory McKenzie, known In t
_____________________________-ietles in the United Siwt^an
a sympathetic audience that for the ild McGregor!_______
present, at least, the greater portion nan. comes from St. Mary's, Ont. of time devoted to German would be He stands over eight feet In height much more wisely devoted to Span- md weighs 26 pounds. He has been ish. Dr. Baker took the same high *n entertainer on the stage for some ground with regard to Spanish lan guage and literature which It will be remembered he took with regard to French language and literature in his presidential address last year to the Royal Society of Canada. While not having upon the Engiish-speak-d those ing people of Canada the same claims
____t n I canals and the "C a. as French, Spanish has upon both
Jlpiinotimagine its lieauty.	English and French-speaking peoples
1 am not the least bit sorry for m .* urgent claims on economic grounds,
inH «ly» *2125 regret the dir 1 ADd large claims on the ground of world's history, my. —	__mil leput this uniform on 7 and 1 am tha:...- literature and art.	"In two years and a half a nation
me conscription BUI	tuj t() |ie al)|e f<| bac|; Jimj Siiv \ Although the parent country Spain >f eight million trained in the arts ri*e fla« that commands the respect
XI» B kadi no C MiKiF.D BY x M x.i- have done tiiv hit • although it has ht*cn 18 uot as yele Prof* baker pointed )f peace, indifferent to the manoeu- M other nations and inspires among To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Al-
»£ZYCLSUKS s* s.'ïü&srs a s s	..... ¦',,y
Ottawa, July 6.—The second reading	, . ! ,	;uyI ttIwa>s ,H: ind her people, on the whole friend- incial operations on which military there is well-distributed material
t the Compulsory Service Bill was	M 'v ,	, 'M‘K ,’k 1,1 btture years ami y to them, but greatly hampered	mccess Is based.	well-being,	but, what Is even more
tssed at five minutes after five o'clock j	Vavtf d?,le m¥ llut-v towards within her borders by the machina- "This peaceful	energetic neighbor important
tliis morning by a majority of 63.	friends, home, king and country.	.ions of the Germans, whose uulver- >f ours decided to raise an army of
The vote sîo«n1 118 to :>*:>	r red left l«*r France last Friday, and ml policy of "peaceful penetration" >0,000, increased it to 400.000, and
Twii.itv	Emrlieli	Til. Sirmrd pleaded to îiave tlie opportunitv laa been stealthily pursued there s now aiming at 500,000 with a cer-
"-rb	K	...
English-speaking Liberals voted against ,	; , J * xv !!. i *U*e8» and of exploiting her re- present year exceed Its imports by the last two years and a half Canada
the measure. Half of these were from	, ,	,	>/ ,....	.	V1	m'"m	tources and markets for herself	1345,000,000.	Though not fully de-	, ha» pre-eminently shown. She has
Quebec.	.’a.cka”, ?in	rejoice	to ace our	when peace comes. When the strug-	/eloped Industrially, the Dominion	passed through one of those times
There were three votes	taken before I "p-fttl	,	ul	<Ie end8* as is 8Ure t0 cnd in vlc*	™8 been able	to provide fully for Its	which try men's souls, and which sift
*L*-!*!t.....¦ -«•	Jr CAT *3	S’.»JSUS.'T SStiTSSSTSf KSS? t	*«.««0,
lilt fil'd \"U xv as on the six months , would not look at a girl. 1 envy hi-, erprise and commerce, but owing to -aise millions for war relief, and to Proved her possession of those quail- WEST LAND REGULATIONS hoist amendment, moved	hy Mr. J. A.	I cool nerve.	ts remoteness only a very limited	participate in	British loans.	ties that mark the people of master-	I	i
Barrette of Bert hier. It received only This country is full of Canadian sol- ie,(L compared with the vast oppor- "Starting out with a loan on the 1 ful ability, able to shape their own .	.
nine votes—all Nationalists. The Lib- diers -almost* all the trooi* are over unilles which Spanish - America ! notber country, Canada soon found Jestiuies and to hold their own in i he >«.ie Head of a family, or any male ends as well as the Conservatives voted ! jlvre !10W	1	Affords.	is the result of interior reforms i the rough world of actual life. Her over 18 years old, who was at the
solidly against it.	i . ,t . k.)X 0f CAn.iv ,.n(1 f,,llr	To get a proper share of this po- forced by the war that she could pay , *i»ter commonwealths of the British mettcement of the present war, and has
The referendum amendment moved s-itimiiv I	p IV ! fnl,al trade* 1>’lnK almosl at our own way, and this she is doing 1 ?mplre overseas—Australia, South since continued to be, a British subject
in by the Liberals op]using Laurier,:	—---- Able task that Is generally imagined. he Don River supplied Wm Lvon 1 moet striking tribute to the 'ar- I	AgcRg ^ ^"1» Age ncy for Dis-
vl»en the figure* were announced. j Letter from Corp. John McNally to hi* <s is well known, Great Britain, al- I Mackenzie with miner for hi* innr- lighted wisdom and Justice of the ln, t\ Kntry by proxy must lie made on Of the 62 vote* which Sir Wilfrid1 mother (Mrs John McNally) dated Jiough in the throes of an unpreced- 1 lalg in connection Mr Colin : Imperial Government. But Canada certain conditions. Ibitivs— Six months Laurier received 43 were French Cana-1 Hastings, Kng., May 26	snted war, but with an eye to the fu- dinner F^stwood of Denver Col ,s our nel8hb°i* on the north, and we I residence upon and cultivation of land
dian and 19 Englixh-Canadian. Of thel Dear Mother	;ure' l8' by Promoting and encourag- mn of Mr. John Eastwood and now are more ,amUiar w,lh whal ehe haa in of three years.
and Albert Champagne, of Battle-	few more weeks. I got hit on the 11th	>a8t y,>ar	waa three	times greater	xwks. went to interview the rebnl	' The flagstaff In Kew Gardens, Lon-	''^estead latent on certain	conditions.
’old- four t onservatives and one Lib-	of April. We had a hot old time with	*baa that	of the preceding year,	eader in reference to some indebted-	don. Is a Douglas fir which was shap-	' ^<‘ttlt‘i aftei "''laming	lnmicMtciul
nil -Champagne.	Fritz. That was the morning the ( 'an-	,a.? Spanish have recently been	I	aess for paper supplied. An arrange-	Ied and c re o so ted In Vancouver,	latent, if he cannot secure a pre-emp-
Fhe referendum amendment haring	adians bmke through the Oennan lines	'8l*bnshed in the	universities of	| nent was made, with the sanction of	: Poles of Douglas flr are highly valued	{ion, may take a purclm-*ed	homcMtead
'n disposed of, the Speaker called for I	It was awful ! We advanced al>out two	7*?**	German Is no	Sheriff Jarvis, by which the Washing-	tor ships' masU and flagstaff# be-	in certain districts. Price	#3.00 per
teti *f
l*ây "I Nokiiers and	the allowance	of	both ride*, but the Canadians that are	^r_a l4.rîer snd m”re funeral study	-	t7it, and came to Canada In 1116,	°f the available supply range from	deLETrtalîxc,). ^|t|ona.
tinir dependents were ânmaseij.	wounded or diaabled are shown even	>f Spanish in our ‘ durational Inatltu-	I	tret settling in Drummondvllle, and	three hundred thousand million to	'\h'n ^minion Lands are adver-
8ér Robert Borden	regarded the am- j	kindness ami nothing seems too good	ions* ** *bou d borne in mln<1 that	ngaglng In trade between Buffalo	; three hundred and fifty thousand	or l«mte<i for entry, returned sol
« miment a* a dilatory and obstructive for them	?u.ri ne;fbbor8 l° th<* a®utb of us Vv And Niagara. It was he who laid million feet, board measure. The liera who have served overseas and have
-e=^ mm#
SsfEsa sss sb
New Kxpress Cream Separator Singer Sewing Machine The above must Be cleared out and most liberal terms will be given.
t
i
Mx dearest Mai
K'l
the largest llvin
This is Tuesday n
it working as usual m.. and we ire through for the day.
1 am at t h i« I or une time, coach ing on the firing point at Mythe, which i* sun j**sed t
something t«
Hvtlu
n and I am
I went out at 4
ged any of these aerial xulture.s corded in first iles|iatvhe>. uei-xtent of the dtfumge done Another toll of death is 1 ive been levied upon non-combatant * tn ans, including women and children. 1 > these outrages may Ik

G. A. HOWARD

lYaiMxl by Roosevelt.
fears.
r is til
No nation ever yet achieved greatness through ease and absence of iThe New York Tribune, one of the I effort ; and although material pros-jreatest of American newspapers, j perlty is an absolutely essential printed in a recent issue the follow- foundation, the lack of which ren-ng remarkable tribute to the brs hopeless any attempt to raise a Achievements of the Canadian peo- worthy superstructure, yet by itself, pie in the war:	md to the exclusion of all else, ma-
"Canada's part In the war is one j teriul prosperity, no matter how )f the most brilliant chapters in the | abounding, means at the very utmost
a kind of bastard greatness, more contemptible than any .other kind.
1*0 the
t in the world
nvverthcl
U
A Notable Tribute.
CANADIAN
PAC I FIC
RAILWAY 00.
Homeseekers*
Excursions
iven
KOI Y
II l~

is a very ;»i no views of it walking in there ' rising sun glowii
1st les
vtty town.
You can it daybreak
I
imagine with tl parks You
ted to
me until the British i*eople wake
y of retaliating in
1
ex]
nen

s
CicKxi going every Tuesday, May .	..	.	.	.8th to October .*k>tli, 11117. Return
been dev,.o£dertebe ,7ern anYloU? IjK .Zmle"'''"''"'	fPOm
virtues of	and adventurous	'
valor, of trained prowess, of readiness for self-sacrifice, of power to render service, and of determined
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shawvllle
These are the virtues which during
^GfisSBà,
com


cr
L
W W. CORY,
iMputy Minister of the Interior, N. R.—Unauthorised publication of this advertisement will not be paiê for.

%






6
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
The
^ Weekly Journal devoted toloeallntereite.
Summer
Rush
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
\

StrnsoiuPTioit, $1 a Year in Advance.
tW All arrears must be paid up before
any paper is discontinued.
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal Advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 3 cents per fine or each suhsequent.lnsertlon
Business cards not exceeding one inch Inserted at $.">.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 3 cents for subsequent insertions.
C jimnei’clal advertising by the month
for longer periods Inserted at low rates ill be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will hasserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Mirth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
\

\



Is on. •Now that the cool days of May and June are over, we look for a big rush in Mid-Summer Underwear.
y

« >
i


¦fi
/
y
8 11
y*::
V

svr
•Hw »|IM
*• «K» lié
MOI 4 *****
•••. «A •••
FRESH HEATED AIR

which vr
Follow the arrows and see how fresh heated air, used only once, circulates freely around the bread and bakes it from all sides at once. Proper oven ventilation prevents “sogginess.”
This scientific oven should place the NEW PERFECTION OIL COOK STOVE in your kitchen. The New Perfection takes up little room and doesn’t overheat the kitchen. The Long Blue Chimney makes the flame ‘ 'stay put* ' with no smoke.
Roy a It te Coal Oil the Snv Perfection will cook your meal for from 5 to 10 cents.
We are prepared with ample stocks—The smartest and newest styles.
These dealers •ell them:
SILK GLOVES
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Hère they are : Gloves of pure silk, white or black, double woven tips for better wear, two dome fasteners.
75 cents a pair,
J. H. Shaw
G. E. Wainman G. F. Hodoins Co. W. A, Hodoins
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
With
Professional Cards.
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
Limited
UNDERWEAR
DR. A. H. BEERS] Ladies' White Ribbed Cotton Undervests
in plain or fancy yoke styles with dainty trimmings-and shaping strings. Eight special lines to respond to all
popular demands. 15, 17, 25, 35, 50, 55, 60, $1.
Drawers, closed and with wide umbrella knee, nicely trimmed with lace edgings. Two special lines
35 and 40 cents.
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
SHAW VILLE, QUE.
SURGEON DENTIST
Camvhklm 13a y • - Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University. r Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
3:7
c
Scream \
r# and raise'your calves | ft> upon the skim milk/ Any quantity ofcrearrV jfl be tahen’and the 1 highest price paid.
ftsss -Ï
a

II
PUBLIC NOTICE
i- hereby given that the under-mentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have lieen seized, and will Ije sold at the re-selective time and place mentioned Mow.
Superior Court.
Province of Quebec, |
District of Montreal,
No. 5042. I
THE TRUST & LOAN COMPANY OF CANADA, Plaintiff; vs. STANISLAS LAROCHE, defendant.
The lots of land situated in the township of Duhamel, in the county of Teiuiscaming, known and designated in the official plan and book of reference for the said township, under the numbers twenty and twenty-one of the seventh range of the said township (20 and 21, r. Td)—with buildings thereon erected
rJo lie sold at the parish church door of Nr it re - Da me - de - Lou rdvs-de-Lorra in -ville, in the county of Temiscaming, Que., on the THIRTY-FIRST day of JULY, 1917, at TEN ¦
forenoon.



i
4
I?
C
S. A. MACKAY
v
wt
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
i
AN
S ‘
YOUNG MEN.
Presh New Shirts.
Good Shirts are scarce, fast dyes are scarcer, but early buying has put us in a position to offer you a good shirt, $1.00, 1.25 and 1,50 each.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.

Low Prices . .
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring- Trade.
G. F. HOGGINS GO.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, &C
o’clock in the
ROMANCE OF ALFALFA.
Escaped From (wcrmany.
Privates 16367 Thurgood, Vancou-Journcycd From Ancient Persia ic ver, and 24361 Sam Gordon, Montreal, taken prisoners in April, 1915, and members of the original Canadian contingent, have succeeded in escaping and have reached England.
The men state that there was not much difficulty in escaping, as the rivers were frosen. Parcels were reaching the prisoners much more regularly lately. It was evident that ! Germany's difficulties of transport were increasing, and the conditions of the prisoners’ camps were not so good as once was the case, but these two think this Is not due to the guards, who are anxious to treat the prisoners as well as possible in order to avoid trouble in the camp. When trouble does arise, the guards are packed off to the western front.
Every German soldier admits he fervently hopes to avoid such a fate. Thurgood and Gordon were taken care of well after crossing the fron- | Moore, tiers, and were sent to England with seven other British prisoners, who also escaped, with nearly two hundred and fifty Russians. The latter, say these Canadians, escape in large numbers.
•Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tT Visits Shawville every Saturday.

BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.

Sheriffs office,
Bryson, Que., 22nd June, 1917. [First publication, 30th June, 1917.]
Peaceful Ontario.
G. ITT. DÜLE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
The story of alfalfa Is one of the romances of agriculture. Five hundred years before Christ the plant was recognized in Persia, but it was not until a little over half a century ago that It first became generallyj known in North America.
In the interval between these periods the history of alfalfa is inter woven with the rise and fall of Empires and the movements of armed hosts. Alfalfa furnished fodder for the war horses of the Persians when Greece was invaded by the latter.
Carried to northern Africa, possibly by one of the followers of the Queen of Sheba, it was later taken to Italy and still later the Moore left It in Spain as the only really Rheficent legacy of the Arab conquest. When the Spaniards themselves became conquerors, In turn they took the n	«%	mm	a v%	-Plant with them to Mexico In North
Deui* Sr. Marie & Dimes I
California, all over the western and middle western States, and from Chile it has crossed the Andes to
Will attend Courts and Business In the | the herds of Argentina.
While the Spaniards are chiefly responsible for the introduction of al- ,	^ I ¦ I
falfa into the warmer States of the clock ringe ,t8 bel1 one or more times neighboring Union, the growing of a at a 8et time every day, or the crop In Canada and the northern onljr on designated days.
States appears to have been made	. .	—
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR | possible by the Introduction of seed On# bed example spoils a good many
from Germany. Alfalfa was first scellent precepts.
Plan4, Lines, Boundaries, See,	R® environment. From Germany
•- -- — ssissïaïsrsyiy
to America, and from that 20-pound
GEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
JUNE EXAMINATIONS Report of District Schools
Aivocate, Barrister
AC
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
196 Main St. • Hull.
(Names in order of merit.) no. 10, Bristol.
Grade vii—Bernadette Gallagher, Jessie Horner, Lula Horner (aba).
Grade v—Charlotte Gallagher, Louisa Hazard, Anastatia McKee, Joseph Murphy (abs.), Sherwood Horner (abs.)
Grade iv—Edith Horner, El va Corrigan.
Grade lii, sr.—Jimmie McKTe, Clifton Corrigan, Beulah Moore.
Grade iii, jr.—Ethel Sharjie, Myrtle
PHONE BELL
•U. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER * SOLICITOR
•CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending | purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order | elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Will be In Fort Uoulongc every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday,
of this district.
Grade ii, sr.—Ida La hey, Mervin Cor rigan, Vreda Sharpe, Pearl Hazard.
( lrade ii, jr.—Gertie Horner.
Grade i, sr.—Chris ten a Iioherty.
Grade i, jr.—Willie McKee.
Senior Primer—Willie Patman, Chas. Budd, Flora Caldwell, Ethel Stanley.
Junior Primer.—Lenni* Sharpe, Clifford Sharpe, Hazel Doherty, Winn if red I )ohert>
Regular attendance for the Jewie Horner.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
191 MAIN ST., HULL
A French Alarm Clock.
Dletrloj. of Pontiac.
An electrically-operated alarm
GEORGE E. MOREMCY
year—
M. W. Rankin, Teacher.
i
When you require Printing*
call at
ALL KINDS OF
No. 3. Beimtoi
II
PUBLIC NOTICE
Grade vii.
Maud Smith.
Province of Quebec,	I 0r?jjf vi—Era Graham, ltobbie Rus-
Municipality of Shawville.	, a. Morrison.
srsararavus: ss i çfz	....
from this has sprung the Ontario	where it will lie open for in*|iec- . 1 ’	’n<* Trudeau, Men > n llen-
variegated of to-day. a variety which ; Lion and examination by parties inter-	• r*	_ .
. has given as satisfactory results In ested, and that on Monday, the sixth ! r	i —Georgena Trudeau, Maggie
Embalmer and Funeral Director 0ntar,° u °rlmm haa *,ven ,n Min" <lay of August, next, it thalfl* homolo- 1	Arnold Trudeau.
• r, » si i «• * how	,,-t durin«
' MlnM,OU'	'	'	Sec.-Trean. | Kffi Morrjw>n e|)d MerTyn Hewkf
«on were neither absent nor tardy during the school term.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
tlon of partie».
102 WiriLiNOTON St. Phone : Queen 5230.
i
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
GEORGE HYNES
i
%
Main Street,Shawville.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.

L.
PdfiDtial ittention.Openall hours
UNDERTAKING ,
¦•'•i EMBALMING: S*£““™
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Etta Coughlin, Teacher
Province ot Quebec,
liniticijttHtÿ of Clarendon.	I	No. », Clare* no*
8 ul	k	1 IvepArm* by the Valuator* according to gin*, Allen Judd.
,a5 :	% ba* N-en deposited in my Grade iv.— Gertrude Leiteh, Viola
office where It will remain open to in- Palmer, Kenneth Itelaher, Winson Hod Going to the party?H	I *I*<*»on and examination by partie* in gin*, Pearl Hodgins, Louis Judd
“No. I haven’t any lady.** tcreated, and that on Monday, the sixth Willi* Come with me. Pve got day of August, next it shall U bomol<>
«awr- -Iw&È-r ...........................................
July, 1917.
W. J. HAYES
W# sometimes think that w# bite
SHAWVILLE
DRAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s.
All calls trill receive prompt per
sonal attention
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing1.

Willi
Gilli
<»rade iii.—Clark Hodgins, Pearl Roo-
ney.
Grade ii -Edna H<<Igin*
Grade i, sr.—Marion Hodgins, Artie
Grade i, jr.—Gilmer Hodgin*, Benn
fudd.
ndrn*‘f.t
Hfllf
[n all roentries TOR S AUVI8EÏ
4th day of Judd.
Ask for our ÎNVEN-I H.which wtt! be
MARION & MARION,
W University



t/ree.
Oillis — “They're not They’re early editions. —Tit-BUa.
E. T. HODGINS,
Sec. Treasurer
Merttréâl.
C. J. Amo urn, Teacher
###PAGE###6###
There warn a sharp stiff fight, with Kelly out matched in strength by the numbers who assailed him the airplane began its short run on the ground in preparation to ascend, one of the Apaches landed a stunning blow on Kelly’s chin, and he fell unconscious into the machine's structure.
De Saint and his fair passenger started to rise from the ground. The! machine was acting queer and De Saint shouted to Pat that there was something wrong. The girl turned A in her seat, by partly unloosening the straps that bound her, and beheld a sight that unnerved her for the moment, and fully explained the cause ,	_ _	. of the trouble.
Novell :< v/ from the Motion The limp form of a man rested	, . ..
«*.	n/ r L c	one of the airplane's wings, and put food is the nutritive value of the food small extent, into the process of build-
Picture 1 lay of the oame the machine out of balance.	I itself. If food lacks the necessary ing tis8UC- They a,s0 furnish heat.
JU, *1+	I Half dazed by terror, and almost	'	Starch, by the proems of digestion, is
Naim / ) tht ( ll/zersal Film	paralyzed by the surprise of her dis-,foments that are so important, it fails | converted into a dextrine,	and	then
Affe Co	*-»»«***«*'	I covery, Pat managed to shout to De	to accomplish its mission In the body, made into a convert sugar.	This
• tiud1 been1disclosed*** °	** roU)°j We eat in order that we may work, change takes place in the intestines.
"There is a man lying senseless on That the workers may eat in an intelli-	Fats.—The source of fats is in beef,
FIFTH EPISODE—(Cont'd.) one of the wings," she screamed in Do gent manner, it is most necessary for I lard, chicken and other compounds of As Pat walked about the drawing Saint's ear.	the housewife to know the principles	an animal source, and in olives, corn,
room Kelly's admiring gaze followed “Try and haul him	in	here,' an-	Hnd laws governing digestion. For	peanut and cottonseed oil of a vege-
her every movement.	|s\vercd the aviator, recognizing the instance, while the heavy protein of table source. Vegetable oils are free
"Kelly, you’re slipping," the Sphinx Sphinx s body.	I pork is very acceptable during cold from all disease. Corn oil is superior
said to himself "You better ^okoutj But am 1>l	uddenlTswerved 1 father, it would be unwise to supply to all domestic oils, it is the by-pro-
Silsa,;	i s & hss?s i % ::::::::: :
It was some little time before Pat	w*1^ lightning speed toward the especially true of a person who heat than starches. They	are	used
came face to face with the Sphinx in	Kround. Pat closed her exes, in re-	wor^g out 0f doors doing heavy man-, also for building tissue. ^	A	large
the Crosby drawing room	I K'°w« a er^h of breaS ual labor.	amount of fat must be used during
the beautiful Patricia	a sudden stop, caught safely in the cidedly different from the diet of a evaporates more quickly in the cold,
"You are even more lovely than you toL of H giunt *Tee.\	person whose work exposes him to the	or, in other words, the cold oxidizes
seemed to be when looking down upon ‘hen another frightful	and more	^pen, much ill-health and disease will	this body fuel.
me as I lingered near the jaws of tvm.> v. 11 v nn^ .U,,x. ! 'V,-il !	disappear. In order to secure good	Mineral Salts.—The source of inor-
i	ture with leaping tongues of fire. food are:	Proteins, carbohydrates,1 are calcium, iron, chlorine, phos-
ever be grateful to you, Miss Pat,"	(To be continued.)	fats, mineral salts and water.	phorus, magnesium, sodium, sulphur
the Sphinx responded; and then to ^nM1, ‘u“7;npJrr«1D Proteins are contained in meat,milk, and potassium Salts are used to rechange the subject he continued:	rORMfcK HU me- Ur I tie v AAK. cheesq, butter, eggs, fish, grains, and gulate the body; they are also needed
"Rather surprised to see me here.	----- legumes. Proteins contain hydro- for the formation of bone and teeth
Miss Pat ?" he said inquiringly.	Sumptuous Palace* Situated in the ^ carbon, nitrogen, sulphur and structure and appear in tissue build
"Not in the least the beautiful girl	"Village of the Czar."	sometimes phosphorus
guard the jewels, and I wonder if you est railroad in the Russian Empire,” Carbohydrate* are found in starches tor in the blood st eam. I is t -can prevent them being stolen. She gayg ft bulletin of the National Geo- aml sugars, green vegetables, grains sent in large amount in all body fluids, kept her gaze fixed upon the Sphinx. *	Soci.-tv "The line which and fruits. They are composed of It carries nourishment to the blood
aS"MiV Paï" 'he hfina!lySU8arid with connecta the capital city with the Mrbon. hydrogen and oxygen. Carbo-1and regulates the bodily process of great 'deliberation, • Til prevent the -Village of the Tsar- (which is the hydrates are used to'supply energy or elim.nation»^^^^^^^^
Apaches from getting the jewels if I meaning of the hyphenated name) am compelled to expose their leader was constructed in 1838. It runs and arrest every guest in attendance hei <
&ÎG
The Riirleu Pertectlen Fence
:ri„, sr&
Buaæstsâ
Just as
SK
» - • ’
Ü2rîr
'vA/ rwrlwe Une »l y»ur l.oel deaUre Agent# win 1*1 la efN towMnrv .
THE BANWELL.HOXIE WWE FENCE COMPANY. LM.^ Winnipeg. Manitoba Hamilton. Ontario
PlJDDIl
\
earner
MASK
1

i I kj


COlfRSB IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
BANG GO SAXPENCÉI
11 perl of our Servlet lo worry for you, to ISS>K.. why should you worry about the hlsh eott of
living Interfering with your mnnusnvmemllon
tiraœ Guvcxrd
Lcsmoii 1. Why We Nvetf Food.
The fundamental principle of all I power to do work. They enter, to a
buying facilltlee combined with Increased patronage Is enabling us to give the high cost of living g black eye, and with our assistance you can get more for your sixpence than you can elsewhere
That la why you should spend your vacation in Toronto, Canada, or send your wife and kiddies, they will be %ery much at home at the Walker House, the Houae of Plenty, as the management give special attention to lad lee and children traveling unescorted.
a a Tie
Our excellent
i
*
PKAtONA
AMERICAN PLAN
EUROPEAN PLAN IF DESIRED
The Walker House	Toronto, Canada
In composition fata contain

SHOE POLISHES

A "2 in 1 Shoe Polish" is made for every use. For Black Short,
end "2 in 1 Black Combination** (poste and **2 in 1 White Coke*
'2 in 1 Black" (paste) liquid); for White Sh I. H **2 in 1 White Liquid'* (liquid); for Tan Shoes, "2 in 1 and " 2 in 1 Tan Combination" (paste and liquid).
(cake) and
Tan" (paste)
oeg,
Their chief, ing
Black—White—Tan
10c
10c
F. F. DALLEY CO. OF CANADA LTD., -
Hamilton, Can.
QUICK-HANDY-LASTING
a FT	â	e
A Lost Trade Secret
It has frequently happened that valuable trade secrets have been lost beyond recovery. For instance, the best watch oil, it appears, cannot be obtained to-day, because the secret process of mixing it perished with the inventor. It is said that the last quart of this famous fluid was sold for $200, and that was thirty-five years ago. Since then every effort
mother died of a painful illness during the bombardment of Poperinghe. Nestor was the youngest of six children.
Where their father was nobody knew — at the front perhaps, or himself lying dead in a long trench filled by other brave soldiers who had fallen in defence of liberty or a prisoner perhaps of Germany.
Fatherless, motherless, with la tie to wear and nothing to eat. the children were obliged to beg in the streets or to been made to analyze the pro-starve; anti they came near starving duct in an attempt to reproduce the as it was. But a good angel dropped oil, but without success down out of the skies one day, an who M*de it and who alone knew angel in the shape of a member of the it* composition died, and, it further Franco-Amorican Committee for Chil- appears, not even his name or the dren of the Frontier, and before his place of his burial is known. He babv mind could reason it out little never revealed to anyone t the details Nestor found himself on the way to of his process, and it was not until Paris with fifty other child refugees after his death that the real value of from the north.	the oil was appreciated.
One hour for green peas and lima
Cooking Green Vegetables
beans.
Forty minutes for asparagus. Thirty-five minutes for corn cut
through level country dotted with
...	...	fertile fields and rich pasture land.
“How dramatic that would be, said “Tsarskoye-Selo has taken more
SSESSSH Z uass	z j "% t	- -, —	»...,
Pat," the Sphinx remarked, as he turn- Finnish	village when Peter the Great	combined with the mineral salts con- “V*1 .ot *	,	. w „
HUM&
ders.	The response	quickly assured	centh century). The edifice	was com- e>	y	tuce or cabbage. Put an asbestos mat
pleted	just a year before Peter’s Thoroughly cleanse the	vegetables,	under the saucepan and cook.
The	Crosby guests	were assenmbl-	(Jeath	but jt was greatly	beautified	rinsinK	them in plenty	of	clear, cool	Remember that using large amounts
liable In th” center	of The drawing	by his	daughter, Elizabeth	Petrovna,	^r.	Now place them	in	a casserole	of water lessens the nutritive value of
rol when Pa ,rn frZihewT between 1747 and I .	discover and bake ,n the oven:	these vegetables.
dow
table there was an ominous crash, of a bursting bomb, as it fell in the grounds near the mansion.
Women screamed with terror, and the male guests rushed out upon the lawn, with excited shouts that an air raid upon Paris was in progress. The guests surged in and out of doors, rushing from one room to the other while Pat waited patiently behind the window portieres for her chance to
The use of salt, bicarbonate of soda, vinegar or lemon juice while cooking
The man
her
Then, before long, he was taken to the Jonchere sanitarium, for, owing to lack of proper food, he was too weak p , . ,
liiBBlFWi pppp
ssjns ,	- “• h îSkSUKAïb-
chamber are panelled with amber; a RESCUING LITTLE ONES	FROM	1 weeW or tw0 0f their life in the village	j It must not be supposed that	the	and case and hurried out.	"Come
third apartment is decorated with	W AR’S TERRORS.	of Oulins they were quiet and sad, but	committee made no provision for	the	back and shut the screen-door, Ralph,
silver, another has wonderful tables	*	nature mercifully has endowed child- future. Those in charge of the re- called his mother. Later, when he
and chandeliers which glow with the	-- hood with recuperative powers of vast fugee children understand that almost j came in looking very sober, she in-.
soft light of lapis-lazuli, and there is #	„ . #. f .. Q|	. . .	extent and within two months all of	of them will have to earn their	qui red sociably, “Well how	did you
a ballroom which glitters with gold Most	1 athet,c of "ar Sti'nc* Are	the refugees showed marked improve-	living. and a hard living at that,	as	find your patient, Ralph?	"Dead,"
and mirrors. The agate room of the Those of Counties# Homeless and ment. Then they began, one after an- soon as the war is over. France and f he replied, and then added pointedly, palace wa, the bedchamber of the	rhJMr „	other, to organize games and sports; Belg.um particularly will be hard put,‘‘died while I came back to shut the
great Catherine.	1 ,rentlMS 1 l,,ldr,n-	| an American friend who visited them, to it to provide for ordinary affairs. , door."
"With all these sumptuous apart- From the frontiers of . Belgium, gave toys, and now the children are on Therefore older children of sufficient
ments at his disposal, Nicholas II., France and Alsace since the beginning the road to health, if not to happiness, health and strength are taught the
rudiménts of trades easily learned and
requiring little outlay of money for
materials. At the colony of Oulins
basket weaving is a favorite occupa-
Valuoble Time.
father is a doctor, and
"Some of the most magnificent royal apartments in Europe are to be found in the Old Palace, notably the bedroom of Marie Alexandrovna, consort of Alexander II., with its opalescent glass walls, its columns of purple glass and its mother-of-pearl inlaid floor. The walls of another
As she started toward the
SMALL VICTIMS OF GREAT CONFLICT
act
The jewels had ii* 1 >¦•>«' » brought
into the drawing room to be admired by the guests when the crashing of the bomb turned the scene into bedlam and everyone began to rush aimlessly about. Even Kelly, usually cool and uncxcitable, was thrown off his guard. He rushed out of doors with the other men and gazed wonderingly upward.
Far above them an airplane circled over head, the whirr of its engine being plainly heard.
The time Kelly had consumed upon the lawn was enough for Pat to accomplish, by quick action, what the Sphinx had been hired to prevent. She fled from her cover behind the portieres. ran to the punch bowl table at a moment deserted and there, where she had but to reach out her hand and take them, gleamed the Crosby gems in plain tiew.
UlOStmCNDS
so recently deposed, seldom occupied Gf the
any of them, but preferred to live in	0f children of all	ages	have	been res-	0ne of the noblest countenances
a modest building no larger than the	cued from scenes	of carnage,	destruc-	among aq tbe rescued waifs is that of
lillSIiWpS
istic bridges, charming arbors and de ther or mother or both were killed, civilians in the field were injured and ,ng Uufh.^ an<l thftnk" to w,8e "]an' lightful swan ponds are to l>e found	often before the	very	eyes	of their	ljule Georges's right leg was so badly	ag*ment	c0™mlttfe	is	hu'ld,ng
on all sides, with here and there an	little ones.	shattered that it had to be amputated.	Per™anent,y for the	l,ttle	live* thrown
artificial ruin which captivates the Horror piled on horror greeted the That was eight months ago and the 1,1 thelr care*
Pat snatched the jewels from the eye and (luicken8 the imagination.	childish eyes; agonized cries pierced	| WOUnd has not yet healed. Neverthe-
gone to another room, when the men and here some of the foremost Rus-	„f ,moke overwhelmed them No won-	cheerful, and he seldom complains ex-	i	.	.	.	e	*	Bi	*	BB|#S”?|)
returned from watching the airplane, sian literary geniuses, including the	der they were terror stricken, no	ceptjng when the pain of the wound	,	.*	.	[or	:	*r j"*
Kelly ran straight to the table—and great Pushkin, were educated	wonder they suffered from shattered	becomes more than he can bear.	fere	h“ thBt ehlny' olly look	which is
tume, disappear through the low er*I barracks Slid hospitals, and eight	and roofs to keep off the storms. On
French window.	churches.”	every hand death, shattered bodies of
thousands upon thousands
Some Pathetic Cases
war

M Ilf ON . C a.N>f a
with
luneral b«M£u opiionaL
*3
the drawing room was
S.ck
Authorized to ebtain members end cKartar ledges is every Freviece In Canada.

HAMILTON . ONTARIO

Pat had gone into an adjoining room and hurriedly divested herself of the evening gown she had put on over her Apache costume. Watching her opportunity, she slipped through the window and was fleeing toward her automobile when Kelly bounded from the Crosby mansion in hot pursuit.
Straight to the airplane hangar Pst «ni driven by her faithful chauffeur.
A* close behind as he could speed his machine came Kelly eager chase.
j-xœ»: % Y 3
hangar and was met by De saint, “but ?OT what great pens haie written, ' children I am too closely pursued to get away	great men done,
myself. So you’ll have to take me For learning’s lamp, and priceless you in the	a
safe place—then I can make my way
^--H
those they loved, on whom they de________ _____________________________pended; on every hand ruined homes,
----	| churches, schools; where once the lit-
For all the golden glory of the noon, tie ones tended flowers in garden For buds and blossoms and full- plots shells had tom up the earth into
For quiet landscape» dreaming 'neath
For peace and laughter and domes- willing to help them. During the aery
first month of war. in August, SSI4, two colonies were established in France for the care of these desplate
4
z
MIDSUMMER THANKS

cavernous, yawning gaps.
But strong hands and stout hearts of unknown friends were ready and
oeey
D
A
Gathering Up the Loet Ones.
Since then a stream of the war's lit-For life renewed each morning with tie sufferer# has been pouring v from
the shifting fighting fronts beet to-
hsnrer'*end »*« hurryfnZt'u. th! I For fri.nd.hlp linking mind with	wWnkThav# bwn estebliehed.
J DeSelnt eignaled to the Aperhw I	kindred mind,	| Into them have been gathered up ta
who were there to protect their lead | For hope and courage meted forth# the preset approximately 1,200 ehil-
the opposition that confronted and
started to overpower toward Pat and prepartag ta
liberty,
the sun;

“Redpath" stands for sugar auality that is the result of modem equipment and methods, backed by 60 ye*rs experience and a determination to produce nothing unworthy of the name “REDPATH”.
yy

f u
strife,
For toil and sorrow, tutors grim but
thanks, 0 Lord
In the colony si Oulins, France, are e fifty children from bombarded village# of southern R» % m Many of
at heme j
“Let Red path Sweeten it99

l
him
STL
Made in one grade only—the highest 1
Saint as they

of life I

###PAGE###7###
/
I
The Real "
Bread ” mtist contain the entire wheat grain—not the white flour center every particle of gluten and mineral salts—also the outer bran coat that is so useful in keeping the bowels healthy and active. Shredded Wheat Biscuit is the real “war bread” because it is 100 per cent, whole wheat prepared in a digestible form. Contains no yeast, baking powder, seasoning, or chemicals of any kind. Food conservation begins with Shredded Wheat Biscuit for breakfast and ends with Shredded Wheat Biscuit for supper. Delicious with sliced bananas, berries, or other fruits.
Made in Canada.
War
ÏSTRENUOUS WORK
empty hive on the old stand, the queen having been picked off the
SHOW TFI I S OM YOU *round and placed in the empty hive. Canada is calling “Give us Men!” I I Jl/Ull 1 LLL J Vil I VfU	|Xhe	swarm will return to	the	new	Men to stand guard at the Gate—	I
----	hive	at the old stand. The	field	bees	Men to keep the nation great—	I
Business Men and Breadwinners	win no" i°in th«	«"<>	the	Men who trifle not with Fate—
super should be transferred from the	Loyal Men!	I
parent hive to the swarm which will	|
produce the crop of honey. The col-| We've a heritage to hold, O my men! I _
ony, now depleted of bees but rich in Bought by sires in days of yore,	' “
brood, is divided a week latgr into Who, when danger touched our shore,
three to six nuclei, each nucleus con- Made the answering cannons roar—
“We are men!"
CANADA IS CALLING
Combining Two Materials
Â
I
but
MAKES PERFECT BREAD
the Victims of Nervous
Exhaustion.
Some Peculiar Wills
When worry is added to overwork men aoon become the victims of nervous exhaustion—neurasthenia—the doctor calls it. Some have no reserve strength in their systems to bear the strain; others overtax what strength they have. If you And that you are ^ nervous and not sure of yourself, that ¦ you sleep badly, and wake up tired and !
Among many curious wills may be reckoned that of the great Shakespeare, who bequeathed to his wife his second-best bed with the furniture, and that alone; whilst an old Provost of Eton left a sum of money sufficient to give every boy at Eton a halfsheep on February 27th of every Nowadays, however, the
slating of two or three frames containing brood and honey carrying two
or three queen-cells containing queens ] We'll be loyal to that trust now, as soon emerge	the adhering||*^HHH|lj*jB**EHHH
then;
Fling the old flag to the breeze— Our* the freedom of the sea Humbly asking, on our knees,
“God make us men!”
—Kate Simpson-Hayes
This method has the great advant-
.,	_	.	that it not only controls and‘sat-
aching, your nerves are out of order. igfleg the trouble„ome ,warmi„g in.
Other signs are inability to take prop- ,tinct but jt heIpg to gecure the de_ ei interest in your work; your appe- gired endg by natural means. The
A^%n%:"rth7crJ% babys own tablets
that you should take prompt* steps to , theses'desert nSer^lt nor	OF GREAT VALUE
stop mischief by nourishing the nerves the queen-cells readily and all	___ 0nc Ind,an Kajah s subjects num-
During the years 1912-1916 indu-	/TO	Williams I ink I ills. I be rectified in the autumn by uniting, tion and indigestion; breaking up colds Five dollars costs three cents.
sive, no less than 6,200 barns were de-	A U	ïT	T ^	The, ,.deal conditi«n8 for building up and simple fevers; expelling worms	-
stroyed in Canada, with an aggregate	N)	naM littu îîtlnH nT	i a , .S 11?* * u T. 8 *loW honeyflow and curing colic. The Tablets are sold Don’t let your dog be tortured by
loss of over $7,860,000. These, like	W	Fa,,i ,ttlc attention to it as I thought throughout August and early Septem- by medicine dealers or by mail at 26 fleas in summer.
importance to the farmer that every £".tter" 1	3, *,2es* 16	‘	20 y |fr'end8 were all greatly alarmed for
Sn'ltLY	Ü b.	from | % ^ XXt'X
S&irst=FF™ "--"
caused by spontaneous combustion, it 1 ep '	* _.___________ f decided to do so. By the time I
is generally held that such fires are,	"	h,ad used th[e® boxes I could tell that
of frequent occurrence. Owing to the	WAR’S LESSONS.	^ey werc b^ 1 pirig: me. When I had
excessive number of barns burned in	--- taken eight boxes of the pills I felt
Ontario during the summer of 1916,	This Time of Stress	and	Strain	is	able to attend to my business again,
an investigation was undertaken by	Teaching Us Many Things.	and	op I e were surprised to see me
5a xt&S,Hs	-r*2 :	: s, ‘«SHxHx,», ^.. ^ .* ***,
ris iJsrz L»ïHs EjXMXxx
pcrfectly^*ured*hayUaweree frequently Firat \ *“ "e "" ‘m* rl^ww " *	Dr WilliamT’’Pink Pill! What ^"ugh a rude crow mark their
mrut!\mir7haTÎhel,h!gh0rtemperâi has forgotten	his own	petty ills and	'LÛTmücT mLly“Ipent‘i^Ltor^	got a tablet in a cloistered nave,
tures reached during fermentation re- grievances in	the sight of so much	bills, but would have had renewed	If for their land their all	they gave,
suited in a number of fires. Farmers	greater suffering.	health	sooner. I cannot speak too By Vimy Ridge,
are not generally aware that the cells	Men and women	are	sacrificing	highly	of this medicine, and would __
in hay continue their existence for Pleasures and	luxuries	as they have	commend it to every man who feels	Canadian people, do not	weep, these
some time after it is cut and, when the Reldom do*e	before.	Mere sacrifice	weak, nervous or run down.”	are not dead
moist compressed mass is housed in of these things is nothing meritorious You can get these pills through any
close barns, a temperature of 132 deg. in itself, but when it is done for a medicine dealer, or by mail at 50 cents | Though foreign clay their bones may salad F. is quickly reached. Added to this, worthy purpose it makes for charac- a box, or six boxes for $2.60 from The the heat from microscopic spores, ger- ter. It is remarkable how easy and Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brockville, minating seeds and the heat of the simpl® we find it to do without many * Ont. sun upon the roof may raise the tern- things now that we have undertaken |
perature of the mow to 212 deg. F., when charring commences. The car-1
bon thus formed absorbs oxygen and because of the war H the mass grows hotter, until, at 266 merge in the one purpose to do one’s deg. F., visible combustion takes level best for the country and for hu- j
place. Bran, grain and silage may j manity. Little shams and purpose- While a maximum production of also ignite spontaneously under gfml- less poses are shamed into disappear- honey is of pressing importance lar conditions. The remedy for spon- ing.	this wsr-food year, yet increasing the
taneous combustion is simple and eas- j We are becoming more frugal, more hees for next season must not be neg-ily applied. All hay should be per- appreciative of real values, more lected
fectly dry before storage. In mixed deeply conscious of the vulgarity and Roughly speaking, bees that are in grasses, special care should be given sinfulness of waste.	the hives at the commencement of the
to the clover. Timothy may appear We are growing more efficient. We honey-flow gather the crop, while the perfectly dry while the heavy stalks of	make many mistakes by the way, but	brood builds up the colony for next
clover may retain • large percentage	we profit by them and are learning	year, unless there is to be another im-
of moisture. All barns should be pro-	that if the world is to be saved it	portant honey-flow. This brood is
vided with ample top ventilation. If	must be through useful, effective	very valuable for forming nuclei, be-
these simple matters are given the at-	work. Even the children are assum-	cause these, started early with a lay-	Mother	to	small	son:	“Bobby,	dear,
tention they deserve, spontaneous com-	jng their share of responsibility.	ing queen, or ripe queen-cell, will	I hoped	you would	be	unselfish	enough
bustion will cease to figure as a cause	---+— ----- build up into strong colonies before to give little sister the largest piece
of bam fires In Canada.	ASIA MINOR.	winter. Increasing in this way with : of candy. Why, see, even old Biddy
brood from strong colonies during J!he gives all the nice big dainties to the j At the end of a war which cost
honey	flow is the basic principle dpon	little chicks, and	only keep*	an	occa- Germany	only half a billion dollars,	I	rmm	|	K CUT GLOVER CO	Inc
which	an apiary can be quickly built	sional	tiny one for herself.”	Bismarck	extracted just double	that	I Deg	Riatdfc 1118 W«t 31st Street, New York
„ u e f*onoT!*nhJrfll1 Up at the same time an almost Bobby thoughtfully watched the hen amount from France in an indemnity	1- -------
Asia Minor is a geographical, fulj honey-crop is secured.	and chickens for a time, and then Germany kept an army in France un-
term of vague extension. It pusales, jn newly-formed nuclei containing said: “Well, mamma, I would too, if til the last dollar was paid. Guess any one	to	say	exactly^rhere	it	leaves	brood	in all stages there is always	it was	worms.”	how big an indemnity the Kaiser	will
The name	dates	only	from	Vke fifth {	consequent death of the young brood	Hinard s Liniment	Cores Distemper.	France, if	he wins this war? It	has
century, A.D., when Orosius used it j and sometimes chilling and death of	- already cost him more than twenty
evidently as ai noxelty. The Roman the older brood even when the nuclei Dry fruits and sweet com and other times what his grandfather paid out
are lkiyully T by sn «xpeienced vegetables that may be preserved An in the Franco-Prussian war. On that
sE£E*£5!5BSSFar-= EBHxEHE «---usa - "—
of the sunrise or east) which has the newly-formed nuclei has also to be ¦ found favor with the Turks, is equally guarded against, but during the indeterminate.	height of the honey-flow only care-
“The Levant,” which means the lessness will cause this; towards its same thing k Anatolia-(region of the end, however, the danger of robbing rising sun), is even vaguer in its geo- grows so great that it is difficult to graphical scope. It includes Constan- maintain newly-formed nuclei tinopie and everything anywhere near when strong. Desertion may be . the eastern Mediterranean.
Few geographical names have In- grass; the bees will make their way cur red more unfavorable association, out when the grass dries and shrinks I “Levantine” morals, particularly in, in about two days, but care must be the matter of honesty, are a byword, taken to avoid overcrowding the conas might be expected from such a fined bees, which would lead to stif-jumble of people. Our words “levan- ling, especially in er” and “to levant,” on the other good way to overcome the loss of hand, testify to the fact that dishon- young brood is to place the brood esty is not unknown even in the west, over a queen excluder a week before They originate from the disappear- its removal from the parent hive, a nee of men who could not pay their This may be done in the ordinary gambling or other debts and were re- ! course of relieving congestion In the ported to have gone to the east. | brood chamber as a means to discourage swarming, a frame or two of empty comb or of foundation being placed In the brood chamber when the brood la raised.
All of these risks may be greatly minimised as follows; Have all the queens’ wings clipped (this is not
year
threepenny-hit takes the place of the half-sheep.
?
Mlnard’e Liniment Cures Oar tret In Cows
ILÜI I
ËÜ £9
HEAVY LOSS FROM BARN FIRES.
MONEY ORDERS
cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Little Irene marched into the room breathless. “0 mother, don’t scold me for being late for supper because I’ve had such a disappointment,” she said. "A horse fell down and they said they were going to send for a horse doctor, so I waited and waited, It is not at all surprising to those an(l what do you think? It wasn’t a who know Russia that one of the first horse doctor at all. It was only a acts of the new Government was the man.” abolition of the death penalty. Capital punishment is indeed as much against the national sentiment as against ¥>ko£it-makino news and job
tradition in Russia, and as long ago as town» The moa/ueefu™ and^teresUng 1888 the late W. T. Stead declared, of all businesses Full information on
that it wa, never inflicted without | producing a feeling of shame among educated Russians.
The death penalty was abolished by i^ANCER. TUMORS, LUMPS, etc.,
the Empress Elizabeth in 17o0, and out pain by our home treatment Write though it was later revived, it was u* before too late Dr. Bellman Medical only in recent years, and especially Co" f ! '	lllngwood ont.
after the rising of 1905, that it was carried out in other than exceptional circumstances. The number of executions then, however, quickly multiplied, and early in 1909 twenty-seven took place in one day.
?
DEATH PENALTY IN RUSSIA
National Sentiment is Opposed to Capital Punishment.
*
ON V1MY RIDGE.
my
Dedicated to the Canadians who died at “Vimy Ridge,” April 8, 1917. O'er prairie homestead, by mountain peak,
Wherever men Honor and Glory seek, With awe and reverence they will speak
Of Vimy Ridge.
me
VIICXLLAVXOVI
Sons of the Maple Leaf, there side by side.
Met thrust with thrust their Nation’s Pride,
ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN’T HURT A BIT!
died
At Vimy Ridge
No foolishness! Lift your corns and calluses off with fingers —It’s like magic!

Minard’e Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or any kind of a com, can harmlessly be Not every green thing good to eat lifted right out with the fingers if you grows in a market-garden. To the apply upon the corn a few drops of initiated the field and roadside are freezone, says a Cincinnati authority, always sufficient for a delightful L The most wholesome and deliciously flavored of these wild salad ingredients is the dandelion, that despised “weed" which we grub out of
Think that Mortal Flesh and Blood, our lawns with such savage delight. This simple drug dries the moment Could bind such Souls to earth for A dandelion diet would be a little *s aPP^ie(l and does not even irri-good.	monotonous, but the young and ten-	surrounding skin while ap-
They fly to Heaven as Heroes should der shoots, either boiled as greens, or P^"* ** or afterwards.
This announcement many of our readers, gist hasn’t any freezone tell him to surely get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house.
Wayside Food
re-
But merely sleep;
For little cost one can get a small bottle of freezone at any drug store, which will positively rid one’s feet of every corn or callus without pain.
keep On Vimy Ridge
*
BEE-KEEPING IN 1918
We are getting more democratic
Social lines1
How to Prepare for a Maximum Honey ,	Crop Next Year.
used with other things as a salad, are tip-top stuff.
From Vimy Ridge
will interest If your drug.
Throughout Canada their names will
in	ro11’
^ Will stir to the depth the Empire’s
Soul,
While Bells in Heaven, their requiem toll
O’er Vimy Ridge.
No. 226264 Jack Butler,
“D” Squadron, C.L.H.,
London, England
»
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
Gents,—I cured a valuable hunting dog of mange with MINARD’S LINIMENT after several veterinar-ies had treated him without doing him any permanent good.
Yours, Ac.,
WILFRID GAGNE.
Prop, of Grand Central Hotel, Drummondville, Aug. 3, ’04.
The Soul of a Piano to the Action. Insist on the
“OTTO HIGEL!' PIANO ACTION
Easy For The Hen
book OJf
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
If We Lose

Killed free to eny sdd the Author
by
Aeirka’s
Where Its Borders Lie is a Sort of Geographical Puzzle.
The Danger Zone for Many Is Tea and Coffee Drinking
Some people find it wise to quit tea and coffee when their nerves begin to “act
WOMAN SICK
TWO YEARS
Could Do No Work. Now Strong Man.
fine for catsup and other liquid products.
g» ^	_ Granulated Eyelids,
g#? Eye# inflamed by expo-
V sure to See. Deal and Vlad
EvessiwSiSS
4r	just Eye Comfort, i At
Your Druggist's $0c per Bottle. MirfseEye Salts tnTube«2Sc. ForltA el the f y ef retask Druggists or Merisel)e
up."
! Boring holes into the stumps of hard wood trees and filling these holes > with equal parts of nitric and sulphuric acid will so soften the wood that it can be removed by ordinary
i in Germany, end is the common treat ment there of hard wood stum page.
The easy way nowadays is to switch to
Chicago, HI.—"For about two years I suffered from a female trouble so I
was unable to walk or do an ¦¦¦ work.
Lydia E. Pink ham’s Vegetable Compound in the newspapers and determined to try it It
brought almost immediate relief. My
even
iv of my own I read about
checked by stopping the entrance with
Thin has been demonstrated
Instant
Not an Acorn.
When James A. Garfield was president of Hiram College, a man brought up his son to be entered as a student.
He wanted the boy to take a course shorter than the regular one. ‘ I “My son can never take mil those
“He wants .
Cant II
Postum
hot
Hier. A
- DODDS
KIDNEY
f
hr disappeared i never had bet-health. I weigh 165 |tounds and am as strong I think money is well spent which pur-can take a short course; it all de- chases Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable pends on what you went to make of Compound ’-Mrs. Jos. OB* Y AN, 1754 When God want, to moke an Newport A va, Chicago. I1L „»k He take, a hundred year., but He	.gff»* * U*» * «"kham-.
take, onl, two month, to make . | ZnTh%. Z ^%%lleled. It ma, bo squash	I used with perfect confidence by women
who suffer from displacement*, mflam-Make sure that your horse has every ! mation: deeration, irregularities, |*»i4-day pure, fresh water, such as you would be willing to drink yourself.

studies,” said the father to get through more quickly, you arrange it for him?”
“Oh, yes,” said Mr. Garfield
Z
and
/
Nothing in pleasure ifl missed by the change, and greater comfort follows as the nerves rebuild.
Post urn to economical to both health and purse.
“There’s a Reason”
ter
/
as a man.

He
r,s
t
Hardships of Alpial.
The Italian arpiy maintained its ¦:!i ? ired outposts during winter of 1916, often at elevations of from 7,000 to 12,000 feet, only by building hut# for its men and sending them hot food in thirty-gallon thermos bottles * hauled up by steal

c'
r -


the
igÉÉ
'
¥
sential), and when a colony of a
leg; flatulency, indigestion, dizziness, and nervous prostration. Lydia F. Pink -
pound is the f* male ilia.
strain that It Is desired to propagate
ham's Vegetable dard remedy for f
ISSUE 27—*17.
ED. 7.











###PAGE###8###
T

Brides will like Our Jewelery.
NOTICE OF CATTLE IMPOUNDED.
INSURANCE
The Simile Boil a» Shu Sion
1 hereby give notice that there were placed in my cutaxly on the 8th of July instant, the following yearling cattle, namely 1 roan steer, 2 ml steers ami 3 heifers mostly red. The owners are requested to call and remove the animals at once, first paying poundage fees,
cost «-I advertising an »tber expenses |NO charge© for Policy Foe.
AT THE LOWEST HATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
Jewelery is the thing to give for a Wedding Present because it expresses the sentiment of the giver.
Economy in Shoe Purchasing.
COMPANIES.

Call or write for Hate* and Particulars
STEW A HT FVLFOKI),
PoundkeejxT
E. FAR IS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Who does not treasure a King, a Pm, a Brooch, a Necklace, a Watch or Silverware, which was received as a gift at a certain time, especially if it be Wedding Time ?
Therefore the Jewelery you give the bride or to a friend The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries. | should have the “ quality there.” We sell Quality Jewelery,
modern in style, reasonable in price.
Starks Corners, July V, 1917
BR ECK EN RI DOE
Trespass Notice,
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Many people purchase low priced Shoes under the impression that it is Economy to do so ; but it is not Economy, because low priced shoes Must necessarily be made from low Priced materials—give half the wear And cost more in the end than high Grade shoes.
We handle the best makes at price very little higher than the ordinary low grade shoes.
Buy your Footwear from us and be Convinced of its superior quality.
Any person or pernon* found trespass Ing in any manner whatsoever on Lot S. W . i of l2 on the 7t It Range of Clarendon, after this notice will l»e prosecuted as the law directs,
July mb' 1017
FOR—
Shawville and District
TO 8KLL FOR
M!ts. R. B. ARMSTRONG
—o—o—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Hauling, 11M7, and Spring riant-ing, 1W8. including many new ties which we
Applii liions for the position of care	_0_0-o—
akei for Shawv iHe Academy w'lll be re Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also
.fixed up to Monday next—July 16. In- agent's proposition. Handsome free out-
formation as to the duties etc., may he fit. Exclusive territory. Liberal com fiail from the undersigned.	1
K. T. HOI Hi INS,
Sec.-Trees
Caretaker Wanted
i
HANS SHADEL
*
Pontiac’s Only Jewelery Store,
missions
STONE and WELLINGTON {Established 18ti7>
Toronto
Ontario
MARKET FOR
THEY CANNOT CANNY ON THE WAN
WITHOUT AMMUNITION
TO LET
PULPWOOD
' Best Farmers’ Hotel
in Pontiac
How will your wife and little ones face the battles of life when you are not there to supply what is necessary f
The best possible answer is :
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
Dining Room ami 21 Bed Booms furnished Va id. Sheds and Stab,’es
Vpply at once
A CONFEDERATION LIFE-POLICY.
La rge
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
Delays are dangerous, purchase your Policy Contract today.
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
P. E. SMILEY.
G. \V. DALE,
\V\ A. HUDGINS
To be delivered at sidings along the O. P. R. and 0. N. R Railways.
FARM FOR SALE
Mail Contract
U<xxl dairy farm, part of Lots 4 ami 5, lir*t Concession of Bristol, containing .'Hn » acres —100 valuable bush. For par-tienlars apply to owner,
to
I SKALEI) TENDERS, addressed to the 1^' 1 1>RVMM()ND, Bristol,*(^ue.
Host in ixtei < -< net il, \\ ill be i <	\ < ,1 ,•
.	Ottawa until noon, on Friday, the 10th
Knight, ami August, 1017, for the conveyance of His family wish to convey their thanks to Majesty** Mails, on a proposed Contract tlir pe..|.W <>l Shaw ville an, I VamvU-lls for >ertrs- *•*	0,1 *»•© route
Bay ap]M»intments for the kindness and [ Shawville R. R. No. 1 sincere sympathy toward the family ol from the 1st October next, their Moved son and brother during , Brinied notices containing further in-
Ix-rv,.an,I
lender may l»e obtained at the I*ost Office of Shawville, and at the office of the Post Office Inspector. Ottawa.
Post Office Inspector's Office.
Ottawa, .Tune 25. 1017.
Y «xi undoubtedly luve a few new pictures von would like framed 1 and see samples. Picture framing a ! specialty. H. Imisox.
Local and District.
Call
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
Mr. Hubert Tracy, retiring Commissioner, was re-elected to the School Hon til of (h% tendon, without opposition, at the meeting held for that purpose on Monday.
The hay crop, especially clover, will be abundant in this district from the present outlook. Some farmers began cutting this week, but the majority will not commence till next.
Card of Thanks
W. <
TAILORING

HAY ON SHARES
Mr
md Mi
The undersigned offers a quantity of good quality hay on shares to anyone disposed to andertoke the work of reaping and saving same. Apply at once.
DUNCAN CAMPBELL,
Maryland.
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
GRAY, BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
their r
The potato crop has a fine ap- sen pea ranee just now, and a large hex acreage has been planted. The with tl price of this vegetable, which has soared beyond all reason this year, stands to drop very materially when the next harvest comes in.
ling Mr (Jerald Hodgins
: the resjionsibility of tray elling
i r
THE MARKETS
remain*.
Cardinal, July 5th, 1917
P. P. COOLICAN.
Post Office Inspector
SHAWVIILE
July Rod and Gun
Flour per barrel £ 14.(0 Wheat, pei bushel, $8.(0 to 2.25 Oats,per bushel, 65c.
Beans per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs, print-sand rolls 25c Potatoes per bag. L0 0.
Eggs per dozen 25c.
Wool, washed. 05c.; unwashed, 82c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hide*each 6.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
iSSEI SSiSlss^*
W.W. .......... SSH*— «...y Acknowledged
#	Stnry Kt	A. c .„Ær"-Jul>
V eterinary Officers here on Mon- tliei 11 wniririu yy \t '> .1 The Equity, Shawville, P. Q., day last. These horse* are for the } oxi}lF »	, (Ie R/dovrd	,m • Ijear Sir,—In behalf of the Canadian
British remount service. Other- ^vi, a !V‘.**v ’ \Vi i?amS* wUEm* 1 desire to thank you most sin-
ii>-*haoting! llinue we€k by week a# long as the war *lth »* photograjih. A family group is I . Jj _ |H | Woodstock, I »"d unfortunately the |»resent sup- the most appropriate.
Out. are the publisher* of this re- ply i* totally inadequate. The number I	II. Immon, Photo Artis
presentativeCanadian sportsman s of men at the front is increasing all the magazine.	| time, ami very much larger supplies than
Wt are able to tend are necessary for the comfort of the trooi s,
I hope yott will see yoivr way to make further efforts in behalf of the Fund and thank you in anticipation of your
help
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Rain Coats,
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
ling;
HBalwnrtl M
Trip Ashore ’by K. V. William- ; etc. etc. and in addition well maintained departments devoted to thins and Ammunition, Fishing Notes, Kennel and Tm W. J. Taylor, Ltd..
Come in and see the
HOBBERLIN
Monday's long list of Canadian casualties included the following Portage chi Fort boys, listed as xv oil tided : -
No. 788515 Pte. T. D. Fournier— (wounded). Next of kin Mrs. M. Fournie!
No. Tstoôû Pte. XV. A. Roy On eg I —-(wounded and missing). Nçxt of I pH xi rs. 8i|s#unç Uwgy
SWATTING THE FLY
Time to Prepare for Canada's S
mer Pastime.
TAILORING
Dominion Day Sports.
The following is a li*t of the prize winners, in the list of * ports, run off at the Exhibition grounds on the -ml inst
Holts F RACES
Farmers' Race—Joe, (Hoy Lu*k) 1 ; King, (K. Mackay) 2 ; Rex, (M.
Gibbons) 3.
2 : .‘15 Vlas-—Rat*, (J. Dolan) 1 ; Darkey, (R. Pritchard) 2; Joe, (Roy Lusk) 3.
I i ee t- Ml — Hat-. (J. I Man ) 1 : I lackey, < K. Pritchard) 2 (J. E. Dolan)3.
Saddle Race—H. Hudgins 1 ; J. McLarnon 2 ; K. Hralgins 3 Hurdle Race—Kenneth liodgins 1 ; R. Hodgins, R. A mm, Tie.
FIELD 8PORTS
Mens' Foot Race, 00 yd. dash— Meld rum 1 ; C. Carson 2 ; J. McLarnon 3.
Hoy*', under 10 yr$»., 00 yd. dash — A. Farrell 1; O. Quinn 2; J. Storey 3.
Three legged Race. Seniors—L. A i mstrong-Geo. Prendergast 1 Win. Howard-O* Fulton 2; Geo Mchlmm-P. < kuneron Three legged Race, Juniors— A. Chisnell-C Dagg 1. Ralnli Finni-gan-K. Findlay 2, R Hamilton-Walter Voting.
Sack Race—Arnold Chisiiell 1, Lawrence Morrison 2, A. Farrell 3.
Root and Shoe Race— Ralph Fiimigan 1, Bob Kira k 2, Fade* 3.
Egg Race—V: Brown 1, G. Mel-driuu 2, C Walsh 3.
Fat Man's Race—El win Hodgins 1, Win Chbmell 2, H. A. Hod gins 3.
Smoking Race -M. McGuire 1, A. Farrell 2, L. Armstrong 3.
Standing Brown 1, C
ifi.
In the spring drive against the fly, about to begin all over the land, an o inee of prevention is worth a ton of swatting method by which the carrier of microbes and the tickler of bald heads must be combated. Fly eggs will not hatch without a warm, moist breeding place. If no flies are born there will be none later on to be swatted.
Our fly population is practically re-
The frost kills
Beautiful
Range
FOR MEN
I am, your* faithfully,
Francis R. Jones, Organizing Secretary,
Overseas Club
car old Canadian r. A. Bishop, eon
Sound,
A nineteen aviator, ( apt, of W \. Bishop, > : Owen registrar of the County of Grey, has made a record surpassing even that of the late Capt. Ball, who was the hero of the British army for his air exploit*. Word has been received at Ottawa that Capt. Bishop has now won the Victoria Cross, the Distinguished Service Order, and the Military Cross. He is said to be the only man alive with these three highest horn u s.
«
Birth control is the
Ç If you realise the importance of being dressed correctly you will understand why we advise Hobberlin Suits and Overcoats.
Q The styles are the newest—they arc authentic and in good taste—and the fabrics represent the utmost in value.
Hundreds of Patterns
to select from
Needs No Excuse
It is natural, when one studies the . J__
situation, that the farmers of the j born every summer country should now be buying half most of them off, but a few remain the automobiles that are on the mar- tucked away in some warm spot ket. Aside from the fact that the where they hibernate until the sun farmer has had a year of exceptional warms them Into life once more. Im-prosperity and that the distances he mediately the flies are released from travels make some vehicle an econo- their winter g nap they begin on an mlc necessity, he Is In a better oosi- egg-laying campaign. Under favor-tlon to keep an auto at	a minimum	able	conditions the eggs become flies
expense than Is the city	man.	In	In a	few days and they In turn de-
the first place, he is likely to be posit their eggs In a favorable place, something of a machinist and will do By this multiplying process one pair a good deal of his own repair work, of flies that manage to weather the being forced by his distance from winter beeome the grandparents of town to rely on his own resources, millions of flies by the early part of Then he Is likely to have	a barn	or a	summer. They come so fast that the
shed already built, and	will be	put	arm	of the swatter may not prevail
to no expense for the building or rent against them.
of a garage. Almost every time he Obviously, a successful campaign goes anywhere be saves time that Is against flies must be a community an asset in bis business. If be is affair. Recently the Health Depart-wise, possesion of the auto enables ment of Winnipeg took a horse, cow, him to reduce the number of his and stable census that the city might horses sufficiently to pay for the have gasoline he consumes. The city man against flies has no such offsets, and unless he Ueg of a city's manure and garbage th« ante in hi* business be must |ls found the solution of the fly pro-
The Winnipeg Health De-
George,
of
Heat
Presentation
A pleasant evening was spent at the home of Mr. and Mrs. I). Russell, Clarendon Front, on June 27th, when the parents and pupils of the district gathered to say good-bye to the teacher for last three years—Miss L. B. Hyde.
She was presented with a very beautiful book-case and rattan chair. The following address was read by Miss Geraldine Armstrong.
Dear Miss Hyde t
During the time yon have been with u* many change* have taken place ; but m your fidelity to your work and the improvement of your scholars, we are glad to say you have not changed. We are grateful to you for the interest yon have taken in them, and we will always be iLtcrcsted in you, and trust the future, all untried, may be indeed a pleasant way ; that the progress of year*
may bring not •elf, but through
G
Wave
Suitings
the

exact data In Its campaign In a systematic Land-
uses
figure on a clear added expense
bjem
partment knows that It has to deal with 4,761 horses, 666 cows, and 1,140 stables. IMrnows where all of the stables are and It has prescribed conditions under which the owners | Exclush* AgenU Hobberlin Tailoring handle
If a Southern city, like Havana, san be free of flies, as we are told that It is, the problem sbotald be Ample for a Northern city that does not have to deal with them all the
A few regulation*, rigidly enforced, will send the fly race to an everlasting slumber, so Tar aa the city which
400 Htodent* to Nerve.
Two hundred and fifty students of women's colleges of the University of Toronto have expressed their wil-
fruit farms of Ontario as fruit pickers during the coming summer. Women students of Queen's University to the number of probably one hundred will also volunteer, as well as the girls of MacDonald Hall, Guelph, making a total of probably 400 avail-They all sign up for five ploymtnL
we are showing. Do it now.


to enter employment upon
Broad Jump—V Carson 2, J. McLarno
ly blessing* to your
<
Again assuring you of our interest and good wishes, we ask you to accept
these pieces of your stay


I
Hslf-mile Bare G. Meld rum I C (arson 2, El win Hodgins 3.
Running broad jump—P. Ballmn tyne 1, V. Brown 2. M McGuire 3 High jump-M. Drummond 1, P. aWa BmIIzmtyne 2, D. McTiei nan 3.	months

ARCHIE DOVER
rear around

# .
rnitiire a* s rein
r

j
Sign •!.
handles the
Voua Fb




