###PAGE###1###
O
$1.00 A YEA1! IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,* THURSDAY, J AN. 18, 1017
No. 30, 34th Year. •
Î5S
=?•
rtl
The Bank of Ottawa
T^e
Merchants Ban^ of Canada
THE H ARDW ARB STORE
ESTABLISHED 1814.
Head Office : Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,808,170 55,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS S
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. If. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkhdkn GEN. MANAGER ..	D. C. Mac a ROW
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profite
Total A «sets over -
t
Fresh Eggs
Board of Directors i
..	$7,000,000
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984
• #
O O
JOHN B. FRASER,
Vice-President
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
ALEXANDER McLARKN. DENIS MURPHY,
IION. SIR GEORGE II. FERLBY, K.O. WHITNEY.
SIR HENRY N. BATE. RUSSELL BLACKBURN GEORGE BURN.
SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
D. M. FINNIE.
108,056,99d
Total Assets Nov. 30, 16, .
# e
Considering the unusually high price of Eggs wo cannot do better this week than to urge the proper care and feeding of Poultry.
217 Branches and Agencies in Canada-NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS.
How me YOU starting off the New Year ? By saving a little monthly from your income? If not, why not? Lot 1918 find you with a bank balance, no matter how small. $1.00 starts it, then BUILD.
W. DVTHIE
Chief Inspector
General Manager
.1. A. McLatchik, Manager.
It. Lkgkh, Manager.
G. M. Colquiioun, Acting M er
Fort Coulonuk Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Portage dü Fort Branch
We have the leading Poultry supplies, and a number of “ Pratts New Poultry Wrinkles,” a very useful book for the poultryman.
Branches at Shawvllle and Quyon w. F. DRUM
Manager, Shawvllle
Your family have been pleading with you for years. Why not have that family group ma 1< to-day ?NHIHHN
H. ImsoM. Photo Artist
A big element of uncertainty ia removed when you have a photograph made by II. Imison, Photo Artist.
That January thaw would fit in very conveniently jiiMt now.
The Shaw ville H. M. Club hold theii work meeting on Thursday evening of this week at the home of Mm. 8. K. If origins.
The Shaw ville Methodist 8. 8. children instead of having their animal Christmas tree and receive presents, decided to give away something and envelopes for the relief of Mel g
i	and	HI
flay, Dec. 24, and §25.10 was for warded to the Belgian relief fund
Manager, Quyon.
HENRY’S
“Canada’s Best’’
Take a hint, it will pay both of us.
Personal

Mrs. Andrew Hodgins is visiting friends in the city this week.
Miss M. J. Doherty, of River Desert, is the guest of Mrs. II.
Millar in town.
Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Sinclair, of Idaline, Sask., are visiting their relatives in Clarendon.
Mr. Robert Telford, who spent the past summer in the West, returned home a short time ago.
Miss Mildred Prendergast left on Monday to spend a few weeks with her sister. Mrs. Durkec, at Glovers*
The new order of things called	N. r.
into being by the new Municipal Miss Ethel Smith, of Carthage,
Elections Act, produced an effect N. Y. who visited friends in town here and also in the neighboring for a couple of weeks, left loi home municipalities, much more in con- on Thursday last, nominee with the spirit of elections Mrs. Win McCleary ns they are conducted in the neigh- smith, returned Month boring province of Ontario, than from Ottawa, where she had been has been the custom on this side consulting an eye specialist.
üliEll @###3
the mayordown ; and. no !»te Mr"- NoWe Armstrong.	Monday.
doubt, having the head of the Mr. James Telford of Murrells, The Indy who lost a black glove ami Campbell* Bay
krs.^rt:.7!,'V ™mngf	-.....« "
selection, as heretofore, had some Faldo, Ont , and Mrs. Richard | in»ie, thing to do in evoking more than Stanley at Ottawa, returned home a mere perfunctory interest in the on Monday evening.
proceoclings.	Mr. K. W. McDowell and family,! ,	. .. Q$ . .	..
For the honor of looking after of Skull Creek, Sank., after a short	lV,,,*e oi M% ‘S* 8lnc,rtir fo1
the inunicii>al affairs of the village visit to friends in this neighbor. If he winter months
the un precede n ted number of thir-, hood, left on Friday eu route for teen ratepayers were nominated for the office of councillor, and two for the position of mayor.
Jteforo the poll opened on Thursday, however, the unlucky number was broken by the withdrawal of three.
In the neighboring township of Clarendon the gentleman pro-nosvd for mayor carried off the lionor by acclamation ; but for the office of councillor sailing was not a<> smooth, as eight candidates
were put up: but on amount of Hhliwvjne IXMlge. No. 10.1 At Matarnlty Hospital, Ottawa the heRVy road* and the intenw , () 0 F hold it* annual installa- <>n Jan. 15th, to Mr. and Mr*. J. C ‘¦old, the vote tecorded was not tjo|, ()f <)nj(.„rs Monday night Glenn, Bristol Corner», a win.
A^the close of the poll, the vote	^
in this instance was shown to lie	' v	Dikii —At Weston. Ont., at the
as follows, the six candidates first	..I*,/ •	’X"	,	1 tlancl ;	home of her son-inlaw. W. I.
mentioned	being	declared	duly	^ -ts.- Hro. It. ( . Morrison ; V .0.—	Skelton, on Jany 11th, 1917, (2nd
elected : -	i «. I* ^ Hudgins ; K. 8.—Bro. anniversary of death of her bus-
IKsIgm* , u. U. dm). J. u. H0(1-1 ness ot pletiro pneumonia. She manufacture Pipe* In theirown localities, gins; I G—Bro. I hos	Burton ;	leaves to mourn her loss two	H. T	McDowell & Son. Shawvllle	Que
R. 8. N. G — Bru. Ie. K.	Smiley ; i	daughters :	Mrs. J. W Burges*	_____________________
» 5"	• land Mrs. W. J. Skelton, both of
R 8. V. (f.—Bro. G. W Dale
L. 8. V. G
COWLING
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa. Ont.
OTTAWA,ONT
Our instruction bring individual you mav start at any time.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short , Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell English, Correspondence. Ponctua lion. Paragraphing. Transcription, and ( )(!li*v Work
Since January, 101:1, more than 2<V> students from other local colleges have joined <>ur cl*see*.
Students a re assisted to positions. More than Ilf) were placed during the past year—most of them in the Government. Send for circular.
$
lias proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition w ith all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl inge Advocate.
W. K. Gowlinc President.

—;
hand
lag
inn children were dis were collected Sun
W. A. HODGINS
Municipal Elections
11. G. W. Hraitiiwait Principal.
D. K. HENRY, Prksidknt. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
SHAWVILLB
WANTED—Girl to do general house-
HpillMMpi a	to
1,017 IS H HR MAN (formerly of Shawvill
Ml St. Catherine St. West. Montreal.
Amateurs : Now is the time to bring in your choice negative* and have en largement s made from them.
II Imison, Phot.» Artist.
, of Lady-ay evening
work. Good wages
SPECIAL
THREE
LOST—A bout Dec. 27th a Gilt Maple Leaf, Military Brooch, No. 12. Please return to Mrs. R. G. Houoins, Shaw ville.
!
LOST -Somewhere bet we* n Ladysmith
oil.
Finder kindly com-
mit!
LOST — Black Checker Cock Homing Pigeon ; ring mark E. GUI. Left Shaw, ville about Dec. 20th. Finder kindly forward him C. (>. 1>. to No. 2t«7lf PTE. 1). Woodhbkv. No. 2 Co. 2117 Balt., Wellington St., Ottawa.
Miss Dolly Waddell and sister, Mrs. Hi ure Imve moved into the
JANUARY 18, 19, 20.
A surprise party, in the form of home with the intention ot drop- a house-warming was given Mr. A. ping off at Pembroke, and spend- Workman and sons, on Friday mg a week or so with friends night Inst, who a short time ago there.	moved into their new house.
FOH SALK—One frame house, summer kitchen, and woodshed combined on Patterson St., Campbells Hay. close to station —on easy terms. For further particulars apply to Jam km Rooney, Campbell» Hay.
We offer a limited quantity of Goods at reduced prices. Carefully note the following list :
Mi** Jessie Armstrong, of Green You undoubtedly have a few new Lake, and a little da lighter of Mr. pictures you would like framed, ('all and Mr*. Alf Klljott, were operated and hoc samples. Picture framing a Ion for Appendicitis at Ottawa Inst specialty. H. Imihon.	I week.
FOR SALE—On Main St., Shawvllle, brick dwelling, with store or oltice room in front. Outbuildings and good yard. Apply to Mhs G. M. Donaldson, tKi. 3rd Avenue. Ottawa.
Births
Installation
FOR SALE—Two comfortable dwelling I. maw, situated on King St., on easy terms.
Equity
15c
20c. Cotton Suitings 15 Towellings 20 Dreadnauvht Shirtings 18 Apron Checks 10 Prints
50 Bro. Military Flannel
Bro. Corded Velveteen
50 Men’s Grey Socks $1.50 Underskirts
Silkene Spools 25 Story Books ti bare Soap 2 cans Corn 2 cans Peas 2 cans Tomatoes Japan Tea
20 lb. sack Gran. Sugar 8 lbs. Apples
Crystal Sugar Syrup
Fur information apply to The
12
15
APPRENTICE WANTED-A smart intelligent boy to learn the jewellery business
Apply to II a.ns Ml a dll. Jeweller. Shaw aille. Que.
15
Most have good reference»
8
33
49
MAYOR
F. W. Thomas, by acclamation

33
FOR COUNCILLORS
99
Votes
105
Bert JJodgiiirt, Yarm
W. T. Barber........
W. H Barr ..........
W. T. McDowell....
Wjy. Dale...........
Mat Sinclair........
D. Russell..........
Kzra Grant..........
a
95
20
00
, Weston, Ont., and one brother— The Equity wa* slightly in error Bro. Herbert Gibson ; Adam Lindsay, of Renfrew, Out. last week in referring to the siding R S. S -Bro Lloyd Fulford ;The body was brought to the home west of Slrawville as “Dale’s Sitl-L. S. S. -Bro. R G. Fraser; Chap. Lf Mr*. H. Matbeeon of Shawvllle, ing". It should have read "Rieli-Bro. Karlo Fulford.	from	whence the	funeral took	ardson's Siding and while we
Bro. R. U. Woodley, P. D D. G	place	on Saturday	afternoon to	| are about it thia information may
in	the	village	chief	interest	M., installed the brethren in the	the Methodist Church and ce me-	be amplified by stating that the
centred	in	the	mayoralty	contest,	absence of Bro. W. J. Dagg, I). D	tery.	siding is now open for anyone to
which was won by G. A. Howard G. M.	I	----------- deliver pulp wood, lumber, or any-
&1 JZZmÜl,	‘.ti r., ... c...., C....11..	*h."» I" ‘h.. «...
result of the polI tor both mayor singing of the National Athem, I	Consider,
and councillor* wee	the members treked homeward.
25
82
78
25
77
25
68
51
30
25
$1.55
25

Train Cancelled—Until fur
Throughout Canada, it ie noted ther notice, the travelling oublie of late that municipalities, school will have to be content with one Hugh Young, which warn won by l**rds, *nd °th«*r organizations |wtsat»,iger train daily each way, on the former. The result of the which have money on dcrç>sit In the Ü. P. R. Perntiae line, as the election of councillors ha* made the form of ‘ sinking funds, have $ri weekly mixed train- Monda v, quite a change In personnel of the ***« ^king steps to invest these Wednesday and b "da y-has been Ixmnl. nearly all of last year s funds in Government war bonds, taken off this week. The official council having been retired. The which are regarded as gilt-edge „otice reflecting this change, or figures of the vote have not been Maturity, mid iwy a higher rate or rMtlier layoff, reads as follows : received.	interest than is usually paid on *»No. 541, from Ottawa (Brood) 7.20
In Campbell* Bay quite a fight I fl,n4*of. character depoaited ^	, due Walt bam 11.55 a. m., Mon
IS #######
between Duncan UMBpbell sod or the retiring b,*rd.	stored «gain.
FOB MAYOR
Votes
Big table of Remnants 4 doz. Ladies’ Caps À few pieces Furs
70
G. A. Howard II T. Argue .
#
67
J at half price
FOB rOUMCILLOB*
121
H. S. Hudgins.. R. C. Morrison. J. G. Elliott ... Tho*. Shore ... R. C. Woodley. W. .1. Dajgg ... R. K. McRae... Merryn Dale... Jam Dele .	...
W. H. Hodgiim
110
(M
m
Please be advised above prices will be withdrawn when Sale
is over.
85
78
77
70
45
11
W. A. HODGINS

is re-
###PAGE###2###
^ Î fact, she had barely spent five minutes ^ j with that invalid lady.	|
| "Oh, just the same as usual," ah# replied. "It is quite safe; 1 told her I was going further up the river to visit some friends; so we’ll enjoy our day—such a beautiful one, too. I am so happy! It was good of you to come Adrien."
î
a:
il
The Farm
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
Or The Sunlight of Love
Champion Fat Stock
Leroy’s face lightened at her words,
for he had expected %ilks, tears, and « should l>e a source of satisfaction remonstrances, and here were only to Canadian live stock farmers that I UA1 ItK XV 111.—(Conta).	pose 1 must look upon them as gone *miieR antj thanks. He did not appro- grand champion steer at the
The man looked up at the smooth,	for «^er."	ciste Lady Merivale’* ability.	Had	Chicago International of 1916 was
masterful face, and inwardly aeknow-	* l hoPe nut>"	sald Adrien sympa-	shti been a General, never a	battle	brought to him prime condition on a
lodged his opponents power.	thetivally.	would have been lost through	wrong	ration consisting of barley, oats, bran	Black, MlXCd Of UrcCIX.
"I'm thinking, guv'nor," he an- . "They are of no consequence," said tactics. She knew Adrien too well to!an<1	all feeds that are eashy
^	% SK5?,inr5 ' SHaHxsfy
watch, he had so stupidly failed to see. beloved money to have had those pap- miline would only send him further wna specially noticeable in a country cowe aie all advanced m lactation.
süH WMÎËÊÊËrâ MMM
v—!L-ra;.kis?zsrthTjycastirgf-t&rz
,	„	\	, .ei,f er, a '	1 * " 1 la. y;,ee for help of enemies in its 0f the breeder and feeder; to make a mometer is really indispensable in all be sailed for Canada."
jem i u n, * a Per said sternly. I	»	n This soclet> was formed by mem- (he route of “baby beef," then the through this the desired butter flavor. pound note crackling in his palm
may wan 3ou to do something for me; '1 ¦	8	'*ll*'.. ° bers of lhe ,lpllK*0US Society of milking qualities of the dam must be is evolved. The maximum amount Three weeks later the same man
an . , so. > ou can get your revenge. - "	*	1	pi ¦	1 ,ls •'1111 I rlends to aid innocent alien enemies given strict attention. If there is a1 of flavor that cun safely be produced appeared. Again they told him how
eanw lie, here s something to keep ^ P 0	8 1	ln Great Britain rendered destitute by possibility of profit in using nurse is reached when the cream has de- busy the High Commissioner was, and
you out of mischief, that a to may. in	“Indeed I do,' murmured Adrien.	Hie war," and Its report for	the last	' cows in ratoing calves for the open, veloped about	six tenths	of	one	per	again his answer was, “Tell him my
drink; you 11 be safer like that. ' He	He recollected that on the day of the	fiscal year shows that nearly	$100.000	market, the system should ring, beef-	cent, of acid.	This may	he	in a	few	father drove him to Aberdeen when he
handed over the money-about three race he had promised I-ady Merivalc was contributed and disbursed. Mem-	bred cow, to win must be blocky	' hours or two day». The experienced	«ailed for Canada."	He warn admit-
pounds. Mind! don t go selling any that, when next she visited her aunt, ; bershlp Is not confined to the Quakers.	with a deep flesh coloring, yet many	dairymen can depend upon previous	ted, and emerged	mailing another
more forged pictures like the one the Lady Rose Challoner, at Hampton , for the Archbishop of Canterbury, the	,.ows of inferior appearance in this	experiences but the amateur must	five-pound note.
bond of which I hold or you'll get	Court, he would meet her there and	head of the Church of England, and	regard are superior milkers, and will	have a sure guide in all stages of	the	A few weeks later he presented
caught. They make the sentences for'	row her to some of the pretty islands	the Illshops of Litchfield and	Lincoln	,aiso n calf to a great weight in	work.	himself a third time The secretary
fraud pretty heavy nowadays." | further up the stream, and there spend as well as Viscount Bryce, Lord Hal shorter time.	_____ felt that the limits " of benevolence
Mr. Wilfer shivered. Up to now, he the day 111 delicious idleness.	| dane, formerly Minister of War. and The use of a pure-bred bull is right- Kxtrarting a Headless Nail. must have been reached
himself had never been imprisoned; - ° far» engagements on both sides several members of Parliament and jy considered essential In the breed- v .	, , ,	.	. into Lord Strathcona’s private off'ce
but other members of the gang had had prevented this plan being carried ministers of Protestant churches are	jng of satisfactory stock for either	Vry of!en ?M UmiWr «U8ed to	and gajd.
served various sentences, and their re- out ; but now Lady Merivale was evid- among its supporters.	beef or milk, and the wisdom of this	repa,rs a,'wut tav l,ul dln*8’ ^ "Here is this broken-down A her-
- ; EFBfrSHE: ûr^S'Tir™ \ EBHEHEE: H-Sÿ jS 5HSEr HE
¦ “All you've got to do is to wait till	al h"d esk. he dashed off a note:, visited are suffering from depression of judgment was used in selecting the ly ^ h<‘ad 18 ,br“kcn and.,lt 18 Canada He has had tJ, five pound
she comes back; or if you find her , “^ear Lady Merivale,—I am motor- and other nerve troubles, owing to the (lams of cach individual, and both of “lm0!,t. *mpoe»lble to get the nail out. not<lg from " lorilshi J£..
about, let me know," replied Jasper, mg down to Hampton, and will gladly ; great strain pul on them by the Isola- the winners were cross-bred, but T°cut to sl,le leav®8 the boafd “Indeed"' said lord Strathcnn-. In "Now, be off, and remember I can lay meet you there. I snail wire for the	tlon of their position and rhe struggle	would such crossing lie economical for	e'tber	00	K'ntf or	l"u short-	Th«	hia	quiet	wav	"Give	him	another
my hands on you-and so can the <kiff »"d lunch. Au Revoir."	for existence. A small special fund	the average breeder of fat stock for	y	„We saw	». man *e},	ar?mi	five-pound	note	and	tel!	him	he	neJd
¦	Having despatched this, he gave in- has been opened to enable our visitors lho butcher? For show purposes a the d‘fruuty vt;ry	,lrove not come again You raav add that
I ¦ Good-night." struct ions to N01 gate with regard to »° cheer these poor souls during the man aff„rd to keep a cow for a	!" ,laKr ‘i.11** br£en one; his father did not drive mi- to A her-
With that, Mr. Vermont turned on all his engagements, and ordered the tlmes of acute crisis or prolonged year for the sake of the calf she gives lben.?ui e! lt out; ihe headless nail d c ,	+ t r .
his heel and strode swiftly and silently car.	monotony, so that the mental and i provided he wins with her once in a Was h<,,‘ (,08ene<1 ‘,u,le ea8il>’ aad by m t* # #act t walkp<i »
away.	It was a splendid Spring morning, spiritual strain may be relieved before while; the breeder who works for the mean*, of a *?air 1,1 tweezers was ex-	'
Wilfer looked after him with a just right and hot enough to make the ;t,ie breaking point is reached."	production of fancy sires as herd lead- tra<te, Others may find this means
scowl.	vision of the cool, broad river par-	Still the committee finds many	, ers can	do likewise, but the man who	to w<>rk satisfactorily the next	time
“He's a clever devil," he said, as he,	ticularly tempting; and Adrien deter-	cases where deportation to Germany	expects	to make his living	by the sale	a r,ai is in îllv road of the
too, went on his way.	mined to put aside all cares, and take or Austria is sought.	I of home-raised beef must have a herd
Clever, Mr. Vermont most undoubt- ^c daY afl it came. Lady Merivale	As the weary months of the war	0f cows that will give milk, sufficient
edly was. His worst enemies would h*d evidently decided to set at rest	drag ou lor those who are unable to	Rt least for their calves. “The gain	Poultry	manure	is more valuable!
not have denied him that virtue; but	her jealous fears; and, he told himself, |take aIl>' Pa, t 111 fhe active work go-	on feeding a calf is made	much more	than that of any other common	farm	There	are	still	a few	people	even
in this case his cleverness had over-	a8 Constance was not to be his, there	011 ,n a11 directions, and as savings	cheaply	than on feeding	an aged	animal and it should be properly	ban-	now,	after	all the public appeals,	who
reached	itself.	It	had	so	amused waB nothing else to do but to pass the	diminish, many families who asked	for j steer," say the experts, but if this	died	to prevent	waste. Frequent	are hoarding up gold, says the	Lon-
him to torment his victim,	that	he had time 88 t>est he might.	and obtained their exemption to stay %ain has to he helped out by the keep-	cleaning of the	house is necessary	don Chronicle. A speaker at a	war
never questioned Wilfer's statement! Whatever happened, he was glad to in England now make up their minds ing of an extra cow for the purpose and an absorbent should be used daily. I savings meeting in Bloxwich (Staffs.) that the girl, Jessica, was his niece, be done with Ada Lester. He had tired	!to ret llrn î0 ,lu ir own countries. Tho	we doubt if, at the present price of	Fine dry loam or road dust or mix-	*a*d he knew of one	person who had
Had he known her identity, subse-1 of her almost before the first month of	<lueMlons we are asked and the advice ,	milk and dairy products, the raising	turcs of these used with land plaster	$LOO0 banked In a	stocking. Apart
quent events might have proved far their so-called friendship; hut he had ^!UKllt u ' u,n,‘ more and morc varied, j 0f the calf in such a manner I» just and acid phosphate. Sawdust may from patriotic motives, he added, one different; but man, with all his gifts, ! not had the courage—cr rather the	XN e t onlinu,‘ u\ make up Part,e8 of	the best way for the farmer to choose	also be used with good results. Sifted	would have thought	that the oppor*
is blind as to the future; he sees as in energy—necessary to relieve himself	’lh,He 1#*avi|ig England, and we are	for getting rich.	coal ashes may also he used, but not	tunity of an additional £50 as interest
a glass darkly, trusting and believing of her.	frequently asked to send children;	----- wood ashes or lime.	' would have been sufficient to make the
in his own feeble powers, as if he were At any rate, Evenline's day should ha< k to ,heir relations So far we are	Dairying.	Poultry manure is particularly well owner Invest the money,
omnipotent.	not be spoiled. It should l>e one to lie ^ 11,1 fu>a> t lîlf a,l Bl,cb cbildren have	^	.	adapted to gardening and poultry Another Instance comes from a
Meanwhile, Jasper trudged gaily marked with a white stone. He little	fhe,r destination safely, aj-, A farmer lamented in my presence raisers should either use it on their moorland district of Devonshire,
along.	i thought with what danger the trip was	mug i somet mes obliged to travel	al-1 the fact that he had unwittingly sold	own	gardens or	dispose of it at a	where the purchaser of a small hold-
how ! to be fraught, or that it would prove	ub>ne: * cha*n of	1,1 h‘s 1>est ^w, 4"1 i.t a losing rate too,	good	price, thus increasing the profits	in* paid over £900 in sovereigns	and
That	the mo6t momentous one of his	plea-	En* alld a,u	0 and	hand	f^iem on	thinking he was selling his poorest 0f their flocks.	£100	In	silver,	this	sum	having	been
from ,,tir to another-	5?w 7lta8, Mra A; C- McPherson.	___________ hoarded	In	the	house	for many years.
He judged by outside appearance as	The other side of the picture la
so many do. so his boniest most an- A fellow who is his own best friend provided by the fact that 747 new gular cow proved t° >e his >e t. .i. re must make up his mind to have few war savings associations were formed
- z « as?25	-w- »• —> » w»
I churn. This farmer was one of a
% _ ,	,	. ..I	, i	.	Hack to the l^uid, Is the cry to class—too numerous by far—who do fg*
Some	few hours	«ter	he	stood be-	went stead,ly enough; but once	dear	,he crouds of	people	on the broad	; „ot bother to know ... a certainty
side Adrien	before	the	latter ,	motor	of them, he put on speed, exh.l.r.ted	btgbusy who	flock to the	Vampire	j whether they are keeping boarder cow,
“Are you coming wqth me, Jasper?"i by the rush through the pure morn-	I I	|
said Leroy heartily. "I'm afraid I've ing air. So fast was the run that, on
Scaled Packets Only. Never in Bulk.
13217
A SLIGHT ERROR
The Generosity of the Late Urd Ntrnthrona Taxed to the Utter moot.
Hi.
and
He was
would a bone
“Now Iress?"
“Cracknel 1 Court, Soho
He went
police—any minute I like, so don’t play me any tricks
As a
THE STOCKING BANK
saw
Gold Kept at Home, Hidden In
Stocking.
Poultry Manure
i
“Strange," he murmured, things work round for me. princely idiot plays into my hands at sure
every turn. What luck that I should Directly the motor appeared, Leroy just have followed him to-night—I’ll dismissed the chauffeur, preferring to to tee him humbled and disgraced <lrive	*¦ procuring greater
yet!" With which pleasant thought he <afet> «gainst a breath of scandal j Why Have jhe tow„ *he Greater At hummed Miss Lester's latest song and touching her ladyship's name.	|	traction for the Masses?
pursued his way to the theatre.	j Through the crowded streets I*roy
BACK TO THE LAND
Let Him Help Himself To
CROWNBRAND
OORnSsïRUP £
or those that yield a profit.
If the actual cost of keeping a cow is about $36 a year, and she gives ur- only ten pounds of milk a day for ten months in the year, then she gives
...	» .	.	.	.	,	.	, .	.	,	,	,	. , Hreat Britain has 77 per cent, of Its j 3,000 pounds of milk a year. As it
Adrien waved the suggestion aside, ship, strong pointa, he knew he had ; population In the towns, as against 25 ukes twenty pounds of good milk to
"By the way, what i. the time?" he	almost an hour to spare.	on the land. France and German»	make one pound of	butter, then she
eiud, reeling for his watch.	Having put up the motor at a local	before the war were building up the	produces	150 pounds	of butter a year.
1 ,lont know» answered his friend,	garage, he strolled down to the river,	'	tom ns. and even In the United States	This sold	at 20 cents	a pound amounts
•mine has stopped.	where he found his dainty little skiff.	'	the proportion of town dwellers Is on	to $30
“Well, mine has gone, said Leroy	Sea Foam, ready and waiting for him. |	the Increase. In Australia there are
that affair in the park."
. .	,	,	...	. ,	__	„	All the time the cities become more
taken up a lot of your time to-night." reaching Hampton Court, he found it and more bloated as the country sends
“My dear Adrien, does not my would be a good half-hour before Lady w* ben and brightest to smell the* whole life belong to you?" replied the Merivale mas even due to arrive; and j „ttn population. ar< h hypocrite.	a# punctuality was not one of her lady

I iw11!.do mere than satisfy hla rrrrtnf £ for setpethinteweet"-11 wt;isupply the food elemen t* n#ed#d to build up
rlsllftle body and help him to sate la health and strewh.
“Crown Brand" Isiwl.c!
I
/
'll
Such a cow is kept at a loss But if she doubles the
“1 remember	now; it wan	in	It was just big enough to contain two,	four huge cities and a fringe of farm	amount of milk, then there is an
•nd its upholstery of cream leather	lands.	actual gain.	j
“ What ?" exclaimed Jasper, in tones gave it the light effect which rendered Why have the towns the greater at By keeping a small spring scales, of the deepest sympathy. “Not it name so appropriate.	, traction 1 Well, here are some of the with note book and pencil in the cow
that valuable repeater,	surely?"	In order to while away the time, he	reasons given by a few big men :	barn or milk room a test can be made !
"Yea," said Adrien.	“I must	get	rowed gently down to Richmond and 1	"Our more active and restless young	daily for a week or more, or once a ;
another one."	back, and on his return found lady	men and women leave the country for	month of the number of pounds of
Jasper smiled, as his fingers touched	Merivale awaiting him on the steps	the	towns because of the loneliness	milk each cow gives daily,
furtively the watch and chain in ques-	that led to the Court. She was ex-	! and	lack	of inenta 1 companionship," Having settled the status of the	cow
tion.	quieitely gowned, as usual, and in her	«aid ex President Roosevelt.	it will	be well	to see that the cow
"Did you find your papers?" in- favorite color, pale blue, which suited The enchantment of the	towns."	stable	la made	comfortable___is ar-j
quired Adrien, as they rolled through	her delicate coloring to perfection. She	Sir	Horace Plunkett, “must be	ranged to admit air and plenty of I
the streets. “Jackson told me you	greeted him brightly and unrestrain-	reckoned	with by those who would re-	light The air should never be	ad-
Kvidently she had put all	mould the life of the open	country	mitted	through	crevices and cracks
thoghts of I*ady Constance from her	*nd make It morally and mentally eat-	but by	a flue or flues, one also aa an
mind, and, like Adrien himself, was *"fy*ng to those who are bora la I determined to have the memory of at least one happy day.
“How is Lady Rose?" asked Leroy, when he had assisted his fair comber# between panlon into the boat end Ada's motor, and I sup She smiled at him. As a matter of
to the owner
ln§ food — ii well m the
mat delicious of tsble
The red fee !» krk L«ee»«
Cev le#", wt.l fell you were. Write for • copy
to use It. In
r.
30 pound tins—end 3
THE CANADA STARCH CO. LIMITED

¦owTseet, eem»«*AL.


222
m#
lost them coming out of the theatre edly one night."
"No," answered Vermont, a flush of annoyance crossing his brow have not. But it's of no consequence ; Jackson need not have bothered you rbout st Vi a trifle. Merely accounts.
1 drooped thaï

»

c



who, but for Its social stagnation, would prefer a rural to aa urban existence "
dairymen use their cows aa stoves, andb urn too much food for fuel in the
of their cows for heating It is cheaper to make the and cosy,—“Every shiver

«
s
"Give each village a circus ' said l»rd Salisbury, “and the people on the land may be satisfied *	"
- S I •
¦5F
fas ii
of the cow shakes money out of the
###PAGE###3###
From Erin’s Green Isle

Useful Mints and General Information for the Busy
Housewife
About the House

$
,> <
ifti
NEWS BY MAIL FROM IKE
LAND’S SHORES.

r
?

«
Happening* in the Emerald l**le of
Interest to Irishmen.

i




HH 1HH
Whip the cream, which must he very cold from standing on ice. When
'tmm s
mmm mmm
¦¦
¦iipi
pies and pour the batter over them.
This takes only about as long as the ordinary apple pie, and yet it is not heavy or indigestible. It may be eaten with cream or a hard sauce.


KM*
Kî
*
The King has approved of the appointment of Lieut.-Gen. Sir Bryan Mahon, R.C.V.O., C.B., D.S.O., to be
General Officer Ccmmanding-in-Chief of the Forces in Ireland, in succès» to Lieut.-Gen. Sir John Maxwell. A public meeting of the citizens of Limerick was held in the town ha!! in support of the application of the Association of Irish postal officials for an increased war bonus.
The strike of Carrick-on-Suir boat-and the consequent complete
w

•M-.


>
sion
5
«
A

A

4
men
suspension of the barque traffic be tween Waterford, Carrick-on-Suir and Clonmel has now entered upon
Cut with cookie cutter and bake
quickly.
Codfish Italia.—1 pound codfish, 1
its
eifhth week.
When a passenger train from Cork to Dublin was just near Mallon Station, a pipe of the boiler of the engine burst. The fireman, Michael Stafford, was killed, and the driver, Patrick Dunlea, badly scalded.
It is understood that Lord Chief Justice Cherry is about to relinquish his office as head of the King’s Bench Division in Ireland, and that he will be succeeded by the Attorney-General, Mr. J H. Campbell, K.C., M.P.
At the meeting of the Thurlea Urban Council a crowd of women from the poorer quarters of the town attended and asked the assistance of Queen Mary, in view of her interest council to secure a reduction in in the question of food supply, recent- the price of potat ly summoned Walter Runciman, president of the Board of Trade, to an
*

A Potato Day for the Belgian People
dStS E=5-ErSS5H.f:=--=3i H.Y “
toes and then turn them over to the Germans, who dole them out
QUEEN THINKS OF POOH
however, invisible, and consequently
the Torpedo Her Majesty’s Interest in Question of
boats, once they crossed it and entered the harbor, should find the way
ITALIAN DESTROYERS FOOLED AUSTRIANS
Food Supply
out
A sailor in a small boat lowered from one of the torpedo boats was accordingly left to mark the passage audience at Buckingham Palace. It is
after the others had gone inside. This very unusual for the Queen to send Hushia Resents Underhand Approaches man knew that he was risking him for a Cabinet Minister.	of Huns for Peace,
life, since in case of an alarm he had | The conference was a long one, the | RuB#ia reSents Germany’s insidious absolutely no chance of escaping, but Queen being particularly interested in and repeated attempts to negotiate a when the expedition to Pola was plan- (jeflnite details as to how the proposed scparate pcace with her, says the Pruned and the officer in command of the new f(>0d regulations would affect the vkjence Journal. She realizes that flotilla said he needed one man for poor> especially the working women the greateHt menace to her ambitions this job all the crew volunteered and an(j women belonging to the so-called ^ embodied in the eastward schem-added that they were all willing to professional classes. From the very ings of Berlin. She is bitterly hos-sacrifice their lives if necessary. : beginning of the war, the Queen has ^le t0 the German desire to dominate One of the torpedo boats entered shown particular interest in the posi- the Slavonic peoples of the Balkans the harboreof Pola and came out after tjon 0f middle-class women, women of ghe remembers that Teutonic uggres two hours. There was absolutely no education and breeding, who have 8jon ^ Serbia was the immediate sign of life inside the port and few movecj for years in one groove, and cause 0f the continental war. More-lights were to be seen on shore. The who were no longer young enough to over> ,be distrusts Teutonic diplomacy. Austrians relied so much on their be able to benefit by new openings j ike the regt of the world she appre mine fields, barriers and batteries that when their old occupations or incomes cjates the difficulty of binding faith they were quite convinced an attack grBdUally became insufficient.	iess Germany to the faithful perform
was impossible either by day or by The subject of food economy, also, ance of her future engagements, night, and they slept soundly without -a one that has engaged the heartiest This sentiment of suspicion crops The most difficult and delicate mis- watching.	attention of the Queen. The Queen is ou£ |n the comment of the President
sion consisted in torpedoing a man-	Results Not Known.	herself a remarkably good house- , f the Duma, who says:	“We cannot
o’-war. In fact, when the torpedo The results of the torpedo boats ex- keeper,” writes one of the newspapers trust our adversary. He is a worn-boats reached the “customary anchor- pioration inside Pola are of course not in commenting on the audience with out felon.” An official of the Foreign age of part of the Austrian fleet,” known. Undoubtedly they must have Mr. Runciman, “and if she belonged to office declares that the lack of sincer-possibly the good roadstead in the been very valuable, judging by the the middle classes she would be extol- ity jn the German proposal is evident, channel of Fasana, the entrance of fact that no attempt was made to tor- led as a wonder among her peers. ^ Duma resolution, unanimously which they had successfully forced, pe<i0 any 0f the enemy ships before : Years ago, before war with Germany adopted, characterizes the offer ai torpedoes were fired against a large two hours, and it is to be presumed was thought of, she used to be quot- hypocritical. The Foreign Minister, enemy war vessel, but it.was a seer- that all this time was not lost. Be- ed as as example of thntty manage- addressing the Duma, brands Germany tained that both remained entangled 9^,, had not dawn been so near the ment and sound common sense. In M deceitful. The German Govern-in the nets protecting the ship and , torpedo boat would have surely pro- those days, thrifty management and ment cannot ignore the extraordinary as they failed to strike a hard sub- longed her exploration inside Pola. It sound common sense were neither stance their charges were not ignited Was about 6 o’clock in the morning popular nor fashionable, and it wras its duplicity.
and the torpedoes did not explode. when the two torpedoes were fired considered the smart thing to be, Russia's sturdy opposition to Ger-Had the torpedoes exploded the against the Austrian battleship in the wasteful and frivolous, and complete- many’s desire to control the Balkans Italian warships would not have been Fasana channel, almost simultaneous- ly ignorant of what went on in the jg a reminder that in the final settle-able to come out of Pola and probably iy and at a very close range. They kitchen and the store room. Even ment 0f the present conflict it will be would have been lost. In fact, they both got entangled In the nets protect- yet, not everybody has come around futijH to ignore racial and religious owed their safety to the non-explosion jng the shin. Evidently three nets to the Queen's point of view, although jjnes §o far as possible nationality of the torpedoes.	protected the ship, because two were they will in time, even if they have an(j tradition must be respected.
out, but the third prevented the tor- to be forced into it. A vast deal of Trieste and the Trentino must go to pedoes from striking the hull, and unnecessary spending still goes on, ita]y because they are, by every test their propellers kept going outside the especially among the so-called smart eXccpt that of government, Italian, water with a loud noise resembling get, which is still lunching and dining jhe national ambitions of the South that made by the propellers of an and going to the theatres and buying ern Slavs cannot be evaded aeroplane.	expensive furs, and going in for ex- mia’s age-long aspirations for liberty
In fact, the Austrians on board the tremes in evening dress. Only an act must be given fuller play—or else battleship as well as those on board 0f parliament will stop them.	peace will he but a travesty on the
her ships and on shore mistook the ;	-------?-------- | world.
and took it for granted that Pw
SECURED INFORMATION, FIRED TORPEDOES, ESCAPED.
CANNOT TRUST GERMANY
Sleepy Enemy Cheered Boats and Did Not Discover Mistake Till ' Too Late.
Three Italian torpedo boats have succeeded in breaking the boom at Pola, the best defined and most fortified naval harbor in the world. They spent two hours “exploring the harbor a few hundreds of yards from the forts and came out safely after they had accomplished their most difficult and delicate mission, when numerous powerful searchlights vainly illuminated sky and sea and the batteries fired wildly and inefficiently,’ writes a Rome correspondent.
Useful Hints.
An hour should elapse after a meal before taking a bath.
.	,	A linen case to hold a pair of rub-
To <’ook Rice. After washing nee. b#rg ,g an excellent g!ft.
put it on in just enough cold water to Earthly roots should be well scrub-prevent it burning at the bottom of M ^fore peeling, the pot, which should have a close fit- Green vegctabies should always be ting cover, and with a moderate fire cooked in gaJted water.
the rice is steamed rather than boiled ^here is no use telling a boy to until nearly done; then the cover is re- | doing something he ought not to moved, the surpluà steam and mois- ^ unlcB# u ghow him better to do turc, allowed to escape and the rice Jn’lts pjace
turns out a mass of snow-white ker-j To clean’ piaster-of-pari8 figures, nels, each separate from the other and g rinkle them with a thick coating of as much superior to the usual soggy	and water. When this is dry
mass as a fine, meal potato is sup- the dirt wiH brush off with the dry erior to the water-soaked article.
White Cake Like China Dishes
i



powder.
Clean your sewing machine frelake the yolks of two eggs and a uenGy if y0U would have good ser-
spoonful of salt and as much rosewat-	Kerosene oil and absorbent cot-
er, some carrawuy seeds and as much ^ " are admirable for the purpose; flour as will make it a paste stiff ®»-|follow with a good lubricator. ougL to roll out very thin; if you |	„| haven't enough suit hangers to
would have them like dishes you must h clothes.” Roll up a thick bake them on dishes buttered. Cut, gec^on 0f the newspaper, and tie a them out into what work you please gtrf around the middle with a loop, to candy them. Take a pound of per- That wjU do juet a8 well-
fumed sugar and the white of an egg	soften brown sugar that has be-
and three or four spoonfuls of ro#e“ i come lumpy place it in a cloth sack water, stir until it looks	*nd 1 and hold the sack over the steam
when that paste is cold do it with a from R 1)viiing tee-kettle feather on one side. Thk candied. eagjar than ro,llo< |t on the bread.
all-dÎ^ °l Y erR e,8nf ^d^wiS ^rneil o, fresh	,'rincips, Sava, Harbor
them very fine with a little orange pajnted room over night. If windows Empire	,
flower water to keep them from oil- M(1 door, are cloaed the odor wi„ be southern extremity of the peninsula
Ing; then take a pound and a quarter abaorbed b corning. ' of I'trla, the head of a bay of the of fine sugar, boil to a high candy, B#Us mads of colore<J celf ieather «ame namf< and is almost completely then put in your almonds; then take ^ Bbiny in placeg Tu remedy landlocked. An extensive system of two fresh lemons, grate off the nnd y. t a plece of fme g|aKg.pap,r| fortifications on the surrounding hills very thin and put in as much juice as ho,d l)<lt Uut and ,ightly rub in enclosing the harbor defends its en-to make of It a quick taste, then put djrectlon with the glass-paper, trance and protects the good road
It into your glasses and set it in your when t(|4 «bloom.. wil| be regtored. stead ln the, larKc channel of Fasna., ,dit of iigbtnlng. Searchlights stove, stirring often that they ( o no g^y from tbe stationer’s a package This channel separates the mam an< e t on And Ruminated the sky,
candy; so when It ,a a little dnr put of atrong manila envelopes, size about fro*, the Bnon.an Islands, which do- whiIe a]1 the gun, 0f lhe aerial de-» Victoria Croases are dealt out as	thousand	Polish	babies,
it into little cakes upon sheets of glass 4 x 6 incheg> and start a eoHection of mmatc the entrance to the bay. The	Qn hlUe an<1 on the islands, grudgingly as though they were com- of )b(.m ,egs than thre, yearg of
clippings. Use one envelope for each harbor has an area of over t nee ^ weU as all those on the ships and posed of radium. This is because the whose parents are lost and can...	,	.	..	,	subjects, and you will soon have a square miles and is divided into t o the sbore batteries, opened fire honor Is the greatest that can be won * be traccd are now jn charitable
lated sugar add • gill and a hrif of va,uable dgp<,giwry of information. It basins by a chain of three small is- gimultaneougly> wildly and ineffi by a British subject, and also because	hands Tb,.S(. ,nfantM are lh,
flPPÉHB»
v faste. mg the edges of the done as exist to-day, that is not In Two out of the three torpedo boats Austrian fire continued, mainly many than in England or Prance. If nest* bake the puffs Ughtiy, and after the least a factor tending to raise silently approached the barrier and abated skyward.
SJr are a faiat brown color they will prices; it merely affects the diatrihu- their crews got to worlr In leaathaa ^	tioo of the surplus (over normal re- twenty minutes the boom
turned L' which existing prices yield, sufficiently to allow their
How the
-the worldwide —emphasis put upon
This is
It is situated near the
Bohe
THE SUPREME HONOR
noise____
had been attacked by hostile air craft.	-----
The alarm was raised at once with the victoria Crosses Dealt Out With
MANY FATHERLESS BABES
Fourteen Thousand Left in Poland by
German Scourge.
Great Caution
to dry. •	*
Fondant.—To one pound of granu-
In retreating Russians succeeded in
dough, with #
and set it away until needed
Fruit Deeerta
A small child who was the youngest member of a very hard-up family waa told one day by her father that ehe had a new baby sister
his predictions are no more accurate than his statements of fact. British
York Evening
“Isn't that
HHI But hard laaaaaa of
domestic economy had already taken hold of the young lady, and she am
“Wall daddy. I
a to.
In the Indian Army all orders are need not worry N

Poet
Orange Cream.—One half cupful .range juice; one half cupful sugar;
¦ iauitli
given in English
Necessity Is the mother of inven oiled is the step father
a small amount of tHatini
Teacher (during
a special mechanical contrivance
The small passage
fort there
When it comae to solid there is very little to
s'poee IVs all right, but it
v ~ • a loi of things ** need
tion; p
cup
fuL
bet
used with
It's easy for a
Pupil—Because	they are

ing T
the barrier where the
an easy pair
juke and one-half cupful of »n easy
orange
###PAGE###4###

THE EQUITY.
ing Imperial credits fur the purchase of munitions here, was announced by Sir I'homas \\ hitv last Wednesday.
An issue ot War Savings Certificates maturing in three years, in denomination* of $*\ #:»(> and SltX\ wiil t*e created
COUNTY SALE OF LANDS FOR TAXES.
SHAWVILLE, JAN. IS, 19i7
Province de Quebec, Municipalité du Comte de Pontiac.
Province of Quebec, Municipality of the County of Pontiac.
Fhe Russian offensive on the eastern
I'hvy will be obtainable upon nt, î event I v begun, will necessitate a , application to any lunik or posta! money
U*.idy strengthening of the Teutonic order office in the Dominion	__
iu that quarter or the bear will | ^l'v< ,u.v 1 >l>’ ami re-1 Avis public est par lo présent donné par IT. T. Hardman, Public notice is hereby given by H. T, litirriman, Secret-
lent now to the (bm-innlenV,'will	I ^*(,rvîaire- * i «Gorier cln conseil municipal dit comté	tit! 1*011-	nry-Treasurer of the municipal council of the county of Pon-
mined	at the end of	three	\ears.	I t,îlv» <lUt‘ tl ITes <i-aprés décrite seront vendues,	par (Mi-	tiae, that the lands hereinafter	mentioned will be sold by
..........., ...s.	AtarjTSIîa^Ï
'.he fstabli^hment of	thv	Canadian	Car 11'!,“ oewlthu!	‘"^‘yfour	month*	«t	mn.lu <lue |H ,llles cotisations ne me soient payées,	awe les	scribed, unless the same be paid	to me, with costs, before
V..I Foundry Co. «,	Kin^u.ul,	vau,ing	^ enwurua’ avant ,eJour lix* P'"11' '« vente	the aforementioned day of sale.
4 loss of sixteen million dollars, ten for every $21.50 |iaid. This means that
oiUions of whivh represented shells and die longer the certificates are held the
higher the rate of interest that will be obtained.
The plan will give the general public the opportunity of contributing by their vveral million dollars’ worth of savings to the winning of the war and property was w iped out. Here 100,000 at the same time encourage and promote
"T'' "V'rt” T'7 w'ZTClÆz.ia, Jwph ....................................
<4 li appalling effet t, the force ot the in the opinion of the finance minister, I Fmlerick llork Itfonation smashing buildings on all of incalculable national benefit, both V. ,Tos McNeil	!
>idcs and being felt over thirty miles Mnr dm present and for the future, and Succession Estate Dut. O’Flahert\
m. f,aw—........................................................
th ml quartern laid the cause of the might result through dislocation of busi disasters to accident, but inquiry later | ness after the war.
strongly suggests incendiarism, and this h quite likely t
?ui«s hitting an enemy a 10million dol

Hu
elet
Vgin to smash things up in a way that will
ui bo healthy f 44 .til in I
mything that |
i
I I,e d
gras |

Nom sur le Role d Kvaluation
Nombre du Cadastre Cadastral Numlier.
Rang.
Range
Taxes d’écoles
Etend ut
Taxe» Municijtal Mitnîci|>al Taxes
Frais
Total
xploshes for the Russian government. The second disaster occurred at the Du
Name on the Valuation Roll
A rea
School Taxes
Costs
Total
Dont Co’s factory at Haskett, N. J.t in which
CANTON DALDFIELD
TOWNSHIP OF ALDFIELD
S
15
1
10U acres
9 3.71
$0 38
$4.09
47,	48,	49
321
5.74
38
6.12
47
3
108
11.54
38
il.92 10.11
S. £ 50, 35 b. 30 b,
S. 4 51 37-b,	38 b
6.66
1
186
2.80
70
listant
8
208
3.72
38
4.10
ou tig
54
2
03
4.35
2.60
76
7.71
The new certificates will provide a strong incentive to thrift and economy order that money may lx?
saved for their purchase. The kind of Inconnu - Unknown..
*‘r punch is rather more of a tempt a- thrift for which the minister appeals is Madame Mrs. W. Thomson
n than tin iverage Hun could with- l*,al XN Uh results in the saving of
money
rities.
It is }M>intvd out that under facilities afforded by the banks, jxxst office savings branches, and other financial deposi. taries, gums of one dollar and upwards
T,lh 1 h thrcsiHihl "i the i*ania- are receive*! on dcix>sit.	1er, 4.00 ; James Hanna, 4.00. -Carried.	_
ntary session it is remarked that a	-	---- Motion — Volins. Harr and Dagg	Mother’s Day Strenuous.
“-nvr ^ ÈrSrBtâS	....
o^—rf-ivr.............*•*
r. îsj zrBssE?sSE I r™—
î>t a te» District l tnirt of having violated I w'itliin the municipality of Clarendon. * 30—Mildred and Henry have
Uns muntryenvu rahty.	. Male, to be taxed *1.00 e««b, female. breakfast.
Utility on all charges, announce.!	M„nvv .nlleeteil .hall I». use.I	8.50—Start Mildred and Henry to
the oremati	I f..t sheep hwses caused by dogs, links. ,choel- 6ndln* caP«. books, lunch.
All hve defendants were aceuse.1 ofl„t,icrwiac or(l(.rvd hy this *ounci, —
Carried.
Motion- Conns, Iiotlgius and Elliott That this meeting In* now adjourned to 3 o’clock, p. m., December 10.—Car ried. Carried.
CANTON DE lmiSTOI
TOWNSHIP OF BRISTOL
To in
prove eorrect
I
3 b
3
100 acres
19 89
23.48
1.26
44.62
19 a
44
60
3.52
t
3.00
25
7.37
Ntaihl when the chance presented itself ti «l this favorable moment, no doubt.
seen
Bryson, Que., fi Jan. 1917
H. T. HÜRDMAN,
Sep.-Treas. Co. Pontiac.
* long and patiently awaited
I
TAILORING
> two ago there was considerable talk i: the Opposition refusing an extension d |‘arliamviit and comixlliug a general lo tion, then' is
Frank have

We keep a good line of Serges of fancy patterns always in stock.
now a growing ltelief '»•»! njM»n reports from all over the intiy. that the Liberal leaders will
a

>
1
m
shrink from throwing the Dominion i* to the turmoil and chaos of a contest ? ‘ the polls, and that the session will be ppily free from the petty bickerings odious passions which marred the berationa of the Commons last year.
There are several very sufficient tor the general change of heart.
>rst place Opposition leaders who have Montreal, Jan. 11. Fire claimed tin < entlv I teen engaged in taking the po-	in tho destruction of the Idealo-
’ r'T'T' ..................... - Bt
s*l3<	“ 1 n< found an almost passionate this morning. The victims were the
ro-ntmvnt against an election while the children and maid of Dr. and Mrs. .f. II. es of the war are la nding. Liberal	il dentist, at 1689 Notre Dame
......;T**"**
ntei with Mr \\ lit ml Laurier, Dr. and Mrs. LeBlanc were out spend > admit that the country is sick i»g the evening with friends, and h l 1 of partisan controversy, and *v^! ^u‘*r f°wr children in charge of i ?
..1 reason fni believing that £1am1 1,1 clilvri> x nt’ Mme. I
with the exception of a few of the most le.litant, partisan type, they have pretty
ne rally advi>vd Sir Wilfrid that it| Chrismas Exams.
will lx? both good politics and good pat notLsm to again accept an extension,
-»n»l to help despatch the country's business at the
£

V
t.
/
h
%
having planned to blow up plants in the I nited States and Cbnada, steamships carrying supplies to the Entente A Hit railroad bridges, and military trains.
9.00 to 11.30 beds, clean rook, wash dishes lunch.
12.00—	Lunch
Frank.
1.00—	Start Minnie and back to work.
1.30—Wash dishes, mend clothes 'ntertaln father’s
Fix furnace, make rooms, sweep parlor, feed hens, get
t

I
1
1
\
I



for Minnie and
\
tmi
Also Overcoats, Caps, Sweatercoats, Underwear and Heavy Pants.
reason
Five Lose their Live in Fire
K. T. Hoik.INS,
Sec. -Trea
Frank
In tin


% >
mother
press
Frank’s suit and neckties, feed chickens, fix furnace, discussion with gas and coal man, prepare supper.
Tenders will Ik* received by the un	4.30—Mildred and Henry home
dersigned for the following lots' of mini- fronl 8ch°o1- Get Henry a change of s.Iuares 8xs inches, and 2 thirds of ,!othf'a- eet lunch for Mildred and cedars must U- Hi feet long ; the other “en.ryù help Mildred with studies. ;
to'^mumh U U,l<1 H fWl *°"g "" i5 ^30	30—Supers for father.
1st lv! :Uhhi feet at Uurbci's hill, ith '"".o'o—*Get ^AHnnle
Cedar Squares Wanted
JPV R
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
I.**h
\
vd
and Frank
' iKfxKioir:	e	tressed for	evening, fixing hair. tic.
ft. at Brown*'	mill	or	iress, etc.;	also get father dressed
Elliott’s corner ;	and started	to lodge, finding every-
7t>00 ft. at Hhawville.	-hing for him.
Ml to lie delivered before April 1st, ! 8.30—Wash dishes, lock up chickens. wind clock, etc.
9.00—Put Mildred and Henry to

r
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
2nd
lid
next
District Schools
Tenders t ( \ - lai s
Ruby Sec.-Treasurer by lu o’clock, February 4th. 1917.
| lie marked H Tender foi uul to lx? in the hands of the
bed
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
9.30—Retire after • getting lunch ready for father, Minnie, and Frank. —Life.
tirade \l Sadie Hudgins Palmer.
coming session as expedi dv and unanimously as possible.
Doors, Sash,
Lumber, etc.
tirade \ —Gertrude Hudgins, tirade IV Allen Judd, Marcella Hud Kins, Mellsirne KUiott, Garnet Hudgins, Irma Belsher, Viola Palmer.
Grade III Luuis Judd, Pearl Hud gins, Winson Hodgins.
Grade II—Clark Hudgins. 1 kit
Dressed
K T. HOGGINS,
Sec.-Treasurer,
Municipality of Chirendoi
THF, NATIONAL SPORTS
Splendid Trihulv Ê aid to Hockey and Lacrosse by an Officer,
The following tribute to Canadian
What the Allies are Fighting
For.
FARM FOR SALE
' mmarized from the reply of th< En- B< lshei ente Allies to President Wilson’s Grade L jr -Kdim Hudgins. Artie jute in which he asked for a state-j Judd, Marion Hodgins
Tient from the belligerent powers as o their objects in continuing the war.)
The farm of the late Noble Armstrong ®P°rL particularly hockey and la-containing 100 acres, being Lot Hi a on cro88e. the national winter and sum the nth range of the township of t'lar- nier sports of the Dominion, is con endon. This is one ot the best farms in tained in one of the latest books tho township -a fine loam soil and (The Red Wateh) dealing with the
t;	cjrrwVkTze
* • -,	,, ,,	,n* f°r its subject the doings of the
Russell House. Shawville. First Canadian Division in Flanders:
The work of organising and equipping the Canadian Imperial battalions for overseas service was taken up with great vigor by the Minister of Militia and the officers of the department. Owing to the influence of
: Custom Sawing*.
J Above, Teach
* The restoration of Belgium, of Her bu and of Montenegro and the indem roties which are due them.
Clarendon Council
We Can Supply You
The evacuation of the invaded ter-1	„	, Miaw ville. Dee. 4, 1916.
r,lories of France, of Russia and of Ru-L, Legular meeting of the Clarendon T &nia, with just reparation.	tonncil, held this date at 11, a. m . in
«	. .. f „	Hynes hall.
ilike upon the principle of nationalities, i>;lirir \v r n.iriM,,.
* " *** "*ht- ; l;ivh »"	wbetb,-,	Minute» .if la-t meeting read.
«nail or great, have to the enjoyment of t Hi.lgin» took hi» neat.
full security and free economic deeel Motion Conns. Barr and Bean •liment and also upon territorial agree- That th, inimité» of la.t meeting he • •¦"t and internal louai arrangement» so adopted, ivscinding motion of conns, fr.uued ax to guarantee land and sen lWrr |;,U1 rt, v,.tillg hy I .allot, rontiers against unjust attac ks,	Carried.
“ The restitution of provinces or ter- Motion -Conns. Elliott and Hodgins r ‘ ‘ries w rested in the past from the —That no logs lie left on roadway north Allies by force or against the will of or south of Stewart Hodgins’ bridgi i heir populations. The liberation of Quyon. Parties doing so will be held Lilians, of Slava, of Rumanians and of responsible for any damage uowd Tcheeo Slovaques from foreign domina-1thereby.- Carried. t#< m
. . WITH ALL KINDS 01'	. .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Your patronage solicited. ,
Articles for Sale
The following article* are offered for
n!«rgai." ¦	.	¦ .	, the churches the be.t class of youth
I o. t i1 U|ui|'inent, con*i*tmx of in the country came forward In large
GO lock boxes and HVOrull Imxe*. Will numbers. The clergy appealed to the lie sold in section* if desired.	athletes that had been trained in the
1 Taylor Safe medium sire in good gymnasiums of the Y M C A., and
the ranks soon contained a large sprinkling of Canadian lacrosse and hockey players.
"It was afterwards to be shown that the manly and strenuous native Canadian sports, lacrosse and hockey, practised by almost every boy In the country from the time he is able to walk, are of a character admirably suited to produce bold and
Mot ion —Count Elliott and Bean —	” w " * 9 w	courageous soldiers. Boys who have
The enfranchisement of isolations That John Brown's work reported on by	RAILWAY CO b**n SCCU8tomed to handle lacrosse
subject to the bloody tyranny of the councillor Elliott lie accepted and mid	*ock*Jr ¦H<*k»( develop arm and
Terks.	for. (Price *200) Carried	m .	*	shoulder muscles that make the
“ The expulsion from Europe of the Motion- Conns Barr and Dagg- Kouml fr'P Excursion Fares	Murine a^hot^d
8 K toman empire which has proved itself that John Palmer be paid #6.00 on road	flea	aiai .	¦ ,	sustained engagement does not faso radically alien to western civiliw work account Vamt-d.	UltclWcl	WlfltGr	I SIP	or exhaust them as It other-	i---------
Motion—toun*. Hodgma and Elliott	wise would. In the rough work of MniITTlIPITmn I
- That the following road lull* lie	Ottawa, Ont.	the bayonet charge, they keep their I g IN I M H N TV I
ia**ed :	heads, and have confidence In their I fulfil Ufflull 1 |) I
fui sasa* «mss Janulry 16 to 19> 1917	—------------1 menta p|ic«d »• p"bii=
, 111......................SSs ». gfaS	ssr BKSSSjar -
ike Finance Ministers campaign for Nhaw, #41.0# ; R H. Klock. * 00 ; Serb!	Saturday, January 3Dtli, 101, ,
footer national saving and the larger Hodgins, 7He.; Jas Judd, a.ao , D. T participation of I be general public in Hodgin» (tile) 34.1» , 8 Barber, 70c.; financing war expenditure and fnrniab Bonus and Sinking Fund , A. E. Gay
repair.
I small Quebec Heater with pipe». Apply at the Poet Office Shawvillc
ROBT. HOBBS
a. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
on
CANADIAN
h
StiAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
lion
Public to get New Chance to i
VEXMMKNT WILL ÎHMUK W»AVI!*UH
rgmriCATK*.
ly the ether man Is do miss ted before blades are
either threw up ble banda or
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORE A SPECIALITY
For particular» ticket», etc. apply t
C. A. L. TI CKER.
Agent Shaw ville.
d.
All Work Cuerenteed Satisfactory.




###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE HOLLYHOCK.
G. F. HOGGINS GO’S
ANNUAL CLEARING SALE
4 Weeklf Journal devoted te Loeel Interests.
Published every Tkmrsday
At Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
A Flower That le Intertwined WKh Our Colonial Hietory.
The hollyhock gets its name fsom two words that Indicate Its origin In the Holy Land and Its membership In the mallow family. But apparently It was known In India before it flung its cheerful banners to the air In Palestine.	I
Wherever Its first homo was, It has become thoroughly accWmuted In New England. We think of It as a characteristic Nov England flower. It decorates oar colonial history almost back to the days of Governor Bradford and Roger Williams. It Is forever peering out of the pages of New England Action and poetry. There la uo flower that more completely embodies fhe spirit of our eighteenth century romance.
Borne of the old colonial blossoms ire shy and modest, but the hollyhock has the courage of Its convictions. R knows Its beauty, as it should, and has no mind to hide it under a bushel or beneath a hedgerow, it la the province of loveliness to display Itself, not vauntingly, but with a due sense of its worth. And the hollyhock, the stateliest of our "old fashioned" flowers, aspires unabashed.
in two books of "popular quotations” there Is no reference to the hollyhock, though the holly has its fair share of space. But it can afford to be thus ostracized.
f“V RVCRIPTION, $1 À Y SA K Ilf ADVANCE
UT All Arrears must he paid up before •iiiy piper In discontinued.
O
ADVERTISING BATES.
Legal 4<iretaining, 10 cents per line for 1*1 Insertion and 5 cents per line or each ? ub-icquent Insertion
11 mi no** cards not exceeding one Inch I n eerted at $5.00 per year.
Local aummiiicements Inserted at the rale of 8 cents per line for first Insertion iind 5 cents for subsequent insertions.
Oi n nerolal advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
ivurtisements	without in*L
^XVTatîrforbw'Xn1•nd’tor f	^ the outset of the war this Store realized that we would be in for a
“n,0r^!0Qir'ri.™ and death notice* pub-	season of high prices. We immediately set out to buy thousands of dollars’ worth
j^hedfree of charge, obituary poetry	01 Roods to tide over a year or two, and to maintain our usual low prices. In this
we succeeded, and although this has bwen a bumper year, we find ourselves consid
erahly overstocked. It is necessary to reduce this surplus and we wish to do it quickly.
15th January to 26th
6 DAYS
6 DAYS
Agent Wanted!
EMPIRE SEMI-TRIMMED WALL PAPERS
(i’ateutrd)
Nationally Advertised
The Greatest Wall Paper In? Uon of the age.
A TWIST OP THE WHIST
IE1MS THE BOLL
Ho knife, scissors or straight edge required.
Paper hanging made quicker, cleaner and better
An energetic agent is wanted in this locality to show samples and solicit orders from householders.
Handsomely bound sample book# showing hundreds of beautiful, exclusive patterns are furnished
agents free.
Over 2,100 agents Are making Urge profits.
Applicants please state occupation, age, and surrounding village# can canvass, when full particulars will be furnished.
Everybody knows the situation which has existed in the markets for
the last year and a half. They amo know til it it has particularly affected Clothing,
Underwear, Hoots and Shoes, also furs. In these lines the advances run from 25 to 75 per cent.	*
- f
easy,
JOB PRINTING.
All kind# of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order# by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Now is your time to Tbuy at nearly the old prices
5Î& EMPIRE WALL PAPER
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
- CLOTHING -
co.. usure»
am .
MONTREAL
This gives you an opportunity to buy your Spring Suit at a cut price. You will certainly save money by buying now.
O
FAMILIAR PHRASES.
o. y. n. lo
K, No. 304. meet# 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. K. N. Horn*ins, licc.-Seoy.
Ht
NOTICE.
A Few of the Many Gems We Get From
Alexander Pope.
With the exception of Shakespeare, Pope Is the author of more familiar phrases than any other writer of modern times. Here are a few of his gems:
“Shoot folly as she flies.” “Hope springs eternal in the human breast.” “Man never is but always to be blessed.” “Whatever Is is right” “The proper study of mankind Is man/* “Grows with Ills growth and strengthens with bis strength.” “Order Is [heaven’s first law.” “Worth makes the man and want of It the fellow.” “Honor and shame from no condition rise*; act well your port—there all the honor lies.” “An honest man's the noblest work of God.” “Thou wert my guide, philosopher and friend.” “Woman’s at best n contradiction still” “Just as the twig is bent the tree’s Inclined.’’ “Who shall decide when doctors disagree?” “A little learning Is a dangerous thing.” “To err is human, to forgive divine." “Beauty draws us with a single hair.” “Fools rush In where angels fear to tread.” “Damn with faint praise.” “The many headed munster/1
G. G. MüDowkm.,
W. M.
I hereby give notice that 1 have ap-ixnnted Thomas 11. Kelley to look after and have full control over my property in North Clarendon, being Loto west half of No. 3 find cast half of No. 4, in the 13th range of Clarendon, for a lwriod of two years from this date.
GKO. L. CORRIGAN,
Schumacher, Out,
- UNDERWEAR -
L. 0. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Bdwabd Dale W.M.
Amticipate your needs. You will save Gold Dollars. Britain is preparing for another year of war. This will affect the wool market.
It EC,. liOlXUN#, Secy.
KOYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N. Ioann,
W. Comp. In Com
Rko. Hoixunh. Coni. Scribe.
- - FURS - -
Our offerings in this line are exceptionally good You must see them to appreciate.
- BOOTS & SHOES -
This is where the high prices pinch, and it will be worse. Compare the price of raw hides today with before-the war prices.
November 20, 11)10
Professional Cards.
REPRESENTATIVE
WANTED
at once for Simwville and District
DR. A. H. BEERS
— FOR -
SURGEON DENTIST
• Qui.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
’ Voetor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
“CAXADA'SGKEaTEST NVRSERIES"
Spring 1917 list now ready. Splendid li*t of hardy fruit and ornamental stock suitable for the province of Quebec, in eluding McIntosh Red Appi.k, St. Rrmis Kvermeabino Rasi'BKKhv, and many other leaders.
Start now.
Campbklui Bay
- MOCCASINS -
We have seen the new prices for next season. Candidly we did not buy. The prices are awful..
Terms libers!*
STONE and WELLINGTON,
The Font hill Nurseries
(Established 1837)
Toronto
- RUBBERS -
Ont
S. A. MACKAY
The Blow on the Jaw.
A man struck with any degree of force upon the mental area of the Jaw, although he may be In perfect physical condition, Instantly collapses and falls to the ground, says a medical Journal. The attitude assumed In recovery, which may be Instantaneous or delayed some minutes, Is most characteristic. He squirms about, raises his head and rolls his eyes In an attempt to locate I himself. He tries to get t>n his side and elbow; he endeavors to rise upon his hands and knees. If he i égalas his feet he staggers like a drunken man. The blow Is practically never fatal; the heart’s action is never unduly accelerated; the pulse and respiration ore normal; the pupils are ilorrnal; there Is no headache, no sweats, no cold extremities, no pallor—none of the ordinary signs of shock or concussion.
The rubber itself may not be much higher, but the other materials and workmanship will be.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
- APPLES -
A car load of Apples to sell that week
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday,
Elmside
Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thuri,
Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm • Last Monday,
of each month.
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visit Shaw ville «very Saturday
Second Wednesday,
Here is a List of Specials :
12± lbs. Granulated Sugar 5 gals. American Coal Oil 1 20-lb bag Rolled Oats
1 pkge Robinhood Rolled Oats “
8 pounds Sulphur
‘ The Best Bak. Powder “
i
D. R. BARRY, K.O.
for $1.00
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
n
1.00
•Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
ST Visits Shawville every Saturday

1.10
j	How to Be Happy.
There are two ways of being happy.
I We may either diminish our wants or augment our means. Either will do.
Tho result is the same, and it is for ?acb man to decide for himself and do j that which happens to be the easier. If you are Idle or sick or poor, however hard it may be to dlmlnsh your wants,
It will be harder to augment your means. If you are active and prosper-
dus or young or In good health It may The nole head of a family, or any male be easier for you to augment your over 18 years old, may homestead a means than to diminish your wants, quarter section of available Dominion But If you are wise you will do both at land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or À1 he same time, young or old, rich or berta. Applicant must appear in person r>oor. sick or well, and If you are very at the Dominion Lands Agency or Sub
",3e you w11 tlu botb ,n a way as Agency for the District. Entry by proxy 0	the general happiness of I may Ik* made at any Dominion Lands
loclety.-Benjamin Franklin.	I Agency (but not Sub Agency),
tain conditions.
Duties Nix months residence upon llaydon, the celebrated historical ! and cultivation of the land in each of alnter and writer, at a time In his throe years. A homesteader may live Ife when he was overcome by debt, j within nine miles of his homestead on a lisappolntmcnt and Ingratitude, laid , farm of at least 80 acre*, on certain con lown the brush with which be was at j ditions. A habitable bouse is required work upon his last great effort, ”AJ- except where residence is performed in 'red and the Trial hy Jury. ' wrote |tl nity. with a steady hand. “Stretch me no
25c
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K. G.
U
25c
2 “
AC

I
O

25c
196 Main St. - Hull.
Synopsis of Canadian North West land Regulations
REMEMBER THE DATES
JANUARY 15th to 20th
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI iTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
TO INVESTORS
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed ne Briny and Shawville every Saturday.
on cer
A Celebrated Suicide.
GEORGE HYNES
HOSE WHO. FROM TIME TO TIME. HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT MAY PURCHASE
AT PAR
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Pdrnaalittention.Openall hours.
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
Live stock may lie substituted for
°nger upon this rough world." and | cultivation under certain condition#, hen was a pistol shot put an end to lie unhappy existence.
In certain district# a homesteader in go**! standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside hi# homestead. Price |3.00 per am-.
Duties—Six month# residence in each
ri
IN SUMS OF SSOO OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF.
UNDERTAKING
Dressing the Pillow.
A little child, not three year* old.
vaa sleepy, and his mother carried hlm I °* tbree film after earning homestead o his crib, but the pillowslip had j P*ttnt » W) acre# extra cultivation, wen removed by the maid for the Pre-emption patent may he obtained an • undry. and the child, looking up be- j *°°n ** home#U»ad patent, on certain shingly Into his mother's face, said ! condition*.
>lcadtngly, "Please put a shirt on my I A «cttler who has exhausted bis home-Hllow.w	dead right may take a purchased home *
! stead in certain district*. Price #3 30
fier
Howard—Did your aunt remember i Ïhi ties- Must reside six month* œ In her will? Henry-She sure did. e*i h of three years, cultivate 50 acres Hreeled her executors to collect all the ,ln,t ***** * house worth #300.
—Puck.	I	^ ^ CORY.
Deputy of the Minister of the interior N. R-Vnauthorixed publication ef this advertisement will not be paid for
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at •ny chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
EMBALMING
HAYES A FINDLAY
MAIN STREET - SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.
t II calls will receive prompt, per
monel attention
Holder<* of ito<* will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as tho equivalent of cash. In payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue In Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Proceeds of this stock ars for war purposes only.
Remembered Tee Well
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and
stork brokers on allotments made In respect of applications for this stock which bear their stamp.
W.J HAYES.
/. V. FINDLAY
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. OTTAWA,
Holding Hie Own.
OCTOSER 71k, INC
“Stingy, lew*| her
I* an countries
Ask for oer INVEN-
Voo ve a# Id It. Why. he holds fast to
•verythlng he gets bis clutches
MARION £ MARION.
Equity ^dvt*. Pay.
?t
###PAGE###6###
BETTER Î snd give the smaller area the advantage of better working.
Time van be saved by using wider Prepared for Two Years’ War, Say*
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllfiifl I	n
the train drew IntoJ He tore It
____________ I “Rose Cottage!” he repeated aloud
It warn sheer waste of time to wait “Why, man, it’s dated yesterday! She	.......
till the train came to a standstill at must-"	; No. L—By Henry G. Bell, Agrono- disks and harrows- wider seed drille—
115lilliiSB*
loophole, took steady aim, and press- ; Beneath the bronze and grime	of	bloom in luck all oxer. An to thmk	; 100,000,000 bushels short at last bar-	There are on this globe	about	nge. x not know how long Austra-
the enemy over the way, he surveyed with a thud in the roadway, and	he	cities’of THE dead	over nine million bushels in excess of	lack.the sense of proportion,	at the	aa New Vork to cover an area the size
his companion with an answering fiercely thrust his way through the | ROME 3 CITIES^OF the dead.	^	|ngt a pos8ible ex mention of this big number, are apt 10f the United States.
eL. «1 ,h.,-dw. r :ur*r	°,er ,o"	i
me, Fritz would have spoiled me nap- ; A heap of ruins alone showed wheie	Feet Below the Surface.	Surely there is need of thoughtful moments’ thought, we shall better y,a the Cape of Good Hope, on the
per as well as me ’at!”	once his little house had stood.	As	Nature has been kind to the Pala-	efficient" farming if there is to be	know what this represents.	Orient liner Osterley, which was arm-
Bill puffed a cloud of blue smoke he stood stock still, dazed and broken.	tjne tbat lliu wllere dwelt the sliep-	food for the gallant sons of Britain)	There is in my study room	a geo-	ed with a four-inch gun at Cape Town,
from his pipe, and watched the ever- he caucht a phrase from	one ot	tne	herd klngs and where ialer rose the	and her allies, and if the	people at graphic globe about 15 inches in	and carrjed about a thousand passen-
lasting drizzle that Flanders some- bystander».	tremendous palaces of emperor after	home are to be fed.	diameter. On that sphere there is	gel% had intended to sail by the
times adds to the discomforts of war. j -£ePP* was as done it.	emperor, clothing Its scanty ruins What can be done?	marked a little spot about the size	p. & O. liner Arabia, via the Suez
He had known Jim Slater a matter of 1 "vaty. ",lllan) Blnks	had	raced	w|(h lavlgb verdure. The silence of »... ar„ «... 8Uirgestions:—	of a point of a pencil—at any rate,	j Canal, but fortunately could not get
four years—from the time they had death and agony in many forms e oblivion broods over the fragments of	, , , ,,,	5 tieg -f so small as to make it impossible to | away in time, so I escaped the ex-
become neighbors “somewhere in Lon- was very much of a man, as those lho halls where Domltlan played with ’	*	.*,/. nrobubtv lead write the initials of its name—Lake perlence of being torpedoed The sea-
ion." They had worked together, who had fought with him could test.- ,ho flpus	VallRultt ha, bed In shim- ,	In deveh^nJwA Welding Champlain-upon it. Yet whenever men	who were In charge of
played together, and when the time JV- But now for a second he had lost meril,g 8eas o{ minted coins. The thi world in d P * „Kn,i‘ harlev Lake Champlain freezes over there the gun mounted on the stern proved ,-ame they had together left their his nerve. His lips moved.	' most competent thing upon the whole	_ der the ie K°od standing room for every one themselves to be expert marksmen,
wives and kiddies, joined the Army,	Ne", he moaned. My pool pill Is the little stone altar cldseled:	* P	Dominion Deoartznent ot a11 th* inhabitants of the earth. They dropped a small buoy overboard
« ?rrxv   r,r	%- - -- - -M ESnHHsre :l v-s-rsa1 ^ ,r„v
““ *•'	¦ :	sjsx	i	i a ^ - -* •• -m,,e - *
Bill whirled upon him fiercely. I cause, if the common people knew axer age yield of J) bushel, per	gource(i; meanwhile, they have the	At that time the Osterley must have
“Keep your hands off me!" ho snarl-, whom they worshipped, any traitor Ior untano.	insane feeling that the world is	been nearing the Isle of Wight. There
ed in n sudden access of passion, could reveal the sacred name to an	II.—Sow Good Sound Seed.	“over-populated.” All our science, our was a destroyer close up on the atar-
Thcn he softened. "Sorry, oV pal! enemy, who might bribe the deity to Ontario Agricultural College baa religion, our art have not given us board bow, and another on the port
•	Them murderin’ Huns ’axe driven me	forget Rome.	shown that plump sound seed of tn@|	common sense enough to learn	how	quarter, while a dirigible hovered
¦Sarmy. And	you”—he laughed in	What a contrast!—the	home of the	common cereals out-yields shrunken	to use thorn to live comfortably	and	over the bow. Sometimes the aviator
bitter misery—“was talking about my unknown god on the pleasant hillside, | and broken seed by 23.9. Now	is	the	happily—we, this mere handful of in-	would riae to an elevation of 5,00(1
luck!”	iu the sun-sweetened air, and far uu- time to use the farming mill.	Clean	habitants on this immense world of	feet and then swoop down like an alterne ome w ith me.” repeated , dergroutid, pent In the damp chill of out the light shrunken and broken ourg	j batross to the level of the hurricane
the catacombs, the altars-often the grain now, so that seed time will find. Nor (jocg jt ]ook aB jf we ware going I deck. The (lirigible also made fre-sarcophagt of martyrs—of the stout-	, none but the best for your next	to get to our aenses before many	! qUent circles around the ship and zig-
“Thanks, all	the same. I’ve got	hearted who worshipped	the "known	spring’s seeding. Every weak, poor	generations to come as long ns	we	zagged over the boxvs to see that no
my Nell and the kiddies to think of. god.”	grain next spring xvill produce a weak, keep on muddling and blundering; as submarine was lurking in the green
I’m goin’ back out there!” He jerked Originally cemeteHes, perfectly well poor plant—will take up soil moisture long as	and vanity, lust for waters of the Channel below.
*	his thumb vaguely over his shoulder, known to the pagan authorities, these	and plant food and	will cut down your	power| the maJn inheritance of the	escort remained with us until the liner
"Somebody’s got to be paid. By remarkable vaults and galleries and	final yields.	aims and thoughts of the past, to-	reached Dungeness, and from there
Gawd, Jim, I’m goin’ to kill, and kill, chapels, twenty to fifty feet below the	III. As far a?	possible help the	gcther with some of our time-honored	to Tilbury we were protected by aero-
and keep on killin’—the bay’net for, surface, became hiding places for the	great quintette of the soil, make con-	traditions, keep us in the cold, re	planes, destroyers, patrol boats and
fait ht ul in time ot persecution. Moro dit ions right for plant growth.	lentleas grip of bygone ages.	mine sweepers in endless numbers,
than forty ot the i cities of the dead	£0j| Quintette—Humus, Drain- On the other hand, there is that “The spectacle in the Downs, where
It was a sullen, embittered man, which extend around Romo In u great	e Lime, Tillage, Plant Food. undeniable possibility that those of we had to anchor for two hours for
who returned to the battalion in the subterranean circle, have been explor	’	. . the nations which may feel peace- the nets to be opened to let us
trenches. No philosopher can tell (‘d» and 11 has been estimated by an Humus nets like a sponge, cat ®	fully inclined and trust to luck by	through,	did	not	look	as	if Germany
how a man suddenly brought face to Balian investigator that between and holding the rains an snows	4remaining unharmed are liable at the	had done	much	harm	to	British	corn-
face with intimate tragedy will be-, 6.000.000 and 8.000,000 bodies were in- autumn, winter and spring for the mogt unexpected time to be at the
lie felt no personal malice.	The following, or a similar clause, under clover, grass and s u e*	|ng Qf puei
But now it was different. His soul appears in all policies of fire insur-	a rule ( a!?II( lBI.' farmer8» esB ...
was filled with a raging hatred of'ance:	dally those of Ontario, are resogmz- Owing to the rising price of coal
the Germans-of each German sol-1 “The company is not liable for in* the importance of drainage.	and the need for heating our dwell-
dier individually. His wife and chil- losses following, that is to say: Where Gra,n rooJU ^lU	dev®lop ?n lnK8 in wlnter» the cost of fuel is a
dren had gone; he was no longer the insurance is upon buildings or water-logged soils. The xvay to make iarge item of expense to the housefighting for his country, but with the their contents for loss caused bv the , X<>ur soil * early and in the best con-	holder. Anything that can be done
savage determination of an avenger, want of good and substantial * brick ^lon for crop production is to <1 ra n	to reduce this cost without suffering
“We’re going over the top to-mor- or stone or cement chimneys; or by (,ff the "Ending water- 11 ,s dea,11y inconvenience from the cold should be row, Binke,” said the company’s ser- ashes or embers being deposited, with , to_^rops* ...	.. ..	. .	. welcomed by all. The average house
gcant-major. “The bloomin’ officer’s the knowledge and consent of the as- If 80,1 18 *our» lf th<* 80(1 ta thi.n holder has but little knowledge of the one or two men short. Says he’d like sured, in wooden vessels; or by stoves and ahe/p 8<?rrel *nd m?sa IB- a, nd* principles and application of heating, you to join his suicide club.”	or stove-pipes being, to the knowledge a^' aend taere 18 no, 8lgn clover; and there are many portions of Can-
js,— hi-smsa zs? 2=za sr r.;r zm sis
“ “ 1 r	ms=zr: isÜrfTr SsSeS
working—good seed b#d preparation much heat ia lost. This, to a great «tartiing creak of the stairs, the sur-good conditions for the young crop exten(_ ren be overcome by the use Prizing unconcern of the pre occupied to start out. Remember that high ) o{ gtorm or outside doors Better clock in the kail, ticking loudly, took-grade seed cannot make up for poorly ,ti]1 ig the 8torm porch, which allows I <"g deliberately. And then the daz-prepared land. If your wheat land, of one door bring closed before the ! *lin* H*ht a"d the well°mv roar of has not been fall plowed, turn it over other j, 0pene<l This porch may be the crackling Are in the dining-room; as soon as the soil will work well in removable, to permit of the use of all the even morp welcome smell of the spring. If the soil is heavy do not | verandah space in summer	coffee bubbling on the old black crane;
plow it “all at once ” Best clay seed- Thc radiation losses are usually of the hurried breakfast devoured with beds are prepared by plowing no more greater importance than the convec- hoy-like talk and laughter. And final-each day than you can disk and bar- tion Ag logg„ due to radiation from *F> Bating a pipe, “sweetest at
row down before sunset. If clay fur- walls, floor, ceiling and doors are de- dawn"	Vp our
rows are allowed to bake they never termined by the structural features guns, we carefully tiptoe out of the work down to mellow seed-beds. The 0f the house, they are largely unavoid- ! »id« door—having by this time to be writer has seen hundreds of acres of abje. The most serious radiation i »ure, thoroughly awakened the rest day soils practically ruined by bad loBgee are (rom windows end the sav- Hie household.
H'J***-	I Ing of beet resulting from the use of But were off st last. The long-
The soil Is the great storehouse of | storm windows is largely due to the «waited moment! Across the frost-food. Virgin soils produce big crops ,ayfr of dead a|r_^ne of the best rd lawn c°m" the cool sweet for simply the working and seeding, non-conductors- between the inner breeth of the woods. Above the clear-Soils in older sections of the Domin- ; and the storm sashes. Storm windows cut rim °[ “)• “a pomes the ion, however have not that great sup- alio prevent uncomfortable drafts. ing """• A^, fJr6m1tsr ou1t„on thp •*» ply of crop food. They must be help- j The greet beet loe, from single win-
«L Be sure to carefully protect the dowa ,, demonstiahle. A square foot U Rhootl"« ducka W* al*p rh'"' %»
great farm «.urce of plant food In the f window surface radiate- „ much *un‘- Wp	the. br.eeeh W,tk
manure heap. Ev«-y ram that washes heat „ 2%	„ f„t ^ ,n g )nch « low c an, that 1» music to our ear.
smmm mmm
light top-dr seeing of manure, or fer 10	16	, th ' f , b,„ __ are really going «hooting together
tlllsera. You can greatly Increase lr J n	again? We arel We are I They berk
your grain yield by proper manage-	and whine and bump their ailly old
ment of plant food.	« Car.ful	bead* against our gun barrels. For
“But”, you aay “this all takes lab-	M	they, too, have been waiting and long-
or,” end lab* is «arc. and high prie-	A. %"If
'-'Æ’CLt £ - Sfrzr
COLONIES READT.
V
HEM’S TO LARGER
CROPS.
familiar objects as London.
open
“ HIS LUCK.”


turn
i
grin
i


said
back
“Grudge it y'! Lumme, old pal, I 'opes you git all the luck that’s cornin’ to yer. It’s only a bloomin’ yob like me that misses the old gal Good Fortune when she’s 'anding out samples! Not been to Blighty once, an me a casualty four times! First me leg. then me arm, then the rheumatics, then me ’and! Say, wouldn’t it give yer the ’urap?” He took another glimpse out through the loophole over the sodden landscape. “An’ you, lucky blighter, ’ave been out ’ere all the time and never had a scratch! All the same, Bill, I ’ope yer luck sticks I do!”
“Luck,” was, in fact, at that moment striding through the mud and slush of the trenches towards them, wearing for once the putties and sword-belt of an officer. Moreover, for once Slater was included with his friend in her favors.
They came to attention as he halted near them, and he took a couple of papers from his pocket.

Jim
Bill shook his head
This
choice. The murderin'
merce. There were more than 100 steamships of all sizes when we arrived, and that number was doubled when the Osterley started in the long procession through the nets which are spread across the Goodwin Sands to keep the submarines out of the < hannel."
Mr. Dodge said that Americans in England now had excellent opportunity to get acquainted with the police, because they had to report at a station every time they entered or left a city. He did not believe that the cutting down of the dinner to three courses would cause any one in London hotels or restaurants to go hungry, because soup and fish were counted only as half a course each, and pastry, cheese and celery were not counted at all.
LOSSES IN HEATING
Five seconds later, over in the German trenches, they stood nervously to arms as a wild yell from the British lines went up. Jim had kept down his excitement for the length of time as a matter of discipline, but once the officer was out of sight he could no longer be restrained.
“Let her rip, lads! Lumme, Bill, I’ve got a bit of yer luck at last! Six days’ leave together. So long as ! don’t atop a whiz-bang or a pip- I squeak by IS a m. to-morrow, I’ll see I dear old Blighty again! And there’ll j be some time with the missus and the kids, ol’ sport! Talk about luck!”
Bill laid a hand on his arm.	I
“I’ve got it, Jim,” he said serious- : ly. “Of all the luck—and I’ll own I’ve i had a bit—this takes the biscuit! It’s j too good. Strike me lucky, if I don’t | think somethin’s goin’ to ’appen! I got a pre -a pre—whatjercallit

THE JOYS OF A HUNTER
Mornings
*>»*
“A permernition!” said Jim scornfully. “Come off it, cully! It’s you
see >r again!”
.	,	, ,	,	, The sergent-major— n wise and dip ,	,	. . .
»nd mv for old Blighty in the mornin', | lomatil. man . nodded assent and mov- ! i-e.omp.nse for their losses and don t you go kiddin* yourself that we ain’t! Why, nothin’ couldn’t hurt as lucky a bloke as you are! You're good as a piece of four-leaved clover!
Come an’ let’s git our kit together!”
ed on.
So the night passed. Long before “stand-to” had dawned Bill was wait-
Good Prospects
I ¦	,,	.	.	,	Officer And what are you going to
ing in marching order; a dozen times do when you get then*?
he made sure that his magazine was full and assured himself that his bayonet was firmly fixed.
A young officer passed along the tranch
Emigrant—Take up land. Officer—Much?
Emigrant—A shovelful at a time
Longer even than the historic route to Tipperary is the journey from Flanders to home, if you happen to have spent many months of a molelike existence, amid battle, murder, and sudden death. And a leave-train in France has to give way to everything that crawls.
Nevertheless, two muddy and Impa- pany. tient privates of the Line at last The officer dropped with a scream reached the base, at last transferred .—another wounded man raved in de-themselves ami their belongings to a ljrium for “Mother/ steamer, from whose decks, after an Interval, they beheld the white cliffs

“Ready, men?’ he cried
Bill and the officer sera bled over the parapet together, a mere matter of seconds before the rest of the com
“Over
Instead of Worrying
about the high cost of living, juat buy a package of
But Bill went on heedless.
In that battalion they still talk in of old England. They strained their awestruck tones of that day eyes in silence for • few moments, barbed wire, machine-gun, nor rifle- ' and neither was ashamed of the lump flre could keep the little man, fired that arose in his throat	as he was with a new dynamic hatred,
“Funny little devils kids are!” said back from handgrips with the men he Bill suddenly, apropos of nothing. ' believed had murdered hie wife and “Y* know, Jim, Pve bln thinkin.* o' ’ children. He fought like a madman, (ham—them an’ the missus. I'll bet and with a madman's luck, for when HU be a proper surprise when they the roll was called and the reliefs ar-H# me walkin’ In on them, just like as rived to take over the captured Ger-(f I'd bin on a stroll round the corner man trenches he had no hurt but a Instead of socking It to Brother Hun superficial bomb-splinter wound, fsr Lord knows ’ow long! Rare old As the battalion reached the rear o there’ll be in one appy little lines a poet corporal handed him a this wash, I give you my word I" letter.
“Seme here I” growled Jim.	“Hadn’t time to give II to you this
Certain passengers on the boat morning, Bill,” he explained, train up from Folkestone observed Bill took H In trembling fingers, for
renapiaad his wife’s handwriting. i had usually written he him every
Neither
Grape-Nuts
till hold at the name fair price.
Enjoy a morning dish of this delicious food.
and smile over the fact
C
that yoe're had a good
breakfast and

This is quite true, kewever, there
doth.»
Saved Money
Isn’t that a fair start
ËSfSBs SgS^SI®51^
he

are

“H
fir*
laetH be said
wy
"Muet 'eve.
• i
v>

written ft Wf<
that 'i
L »fid
u

e
###PAGE###7###
' FROM OLD SCOTLAND
Beware of the Cold Storage Egg 1 in his
work on food and dietetics Doctor Robert Hutchison says, “the absence of bohydratee prevent* from being in any sense a complete food." This refer* to the fresh egg—the egg with a dean bill of health. What would Doctor Hutchison say of the modem cold storage egg? At present prices two eggs cost ten cents—and the egj not a complete food l So thing must be eaten with it to supply the needed carbohydrates. Two Shredded Wheat Blacalta, with cream or milk, make a complete, perfect meal at a cost of four or five cents. Made in Canada.
SHORTAGE OF FEED

»
BloUSeS and
Skirts
Fermer* Sell Off Stock Rather Than Carry Them Through Winter.
A
j NOTES OF INTEREST FROM HER BANKS AND BRAES.
Unions the present tendency of farmers to sell off their breeding stock rather than carry them through the
mm
A. a result of negation, between enhance the arUgtic beauty of theee
“ 'fTI °"Bt0ukD r.a.,8ingt,‘8 l? b,t been seen In separate blouses. Some attached to the “Better Farming have collara ot lhe ,ame material,
special, touring the province during ^ile ^hers are trimmed with a white the next two months.	| C0Har.
The department is also enlisting the	¦¦¦¦
a
car
He
eggs
1
What la Going On la the Highlands and Lowlands of Auld ' Scotia.
>
9
fiîüH «tarn. ca#J£

CTI


The price of the 4 lb. loaf in Crieff ! has been raised from 20 cents to twenty-one cents.
The military authorities are hoping to obtain from 260 to 800 farm servants in Berwickshire.
Col. C. W. Scott, of Dumfries, has assumed the post of Assistant Director of Artillery in France.
Rothesay streets have become so dangerous owing to the darkness that many accidenta have occurred.
In two years the valuation of the Duke of Atholl’s property in the Highland district has fallen $19,076.
An outbreak of anthrax is reported from West Lothian, and a large number of bullocks have had to be cremated.
fas
CONTAINS!^
no
A L-LJ M
8 Is
me-
Guard Your Baby’s Health
I
\
The Quarrelsome Man.
“I think it’s a mistake, old man, to quarrel with everybody in town." “What do I care?”
“You mcy care if you ever want a jury trial for anything.’
.	,, . , .	. No matter what rumors may be cir-
assistance of its district représenta- dilated to the contrary from time to
lives in order to carry on an educa- time, the separate waist and skirt are tional campaign. It is felt that the
farmers will serve their own interests
best by keeping their stock even if
carrying them over the Winter is1
costly. .
Cheer Chubby Children Malet the Heme Happy
Weak, puny babies are a constant cars to tired mothers and are subject to many diseases that do not affect healthy children.
Keep your children in good health. See that their bowels move regularly -especially during the teething period. Hus is a distressing time in the life of every child and the utmost precaution should be taken to keep them well and strong.
By the consistent use of
always with us. Separate skirts are
GERMANY'S PEACE PROPOSAL
ltlaard’e Llnlmer< Coraj l#istemp:r
?
The Edinburgh Chamber of Commerce urges the necessity on the University of establishing a degree in Commerce.
By Chas. M. Bice, Denver, Colo.
The peace proposal emanating through Germany’s Chancellor, Hoi-wogg, has not the true ring, and will never be the basis,
terms upon which hostilities shall cease
was admirably presented by the new -prime minuter, Lloyd George, and which seems to have the consensus of the ailles opinion of the situation.
In the first place, the proposal for ! peace Is based on the falsehood that 1 Germany Is victorious so far in the war, when am a fact, she has lost nearly all of her colonial possessions, has been beaten on the most Important front—the western, and has only possession of a couple of small states and a small part of France which she occupied almost without resistance at the start.
Since that time, she has gained thing Important, but has lost strategic ground, and has about exhausted her resources of both means and men. Under these circumstances her peace proposal have been rightly denounced by the allies as Insincere and put forth for the sole purpose of gaining time to recuperate her almost depleted resources.
The world waited for the word of David Lloyd George, as from an oracular divinity of Delphi, backed by the dignity and authority of an empire. It came forth with no uncertain sound, and characterized the German tender of peace as an offensive act, a play to the neutral galleries, and an effort to deceive the German people and to bolster their cause In the Teuton mind.
A TALK ON RHEUMATISM
When a child d
in Greenland the natives bury a living <!og with it, the idea being that the dog should be used Dr. A. R. Turnbull, formerly medi- by the child an a guide to the other cal superintendent of the Fife and ^ world.
j Kinross Asylum, has just died in__________
I Edinburgh.	^—
Summons warnings on lampposts, etc., are being experimented with Kincardineshire, and promise to be successful.	i —- .	—
Telling How to Actually Cure This Painful Malady.
much less the
V
Great Britain's reply thereto
mechanics wanted
This article is for the man or woman who suffers from rheumatism who wants to be cured, not merely relieved—but actually cured most the rheumatic sufferer can hope for in rubbing something on the tender, aching joint, is a little relief. No lotion or liniment ever did or can make a cure. The rheumatic poison is rooted in the blood. Therefore rheumatism can only be cured when this poisonous acid is driven out of the blood. Any doctor will tell you this is true. If you want something that will go right to the root of the blood take Dr. Williams Pink Pills.
They make new, rich blood which drives out the poisonous acid and cures rheumatism to stay cured. The truth of these statements has been proved in thousands of cases through- . out Canada, and the following cure is a striking instance. Mrs. F. M. Simpson, R.R. No. 1, Blenheim, Ont., says:
“For a long time I was confined to my bed, and actually crippled with rheumatism. The trouble first located in my ankle—which was much swollen.
I thought it might be a sprain, but the doctor said it was rheumatism off«red in plain and pleated models, and advised me to go to bed so that some with Pockets and yokes and some the trouble would not be aggravated. wi?hout. A yoke which extends in I did as directed, but instead of get P°int8 over the hips is exceptionally ting better it spread first to my right fmart* Over the points are placed knee, then to my left knee, and then 1,ttle Po<*ets with flaps that are but-to my arms. The limbs were much to"ed <(***%
swollen, and if I moved them caused . Scotch PIaids and checked materials
me considerable pain. I seemed to m. two co,ors ai e used for the service-
get weak in other respects and fell off able tailored skirts, aa well as the other popular woolen fabrics of the
in R
KNCTIMRN ON t'AHI XKTH handy men on wlmil box*
i Mo,l;,, in
ALSO
hand
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup

The
A suggestion was made for utiliz- _
jing German prisoners on a mid-Scot- pRoriT-MAKINO -m:ws and jou land ship canal at a meeting of the ¦ Offices for	in pr.jii Ontario
Edinburgh Town Council.	j %%	55
Criticism of War Office methods application to WIHon Publishing Company. 78 West AdeL-ide .Street. Toronto.
I it ii ponible to avoid many childish i I illi now so prevalent.
I It if a corrective for diarrhea, colic I I and other infantile ailments. It soothes i I the fretting baby and permits the
¦	child to sleep well and grow healthy.
¦	It brings comfort and relief to both child and mother.

r
i
I
in calling up farm workers was made at the annual meeting of the Scottish
Chamber of Agriculture.	' piANCfcit. TL’Moftd. Lt Mrs ETC.
David Lawson, stationmaster at vv internal and external, cured with-
Shettleston, h„ retired, after nearly	%Y,Zn
52 years’ service with the North Co. Limited. Collin*wood, ont British Railway Company.
At m meeting in Edinburgh attended by Lord Rosebery a civil advisory committe was formed to deal with war allowance difficulties.
The valuation of Perthshire during the past two years show a decrease of $83,696.40, chiefly due to the lessened demand for the shootings.
Second Lieut. John Steel Ralston,
Cameronians, youngest son of Col. T.
B. Ralston, Haxtoun, Bothwell, has been awarded the Military Cross.
The death has occurred at Burntisland of Mr. William C. Arnott, formerly district superintendent of the North British Railway at Burntisland.
Lord Salvesen protested at the an- j nual meeting of the Association of Lowland Scots against the treatment of Lowland regiments by the War Office.
MISCELLANEOUS
i
•:
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
Makes Cheerful, Chubby Children
no-
book on
DOG DISEASES
And How to F ccd
Mailed free to es7 edlrers by the AotUor
H. cur CLOVER CO.. Ik.
Det R*Mdks| 118 Writ 3! it Street.New York
4) -Vi U a LI,
\
Ass rici's
Piaster
!
Il absolutely non-narcotic. It contain! no opium, morphine nor any of their derivatives. It i* soothing, pleasant and harmless. For generations mothers in all parts of the world have used It and millions of babies have been benefited by It.
1

When baying your Piano insist on having an
Jabot Blouse and Pocketed Skirt
"OTTO HIGEL" PIANO ACTION
Children
So/J h ell druggists in Canada and throughout the nverld
RAW FURS
It will pay you to ship all your fur to a reliable house.
We are all thankful that the nations fighting with Great Britain also rejected the German proposal with equal .	. , . ,	x <ezv
emphasis as dishonest, and not even ! *n 'vel£"t from lu6 to 110 pounds
“Willi** how durp	.	many, then it would be impossible to
your teacher that way7 %n'ttou	”aglrerate ,th?	,‘nfluenr? toward	Mabel-Did that painter	who eUin-
You can procure these pills through	know that is disrespectful ?”	democracy which	the war has exert-	ed your front door to	look	like
any dealer in medicine or get them by	“What’s wrong with it? Isn’t that r certainly,	before the war, the	mahogany do a good job?
mail at 60 cents a box or six boxes	what you tell Ma your boss is’” I	dividing line between class and	Edith—He shall never darken
for $2.60 ' from The Dr. Williams 1 Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont
*
“1 BIOTIC DISTINCTIONS.”
where you can get full market
WINTER WEATHER
HARD ON LITTLE ONES
value
and shipping instructions
Ask for our price list
I
sea
W ar Great Leveller of Class and
son
EDWARD POLIAK & GO-
MONTIN AL, QUI.
the great essentials of the conflict.
We must never forget that there are ,	. be,p was ab*e to Ket up
three first-class powers along with t*nulnK the use of the pills I was first Britain In this supreme struggle; and ab^e t0 abou^ w*th the use of a that any concession from one would crutch, which later I discarded for a be extremely dangerous at this time, cane» ant* then through the use of the from its aptitude of playing directly P*^a i wa® ®ble to throw aside the into the bands of the enemy.	cane as well, and go about as briskly
The allies art Joined by a solemn	**, *	ever done*	i fed that	Dr.
compact respecting proposals and	William*	Pink Pills	have been a
terms of peace, and It is suspected	blessing to me, and	I strongly	re-
that they regard this agreement as be-	commend	them to other similar	suf-
ing something more than a mere	!
“scrap of paper”
Naturally It Is not the so-called “humanity” of the war that appeals to them first, as It would to neutral nations.
f
H
•r

U
i
"THE LARGEST FTOHtOOf RESORT HOTEL ¦ Tiff WORLD «•
The Spirit of
at play i
An Old Quotation.
MS
J
tt.
dividing line between class and class were held to be natural, imraov- door again, able and commendable—in short, _____________
necessary for the existence of society as in Germany it ought to be..
There a man or woman was “born” Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
________ Gentlemen,—Theodore	Dorais, a
A young ensign, ter for him or her, and it also de- customer of mine, wss completely
she could and cured of rheumatism after five years All that is ended if of suffering, by the judicious use of visas distinctions really were called MINARD'S LIN The father at once taxed him with idiotic in an official proclamation of
my
SELDOM SEE

a big knee like this, but your horse may have a bunch or bruise on his ankle, hock, stifle, knee or throe!.
They muet stand together or go down to disaster
Profiting by Experience
This they have agreed to do, so the epochal struggle will go on, until militarism Is crushed and wiped from the face of the earth.
COMBING OUT ELIGIBLES
A well-known naval dignitary has a or was not, and that ended the mat-beautiful daughter. A------*- ' *	"	‘ 1 * m
no resources but his salary, fell cided the things he in love with her, and asked the old could not do.
¦¦ It was officially announced that the 8e^len'a" for ber hend-	via*» diatinctione really were called Junaau* umanni.	| v *oo« Coecenwed—eely a ttj
I;	i HÆSsS	igSgSamSI
WM early date, all semi-skilled and un- *love§ and t0 burnieh h,e brass but- however, that one is almost forced to	A- COTE, Merchant
¦ skilled men of military age In muni-j "w „	\ .	, doubt the accuracy of the translation. St Isidore, Que., 12 May, 98.
n tr.'.TLtl'Jr etjts &*?*•M —* -.r
calUd up In conwltation and agree- ! llred ^ „y f.ther-in-law for in* for helP'” ment w.th repreaenUtlv,. of the tbe flrst ten yewra, but III be han^
Government Department# concerned. if you are going to do It!"
These proposals do not involve the calling up of skilled men, and in or
Bruises or Sore Muscles der further to secure the retention
,	# . , ,	.	...	I of skilled men on work of national
logn l Lmiment quickly pent- importance the Army Council will is traies and soothes tw¥W i sue trade cards through a number of rubbing. Cleaner than muggy trade unions to their member* who plasters or ointment!, does not were registered as journeymen and
__j	apprenticed before August 15, 1916.
Have a bottle heady for emergency, j This big comb-out follows upon the rheumatic aches sad peiae, aeumlgla^ lues. | Oder under the Defence of the
Realm Act giving power to call on any exempted man to undergo a Medical Board examination. It is to be
followed %y a
ABSORBine
** î PAPi WAR* U C.U S sat v.,
Unskilled Munition Workers Called to with
Colore
or
will clean It off without the horse. No blister,
d

c
w
v
V
Me
• F. rouse. F. D F., 116 Lymsee Blé, ,
?--,
I
you
The Athletic Girl
la The Years To C
“Father, what did you do in the Great War?”
“I nursed you while your mother
was selling flags."
j
tell how you can increase your farm profits and build up your farm through more profitable farming methods, Inclining the use of fertilizers. Crops, soils, seeds, lime, cultural methods harvesting, marketing, drainage, cover crops, farm manures, rotations, etc, are among subjects discussed.
Tee Cannot Afferi to

No, that was me you heard holler-

's
it
%
. Don’t Rub It On
“Bluffem poses as a hustler, doesn't
Very Fine
A country gentleman in Ireland, having a small sporting estate to sell, reaching a conclusion that advertised It, and soon afterward a ought to be done.” gentleman
“Well, sir,” said he, “I have been over that estate you advertised, and find it all right except that fine trout
he?”
“Well, yes; he's always energetic in
ething
\ \ x
S
rr i)(im>s '/*
f KIDNEY;:
PILLS
about It
PILES.
•tain the skin.
f fit
stream you mentioned.

“It runs through the wood in the lower part of the meadow,” maid the
profitable. Our soil boohs
«g11 fesj&S:22
l Irene I ¦ Inform yourself by writing lew item.

It
s*
\ \ \
At all

< \
ii
“What! That .itUe brook 7 Why.lt
k if
vY

•t,
n f
Sloan's
Liniment
b-out of Govern-
r* c l.i

hi
T I
I Fk
I a
I am sure if you
Art.
n 15 * ,
NT
a pail of water Into it it would
flow.

Office

You dont call that a fine

am Buk
to all
wf
“Faith,” said the
. blandly,
of
”lf H
t


r\
L L *
a 7.
ISSUE 1-17.
it is
th*
ii all sill”

###PAGE###8###

When you want the beet value for your
. money In ..
THE MARKETS.
The Sùawville Boot and Shoe Store
When you require Printing:
call at
8HAWVI1LE
SHINGLES
Flour per barrel I9 60 Wheat, pet bushel, $1.35 to 1,50. Oats,per bushel, 60c.
Beans per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 35c Vota toes per bug. 1.60c,
Kggs per dozen 40c,
Wool, washed, 48c.
Hides per 100 lbs. 15.00 Veits 1.00 to 1.60 each Horae Hides each 3.60 Calfskins each 1.(0 to 1.25 Veal Skins, each 90c
I
at $1.65 per M and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring Knd Matched Hardwood Floor Ing. Mouldings Doom etc try
A. F CAMPBELL,
BOX 55

THE EQUITY OFFICE
EIGHT-DAY
Bargain Sale.
Artiprior. Ont.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
Patriotic Fund, Shnwvillo.
Since the canvass in September 1 have forwarded to Sir Thomas White, Treasurer ('an. Vat. Fund (up to 31st , Dev.) $900.00. About $1§0.00 is over rhe following» re last Saturdays quot-1 clue from monthly subscribers, and this
"	~~	| s
Butter, in prints 40c to 45c Butter in palls 40 to 43c Kggs, fresh, per dozen fO t o 00c Votatoes per hag, $2.00 Pork pel 100 lbs $14.00 to lH.uO Beef, per 100 lbs, $0 to $12 Oats per bushel 70c Hay per ton 10.00 to 14.00
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
We have some Broken Lines of Stock in
is a hint to the good people to pay their promises
I have also forwarded $200, the first instalment of the vote of the Municipality of Clarendon, the official receipt for which has been given to Mr. E. T. Hod-gins, township secretary.
Men's, Women’s, Children’s Footwear,
H «
OTTAWA
W A. Hodoins, Treas. Vat. Fund
WINTER FAIR
which we will sell at reduced prices
THORNSY
WANTED NOW
for Eight Days only Jan. 12 to 20th inclusive.
Jan. 10. Mrs. Acton, daughter, and
Astssafiu-jsstssft
sell fruit trees, ornamental trees, dower- Miss Lottie Robinson was the guest tug shrubs, roses, etc. Good pay weekly, of Mrs. S. Maxwell ou Sunday.
Outfit free.	Exclusive territory. Miss Lucy Robinson, who has been
We have over 600 acres ?b*enl for 801,10 limc* ,IM lvtl,rno<1
home.
of the finest varieties of fruit and orn«# Mrs. T. Colo was a visitor at Mra. J.
= whi% w;'Æ,r«.%b^'^ Robin*»’- on Monday ; also Miss K. only sold. Established :ti> years. Write to ( ole.
Howie Hall, Ottawa
January 16, 17, 18, 19, 1917.

As this is likely to be the last sale of Boots while present prices prevail, make it a point to see our bargain tables.
$16,000.00 Cash Prizes
M iss Clare Colo was the guest of her aunt, Mrs. S. Maxwell, Sunday afternoon.
J. Robinson is hauling wood to Camp-11# Hay.
Miss Bell Atkinson visited at Mrs. J. Robinsons during past week.
Mr. Allan Smith held service in the
FKLHAM NURSERY CO Toronto.
Large List of Poultry Specials Entries close January 5th.
Single Fare Rates on all Railroads
Bull Astray.
P. E. SMILEY.
Strayed from the premises of the un dersigned on the 13th range of Onslow,. during the past harvest time, a red and Mvth. church Sunday, at which there white bull, 1 \ years old. Information waK 11 attendance, that will lead to his recovery will Ik* Quite a number of the boys have gone thankfully received by	| to the lumber vamps
Local and District.
Frozen Grain in Feed Oat
Grades
X
JAMES G. YOUNG, 1Î. It. No. 3, Quyon, Que
For Prize List and Information apply to Secy.
Another donation of one dollar for the Soldiers Tobacco Fund received last week from a lady, who does not wish to have her name
published.
Mo t farmers and many local grain dealers do not fully understand that the t.-rm Pl-.nIIii (.fin ml	NOTICE	I	Oltawn, lltli January, 1917.
(trade» ol onts, its No. 1 1*«•«•«! oat-,	Mr. Editor,—I liiiu* been asked l>y
! implies that the oats have been | wish all who owe me would call at my Major Van Allen to raise some rein-
ÏS'JKlSs'iSl,; ?r«,l,n.4awvme »"d W,tle — fom-t,,cuts for Forestry Battalions,......I
as for example No. 2 Canada	'v ARMSTRONG N. D. I thought that ,Kwsibly some of the boy.
Western oats, mean that these	Montreal. Que. I used to know in your town and the
oats are sound and suitable for ------------------------ surrounding country, who ran swing an
milling purposes. Frozen oats nt t ,-ivo n, tvn nirits axe, or pull a crosscut saw, or drive a will not germinate satisfactorily,	uliad summers. | team, might like to come along and m
Another Fifty—Still another so only the official grades No. I	i thb way do their bit, in case they did not
fifty cents for the Canadian and No. 2 Canada Western oats Member of the Prince** Pats Able «ee their way to joining a lighting regi-Soldiera’ Tobacco Fund, conics arc accepted and separately binned	to Return to Business.	ment.
from Mr. David Park, of Sioux	for seeding purpose* at tliu Gov’t.	Lance-Corp.	A.	G. Viets, P.P.C.	; It is just as essential that pit props
Falls, S. Dakota. As the donor	terminal elevators. Large mianti-	it is onc o(	thp	p amdinn Rnidlerq	trench shelters and bridge timbas L*
rJî'ÆM-rrr -	z k?Ks & £ ::tr: «
them while they are waiting tor	da for seed pur|>o*es and both far-	Possession of eight	in the eeivtce of	ratt.g „f ,,ay timi allowance arc the same
the Huns to show their noses over	mers ami dealers arv well advised J	the Empire.	Mr.	Viets joined the	as f,,r the fighting men	¦
the brink of the liiM beyond, to guard against the use of even ITiTrT^ss Pats in Calgary, and was [ should lie glad t Home of the	boys	alluded	to	will	Extra No.	1	herd	oats	tor	seed	onn	of the original immortal hand	lx»ys who oomo to	the city, and if there
have a chance of leading this item,	unless a germination	test	is	first	who	wont into the trenches on Jan.	i* any information	1 ran give them and
and no doubt wil mentally thank made. I he Canada Western h, 1915. He bad a premonition of t he v will drop me a card, I will lie only Mr. 1 ai k that he has not tot get ten grades, however, ran he counted the catastrophe after two months, t(MVi,ha^l to write them fullv
sinon he resided here.	__________________________ filled 1.1, eyes with Band and Bent !""""" "< 1 v 1 " bw	“ f”
him	to the hospital for two weeks,	the other brancW	of tfce service.
On May 2 he left the trenches for the	^ would thank	you, Mi. Edttoi, to
last time in I he arms of Jack Mun- give publicity to this letter in your v.il-
roe. former miner, former pria* fight- liable pa;sr, and I feci that it will reach
er, and former mayor of Elk Lake, many of the I toys who would like to
wounded by a mortar bomb. He know about this. .
emerged from a long term in hoapi-	Yours, very sincerely,
taj wtth the light of day extinguish-	Skrut. Mooriikad,
cd for all time.	In charge Recruiting,
At St. Duhstan a Hostel for Blind-	Pontiac County,
cd Soldiers and Sailors in London,
Viets met Lieut. E. A. Baker, of the 6th Field Company, Canadian Engineers, who had also lost his eyesight in Flanders
th*y studied together the Braille alphabet and other devices which give to the sightless a measure of independence. Together they became as-
I !¦¦¦ I I	sociatf s of the Canadian Free Lib
The following article* will be sold at a rary for ,he mind, and since their sacrifice in order to clean up :
1 Doherty Piano—new ; also two new Single Buggies and one Exprv.s*. Prim rose Cream Separator—new.
Chance to Join Forestry Co
WM. SMITH, M. P„
W. D. JACKSON,
Last Thursday and Friday were the coldest days of the year, the mercury in some eases, where the thermometers were fully exposed to the rigor of the atmosphere, dropping to 25 and degrees below zero.
President, Columbus, Ont.
Secretary, Ottawa, Ont.
HAY WANTED
I am prepared to buy any quantity of good, well-saved Pressed
any of the
i $ srt
Hay, • delivered at Shawville, or other convenient points on rail-
Highest market price paid.
Mr. K. K
Double Misfortune Holt, of Lady- in i t li, while operat ing a planer on Jan. 3rd,
«•d the loss of the third and fourth
. In Au-
way.
Col. William F. Cody, commonly known hs
noted neout and Indian fighter, died at Denver, Colo., oil Wednesday last.
The monastery, guest house of t he Ti a pi at Oka, Que., were totally destroyed by lire during Christmas week. The buildings were comparatively new, having been completed about 10 yea i a ago.
“Buffalo Bill. . the
sustain
G. A. HOWARD.
fingers of his left hand gust last while working at the vame machine, he had part of the thumb and three fingers of his right hand severed. The sum total of the accident# met with leaves him with one thumb and three lingers only. Added to this while he was in Shaw ville on Jan. Oth, having his hand dressed, he had the further ill luck of losing the sum of eight dollars one live, and either a two and a one or three ones—he is not sure which. Any |>eroon who has found a roll » f money answering to this description, will know that Mr. Holt is the likely owner, and if they hand it in to this office, it will be restored to the owner.
chapel and >i-t Monks
SPECIAL OFFER !
The less tenderness n man has Ip his aaturo the more he requires from otk-?rs—RaheL
For several months
I
ONTARIO DEAREST PROVINCE.
CLEAN UP SALE.
During the remainder of January we are offering the following reductions on Clothing :
lO p. c. off all Men’s and Boys’ Blue and Black Serge Suits.
20 p. c. off all Men’s and
Boys’ Tweed Suits and Overcoats.
Some early and get
the best selection.
Workman'* Weekly Outlay for Necessities $15.01 in Heptember.
The Labor Department’s October publication of the cost of living figures show* that the average weekly budget of a workingman's family, for staple foods, fuel, lighting, and rent, had by the end of September risen to $15.01, as compared with $14.63 for August last, $13.67 for September of last year, and $13 for September of 1911.
The average is made up from prices obtained from sixty cities in Canada, and the Items included concern practically only the essentials of very plain living. Nothing is included for clothing, doctor bills, amusements, church or contingencies.
return to Canada have been elected members of the board of directors of that institution.
Mr. Viets is a native of Digby, Nova Scotia, where two of his ances-| toi8—father and son. United Umpire Loyalists—were successively rectors of that little town in the days of its first settlement
(i. A. HOWARD
The Board of Railway Commis-s ion era have decided oil a drastic move ; they have used the wide I towers with which they are vested and have caused the cancellation of hundreds of passenger trains all over the country. It is a necessary course to meet uii-
i * ' H'^KtÈÊtÊÊÊÊÊË
been congested all over Canada and among other things munition supplies have been held up. As a eon sequence it was decided to cut down the |wis*enger service very greatly and throw the facilities thus released to the freight end. Thi* move offers a probable explanation for the cancelling of the “mixed” train on the Pontine line.
Public Notice.
There is In the
1 hereby give notice to al! partie* in-1 possession of the family of the tcreated that I will lie at the HreUlaft writer of this note the manuscript Hotel, Ladysmith, on Monday and Sat- of a sermon preached—for the first unlay of each week, until further notice, time—In Trinity Churrh^eaMforfc, for the purpose of receiving taxes, and % Jiev*	Viets, some time about
tranaacting othy	| >;™V «‘d	' TrlnltT"CtaJk.
1HU0. J. M<l\Ll*	New York; Trinity Church. Digby,
Nec** Lrta,pJrtr’	and Trinity Church, St. John. N.B.
n. 1 borne.	it might very appropriately be
preached any current Sunday, for. In the old rector’s quaint phraseology. it is inscribed “Sermon for the Twenty-first Sunday Past Trinity.” and its subject Is “Gratitude.”
!	Lu"d"'	..J.T.V»’	sss
:	sr *. xiaw,.	ss^srs itv,
^	I left them their strength, thqjr whole
I	M. II. 14 disk Harrow,	bodies, their reason, and they are
I	IVnival Walking Plow, No. t,	thankful for the work of such men
I	Royal Favorite Cook Stove,	as Sir Arthur Pearson, who have
I	McClary 1 Kaunas*# Coal Htovc, I done so much for them and for
A	quantity of Building Timber, 7x9 others less resourceful than tbem-
fgrk—, Ik feet long.	Helves. They are grateful for the
All will !<• sold (heap for a quick	that there are still Canadians
1 who are willing to do srbat they have done, and they are anxious that this feeling of gratitude shall suffuse the nation, for whose liberty and every other valuable possession they and thousands of heroes have sacrificed their all, and shall make I ta presence known
Freight lias
The Increase in the cost of living for the wage-earners, on the modest scale measured by rent at $16 per month, la $1.64 per week during the past twelve months, and $2 pef week since September of 1911. If the Increased cost of clothing Is also taken into account the total Increase In the workingman’s weekly bill for necessaries will be considerably greater. Unless hia wages have gone up by more than twenty per cent, within the past four or five year# he is worse off now than he was in 1911.
Lady.smith, Jail. 4, 1917
FOR SALE
January Rod and Gun
Among the stories in the January Hod nndOnn which is now on the news-stand«1 is “The Pilgrimage,
by H. C. Haddon, “Starting tin New Year Right" by F V Williams. “Camping in the Heart of The Rockies" by K. Anderson, “The Lost Cabin Mine of Galc-has Greek hy Mike Jay. "A limiting and Fishing Trip in British Col mo bin" by T 8. Scott, “With the Oeeanograpbeta" by R. J. Fraser, etc., etc. Reginald Omnia y tributes an article on “Our Fa <4aroe Birds" to the Conservation Department and the other régulai departments are well maintained
W. J. Taylor, Limited. Publisher, issues Rod and (mu at Woodsteck,
umi	' WMHHi
Kent is the only Item which shows any downward tendency. The average weekly coat of rent la now put at $4.OS, as compared with $4.68 In September of 1914, and $4.76 In September, 1913.
Food coats 98.69 per week now, as compared with $7.73 In September of last year, $7 82 In September of 1914, and 17.13 In September of 1911
¦air
A P. SMITH.
U. R: No. 1, Maryland, Qiu
For Sale or Rent
r < 'H aveing
*dsatta	iïïSi-uï«s
n spite of his blind it St. Dunatan’s Hostel have made It Klble for him to undertake duties
Ontario la the dearest province of the Dominion for food^H8HHfl age weekly budget for the province
,ARCHIE DOVER
The aver
hoiiar, stable, benhouw and yard, well, apple trees, email fruit of different kinds -opposite Mr. D. Hodjpna l#rick y ami
THOMAS MAJOR,
Shaw ville. Que.
his studies
I» given at 89.16, as compared with
$8.84 far Quebec, and $8 66 in Mani-

toba.


