###PAGE###1###
I
O
31.00 A YEAK IN ADVANCE.
1917.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JULY 'U\,
No. 5, 35th Year

r,------
THE
Tt%e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1*74
BANK
E.teMi.h.d 1604
Capital Paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allah. VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K, W. Blackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. H kb DEN, GEN. MANAGER ..	..	I>. C. Macarow.
4,750,000
OTTAWA
M Bronches In Canada.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
$7,000,000
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,084
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George II Perlcjr.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : 11. V. Cann.
Chief Inapte tor.
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sit George Burn.
Sir Henry K. Egan, lion. Gecrge Gordon, c
General Manager :
I). M. Finnle.
W. Duthle -
FRUIT JARS
PICKLING SPICES
VINEGAR
108,966,686
Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
• e
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small find they ran be obtained at this bank, same are pay able par at any bank In Canada. The rates are as follow ^
S 5.00 and under 3.00 to $10......
10.00	to
30.00	to
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
Interest added half-yearly to Saving» balances.
savings funds, and are i or necessities of the
3c
0
Prudent people gradually build uj> i me prepared for the opportunities
RUBBER RINGS FOR JARS PAROWAX FOR SEALING.
As usual we sell only high-quality goods at reasonable price.
10
15
<!•
future
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
Keep a record of your outings, your children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have a complete stock fmm
C3T All rentals owing the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co* must l>e paid in this month (July) to R. W. H 01)01 NS, Secretary.
For Sale—I Singer Sewing Ma chine—a bargain
w. F. DRUM A. A, REID
G. A. Howard.
A Free Trip to the West will be given to any man who will engage to go with a load of horses about August 1st. Apply at once to G. A. Howard.
II^Imison
SHORTHAND “ Canada’s Best ”
U ENRY’S
” SCHOOL
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING
PERSONAL MENTION
Dr. Armstrong is spending a few days in town, winding up business.
Mrs. Dunn and niece, Miss Kathleen Knox, left for Toronto on Tuesday morning.
Mr. Hugh Kennedy, of Montreal, has been spending a day or two in town visiting acquaintances.
Miss Laura Sally, Ottawa, is enjoying a week's vacation with her cousin Miss Maude McDowell.
Mrs. Jones, of Ottawa, arrived last week on a visit to her relatives in town.
Mr. E. M Dagg, of the Merchants Bank, Orillia, is visiting his parents in town, also Miss Derbyshire, of Athens, Out.
Margaret Phillips, who has been in Montreal for several months past, arrived home last Thursday.
Mrs. (Rev.) Lewis Conley, of Three Rivers, Que , is here on a visit to former Shawville friends, and is at present a guest of Miss G. McDowell.
Mrs. T. A. Wninman, Ottawa: her daughter, Mrs. A. Trokv, and little grand daughter, Ltira Trokv, of Renfrew, are visiting Mrs. R. C. Woodley in town.
A sort of family reunion recently took place at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. McNally, Welrstead, when six members of the family, who reside in Ottawa, were guests of their parentufor a few days.
Messrs. A Dover, Ivan Thomson, and Billie Cowan left on Tuesday last to enjoy an extended motor trip, with a view to visiting some of the tow ns and cities along the St. Lawrence ; also Ogdeiisbttrg. Watertown and other adjacent ints in the domains of Uncle From ilost,cards received and to use a common expression, boys are having a whale of a time and seeing a lot of country for the first time.
Dr. McNaughton, who is summering at Norway Bay with his family, was in town last Tuesday, accompanied by Mrs. McNangh-'ton and two child
ter, Miss McNaughton, (Dietician at Macdonald College)and Mrs Lothian. The Dr. has still Ford of several years’ campaigning, and he told The Equity with an evident degree of satisfaction that he had this year broken his record of two years ago for gasoline consumption. On that occasion ho made the rim from Montreal to Norway Bay on 6j gals.; this year he did it on the even ft gals., or an average of about 88 miles per gal. The Dr. seems to have possession of the innermost secret of getting all out of a Ford that it is capable of producing.
Leslie and Thorne Mission.
The following clergymen, in the absence of Rev. I. St row bridge, will take the services in the Mission of Leslie on the Sundays men tinned below :
Aug. 5.—Morning, 10.30 at Otter Lake : 3.00, tv in., Thorne Centre. Preacher at both services—Rev. P.
W. Gedye.	, ,
Aug. 19.—10.30, Otter Lake ; 3.00, n. m..Thorne Centre. Preacher-Rev. Charles Reid.
Ottawa, Ont.


OTTAWA,ONT
%
•-J
Our instruction ia Individual, and the school Is open dui log the entire year ; you may therefore Hart at any time.
Our rates are 810 per month ; do not pay a cent more.	\
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available. Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-hanl. Typewriting, Penmanship, Spelling. English, Correspondence Send for circular
Has proved Itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools In Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Inga Advocate.
W. E.Gowlinu, H.G. W, Braithwait
Principal
W. A. HODGINS
etc
SHAWVILLE
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks St*
President
Another Clarendon Boy Falls
In Action.
Official Intelligence was received by relative# here on Tuesday last of the death of Lawrence Grant, of the - late John Grant of Morehead section, who was reported to have died of wounds ou July 5th, whilst being conveyed from the Iront in an ambulance. The deceased enlisted while at Fort William, Out., and went overseas in a draft some time ago and very probably took part in the terrific struggle which wrested Virny Ridge from the Hun invaders.
FOUND—On road passing Armstrong’s brick yard a few days ago a pair of glasses in case. Owner may have same at this office.
NEW HOME
¦
130J Sparks Street
Miss
son
Coat LosT.—On Sunday, July 22nd,
suit coat, somewhere in
Finder will
Opposite 4‘ The Citizen Building " and Bryson Gralmm's Eastern entrance
ft man a
the vicinity of Radford oblige by leaving at this office
WILLIS BUSINESS COLLEGE
iThe quarterly meeting and sacramental services of the Methodist Church will be conducted on Sunday next.
A Memorial Service to the late Sapper Lawrence Grant will be helu at Norman Methodist Church on Sunday next, July 29, at 2.90, p. in.
The Bristol II. M. Club will hold its next meeting at 2 o'clock p. m.
Thursday, August 2nd, at the Old Wharf, Bristol. Program — Study of Food*, by Miss 8. .7. Armstrong ; A Discussion on the Fall Fair. Roll call—Hints on Canning.
A Lawn Box Social will l>c held on No. 8 School Grounds on Friday evening, August 3rd, by the Murrell H. M. Club. Ladies bringing boxes admitted free. Supper will be served to those not bringing boxes at 25 cents each. A good program is being arranged. All arc cordially invited
has moved to new and LARGER PREMISES in Commercial Chambers with entrance at 13D$ Sparks Street. Everybody is enthusiastic and we have
now THK FINEST SCHOOL QUARTERN IN CANADA. A FIT HOME FOR CANADA'S PREMIER SHORTHAND AND COMMERCIAL SCHOOL.
Write for prospectus N. I. HARRISON Principal
We want to offer some bargains this month so have picked the following :
Oddfellows’ Church Parade
The local lodge of Oddfellows held their annual parade on Sun-clay evening last, and attended service at the Methodist Church, following the ceremony of decorating the graves of de;iarted brethren at the village cemetery.
In addition to a good turnout of local member*, the event whs participated in by twenty-five member* of Renfrew lodge, who motored over from the creamery town
for that purpose.
At the service Rev. Mr. Tripp preached a most appropriate and impiesfdve sermon from the text Philippian» iv : 8 ; and a female quartette of the choir rendered two choice selections with pleasing effect. A large congregation was in attendance.
on
2 pieces light colored Dress Goods, reg. 75c.
38
FOR SALE—Purebred Berkshire Hog one month old. at reasonable price Apply to Sam Horner, Caldwell, Que.
FOR SALE—1 driving horse rising G years, will weigh about KMMJ lbs ; 1 single buggy, 1 cutter and set of harness, all new and will be sold reasonable. Anply to Mrs. W. Burton, (Austin) R R No. 2.
30
C
1 piece Blue Poplin, reg. 60c.
WANTED—At once, n good strong hov to assist with farm work. Apply to \V. H. CoRRRiAN, Shawville.
the
25
Marnages
PARCEL MISPLACED - The party who found a parcel In the back of his buggy In the Methodist church shed on Monday, July 9th, which was placed there by mistake by the owner, will oihch oblige by leaving the same at G. F. Hod-gins' store.
2 pieces Dress Goods reg. 50c.
Hynkh-Hyde and Fclford-Hyde —At the home of Mr. Chat* Hyde, Huntingdon, father of the brides, Wednesday, July 11. 1917, by the Rev. J. B. Maclean, Laura B. Hyde to Janies Wesley Hynes, of Clarendon ; and Jeannette L. Hyde to Earle P. Fulford, also of Claren-(The brides are twins and for the past two years have been teaching in Clarendon schools.)
Confirmation Service
ren ; also him sis
The largest class of candidates for Confirmation ever presented at St. Paul’s Church was that which received the rite it the special service held there on Thursday evening of last week, at which Bishop Farthing officiated, assisted by the Rector and the Rev. diaries Reid of Charterie. The class numbered 38 in all, and included six persons of mature
yaaf|a
At the close ot the Confirmation service His Lordship dedicated a brass cross to the memory of the late Pte. Loren Hodgins, who died on the field of action in France a short time ago. The cross will be placed in Holy Trinity Church, Rad ford ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦H
W
15
his
WANTED—A good house maid for a family of four—no children. Will pay good wage*. E. I). Osbohnb, Arnprior.
2 pieces Dress Goods reg 30c
don
APPRENTICE WANTED-A young smart boy wanted at once to learn tin amlthlng. Apply to G. E. Wainman.
1 piece Palm Beach Cloth reg 25c
15
Deaths
rK)NCRBTECULVERTS. PIPES AND
range breathed hi* last on Tuesday afternoon, the 7th iu^L, at the age Home from the War	of 75 years. The deceased had
__ .	j I i	i«#é been in declining health for some —
Severely wounded in the left ,f A WM|ow and grown-up On July 8, 1917, the Messenger of hand by a rifle bullet during an frtmjjv HUrvive. The latter are Death entered the home of David Olm action on the Somme front early tWQ ^s-Willie and Thomas, at ! *tead, and bore to the realm of eternal Mat October, Cynl Dale, e dest son ^ouie • 7 daughters — Mrs. Prior, bliss their beloved daughter Mildred, of Robert A and Mrs. I ale, ar-	Crawford, Mrs. Lyon Lucas, ^d 17 years and six months. The «le*
mmmmm
put In a couple of mouths in a con-	IDrry
vales cent home at Kingston where The remains of Mrs. >> HI lam jbe funeral service was conducted by further treatment, it hi hoped, Clarke, late of Bryaon, who re* | Rev. Mr. Ball, of PorUge du Fort, and will render the injured member moved to British Columbia "0,rM , the deceased • remains were laid t more serviceable In the pursuit of time ago, arrived from Ottawa O» |Q	du Fort cemetery,
whatever employment he raav en- Tuesday evening for tntei ment at Thp ,|hearere wm . Oeeil EU
“ r ES-Ssfeei E ZJZ&ZS
' formal the casket.	—CoM.
A few ends of our 25 inch light colored Prints
9
OBITUARY
/
I. O. O r. Election of Offlcore.
Oflceri elected for Shawtille Lodge i O O. F.V. for term ending Dec.
20 p. c. off all Ladies' and Misses
STRAW HATS.
31,
1917
Bro. R. C. Morrison,
14 G. C. Hodgins,
44 Thom. Shore,
44 Harold Dagg,
V. 8 A Très». R. C. WWh-y.
" W. E. Maitland, 44 Guy Johncox,
44 W. J. Dagg,
44 J. L Hodgii 44 O. W. Dale.
W. F. SmHk f
44 Thus Burton,
“ W. J. Hayes,
44 Lloyd Fulford,
* Trueman Draper
“ Earl Fulford.
I. P. G
N. O
V. o
Playmouth Binder Twine.
R. 8.
War
o *
O.G
W. A. HODGINS
m
I. O
-t
H.8.N.0 L & N. 0 R. R. V. O
L S. V. Ü R.8.8.
L. 8. 8.
Chap.
arrived a few days previously were accorded a hearty welcome 1 home by our citizens generally.
no information as the lady's death.

###PAGE###2###

as if by accident, dropped her bag! upon the floor. Duke Hestor picked it! Up and politely offered to restore it to her.	I
•Til thank you to hold the bag for me a few moments, while I speak to the king/' said Pat, smiling her prettiest at the two representatives of roy-J
WÎQ
1
STÆe
dim/ifèl
'-(T _

mm
\

A
V.t


alty
“Toll the young person/* said the king, addressing himself to Duke tor, "thi.t she cannot talk to me unless
I make the appointment that she is ushered from
MASK
Iles
i
COURSE
Then see \ the palace.” |
The duke bowed low, and Vat made a courtesy
took the duke’s arm and urged him to	,
Xf /	7 r *1 n* ~ lead her from the room. This done, hood contains salts such as sulphur, sufficient supply of these vital, life-
•VOVCllZCu jrOM trIC IVlOîlOtt and they	were once outside of the pul-	sodiums phosphates, magnesium,	iron,	giving elements.	^	\
Picture PIIV of the SrtVIê ace'	>at	G natch ed the bag from the	potassium. These salts do not change Phosphate, calcium and	magnesium
*'	•'	*"	duke*a hand and fled rapidly up the in the process of digestion, hut are are necessary for bone ami tooth strut-
M	^gfgÊKÊÊtÊMI	absorbed largely in their naturalTbrm. ture. Sodium aids digestion and is a
t u rc m iJt heU(| uke ha If aloud Y, Tto Anim°l fooda 8Upply soda and chl°- n#c““ry elcmvnt the 1,lood himself, while he watched Pat disap-
¦ ' pear around the first turning of the	....	, .	. A ,	. ,	.
street .* And smiling grimly, continu- ter supply potash, lime and phosphates system, and keeps the tissues active
SIXTH EPISODE (Cont'd.) fed:	I wonder if she has the jewels which are necessary for the solid tie-jam! flexible.
'*I wi'l show you the room where the in that hag.’*	sues.	Mineral salts are found in abund-
vault door stands behind a curtain. Meanwhile Kelly had again called Mineral salts have the following a nee in vegetables, milk, eggs, whole
moment looking into the room. With bag.	As	Kelly entered the king’s pres-	the digestive juices.	health, it is important that the	diet
his hack to the intruders, the king sat ence,	the	ruler was fairly exploding in Salts «re therefore necessary	for	should include those foods	which	con-
in deep meditation. Silently indicat- a towering rage.	health. Disease results from an in- j tain mineral salts-
ing with his hand, Duke Hestor point- “The jewels are gone ed to heavy draperies that hung covered it
IN HOUSEHOLu SCIENCE COMPLETE IN TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
VA
&i) (iracx> Gnv&rd
G
Then, instantly the girl
21
Lesson III.—Mineral Suits
m

w

Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
avenue
So
lidos which arc* a necessary part of is iron the fluids
Potassium aids the action Vegetable foods and wa- of the heart, gives life to tho nervous
Your Boy A
Get
*
H
ii
Outfit
I just die-1
library! ^	°* kln« s, thJ%Larch^n%Us of'anger ' Raspberries may be vanned by the ^uld be stew H and kept are allowed
Then he drew the girl hack from the “Yes, and she’s fooled the Sphinx," cold pack method. Sort the fruit and 10 s!>oU • opening where they stood, and let the Kelly muttered to himself.	discard all the soft and bruised her- Vegetables and fruits in quantities
panel slide noiselessly into its original Rousing the guard, the Sphinx made ries. Fill into the sterilized jars and often ure stored in hot, damp, and position.	an effort to apprehend the girl, but gently press berries down with a large"*Poorly ventilated bins and under con-
ËmmmsÊS
walk. She knew that if Sphinx Kelly hour she had enriched	the	treasury of	bath for thirty	minutes,	after boiling	gardens are allowed to spoil on the
were to pick it up, he would know that the People's league.	has started.	Remove,	fasten lids	vines or rot on the ground. A morn-
again were his wits in conflict with “Good friends, my work here is securely, test for leaks, label, date and in£’s work would can and preserve the most beautiful mystery in all done," said Pat, when the wildly on- store in a cool dry place	| such surplusage for use when fruits
Pat went straight to tho meeting-	The shouting anil cheering populace	Then	rub	through a fine sieve. Me-	where flies or other insects, or rats
place of the People’s league.	followed the girl from the hall and into	asure	the	raspberries and allow one-	aIU* m,ce> can get at it. Much cereal
I am going to the king," she said, the street. She led	the	procession	half cupful of	sugar to	each cupful	food 18 ruined because it is not pro-
“in your behalf, and to do the work straight to the palace,	and	then urged	of pulp. Cook	until very	thick store	tected against weevils or other insects.
effSjf riJt'S:	tysr c°v,;	*««7^».,... ¦
STbSi as irs jist“TK55“.fasr ss.¦» «¦»»	«
hear the sound	of my voice in	this hall	monarch	jams, etc., to use an asbestos mat un-	know in life, especially if you are a
that I	can	tell	you	the	queen’s behests	Inside the palace the king heard the der the kettle to prevent scorching.	woman, is how to let yourself alone,
have been fulfilled."	uproar and marveled. He looked	To	use	bruised and soft berries:	The ability to relax, the art of being
There were wild shouts and thunder-	from his window and beheld the frail	Wash	and	crush with the potato mash-	' judiciously lazy, the tact to let her
ous applause.	girl leading his people in their cheers. er, adding one quart of water, one cup- alone, has saved many a
Then he sent for her to he ushered fuj 0f 8Ugar, to each quart of soft from a nervous breakdown. We all
lntAnt]letl!.rrrn1nr0thT'nrp,Pnre of the fruit" Brin8 to boiling point and know the housewife who nags herself king, the girl	faced Sphinx Kelly.	cook gently for fifteen minutes. Strain	'"to such a state of consciousness that
(To	be continued.)	and bottle this juice in sterilized bot-fhe cannot rest. If she lies down, she
ties. Place the bottles in hot water is continually worrying herself with bath and process twenty minutes after thoughts of tho work she is neglect-
Seal and cover the *ng*
tops of bottles by dipping into melted Much of the blame for this state
of affairs lies at the doors of the moth-The mistake is in their training of the children, especially their daughters
earliest infancy to be kind to others, to bear with them, to forgive them, to help them; bilt from birth to death, no one ever tells them to be kind also to themselves.
The woman who nags herself make herself more miserable than any one else possibly could. She can make her life more of a nightmare than any misfortune could possibly make it. If such women could learn to be kinder to themselves, them is no doubt that their own lives would be lengthened; and not only that, but the lives of those with whom they in close contact would be made far more pleasant.
1 or combination dishes. Fruits which
Teach him to take care of his shoes. No muss or dirt and in three minutes “Nugget” gives a shine that will last all day.
"Nugget" outfits in handy cardboard boxes 40c., or neat metal boxes 50c. If your dealer cannot supply you send us cost of outfit and we will mail same post free.
THE NUGGET POLISH CO., LIMITED
9 DAVENPORT ROAD
TORONTO, ONT.

Æ JU/T f POUR IT OVER 1
YOURJELLIE/
AND PRE/ERVE/
i
» -
1
y
woman
That is the end of the sealing process when you use Parowax. No papers or strings to bother with—no irksome labor with jar tops. Just pour
1



(p&roumx
PURE REFINED PARAFFINE
our jellies and they kept absolutely No mold—no
«
CURE COUGH BY SUGGESTION. I boiling starts
m
Tendency to Cough May be Overcome sealing wax
1

ers
By Will Power.
over will
air-tight fermentation—and n or trouble.
FOR THE LAUNDRY — See
directions on Parowax labels for its use in valuable pervice in waahing.
At grocery, department and general stores everywhere.
THE IMPERIAL OIL / COMPANY A
Limited	ft
K
How To Economize
v
A man coughs in a crowded room and forthwith a score or more of the Food is spoiled by careless handling others join him. The coughs that from and storing. Important amounts of small beginnings grow into a great perishable foods are made dangerous volume of sound are the bane of all or inedible because they are exposed orators and lecturers. The reason to heat, germs, dust, dirt or to flies for emulative coughing is a mystery and other insects, to the average layman, says Dr. Sad- Much milk spoils quickly because it 1er. The chronic cougher who seems is kept uncovered in warm kitchens, literally reminded to cough by hear- Close observance of the doctrine “Keep ing some one else do so is impelled by perishable food, especially milk, cool, the power of mental suggestion.	clean, and covered continuously" may
Irritation of the throat membranes make a sinking difference in the food is only one cause of coughing. Habit, bills of many families, nervousness and mental states in
duced by having coughed previously rots, for instance, not needed are all contributing factors. “Fear diately, are thrown out or allowed to attention" is certainly able to cause spoil instead of being used in soups
and maintain a formidable and annoy---------------------
ing tendency to cough. I have conducted experiments in lecturing to students which have led me to this
>
They are taught from
X
\
X\

Vv
t
17
&
can
h

I
One or two vegetables, beets
BRANCHES IN ALL
err iss
or car-imme-

come

LABRADOR PBRILS.
Jer’s hand
Strung siav Kw v: u	. frozen to death ; but she managed to
conclusion. I have delivered sixty-	‘ y' , . H ermvn Are Ket him upon the surface near her
minute lectures during the first half	Ab v to Swim*	and* although one of her own legs was
When Pat «train called at the nolace of	only two or three students Few Labrador fishermen can swim. fhrou8h thc ice» to bold him until the
she went in the name of the People's	coughed at all. Then I began to	"You see,	we has enough of the water	fame. M
league. She demanded that the king	cough myself, purposely, at intervals	without goin' to bother wi’ it when we	^ hen Ur- Grenfell	asked	her	how
should give her an audience. She was of three or four minutes. During the are ashore," a man said to Dr. Gren- a1,v dared *° K° out *° almost certain ushered into the room where she had	first five minutes of the second half	fell, the	Labrador missionary and	she replied:	'
conversed with Duke Hestor, and told	0f the lecture eleven roughs were	physician.	Yet this very man had	"1 couldn’t see him drown, could	IT”
to await the king’s decision.	heard; during the second five minutes fallen overboard in the open
aàfHsB	s.7;?«a r
tions on the wall. She knew that her seventeen; during the fifth twenty-	Grenfell in Down to the Sea, by catch-
chance might come at any moment, seven, and during the last five min-	mg a line thrown him iff his teeth and
and keeping a sharp watch on every utes sixteen coughs.	holding on until he was hauled in. His
door she gradually worked her way, There is no doubt that most of this hands were too numbed to be of any I The “pupmohilt” is a passenger the regular train service was discon-1	London's	Farms.
6eCret Pl,ne W1S hldde" cou*hinfr we> ,timulitfd uby uncon- u,e.	tr.in drawn over a regular railroad tinued. Then the “pupmobile” was Altogether. London boa.ta 18,genu-
Deftly she pushed the heart of the suggestion, although the degree of	dozily it gave way and let the boys	level land near	that town	into	the	seven to fifteen	dogs are haKed.	111 ia ur*eà in Great Britain that
rose. The panel slid back and as she susceptibility varies somewhat in dif-	through. The father, seeing the ac-	mountains.	«	and the rate at wffich they travel com-	absolute prohibition would free a
gazed stealthily into the half-dark- ferent audiences. Allusions to cough-	vident from the shore, seized a fishing	The track	is	a narrow-gauge	rail-	Pares favorably	with much of our	minimum of 800,000 tons^a year in
ened room she discovered that there ing will often be sufficient to cause a	line, hastily fastened one end round	road built in	1900 A high	tax	w»s	“rapid transit"	Furthermore it is	»hips for the oversea transportation of
gs m§m mmm mmm
bination, listening with her ear close I once attended a man who had alas, to restore life.	¦
to the lock as the tumblers moved into coughed almost without intermission There are many heroic tales of
for over three hours. He was physi- men. Early one fall the arm of the
When she had completed the speci- rally exhausted by the recurring vio- sea just north of the missionary's hoe-
fled number of revolutions, and	paroxysms of coughing. But pital was frozen over enough to allow
•topped the combination on the final during my examination a child was dog trains to travel over it number she was able to turn the knob	a
at the first attempt.
There was a massive jewel box .	..	_ ..	.	..
standing cm * small table in the center	excitement the man actually on the far aide.
of the closet-like room, and taking a ceased to cough for over half an hour, headland the whole of the team fall on getting what she was after, When his attention adverted to the into the water where an eddying tide Pat emptied the contents of the box fact he resumed coughing as violent- had kept the ice thin. The komatik Into her hand-bag. She watched \y Be before. But this singular cir- followed into the water, carrying the Mtri'.g sftcr string of pears and gems cumetance assisted me in persuading men with It One disappeared under flow into ths lather bap.	him_thut his cough was really a sub- the ice ihd was drowned. The other
2 Sties S'JTSlt
brarg. Ai she dropped the drapery tendency to cough, with the gratify- crawl out
O' r the door to the strong room, she ing consequence that x he ceased to From the shore his sister saw the saw approaching the king himself 1 cough entirely.	accident end at once ran to aid him.
"They told me to welt for you here,"	^	As she drew near she heard shouting
Ehe girl without a quiver of an	~ +	i	and saw several men pulling a boat
ihor hesitating an jjjhuL “I When planting, weeding or picking down to the ice some distance away i an!	,7iySe1f ,K>kmf vertUble»f *tc.# you can provide tern- They shouted to her te keep away f
arm tkm kina could Question her P*rary shade by tying an umbrella to the hole, but instead df stopping mb#
Master entered and &;»zed In ms the handle of a pitchfork and sticking bad the presence of mind te throw at the girl here In tbs pres- the fork well into the ground. 8ueh a herself full length on the tee and glide king. At the eight of the protector from the sun has tfce adven- "long until she got near enough With rl made a clumsy move and, tage of being movable.	/outstretched arms to reach her broth-
Already he was half

"I Will Show You the Room Where the Vault Door Stands.”
J
i
!
1
sea o
U
ALASKA'S RAILROAD

Train
on Narrow-Cuage Drawn by Dogs.
Track






place

z
run over in the street in front of his early morning two men started off to home by an automobile. In the en- croes it on a komatik, to cut firewood
As they rounded a
*
cha
D
A


1 A
has sweetened half a century with the same crystal purity that makes it the favorite to-day. Buy it in original packages and be sure of the genuine.
\
. n«

AP
>uif
“Let Redpath Sweeten it**
Made in one grade only—the highest !

It

SK3L*
10

###PAGE###3###

X
Mon in China In 1900-1, for the public | puree to be drawn on to the tune of $29,139,000; and in contrast to this it ie interesting to note that England's campaign against the Zakk Khels ten years ago, only cost the Indian m Government $286,000. This appears the merest trifle compared with the total cost of the great American civil war, which has been estimated at $10,000,000,000 sterling.


BRITISH PEERAGKfl.
Strength'In Summer
comes to the man or woman ' Noble Houses Suffer Because of Their
whose daily diet consists of
cereals and fruits.' Meat I Eight peerage» of the United King-end potatoes arc a heavy load dom ar® in„ p®"1 of extinguishment,
on the digestive «gen, The
ideal Summer diet is Shred 120 sons of peers have been killed in ded Wheat Biscuit, a food th« sixty-two of them heirs to
that is 100 per cent, whole 2%%ttt^,r%uZL"in
wheat and prepared in Û menace. Before the war's end, with.
digestible form. For break- out doubt, there will be other casual-
fast with sliced bananas or li„eB,in n°h,e families, Other threats
« s. ...	...____ of the extinction of titles.
DCIT16S, Wit il mulC Or cream. g0 B weekly newspaper declares,
“measures must be taken to continue" the peerage whose extinction is threatened. Probably there will be; the Englishman’s love of a lord is getting to lie more than a tradition and a sarcasm; for the noble houses have contributed , magnificently of their sons in the fight for the nation’s life. The Upper Chamber is an array of mourning these days, and it appeals more strongly to the sentiments and sympathies of the country than in many decades.
When a hereditary peerage confronts extinction by reason of the failure of male issue it comes within the prerogative of the Crown to determine whether it may be continued	,N COMMAND OF ITALIAN ARMIES,
through the female line. The royal	These portraits sent from Italian headquarter» by Miss Rosamond
assent has been granted in many $ioultbee. show His Excellency. General Luigi Cadorna, commander-in-chief	__ _
mimm
«WM « “-S-jSSsSëS--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Zealand, South Africa, Tasmania, and female linos, and com pa ati e y P	- the camp theatre or cinema, and some- ,ropg that are cultivated only occa-
Newfoundland, as well as the British	are	by no means certain |	times one or more of our	number	fig-
isles. Already 224 men have passed	maintenance	through the royal pre-, TWO	THOUSAND	WOMEN	ARE urea on the programme at	the former.
out, having learned one, and some-	„„„	... NOW COOKING FOR TOMMY. Two Sirl* stlare a roon». either in Miaara-s Linim.nt Cures Diphtheria,
times more than one, of the following ?f ..co“r*?’ .the L „ îk! '	.	the camp itself or in a hostel near at	....	¦
occupations:	Massage, shorthand-	n0J	dissipated	merely because the |	- hand, run by the Military	Section	of	Many	Millions in Sorrow.
2SÏÏBTÏÏKJ3S:	». 2^%%.-,o—t*. r.„....	fZ: ^
joinery, poultry farming and market	Iaw*	________   |	Pay, and	Her	Prospecta	in the	contracted to serve.	belligerents	in	dead,	wounded and
gardening.	nm.i SP vntm . nnPTMTO	Women’s Legion.	The Women's Legion.	sick at 19,228,800, and counts about
Besides the occupations learned, the HQW IS YOUR APPETITE?	We wear a dinky uniform. A jack- 5,000,000 missing. Each soldier remen master Braille and typewriting	___ I’m in the Army, and yet I’m a wo- et and skirt of khaki, with a red ghoul- presents on the average a family of
and netting work of various kinds.	| man. No, I’m not one of those Ama- der strap, bearing the letters, “W.L.,” five persons, so that the war has ^
Every man is given a typewriter as ^°88 of appetite during the sum- zona you sometimes read about, as well as a Women’s Legion band, brought personal distress to a popu his own possession when he has pass- mer	months is a common trouble,	though I do wear a khaki uniform,	chosen by Lady Londonderry, who	is	lation greater than that	of	the
ed the writing test imposed, and is and	indicates that the digestive sys-	draw Army pay from the regimental	the founder of the league, while	d	United States. And this does	not	inwell supplied with Braille literature. *em	is out of order. Lacking a	payma9ter8, work in the Army, and	brown felt hat of the Canadian type	elude the death and injury	of	nonz
Each pupil has an individual teach- healthy appetite many people—es-	jiye in a ^mP) writes an English wo-	completes the outfit.;	combatants themselves,
er. There are well over a hundred of pecially women—go too long with- man	As assistant-cook I draw a salary
these teachers, all of whom are vol- ' fo<x*» °*‘ ••f sparingly ecause |t»g a bit of a puzzle, isn’t it, to find 0f $100 per annum, with $6.60 extra m	mm ^ TWo Eyes it a UMi
untary.	food 8eem? to .dl8tf*,s then|, an< it a woman doing all these things, which per year for laundry, which Is also *1161 tll6
Of the men who have left St. Dun- no wondcr a *7 comp am a are gupp0sed to be the exclusive pre- the scale of pay for assistant-wait- mm a "tan's and have been settled at their *hey ar« fCK°nS^nt^*	a^dK una.b ° rogative of men alone. The secret is resses; but when I got promoted to M0VI6S SSiDSÎîVawiteTrwt.
sfwKSVs %= : BEE SBEE i ssststcjssraî jsm r :ar
«Swta1whteh‘2rn2l In on a high-, ”^the bIujd U growing thin *nd | “"Lrne'in Arm^dIpotJ,%Jd Iti^eM % ' ^$500^ ^yca^%ilh%D	^ilk l da^KidÏ an egg,‘and butte!
er scale than before the men were Yo*'need R ,ummer tonic and ^1 convalescent camps—there are over that I am now getting, evdn as head- on his bread, he probably get» enough
blmded'	-	-	all the realm of medicine there i. fio ' two thousand women like me who cook a far greater .alary than I
tonic can equal Dr. Williams’ Pink are ,n the ArmV, actually and truly, should have ever reached in private_
Pills Take a short treatment with *n everX aenee the word.	service. And if I can only realize my | MinanVe Liniment Cures Colds. Etc
these pill, now and notice how I I’ve belonged to the Army now for ambition, and become a superintend-promptly your appetite returns and over twelve months, and I m prood to. ent, I shall be able to put by a nice your power to digest food improves. I be able to say that I’m replacing at little sum to act as a nest-egg when
BSHS S3 ' ^ 'r:e
made under this scheme for supervis- weRther (ire3 out	I hearing that there was a acheme on ¦ ¦
flMhrouJh \htirnd«rkeenedPeiifeBnen ^ ; Th® soone[ *0U do S0 the 'ooner >0U	The 0rder of D*3
These men have given very much ^ re*aJ"	°ld ^ e"ergy’ I had to pass a medical examina- benefit
SKZSzrsr z/t1	& s, trXs	T E ^ c
Brockville, Ont.	antics called Swedish drill, I started gince and find it the 8ame as when j
as an assistant-cook, working for the flr8^ used it, and would never be with-time being under a chief man Army out ^	y
cook.	. , . . A .	.	ISAA6 E. MANN.
Every morning at six I had to be in Aug. 31st, 1908. MeUpedia, P. Q. the kitchen, to prepare the food for,-
MAGIC
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦iLABEL
I

BAKING POWDER (
Contribution to the War.
I
*
¦
NO
' //
ALUM
/

A

!
#,

zt


w
The Late Dinner.
Young Wife—I’m afraid that dinner will be late, dear.
Young Hubby—How’s that, darling?
Young Wife—Why, I ordered some macaroni, but when it came this morning I had to send it back, for every stem was empty.

?/
SAVE THE CHILDREN
A. -#


Mothers who keep a box of Baby’s Own Tablets in the Louse may feel that the lives of their little ones are reasonably safe during the hot weather. Stomach troubles, cholera infantum and diarrhoea carry off thousands of little ones every summer, in
most cases because the mother does Th< d murched g0 , and
not have a safe medicine at hand to	through their drill so badly that
give promptly. Baby s Own Tablets ^ uin shouted indignnlltl ..you
cure these troubles or is g,ven oc- knock-kneed, big-footed idiots, you are casionally to the well child wdl pre-. fiot worth of being drilled by a cap-vent their coming on. The Tablets tajn, ^hat you want is a rhinocer-are guaranteed by a government an-, o(jg ^ drj„ you wretched let of alyat to be absolutely harmless even
to the newborn babe. They are especially good in summer because they regulate the bowels and keep the stomach sweet and pure. They are sold by medicine dealers or by mail al 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
I s
W4
'

St *Æ

id


Mlnard's Uniment Cure» D Intern pee.
P
Describing Him.
I

i

¦¦LJ



«%




donkeys!” Then, turning aside: “Now, lieutenant, you take charge of them!"
Made in Canada.
*
Hi
(SEN. CADOGNA GEN.POGRO
ST. DUNSTAN’S HOSTEL.
MONEY ORDERS.
A Dominion Express Money Order for Five dollars costs three cents.
The EmplreV Training School for Blinded Soldiers ihd Sailors.
KT8CZZ.Z. A meous
/ 1 ANGER, TUMORS. LUMPS ETC.. Vv Internal and external, cured without noln by our home treatment. Write urn before too late Dr. Bellman Medical Co.. Limited. GolUno'vood Ont
sionally.
The Soul of a Piano is the Action. Insist on the
“OTTO HIGELV PIANO ACTION
%
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
t

Milled free to sny eddrets by tbe Author
Aewrka’s
Pion ter	I H. CUT CLOVER CO., Inc.
Dot Remedies 1118 West 31 »t Sheet, New York
Dr. Ferdinand King, New York Phyeirian and Medical Author Sayat
«stores.
EVERY WOMAN EVERY MOTHER EVERY DAUGHTER
NEEDS IRON
I can
Burine Eye Remedy Ce., Chlcan. Free Bee*
cook,
fat.
The men of St .Dunatan's are taught to play am well am to work. They have various mportm games and debating societiem and lessons In vocal and instrumental music. N An after-care scheme is now being
AT TIMES
To put strength into her nerves and color into her cheeks.
Rape is not only a land cleaner, but an excellent feed for dry stock.
Aphids, commonly called plant lice, are small, delicate, winged or wing-This is to certify that fourteen less insects which feed upon plant
juices, draining them from the foliage, fruit, twigs or roots through a beak pushed through the plant tissues. Con-of my hand, and tried other Liniments,, tact sprays, such as kerosene emul-also doctors, and was receiving no sion, soap washes, nicotine solutions,
By a persuasion from a etc., must be used to kill aphids.
There can be no beautiful. healthy, rosy - cheeked women without Iron. The trouble In the imst has been that when women needed Iron they generally took ordinary metallic Iren, which often corroved the stomach and did far more harm than good. To-day doctor# prescribe organic Iron — Nuxated Iron. Thl* particular form of Iron la earn! I y assimilated. doe* not blacken nor Injure the teeth nor upset the stomach. It will Increase the strength and endurance of weak, nervoua. Irritable,
imen := SHE
SË*H - '
"iirïïïïîïs =,... w.,4	»b~..*£. w ».	i <sr±sV5if.:- “
life. Conserve the woods and flow- pot» and pens are aitzling merrily, we (jay England’» lest war in South	If	u	druggist hasn’t any	freasons i	^—
ere, and especially be ready .to fight set about clwring up the kitchen At Afric. coat her approximately $976.- L,, him	to	. .mail bottle	for	you Woman Tell» How $5 Worth
sm,m££7"1 ”~XFiSïïz.“zsr. srjszzrsr.'s*.zz °»k-u-.’.
Play fair. Foul play Is treachery, hour during which we go out for a trifle of $1,185,000,000 on war In the time	Made	Her	Well.
Be reverent	walk	to gat fresh sir, If fine. or chat #bert Interval since 1895. Russia,
Be kind. Do at least one act of under the veranda if it is raining. however, In the fifty years that began unbargaining service every day.	At	a quarter to twelve we get the th* Crimean war and ended with
Be helpful. Do your share of the dinners out of the ovens and coppers, the war against Japan, spent $1,676,-WOrk.	ready for the orderlies of the messes ooq,000 sterling on fighting, and lost
Be joyful. Seek the joy of being when they call to collect them, and 654,000 soldiers' and sailors' lives in glive.	by noon every scrap of food except the process.
dinners—has di*#u • * i jn recent times the most expensive from the kitchen. Follows a little war# excluding .lhat in South Africa, more clearing up, and at half-past twelve we dine.
ar
S»
\
/
y


YES ! LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
means that they are placed in a position successfully to fight their stem battle against so terrible a handicap as the loss of sight.

Cincinnati man tells how to dry up a corn or callus so it lifta off with fingers.
A GOOD SET OF RULES.
Boys and Girls Would Do Well to
Follow Them Out
By a Frenchman’s invention as a language student hears a word spoken by a phonograph he also sees it appear on a printed roll in conjunction with its translation in his own tongue.
be
with
Of
It te disvueed by all
Instant
Postum
BROKEN DOWN
IN HEALTH
A table drink that has taken the place of tea and coffee In thousands ok Canadian homes.

Little Son Was
A Pititul Sight
Lima. Ohio. — " I was all broken down health from a displacement One of my
lady friends came to
In

“There’s a Reason”
vised me to com-
mence t .1 king Lydia E. Pinkhsm's Vegetable Compound and to use Lydia E. Pink ham’s Sanative Wash. I began taking your remedies and took $$.00 worth and in two months IHIHmHHIiwas a woman after three doctors said I never would stand up straight again. 1 was a mid-
our
was the comparatively small affair for the stamping out of the Boxer rebel- Whh Ringworm Which Ttimed to
Frerma- Just One Mass. Cuti-Complctcly Healed.
I Religion, history and nature eon-ijl spire to make the Jordan the most I famous river of the earth Across it I the hosts of Israel were led Into the
H* I Promised Land; in its waters the1 noon and the other half prepare the ft’i	I	Christian rite of baptism had Its	food	which Tommy will have	for toff*	I	birth; up and down lie valleys mny	morrow morning’s breakfast,	and see
civilizations in the morning of history	that	the water Is boiling for	tea, and
rose and fell. Perhaps the strangest	that	any little luxuries, such as bloat
thing about this famous river is that era, or an occasional steak and tom# none of the ancients ever guessed toes, and that sort of thing, is cooked that Its mouth was below the level of and hot by foer o’clock, the see. It was not until 1874 that The evening, sflff baa has been
M
A Dinky Unif Half of us are off duty in the after-
T«
vSW\\

cura
My little son.
ringworm on «¦¦¦ scratched it so that it turned to eczema.
It then spread to hUÉ^ÉBIiH 1 leg* and head. It was just one ma** of corruption and it made my heart ailtc to see him scratch; he would just tear himself He was a pitiful sight.
read about Cuticura Soap and Oint ment. By the time 1 had used the second hoi of Cuticura Ointment with the Cuti cura Soap he was completely healed." (Signed) Mr*. R. H.Teschey, R. R I, Waidcmar, Qm., December .*>, 1914, Cuticura Soap daily for the toilet1 m«l Celkura Om -nt a* iv i l prevent pimples, blackhead* or other e nipt Iona. For PW Sample Each by Mall ad-
h
r DODDS
J KIDNEY
&, FILLS
VM | -
L % \. if,
three years old, took left arm, and he
) * dj
• «
P
the Vegetable Compound v>
to take before birth and efter-Pl i, and they all got along ee nicely that k surely b a godsend to so/Tering women. If women wish to write t# me I win be delighted to answer them.,e
I —Mrs.Jenntr Mores. 842 E.North St, Lima. Ohm.
Delightful flavor Rich aroma Healthful Economical

sounded off, and the kitchen c : > up, le our own. We have half a da fa leave each weak, and once a month a
ee whlA, i periodica
accurate measurements ware made
1292 feat below the Mediterranean
’teTSOtZSi
full dey. beeld

1 leaves.
:é,
too, go for the same length of time, again taking K in hatches, aa there
In th« kitch-In camp.
1 dull by any means, KD. 7.
Manufacturers of artificial butter In Europe are now largely using oil pressed from copra, which la the dried
I ment*, weakness, irregularities, voutnesa. backache, of g
must slwsys be

aimed in I.wla Compound
t of cocoanuta, instead of animal
Pinkham’s Y* y t •*
ISSUE
17.
Our lift
fat.

\
###PAGE###4###

NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
j land of infinite detail IMPORTANT TO
cut ion of the war must largely depend. Japan*## Farmer# Produce Severe*
1 desire to say on Whulf uf the Govern-	Crop» In Small Space.
. ment that there need exist no upprehen- Japan might well be called the land sion on the part of the public tliat any of Infinite detail. Perhaps nowhere on f action of a detrimental character will at earth may one see detail carried to any time lie taken with respect to the| such extremes ns in that laud, where savings of the Canadian public
the contrary, it will be the policy of the I must be made to yield every possible (Government in future, as in the past, to! return, l'anns of one or two acres
.......... -*>»*.	™ :::r	sSSr^S
1 t limitai tin * oui I in nathmal savings which have enabled | soil being fertilized and handled in
euch a manner as to bring results in
xv its third reading before this | prove her economic position during the I every month of the year.
war.	I One peasant who obtained some over-
Xny taxation to which it may be	flowed land tyrued what lu this coum
necessary for the ( Government to resort	try Would be waste ground to profit,
without	much	delay.	The	imprvs>ion I fr<>m time to time will lx* in avemdanve	Converting the marshy overflow Into
exists, however, that	no attempt	will	be | with legitimate and established forms	ponds, he bred and raised snapping
of taxation sanctioned by the tradition	turtles, which lu Japau are considered
and experience of British self-governing	as much of a delicacy as diamond back
communities. This statement, there-	terrapin here. The farm now produces
fore, must not la» understood as prcelinl-! tens of thousands of the snapping fur-| Ontario Literals, fing legislation providing for income tax- [ ties annually, these being shipped to
at ion upon those whose incomes are such Tokyo iad Yokohama markets by tbo (and thus he in a i wait Ion to make a very substantial saving in the t" ip .L'	equitable that I ton.
to follow the loader j (In,y should contribute a share of the I Japan has also a pearl oyster farm.
In the bay of Argo there has been established a plantation from which a harvest Is obtained.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, JULY 26, 1917.
o
FARMERS
O. Y. B, LODGE, No. 804, meet* 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
¦¦¦¦I
Rec.-Secy.
The name of the Royal Kamil) Great Britain has been changed by Act of Parliament to the House <*l \N indsor.
G. 0. McDowell, W. M.
On every available square foot of sol
Fanners who are xlooking forward to purchasing
I,. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each mont li.
Edward Dal*
\\\ M.
Binders For Next Year's Harvest
Hku. Hoixmia Secy.
nome resjiects, pa
iniltee stage on Thursday ami will likely t’amula to maintain her credit and ini
are strongly advised to place their orders at once
and Accept Delivery This Year
in order to take advantage of current prices. If they wait for delivery next year, their Hinders will
cost from forty to fifty dollars more than 1917 prices.
8VM <
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
II. N. Hoixjins,
W. Comp. In Com
Run, Hotxnwa, Com. Scribe.

papt'r is issued. It will then go to the where it is expected to pû*s
tt
Shingles for Sale.
A ear-toed of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for wale. Apply to
H. T. ARGUE,
Shaw ville, Que.
enforce it till after an apical t< le has lievn made.
I
math


I
It is very important that intending purchasers should know this,
ii renet
held at Toronto last week, it was <h
à
FOR SALE
cost of a New Binder, lint there is no time for delay. Von must act at once to he ott the safe side. I may add that all companies will he affected the same, with regard to the advance in next year's prices.
cided by résolu
>}iip of Sir Wilfrid Laurier in the dec | war expenditure of the Dominion unpaign which that gentleman practically initiated in his speech House against extending the term of 1'arliament. Some of tl opposed Sir Wilfrid's stand on the eoi
30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
IL W. ItODGINS,
Shaw ville
t
I
!
In May or June stones weighing from six to eight pounds are sunk In shallow water, and in August the tiny Report Of June Exams, [shells begin to appear on them. The
stones	for two
since the young oysters cannot endure cold in November all rocks in leas than live feet of water arc moved farther out, where the température Is more even. At the end of three years, when the shells are about two Inches across, they are taken from the water, nuclei for pearls inserted in them and replaced In the water, thirty of them to every six square feet of bottom.
There they arc left for four years. Then, being seven and a half years old, they arc removed and searched for pea rls.	.
Shawville Academy.
R. J. HAMILTON
I
CLUBS.
Literal
J
MASSEY HARRIS AGENT.
ription i><uv, just a few days pvc y lu the Ho vim
whilst they are fully uli\ that it is through hi> opposition to eon* .v.-ription that he expects to enlist the support of a solid French-Canadian vote, yet for purely partisan purposes they show their readiness to accept that situation by pledging him their allegiance. The action of those Ontario Literals i> certainly a puzzler to many <*ther prominent Ontario Literals who hold entirely ditto rent views as to their main duty towards the state at this momentous stage of its history.
TIME OF MEETING :
in Higher Grades.
f Commons and
to the fact OR An* X
1
\
Sadie Wilson, 739. Ciuasie I h'apcr, 724.
Cecil Brownlee, 723. Andrew Howard, 6*0. Mildred Millar, 670.
Maye Horner, 684.
Lacy Major, 633.
Hester Ihnlgins, 646. Lillian Elliott, 644.
Agnes Wilson, 633. Arthur Ihigg, 626.
Irvine Hamilton, 623. Bessie Thomas, 616.
Beulah Knight, 614.
Graph IX.—Victoria Bennett, 808.
Lome Meldrum, 762. Hutert Hamilton, 727. Myrtle Hades, 686.
Ruby Hade*, 674.
Edna Brown, 664.
Reilly Hodgins, 6 47. Hollis Wain man, 03 4. Clifton Hmlgins, r»lH>.
Willard Hodgins, 766. Ada Brownlee, 763. McGuire, 726. i Barter, 723. Marguerite Barnett, 720. Edgar llixlgins, 707. Marcelle Stntfmatm, 662. Hai pu Rvnnivk, 624. f Or. XI were published
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday, Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday
of each month.
Austin
Elmside
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given to the Subscribers of the Pontiac lit kal Tklkhionk Company, Limitko :	Whereas nil telephone rentals are payable semi-annually
in advance -January and July ; and whereas some subscriber* are now and have been in arrears, it has teen enacted by a Resolution of the Directors that, beginning with August 1st, 1917, there will te a penalty charged on all rentals not paid when due. This penalty to te 1>asethnn each half year’s rental as follows :	For
the first delay of one calendar month or fraction thereof the penalty to Ik* 50 cents for each half year's rental past due, and after the first month the penalty to - > cents t"i , ich men sues	i\• delà) >>f one calendar month "r fraetv
thereof.
- First Thursday,
i •
Given at Shaw ville this 10th day of July, 1917
f
HOUSING THE MOTORCAR.
R. W. HUDGINS,
SKi 11KTAHA
Some Advice on Building and Fitting Up a Practical Garage.
•‘The size of the garage depends upon the size of the car it Is to be used for,"
Everything now points to the holding of a general election during the early autumn—probably in Octoter, prediction is based on the opposition Sir Wilfrid Laurier s
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
NEEDS OF THE EMPIRE.
~fob-
fashions FIFTY YEARS AGO.
This
says C. II. Claud y in the Woman's Suggestions That Will Vitally Affect
Horae Companion. “A convenient size	(>ur Dominion
wort around Urn car. Stall room la . prlaadp^ raena.wad.tl.na. Me., cl
the Dominion Royal Commission
Shawville and District
When Caps and Ap^ns Were Worn Even With Evening Gown*.
Fifty years or more ago the apron and the breakfast cap were the pride and Joy of every matron, for they were her sign and symbol. The cap of that time was an elaborate and dainty affair. It was worn with the house dress and often, much trimmed, throughout the afternoon and evening. Aprons, evidently an important feature of every woman’s wardrobe in those days, were decidedly fancy, and usefulness was not n strong point in their construction.
According to on old copy of Godcy's Lady’s Rook, aprons were made of such materials as black silk and satin and were trimmed with lace and velvet, with graduated ruffles of the silk.
Often these ruffles were scalloped.
They were also cut In strange shapes, , -v	f	f
and a final touch was added by sf wing j HOITIGSGCKGrS on lace pockets and a few bows. The same old fashioned book In "Chitchat on the Fashions For November” says:
“Aprons, or simulated aprons, are the I To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Al-folly of the day. They are likely to bertn and Hriti«h Columbia, May have as popular n reign os In the time | to October, 11)17. of Queen Charlotte, w hen Beau Drummed deposed thorn from their high estate by deliberately before all the poo- I limit two calendar mouths from pie assembled taking off the apron of a date of sale.
TO SELL FOR
led in array -st the Government resolution, l last week to further cut Parliament for a term of one e end that the |«copie of CanId not have their thoughts and
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Or. VIII
i
—o—o—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1918. including ninny new varieties which we alone control.
f
1
essential and should l>e all along one side, seven feet high and one foot which was appointed to investigate wide. On the other side have plenty of the resources within the Empire: nails for hanging things OB, At the rear end. above the door, have n shelf
pur) tosc g the life of
1

which w tbi |>n ve.ii. to tl
X
IS
(1) It being vital .hat the Empire
should become self-d.-pendent fni wide enough to hold spare outer tires supplies of essential raw material! At each rear corner have a three cor- and commodities, a complete survey noted closet for old clothing, etc. At should be made of Empire productif front corners have several three tion and requirements.
(2) Create an Imperial Development Board to undertake this survey, and generally to carry on permanently the work of the Commission.
Send for new illu<tnitrd catalogue ; also agent"** proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
rgies diverted from tli
c-t
( Result
<tiou of prosecuting the war, to the I last week
re serious
STONE ANi. WELLINGTON t Established 1K17)
mil bitterness ni n political
Whilst tin
t

cornered shelves set In.
"A workbench is an essential fca turc. This should be built near a win
Toronto
1
Ontario
<
JUNE EXAMINATIONS

( H.\
Report of District Schools
dow, so that there will bo abundance of light Make the workbench of two Inch boards and have it as large as space will permit. Do not have the supports, or legs, come down straight Wallace 1 to the floor, us they will he In the way, Murphy, but slant them back to the wall Make
.1 rowers to slide under the bench for holding nails, tools, etc. A tool chest Df common and useful tools under the bench Is a good friend. Have two Henry McCord, Mar- electric light i ions; also a hand
ni.- searchlight
“A life saving equipment is a length of garden hose that will fit over the exhaust pipe of your engine. When
n « ut majority, Sir H«»l
1 with the
U
CANADIAN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
ruvu v
1 }

]
(3)	Local governments to carry . on research in Dominions, limiting : the Imperial Institute's activities tc India, the Crown colonies and Protectorates.
(4)	Control and supervise emigration under a central emigration authority in the United Kingdom, assisted by consultative board of representatives of the Dominions.
(5)	Make special efforts to Increase emigration by women.
(6)	Arrange adequate capital training and assistance for ex-soldlei settlors.
(7)	Extend and improve Imperial the engine is running, with doors and communications by deepening bar windows shut, fit one end of the hose hors, developing fast steamship ser-
over the exhaust pipe and put the other vices, regulating freights, extending duchess and flinging it behind one of end outside through a hole previously and cheapening cables.	die settees at a ball given at the as
(8)	Reform and strengthen Con sembly rooms at Bath. Aprons were
sular services and commercial Intel- made then, as now, of costliest lace, llgence.	and enormous sums were spent upon
(9)	Unification of legislation on this article of dress. The latest novelty trade marks, patents and companies; |9 a depth of silk not more than twelve establishment throughout the Em laches, to which Is added a flounce of
*11 ’§mm mpi------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
he most progressive clement to Co powers could exercise In lime of lombla is not the Spanish population or ^ace or war. in virtue of a control the natives, hut a Jewish people called 0f raw materials and commodities Antioquians, who have Old Testament essential to Its well-being." Pend
names, raise families of from twelve Ing the results of the Development Turner end Hie Great Painting, "The to thirty children- and ore fast becom- Board's investigations. It Is suggest-	Building of Carthage."
ing the dominant i>ower in the land, M that the Imperial and Dominion When Turner exhibited his great pic-both in numbers and influence. Co- Governments should take steps to ture, "The Building of Carthage," he
stimulate output and control sup was disappointed because it had not
been sold at once at the private view , è „	.
and angry with the pres, for criticising "T*'. hn,r>'. 6 I"-0*?	.
• It severely. Sir Robert Peel called '’'‘I?111 tcnd.tK.us. Dutics-Six months
residence ill «on and cultivation of land
in each of to
\
i
i
)«• I
No. 13 Cl.\KEMm«S
tl
ml
i
1
Grade v.—Mvlvyn Liughrt Lang, Murium Gan ley, Si os Melvin Desjaalias, Cecil Kiiighrvn.
Grade iv. — Asa Laughren, lierm Elliott, Eva Grier, Russell Elliott, Ere Gaulvy, Hugh Desjardins.
Grade iii. Sr
Sir E

l hi


was to have
i . ived w iili a pi t< ticalh
approval ; but antagonism, lit
I
n
Excursions
s expresMf
Sir Wilti
cl willed that tin ity of inflicting a war-time election i the citizens of Canada shall rest the shoulders of the. man who—

l# l

ind respoi
is
cel la Grant, Pauline G au ley, Lindsay Horner, X iletta McCord, Margaret ]) jardins, Mildred Desjardins.
Grade iii, Jr. -Sidney Latighren, Man-im and [«olitician first, as he has | ly Latighren, Cyrus Lang, Carl El art,
\nniv El t i t.
V»
1
Uo<m1 going every Stli to October 30t li
Tuesiln
l, 1917.
y, May Return

1
always Ken—i
e concerned in re eov< ring the reins « •?' power than in <1
Grade ii.—Lloyd Latighren, Thelma .	. Lmghren, ( 'litTord < trier, J a n (1 r,
; the duty of a loyal citizen to further Van Camp Gauley, Mabel Elliott, Lu
* country's efforts in assisting to eel la Laughren, Reginald Walls, Dell curl> the ambitions and frustrate the do- Walla.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shnwvllle.
î
made for that purpose. This may prevent you from being asphyxiated, as the gus from the exhaust is very poisonous and has been known to cause

1
i
Primer ii.—Willie Cartie, Kenneth Horner, Elsie Latighren.
Primer i. — Gardiner Gaulev, lh>y vital principles upon which ti « r, Florent Grant, Merle McDowell,
Lola Elliott, Wesley Grier, Emery Grier
Several matters of im}«ortance will I I,x Latighren, Evelyn Éades.
School in operation 213 da\ Forty
five pupils enrolkxl.
llosal military organization
of a
aim is to crush out of exigence
death.”
v i

Lila ralism is liased
West Land Regulations
to l*c dealt with and disposed of Parliament dissolves, and before that event there is likely to lie a re-con-
f the cabinet that will in*
>
i\
1
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to lie, a British subject subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Altert*. Applicant must appear in j«er#on at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for Dis-
Sara J. Wilson,
Teacher
WHIM OF AN ARTIST.
!
icveral eminent Liberals who t followed Sir Wilfrid's lead in g Government war measures.
DUNRAVEN.
or a
1
July 19.—Mrs. Robert Little ami sons Bland and Cecil were guest# of Mrs.
’ ' " I ' Letts	v	lombla Is the great Jewish republic of .
Mrs. James Stitt of Mansfield and the near future.—Dan Ward In World lp
Miss 011a are guests of Mr#. James O
Government not to Touch Peoples Savings.
1 : > w k Minister give# that Assurance.
(a)	Grant of bounties.
(b)	Government purchase at
a A4 i bi	i	price.	UDon » .
In western 3r«l7.beruW » ^	°'	Turner.” snl.l he. .dm,re you,
F feS r—	n>“
Mi#?* Zella Carswell has returned tion In that region are heavily wooded, It Is in regard to articles mainly *es, said Turner; "it wig 600 guln- H s	mx months in each of three
the I from visiting friends in Mary land.	and the land cannot be cleared" of produced and controlled In foreign eas. but today It's 000."	year# alter earning homestead patent
Mr. John CMrom has returned north	stumps and roots because of the dearth	! countries that Government action Is	"Well,” said Sir Robert, "I did not	a . cultivate ho acre# extra. May ob-
accomjiancd by his nephew, Master Hoy	and high cost of labor The stump	mo8t ne*ded ,n order to promote	come prepared to give 000, and I must	!;im l11** ’option |«aient as soon
bfhs	mmm
Miss Nettie Moore Sunday.	of supply	sources ‘Do as you please.”	acre. Must reside six months in each
What i* the reason some of the young _	. Gardening.	I (3 > Possibilities of substitutes After a few days Sir Robert called ^ire^ )reAra’ cultivate 50 acres and
|*eople would rather take a drive along	wfl7.to “p #,be toter”*ln | where important commodities are *5ain aP°n the greet painter. • "Mr. erect a house worth $300.00.
the river than attend prayer meeting ? **fdenmg *• not do ,	*** thm* not available within the Empire. Turner,” be began, "although I thought Holders of Mines must count time of
Ask—_____ Uncle Dudley yeir srter year JfMlt 11 ®or)	In the course of their Inquiries It a very extraordinary thing for you to Mnplnymsel as farm labourer# in Can
Try the new fruits, vegetable# and the commissioners have travelled raise your price, I shall be proud to buy Ada during 1917, as residence duties unflowers. Hold to the old, tried and true j many thousands of miles, have that picture, and I am prepared to give der certain condition#, for mainstays, If desired, until the new visited the capitals of every State or j you the 000 guineas.-	When Dominion Land# are adver-
prove that they are what la wanted	i Province of the self-governing Do-	"Ahr said Turner. "It was 000 guln-	tised or posted for entry, returned sol
to entirely displace older varieties.-#	minions and have examined over 850	eas. but today IPs 700-	dier# who have served overseas and have
I	I J BA IVdeetant lady Teacher, holding New York Sun.	I	** b> *lr Robert grew angry, and Turner been honorably discharged, receive one
mmm «æ.
Kssnasap S155-352 5=S;~5™
on
Outlook.
Iron
Master Russell and Mies Margaret If ill were guests of Miss Janet Carswell Sunday, July 15.
, ,	.	, , The weekly prayer meeting
• J U no apprehension on the] resumed
>f the public that action of a detri
il character with respect t
r# of the public will be taken by
tnadmn Government was made in
ree year#.
In certain districts a homesteader may
I illy 10.—A statement that
( i
? :
{
t
d
House of Commons to-day by Sir mas White.
t
I t
>upled with this declaration and the t ion that it was the Government's y to encourage thrift, was the intimation that they must not, however, be xl a# ” precluding legislation
ii*' taxation upon ire such a# to make putable that they should contribute a share of the war expenditure of the Ihuninion.
41 It has been officially drawn to the n of the Government, said the
(
1

ding for mm whose ino
l

nu R
t and

Teacher Wanted






in th
public and other Untie# outside Farlia- t ment and by the pr
its news it
W. W. CORY,
^Deputy Minister of the Interior, 1 - r minthorieed publication of
ha# c
I
port
g those whose t vital factor in the l

fit
this advertisement will not l«e j«aid for.


m
If I
j

02102274
###PAGE###5###
=. %
THE EQUITY,
MEN’S CLOTHING
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Published every Thursday
\[ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
i
r
ËRFECTJ ON
>
Ztnfw
OIL
I
Subscription, $1 a Ykar in Advance
All arrears must he paid up before tny p ipor la discontinued.
I
in splendid variety and at prices that invite comparison
o
r
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal advertising, 10cent» per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per fine or each aubsequonl insertion
Business card» not exceeding one Inch inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements Inaerted at the rate of 8 cents per line for IIrat Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without in atruotions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, ruirriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
M*f9> f+m mo fié
/;

Suits
Pants
Neckties
Overalls Smocks Hosiery Boots and Shoes Underwear
r

Q
FOR YOUR FAMILY

There is a New Perfection Oil Cook Stove designed for your family—whether it be a family of two, three, four, five or more persons. And a New Perfection will do all that a wood or coal stove will do—and do it the year around. Ask these dealers:
J. H. SHAW,
W. A. HODGHNS
Boys’ Clothing-
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
We are sure to please you in Boys’ Clothing.
Suits Pants
G. E. WAINMAN,
G. F. HODGINS CO.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Bathing Suits Underwear
SHAWVILLE
QUEBEC,
Professional Cards.
With Roy alite Coal Oil the New Perfection will cook your meal for from 5 to 10 centt
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY Limited
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
DR. A. H. BEERS
About Your Hat
SURGEON DENTIST
CAMPHKt.Ut ÜAY - • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery. University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
You undoubtedly have a few new picture# you would like framed. Call and sue samples. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imison.
Do you know that no other part of your wearing apparel is so critically conspicuous as your hat ? For this reason always buy the same of a reliable house.
A. J. McDonald B. C. L.| STRAW HATS, the season’s classiest styles
Latest styles and shades in SOFT HATS.
TAILORING-
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
An Instance of Woman’s Superiority.
No man ever dared tell the truth ft bout women; only a woman can do It —E. W. Howe's Monthly.
S. A. MACKAY
GRAY, BLUE,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
We Eat Too Mach
The average Canadian eats too much. It is no exaggeration to say that he eats twice the amount that is needed to nourish the body. Long life depends upon proper functioning. In order to preserve one's strength and vitality, no more food should be taken than is actually needed to maintain one's weight and strength. Scientific feeding, therefore, would require one first of all to make a test to determine the particular amount of food which moat satisfactorily maintains normal weight and strength. The particular weight that one should carry can be measured to a large extent by one’s vital condition. The weight at which > ti feel strongest and have
A Scotsman, recently arrived, Vmx-inoonf	most endurance, with a brain clear
Mail and Umpire. The new arrival I »•>•« ""'"y w hereby given that R(1j80„ has said that the American told feelingly of the terrible toll of the Valuation Roll of the Municipality people are doped with food. And war upon the fair land of Scotia, the of the village of .Shawville 1ms been pre- there is no question as to the accur-¦ | sad tale of young men killed and pared by the Valuators according to lacy of this statement. Horace FI etch-maimed, the sufferings of the fam- law; that it lias been de|*witcd in my I »r In his dietetic experiments in con-ilies left behind. “Why, mon, we’re office where it will be cqien for inftpec- nection with the rationing of the Just plum distract wi' it all," he (bm and examination by parties inter- Belgium refugees brought some re-
AnwfirATF	-'Provisions has gone up in price lilv, HH7.	requirements is due In large extent
____AVOCATE	four shillings a bottle the ane sort	h. E. HUDGINS,	to 0ur regular-meal habit. We have
BARRI xT E R & SOLICITOR (and sax pence a quart the Itber."	Sec.-Trean. I certain times for meals; breakfast,
linner, and supper; or, if you belong o the- so-called “upper classes,’’ jreakfast, lunch, and dinner. It’s ibout the same in either instance.
Gormandising is actually considered lecessary. We become slaves to the bree-meal-a day habit.
The time to eat is when you arc lungry, and at no other time.
.If you are hungry at mealtimes, irejiared by the Valuator» according to I hose are the times when you should law ; that it	has been deposited in my	?at. But you should	eliminate	for-
ottice where	it will remain open to in	»ver	from your mind	the Idea	that
lilies,	before setting	out	on	the	fam*	Upection and	examination by ; orties in-	t is	necessary to sit	down at	the
3us	expedition	against	the	Iroquois	1 (crested, and	that on Monday, the sixth	able and attempt to	eat at the ac-
n September, A.D. 1616. Erected day of August, next, it shall be homok). mstomed tlm# whether you are bun-
L. l.HUDUIN.S,	ui our soldiers now engaged In this
Nec. Treasurer. I errlfic war*	gHH
ood be saved, but the nation would
>e benefited both mentally and phy- ! of this district licaiiy.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Rain Coats,
G. F. HODCINS CO. L TD.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
D R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, AC
PUBLIC NOTICE
A Recent Arrival.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tT Visits Shawville every Saturday
MARKET FOR
PULPWOOD
CEO. C. WRICHT, K.C
AC-
Aivosate. Barrister
The Highest Market Price
Hull.
196 Main St.
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
PHONE BELL
J. [«WEST Caboury, LL. B.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
A Tablet to Champlain.
At “The Narrows’’ bridge, between Lakes Couchiching and Simcoe a tablet was unveiled by Hon. J. L. Decarie on August 17th, 1*15, the Inscription on which reads as fol-
“1*15-1*1# ¦	| | É
Champlain. The intrepid French exADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo. , I plorer who led the first expedition of
IAI taaiai ct Mill I I white men Into central Ontario stay-191 HR AIM » lnvua. #d At lhlg ^ralt, now known as ’The
Will attend Courts and Business in the | Narrows’ to fish with hie Huron
Dm i let of Pontiac.
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and C. N. R Railways.
t| PUBLIC NOTICE
Will be in Fort Couiongc every Wed nas-hiy and Shawville every Saturday.
Province of Quebec,
Muiiieijiality of Clarendon.
Public notice Is hereby given that the Valuation Roll of the Municii>ality of the township of Clarendon has been
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
Iowa
Samuel de
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION 4 PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Flam, Lines, Boundaries, he.
Executed carefully to the satlefac- I $ently by two sons of W. J. Hawkins
tlon or parties.	it Strome, Alta. One was shot with
I rifle and was mutilated so badly
Hill, j^t it will not be mounted. The
I	“TM	I Best Farmers' Hotel
ieen In the neighborhood.
GEORGE HYNES ^“‘wJ* "rare ,p~Ie’ *“the
t Shot Golden Faglcs.
Two golden eagles were bagged re-
And not only would
TO LET
HU XVkllinoton 8t.
Phone : Queen 3230,
The Biggest Lie.
The Hun officer who had been aken prisoner offered his gold • atch in exchange for bis life being pared, and, as he insisted on It, the wo Canadian Tommies who were bis I „ •aptors were nonplussed. However, me of them said that whoever told he biggest lie was to have the vatifh, and If the prisoner could beat bem in story-telling be was to keep he watch. First one Tommy was to I ^	ell bis yarn, then the German pris
U. W. DALE, I mcr, and finally the other Canuck.
W. A. HOiXiIXS. The first then started and told a
dory that was an absurd lie from
-------------------I beginning to end
onic captive commenced in slow
:
SC
in Pontiac
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Hhawaooe’e Flag.
Through the instrumentality of Ur. Nortaan Curd, fhe flag that was presented at the close of the war of ISIS to Shawanoe, the aide and
Pamnal ittôntion.Opênall hours.| ^ safe\^pin^*Tn thTmJnia^u^
early	For
nany years this priceless relic was tept by the Indians at the Kettle ’oint reservation on Lake Huron.
Dining Room and 22 Bed 'Rooms .furnished. Large Yard, Sheds and Stables.
Apply at once
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
M
When you require Printing
call at
UNDERTAKING
Then their Teu-

Trespass Notice.
•"d EMBALMING
once
erms:
Jie tTwriulh*^TwTr-
The following wse one of the autobt- "fter thin notice will be prosecuted a» the
law directe.
W. J. HAYES
THE EQUITY OFFICE
f '*
I
I
SHAWVILLE
Our National Fathers.
(opposite J. H. Shaw’
All call# will receive prompt per
sonal attention
agraphiee turned In
MRS. R. B. ARMSTRONG,
The department of Education In trltish Columbia Is arranging to end through the Free Test Book •ranch a picture of the Fathers of <>nfederation reproduced from the >rigi*ftl painting, which unfortun-Good dairy farm, liait of !/•(* 4 and I itely was destroyed when the Par-.% first Concession of Bristol, containing lament Buildings at Ottawa were
>Vil)le bu*h. Forp*r- Uirn«4. to all tb« schools of the
----- Underneath the picture
,111 be the key by Which to identify
July 6th, 1P17.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
t of an auto through i lib
the beck
tie beck door Instead of aide doorf.


FARM FOR SALE.
I by a seven passenger machine, but It
DAT
Imrrr
did not get over
Mother has an btie, and my dog Teddy and I the rest of the family Ilk# to ride fa all countries Aik for our INVEN-1 In It Borne of these days 1 am going to TOR 4 ADVISER Which will be seat free, i >wn an into. That l* all I know about
tf eSuEEw. ' >wsfcwW.--tai»miNHta n.w*
L
sot
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
f wm

ticnlam apply to owner,
I). J. CRAIG, Raymond, Alta O T. DRUMMOND. Bristol, Que
r I
figures In the group.
###PAGE###6###
' *
«MlilS
créas* imagination—who was alleged to have won tin Derby one clay, scor-
‘ed a century at Lord's the next day, Near the End of Her Long Life Emend gone partridge-shooting on the : third day.
Considering tnnt the Derby la run SERIOUS on the first Wednesday In June, one
wonders where he found partridges to near Frimley, Aldershot, •England,
they pass down an avenue below a
QUEER BLUNDERS OF WRITER FOLK
EUGENIE AT NINETY TWO
AN INCIDENT
OF THE MARNE
press Sees Defeat of Germany
When German prisoners of war are marched to a barbed wire enclosure
S
SLITS OF SCRIBES
AND OTHERWISE.

A WAR CORRBSPKNDENT AND HIS AUTOMOBILE.

shoot on the following Friday
I And perhaps you remember the beautiful mansion standing on a ! great writer who made n P. & O. wooded hill. It often happens that Quaint andX’urious Errors Into Which liner discharge its passengers at as the Germans file past the gateway
v, ..	. n .	... .	London Bridge, and the doctor's lodge, a sud-cyed, venerable woman The Brave Spirit of a Soldier Who
Two Simple Oil Tests.	' <M< ls s Hll< tr r trN daughter who went to a dance wear- is standing or sitting there. It is	Stopped a Bullet and Said,
There arc two ways to test oil. One	Have Fallen.	ing a coronet.	doubtful if any of the prisoners know	fef
is gradually to heat a bottle of oil un-	.	,	.	.	.	.	..	. __^____ that she is the surviving consort of	Its Nothing.
sswseui éüü mm: üü
ent or master mechanic who wwuld | darker than originally, but if it is not " ™ ° he would haw suffered dont see the use of it all," the watching the sight of a new and large From Mong to Ypres, found himself permit such a thing would not be i ja g0od quality it will turn black and ,	,	,	. y.. rvst „f the crew young man said to his pastor, "Why detachment of prisoners marching and his automobile involved in the proto hold his position.	Ia certain amount of black sediment «he coach and it is to minimize should I go to all of those meetings, toward their concentration camp. It codings.
“The locomotive is run ‘dead’ in « will be seen. This is exactly what	rjdicuj0U8 blunders like this getting	at the church and to the Sunday	was a dramatic contrast to the events	One of the	Sussex men, says Mr.
freight train to its point of delivery, happens is such oil is used in the	print that a new profession of	school? I can be a Christian without	of many years ago which robbed her	ç0ieman> came	running back with the
Then it is easily and carefully ‘broken engine.	feminine adviser to men novelists has doing all that. I can put in my time of her seat on the trench imperial neW8 Qf a gCnerûi retirement
In’ by	being given slow	freight service	Another test is to take an equal	recent|v been created in Paris.	more usefully with books and outdoor | throne.	Are in front,	rifle fire from our left,
before	it	is turned over to the passeng-	quantity of oil and water and shake	The idea has distinct points to	re-	life on Sunday.’’	I Surely there is	not another woman	an<| ghrapnel	everywhere, made us
er crews.	them thoroughly together in a bottle.	commend	% 8HVS R	London writer.	“I don’t say,’*his	pastor replied,	in the world who has lived through	won(jer whether retirement was not
“It is a good deal the	same	in	the	After standing for twenty-four hours	gveryone	wb0 whites	much must fre-	"that you cannot be	a Christian	un-j such experiences as this one, who	tess wise than staying where we were,
case of a steamship. She is built the good oil will rise to the top of the	' ntly come face to face with diffi-	less you do nil those things; but you	forms the link between the stately	yut orders are	orders; so we heffded
under a contract guaranteeing so water, showing a clear line of sépara-	culties* owing to lack of expert knowl-	cannot afford to neglect them if you	P«st of the French and the glorious	(iown the „|ope	fcr the viPage, where
many miles per hour, but no shipbuild-	tion. A poor oil will have a consul-1	^ of particular things and phases	are to be fully equipped for	the best	present of united democracies. * It was	j had ,eft the automobile,
ing concern would think of submitting	erable strip of milky fluid between	the	0f ]ife. Bn(|, although a writer must be	Christian service.	The church	is a	her beauty and popularity which	Presently	we reached a fifty-foot
a new boat to a trial run until after 0\\ and the water, and if the oil is a R kind of jack-of-all-trades, in a sense, training school for efficiency in reli-	Napoleon III. to establish him- gap in the bank at the roadside; that
her engines had ample time to ‘wear	poor grade most of the fluid will	be-	he—or she—would need to be a verit-	gious activity."	seIf n* monarch. It was the interest	part of our	journey must be taken in
able walking encyclopaedia to avoid Six years went	by; then	a	letter	aroused by her marriage with Napo-	fun sight of	the enemy. Two soldiers
“It	should	be	the	same	with	motor test is important, because a slight	makjng	blunders now and then.	came to the pastor from a Y.M.C.A.	leon HL which enabled him to bring	rushed at it, only to fall before they
cars.	The	better	a	car	is	built ti e amount of water might become mixed	Battleships at Pekin.	secretary, a part of which was as fol-	about the ( rimean war, although that	bad got across. While we paused, a
more care should be exercised when with any oil, and the oil should he of	lows*	war marked the beginning of his herd of some twenty cows galloped,
¦*™*e
FOOD MUSTBE	BROUGH^uF	and shovels and ammunition; a	j suffered	for my sins.	A few day» after	that came»	the	Il.u.sslH ,hHS ^one 8t*a< 1 y f()rxyard	lieved that any occupant of a car that
sergeant is there to see that the ra-j	As the	ninety-six	correspondents	pastor received a call	from one of	the	Wlth P a,|s for wor,d Power W*VC^	tried to pass through the village and
lions for the different companies are	who wrote sarcastic letters to	the	members of his church, the father of culminated in the	present war, and it	up the slope	in plain «ght of the
placed in different piles; a post-	editor 0f the paper unfortunate	en-	the young man who six years before must be with feelings of joy that Em-	enemy would	stand little chance of
corporal hurries hither and thither, in i ough to	print my 8tary pointed out,	had argued that he did not need to en-	Pr*ss Eugenie sees to-day the great-	escape; but the wounded were tossed
search of “D" Company's letters,	pekin is	alK>ut a hundred miles from	gage in the activities of church or-	*st countries on earth allied with	into the tonneau, into the front seats,
which have been mislaid, and the	the 8ea	and 80 kow my battleships	ganization in order to be a Christian,	prance against the old enemies of	on the folded top at the rear, wherever
transport officer and quartermaster ever got there was a distinct mystery. "John is a good fellow," said the Napoleon 111	space could be found. I jumped into
supervise and control everything—al-i i am seriously beginning to think father anxiously, "but he hasn’t done Throughout England the name of the driving seat. The running board “Give the word to limber up. ways in the most impenetrable dark-	that I am not very good at stories	as well as we had hoped he would.	Empress Eugenie is revered, ^her-	0f	the car	was lined with soldiers, and
sergeant-major. And you might toll ness, save when a star-shell lights up	with 8hips in them. A kittle while	His mother and I want to get him into	l*vvr chanty and kindness were to be	one>	the only	one unhit, was mounted
mv groom that I shan’t walk my horse the white faces, the sweating horses,	ago ; wrote about a submarine. It	a better place than the one he has	found Jt was a,most certain that her	on	a	mud guard.
th “Very*1 good sir." 'avs the'serge ant- ' ^Vh^CnspoMofficer gives the word, guided ' en|husia^mVor^“e^V^^Î to! p2iUon,lwd youT would therewith. Throughout the years that
ble, of "fhe French farmyard; voices the stream that flows hack toward,	ceme Bbov, water, she wa, flying the	minister.	feat at Sedan, she ha, worked uncall out orders; the watercarts are fill- the billet, and sleep.	Union Jack! It has been frequently	"Well, he is a good boy."	C'f#1?‘n^ly	.the P°°r e"d
ed- horses are harnessed to their Nights after night there ia the same	impressed upon me since that this is	; "But what can he do? Hk, he had	eick- Her wealth has been at the
limbers- the mail and the rations are slow crawl along the road pitted with	not a way they have in the Navy with	| experience in teaching boy, in the
piled on their wagons; and ten min- shell-holes, and same halts, the same submarines.	Sunday school?"
utes later the whole column is stand- dead horse and broken limber in the	Surfeit Q, Knowledge.	"No, I think not"
f0The sound of a whistle, a straining ' smashed, your own men lying dead or	1^“^'^«at SbridgT^nd	. .
”hehü'an.sporf rmblrslml poTuoutof And when the wagons are onee mors	^""ThsvetftLn wold^how he	one?" and the pastor resd the Y. M.
EiS.1* EÉS ^ ”
of flume come from the enemy’s guns, row night, he mutteru.	reporter on a great London daily
the soft "pop" of bursting shrapnel	-<?--	paper I was given a story to do on the
sounds through the darkness—for it	.«aiw dituav urmv	subject of lampreys
would be folly to set out before night	Y ACTS	ABOI 1 HI MAN BUI .	a g^ut iumpreye	jn	the	upper
hid you from German observers, and	™	, t reaches of the Thames, and to the
the "heavies" away on the right crash Statistics Regarding This larxe o fa(^g Qf tke ca8e | gaily started to
and rumble and then crash again, as	Creation.	tack on some observations concerning
they burst among the broken houses.	^ are to lt€ more than two the habits, manners, and customs of
The road-a narrow atrip of pave with	^ little openings in the skin of	lampreys generally
bottonless, clinging mud on either side	...	t() <erve a8 outlets for an	Among other remarks	I	made was
i sssrsi -g :v.*r rjs :=ia-ïæ
t^Mh^torwMd* piîeTof sandbags, boncs !t '^TcnGrl	^d.^rwd^trJmely well^bu^unhap-
mEBEH m, HHBiS! EHBf 5S
EEE-it—
With every breath you inhale about
two-thirds of a pint of fresh air and ; That, however, was a mild mistake exhale an equal amount if you breathe compared with the following state-normally.	ment for which a woman novelist was
The stomach of the average adult once responsible:, person has a capacity of about five “She came afowU into the paddock, pints, and manufactures about nine leading in the winner of the Waterloo
pounds of gastric juice daily.	Cup.”
There are over five hundred muscles The Waterloo Cup is run for by in the body, all of which should be dogs, not horses, of course, so how exercised daily to keep you in the “she" led the winner into the paddock, best condition. The average adult hu- and what sort of paddock it was, it ia heart weighs from eight to difficult to understand.
Even this pales before the exploits
better and smoother
High Speed Bad for New Cars.
“A high speed passenger locomotive offers an excellent comparison," says a motor car expert
“The locomotive is built to run eas-
new means a engine and fewer repair bills.”
Rifle
this whitish substance
in.’
come
the motor is new
“Careful handling of a car when age in these circumstances
WITH THE TRANSPORTS IN FRANCE
I be-
I NDER DIRECT FIRE
Goes on the Nerve
Every Xi?|ht
Racking Work of the Canadian
Army Service Corps
He Paid For His Ride
Up the hill we crawled was eleven, some badly hit cyclists in front gave promise of blocking the way as we gathered speed, but a shell that burst over -us knocked one of the pair off his wheel, seemingly a few feet over us. group ahead of us were hit sang all about. Some one hanging on the running bohrd was hit, and cried out as he dropped offg slope became less steep, I overtook and passed an ammunition limber, with the team—minus a driver—in full flight toward the rear.
A mile or so farther on we found a hastily improvished hospital, where I delivered my load.
"Wounded?" asked an orderly as I drove up.
"Yes," I answered. "All but one," and I turned to look back at him.
"I stopped one, coming up the hill," he said, with a grin. "I stopped one proper, I did!" And he opened his tunic and showed me a blood-soaked aide. "Might have got you if I hadn't been there," he added, "so perhaps it warn just as well. I couldn’t have brought the others back in this thing.” And he grinned again.
"Good luck, son," I said, with a himp in my throat.
His teeth were set as he was borne away by two orderlies, but the corners of his mouth twitched in another half smile, and he said:
"Thank#:	Don’t you worry about
Pm all right. It’s nothing!"
I hvae often thought of him since, and hoped that he came through in s good shape. JHs spirit was so very, very fine! '
My load Two
disposal of charitable organizations. Her only son, Prince Louis, who went to England with her, died on the field of battle in Zulutand.
Her home on Farnborough Hill has been transformed info a hospital for British officers. Since early in 1916 she has been using all of her means and what strength she has left in caring for those men who come to her from the battle fields of France.
Four men from
Bullets
As the
TO CANADA
fui
“I know John could not meet those requirements. They are too exacting. He hasn't fitted himself for them; he has missed his chance."
The father went away, pondering on his son's unusable "goodness"; and "the pastor found among his active workers a young man who measured up to what is proving to be one of the greatest places of influence in the Chinese nation.
The time has gone by when any type of mere goodness will do for modern reform, or missionary or evangelistic service. It is even more true now than in Timothy's time that the gigantic task of Christianity calls for "Workmen that need not be ashamed, . good work."
Dear heart, my country, as I see thee stand
For the defence of nations great and small,
Responsive in a moment to their call.
When Odin's legions swarmed at his command
To crush their liberty and deeply brand
The horrid marks of servitude on all,
I tlfank thee for thy steadfast human wall
Formed to protect each holy struggling land.
No slavery hath vexed thee hitherto,
Nor must its slimy coils pollute thee
There had been
nm
now.
For thy true knights have sworn a solemn vow
That AUemaine's proud upstart soon shall rue
His mean ambition to possess the world,	\
Like that high rebel from the zenith hurled.
prepared unto every
me

Bordeaux For Beane.
Bordeaux mixture properly " used checks anthracnose on beans and prevents the unsightly spots often seen on the pods and other parts.
Bordeaux mixture, made of four pounds of copper sulphate, four pounds of burned lime and 60 gallons of water, kills the anthacenose fungus that attacks beans, as well as cucumbers and melons Experiment Station advises its use for spraying when the plants are two to three inches high, about ten^Uys later, again after blossoming, Ind repeated as necessary.
Dangv" oi« Every Hand.
Now and then there is a sudden halt —the enemy are shelling the road a little farther up and there is nothing to do but wait. The transport officer fumes to and fro, for he has under his command a dozen men, horses, and six or seven limbers, all packed tightly road with the front and an interminable line of transport waiting behind. If the Boche gunners lengthen their range by a hundred yards or "Lead on," cornea the word from farther up, and the whole road is mov-
An Admirable Crichton

—0. McCullough
Before you begin making your jam# and jellies, buy some small glas about two inches high and wide in proportion. Then as each variety is made, fill a few of these glasses. You will be glad to have them next winter when you want to send a little remem, brance to a sick friend, or wish to pack a box for Christmas. • The individus) sise is daintier in appearance than tn# larger-sized send several
l
A man we know went to town the other day and brought three bolts each of all commonly used sizes, a couple dozen screws of varioue sises and lengths, and a pound of nuts for bolts
"Now I am
ready for anything that comes along," he remarked; and it wasn't two hours before a bolt warn needed in the horse-rake, and he was able to lay hie hand on the right one.
more
together on a narrow Germans shelling In
The Agricultural
of different diameters
glasses and allows one t# kinds Instead of only on*
man
twelve ounces, and it beats about 100,000 times every twenty-four hours, of a gentleman—the figure of an auth
/
TeU-MC, ARE: VOU A
RELATIVE OF TOM DUFF?
AH
3AS,| WANT TO
ASK 'YOU A
QOESTIOM

he’s <?AMIM6 cW
ME?- I MAI AS
WeLt- 6IVE UP f
I INONDER WMV THAT
6UV IS FOLLOWING ME?
He's STARTING To RV/N ¦¦¦ NOW! I

Don’t
SHoOT
Then that Accounts PNipj FOR THE fxtraordinaRYI	v,
Rcsemdlamce
I
t

mm
m
I AM Tom doff
: t mm

z
E

V*.

/
r
m
f//
f/M
z


/
fcA..
z
/
• (7
/ \
f

i
r*
»




z
t


?
. f.

A
US



X


J <
.
###PAGE###7###
to keep the amount up to the present supply. So I shall feed Just all the pigs will eat, from the time they eome Into the world until they go to market.
Utilize Pastures for Profit.
Ripe Cherries
Bread-Making
Contests
and
In the third place, we can use pasture in many cases economically. I do not believe it Is wise to give th« hogs very much good alfalfa meadow this summer, alfalfa is going to be needed next winter for cow feed. Grain is going to be very high. WÊf/ÊÊ| everywhere are thinking about beans and potatoes, and while I do not think they are going to overdo either, still it looks as though corn will be in great demand. But lands not otherwise occupied can be pastured by the hogs, and rape can be sown here and there,
I and now and then a man who is short of help may use the hogs to advantage in harvesting his corn, general way. it seems to me that our good meadows, either clover or alfalfa, should be cut and the hay should be properly cured and stored for winter use, except so much as is needed to supplement the pastures, or to feed, for other reasons, on the farm.
In purchasing feeds for the hogs, we should watch for by-products more sharply than before. Products from the breakfast food factories, salvage ... , grains, middlings, and in fact anything
*,ï„«srzzzrz't “r~
answer- as a means of Identification, but full name and address must bo
O'ven jn each letter. Write on on# side of paper only. >Anewen will be Use the Self-feeder for Best Results, malied dfree* If .tamped and addreeeed envelope le encloeed.	„	In	the fourth place, I would feed the
Woodbh,e*eJve Toronte°ndenCe	dep,rtm,nt	to Mrl' Helen Law' 231 hogs from a hopper feeder. It takes
but very	time to make one, and
that will be saved many times over,
in feeding before the summer closes,
and the feeder will still be as good as
new. Every experimert I have seen
proves that hogs will make more rapid,
and mo^e economical gains when fed in
this wav, than wl#2n a man attempts
to say to the hog, just how much is
good fov him, and how often he shall
eat.	-


Lantic
Sugar
People


1917
"Pure and Uncolored*
make delicious and economical preserves
In 10, 20 and 100-11). sacks, 2 and 5-pound cartons
PRESERVING LABELS FREE 3rod red ball trade-mark for book of S4 printed
At Rural School Fairs
in Ontario
0
Atlantic Sugar Re fine rica Limited
But in a
148
!


PRIZESi Five Large Phonographs
Five Sets of Dickens’ Works Girl’s Own Annuals Attractive List of Books Canuck Bread Mixers
Kl
3

Vh
Æk.
Cojutudted 6y Pfaô	Jour,

I
4" '
i " i ,•
+AJ

m
jf *

More than S2.000 worth of prizes for bread making will be offered at the rural school fairs this fail. Among the prizes are five large cabinet phonographs, fifteen ( anuck bread mixers and many attractive books. These splendid prizes will make the contest the most stirring ever held at rural school fairs. Every girl between tho ages of 12 and 18 should read all about this fine opportunity, and should begin now to prepare for it. The prizes, under the conditions explained below, will F>o awarded for the best loaves baked with


-y
x
THE PATIIF.PIIONE
Fivo of thp*o fora» cabinet phono-wiphe, each with I«ch-e'records, gi.en ne fin*
District Contenu. Value, $l&>. Size, 20 in. % 20 J * in i 44 iiL high.
i
Grateful:—-1.
It is always the tribute to the memory of the Prince privilege of a bride to wear white with Consort. 2. The two great rivers a wedding veil no matter how simple of Mesopotamia are the Tigris and the the ceremony or how early the hour, Euphrates. 8. The original meaning so you have your choice of white or a of “chiffon” is rags
pretty .ilk going-away gown Such A. B.:_It i, said that i tablespoon-thmgs must really be decided by what fuI of pound	and tWo table-
Q» »ui 8 >'our own plavna:. ,2,	spoonfuls of brown sugar mixed with
bride provides the household linen and enough cream to make a smooth paste you would require six sheets, six pil- will kill flies. You might try it.
3. A letter of appreciation should be . PerPl«xed 1. A reply to an invita- would be too old to grow economically written to one’s hostess after return- P?" to a home wedding, explaining. before he attained the proper size. It ing from a visit.	why you cannot attend, is sent to those should always be remembered that it
Anxious:—1. To remove spots on who iasue it, in this case the parents of costs much more to put weight onto an broadcloth try the following:	Grind	^ bride’ and the envelope should be old hop than a young one.
one and one-half ounces of pipe clay addre88cd *<> them. The gift, with So now in closing, if we would infine, mix with eighteen drops of alco- y°ur cardt is sent to thc bride- 2. A crease the sum of pork in the country.’
hoi and the same quantity of spirits of	by an intimate friend cven îf wc would maintain the pres-
Moisten a little of the I of * . bride-elect and may be given ent supply, we must first breed all *he
any time within a few weeks before sows we can; second, feed as liberally the ceremony, and it is good form to as we can, and third, grow our hogs to
a good size before we market them.
Thus, if we seek economical sources of feed supply, if we watch all the little details that make for success, if in short, we put a little of our better selves into this work, we shall get our pay in dollars, and we shall help to feed a hungry world, and thus be good
Cream & West Flour
prtsca in
the bard Wheat flour that U guaranteed for bread
the flour that you will want to use always, once you have given it a good trial. We want you to know for yourself that it makes splendid hrgdoavea of the lightest, most wholesome bread that good Hour can bake. That i.4 why we make it well worth your while to try it, by offering these attractive and costly prizes.
I or this contest wo have divided the Province into five districts, each with several counties. In each district vp will give a largo cabinet phonograph. a ret of Dic!#ns' Works and throe bread mixers. These are called the Ih strict prizes and they are to be given in addition to the prizes offered nt the local rural school fairs. (See list of districts below.) Ik; sure to compete at your local rural school fair. If you win first prize there, you will then automatically become a competitor for thc phonograph and other district prizes.
The Prizes, remember, are offered for the best loaf of bread baked with Cream of the West Flour. No
other flour will do. For local prizes we offer a number of valuable books. By local prises we mean those given at the fan	*
Lastly, I would not sell the hogs until they had attained to good weight, \ unless the market looked hod. Every time a small hog Is marketed, a cnanc* to increase the supply of food is cut
off.
I» Lees Priât.—"fïiH'* Own Annual.*' a Rival bit beautifully hound, illustrated book with 80» page# of stories and article# about people, urt. animals, gardens, so wine, mxlieting-every thing tJiat particularly in torus ta young girls, older girls and their motliers. j hi# is s wonderful prize that yqu can treasure for >eors.
2nd Lscil Prtae.--' Mtorie# of Famous Men and Women." heavily cloth bound with gold titles, many beautiful pictures in colors, entrancing lilt atones of Florence .Nighn.igale. Grace Darling, Flora MacDonald, Jenny Lind, the lato (Juoca Victoria and others.
oi ».?£££ îîs? 3î5gs£	b00k witb n“y ”*ni b*""**,tur,M -d *•"**•”
ri*«.—‘ The Queen's Gift Book," a book of stories, picture# and nperial in'# lient writers; the proceeds from the able of thia book arc for the i soldiers in England.
—I r.lcaa the entries number nix or more only first and second prise# will l iileee the entries number ten or more no fourth prize will be awarded.
The District Prizes.—Thc winner of thc first prize at each local fair Automatically becomes a competitor for thc following District prizes. One-half of the first prize loaf will bo sent to the Ontario Agricultural College at Guelph, to compete in the District Contests.
(See conditions below.)
1st District Prize.—The ‘"Pat hipbone'-is thc name given to the fine big mahogany phonogrtph weofTcr as first prise. It w ill gi'.o you endless pleasure and ontertuinment for a Income. It has special repnxluner auacbrr.er ts and r.ccxJles, enabling you to play all kinds of tint disc records of no matter wh.it make The PnUtcphf.no reon.duce* band mu/sc. orchestra music, songs and funny pieces perfect l> . with it goe- a down of the famous Paths rvoorln Total value. $150.00.
2ad District Prize.—Set of Dickons’ Works. 18 splendidly bound volume* with many illustration*. Among the books in the set are "Olivet-Twist" and "Old Curiosity Whop."
These an tito of the must entrancing stories ever written. /
4th Ur
article# by I. benv.tt of d

W
Æ3
Note
be awarded

turpentine.
mixture with more alcohol and rub on the	When dry remove wi jJ
a woollen cloth. 2. Small swabs of !8.k only those who are very close antiseptic absorbent cotton should be fner!da of the engaged girl, as to go used to wash an infant’s eye#. 3. out8,dc and aak JU8t acquaintances The cover# cm be kept on a small 8avora to° much of askinK for gifts, child nt night by the use of garter	Puzzled:—1. Do not pay any atten-
fastenings; one end should bo fastened ^on to remarks like these. No human to the side of the crib and the other	judgment can	possibly be perfectly
end clasped to the corner of the covers.	iU8t • If we	do what we consider
In this way they can be kept firmly	right according	to our best knowledge	soldiers	though	employing only the
on, yet the rubber allows the child	we can safely	leave the result to #; weapons	of peace.
Power. „ worrying about.
would have a good time at the picnic go by all means.

I®
rz
-



4/

3rd. 41b sad S4b Prizes.-"Csnuck" Breed mixer*. This simple, yet well-made, machine takes the bard work out of bread making. Instead of laborious kneading of tbs old method, you ju.it put in tbs ingredients, turn the handle and the dough is thoroughly and mors evenly limed.
FIRST PRIZE AT LOCAL RURAL SCHOOL FAIRS
2.
It Is not worth If you think you
freedom enough to turn. 4. Cotton stockings are better for children’s wear than lisle.
P. H.:—1. The best remedy I know for black ants is to fill a saucer with . sweetened water, add one teaspoon of tartar emetic and set it where the ants come. 2. For filling cracks in floors, make a thick paste of linseed oil and wheat flour. Use after first coat of paint and before the second has been applied.	\
Student:—1. The phrase “wearing • thc white flower of a blameless life” is
to Tennyson’s
Order Fertilizer Early./
As a result of labor shortage and the heavy demand on transportation for the shipments of munitions and
CONDITIONS OF THE CONTEST
Every girl may compete» el tb* rural srh»l lair i.i her district, whether or not sho att.uiJa school, providing that h.»r 12th birthday occurs More November 1st. IV!7, or her 19th birthday floe* not occur before Nov. 1, 1917. Oo# louf of brand muet be nhinittod baked in pan about 7x5 inches an-J .1 Inches deep, ami divided into twin loaves *> that they may Iw separated m ui#	trjk Crass* oj Ik- Wr§t Ft rtf.	(
at tho fair. The other hall <A the prise lord will be am to Agri-'ulturil College, Guelph, to compete h the District Contest* The judai i,i will Up done by Miss II. A Purdy, of the Department of Breudtuakiig a id Flour Teat mg. The local contest at the lair w ill lie cMtduetr I under the name rulve as all tho other regular cuaiests at your fairs.
District Ns. I. -Counties of Gteagsrry, Stormont, D<mdu, Oroar;Ile, l*ed*. Frontenac. Leonos and Addiagtoa, Carle:on. l-uiark, Renfrew.
District Ns. 2.-C.-suatiee of Hasting, Prince Edward, Peter-boro, Northu miser Ian i. Victoria, Durham
District N». 1.-Coentire of York. Ontario, Peel, ilaltoa. Wentworth, Oxford. Brant, Waterloo.
Norfo,k-
THE RHSCLTB of the contsitsnt the fair will be made known
ii Die usual way a* n the mho of all the other regular contint#, j he Diatrf t raulus will lie announced a* eooa as p-swihle niter the cuo-clieion of the Kuril HclyyA Fairs is the Province.
Housewife:—!. To make mint bags 4.	,
for the linen closet put into little silk "ther wer 8UPpl,e8- to “X nothing of b.gK a mixture made of a pound of ‘he ,Jncre1a8e °f ordinary harness there
dried lavender, an ounce at thyme, an f"8 d,eveloPe,J a v?ry 'a^ shortage of ounce of mint, an ounce of ground freight cars and one of the great cloves anti caraway seeds and a table- P**°^ems °* immediate future is spoonful of dry salt. 2. Food scientists , Increasing of transportation facil-
tell us that corn meal is not “heating” ilies and can therefore be used in summer.
It is a duty at the present time to use more corn and save the wheat for our Allies over the seas.
Bt the lair. One-hall will be
Tk-loaf
judged
Ontario
Investigation has shown that the trouble can be to a certain extent remedied by shippers and consignees arranging to utilize the full capacity of each car.
rying capacity of the railroads will be increased by at least one-third, the shipment of no other commodity ! has there been a greater wastage of car space than in shipments of fertilizer. The average order placed by the fertilizer agent has been for a car
The standard box car is
It may be
The Sianderd by which bread w ill be judged will be am follow<
1.	Appoaranmn of |»af .	|
(») Color........
(b) Tenure of < ruat (e) hampe of loaf ..
2.	Texture of Crumb
(a)	Kv
(b)	Silki (el Color ..
3.	Flavor of Bread
15 murks
in the “Dedication”
“Idylls of the King” and occurs in a
5 mark*
5	mark»
6	mark»
If this is done the car-
DO NOT %IW THIS GREAT OPPURTIWTTV Every girl hetwwei IJ ail 18 yeirs shouM wmpet/v What a splendid wmv to stir ur> i1 iaterest in breadmakiug I Get n supp! y of i >e*m of the Wait rt>jr at your dj*l»n aad prurtu* uemg it m* often u poeuhle to s irresse ike - h*nrtm of w ton lag If year Ufa 1er rannot ¦ell it t»y>i, write lo the O.mpbell I lour Mill 1 Co . Lid.. Toronto and wd will promptly tell you the nearest place to gel n.
40 marks
In
15 mark» 20 mark» 5 marks
P

o
45 marks
0


fa) Taste (b) Odor
25 mark» 20 mark*
NocoMpnrrmx^ tn counties named below.-
The oonopeutna ie open to all parti of the l*m\ine# where Rural Impeftsst. -Ea-rh bif must be ecrompamcd by the part of lha	®re hrl 1, exoep' tho Districts of Rainy River. Kenora
flour bag ooniainmg the fu^-e of the Old Miller, and an carry form	on 1 * hunier Bay. These distrL-n nre the onl / parts of the Pim mr#
muet be signed by the. girl and parent» or guardian elating dale of	where vbn>luine nr# n*li by the Department of Agra ultureio which
Luth. T O ad Ireai, and giving name of «lugW from wtiom Crtum	*«1» <->mporiti> i will not be a feature There are no district repre-
of the Wart Flour was purchaseI. The form n ill	to tlj.it the girl ’**ri ‘,lv*tof the Ueoirtment of ArHcnltuMjii	„m
actually Ink* I the I >*/ eitcrodii thee un petition. 1 he forma will Iw ,,»fUàs I
orox'ided at the lime of the fair. The den.ii.ja of the judaee h final HuD whool fairs art held it th Not more than one entry may he made by each girl and not more than one local prise will be awarded to the same family.
Which Dfalrtrt le yaere? This list shows you which counties ymi compete agaiast if you becoruea competitor lor tuo District prises:
t
Si
SteA1
I
of 21 tons.
built to carry 60 tons, loaded with a full 600 bags of fertilizer instead of the customary 250 bags, and one car made to do the work of two.
If farmers will give their orders early enough, it will allow agents to make up full cars. matically cut down by a half the number of freight cars needed to move the fall tonnage.

-P There ure oo dbirirt repra-
thfMo *•*«! mum im<J we sre opening the oumputition to thee*
2 fit
if#
INCREASING HOG PRODUCTION
By W. F. TAYLOR.
Pork is scare# in the market. I do not know how much the present sup, ply might be increased without lowering the price to a point where it could not be produced with profit, but I think we need not worry about any immediate decline in price. Hogs are scarce, pigs are hard to find, feed is so high,
• and the demand for pork so strong
that the temptation to sell every hog	Feed	l iberally.
off the farm that the buyer will take	pigs we do keep should be fed less the farmer Is in sympathy with
great.	growth if we	really the movement. The fertilizer trade	H
Breed Sows for Fall Utters. increase the sum of pork product*. If has grown up around the minimum OUT Bread-making Competition. We WÜ1 Shortly advertise in the home
ixrth.-™.*:	'th,% print page, of local weekli,, the name, of dealer, handling Cream of the
three things must receive attention,	pigs to someone who has. It is a	full	can are used by the dealer,	he West PlOUr.  %  •	____________
*/	Pint, we must breed our sows for fall	gVÉMliks to let a bunch of pigs	must
J ~ litters. Of course, it will be too late	live along, hungry as bears, growing	whe	i
for early fall pigs before this advice	just a little, but evidently preferring	lay.
^	can possibly be read. But we may be	to die if they only could, and waiting	It	is very important that	the agent
situated #o that we can take care of	for the corn to get ripe so that we. can	and	the farmer realize	that	in
litters that come late, sa I am sure	get something with which to fatten	this	national emergency full	cars must
that many of ua are.	them.	j be used. Farmers, order early even	._| I _ I______
It does not make me much difference But you say, “Hold on, do you ex-1 though it be Inconvenient to unload remain with the flock wing* droop, a hen pigs are farrowed, if they have	pect us to pay the present high prices j	cars	during the harvest
proper car#. They may come along	for feed and give It to the hofraî”
in mid-winter, providing the sow has	Well, I am putting a each full into the
a warm place, and the pigs have a	self-feeder as often as the hogs | 1
chance to exercise.	make room for it, and the faster they
Of course, it is not desirable to have eat, the more I shall get for my work, pigs come later than October 1, though If anyone who reads this doubts that some ef the best ones I have ever rale- I aaf right, let me ask him if he sd have been farrowed later than that, pacts that grain will be anv cheeper After all, It ia all in the care they re- next fall than it la now? Think for a
CXuntiua will be included.
none of the product» indicated, but rather it has the effect to diminish the supply.
pigs on.hand as we will feed liberally, we might better sell half of them to some one who will feed them, and thus make sure that all of them will be ready for market at tho earliest possible date.
This will auto-
The Campbell Flour Mills Co., Limited
If we have twice as many
(West) Toronto, Ontario
(Keep thii announcement for reference)
Since fertilizers are classed as preferred freight, it means freeing for other uses one half of the cars normally used for shipping fall
just that much.
Full cars cannot be ordered out un-
125
nd helping conditions by
o Dealers:
The above preliminary advertisement is inserted to inform the Public about
%
; have the help of the farmers must haul goods away without de-
least twice a	week. Squash or	pump-	,Und alone in the form	of a circle.
.	Una, cooked	and mixed in the	mash.	The shade ie good for the	baby chicks.
\	are good for	growth, production and	The chickens are good for the tree,
f health All	kinds of root# can	be fed	As they grow, they will	scratch the
soil and thus cultivate and enrich It, J I	Ml	Common field peas are egg food, besides destroying. many insect en-
whitish discharge, they are troubled p**, contain a large amount of nitro-
• •
The trouble with so many farm hens is that they do not get enough grain
raw or cooked.
Medidnal treatment is of little avail.
strong healthy
To-Day's The Time
One to-day la worth an eternity of yesterdays,
The life of a warplane is short, averaging scarcely more than three
them produce a profitable number of *******
***** to pey for their keep.	A new gasqMne-driven plow has
M" tm*	7 0 ftt hend- been invented in France to which are
meaha a decrease in the egg crop, .backed .teel hooks which, carried
_	**,*?*" on a revolving drum, pulveri
the fimls properly fed end cared for „„ * . considerable depth.
can
of
birds;
; feed
ex
This
A good pooltrrman easily discouraged.
All food should be thoroughly chew-
eeive, though it ie easier to give them moment of our present wheat short-let* Half-chewed food gives half it# Boiled oats, after dramir g off the that care in warm weather than in the age Consider the large amounts of nourishment.	The quick enter is a W1ter can be mixed with bran
breadstuffs that must be sent to the good waster.	The haste of modem corn-meal to mnk** a valuable
of the ocean before German’s! Ufa kse ******* ue *° esl quickly. We (clover hey cooked or ste»p*d
withWaaand com-meaTs
It Is
the
cold of winter.
Second,-we should proper# to feed bot well the pigs that we keep. To plant *ub
As soon as the com Is harvested sow
No two things about a farm go te- , rye or sow the rye in the standing
Rye can be sown later than
and
• them acquainted winter wheat and the nen^ y-hatched brood ran be uaadg^^g
fertiliser
Make
than we can feed, Pork can not be produced in sufficient beneficial to yourself and
to milk
Rye can also be
for mixing with the soft early.

to
If r
Um
IS
at the
iL
w peas a
Should be




4
%
*
###PAGE###8###
INSURANCE

CONFEDERATION
Tit Simile Bui an! Slit mi
__ CENTRAL CANADA
Exhibition
LIFE EST. 1871
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN
AND REST
CANADA owe* • debt of giatltadti to
the farseelng Statesmen who rtnlleetl tlmt the amalgamation of the four provinces. Ontario. Ou«*Ik*(\ New HrunewloK amt Nova Scotia, would one day form a part of the great Empire.
HAVE YOV tiii: mHwnuHT to PROTECT VOI R FAMILY AND 8Ü-t I KK TMKIR FVTVKK WITH .	.	.
THE OLDEST
COMPAN IBS.
Economy in Shoe Purchasing.
OTTAWA
; SEPT. 8 to 17
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rate* and Particular*.

E. FAR IS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
A CONFEDERATION LIFE POLICY ?
1917


BRECKENRIDOE
Confederation Life Association.
H. u. ANDRRSON, Agent»
1». SRWKLL ROB A RTS, Dis. Man
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. Slat
Tfl
Many people purchase low priced Shoes under the impression that it is Economy to do so ; but it is not Economy, because low priced shoes Must necessarily be made from low Priced materials—give half the wear And cost more in the end than high Grade shoes.
We handle the best makes at price very little higher than the ordinary low grade shoes.
Buy your Footwear from us and be Convinced of its superior quality.
4fi
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
FOR SALE
For sale a property situated on the north side of I.aug St., being lot No. 86. A good dwelling house, stable, kitchen ami well. Very cent rally located. For par.ivul.r.a^.0 B M(CVAIG
Shaw ville, Que
HOU'K OF COMMONS. BURNED FEB S*D. 1618 NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
At old prices • -
$25.000
7 Single Top Buggies
1 Kx press
1 Low-down Manure Spreader,
slightly used
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon & Evening BALLOONRASCENSIONS AND LOOP-THE-LOOP AVIATOR
$9,000 for horse; RACING.
PURE FOOD SHOW. GOV'T. EXHIBIT.
NIGHT Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks—British 11 u advance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the S HOW Forts at Kut-El-Amara.
4 4
VAUDEVILLE ACTS
HAY ON SHARES
J. L. HOIH«INS,
Shawville
DOG SHOW
The undersigned offer» a quantity oi good quality hay on shares to anyone disposed to undertake the work of reaping and saving *ame. Apply at once.
DUNCAN CAMPBELL,
Maryland.
NOTICE
1 will he 111 my former office (Now Dr. Fraser M on the afternoons of Friday and Saturday, July 27th and 28th to settle account» with debtor*. After this date all account» will be placed in a collecte: -hands
Boost the Exhibition
Encourage Production of every Kind
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
J. K. Paisley, Myr. <6 Stc'y
FOR SALE
STEWART McClbnaghan, Praidtnt
i. XV. ARMSTRONG
1 New Single Buggy 1 Good 2-Sea ted Buggy ^
1 Set Single Harness Also some other tools and othei small articles. Apply to
MRS. KNIGHT, Shawville.
Heifer Astray
Strayed or taken from the Cameron pasture, near Murrells, about 1st June, a rear old Holstein Heifer, spotted black and white; t white feet. Inclination that will lead to her recovery will be re warded by the undersigned.
¦	¦ JAS. 1). HORNER
Low Prices . .
Caretakers Wanted
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c. .
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
Fendcra will !*' received till fl o’clock, Saturday, 28th July, 1017, fur
P. E. SMILEY.
Card of Thanks
p. m
caretaking of the Schools of the Township of Clarendon for the coming school Duties—sweeping and dusting daily ; scrubbing at least four times and firing as long as necessary.
M. A. Mi-KINLEY,
Asst. Sec.-Trea*.,
School Mu. Clarendon.
XVv, the members of the family of the late Charles Stephens, wish to express our sincere thanks to many friends and neighbor* who shared their sympathy vcred sufficiently and so willingly l assistance at tl
ur great ln*rcaveinent caused
year
Local and District.
Leitvh, when he n
work, had - red a position a*
lames street
by the death of our dear father.
The Family
I to gv t
i as ledger keeper in the St K> branch of the Royal Hank <>t t anada, Here he met Mix Sandring who was 11so employed there. I he young couplt diortly became attached to each otliei md the courtship culminated in theii
n July 10th by
You can buy the from any city dealer daks ami »upplies. Amateur finishing ialty. H. IMisoN, Photo Artist.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
Shawville, July 17, 1)H7
t Eastmat
BRISTOL NOTES
S1
Tenders Wanted
The Patriotic services held in tin Brick church, Bristol, lor the apecia celebration of the Jubilee of Confedvm t ion were a decided success. The pro gram prescrib'd by the Presbyterian Publications was followed in both Brick and Knox churches. The childrens choirs delighted the congregations with their fine selections. Large congregations attended both sen ices, extra seats were required at Knox.
The evening service was held at Cush-
It was the
Mr. II. Burnett s family are occupying their cottage at Norway Bay.
Tenders will be received till *11 o'clock Saturday, 28th July, 1917,
¦ ¦	¦¦¦MT L
1
marriage at Renfrew M Uev. Mr. ijuaterinaine, the pair by pn * ?iit meeting at Ottawa ling together to Renfrew. ^
X their marriage they came to Sand Point <peml their honeymoon, taking quar-•s at Young’s hotel.
On Monday following, Bennett ap-
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
on
p. m
for building woodshed at No Specifications may be seen at Secretary s
office.	. .
Also tenders wanted for repairing No. 11 School fence and supplying and putting on two iron gates—tenderer supplying all material.
*	m. a. mckinley,
Asst. Sec.-Treas., School Mn. Clarendon
xml
been ^rangent
Haying operations lmvt considerably hampered by broken weather since cutting began. -	1
good many farmers have delayed commencing, however, till comb- t*
lions improve, and by thus stand- | ¦¦	WM	I
ing pat they are perhaps escaping peared on the scene, he having heard of n good deal of fruitless work. | the marriage at the Sandring home in
,	„ ,, ,	ont real.
Errors—In the report of Grade :	M ]A.itch mvt Bennett at the hotel
HEisiî:s,r- .........* c SLMrtt-Mys
No 7 Mary K. Prendergast, : and selecting a spot on the road well should have read Ray Premlergast. 'suited to the carrying out of the awful In a few hundred copies of the deed he had premeditated, coolly await-edition printed the grade was or- cd the return of his victims. When ronously given as Grade Nil in- they eventually drove along, Bennett, stead of XL	| revolver in hand, sprang out of the bush
and seizing the horse s bridle, commanded Bennett and his wife to alight, which
The many friends of Willis Business I they did.	camp	.
lElisiêssiis MÊmàË
.street», directly op|-osite the Citizen *aiu ....	.	•	.	inn Use-bell game, ice cream, etc.
building and eastern entrance of Bryson “ I was driving from Amynor to l as- This item ¦„ worthy of note lecause . ç. |	tleford with a lady friend and as «Lju, object. The hlmsule Home M.
sgspppii to
for offices : exceptionally fine lighting . ?•* feet ai»rt. One man did the shoot- ,minify. The Chib represents our pat-moveable partitions ; central location : *"« He. -tepi-cd over the man be had riotic activity. They have done it nobly, coolness in summer ; warmth in winter ; «hot and find .two more shots but what ,(.t	„„ ,itp,s,rl the workers nobly
comfort all year	he was shooting at I could not sec. l and liberally.	,	,
Each of these items increase their then turned my horse around and drove you possibly know that it rained efficiency and the working power of hack until I met Guy french, of Ken, every day last week, ami on thegkinous their students	trew> 111 il car- 1 8top|a-<l him and told Twelfth as well as on St. 8within a day.
Every one connected with the college him what l had seen. He asked wtn Some |-copie saw those forty days of is delighted with the move, pupils and get in his ear and accompany him This rain, and their cm,* al' lost. Notwith-staff alike being loud in the praises of 11 did, leaving my horse with my.friend. I Ending the showery weather, the the new t.remises. The large increase As we ai.pr.au-lied the scene of the I Orange celebration was a splendid sue-in attendance last year over previous shooting I saw one man standing and	.Norway Bay made an ideal place
years is a satisfying tribute to the work the other lying in the centre of the road. for the games, the speaking and the f,f this well-known organization and The one lying in the road had been shot. mewK The organizers are to Is was celebrated by the college securing "e drove up close and the man stand- ,,limeiited on their work and success the best results for its graduates in the ing told ns to keep on going and not to history of the school. Plans now ma- come back for some time. When the luring" coupled with larger premises, car swerved to go by the man lying on
will afford even better results during | the rewd I saw a lady lying on the roadside.
\ftvr
Pt
evi
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
man’s hall, Norway Buy first union meeting held under the new arrangement for the two summer months. It was of a Patriotic nature also. Rev. Mr. Harris spoke on “Our National Greatness." Th< re was special ind .< numbel	lid not gt t in —
Shawville, July 17, 1917
THE MARKETS
niUHii the ball was filled.
Among the many visitors to the Bay and Bristol was Aylmer (1st) Scout Troop. The Troop had been organized by Rev. Mr. Harris some years ago, and the boys came to Bristol for a week-end with their efficient Scout Master,
SHAWVIILE
Custom Sawing*.
Flour per barrel fM.CO Wheat, pei bushel, $2.(0 to *2 Oats.per bushel, 65c.
Beans per bushel, $6.00.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 27c
Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Kggs perd oxen 25e.
Wool, washed. 68c.i unwashed. Wc Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse 11 ides each 0.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.70 Veal Skins, each VOc
Come in
and see the
H0BBERLIN
!
TAILORING
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group is the most appropriate.
H. IM Ison, Photo Artis
Beautify I Range
FOR MEN
Musical Feat
One of the fastest composers that ever lived was Trot ere, the writer of songs. Some of the composer's feats verge on the marvelous. It Is said, for example, that be actually wrote the score of “In Old Madrid" and had dropped It Into the letter box within eight minutes of the time he had taken up his pen. This would be remarkable merely as showing bis dexterity and agility, to say nothing of the labor of the composition itself.
Q If you realise the importance of being dressed correctly you will understand why advise Hobberlin Suits and Overcoats.
Q The styles are the newest—they arc authentic and in good
and the fabrics represent the utmost in value.
Hundreds of Patterns to select from
Excluthe A genii Hobberlin Tailoring
Of
com
WC
Heat
Additional Tobacco Donations
from McCord
The Cuckoo.
In the middle ages the cuckoo was thought to be a god who took the form of a bird, and it was n sacrilege to kill him. The Romans were less superstitious and more practical. They caught him, killed him and ate him and held so bird could be compared with him for sweetness of flesh.
5®
*** Below is a list of the
the coming year
That Sand Point Tragedy
/
Wave
Suitings
test
%
The Newt Thing.
“This Is the sunset gun. The commanding officer bas to bear Its report rvery night/*
“And suppose It should fall to make t report T*	•
“Then 1 have to make a report"— Louisville Courier-Journal
we are showing. Do it now.
god 21
is a critical one, although < < *<arily held at Sand Pomi lor a .	days before her friends were
nett. a youth of 19, who lies in Renfrew I permitted to remove her to Montreal, hospital in a very critical condition, m fhe foregoing covers the main facts con*eMuer.ee of his self-i	m.i ea. ot tlllS *, t! ., , rime
All the parties came from Montreal, After tbe bluest, held at Arnprior, where they are well known and highly ^tch s remains were taken to Montreal
for burial, at the request of his father The cause of the terrible deed wash England, and interred with full mill *	1‘ By the old one of jealousy | Ury
At the inquest the jury brought in a verdict of deliberate murder against Bennett.
n'K
attempted suicide of the per pet rator of those acts—William D. A. Ben
unnecessarily held at Sand Point for a couple
each
Wigwag—I can always tell » married
Henpeckke— )h, I don’t know I Ton might occasion-illy run a cross a bachelor with a [roach.—Philadelphia Record.
Elgin Hodgina, Lyndon Carey, George Angus,
Lome McDowell,
Jam Hamilton,
Oeo. Hamilton,
Mils* Jones,
Jim Jones,
Garfield Hndgins Wishing everybody prosperity around
Id Shawville,
ARCHIE DOVER
Net Im It.
thought of
“Money talks. **
Tm sorry, then, but you'll have t# went
free P
We are, yours truly
on tbe part of young Bennett, who, it seems, was a lover the Sandring girl and had hoped to marry her next fall.
net of tbe debata/'-DetiwIt
Per R. W. Schwalm, McCord, Saak
