###PAGE###1###
O
No. 1, 35th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JUNE 28,	1017.	$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
I

Tl]e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1*74
THE HARDWARE STORE
BANK
Established 1864
Capital Paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF

OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sik H. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hebjuen GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C, Macarow
4,750,000
OTTAWA
96 Branches In Canada.
This article started on its upward climb two years ago, and has now reached a price higher than ever known.
BOARD OK DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,200,9*4 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
$7,000,000
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sir George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan, lion. George Gordon,
General Manager :
I). M. Finnic.
W. Duthie
John B. Fra*er, Vice President Alexander Maelaren,
M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George H Pcrîcy.
K. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : H. V. Gann.
Chief Insptctor.
10*.956,996
A Lucky Buy
-
Last fall we placed our order for Hay Fork Rope
at a price away below that prevailing and can offer Pure Manila made by Plymouth Cordage Co., the very best rope made at
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost N small and they ran be obtained at this bank, same are payable at par at any bank in Canada. The rates are as follows
$ 5.00 and under
5.00	to 010............
10.00	to $30............
30.UIJ to $50..........
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up saving* funds, atnl are thus prepared for the opixjrtunities or necessities of the future.
3c
(I
10
15
$7.00 per 100 feet.
Branches at Shawvtlle and Quyon
Manager, Shawvllle Manager, Quyon.
Goto Dover’s on Saturday for clothing snaps.
The Shawville H. M. Club work meeting will be at Mrs. Wm. Hod-gins on Wednesday evening of this week.
PERSONAL MENTION
W. F. DRUM A. A, REID
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hodge left on Friday last to enjoy a two weeks' vacation among relatives in the Eastern townships.
Dr. McNally of Campbells Bay, and W. 8. Clarke, of Morehead, naida short visit to Shawville on Tuesday afternoon.
Mr. and Mrs. Mills Clarke of Ottawa, have been spending a couple of weeks with their More-head relatives.
Misses Jennie and Kathleen Wilson, and brother Willie of the 73rd Battery, (who has just recovered from pneumonia) arrived Monday, to spend a few holidays at their JJteen Lake cottage.
Mr. Geo. W. Pingle, will be in town for a few days this week, so anyone having a piano in need of tuning should take advantage of having it done. Phone this office or call at the Pontiac House.
Mr. "Bob' Ilazelton, employed with the Russell Mfg. Co., of Toronto, in munition work, is taking a few holidays just now, part of which he spent in Shawville.
Its a Bargain • - -
Get Your Williams Fly Destroyer Here.
)
UENRY’S SHORTHAND “ Canada’s Best ”
n SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A box social will be hold at No. 1 School, Pontiac, on the evening of July 5th. Dancing afterwards. Admission 25 cent*. Ladies bringing boxes enter free. Come and enjoy yourself.
J. H. SHAW. J
COWLING
8


OTTAWA, ONT
Our instruction Is individual, and the school is open duiing the entire year ; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not par a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-hau l. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English, Correspondence
Send for circular
The Presbyterian Ladies’ Aid intend holding a Lhwii Social on Friday evening, July tith, at the home of Mr. Jas Ftilford, Starks Corners. A sale of useful articles and an excellent program are being arranged. Supper served from 0 to 8 o’clock. Admission 25 and 15 cents. Ce me one, come all
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May la»t.
Write for catalogue and copy of Go Ings Advocate.
W. E. Gowlixc President.
W. A. HODGINS
etc
of the icltl at
pg. monthly meeting II. M. C., will be h
The re Bristol
Elraside, on Thursday, July 5th,
at two o’clock. Program :	The
structure comiioeitioii and food requirements of the human body, by Miss S. J. Armstrong ; Delegates’ ve|x>rt by Mrs. Ja*. Mac-fa rla ne ; A demonstration on crocheting by Mrs. N. Robertson. Roll call : Cool, refreshing drinks.
SHAWVILLE
I). E. HENRY. President. Cor. Bank andSoarke Sts.
II. G. W. Braithwait Principal
Don't forget Dover’s Saturday bargains.
Men Attention !
I CAN PLACE 40
WILLIS GRADUATES
Births
At Chichester, Due.. June 10th, to Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Robinson, a son.
EACH MONTH
. A Lawn Rox Social will be held at the home of Mr. George Elliott, Morehead, on Wednesday evening, July 4th, by the Soldiers’ Comfort Club, of Morehead. Ladies are requested to supply boxes. Supper will be served to those who do not purchase boxes at 25cents, each. Proceeds will go to purchase material for the Club with which to make necessary articles for the soldiers at the front. All cordially invited.	•
Mr. and Mrs. Adam Kempt, and soi) Pte. J. M. Kempt, of Mechanical Transport, of Blackburn, accompanied by Mr. K C. Nelson, Ottawa, were visitors over the week-end at Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Elliott’s.
Employers ask me each month to supply Wm with art average of 40 young women ! young uien and hoys.
I During the past year I have filled 250 ! good position* ; 4 have had calls for fully 250 more.
I Our Shorthand training Is universally thought of resident of this neigh- recognized hy the largest employers in
•Misses Diinkin, Goffand Rothera, I borhood has been removed by Canada a* the standard. three teachers of the Academy death in the person of Mr. James they are the ones who count. staff during the year just closed, Wilson of the 5th line, who passed If you have the equivalent of a Public
EÈE3B|: 35 ppppiKS ! IsiEiEiF
ment here and hav^becured posi- health. He is survived by a Full particulars upon request. Do not
lions in other towns.	| widow mud two eons Rexford and delay.
Herman —the latter in Alberta ;j	N. I. Harrison, Principal
also by one sister, Mrs. William WILLIS COLLEGE McDowell of Saskatchewan, all _________
lot Whom ha w the <lee|t, sincere FOR SALE—Small Quebec Heater for sympathy ot the community 111 wood or coal; also combined Wilting their loss. The remains-ot the de- De-k and Book Case. A bargain in ceased were interred in the Shaw-, either.—M. Prendkruast, Shawville. ville cemetery on Thursday after- '-----------------------
iV*»'. following wrv.ee in the i APPRENTICE WANTED-A younK Methodist Church, at Which the smart boy wanted at once to learn tin pastor, Rev. Mr. Tripp ofliciated. j smithing. Apply toG. E. Waixman.
A large attendance and numerous floral tributes bore testimony of the respect and esteem in which the deceased was held.
Our Stock of Fine Shirts is now
complete.
Plain and fancy striped, with or without soft collars, either soft, double twin cuff or stiff cuff, at the popular price of $1.00 each.
r
Deaths
Another well-known and highly
The Clarendon Homemakers’ Club, organized a short time ago. scored quite a success financially by the box social, held under its auspices at the home of Mr. Jas D. Hodgins on Tuesday evening of last week. The weather was favorable to the event and the attendance was large. Something over ÜWÜ.0U was realized, which sum will be devoted to the purchase of materials for making soldiers’ needs. The ladies of the Club feel very grateful for the liberal patronage accorded them.
OTTAWA
Sport Shirts, $1.00 to 1.25 each

IT eg lige Shirts, all sizes, $1.00
/ 10NCRETECUL VERTS. PIPES AND ^ curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T M< Dowell Sc Son. Shawville Que.
*
Mr. J. H. Shaw received a bunch of letter* from hi* sou Claude on Wednesday night written before and was wounded now in an English hospital, states he was wounded by a piece of high explosive shell which struck him just below the knee-cap. The sensation, he says, was Hke being hit with a stone, reminding him of the frequent cracks he got from the puck while playing hockey. He was the only cne hit of the several men in his squad who were engaged at the time taking ammunition to the front, to which
lose when
Work Shirts
last — some some after he Claude, who is
!
The funeral took place here on Saturday morning from the home of Mr. Robt. R. Corrigan, of Mrs. Joseph R. Elliott, who before marriage was Miss Lizzie Water-son of Montreal, and a daughter of the late John Waterson, of Fermanagh, Ireland. The late Mrs. Elliott, whose home was at Stralinear. Mask., died at I)odd*land hospital, Sa*k., oil Sunday, June 17th, from pneumonia, in the 43rd year of her age. She had been in delicate for a few years, but had somewhat improved when she was stricken clown with the disease

These are bargains at the present price of material.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Eastman’s Ko-
daks and supplies. Amateur finishing specialty. H. Imison, Photo Artist.
a
50c. 75c. and $1.00 each.
Pte T. E. Lunam. of Campbells Hay, has been wounded, according to the casualty list published on Monday.
Thomas Walker Cotie, a son of Robert Cotie, of Bounechere Point, 15 years old, was drowned on Friday afternoon last in the Ottawa river, a short distance from shore, by the capsizing of a canoe in the high wind that prevailed. The body was recovered about two hours afterwards. The funeral of the victim of the sad accident took place on Saturday.

Also a full line of Summer Underwear, both two piece and combinations in fine Balbrig-gan, Merino and Natural Wool.
they were pretty c Claude was hit.
L-CORP. ALBERT H INDES
who was killed at Vimy Ridge April 9th mentioned
She was a devoted wire and lov-
----	,	in g mother, of a gentle, pure,
Friends of the deceased young soldier Christian character, always ready in this neighborhood have received a to help when and wherever help copy of the following letter written to was needed ; beloved by all who his mother, Mrs. John Hinder of 76 knew her. Her remains arrived Campbell street, Cambridge, England, here on Friday evening, accoin-by Major Macintosh Bell, who wrote pnnled by the sorrowing husband from Croydon regarding her son’s and little daughter, Florence, also Louis Ethier Dies in France
*_	his brother James, and Mrs. Noble.	, , .	.	.	.
a niece of the deceased, and Everybody in town who knew “ News has just reached me from brother, Mr. James Waterson, of Louie Ethier (Hickey) expressed France of the death in action of your Montreal. A train wreck in the regret when they learned from splendid son, Lcc-Corv’l Hi tales, and 1 west on the line over which the W ednesday s casualty list that lie cannot tell you how deeply I sympathise party came to Shawville delayed was among those listed a* Killed with you in your great bereavement, their arrival by about 28 hours, in Action. Iconic worked at the All through the Somme fighting and otherwise thty would have reach- tailoring tiade in this village tor
I Vimy Ridge, ed here on Thursday.	a considerable time, and wa. a
ef of the Service was conducted by the member of the local Ins key team
and bravery, but owing to his The	adorned with tawa ami spent several months
beautiful flower* :	wreath from doing garrison duty in Bermodu,
Mr. and Mrs. James Waterson, of before proceeding Montreal ; wreath from Elliott announcement of his having been fMroi|y	killed In action indicate* that he
The iwllbenrer. were wlx bro- likely gave np the tailor> bench to there-ln - Uw of the decreed- engage in the more «trenuon* ih <;n-Hugh, Willi.in. Thom*., Alex., pwtion of lighting the enemy. HU Waiter and Adwm Elliott,	iclatlvee wide In Westmeath
Masons Attend Charon.
Fifty members of the Craft attended the annual Masonic parade and service at St. Paul's Church Sunday morning, at which the District Chaplain, Rev. A. T. Phillips gave a very eloquent address on the aims and true objects of Masonry, taking for his subject the îmssage found in I Kings 8—14.
The turn out was probably the largest ever witnessed here on a similar <occasion, and included^a few visiting brethren.
After service the brethren repaired to the adjacent cemetery find conducted the interesting ceremony of decorating the graves of departed Masons with sprays of beautiful white carnations, the first spray being placed upon the grave of the late William Shaw, who died in 1872, and whb was one of those who took an active interest in the organisation of Pontiac ge. This fact was referred to at the grave in a short yet impressive address, by Rev. Bro. Phillips.
Beautiful weather favored the day's proceedings throughout.
Gentlemen !
on
Now that the summer is here, do not forget that we have the most up to the minute line of
Straw, Sailor, Panama and Fine
Chip Hats
To be had anywhere in Pontiac.
during the long winter on Corporal Hindex, ** the chi
a wry bill» y
very pleasant nature, I bad a great *f f<>r him as
soldier and splendid man is gone, and again offering my sympathy to you,
r*
W. A. HODGINS
It grieves me think this fine
Tl
overseas
*a/ to
can
I
full
(Major) M Bell.
###PAGE###2###
BUTTER PAPER
Write for my mue 1rs ted Booklet
upon the revelers at Paul’s studio suddenly and unannounced.
“We are gendarmes,” shouted Jak-obski, “and you are all under arrest.”
Pat was, at the moment, standing in the middle of a table, passing out cakes to the throng, dancing around in her joyousness and inspiring the revelers in their mad fun. Wh Jakobski and his gang burst through the door, Pat waited only for the announcement he made.
Then she smashed the lamp hanging over her head, and threw the studio into darkness.
"Sphinx Kelly was in the thickest of
ami thecrowZuA oStTf'thv^tudlo	This woman live, on a farm,
and down the stairs.	I ,lw!' "" ‘,f hpr	housework, m-
Sphinx Kelly seemed to be the ape- eluding the laundering, helps care for vial object of attack, and Jakobski’» the garddh, raises chickens, and cares men kept him busy revelling their as- for two children, one five and the oth-saults. In the scramble and lighting er seven years old, yet she never
Vat managed to avoid collisions, and seems tired or nervous and her house was near Jacques when she saw Kel- ,	,	t
, B I he tended8,h/ ' %w«y't',"'tho "After breakfast I wash the, dishes FOURTH EPISODE— (Contd).	street.	and put the house in order,’ she con-
Jacques submitted his strong shoul- Grasping Jacques and pulling him tinued, “then 1 care for my children, dors for Pat to use in climbing high	after her, Pat was soon	clambering	bring from	the garden what vegetab-
enough to dislodge “The Dawn of Lib-	down stairs, eager to keep	Kelly with-	]es ] will	need, then do my special
ertv” from its hangings and making jn sight. Just as she reached tho work for the day—cleaning, baking, or all possible speed, “The Purple Mask I street she saw the Sphinx being un- ironing, as it mav be. At ten o’clock and the prize winner Jakobski had by ceremoniously thrown into an automo- , go (o my ^ ,,arken jt> 1<K)een my
cha ngv'i places ‘ami "were *hung‘ saft'ly To her Apache friends who had clothing and lie down for a half hour, behind the heavy draping*.	come with Jacques as a special guard If 1 uni very tired 1 sometimes go to |
As a final touch of her achievement,	to the “Queen of the Underworld,” the	sleep, but even if I do not sleep I rest. ] terioration
she hung a purple mask on the corner	girl	gave	orders that	the	automobile	I try to forget all about my work and
of the frame which surrounded "lhe bearing Kelly from the scene must be just let go and rest. The children Dawn of Liberty." Then the daunt-	kept in sight. Then tumbling into the	understand	that I am not to be dis-
le>s girl and her faithful assistant	machine that had brought	her to the	turpe(^ amj	are willing to play without
made good thek escape. ,	, studio, Put waa soon following the Mamma for half an hour.
The ceremony of awarding the	|EM|] "When 1 get up I feel like new; so
grand prize attracted a great throng------------ 1 *tart tho d,.nner and then clean
judges of their procedure, that they	'#### 1PP*: j ^8 finish up my work, but I always have
foolishly made no effort to examine	an bour m the afternoon too, and
the painting, and nobody disturbed the	generally two, or even three,
draperies that hung before the	v	try to get as much as possible
SjîÆWrf 1FHBBê IPriïFSrFr
their award to Exhibit No. 24—and as	how UP to that hme» but to plan
they made their declaration, the	my work to make ae few steps as
fortunately for their reputation, made	¦	SB gest part of my work done by ten
the title of the subject -for' b£‘or*|	'JSK/mÊs " jfeSjSÊiI “But can you do that on wash days
^The crowd * applauded the decision,	,“'es»” she replied, “if I hurry and
and having once made it the judges,	XMÈ -1 the washing is not too big 1 am all
despite their chagrin and astonish-	I j through by that time g	JÊ
ment, could not reverse themselves.	through I just let the clothes soak
Paul Duvelle was beside himself with	JjHI while I rest, then finish when I get
ioy, and in his excitement he would	UP* I’ve found out that there are few
have exposed Vat to the suspicion of, ^	things that can’t stand to be left for a
L*JM
fllui her.	IDBk	could never stand my work.”
“How glad I am that you have won," said the girl when, a little later, she congratulated the young artist. “We shall celebrate to-night with a party at the studio, and I'll pay the expenses.” And Paul, in the rapture of his happiness, was further delighted
in the prospect	.
Sphinx Kelly heard all about “The Purple Mask” and suspected that Pat was the beautiful model, lie likewise presumed that there would be|I I
lilBIIHl»555
all in fantastic garb and in high barrier^	^ ^ ^ J	Canning Advice
EEJJj ,	& short flight of stairs, and, with
Jacques closely following, she mount- serving do not use any powders or Jakobski, half wild in rage and dis- e(j t0 the f]00f- above the street. She preparations for keeping fruits or appointment, because his plans had listened intently to the scuffle and vegetables. It is not difficult to keep been frustrated, determined that he sharp voices that reached her ears fruits or vegetables, but it is absolute-should be avenged upon the perpe- from the room below. She heard trator of the trick that had so decid-, heavy doors slide upon their rollers edlv upset his ambitions.	• Then Jakobski and his gang scrambled
There were always henchmen at to get away, hand to do his bidding, and Jakobski In a moment Pat heard a voice, that bacteria
had Paul followed to his studio, when she easily recognized, shouting for The use of alum and its equivalents he went home in triumph with his help from the room below. Command- in pickling is positively injurious and prize. Jakobski’s man learned of the ing Jacques to aid her, the girl used must not be thought of. If you will celebration—and Jakobski determined an axe that was fortunately at hand fQu0W carefully the directions in any to be i resent.	. to chop madly a- the thin planking <> ^ coo^ hook you will find that the
jFEHHiusts
of the arrangements. When evening down upon the rotm beneath her. The only be obtained by careful up-to-date esme Jakobiki had everything re- horrified girl beheld a sight that near- methods.
hearsed and ready to proceed. With jy made her faint. There was Kelly, Fruits may also be canned without a party of burly henchmen, he burst in striving madly with his bare hands, to gUgar, or syrup may be used in plaeo
tear the boards from the wall and sugar. Fruit canned without sugar make a foothold and handhold to save himself by climbing from a terrible fate
dtmifel
Gamer
1
WlG
•bon
DIAMONDS
nutter Makers, get our low price# finest quality Butter Paper.
BRITISH WHIG PUB. CO.
KINGSTON. ONT.
I
mm
on
1710 Royal Bank Bldg TORONTO
L. J. POTTS,
en
MASK
/or
pound of sugar to every pound of mixed fruits. Do not cook rhubarb in tin saucepans.
The Economy of Rest.
“I rest for one-half hour each morning," said my neighbor when I asked her how she did her housework so
Mens .Womens and Childrens Shoes
Looks Better Lasts Longer Easy to use Best for Shoes
Qp (iraœ Guvcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Pfoy of the Same Name by the Universal Film
Mfg. Co.

White Ca^c
White Liquid
lOc.
“War Bread” of Three Nations
i
The British Tommy, when fresh bread la not available, is suplied with what he calls “dog biscuit." It looks like just that; being a thick cracker four inches square and weighing three of whole-wheat flour pressed

>s

ounces
solid it might be rescribed ns a condensed loaf of bread have a “war bread” somewhat similar, which, when put into hot water or soup, swells up like a sponge. The famous German “pea sausage'* is composed of pea meal, bacon and fat. It was the invention of a Berlin cook, who discovered a process wherebyspea meal could be made proof against de. One sausage, eight inches long, yields twelve plates of nutritious soup.

fVv
/
The French



WHITE
SHOE
DRESSING

MMMILt O N , CAN .
CO- OF
F .F.
» m
oiaMONd
»
4
diamond
?
4
After dinner
Wisely obstinate is the farmer's

wife who insists on qualify
and who buys only the best sugar—because
ST. LAWRENCE RED DIAMOND gkamSaU
In that way I get the big-
;
will never cause preserves to ferment the organic impurities which tftart fermentation.
—admittedly without any superio as it does not contains
If I am not
WE SUGGEST
that the 100 lb. bag of St Lawrence Red Diamond Extra Granulated, is the best for the Farmers’ Home.
It ensures full weight of the best sugar and avoids frequent trips to the store.
Your dealer can supply Red Diamond in Coarse Grain, or Medium, or Fine, as you may prefer, z
. SIMPLE PRECAUTIONS.
To Succeed with your preserves, buy good fruit—It must not be overripe.
Buy Good Sugar— St. Lawrence Red Diamond Granulated.
Sterilize your jars thoroughly.
These precautions prevent the usual causes of failure.
i
Strawberry Shortcake
Mix 2 cups flour, 4 teaspoonfuls baking powder, % teaspoonful salt, 2 tablespoonfuls sugar and sift twice. Work in l4 cup butter with fingers. Add 7k cup milk gradually board, divide into 2 parts, and roll out to fit the cake tin; using the least possible flour to roll. Put one part on tin, spread lightly with melted butter, then place other part on top. Bake 15 ' minutes in hot oven
I
I
Put on
How Glad 1 Am That You Have
Won.”
a
When baked,
Good Fruit deserves Good Sugar—get the
ST. LAWRENCE RED DIAMOND cjuSSjutd
When canning, pickling and pre-
Sokt tn many style* mad •lams of Rmfinmry Smmlod pockfu.
MONTREAL
44-17
ST. LAWRENCE SUGAR REFINERIES LIMITED,
DIAMOND
diamond
ly necessary to sterilize the contents of each jar for sufficient length of time to kill all spores, germs and
»
4
4
WHAT IS THE W ORLD WORTH?	I things. With man gold takes on its	ing things, ideas, feelings and the
--	color, its preciousness; with man land	like *8 8t*^ to communicated toman,
Set Up a Pair of	Value Scales And	and land's products begin to have	ouKht to be the valuing animal.
¦¦ ¦	| ¦	|	I ¦	¦	1 The great teachers have been teach-
ers of values. Buddha sought to
__________________***
ossful results will that mind thinks, knows	the	feel the value of knowledge
*°The floor of the tightly waled room V necessary to drain the liquid from e«rth has no value	The business of life does not consist	hi, Norwegians to see the
in	which	he	madly	struggled,	was	the	canned	fruit,	add	the	sugar	and	“For sale, cheap.	Such a signboard	in accumulating things on the outside,	worth of ^uth. The values must
slipping	from	under	him,	sliding	in	bring to	boil.	Cook for	five minutes	might be stuck up	in the earth any-	but values on the inside. Once educa-	w#jt fof ^ veluer
two parts, under the walls of the room and then pour over the fruit; this fruit where, over mine or in fertile field, tion had to do with words; then it be-	, values
- s rt-z 5s.*- s ss	jAsxn
which surged madly about in their	_ does not value it. the ange] would values. Man must be taught on - Y«i can be^u must ne, y
•"“"“KisT	m. Rh*,..	- ;.k. «,««. h...,., .b» h. mjj— s-jesv,.\i:
, wL- "	.ZtZ" VZXXl'% >'	SAS jSiMSr est: = p£ ZZSTJZS
-	irm. sv tAtlsc* F - riïHF
Seal at	^ a worthless mass of mere perform tricks, but the trick of valu- Y our bram 11 your 8choul of val
In itself the earth is worth-
value
Determine its Real Worth
less
Men know by measurement the size
He
Ibsen


Lantic
Sugar
It need

Has Nothing to Hide

they go?
I wonder where their smell?
I wonder what the talking squirrels erflowing with cold water	I
tell,	once and set in a cool dark place. The
And what the quiet, shiny fishes natural acid of the rhubarb prevents
growth
To can by the hot water bath meth-! or, as sterilizing in the boiler is called, wash the rhubarb and cut in inch pieces, plunge in boiling water for two “I wonder how the small birds fly minutes and then dip in cold water, so well
And why the winds that blow the and pour in a thick syrup till cans ov-
^By thick	is meant
Me too up through the far green tops syrup made in the proportion of four of trees?”	pounds of sugar to three quarts of wa-
All day “I wonder”—faintly as a ter, boiled until it is hard to pour it prayer—	I from the spoon. The syrup should be
“I wonder,” and her deep, eyes, un- boi.ing when poured on the rhubarb.
resigned, signed,	Proceed as in canning any product and
Study the flight of swallows on the sterilize fifteen minutes.
breeze,	I Fruit combinations that may be
As lips, half open, murmur to the cooked with rhubarb include pineep-
nle. raisins, dates, oranges, apples and '	. Peel and cut rhubarb, and
with the amount of sugar re-
Now that the Government
has absolutely prohibited the use of any artificial coloring matter in sugar, we tell you again that we have
used Ultramarine
used Aniline Dyes Vegetable Dyes
in refining any of our sugars.
This means that every pound in the hands of v our grocer is pure and uncoiored.
So—why take chances? Why not insist on having Lantic—-
the Sugars that have always been pure, and cost no more than any other?
know ?”
From dawn to eve. but most when lights are low
And sunset ray and vapor weave their spell—
Z

—never
Blue
Pack the cans as tightly as possible
erf low
birds won’t b»ow
D
A



Sugar Loafe” of grandmother ¦ day, to the sparkling “Extra Granulated” in your own cat-glass bowl, Redpath Sugar has appeared three times daily, for half a century, on thousands of Canadian tables.
From “Ye Olde

air
W S
The tremendous “I wonder** of man*
ppm*
cover
quired, and let it stand in warm place until sugar Is melted. Add desired fruit, cook until, when tried in a saucer, it is of jamlike consistency. Use two pounds of rhubarb to one
kind
over
—Herman Hegcdor.., in the Outlook.


.	"Let Redpath Sweeten it ”
Made in one grade only the highest 1

;
A Popular Number
Numberless people think they are
Me.
IN
10,20, 50 and 100 lb. Bag,.
###PAGE###3###

DOING "OUR BIT."
JUST EIGHT.
HELP
When You Eat Bread
you are entitled to everything in the whole wheat grain. Dr. Wiley says: “Wheat is a complete food containing all the elements necessary for human nutrition." But be sure you get the whole wheat in a digestible form. Shredded Wheat Biscuit is whole wheat made digestible by steam-cooking, shredding and baking—the best process ever devised for preparing the whole wheat grain for the human stomach. Two or three of these crisp little loaves of baked whole
HHArmt
w
ANT ED --BLANKlt I-at lie ami < General Machinists
Hluo i It I, in Maker*
Apply Brown Ho*** Co., Limited. Harnll ton.
New Design for Bathing Suit
I'm just turned eight years old to-day. That’s getting pretty old, but say I wisht it didn’t take so long To grow up really big and strong Like Dud. For Dad, he’s awful tall, And nothin' can’t scare him at all; That’s why he’s went away to war.
I don't know what this fightin’s for, That is, not altogether quite.
But I know this,'that when't comes night
I wish I had my Dad. At tea It's awful lonesome, just us three.
’N then when Sis bedtime comes
“Now to those who search the deep— Gleam of hope and kindly light,
Once, before you turn to sleep,
Breathe a message through the night.
Never doubt that they’ll receive it, Send it, once, and you'll believe it.
“Think you these aerial wires Whisper more than spirits may?
Think you that our strong desires Touch no distance when we pray?
Think you that no wings are flying Twixt the living and the dying
—Alfred Noyes
I
Day and night
IT'S
/
G
y

w
ANTED—M AKHLK AND CHIAN-Ite Letterer. Apply (Jeo. M. Paul
i
t
1
Htirnla. Ont
*****
i
#w
KOFIT-MAKINO NEWS AND JOB Office» for sale In good Ontario town». The most useful and interesting of all businesses Full Information on application to Wilson Publishing Com* gany^T)	HI.. Toronto.
P
i*GllUTT COMPANY
TORONTO owr
t
msoBLUAinoue
?*»

1ANCER. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC.. Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Write uh before too late. l>r. Heilman Medical Co.. Limited. Colling wood. Ont.
C
There ain’t no Dad to do my sums. But ma, she says that's for the rig# t That daddy’s went away to fight,
’N then she looks all light an' glad A’thinkin’ of how brave is Dad.
*N then she calls me sonny-man 'N pats my head and says ! can Grow big an’ brave like him, an' strong
By doin’ nothin’ mean or wrong,
'N then she kisses me an* cries ’N turns away to hide her eyes.
Say, don’t I wisht I was all grown;
Making flutter
?
CHILDHOOD CONSTIPATION
ON THE BRINK
ed to-day that we would make our own.”
Constipation in children can he promptly cured by Baby's Own Tab-They are a gentle but effective
How An Aviator Narrowly Missed Death Near Antwerp.
“Oh, did you?” said her husband.
,	,	,	,	_	.	“Vr-.; I bought a churn, and J order-
laxat've which thoicighly regulate e(I buttermilk to be left regularly, the bowels and sweeten the stomach
and thus drive out all childhood ail-
Concerning them Mrs. J. B.
lets
What thrills can be keener than the thrills of an aviator? Supreme successes, the narrowest of narrow escapes, disappointments and tragedies, follow one another swiftly in the lives of the winged koldiers who are fighting in Europe thoughts of Lieut. Robinson when he brought down the Zeppelin over London, and what was in his mind when recently the hostile guns brought him down in France?
)
Won’t it be just lovely to have really fresh butter?”
mente
Tauffcnbach, Richer, Man., writes: “I have used Baby’s Own Tablets and have found them an excellent medicine for constipation.’ are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
wheat with milk and berries,
make a delicious nourishing I'd take my gun, an’ all alone
meal. Made in Canada.
I’d wipe ’em all clean off the map ’N bring my great, big Daddy back.
But then I’m only eight, you sec,
Rome Facts About the South-American *N have to grow lots ’fore I’ll be
Republic.	As big as Dad. But yet you know
What Ma says must be right, and so
The federal republic of Brazil is ; help to grow a big, brave man	In Tales of the Flying Services, Mr.
the largest state in South America, py	g00dest boy I can.	C. G. Grey tells of a great disappoint-
and is greater in area than European	—Maude Broomhall. ment and an extremely narrow es-
Russia, Austria-Hungary, Germany,	--------*------- ‘cape that fell to the lot of a young	HH
France, Norway and Sweden Den- , p	iwril/urCC aviator at about the time Antwerp fell.	bathing suits have also appear-
mark, Italy and Greece put together.	LIINulKIiNu	WlARNLjJ	Late one afternoon this officer was out	C( •. The model shown here is develop-
The .population of Brazil is esti-,	on duty, when far away to the east	in black satin with a deep band of
mated at about 16,000,000, including|	F 01 LOW IlV(l DIjlAjL he spied a long, pale shape shining in griped satin about the lower part.	„
1,600,000 Italians, 1,000,000 Poitu-	' ^uuvnuiv	,t ’was obviously miles Not,ce the smart way the band is
guese and 250,000 Germans.	away. He had already been in the	Pitched, leaving the upper edges free
Brazil was formerly an empire, but	Bantahed	by	the	Wonderful air for some time, but he knew just	at the sides in pocket effect. McCall
at the revolution of 1889 the empire	*	wsillema» how much gasoline he had in his tank pattern No. 7780, Misses’ Bathing,
became a republic and Dorn Pedro II., lon,t 1 owers Of Dr. Williams when ^ started and how long he could Suit» to be slipped on over the head or
the then emperor, was exiled.	pjnk pfflg.	fly before he would have to come opening on shoulder, in 4 sizes; 14 to
The national congress, the legisla-	down. He decided to chase the thing 20 years. Price, 20 cents,
tive authority of Brazil, consists of	How often victims of disease	such	for half an	hour,	that would leave These patterns	may	be	obtained
a chamber of deputies and a senate,	as la grippe, fevers, or contagious	him a shade	over half an hour’s fuel	from y°ur local McCall dealer, or from
which meets annually, but no laws can	troubles "are left weak, ailing and	des-	with which	to get	home. Off he	the McCall Co., 70	Bond	St.,	Toronto,
be passed without the president’s	pondent after the disease itself	has	went.	Dept. W.
disappeared
Keep Mlnard's Liniment In the house*
What were the
Gwenda: “Is there anything as bad as being all dressed up and nowhere to go
ready for company, and having nobody call.
The Tablets
*»»
Brenda: “Yes. Getting
OUR NEW ALLY, BRAZIL
Perhaps it is be yontl the power of words to express ~ them.	I
?
AUTOMOBILES FOB SALE
Conserving His Energy.
Clarence announced his approach by a rising succession of howls “Oh, my finger! my finger!” he cried.
“Poor little finger!” his mother coo. “How did you hurt it?”
“With the hammer.”
“When?”
A long time ago,” Clarence sobbed. “But I didn’t hear you cry.”
“I didn't cry then; I thought you were out,” said Clarence.
mUDHOPE. l-PA88ENfJER. 4-CYLINder Touring Car. In good running order. This car has been painted and varnished this season 1’rlce $300.
Q MOC'ALfc
*
Since slip-on dresses are popular
II
LTI)80N. 1916 MODEL. 6 CYLINder. 7 Passenger Touring Car. Electric lights and starter. Recently overhauled and newly painted. Tire» In good Price
[ IUDSON, 1916 MODEL. 6 CYLÎN-J » der. 7 Passenger Touring Car. with electric lights and starter. Thoroughly overhauled in our shoo and newly painted. Heat covers on all seats and doora Overalls tires. Price $1,200
II
UDSON. MODEL 37. 5 PASSENGER.
LI* ' lc
4 cylinder Touring Car lights and starter. In good running order and newly painted. Looks Price $650
When Your Eyes Need Care
VNe Murine E.ve Medicine. NoSm.-irtliig-Feelk Fine —Avte Oulckly. Try Sure Eyes and (Jmutilated
pounded by our Octillwt»—
Medicine"—but used In miecetuifiil Phy ale Ians' Practice for many venra Now dedicated to the Public and sold by Druggists at 60c per Bottle. Murine Bye Salve In Aseptic TuIm-s 25c and 50c. Write for book of the Eve Free. Murine Eye Remedy Co-noany. Chicago. Adv.
like a new
t
car
it fur Red, Weak, Eyelids. Murine is not a “Patent
|>\IGE SEDAN. A VERY FINE J looking closed car seating fl va Electric lights and starter, also Inside dome light. Nearly all the windows open, which given ample ventilation for summer driving Price $700.
rom
They do not pick up
?
sanction
As he got closer it became clear that
The qrmy of Brazil	consists of 40,-	strength as they ought; remain list-	the object was on the ground, and dis-
000 men. besides 20,000 gendarmerie.	less tired and discouraged. The rea-	tinctly yellow in color, which proved	Officer:	“Now, Private Jenkins, I am
Brazil is the naval power of South ; son for this is that the blood has that it was not a Zeppelin, for all Zep-1 going to give you a very responsible	, , WTTn„,lN iail ni,. ...... . ,IIOH
America, and its navy consists of been impoverished by the ravage of pelins are gray. The size showed job. Under our advanced trench is a Don’t shirk; don’t worry; don’t ex-1 || powered six cylinder 6 passenger three dreadnoughts, two old battle- the disease through which the victim that it was not a Parseval; and so he large mine. I want you to stay there Plain; don’t knock; don’t kick; don’t Touring Car. in good running order and ships, five protected cruisers and has passed. Strength , will not re- began to think that he had discovered and when the mine goes up I want you	don’t loaf; don’t lag.	|	Î-vamkm
other smaller craft, including eleven turn until the blood has been enrich-, something rea Iy new. Still won- to blow this whistle. Now, do you Be—prompt, alert, quiet, determin- S rer 4 cylinder Touting Car in good
The blood can be purified and defing, he came down lower. Then, clearly understand?	ed, steady, helpful, unselfish, consid- running order. Tires In good shape,
marines.	enriched by no other medicine as	suddenly, he saw how he had been sold.	Private	Jenkins: “Well, there’s one erate, gracious, observant brave, clean.
Rio de Janeiro, the	capital, with a ‘ quickly and as surely as by Dr. Wil-	His colossal airship was a long, thin	thing I’m	not certain of, sir. When	----- I iAckson~$ passenoerT* cylin-
population of over 1,000,000 inhabit- liams Pink Pills—to enrich the blood strip of overripe grain nlorg the side do I blow the whistle—going up or MlnArd,e l,n,Bllt ttB#d by phyeician». J der during Car lias electric lights
ants, is the largest city in South and strengthen the nerves is the of a hill that had been lighted up by coming down?”	------ ! "tarter, good tires, and is a bargain
America; it stands on the west side, whole mission of these pills. Thou- ; the rays of the setting sun. - I	_____ Insufficiently Protected	H 16 pr re* 9
of the hay of Rio de Janeiro, the sands have found them beneficial	Sadly and swiftly he made his way
most magnificent natural harbor in bringing strength and energy after toward home, wondering whether he the world.	i disease had left them weak and run could reach it, for in his enthusiasm
About three miles southwest of the down. Miss Hannah Hamilton, Ev- he had overstayed his allotted time, city stands the precipitous cone of erett, Ont., says:—“After an attack of At the height at which he was flying Rap.l,i pic.kmg of. berries or other caterpillars, and she had asked a tlon.
Corcovado, nearly 3,000 feet high, up la grippe I was so run down and he was well in the sun, but underneath frU[t 18 made Posslble bY us.ing a great many questions, which a cog railway carries 100,000 anaemic that I could scarcely walk, it was dusk. He could just see the cently Panted tray which is held in gome we6]cg iater, when she was in visitors every year to enjoy what is I had no color, no appetite, and con- course of canals and rivers gleaming , front of the wearer by straps extend- th cjt with her mother, she noticed considered the most magnificent view stant headaches. The medicine I out of the darkness. In that part of around the waist and over the man who wore a mourning band in the world.	was taking was doing me no good and Belgium there is almost always flat shoulders. It is curved to conform roumj ^ sleeve.
It is commonly said that the Ama- I had almost lost hope of getting bet- ground on each side of the canals, and to the shape of the body and has| "Mamma " shè asked, “what's to zon, the largest river in Brazil, to its ter. I was asked to try Dr. Williams’ he made up his mind to land parallel ralsefl e(,ges that prevent the baskets k them from crawling up his other remotest source is nearly 4,000 miles Pink Pills, and it was not long until I to a watercourse of some kind.	i set on *t from sliding off. The device arm
long, but this fact	has been frequent-	could feel	that they were helping me,	By	this time he calculated	that he permits the use of both hands, and its
and after	taking them for a couple	must	be over territory held	by Bel-1 capacity is such that time is not lost
Brazil	Is immensely rich, and	the	of months	I was completely cured. I	gians	or by British, and not	by Ger-|*n frequently stopping work to renew
minerals	are very	considerable	and	now never fail to recommend these	mans.	So he edged gently downward,; one's supply of empty containers,
valuable, comprising gold, silver, iron,	pills	to anyone needing a	blood	build-	and when he thought his gasoline must
diamonds, topazes and other precious	er.”	be nearly all gone, he made for a
stones.	You can get these pills through any gleam of water.	1 was c“r,eJ?Axr4in<
Cattle raising is the most import- dealer in medicine or by mail postpaid Very gently he let his machine down Asthma byMlNAKDblANlMKNT.
ant industry In Brazil, the number be- at 50 cents a box, or six boxes for until the water alongside which he was	viS* LIVINGSTONEe
ing computed at 20,000,000.	$2.50 from The Dr. Williams’	Medi-	flying appeared nearly on his own	Lot	°» ”	Ee	Ie
The chief products of the country	cine	Co., Brockville, Ont.	level. Then he switched off his en-	T	was	vured of ®	,attark	,
are coffee, rubber and sugar cane.	-------+----,-_	gine and glided slowly along, anxious- Rhuematism by MINARD’S LINI-j^e have gone on as if the world were
There are 16,445 miles of railroad	a M \TTFR OF riiM atf	ly feeling for the ground he could not MENT.	coming to an end when we were dead,
open in Brazil and 1,683 miles under	___ see. The wheels touched, then the Ma hone Bay. JOHN MADER. Now we are getting a better perspec-
"STSS, l.ngu.g. o, Brazil	- --	* i*V,NAj£/iSSU"'”" £ JM"ÏWÏ7
Portuguese.	‘ Peec'•	pilot heaved a sigh of relief and climb-	JOSHUA A. WYNACHT. spicuously identified with the conser-
ed out.	Bridgewater.	vation of our forests and our water
Once on the ground he was able to	.	- » power, but it must extend beyond the
see nearby objects fairly well, but, as	” !	i “ ~	forests and water power. It must
he walked round to the front of the	“ ireleea in Warfare.	more immediately concern itself with
machine, the ground before him sud- Guglielmo Marconi, senator in the the conservation of the soil, for even denly vanished. Cautiously he ap- Italian Parliament, captain in the our brief history tells us that fertile proached the limit of visible grass and Italian navy, and inventor of the wire- fields may become abandoned farm» J discovered to his horor that the mar less, when asked recently what he through other causes than lack of
edge thought the greatest single accom- ; rainfall.
Two plishment of the wireless had been in
H A L M K R 8.	7-PASSENGER. 4-
Cylinder Touring Car
C
Wanted Definite Instructions
Electric
¦tarter, tire* practically new. demountable rims, one spare tire. Price $300.
Don’t* and Bern
torpedo boat destroyers and four sub- ed
m	We only sell weed care after the pur-
Mary had been greatly interested cha»<r has had a demonstration and
¦ satisfied himself of the running qualities of the car he Is buying Call at our father’s orchard putting bands round showroom next time you are In Toronto
the fruit trees to entrap the climbing *n<1 let our	,how you eny
Ask for Minard'e and take no other.
in watching the men in her grand
Handy Tray For Berry Pickers
our used care and give you a demonstra-
THE DOMIKION AUTOMOBILE CO..
Limited
146-150 Bay ¦ treat. Toronto. Ont.
0—0—0—o-
--O-0—0
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
7»
How to lessen a tender corn or callus so it lifts out without pain.
ly contradicted
MONEY ORDERS.
IT is always safe to send a Dominion Express Money Order. Five dollars costs three cents
Let folks step on your feet hereafter; wear shoes a size smaller if you like, for corns will never again send electric sparks of pain through you, according to this Cincinnati authority.
He says that a few drops of a drug called freezone, applied directly upon a tender, aching corn, instantly relieves soreness, and soon the entire corn, root and all, lifts right out.
This drug dries at once and simply shrivels up the corn or callus without even irritating the surrounding tissue.
A small bottle of freezone obtained at any drug store will cost very little but will positively remove every hard or soft corn or callus from one’s foot.
If your druggist hasn’t stocked this new drug yet. tell him to get a small ttle of freezone for you from hi# wholesale drug house.
Our Natuial Resources
One of the great movements of the present time is the movement for conservation of our natural resources.
#

>
*
What makes the German and Russian languages so harsh and guttural, so unpleasant to the ear, and the languages of Italy, France and Spain so fluent, mellifluous and charming?
The former are rasping and sharp, the fatter liquid and soothing.
Science explains this, as it does most
of the commonplace phenomena, by chlne had Pu,led "P on very .Impie, natural means.	. " ot » deeP. d.suaed gravef pit.
It is all a matter of climate For y**"ds more and the wheels would have the present war, answered: Its use by countless generations the people of the Tun ovcr thc edge’ the tail would have aeroplanes. The wireless has revo-cold countries to the north went about ,ifted’ and thc marine would have lutionized artillery action. Hereto-bundled up, protecting ' themselves Plun*cd *ortF or hfty feet into a fore the gunner did not know whether from the biting cold weather. They 8tagnant pool, where he would cer- his shot landed accurately or not. spoke little and when they did they tain,y ha*e. becn d[ownt'd if he had Guns are frequently placed in such a spoke as briefly as possible with clos- not been ki,,ed by tbe fal1,	way that the hills intervening cut off
ed mouths, not opening their lips any	+	'	direct observation. But nowadays a
wider than necessary to form the Lemon will keep fresh if stowed in big gun might be located on low words.	dry sand separately.	ground and actually shoot over an ele-
This restricted their language, mak- Number all boxes, bundles and bags vation to low ground on the other ing it harsh and guttural. The words with large figures, cut from a calen- side and be sure of its aim and range were formed in the back of the mouth, dar, that can be easily seen from a For the wireless constitutes the eyes In the south lands, where nature high shelf, and keep a list of all pos- of the gun. Aviators remain in the was more kindly, the weather never sessions therein contained in a small air above the position that is attacked, hampered people so. There the full- blank-book, so that at a moment’s They watch each shot. As it falls ness of nature Inspired them to open- notice one can locate every article one they report back by wireless whether ness of expression; the tropical dim-1 possesses. This may look arduous it is too far or too short. In less ate made them emotional, romantic, at the start, but it takes only a little than a minute after the shell has sensuous. They had more freedom, time, and saves hours if not days of burst, the commanding officer of the Poetry crept into their speech, for wearisome hunting.	artillery battery at the point of origin
poetry was in the blue Mediterranean, an-----: :	" - -t has a report of the shot fired by each
the blue sky, the highly colored fields.
? Warmth made them comfortable and Increased their passions. Their language was rapid, swelling and voluminous, explosive. They formed their words in liquid syllables, for those come easiest and are formed with wide open mouths.	\
Scientific experimentation in France has demonstrated that a flour from which bread can be made can be tracted from the sugar beet.
I
ex-

FAINS SHARP AND STABBING
/


You will find relief in Zam Buk ! It eases the burning, stinging pain, stops bleeding and brings ease. Perseverance, with Zam-Buk, means cure. Why not prove
this 7 dll Dmçffi**»

Woman Thought She Would Die. Cured by Lydia E.
Pinkham’s Vegetable — Compound.

/

Ogdensburg, Wis. — ‘i suffered from female troubles which couaed piercing
pains like a knife
throatt
PARENTS
BOILER
compound
Clean All”
gh my back and side. 1 finally lost all my strength so 1 bed to go to l*xi. The doctor advised an operation but I would not listen to it. I thought of what 1 had rea l about Lydia E. Pink ham 's Vegetable Compound and tried it The first bottle brought great refiei uni six lot ties have entirely cured me. All women who have female I trouble of any kind should try Lydia E. Pinkhsm’a Vegetable Compound. " — -J Mrs. Etta Do won. Ogd-nsburg. Wit. Physicians undoubtedly d&d their beet, battled with Une case steadily and could more, but often the moat •< tt-nufic nent is surpassed by the medicinal of the good
SI
who love to gratify children’s desire for the same articles of food and drink that grown-ups use find

For All Boiler Food Wat
Cyclone Bhaklag sad
play Orate
Hgh
Cenadien Steam Boiler Equipment
Ce.. Limit id

^NXNVXX-
I
4
'
DODDS '/

A Sad Awakening.
The foreman of a construction gang was Walking along his section of the railway one day when he came upon a laborer fast asleep in the shade of a ft
smile, he emW:	.	\
“Slape on, ye idle spalpeen, slape on. So long as ye Wlape ye’ve got a job, but when ye wake up ye’re out of wurrk!”
The Soul of a Piano la the Action. Inatot on the
“OTTO NIGEL!’ PIANO ACTION
KIDNEY
Instant
Postum
Ù, PILLS ,
Eying the man with a stern

C
Yes. Sah!
^“It’e this way in the black-land belt now,* said the New York Evening Post’s friend from Texas : “Cotton's so high that A farmer comes into Dallas, ta a square meal at one of the best puts down a cotton seed, and



himik on
juet the thine-
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
A new French clock is so arranged that it will indicate the time on either a twelve-hour or a twenty four hsur
< ‘ f - •	- -I

hauls
get# fifteen cent# change. Yea, suh!"
>
E.
‘Tkere’fi a Re*f+a”

Met tod free te eey
3 THEP
ham's VegeU any complication exist# it i the Lydia E Pink ham !
hie
A
1
If
XLZ
H CUT GLOVE* CO, 1*.
dial
writ#
.for
Co.,
•IT.

ED. T.
In It is de ir.ous.


###PAGE###4###
V
revealed a state secret. SHAW VILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE
on south side of road running east from lot \ range 3. Carried.
Motion V'mns. Mel)owell and Sinclair That the mayor and conns. Bar lht ami Ban he ap;wanted to examine the Bridge over Mill Creek, on 1th con. line and report to this council at it> meet i i
Motion V mm. Barber and Barr That A. Virie he paid the sum of $.*>11.33 for damage done to sheep by unknown dogs, as per report of Thomas
v.—Carried.
A Russian Admiral.
Captain John L. Head, a Canadian mailing from Prince Edward Island, las charge of the entire ice breaking ieet of the Russian Government. He lolds the rank of Admiral in the tervice of the great Slav people, and Us work Is of the utmost importance. The Russians have to depend on ice->reakvrs to keep their ports open, ind that is the work done by Captain Read
md of the war the Russians will lave Constantinople^ and then their re-breaking fleet will not be of such /Hal importance.
R \\ "AWAY TO AKA.
THE EQUITY.
An Indiscreet Envoy Who Paid Dearly For Hie Loose Tongue.
In n history of the Turks, Clmlconey-las, a Greek, relates how n fleet of Crusaders sailing toward Constantinople In the beginning of the thirteenth century was Itecaliued at the entrance of the 11 el les | ton t.
At that time there was at tire court of Athens an ambassador of the king of France, who set out In a galley to visit the chiefs of the fleet. The admiral con tided to him that he had l>eeu ordered to take Constantinople by surprise.
The ambassador s|>oke of the difficulties and dangers of this passage, as it was between two banks from which ballistic could hurl upon the vessels enormous stones, boiling oil and, above nil, Greek tire.
The admiral revealed to him that the governors of the forts would make little resistance, as they had been bribed. The ambassador was so pleased that ns soon as he had returned to land he had great trouble to hold Ills tongue. He was heard to prophesy in mysterious words that the famous passage would soon he forced.
As there were spies on all sides the words of the ambassador were soon carried to Constantinople. When the fleet presented Itself in the Hellespont the catapults of the Turks manifested great activity. The bribed captains of the forts had been removed and others were iu their places. The Indiscreet ambassador was recalled to Paris and executed.
PROPRIETOR.
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 28, 1917.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Ibices are such that it will be to intending
Hod. W. J. Minina, late provincial i the Ontario Government
I VutumI
vtary
been av|H»intvtl t«» tbv important tion of I*»*>d

It is expected that after the
controller for tl

with extensive ]X'wer>
of this district
purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
x
IT amnion
ill d with all matters a flirting Uiv prit
I Ixlgins and Pale— That .laim> Ix-Nliet lx* foreman over the gravelling and stoning of the Varm road, and that lie be allowed to put on 100 loads of stone and 1 ">0 loads of gravel, but not to exeflFil this quantity. —C 'a nried.
M
t
ns
i
1 distribution of foodstuff*
elsewhere
il to the American Bed Cross
Adventures of n Fifteen-year-old
Boy In Far Fast.
M
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
l, xa> n that hundreds of thousand"
in Germany arc
To Salonlea and back in three months, rescued from a vessel torpedoed by an Austrian submarine In the Mediterranean Sea. and “toured” across France and England, is the experience of 16-year-old “Hex” Reginald St 1 mers of Toronto, who now admits to being thoroughly '"	running away from
hi* property.— Carried, home.
Bailiei and Sinclair This boy was born in Campbell-uiicil pay Ur. 1'owlvs ford, and with his parents, Mr. and
Mrs.	to
to some time ago. Although then only fifteen years of age, Rex was seized with a sudden desire to see the world, and in November last disappeared from home, leaving absolutely no trace of where he had gone. He answered an advertisement for men to travel with a transport carrying horses, and sailing from Montreal to Salonica, receiving
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll# 3 5 for the
i of the Mayor to omitig back.
So on November 8 Rex left Montreal aboard the SS. St. Vrsula, 5,100 tons, of the British Government, loaded with 750 mules for the eastern theatre of war, and a crew of eighty-two men. The vessel reached Gibraltar on November 22, but as she attempted to steam by the fortress without entering, a shot from the fort whizzed across her bow, warning the captain his presence was requested. After these precautions the voyage to Salonica was resumed.
Her cargo delivered, the steamer 00 : St. Vrsula left Salonica on Dec. 7, land about ten o'clock in the morning jf the 12th she was torpedoed without warning, about 50 miles south-i of the Island of Malta. Four | men were killed by the explosion. The vessel Immediately commenced to list heavily, and the crew was ordered to the boats, many of them with scant attire.
“I was sleeping at the time,” said Rex when telling the story after his return to Canada, “and climbed into the captain's boat with but few of my clothes. Shortly after a submarine appeared on the surface, the VC-12, which I later learned was an Austrian boat, and commenced to circle round us. The commander of the boat stopped his craft, and in very good English inquired If any had been killed. He was informed by the captain that four men had been killed by the explosion. We were then told to get away from the vessel, and the five life-boats, carrying men, got safely away from the vessel. When 100 yards away, the submarine fired another torpedo, striking her amidships, and the St. Ursula disappeared in a little over a minute.
I \«nils. Sinclair ami Burr That a* complaint has Urn made to this Council re. the stopping of outlets to certain drains, the owner of lot S. halt of 18, H lie notitied to open up a "uitahlv outlet for water running across
• im net of E. part 19, 1 to iln the same on
Moti
Russian pi isont i -;ng for lack of pvo]«vr food, and trom Vvrculosis, a* one ot the gruesome rendition. One
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory
I
suits of that deplorabl* v >uM imagine a knowledge
hould have the effect "t
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
f this
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVIUE :
hi" l"t : and
"late of thing arousing the in the war so
S >
bv l
the north end «
Motion Voi That this t
.<t3.i>0, hving half the amt. for antitoxii U"od nil Thus, Ahhntt " family. Carried
Burlier and I ‘ de t lot W. half of 17, 11. I
11
Ru>s to renewed energy is to hasten the day when freed from the yoke
I"
n
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday Clarendon - Second Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm
Austin
Elmside

countrymen art
Hun bondage.
O. Y. 11. l.OIHîK, No. 304. meets 2nd Wvdiiesiln> of each month at 8 p. in.
w. E. N Hodoiks,
Rec. Secy.
!.. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Edward Dai.k W.M.
»
li. G. MeDowKl i W. M.
Motion—
rhat ownci
uni K. halt of S, 11. 1, l»e notified t
l
1
Arthur Vut 1 Byng as ct I'anadian force." in I commander u
Li encrai >Nn
uled (lei
tinier of
The
ivil life is a real es* f Victoria. B. V., and is
i
open up a certain water course acnno the rear end «•! their pro;orties to allow
f water from the 5th
i
JlKU. IIODOlNS
Secy.
the free pa con. line.—Carried.
Motion l nuiix llodgins and Me Dowell That the Secretary be author ized on the appr order all concrete to he needed from M. McDowell and Elliott Bros.; the corrugated piping to he ordered from Pedlar People.—Carried.
Motion— Coun*. Dale and Sinclair That the Secretary obtain all the information possible re. the accident on bridge .«t 11 Lu next council. Can led.
Motion—Conns. Hudgins and Me — That the following hills L W. C. Harris, measuring gravel.
\ 1 hui. fixing hill.
loads stone, •"»

agent
idvnt of the King Edward Mining
t
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on t in- 1 U h of ea< I* month
II. N. lloooixs.
W. Comp, in Com
Rxu. Hoooins Com. Seril»e.
lie was born at Xappeltmi
l ompany
lint., in 1 ST5. and educated at Strath
Last Monday
of each month.
»
For wars lie had l»een
roy Collegiate l lively associated with military afiair>, and when war broke out he immediately
STORY OF TWO BOYS.
Dog Astray
tted black and white
Answers to name of “Rogei formation leading to his whereabouts will H* thankfully received.
J AS. F. KELLY,
Green Lake.
Odlit
1"
Their Methods Were Different, end So
Were the Results.
Two boys left home with Just money enough to take them through college. They both did well at college, took their diplomas in due time and got from members of the faculty letters to a large shipbuilding firm with which they desired employment. When the first boy was given an audience with the head of the firm be presented bis letters.
“What chn you do ?" asked the pres-
Any in
CLEAN UP SALE
v Tv red bis services and was given command of a British Columbia Highland battalion
front, and distinguished hi nisei t at once. He was made a brigadier-general, and now has been promoted to the chief imand of the Canadian troops at the
New Exprewa Cream Separator Singer Sewing Machine The above must be cleared out and most liberal terms will bo
given
With it he went to tin
md report at
Lak
Hog for Service
Dowell
|wi.l : sUlvoo ; t:
W. A. Hodgins railway bonus and sinking fund, (I n
Purebred ChiMei white I log “Straw
ville Her
V. HOWARD
(

i
». V
I $1
GKO. DRAPER,
R. R. No. 3, Sliuwvilh
13XOX
front
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY 00.
Homeseekers’
Excursions
1
Car
lr prvttx
tl
Two or thr irlv indicated hv the discussion which
Hodgins and Purr earnestly request th
ndeavi n t
M

Went
Wt

That this Cor Railway C«»mrui<sii»n t havt the usual t service from (>ttawa to Waltham put on
i> the puWic are suffering a euience.—Carried.
\u agreement lietween John and Jos
•. the mad running north two properties, was signed tcrested and approved of
Hog for Service
Roland l Irina Hog (registered). Service fee—One dollar.
Apply at
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS
I should like some sort of n clerk
i
ling oil the Cuii>vrip-beforc Parliament, and
been procee Rill now
ship
P. R
“Well. sir. I will take your name and address, and If we have anything of the kind I will write to you.”
The other boy then presented nlm-self and Ills papers.
“What can you do?” the president asked him.
“Anything that n green hand can do. sir.” was the reply.
The president touched a bell that called a foreman, and"tbe college graduate went to sorting scrap iron. A week passed, and the president, meeting the superintendent, asked, “Ilow is the new man getting on?”
“Oh,” ealil the superintendent, “he dll his work so well that I put him over the gang.”
In two years that young man was the head of a department and on the way to a salary larger probably than his friend will ever earn.—Youth's Companion.
morning
which, practically, has been occupying the s< de attention of our legislators during
These may lie
it onvi
git
past three weeks, uncrated as follows the Rill through Parliament hy a <uh-
the < iblishment ot
ph McXe
between tl
The pa»agt

Shingles for Sale.
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
11. I ARGUE,
Shaw ville, Que.
To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, May to October, 1917.
Good going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 30th, 1917. Return
limit two calendar months from date of sale.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shaw ville.
by part hv this
tial majority •11 defined line of cleavage Mwevi
il
f
Meeting adjourned on motion Rallier and Hodgins t*> meet at
English and Ft h s;ieaking mem
the defection of
Ci ur i
the call <>f Secretary
s of the House
rival! the Frcnch-Canadian Onscr
their support of the Gov nent, and, per contra, the loss to Sii tied Laurier of nearly all his hither loyal English-shaking following Ihv situation thus produced, a> the re iuIt of the old chieftain s antagonism t<
K. T. Hope.ins
S(r. Trcas
DRAMATIC INCIDENTS.
I
Truckling to Quebec
How Sothern Learned of the Deaths cf Booth and McCullough.
,THEY CANNOT CARRY ON THE WAR
nectlou with the death of Mr. Booth and John McCullough.
The night that Edwin Booth died I was taking sup|ier in the dining room of the Players' club with three friends.
There were no other men in the club.
It was about 2 o'clock in the morning.
We, of course, knew that Mr. Booth was ill. but his death was not expected Immediately. While we were talking over our meal suddenly every light In the club went out. My companions begun to call for the waiter and protest loudly. From the darkness right at our elbows n voice, that of Mr. Mc-Gonegal, the manager of the club, said:
“Hush! Mr. Booth is dead.”
\
rt Borden re
In hi girding
stated that hv i action until he lmd Lomer ( hmin.
Why was it nm consult w it In tin Premier of a Pi >v that has done less in the war than n ; other .self -governing port ion of the Em
to Sir 1
Six Wilfrid Laurier Id take no definite limited with Sir !
11 it i
WITHOUT AMMUNITION.
Why Sir Lniner Gotim xsarv b u Sir Wilfrid t
? measure of selective conscription, vir lally reduces him from the leadcrshi; «f a great party t i faction that seeks t
lieconie the head of
"We drifted all day in a rolling sea." continued the lad. "Every man In the boats was sick and didn't care
Tin» iKXivle of Canada are getting sivk I whether we were saved or sank, but
ha> assumed more privileges and shirk-1 as myself# were completely excel more oluigations than any "her trusted, owing to the exposure and l>ortion of the Dominion ; and, outride |ack of ci0thes, but we were given of the English-shaking section of Mon- every assistance on the Century. She treal, it lia^ not only fought less hut at once sailed for Malta, but was paid less that any other province to- forced to sail around the Island all ward the war.	night, owing to the condition of the
The time seems to have come in this harbor because of mines. In the country for plain streaking. If Quebec morning we were landed and sent to desires to reap the benefits of British the town of Valletta, but later to
a-c terasl i satjx.’ijsLsrs
Tims far l-mglish.^aking Canada has wpar„ a sult ^lth	the manu-
<lonv mo'.toî tilt hglitmg and |wying«uiil facturer’s address. Rex visited Paris h rvneh-t anada most of the talking, h ^ j Liverpool and finally reached
is a condition that cannot and will not lie much longer tolerated by the overwhelming bulk of loyal Canadians
llow will your wife and little one* face the battles of life w hen you are not there to supply what 1» necessary t
The best possible answer Is :
Why Children Like Candy.
Children like enndy because of Its properties of sugar, a food quickly absorbed by the human system. The purpose of all food is to supply the energy that Is wasted by physical exertion. Some foods more than others contain the elements necessary to furnish this supply and vary In the time required to feel their benefits. Sugar is actually turned luto real energy within a few minutes after it Is eaten, and candy gives n quick supply of the energy called for by the activities of youth. Thus the constant need of energizing force by children lends them Instinctively to crave candy.—Exchange.
evade its just m of the burdens and responsibilities cur red by the war, and, therefore, his tirenient from a portion which he has ng filled with marked distinction, ap-
Vnquest ionably he t* accomplished his own undoing when
open to him for A iling his career with a great stroke of statesmanship
The debate is likely to continue on through the present and coming week as many members desire to express their views on this vital question. But interest in the discussion is no longer keen as nothing new remains tp be said.
j
pirt
A CONFEDERATION LIFE-POLICY,
Delays are dangerous, purchase your Policy Contract today.
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent,
SHAW VILLE, QUE.
(«cars imperative
i
}
opportunity was
i
The day Mr. McCullough died I hap pened to be studying the play of "Cym be Une
1 was reading the song In
act
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
Fear no more the heat o' the sun Nor the furious winter's rages.
Thou thy worldly task hast done.
Home art gone and ta'en thy wages. Golden lads and girls oil must As chimney sweepers come to dust.
when a friend of mine opened the door of my room in the Sturtevant House and said, "McCullough's dead."—From "My Remembrances," by E. H. Soth-eru In Scribner's Magazine.
He now
Kedleston Hill.
Kedleston Hall Is considered to be Robert Adams' masterpiece. Its scale of magnificence may be gauged from the fact that one entire wing la taken up by the kitchen and Its offices. The design of the garden front was copied from the arch of Constantine, and the drive through the park to the hall, a mile In length, Is through some of the noblest forest scenery In England. It Is said that when In 1701 the first Lord Scarsdale resolved on building Kedleston Hall as It now stands he removed the entire village to another spot to make room for his new mansion.—London Globe.
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral coun-, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in ;#eraon at Dominion Land* Agency or Hub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain condition*. Duties—Six months residence ui*>n and cultivation of land in each of th
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Canada.
Rex says he has seen enough of Ex.] the world, but that he had started out with the intention of seeing California and the Southern States. He Is now back at his old job.
Sbawville, June fi, MH7. Regular meeting of tin* Clarendon uncil held this due in Hynes hall at
Maj W. I Tho-is : Councillors Hodgins, McDowell, 11 de, Barber.
Minutes of last meeting road and amoved on motion of conns. Hodgins and
McDowell.
Conns. Sinclair and Barr took their
try
PUBLIC NOTICE
l
a. in. Present

Province of Queliec,
School Municipality of Sbaw ville
A Travelled Ring
OLDEST LIVING THING.
The interesting history of a ring
Public notice i- hereby given that ' was recently related by the friends of
well-known Canadian athlete.
Some years ago a young man living In Toronto was on a local team that won a lacrosse championship received a gold ring as an award, and although he was afterwards quarterback of the Argonauts Rugby team, senior champions of Canada, and centre fielder of the Young Toronto#, senior lacrosse champions of Ontario, he always prized the ring as his first trophy. When war broke oat Sub-Flight Lieut. Fred 8. Mills entered the Royal Naval Air Service, and when he left for overseas he was wealing the ring
on the coast of England, and after a personal encounter with a Hun baby-killer, he was sent to Join the Britiah
fleet co-operating with the troops on	A Lset Resort
the Balkan front. Later he flew Little Boy-1 want you to write me across Bulgaria and joined the Rou- an eicuee fur	late to ecbooi y
rnanlan army, being with them In their retreat from Bucharest, where he had several narrow escapes. The Grand Duke Cyril entertained the
ÏSK SKSYS %% b.«. w
Norway and Sweden, having completely encircled the war cently returned to Canada to recuperate after a sojourn la the hospital.
He was still wearing the ring won nD t playing the national game, and It bad	| I
been with him during bis entire adventurous journey
article In hie possession that be took away and brought back with him.
Ancient Forest Giant That Towers In Sequoia National Park.
there will Ik* held, on Monday, the Dili a day of July, 1917, at the hour of ten in the morning, in Hynes’ hall in the village of Shaw ville, a meeting of the proprietors of real estate of this municipality of Sbawville, entered us such on the* valuation roll, and having paid all their school taxes and other contribuai with the election of Commissioners in the ro mi I of J. H. «Shaw and H. W. Hodgins, whose term of office expires.
Given at Sbawville, the 20th day <•! lu lit. 1917.
i‘
Towering a giant among giants, the oldest living thing that connects the present with the dim past, majestic In Its mien, its dignity and its world old experience, the General Sherman tree is the patriarch of the Sequoia National perk of California.
Tills wonderful tree was already
ree years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an at^oining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 per acre. Du tie»—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead («aient and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead pit cut, if he cannot secure a pro emp tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price #3.00 j>er Must reside six months in each
He
ts
The mayor of Bristol having requt cd a division of Bristol Clarendon town line from Con. 11—13 Clarendon :
Motion—Couns. Sinclair and Barr— That Rural Inspector Thomas Palmer meet the Inspector appointed by Bristol Council and make a division to said road.—Carried.
Motion—Couns. Hodgins and Sinclair—That the mayor get legal advice on the extension of sideline road be tween lots 2 and 3, range 11, t • rnment road to the 11th con. line.—
Motion—Couns. Dale and Barber— That Ins|*ector Palmer accompany Win. J. M. Hodgins, and that they divide the Phillips Lake mad from wed side of lot No. 4, Clarendon, to the Bristol town line, giving each municipality an equal •bare of the mad to maintain ; also that 1 nspector Phlmer make a report of the work to be done by Clarendon on the Bristol town line opposite 10th concession.—Carried.
Motion—OiU Barr and McDowell —That Thoms* Smiley get an order to •dgins for 350 3 inch tile to be sideline between bits Si and S3.
t
Largest Wild Rome.
The great brier rose, from upper Burma, which is the largest of the world’s wild roses (Rosa glgantea) was discovered by the	Henry
among the Shan hills, where It climbs 2,000 years old when Christ was boro, over the tallest tree#, from the tope which the long, pendant branches send down profuse festoons of huge white flowers, it was introduced Into England about thirty years a go.-London Mali
turns, to | two School

i
i
in the age when the known world was mrklug In the throes of the Trojan war* and the time that history tells us marked the exodus of the Hebrews from Egypt this greatest of Sequoia glgantea was a flourishing sapling of some twenty or thirty feet in height and truly under the especial caro of the Creator, who held It safe from the lightnings of his wrath as he did from the attacks of earthly enemies.
The General Sherman was discovered In 1879 by James Wolrerton, a hunter, and named by him In honor of General William T. Sherman. It towers 2790 feet Into the sky, Its base circumference Is 102.8 feet. Its greatest diameter 305 feet, end It has developed ¦ diameter of 17.7 feet at a point 100 feet above the ground.-National Geographic Magazine.
He did scouting
E. T. HODGINS, /
Sec.-Treasurer, School Mu. of .Shawvilli
< lot
of three years, cultivate 60 acres and erect a house worth #300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence du tie* under certain conditions.
When Ddpiinion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served oversea* aed have been honorably discharged, receive day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (but not 8ub-Agency), Discharge papers must be presented to Agent
Stray Heifers
terday. Jeweler—Eh? You are not my son. Little Boy-No; but mamma says I had plenty of time to get to school, so ll^eess the clock you sold
Strayed on to the premise* of the an designed about three week* ago. throe yearling heifer*. Owner may have them bj proving property and paying expense Incurred

J. L. SHAW

She Was.
He re-
Steer Astray
"Now, my angel —
Id bis wife. "Too
"Not a word.
Strayed from A. E. Gay 1er pasture. 2nd range. Clarendon, a yearling Meet, aort of roan color ; (white with small red spot*». Anv Information regarding him, or that , .	» , o	.	I will lead to hi* recovery will he thank
con. 6, and that John Sturgeon be pro- f„ny received by the owner
suled with #00 4-inch tile, to He usedj	ALEX. BEAN.
Toy came In soused
W W. CORY,
I burnt y Minister of the Interior N. &—Unauthorised publication of this advertisement will not be i«afd for.
last night end I'm going to put It I down In my diary "
MAh. my recording angelT- Kansas ,Oty Journal.
D T. H<

the only
It




###PAGE###5###
A
V
THE EQUITY,
Time fop a change in
9
4 Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests. Published every Thurede y
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Subscript ion, $1 a Year in Advance.
IW All Arrears must be paid up before my paper is discontinued.
A NEAT KITCHEN WITHOUT A BROOM
UNDERWEAR
N EW/ PERFECT] O
/ OIL WOK STOVE J
No coal-hod, no ash-pan, no dirt, no bother. You never have to sweep up after cooking on a
NEW PERFECTION. It
cooks more quickly and more conveniently than a coal or wood range, costs less for fuel and takes half as much room.
These dealers sell them:
The break in the weather means a change in Underwear.
advertising rates
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for i iiHertloii and 5 cent s per fine or each subsequent Insertion
Business curds not exceeding one Inch (inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the .rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion llvl 3 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will beln-scried until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
i
Fop Men
up
No matter what you prefer, either in heavy or light weight, in combinations or two piece suits, we can please you.
C. E. Wainman
J. H. Shaw
I
G. F. Hodgins Co.
W. A. Hodgins
Light Weight Wool

SHAWVILLE, QUE
JOB PRINTING.
For those who wear light weight wool $1.25 per garment.
9
9
\11 kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by nuul promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN. ¦
Publisher
L A




With Royalite Coal Oil the New Perfection will cook your meal for from 5 to 10 cents.

Merino Underwear
Professional Cards.
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
A heavy cotton, particularly good for those who require some weight. 60 cents per
garment.

Limited
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
OR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Camimu * Ray Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of LlcentUt^of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Quk
Balbriggan Underwear
In two thread Balbriggan, 2 piece or in combinations, short or long sleeves, knee or full length drawers, $1.00 and $1.25 per suit.
S. A. MACKAY
STRAW HATS
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Que.
It will
A superb collection of New Summer Hats, be gratifying to the men who want a straw bat, correct in style and moderate in price, to know that we have such a collection. From every day straws to the Une
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âc.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
A Public Celebration will be Ijeld on Shawville Fair Grounds
sinnets or splits.
G. F. HODGINS CO.
5
D.R. BARRY, K.C.
A good list Sports—Horse Races, Base Ball, and other interesting features. (See posters for complete list.)
Hay and Oats for sale on grounds. Good Meals supplied by Mr. Pettipiece.
Grand Stand Free.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
From a City's Mountain Tops.
Upon the top of one of New York's man made mountains there is the same
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
rr Visits Shawville every Saturday
DOG TAX NOTICE.
PPpSS IüéSee |Refre8hment Booth on 9rounds-
charge will i>e "'We. ^ )1)QINS	beings humans arc and from this lofty
Sec*-T re; is	point of view almost forgets his sym-
pathy for their personal Interests.
Then comes the realization that this mountain was built by these puny beings from materials dug out of the earth In n crude state, purified, shaped qttpfrior COURT	and fastened together in a manner
AnVOCiTE	su	,	, «/..nnv that will make it stand practically for
_ oonTPR . SOLICITOR REVEREND ORIGENh REAl DR), Bu time, and then a feeling of rever-BARnni n	^ Parish Priest, residing in the township enre for human brain—that God
C W1PBELLS BAY, QUE. of Grand Calumet, in the district of gjven %xxm which has made these
Pontiac, in the Province of Quebec, in, thing# possible.—National Geographic Will be in Furl Coulonge every Wed- Cil|»acity of testamentary executor Magazine.
•ciesdsy and Shawville every Saturday. | under the last will and testament of the
late Reverend Antoine Brunet, in his life- «The Star Spangled Banner."
_	_	o n	I time, Parish Priest, residing in the nil Francij gCott Key wrote “The Star
Devlim St. Marie &	M	WM. HODGINS, M. L. A
of Quebec,	* lamtitl men^ 0f p0rt McHenry, Baltimore, by i
the British in 1814. When the British	PRESIDENT.
ROY THEODORE HAVENS, farmer, attacked the city Key went on an er-of the township of Grand Calumet, in ! rand, under a flag of truce, to the the district of Pontiac Defendant. British fleet, but was detained while The defendant is ordered te appear the bombardment took place. He within one month.	watched the progress of the fight from
Bryson 12th June, 1917.	the British ship during the night, and
HFVBI X SAINT PIERRE,	m the morning, seeing the stars and
Prothonotory Superior Court, stripes still waving triumphantly, com-
District of Pontiac. | t*>sed the famous song. It was at once
printed and became almost instantly
popular.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
&c
A> vooate, Barrister.
Children 15c.
Admission : Adults 25c.

196 Main St. • Hull.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
Province of Quebec, l District of Pontiac, j
NIGHT CONCERT
Military Moving Picture Spectacle, with Lecture, under the auspices of the 0. R. 0., Military District No. 3.
R. W. HODGINS,
SECRETARY.

ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec
101 MAIN ST
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
HULL
•»
Old Time.
“Time flies.”
“Yep. And It never has to stop for rudder trouble or lack of gasoline ' -Detroit Free Press.
GEORGE E. MORENGY
When you require Printing
call at
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS or
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plane, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
Executed carefully to the •atlefac-> tion of parties.
102 WriLOtoTOK St.
Phone ; Queen 3230.
ASIA MINOR.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
%
Where Its Borders Lie le a Sort of Geographical Puzzle.
“Asia Minor” is a geographical term )f vague extension. It would puzzle iny one to say exactly where It leaves
Wore* Yet
“Don't you get awfully tired of run-
SEALED TENDERS	f	'Si
the undersigned, and endorsed lemu i nyo," replied the commuter. “I don't for Supplying < '"-d l*;r tJR‘ 1)"nill‘|M|1	mind that so much. What gets me sore
n r a DO C U	V III |T R I Buildings, will be received at this •ill ¦	^ when I bolt my breakfast in about The name dates only from the fifth
U	n	¦	I until 4.00 P. Mm on fue^Uy, July 3,	|Q iecondg flat 0D(| break all records	entury, A. D., when Orosius	used it
1817, for the supply of coal fut the Pub-	runnlng t0 ihe train, only to find out	evidently as a novelty. The	Roman
lie Buildings throughout the Dominion.	tlmt the 7&0 ^ half an hour late,”—	?mpire knew no Asia Minor.	Indeed.
Combined specification and form c»f 3L Louis Post Dispatch.	he Roman province of "Asia was
tender can be obtained on application	_____________ ictually smaller than this Lesser Asia.
at this office and from the caretakers of	^	.	The sltemative name Anatolia (land
UNDERTAKING	m~«-J; %ÏÏS:ZZCTJZ
..d embalming
-------------—— Minister of Public Wor^ equal to ten	he eastern Mediterranean.
percent (10 i».c.)of the amount of t ie	A ¦lfl3*,an ^uper.t.t^n.	Few geographical names have in
......... 1—«£?•£ æ £r. .a- —
contract when called upon to do w. er ; to control tbe .l.raeot.. During hrary matter of honeoty, are • byword, as All call* will receive prompt per |fai| u> complete the contract. If the,	,ho..T^n'n/“j!, °pm*h might be expected from aocb » jumbl*
to the fact that dishonesty Is not on-inown even In the
11 I'LL.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
>a.

Embalmer and Funeral Director
^ Main Street,Shawville.
Pdm.iaUttention.Openallhours.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
made on
W. J. HAYES
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
By order,
R. C. DU ROC HERS,
. Secretary
They orlg*

Perilous Practicing.
She—ft most have taken a lot of pef
rusts from the disappearance of
Department of Public Work*
Ottawa, June », 1917.	slat—cs on y—r part to lean, to play
Newspaper* will not be paid for this the comet
v. rtiflement if they insert it without to go constantly armed for three | md Upholstery Jonrnni.
»—the.—Pen oay 1rs ala Punch BsvUE—MMB——|||

who could not pay their gambling or .ther debts and
reported to have
Custom Sawing
It did. I bad
I’1 all countries. Ark for sur INVENTOR'S ADVISER,Whir* wiU be sent free
MARION & MARION.
Mom ré s 1.	« -
well. U
American Carpet
tone to the east
authority from the Department
M4 University



###PAGE###6###
>
MERCHANTS BANK
THE FAR LOOK.
THE RED TRIANGLE IN THE WAR ZONE
colonies has developed the effort to a
high degree and great things are being accomplished in the dependencies. Possible to Have Eyestrain In Mind
From India men have come to work and Soul as Well as in Body.
not only among the native troops in Thj>	legned back in hi, chair
England ami France but have gone ^ 8urVeyed his patient thoughtfully, for similar work to Mesopotamia and „|g tbere a beautiful view anywhere East Africa. We have branches in near your house?" he asked.
Y.M.C.A. branches have been estab- I which the specialist had just put her in the Past Year, while Current
=3	s siacrsis; at — -
being housed in cellars and ruined, ^en, with a smile, she recovered	creased by $13,902,393.
IT%'ng Ze°UnTopIraWT dug"	“‘eÎ" she an” The 54th AnnU*' 8tatement of the tern of a car was designed and insal-
Very likely you don't know what I outs actually under shell fire.	, „,u . . very pretty view Merchants Hank of Canada, just pre- led to give the maximum power of
lililillllt
constantly, says a London writer. It cakes and cigarettes. A Y.M.C.A. ill „wh eVery day or two, ! -uprose, very substantially, but current Loans jackets and m the radiator forms an
saetaeww
“Yes, it is,” she said, “but I’m a
NOW A HUNDRED MILLION DOLLAR INSTITUTION.
IIOT COFFEE AS WELL AS BIBLES.
MEANS
draining and refilling with clean wa-The action of the compound ih the same winter and summer and 1 ia not affected by anti-freezing solutions. It is a rust preventive, not a
rust remover, and it will not injure metal or rubber fabrics.
Preventing Radiator Rust
ter
Motorists pay too little attention to their cooling systems nowadays, with the result that the motor becomes
The Water cooling sys-
Y.M.C.A.’s Work of Looking After Material Comfort and Spiritual Welfare of Soldiers.
Helpful Hints.
Too much grease in the transmission gears is likely to make the gears almost as noisy as too little. It is
poor practice to fill transmission cases
to the brim in an attempt to silence
The •
the noisy growl from the gears better way is to fill the case about half way up the gears—unless the manufacturer recommends some other
limit
In electric motors or generators in which graphite brushes are employed particular care should be taken to keep the accumulation of brush-dust away, for, as graphite is a good conductor of electrictiy, it is possible for a ground or a short-circuit to form with the aid of the dust and perhaps a little moist
entire overhauling if the rust and cor*
JB	HHHHH
This is all exists and the sv.me process of trouble the more creditable since it has been will be repeated.
allied fighting nations^ ^ ^ The • our
l Sa «3 s | — — —
dation. .	.	f	for example, sweeping floors, preach- letters or some kind of necessary read- with or absorption of any other bank.
soldiers clean and healthy than have Arrange Meetings of Friends. ja ..And‘that is just what tires them,” the sanitary regulations; it has clone Not (he least important work done | gaid the doctor, rising. “It is the far more to keep them happy than any	Y.M.C.A. is that which it , that rests the eyes, Mrs. Parsons.
other thing.	has undertaken of escorting and car-	you wish to cure those eyes of yours
Beneficently it even has reached ifig fom10 friends of desperately	make it an ironclad rule to gaze at
the i hannel, out of t e g \ wounded men who go to the front hos-	yOUr beautiful view for at least twenty
ing area into the homeland, to neip piula to see their dear ones, some- ^inutea a day—preferably thirty. If wives and sweethearts, mothers, la- timeg to find them dying or even dead. you keep that rule, you won’t need to thers and other anxious rela ives o | ^yylen an official notice is sent to a come to me again in a long time—if loved and perilled ones, for it has been famny that one or more of its mem- ever »•
*¦ iisi e* sa=z
been truly wonderful.	hundred miles from the coast port to prescribing. My soul needed rest and l.h' k.radua t th '	n	A woman mechanic is no longer an
The Bed Triangle Huts.	the place where their dear one is ly-1 quite as much as my body, and the re- I aa% pwind its ïoanina and discount- anomaly* Furthermore, she is
Go to the front where the land has ing, and we regard them as our j croation that I gained was miraculous. | business bv many millions auto- leM a woman because she 18 8 "iech-been ploughed up by shellfire and guests, supplying them even with ^ The twenty minutes soon grew into m aicaily placing the earning'power anic* tind’ conversely, she is no less a just back of the danger zone, often lodgings at our hostels during lhe	half an hour, and more. It became the the Bank	upon a much	improved	mechanic because	she	is a woman,
indeed within reach of the enemy whole of their stay in France	most important part of the day to me.	The	profits	for the	year car.	says an American	writer,
shells, you’ll find the Red Triangle I think it safe to say that there ; "instinctively as I gazed out over. J.je(j forward consequently showed an This is being proved every day by More than a dozen have been never is a time when less tnan -ou, that beautiful prospect my mental . a e from $260,984 to $421,292. the great number of women who have so near that they have been destroyed friends of wounded men are staying eye8 began to take the ‘far look, too. after providing for’ the usual divi- had to fill the places of men in by enemy artillery. Go to the ports at our hostels in France.	The little things close at hand didn’t dend9 the Government War Tax on factories and shops and who have
of embarkation and of debarkation	______^______ seem so overwhelmingly important as notc circulation, donations to Patriotic had to assume the duties of the men
and you'll find Red Triangle	they had before I could see further oiwl f>n*e Funds, contributions to unon the farms. The farm requires
They do marvel work there, the cities where the lonely soldiers
go on leave and the Red Triangle will itriti^h Soldiers Receive Well-Balanced stronger and clearer along with my meet your eye at intervals along the	Ration.	physical. It’s possible, I am sure,
busy streets; and at every railway ;	f ....	have eyestrain in the mind and in the	........ ....._
London there aré'a ,co“«'inVhïch mJn ' 1 lb. fr„h meat an,, three-garter. velu”! -4- A Uaeful Family Tree.	‘°	*°
smmm mwm	- isrnm.
¦^¦fortunate in having the trenches get certain extras as, t There is no prison of the mind,	Come out into the lane a minute.”
Oxo. butter, cho-1 There’s no death when the sting is The youth accompanied him.
drawn;	Pausing by a weeping willow, the
Prisoner or prince, dream on and find farrTler #ajd;
Your darkest hour before the dawn.	want you to take particular no-
" Henry Leverage. ^ce of this.”
“What for!”
“That's our family tree what has heightened our ideals and stimulated our energies. That has furnished switches for five genera-| lions of us.”
is not cleaned out the evil still
oil
lion Dollar Institutions
Removing insulation from electrical conductors made up of fine strands of wire is very easily done if the insulation is set on fire and allowed to burn off to the desired point. The wires will not be injured, and if there is any tendency toward brittleness the heating will remove it and leave the metal
soft and pliable.
A number of chemists have sought a remedy for the prevention rust ' forming in radiators and they have Notable among the assets arc over finauy succeeded in their efforts and
Ten Million Dollars in Dominion and have brought out Non-Coroso after Imperial war obligations, indicating exhaustive tests. The preparation is
-•	s,dS,”dl„™S.“^Lu.bi"
ward carrying the financial burdens of
the nation
elude any mortgages, while real estate other than Hunk premises, and overdue debts, amount to only $443,230, or less than 2-6 of one per cent, of the
Some Women Inventors.
The cotton gin, one of the most
epoch-making
United States, was made by ( nthcr-inc Littlefield Greene of Georgia. She conceived its complete idea, gsve it to Eli Whitney to construct and in ten days a model resulted so perfect that all succeeding gins have been based upon it.
The mower and reaper owes its first perfection to Anne Harriet Manning She perfected a system for the combination of teeth and cutters and had it patented by her husband. Later she invented a machine fqr cleaning clover. After her husband's death she made other inventions in farm machinery, but they were stolen
and patented by men ing industry owes its origin to Betsy Metcalf, when in 1798 she invented her wonderful weaving machine.
Greatest of the Age.
The assets do not in-1
INVENTIVE ART
OF WOMEN
the
across
inventions in
/
total assets
AN ANOMALY
no
Straw weav
huts
mechanical invert'
are wo-
Among recent tions of importance which men’s work are a volcanic furnace for melting ore, an improved wood-sawing machine, a gimlet pointed screw, a wool feeder and weigher, which is of the most delicate machine:
ever invented; an spark arresters to be applied to locomotives, a rapid change box, which marvel of simplicity and con-
the
they had	before	I	could	see	further	Red Cross Funds, contributions to	upon the farms
Go to BEST-FED ARMY IN THE WORLD, into the future	and	higher	in	the	scale	oflricerg* Pension Fund, and writing off	more understanding	of	mechanics
of values; my mental « eight K1 vxv $100,000 from Bank Premises account, than it might at first appear— '
During the year the General	with all the farm	machinery to	be
1°	Manager, Mr. E. F. Hebden, was ad-	properly cared for	and	to	be kept	in
vanced to the position of Managing rePair*
Director, while the Montreal Manager,
what
one
improvement in
is a
venience, used in restaurants and railway stations and invented by a girl 16 eyears old; a syllable type with adjustable cases and apparatus, signal rackets used in the navy, deep
numerable smaller inventions for the^ dress and household.
The bag machine is by far the most original and unique invention. This machine, for its complicated mechanism and extraordinary ingenuity, ha: brought special mention to the in- % ventor, Maggie Knight, from the commissioner of patents.
Mrs. Mary Walton, who invented the noise deadener for elevated railroads, made good on something on which the master inventor, Edison, had been working for six months. Mrs. Walton’* smoke consumer is,
• " however, the thing about which she be most proud. This burns all smoke from coal fires, furnace and locomotives,
caused by railroad trains and takes out the offensive odors from factories and gas works ftcials have said that they consider this invention the greatest of the
Yet Many Succeed
can
Yet women mechanics there are and
They can take down
many of them machines and build them up again. They can construct airplanes and engines and submarines. Their work in the munition factories is becoming indispensable. The beginners at first are slow and rather awkward because they do not know mechanics and because their hands are not accustomed to manipulating tools, but after they have once got hold of the hang of things they improve with surprising leapt, and bounds and an amazingly short time become very efficient and very resourceful.
If women have the opportunities for advancing their mechanical ability, there will not be such a preponderance of male mechanics among us human beings in the centuries to come.
Even as it has been, the number of patents for mechanical inventions of primary importance which have been granted to women are many.
we were
active sympathy both of Queen Mary instance, pea soup I Queen Alexandra, as well as that col ate, cocoa, and milk
of several others of the royal blood.
The president of the Women’s Side
i. Prime,, Victoria of Schleswig- NVI 1-Jack, dear did you ca l on Holstein. At the present minute not papa to-day? Jack- Sure, I did. but
],¦ than 23,000 women are enrolled he didn’t appear to enthuse very much To cleanse bottles that have held oil under her. Most of them are volun- over my visit. Nell—What did he place **hes in each bottle, cover with leers and their work is beyond all say? Jack—Why, when 1 asked him cold water and heat gradually. Let
for permission to press my suit, he water boil for about one hour, simply answered, Why »n’t you then a|jow it to stand until cold Wash
the bottle in soapy water, then rinse.
can
the dust
an
consumes

'
British of
That’s
age
The filling of roast fowl will be richer if moistened with white stock.
praise
Branches in Various Lands.
Each of the self-governing British
send it to a tailor?”
I WAdmY Per ter throw
PM W THE WASTE BASKET, SOME oNe WILL aueevf
cut themselves
Nope-l guess i hadnt setter put them in
THERE, SOME AWlMA*-
MI6HY SET TBebG
IP I THROW 'EM IN the EAVE TROUGH THEl MIûHT STOP UP THE PIPE
IF I THROW EM IN THE \jARD SOME KID MIGHT
SET them r------
GUESS ILL THROW
These old SAFE TV RAZOR blades
Better put
'EM BACK-,
I GUESS

A WAV — |
l
CUT
9/-

I

o
?
/
\V
Z
H

z
à
i y-'
i


EBA»
.
»
HI
I


X


###PAGE###7###
THIS IS SPRAYING TIME
arm (rop Wuecies
.Yqyr
TonJem

/ e
\
:
/

Methods of Combating the Enemies of Plant Life in the Garden
Vf
As noon an potatoes are well up I Young celery plants fchould be spray*
The little ed in t!:e seed bed and at intervals of
&
they should be sprayed
flea beetle begins operations as soon ten days with a mixture of ten pounds as the plants are four or five inches of vitrio to fifty gallons of water.
high and so do the potato bugs. Arsenate of lead spray should be Whether or not potatoes have been	uge(, for cotnjng moth, caterpillars,
grown in the vicinity before, the bugs	f|ca beetles, browntail moth, gypsy
are sure to be on hand early in the*	moth, cucumber beetle and currant
season and crops can only be protect-	worm amj curculio. If paste is used
•d by spraying. Then, too, hlight j	thr<1<1 pouII(ls to fifty gallons of water	r
must be checked by a spraying every	shou)(j be use(j for codling moth and L- T.For household use, the most in put in the water to set the color, o.
ten days or two weeks. Cover the j curcu]j0 por canker worms, cater- effe<*tive and least dangerous of fly It is said that the juice of an onion plants thoroughly with the spray, the pj||ars cranberry insects and leaf P°i8ons/is theone-to-five per cent, solu- will remove scorch marks from silk upper and lower surfaces of the foil- eatjng insects in general use four tion formaldehyde^ To a pint of An invitation to a church wedding age. Vitrio is a good preparation to poun(|8 t() fifty gallons of water as water add three teaspoonfuls of com- need not be acknowledged unless an inuse for this purpose or arsenate	of	soon	as insects appear. Repeat	merc*al formaldehyde.	It is	not ex-	vitation to the breakfast or reception
lead and bordeau may be used.	If	on later broods if needed.	Arsenate of	Pen8ive. and can be bought	at any	is included. Wedding silver, linen,
vitrio is used ten pounds should	be	jeft(j	ig dead|y t() human	beings and	<lrug 8t°re. Take one	or more thin	and all gifts intended for the bride
mixed with fifty gallons of water.	m'lJst	b(, uged wjtb care	Fruit and	taMe tumblers and fill	each	one of	should be marked with the initials of
For asparagus, beans, other garden vegetables that have been sprayed tîlem ha,f ful1, or more, of the solu- the b/ide’s maiden name, vegetables, small fruits and rose mugt b thoroughly washed before tlon- Cut a P»ece of blotting paper Mrs. T.:—1. To clean a greasy car-bushes, one pound of vitrio dissolved th ‘	.	,nto circular form, slightly smaller pet, mix together whiting and corn
in five gallons of water will produce J	# anu than an ordinary saucer. Place the meal, heat it and sift it thickly over
the desired results.	For cabbage lice tal c a	lu ip *	blotting paper in the saucer and then	the	carpet; then cover	with gasoline
Place the required amount of paste	P*ter, the size of an egg,	anc pu in a	jnvert the saucer over the tumbler;	and	rub hard until the	gasoline eva-
m a pail and add cold water gradually, •Pnnk,cr of water- SPri"^le ... , " next, holding the hand on top of the porates
slowly stirring until sufficient water bage once or tw,£e and th	tumbler and the saucer, quickly invert a damp cloth. This should only be
has been added to produce a smooth no more Iice on them*	. .	them. Then place a match under the done in the open, as the danger of fire
milklike liquid. Pour this mixture Bordeau mixture is • fungicide and edge of the tumbler. That will break from gasoline is very great. Be through a fine wire strainer into the	a P,ant stimulant also,	preventing	the air seal and allow the fluid to per-	careful also in rubbing when the gaso-
spray tank, which has previously been	blights and rusts during	the growing	colate slowly into the blotting paper,	line	has been applied.	If it is not
fi led three-fourths full of clean water, season.	and to keep it moist, so that the flies possible to do the work in the open,
Cucumbers and melons should be During the growing season toma- can drink from it. This solution at- use only the powder, allowing it to
Tomato toes, celery, asparagus, small fruits, tracts flies, and usually kill them with- stand for several days, then remove beans, etc., will be benefited by spray- in two or three minutes.	and repeat the treatment until the
ing with bordeau mixture.	“Reader”:—1. When a person re- grease has disappeared
marks, “I am very glad I have met you. paint marks may be removed from Miss B—,” after having been introduc- your dark blue wool suit by rubbing as the result of choice. It is often a ed to you, respond by saying, “I am the spots with alcohol, last resort. A cement tank, sunk ten 8Ure the pleasure is mutual”; or, “I “Lill”:—1. No matter how careful or twelve inches in the ground and am g]a(j to know you.” There is no one is when sewing, often an oil spot filled with clean cool water, answers 8et phrase for such occasions. 2. To gets on a dress while making, if the much better.	remove tar, apply turpentine or kero- machine has recently been oiled. As
Castrate the male pigs before they sene, followed by soap and water. 3. your fabric is silk, cover it thickly are weaned, when they are about six Almond meal is an excellent substitute with powdered starch and leave for or eight weeks old. Choose a clear for soap for use on the face. 4. To twenty-four hours. After the starch dry day for the work.	destroy roaches, dip slices of potato in has been brushed off the stain will not
All whey from cheese factories and arsenic mixed with sugar. Gather be noticeable, butter milk from creameries should up every morning and drop into boil- Mrs. D. P.:—1. There is nothing be pasteurized before feeding to hogs, ing water, as some of the insects may that will take the taste of leeks from /A mixture recommended for hog- still be alive. But never allow poi- cream or butter. The best way is parture is barley and rape, the hogs son to lie around if there are children not to allow the cows to graze in Forage helps to to be turned on when the barley is in the house. Paris green is anoth- weedy places. It is an argument in
starting to shoot. If not overdone, er remedy, and pulverized borax is favor of cleaning up all the weeds on the barley will keep the herd going good.	the farm, isn’t it? 2. A good style
till odd heads began to ripen, then the	“Subscriber”:—1. The worû “Argen- of dress for a two-year-old boy is dark
Let them do | grain and rape make a good ration tine” means “silvered,” and is as- colored knickerbockers buttoned to a
until after frost arrives.	sociated with the Plata River because white or light-blue waist with large
Hogs on pasture require grain for “plata” means “silver” in the Spanish pearl buttons. Sailor suits of white greatest profits in pork production, tongue. Thus the name given to the cotton with navy-blue collar, cuffs and but a full feed is not economical when great South American country took tie are also suitable. They may be pasture is plentiful and grain high another form to describe the land - had readymade for $1.50 at the large priced.	through which the Plata flows
Mercury is the planet nearest to the a half years and upward sun. 3. A panama hat may be clean- ] are two styles of hair-cut for little ed by scrubbing with cormeal and wa- boys; one being the close shave which ter. 4. Red-bordered towels and the older boys favor and the other the naphins will not fade if a little borax Buster Brown or Dutch cut.
I
CoTuUictod Ax Mm 7it(eyn Jxiur
Coodocted liy Professor Henry G. Bell
The object of this deportment It te piece •* th* ¦•rvlce of our farm readers the advice of an acknowi» •dfltd authority on all subjects pertaining to soils ana •rep».	. x
Address all questions to Professor Henry O. Bell, l* ears of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In this column In the order In which they are received. As space le limited It Is advisable whore Immediate reply Is necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when Shi answer will be mailed direst
1
Mothers end daughters of all age# are cordially Invited to writs t°
department Initials only will be published with each question and
• newer at a means of Identification, but full name and address must
will
1; :?$
Clvsn In each letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answers mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law Wccdbine Ave., Toronto.
231

Hearj G. Bait
analyzing 2 to 3% ammonia, 8 to 10% phosphoric acid and 1% potash. This will start your corn crop off strong and vigorous, just the same as whole milk gives a vigorous start to your calves. -

I have a field of about forty acre# of heavy June grass The land la mucky, with clay sub-soil. I would like to know if buckwheat would be of any use to subdue the June grasa on thia
good crop of beets on this land seven	Question—A. C :—I have a five acre
years ago. After the beets I had fie|d which has a heavy sod about four oats, but they grew rather too rank yeani 0|j which was turned down and and lodged, thereby killing out part of planted to beans last year. On ac-the seeding which caused the June COUnt of wire worms I did not plant grass to take a start and it has been to oatg or corn this Spring. I have it left in that way ever since, so that plowed again and intend planting to it is now almost a solid June grass bean», but some of my neighbors said Now If you believe that buck- they would take the beans. Will wheat would grow on this land then I they? If so, is there anything I can would like to know what kind of buck- do to prevent it? I do not find many wheat to get and how much to sow now Would the dry weather effect per acre.	them any? The soil is a clay loam
Answer:—-The soil that you describe with a heavy clay bottom, should produce a rank growth of buck- Answer:—The wire worms which wheat The crop, however, is better effected your crops last year found suited to n clay loam. If you seed a suitable home in the sod which was buckwheat on this soil, it should make plowed under. You are planning cor-sufficient growth to overcome the rectly to plant this land to a cultivated June grass, if the seed-bed is well pre- crop this year, since through cultiva-pared. In viev of the fact that your tion it seems possible to get rid of the grain lodged so badly, I would advise w|re worms. .It is impossible for me you to apply at least 200 pounds per to pay whether the wire worms will acre of acid phosphate, which supplies take the beans or not this year, how-phosphorus, the kind of plantfood that ever, thorough tillage of the soil in gives strength to the straw of the preparing the seed-bed will do a great /grain. This will give strength to the deal to drive them out, as will also buckwheat vines and will plump the the application of 200 to 400 pounds buckwheat kernels. Silver Hull buck- 0f fertilizer per acre when seeding wheat is considered a good variety and your beans. The late Prof. Smith requires about five pecks of seed per 0f New Jersey, who made a careful acre. Another good crop to use under study of the life history of the wire
the conditions you describe would be worm, strongly recommends fertilizers put the self-feeder where the pigs This can be sown broadcast in as a means of getting rid of the wire can help themselves Rape requires about five or | worm. The wire worm does not like the work until marketing time.
fertilizer, and beside fertilizer gives pig8 may be more important than added strength to the	young growing	pedigrees, but it is a wise practise to
crop and hence helps	it to withstand	]00k after both in a pure-bred herd.
Question—AJ.W.:~We	expect	to	light Insect attacks.	For your con-	a pedigree is valuable at selling time,
vied a	silo	10x32	feet.	Have	six and	ditions, I would advise a fertilizer	Hogs do not always use mud-holes
a half acres, about half of this field is analyzing 1 to 2% ammonia, 8 to 12% sand loam and the other half Is clay phosphoric acid and 1 to 2% potash, loam. We plowed down a heavy June This should be worked thoroughly into gras* and timothy sod last year and it the soil before you plant the beans,,
was partly covered with manure. We by scattering it on the surface of the Th?re.8 .8q“‘re , our t0T" have covered it again thia winter and plowed land and harrowing it in _ And he is thunderous wise, want to plant it for silage. How thoroughly or by drilling it in, if you He sits behind a bramble bush, should we drill the corn and how much have a grain drill with fertiliser dis- A spyglass to his eyes, seed per acre? Would it pay to use tribu ting attachment. Cultivation And takes the numbers of the cars some commercial fertilizer; If so how and fertilizers are about the only That pass before his sight, much and what analysis would you re- things that you can do to combat the Then notifies the owners commend?	wire worm. I do not believe the dry To appear on Friday night.
Answer:—In	corn for	has had much effect
age, both drill and check-row systems them.
are successfully used. The check-1 Question—R. W.:—We want to use row system, which is really the hill commercial fertilizer on our bean land system, allows of cultivating the corn thia year and we don’t know just how Doth ways. If the land is not very weedy the drill system is satisfactory, drilling it in rows about 30 inches apart. In drills it requires about 10 quarts to the acre.
To make sure of the germination, you vould do well to buy the seed on the ear and test the ears for germination. This can be done by taking out six kernels from each ear, two from the tip, middle and butt, numbering the ear and placing the kernels on a square of blotting paper or cloth, numbering the square the same number as the ear. Place the cloth in a pan or large plate where you can keep It damp and warm, and inside of a week the kernels should have germinated sufficiently to tell you whether the ear is strong, weak or dead. Take the medium and strong ears and shell them out together and discard the ears that show very weak or dead kernels. It would surely pay you to fertilize your corn. For this purpose I would recommend the use of 200 to 800 pounds per acre of a fertilizer
Question—C. K
sod
Sweep clean and wipe with
sod
sprayed every ten days plants should be sprayed as soon as set out and occasionally as required.
2. The red
A good pasture is a pig’s paradise.
If you want to get full value for your skim-milk, whey and buttermilk, let the pigs handle it for you.
The man who buys the stuff he feeds his hogs has only the feeder's profit. By growing the feed he has the grower’s profit, too.
If the corn drowns out, sow some rape for the hogs put the gains on hogs at the lowest
cost.
rape, rows
six pounds of ceed per acre if sown broadcast, and three pounds if sown in
drill.
2.1 department stores, in hizes for one and
3. There
MEND ROADS WITH OLD BOOTS
THE MOTORISTS HYMN OF HATE.
Leather is Shredded and Mixed With
Asphalt and Tar.
The first man to hit upon the idea! SAPPERS AIDED BY CANARIES, possibility that the deadly gas has
'of utilizing old boots for mending	- found its way into the galleries. The
roads made a fortune out of it. He In France Birds Arc Used to Detect men have their anti-gas apparatus tore the leather to pieces by mechani-	Poison Gases.	ready and the leader takes up a small
Ml andntarand treBted 11 W th aSP" Alittl° yellow breasted, daintily " H^fding^he cage VeH^uVand” In'
«**
had any bad effect upon it.	gas which the Germans squirt out of
More recently still yet another me- cylinders. This can be seen rolling up	Fifty-Fifty.
The canary's part is played thus: bottom ’alf is stendin' at ease!"
When a mine is exploded, whether	_
You pony up and do not swear, But go your humble way, Because he is the Law and you Are only there to pay So that your contribution May add to the amount Which gives to that old rascal A bulky bank account.
much is best to put on per acre to get best results out of beans. Also, which would be best, to sow fertilizer broadcast or in the hill with beans? Our land is practically clay land.
Answer:—For fertilizing beans on clay soil, I would advise the use of from 200 to 600 pounds per acre of fertilizer analyzing 2 to 3% ammonia, 8 to 10%phosphoric acid and 1 to 2%
potaghHHHpHHHHH
oughly into the soil when you are preparing the seed-bed at least a week to ten days previous to planting. It can be spread with a lime spreader or if you have a grain drill with fertilizer drilling attachment, it is well to apply it that way.	*	1 I
to see that the fertilizer is evenly distributed and thoroughly worked into the soil. It is rich available plant-food if it is worked into the soil where it can dissolve so that the plants can make use of it. It is not best practice to drill the fertilizer in with the beans. Broadcasting has been found to give best results.	^
I do not thirst for carnage,
I am not quick to hate,
But this is what Pd like to do To that wise magistrate—
I’d like to creep behind him,
And take him by surprise,
And shove him in that bramble And scratch out both his eyes.
—M. A. Dashell.
This should be worked thor-
means' of the uTgs, ° anothereVrej G”man or British- therc a,way a breathes seven as	heated,
sweating animals.
For winter green feed there is noth-

Test the seed corn before planting
The important point Is
' Billy,” he began, just as if he were much older than she, “I have known many little girls in my day, and I must say I nevei knew one with whom I I would rather play than with you, i Billy, my dear
O
Damp and filth are the two prime
causes of disease among poultry. Idle- ing better than lawn clippings. The ness is a disease breeder, busy fowls, grass should be gathered as soon as as a rule, keeping in good health, cut, and spread out on a shed rouf so Filthy drinking vessels breed undesir- both sun and air can strike it. As able germs about as quickly rs any- soon as it is thoroughly dry it should thing, germs often hiding in the scum be raked up and packed in barrels for that is allowed to accumulate.	the winter. Care must be taken that
Keep the houses thoroughly ventil- it does not dry too much, or it will ated during the month, for June has lose its strength and bleach out con-some very hot days and nights.	siderably. It should, however, be
You are smarter than most folks if june j8 a good month for caponizir.g perfectly cured before storing away, you can tell what the wool market the young cockerels.	or it may heat and spoil,
will be six months from now. Nine To keep in good he. 1th, a hen, in In feeding^soak the grass in luke-times out of ten it is well to sell your proportion to its size, requires almost warm water for about twelve to eigh-
clip soon after shearing.	Be>en times the amount of fresi^air teen hours, after which either mix the	f
Keep the little chaps that are thrifty that « horse needs. The horse sweats mash or squeeze out the water and ters over and oyer to herself, **() dear. ^ rules and have a good, thick-met growth of through hi. akin, but the fowl muet I feed in troughs by itself.	l ean never make you .pell anything eom<. f th ,tortef we malte in	M
wool on their backs.	¦	...	-------------------- thought, a. 'h'l^keddown.tth. ^ bjg Q ^	^ with Old
m&ssmæwm
prrawd* wtT.he LfÏeTfor th. mght	'	g	^ ™ «MU' «6 all about
udders with a two per cent, solution of Remove shoe, pare the sole of the Disinfecting the stables with coal-	were goft an(j rich the hill where Jack and Jill had their
coal-tar disinfectant before allowing quarter well down to expose the corn tar dips will go a long way toward "J . ,	_ .iiver voiced clock struck famous tumble; hi had been there
the calves to suck.	and allow escape of pus If there be protecting the horses from flies. T*	houra Aunt Hannah’s and had seen the well. Just as
Evey heifer calf killed means one any, apply hot poultices until soreness Clean the stables every day in hot in* *	, tlll even when she Dilly was imagining that she was
less cow. Without any restriction, disappears, then get shod with a lesth- weather.	| __m jt >nd now tbat sbe was gone looking down into its coed depths
Ditty longed to hear some sound,
She thought of the noisy nursery at home, and how she wished she were there! But Billy had measles, and Dilly must stay at Aunt Hannah’s
H the letters stared up at before Dilly’# wondering gese. ooked hack U them in be- Tee Billy is well, and you shall go wilderment, for somehow they «remedy to-morrow," said Aunt Hannah, to be speaking to her in tiny friendly Dilly untied, hMhl W9ÊÛ AmI
The big round O spoke fl it mk* ÎÎ—O—M—R mg Dilly a funny little bow. “Mj dear letters had
If it were possible, my friends and I would rise from our pasteboards and join you in some game, but we are hard workers, hard
in books and paper-* think huw very, very many times we letters are used in a day? It is words, words, words, until there is seldom j any rest for us
The Daisy Month.
This is the best of all the months, For school is ending soon;
And that is where it gets its nam “The daisy month of June"!
ute they are big enough. More money in them now than there will be after a while.
QSfiea
We must always be busy
Did you ever
As long as the teeth of a sheep are strong end in good working order, it is reasonably safe to keep her.
The safety of the flock may be greatly insured by calling up the Fheep every night and shutting them into a tight fold the habit and are also more docile the year around. A flock of iheep can ^not be made too tame. A wild flock is of less value and makes less growth and shorter fleeces than a quiet one.
Unless you intend to keep the lambs for home use, let the bucks go the min
We should like to
"O-M-E-H " am, U..	ZbZLfZZZSL:
Instead, we shall tell you
O—M—E—H
They soon get

y$$$Pûïrr&
At the
Breed the best to the beet.
Raise the calves; quit eating veal.
Keep all calf palls, and the utensils with which milk comes in con-acrupulously clean
with hot water and then expose them the sale of calves and cows for mea 1er sole between shoe -ml hoot end no Condition in a horse is manifested to the sun during the day.	can proceed so far that there will be pressure upon the quarter of the well. by keenness for work, brightness of
To make a real success at the fall s serious shortage of cattle. Already, | When breeding the mares, bear in an<j klssm of coat A horse is show* begin now to care for the pro-. good cpws never were so scarce and, mind that it pays to have one breed in capab|f of his greatest effort only spec live entries It ia no honor to high.	!• community. The greatest progress when |n
su a crart	..sœxz
Sa-ïf-Hsws 2 SSsSHL-S Se jtææuss:\M7tr*£xx s
22L	fer*-	I tke âr»t time.	1>«* »knt, of Um. .t noon.
Scald them
something seemed to touch her, and there was Aunt Hannah lifting Dilly’e head from the table, where it had fallen whsn she went to sleep? Aunt Hannah's jeweled hind turned the letters about until a beautiful word lay
hid
to be!
been able to bring a


###PAGE###8###
Z
Brides will like
^CBEAM l~- Movw
Rk'and raisêvQurcajves
| Av " uponthe skim milk, ifl Any quantity of cream Lf i wifi be token' and the <
highest price paid.
tmr 39oftawa *
J

The sianille M ail Shae Sien
Our Jewelery.
Jewelery is the thing to give for a Wedding Present because it expresses the sentiment of
the giver.
Who does not treasure a King, a Pin, a Brooch, a Necklace, a Watch or Silverware, which was received as a gift at a certain time, especially if it be Wedding Time ?
Therefore the Jewelery you give the bride or to a friend should have the " quality there.” We sell Quality Jewelery, ,	^
modern in style, reasonable in price.
i'
<4
t

SPECIAL
for Saturday, June 30tl)
s
AN
Low Prices . .
Are the ruling features of our store, wlyle the goods we offer if|
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring- Trade.
30 Pairs Men’s Work Boots
J
HANSSHADEL
with good stock in the uppers and single sole
*
Pontiac’s Only Jewelery Store.
PRICE $2.65
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
for quick sale on Saturday only.
These goods would cost more than this price wholesale today, but the reason we are flcing them we find we are over stocked in
this line.
Remember this price is good on Saturday, June 30th only.
MARKET FOR
PULPWOOD
sacn-
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
TO LET
—FOR—
Shawville and District
TO HELL FOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
—0—0—0—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917, and Spring Planting. 1918. including many new varieties which we alone control.
Best Farmers’ Hotel
in Pontiac
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
Dining Room ami 22 Red Rooms furnished yiud, Sheds and Stables
Xvply at once
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOO
Large
Send for new illustrated catalogue; also agent's proposition. Handsome free out-tit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
p. E. SMILEY.
(i. W. DALE,
W. A. HUDGINS
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and C. N. R Railways.
STONK and WELLINGTON (Established 1857)
Ontario
Toronto
THE MARKETS
For Service
Local and District.
I
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
Keep a record of your outings, your 'hildren and your stock, l»y purchasing i kodak. I have a complete stork from
Imison.
SHAWVIILE
A registered Durham Dull. Service fee. 81
x few new
You undoubted1)^^0 pi ¦ ires >¦ -’i would like framed
Picture framing
i
\p|»ly to
Flour pci barrel 914.(HI Wheat, pei bushel, to 2 25 Oats,per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, $d.(*0.
Butter tubs, printsand rolls 25c Potatoes per bag. 2.50.
Eggs per dozen 25c.
Wool, washed. 02c.; unwashed, 50c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides eaeh 0.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 00c
W H. I KIDS, Maryland, Hristol
pi»
and
specialty. H. Imison.
The Void well Woollen M ills at
'*t‘V Nil
Mr. Tennyson Smith's “Spécial Night” at the Methodist Church . Thursday. \\ hirh brought his
Lanark were destroyed by lire on week-seiie-> of meetings held here
Thursday last, incurring heavy to a close, was largely attended, loss.	While some were highly pleased
Fte John W. Elliott, who went I with the entertainment presented oversea* with the 77tli Battalion, by the noted lecturei, there were
has»r,,v,l,nl,u,,M,«.ouhi<,,,y ^
i- not in a position to play the The Orangemen residing at and roje ()f < ritie ; hut the chief of in the vic inity of Norway Hay are staff was there and was (piite sat planning to hold a Celebration at	with what he saw and heard
the Hay on the Twelfth.	___ _______
TAILORING
PUBLIC NOTICE
on
Province of (juelicc,
,w I We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
there will tie held on Monday, the ninth	___
day of July, 1917, at the hour of ten in	fx"R. A Tr	T^T iXT Kj
the morning, at the office of the Asst.	*	*
sîuwviik1''ing'!!f Sic j'rlïS.'r! and other very fashionable shades
of real estate of this municipality of
Clarendon, entered as such on the valu-1	Call and look them OV6T.
at ion roll, and having )»aid all their school taxes and other contribution*, to proceed with the election of a School Commissioner in the nxmi and stead of Hoi art J. Tracy, whose term of office
Fathers and mothers, it in your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family groupie the most appropriate.
Rev. Mr. Cook is the new Methodist minister in charge of the N. Clarendon and Bristol
He arrived last
Found His Brother’s Grave
Miss Florence Howard last week received a letter from her cousin Marshall Howard, (who for some time has been with the Canadian troops in France) in which lie states that while walking along a road one day, lie came acioss i gi i vi > ml w hich his cm iosity prompted him to go thiough and examine the names of the soldiers who had answered “the last call.”
While thus engaged, to his great surprise, he came upon one grave marked with the number and name of his brother Jack, of whose death he had not heard, he being under the impression, from information received, that Jack was wounded and in hospital. The incident shows how little our soldiers know of the events that are daily transpiring within a comparatively short distance of where they for the time being are stationed.
Yarrn
a ppointtnents
week.
H. Imison, l’h >t<> Ar tis
Rain Coats,
Strawand Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
expires.
Given at Shawville this 8th day of .1 me, i»i7.
June Wedding
Lvcky Billy !—Mrs. W. II. Barr drew the lucky key which opened the lock attached to the Silver Cabinet at P. K. Smiley s, and Mr. Barr became the proud possessor of the handsome prize a few days ago.
Mr. Geo. Fades, eldest son of Mr. Thomas Fades, who is preparing for the Methodist ministry, and who last year had charge of the appointments at Calabogie, A-h-dod and Byers, has been sent to Fganville this year. He has been spending a few holidays at his home in Clarendon.
La RSON — M AI T! ,A NI).
A very pretty wedding took placent Austin Methodist ( liurch, on Wednesday afternoon, June 20th, when Miss Flsie Pearl, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. w. II. Maitland, of Clarendon, became the Glide of Mr. Clarence Joseph, youngest son of Mr. and Mrs.
I\ Carson, of the same locality
Rev. F. Tripp, Methodist minister, of Shawville, assisted by Rev. Mr. Haskins, of Fortage du Fort, performed the ceremony, which wa- witnessed by about one hundred persons. The church was beautifully decorated with cut Mowers, ferns, etc.
The bride, who was unattended, entered the church leaning on her fathers arm, to the strains of a wedding march played by Miss Ha-kins, of Fortage du Fort. She
becoming dies* of embroidered net over ivory brocaded it in. i Ichljr trimmed with w bite
, with
m. a. McKinley,
A«st. Scc.-Treas.,
School Mu. of Clarendon
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Teachers Wanted.
Five qualified Teachers are still re iiiired by the Clarendon School Board

as
i
I
Applications for the vacant | wait Iona will Ik* received by the undersigned up
to-Saturday, June Ifith
M. A. M< KIN LEY,
Asst. See.-Trea*
The Masonic service held at Ayl-tuer on Sunday evening was attended by a few of the Shawville craftsmen who motored down to the lakeside town during the afternoon for that purpose. Another carload got stalled while passing through Qtivoti village, a* the result of picking up a nail on the road, which so damaged a tire that repairs were impossible, and so the remaining distance to Aylmer was not negotiated.
FOR SALE
2 Milk Cans $1.00 each,
2 set* Springs for milk waggon, $4.00 each.
Are drawing nigh Are you prepared ?
We are Headquarters for all kinds of new and up-to-the-minute Men’s Toggery
Pte. J. Galloway, of Wyman Among the Slain.
1 Wire Stretcher (Page) $3.00,
30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
. It. W. HUDGINS,
Shawville
Mrs. Isaac Langford of Clarendon Front, has handed The Eqvitv the following letter relating to the death "i her brother, Pte. J. < -.t Muxs ,« y. \vh<> fell during an engagement in France about the 10th of April
wore a
chiffon and pearl trimming* white picture hat to match.
After the ceremony, the bridal motored to the home of the parents, when, after the customary round of congratulations on the part of the many invited guests, the company assembled in the dining room where a sumptuous wedding dinner was
•a Ven.
The popularity in which the young couple are held was reflected in the large number of presents—including many articles of value and several cheques for substantial sums—which were be stowed upon them by a host of friends, who join in wishing the youthful pair, a long, pros lierons and happy life.
Deatti of Mrs. W. J. Poupore
(Montreal Herald June 22)
The Social held under the auspices of St. Alban’s Church at the home of Mr. Robert Cartman on Thursday evening last was in every sense a successful event, the iroceeds amounting to over $73.00.
¦ was a large attendance and everybody enjoyed the program as well as the good things provided. Rev. Mr. Hall very efficiently discharged the duties of chairman. The promoters of the social were highly gratified by the result and feel that they owe an expression of thanks t-» all who contributed to the success attained, especially to those who supplied the program, and to Mr. and Mrs. Cartman, for the use of their home and their unreserved hospitality.
When Mrs. Barbara Elonore Poupore. wife of Mrs. W. J. Poupore, passed away at her home, 388 Wood avenue, yesterday, the career was closed of one of the most devoted of wives, best of mothers and gentlest of women had attained the age of 67 years, and all the actions that marked her earthly course were laden with the fullness of tieauty as her life was laden with the fullness of time.
The' deceased lady was the second da tighter of the late John Poupore, ex M. 1\, and was descended from a Norman Fn m h family, some < I wh<m m tied in Canada at the time when Mais soncuve arrived. At an early age she married and her husband's success was in no small way du^, to her untiring zeal. Mr. Poudre has been the promoter and head of large business enterprise*, and was a member of Parliament for his native county, Pontiac, for many years, lieside* being associated with several commissions and societies for promoting the public wel-
M
I,“IS.
France, May 18, 1917
Dear Mrs. Itaac Langford :—
It is with deep regret and sympathy that 1 am writing to give you some particulars concerning the death of your brother, Pte. J. Galloway, of “B Co., 38th Battalion, C. K. F
During the time he was with the Company after coming over from England, he at all times displayed a true soldierly spirit, showing that he realized the objects for which we are fighting, and that they are well worthy of the sacrifice he was making out cheerfully all duties assigned to him which were often accompanied by great hardship ; yet, I am informed by those who were his close friend*, that he did not shrink from them.
It was dark when we attacked and I did not see him again, but 1 have learned that he was killed while al*»ut to enter a Merman trench.
You may understand how hard it is for me, a stranger, to express my sympathy to you hie relatives, yet I must ml a-	do this anywa
For Saturday, June 30th
%
She
iere
we offer Special Prices on
Men’s and Boys’ Suits, Raincoats, Straw and Felt Hats, Sport and Negligee Shirts, Braces, Belts, Caps, Socks, Underwear, etc., etc. «
He carried
JUNE EXAMINATIONS Report of District Schools
Presentation—Members of the Shawville Y. P. S., and other young townsfolk were hospitably entertained at the home of Mr. and Mr*. Roy Macfarlane of Clarendon Front, on Tuesday of last week, when a pleasing feature of the evening's proceedings took the form of a presentation to Mis* Lily Duncan, who has been one of the Academy teachers for the f>a*t two year*. The presentation consisted of a pretty clasp pin with pearl setting, accompanied by a neatly phrased address. The re. cipient, who, it may be said, made many friends during her sojourn in Shawville, acknowledged the mark of appreciation and good feeling towards her in becoming terms. Refreshments were afterwards served, and the evening was otherwise spent in various amuse-
Monday, July 2nd
.School No. 14, Clarendon
Being a Big Day in Shawville, you should dress up and be in with the crowd. Come to Dovers for your Togs and buy them for less.
(Names in order of merit.)
Grade VI.--Margaret Martin, Maude Somerville, Yuls Brown, Eva Horner.
Grade V.—Gracie Hill, Ernest Martin, David Horner.
Grade IV.—Marie Martin, May Hill, Joey Brown, Winnifred Carrie.
Grade III—Elia Young.
Grade II—John Martin.
Grade II, Primer— Ralph
Grade I.— Lillian FVUn Brown, Eva Black, Leo Belanger.
No. of pupil* enrolled 21. Average attendance for the year 12. Number of days the school was in operation 212.
E. M. Caldwell,
Mr*. Poujiorc had alway* a kind word to say. She wa* a devout Catholic and a lover of mankind in general. One of her daughters is a member of a religious community in Quebec. last summer she wa* taken ill suddenly and since then her health ha* been failing. Orville She wa* confined to her room for some
rions to her death^HHf leave# her husband, three tone and three daughters.
The funeral took place on Friday morning to Ht. Leo's Church, thence to Teacher. * Cote de* Neiges cemetery.
write a
He was called upon to make the greatest of sacrifices, and we who were his comrades, know and can appreciate what this mean*.
If I can give you any further infor-
Homer
(nation, or be of any service to you, I shall consider it only an honour to do
•wr,

ARCHIE DOVER
Believe me.
Yours very sincerely,
T. W, MacDowell, Major O. C. “B” Co„
38th Battalion, C. E. F.
men ta.
