###PAGE###1###
O
$1.00 A YEAR IX ADVANCE.
SHAWV1LLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, gUE., THURSDAY, AUGUST 2, 1017.
No. 0, 35th Year


5t#l5-
The Bank of Ottawa
Tf)e Merchants BanK of Caqada
THE HARDWARE STORE
Established 1864
ESTABLISHED 1814.
Paid Up Capital
$4,000,000
4,750,000
OFFICERS !
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir II. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blai kwkll MANAGING DIRECTOR	E. F. Hkbden
GEN. MANAGER ..	..	I). C. Mac Allow
Rest

95 Offices throughout Canada
«
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,084 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16, ..
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada
$7,000,000
Farmers’ Banking
receives careful, courteous attention. Savings Bank De partaient at every Branch.
FRUIT JARS
PICKLING SPICES
VINEGAR
.	108,956,096
e e
Sale Notes Discounted.
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small and they can be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par ut any bank In Canada. The rates arc aa follows
$ 5.00 and under 5.00 to $10......
10.00	to $30...
80.00	to $50...
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
.T, A. Mi Latchik, Manager.
H. LEGER. Manager.
G. M. CoLtiVHOVN, Acting M ar
Fort Covlonoe Branch. Campbells Bay Branch. Fortaob du Fort Branch
3c
6
10
RUBBER RINGS FOR JARS PAROWAX FOR SEALING.
15
of the
The weekly work meeting Shawville H. M Club will be Imld nt the home of Mrs. Edward Dale this Thursday evenmg.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
The Austin Homemakers' Club, will meet at the home of Mrs. Willie Burton on August 7th at 2.1k) p. m. Subjects Value of fruits as fut ni by Mrs. George Me* Cmgg : Heading by Mrs. Willie Elliott ; Roll call : Hints on jelly
Rev. John Hurst, Beaehburg, had charge of the memorial service in the Norman Methodist Church, N. Clarendon, to the late Lawrence Grant on Sunday afternoon ; also preaching at the evening service in the Methodist church Shawville.
The Anniversary Services of the Ptesbyterian (brick) Church, Bristol, will be held on Sunday, August 5th. Rev. G. A. Wood*, of Beaehburg, will be the preacher. A social will be held on the Manse grounds following evening—August <tth.
The patriotic lawn social at Mr. Roy Macfarlane's on Thursday evening was well attended, and a sum amounting to about sixty dollars was realized. Befme the evening’s program was more than half through, however, a violent thunderstorm came up, and the lawn had to be abandoned for the friendly shelter of the house.
Rev. Mr. Minge, Secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance for the Province of Quebec, expects to lie here on Sunday, and will have charge of the following services : Methodist Church, morning : Starks Corners, afternoon and Shawville Presbyterian, evening. He will speak of the work that is being done throughout the Dominion by the Alliance to maintain the Sabbath.
W. F. DRUM
As usual we sell only high-quality goods at reasonable price.
The Willing Workers of Radford have sent in another shii>-ment of goods to the Red Cross, as follows :—24 pairof socks ; 15 suits pyjamas ; 3 pairs of slippers and 1 cloz. cakes of soap.
“Canada’s Best”
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
n SCHOOL
<
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING
y
Ottawa, Ont.
PERSONAL MENTION


OTTAWA | ONT
ss4# 8
»
tiU
Miss Hilda Thomson, is visiting i Our instruction I* Individual, and the
relative* ill Aylmer tills week. school Is open duiing the entire year ; ,, ,	.. » »	. .	. .. you may therefore start at any time.
Mrs. Cohen, or Montreal, 1* visit- Our rates are $10 per month ; do not
ing her daughter, Mrs. A. Dover, ,m> a cent more.
in town.	More than tOO students from other local
C.P, r. c. Bmyth. .pent tl»	SSKjïî'i.ïïi.îii"'
week-end «ml Sunday with his Students are assisted to positions, wife and little soil in town.	We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
The Rev. Mr. Findley, of Aylwin, % tÆÆÆîA preached at both services at St. | n I for circular.^^^^_^^
on
Mr. Arthur Armstrong, of Botha,
Alberta, is renewing old acquaintances at Radford and Murrells.
lias proved itself to be Canada’s Best Dullness, Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest place» in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ings Advocate.
W. E. Gowli.no, H. G. W, Braitfiwait President
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Principal
Mr. and Mrs. \V. A. Hedging and family are spending the week at their cottage, Green Lake.
Miss Cluff, of Cascades, Que., ha-been visiting Mrs. C A. L. Tucker
durinK the pa«t. week.	The pres,nt week, ,ike that pre-
Miss hvelyn Shan, who had been CP(hng it, hegau with scorching, visiting Miss Jean Leg go, at Tort but weather, the mercury on Mon-Coulonge, returned on Saturday. day remaining at 90 during most Miss Sybil Wyatt, Ottawa, re- of the day, although a stiff breeze turned home Monday after spend- was blowing. It was a great bay ing her holiday* at the home of day, but rather trying on those Mr. A. W. Chamberlin.	engaged at it.
NEW HOME
Summer Sale
Coat Lost.—On Sunday, July 22nd, a man's black suit coat, somewhere in I the vicinity of Radford. Finder will s oblige by leaving at this office.
1861 Sparks Street
Opposite “ The Citizen Building and Bryson Graham's Eastern entrance
WILLIS BUSINESS COLLEGE
Scarcity of Merchandise and advancing prices make it impossible for us to have a regular Summer Sale, but we will make
has moved to new and
LARGER PREMISES
in Commercial Chambers with entrance at 1304 Sparks Street. Everybody in enthusiastic and we have
A Lawn Box Social will be held on now the finest school quarter*
IN CANADA. A FIT HOME FOR CANADA'S PREMIER SHORTHAND AND COMMERCIAL SCHOOL,
Write for prospectus A |N. I. HARRISON Principal.
Mr. And Mrs. A. Dover, Accompanied by Mrs. Cohen of Montreal,
and Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Cowan, I No. 8 School Grounds on Friday even* visited Egan ville friend* on Sun-1 fog, August 3rd, by the Murrell H. M.
Ladies bringing boxes admitted Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Hudgins and I free. Supper will be served to those Dr. and Mrs. O'Hara went to Otta- not bringing boxes at 25 cents each, wa last Wednesday to attend the good program is being arranged. All marriage of Miss Ada Boyd and are cordially invited.
Dr. Harry Spark*.	J
Miss Hattie Boyd and Miss Inda Peters, of Danville, Que., who had	Births
been guests of Mr. and G. H. Hodge	---
for two weeks, left for home on At Char ter i*, Que., on Thursday. I FOR SALE—Purebred Berkshire Hog Saturday morning.	July 12th, 1917, to Rev. Mr. and one month old, at reasonable price
Mr. and Mrs. A. Barnes and son | Mrs. Reid, a son.	I APP*I to Sam Horner, Caldwell, Que.
Thomas, of Ottawa, are visiting her mother and sister at Radford, and also friends at Campbell*
Bay.
day
Club
Making due allowance for rather abnormal conditions of temi>erature last Thursday afternoon, St. Paul's Church guild, most of whom are also members of Shawville H. M. Club, with other members of that organization, spent a very pleasant time at Green Lake, where they went on the invitation of Mrs. G. A. Howard to hold their usual meetings. The ladies were well entertained at Mrs. Howard's summer cottage, which commands a charming view of the lake.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 7th
FOR SALK—One second hand 6 ft. cut Massey Harris Binder. A good bargain. Apply to Austin Mc Dowell, Shaw ville.
A Special day of Bargains :
FOR SALE—1 driving honte rising 6 ?ears, will weigh about 1000 lbs ; 1 Mingle buegy, 1 cutter and set of harness, all new and will be sold reasonable. Apply to Mrs. W. Burton, (Austin) R R No. 2.
Marriages
5c. yd.
500 yds. Print 200 yds. Cashmeres
The children and teachers of St.
Paul's 9. School, held their annual pic-nic at Green Lake on Wednesday last, and although the weather was desperately hot, the youngsters at least, put in a fairly enjoyable day, under the welcome shade
of the trees, and in bathing, play- Mr. Willie Carson,
ing games, etc. Even the elders managing a hardware store at |and Mrs. Boyd indulged in some of the latter, one Lindsay, Ont., arrived here last
ladies' race, it is stated, coming week to spend a week's vacation i	Huohbs—Charslky	-
dangerously near exceeding the with his parents, Mr. and Mrs.	'	,7.	*	, nONCRETECULVERTS
speed limit. Car-owners in town John Carson.	A very pretty wedding took C curbing* for wells Mold at Works
kindly provided transportation up rtmi Mrq r>nrL:p /nee	place at the home or Mr. and Mrs. Contract» made with Municipalities to
jssar ",,d rrom pk-lc	irarasM
osm'iasrshfcs- «	a :s. ‘iiSFiiCKSE *»	„„. 1...
Toronto, mid A. B. Brodie, of l|re. L. M. Haine., of Mayfield, The bride!' who wa\ given away picture, you would like framed. Call Montreal, have been a pointed by N y who ha„	visiting her by her father, looked charming in «nd «ee «ample*. Picture framing a
the goveiument to make the fur- Natives here for the past four or L beautiful «row» of white silk "peculty. H. Iniso*. the! mveht^Htion (>f oi^ration*	five weeks, left for home on Fri- with wedding veil and wreath of
SSœaaJMM «2 65	T ..... 25L;
SsSSj:mfs	...Jê&g-fâ&M
regulation* and commissioners on the staff of the Library of L,terw' hall, where the many] Mrs. Gough, of Montreal, mother under the Enquiries Act.	Parliament for the past six years, frifllda of the young couple gather- of Mrs. (Rev.) F. Tripp, who had
¦mm-à 1MM 1SÉIÉ
which however, was fa voted with Mr. W. F. Drum, of the Mer- watch fob. The bride received a her. Attending phv*»< ian* ag. eed a limited attendance, only, owing chants Bank, attended a sort of large number of beautiful gift* that hemori hage of the brain was to a patriotic lawn social being assembly erf the manager* of the i which spoke in a small way of her the malady which caused the aged held in the neighborhood, which a several branches of the Bank in I popularity. Mr. and Mrs. Hughes lady * sudden demise, number had laid out to attend be Eastern Ontario and Quebec, st ' left Thursday evening on a honey- The remain*. accompanied by
•r	= fiyasœ vhiJS zr
a thorough knowledge or the staff member* a good time, sight- The Express joins with their many rsai on Monday morning, moving pi< lure business, not only »eeing in the Canadian metropolis friends In wishing the young Much sympathy is felt for Mrs, #he presentation of the view s, during the day and honored them couple every happiness.—Tb# Ex- Tripp in the unexpected affliction in their manufacture as well. 1 with a banquet at night.	press, Coppercliffe, Out.	which
Sparks-Boyd
Mr. and Mrs. H. Ttniaon and
family motored to P« ken ham in | At St. JlunPttl Church, Hull, on
company with Mr. H. Shade! on ju|y 25,1917, by Rev. Canon Smith, I WANTED—At once, a good strong hov Sunday, to ses Mrs. I mi son 8 sister, Qr Harry Dixon Sparks, fourth to assist with farm work. Apply to w. who is seriously ill. Mrs. Imison L,,,, of Mr. and Mrs. A. Sparks, to H. Cobb.uan, Sh.w.llle. remained in Pakenham.	Ada Eva Boyd, only daughter of
who in the late Rev. Dr. Charles Boyd
C<
15
(Limit 10 yards.)
WANTED—A good house maid for a family of four—no children. Will pay good wages. E. D. Osborn k. Am prior.
Men’s Com. Underwear 75 Suit Men’s Ties
Straw Hats half price
Large Table of Remnants
50 Assorted Safety Pins 10c.
5 Boys’ Suits, 3 piece, old style,
size 31 at $2.50 each
each
18
PIPES AND
Deaths
i
Sudden Death
Would advise customers to secure their requirements of Staple Cottons, Flannelettes, Tickings, Shirtings, Galateas, etc., SOON AND VERY SOON. Present prices may seem high but the wise ones will BUY NOW.
W.A. HODGINS
ha# come upon her
but



###PAGE###2###

gfàs
Home Bank Enjoys
Steady Progress
80 cents per lb. for beef Is sot high when compared to BO cents per lb, lire weight paid for the Champion of
the Toronto Fat Stock Show.
Start feeding that steer now and get some of the big money at the
Eighth Annual
TORONTO


Make All Your > Preserves with
eaoier__________________
C OMISE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
Lesson IV.—Cellulose.
Has Added $6,000,000 to Its Assets In
Past Fiscal Year—Thrift Campaign Resulted In Gain of Over $2,000,000 In Deposits—Large Increase In Earnings. Earned 11.14% on Capital Against 7% Last Year.
k

La ntic
Sugar
i
A
FAT STOCK SHOW
Union Stock Yards
TORONTO
DEC, 7th & 8th, 1917


The human body is the most won-, to perform their functions properly, it
Ver.u l),vvv machinery in existence. Is necessary to cat foods which have It has the power to grow and to con- i bulk**** ¦ I | sume its own tissue
In its annual statement for the fiscal year to May 81st,\1917, the Home
¦ P I I B	¦ - , Of these foods the most useful are Bank ahowe that rapid progress has
spects it may be likened to a steam vegetables, which not only contain been made during the past twelve-engine, because it must have fuel and mineral salts but also contain cellu- month period.
Uibncation. And like the engine lose, a substance that is incombustible. The Home Bank ha" for Bome time
which eaves a quantity of waste mat- By this we moan that cellulose is not Pftat been "trengthening its organize-	Secretary will mall prize list	on
tvr called ashes, so the body produces digested, la not converted into blood: tion and the henefita it has derived	queflt
waste products which must be elimin- but it is valuable because it assists thl therefrom are shown in the growth
1 intestines to discharge the waste pro- and expansion of the general business upon the monarch and the surprise of1 J he process of digestion starts in ducts.	of the bank, a healthy growth in
his attack,	easily	overcome	the	king	the mouth, is continued in the stomach, I Persons whose work does not deposits and an ability to carry out its
When	the	soldiers	returned	they	me.n ®r .the food» d»*card the residue assist, and one of the best remedies is nect,ona. the bank will be able to play	"After the	Wytschaete	Ridge	had
found the man they presumed to be a,u eliminate all the waste from the	a tablespoonful of sterilized bran eat-1 *	more prominent part in	the	been taken my servant told me	that
Kelly alone in the room. His great- body. In order to assist these organs	en with each meal.	financing of Canada’s industrial	re-	when going across in the evening	he
coat was buttoned tightly around him,	--------- quirements in the post-war period. had found a blackbird sitting on its
with his hands behind him and his feet tlon,t(> thc dlvt sPlced blackberries	of glass and leave for two	days, then	r<nchmK a total of oyer $-.*>00,-	got my sergeant to take me to	the
hobbled.	art‘ frequently used for intestinal dis-	seal in the usual manner.	This jelly	compared with $10,133,736.	At	piace# and, sure enough, there was	the
Their haste to remove their prisoner orders.	will be firm and cut like cheese	the 8?me tlme there has als0 bcen 8 nest with five warm eggs in it. It
on the king’s orders gave Kelly addi- Vo dry the berries do not wash Pickled Blackberries.—Make a spice ,arg! gain ,n dePos,ts bY andfwus in the side of a communication
exp”àîninghC lKtettlX<1’ "hl'e	air or put the drier in a currents air cW.wlotÎT”™ !ut fourP quart! Witih the larger businesa which the	Continued Thrift
"There is a sleigh waiting just at	»n electric fan.	of blackberries in the preserving ket- >nnk has handled, there has been a Canadians should not consider that
the corner. The driver is instructed tanned Blackberries.—Fill the jars tie. If the berries are soft or over gl!nt!;ymg lnprease m the net profits 1917 will be the only year that rigid to take you to the border. Have no, with sound berries, shaking down well ripe it will not matter Add four cun ,	" amounted to $217,059.57, equiva- economies must be practised. There '
§mm
most bewitching wniles to play like turns out as you say it will.”	directed. Place the rubber and lid in place the rubber and lid in position 1 ,	’ 1 nlnotlc »nd other funds months while Europe is being regen-
s zr-votjussl arw —
|pS>!3SESS^!=SSa	wlLi:
girl extending her own dainty hand to handed him a card that the driver of ,,, ??	,	^	vinegar. Place in a preserving ket- like eoun
tneet the detectives advance, instead the sleigh had directed should be given 1,lack,,ry Jam.—Three-quarters of tie and boll for twenty minutes, then of taking it, he slipped one of a pair to him. fie took the card and rear it, f P®und of sugar, eighteen ounces of strain. Fill into sterilized jars or hot-°f handcuffs over her wrist ami said: as his machine moved rapidly away, berries. Place the berries in a pre- ties. Put into hot-water bath and
said Pat, defiantly, "it will do you no had served as a disguise	1	. mu®t he ttikcn to Prevent scorch- very good with cold ham, pork or
good to take me now. The People’s Then Kelly saw a girl he knew to be l"K .by PIac,n£ an asbestos mat under poultry. Six quarts of blackberries,
League has the money and my work in Patricia enter another automobile and the k(,ttle. Pour into jars, crocks or one pint of water. Cook the berries
SS?™* - "" Stl‘^ r1. . .	i ssfï stz&xffss ssffjs.'s.'ssuia
The king, who had been a spectator When Kelly arrived in Paris he	r C°°1, dry pIaCe’ pr°’ f°und of brown 8Ugar’ onc tablespoon-
to the proceedings, motioned to Kelly, found waiting for him a message from ... g,, * ^ 8 1 rom niice.	ful of cinnamon, one tablespoonful of
directing him to go, with his prisoner, the police commandant. The Sphinx u ach ,rry Jelly.-—Three pounds of mustard, one tablespoonful of ginger, into	an adjoining	room.	When	the	hastened to headquarters and was soon	blackberries, one pint of water, juice one tablespoonful of	nutmeg, two
king	was	alone	Duke	Hestor	entered	consulting with the chief.	of Me lemon. Put the ingredients tablespoonfuls of salt	one-half table-'
would be best.	bo ^or ttn mmu^es- Add an equal dip the top of the bottle	in melted seal-
“Your operations since this ‘Purple	measure sugar. Stir until the su- ing wax.
Mask’ girl has made herself so promt-;	- — ¦	'--—s=ggsj-=
of a dozen or more, representing theTqent lead us to believe that you are SPEED UP FREIGHT MOVEMENT
People's League, acclaimed him as permitting her tv do just about as she	_
their benefactor in speeches express- wants to when you are assigned to ing their gratitude.	cases in which she is concerned.
Shouts of the populace, surround- “France will be better off if both of ing the palace, added to the noisy gree- you should leave the country.”
inigtth!l Wv® beingff!Sv,ailily eXt/î-‘ As the time approached for Kelly to	States a,r® makl,,lg ***** One of the queerest fishes in the
mWM mm
MmlHPI
while he returned to the presence of France than remain and be open to parlor cars, restaurant cars and ob- obta,n*<le————| the king.	final exposure.	servatlon cars are being discontinued. , I I .
I ht st handcuff* are hurting my evil purposes. Thus it came that Pat lbe carload and to impress on mer-	before long, by hatching them
*T'«^rn,i,y0ïuUn]0?]î tbe71, bke,	a	and her	aunt	were booked for	passage	chants	the Importance of çapid un-	Jarsf tbo paddlefish will be	render-
go<K; lel,ow:	lhe Firl spoke in her	on the	same	steamship that	took	loading	so that tho freight equipment	**	va8t,y more numerous than	at pre-
gHHv-éZS,™ - BeSSsEs
It did not require much urging from	^__ that speed In freight movement is one ffeon e££s I°r caviar.
Pat to make the man forget his in-	of the greatest aids they can give to	*	"
“I’ll take them off.	if	Hflli/	Tf)	PPFVFNT	help win the war and according to all	When a child walks with
HVif	IV	11NLVL11I	reports	are achieving remarkable re-
ACID STOMACHS AND	„„ „„
FOOD FERMENTATION 1>a,r,0"c r—¦
PRESERVING LABELS FREE
Pure Cane. Fine Granulation. Order by name from
your grocer.
10,20 & 100-lb. sacks—2 & 54b. cartons
• beg or carton to
In some re
Atlantic Sugar
Refineries Limited ^ MONTREAL
re-
137
uni
BIRD'S NEST IN TRENCH.
&?Q
British Discovered Nestful of Warm Eggs on Firing Line.
PUDDLE
MASK
6i> Cîraœ Guvcxr d
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.

SEVENTH EPISODE The Elusive Pearls.
for
?
Grown experimentally but a few years ago, American cotton has become an established crop in India, as grows a larger yield than native varieties.
ous year
HELP WIN THE WAR
It is the duty of every subject of the Allies to help win the WAR, and they can best do it by preventing WASTE and storing up for the COMING WINTER all food products, especially those perishable foods such fruits and vegetables.
This can be accomplished easily by using one of the NATIONAL CANNING OUTFITS. With the aid of one of these all kinds of fruits, corn, peas, tomatoes and beans can be cooked, which will keep indefinitely when properly prepared.
Our No. 1 JUNIOR NATIONAL for family use has a capacity of from 200 to 400 cans daily or glass jars of proportionate amount. These outfits can be put right on a cook stove. Price $25.00, f.o b. Hamilton.
We have larger sizes for hotel use, and still larger sizes for commercial use.
as

"Let them enter,” said the king. And then, while the king accepted their homage, peasants to the number
THE ••SPOONBILL CATFISH.”
In order to facilitate train move-	„	I
meats and release passenger train A b 1 hat Lay* 1 reel ou s hgga is
crews for other work, the railways of	Found in the Mississippi.
We have also Evaporators of various sizes for evaporating every kind of fruit, apples, peaches, pears, berries, potatoes, etc.
Write for full particulars, giving size required, to
The Brown, Boggs Co., Limited, Hamilton, Ont.
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
/
Recently, however, it has been dis
ShoeDressing
For Mens. Womens. ®
r u o
you promise not to try to escape,” i he finally said, as he suited the action to the words.
Barely had the near-detective removed the handcuffs from Pat’s wrists when Duke Hestor entered the room with a few men from the People’s
¦ ,rasa.r5r
and before Kelly s assistant realized stomach trouble». I have been forced to
suafitti ss aras sffiZ-èSSgÈS
just been sitting. He was alone in and normal. The real trouble, that the room.	which cause* all the pain and difficulty,
Kelly, meanwhile, wee before the £ king expressing himself in no uncer- Acid irritât»* the delicate lining of the
by the^urn'ïevln'u:|
If I had known when you sent for ing. Thus both acid and fermentation 1 would never have taken the commis- most past endurance by these foreign
w/.tw» K'fct. '• BUt Wh,n 1
loo.la*e-	.,	I cent of mil stomach dlfflcultlsa—the first
You forget that you are addressing and only step necessary is to neutralise
hSMSweBti-nS EaferSH SKSFM
two teaspoonfuls of bl*urated magnesia which Is doubtless the best and onl% real! live
a grown
person have it take hold of the dress It Is up to Canadians to see i instead of the hand, so that its arm
will not be held too high.
andChildren'sShoes
Liquid 10c
Cake 10c
f r.DAllEVCO Of CANADA LTD W4MIIT0*,CAN

THE VIOLET
By a Stomach Specialist
/
Down in a green and shady bed A modest violet grew;
Its stalk was bent, it hung its head, As if to hide from view.
And yet it was a lovely flower,
Its colors bright and fair;
It might have graced a rosy bower, Instead of hiding there.
Yet there it was content to bloom, In modest tints arrayed ;
And there diffused a sweet perfume, Within the silent shade.
D
A
Let Redpath Sweeten it.**
Canada Sugar Refining Co, Limited, Montreal
Then let me to the valley go, This pretty flower to see; That I may also learn to grow In sweet humility.


“Call the full guard.’* commanded the king, and have this person imprisoned." When the man left to fulfill
• Kelly was alone In the
y effective an tar Id and food • known The M i l will be neutralised
t Inwill at once n a healthy, to ask your


—Jane Taylor
and the fermentation atopped al
¦ tenth. and
Hi
with the king.
The Sphinx did some quick thinking and let his actions keep pace with his rapidly formed plam|BHi|H|
tl
Linen will have a more beautiful inching texture if it is ironed on the wrong
or the tilnurated nd other forms u ullarly valuable
druggist f I ha ve f ou In It*
r '¦ *

12
*
j side
###PAGE###3###
clean aa though made with a knife.
The bomb dropped from the German	1	H
airplane went through two floors. Has Proved a Success and Mean# killing and wounding several children on each floor, but it was on the ground floor that it exploded and worked it a
effect in Great Britain, France, Germany, Austria, Italy, Holland, Den-
and
DAYLIGHT SAVING IN EUROPE
FLYER TELLS HOW HE SHELLED ESSEN
THE NEW PERIL
FROM THE AIR
Saving in Many Ways
Daylight saving has been a success in Europe. Twelve countries are
AIR TRIP TO GERMANY TOOK
SEVEN HOURS.
IT IS A VERY REAL THING IN
ENGLAND NOW.
at work here, and virtually
seven were none escaped.
ïHüi “	¦ " pssss	t
::::: <	' g## ssss aasem
"E:r::zrz i	1 %fh™eh
m
Mssmsas^m
feel a little safer. c	^ ... were the teachers coolly standing in that an economy was being effected in ral
the deep blue sky a ltd watch the lit- front of their classes, while the coal or ga3 light of 18,000 tons i
tie stars come out, one by one	youngsters sang lustily. One bomb month, or more than 200,000 for th,
How pretty and innocen t ey • fen wjth a deafening crash close by, g^tire year. The savings for elec
But—is that a star .	and there were signs of panic among tricity, placed at 100,000 tons, thus “We flew a third of the way across
“I say, you people there, is that a the smal]er children, when the head- ive a total saving of $6,000,000 for France in order to reach a favorable star, or a Zepp?” The question comes master> puHhing me into the class- gas and electricity.	starting	point,” Gallois said. “We
nervously.	room, said: “We’re all right, children. it is calculated that in Vienna alone started at 9.15 Friday evening, and
Bang! Bang! Bang. It s a Zeppelin, ^ here's a soldier! Who’s afraid?’’ thc peopie consumed 158,000,000 cubic crossed the German lines at an alti-after all!	Then he shouted, “Are we downheart- feet 0f gas less and saved $142,000. tude of 600 feet, under heavy bom-
Progress? What next.	ed?" The reply came immediately, in The city of Vienna required 14,000,000 hardment. I first sighted Metz, then
More progress, I suppose. And that a Sundering ’No’!”	cubic feet of gas less for street light- Thionvillc. At the latter place an
means still less peace.	I	 ^_ jng	aeroplane	going	in	my direction pass-
SM t„,nCS ™*T count * u»
little, safe little island -as the old	“"	Destroy	a decrease during May and June, 1910, Treves. Owing to the fog I lost my
song says. Even in broad daylight, Impossibility for War to Destroy ^ 508500 cubic metre3t notwithstand- way shortly afterward and steered
when the summer sun beams cheer-	Life's Real Possession.	ing the fact that 18,000 new gas me- by compass until I approached a city
-,	., o„.. eShhH	e§eSSS3 ###?# ehshS
Tricks.	'uit and his weight will shut it. Then “The people of Canada cannot com- fact emphasized by Dr. C. W. Saleeby Fgas as compared with 1915.	just finished bombarding.
mm mmi mmm mmz
¦HWHMHie
=iEE£P ~ -- - - - EèiHETE
children in an infants’ school.
In the roof of the school there is a hole about two feet across, as
To Reduce Upkeep Bill.
A car which lasts with ordinary care one or two years if given intelligent :are by thf owner might/ be mnde to last three to five years. This means taking extraordinary care and
a thorough knowledge of the working parts and how to keep them in condition, and it mean doing faithfully and persistently the things necessary to keep everything in order.
France’s Latest Aerial Hero Describes His Daring Raid on the Krupp Works.
0
Take tires, for instance. The cost due to neglect is often greater than the cost ox actual wear Some of the things which cause excessive wear and deterioration of tires are: Driving into holes in th* street or in deep ruts; turning corners at too high speed; . topping the car so quick y with the brake that the wheels slide on the pavement, and a harsh clutch which jerks the car suddenly frcm a standst 11, causing needless wear.
*
a
justment.	e	.
It is not well to adjust the car-
htoetol- unless lure	fault. Ex-
Then there are such things as let- ceg8ive carbon in the cylinder causes
ting the front wheels get out of align- a decided 1°88 °* Power» ^ue ba.c^ ment so that they do not run parallel, preS8Ure 0n thc piston, and the partial or nearly so, the action being that the Egging of the muffler indirectly con-tire is slid instead of being rolled over 8Utne8 extra gasoline. The importance the road. There should be a slight of keeping the muffler free is not usu-toe-in for mechanical reasons, but if ally understood.
this is allowed to go beyond the proper fp0 ^sure each cylinder getting its limit it costs money.	proper power without waste, the en-
Adjusters tell us that a very large gine Bhould be driven with the spark percentage of tire failures is caused jever advanced as far as possible by underinflation, which allows the without causing back pressure. The tires to flatten and breaks the side 8park plug gaps should be adjusted
Every tire should be tested properly to insure a thorough ignition
of the charge; the spark plugs should be kept clean to prevent the loss of a charge of gas through nonignition, likewise the interrupter points and the distributer should be kept clean and properly adjusted.	J
To use all the gas that is taken into the cylinder there should be no loss of compression through leaky valves or weak valve springs, or poor gaskets on spark plugs or valve caps, and it is equally important that pet-cocks, cylinder head, where there is one, and piston rings are tight, so that gas will
not be wasted.	____
the
<1
a
Crossing the German Lines.
The four aviators started Friday
walls
with a gauge and not with the eye or hand, and kept to the pressure named by the ti remaker.
To get the greatest life out of a tire it should be watched continually for small cuts through the rubber to the fabric. Most tires will be found after a short service to have from two to a dozen such cuts sand to work in and loosen the rubber and then moisture gets in and rota the fabric. There are preparations with which these cuts may be healed in a few minutes; serious cuts, especially where the rubber is loosened from
<
These will allow
TEACHING A DOG
use
shake it. Then give him his titbit. Now hold out your hand again to him. If he does not put his paw in i**ently touch it and hold out your hand again till he does it. Then reward him at once. Don’t forget in all cases to say the word of command whenever yo want hlfclHo do anything.	/
To teaçk a dog to dance is not so difficult as you might suppose, but you should only try it with a dog that has learned some of the simpler tricks. The whole secret consists in getting him to keep on his hind legs. Hold a titbit so high that the dog will have to stand on his hind legs to get it. Do not let him have it till he remains on his hind legs for a second or two, and gradually increase the time. Next move along a step or two before you let him have it, so that he is compelled to hop a few He will soon learn to do this,


many a time.
The best thing to do under such circumstances is not to grope about trying to orient yourself, but to call out. Somebody will come with a light, and then you can go to bed again, feeling sheepish, but safe
and you can gradually increase the distance till he is able to hop across the room. Be very careful that you do not attempt too much at first.
It appear* rather wonderful to see a dog shut the door at a word of comma rid, but it is quite a simple trick. It works best with a rather large dog. Go to a door that swinge easily and set It about six inches open. Then

the world’s supply of cloves, an aver-crop approximating 16,000,000
believe in them for the fleets and armies of the other side.
If your pride doesn't keep you honest it’s poor stuff.
age
New potatoes are more delicious baked than old ones.
pounds
Ltfa SEE
NOW---
J— I - M-
R-l-C-
K- E -X -
VOM Pern- Vou
A JAPANESE -, FLIVVER.? ,
JinuuùP, J
No-Noore
Se-TTlNu IT
VlRoM<*

no, \ mean Jim rickshaw,
ONE OV "THOSE MAM PUU-EP CARTS THCV USE IN JAPAN IT HAS TWo DR* WHEELS ) ON IT- I--------------
'(OU MEAN
"TbM, How 9o Nov
5PCI.L JINRICKSHAN? I [OIN-RKKEI
-------------------' \ poNr Nov?

\
a

¥
?
i
t
II
II
u

II

<
X


###PAGE###4###
%
T
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
SHAWMIE !
Mrs. Burton, No. 11, extra cleaning after | ter, Misa Emily, are guests of Mrs. H painters, $1.00 ; Miss H. E. Scott, school I Cahill.
reports and sj>eciuien juper, $.20 ; Miss w_. H I __________ ...______ ___________
iWis Judd, sweeping before caretaker jr., were guests of Miss Janet Carswell was appointed, $2.00 ; R. J. Burgess, on Tuesday last.
stain, dressing desks, work, etc., $s.43 ; | Mi» Mabel Letts visited Mrs. l\in Miss Florence Morrison, broom titk Carried.
Motion Conu s Laughren and Tracy ! Pembroke are visiting I bm raven friends.
THE EQUITY.
N < >TICE
Mi vs Bessie Lett and Mr. .las. Ostrorn
9
Notice is hereby given to the Subscribers of the Pontiac KvkaL I euphonic Company, Limited : Whereas nil telephone rentals are payable aemi-annually Mi>s Maliel Letts visited Mrs. l>.in I in advance -January and July ; and whereas mine subscribers are now and ha\c Stewart of Litchfield during the week. I been in arrears, it has been enacted by a Resolution of the I brer tors that, liegin-Misses Mary and Elsie Ostrom of | ning with August 1st, 1917, there will l*e a )>eiialt) charged on all rentals not |Mid
_____
Tliat the teacher of No. 7 school 1*1 Mrs. Ed. Voghlin and children have * the first delay of one calendar month or fraction thereof the penalty to be ^ I	. T , v #	.
f>ermitted to open scboool on 22nd Aug. returned home after visiting her imrenta, cents for each half year’s rental past due, and after the first month the jienalty to I .. ni0<|lt‘||0, 4,,nue* H u * yo rtc 1 instead of 15th on account of attending Mr. ami Mrs. Thos. Creighton, of Van lie 25 cents for each such successive delay of one Chh’iuUi month or traction I |)WARD j)Air	Hodoins
(.'ourse given at Macdonald College.— I	I thereof
( anied.
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 2, 1917.
n
0. Y. B. LODGE, No. 804, meet» 2n<4 Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. M. Hodoinsv
live. Secy.
G. G. McDowell, W. M.
that Mr. L. J
" Lv Va i mi la
sa»
when dut»
(îa ut hier, M. 1\ did only his duty in
f Commons, adding that no leaf as lie who will not hear.
ivil war, hut That mak
t he House o
one is <
Ho was not threatening t simply uttering a warning, the matter worst
W, M
Secy.
(îiven at Shaw ville this 1 (It h day of July, 1917
1 tv wave, iH»ys Î conscription is here, t’oinrs Tracy and Harris land some of our girls seem to realize the That wo advertise for caretakers for the fact hy taking the “ reins in their own dith rent seh<x>ls of our township ; also hands.
f«»r tenders for building wmvLlied at Mi" Hanna Pitt was the guest of
•x"	18>i «?l*irin« N" 11	M" ?•J- Wtt onThn^lay evening. , Auguet 4. m«. uanada at tnai
fence and putting on two gates. I civ Driver Earl Lang and Inonda of lme had a nominai standing army. I del'dull l>e received up to >ix oclock, (Jrmiiiount paid a living visit to Mr.	was shipped to Bermuda. Oo
July 2<lh, 1917. t arried,	John M«>ore‘>oii Monday last.	| jr about October 14 there left from
Oat lu of of lice signed by	chairman	Mr. Jos. (iilpin visite*! the Island the	& port In Canada the first division ol
enee of W.	J.J latter part of last week and left some	33,000 men. By December the
|nu»re of our fanners with the convenient	Princess Vats' went into action. In
telephone. Hu e Eves.	February of 1915 practically all ol
he first Canadian contingent were n the trenches and more battalions Acre on the way overseas >utbreak of the war Canada was ai itterly unprepared as any part of the British Empire. The railroads were lot prepared to carry troops for mo-vovery.	Mlization and there was no military
......... wi,h sscs»» —
Miss it. Letts and Miss Janet Cars-	Pershing's punitive expedition —	50	great and	Hjelr	powers	of	dtHruc-
well were S.m.lax guv>N of Mi>s O.	which, by the way. Is almost the en-	tlou	so great	that	anything except	a
lire mobile army of the United battleship was practically helpless be-states—was raised, equipped, train-j fore them." id and transported to the front. The
h»
transportation of troops and suffi- |	Our Poor Record.
Ment shipping to carry the division Thc average yield of potatoes In the
overseas had been commandeered. United States is 113.4 bushels to the Red tape was slashed and the obstructionists were silenced.”
Mr. McGeehan thinks that the soul of Canada shines most serenely
it the University Guild at Ottawa, ¦	, ,, , ,	.	.	.
where men who have been so injured t is 44. Tbe yield of barley Is 29.7. In it the war that they are unable to Germany each acre produces thlrty-elx -eturn to their former occupations bushels.
ire being prepared for other work. But German fields did not always
Many of these returned soldiers rieid 8UCh bountiful crops. Thirty-five
have been gassed, and to look at
:hem in the throes of an attack was
aeart-nendlng. One man who had
aeon twice wounded told him that he
would like to go back again "to have
mother crack at the Huns," and
when one almost hopeless case, a vie-
:1m of gas. muttered. "I hear those successful agriculture. Yet by n care-shells again." his companion replied, "ul study of the subject of fertilization 'Oh, buck up!" and that, says the t lias been possible to increase their writer, is the spirit of Canada. The productivity by GG per cent, work at Ottawa is In charge of Lieut.
F. B. McCallum, formerly lecturer )n philosophy at McGill. He went to he front, but was sent hack to take -ontrol of the very important work
which is destined to make over again ty has within the past hundred years tevcral hundred wrecks from the tir- ’ound n way of carrying a theater In ng line.	ts pocket, and so long as humanity re-
The writer concludes:	nains what it is it will delight In tak-
"I mention this side to show how ng out lta pocket stage and watching horoughly Canada has gone Into the be nntlcs of tho actors, who are so
>ver. Canada has blundered with l nox el.' It is, or ought to be, a pockêt he rest of the Empire, but Canada dago. Scenery, light, shade, the actors ias come through gloriously stead- hemselves, are made of words and ast with the Empire. We who are lothlug but words, more or less clov-livlded by an Invisible border-line >rly put together.—F. Marion Craw* ihould find inspiration In the for^ achievements of Canada and learn ’rom her mistakes.
When did Canada first realize what the war meant?’ I asked one iffleer who had been over and who was ‘used up.’
When the casualty lists came in
ind when the wounded came home/ ibout equally beneficial and injurious ie replied. Perhaps, then, our delays ind that they are not so wary and sa-due to the fact that we will not ;aclous as not to need legal protection, •eallze what faces us until we begin Lack of this, while not endangering o make over the men who have been species, will permit farmers to pro-
îsed up. And if we give with the :ect their crops or other property when-
îeroic generosity of Canada, if the
tourage of the American is equal to
he courage of the Canadian, we shall
lave more than 1,000,000 men used
ip unless Prusslanism is weaker
ban It seems.”
R. W. HOIKJINS
tvs
BOYAL SCAIU.KT CHAINER meets on i lie i Hh uf each mouth
II. N. Hoduins,
W. Comp, in Com
A threat from him
hKVKETAKX
Rko. lIonoiN», Com. Scribe.
would 1* individual, hut a warning ild indicate that he has knowledge
large number of hi*
wo
«puis, ana n certain Foreign attache in Loudon paid not less than £14,000, or *70,000, to officials of the companies to id to look at their books and assure himself that the guns were being built for Turkey. Of course they pestered Turkey to find out what she wanted with twenty-four twelve Inch guns, but n the meantime the vessels were completed and the guns mounted before foreign 'nations knew that a radically lew type of vessel was lu existence.
"The British wanted to get that type Mit because In any conflict with another navy that did not have similar vessels the British would have a great
uf designs among a fellow citizen* <>t belli
Shingles for Sale.
V"
c to rise in it
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
H. T. ARGUE,
Shaw ville, ÿue.
i
p. m
mtmsMfliKTM in pi
I hi
Finding Favor Everywhere
l ilt tc are ( on inti Governm
Fades, J. l\
Motion—Com'vs Harris and Tracy—
be paid hi» bill for •1.00.
11

riiat Mr. Kadi d>ove 5 declaration*
re are Lib-t hem selves lit ions, revolutionary, hut f little consequence if this i* flic only or most important change it will make
there are thousands who were partisan gh before the war, but have changed their view» as to men and politi
f parties will not disturb them Indeed it will W generally regarded
t the few g«hhI things brought

lit
Miss Ola Stitt, of Mans
I he Hoard "ill i t at 6, p. in., July | field, is spending her tmmmei holiday a
with her uncle, Mr. Ja*. Ostmm.
Mrs. Koliert Murray, who has lievn As»t. See. Tien». I ill for some time, i» on the way to re-
July
FOR SALE
They hate to tv a\\ av from old names ami
The » liai:_
the war i> o
At the
VI
1
2Sth. 11)17
30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
11. W. HUDGINS,
Shaw ville.
M. A. MvKIXLFA
vins s
All ovt r Canada, however.
Hie Editor Tiik lap itv Shaw ville, Cjue.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME 0 MEETING:
I)ear Sii
In the issue of July loth, it i» stated | Darrell.—J) that nkauly all the pupils in Grade Xl (School Leaving) pass'd. So far as 1
I In" thi» misunderstanding arose 1	~
cannot imagine, unless it was through	>*
the tact th.it one pupil tnnk a >Uppli	w '	' ;:<.x
mental examination. His name however was not on our li»t 1 nH*au»e lie sent in hi» own application and merely sit the examination in Shawville Academy Even though lie had passed hi» name uld imt have appeared in the li»t in the Montreal papers.
It i» not for my sake hut for the sake of Shawville Academy that 1 vail your •attention to the alx>vc. The word “ nearly, 1 think was very vague.
You say Shawville ranks favorably with the other academies of the l*ro-\ invv, Yes no country academy (except Huntingdon) had a candidate within
«•t «vu leader, who not
Xrts
enou
X
l\8
1
ll>
First Tuesday,
Austin
Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
Shawville • First Saturday, Yarn • Last Monday,
of each month.
IS
OIK
11
If re|H»rts from Ottawa
about by war he correct, this view i> held l\v leading
icre. In Germany it Is 183 bushel* The average yield of wheat hero is 15.9 jushels. In Germany it is 32. The ,-ield of oats hero is 37.4. In Germany
of thv House*
n	»idv>
politicians Mem 6 of the Borden Government
Xv
impressed with thv desirability of union that they are Mipj»orting it strongly, although it means the loss of their i tort folios.
an
xt »
- First Friday,
| «&K
waîv* ;
I
\
WO

t

rears ago Germany raised only 119 jushels of potatoes, nineteen bushels )( wheat, twenty-five bushels of oats ind twenty-three bushels of barley to ho acre. Tho German soli Is poor, fho German climate is unfavorable U
Purposeful Partisanship
:'*k
\

The fierce partisanship displayed by the Hon. Frank Oliver during the pa»-.v;u:o of the Military Service Hill through the committee stage was not purposeless. He strove vainly to arouse a similar spirit among the Conservatives, his ob-jeet being to thus revive it among the Liberals who support the Hill and arc favorable to a coalition.
g« m kI to hi in.-elf in a union <»t uni hi» sight is accurate. Therefore, he strove hard to keep up a barrage that would prevent a junction of the forces that stand for a vigorous
t the war. It was cleai to hat he made no headway w I . i d « onscript ionist » lently an inspired threat was givt currency in a Liberal organ that
%

\

LOCAL AGENT WANTED


V L\

—roR—
v>
Shawville and District

v
several ploci only obtained Matriculation int but al
Shawville Academy, to find out.
TO sni.L FOR
*>


The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
< I
into Medicine- the tir»t from
far a» 1 am able
;
s< i
—O—
Splendid list of stock for Full Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1JMS. including many new varieties which we alone control.
"si •
The Pocket Stage.
It may fairly be claimed that human*
Mr. Olivet

fit to make a
'Trusting you may meet ion. I am.

IJ< *
t

11 11 v
Your» very truly.
s. M< Mvi.lan
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent’s proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
Oriustown, t^ue., July 2*% 1917

STONE and WELLINGTON (Established lKi7>
I

SHAWVILLE ACADEMY
1
a
Toronto
Ontario.
What \\
A few Facts for the Taxpayers
£t\

te\ 'il
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY 00.
h Homeseekers*
Excursions
l>

: is $13.000. i> barely suffi vient t i>e,s ami interest.
It hinted
nt tax r.i
1 >
. '
Liberals would find them
MR. JOHN G. KENT, a man of
wealth and extensive business interests. who has refused to accept any remuneration whatever for his services as General Manager of the Canadian National Exhibition, preferring to serve the public free of charge. He is President of the Toronto Board of Trade and has been on the Exhibition Board since 1905, always showing a close interest in the work. He was President In 191213. the two host years in the history of the institution. Mr. Kent is head of the Boy Scouts in Toronto and is identified with many philanthropic enterprises. Long and continued illness has compelled Dr. Orr, Manager since 1903, to seek a long rest.
it
meet running Fees eh
\

ufronted bj i straight-line Lil
. in which case mservutivi would | the lowest in the province
thi> statement :
pupils are about 1.
ves c
ill u 1
• Til
lie elected
It a union government i» l * will hi
Crows end Crops.
The biological survey of the depart lient of agriculture has investigated :he relation of crows to man. The essential conclusions are that crows are
22 outside
ipal's salary, £ 1 2< k)
.‘Os $3*
; lid $81 a .
ired i
1‘rii
h divisions.
1 tb Supporters will have *
If «
11 in ihm
* h 11
t; Shaw ville j
pupil» paid tt pii»
Government grant about >
es of this r<
of the union government
Lil ferais to con-
!
i Hi
nly Launei

run
B i
vx
!
To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, May
t" <k?tuber, 1917.
Good going every Tuesday, May Stli to October 30th, 1U17. H limit two calendar months from, date of sale.
For further particular* apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shawville.

• if
ng M 'h i i
187.50
\
t nu
12	ont side pupil* paid f
13	Shawville pupils and 11\-1 tayur* paid
i*t .«n outside pupil #15.(13 i"i y<
It cost a Shawville pupil 35.57	“ 44
Things seem so unfair in tIk department» that the School Board i> at a h*ss how to deal with the matt r.
Federal Tax on Incomes
ire

et urn
The Government has taken action in the direction <d making the wealth of the Dominion contribute its full share toward the cost of carrying on the war. List Wednesday Sir Thomas White introduced his income tax piojiosala and the extent of the toll they are to take of the incomes of the rich met with unqualified approval from both sides of the
bouse.
The Finance Minister projx empt the incomes of single men and childless widowers up to #2.ooo, and those of other person* up to #3,000.
If your income from all businc
ircea t*>tals #4	..... 1 here
the way your war tax figure out :
4(12.50
• •
3ver necessary.
tw
Wore# Still to Come.
Henderson — What makes you eo jiue? Sanderson—My wife's bread s a 'allure. Henderson—Is that all? San-ierson—All? No; something worse Is coming. Henderson — What? Sanderson—A week's ordeal of bread pud-ling.—Puck.	.
fouri
Will, you, Mr. editor, or some wise men give us some guidance, ami give it quickly ?
<»
• • •
Thinks Canada
GUARDING A NAVAL SECRET.
êfkû i
CuMMINION KR
Has Done Wonders
How England Cloaked the Building 01 a New Type of Cruiser.
Iu Europe extraordinary precautions are taken by all the great powers tc mask their military plans, and con slant efforts are made to ferret out the military designs of opposing govern men Is. Admiral William S. Sims ol the United States navy threw an Inter est In g sidelight on this phase of preparedness when testifying before the Siberia. They live In the great province of Yakutsk, a territory five time#
>:
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
* to ex

Hymeneal

YAKUTS OF SIBERIA.
ITH the exception of • snarl from the Hears!
On July 17th a very pretty marriage j	%
v.i' >"lvmiti/.r<l .it N--I lu.m Vlmu li. V Clarendon. The ceremony was per-	yfyf papers to the effect that
! formed by the Rev. Mr. Cook of Yarm,	Canada ought to have
and the contracting partie* were Parley conscription In order to do her share K.. fifth "on of Mr*. John Richardson of falriy with the United States, all the Uadtord, ami Mi** < ra L., «ml\ d iugli 3ewgpaper comment in the American
" Mi> ViXt ïw» ' roncerD'ng Canada hae beT
Iiiiik-'iiiai.) and Mr. K-,Wrt | ««hlx complimentary. Most of the Brown jierformed thv functions of
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 year* old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has >ince continued to »*% a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of
1	L	.	_ _	, _	.	.available Dominion Land in Manitoba,
•To .bow the extreme Importance of larger than h«t of Tews together [Saskatchewan ... Alberta. Applicant this matter of a new type,” said Ad with all the New England states. Tk# mirai Sims, “w hen Great Britain first extreme northern part of their country built these vessels (swift and powerful ia the coldest region on earth, the tern-battle cruisers) extraordinary preeau- pernture falling to 80 and U0 degrees lions were taken to prevent her possi below zero. There the soli is eternally ble enemies learning their character!*- frozen for hundreds of feet below the tics. Great Britain had a numl>er of lurface; even at the height of summer armored cruisers, and Germany had a only a yard of unfrozen soil veneer* number of them. Great Britain knew the admixture of earth and Ice, afford-that if she could build a number of Ing foothold for the gray tundra moss these battle cruisers that had battle- and occasional patches of grass and ship guns and twenty-eight knot speed dwarf willow.
—In other words, more speed than any The natives live In yourtas or seml-otber cruisers In the world and guns underground huts and a few one story stronger than those of any other cru Is- log cottages, as do the Russian admin-era—she would thus be away ahead for latrative officials. For ten months the a long time	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
“She laid down three of those v
sels. In the estimates they were called tur. - ' m the regions atxnit the north armored cruisers, and everybody la the and south poles. During the brief su world supposed that simply three more mer thaw of two months the tuidra, armored cruisers would come out, with as the open country ia called. Is an linordinary guns, which are 0.2 Inch, etc. passable swamp.
They were going to mount on these The Yakuts are the most numerous vessels eight twelve-Inch guns apiece, tribe of eastern Siberia, numbering and they were g-dng to give them a some 250,000, and are typical representatives of the culture of the Tu*
These People Live In the Coldest Region on Earth.
The Yakuts arc the largest and most cultured of all the primitive races of
»
ributiona will
bouse committee.
Other
Venions
Single or Widower.
I neorn
must apjK-ar in person at Dominion Linds Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must 1** made on certain condition*. Duties—Six months residence ui>on and cultivation of land in each of til
ted
I H
commentators, indeed, seem to think
#	40
>

3	4,000 ....
.
10,000 ....
'
30.000	....
50.000	. . •
75.000	• • • * 100,000 .... 1 MX 000
One
hat we have done wonders.
)f the la.est American writers to
risit this country was Mr. W. 0. Me-
3eeban, of The New York Tribune
itaff. He observes that the only els-nent not flocking to the colors are ;he Frcnch-Canadians and he ii i mazed that this should be so. Apart 'rom the slackness in Quebec, bow-wer, he has nothing but praise fol what Canada has done and la doing. Some extracts from hla article are ol
groomsman.
The bride was becomingly dressed in a gown of crej*e de chene with bridal veil to match. She carried a bouquet of ferns and carnation*.
80
120 . 220 . 400	.
580	.
850	.
1.300	.
5.300	.
10,050	,
14.800	. 29,300 .
43.800	.
180
360
540
810 1,260 2,460 5,260 10,010
14.760 29,260
43.760
ree years.
In certain districts a homesteader may -ecure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price #3.00 iter acre. Du ties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May ob tain pre-emption latent as soon homestead prient on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead latent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price 33.00 per Must reside six month* in each
After the ceremony was lerfortned the bridal party motored to the bride's home, where, after partaking of a sumptuous supper, tlie young people spent the evening in tripping the light fantastic t«
Among the numlier of useful and valuable present* were found several chef pies which show how highly the young couple are held in the esteem of their numerous friends.—Com.
M M M M I
ntcrvst.
Two months after Great Britain întered the war Canada sent to Eng-and Its first contingent, a division ol 13,000 men. These had been raised >y voluntary enlistment, and were fully equipped and partly drilled is tlx weeks. One of the battalions is his division was the Princess P» rlcia's Light infantry. ¦¦ wvnty men of the original battalion ire alive to-day. This division also ncluded the 13th and 14th Battions, from Montreal. These wen he regiments that held their ground jnder the first gas attack at Ypree.
Mr. Watt ni thegueet of M». l)ind „ Ju|y lhould hare on the way ta Letts during the ismt week. He needs France over 400,000 men. In tws to watch that he doesn't get poisoned. 4n<i s half years It should raise Home of the Huntsven fair sex have ^ta of Mrs. Jam Otmm
VsvLE DvDLRY.
II
country la a dreary, trackless sea of driven snow, with far lower tempera-
Minutes Clarendon Schools
Board of School Commissioners met July 1Mb, 1917, to elect a chairman for
Present :	HHHH
A. Draper, Thomas Wallace. W. (
!	A
Tnv-y
Motion—Com rs Harris and Tracy —That Trueman A. Dr&i#er he chairman pro.-tern.—Carried.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on mot ion of Com rs Tracy and Hai
Motion—('om’r* Tracy and \N allace— That Trueman A. Draper be re-elected chairman of this Board—Carried unan-
.
Motion—Cotn’r* Wallace and Laugh-reo—That the following bills be paid :
of three years, cultivate 60 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of ?•in ploy ment as farm labourers in Can ada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Uuids are adver-
“You can conceal the speed, of course, lab tribee of central Asia, lu spite of , M <I ^	tûtL
whUe the vessel la building, but It was tbelr present Isolation from the other f,lerM , "	, <»venwassit<
wholly Impossible to conceal the fact branches of the Turkish race and tbelr n .	di- hau «l i iy ••
that they were bonding twenty-four probable mixture with Mongols and , y.Ç™9r applying b " *n ry
twelve-inch guns that could not other- others, the Yakuts In the course of local Ajenv* omce (but not HubAgr Jb
Di*cbarge paper» must he presented to
W W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. .—Unauthorised publication of
t will not be paid for
DUNRAVEN
Commissioner* Trueman
About
July 27.—Miss Mabel Lett* i* visiting her friend*, Mr. Sparling*» in Thorne, during the past week.
Mias Bessie Letts got an overdose of poison ivy while out berry picking last week, and has been laid up with a swollen face ever since.
H, Laughren and Robert J
higher speed.
wise be accounted for. Great Britain tbelr migrations have preserved one of lid not want other nations to know the oldest and purest dialects of the Af'W that these were going to be carried by language spoken by the Klrgbis, th% these three cruisers. Bo they Induced Tartars and other Turkish people*-*
Turkey to sign a contract for those St Nicholas
>00.000 men
The speed with which Canada re-iponded to the first call is even mors •emarkable than Its numerical eho Great Britain entered thi
been g
N. B
July 28 —Mrs P. Griffin and daiigii
ng

this ad
70
LL
###PAGE###5###

Tenders Wanted.
THE EQUITY,
IMPORTANT TO
Tender* will In* received till ft o'clock,
p. iu., on Saturday, 11th August, 1M17, for building woodshed at No. 12-B. 8|witicatiomi may la? seen at Secretary * office.
J\ Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests.
Published ovary Thursday
\i Shawtille, County Pontiac, Que.
FARMERS
Al*<> tender* wanted for repairing No. 11 School fence and supplying and putting on two iron gate*—tenderer supplying all material.
ëflMCRIPTION, $1 ATIAS IN ADVANCE
gr All arrears must be paid up before %ny paper Is discontinued.
Farmers who are looking forward to purchasing
O
M. A. McKINLKY,
Asst. Sec. Trea*., School Mu. Clarendon.
ADVERTISING rates.
Binders For Next Years Harvest
Legal advertising, 10 cent* per line for insertion and 5 cent» per Mne or each nubsequent Insertion
Badness card* not exceeding one inch inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of H cents per line for first Insertion ami 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, mtrrlage and death notices pub 1 Uhod free of charge. Obituary poetry -declined.



Hhawvillv, July 17, 1917.

//

are strongly advised to place their orders at once
11 •-•1
«^eavrtiÂ

OVERTURES TO CHINA.
Jp
s
and Accept Delivery This Year
Ruling Classes May Be Encouraged
to Come Here.
* 5
in order to take advantage of current prices. If they wait for delivery next year, their Binders will
cost from forty to fifty dollars more than 1917 prices.
It is very important that intending purchasers should know this, and thus lie in a position to make a very substantial saving in the cost of a New Binder. But there is no time for delay. You must act at once to be on the safe side. 1 may add that all companies will bo affected the same, with regard to the advance in next years prices.
f'ï
The
Harvest Rush
tries men’s nerves and tests their patience.
It’s a time when a little thing like a break, a bunch or a snarl in your binder twine seems a catastrophe—and, if frequent enough, can easily become one.
Plymouth Twine
will rid you of such trouble.
Plymouth^ uniform in size and stronger than other twines. It runs full length, ties more sheaves and does not tangle or fall down.
Make sure of your supply by ordering now. We sell it.
G. F. HOGGINS Co. L’td.JMj
SHAWVILLE.
Government,
T h e
through legislation recently proposed In the Dominion Parliament, Is making Its first overtures to the new China, with the avowed purpose of attracting a share of the growing commerce of the Oriental
ployed Is the same as that which Canada sees In successful operation In the United States. It Is the education of Chinese students in the colleges and universities, made possible by the relaxation of the exclusion laws, to permit their residence. In Canada, as in the United States, the Chinese exclusion law is directed, theoretically, only against the admission of coolie laborers. In Can ada, however, no specific exception* to the law have been made, and Chinese students and teachers have been barred under the general terms of the Act.
Those members of the Government who are sponsoring the proposed enactment are said to have been moved by the realization that the policy pursued toward Chinese students and teachers, who have sought entry to colleges and universities In the United Dtatee, has operated in the past, and is tending more and more, to expand the trade relations between tho Eastern and Western Republics. The officials claim to have found that the Chinese who have been educated In the arts and knowledge, as well as in the customs of the Occident, upon returning to their native country and becoming active agents in educational, industrial, and commercial undertakings. are strongly prejudiced In favor of the people who have befriended them, and of the institutions which have equipped them for dealing intelligently with the problems to be solved, pointed out, has failed to participate in the advantage gained by the United States through the operation of this co-operative system, cause of its failure soner to appreciate the possibilities of the opportunity afforded.
It is felt In Canada that, with the possibility of China’s early entry Into the world war as an ally of the United States and the Entente, the ,,	.	,	.	.countries of the Western Hemisphere
roMfice <>t gnvbec,	are assured of a large trade with the
Municipality of Miawville.	people of the Chinese Republic In
Public notice is hereby given that the future. It Is argued that the the Valuation Roll of the Municipality Canadian ports on the Pacific are t the village of Shaw ville lia* l>eeii pre from two to three days nearer Hong p ared by the Valuator.* according to ! kong and Shanghai than the western law; that it has been del posited in my P°rtB of the Vnited States, and that office where it will In? open for inside- for thi8 reason the people of the
tk.n and examination I,y parties inter-1 D°“lnlon ebould encoura(?e cloee estai, land that on Monday, the sixth day of August, next, it shall be liomoh gated at the regular meeting of the Council, with or without amendment.
>-
Canadian

M
MuMS
t *
M
H,*ùéé

t0' *
i/y
ï|
i/i'ifM
/ #
9
/
! it
<
The method to be em-
m
ll
%
!j
JOB PRINTING.

i
.
j.
hi

All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
r ¦ ¦	JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
I
I
V Cl:
I
ifc\
& J. HAMILTON


1 /fillnllZ


Professional Cards.
5
frl
!

MASSEY HARRIS AGENT.
!#&
m,
S




V
I:
* t,

'j


i
DR. A. H. BEERS
'
' .a

*
SURGEON DENT l-T
I. Que.

<
1
Kt
TAILORING
W

Campbell* Day »gg pHH
.Doctor of Medicine mid Master of Surgery .Doctor^of Dentaf Surgery, University of ‘Llcentlate^f Dental Surgery. Quebec.

i
w
v
\
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
i


ü&Aj
'
GRAY. BLUE,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
w
>*
S. A. MACKAT


f
\
M
ii nii

NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle.

m
M

iW/
Que.


IV
Ml
’V « ft
• A
- z
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Rain Coats,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, tc.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawvllle Wednesday and Saturday of each weely.
Canada, it is
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
be-
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
, ADVOCATE, AC
I
PUBLIC NOTICE
Then Ma Sent Willie to Bed.
"Fa, what Is a filibuster?”
“A filibuster Is an attempt to talk a plan of action to death, my boy.”
“I see. You married into one, didn't you, pa Detroit Free Press.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tw Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
MARKET FOR
PULPWOOD
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.

A Bit of Sentiment.
"Why oil these toots as you pass that village ?” inquired the fireman.
‘Toots Is my wife's pet name,” ex-__ I plained the engineer.—Pittsburgh Post

A > vooATE, Barrister, &c
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
Hull.
198 Main St.
commercial, financial, and industrial relations with the people of China. This closer relationship cannot be achieved, it is appreciated, without JJ. I	L I	first cultivating, as it ia pointed out
Given at Shaw ville this 4th day ol the United States has successfully July, 1917.	j cultivated, a broader and morç g
uine friendship with the ruling cl
'd ]bç Q rien ta] Repuÿlta	.___
In view of this established international comity, ahd of the fact that the educated Chinese h>ve foun that the colleges and universities o the United States offer to Chinese 4tud*nts the opportunities they are seeking. It may be that Canada, or any other country which seeks to compete In what was once considered a somewhat experimental undertaking, will be obliged to do more than make what might be regarded as a concession to race prejudice.


PHONE BELL	Worry poisons the mind Jnst as much
J. Ernest Caboury, LL B., «• ftd;^ruï poU,ODa body lnd
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BA\f QUE. |War Has Caused Activity Among
Scientists-
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
en-
8. E HUDGINS,
•Sec.-Tiras.
ase
OCR CHEMTTAY INDUSTRY.
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and O. N. R Railways.
1
PUBLIC NOTICE
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed-tnetday and Shawvllle every Saturday.
A short address on the chemical industry in Canada was recently Provint* ot Quebec,
given by Mr. H. E. Howe before the Municipality of Clarendon.
Immii fgsa
pointed out that several countries j |»re|wired by flu \ alnators according to heretofore not found in the list of i • Hiat it has been deposited in my Will attend Courts and Business In the ^ those prominent In chemistry had orace where it will remain open to in
District of Pontiac.	shown great activity, and foremost *pectkm and examination by parties in -
_______________________———. among» tfcese Is Canada. The work terested, and that on Monday, the sixth
— .-An-iiAif confronting the chemical industry In day of August, next, it shall be hoinolo
fiFliRliF F MflRENRY Canada no 1688 than ,n Ens,and' gated, at the regular meeting of the UUUnUL L« muiiunvi Imay be measured by the increased Council, with or without amendment.
production of munitions since An- Given at Sbawvilk this 4th day of gust, 1914. When It is remembered Tniv lft17
that British munition factories are	'	^J
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of now making more heavy gun am-Lots. Drawing, Copring, and Reducing of munition every 24 hours than they Pians, Lines, Boundaries, See.	j produced during the entire first
Executed carefully to the eatlefac- |year of the war, some comprehen- I
sion of the chemical and engineering problem, which have been overcome, can be had.
LA WIT BEOS., Campbells Bay.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
191 MAIN ST., HULL
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS

Stranded In England.
The London Chronicle publishes he following:
There are about 40,000 depend-
ints of Canadian soldiers stranded —— t _____________________________ i -,	. .	_
n this country at the present time—	If fl lï ÎT If P HT fil P	^ 11RV6 Oil il&IlU th0 nllGSt
sa&'££&ïïlts’l'ï NtJHuMMIo stockofMarMe»nd Granit» m0„u.
i-ar them a. poeelble while they --------------------- IlientS ever placed before the Dublic
were on active service, or came over ....	-,	,	/	,	*
o see thom in hospital after they oi this district. 1 rices are such that it will be to intending “rh'T/ar7°Unoted etranded in the purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order ¦l£.naoY wZT hf.,,J1Venrdreporrted° elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
But it seems impossible for the julk of them to return to Canada low or for some time to come owing o lack of passenger accommodation, ind it is stated that even were the *ar to end soon fully eighteen uonths must elapse before tonnage :ould be spared to transport so large body of people.
The position of some of these Canadian visitors is pathetic. There ire many whose menfolk are actually >ack in Canada themselves, wounded ind discharged from the army, others hare lost those whom they allowed to this country, and are iniious to return to their homes and •latives.
lave been able to find room for a ew women and children on return ng transports, aad It is hoped to continue this assistance.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
E. T. HODOIXS,
Sec.-Treasurer.

TO LET
tlon of parties.

102 Wellington St. - - Hull.
Phone : Queen 3230.
Best Farmers' Hotel
GEORGE HYNES --™’ ."~LX*ÎS,.“-‘rS 1 in Pontiac
metallic magnesium In bars and In powdered form for star shells. The activity in explosives involves new methods in the production of heavy chemicals. Potassium chlorate, bleach, caustic, cyanide, abrasives, carbide, ferromelybdenum and other alloys were referred to.
The steps being taken for the electrolytic refining of nickel were also described, and some information given relative to the progress of pharmaceutical preparations In Can
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Dining Room and 22 Tied Rooms furnished. Large Yard, Sheds and Stables.
; Apply at once
Ennlmr aid u.ieral Director
Main Street,Shawville-.
Parsml ittention.Openall hours.
r
O. W. DALE,
XV. A. HO DG IX 8.
When you require Printing-
call at
UNDERTAKING
and EMBALMING “1
Trespass Notice.
The progress of the pulp and paper industry Is remarkable, going for-
• m1 at a pace indicating the no#- ing in any shawville slblllty of Canada's leading in the i
1 world's production of pulp In the	thi* notice will be prosecuted a the
V#Th^ step^helng taken by the Gov-	R. B. ARMSTRONG,
ernment through an Advisory Çong-cll on Scientific and lAduetrial Rç search to provide properly tmlnç-l men for work upon scientific proV le another Important factor. |
The Government has established a 0«md dairy farm, part of Lots 4 and forests products laboratory, while ; \ first Concession of Hr into chemists now employed In the Indus- 300
Recently the Admiralty
Any person or person* found trempas* manner whatsoever on Lot 8. on the 7th Range of Clarendon.
W. J. HAYES
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
I
I
(opposite J. H. Shaw
AH calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
tfiyikh. ml.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
Ontario’s First Hotel.
i
i
The old Caer Howell Hotel, op-•oaite the Genera’ Hospital on Union! ty avenue, Toronto, which baa been torn down,
I ret old-world tavern erected In On-ario. It was built In IS37, and for
FARM FOR SALE.
MS
warn the
A |
Wvu L , x
L
J
ROMPTLY 6
containing
try are looking forward to poet sear | ticnlan apply to owner, condition, u w.Il U being ecu rely |>. j. (KAIL, Bnymood, AlU., or to engaged with present problème. I q T DRUMMOND. Bristol, Que

Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
historic old hotel was * of Toro
In all c ountries Ask for our IKTÏH. TOR'S AI’VTSER. which wUl be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
SS4 University IL Montréal.
^^gellte. t lose micb
-


he tavern was at one ted by university me a.
###PAGE###6###
V\v

c Vf


Alleged Profits of The William Davies Company in 1916 on Bacon, as Indicated by Department of Labor to be Five Cents per Pound, Untrue :
Actual Profits TWo-Thirds of a Cent per Pound
Is a disinfectant that dries white, not dark or colorless like other disinfectants, so that with It, one disinfects and paints at the same time, with the same labor and at no greater cost than Is required for whitewashing and disinfecting only.
t’arbola Is made of a finely powdered mineral pigment, the same as used by many paint makers, combined with a germicide
30 times stronger than carbolic acid
but non-poisonous and non-caus-Comes In convenient size packages, dose not spoil bv standing. mo can be kept on hand ready to use when convenient or on a rainy da> l>rush or a spraying machine. Will not clog the sprayer or blister, flake or peel "IT many coats nr.- put on
It 1* easily prepared for use. Just put the powder in a pall and stir in either cold or hot water.
Used and endorsed by thousands of poultry and breeding farms and by experiment stations and agricultural college».
Sold by Dealers Everywhere
HOWLAND SONS A CO.. Ltd Toronto
tic
Applied with either ft
no matter how
HE statement issued by the Department of Labor concerning the business of The William Davies Company Limited has been given widespread circulation throughout the country and provoked public unrest.
Whatever the technical wording of the report was, the effect has been that the newspapers have published that “the profits on Bacon alone” of this Company “for 1916” were about “five millions of dollars.” This interpretation of tlie official report is not surprising in view of certain statements that the Commissioner of the Cost of Living makes. The Commissioner is reported as saying “There were two individual cases of profiteering in 1910 ami had these cases occurred since the passage of the cost of living Order-in-Council. lie would consider it his duty to recommend that
T
the facts he laid before the Attorney-General for consideration ns to their criminality.” The situation created by such erroneous and damaging statements is serious as emanating from a Government official, from whom one looks for not only accurate statements but correct conclusions.
The William Davies Company, being a private concern, has followed the practice of all private corporations, except when it made a bond issue in 1911, in that it has not published reports of its assets and liabilities or profit and loss. The present circumstance, however, in which a Government Official has led the public to false conclusions, makes it advisable for this Company, for both the pubhVlntcrest and its own interest, to publish particulars of its business as well as point out the error of the statement of the Government Official.
Canada
that
that.
Harness leather cannot be neglected without injury that lessens its durability. It should be washed and oiled frequently. The washing should be done in tepid water with a neutral soap and a sponge or stiff brush. After rinsing in clean tepid water the harness is hung up to drain a little while before oiling.
For driving harness neatsfoot or castor oil is best. Lut for heat. harness there may be some tallow in the oil. The applications should be light for driving and liberal for heavy harness. The oil, warm to the hand, is rubbed thoroughly into the leather while it is still wet from the washing. Excess oil which the leather is unable to* take up should be removed with a clean, dry clcth.
Pulling the binder is harder work than drawing the cultivator, especially if there is no truck to support the weight of the binder tongue. Occasional rests and airing the shoulders by pulling the collars up on the horses’ necks will help to prevent galls and sores. Wash the shoulders and apply some liniment at night.	|
It will pay to give the colts a small amount of grain once a day, al- : though they are running with the mares in pasture.
For the last fiscal year ending March 97th, 1917, The William Davies Company bought and killed 1,048,000 head of Live Stock (Cattle, Hogs and Sheep.) T his, plus purchases of outside Meats, produeed 160,000,000 pounds,of Meats. The Company handled 6,550,000 pounds of Butter and Cheese, 5,650,000 dozens of Eggs, and manufactured 96,500,000 tins of Canned Goods.
The net profits on these were .68 cents (or two-thirds of a cent) per pound on meats, 1.01 cents on Butter and Cheese, 1.04 cents per dozen on Eggs, and .47 cents (or slightly less than one-half a cent) per tin on Canned Goods. These profits include profits on all By-Products derived from these accounts.
During the year the Company served at its retail stores 7,500,000customers, the average purchase of each customer was 35c., and the net profit upon each sale w as 5-8 of 1 cent.
The turnover of the Company from all its operations for the last fiscal year ending March 97th, 1917, was $10,090,000. The net percentage of profit upon this turnover, after deducting war tax, was 1.61) per cent., or including war tax
3.45 jM*r cent.
¦KmlHÜ
William Davies Company lias assets of $13,385,000 of which $3,805,000 is tied up in fixed investments.
To provide the necessary facilities for the increased volume of business the Company expended $750,000 in buildings and equipment during the year.
Companies of other character present no more reasonable statement of profit and loss based upon the investments made in the business.
The William Davies Company offered to the Imperial authorities, as well as to the War Office Service (which represents the Imperial authorities in Canada) I dare the output of its Factory with respect to Bacon supplies, Canned Beef and Pork and Beans at the service of the authorities, on the basis of cost plus an agreed percentage. These offers were successively declined as the authorities evidently desired to purchase in the oj>e
secured War Offic
/
to
n market, and on this basis The William ee business by open competition with the
Davies Company has world.
Respecting the Report of the Commissioner on the Cost of Living:
Last Winter the Commissioner, under authority of Order-in-Council, required packers to submit statements under oath for some years back and up to Decemtier 1st, 1910, of incoming stocks of Meats and the cost of such, as well as statements of outgoing product and the selling value. This Company represented in writing at the time that the information as specifically required was not in accordance with Packing House Accounting methods, and invited the Commissioner to send an Officer to the Head Office of the Company to examine the books for any information desired, and to secure a viewpoint as to the best way of collecting data which would he of use to the Government, This offer was declined, and there was nothing to do but fill in the information required as literally as we could determine it. For example, there was no recognition of the fact that a raw product may enter a factory under a specific classification and leave the factory as a finished product under some other classification.
We submitted a series of accurate figures based upon our interpretation of the official requirements which made no provision for charges of any description other than incoming freight and unloading charges to be included in the cost or to be deducted from the selling price. There was nothing in the report which could be read so as to determine a profit and loss statement. The very fact that with only a statement based upon cost of raw products and value of sales in Great Britain a Government Official has deduced “Large margins," “Profiteering" and “Criminality" if it had occurred since the passage of a recent Act, shows too dangerous a trifling and incapacity to be permitted to deal with any important situation. The statements of this Company have been treated by the author of this report as if the out going product ?as identical with the incoming product, and from the series of reports he has singled out two items—the Bacon and Egg reports—and from them deduced an erroneous “margin" which the newspapers have interpreted as “ profit.“ The author of the inquiry shows a strange lack of even a fundamental knowledge of simple bookkeeping and a dangerous inability to co-ordinate figures. The following are specific and outstanding errors in the report:
The principal item that is causing excitement deals with cold storage bacon. The term “cold-storage" is not defined, and the public is allowed to make its own definitions. As all Bacon in a packing house is under refrigeration it is really all cold-storage, and therefore this Company's figures of cold storage Bacon represent the complete quantity of Bacon handled in its entire Plant, whether in freezers or in process of cure for immediate shipment. That some com-
panîes interpreted cold-storage product as “freezer" product only is evidenced by the smallness or entire lack of figures on the Bacon list for some Plants, indicating that many Firms did not submit statements of their complete stocks, as did this Company. An Official of this Company pointed out this cold-storage distinction to Mr. O'Connor and Miss McKenna in Ottawa a few weeks ago, and the failure to make the distinction after having had it pointed out evidences lack of desire for accuracy of the real information desired.
_ It is true The William Davies Company, in 1916, exported 97,791 .(MX) pounds of Bacon, but we do not know how the margin of 5.05 cents per pound is arrived at by Mr. O'Connor, as there were no figures to justify such a conclusion. The probabilities are that the margin is arrived at by taking the average cost per pound of incoming product from the average selling price per pound of outgoing product. This may be a rftugh way of estimating the gross margin when dealing with small figures, but when dealing with figures the size that Mr. O'Connor has to deal with, a very small fraction of a cent per pound of error makes a very important difference in the total, and one must be careful to make sure that the outgoing product is the same finished merchandise of the incoming product reported on.
Allowing it to pass, however, as a rough estimate, we wish to point out—(first)—the inquiry of the Commissioner allowed only for incoming freight and unloading charges, and made no provision whatsoever for operating charges of any kind, such as labor, curing materials, refrigeration, et cetera. Such actual charges on the 97,791,000 pounds exported were $1,162,000—or 1.2 cents per pound. This amount covered all charges up to the point of placing the Bacon on cars f o b. packing house. In addition to this was the actual cost to land and sell this 97,791.000 pounds in England after leaving the packing house, which involved charges of 2.9 cents per pound—or $2,836,000. Thus 2.9 cents per pound included inland and ocean freight, landing charges, war and marine insurance, cables, and selling commission to agents. The ocean freight and war risk alone would make up 2.4 cents of the charge of 2 9 cents per pound. This 1.2 cents, plus 2.9. cents—a total of 4.1 cents—must be deducted from Mr. O'Connor's margin of 5 05 cents per pound, leaving a margin of .95 cents, or slightly less than a cent pet pound, which still has to be reduced because of the error of premises and because of further factors which have to be considered to determine net profits.
It Is quite evident some of the other packers did not show selling values in the country in which the goods were
sold—a proceeding quite proper, as the forms submited to be filled in were indefinite and ambiguous, thus permitting without charge of evasion a variety of interpretation as to the information required. It is thus possible that of all the figures submitted by the different packers that no two sets of costs and sales prices are determined at the same common point. It is this difference of interpretation of what was required that accounts for the difference of the alleged “margin" made by the different companies. Common conclusions, however, have been drawn by the author of the report from varying bases of premises.
*1
W
The figures of the Egg business were submitted on the same Itasis as Bacon, and similar deductions must be made.
To get the flock safely through the winter, get the ticks during the sum-l er.
One reason the sheep industry has shown a decrease in the last few years, is that wool buyers have paid no more for a good fleece than a poor one. There should be a premium on good wool.
Save all the ~ood ewe lambs for breeders, f >r they will be in demand during the next few years. Take care of the breeding flock so that it will be in condition for breeding this fall. Keep a record of the ewes to be sure all are bred.
An old shepherd says that the feet need to be trimmed three times a year.
A cistern catching water from the barn roof furnishes a good supply of water for the flock, if the water is kept clean and cool.	* j
Aim to mak* the lambs the chief source of income. Let the clip pay for the ewe's keep.
As soon as the grain is harvested, the sheep will clean up the waste grain and eat many weeds in the stubble if they are given a chance.
Shade makes sheep. Where there are no trees "n the pasture it is a wise plan to put up a shelter of boards or canvas. When the sheep have shade they will graze in the evening and morning and lie in the shade during midday, chewing their cuds.
--------+-------- I
Protection of Crops.
Crop protection means crop production. Canada loses over one hundred million dollars worth of her staple crops every year through the depredations of insect pests. A large portion of this loss could be prevented. As we cannot afford to lose the smallest portion of our grain and other food crops during the present critical period when the production of food is of supreme importance, the Dominion Department of Agriculture is making every effort to prevent, so far as possible, losses due to insect pests. Crop protection must go hand in hand with crop production.
Insect pests are not usually noticed or reported until they have caused considerable damage. Therefore it is urged that the closest watch be kept | on all crops for the first appearance of any insect pests or damage. Immediately such damage is observed steps should be taken to control the outbreak in its incipient stage. If the pest or the method of control is unknown specimens of the insect and its injuries should be sent at once to the nearest of the following sources of expert assistance: tvral College, the Provincial Departments of Agriculture or their local District Representatives, the officer in
(Second)—The above margin is further reduced in that the author of this inquiry singled out the Bacon figures as an item in which the selling price shows an alleged improper advance over cost, but he did not give us credit for the statements of other products, of which figures were submitted the selling prices of which were under cost. The reason of this was that through failure to inquire the Department entirely overlooked the fact that product may come in os pork and, through the process of manufacture, go out as Bacon or, in another instance, enter the factory as beef and go out in the form of canned meats; for example: much of the product which came in as pork, and which was entered on the pork sheet submitted to the Commissioner—about which he makes no mention—was cured and left the factory in the form of Bacon, and was, therefore, entered on the outgoing side of the Bacon sheet—the result is that the Bacon sales are increased by this amount over the incoming stocks of Bacon, and, likewise, the sheet showing sales of pork is reduced by the amount that went out in the form of Bacon. If the Department takes one set of figures that show favorable to the Company they should take another set of figures that show unfavorable, as the principle in either case is the same, and failure to do so looks as if the author of the report was exercising more enthusiasm than sound judgment in his investigations.

I


(Third)—It is queried in the report, that “if the margin of 3 47 cents, ' alleged to have been made in 1915, “was satisfactory, why was it necessary to show increased margin in 1916?" Assuming again for the moment the soundness of the premises in asking such a question based on an erroneous “ margin ", it will be found that the increased margin is chiefly absorbed in increased ocean freight rates and war risk .insurance in 1916, of which apparently the author of the report was in ignorance.
The Company does not challenge either the legal or moral right of the Government to investigate business enterprises when public interests directs such investigation should be made. If an investigation of the packing and meat business is ordered^ the Company will place at the disposal of the Government not only the data it would be required to supply under Order-in-Council directing that inquiry be made, but will place the experience of its officers the disposal of the investigating committee, if it is considered they can render any service which w ill be of value. The Company has not now—nor at any time during the fifty years of its operation—anything to conceal in method or practice of carrying on its business. It does, however, claim the right to conduct its export business without abusive comment from Government civil servants—especially when the conclusions drawn from the data asked for improper and false.
One of Canada’s chief export industries is the packing business. It is essential to the live stock industry, and, along with other export industries, it maintains the financial stability of this country, and should, providing it is on a sound basis, receive encouragement and not slanderous abuse. In view of the publicity given to the report of the Commissioner on the cost of living, the Company demands the same publicity in having an official Government investigation of this report to determine the truthfulness or untruthfulness of its conclusions. We do not seek public consideration as a company, but we do say that untruthful official statements, or statements the effect of which is to create an untruth,
adversely affect the live stock industry of this country, which is so valuable and essential a wealth-producing power and, in the long run, arc harmful to the very people that the statement seeks to benefit.
If the passing out of existence of a corporation such as The William Davies Company, or if nationalization of packing houses would materially and permanently reduce food prices, then in view of the present world tragedy it ought to be consummated without delay. The fact of the matter is, however, that with millions of people in Euroj>e turning from producers into consumers because of the war, and the tremendous destruction of food products incident to war, there is no remedy for the high prices of food while such conditions last, except the remedy of thrift and increase of production.
Long before there was talk of a Food Controller in the United States Canada T he William Davies Company urged the Government at Ottawa, in writing, to appoint a Food Controller w ith full power to do what he wc realized at that time the upward tendency in the price of food commodities unless checked by official effort. At the most a great deal cannot be done in reducing food prices while currency is inflated and until the scale of prices of all kinds of commodities declines also.	What cap be done can only be done by a
Food Controller. We wish to point out that Nothing at all can be accomplished unless the data secured are iwcurately and clearly made and the deductions therefrom sound. Only public harm arises from dangerous incompetency in the haphazard collection and careless use of important figures.
V
an
at

are
or
saw fit, a*
As far as The William Davie» Company is concerned this terminates all public statements of the Company,'and it will pay no more attention to speculative and haphazard statements made either by newspapers or civil servants. The only further statement that unit be made will be at an official investigation.

Ê. C FOX, General Manager
THE WILLIAM DtAVIES COMPANY, LIMITED
Toronto, July 17th, 1917
The Agricul-
or specimens sent to the other sources ’ best protective ai edtka mentioned
charge of the nearest Dominion Entomological Station, or direct to the Dominion Entomologist, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, for examination; and advice in regard to control measures will be furnished without de-
sk owed no harm. Hi April, plants in hothouses five miles from the firing
measures against inKeep all crops constant-	.	.
Do not delay reporting Insect oat-	ly under supervision for the first	sp- The asphyxie ting gesses used	in
breaks or sending inquiries ; delay may	pearance of any damage In order that	European warfare have been found	to
involve serious losses that could other-	it may be checked without delay.	In-	'Nuance vegetation, the effects vary-
wise be prevented, Write immediate-	created crop production involves	in-	in*	the plant, the stage	of
ly, or telegraph if the outbreak Is creased protection against pests. growth, moisture in the air and other
^ thi CteMHÉM
War G
Hurt Vegetation.

INVESTOR 8
line were much affected, and grape-

our Capital stock, mow
vines in particular suffyred damage, though not from burning. Whitish or
>
1 to th# public for the first time
brownish spots appeared on the leaves,
urttr fll\ Idas 1
lay
ar
with
Write
which afterward fell off. The injury to growing grain, especially rye, was quite notable, though of
Free lllus-
ouncea in weight may be mailed to
< lean farming, the secur-
ing of vigorous growth In younj
trated Booklet.
the Dominion Entomologist, “Free/’
Death by prevention of sleep le a certain pine# plants and good cultivation arc the legal form of punishment in Chins. , though other trees, like the juniper,
but postage will be required on letters
•to


###PAGE###7###
The Waste of War
fbcÎd^'ttaM	U °B,y ,ht<iorl J*mp" of «- I 7Anderict IntlnSl/t^eL,
Colossal, Rich and poor Averted Serious Consequences.	And draw great dividends
alike Cat tons of food that There Is plenty of danger in train-	*n emilcs on many *ecee<
!” ««¦' ^ hvtiuv=7end	»:	r-- r r
this useless food breaks down cer„ivore. owe their live, to the good Nor feet'°f *loryi the so-called eliminating or- temper of their chargee. In that con.	Kindness will better state
ar «FF: B3ESE3	-—
Shredded Wheat Biscuit i„ the beginning of the sixties,	TheSlSdlMn Z J-a	„	A Hwer
is all food, prepared by a writes Mr. Hagenbeck, I was bringing	In memories tender	"Say, mamma, do big fishes eat lit-
process which makes every from Cokyn. to Hamburg . lar* cl-	memories^tender.
particle thoroughly digested, afour ywS'ilon. U°wa. pi™ WHEN YOUR COLOR FADES “But how ^	°^n the tin»7”	Ravin, the Glove.
It IS 100 per cent, whole ed In a great kennel and, together ”UL11 1 VUIXVVLVR I AULJ	---- When one or both fasternera of n
wheat. Two or three of with all the other animals, was install- when a ,r,	woman—finds her	LlnU”,nt Oeids, »te. glove have pulled out, darn the hole
2% S EHF2EE ™1 - -	- - - wr*36»
supplying the greatest ...	1»	|
amount of energy at lowest the door of the van and made hl-"nself chôment, it means that »he Is suffer	money ORDERS	CAa„A Granulated Eyelids,
cat. Delicious with sliced CO™, ,	...	..	... from anaemla-tbln, watery blood. The safe way to send money by mall	' indan,*d ”P°:
bananas, berries or other ^
frUltS-	dozed Peac«ful'y• Suddenly he felt vouaness Is often present.	Run a spade down around the root. LV	juf.^ComfoTÏÏR
s great weight upon his chest and The remedy for thl. condition Is to 0f cosmos plants to check rampant Vour Dmggi.f. 30c per fertile. M.rl.et). woke with a atari. In the darkness, build up the blood, and for this pur- growth and to force them into flower SahrcinTuhe.2Sc.ForDeokellbcEyefrecask not a yard from him, there shone two pose there la no medicine can equal	Druggists or Murine Lye Remedy Ce., Chicago
greenish lights, and he could dimly see Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. They build Minard’s Liniment Cure# Diphtheria.
up and renew the blood, bring bright- =r;	- ¦¦ ¦	...	. j. . ,	Propellers made of pressed steel,
ness to the eyes, color to the cheeks, __«PBCBLLAygQUl___ lacquered to give them perfectly
and a general feeling of renewed anger. tumors, lumps etc., smooth surfaces, are the last word in
health and energy. The only other JjunTy	m"nl* Writi airl,lane construction.
I treatment needed Is plenty of sunlight, us before too late. Dr Heilman Medical	-
moderate exercise and good, plain i r°- T'iwi>tcd, Golllngwood, Ont.	Minard'e Liniment Cures Distemper,
food. “
i ’ I YOUNG WOMEN
' 1 WANTED
VISITED BT A LION.
H I( H ES.
Cavalry Wireless Equipment
There are several forms of wireless equipment used In warfare, and under favorable conditions a range of from 160 to 300 miles Is possible with one of them. The most portable «station/' however, Is the cavalry type, i which weighs 640 pounds, and Is carried about in equal proportions by four horses. Its range is not a wide one; it works over a distance of from twenty-live to thirty miles.

£¦]
a

Good opportunity offered young women, desiring permanent work la Toronto, to learn waitresses’ work la the largest established restaurant la Canada. Good wages paid, best working conditions and fair treatment Write, Phone or Call.
A
MAKES PERFECT BREAD
CHILDS COMPANY,
A telescope with two parallel barrels to enable two persons to see the same object at the same time has been built by a Swiss optician.
Next to Its unique flavour, the great economy of Salada Tea has been the reason for Its enormous sale.	<
When buying your Plano Insist on having an
"OTTO HIGEL" PIANO ACTION
near
use-
¥OU CAN’T CUT OUT A
Bog Spavin or Thoroughpin
but you can clean them off promptly with
ABSOrbine
** * TRADE MARK Ut. UJ, PAT* OFF.
Made in Canada.
and you work the horse same time. Does not blister or remove the hair. #2.00 per bottle, delivered. S B Will tell you more if you write, jjf Book 4 M free. ABSORBINE, JR., TW the antiseptic liniment for mankind, reduces Varicose Veins, Ruptured
m Im Muscles Of ligaments. Enlarged Glands. Wens. ™	Cysts. Allay* pain gsickiy. Price SI sod S3
S buta* SI druggists or dsilrered.
w F ÏOUNS. P. D F., 516 Lymans Bidg., Montreal, Cart.
, •Uortlne sad Absorbtse. Jr., ar* aide 1o Canada •
Don't Be Benny Wine.
No housewife should let the increased price of sugar keep her from pre- the shaggy outline of the lion's mane, serving all the fruit and berries that In «orne way the fastening of its cage she can get. A little figuring will had become disarranged and the huge show her that the increased price of beast had escaped. sugar is only 1H cents to the quart Druard was a trainer of long experience, and he knew that this lion was good-tempered. So he decided at once that the best thing to do was somehow or other to tie the animal up. For the rest he must share the place with the lion until the next station, and make the best of his awkward situation.
Fortunately, no trouble broke out
the lion and the other Medicine Co.. Brockvllle, Ont.
animals. Had anything of that sort occurred, the man would never have lived to tell the tale. Druard quietly untied a sash that he wore round his body and placed it round the life's neck. Then groping his way through the dark and jolting van he succeeded in fastening the other end of the sash to the handle of the door. At the
ja
The girl or woman who gives this treatment a fair trial will soon find herself enjoying perfect health.
You can get Dr. Williams' Pink Pills from any dealer in medicine, or by mall poet paid at 60 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams'
Like A Boy at 50 Bubbling Over
With Vitality—Taking iron Did It
Dflftor 83y8 Nuxated Iron is greatest of all strength builders— Often increases the strength and endurance of delicate nervous folks 100 per cent, in two weeks’ time
a
every year from pneumonia, grippe, kid- NOTH:	Nunied Iron, recommended
ney. liver, heart trouble and other dan- above by Dr. E. Sauer. I» not a patent gerous maladie*. The real and true iredlclne nor secret remedy, but on# which cause which started their diseases wan 1* well known to druggiets, and whose Iron nothing more nor lew* than a weakened ! constituents nr» widely prescribed by eml-condltion brought on by lack of iron In nent physician# everywhere. Unlike the
Iron 1* absolutely necessary older ini rgtuiit Iron product*. It Is easily to enable your blood to change food Into assimilated, dies not Injure the teeth, living tissue. Without it. no matter how make them black, nor upset the stomach; much or what you eat. your food merely on the contrary, It 1* a most potent rem-paaeea through you without doing you edy In nearly all forme of indlge»iir»n ns any good. You don't get the «strength well as for nervous, run-down condition*, out of It and a* a consequence you be- The manufacturer* have such great confl-come weak, pale and sickly looking Just deuce in Nuxated Iron that they offer to like a plant trying to grow In a noil forfeit $10000 to any charitable Institution deficient In Iron. If you are not strong If they cannot take any man or woman, or well you owe it to yourself to make under 60. who lacks Iron, and Increase the following test:	See how long you their strength lOO'fc or over In four week*'
can work or how far you can walk time, provided they ha\e no serious nr-wlthout becoming tired. Next take two ganic trouble. They also offer to refund five-grain tablets of ordinary nuxated your money If it does not at least double iron three times per day after meals for yAur strength and endurance In ten «leys' two weeks._ Then test your strength time. It Is
*
HOOK ON
\
DOG DISEASES
DODDS
KIDNEY^
Mil?
/
And How to Feed
Mailed free to any addreee bj
Author
Planter I H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Inc. Dog Remedies 1118 West 31st Street, New York
/
/
the
America's

v.
z
/
between
*
$
RUSSIAN ROYALTY IN PRISON
Shan it Be
r #___	. TT _ #

How the Deposed Czar and Hi* Family
Spend Their Time.
The former czar of all the Russias is not a man of resource, says the London Mail, and he is feeling horribly j bored with nothing to do but to water next station he sounded the alarm, his flowers and talk to the wife of his and when lights were brought led the bosom on the telephone—in the prelion back to its cage.
'H

the rgjz
Cutleura Soap shampoo* preceded by light l touches of Cu-1 ticura Olnt-\ ment to spots \of dandruff and Itching aro # most effective. / They tend to ) amyt falling z hair and promote a healthy scalp.
sence of a guard. He is allowed to see his children, but also only under supervision. One of his girls became so unhappy at his plight—it is the Grand Duchess Marie, who dotes on him—that she had a nervous break-
PAIN T NOT^A BIT I
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OR CALLUSES OFF
?

SUMMER HEAT
rf


HARD ON BABY
No humbug I Apply few drops then Just lift them away with fingers.
----	I down.	,
No season of the year is so danger- The other girls, with the czarevitch, ous to the life of little ones as is the try to keep up their spirits with tennis summer. The excessive heat throws and lessons and music. Tatiana, the This new drug le an ether compound the little stomach out of order so ( second girl, has quite a lovely voice discovered by a Cincinnati chemist, quickly that unless prompt aid Is at and is as musical as her brother. Had
It Is called freeze ne, band the baby may be beyond all her lines been cast in other places she
might have made her fortune as a prima donna. As it is singing means good fun to her.
Those who have come in contact with the czarevitch feel very sorry for the poor little chap for the change in his life. He was patriotic above all things, and it was a passion with him to stay with his father at headquarters. Although he had been rather a terror as boys go before the war, his keenness to jerve made him behave well, and the officers of the chief staff, instead of finding him a nuisance, say that he was as willing to do his bit as any common or garden scout boy.
He was found one day tearing up the photographs of all his German relatives. When -he came to that of the Grand Duke of Hesse he sent for his youngest sister, who is his chief “Look here, Nastia," he said, can I tear up mother's brother?" "Of course," said Nastia, “as he’s a German!" Together the two children
tore the photograph to bits and stamp- ________
ed them under foot, cheering wildly as ||	^ f
they did so.


Ramnto» frv* by
mill
AddraM
the blood
••Cutlcura. .
N. Bouton, U 8. A ’ Sold every-
Dept
and can now be ob human help before the mother realizes
he is 111. Summer is the season when
It IS UD I0X)U
Mraia
talned In tiny bottles as here shown at very little cost from any
drug store. .___________
for freetone. Apply a drop or two directly upon a tender corn or callus and instantly the	e	. A .
soreness dl,appear, "cep baby healthy. The Tablet, are
Shortly you will find the Bold W medicine dealer, or by ma l
at 26 cents a box from The Dr. Wil
Hams' Medicine Co., Brockvllle, Ont.
diarrhoea, cholera infantum, dysentry and colic are most prevalent Any one Just ask ; of these troubles may prove deadly If
not promptly treated. During the summer the mothers' best friend is
?o.
i
Baby’s Own Tablets. They regulate the bowels, sweeten the stomach and
ill! K'Kvl flrurslut#

Dr. Beck, The Well Known Eye Specialist and Doctor Judkins, The Medical Authory Publish Astonishing Report on Wonderful Remedy To Strengthen Eyesight
corn or callus so loose that you can lift It off, root and all, with the fingers.


Buy by weight Disregard the measure. Insist upon correct weight. Patronize a responsible merchant. By insisting on full weight you obtain the full amount of food for which you are paying.
'««a
Not a twinge of pain, soreness or Irritation; not even the slightest smarting, either when applying free zone or afterwards.
If
This is to certify that fourteen
I got the cords of my left -®*1,
i
Say it Strengthens Eyesight 50% in One Week’s Time in Many Instances
This drug doesn't eat years ago up	the corn or callus,	wrist nearly severed, and was for
but	shrivels them so	about nine months that I had no use
they loosen and come right out It Is of my hand, and tried other Liniments, no hum-bug! It works like a charm, also doctors, and was receivinj nj por a few cents you can get rid of benefit. By a persuasion from a every hard corn, soft corn or corn be- friend I got MINARD'S LINIMENT tween the toes, as well as painful cal- and used one bottle which completely lueee on bottom of your feet. It never cured me, and .;ave been using MIN disappoints and never bums, bites or ^RD’S LINIMENT in my family ever Inflames.	If your	druggtet hasn't any	since and find it the same as when I
freezone	yet,	tell	him to get a little	first used it, and would never be with-
out it.
the eypefght more tbnn SO per cent in one week’s time. I have also uh*h! It with surprising effect in cases of work strained eyes, j>lnk eye. In flammed lids, catarrhal conjunct! vîtes, smarting, painful, aching, Itching eyes, eyes weakened from colds, smoke, sun, duet and wind, watery eyes, blurred vision, and In fact many other conditions too numerous to describe In this report. A n* w and startling cnee has Just come und< r my observation, which yielded to Bon Opto. Is that of a young girl, 12 years old. T prominent eye specialists, after a thorough examination of the young girl, decided In order to save the sight of her right eye, left eye must be removed. Before permitting her to be operated on, the young girl’s father decided to use Bon Opto. In less tbnn three days a marked Improvement was noticed. At the end of a week the luflam mation had almost disappeared, end at the end of six weeks the rye was saved. Just think what the saving of that eye means to this little girl. Another case Is that of a Indy ninety three years old. She came t*» mo with dull vision and extreme Inflamma tlon of the lids and the conjunctiva was ml most rnw. After two weeks’ use of Bon Opto the lids were absolutely normal and her eyes are as bright as rnunj a girl of sixteen.”




Wanted to Be There.
"I like to have vacation," said Tony.
"We can’t get along very well without you," said the boss. "You don’t need a vacation. You’ll only blow in your money and come back broke.”
"I like to have vacation," persisted Tony. "I get married, and 1 kinda like to be there.”	k

\



'1
" mm.
wo


the
a
bottle for you from his wholesale house
wm
ISAAC E. MANN.
Metapedia, P. Q.
Aug. 31st, 1908.

Art OPERATION
AVERTED
IN BLIGHTY.

v

Oh, to he In Blighty,
Now that summer’s there!
But I can’t get back to Blighty,
For the U-boats won’t play fair.
So I lie in this long, white ward, and dream	%
Of the old home farm and the ploughing team,
And the sweet flowers starring the hillside brow
In Blighty—now!




Wiioîs Whaet

M
and
DR BECK
D RS.	I	VR‘ J1I)K,N8
A Free Preemption Yon Can	du:M	T^^olS
I	« House Burgeon at the Now England Eye and f?r eever*1 F‘fr*. both for distance end
New York —Dr Reek, a New York state K*r Infirmary of Portland. Maine, and c °!f work atid wlthout ,bom \ ^"'«1 not
s: jk" fï&sî Si.'»av	vsrss.'sswrRsss*.Istgg^n: ssjkssz. “»
•iSSUftaP*'Sa*Si«Çkœ
ÉMgaMssfegssga^wIg^aiasyiaffa
si.i.w.v'i i .-.s; svaawï ssS3Ul“i,'Ssjr.	E r,r“; — —-
pssraiss	ÉtMf%»
crested such a sensation throughout tbe Ivlnrrd from lay experience with Bon Opto	J?*	deecriptl—a
'^##### #%%'%#
^rÿMSri	I-----
vsdnùssrfSs I asa,wa»ij|ff »« SBÿsgSEv,_
. ..a s?d^sn, Eirsrîrff crrt - •
At eight they would Ifeel shoo* he kept #* hand for n
P«* ,eTe^. family.*' Boa Opto bora, ia met a patent ae «tinge er It la aa ethlr*i pe#;oret1ee
Malted Bcrlay
Philadelphia, Pa.—“One year ago I waa very sick and I suffered with pains
HHBUEatfi# ÏS
crazy. I went to
differentdoctoraand Oh, tor be in Blighty! they all said I had I'm broken, blind, and sore, female trouble and My heart sure aches for Blighty, would not get any relief until I would be operated on. I had suffered for four years before this time, but I kepf getting worse the more month since I suffered with

rilled mid Iste at Home.
skillfully blended and processed make
was first
And I’m tired of blood and war.
And I think of the stone-paved village street,
And the bright-faced lassies so trim

Grape-Nuts
and sweet,
a moat delicious food In flavor aa well as a great body, brain and nerve builder.
And the old man driving the soft-eyed
cow
medicine I took, waa a young girl
Every I had
In Blighty—now!
Oh, to be in Blighty,
Now that summer’s there!
But I
never regular.
ment in the newspaper and the picture
whe had been saved from
__cant get back to Blighty,
nlctare waa im. I For the U-boat# won’t play fair . The doctor had ®° IH ®hift the arm that they're try—re days to make	. .,nf to
t&SEZXSSStS& ttîKÏWSfi =*.,
|&Mnkhmm . ^UbU^orr^oami «jj	In Blighty now.
WucvM^d r'.vL fJuVtur. lento A 1
hr MMS orim U noil cbo A a
* pocket, pot will rick up when odenected with almost any metal •orface ¦¦¦¦¦¦
an operation and this
rmed oo my mind, given me only two n
bave
Ho»
trou
the
.1
aw Usais are lasts a ad widely
•w ft very
»
t
Eileen Smith.
Oviï prhüfiai,
trial ! I.#V# en<l there la do doubt la my I set ¦tad they wflj come to the eeoelualon I I pain bava namely, that tie Bon Opto method tin.*
ly Boa wo to road at all. Now rarcfnl I thing without my g
nert eay m ¦
to
ittn
’ UÇ la
• /
VO it

creed to a serrât

you the
PS
r
z
opens the door for the cura
•'* * ’ d It any#: "The atmosphere nœmcd maleWlad
¦-1-------• has y with or without glasses bat after u-lng facturera i
«meat Is eo this proscription for 1» days everything '# per rest
¦tlpFHI er t+f -r 1 fhm

rautee It te
mo oyeemmt
it m 7*** "
a! bio to
with. The t
eae week's tl


Another who need It I *B	druarlatu. Including general
bothered with eye .Ua ’1 Tel" VoXfo' Tamb„n arJVBS

ky an
*t ho
of a
without
KD. 1.
iseui •?-’it.
###PAGE###8###
THE MARKETS
INSURANCE
EVERYiCAN*D^Ne|HOtUUmDSEEdTHEnCOUOTR^^PItAl
The SüawYille Boot M Shoe Slow
SHAWVI1LE
^ CENTRAL CANADA
Exhibition
Flour it et barrel 114.00 Wheat, pvi bushel, #‘«2.t0 to 2 L"* Oats, per buahel, 05c.
Beans per bushel, Sb.iO,
Butter tubs, prints ami rolls -7«5 But aloes per bag. 1.75,
Kggs per dozen 27c.
Wool, washed, 68c.; unwashed. Me Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Belts 75c. t o 1.75 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.70 Veal Skins, each 90c
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN
AM* BEST
I HE OLDEST
COMPAN IBS.
Economy in Shoe Purchasing.
OTTAWA
SEPT. 8 to 17

No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rate* and Particulars.
¦j
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
1917
raffia
ju»
breckenridoe
ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. 31.t
mi
FOR SALE.
Many people purchase low priced Shoes under the impression that it is Economy to do so ; but it is not
because low priced shoes
CONFEDERATION
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
Rhuimtkhkd AYHSM1RES and OxKoima
Y0U"“ "’O^U'IN AHMSTiÆ1" ‘°
Green Lake Stock Farm
9
HOUSE OF COMMON*. BURNED FIB. 3RD. 1816 NOW BE I NO REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
LIFE EST. 1871
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
$25.000
CANADA owes a debt, of gratitude to the fnrweeliie Statesmen who realized that the amalgamation of the four province*. Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick „ d Nova Scotia, would one day form a part of the great Empire.
HAVE YOV THE KOREHltiHT To PROTECT YOVR FAMILY ANU KK-CVRK THK1R FVTVRE WITH .	.	.
Economy,
Must necessarily be made from low
Priced materials—give half the wear
And cost more in the end than high
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon A Evening
VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOP-THE-LOOP AVIATOR.
$9,000 FOR HORSE RACING.
GOV'T. EXHIBIT.
an
For sale a property situated on the north side of Lang St., being lot No. HU. A good dwelling house, stable, kitchen and well. Very centrally located. For
p"tlculwrimtB.B.M,< VAn;. "I
Shaw ville, Que
DOG SHOW.
PURE FOOD SHOW.
Rjjf'TJr'T Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks British
advance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the
S H O W Forts at Kut-El- Amara.	_______•
Encourage Production of every Kind
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
J. K. Paisley, Mgr. & See*y
A CONEDERATION L lE-ltlltV ?
Grade shoes
4 4
Confederation Life association.
H. (J. ANUKHSON, Agent.
1». SEWELL KOflAKTS, Di< Man
Boost the Exhibition.
handle the best makes at
little higher than
We
Fun Salk—1 Singer Sewing Ma
chine a bargain
the
price very ordinary low grade shoes.
STEWART McClbnaghan, President.
(i. A. Howard
HAY ON SHARES
The undersigned offers a quantity ot good quality hay on shares to anyone deposed to undertake the work of reap
ln* ¦nd Sfl'îü?XCAN CA&BJr
Maryland
Nervous Children.
In seeking a remedy for nervous and delicate children very often you will find that It Is sleep and not drugs that Is needed.
Tn a sense sleep is really more important than food. The sick often survive little to eat, and the results
Buy your Footwear from us and be Convinced of its superior quality.
Low Prices . .
Are the ruling features of our store, wljile the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
FOR SALE
on very	—jp
from medicine arc not always successful, but sleep is what is depended upon to regain health and strength.
Sleep is the secret of prolonged youth. There is nothing more beneficial to health or that can compare In value to natural and refreshing sleep.
P. E. SMILEY.
1 New Single Buggy 1 Good 2-Sea ted Buggy l Set Single Harness \iso some other tools and othei
\pply to
MRS. KNIGHT, Shawville.
small articles
Vh|n' the light of the examples given above, as well us of liiindi eu* ic from us as j uf other instances on record, it i-Kastman's K<>- safe to conclude that a tail* method cur finishing a is to test a comporte sample oi
five or -ix milkings taken at intei-vals when the cow is in normal FmE—Mrs. William Horner, of condition. This plan has given
ftVoNÏÏuîy l‘tîre'titïwn^Tiidlî SÜÎuï daily divi^ib'ott^ o'clock oil Monday evening, -up- wfl. Write for full pavticulai -, ^ posed I y from lightning, as a heavy tjmt your good cows max not ^ ptorm passed over that section misjudged on an isolated t<-t.
about the time the fire started. Dairy Division, Ottawa.
Local and District.
FOR SALE
A Persian Bridge Story.
There ore few rivers in Persia, and not many of these are bridged. Yean wealthy woman built a bridge stream near the capital city,

You can buy t from any city deal
daks and supplies, specialty. —I
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
At old prices - -
\i
H. 1 mi son, Photo Artist
ago a
.7 Single Top Buggies 1 Express
I Low-down Manure Sprendei slightly used

over a
and then, thinking that this should have been done by the shah, she pro... nounccd a curse upon any king who Siiau \ i c shouU1 ever crosa (be bridge. It is said
that no Persian ruler has ever had the
hardihood to venture upon it, and it is
_	said there is not money enough in the
¦ I will bo In my former office (New Dr. ki g(3om t0 bire ouc t0 do so.-Los An-
tears	ws;
accounts with debtors. After this date all accounts w ill be placed in a collector * hands
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
I L. HOIKÎIN9,
NOTICE
sisspi shessf
cent ivun outlook along thv rail-	l'
way-in the Eaniley flats, through
mu m mm
indication that a bumper harvest too late to save, will be gathered.
During the thunderstorm last
Monday Mr. Ben Church, ot Haley’s Station, was struck dead i»y lightning. He was loading nay at the time, and one of the horse* was also killed, the other being badly injured, while the load ot hay was burned. Mr. Low, who was forking the liny w as stunned with the lightning and on recover-iug himself, found the hay on hic with the dead man on top the only mark on the body wan caused by a watch which Mr. thuuh carried at his waist band. The trouser leg and the boot were also cut open and the wagon reach was split by the lightning- Mr. t hiirch leaves a widow and three small children, the youngest only three months old, for whom much sympathy is expressed. The funeral took place c n Tuesday at Haleys Station.
nr
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Properly Punished.
••Young gentlemen, do not get into the Tj	MO
habit of betting,” said the professor to I J-# WA bis class. “No kind of bet is excusable.
In fact, every bet is a sin as well as a mark of vulgarity. Have nothing to do, young gentlemen, with a bet of any kind.”
•«That, I suppose, puts a finisher on old friend the alphabet!” exclaim,
ed one of the students.
The professor smiled blandly upon the young man and gave him fifty extra lines of Creek.—Pittsburgh Chron-
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
J. W. ARMSTRONG
Heifer Astray
Strayed or taken from the Cameron pasture, near Murrell*, about 1st lune, a year old Holstein Heifer, spotted Mack
• : 4 white feet. Infonnatlon
C. H. Hodge,
Macdonald College Demonstrator
Custom Sawing1.
and Whitt .	... .
that will lead to her recovery will be re
werd.... '"e Und,TigD!HORS*R
OUT
Patriotic Fund
The years subscription is due Aug 1st. Will all subscribers kindly j*ay before the 10th of the month ? Account#* require v th< 15th inst.
* All subscribers will please act prompt
W. A. Hodgins,
Treasurer.
Teacher Wanted
SPECIALS
FOR
SATURDAY
August 4th at Dovers
X Protestant Lady Teacher, holding Elementary Diploma, for a term of eight months for Litchfield l pper School. Application* to state salary and to lie in the hands of the undersigned before the 15th of August, next. JOHN STEVENSON,
Icle.
to be audited and re|#orts sent in
an
“Bishop of the Philistine#/*
Dr. Brent, bishop of the Philippines, Is one of the most learned prelates of the American church, lie has repeatedly declined promotion to important Sec.--Treasurer. I bishoprics, including that of Washington, because he prefers a missionary • ufe and ids present difficult dloceefc The unfamiliar title he bears lias sometimes created a comic confusion which I hereby give notice that trespawdng I annealed to his keen sense of humor
wh‘,soever |B 1olblMo'n“ I during visit, to Euglaud. He « a. vue,
styled “bishop of the Philippian#/ On another occasion a flunky furnished sensaticsj for a west end draw.
lord
iy
on or
Campbell# Day, July 19, 1917
OBITUARY,
Mr. John Young, eldest brother ol Benjamin and Silas Young, (formerly of
Shawville) diet! at the («encrai Hospital. |n anv manner I	I
at Vancouver, June 11th, aged 57 years. on Lot 16, Range 9. Clarendon. Any Hi, wife ,>mlt,va*ed him «en ye«, ago fourni ^%"^^noUee leave .6
at Ottawa.	(;. a. HOWARD.
While working for the C . P. R. a* cm shawville, ^uly 30, 1917. repairer he took asthma two-and-a-half ----------------- • -
year* ago and has been ailing ever since. Father* and mother*, it is your duty He leaves four daughters " , to your children to present them each Wheeler, of Webb, Saak.; Eva, Alms a photograph. A family group is and Inna of \ aneouver, and two sons tbe most appropriate.
Walter, of Edmonton, and Harry m a|	H. Iwison. Photo Artis
hospital in England, having been wounded in France.- Com
Notice to Trespassers
em
We are going to make a slaughter on our
Summer Goods to clear them out, so here
for bargains for shrewd buyers :
some
Ing room by announcing the
bishop of the “Philistines."—Westminster Gazette.
August Rod and Gun.
Bonnyrastle Dale writes of experigees with wild tow 1 ou tin* Pacific Coast in the August of Rod and Gun, which is now the news-stands, while in The
letter of the Law, Leslie Hayward describes enterUincly the exjierience of a typical Maritime province guide with a troublesome party in New Brunswick wood*. A Day’s Falling in Te ma garni records a ]»erfectly watUtactory outing by a number of Torontonian*
on one of the dog d*ys	*
summer. Other articles are Km g of the Stream, Canoe Racing, The Prairie Chicken, The Criminal, etc. In addition departments devoted Guns and Ammunition, The ip. Fishing. Kennel, etc., are well maintained. This representative Canadian sportsmen s iniblica-tion is put out by W. J. Taylor, Limited. Publisher, Woodstock, i >nt
goes
Mount Genevieve.
From Mount Genevieve, a peek In
issue
Oil
can see
Gilpin county, Colo., a person	.	^ ,
Into five states. On a clear dny the ob- | Ladies’ white Skirts, reg. f 1-5-0
can discern the Uintah moun-
98c
When Drink le at the Bottom.	______MKKM	I
In a large proportion of caeca," says	0f eastern Utah, the Medicine
A Year s Work on the Western | a contemporary, "drink is found to lie Bow ^geof Wyoming, the tips of tbs
at the bottom of the trouble when acd- Cockles In New Mexico and tbe prind-_ .	, c J . . — dents to Joy riders occur.” Quite so, pâJ	0f Colorado. The plains
London, July 30th. — Summarizing iQd at the bottom is tbe man outside itretchlng away to the east are quite events on the Western front since the of ^ drlnklt while on top oftentimes Dlalnly visible clear Into Nebraska.— 1sit tie of the Somme in July, litlfi, Ken- ^ #	ot tona 0f twisted metal, gênant,
ter a correspondent at r rench head- ioœe combustible upholstering, s tank quarters shows that the Anglo-rrench	roeol|ne wltb a broken feed line and
armies during the 12 month* took pris	Bn*rk
oners 170,000 of the enemy, of whom	¦*"
89
Middies
• I
U
80
ll
Waists “ Underskirts “
ii
War Front
95
75
«	“ N. Gowns “
Men’s Straw Hats (Sailors) as low as
75
Dwarf Trees.
Dwarf trees are suited to small gar.	, dena. They occupy little space, are
*> were officer*	”	easily cared for, bear sooner than
«JÜ 3ÏÏ?.ÎS3» -Æ -w. ... ».	. I1<» °.l, Men'. Tweed Top Raine».!,, reg. 12.00
and forceil the enemy Jo «ibamhm | ,owbrow and a bonehead ?"	: ^ be used In espalier forms, trained
Tee, 1 did," answered Senator Bor- | ^ buildings, fences or trellises.
95
Men’s Sport Shirts, reg, 11.25
to
Trn
9.35
4.35
one
1 lot Men’s Raincoats (special) to clear at 1 lot Men’s Suits, extra jood at $1*2.00, to clear at
Special Values in Men’s Felt Hats.
hundred miles of fortified front. |	^
uijieriority of the Anglo French j fhum. j ham steadily increased, while re |	the Insult"
.... combats have *hown that the	_____________________
morale of the French is am high mi'i diagnosis."—Washington star.
their fighting spirit as keen am ever.	------------------
The m
7,95
He resents the Insult"
That was no Insult That was a
•nr.i*’* cent
Afraid
Tes, 1 proposed, but she said i d bave to esk her mother first"
"And did your
"No; I was afraid tbe mother might
McsNHHHIi^^HIlHi
Are Good Cows Misjudged.
Recently three cows that stood Hide by side were tested for nine consecutive milking* :	The_ fir*t
jmm had an average test of 3.7 per cent of fat, the maximun and rain-mum tests being 19 and •» .>.
The second eow had an average for the nine tests of 4.2 with maximum and minimum tents of 2.4 and 5.4. The average test for the third
2.tt, with extreme- of 2.0
The Dull Men.
Tbe doll man has no Imagination. He does not possess tbe faculty of putting himself In the other man's place.
P. m, *£2*1	| k: ztoT™: zsz
be cbarltabla.—Arnold Bennett In Wo-
Be sure to attend our Saturday Sales.
Caretakers Wanted
COW
Tenders will be received till 6 o’clock,
Gradual
My dear, can't you manage to a silk duet cloak T He-By degrees, darling I'll bave to begin by
I —=
KIV '
Awt N
Reboot Mu. Cl hawville, July 17, 1917.
fear
ARCHIE DOVER
M...1
cow was
Hence it is evident that the laudable dewire to know what a certain cow’s milk test*» for fat may be defeated entirely if only one ml»le is run through the ms*
lailj
Ne Change.
Patience — Isn't ft remarkable
i Match.

n
g am in
bow 1 gut m/ wife.

Tr
hasn't changed It in ten
"i
r
-

