###PAGE###1###
O
No. 23, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 29,1917.
«1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
Tf|e Merundiiid Ban^ of Canada
tt
ESTABLISHED 1874.
THE HARDWARE STORE
BANK
B»t»Mi»ke4 1894
Capital - -
Rest - -
$4,000,000
4,750,000
OF
officers:	.
Sir II. Montagu Allan, C. V. O. 9 K*. W. Black wall.
E. F. HfiBDBN,
D. U. Mac a row.
OTTAWA
president^H
vice-president ..
MANAGING directoi»
GEN. MANAGER
IF you GANT Fleur
BUY A VICTORY BOND
• •
• e
00 Branches In Canada,
• #
« #
ê #
f
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets
«7,000,000 7,421,292 121,130,558
235 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
FARMERS ATTENTION I There are. uo doubt, many who have a eurpltis of feed and would rather “ stall-feed ” thnn «ell at the prevailing prier»; We advance stall-fed cattle.	? '
jXIN0 K •rKre y”1 cultlvjting tills habit in these unsettled times ? Our Savings I)ept. will he found a great convenience, lleposits, no matter how small, receive careful attention.	!
Any branch of the Bank of Ottawa will help you to
buy and hold in safe-keeping
• •
# e
5-g per cent Interest and all Canada as security.
This is the testing time, Prove yourself a man By doing Your Bit In some way.
CANADA’S VICTORY BONDS
money on
Fort Couloxob Branch. Campbkllh Bay Branch. Portagk du Fort Branch,
A. McLatchik, Manager.
R, Lkoer, Manager.
O. M. Colqchoux, Acting M arr.
011V
Branche» at Shawville and Qnyon.
w. F. DRUM A. A, R BID
» îmïï
n.. -ri.. i	- ....	H. IxidoN, Photo Artist.
S.WNë^I5E
• 1
anager, Shawville
anaftr, Quyon.
• #
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND " Canada’s Best
" SCHOOL
J. H. SHAW.
P. S.—Glass, Putty, Hay Wire.
¦¦¦¦
Xma.< Photos. -I mil givu U ^otoJ ee.n battle inFmn'I''^ " "" ,,h^i ' 'u o*n°,“m I n£Hth« enùrê" >olr “
:ss!zz:l::
loagy.	IMIHON, 1 hoto Art lut. 1tlire on the Flowery Kingdom" in colleges have in the past Joined our claws
St. 1*11111*8 Church on Monday even- ee«. N1'imes ftnf* addresses are available, mg.	J	Students are assisted to position*.
*	1 We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
Iwinl. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
COWLING
Ottawa. Ont.
' ®
OTTAWA, ONT.
(B
Has proved Itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ings Advocate.
W. A. HODGINS
The Bristol H. M. Club will hold their monthly meeting at the home
of Mrs. Alex McLeod, Bristol vill- Rev, Joseph Burton, the new on Thursday, Dec. Oth, at 2 Incumbent, of North Clarendon, o clock. Program A demount™- conducted the services at St. tion on carving and trufling of nuYn Church on Sunday, while fowl, by Mrs. Macfarlane, of Mac- the Rector held Communion ser* donald College.	vice at Charters in the morning and
EKassS^ gggggg
SiESSSs 5iîc i^sS.............................F'Sl
something of a curiosity, were he A Hox Social will b. held at Mr. and Mrs. James H. Horner, influenced by some of the remarks Bristol Mines, in the School House, of Shawville, Que., announce the made on Nomination day, and sub- o,11 Friday eVeuing, Nov. :»th. engagement ot their eldest dnugh-sequent newspaper comments. As 1 roceeds in aid of clapboarding ter, Mary Catherine, to Albert W. a matter of fact, however, there is «no painting church. Admission, Myres, of Ottawa, son of Captain uothing new nor strange about it. », cents. Ladies bringing iioxes and Mrs. William Myres, of North In 1802 Mr. David Gillies was ac- admitted free. A cordial invita- End, Portsmouth, Eng. The cep ted by the Liberals as their tiou is extended to all. The ladies marriage to take place early next candidate, although he announced nre particularly requested to month.
himself a straight Independent, supply boxes.	-----
Again in 1892, the late Hector Mc-l>ean ran as a straight Independent, in deference to the wishes of some frien
*•
&
SHAWVILLE
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks St*.
XV, B.Gowlinu, H.G. W. Braithwait. President.
Principal
Wanted at Once.
EXPERIENCE
vs.
EXPERIMENT.
learning office work la like learning any other kind of work or trade oi pro fe«*ion.
Grocery Dept
ce
?
| Machiniste are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
!fcjyt..of8e¥5C£s of the Graduates of XV illts College Is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the beat courses available anywhere.
Last year our Increase was 45%. This year to date Is even better. Still Employ e^.Demayls Exceed the Number of Willis Gradual
Teas have advanced 10c. per lb. in the last six months, and the trade papers tell us
the end is not yet.
#
In Black Teas we have to follow the market as we cannot obtain any surplus stocks, but in Japans we have a few chests of our old popular 30c. line. This won’t last long when people realize it is worth the present market 40c.
COFFEE
Mathewson’s Famous No. 1, 45c lb.
" 2, 40c lb.


N, I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont.
Street, entrance between
Willis College
130* Spark*
Ketchum * & Sims.
A position for every Willis Graduate.
a
Deaths
HELP VICTORY LOAN BY
rtAaS* kM I	H1m YOUR BILLS
him wheu they got the oppor- There are thousands of retail
»v. saysjissaX‘2
elarnation, it warn due to the fart ou* Canada,especially in the smaller that he agreed to give the Flynn I towns and villages, who would glad
IS '! "-f : T,;hc
pendente is certainly not new in	* icWry Bond*, if it	were not for
Pontiac, and some who are now	the amount of money	they arc car-
sneaking contemptuously of Mr.	rying on their book* and the uncer
Kantien, were among the most	+ - .	.. ?	.1	•	Lr ..	...
ardent and zealous supporters of lnty a v\ much of it will
the gentlemen - named when they ** paid. The farmers who deal
ran as Independents.	| with these local merchants and
traders are not the least blameablc in this respect, for they are apt to let their accounts run until convenient to pay them, while the merchant, knowing that payment ultimately is certain, is unwilling to press them.
If everyone during the last week of the campaign would make an effort to pay bis bill to the local* merchant or tradesman, the latter would be glad to increase their Victory Loan subscriptions. Thou- Percy Lynch, son <>f Mrs. Andrew sands of farmers have received sub-	Lynch, of Starks	Corners, aged 25
stantia) sums of	monev	for their	7e*f*» who	employed as a	I fiQNCRBTKCULVBRTS PIPES AND
, V	,or	brakeman on the	C. N. R , receiv-	v curbing» for well» sold at Work»
produce and are	able to pay their	ed Injuries on	Monday of last	Contracts made with Municipalities to
accounts before December 1st just Week, while on duty, which re-	VwtL km?*	qkTw J ni*!0^2'
a* well as afterw.nl.. If you are ^ j" hi, death- some time H T McOow.ll* So„.Sh..,Ul -frj. ¦	|	.	later. The young mans remains
" " iititi
tend the obaequie,. The funeral ,nt lb<* unt*1 Jen took place to the Starks Corners Presbyterian church and burial ground on Sunday afternoon, the
Rev. W. H. McCallum officiating. M. J. O'Brien Ltd., are taking There was a large attendance, and over the flour mills at one time much sympathy was manifested operated by the Renfrew Milling for the bereaved family. A beau- Co. The plant will be placed In an tlfnl array of floral tribute*, in- up-to-date condition and the Ren eluding on exquisite wreath from frew mill* will be one of three the Brotherhood above mentioned mills linked in the milling business,
I testified to the esteem in which ! one at Saskatoon, one at Stroroe, à he deceased was held. ¦___I Alberta and one at Renfrew,
»
r
Athol Dale, the 11 year old son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Dale, of Ottawa, died at the hospital on Saturday, while about to undergo an operation for an internal ailment from which the boy had suffered for some time. Accompanied by his parents and gramlfathei, Mr. R MeJanet ; also uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs Arthur Dale, the remains arrived here Saturday night and were conveyed to Mr. Mc-Jaii ’t s home at Vann. The funeral took place Monday afternoon to Shawville Methodist church and cemetery. Rev. Mr. Cook, of Yarin conducted the service.
Brown Optical
on
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
((
H
552 Sr. Catherine West


UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.

Fancy Barbadoes Golden Sugar Syrup 10 Sea Trout Cranberries
10c lb.
Pie. Amy Returns.
Pte. E. G. Amy, a former resident of Shawville, Was among the arrivals ¦¦
Mr. John Lyon, a well-known />ht On Main street, ShawwlU* a
and highly esteemed resident of	rf|îlljV,Hm8 A chetpic for
Arnprior, | Missed away suddenly	l* will olilige by leaving at
on Friday morning of heart failure. thui Deceased was 88 years of age and
was one of the pioneers of Arn-| kor SALK—One 3-year-old cow. due to prior, coming here from Aberdeen, calve early in March next, a good bea»t Scotland, over fiO years ago when I and at right price. Apply to R. J. Black. the town consisted of a few log Shawville. houses.	! -
18
¦ on Friday evening !#&*% and all old friends were glad to sec him looking so well, after the ordeal he has gone through in doing his bit at the front. Whilst now in the enjoyment of good health, Ernest bears the evidences of the tremendous conflict in which he took part, first in Bejgium, then at the Somme, where he was first wounded, and latterly at the gallant capture of Vi my Ridge, where he was permanently disabled by having his right foot smashed by shell explosion. Following that misfortune he was sent hack to England, where he has since remained up to the time he sailed for Canada, meantime, however, taking occasion to visit his parents on the Island of Jersey.
,« ffarsasarîf J" «5 r- 5B S
Brandon. Arriving in England he	opportunity he no doubt desires to
was drafted into the 44th Batta-	subscribe for all the Victory Bonds
B%um whèT hJ'Zlnld «U	thst	T*
months. Subsequently he took	far8*t 10 subscribe yourself to the
pert in the campaign on the	utmost of your power. R&triotiwm
ome, an	p
?Imy, as already stated. He says no one who has not been there can form any idea of the awful daaota-tkm *iid ruin which prevails mnghont the battle scarred
20
Robin Hood Rolled Oats in
Pkg.
FOB SALB-
_ J ¦ L I pair of heavy Clyde t/olta. 4 years old at bargain price*. Apply to Jas. Arm8TRo.no, Shawville, or at Green Lake Farm.
Lay in your supply soon. In a short time you will not be able to get any.
Died from avaries.



Royal Purple Poultry Food
Stock Food

a

one of them, during the last week in November

We expect a good supply Sugar in a short time.
of
H. I Miron, Photo Artist.
W. A. HODGINS
for only by a heavy over su bar rip m of the Victory Bond the prosperity of the farmers, the retailers and all other c Canada’s population be assured
m

a of

###PAGE###2###
Lifcsfe
Seems a very large number of cups to get from a pound of tea. But that proves the fine quality of Red Rose Tea, which goes further and tastes
better because it consists chiefly of rich, strong
(he famous district of Assam in
250
: I
I
r
Repels Colds, Chills, and Influenza
teas grown in Northern India.
a Course in household science complete- in
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.

WlQ
watchers who had been on duty all
ill
da
'l'he hut
A pound of Red Rose gives 250 cups.
Kept Good by the Sealed Package
I I was located in a grove, with
tu.oiiv, 1 uiuhman, who had been how and what you are doing. Modern
ffuTSTSSSSti.as StRKd“r*"d""»
P»l|
«...,	Isisy-ü 3«H5S3i
Having worked their way through Xctncitv when Assure'w^'snnlW When the 8torm was over and the sun The t,me allowance should be from Pat was still lying insensible upon the the bars, the Apaches lowered a rope, t exnlodimr k,.v t m.Vifv. îî ha(* come out he returned to his grind- thirty-five to forty minutes for med- ground, beside the chief of the secret which Pat tied under her arms. In a th,ir work nZiiiv ^T mg. He found .hat the sodden mass ium-sized loaves, weighing about six- service men whom she has so heroical-twinkling the girl was hauled up to ° •	* Jl in tiL	**2 that waa the grain before the storm teen to eighteen ounces before baking; ly rescued from the burning ruins of
***¦*
in measuring blows with their oppon- Searching the one big room that occu- spring and the other as winter wheat.1 that £ be w*rke(j without sticking sent day emphasis to Lytton s The
ents for any one of them to break pied the ground floor of the hut with Spring wheat flour contains the larg- | to the ban(js Thjs method is quicker, Pen !s mightier than the sword." And away from the tight and take after the their electric torches, the officials est percentage of gluten. This spring because jt is ‘possible to have the bread this great army is growing at a tre* escaping girl. In the few seconds made a careful inventory.	wheat is ground into two dirtinct fi, ished in about four and three-quar- ! mendous rate. ?,OOP,000 recruits were
that passed while Pat ran to the street The gleam of the lights upon a wire varieties, known as soft spring wheat, ters hours. This method gives very added last year by the Waterman
building of the prison, a passing taxi- promptly cut it—and thereby saved I which is the hard winter wheat flour» may be	when the water ia used. Waterman,, a native of Decatur. N.Y.,
cab fitted into her purpose. Hailing the lives of himself and his men. and the soft winter wheat flour. The ^filk increases the food value of the the chauffeur, she had jumped onto Underground the anarchists were last-named flour contains a large per-, |)rejMji The milk must always be the running-hoard before he had time debating just how soon they should ccntage of starch. It is used for	an(j coo]ecj before using.
IS	any-	I	*¦««•
where," and the girl accentuated her enemies. When one of their number J?ust he blended. 1 he fa^y P*te"1 Sift the flour and then set it in a
Tl uti&x 52SÜ5 ftrari'Æsss S51 OpAWsa.
%‘S S' ..s±S: "**• «"	1,k"
ÎE 5 EBE'- EJEHHH
—
The shot was true, and when the bul- purposes—first, to flavor the bread bread, weighing, after baking, about let struck ita target the nitro glycerine amj make it palatable, and also to seventeen and one-half ounces apiece, fell a few feet away from him and ex- supply one of the mineral elements es- and ten rolls.	|
sential to the human body. Second,
Lesson XVIII. Bread
Baking
PUDDLE
mask
Qp (irace Guvcxr-d
.4
The baking of the bread will require It must not be placed in an of uncertain temperature, then
care

The oven should register 326
Novelized ftvm the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
scene,
The Jorian Valley
H| IWhaMtfW
i—Mhlnvwtint». Man •re Intel there. 1er—e
h

fiSSiRf
4
NftMa| ef the tt| crept tlet Ice. /keel lew; terme «ear.
FIFTEENTH EPISODE
III — hr
1 a. surra. u. a w—h«i âü.>
. OaUe FmIIIc Syetee ISIS, D. P. Bide.. 0-4ka. Kek
PARKER
Cleaning and Dyeing
The postman and the expressman bring Parker Dyeing and Cleaning Service right to your door. We pay carriage one way.
Our exceptional facilities ensure promptness as well as absolute thoroughness,
you think of cleaning or dyeing think of PARKER’S.
Write for booklet.
Be sure to address your parcel dearly to receiving dept
PARKER’S DYE WORKS
LIMITED
791 YONGK STREET TORONTO
?
THE MIGHTY PEN
when
Â.
began making fountain pens by hand In a little shop behind a cigar store in New York City. His output waa 200 pens a year.
41
MANUFACTURER'S OVERSTOCK
To be
WHOLESALE PRICES
Beg. $50
to go
at
An exceptional opportunity to set a flrst-claee machine at a bargain. Equipped with A.l Motor, Universal Tone Arm Hat play# all makes of record» and Tone Control for full or modulated volume. | all the features found priced machines.
Bnlsh. 41 in. high.
One year guarantee with each machine.
not as represented return within 10 ye and get your money back.
Price while order or C.O.b.
Has. in fact on the higher The case Is in mahogany
Si
hours
they last SIS cash with
Q. D. ROBERTSON
I
77 BAY ST,
TORONTO.
Hold Del Coronado
FIELD CASHIERS l SàsSSH'â
Straight Dough Method.
Two cupfuls of water, 80 degrees
Coronado Beach, Californio
Near San Diego
POLO, MOTORING, TENNIS,
BAY AND SURF BATHING,
FISHING AND BOATING.
18~Ho/e Goff Courte
Hotel is equipped throughout with Automatic Sprinkler System.
ISCTS43 zxur*:	SkSiaSra
AMD
paymasters i	sii'iS***.*¦.¦«s^SrssZrâlE
! »."™s?S5ilSST»!	----------1 *•»• c^rr?;
shock of the explosion likewise threw Temperature is the controlling fac- ul*td	now aix CUP/U‘8
her to the ground. Men in such try- tor in successful bread-making. The	flyw	* *vA° doukrh aml t'H‘n
ling times nave been known to be far room in which the bread is made must *nehf1 wH1 for hft*‘en ™l,!lltvs , i more excitable than women, and in be free from all drafts. The proper niust now be smooth omt elastic. Put this case Pat was the coolest person temperature is 78 degrees Fahrenheit ,!} • greased bowl and set to rise in a in the panic-stricken crowd.	in summer and 80 degrees in winter.i p!m< - frw 'rpm all drafts, with a tem-
When the girl scrambled to her feet Use a thermometer and eliminate the per at u re of 80 degrees Fohrenheit '•the first blaze of the burning cabin at- guesswork.	three hour*. At the end of this
tracted her attention. To her utter By this is meant that the dough tune mold into two nves. Put in horror she fancied that she saw, must be worked sufficiently by rolling greased pans and let rise ngair for through the open door, a man in the and kneeling, if made by hand. If a fifty minutes. Now, bake in an oven Frenchman’s hut wave his arms in breadmixer is used the bread must be of 825 degrees 1 ahr?•i.hnt f r thirty-sign of distress and then fall to the worked for the period of time as per five minutas.
floor.	*	instructions as supplied with th ma- This amount of dough makes twd
Pat wasted no precious time in de- * chine.	loaves of bread, that will average
riding what she should do. In mad Time for hand manipulation is from about fourteen ounces apiece, or <mv leaps she covered the ground and fifteen to twenty minutes and from five loaf and eight rolls, weighing two dashed into the burning hut A few! to ten minutes when using the mixer. ' ounces each.
"RmS. «.«.	- '“••iswssss.tsjtt^s.rts
###
ÏÆÆSt Sàïlft ÛÏ'&SZZ « —X
“Me man she had so fearlessly res ^
quickly driven sway, headed ip began to direction Pat had taken when she tice to t
IN FRANCE
CASH
DOMINION EXPRESS FOREIGN CHEQUES
it
AMERICAN PLAN
JOHN J. HERMAN,
THE BEST WAY TO SEND MONEY TO THE BOYS IN THE TRENCHES
Manager
?
Machinery For Sale
Many People Make a B-Line
M.
the flames
1 WHEELOCK ENGINE, 18x42.
N** Automatic Valve Type. Complete with eupply and exheuet piping, flywheel, etc. Will accept $1,200 oaeh fer Immediate sale.
1 ELECTRIC GENERATOR, 30 K.W, 110-120 Volta D C.
Will accept $42» cash for Immediate sale.
1 LARGE LEATHER BELT. Double, Endleàn. 24 inch x 70 ft
Will accept $100 for Immediate sale, although belt le In excellent com
Tt

Houi
’ h# House

«
arrive in
T
to. The

ing
old,
th
dit Ion end new one would coat about $$00.
the wagon was less than half a
down the road at
M
mile away, tearing < speed, the noise
the flare of the fire as the flames
police party what had bee The chief ordered several
PULLEYS, Large size.
al po- full and ft and
fl BM
;	1*%x4#-$l* ;	1
2 BLOWERS OR FANS, Buffalo make.
THE WALKER HOUSE
Termm i Wemm* He+t
SIXTEENTH EPISOn3
t h •* police that they failed in their ^Hiryose
had, in a

he patrol.
addition^lo the hand of secret
After running several blocks, the But The battle with the police, 1 *•*id«*’ patrol waa halted by a policeman, who ,J*rnn
the prison wall, was spirited, brief and, had Just received telephone erWB.-- — -------------_ .
Tbe Apache. made deeper-] from headquarters, directing the]ably «tunned by the
REAL ESTATES CORPORATION, LTD.
t
now consider
i:

decisive






###PAGE###3###
MAKING BUTCHERING EASIER
Used in Millions of Tea Pots
Every Leaf is Pure
Every Infusion Is alike delicious
Dail
»
Methods That Take the Drudgery Out of Hog-Killing Time.
By Mrs. L. E. Armour.
When we butcher hogs we prefer ». ter the second time
%
the second
clear, cool dey, with the wind from grinding the seasoning may be added the north
ïyarVîïS " "C	zfizxsx r r-ryss
are to be dressed, they are not all j tract to make it suit your own taste: I •umclent general Interest, It will be answered through this column. If killed at the same time, as standing	One ounce fine salt, one-half ounce of	lfla	pad	a/1d addressed	envelope Is enclosed	with	your	letter,	a complete
seems to impair the flavor, but to	black ground pepper, and one-half	Co	lL	2abÎJn?,!!d	l?	y?“e	Address Agronomist, care	of Wlleon Publishing
make good time we aim to have one	| ounce of powdered .age. If the red	I '	78 Adelelde	8t	W-	Toron,° ¦
ready for scalding ae soon as the one	color of the meat Is desired a little
before it is finished. A small amount saltpeter will keep it.
of lime added to the scalding water	Mikine Sausages
will not injure the meat in any way,	*	1
and it makes the hair slip much more easily and the skin is whiter.
The carcasses are pulled from the scalding barrel! and put on a long platform which is a little lower at the end farthest from the barrel. This lowering of one end gives the water a chance to drain off, and the hair and scurf is more easily cleaned from the platform. The best procedure in removing the hair is to begin on the head and feet. These are the hardest to dress properly, and when they become cold they are an almost impossible task.
All necessary prépara- For four pounds of meat the following
By Agronomist
C.B
I* it possible to treat seed than a foot wide on either side. Dur-1,0 ** %» keep crows from de ing the first season the strawberries straying it? 2. How esn one eater-! should be frequently worked, rather Sausage for immediate use may be mlnate wild carrots? 3. What would deep at first, but shallower as the sea packed in crocks and jars. A very be the best seed to sow in the spring son advances, rarely exceeding a good method is to pack the jars tight to produce a small crop of hay next depth of 2% inches. After the ground ly and set in an oven and heat until year?	has frozen it is good practice to cover
mmamm
. A special stuffing machine is used to or jj	prevent the seed ' with cement floors have a hole left in
-«. ».... h* «	i tæ » isz jzz sss* tsar	'
end he must have shoe, to support ter judges than I, end I would be pre- heavy hog on the pole in the old way. mualin bags. It seems better if it is je,dg	, ley to control smut, take a barrel
hia ankles. Rompers will give him sumptuous indeed to advise in the cir- Our method 11 simple. The carcass lined a while, and after the drying we 'vent iu «ee-lim. 1 Prnh.h1v holding about 50 gallons of water, freedom and save on the laundry, cum,tances. On general principles, >8 rolled from 4he platform on to a pack it away in crocks and cover with best you can d o to » .uh. v ,rnn> rnm ‘ Add one pint of formalin to approxim-As soon as he is sufficiently trained however, operation is decidedly in- ”lronK chair. Two men can carry a lard. Mixed sausage is made by al- •	g	* P	ately 40 gallons of water. Mix this
(about eighteen months) drawers dicated in such a case as yours. In very heavy hog in this manner. The lowing one pound of lean beef and one fixture of oeas anH ,at« »	, t thoroughly, then dip the bag of barley
should be worn.	chronic appendicitis the local condi- hog may now be taken with a mini-j pound of fat pork to two pounds of eacb	ThL\*» «hmiM h*. rut 8eed *nto ibis mixture until it is compared shoes are best for a walk- tion is like so much dynamite in the mum of effort to the place where it is lean pork. It is handled the same as Ugt bef th *	.	.	• f	, pletely submerged. Raise the bag
ing child; but cannot be produced for a system, ready to explode on the occur- to be hung A number of devices pure sausage.	coIor at which timr thr m , u ill until il bas drained out and then resmall baby. When out of doors in winter rence of any strain or dietetic indis- may be employed to save the heavy In making souse or hog-head cheese, b f	1 submerge. Afterwards lift the bag
the chHd should have his ears well cretion. Possibly the other ailments lifting. The gambrel stick may be one head should be used with about ghou]d make nutritious*hav	i up so that the solution drains back
covered, and a bonnet with an inter- you mention may be much improved slipped out of one leg, put around the twelve feet. Boil them together un- p	y*	, | into the barrel and empty the sack
•lining should be used. A'thin sweat- in consequence of the operation. The P°,e» and reinserted in its proper posi- til they are perfectly tender, and re- Keader:—I wish to plant an acre in onto a cjean f]oorf covering the barer is a very convenient garment to use Tannic acid in the tea is very binding, tion. Then it is easily possible to move the bones. Mash the meat “traw berries in the spring, (an you |ey g0 treated with sacks or covers under tho coat on very cold days. Of course you are drinking too much Pu*b it up to a notch cut in the'pole, thoroughly, and season with salt, pep-, me advice regarding cultivation (	these on over night so as to
The child should never go out when of that fluid, 2 or at most 3 cups the which is used as an inclined plane. A per, and sage. Store in a deep pan as h,tj *®rk |H nvw Ut me- ‘Sml is,keep the formalin gas in among the the thermometer is under 16 degrees day are right and should be your block and tackle may be tied to the or crock until well cooled, and then it good c,ay ,oam*	,	kernels as much as possible
F. A fine piece of cheese cloth may limit. 6 glasses of water the day	bmb of a tree and the gambrel stick	may be fried, or sliced and served with Answer:—-In preparing a straw-	morning remove the bags and the gas
be made to fit the baby carriage, fas-, are enough.	tied to the lower pulley.	If a pair of	vinegar, as desired. Liver cheese is berry pate* next spring, thj ground	will quickly escape. 2. If sweet clover
tened on the hood; and this will guard	Cold Hands.	pulley-wire stretchers are handy, they made in the same way, using three should be worked as early as possible, js SOwn with care and the ground is
against dust and high winds.	I am having quite a time to keep are the best' 88 lhey have a Pa#ent livers, one head, and eight feet.	and the plants set in rows three to, well prepared and rich, it will last
The out-of-door clothing is depen- my hands warm. In fact I feel cold grip that holds the hog surely at	To prepare Livers	four fcet apart’ and from one to two for several years. Planting it with
iz «.vrc r--"—"- asnja%zrJr - „«vs M ssgi;1szsz
smm? £ a ~	ftsi-'ûWK	w pz I saw** ZJt Æ
ers ate obliged to rely upon their own ing several months, are due either to	d^awn intact. We place	a stick be-	of taking care of ^ and it jg an ex_ * raVl erry Plants. This can be sown	painting is not as necessary as that
judgment, or that of experienced nervous fatigue (neurasthenia), ane-	lween tbc nbs ^ hold the	sides apart,	t , appetizing food when rightly i b^°f<Jc®st ove^ the ground and work-	0f the outside, since the outside paint-
pss
™"	i**1«i«*
r tisvasrsLets: ¦—«	- - — -
skins are cooked alone. The lard fat	several day8\ After we	have left our j jt ig tjme to do away with extrava
is cut into small pieces and the sau-	mea5 in.rle	t”rea *°	gance jn feeding grain to stock. The
at foot	and	sides,	and	binding,	the	sage meat into chunks for grinding.	weeks , colder the	weather the	fact ^at grain is commanding tnor-
Don’t close your window top nor whole	securely	by	tucking	the	top	Recipes For Brine	Monger e leave it—we smoke it over	moug prjce8 jg sufficient reastn why gains on steers and Iambs are secured
bottom at night because you are cold, covering twelve inches under the mat- '	.	,	. .	_ a h^ kur> hre and Pavk 11 in rat’ its use should be limited. Profitable when silage and alfalfa or clover hay
but learn to keep warm with it open, tress at foot and sides. For stormy	, f	^ .TÎ or i [)mof receptacles, placing corn husks production of meat and economical are used largely in the ration. Swine
First arrange your room sc that you weather a horse blanket or quilt with p .	. ’ . j ' e. J pounds; between the layers.-wintering of breeding animals with- being fitted for market can not condo not sleep in a direct draught, but a canvas cover makes an excellent Î	’ J	• .lwo ounces;	?----------------------- out the necessity of a large amount sume any large amount of roughage,
if that is impossible, a simple device	Protection. Sleeping bags may be	.	.	8 .•	» P?“nd8e	UliSolve	Preserve Your Shoes.	of grain in the ration, is an added	but brood sows relish alfalfa hay, and
may be used. Cut a heavy piece of	bought at any department store, but a	T,.	g	^	1. °,o 11 .er’	.	c.	.	.......	..	reason why its use should be curtailed,	its use insures strong, healthy litters.
cotton six inches longer than the satisfactory one may be made ! hr™	^ pUced m the kettle and I Shoe trees will help to keep the in the dairy barn, roots, or forage Fillies and weanling colt, utilize
width of the window frame and eigh- home from a large quilt or blanket, or I b? 'gn	R " i mg pmnt, and cool-J shoes in shape. Frequent cleaning cropg gUch ag a]faIfai c]over, soy- alfalfa hay advantageously, while
teen inches wide. Tack it along its from a	made from flannelette , J? f ' . en wheî! !he meat I and shining will help keep the new	and cow.peag> may partly take mares in foal maybe wintered on that
lower edge to the window sill and with newspaper interlining. The bed j* P a(®< ,n a/ ean «rrel, joints first, finish. New lives every now and the place of grain. The best feed to ration alone. Breeding ewes that en-hook the upper corners to the window	should be heated by hot water bags	1,e	.	.	.!V,P°Ured °vef	l( and a	|tben ?r	fresh buttons will help to	keep,	uge ag a partja] substitute for grain is	ter the winter in good shape can be
frame. The window may then be	or hot water Jxittles before entering	£ean.c 0	h	ltd 0Vi‘r the top. of the	the nice	new look. Dont sit on	your	Hjlage por aI1 practical purposes, a	carried until lambing time without
opened wide, but the current of air and the covering must not be so ,r‘.e	,	. .	..	.	, fe^1 and dont scrapa your toes. ear e balanced ration for an average cow grain, provided they have a good sup-
will be directed upwards. In the fight that the feet are uncomfortable.	... e lard fat	!*	P aced \na tbe kett,e	rubber heels and change them when(gjvjng	fifteen t0 e^hteen pounds	of	ply of well-cured alfalfa or clover hay
day time, the shield may be unhooked plac® two pillows in the form of a V,	JU8t en®!lgh	wat**r added to ke,cP	tbey K^run down. Never dry your j mjlk ig	about fourteen pounds of	al-	and some silage for succulence
and dropped. '	allowing the head to rest in the angle. 11	l< king.e. Stlr constantly, shoes in an oven or on the radiator— ^a^a bay and thirty-five pounds of is imperative to feed neither moldy
Equally important is the bed. A The pillows will protect the shoulders. and add fire sufficient to keep it cook- this makes them stiff and unshapely corn 8iiagei No grain is necessary silage, nor silage made from corn cut thick mattress and pad should be suf- Do not pull the covers over the head/"*' VVe bring our sausage out by and uncomfortable, and you run the for that production. A pound of cot-1 too green, fleient under the sleeper, but if the Sleeping helmets may be bought, but ftbe ^re and grind it while we render | risk of burning the leather.
mattress is thin, place heavy wrap- a good imitation can be made from a * *r ' ^*"**9"***jh "f	- I /N. _ —	_ I The stockman who, in a panic, sells
ping paper under It. Flannelette wide toboggan cap pulled out to its p .	.	thl r.7 if d	A simple remedy for worms in hogs ( X	out at this time will not only lose
sheets may be used in preference to double length. Open one end, allow- . ,	., ' T,îl s neaf fhe is a mixture of wood ashes, salt, and	9/ ,J C / C-SiS**? J money on the disposal of farm rough-
cotton. The lighter the top cover ln* the cap to Pul1 down over the	combining air.s|aked lime, i.ixed about equal	M	, ages, but will lose in soil fertility and
the better. If down or lamb's wool head, and cut an opening large enough	" , , .	ore tne grinding as	^^g It will not do the hogs any in-	Pork	Without Corn.	will eventually be compelled to reare too expensive, a quilt made of two for the eyes nose and mouth. A com-	* n”er	8 %	jury if allowed to eat all they wish. Corn	is not absolutely essential for	stock at prices as high, or higher
layers of flannelette with an Interim- fortable hood may be made from any g .	,	‘ p \ ,lx ) This mixture will also help to tone the Pork and other feeds may be profit- than now existing
sr.-X”:	sr ->-¦____________________j==cl_ D„,n
For the outdoor sleeper a Klondyke	?-— •	1	_	____ ___________.________________ability, cost per pound and relative I HIGHEST PRICES PAID
feeding value
substituted for corn to the extent of two-thirds of the ration, when the cost per pound is two-fifths less than that
of corn altogether when the cost is the
Rye, at nine-tenths
corn
B 18»
Black, Green or Mixed
J Sealed Packets only.
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
By John B. Huber, M.À.. M.D
Dr. Huber will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If youf question Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns ; it not, It will be answered personally if stamped, addressed envelope Is enclosed. Dr, Huber will not prescribe for Individual cases or make diagnosis. Address Dr. John 13. Huber, care of Wilson Publishing Co., 71 West Adelaide 6t.. Toronto
What avail the largeet gifts of Heaven, when drooping health and spirits
go amiss.—Thomson.
BABY'S CLOTHES.
At about the
Avoid Heavy Lifting
At the first year
1. In order to treat bar-
in the
the Ifttom of the cement floor silo. This hde should lead off into a drain, but of courte should be closed before the ail) is filled get ivio the silage by thi* avenue and destroy much of it
bottom of 4he hIo will allow thji ough cleaning out of the silo.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Appendicitis.
I have seen 2 doctors; both tell I have appendicitis and one tells me I must be operated on cured without an operation? It pains me only at odd times and generally at night. 1 drink 9 or 10 cups of tea the day, besides about as much
1 have also varicose veins And I am constipated all the time.
1 )f 1er wire air will
The drain at the
me
Can I be
^fîDairYÏÏ
tonseed-meal fed on the silage will furnish the necessary protein, cow producing more than eighteen pounds of milk will need grain, the amount depending on the quantity of milk.
A
wa
ter
Less Grain For Live Stock.
On Winter Nights
In the feed lots the most economical
z
It
bed or a sleeping bag is necessary. The Klondyke bed is made by tucking
The British naval boot is of a light _	pattern, owing to ita being chiefly
the blankets under the mattress-pad used for deck duties.
Crushed oats can be
For POULTRY, GAME,
6006 A FEATHERS
write for
r?JNNY

T OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED .UMES
ticuUr e.
PI
Barley will take the plac t
on the good eggs in the incubator that
a decayed apple would'have in the,
midst of good ones. They throw off
a poisonous gas which is responsible
_	for many chicks being dead in the
Weak chicks are caused by the sajne eLen at hatching time. This also
things that cause a poor hatch says a causes bowel trouble, so common with lucceuful poultry woman. I keep incubator chicks, for which the in my tray filled with hatchable eggs by cubetor is not to blame testing them before putting them in the
i

IÈ
same per pound
the cost of corn, and frosted wheat at the same price, will take the \ lac j "f corn. When ground and fed as a meal, the grain sorghum* will displace c.rn in the ration if a trifle lower *1
prieeRRRMNMRRMNRNRNNRRRI
.hen one-fourth cheaper, hominy feed - hen one and one-seventh the price of com, and wheat shorts when one and one tenth the price of corn per pound. Millet can not be fed alone, but with a protein supplement. Rice bran can bv used when one tenth rheape- than com, no protein being needed. Barley feed, which has about the same feeding value as a mixture of wheat bran and aborts, can replace corn-meal j when costing the came. Millet, cull beans and rice bran tend to produce soft pork if fed too extensively
i

HIGHEST PRICES PAID
For RAW FURS
i
I
How To Make Successful Hatches
l
and GINSENG
N. SILVER
I
I


I
The same is true of millet
•t. Psal St. w
Reference. Union Bk. of Canada
I I fill every vacancy made by testing perf^tlon. on the inelde ef tile .hell",1	.'"he eame*’time Î
ZLfStitt. ZÆ11m l”"k',or- “*"»
fying lens. ' I test again in thirty-^ix hours, taking out all infertile eggs before they are injured. I try to keep my lamp dean and well trimmed, and
l
There are many im
I

i
§
#
l
eggs are needed; or, when I have as many as 60p eggs set, I fill a small machine just to draw fr
At hatching time, I take the chicks out every hour or §o, covering them lightly, but never allowing them to get hot enough to sweat, which Is always fatal. I am very careful about
the Incubator, as
# *
i
I
i
â
i
i
use the very bèet (fil. I keep the
I
temperature at from 102 degrees to 108 degrees the first two weeks, from
I
10S d,rr~. to 104d	tjolo-t lettinr cold eir )nt0
.t any time. Ne	ifCZ * «""f	“"h-tcM chick.,
except that which the incubator pro- In about forty eight hours I feed vide#; until the hatch Is well advanced, cracker-crumbs or bread-crumbs, plac-Then a wet, warm towel la laid over	.?• .cold ^ter and grit before
r

i

i
i
fr
To stop leakage through concrete, such as tunnel walls, clean the wall thoroughly and paint with a solution consisting of eight and three quarter pounds of sine sulphate dissolved in a gallon of water. The sine sulphate will act on the lime in the forming insoluble calcium sulphate


I
I



I



Inf «-til. err. I» the trey do not poison the sir, bet tfeey ere xery ml,
! lending Since they are colder i n,w *“ they will bring down
le
by
rr
«j
main, will spoil the hatch bv p ing chkks that otherwise rr > been strong and healthy. A lee<i chirk in the shell will have the
li
mn
Now, Kitty, you must toe the And act w*h dignity;
Or I will take your bushy tail,

*
the
the
¦
<

###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWMLE :
Motion -Comr’s Laughrvn ami Wallace—That Messrs. George Somerville, Isaac Mart ilk, Joseph Hilt and Win. J. Horner of No. 14 School be refunded half of the tax paid on valuation from Litchfield, to equalize amount paid with that of Clarendon ratepayers. —
Carried.
Motion Comrs. Harris and Tracy -That the following bills bo paid :
(1. F. Hodgins Co., supplies for the different schools,
Geo. Wainman, pi%*es fur N< school furnace,
T. A. 1 )ia|*'i', 2 cords dry wood putty, work, visiting schools,
C. 11. McCagg, wood, work, gins:
No. 2,
John A. Lang, work on out buildings. No. 13,
John A. Telford, 2 loads of slab wood, No. 11,
Alfred lbslgins, pine, N Joseph 11. Brown, slabwood No. 3, 2.U0 W. H Laughren, visiting schools, 4 00 Miss Wilson, No. 13, covered agate water pail and basin — ('arried.
Tenders for supply of firewood considered as follows : -
I —Chairman Drapai to 1 (»<*k up
10 cords
THE EQUITY.
n
o Y. B, LODOK, No. »04, meet* 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. Hodoinh, Rec. Secy.
SHAWVILLE. NOV. 29. 1917.
one
p righting' Men
wait qour answer
G. G. MoDoweu W. M.
O. L. No. 27. meet» 1st Tuesday of each
Edward Dalk W.M.
sir Wilfred Lmnvr has been nommât for one of the Ottawa seats and ul»<
1
In a previous election
East
Htieal game was resorted to
for the Lilier-
Rkg. Hodoins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets ou
the 14th of each month
H N. Hoduin*,
W. Cm op. in Com

• 12.39

me i
1
to w in both
tded. the liberal chief
rd
2.80
Mil
1
l
Ruo. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
9 15
u afterward» giving up 1 holding to (juvfx'v. vc<l again, or will the sand enough to
I
i \
J
it an
tie t )
9.50
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
l
Ktawa elect 1 iv how that their mandate i» not to lx*
juggling device t
2.00

r<
4.00

*vd
i mere
12 A, 2.50
/
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
l«vrty |
Austin Elmside
Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday,
ot each month.
A
i
ts anti eleven Lanner
were
Eight Vniom
» the latter all in Quebec
lamation on the 19th. .showing indicated pretty dearly that thi Aged chief of tl I 4 bend party knew how sentiment wa> running in

2.00

1
ted by
lin»
nee great
Ne
some. No tender hardwood required 2—Vomr Harris to lo«»k up some Not nder. 1
thanks to the projiagan worker and political
Is. hardwood
live province da of his present i iMituvr, Buurassix when lie turned
>
required.
:t John Cunningham, 15 e<B. hard \\ » " " I.
1 Comr Traey t No tender, required.
John Cunningham, lords, hard
w<hh1.
7 Clarence Cameron, V> eds. hard wood ; 2 cords pine. s>
S Clarviivr Cameron, 15 eds. hard wood ; 2 cords pine.
9 W. C. Belabor, 10 eds. hardwood. 10 —Jos. Stanley, 10 eds. hardwood.
11—	.1. A. Telford, 10eds. hardwood.
12—	A —Jas. Judd, 8 eds. hardwood ;
Alfred Hodgins, - cords pine. 12 B—Jas Judd, 6 eds. hardwood.
13—	Jno. A. Wig, 10eds. hardwood;
2 eds. pine.
14 Alex. Desjardins, 8 eds. hard
Gordon Elliott, 2 eds.
tier of joining a union win ninistration and decided t<
*n tl
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
o look up some. I.’» eds. hardwood
I ht* wrt
oppose
So 1 (jut
i • 4 et this broad Dominion
the Military Service Act. A maybe, but what of the
—fob—
Shawvllle and District
TO HELL FOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
pjJOW many Victory Bonds nave
bought ?
Have you put yourself to any real into buy Victory Bonds?
you
Mr. Vahill and those who supported him on Nomination day seemed to take it for granted that Mr. Bastion should naturally tiecome responsible for all the shortcomings which they laid at the
doors of the late Conservative Govern nient. A pec uliar course of procedure, this, surely, when it is considered that Mr. Bastion at the very outset made it clear that he was not the candidate ot
on an
lug. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also usent ! proposition# Hiodtoo! "## out fit. Rxcluslve territory. Literal commissions.
convenience
STONK and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
Ontario
Toronto
Have you denied yourself some purely
that you could
wood
liny particular party, but stood independent platform, pure and simple. Had he been a member of the last Parliament, even, there might have been justification for this course, but as
pine.
Next meeting at call of chair.
M. A. McKinley,
Asst. See.-Treas
personal gratification, so invest the money saved in Victory Bonds?
c
I
SY
I
Pte Lester Lett Wounded
une
he was not, what was the purpose of all that declamatory outburst ! The late Conservative Government is not on trial in this election. It is the policy
I
c
W
Editor Equity
4
The sole heed of a family, or any male
was at the coni-
Shawville, Que.
Dear Kditoi, 1 received an official cable Nov. 7th, saying my son, Private Lester, of the 38th Reserve Battalion, had been wounded—shot in the shoulder—and taken to the Australian Ambulance hospital.
This is the second time he has been wounded
Have you realized the urgent need for personal self-sacrifice to make the V ictory Loan a great success?
Until you have bought Victory Bonds to the very limit of your ability, you have
not done your duty.
over 18 years old, who mencenient of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section <>f available Dominion Land in Manitoba,
Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant
at Dominion
of the new Unionist as propounded in the Premier’s manifesto, issued a few
weeks ago, that the people of Canada have to deal w ith to day them to sav whether they endorse that
The biggest men in the
It is for
must appear In person Lands Agency or Sub Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain condition*. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of three years.
In certain districts a homesteader may adjoining quarter section as
Dn-
Yours truly,
Mrs. David Lett,
Dun raven, Que
jH)liey or not Liberal party are agreed that it is TEE policy which the country needs today. Everything else goes.
Returned Soldier Honored
Editor Equity :
Dear Sir,—Will you give me space in your valuable columns to thank my many friends of Austin for their kindness to me on the evening of November 19th. Shortly before leaving, to •> ir great surprise the house filled w.th friends and Mrs. \Vr. Hynes read a very nice address, and Mrs. George Carey presented me with a substantial purse, after which supper was served. After the usual handshakes, we all took our departure. Again thanking my friends and you for your space,
Yours truly,
IYk. Ernest Fin an,
Kingston, Ont.
secure an
pre-emption. Price $3.00 per acre ties — Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead intent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price *3.00 per acre. Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate 60 acres and erect a house worth $300.00. .
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol tliers who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office ( bat not Sab-Agency ). Discharge papers most be presented to
Another Big Drive.
British Third Army Smash Hindenburg Line.
Large Slick of Invaded Territory and 10,000 Htms Captured.
Campaign Closes Saturday Night
What Answer
Will You Give?
4
London, Nov. 21.— The report from
Field Marshal Haig’s headquarters tonight on the British drive in the Cambrai sector reads ;
u Important progress was again made today west and south west of Cambrai, though rain had fallen continuously.
“ Reinforcements which the enemy hurried up to the battlefield to oppose advance have been driven out of a further series of villages and other for tified positions, and many additional prisoners have been taken. I he tanks have again given great assistance to the
advance.
our
Killed in Action.
Lieut. C. M. Bayne, Son of Lang, Sank Pastor, and Grand son of Rev. Carl Alluni, gives Life for Empire.
leeued by Canada’s Victory Loan Committee In. co-operation with the Minister of Finance of the Dominion of Canada.
66»
receive one.
wMSÊÈÈm __
¦jesssii
mmmr -¦ -
màm v—.
Agent
W. W. COBr,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. N. B.—Vnnuthoried publication of this advertisement will not be paid for
PUBLIC NOTICE
WhoX
Uh _
Province of (juebee,
Municipality of Sbawville.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given to all Proprietors of Real Estate and Resident Householders of this Mum* ci pal ity, that the Collection Roll of Taxes of this Municipality is now completed and remains in my office during the next thirty days for the inspection parties interested, and that on November the 87th, it will be brought forward and homologated, with or without amendment. Such delay having expired it shall come into force and every person whoee name appears said Roll is hereby requested to < I at the Secretary’s office during the next 20 days, after the said Noveml*er 2<th. to pay the amount of taxes assessed their property, without further not i *j.
Given at Shawrille this 87th day
Will
Th
cs
*
hefi
er I
#w.
of all

fa

i at# kf* S ia. i iN|gorci
LIT

\
*
en
T

t
rs Carrier
* warn»»,
m r.rt ÀWW
!
the
t the week
¦eel

j
8. E. HODOVSS.
W»,
Va>
P.thel Craig was the guest el
isry Ade Uet week.
I fall of mow hi* caused ijuite an excitement in the deer-hunting line. Boy*, don’t forget the box social here
!W


FOR SALS,
One pair of Horn Col* coming two
and three year, ; perfect* matched dark greys. A wo one Mate Colt of past ; bay with atrip la face.
¦ . he» colts an. afi sired by that good breeding home “Handeome Harry (Imp X and from a Percheron mare.
8AM RtNCUIB. „
Nhawvil*
i
The
BiPi
Mr Nov. SO
Chairman Draper ; C’om-Harri* Wallace, Laughren
Sylvester on Thursday even
Weekend
j J- L H0D0IN8, «priR*
U MON A
###PAGE###5###
CLASS A II AND OTHERS
NATTY STYLES
—FOR-
NIPPY WEATHER
THE EQUITY,
r
When you require Printing1
call at
% Weekly Journal devoted to lee# Iqtereete. PeklUked tfovy There»* y
\i Sktwville, County Pontiac, Quo.
YOU are going to the WAR. we issue Policies on your lives. HI T it must be secured before enlistment.
WOULD it surprise you to learn that some Life Insurance COMPANIES ARK NOT ISSUING Policies fit all to MEN of MILITARY AGE?
Insure today - and be as fortunate the young man who has already got his protection.
I
BSCBiPTION, $1 AYEAB Ilf ÀD7ANC1,
gW All Arrears must be paid up before y paper Is discontinued,
advertising rates.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for l„t insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion Rumines# cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at f5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the
rate of 8 cents per lino for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
which will be given ou application.
Advertisements received without In-
accordingly.
declined.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
I
an
gloves
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
RS
Ladies’ Ringwood Gloves—Fancy Knit, combinations of navy and brown.
Ladies’ Ringwood Gloves—Heavy Rib Knit, black and white only. 55c. per pair.
Ladies’ Cashmere Gloves—Heavy Fleece Lined, black only 50c. per pair.
Girls' Ringwood Gloves—Fancy Knit, in navy and brown combinations 45c. per pair.
Girls’ Ringwood Gloves—Knit in Heavy Rib, cardinal only 40c. per pair.
Ladies’ Wool Mitts—Heavy Rib, grey, black, cardinal 40c. per pair.
Girls’ Wool Mitts—Black only 25c. per pair.
The Confederation Life
Association
J
00c. per pair.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
Bet. 1871.
Cen. Agent.
B. C. ANDERSON
SHAWVILLB.QUE.
A
Hay and Oats
FALL WEATHER
Reminds us that the cold season is not far away, that our home comforts should he looked alter at once. Our furnaces may need repairs, or some new stove pipes may ho wanted ; or perhaps we may need a new stove—fts this is one of the greatest ot
all home comfort* sure of getting an article which will give the
greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction Hr*
keeps several styles of the latest makes.
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and
cheaply executed. Order* by 'nail
promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
We require for immediate shipment
50 Cars Extra No. 2 Timothy
25 Cars fto. 2 25 Cars Clover Mixed 25 Cars ^isi^e Clover 25 Cars Qed Clover
If we go to DALE'S we are
Professional Cards.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. 'W. DALE
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
. Qu K.
Will pay $8.00 to $10.00 per toq
F. 0 B. Cars.
Campbell» Bat -
Doctor of Mediclee and Master of Surgery
Doctor"Oenu? Surgery. University of Wa8hable OhamOiSette GlOVOS t, 1 c én tlateo f Den ta 1 Surgery. Quebec.	'
—2 dome fasteners, in white, gray, natural at $1.00 per pair. .
w.ii pay;SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
We require 10 Cars Oats.
60 cents per bus., F. 0. B, Cars.
HEALEY CO.,
S. A. MACKAY
Kiddies' Overcoats
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble anil Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing then fitter
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Write or Phone It. 1017-10(11,
ONT
notary public
. - Que.
Made in blue and grey Chinchilla with belt all-round. Warmly lined—special value, $5.00 each.
OTTAWA
Shawvllle,
Horses for Sale.
1 pair Matched Colts, dark grey ; 3 off and 2 off ; full brother and sinter ; ] elscwliere. weigh about 2WOO pounds.
1 year-old Hackney.
1 4 year-old Hackney.
4 span work Horses.
Also Waggons and Harness.
R. J. HAMILTON,
Shawville
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
PURE CANE SYRUP, 10c. per pound.
ADVOCATE, lAIDIITI*, *o.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
G. F. HOGGINS CO. L TD.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
SHAWVILLE SASH AHO DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
OAT*. AC
I
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday.
I
. ' tgy’y /
%
•TVA

%».


Manufacturer of and Dealer in
CEO. 0. WRIGHT, K.C.

Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
AC
A ) VOOATle BARRIAT1*





y-

Hull.
196 Main St.
L
z
? l
;

m1
01
V
<
PHONE BELL	-
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In Fort Uoulonge ever, Wednesday end Shawrllle every Saturday.
“8
'4
Custom Sawing.



I


<1



*35*'’
VAMPIRE OF THE OCEAN.
7 16
Not Stingy.
“If you Idas me I shall call auntie." “Well, I guess I can spare her a lit-le Idas too.”



W!



X---
•Ironing" the Devilfish le a Mode et Flirting With Death.
“Ironing” the devilfish, the largest of •Î1 the rays and one of the largest .	, u , . creatures of the sea, means flirting
When Properly Invested They Help t# ^	The derllfleh l# also
the American Bankers* association an habits. It gets Its name devilfish from intelligent answer was made by a man the fact that projecting from either who Is well qualified to speak. He *|de of the bead Is a hornlike append
age which In reality Is a detached part "While a dollar saved by a workman gf the ^^al fln or wing. The borna, belpa to give to some workman a Jo*. nM|1IM u.ree feet long and freel?
- -•«> *-« ^ >• «•
or profita	month.
“The economic effect of a dollar These fins have been known to circle saved and invested is just the same, above the bow of a boat, lifting the whether the owner Is a wage earner, vessel out of the water and deluging an employer or an heir of Inherited the occupants of the boat with gallons wealth. Income, however It originates, water. When they flop back to tha that Is saved and put to rep rod u the rortace they make a noise that can be ow. performs .n Inevitable service foe bean| far off- Blcltlnf7 Dangerous!
“Every form of wring, flnstly eeek. Tbs .portl. both. Tbs only thing that Investment snd If yon will follow tbs *»?«. devUIUh hunters at s Urns liks investment through to Its ultimate reaction you will
work; you wUI see It enlarging the agricultural, the industrial or the transportation equipment of the community; you will
demands for labor, raising the rate of wages and Increasing the production of things which men desire.
“If savings are devoted to reprodoc-
: l( '¦
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos

DOLLARS THAT ARE SAVED.
N

\
\ »
»
\

«5
\
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac,
1
I9I MAIN ST ,

GEORGE E. MOREMCY
Get Behind the Wheel
of a Ford and Drive
said:
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LANS SURVEYOR
al^kinos or
Maoi, Lines, Boundaries, Ac.

Baeeuted carefully to the eatlefao-
Hcll.
182 Wblunoton 8t.
Phone : Queen 5130,
fTTRY it just once! Ask your friend to let you pilot’’ his car on an I open stretch. You’ll like it, and wül be surprised how easily the -L Ford is handled and driven.
GEORGE HYNES
If you have never felt the thrill of drivir^ your own car there^wsome-
apaasenger.11 *And especially so if you drive a Ford.
Young boys, girls, women and even grandfathers—thousands of them are driving Ford cars and enjoying it A Ford stops and starts m traffic with exceptional ease and smoothness, while on country roads and hills ¦Draigth and power show to
Embalmer and Funeral Director
N Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Open al 1 hours.
tills Is preparedness. Every msn most be at his station, ail moat obey the wül
It putting men to
of the harpooner, and if a bit of lock
Is thrown in the manta Is killed.
The devilfish gets Its ns me of manta, meaning blanket, from the pearl die of the Caribbean
belief that It devours people after veioplng them In Its enormous

t
its
It cresting new
who are of the
UNDERTAKING
Buy a Ford and you will want to be behind "the wheel” constantly.
»d EMBALMING
tire purposes. It make# no difference whether they are the savings ef the
Runabout •	$47 >
W. J. HAYES
_ SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Skew's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
ed story Is told of a manta that towed tight boats, lashed together, for hours until finally the crews were compelled
workman or of the millionaire, they
Touring - " $ 49 > Coupe Sedan
result
ultimately accomplish the as -they Increase the supply of things
.	..	__.	________14.	„ft
-	$770
. $970
F. A. V.nderllp nld tbst It la troe.
THE UNIVERSAL CAR
F. O. B. FORD. ONT.
It. vitality le
Toor $50 In tb. Mvlngs bank work*
ping liter
at tb. mm job. to which tb. $80.000
J. L. HODGINS

?7
who
If the
a
caliber. It fights

SHAWVILLE MOTOR COMPANY - Dealers - Shawville.
are
ke this country
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machine# end Repaire
SHAWVILLE •	• ÇUE.
saved dollars to
oely
worth living in. worth working la.
of the brain. Is
###PAGE###6###

becomes accustomed to the surroundings he is as comfortable alinost as he would be In one of the sedan automobiles.
The Germans often hurl bombs at tanks, but without much effect. Occasionally they run up over It looking ; for trouble and if one of them hap- REFLECTIONS pens to get too near a loophole he is likely to be picked off by a revolver handled by a British officer within,
Combination of Kor. and Cr„ta.r |ttTJÏ	F""
Secure and Finds Life
Agreeable.
"HURRY ALONG
TANKS WERE USED CENTURIES AGO
RURAL DEVELOPMENT.
¦Æ
of vital
A New Report on Preble end Current Interest in Canada.
TOMMY
*
ff
The latest report of the Commission of Conservation deals with the important subject of the planning and development of rural districts and small towns in Canada • It has been pre-
STOR1NG THE CAR FOR WINTER. If you are not going to take the bat- pared by Mr. Thomas Adams, Town
-“KK Saaas
for thev have the street cleaning de- in8 from an outaide current supply, cnee in farming, land surveying and ()ne has to be ^side of a tank and fences, knock down light walls and “Last evening, upon a wet and lone-partments and	heavy traffic to	keep	ln any event the job must be done	town planning In other countries.	fee, that strange, gliding motion with	send them	through frames of ordin-	ly road, I	saw approaching a figure in
the ways open.	BuTmotomU	who	about every alx weeks. Before put-| The report deals comprehensively	whivh it goeil along before he can real-	ary houses.	It would be an unusual	oilskins.	As the	figure swung	past
reside in the country or xvh?re the	ting the car away see that there is	with the social conditions and ten-	a tremendously effective war	kind of ground indeed	on which its	me it said:	‘Good night, Tom!' To
winter is long and the snow deep pre-	P^nty of water submerging the plates	donees in rural areas and the prevail-	machine it ie. And as the sightseer	caterpillar treads could	not find soms	which I made reply:	'Good night,
fer that their cars hibernate when	of each battery cell. Having added	mg systems of land settlement and	^oops within those steel walls he per-	leverage.	Jack!’ My name Is not Tom. As far
November"has slipped bv.	the water, run the cur for a mile or so	deve opment. It indicates the rural	h has u cr feeiing Qf reminis- Riding in a tank on	level ground	as I am aware, the gentleman in oil-
in order that the car may be in the	to mix the newly added water with	problems inquiring solution m order	cçm,e for flome ancestor of his hun-	gives the occupants the impression	skins was not christened Jack. But I
«Li’s* ~ fit ra s a :rpp	sAaras...............-°r ^
ing of the garage door, according to B. rendition.	1 VkTZtTnn’1	haalth The tank- a< we cal1 il to-da>'- re" in tho ?anka declere that therF '» not ',-ry pleasant," writes Ward Muir in
M. Ikert in Motor Age If they are Tut Battery in Service Station speculation, neglect or puouc neaitn,	gome thc principles of the so much vibration as to obtrude itself the London Spectator. "A trifle! But
not attended to, the careless one will if the battery is token from the car	^nTilï.ri1 battering rama of ancient days, it is upon them after everything is warmed -candidly- flattering. I admit it:
regret it when the spring winds blow store it in a dry place that is free ,	. . ,	.	f not unlike those armored and protect- upfor the fray.	j these are triflea which make a man
and he finds his mount unresponsive from dust. Dampness will cause ^ lnJ, V.Î ^ dTaU w h .nd the Pletforma used by armed men of It is always more or less hot inside vain. To be called Thum'by a fellow-to the throttle,	finish destroyed,	bat-,	corrosion on the terminals and other	^^ti^ ^een and develomnent	old in overcoming fortress and castle	of a tank in	action, for the more speed	soldier on	top of	a tramr.r; to	• be
there are still owners who let their :	to leave it in the hands of a battery	"Bard to lhe need for more 1	possible by the tremendous develop-	easy a mark	for the heavy artillery
storage batteries remain in the car service station where it will not be at^ent$on being given to production in j menL°f tractors in the last few years in an uncharged condition, allowing	neglected. Here	it can be given an	çanada; t() the. extent to which pro-
the electrolyte to freeze, breaking the	occasional charge	and kept in condi-	j juctjon i8 impaired by speculation in
plates, jars, etc. The two most im-	tion to resume its	work in the spring.	jamb by neglect of public health, and	the	world	war	been	using	caterpillar |»erform
portant things to look after if you	Hi storing a cat	select a p «<*’ a	by haphazard systems of development;	i trucks	in	their	farming.	These	ma-:
have made up your mind to	store	your	is well protected, offering an c\en	. lo importance of increasing the ! chines were first built at Peoria. 111.
car are the storage battery and	cool-	temperature and free from humidity.	8Uppiy ()f buman skill and energy aff 1	They were intended primarily for	The pound	has no more	terrors for
ing system. Therefore it	is well to	Never store a car in a barn xx ictt	capjta| derived from production in-'hauling over rough fields and came to	the dogs of	France. For	no longer
get these in shape first.	horses are kept; the ammonia fumes	stvad of by borrowing; the problems	be utilized in harvesting and similar	is the stray dog despised and unwant
How to Proceed *	are detrimvntal the finish-	dealt with in this report are of vital operations.	: <*l. The dog army nee<is volunteers
Drain off all the water fi om t e aaq current interest to the people of The caterpillar wheels and belts and any intelligent loyal little bowwow The first thing to do is to discon- j radiator and water	acheta and put in	country.	used in driving these machines	were	may offer his services to his country,
nect the wires at the terminals ol the	a hot soda solution.	Leaxe this in <»i	There are	five	appendices	by	com- so simple in construction and	xvith-	At the beginning of the war only cer-
hattery. This is a precaution to keep several hours and drain it off. 1 hen petent authorities, and the conclud-, stood the impact of shock so well that tain breeds of dogs were used and
it from discharging, as any slight leak	flush the whole system with clean wa-	ing t.bapter gives an outline of	pro-	even before they were used as war	those mostly for Searching out the	"Even were 1 able, like some of my
in the wiring would discharge the bet-	ter. To make sure that all the water	posais and makes general recommend-1 machines they were put through	wounded and scenting out the enemy,	privileged superiors, to move about in
tery, and it is very detrimental to let	gets out, run the engine for about two	ations to cover tbo conditionna as	pre-	stunts of various kinds. Occasionally	But now all kinds of dogs are being	mufti, I should not do so. Never! My
it stand in a discharge condition for	minutes to dry up every particle of	sentvtj	one would get out of control and crush	pressed into service and every regi- i	clothes arc far from comfortable, at
any length of time in cold weather,	moisture. If the	hose connections	-*---- over fences, thus demonstrating	what	nient has its training camp for these	times. The	tunic	is	stuffy.	It's	conDo not run the engine when the bat-	are old. take them	off and stuff rags,	nuns DEATH-RATE-HIGH.	they could accomplish if such proceed-	brave soldiers.	tinually tarnishing—and	therefore
tery is disconnected, for you might in the radiator openings and jacket	___ -	jng8 were necessary.	Theirs is the most dangerous ser- continually to he repolished—buttons
btirn out the generator if you run it on flanges.	Healthful Country, Ikit Little At ten- When the British War Office was vice of all. that of carrying messages are an outrage; the hours wasted on
an open circuit.	,	(Concluded next week).	|jon pai(|'(o Hygiene	casting about for effective weapons from the front forces that are attack- metal buttons must stagger the gods.
for use against the Germans the in-	ing to the artillery and officers in the	The puttees are (for home service
genuity of experts first struggled with	rear. It is, of course, the practice for	wear) idiotic. The belt is nonsense,
most ordinary sanitary principles *nd devices for silencing machine guns in	the enemy to direct a regular curtain	T>e swaggcr-cane—xvithout which
French Airman	Finds Them at a	hygiene the death rate iirChile would jsbort order. Col. E. D. Swinton, who	! of fire just back of the advancing	one is ‘improperly dressed'; which
Height	of 6 500 Feet	,>e extremely low in comparison with | ^ credited with being father of the	troops, to cut them off from their offi-	j nevertheless is not supplied by the
Ninety ner cent of the food con- 1a *	, 4. *'	* V1 lhat of mo8t countries in South Ajneri- lank has ha(, tho help of l)oth ancient ' cers and guns.	-	, authorities but must be bought out of
sumed	in	Canada	passes	through	the	, officer of	the Hvncli H.ung^ In physique the Chileans are the am| modcrn inventors in designing	The little four-footed messengers	one's own pocket—is a silliness. The
hands	of our women	There	if then	( °rpS haS t?k^n	excePtlonal ®PpoIÎ“?"	most sturdy race on the continent. thia most efficient type of armored au-	have, to a degree, solved this difficulty.	<»P ill-designed. And yet I am
a great responsibility resting upon B/10 record observations on the flight Living by the seashore or mostly in t0mobile.	land after being trained and accustom- sorry for any man of military age —
hL if i^r.yJT Knt !ld^lMallG,iaette'	! towns and cities, w here dwelling ; was the fact that they dawned upon many have receive<1 the Croix de terpart. . . .
fn-.l rlUinvuitv L war tim«	, Tf	: "	! Swallows, he says, seem to prefer	, ),ousvs )ack the most elementary ap-	l,ie Germans as a surprise Tluy	(]ucrre Every dog who risks his life	" i couldn't show myself in the
imnnrtnfih.t	nml	nmiruli	8,1 ^Bitude of 2,000 feet, whereas	tk«*	pijances Qf sanitation. Smallpox and	| were so terrible in aspect and so near	in (j|ese dangerous missions takes . streets' This is what the soldier says.
f	marvelous uniformity v.th whiih pneumonia and tuberculosis are also them like so many frightened sheep. d|er ^or France. No wonder the he forced to walk the world in a dress
Arbitra™ rules in this rase are nf	fo]low lheil ,eatlcr- The turns preValent.	1 h[ yei1 of *ecrecv ^as u^){ <ioxyn so country honors and Is proud of her | other than this safe and calmness-
little velne^hnt ,u nrjn .ij!,	f *	and tw^.6ts HTe ta^eî1 wlth such	si-	But Chile's high death rate is main-	Hghtly that even when the machines	war dogs. Theirs is service without	giving khaki. His self-respect is now
oral nnniinati « ikL* lif. w	n	•"	multaneity that a flock appears	to	|y accounted for by the h#*avy infan-	wer.c	H,lipfed acr.088 1 ie channel	understanding of issues, hope of hon-	secure. Without the label which khaki
tb\ hnm , ,n 1 mn.n imnnetant turi1 a.nd	automatically, so 1 tile mortality from contagious dis-,n® mkling of then existence reachct or or giory; a service that gives all attaches to him he perceives that he
nntrinti •	thm hv P	f,aordinarily together do they move..	The birth record of Chile is the enemy, as far as is known.	and asks nothing but a little love. would be eternally wanting to stop the
^	8t ,about I one of the highest in the world, but The entrance is through a small |	-------»------ passers-by and explain
mmm
Y m Zi itlTvmf l	at G’500 fef1, vh,ch 1S Xhe hlghest a1tl; increase to a minimum through igno- cannot stand up unless he is very , When the war broke out, the fcrtil- ship of the one with ‘Troops Only’
fn aiern thfvLÏi ï>!p lot thÜf v ,i Xîl	he	* company of ra carelessness in the treatment of 8ha?t £	i*®r supply, especially that of potash, pasted on its window. We long—oh,
—'—	= yiMSi snrt a survwvM e^
about your neighbor. The actual	classes.	, some kind of condensed battleship. All 8Curce of supply. Attention was im-
pledge may help her to remember the	_____ ______ about him are pipes and engines and	mediately directed to several possible
duty of food service. The housewives .McDowell	had	just	passed the	doc-	strange appliances. He might think	materials from which potash might	Walking	in a	Circle,
of Canada, pledged to-food service and tor am: was	entitled to be called	Me	Danger	of	Gasoline.	of himself as a dwarf who had got	be obtained. Among these was kelp,1	,Tbe	reason we	cannot alwav?	walk
lixing up to then pledges, will be a. McDowell.	He	was	having a	look The increasing	use	of	the automo- under the hood of a giants automo-	a water-plant growing in gcaat pro-	_	«treiirht lino	with	nnr , v.	L„t
powerful factor m the	struggle	round	the camp,	which	was to be his	bile has caused many out-building* to	bile. When the vision clears some-	fusion along the sea-roast. Especially	"	berluse whe	w,	n.h.rVlïv
against Germany and against atarva-	home	for some time.	He wanted to	be converted into private garages	what he finds that a tank ia a model of	ia this the case on the British Colum-	JkVn	hr«.,7r	»h, ^	»
t'T	.r ^	«. ! enter	one of the	tent,	anti "pal up"	This conversion, in many cases, ear-	orderliness. Everything ia in its pro-	bia coast, where, owing to the many	f'	. .re	not of euuaMen^	h	Thit	hf
Announcement is made by	the Food	with	some one.	and he moved to-	ries with it the storage of more or less	per place and ready for Instant use.	Indentations, the kelp beds are of	2™
Controller that applications for lie wards one of them, and was about to gasoline. In almost all municipal | Tanks will stand a prodigious pun- large urea.	, .u , . W length of steps is due
enses to manufacture oleomargarine enter when-“Halt!" cried the serge- regulations this storage is held to be ishment. When they start after a After careful investigation a plant
EB-HHEE SSSS
Agriculture, Ottawa. Further re-	marked‘Private’for 7"	perty. Gasoline will give off 130	of bullets and in short order get close	group. It will have a capacity of 1.-
gulations in regard tu the manufac-	-------*-------	times its bulk in vapor, and, when va-	enough to even the most deftly con-	000 tons of wet kelp daily, and "will get
ture and importation of oleomargarine	, Briti,h Parliament ha,	Porized-	win convert l.SfiO times its	cealed guns to silence them. A direct	its supply from	Cumshewa inlet. The
are being prepared by official# of the ,,,.1^%'	|han any Jf ito toentt	'olume	of air into an explosive mix-	hit from an eighteen inch shell would	kelp I, reaped	by knives suspended
Department of Agriculture and re-ijj^ predecessor# since Ihe \ct of ture’ whirh wil1 1|rnite from * bIeze	put * tenk "nd aU its rrew out of	bflow *cow«, which cut the standing
Union	or spark- Five ^aIlons of gasoline	commission for keeps, but even “whizz	growth as they pass over the beds.
will generate 8,000 cubic feet of gas,	bangs" do not make any great differ-	The kelp then rises to the surface,
or enough to fill a room 20 by 40 feet jence.	where it is gathered.
- » rvm: asruSi.Tsssa's ~ '-’asrs- titsyra
—?—	«s.	- «» -
Late pullets are not good. There A Canadian forestry officer in *ith probable loss of life. The tempt- possible even to hear the patter of the are a lot of pullets this fall too tat# France says	that every particle of a	ation to	keep a rather large supply of	enemy bullets in the front part of	Rye is hardier than wheat and will
hatched to keep for laying, at the tree which is	cut down is utilized, even	gasoline	on hand is great, and gar-	the tank. The driver sits in the fore	produce a good	crop on land too poor
present price <>f (red. Any pullet that	to the -nidi hm»s, which are made	ages should, therefore, be inspected by	part of this landship peering out	to produce oats, barley, corn or pota-
Is not nearing maturity hy November	into charcoal and the roots into fire-	local Are department# for dangerous	through a narrow slit and directing	toes. Rye and buckwheat are good
will not pay to hold.	| wood.	conditions.	the progress with ease. Once a driver crops to raise on poor land.

RETAIN SOME PRINCIPLES OF BATTERING RAMS.
OF A BRITISH
SOLDIER.

“I confess I find that sort of episode

tery ruined or the like
shout 'Hurry along. Tommy!' and favor me with a grin which I should never have won when in civilian garb; to behold a van-driver slow down to offer me a lift ; to sleep in n Y.M.f A. H Moat Dangriou* War hut for sixpence, after receiving a
cup of tea from the jewelled hands of a Real Lady; to'be intercepted by h greybeard Volunteer desirous of directing me through an Underground i station whose geography I know rather better than that of my own garden: these occurrences are curiously agreeable.
i
Development of Tractors
THE DOGS OF FRANCE.
i
fhe English had for years before

Service
The Correct Dress
i
«
If due attention were given to the
THE FLIGHT OF BIRDS
Food Control Corner
COUII-
Beaides,
to get out of khaki
proven if you measure them accurately. Now, then, the longer of the legs will always take a longer step than the shorter one, end so if i our eyes are shut, we walk in circles, unless we have something to guide us.
When we walk with our eyes open we are able to overcome the difference, but with closed eyes this ia impossible except with considerable practice.
présentatives of the Food Controller. Until these are adopted it is impossible to set a date when the licenses
Fish Chowder.—2 cups potatoes
Parsley and sweet herbs should be gathered on a sunshiny day when full grown if they are to be dried.
Teacher—“There are three kinds of poetry. You have mentioned two, lyric and dramatic. Now what is the third T PupUr-“Well—epi—epidemic.^
I
ITS MICHTT nice. •
Of iOU.DOPF, TO I ÜTAKE US ALL ¦ HOMC.( I
11 DowY menTioNI
vou Torn right there where Tousse [That big tree and
Itheh its JUST ABOUT
TWO NILES OUT •> À THAT STREET 1

I LIVE SO FA% OVr.TOM, IT 3 A SHAME TO MAKE. VOU COME SUCH A LONG , DISTANCE - IT& Tilt k
HIRO HOUSE'
Two A.M.-Five
MILES FROM HOME. AND OOT OF .
GASOLINE.
c
lou GO TWO L'.wp
Blocks up, and /Vt#?* then strmôht ovr
THAT STREET •—Iti To mN house



NOW
5
«

i
z/y


/

m
///

/
/ ./4i
Ü
w

1,9
l
E
fcc

%
6,
WJ'



y
r
n

ê
i
/
5
\
###PAGE###7###
B^lSx Mffg ™3c™ma
Whcate you msy get one silence more eloquent than a torrent
of those mushy porridges Of thanks, he grasped Wetherby’a
g	g '¦ hand and wrung It fervently.
HOW THEY DIG TRENCHES
MAGIC
ItSlTNt WHITEST.
Steam-Driven Ditching Machine* Will
Be Introduced.
The trenches on the battle fronts in Europe have bean dug almost wholly !
AN INCIDENT OF THE BATTLE by hand labor. The work, of course, |
_________, has been * of an extremely laborious
OF THE SOMME.	I description. In the aggregate it has
I doubtless far exceeded the labor that would have been required to dig the ¦ How Miscalculstion on the Fart of panama ('anal with pick and shovel.
| It is now proposed to use steam-driven ditching machines, and con -I serve energy for the business of fight-
BAKING POWDER.
CONTAINS NO A LVM.
The only well known medium priced baking powder made In Canada k that does not contain alum and which has all Its Ingredient» plainly elated en the label.

I
that are a poor substitute for the crisp, delicious shreds of baked whole wheat—that supply all the nutriment for half day’s work. Two
Biscuits With milk or Cream I Financial expert*	concerned|
_	Q nAnrtshmcx meal about the English penny, says a Lon- Communication during an attack is n,k
make	°	.	don paper. Experts In currency re- maintained by signal flares, runners,
at ft COSt_OI a lew cents. I form contemplate an alteration in its aviators and the telephone, says Cap- À (i|?AVÎ) MFI)ICI\F
value; but the problem is whether the, tain David Fallon, M.C. Each officer penny is to be worth more or worth a before he goes into action is provided little less.	with a Very pistol and colored lights.
It is by no means an easy affair to if the attack is successful and an en-decide. Railway and 'bus people want trance has been made into the opposa new penny which will be worth |ng trenches the officer in charge of more, so that they will thereby secure that particular sector will fire two additional revenue without increasing green lights in quick succession. This penny fares. If the penny is decress- signal, seen by the artillery observed it will upset their arrangements, i„g officer, tells him that the attack for they will lose money unless they has been successful and that he has Increase fares, and they can hardly now to lift his barrage fire ahead of
i
171
A PENNY PROBLEM

i
#
Uniform Currency and » Coinage Throughout British Empire.
E.W.6ILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
Range Finders Meant Loss to Attacking Troops.
rftiNs NO
vonomo. ont.
MONT***
WINMlFrO
Mm.......
a

Calves infested with lice do not 1 The largest walnut grove in Eng Lice are difficult to get rid land is at Kemp-ton, near Bedford
thrive
of wh- n ones the barn is infested. It contained at first three hundred and
I 1)1? I ITTI F n\IFSlashing the calf thoroughly with a sixty-five trees, one for each day of I Vl\ LI I ILL VllLU t >tofiveper< t. coal tar disinfect the year, which were planted about
century ago by the then owner of
the farm, who remarked that wars
would never cease and the timber
would always be wanted for gun-stock.
ant such as zenoleum or creolin is ef
a
Baby’s Own Tablets are a grand medicine for little ones. They are a
mild but thorough laxative ; are ab	MONEY ORDERS
; se»« -1. _......
writes "I have used Baby’s Own	----- higher this winter than they have ever
.	_ .« .	A- .	i- I |	-I ,	. „ Tablets and have found them perfect-; Chrysanthemums potted up from been known. More than ever_then tt
put on .a farthing, and an extra hal	- the	advancing troops and so cut off	,y gat|gfact(>ry for my little one.” The	beds in the garden should be placed in	wjll be necessary to make every pound
penny would place much of tbeir tra	• any	reinforcements which the Boche	Tal>letg are Bold by medlclne dealers	a *hady place for a few	days after	of feed tell in eggs or flesh. To do
fle	in peril.	commander might contemplate send- or by mall at 25 cents a box from The potting.	this,	it	will	require	vigorous culling
As is known, the	Dominions Royal ing up. The gunners then raise their Df wmiam9 Medicine Co., Brockvllle,	_ of the	flock,	good	housing
Gov.rnm.nl Sn,,^,. ^	2Ku* STS Z’iSi'Z	______ MfBJMB Cn-toi Wt	**
"ZzzZTw,...................
lu-tiation >r	-urvevore not in- would allow the present half-sove- the case in the early part of the war, ments. The “whip” butterfly, when it Murine Eye Remedy	si. Catharine K»«t Montrai
hardy go ^ ^	V1| run„ reign, florin, shilling, and sixpence to when we were outnumbered in arms, surprised, opens and shuts its wings swv. .n Tube. zk. r*	it
frequed y :	_ narrow ravine remain, hut the copper money would men and guns, the officer in command \n quick succession and makes a noise A*k Mertae Sr#_ ••	. . baven a nd hem
mr.Cb."':
was late	®[terpoo1^J^>wnrk Con.	four-mil piece, which is 96d., or a five- with	the observing officer through run-	make a faint hissing sound by slowly	by the action of freezing	and thaw- .	H 1mw iHVil) KuHi«l Avenue. Toronto.
—nearly	time	to	nno	d„	mfi piece, which is 1.2d.	ners	and the signallers operating the	depressing and raising their wings,	ing during the winter.	ÎMancek TUMOKs lumps eto.
v m.,Wof the o?herH WeZrhy, at It is a nice problem for financial telephone.	The noise thus produced resembles	----- | »Vt	,
v*nu ’	. lniw.tr Wallace with	experts. As a matter	of fact, not ; During the attack on Moquet	harm	that made when you	blow	slowly Mlnard»e Liniment Cures Garret m Cow» oe before t««o late.	Dr. Heilman	Medical
the moment was helping Wallace witn	^ ^ ^ ^ British	Government in the great Somme battle our	artil-	through closed teeth.	Other	sounds	-g—	c°	Mml«^oli.n,wood. uol	_____
the plane ta e.	was seriously thinking	of minting	lery was sending over a hurricane of	resemble the friction of sandpaper. A
At a sudden, unusua so <	three-halfpenny pieces.	fire and was supposed to be playing	iarge number of caterpillars make	among
brush to the «-left, Wallace	-----+-------	its hymn of hate on the Boche lines. ROund by striking thélr he^ds against pasteurized milk
aside	to	investigate.	The	nex Jr	DULIIM i TIC	M	TIlDCn	But when we reached the opposing the leaf on which they are resting or
atant	he came back	at full apee ,	KhLUpIA I I	vUKlI/	front lines we were met with a terrific by swinging their heads from side to
his eyes popping and his legs working	___ hail of bullets from machine guns and ajde and catching the mandibles in the
wildly. Ten yards behind him, snar- the days of our fathers and grand- rifles. Our barrage had failed to roughness of the leaf or on the silken ing and fighting the bru*"\ lum	fathers rheumatism was	thought to be	reach the Boche trenches through	threads spun upon it. It is said that
a full-grown cinnamon bear. 1 * the unav0|dable penalty	of middle life	faulty observation and we found the	a certain kind of chrysalis, when dis-
beast was in a towering rage, caused	an(J ^	^ Almost every efterly ! Huns standing in the trenches	with	turbed, emits a slight,	sharp chirp or
by a steel trap and eight feet o ett^y	person	had rheumatism,	as well as their rifles pointed at us. I sent up	clicking noise,
chain that trailed from his Pr 8 many young people. Medical science my two red lights, which were then
mm#
oak tree a few atridea ahead of the	^ ^ dan.p. Bnd lt wl8 treeted | phone wire8 had been killed. A ahell	for   will apply on the corn a few drop,	of
bear and “shinned’* up the trunk.	with liniments and hot applications, had fallen among them.	freeze ne, says a Une nna	au or	y.
th«^rinwÎwbaLT.tWoï!nolC	In	An Unaucceaaful Attack	% *«£3
sd » natural and compelling impulse lho8e daye there were thousands of Most of my men in this attack were Mlnerd-S Liniment Co., Limited.	which will positively rid one s reel or
to climb a tree. Conway, warned by	rheumatic cripples. Now, medical i killed or dangerously wounded, and	Gentlemen,—ImI winter I received	every	corn	or	callus	without pain or
Wetherbv also sought a convenient	science understands that rheumatism how I escaped is still a marvel to me.	great benefit from the use of MIN-	soreness or	the danger o
Is a disease of the blood, and that with Seeing the hopelessness of my posi- ARD-g LINIMENT In a severe attack This new drug Is an ether com
But the infuriated bear began to	good, rich, red blood any man or | tion I gave order, for my men to	y Ladrippe. and I have frequently	pound.	«ven	ir
climb after Wallace. Wetherby, the	woman of any age can defy rheu- change direction half left and man by	proved it to be very effective In cases	plied and doe <	-	.
only one of the tno who carried a re-1 n.atlsm. It can be cured by kllllngthe ; man to fall back into a disused trench % inflammation.	. You Hrioffyou, corn
tSesâms
risky business Wallace as well as	enriching qualities of Dr. Williams were either killed outright or taken
Conway endeavored to turn Wetherby	Pink Pills Is becoming every year prisoners. At night time those that	when the Prince of Wales gains a
fnim ht. attempt.	more widely known, and lt le the more Could be moved were sent back to the	few daya. leave from the Front he
««Go back, Wetherby!** yelled his su-	general use of these pills that has field dressing station. With a couple	^adg a strenuous life in London,
perior as the axeman approached,	robbed rheumatism of its terrors. At 0f men who had escaped hurt I	Early in the morning, with one of
“Shoot him from the tree. He’ll get	the first sign of poor blood, which 1a crawled over the battlefield and ren-	hjs brothers or -another friend, he
you „ure now if you wound him!** shown by loss of appetite, palpitations. dered first aid to those needing as walkg from Buckingham Palace to a ««I haven’t enough cartridges to	dull skin and dim eyes, protect your- ! gUtance and removed the identifica-	Wegt End club, where a game of
waste anv ** was all that Wetherby	self against the further ravages of tion discs and letters from those who	squasb racquets is indulged in. Then
replied as he ran under the tree and	disease by taking Dr. Williams’ Pink had paid the great price for the cause.	comeg a rub-down and a swim in a
|
mu“cL8hreIalVandVe1UsHdhe8cramb. dealer In medlclw or by mall at 60 Opinions Regarding Feminine Lovell-	Street tobacco-shop is a
Wetherby circled about, excited but	WAR AND GARDENS.	Japan, the professional beauty loves j friends,
alert, waiting to put five more soft-	___ to appear with golden teeth; in India)
nosed bullet, into the wounded animal. Horlicu|ture| ,.roduct< Not Aiw,„ ,he prefers them stained red. but in Mia^-. tui».nt_On«. Cold.
mmmimmmmà
t the Roses took place.	must be “tip-tilted,” have a heavenly t,on'	_
Temple Gardens the Duke of \ ork ^ eastern countries red hair and |EMOn8 MAKE SKIN plucked a white rose and called on his wartg are \n the same category ; but	WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR
supporters to do the same. The Duke com|ng weat a8 far ms Constantinople,	_
of Somerset, who stood for the reign- where red hair ig very uncommon, we Make |h|g beauty lotion for a few ing king, Henry VI., of Lancaster,]^ it ju#t as greatly admired, and	cente and ^ for yourself,
plucked a red rose and coni*ruled benns used to make R red if It isn't.
his supporter* to do likewise. Thus ln England “Titian rod,” as it is call.I what ^ or woman hasn’t heard of did these badges become the syrrliols ^ |g greyly admired now, and mny 1 lemoo juiœ to remote complexion of contending forces, and when they woraan novelist who wants to be b^nd»hes ; to whiten the skin and to were combined In the Tudor R * it Hmong tbe “biggest sellers'* must give brjng out tbe
became the symbol of unity. / her heroine Titian red hair.	|,
The Man of Sarajevo, whose death
fective
Motard’s Liniment Cures Diphtheria
Made in Canada.
THE CRUISER’S BEAR
PBOOUCE
—Hwvden-n a real
cured with-Write
Orange juice is a preventive of
children who use
The Soul of a Piano I* the Action. Insist on the
“OTTO HIGELV PIANO ACTION
WITH THE FINGERS !
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
1
**********************
WITHOUT ANY PAIN
How to Cure
Biliousness
Doctors warn against remedies containing powerful drugs and alcohol. “The Extract of Roots, long known as Mother SeigeVs Cor alive Syrip, has no dope or strong ingredients ; it cures * indigestion, biliousness and 5 constipation. Can be had at any
2	drug store.” Get the genuine.
3	50c. and $1.00 Bottles.
*******
I
3
Kl
#:# i
bourne
The Prince on Leave
and Disfigure Quickly Healed by
CUTICURA
\b *
- DODDS
KIDNEY
>/. PILLS
' f r
/
. V

z

z
SOAP
o
and
»
!R
OINTMENT
Such as eczemas, rashes, pimples, dandruff, sore hands and most baby skin troubles.
Sample Each Free by Mail
With 32-p. Skin Book. Address postcard: “Cutlcura, Dept N, Boston. U. 8. A.” Sold throughout the world.
;,i
23 THE
This Concerns Maple
AN OPERATION
AVERTED

Better be on the safe dde andpto* your order now instead of risking disappointment during the Ma -h rush. Write for free booklet giving particulars and prices of our “Champion” Evaporator and all up-to-date supplie# for which we m «
headquarters.
THE GRIMM MNFQ. CO- LIMITED 58 Wellington St., Montreal, Que.

V
Philadelphia, Pa.-“One year ago I very sick and I suffered with pains
in my side and back until I nearly went
different doctors and they all said I bad female trouble and would not get any relief until 1 would be operated on. 1 had suffered for four
i>, n :

I went to
ixkuxnm'
Two Great World Gps
%
__ j combined in the perfected ready-cooked
cereal
years before this
are
¦
time,but I kept getting worse the more renr month since I had suffered with
Rheumatic Aches
, the hidden beauty ? But lemon juice
¦¦	¦¦ H	Yet In Africa a crop of the blackest, aJone te acld. therefore Irritating, and
is costing millions of lives in the pre-	closest hair imaginable makes shouM be mixed with orchard white
sent world war, was s poseur of the s ^ belle of the kraal, especial- tbla way strain through a fine cloth Kaieer type and reckoned to be very j if she y* plump, with piggy eye# the Julce of two fresh lemons Into m aesthetic. He wee supposed to dote thi<?k Upaf a umê like an India-rubber b<Ktle containing about three ounces on roses, and it was actually in a gw1 aboe. and a akin that ehipee like a of orchard white, then shake well and
was a young girl I
Liniment, the ouick acting, •nothing liniment that penetrates
Grape-Nuts
r.-gular. n the ne
wspeper and the picture of a woman who had been saved from an operation and this picture pressed on my mind. The dot
¦ |only two more days to make
ment in
So
; it
1 you have a whole quarter pint of akin and complexion lotion at about the
the clearing of | J%?Lry"^W	B#“ûroÏ
strain the lemon juice so no pulp gets Into thi bottfb, ibee this lotion wUl
grows
the
given
This appetizing blend of Wheat and Barley
is over 98% Food.
ECONOMICAL

and amid the perfume of the
in
these two arch
S
drug store at once far a bottle of Lydie E Pinkham’e Vegetable Compound, and believe me, I soon noticed acha t # and
of soil that not only ruins
Mr. Gerard's
And
r
the slope, but also buries the prodoc
at	»"t. end greatly in
done try brooks
and fresh for months

into the tire
applied dally to the fees, neck, arms u*d bauds It should help to Mee*t*. clear, smoothen and i mlfy
try draggle!
of
felt better. 1 grant
Wh
of
Id
.Sloan’s
Liniment
you the
“in .t

and am only
a big
HEALTHFUL
DELIGHTFUL
k
Scientist « have counted ?7fi not languages and dialects to Africa.
supply three

Hi
of orchard white at
te
ISSl E Na 47—*17*
»A 1 >
i/

of
the 1
t.
###PAGE###8###

WANTED
DAT
Canadian Pacific Railway
The Mlle Bool anil Shoe Store
Oue team of horses and three men to cut and take out wood $21.00 per day allowed for team and $l*m) per man. Apply not later than Dec. 8th on premises <13th range. Clarendon) or wrlt^Jo Yarm Post Office.
I
¦
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTORY ADVIflKK,whtch will be sent tree.
MARION & MARION.
364 University #t. Montréal.
Ottawa to Montreal (via Short Lino)—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, 6 a.in., 6.20 a m., 8.45 a m.; 6.46 p.tL 11	“	11 daily except Sunday, 4 gun.
Broad Street daily» 6.36 am., 6.66 a m.
Ottawa to Montreal (via North Shore)—
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 7.30 a. in.; 6.16 p m.
Ottawa to Maniwaki—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 4.40, p,iu.
“	41	Sunday only, 0.00 a m.
Broad St. Tuesday and Friday only, 8,30 s.m.
MISSE. KENNEDY.
P. S.—For sale, a quantity of hemlock
IV|EN’S WORK BOOTS
14
logs
Out of Wood for Sale.
NOTICE
Anyone wishing to procure h cut of wood will he supplied with same by communicating w it	ROY D1JPF.
Maryland, Que.
When you are in need of a good substantial boot to keep your feet dry and comfortable, remember we are in a position to give you the best to be procured on the market.
The Municipal Taxes for the Township of Clarendon arc reonested k) be paid during the month of November.
E. T. HODGINS.
Secretary.
21 8
U
Ottawa to Prksvott—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 10.16 a. in.; 4.43, p.m Ottawa to Waltham—
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 6.00 p. in.
44 Shawville for Ottawa daily M 11	7.36 a. m.
C. A. L. TUCKER,
Agent, Shawville.
Tenders Asked For.
Shawville. Nov. 10th, 1917
Sealed marked tenders will lie re-eeived by the undersigned until the lut day of December, 1917, for the office of Secretary Treasurer of the Munici|>al Corjvoration of Bristol. Duties to com-
Tender* to
state amount of salary, also the nature	|	H
-¦as:;" SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
Mayor,	1 *
Maryland P. O., <jue,
NOTICE.
Notice Is hereby given that any pc or persona found hunting, trapping or setting poison on lot No. 20, 0th range.
Clarendon, will be dealt with according |mence January 1st, 1918 ns the law directs
rson
ANDREW Mi KNIGHT.
Shawville
MEN’S PURE WOOL SOCKS
Oalf Astray
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned about Nov. 18th. a red hull calf. Owner may have same by paying
expenses Incut red.	______
.TAS. PREN DERG AST.
Shawville
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
with Wm. Horsefleld in charge.
Highest Market price paid for all kinds of produce.
Grain, Potatoes, Poultry, Butter,
Eggs, &c.
we are headquarters for them in colors white, dark, gray, khaki, and light gray, at very interesting prices.
We also carry a full range of FINE HOSIERY in Men’s, Women’s and Children's.
MOTION PICTURE FILMS.
dew They Are “Edited" Before They Reach the Public Eye.
After a motion picture Him has been Jeveloped ami printed it Is sent to the general manager or to the director to oe “edited." Like nn author’s manuscript in the hands of an editor, It Is shortened here and there, the captions altered, some parts entirely “cut'1 or deleted and the whole dim dressed up to suit the ideas of the men closest in touch with the theater going public.
The editing takes place In the projection room, says the Popular Science
Stray Bull
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned some weeks ago. a year old roan bull. Owner may have same by proving property and^a^lnp exçei
' hristoK ^ue
uses
1)S
21 2
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
For Sale or Exchange
1 Hay Press
1 Draft Colt 3 years old	....
1 Gen. Purpose Horse 3 years old | Monthly, but the nltering-cuttlng the
film and changing It—Is done In the cutting and assembling room by men w bo nothing	the
XORVAL KllAiOVR, Shawville. | men in the cutting room (“cutters/' In
the trade lingo) are so overwhelmed and confused with orders Issued by
the studio officials that they are com- | Sh&WVille, Oct. 22, 1917#
Veiled to ask for additional expiant-Thoroughbred Berkshire Hog fur ser | fions. Needless to say this wastes
much time.
By means of the phonograph, however, one motion picture company Is eliminating this waste and saving money. As the director watches a picture In the projection room he utters Berkshire Hog for service. Fee $1 "o| his editing orders Into the transmitter for one, or $1.50 for two.	I 0f u dictating machine. The film is |A gOOd BSSOrtmeilt Of
then scut back to the cutting room with the phonograph record.
1 Driving Mare.
Further Information as to price or ruis of exchange obtained on application to 21-3
P. S.—Mitts and Gloves
WM. HODGINS.
Your friviid> can buy anything you it give them except your photograph, iv dozen photos mean 14 presents.
II. Imison. Photo Artist.
Hog for Service
Local and District.
U
For Smokes.—One dollar from Mis—L I). Bussell, ot Bristol, has been donated to the Soldier’s Tobacco Fund. Many thanks, friend Russell, on behalf of our soldier boys.
Don't forget the Patriotic Convert and Sale of Work (fancy and useful) under the auspices of the Girls’ Club, No. 1, Clarendon, to be
Fee-81.00
vice
M. R. McGVIRK
TAILORING
Murrells
PERSONAL MENTION
Hog for Service
Miss Marguerite Harnett, returned from St. Luke's hospital on Friday evening.
Mrs. Bowles, trained nurse, has arrived from Ottawa to remain .with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. held Thursday, Dee. U, at the c. II. Wainuinn, till New Veni
gS2tet-E SSHEE.ÏÏE
prest m.	I at his home in town.
Apply to
JAMES Mc LARNON.
Shaw ville
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
19 4
A SUBMARINE BASE.
For Service
Purebred Berkshire Hog for service— | It Is e Supply snd Repair Station For Fee #1.00
Also a nice stock of
Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves.
Underaea Boats.
WM. PALMER, Hamilton Farm, Charter!*, Que
The first touch of real wintei
weather was experienced here I Ottawa nfu*i spending a few last Thursday, when a couple of weeks with her mother, Mrs. inches of snow fell and was carried Richard Hynes, who has been ill. hither and thither by a high wind.	Miss Lou ilia Armstrong left on
A few sleighs were in evidence, Tuesday last to visit her friend but the going was not good. Since ! Mrs. “Sandy” McLean of Rem-then wintei weather ha- been the I broke order.
Mrs. XV. F. Caldwell returned to
What is a “submarine base?* Well, a submarine base Is, In a word, a supply and repair station for undersea boats. Craft of this kind are very elaborate and exceedingly delicate pieces of mechanism; they are liable to need tinkering at frequent Intervals.
AT THE LOWEST RATE» TX	CtZ TÏÏ’S
For special war purposes a col- A< KNOWLKIJUMKNTs.—\\ e have THE OLDEST AND REST when at Intervals they return from lection of $267 and 287 i>airs of	received acknowledgments from	cruises. There must also be a store-
socks has been made in Braeside.	Miree soldiers overseas, <>t dona-	C CD	PAN	I ES	bouse containing all kinds of supplies
The Girls’ Club of that place had	Dons of tobacco, supplied by the	*	and spare parts for the submarines,
the matter in hand, and girls and	Overseas UuU, with the money	No	Charge	for	Policy	Fee.	Most important of all, there must be
—--....................— “Sri..,—.
«HrS SSSSS T— —- EEBHEH-
changed. The -oldivi < rvfvi i>-«l to------------------- carries dynamos, which may be used
THE MARKETS. for charging the batteries of the boats
-though at sea the charging is accomplished by the oil engines that propel the submarine when on the surface.
When It Is not practicable to establish such a share station the “mother ship" may be utilized temporarily as a floating base.
22-4
INSURANCE
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Raw Furs Wanted
We are licensed to buy Raw Furs of all kinds and are open to
buy any quantity of
Red Fox, Mink, Skunk Muskrat, Weasels, etc
at highest market prices.
Call and bring your Furs with you. We assure you a square deal.
In South Renfrew the Unionist I are candidate is Col. L. T. Martin, I)r Maloney on nomination day
ing retired in his favor. Col,
tin, who returned from own.ns ft	--- I Hour per barrel $1100^^™
£t&ta»: ertiss *-	- «•
' ''	; itH i EH	£‘ E^HE"!r< *"
ifiSgiMiül ins
S JBHB-C*1	ï.52
last general conference of the Methodist church in 1914, and had been in ill health ever since week previously his illness took a serious turn and he was confined to bed.
L.-Corp Keep, 371527
Pte. J. K. Shepherd son, 808625
Pte. J. T. Harris, 490532,
ha v
SHAWVI1LE
Mar
Curious Land, Curious People.
Near Cape llorn, lu the Islands of Tierra del -Fuego, lire the moat curious people iu all South America. It rains or snows or sleets nearly every day, and yet they look on their country as the Quest In the world. They wear hardly any clothing and seem not to feel cold. Because be saw fires ou the shore the explorer Magellan, the first European that rounded the Horn, called the Island “the land of fire/' which Is almost the worst name be could have chosen. Their huts are made of bent boughs and covered with grass and give only the poorest shelter. The folk are vain, too, wearing necklaces of the teeth of fishes or seals and painting
v

Horse Hides each6.00 Calfsklnseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins each 90c
Social,) which amount was to lx» donated to Red Cross wot k.
LTp to the present date there are surprising!v cheerful 56 member* on the roll and it is position. His health hoped that the Club will continue Inis i
its noble and splendid efficient | Much sympathy is expressed for
man and the general ini*
cheerful for one in hi*
is
appetite is quite normal.

A
the young man ana the ge pression is that he will be given a light sentence on both charges,
, that of killing Lieut. Bruce Leitch, patterns on their bodies. Among them who killed I ^nd attempting to murder. Mr*, some colors have a novel meaning
White Is the sign of war peace. They are great mimics and will imitate voice and gesture perfectly.
wot k.—Com
A card to his parent* last week
ÎÏÏînK:iS"Ai:îu:,*•—**¦ ™ °»	«
stated that he was sick and had William Bennett, I.RH.	m
been a a m it tetl to a base hospital. Lieut. Bruce Leitch, and cruelly 11/ itch Arthur Shaw, and his elder wounded Leifcch's bride at Sand
brother Claude, first enlisted with Point on July lfftli, will be tried	n v-__ n.m p™. •>
the 86th Battalion, and trained for his crimes at the Court House	VQ *** n«u ray r
for a time at Barriefieîd and Va I at Pembroke on December 6th. A convenient and simple form
earlier camps. They got trans-	Bennett is hopelessly	blind. The	(to help tell w hether the Hock i«	.	ull
ferred to the 73rd Battery, and	general belief is that he will be	paying or not,) has been worked	The	range of the Blue	HWge mount rained at Petewawa, during the	leniently dealt with	by the judge j out by the Poultry Division, Ex-	talna	In Pennsylvania is	divided by a
fall of 1916, up to a short time be	and jury.	perimental Farm, Ottawa.	river	every twenty-seven	miles, aa fol-
fort-going overseas. Claude was The murderer—he has made This form, which may be hung lows: From tbe Susquehanna to the	1HJH
wounded some time ago, and has	three confessions, in which he I tip in the sultry house or the	Swetara, twenty-eeven miles; from the	Ai	i — — —	au»**	moo riA
lust recently returned to France	stated he bad Intended to commit kitchen, provides space for mark-	Switara to tbe Schuylkill, twenty-ear* | Cannot D6 UUplK ritOu at	1683	than	3>Zo.UU LOCl&y.
from England.	the crime—was taken to Pembroke ling down each day, the number of mile# from the Schuylkill to the
more than two month* ago. Many I eggs laid. It also indicates space	um-h twenty seven miles; from the
Thirty seven or thirty-eight fea-	effort# have been made to cure his for recording the number of eggs	,be i^aw„n. twenty
male residents of Shawville will	blindness, but without success, and poultry sold or eaten, also	, * aa thm rmxt t went r -«n où miles
have the right to vote in tiie com- When be was admitted to the hoe- space to note the feed bought . . ,.iw x_w j,rswv ,n whk>h ing election, by reason of the boys pital at Renfrew , shortly after the or taken from the farm, and	. .	. *	rJ,'n «md
who have done and are doing their crime, he was able to discern ob-1 columns for entering cash receipts,	. ¦aVv	fe^S
bit overseas in the great cause of jecte from one eye. The shock of expenditures and balances	A
demtx racy, and when the radius the self-inflicted bullet in severing The form is a convenient place _	fl-ght Thmk.ng.	i	,,	M	,
of the town limits is extended a the optic nerve on one side of his I to keen your poultry account each The quality of your mends I* th# OUR MOTTO I Small profits ailu large tUmOV6IV few miles, the number of women face so affected the sight of bis left I month, and may be hail bn a poli- quality of your thought* Think tie	"¦ I g ¦ | V|	I	F'"'”'
entitled to the franchise is ma-	eye that his condition became catiou to the Poultry Division, Ex-	ibought* of • thief end thieves will lw
terially increased. This is one	worse and finally total blindness perimental Farm. Ottawa, free of	rour rompe nions. Think dean, helpful,
of Quebec province, at set in.	cost, providing a duplicate copy is remtlv* thoughts and «rely your aw
lews!, tliat cannot be fairly charg Hut for the loam of his sight, sent to I he Poultry Division each «elates will lw eteso, helpful tod ere-td with having shirked enlistment, Bonnet* would be in good spirit*, month.	ellve.	attract to you wbst bel
when the voluntary system was At jail he is a model prisoner, is If you want to know what your i0 JvlL in vogue.	no worry to his guardians, and la J hens are doing, write for them,	mmm j
We have some dandy bargains to offer in Men’s Heavy Overcoats and Tweed Suits.

V
Odd Geographies! Division.

Our $20.00 Blue Serge Suit ia a dandy and
All sizes 36 to 42.
Men's Sweaters, Underwear, Heavy Pants, Goats, etc., etc., all at reasonable prices.
ARCHIE DOVER


