###PAGE###1###
O
No. 11, 35th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 0, 1017
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
y

steu------!(=
The Merchants Banh of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1874
THE HARDWARE STORE |
BANK
Entabllslieë 1864
Capital Paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
\
OFFICERS 2
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir II. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hebden GEN. MANAGER .. .. I). U. M At a row
- - 4,750,000
OTTAWA
Economy is the Word
Save Money by Saving your Machinery.
05 Branches In Canada,
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital.......................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 16, .. ..
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada. How can You Help Win the War ?
BY PRODUCING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with us is a start in the right direction.
Sending money to the Boy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.
87,000,000 7,250,984 108,056,996
Hon. Geor*e Bryson, President HuSnell Blackburn,
Sir George Burn,*
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon. Gecrge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle .	.
John B. Fraser, VI ce President Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O’Brien.
Hon. Sir George H Parley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : 11, V. Cann.
• Chief Inspector.
• e
National Carbonless Motor Oil
(The best there is)
Polorine Motor Oil Gas Engine Oil Steam Cylinder Oil Transmission Grease Cup Grease Machine Oil Separator Oil
All high grade goods at reasonable prices Come here for the slip easy stuff.
BY NOT WASTING
BY SAVING
I	Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
I Prudent people gradually build up saving* funds, and are I thus prepared for the opi>ovtimities or necessities of the I future.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
W. F. DRUM A. A4 REID
Shawville Fair, September 20,1 Preiwre your exhibits for the , 28th.	local Fair at Shawville, September
The dates of Chapeau Fair this |	^	,
year are Sept. 24, 25 and 26.	members are reminded
,	,	.	or the regular meeting on Wed- ^
buy the same from us as nesday, Sept. 12th y dealer. <>t Eastmans K »-	¦¦ppiHE
daks ami supplies. Amateur finishing a ^ °u undoubtedly have a few new specialty. 11. Imison, Photo Artist. | pictures you would like framed. Call
m/M	and •• miphs. Picture framing a
Farmer# have been so busy har-1specialty. II Imisok.
vesting during the that Ivtwiuess in town has been duller than for months i»ast.
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
*
You can from any city
UENRY’S SHORTHAND “ Canada’s Best ”
" SCHOOL
J. H. SHAW.
COWLING
I
Ottawa, Ont.
The regular monthly meeting of
the Shawville H. M. Clllb, will be | Our Instruction Is Individual, and the
A.•m.rior Fkir. Sept. 1711, 18th I Sti't ul,"îu'.S SÏ m!!.*<?A l“ ! S m.HhT,'
and It). Greatly enlarged in #11 Tucker. All member* are invited J Our rates are $iu per month; do not ways. Big midway. Trials °f to attend.	pay a cent more.
speed and sport* ill addition to the I,	More than WO students from other local
w„’yRateTti0n9- ***”* “* “* rSS" SSSt f SSSSSlF"'
w _	uV IJt	at. 01,1 County 1 ail, We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
*1.00 FOR SmOKKH.-ThE Equity ^hftWVille. A special prize of hant Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell acknowledges the receipt of one *16. IK) is offered to the Club ex- ling. English, Correspondence, etc. dollar for Soldiers Smokes from hibiting the best one doz. cans of Send for circular.
Mr. Thomas Kuipc, of Sturgeon vegetables and fruit.	D. E. HENRY, President.
9

OTTAWA, ONT

Ha* proved Itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl Inga Advocate.
W.E.Gowlino, H.G. W, Uraithwait President
I
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
Falls. Thanks, friend Thomas. The Russell House, which lias
The El inside Homemakers* Club will meet at the home of Mrs. XV. *
Fair.	forefront of nil Fall Fairs.
Cor. Bank and Suarks Sts
Principal
Every Willis Graduate is Working.
STAPLE GOODS
from River Valley, Out., where he has been conducting a boarding bouse for some years.
Mrs. J. McNeill, president of the Khuside H. M. Cluo, has received an acknowlegment from the Secretary of the Canadian Red Cross
It has been decided to observe Society at Montreal, of the receipt
Thursday, Sept. 13, instead of of a cheque for fifty dollars, which Wednesday, Sept. 12, as civic holt- the Society has decided shall be day in this village in order to take I used in purchasing safety razors, advantage of the cheap rates to I to be placed in the Soldiers' Com-Ottawa Fair. Our readers will | fort bags, kindly keep thiwhange of date in mind.
increased attendance 45% or nearly one half increase In our shorthand depart-inept last year and “ NO QUITTERS,'*
N sw&daya when the nation want* your best he sure that you attend a school that can assure you of a good position.
When every dollar counts investigate closely. A cheap course and no position is no good at any price today.
A reasonable charge for an excellent course with a good situation at the end is worth while.
m i.' . I. ,	«	.	, .	, The established position of Willis Col-
I HE EQUITY had a short, pica- Miss Mary roran returned from lege (21 years) with the employer Is worth
ha lit chat on Thursday last with Toronto Saturday.	to each student and graduate far more
FEW Competitors-XVe learn I Who Vs?‘visitinITTii• i<tol '‘rida	Mi9a Lama XVoodley left on Fri- empiovmenUn\he belt^ositionsT‘lrt
foi the special puzes oneied by wrought in Shawville since his Mrs. John G. McGuire and two Sparks Street, entrance between the Canadian Hankers Associa- |rt8^ visit six years ago.	Mr. younge»t boys of Ottawa are visit-1 Ketchum'» A Sims,
tion to boys and girls for calves Bussell informed us that for the mg Bristol and Shawville friends. I A pOM,lon for every Wllll^raduate*
îafnl^wortKpetiTforan^ït ITthhuTO Utoh ^hlnï'in »*"«• O. Donn. Cecelia and
seems surprising that they should	what Jie described as the nnlv	Tbressa M. Brooks,	arrived Mon-	Keep a record of your outings,	your
be so indifferently regarded, uu-	Christian School or College t)1?lt	<l#y to fill )K).sitions as teachers on	children ami your stock, by purchasing
less an explanation is found in the Wrts to foum\ within a radius of tlie Ac#dmny staff.	| a krdak. I have a complete stock from
fact that few are in a position to goo	Hn institution that is Mrs. Jos. Iieimett and daughters | UP*	H. Imizox.
connate, in-view of some of the non-deuominational in character, left for their home at River Desert
The Amended Game Law. ^	^ g^tle^K tflthy*	nt °lilIin-	|
As several important amend- active appearanee, and he expects Mr. Ivan Thomson, Mr, and Mrs. Ing at The Equity Offcc. or phoning meats w ere made to the Game	^t no distant date to resume the	A. Richardson, Miss	Pearl Fades, |	Mrs. L. A. Smart, Starks Corners.
Laws of this Province at the last	work which he successfully carried [and D. McTiernan,	were among
session of the Legislature, we on for a number of years, quote, for the information of hunters and sportsmen, the first
NOTICE.—Just received a shipment of Seeley Pumps—house or stock size. Can also supply well tile—all sizes.
For prices see or write
Civic Holiday Sept. 13
H. E. Mitchem, Shawville, (juc
For the Fall Season
PERSONAL MENTION
Per yd
Standard Shirtings Rock Fast Drills Galatfas
Feather Proof Tickings 35 in. Flannelettes 27 in. Heavy Flannelettes Fine Dress Ginghams Chambrays
Flannelette Blankets
25
25
22
40
23
20
15
11-3
15
1.75
11 4
/
1.50

n
10/4
Do'ti .«ut,	NiviLïnï.l,om°“*"*SiflUSK
IBS
beaver may be taken between the •ttion. Apropos of this matter, it gin», Geo. Dale, Manson H. Me- Mr. George Cater, who has been 1st of Nov. 1917, and the 1st of wa* tu'*y expected last spring, that Dowell and A. D. McCredie took a a resident of the neighborhood for April of the following year. Read interests connected with the Hying start for Toronto Fair on the past thirty years, died at his the following clauses of the Act :— Ldy factory were to undertake Sunday morning in Cy’s new home on Wednesday afternoon “2310 It is forbidden *	the establishment of a butter Buiek ear.	last, after a long period of ill-
mm
any year and the first day of September this is not as it should be, and yet | hï, 1 ’? l, 1 ,,1°L«, f wi1* in* #nd other odd jobs about town
“7 ESS&fi» f.iSH«2r ESÉ2HH5.Ï
js .‘sgft'Sf » «ss %%% aws ................ „
isaeœsjcf crZ gftsas Tcrrar “ss
Ih. first of Novemher to the tenth of pnblic inviUtion for other, tocome	home by her .inter, being ronillifted by Rey. Mr. Mac
November loclumve, of each year. l*nl examine the ground.	J Nurse Mary Horner.	Celkim.
Compare these prices with current catalogue quotations, then come and examine our goods.
Regular Canadian Prints
Light Colors 15c. Dark
1
£6
20
* A few pieces of our Bargain American Prints, 8c. while they last.
more than one
W.A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
WHEN THE WAR
WAS PLOTTED
TO WIN SUCCESS.
he at once enlisted the sympathy of the Society of Public Utility of Geneva, and the president, M. Gustave, | Fulfil Your Duties Promptly la an Moynler, took up the crusade. A commission was appointed and the first International conference was held In Geneva In October, 1863.
THE ORIGIN OF THE RED CROSS

Excellent Rule of Life
One of the most successful of men said recently that he attributed him
The meeting lasted for four dave, I auccess to him early formed habit of | ()N JULY S, 1*14. MATTERS WERE and the subject warn well discussed doing at once what he saw ought to be and resolutions were adopted which | done contained the fundamental principles upon which the Red Cross work was founded. The next year, at the famous Geneva convention, on Au*. 22,	# ..
As the achievements are proof of the success
—m
ii—irrVnsSlFliS
STARTED BY A SWISS GENTLE MAN, M. DUNANT.
SET-
DEFINITELY ARRANGED
Whenever a task, big or little, presented itself he gave it his immediate
attention, despatching it with all pos-1 At the Council at Potsdam the De-Bible promptness, and his splendid
Trouble Rules For Balky Autos. Above all, remove nothing from the
C are and Repair of Tires.
I
A very satisfactory tire paint for,	,
finishing the inside of a tire after engine except as digested in test rules.
repairing may be made by mixing 1. Gasoline—Is tani full? Are pipes thoroughly one gallon of gasoline, one clean? Is carburetor clean? If car-half pint of C-35 cement, one and one- buretor needs adjusting do it, other-half pounds of soapstone and one-half wise leave it alone, pound of whiting. Many successful leak?
repair men are using this formula «>. Compression—To test: Open all with the best of results.	petcocks except tin- one on cylinder to
^sz^sr^r:
T... „. », srss res- xt
pa,r man should fail to do so A tread ^ wl„ (lff of any plug; hold wire ,arl. and wlth a group of nurae, c,re(1 pattern «. inexpensive and cas, y ^ one.eighth of an inch from for the wounded 80ldleni day and
Tl ,u L “ P V f .u"	Plug; crank engine with switch on. by night
fabric 18 inches long and the same k ghould jump to plug
width as the tread. Over this lay F
a ply of gum of 1-16 gauge half an
inch wider than the fabric and cover
the whole well with soapstone. Then
place this pad fabric side down in a
sectional mold and stand the tire the ] C. Are any wires loose, tread design of which you wish to pre- wet, broken or short-circuited? serve on this. Tighten the damps spark plugs clean and are points 1-50
of an inch apart?
D. Does magneto armature revolve ization of the tire repair twenty min-1 ja safety spark gap clean? utes should be added to the regular terrupter points clean and adjusted cure in order that the heat may right ? Do all brushes make good con-
jtact ?
In building up a sectional tire re- tribute?- rotor loose, broken or making pair cleanliness is a prime requisite. pv0r contact?
The Stock should be well studied and « all air blisters either rolled or picked *!
Each operation should be fol lowed by a cloth saturated with gaso line to take off the bloom
Nicknamed “The Good Samaritan of Solferlno'' by the Grateful Soldiers of 1859.
cislon Was Msde Which Plunged
1864, the society was formed. 1„
flag of Switzerland Is a white cross on of this early formed habit
a rod field, out of compliment to this Much of the mental worry an	the eve of the fourth annivere-
country, where the organization origl- physical ill-being comes from pu nig ^ tbe outbreak of the war there nated, and also because Switzerland off until to-morrow what should be
is a neutral nation, they decided to done to-day.	....
reverse the Swiss flag for the sign of A task promptly accomplished se
this new order, and a red cross on a dom brings worry or fatigue.
It is the delay in getting at it that
worries and tires us.
Quite apart from the mental and moral discomfort of dreading a task, it does our work actual harm.
It is a common failing among women. this failure to attack our obliga-, lions instead of worrying over them.
Great Britain has recently forbid-! jU8t wj,y this should he so is a puz-	„ ee _	. +. M
den everyone to feed horses on grain zlc unk,ss it js because most of us Ju,y 6’	** ®ne®f 1 ,
::r,‘jsr ss.ss “ "*if *”•	& ..r;
tion to the possibilities of greatly en-j How often do women exclaim:	derstood. ^his, says the Times tor
larging the food supplies of the world. ]	**oh,	I should have written that let-	respondent, is the first public refer-
by using the vast areas now devoted	ter	]ong ago;” or ««j have owed that	cnce 10 tt date which will probably be-
to producing grain for horses, for	cu\\	80 |ong |»m ashamed of myself;”	come the most famous of the fateful
which the world is fast substituting or “|fve put off going to the dentist so mon*” ™	1V14.
power-driven vehicles and cultivators. jong my ^eth are in a bad condition;”
The number of horses on farms in or « « M y rubbers have a hole in them At the meeting in question there |	sympathy	of	n good	physician	toward	. 1917 is no greater than in 1910.	an(|	here it is pouring pitchforks; I've	were present:—The Kaiser, Herr von
I	all suffering	humanity.	This man	was	Meanwhile, the shift of production	bad	it on my mind for the last week	Bethmann-Iiollweg (Chancellor), Ad-
M. Henri. Dunant, a gentleman of from oats, chiefly used as food for to get a new pair,” etc. Now a cry of mirai von Tirpitz (Minister of Ma means who lived In Switzerland. In horses, to that of wheat as food for despair over some really big obliga- rine), General von Falkenhayn (Mini-the summer of 1869 he was touring In man, made rapid progress. The num- tion, neglected until too late; now a gter of War), Herr von Stumm (head Italy and was at Solferlno when that her of acres devoted to the production wajj over gome small one.	of the political department of the Ger-
dreadful battle was	fought on that of oats in 1916 showed an increase of Some one has said that the hardest	man Foreign Office), the Archduke
less than eleven per cent, over that of part of work is getting at it. This is	Frederick (cousin of the late Emperor
Suffering at Solferlno	1910, whereas the acreage devoted to so true. Work’s irksomeness is al-	Francis Joseph, who took command of
Th*ri> thn Auetrinn nrmv	hp wheat in 1916 made an increase of most invariably in our fretting over the Austrian forces at the outbreak of
ksl 2. rz 5	.... : a.
r ,T	js™ “	Ti,“ “d cm-
major In charge, the Canadian mill men >»> dead or disabled upon the ^ which the horses in the coun
lary chaplain, and others	,ha,.%d* fallen"*llhouil try 8howed a eliKht decrease in num- at" the performing of task, prompt- staff).
The train ran right Into the ( I'nio •	‘	bers, and the acreage devoted to the |y as of primary importance and Jt appears that Herr von Jagow and
i J L ,1	I.rrïrzrs	s:™™ sssss,...........................................
British isles, writes an Englishman, 1 above the purple heath* i	M p bought the necessary States, where, as in Canada, oats and I	Range of Air X ibration#
rnmrnsmmm msmM
in the huge cemetery of Brock wood, he *** f^^nnthersoldier was o he and citron. He would go about among to wheat, 60,000,000 acres. In the In Surrey, «bout thirty miles south- j £haph	The iatter had evi- them, ministering to their needs, writ, world as a whole, the area devoted to
—, -	s »::%.= sarRMr: xr -
SBÏiBEl ; 5HKEH
thither, and at intervals-sometimes a humble tribute to his memory, u very long ones—there are groups of shrank from asking my cous n a t 1 s graves. It may be of Interest to des- moment, though I know s e
crlbe briefly a Canadian military funeral In England. It will show your readers that their kinsmen who die there receive the honors which they richly deserve, and it will afford another Instance of the admirable way in which the Canadian contingent Is organized and managed.
the World Into War
It was during the terrible suffering of the soldiers hi the Crimean war that the world awoke to the realization that something must be done for the wounded on the battlefield.
Does manifold
was published in the London Times s statement of the first importance a# to the origin of hostilities. From this it appears that the war was deliberately arranged on July 6, 1914, at a Council at Potsdam, at which the Kaiser was present.
In a report of a recent speech in the Reichstag by Herr Haase, an Independent Socialist, printed in the Leipziger Volkzeitung of July 20, appears a reference to “the meeting of
white field watt chosen an the emblem of this humanitarian society.
i
GASOLINE VERSUS OATS
If Machinery Took Place of Horse, More Land Could be Sown in Wheat |
As she carried her little night lamp In her hand and ministered run down? ! to her suffering soldier hoys they call Does the vibrator (if any) buzz? Is ed her the “Lady of the Lamp" and
the timer clean? make good contact?
B. Are the batteries
Do timer points the “Angel of Mercy."
But although Florence Nightingale burned. (,id much to help the soldiers and Are saved many lives, she was not the one who started the Red Cross work Who, then, first thought of this plan * of universal service ? It was a man, not a woman. He was not an army officer nor was he a doctor, but he loved his fellow man and had the
and cure for twenty minutes.
In using this pattern in the vulcan
Are in
The Conspirators
Is dis
Is distributer clean?
penetrate the pad
Check magneto wires as per
out
Loose wires and terminals ami neglected batteries, also dirty gasoline, cause much trouble.
Not
Not
warm midsummer day, June 24
The gasoline should be allowed to evaporate thoroughly before proceeding with the next step. All fabric must be applied nmg skim coat down.
To keep a gas engine runcooling and lubrication are
j needed
i eral Conrad von Hoetzendorf (Chief The minute we treat this "getting 0f the Austro-Hungarian General
WHERE CANADA’S
HEROES LIE
tery
BRAVE SONS
For Dominion Soldiers KilltKi at the Front.
throwing diet in the eyes of the French and Russian Governments.
What is sound?
There isn't any such thing—not, at Three weeks later, when it became all events, as people ordinarily think known that England would not remain of it.	1 neutral, Herr von Bethmann-Hollweg
Without an ear to hear it, there wished to withdraw, but it was too would be no sound. But for the pre- late. The decision of July 5 was ir-sence of the atmosphere about us, revocable.”
there could be no noise. On the moon shutting the Gates of Mercy, you would have no voice. If a 42-
centimeter gun were fired ten feet ^ wj^ be recalle<i that the Archaway you would hear nothing.'	duke Ferdinand and his wife were
What we call sound is merely an ef- murdered at Serajevo on June 28, feet of air vibrations impinging upon 1914. The Austrian ultimatum to Berthe auditory nerve. But, oddly biu was Presented at Belgrade on July
enough, when the number of these vibrations per second falls below a certain point, we hear nothing, and the Plan of aggression and conquest they
same is true when it rises above a ! ‘ahut lhe *ates of mercy on mankind.
Millions on millions throughout the
?
Wilhelm!
The Good Sa mari
Oh, Me!
Oh, my!
And likewise I ! ! !
Sit still, my curls, while I orate,
He spoke with deep Me, I, Myself, the throne, the State;
After he returned to Switzerland he wrote a book In French called "Souve-
would
nlr de Solferlno
feeling of the need for the protection I am the Earth, the Moon, the Sun— and care of the wounded aud for those
have liked it
"In accordance with a long-formed
The Last Tost
All rolled in one!
Then three volleys were fired over who were trying to attend them dur-the open graves, the least Post was ,ng the time of battle He felt that sounded, and we walked sorrowfully wounded should be removed at back to the train, leaving our hero at 0DCe from the fleld and that a per-rest with his comrades amongst the nianeIlt ambulance corps of trained heather and pine woods. The major and gtpeieut people should be a part In charge asked If we were satisfied of every army. To do this with safety with the arrangements, and there
Both hemispheres am I!
Oh, my!
If there were three, the three I'd be!
I am the Dipper, Night and Day, North and South Poles, the Milky Way
I am they that walk, or fly on wing Or awim, or creep THING!
certain point
Thu,, there are sounds that we can- world were doomed to slaughter,
not hear. There I» no question of the laceration, ruin, privation, sorrow, by
fact that the noises made by many one arbitrary camarilla of half a dot-
insects are wholly inaudible to us by en men- More crimson Is their guilt
reason of their high pitch. But they than thet of *11 the P"v*te homicides
are audible to other insects undoubt- thet ever llved- end thle wer cennot edly.	end until it la made certain that uni-
¦A curious instrument for testing a ver,el wer can never	** brou**!t
on the world by similar jnen and siml-
Arrangements Were Perfect.
It was a young cousin of mine who had died. He had given up a good position to fight as a private. He was wounded at Vlmy Ridge, spent a month in a French hospital and was then sent back to a London hospital.
We had hopes of his recovery, though he would always have been a cripple, but pneumonia supervened and the end came swiftly. A few days pre viously his sister, a member of the Canadian Nursing Staff, arrived in England, and she was with him when , any he died We and another Canadian lady, a friend, were present at the funeral. The Canadian military authorities took over all the arrangements. The special train for Brook wood started from a London station, and in it was the coffin in which we laid the flowers we had brought with us. The firing party and the bearer party occupied most of the carriages, and there was a salon labelled “Cana
«
these trained workers and their could be only one answer—that they wounded soldiers must have protec were perfect. It must please ('ana- ! tjon from attack and should not be dians at home to learn that their sol- flred upon by e|ther g|de. dlers wlm die In England, even though they be only simple privates, are burled with all the honors that are
1m EVERY
person’s range of hearing is a little	„
whistle, with a rubber bulb to force : Iar means-I air through it. It can be adjusted for any pitch. Some persons can hear it
at a higher pitch than others, but be-	Portable Army Baths,
yond a certain point it becomes in-	__	». v «r	. .
audible. Yet it is surely producing	The French War Department has
sound. A katydid could doubtless hear juet completed the first of a series of,
fifty portable bathing establishments which are about to be used in the French army. Each comprises three, compartments, separated by double
God rest you merry gentlemen	partitions. The soldier leevee hi. uni-
Let nothing you dismay ’ form eml underwear in the first com-Old English Song ' P»rtment, has a warm shower both in ...	the second, and in the third is given.
Mucilage which can be used in both new underwear and receives hi. unistick and book form and of which form, which, in the meantime, has only the quantity desired at any been disinfected by steam heat. The par icular time van be utilized, has whole apparatus is carried on two been invented, the purpose being to automobile trucks. Each establish*; guard against the loss consequent ment is able to provide for about eight upon the drying of liquid mucilage. hundred men a day.
Red Cross on White Field
It took six days to make the land and
sea,
But centuries were passed in making ME!
The universe? An easy task. But I—
Oh, my!
His book was so practical in every way and was so full of vivid scenes of the suffering soldiers at Solferlno that It made an immediate appeal and was
with the name and other par translated into many languages The ticulars. Each Is numbered, and in universality of the appeal not iu the communication about the grave i name of any particular nation, but for number should be given in order the good of suffering humanity, I to avoid trouble and delay. Friends brought it home at once to the hear s who intend to visit the spot should of all people, and every one had this also make themselves acquainted with feeling of the brotherhood of mankind the number, as they can then be and that something should be done to
possible.
Over every grave the Canadian military authorities erect a white wooden cross
I it
i deal ;
There will probably be a g of grain left shelled on the ground from this year’s harvest into pork.
Perennial phlox requires plenty of water, and suffers during periods of drought if it is not supplied plentifully.
“Economy puddings" and “economy meat pies" are the latest forms in which food is served in certain fash ionable households. Plain foods growing into favor again the world since the war.


the
Potatoes in Greenland larger than a marble.
never grow
Turn it
help this work.
Henri Dunant not only wrote this vivid story of Solferlno but he went to the different courts of Europe and personally told bis experiences on the bat tlefleld, and then advanced his plan for a world society of protection and
service.
In his home country of Switzerland
guided without difficulty to the grave they seek.
*
Spiked frames to be strapped to the
shoes have been invented to enable a
man to walk upon an inclined roof.
Pull up the early flowering annuals other half containing the officers, the ag they go out of bloom.
are
da." half of It reserved for us, the
over
SA1,| r	NOT
<501*3 TO USE THAT
Rhone i’d Hire to
------1 USB IT r
You re nor usim that 1
PRONE f - VOvVe BEEN 3TAM0W6 TMWfE FOR. 80 MINUTES
amp haven't said a -----— Word!! i
w WIFE IS ON THE: OTHER.
WHO YOU FATHEAD! -----
IM USIN6
If
Té




(U
X

4

V
L*
*K

*

X
:
A

%
i
i


r

U


/
###PAGE###3###
armj (7dp Queries
}$S$!Pôïrr&
'I iMD NOT RAISE MY BOY TO BE
A SOLDIER."
H.
^	1 ¦¦ 1	* CovuCuctwf hy	7\Xcfen J’uur
vp
Edwin Markham wrote a poem for a
From England, an wel. as froiq this continent, come report# of dairy I me<,ting of “The International Con-herds being reduced. When other France °f Women Workers,” in which men are going out of a staple linehhese lines occur: is usually a good time for wise men “() mothers, will you longer give your to stay in it.	»ons
Insure fancy prices for butter by | To feed the awful hunger of the
guns ?
8
$	* i a
Conducted by Professor Hfenry G. Bell
1
«V

Mothers and daughters of «It eg#* a e cordially Invited to write to th crpartmont Initial# only will be published with each question • enewer ee a means of Identification, but full name end address must oe 6	each letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answers will b
mahed d.'rect If stamped and addressed envelops I# enclosed.
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law woodbine Av»* Toronto.

having a clean, attractive package of
good quality. A neat wrapper more|^ba* ** the worth of all these battle
I	drums
Cutting dock, mullein, thistles and | H ^r°m the field the loved one never poisonous weeds in the cattle pasture
is a chore that fits in nicely after a What all these loud hosannas to the i
rain, when the ground is wet. The brave	,	"	,7"L The cause of ymL R‘r,lw through the hole
"CrÏLlM iTh»",	of Th, truly uo.olfl.h moth,,’, oo.w.r:1	1 T1"' '“"J j’ !f
mm	üsü
Epsei	ÏE5S3-S msmmÊmm
and woody, and of course, loses in drain as soon as you can afford it. I	*	*	nn .	f ”ore tu mteHigcnt buy-	“To feed the guns!” Oh, torpid soul,	before on a new lot of preserves. To	and form a pretty little fountain. The
feeding value. Orchard grass can rather look upon the use of tile drain	qv*	*{Lle	„! I”"'	Awake and see life as a whole.	test rubbers for preserve jars, pull	great thing to remember is to press
be sown either for hay or for pasture, as a profitable investment which will	a,e, «leaper than straw	When freedom, honor, justice, right,	them out to see whether they are of	the jar down ever so tightly. If air
In either case from 28 to 80 lbs. of lead to greater returns from your field	' lgf a*“ JUHt a.8 convenient to Were threatened by the despot’s ! sufficient elasticity to return to shape can get away from under the jar you
good seed per acre gives good re- than as an immediate expense.	. *	* % t^ justify burning might,	i and not break. All parts should be will not have your fountain. 2. The
Prepare the ground fairly In Question— Reader : — :	have five f i«havings	With heart aflame and soul alight, subjected to the strain. Expense coats of tailored suits will probably
hv spring and seed the grass seed acres of very heavy wheat, which is	BB	nnfJn.	„„ e ?r („a!ry#19 ",.Ul*	He bravely went for God to fight	should not be spared in buying rub-j	he longer during the coming winter
wi i a nurse crop such as wheat or lodged and in a bad condition to cut.1	tnii„i q	‘ . 0 . >r,?. <>r. . e	Against base savages whose pride	bers. 3- To cure a child of sucking	than they have for some time
barley at the rate indicated sowing f wish to put this ground into alfalfa	n\	? -*y The lawa of God and man defied; h*8 thumb, swab the tip end of the Grass stains ¦¦¦¦
not more than 1 bushel of wheat or this fall. I wa* advised to aow the	rgely to maintaining who fllew the mother an() her child. thumb with tincture of aloe, or with ether
barley per acre. Orchard grass alfalfa In th, wheat thi* *prlng, but Z, "hit	'	n0t Who maiden, pure ami sweet defiled. a saturated solution of quinine. 4. ! dissolved by alcohol. 4. Keep only a
rives on n variety of soils, but it for reasons unnamed we did not do so. Almm*	iin» \ a u u	He did not K° “to feed the guns,”	Lemon is a splendid thing to keep on tea or coffee service with a pair of
wi not do well on undrained soil. It Can I plow thie ground after wheat ia	° W‘	Ho went to save from ruthless Huns your 8*nk to rub on y°ur hands after candlesticks on the sideboard. Lacks'’ ve ry resistant to drouth and does removed and get the alfalfa in so aa her(1 of	nr y.	1 pr0Zf a His home and country, and to be	yu.u are through with the dishes. It ing the service or a handsome tray,
better than other grasses in shady to have it get a start for fall? I will	kTT K n ^ A guardian of democracy.	takes away the stains, freshens your have a good-looking receptacle for
places such as in orchards. In very much appreciate any advice aa to not d^sim d!	18	v ,	handa and makes them »weet and fruit. Keep all small silver neces-
oruer to assist in getting a good stand, the proper handling of this problem.	._______ I ' What ,f he does not come?” you say; clean. 6. Hemstitching can be very sary to everyday us* out of sight. The
you would do well to give the ground Answer ;—In order to get a good Qnmm»r ruf«u«tiAn r nu u a Ab' well! My sky would be more neatly done on the sewing machine aim is to keep all dignified and free aV,ho°L°UghIy dre88ing of manure or 'tand of alfalfa, I would advise you	" Cultivation of Old Meadows. gray,	in this wayMM ¦ 1 I I I I 1 I I	¦
add 200 or 2f>0 lbs. of fertilizer to the to cut your wheat, as you have plan-	. ° yeara» on the average farm, is	But through the	clouds	the sun would
acre at the time the seed is sown. J ned. Fall plow the field fairly deeply	quite long enough to leave meadows shine,
Question—H.F.:—I wish to know and top-dress with about a ton of	down» for best results and greatest	And vital memories be mine,
if I could put my second cutting of ground limestone per acre If the profits- They should then be broken God’s test of manhood is, I know, clover into my alio. Would It make a soil will not wash or puddle, let it|Up and cultivated for other crops. Not “will he come?” but “did he better grade of feed than it would to stand till spring. As soon as the Deep Ploughing is not necessary nor My son well knew that he might die, cut it for hay? If It is a	good plan	soil can	be worked add four or five	need the furrowa	be 8et u? with a	And yet he	went, with purpose high,
to put it into the silo, please give me	loads of	manure per acre and thor-1	narrow P^ugh.	Rapid	work at this	To fight for peace, and overthrow
some instructions aa to how I should oughly disk the field until it is smooth 1 time of year is eaaential- A two-fur- The plans of Christ’s relentless foe. haadle u-	-	and mellow. When a good seedbed	roW PIough» Wlth	three	horses, willf	He dreaded	not the battlefield;
Answer:—Some farmers	claim to	has been	obtained, sow from 20 to 25	turn over a *arKe	.>iece	of land in i	He went to	make fierce vandals yield
have successfully ensiled clover of, lbs. of alfalfa seed per acre at the day" At the cIose of each day the If he comes not again to me second cutting. My personal experi-Jsamo time that you drill in about a ar,®a Ploughcd that day should be I shall he sad; but not that he ence in handling the second crop of bushel of barley or wheat per acre , *d Thls breaka the lumps, presses Went like a man—a hero true— clover in this way has not been very In order to insure a good stand I down the Arrows, re-establishes con- His part unselfishly to do. favorable. The ensilage which re- would advise you at this time to drill aecU°n between the surface soil and My heart will feel exultant pride suited did not seem to be readily eaten also 200 to 300 lbs. of fertilizer ^he 8ubao1 • bringing up the moisture That for humanity he died by the stock. In my opinion, a bet- analyzing 2 to 3% ammonia, and 10 fro,m the latter to aid in rotting the JP™ — ter grade of feed from this material to 12% available phosphoric acid sod* .	Forgotten grave!” This selfish plea
be obtained by making it into hay. This available plantfood will give your I After rollin^ discing and harrowing Awakes no deep response in me,
Question—L.C.K.:—We have a piece young alfalfa plants a quick and vig-' shotfId .not bc dclayed* With such For though his grave I may not of land which is pretty wet, but can- orous start, and will in nearly all estivation one retains a surface My boy will ne’er forgotten be. not afford to tile it. Would you think cases, insure a good stand Cut the mulch’ °P*ns, aerates and fines the My real son can never die; it would do	It any good to sub-soil it?	barley as soon as	it is ripe and give	8oil and destroys many bad types of	'Tis but his body that may lie
Would it drain any better?	It is sur-	the young alfalfa	crop a chance to	n.0X10Ua w®eds and with the co-opera-	in foreign land, and I shall keep
face-drained but has not got a good make a strong growth during the rest Uon uf the aummer sun this work is Remembrance fond forever, deep outlet Would like your opinion on It of the summer.	i moat effective. With the present Within my heart of my true
scarcity of labor, this is the cheapest1 Because of triumphs that he and most practicable method of weed It matters not where anyone the sheep. A little of it will go a long destruction and soil preparation for May lie and sleep when work is done way in preventing the animals from grain or even for hoed crops.
running down in condition. How- -After the sod is decayed, a rigid >r ^ matters not where some men live,
ol	„	, , . ever, as a rule it is pastured off and spring-tooth cultivator with wide my dear son his life must give.	The Fairy of the Fountain.	“Oh, how I wish I could see it!” extra ma	nth "a	kJu’	proves valuable in	keeping the lambs	points should be kept goin at inter-	Hosannas I will sing for him,	The	Fairy	of the	Fountain	and	the	claimed	Freda, clasping	her	hands.
rlna.lv that	nTL/h/' f	%o	in condition after	being weaned, and	vais until autumn. Then the land	E'en though my eyes with tears be Little	Boy of	the Fountain are	not	the	“Well,”	said	th2	fairy,	relenting,
th. roots are exhaua^H	in ****** *P the breeding stock.	should be thoroughly ploughed, as dim.	same. The Little Boy of the Foun- “I’ll bring it just foi a moment to the
Fork of ah.pn ia an rr.ll t * There are a few precautions, how- deep as the humus or plant food in the And when the war is over, when tain is a small image who sits by the top of the basin if, as soon as you '	// tIM 11,1	, S.CV V* ever> which must be observed in order 8oil will allow. On the Dominion His gallant comrades come again, waters, day in and day out, with up- have se»n it, you w»il shut your eyes
make nrofiuhla ual f ’ ? l a to avoid Ios8‘ U *8 a feed which Illustration Stations, some results have HI cheer them as they're marching lifted finger, beckoning the birds to again while you count ten.” nmv*. i. i I/*». m*A i ^	readily causes scouring and bloating been obtained in comparing the sum- by,	drink or bathe in the basin that he Freda promised, and before she
P. , ' ‘	' ',gs l!!u, 111 erna 1>ara if care is not exercised at the first mer cultivation of sod land with fall Rejoicing that they did not die.	holds in his lap.	»	could have believed it possible, the
1 h inmha hmiM h»v a k>	Turn the flock on in the middle of the Ploughing the same, which indicate And when his vacant place I see,	And how many, many birds come at fairy drew to the top of the water
?	t ®ha 1	afternoon the first time or two when very clearly the benefit derived from My heart will bound with joy that he his mute call I Freda could tell you, pipe the most wonderful little churn
this fall	y	mar 6 e<1 tbe rape *8 P®*"f®c*ly dry. After a summer cultivation as outlined above. Wa&_mine so long—my fair young for she is always watching for such —just a little bigger than a thimble
Run. is an .vr.ll. +	4 k f®w days sheep may be left on it con- I* addition to the greater yield ob-	aon—	things. But how the fairy got there, and brighter than any star. “Now
j	n.. ar 8,.eep' tinually, but there should be grass Gained, it should be remembered that And cheer for him whose work is or where she really came from, Freda close your eyes,” she sl!J to Freda.
Fxn»rim.nt«	n~T. .w™' P»ature near the rape field to which the land la thereby put into mu h done.	never knew.	| Freda did as she had promised; and
•  .. ,t,et tney the sheep have free access.	cleaner condition for subsequent crops.	—Dr. James L. Hughes. According to the little girl herself, when she opened her eyes once more
y.y¦**£)* °° 11 • “««crop	______ _______ Two fields of 4 acres each were tak-	-------*------ it all happened in this way:	As she there was no fairy anywhere to be
V™*	*_ grown, and where	en; the first field was ploughed after	The Duty of the Individual.	was sitting one morning by the foun- seen—only a wee yellow bird perched
LiM L fn 1,nH^vfnt*1 t e ‘7	** , American com crop is reported harvest, was cultivated occasionally Strict economy is needed in the use tain, feeding the goldfish, she fell to on the finger of the Little Boy of the
will be	found	advantageous	to	have	¦	favorable	from	a	majority of the big during the summer and autumn and	of all food stuffs by each	and	every	wondering what it was that made the	Fountain. The bird trilled forth a
.eL,lL	it	i.	n.t	.”7»	k1 f7d:	iAl	aurp,u8	Producing	states.	ploughed in the autumn; the other	individual householder.	Our	food	water bubble up in	the basin in such	sweet note or two and then disappear.	..	paa,1. e	1 u# 18 *l*o	Thick necked onions are useless for	field	of 4 acres was left in sod and	supplies must be conserved, but they	a queer way.	Of course grandmother	ed* And almost immediately the wa-
wi1 11- T* C7p f0r ,,*??'	keeping. Be careful to select onions	also	ploughed in the autumn. The	should not be hoarded. Of what use	could explain	It all; but then that	ter began to ripple again in the basin
. „	„	pastures^	become a little	with a thin neck if they are wanted	oats	from the summer-cultivated	is a mine unopened, a forest untouch-	would atop the	wondering, which in it-	where the goldfish were at play,
ary, .ape	may be cut	and drawn to	for keeping.	field	gave a yield of 15 bushels more	ed or land untilled ? By the conserva	self was such	fun! Suddenly a wild	So Freda will tell you that now she
per acre than the field ploughed hi	tion of our food supplies,	we	mean	canary flew toward	her, and perched	knows just how it happens that the
the autumn. This difference of 60	that they should be used in	the	wisest	on the finger of the	Little Boy of the	wster comes bubbling up: that it is a
bushels on the four-acre field at 50 possible way and shared equally. We Fountain; but the strangest thing was **ttle fairy churning away at a golden cents a bushel shows a total gain of should eliminate superfluities and lux- that, instead of singing Freda a song, churn. If anyone tells Freda that $30.00. Counting the coat of sum- urjes and eat the things that are sub- it began to speak to her!	she must have been asleep and dream-
By I. J. Mathews.	mer cultivating at $4.00 per acre, a 8tantial, plain and nourishing. There “Little girl," it said, “shut your eyes1 in8. she answers that if she had been
It has been quite a long time since!major businesses of the farm, partie- toW cost of $16.00 for the 4 acres, an	are many foods produced in Canada	for just a moment."	asleep she	would	surely	have	fallen
farmers have taken any great in- ; ular attention must be paid to the pas- increase in net profit of $14.00 or	guch as corn, peas, beans, oats and	Freda did so, and when she opened	'"to the fountain and got	most	dread-
terest in sheep, and for this reason ture upon which they graze, since $3.50 per acre was obtained. The	barley, which are notas much as they	them again, behold, standing right on	fully wot
the oncoming generation knows very there seem to be a number of internal 80,1 °* the cultivated field being in a	couid and should be. Unless provision	the edge of the basin, was the tiniest
little about the particular points of and external parasites that prey upon much Oner condition and almost free	ja made to care for and properly use	and loveliest little figure that you can
* ur. that are necessary to make the the woolly creatures. After sheep from weeds, the difference in the pro- the garden vegetables, much of this imagine!	To give an idea of the value of bees
she. |, business a paying one.	have pastured upon one piece of land fita ^rom *he two fields, if worked material will be wasted. Perishable “1 am the Fairy of the Fountain,” in agriculture, it is stated by a Ger-
two seasons it is high time that they	aIike’ »hould be almost	as great the	things	should be canned wherever pos-	the little creature said at once. “You	man writer that an	ordinary	colony
were moved to the next pasture.	following season.	eible.	Rhubarb, tomatoes and other	were wondering what made the water	during Summer contains an average
Another point that often comes up	Roots.—28 rows of	sugar beets	vegetables should be put away for	bubble up In such a funny way. It	of 20,000 foragers.	Of these	80 fly
regarding sheep is that of shelter dur-	fiTown on summer-cultivated land pro-	winter	use.	is I who make it do that, with my little	from the hive to the	pasturage	every
ing the winter. When it is taken into duced 10% tons, while 36 rows of the	-------?------- golden churn. If you don’t believe minute; therefore, taking the working
consideration that when winter draws same lenffth grown on land simply	C. P. R. Saves Food.	me, just notice how still the water is hours as from 7 o’clock in the morn-
ate üfc sis! ate
ten up the ragweed, and other for-	«o doubt, contribute some-1 The officer looked the men up and ' es much *s *weib,e «" rooking. Sour jf wilh "
elgn planta in the corn field, they Kay thing to the loam of aheap end wheth- down. then very triumphantly pointed m,,k *nH rr**m ,to t*.u£lued, end, Hut Freda could only succeed in get-
K'vzyitjzf.zr.s «zrÆ	tri îruîut; slv* " - •—
t ayA-r.	wr a =s „=	? ss c = ~ «maryer jsrjzarss z :
peature» that are intended for break-	protection from	dog, can be	legialeted	“Half of it’s on your	foot!"	serving of food*," eaid Mr. Pratt, “the	nt(r from ^ *nger
Ing, sheep do.excellent work since	through,	sheep	men should	take pre-	Private Sparks	glanced	down at	the	«reful serving of bread Is very ne	The fairy «hock her h-ad
they sprout the stumps so completely	eeutlooa	by building high	dog-proof	tiny grease spot	ceseary. Three slices of .bread from	.hotrld be afraid of le,,-z
"Just I	the loaves at present supplied, with	.» mv fun wo„|d
I one pet of butter, era ample fof in end and ever."
“I'm sure that if you did
grandmother w
The object of this department la to place at the aervlce of our farm readere the advice of an acknowledged authority on all subjects pertaining to aolle end crops.
than pays for itself
2U
Z Æ
comes?
Address «Il questions to Professor Henry Q. Bell, le cere of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear in this column In the order In which they are received. As space la limited It la advisable where Immediate reply le necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when the answer will be mailed direct
The straw
Henry
Belt
suits
3
car be removed with Most medicine stains can be

Draw the number of from a cluttered-up mixture threads desired and baste the edge of the dining-room table use a runner or the hem in the center of the drawn square of crash hem-stitched with a threads. Lengthen the stitch on the bit of cross stitch or a round center-machine and stitch on the very edge of piece of oyster-white linen with a the hem. Pull the bastings out and heavy filet insertion and.edge, pull the edge of the hem to the bot- j E.F.:—A canning outfit may be tom of the drawn threads. Hem- made in five minutes. All you need: stitching done this way can scarcely A wash boiler, a false bottom for it, be distinguished from that done by made of laths or sticks, or of corrugat-hand. 6. A little baking soda sprin- ed tin with holes punched in it; a kled over fruit when stewing will pre-1 square of cheesecloth to hold fruits or vent the juice boiling over. It will vegetables when dipping into hot wa-a .o Reduce the quantity of sugar re- ter; a kettle. Principles of h)me
?k il, — ? Apply salts of lemon to canning fruits and vegetables: Wash the ink spots on the pink cotton dress.1 and cleanse the food; blanch by plac-8. To get rid of beetles, sprinkle ing it in boiling water; plunge im-equal parts of red lead, sugar and mediately and momentarily into cold flour, mixed, near the holes.	water; pack food in hot jars, add boil-
I* To make a fountain that ing syrup or boiling water; place u I delight the convalescent child you rubbers and tops in position half air-should get a small glass bottle and tight; submerge jars in boiling water nearly fill it with water. Then bore a in the wash boiler and cook; tighten hole through the cork and place a j the tops.
For
/
f
v»
go
I
Lulu
can
see,
outside of fairyland,” she said, “and they are scarce enough there.”
“How big is it?” asked Freda. “And is it all bright and shining?”
“It's bigger than a thimble,” said the fairy, “and brighter than any star.”
»
if/m

son,
won
)
Stories
%
A
¦
FACTORS IN SHEEP RAISING
Value of Bees on Farms.
Desirable aa Scavengers.
As scavengers, sheep are certainly good and for this reason alone a dozen or fifteen head of sheep might well be carried on a farm of ordinary si say one that contains a hundred and
an average 100 fine days when bees are able
frequently 200,000.000 blossoms may be fertilized by the bees of
When only one-tenth of
grass
their

CO
num-
Still, you may try it her of 20,000,000 fertilizations to each
I dony.

Liquid manure la good for phlox, hollyhock, delphiniums and most other
The
•ragus bed ah ng. h
Id make
y growth now, ml to a good yield of
1 g -od s it, and then which i led forever gh
M,
il
“Ah, yea, air,” he agreed.
for the tat ply a good fert lose R my per cent of nit get you an i*f phosphoric a
Ap-
of pasturage. The nighU Under present conditions, half!” following spring this land can he however, there can be no doubt but
thet it will pay to take on a few sheep, Potatoes cooked in their “jackets”
*VM w‘lh fll h"r '	hi whe lose 1 per cent of their nourishment,
ee the venture should know the and when cooked without they lose 14
ing the first

to 4
order. Deep pies with one crust only, either meat or fruit, should be used In preference te pies with top and other or bottom crust. Open fruit or jam tart.
also should be used.”
ton,. 6 to 8 d and ft to 8
an be had.
( ent.
broken very well
Id let m
i" cent If only
mount of
HH* argued F
Rotate the Where sheep are kept as one of the
<.f p
re ferti
f
Un't another one like it to be found potash is



i f a na i M
e that
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
GRANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
Earl Grey Dead
Karl G ivy, former Governor General of ( '«matl;^ died at six o’clock on Tues-
THE EQUITY.
PAYMENTS
une
> One of Canada's Notable Women
1 2ft
July 10 XV. J. Eudes, J. 1\, declarations....
21	Mrs. Chapman, caretaking...........
22	H. S. Harnett, auditor.............
XV. .1. Hades, J. V., declarations....
John Emerson, caretaking...........
R. A. Hodgins, caretaking..........
20	Florence Morrison, earetaking......
27 Legal Hlank Printing Co., supplies..
Aug. 4 K. XV. Hodgins, auditor................
ft ThovS. Burton, caretaking..........
Postage and registration...........
James Howard, fencing..............
21) John Emerson, broom.................
Kept, ft Family Herald and Weekly Star ... 11) Harry Stevenson, repairing building
Oct. 4 Geo. XV. Hale, damper...................
(> Lawn Bros, water pail..............
12	H. A. Harris, painting.............
1% Express on maps......................
27 K. N. Moyer, Maps and board... .
30 C H. Hodge, school fair..............
Nov. 4 B. J. Burgess, contract........ ... ..
1) Mrs. Thom is Burton, caretaking.... Il XV. II. Liughrcn, repairing fence...
13	H. A. Harris, re]miring.............
Dec. 1 Mrs. B. Chapman, earetaking.............
1 B. J. Burgess, contract.............
4	( iiissiv l>ra|K*r, work at wood...
4 Thos. Wall, work at glass.............
ft Sara .1. Wilson, supplies............
0 J. P. Carson, land....................
7 Stewart Lcitch, wood..................
7 H. A. Harris, repairs.................
1) Mrs. Thos. Abbott, earetaking........
10 H. A. Harris, land....................
Miss L. Smith, supplies.............
IS Wesley Pirie, windows.................
is J. J. Morrison, wood.......... .......
IS Willis Hodgins, earetaking............
11) XX. Rimer, registration deeds........
21	S. A. Mackay, deeds.................
21 L. S. Smiley, supplies................
21 C. L. A. Tucker, freight..............
ft OO
0 00
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 6, 1917. |d*y	of last week at Howick
House, Northumberland, after -» Ion
illness, lie was 66 years old.
o
50
0. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. Hodoins, Bee. Secy.
18 (X) 20 (X) 11 (X)
An effort will U* made to wind up the business of Parliament on Saturday of this week.
O. G. MvDowkll, W. M.
ns. JUI.IA HRNSUAW, ot Vancouver, was made a Fellow of the Rov.al Geographical Society during one of her lecturing tours Ju England, being the first Canadian w> man to ho so honored.
This unique distinction is ono veil merited by Mrs. Hennhaw for she has, both ou lier private account and as a member of the Alpine Club ot Canada, explored great stretches of the Rocky Mountain district, to the signal enrichment of geographic science. Her book, "Mountain Wild Flowers of Canada" and her other book with the similar title, "The
M
The deceased statesman had a notable
career. Lord Strathcona describ'd Karl
______	_	Grey as " a statesman and a philanthro-
, x, . « ii. .h.. I pi*t in the best sense." His active Hon. Arthur Metghvn, why tas • 11 career comprised not only theadminis-
filied the office of Solicitor General tor 11 rat ion of the Government of Rhodesia time past, became ii full Hedged and representation of the British Government as ( lovet nor ( lem l of ( Canada
but industrial and financial o;*erat ions .in the development of South Africa. State in the Borden cabinet. 1 he ap- mnv 0f the most noted movements to
point ment is regarded as an acknow- which he gave his support and in which
ledgmvnt of outstanding ability. Mr. he was a leading spirit, was the Public
House Trust Company, of England, an enterprise designed to supplant the ordinary saloon for the sale of intoxicat-His great in- jng liquors by the establishment of well
» 1ft
6 00
L. O. L. No. 27, meet* l*t Tuesday of each
mont h.
Howard Dal*
XV. M.
2 00
Reu. Rodions, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on ! he 1 ith Of SAOh moot h
II. N. Hoduinr.
\\T. Comp. In Com
08
31) 00
40
1 Oft
><>me
cabinet minister on Monday of last week when he was sworn in as Secretary of
8ft 02
RkO. lIopoiNH, Com. Seril»e.
3ft
ftO
10 00
Shingles for Sale.
70
8 89 7ft 00 7ft <H) 3 00 2 ft 0 10 00 0 00 2ft0 IX)
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
H. T. ABOVE,
Shaw ville, Que.
Meighvn has shown himself to bo one of brainiest men who ever sat in the Par-

liament of this country
dustry and remarkable capacity for I conducted public houses, and to discour
rk has made him one of (lie most | »f»‘ the use of intoxicants by substitu
tton of tea and coffee.

Wild Flowers of British Columbia," are treasure-trove to the botanists oi to the simpler lovers of (lowers, to whom a pretty primrose is—a primrose.
Wo
FOR SALE
valued of the Premiers lieutenants
7 ft
l IX) *
30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
H. W. HODGINS,
Sbawville
Canadian Bacon will be Taken
so
One of the conditions imposed or
The F.1 Controller, in a statement 1° her lectures across the water
PMlpSplM
IvUrt Horden from the leadership o! home consumption m the Dominion is \jr8 Henshaw which is quite unique
such proposed union administration, essential it sufficient quantities are to fa its great extent and completeness.
and the substitution of either Sir George be release. I for export to Great Britain This lecturer has added hundreds ot
and our European Allies.	names to the list or known Uowcri
What the British Government has in nature's garden, and may he term-This demand on the done is to prohibit the import of bacon, ed a constitutional "tinder" in this
part of the Westerners a routed the ire of butter, hams and lard except under li* 1	d 1 .	. .	. _
..“...........-..... *....*	M	HS
-i—< .i...	.I»'»-	».«h.	of	ta; 25	srs&tsj
prop,'sal by pacing a resolution expies- and will make all purchases through { that Mr. William Henderson, who f their esteem for Kir Robert and this agency loginning Kept. 3rd.	j wrote a number of works on folk-
The establishment of this agency will j lore and angling. She v an born in make ; possible international action !*•- ! Durham, not so many years ago, and
tween the British,	United	Si	|	ind	preserved the nsme	of her Irfrthplaee
nounced that he is willing to	step	out	of	Canadian Food Controllers.	Vnre	B	her	pen-name,	which is seen
office or do anything that will contri- stricted individual competition in buy- | ubiquitously, Julian Durham.”
rMi %% JStta
( iom innienf iuus>ai).	I tribute*! profusely Ij The Girls' Own
Paper, The Canadian Magazine, The Graphic, Sketch, The Queen, Lady's Pictorial, and The Traveller. As an author, she has produced the volumes, "Hypnotized? or the Exp»ri-ot Kir Herbert Galbraith"; i "Why Not, Sweetheart?" ami the two books on flowers already referred to.
This clever Anglo-Canadian lady was married in 1887 to Mr. Charles Grant Honshuw, of Montreal. She had a place on thw editorial staff of .	The Vancouver Province during the
D 1H >a,d that a years 1894-98. Latterly her time .1 tew girls who were not there were has been principally devoted to giv-press last luesday. 1 he 1 resident keenly disappointed.	iug lectures, illustrated with her
makes it clear that a lasting and durable The corn crop around here has been views.
peace can be negotiated only by a com- damaged somewhat by raccoons..Mr* Henshaw gave her lecture,
.	..	. .	.	One of our schools re-oix'dcd three fhe Awakening of X ancouver Is-
1‘lete understanding with the German wwkl< ago with a nice new teacher. land," In London before the Royal
people and not alone on unstable guar- A “ «lmke-down ” is existed to come C01011^1 Institute. A large and ap* antees of the existing Government. In off at the town hall shortly. For full | Çrc^iap'.t'„^dl^liSerîw<“i
other words, the impression is given particulars ask Uncle Dudley, who is previous to the lecture, the speaker
getting along line since lie got the 0f (he evening was the guest of the
Niv. Council of the Royal Colonial Institute at a dinner in the Whitehall Rooms. Mrs. Hensbaw has done great work exploiting the wonders of Vancouver Island as she has reçu
26 ft 4
9 7ft
9 70 G ix) 50 00 1 35
J
CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
50
2 00 2 IX) 4 50 10 00
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin
f hydro
Foster or Kir Adam Reek electric faint
Elmside Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
- First Friday,
1 Ml
7.1
1!»17
100 0()
Jan
3 li. J. Burgess, contract.......
3 John Dmigal A Son, teachers. 3 Mrs. Win. Claude, cleaning... 3	(i. XV. 1 >nlc,supplies......
8	Janies Kennedy, wood.........
10 J. J. Morrison, wood............
I ft li. K. McRae, painting........
17	Florence Morrison, earetaking.
18	Miss J. L. Hyde, supplies ....
19	IL A Harris, contract.........
23 Edward I Jagg, wood.............
23 Roliert Robitaille, w<nh!.......
23 J. E McOuat, school grounds.
31 IL H. Sturgeon, wood............
3 T. A. Draper, visiting..........
3 R. J. Tracy, visiting ..........
6	Mrs. J. A. Dean, earetaking..
7	Miss Caldwell, supplies.......
9	Alex. Desjardins, wood........
9	8. Langford, express..........
10	Mrs. Abbott, earetaking.......
16	Joseph Hill, wood.............
17	V. McVagg, work..............
22 XV. H. Laughren, visiting.......
wood..........
26	II. Shade!, repairing.........
27	Thos. Burton, caretaking......
March 2 V. N. Moyer Vo., map and desk
3 Thos. Wallace, repairs..........
3 Phone message, Miss Harrison.
6 James Judd, wood................
10 E. T Hodgins desks..............
10 J. L. Sparling, lock............
10 G ustave Rose, wc>od............
14	0. F. Hodgins Co., supplies...
1 i J. II. Shaw
ttilh .ittended caucus on Wednesday
!H)
3 50 35 35 6 (
3 is) 43 10
7	00 1 70
22 25 6 Oi) 28 17 20 IN) 30 IN)
9 10
8	IX) 20 IN)
5 75 14 80
Wyman
Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday,
ot each month.
SIW
I
unwavering faith in his leadership. Although Sir Hubert Borden has an

Bute to harmonising political differences md bring about a concentration of energies in prosecuting the war, it is clear the Conservative party will not en dotsv any union arrangement that excludes him from the reckoning. And
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
-FOR —
Ft‘by
DUNRAVEN
Shawville and District
TO SK1.L FOR
Xugnst 28.—All the farmers around________
why should it In the words of Dr. j Dunraven tire having delightful weather ! ment
Michael Clark, Sir Robert is the only finishing the harvest
man capable of leading the Government j	there was a lovely
during the crisis through which the |	three of our young lady friends
wore the musicians. (1 haven't i*ermi>-sion to give their names.) 1 might add that the waltzing was of the most graceful character
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
80
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1017. and Spring Planting. 1018. including many new varieties which we alone control.
(i 00
50
7 50 5 50 40 50
mtry is passing
Send for new Illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commission*.
22
President Wilson's note, rejecting the lV'jH's j>eace proposals, was given to the
1 25
7 00 31 49 5 75
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
Ontario
Toronto
50
55 50
M2 00
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Homeseekers’
Excursions
50
33 00 10 18
supplies.......
14	O. E. Wain man, supplies..
15	Willis Hodgins, va retaking..
19 II. J. Burgess, contract....
22 Mrs. T. B. Draper, supplies 22	“	44	“ caretaking
1 (X)
that iH*ace negotiations will not be entered into with a set of men who have so ruthlessly set aside all treaties and conventions which have stood in the
way of their ambition» echemes. _	| Sept. 1.—Mr. II. Maxwell and I: them
F he note indicates that the American J. Robinson motored to Shawville on I "She has explored," gays a British Government does not intend )K>st helium Friday to attend the Masonic meeting. Columbia w riter, many new dis-reprisals on the German people, , Mre .C- J- pinson has returned tricu in this Province, of whoa? vast-
but desires in the interest of	Iafter .s,amd,ng some t.me m t^ue
15
springs
7 00 60 00 2 II 20 00 73 35 14 00 2 53 13 00 6 00 21 50 60 00 7 90
WALTHAM
24	8. K. Hodgins, insurance..................
31 W. C\ Belsher, wood.........................
April 4 Montreal Star Publishing Co., advertising
6	John Greenshields, wish! .................
16	Mrs. Thos. Abbott, earetaking............/
17	Alliert Elliott, wood.....................
17	R. J. Burgess, contract...................
28 W V. Harris, visiting.......................
30 Miss L. M Draper, cleaning..................
May 1 Joseph Hill, wood..............................
2 Mrs. (J. M. Donaldson, safe................
5 Miss J. L. Hyde, piling wood...............
7	Stewart Hodgins, banking school...........
11 Mrs. J. A. Dean, curetaking.................
15	H. Shade), clock..........................
18	W. R. Grant, repairs .....................
>	19 James Fulford, work at building............
21	R. J. Burgess, contract...................
26	G. F. Hodgins Co., supplies...............
June 2 Mrs. R. Chapman, caretaking...................
9 R A. Hodgins, caretaking...................
9 G. F. Ib'dgins Co., register....
11 Thos. W. Hodgins, supplies ....
Sherbrooke Record, Teacher want ad
16	Mrs. Thos Abbott, caretaking.
16 Mrs. J H RoU*rtson, supplies . lo 11 A. Harris, <
caretaking........
16 Kyle Smiley, caretaking...........
16 James Kennedy, exemption..........
18 Clarence Carson, contract.........
fl J A Cowan, printing...............
22	R. J. Burgess, contract.........
22 Miss E. M. Caldwell, caretaking 25 Miss E M. Palmer, “
25 Win Palmer, supplies..............
27	C Caldwell, board...............
28	Miss L. J. Hyde, supplies .....
29	Miss L. E Smiley, supplies ...
29	44	44	44 earetaking.
44
To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta ami British Columbia, May
to (k'tober, 1917.
(khkI going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 80th, 1917. Return limit two calendar months from date of sale.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER.
•	Agent Shawville.
uess those of us who reside in Rice have often a more imperfect concep-
jieace that they In- allowed to .hare in T Mr. and Mrs. Porter visited friends up '	,tUji.n hai-e those who form lb.
international economic opportunities “if Black River for a few days last week, j	U xi,SJ au!,n-w°Cl° y
Mr. Robert Creighton is visiting hi* correcting misconceptions parents at present.	#	This brilliant woman of research*
to . t	-.lii ^*rs	*‘"''l,1>un l‘iU^ a ^>‘no *nd revelation is member of a num-
riie n"tv,	with it< uneqtinocal de-	visit to Waltham last week.	her of the organizations in	which Cali unciation of	German military auto-	A little girl arrived on August 18th	nadiau women fraternize.	She be-
er acv is believed to reflect accurately t° gladden the home of Mr. and Mrs. longs to the Canadian Society of
W. Fletcher.	Authors (as well as to the Society of
Mr. W. H. Robinson has gone to Aut{?ors. England) and holds office
Ottawa to undergo an operation on his l^e Vancouver X\ omen s Canadian
m v-	• n il • j I tiirt.it	Club. She is also a member—a most
flic National Service bill was signed threat	.	,	.	....	. ! active one—of the Canadian Alpine
by the Governor	General at Toronto	(^.,u.tv ,a 11,1,11 "1 . V.1"	Iv.-v''*' j1	Club,	in	which last	organization	she
lut Tm-day. and	is, tbmfo*. now a	^ ,he ,mrty 8t Mr	^'Utshniiy	zootinue,	to	be a	member,	though
law of this Dominion ; it will not, how- 1 ever, come into force until a royal proc-
1,1,1 ‘ j	’ tM 1,1 !hn 11 .lnl° I	pA PAYMENT nf TELEPHONE	PAIIt	Jf her efforla the Militia Department
It is expected	this proclamation will be| rATWcni or iCLCrnulH	UALLo	hag made her CapU Julia	Henshaw.
issued in a couple of weeks. A large
numlier of exemption tribunals w ill De j phone Company, Limited, are reminded appointed to act	at various |»oints	that all amounts due for	Local or Long
throughout the country and men will	Di^nce l alls must le	|*aid promptly
have to apply to these tribunal* if they1 at the end of each mon,h ,hr desire exemption. Those w ho are not exempted must serve, and those who do not go More the tribunals to claim ex-« nipt ion will Ite presumed to have no I = reason for exemption. This applies to every man between the ages of 20 and 35. After the pro/Tamation, ever) man between the ages given who is not exempted liecomes a soldier or a servant of the state in some cajmcity.
Unless very thorough methods are adopted for disseminating this informa Ron throughout the country, a large number of men will come within the PI a ration of the Act without the least knowledge of the fact. Ordinary methods of publication wili not suffice in this case. Despite our lioasted enlightenment, communities exist in remote |«arts of Canada whose inhabitants read little and who obtain only secondhand-more frequently distorted—re |«orta of things transpiring in the outside world. It is therefore obvious that due care should be taken that such people be not taken at a disadvantage with | regird to the provisions of this far-reaching measure.	1
liée
Very for one. is
5 00
they will accept equality ami not dotn ination.”
1 50 50 OH
1 20
3 00
5 00
7 50
I he attitude of the allied government*
1 00
5 00
100 00 11 06 10 00 20 00
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
the fact is an obvious one that she has "dumb."
Since 1914 she has devoted her time to war work, and in recognition
The noie head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and ha* since continued to lie, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Domii.ioe Land m Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must apjiear in |>er»on at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of three years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 j>er acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead |»atent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per a^re. Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
HoUfern o( entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned mol diem who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent * office (but not Bub Agency). Discharge papers moat be presented to Agent.
50
6 05
NOTICE
15
1 74
6 00
1 20
12 75
Subscril>crs of the Pontiac Rural Tele
A Matter of Change.
“What a change a woman can make In a man’s life!*' sighed the very young man.
, ,	.	"Right you are. my boy," sk-hed the
< Iperator, >lr*. L. Armstrong,. hawxillv, mnty haired man who bad been up i Mi M 1 •	• h. Poitage du h-rt
K. W. HODGINS,
Secretary
16
6 00
12 00
3 00
32 50 28 75 30 00 15 00 20 00 2 00 62 40
against the matrimonial game for many years, "and what n lot of change the requires while doing it!"
15
Statement of Finances Clarendon Schools.
30
20 00
29	Mrs. R Chapman,
30	Walter Elliott, exemption........
30 Florence Morrison, earetaking 30 Holly Elliott,	*
30 Willis Hodgins,	u
30 A 8. Elliott, wood.................
30 W. H. I.*ugliren, earetaking .... 30 Thos. Burton, “	•,.,.
30 Montreal Daily Star, advertising
30 R J, Burgess, contract.............
Ht ui g desks..
Special notification ratepayers ..
Taking of Census.................
Postage and stationery...........
Assistant Secretary, salary......
Teachers’ salaries...............
Arrears, June 30, 1917...........
4 00
14 00 13 00
7 00
11 00 12 67 20 00 11 00
\
1916
June 30 Cash on hand................
Arrears taxes, 1916.......
Collection I II, 1910 1917
Fees, 1916-1917...........
Official cheque P. 8. F ..
$1663 38 361 15 5319 48 616 00 70 69 467 61 150 00 20 00
2 53
20 00
is
30
8 40
4 00
10 00 12 00 313 20 5378 10 1076 63


44
Rent for School No. 5..................*
J. M. Hodgins and Bert Hodgins, rent of bool for i* »11 .......
Miss8. E. Armstrong overpaid as caretaker
Sale of School Journals............. . .
T Highland.	¦¦
Miss Nick le*, fees .. .1 Joseph Belanger s fees Miss Scott, last term.
Pension Fund, 2&% teachers' salary Balance due .Secy. Treasurer......
7 95
6 00
--------- $9075 31
We, the undersigned, have today examined the books and vouchers of the Secretary Treasurer and have found them comat, and mqwrtfully submit this Statement of Receipts and Expenditure, showing a balance due your Secretar)* Treasurer of $258.931 ; arrears of taxes, $1076.63* ; total surplus, $817.69*.
80
¦es
3 00
25
»
• •
2 50
*
4 10
W W. CORY,
I >eputy Minister of the Interior. N. B.—a nauthorised publication of this advertisement will not be paid for
134 45 258 93
H. 8. BARNETT. E. W. HUDGINS,
j Auditors,
Shawville, July 27, 191J
9075 31
\
02142259
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Pontiac School Fairs
HroKK MANY TON OU FA.
Ladies’ Apparel
H Weekly Journal devoted to loom Interests.
.'puan! of a Thousand Languages Among the Indians.
Tbe bureau of American etb ology if tbe Smlthionlan Institution, which conducts studies and Investigations among the Indians, Is constantly bombarded with request: for tbe Indian word" for this and that.
(t may be worth while to explain to tbe public, therefore, that there 's no Dne American Indian language. On the contrary there an about 1,000 ,
languages in the two Americas, and | Clarendon and Shawville School Fair in Shaw-
practically 500 distinct Indian languages north of Mexico. It becomes, then. Impossible to give "tbe" Indian word for any English equivalent, end consequently It Is usually chosen from the language of tbe tribe which inhabits, or once inhabited, *be particular section of the country from which the request comes:	for ex-
ample, the word may be cuosen from tbe Sioux, Delaware, Cherokee, Seneca. Zuni, or other language.
One of the exhibits oi the bureau ot American ethnology at the recent Panama-Pacific exposition at San Francisco was a large* placard. In tabular form, Intended to Illustrate the number and variety of Indian languages north of Mexico. Although oot exhaustive, It included 33 family groups and 167 different tribes. The equivalent of only one word was shown, the concept expressed by Latin homo, "human being." For example, a member of the Cherokee :ribe says "yunwi," while his former neighbor of the Creek tribe, says istl." The Delaware of tbe Algonquin says "in," for a male person, ind "lenno” or "lenape" for a human being. The eastern and central Eskimo use the word "Inuit," rnean-ug people, or "inuk," person, wbere-is his not far distant relative the Aleut, says "aliwut." The Zuni In-ilau expresses the word by "kwe," ind tbe Osage by "nikashiga." These few examples- show in how many ways, all different, this one Idea is
SETS. 2	%'S *: ! Straw and Felt Hats,
1cult to record that tbe American I	OrvAMf
inthropologlcal association appoint- I	opOPtanC! W OPK bMlPtS.
?d a committee some time ago to de-/ise a standard method for transcrib-ng them. Its report has just been published by the Smithsonian Insti-ution and is entitled "Phonetic Pranscrlption of Indian Languages."
(t goes intd detail as to the *>est and
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
suhsoription, $1 a Year in Advance.
tW All arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
\ cordial invitation is extended to all pupils and parents to the Pontiac School Fairs, to be held as follows :
Summer Wash Skirts
O
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 6 cents per fine or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In atruction* accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub llilied free of charge. Obituary poetry* declined.
Summer Wash Skirts in good weight of white This season’s styles with large pockets.
$1,25, to clear at $1.00
repp
ville Academy, Thursday, Sept. 6th.
Bristol School Fair in Town Hall at Maple Ridge, Thursday, Sept. 7th.
Campbells Bay School Fair on Separate School Grounds at Campbells Bay, Saturday Sept. 8.
Middies
1
Girl’s and Misses’ Middies in plain white, or with wide pink or 1)1 ue stripes from 10 years up to size 38.
To clear at 20 p. c. discount.
C. H. HODGE, B. S. A.,
Macdonald College Demonstrator.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Batiste Muslin
TAILORING-
Professional Cards.
Three pieces of Batiste Muslin, white background with pink and gold flowers, or pink flowers with small black stripe. Reg. 15c. per yd. to clear at 11c.
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
GRAY, BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Campbells Bay
Children’s Sox
In colors of pink, tan, sky.
Sizes 4 to 5i Per Pair 25c.
Rain Coats,
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
X
SCHOOL BOOKS
i
Que.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
All ready for School Opening, with Scribblers, Pens, Pencils, Ink, Erasers, Rubbers.
SHAWVILLE MARDLE AND CBANITE WORKS
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, 4c.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE. *
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
ind easily understood s intended primarily for philogists ind students of phonetics, and is de-iigned to show what Is necessary in
>rder to record an Indian language ______________________________
,rForrtunately for the student of In-	U fUl IT MI? W	1	011 hand the fln6St
lian linguistics, nearly ail tbe tribal m 11M11 R| I, Y I si stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
ind family languages may be class!-	Ill U11U 111 U11 1U	111/.	,	...
led into groups, so that it is not ne-	—	liients ever placed before the public
3ac”a'language* be^udies'tbe bwic of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending
and* following SiwiTSS ^chasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order md exceptions is able to comprehend elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
nuch of the speech of its several	°
tranches. He knows, according to Srimra’s law evolved years ago by >ur old friend, the compiler of the 'airy tales, that certain consonants correspond in all related languages, is for example, in German, the high lerman "das ' becomes "dat" in low 3erman; the s changing to t. The consonants 1, n, and r are also readily nterchangeable. Thus the scientist •ecognixer: the same word despite its lisguises. But it is not with a view >f disguising or making his speech listinctive that an Indian of one ribe pronounces a word differently 'rom one of another tribe, but because he cannot pronounce certain lounds. The Arapaho, Cheyenne, ind Caddo tribes have the sound of 1 but lack 1 and r; on the other hand he Kiowa, Apache, Zuni, and Cbero-tee have 1 and n, but lack r. The Moux call themselves by a nane neaning "allies," pronounced "Dacota" by those of the eastern or San-ee division; "Nakota" by the middle >r Yankton division, and "Dakota"
)y the western or Teton division; the atter division comprises all the ribee west of Missouri or about wo-thlrds of the whole nation. This example shows the three methods of expressing one word by the members >f a single family.
But besides these variances and nany others there are the eccentricl-les in speech of the individual, of he family proper, and of the camp group, all of which Intrude transient orms, Just as in the English speech >f North America we find variations >etween the speech oi a northerner,
& westerner, and a southerner. The jhilologlst has to beware all this, ind to sift and sort the languages to eliminate all such local and collo-luial accents, for It must be remembered that the speech of the vd man, s nçt a Written language with a grammar and a dictionary, except hose which his white friends have •volved for him. it is of interest and alue to know and record these var-ous aboriginal languages before they >ecome extinct, and .bat is one part if the work of the bureau of Ameri-an ethnology. In order to meet the lopular demand for Indian names for lostofflces, parks, villa sites, and out-ng organisations the bureau has ately compiled and Issued a circular, giving simplified forms in Osage,
Hack foot, Delaware, Cheyenne, Cbe-okee, Seneca, Chippewa, and other ndlan languages. Sore of these tames are especially Interesting and Quslcal In sound.
The report
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
G. F. HOGGINS GO. LTD.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
II
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, AC
ateful August days of 1914. It was •n the occasion when the . German Cmperor wrote his letter to Presi-ent Wilson admitting that the inva-lon of Belgium was due to military tecesslty
lepressed, and Mr. Gerard makes he following significant comment on he situation.
"It was not without reason that at his interview, when the kaiser wrote his message to tbe President, he aid that the coming in of England hanged the whole situation and vould make the war a long one. The wiser talked rather despondently ibout the war. I tried to ch'or him ip by saying the German troops vould soon enter Paris, but he an-
wered
itu.itmn: an obstinate nation; they vill keep up the war. It cannot end oon." It was tbe entry of England n the war, in defence of the rights if small nations, in defense of the guaranteed neutrality of Belgium, vhich saved tbe world from the iarsh dominion of the conquest-îungry Prussians and, therefore, ;aved as well the two Americas and heir protecting doctrine of President Monroe.”
Democracy of the World Was Saved by the English, Declares Jas. W. Gerard
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tT Visits Shawville every Saturday.
The kaiser was visibly
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
A ) vooate• Barrister, ac
a|| Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
VERY day which passes Is beginning to show more clearly how near democracy was to a cataclysm In the summer First one unlmpeach-
E
Hull.
196 Main St.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
if 1914
able witness and then another
:omes upon the scene to expose the
almost Incredible chain of buttresses
by which the German Government bad shored op the campaign of conquest which It launched Just three years ago. It hardly matters where :he human mind ranges, there It Inds evidence of carefully thought-aut plans for extending German kul-:ur and German domination time goes on, more and more witnesses come forward to prove that It was the entrance of Great Britain
When you require Printing
call at
»
The English change the
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Will be in Fort (Joulonge every Wed nesday and Shawville every Saturday,
I
<
As
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac,
HULL
a»
>
Venice Lights Are Dim.
In the old, happy-go-lucky days before the war the Venetians used to urn night into day in order to enter-ain the travelers who flocked to see .heir "glorious city In the sea.” It vas when night had fallen that the nuslc-boats, brilliantly lighted with colored lanterns, appeared on the 3rand Canal and In the Basin of St.
Mark. Soon they were surrounded >y hundreds of gondolas, filled with isppy travelers, unjoying tbe song ind music^and the gay and picturesque scene '
Now, alas, all Is changed! There ire no travelers and no music-boats.
Early In the evening all lights In pubic places and In private houses must >e shaded or extinguished. Gondolas ind boats are all tied up at their respective traghettos. Venice becomes «ti;iuglily silent and still.
Then when St. Mark’s clock strikes midnight a call clear and distant is beard. It brings a speedy answer.
Again call and answer are repeated.
They are heard by every one as they ;o circling around the city ire tbe words guard!
Ur! Keep a g
i m .”' )
light-watchmen from their coigns of vantage throughout the city.
Venice, secure from attack by h i >r land, la now liable to be assailed from the air. Therefore these watch men are set to keep a sharp lookout skyward, to look well to the sir, so
lhat they may give timely warning to .	_______
the cltisens. They	other	^
Zt Ml “p,	< uTBon.u,d. wiSZ I VILLAGE PROPERTY
md	«eg has park properties to the fmtantg^Wg^gË^gME^gSENg^^^g
These hourly calls sre therefore to f $73 acres, which cost for tbe land be Venetians welcome ones, even 1 lljlMB	m I Jill
.bough they should disturb their I wenty-one parks, and a large square •lumbers, for they thus get timely f four acres. Included in one of lotlce of the approach of danger so be parks I* a 100, which must be .hat they may take measures to save j aradlse for tbe kiddles. Tbe park s
•card also control the cemetery fbicb am we a surplus
Pontiac's Only Newspaper.
CEORCE E. MORENCY
Ü
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SUAVEYOR
THE MARKETS
PUBLIC NOTICE

ALL KINDS OF
. Division and Subdivision of g. Copying, and Reducing of Boundaries, dec.

Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municiqtality that the Valuation Roll, made by order of the School Commissioners of the Municipality, is deposited in my office, where it may be examined by the interested parties during thirty days from this notice, during which time any ratefwyer interested may, in writ in such Roll which shall consideration and homologated at a meeting of the School Commissioners to be held on Saturday 15th September, at one o’clock, p. m.
Given at Shawville,
August, 1917.
Surveying Lots, Drawln Plans, Lines,
SHAWVILLE


Flour per barrel $13.50 Wheat, pei bushel, $100 to 123 Oats,per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, $7.00.
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls 32c Potatoes per bag. 1.73.
Eggs per dozen 37c,
Wool, washed, 75c.; unwashed, 55c. Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 6.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
Kaeouted carefully to the eatlafao-
tlon of partie*.



Hull.
102 Wellington 9t.
Phone i Queen 5230.
GEORGE HYNES
g, complain of be taken into
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
MF - _V f SjSRü I '	^5 y
Parsanal ittention.Openallhours.
this 15th day of
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec.-Trees.
¦¦¦¦They Per Parla! buona “AlPerto! sto!” (On the d watch." "Alert! I They are uttered by the
The following are last Saturdays quot atlons :
Butter. In prints 40c to 42c Batter in palls 35 to 40c Eggs,fresh, nerdosen 43 to 47c Potatoes per bag. $2.23 Pork per 100 lbs $20.00 to 24.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $10.50 to $1 Gate per bushel 73c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.00
i *•
UNDERTAKING •«d EMBALMING
mu
FARM FOR SALE.
Good dairy farm, i*rt of Lots 4 5, first Concession of Bristol, containing 300 acres—100 valuable bush.
Will sell 200 acres of above property. For iparticulars apply to
O. T. DRUMMOND,
W. J. HAYES
and
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
I calls will receive prompt per sonal Attention
JAMES W. GERARD
nto the struggle that saved the day or democracy •at If y to the part played by England
” J #¦¦#¦¦¦#*#¦$¦#¦
ricaa Ambassador In Berlin wh* he war broke out He calmly tell* he people of the United State# that d saved, not only Europe but Iso America. Gerard tells of an in ervlew with the kaiser duririt the
The lateet man to
FOR SALE
PA"
W. Gerard, who waa Am-
This area la divided Into
FOR SALE.

For sale a property situated on the north side of Lang St., being lot No. 86. .	.	, _
A good dwelling bouse, stable, kitchen R*»wterei. Atrsmires and Oxfords.
" land well. Very centrally located. For Young stock of each breed. Apply to
! r^mtaMcCVAia 1	ARMSTKNG.
I

all countries. Ask for our.INVEN-OB9 AD VISER, which will be sent frea
MARION A MARION. '
364 University St» Montréal.
Shswvlile, Que
###PAGE###6###
.tî
in which they found themselves. Pass- n â II 117 A 17	|)A| 1/^17
ing through a door that communicated 11 fl II. Vf A I f II Ml. I
with another room they had taken but	.	_______
a few steps when they were suddenly	IP /^DITIPICIiR
confronted by an iron wall that had, to	Vlll 1 Ivlüti/
all appearances, dropped through the
ceiling and halted their progress.
When they turned about with the intention of retracing their steps a similar wall, or partition, dropped and! i terminated their progress. The three! men thus found themselves prisoners in a long narrow compartment, total darkness and deathly stillness surrounding them.
Suddenly above their heads, sounding as though coming from some distance, Kelly heard a voice he recognized as that of his tormentor The Purple Mask girl.
“If they remain there," she was say-
Its bonds were sold to financiers
a discount
Ontario Veterinary College
WZQ
No money was received I into its treasury for its stock. Nothing has been made public which
would justify the taxing of other citizens of this country for the purpose of giving fictitious value to these bonds and stocks. The interest and other charges on Canada due to the war increase every day and even now are so great that it is difficult to say from what source they can be paid without an economic strain never | hitherto undergone and u cutting down of expenses not yet even be-
110 University Avenue, Toronto, Canada
Under the control of the Department of Ag
Affiliated with the University of Toronto.
College Reopens Monday, Oct. 1, 1917. Calender Sent on Application
E. A. A. GRANGE, V.S., M Sc., Principal
I
rlculture of Ontario
PUDDLE
Acquisition of Canadian Northern Imposes Burden of Unknown Magnitude.
mask
mwifel


I
1
The following criticism of the policy of the Government in respect of the Canadian Northern Railway is made:
Qp Grace Cxu vc\t d
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
• f
The Government bill to authorize
the purchase by it of tho capital stock
"*hey must, c.omhat tu,lh wIat.^ of the Canadian Northern Railway hi The credit of the country abroad I,
not o rdt* r ' you* t o^ doth ! s—neither will half-way through the House of Com- l*M than it has ever been. The last 1 order their release, until 1 am mons and will shortly be in the Sen- ionn 0f f 100,000,000 at 0 per cent, for
NINTH KPISODE-(ConJ) " |	CeUSvd* ami th° mVU We,’°| o!f Canada, at Ttime when the coun- !	country9^ borrowing ! The remaining proteins, milk, fish.	Fish
mmmmm	mm
and Elliott certainly do not place mpn w|)0 were trying to block Mias t,le exception of the war debt.	I net proceeds to be $90,250,000, not bination of tomatoes and milk. When
them above suspicion."	^	Mac Lean's plans had just started to; ^he purchase of a defined piece of $90,111,111, and that the commissions milk becomes sour, the sugar content
Jack Elliott, thv ta-t >t\ fou man pat reached the inclosure, Miss Mac- ernment becomes the principal owner $90.250,000, but not otherwise. Its Use a double boiler to heat milk.
06iY was sent^from London and read:	awaiting anxiously the ar- of the common stock, it must provide future credit may depend entirely on Slow cooking at a temperature just	M{	require long, slow	and
the business and Drew, acting official- substitut,on with the .tarter and I|end for future losses in operating, that speculative enterprises will be wjth aci(, fruiu or vegetable3| if a	m flreles.	cooxer over night,	then
mmmn mmmmwmi mm
who had hoped to be among the bene- venturesome girl. The race mu.st u	debts unpaid; so have its sub- attention of their fellow-countrymen tablespoonful flour and two cupsful	Legumes
mm mm	mm
inventions and accessories." Not a	-»- What its assets are is equally un- enterprise has Wen declared by the ln a ,argel: one contalnlnK h»t water,. twelve hours. They are best steamer
word about Elliott. he factor having CLIMATE AND FERTILITY. known. It operates and is interested ^ly people at all in a position to then bake in a moderate oven.	I	but may also be boiled gently.
nothing°to Tose or gain, decide.! upon	  ,	in railway companies, land companies, form an opinion to be of no value. It
avenging himself because of what he Canada s W inters Conserve the her- ^,|pgraph companies, tunnel compan- is also urged that the strongest pos-
'“ Vat!iof course?'was"Conversant with	tilizers in the hod.	ies, lumber companies and hotel com- : ,ate £ a„ senator: and members of tribution of the various kinds ot food
the hoax and had explained to the au- The influence of climate on fertility j panics, but no one knows how far it parliament.	when planning a menu will enable an
thoritiesjthe object of the move.	is frequently overlooked, hut it has owns them, what their assets or lia- Montreal, August 20, 1917.	intelligent housewife to feed her fam-
There was	Klllv annlarJ on Î	°T le8S .<iirvct *~rin* °"	% bilities are, nor to what extent the F. W.. Molson, James Law, H. R. ily well, if not wholly scientifically.
Sphinx heard the complete story, all exert a profound influence on the na-j No other railway company nor any garland, H. A. Ekers, Chas. Chaput, In other words, one part lean meat or that Elliott could tell him. in addition ture and composition of soils, both in ot^er group 0f business men would a. Guy Ross, Joseph Ainey, C. Mere- its equivalent to four parts of bread, to the little Drew was able to contrib-; their origin and in the power to con-1 consider puch an acquisition except dith, C. S. Campbell, W. R. Miller, butter and potatoes; with green vege-
"“-sCbTjSS' 5	str*- ™"
îime scheme®” ^ Andt \rooUf hi! dissipation of those elements or soil ports from accountants and apprais- Robert „ son, George R. Hooper/ For example. If roast is the Cream soups are served for the nZUions Kelly'‘was able within the constituents which make for fertility. eri on the asset, and liabilities, and Georje w Sadler_ w w Hutchison, principle dish we should not go to luncheon or toe meal where meat or hour to exhibit proof that Jackson had In this regard, save our coastal lands	only	subject to a solvent guar- Wm. C. Finley, F. H. Wilson, G. F. the expense of buying, cooking and protein element is not heavy
never left the country.	with excessive rainfall, which may,	that	all supposed assets would Benson, A. Craddock Simpson, James digesting another dish composed of
“He is ‘hiding out* as we say, said keep the lighter soils poor in aval a >le	„ndi*c\ osed Morgan.	the same tissue-building material. We
Kelly. “You tell Miss MacLean not to plant food, our country is singularly, be delivered and that no^ undisc lose ^	Montreal, of August should serve potatoes with this meat
take possession of what is not hers. blessed. We cannot now elaborate debts or obligations would appear. To	¦ 1 I ¦ V
And the story Elliott had to tell ^js question, but one instance may fln(j out these things, where such Drew was not pleasing to that worthy. cjted that may serve as an illustra-
BMgMna.'*=j jj^r.
Ibe Jackson millions.	h had of our soi|a. The rigorous winter that States has been to place the road in test against the purchase of the Can-
seen'a* fortune swept away as unex- prevails over the greater part of Can- the hands of a receiver, whose staff adian Northern Railway signed by ^	to accompany I
pectedlv as it has arrived, took mat- ada locks up for several months— can certain them and place them ^aaY 01 the leading capitalists oi	guch as beetg cabbage, tur- half cupful of onions, two green pep-
¦S***»*
Lamb, being less mature and more »erve.
gun
IN
A COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
Lesson VIII. (Continued). Frotelna.
#

Be
the pound after cooking starts^! | of the delicate texture of flah,
cause
always wrap it in a piece of cheese-
U»e a double-
This
cloth when broiling fold wire broiler; when baking, lay the fish on a fine wire rack permits greater ease in removing to the flatter.
Casein is also clotted by
This
Cereals
Flak
delicate than mutton, would requin peas, tomatoes and a delicate mini sauce. With wild duck serve sweet potatoes and tomatoes. With garni serve hominy in croquettes or square! and asparagus. Opossum, sweet potatoes and tomatoes. Tension requires the same as beef, with currant jelly. With goose, serve apple sauce mashed potatoes and watercress Clear soup is a stimulant served before a heavy meal to bring the blood to the stomach and cause the flow ol
Balancing Meals.
A common sense method i.i the dis-
Fish for Dinner
•II
Clean and prepare the fish. Wrap it
tein, thus calling for a rich, heavy *n cheesecloth and boil it for fifteen carbo-hydrate or starch. This is at minutes to the pound. When ready to the same time true of green vege- 8erve» drain well and lift to a hot tables	platter. Garnish with hard-boiled
The coarser and heavier vegetables eggs and serve with a sauce made of
and one cupful of stewed tomatoes, one-
23rd, comments on the above as fol- because beef is rich in the coarse pro-lows
examination and guarantee cannot be had, the usual course in the United
THE RAILWAY POLICY
We print in another column a pro-
panvy
abruptly.	tJ	„ in it< grasp	. .
“You can go on with your idea now, _____especially the more valuable ni- written down to correspond to the vorced from the enterprise, the
said Elliott, to whom she had been ^a^es, so necessary for stimulating actual values, in a solvent condition 8Wer i®
the growth of the young crop. In re- anj ab]e to perform their duties as
Like any other business undertaking the property should
stew in its own juice, and undergo that we should know precisely what the course of liquidation through re- is being purchased in the way of as around me .kickson uy lem-iim*.	«...	The	only	examination	so	far had ceivership, emerging therefrom in set, and what is being incurred in the
Miss MacLean was our severe winters, with their almost into the affairs of the Canadian ?tf.°nsrer. condition in respect of lia- way of liability.
watching progress on the equipment continuous low temperatures, must be Northern has resulted in the opinion *'	- - regarded, in their role as conservera| twQ out „f three railway t.xperta
Motor factory.
left This is duly weighed, the result shewing exactly how much incombustible matter there is in the coal.
Still another weighed portion is put
bilities both of current and of capi-	-?- on a little tray inside a steel “bomb,”
of her car.	. . : regarded, in their role as conservera.	f	h	u experts Ul acc,ou?t ,That. appear.S t0 be tbe BUY1NG C0AL BY HEAT UNITS' which is placed in an air-tight recap-
Drew was likewise interested in Qf fertjlity as an agricultural asset 01 two 0	,	railway experts vlew of the financiers whose state-	- tacle containing water. A small bit
Miss MacLean’s car. and Pat, sus of nQ gma„ value one which must that the stock Proposed to be pur- ment we print, and there is force in How the U. S. Government Deter- of fine p|atinum wire ts so arranged
cause of the disappointment* that had way.	The smallest transaction in common the debit side of the account, if Can- ' oughly mixed. Then a weighed quan-
resulted from the outcome of Jack- Noticing that earh of them had on coujd not be concluded in such a uda is assuming a debt over and tity <an ounce or so) is put into a hot
*The disguised and active Pat was have «^ered.	and this ta the largest and most on- >aidf it is a buiineas venture which the coal,
of course, the workman designated as T/1» *'“•*. J** e *	”, eroue undertaking ever contemplated should be allowed to face the
Elliott’s “suspicious character." and night thsi gtrlI aiea. i na iw	any Canadian Government, and sequences of all busineaa ventures, the same sample is put into a little
ppSES lÈFzr-s= "Hr™ H2 lESel
4mm gmm* ###% sssg&isa*2*
.1	ruw flower or fruit «ouallv * continuous dram on he tax pl)«. additional obligation of taking overj Yet another weighed portion is put
In the dim light that was afforded du~* *	T n.w The Canadien Norther, Railway the Canadien Northern ReUw.y is in- irtc a miniature furnace, where it is
S.%T/,isnzz	I™	1.< ». 1....

see
¥
mm
Ik
»

I
A Internal amd
a

Another small weighed portion of
con-
the
It.
In
HAMILTON • ONTARIO
	
###PAGE###7###
GEN. BRUSILOFF [an age of weak nerves)
RUSSIAN PATRIOT "N° heart ,or anything" I. the cr, !
liUÜÜAiui 1 is 1 111V 1 of thousands of men and women who
“One Meatless Meal
a Day” is a good food
slogan for war time, or any
time better make it two	___ might be made well by the new, red ! In all the warring countries the demeatless meals a day—it .	blood Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills actually : oiand for rags, to supply the world’s
WOllld mean health and K111 ,l,s	COMMAND IN make.	¦ shortage of wool, is insistent. Canada
4.' CONTROL DURING REVOLUTION. Misery day and night Is the lot of j» no exception, and appeals are best Itligin lor tne nation.	hosts of men and women who are to- inf? made throughout the country for
But be SUre and get the right	—	day the victims of weak nerves. Their the savings of rags and old clothes
substitute for meat in a	*» - sua»*	w» St,ï"S"."a‘,r	S
digestible form. Shredded the Swift and Courageous Action ness means being tortured by morbid strain upon the wool supply. In Great
RUniU 5*	nr „ coUj».	thoughts and unaccountable fits of de-1 Britain, the Local Government Board
Wheat Biscuit IS the Ideal	°r 1 Soldler	Pression. Thebe sufferer, are painful- ha. called attention to the varied
substitute for meat. It is All honor is due to the heroic young ^ sensitive and easily agitated by means by which thia material may be 100 per cent, whole wheat	War Minister, Alexander Kerensky, 8ome chance remark.	Sleeplessness	saved, as follows:
nrpn,ir,H in O	1. who has played such a splendid part	of energy and strength; “On account of the large stocks of
pi lpared in a digestible	in flrjnjf the ^^ting blood of the Ilhelr ®yes are sunken,	their limbs	clothing needed for	the	British and
form. Two or three of these	Russian soldiers, chilled by the work tremble, appetite is poor and memory	allied armies, efforts	are	being made
»«'= l°«v« °f bokod whole ! £<£-*•«»“ "	*"*	" %.%. % “ST	t S3?,™ ST&'ÏJS
wheat make a nourishing, u„„ d„m„lk tte	b„,	*“	•' »w. Th. women’, .Ooioti.. h„, been invoked in
Satisfying meal at a cost of I immensely effective, has been the
only a few cents. Delicious with milk or cream or fruits of any kind.
Made in Canada.
SHORTAGE OF WOOL.
FELICIA'S TAKINGS
By Saving Rage Canadians Can Help to Avert Serious Shortage.
à
0
First Felicia took to knitting, Everywhere she went,
On a wristlet, sock or sweater Constantly intent.
Next she took to Red Cross nursing, Making counties* slings, Bandages and shirts and towels,
Lint and other things.
I
I Something New in Frightfulneee.
A curious war invention is a pro-Then Felicia took to canning,	jectile which, on leaving the gun-muz-
Every afternoon	zle, releases an enormous pair of
Cooking messes in the kitchen,	shears that are guaranteed, with good
Brandishing a spoon.	aim, to cut a whole company of enemy
When of beans, tomatoes, peaches, ' troops in two Corn and carrots she

Wearies, I, behold! am hoping She will take to me.
MONEY ORDERS
It Is safe to send a Dominion Ex-
Five dollars
—Minna Irving. J press Money Order ?--------- «costs three cents.
%INGH0T weather!
stems are covered.
N
only way to bring back sound, vigor- conjunction with urban and rural of-oils health la to feed the starved, ficials. The collection is largely denerves which are clamoring for new, pendent upon the patriotic spirit of rich, red blood. This new, good blood the people, but large supplies of old can be had through the use of Dr. Wll- clothes and rags will be called for. tory, between ZlochofT (Zloczow) and Hams' Pink Pills, which fact accounts Central depots are provided for gtor-Brzezany, along the Strips River; fQr the thousands of cures of nervous age, and when enough rags are on it was begun with the armies which diseases brought about by this power- hand for shipment they are forwarded Brusiloff had held firmly in his own fui blood builder and nerve restorer, to the district centre, where they hands while he was commander of j Through the fair use of this medicine | sorted and sold to mill the south-western front before his appointment as Commander-in-Chief.
It is pertinent to ask why the Brusiloff group of armies was chosen to begin the new drive; why this group of armies was supremely ready and effective. The answer, I believe, this:	During the three perilous
months immediately following the abdication of Nicholas II., when the
":z::r;r " zfvFFr?isr« -
Suicide.	uTTZ	A„d	bc.ide ,.u. ,W,
wmS-SSS 5SS-55EkssisiS--
BtU. % ‘ "°rk	Z'JSn, «*2»	...	RESULT. «'hcc, W.Cc, s,,.^ Ki„.
ÆraÆr	T ?-	— —= " ». s... J5S SStiLYSSU
To this the answer seems plain: It front wag a|mo8t wholly unimpaired Uod| 8tand beside him there,.	There has been a standing offer of dangerous. The Lumber Underwriter
would be certain political and econo- their fine discipline was almost wholly!	Maude Gordon-Roby. $5,000 Reward for any case Ham Ux reports a case where a fire started in
™ , .„J -UTA.V a». HE., t.SSS	ZÆ
depression of hunger so desperately ^ay, which	has	been	indicated	in	the | Capt. William Stewart MacTier, who	«uccessfully without a single failure.	mf the burLning gr*a8e’ which was
that they become reckless of their fu- prea8 cables,	but	which	has	not,	in 1 was reported recently to have been	' That ,a why the offer 81,11 holds good,	taken up by a revolving flywheel,	"My face broke out all over with red
. rr ,*¦?¦« „-r	z::	—« *—— W}/ SksfJSM:1
help herself in the matter. Her de- ^.aj the famous “Order No. 1,N ap- front with the first Canadian Contln- benefltB ^at he purchased a Ham Ray	rheao Fish	V ^/ My motbcr. requested
is very little love lost between the two-	"	~ -- A.	.îl -T, Mr Thomas Jones, of 113 .Sheridan produced 48,000,000 pounds of fish,	f In l'" thiijl month
STi:lye!Z""	(Sip,<y Miss Roscben^^k,, Rich.
The wounds of 1866 are still smart-, !?	/	,,	a*-	on landing )olned the Thirteenth Hat- thing he failed to get results until be po.un<^s of whitefish., the fishermen re- Why not make these fragrant emolll-
ing. Her fall from power, the lose of I '\g*V	talion, under Lieut-Col (now Brian	look one treatment of the Ham Ray	ceived on the average 5 cents a pound.	rnt, your every-day toilet preparation*?
her supremacy in the Germany of | ijF	dlerGenerali I ooml* nan He went	Machine and used one bottle of Ham	In some Canadian cities Manitoba	For Free Sample Each by Mail ad-
mmm L 1 memèi usssnsssamsma^
Austria bear their powerful western I WW	‘JÊ	returning to the front he was attached once Explain "hat you thJnk about	- |
CL	Û	ZZJ	WOMAN'S JOY
T*	sc¦»««-« — Suggestion.tochiiaie..
ar.vr	- —• I	r tiur.Vtisse SjBSrSSSe°"	—1 Women-
f \ V lan(1 Battalion and promoted to his t0 fin(| out tjie true fact8 of your case.
Consider the facts. Look at Au»-1 |	. J p captaincy.	^	-----*---_	f YES! MAGICALLY!	? Among the virtues of Lydia E.
tria-Hungary's present plight. Aus- 1	/# WlL ^ A	——?	~	. , . ,	fH .	. aii.1_ o	6 Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the
6ar™zzl»s ^ roKNSr.™	Hi
> eloped. Her turbulent history, plus	thirteen tones, manufactured ext lu- my 0f the valley and other plants |	] following letter and hundreds of others
another more recent element, i.e., the General Alexander Brusiloff	sively by the National Piano Co., that have flowered for the season are	o—o—o—o—o—o—o—q o * we have published in these colums.
race strife within her borders, ac-1	Limited, will be on exhibit at the To-1 Mely to be forgotten. To obtain best	Poplar Bluff, Mo. —"I want other
counts for that Of that one becomes	"	”	ronto Industrial Exposition at their i results for the next season the plants You say to the drug store man, women to know what a bjeasiny Lyd-a
aware as soon as one crosses her fron- ! Committee of Workmen’s and Sol- booth. A cordial invitation is ex- must be cared for the remainder of “Give me a small bottle of freezone. " fti & iiÎLLil I till I E u?mJ^ham 8 Vfu * *
tiers.	diers’ Delegates, and actually sup- tended to each and everyone interested ! this season. Turn on the hose, at least This will cost ver/ little but will,	wl
How far behind she is in intellectu- ported by a few of the extremists in to examine and hear this wonderful during dry weather.	positively remove every hard or soft	Att A . ,,
al development is best seen, for in- that ill-balanced body; its effect was player. National Piano Co., Limited,__ corn or callus from one’s feet.	a b&by in our home
stance, by studying her latest statis- practically to smash the mainspring City Warerooms, 266-268 Yonge St.	A few drops of this new ether com-	W but I was in poor
tics. From them it is seen that there of discipline in the Russian army.	- pound applied directly upon a tender,1 [l 4-	health and not able
are whole large provinces where illi- Kerensky hastened at once to the	Fish For Central Canada.	gt Isidore P. Q. Aug 18. 1894 aching corn relieves the soreness in-	j IT,’	/jl j to do my work. My
Executive Committee and procured Figh to become more plentiful in Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited	stantly, and soon the entire corn or	r*41 ™>t£«\and h.U8e
Hungary especially, though a coun- the publication of a modifying “Or- the Canadian market. Hon. W. J..1 Gentlemen,—I have frequently used callus, root and all, dries up and can	X z	oiknd^beithmMm»
try abounding in natural resources, der No. 2," in an effort to neutralize Hanna> Food Controller, has inaugu- MINARD’S LINIMENT and also pre- be lifted off with the fingers.	^ ham's Vegetable
urgently requires capital. Formerly the damage done. But Gutchkoff, pated a special refrigerator express scribe it for my patients, always with This new way to nd onc*i feet of	Jp	Compound. I did
Paris was the money market to which then War Minister in the Provisional car BerviCe direct from the Nova the moat gratifying results, and I con- corns was introduced by a incinnati, -2-Iso, my health im-
Hungary applied by preference.	But Government, seemingly daunted	by	gcotja coast	to Toronto. This is the	sider it the best all-round	Liniment ex-	man, who	says	that	freezom	dries	in	proved and I	am	now the mother of a
owing in part to the heavy drain	on the extremists, gave the official sane-	firgt gtep in	a pian t0 put on a Ash	tant.	a	moment,	and	simply shrivelf	up	the	fine baby girl	and	do	all	my own house
French liquid resources made by Rus- tion of the War Ministry to some of car eXpre88 service from both Pacific	Yours truly,	corn or callus without irritating the work.’'-^Mrs. A lu a B. Timmons, 216
SWittZLSS. ttSSE*—	Cer- srss SSS SX***	m 10‘ ,uo “m,a SSttfSL *i.r.n or
that market was closed to her.	|	Soldier and Statesman. .	--- lockjaw from whittling at his coma, fact that Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable
That beeme very evident during immediately afterward two events VW#/!>«* ^	. 1 r	-------------but dip thi. out and make him try it.' Compound makes women normal,
- f .l to turn tn .ermariy as a finan on(| event was the resignation	of	A*kMsrtiiiyt ¦inly Ce., CMcsgti	beaming. “I put a	few	gooseberries
nal backer.	Gutchkoff, whose place was Uken	by!	----- in to flavor it!”
The whole banking system of Aua- Kerensky These two comparatively ™	--
Wtiia, her financial status, rests and unnoted events are not unconnected,
¦ leans on Germany. The connection ia very intimate and strong. Moat of the Austrian and Hungarian industrial papers, shares, and values are quoted and dealt in outside of Vienna —only in Berlin.
work of General Brusiloff, the Russian Commander-In-Chief.
More little ones die during the summer than at any other time of tin-year
infantum and stomach disorders come
The drive began on Brusiloff terri-
Mlnard'e Liniment for sale everywhere.
Cinerarias must be kept moist and cool with plenty of air.
Diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera
without warning and when a medicine Is not at hand to give promptly the *re short delay too frequently means that the child has passed beyond aid Baby's Own Tablets should always be kept In the home where there are
FATE OF AUSTRIA-
HUNGARY
KISOELLAWEOUe
owners, the
thousands of despondent people have ! profits going to the Red Cross or other been made bright, active and strong
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold by made to the tailors and dressmakers all dealers in medicine, or may be had to keep their cuttings for this by mall at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams' Medl-i® ! cine Co., Brockville, Ont.
<
ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS BTC. internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Writ# ue before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical young children. An occasional dose of Co Limited Coiiinrwood ont.
Pur" j the Tablets will prevent stomach and
pose. Discarded clothing is separated bowel troubles, or If the trouble comes
into three classes all wool, all cotton, suddenly the prompt use of the Tab
and cotton and woolI.”	lets will cure the baby
This method can be undertaken in Anderson, Minda, Alta., says: “Baby’s
Canada by many organizations. Qwn Tablets are the best medicine for Hitherto, owing to our wasteful habits, the saving and collecting of rags
war charities. An especial appeal is
The Soul of a Piano Is the Action, insist on the
“OTTO HIGELT PIANO ACTION
PRESENT PLIGHT OF THE DUAL
MONARCHY.
Mrs. Chae
TO MY SOLDIER.
little ones who are suffering from a weak stomach. They cured my baby has not appealed to us, but the war when suffering from stomach com
has brought about many changes, and, plaint and have made her a fine it is incumbent upon all Canadians to
healthy child.” The Tablets are sold do their bit toward averting the seri- by medicine dealers or by mall at 25 ous shortages that otherwise are sure to result.
cents a box from The Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
# Pimples
No One Knows, Says Miss Stod-alka. Many Nights Could Not Sleep. Cuticura Healed.
(
l
l
*
Austria’s Plight
in


teracy predominates.
0

Women Can Help in Harvest.
Women should help harvest the bush few gooseberries give so good a flavor we may surmise; they were not with- and small tree fruit crops this year. I to an apple-pie, what a darlint of an out their bearing on the swift conva- a mobilization of available women for apple-pie it would be made o' goose-lescence of the Russian army.	this work would be of great assist- berries entoirely!”
We can see already, through the a nee The women of Europe are now early and magnificent result, what1 working regularly in the fields They statesmanlike wisdom inspired that have planted and harvested crops ever
in \ u%^%lwLr%tnd ’ IT	q^tion BrusilofTs
ve*t th, supply of been, will b., pro-	p is best demon- we wmll until the fields ere yellow we
pcrtion.tely, greeter then the supply »tr»tfd ^.**!*. f“ V** ' whi,,.U	W® b« *«> Ute. The various women ,
of potatoes The bean cron of the wbo *e<1 ^zar 1 arfn,e* *n the organizations could do much if they United State, was estimated*^ July ^at Galician drive which began on would organize immediately.
June 4, 1916, It is still Brusiloff who
“BegorrafP* cried Patrick. “If a
IK*

à
- DODDS
KIDNEY


1 at 22,000,000 bushels, against 8,846,000 a year ago.
Maidenhair fern should not be WKk
Keep the
s
watered over the foliage pots standing on damp ashes and apply the water to the pot. garden apply the water et the base of the plants.
TITSBD
I
The Department of Agriculture and Technical Instruction for Ireland, in exercise of the powers conferred on
Kidney

In the
D Fsrdinano King. a New York City Physician and Medical Auth "There can be no strong, vigorous. Iron men nor beautiful, healthy, rosy-
J,^QCTC5 1
Vm tm
cheeked women without Iron—Nu*ated Iron taken throe times per day after
_ Repair year Tire» Tub## Punclur ¦el Water B<
meals will Increase the strength and endurance of weak, nervous, run-down folks 100 per cent, in two weeks' time in many Instances. Avoid the o$d forme of metallic iron which may Injure the teeth, corrode the stomach, and thereby do more harm than penned by all good j'	-
¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦¦Pfbiatieae, have made an order, which postas»umié “âii' "ow came into opération on Saturday, July
Tulips, narcissus and hyacinths, potted now, and the pete buried, may be 21, prohibiting the exportation of. had in bloom for Christmas.
Is the

it
Canada* Order a_ Id-sent lia to-day Guarani»*! te aailtfy. Refuse ail mb'
¦ dcbofleld «1 Victoria #1.
Take
Ireland,

t
ISSUE as—'17.
ED. Î.

###PAGE###8###
INSURANCE
CONFEDERATION
EVERY CANADIAN SHOULD SEE THE COUNTRY’S CAPITAL 4ND THE BEST TIME IS DURING FAIR WEEK
The ShawYille Boot anti Shoe Store
CENTRAL CANADA — T
Exhibition
“ Money Saved
AT THE LOWEST KATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
Is Money Made
Get rates from
COMPAN IBS.
2W
CONFEDFRATION LIFE
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rate» and Particulars.
OTTAWA SEPT. 8 to 17
A New One
Est. 1871.
11 Maximum Insurance

k#


E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
(
BR EC KEN RIDGE
1917
at Minimum Cost.’’

The Hartt Shoe for Men
Y OU N C» MEN - Oui Special Military Policy h not to be equalled on the market today.
Bull for Sale.
ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. 31et
Registered Durham Bull for sale. Four avs old : color roan. Apply to
NNELLY.
Consult our Agent today
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
(«KO. CO
R. R. No. 1, Shawvllle
It is Canada’s best production. Try a pair next time and enjoy the comforts of a perfectly fitting shoe.
HOUSE OF COMMONS. BURNED FEB 3RD. 1916 NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
t-f-n
NOTICE
Greet Industrial Exhibit
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
$25.000
«
FOR SALE
1
Strayed on to mv premises on Aug. ‘it, head of year-olds. Owner may have same by proving property and paying for the insertion of this notice and other expenses incurred.
ROBERT J. EMMEUSON.
Hodgius I*. O.. Quo
MX
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon & Evening
VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOP-TH E-LOOP AVIATOR.
$9,000 FOR HORSE RACING.
¦	GOV'T. EXHIBIT.
y
1 year old Shropshire Ram ; also some ram lambs.
1 Durham hull calf.
NEW YORK HIPPODROME
\pnlv to
1()S. DROWN LEE,
R. R. No. :\ Shaw ville
PURE FOOD SHOW
DOG SHOW
11 4
NIGHT Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks—British
advance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the SHOW Forts at Kut-El-Amara.
Caretakers Wanted
Ships for Motherland.
The Imperial Munitions Board has
Tenders will W received till 0 o’clock,
I». m., Saturday, 16 th Sept., 1917, f"i
caretaking of the Scliools of the Town- 'let twenty-seven contracts for ships ship of Clarendon tor the coining school n British Columbia. These ships Duties sweeping and dusting lre °f4?tîn<îa^4 ti1cs,6P# 250
......
firing a. long Hs nere^ry	:ap.clty of 2,800 tons
M. A. AR Mali a,	racts call for delivery within fifteen
AW. bee. I re ah.,	uonibs.
School Mu. Clarendon.
Children’s School Boots
Encourage Production of every Kind
Boost the Exhibition.
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
war
We have a very good range at popular prices.
STEWART McClenaghan, President
J. K. Paisley, Mgr. <6 Sec*y
The con-
shawvilk July 17, 1V17
\ CHAPLAIN'S OPINION
Tells of the Courage of Men at the
Frout.
Rev. John Garbutt, a former pastor of the Cobourg Methodist eh arch, who went overseas with an
.	,	,	.. .	-	,	, Ontario county battalion, writes
I vlcpliyiu* ( unpany, Limited, who have from France as follows concerning
not paid their rental in fill! up to Dec. the courage and good work of the 31st, 15*17, are notified that same is past Canadians at the front:
mvt of the stocks on hand Imd <*ue ,Uhl m,Ht 1^.1^ at once. Fur- "The Canadians are playing a )ven sold for export but could not thvr, you are again reminded <»l the most important part in the great of-be traiisnorted owing to the un- penalty ehargeablc on pa"( due rentals fenshe *hlch is liking place n the availability of refrigeiated space, as per notice mailed to subscribers in	'Y® haveseenvery
^rü*r.ïrœs6>,te 1“	,,..	«%, ts. îlsu
Spr.tote.'Zffi_________________________ÜZÜ2L ,x: r.*, % erz
TRESPASS NOTICE KTSTSt.«îSTCSS
in mg discolond and uimttim Uxt.	our journey in easy stages to the
HZiSÉ” «HSSSS SZS&HÏÏ
.	. times of wari’ity every advantage forbidden to trespass in any manner gbowrrv dav
A man named htiene 'n|), ,tl1'; should be taken of the facilities whatsoever on the following lots, situ- parade service, and afterwards I held eui ployed a^	a	minier	>y	noraec	ptoviilc*tI to carry over the surplus	ated in the township of Calumet Islande a communion service.
XX right ot 1 enil)ii>kt\ w as	kmu kcil	jn,„| one season to the shortage ot	namely :	stayed for sacrament
down by an automobile on Mu	\	rtllotlier. Properly	defrosted	Range ô	Lot 20.	two days later that a number of
Street on bat unlay	r1:	!’	poultry, for instance, is	equally as	Range 8	Lota	», 10,	12,	13,	14,	those who stayed for sacrament gave
ami received injuries from >	(	wholesome and nutritious as fresh-	Cl7. 18 30, 31	32.	their all for the cause,
he died oil Sunday morning.	killed stock.	'	Range »	I its	7 8	10 n	i1	i;:	"I find no difficulty in getting the
More Smokes-Messrs. Schwalin TllV Lml,Ve is	therefore, u 16; }(l% 17t 18, ’19; 20, 23,’ 24,W 8A0,dier® t0 *"*** v°,umar>: services.
MëëiM SSmsm: seeëBSS
SSfH ~S trespass jiotice ISSSEtl
Iplps SSüpe
and all Bvrangemeiits be made tor c«ed «. Hit la. uirecu.	like. To describe It as awful is to
the necessary defrosting. As	‘I',M	use the correct word. A barrage of
there is practically no other mar	Bristol,fcept. l, m*.	ftre from gung of a„ kinds ig peyond
ket for frozen ix)iiltry at the ore-	description. One cannot conceive of
sent time, it would appear to bel	anyone passing through it alive. But
of distinct advantage to this! Mr. Alf Devine acted as best man. into this curtain of fire these brave country, in assisting to conserve The groom’s gift to the bridesmaid hoys go with undaunted courage and it- food products of other morts, **# A pretty i>earl brooch, and to the Pluck
that poultry me.^t be utilized, in- groomsman a pearl stick pin	through unhurt, but no one seem-
s,»far as possible, in the way sng- The bride and groom were the recipi-	falters."
>ents of many pretty and useful presents.
After the ceremony the friend* were delightfully entertained at the home of Mrs. William Devine.
„	..	, e1u .......	, The bapisy young couple left by train
Renfrew, Aug. 28. XX illiam Hen- ncxt morning for Shawville where they nrtt, w ho shut and killed Lieut. were greeted with a shower of rice and
"	1 evening was spent,
Mr. and Mrs. Richardson will take up their residence in Renfrew
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Low Prices . .
NOTICE
Re. Payment ot" Rental
Are the ruling features of our store, wl|ile the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
\11 >ul'srribcrs of the Routine Rural
Local and District, j
Fathers ami mothers, it is your duty
present them each with a photograph. A family group i-the most appropriate
to vour children
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
11. 1 mison, Photo Artist
XX’ovnded
Si rot Ml NALIA Among the 380 names which ap-
last Wednesday < cas-
;t. Han
r
in
IK'rtiei
unity list was that of Sevg McNally, who is reported
l
WOllllC
SHAWVILLE SASH AHD DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
ed
It was a cold, bleak, but we had a fine
A great many It was only
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
t
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.

1
Custom Sawing*.
The Observer says a large number of men from Petawawa military camp have gone west to engage in harvesting operations. The men are volunteers—none being obliged to go—and they have been given leave for an extended period. On Tuesday at ter noon
two special trains passed through here, and quite a number of men from the district surrounding Pembroke went out with the soldiers.
While many fall some pas?
Last week’s Pembroke Observer the news just received by
i »ver
gives
that journal of the winning,
a year ago, of the much coveted *‘V. C.” by a former Allumette man—Pte. Andrew Vallianteourt— for distinguished valour in saving the life of the Colonel of his regiment, during a desperate struggle in which the young soldier was
He was re-
New Fall and Winter
Samples of
The Pine Sjulrrvl.
One calm Indian summer morning, when the nuts were ripe, 1 was camped in the pinewoods, where the squirrels seemed to be about as plentiful as the ripe burrs, writes John Muir, describing a mild adventure with a Douglas or pine squirrel. In a few moments down came the Douglas. The breakfast burrs he had cut off had rolled on the gently s’oping ground into a clump of ceanotbue bushes, but he seemed to know ex-actily where they were, for he found them at once, apparently without searching for them. They were more than twice as heavy as himself, but be managed to drag them up to the foot of the tree from which he had cut them.
Breakfast done, I whistled a tune for him before he went to work, curious to see how he would be affected by it. He had not seen me all this while; but the instant I began to whistle he darted up the tree nearest to him, and came out on a small dead limb opposite me, and composed himself to listen. Other squirrels, bearing the strange sounds, came around on all sides, also chipmunks and birds.
By this time my performance must have lasted nearly half an hour. 1 sang or whistled "Bonnie Doom," "Las# o’ Gowrie,” "O'er the Water to Charlie," "Bonnie Woods o' Cragio Lee," etc., all of which seemed to be listened to with bright interest, my first Douglas sitting patiently through it all, with his telling eyes fixed upon me until 1 ventured to give Old Hundred." when be screamed bis Indian game, Pillillooeet, fumed tail, and darted with ludicrous haste up the tree out of sight, bis voice and actions in the case leaving a somewhat profane Impression.
Wm. Bennett Goes to Pembroke for Trial.
sevrtrlv wounded moved to ( haring Cross liosital, London, and was subsequently invested with the Victoria Cross by King George at Buckingham Palace.
here yesterday and committed for trial.
MEN’S SUITINGS
Com
There are two charges against him, first murder and also attempted murder.
He will be removed from Victoria Hospital hereto the county jail at Pembroke tomorrow morn-
Dwelling Bvrxs—The dwelling house of Mr. El wood Mackay, on the farm near Phillips Lake, in East Clarendon, was destroyed by fire on Thursday afternoon last, with most of the contents. Mrs. Mackay was away from home at the time, and Elwood, leaving the house for a few minutes to do something a short distance away, returned to find the roof of the building ablaze. A neighbor arrived shortly and assisted in getting some of the contents out, but the fire soon became too hot to approach the doomed building and nothing further could be done,
i m i n i
Fortunately the owner has a quantity of lumber on hand, and with the help of generous neighbors expects to have a new house erected before long.
Presentation
A very ulensant evening whs «|K*nt nt the home of Mrs. XV. J. II Bnrritt, Pembroke, act-1 Burton, on Vug. 13)tli, where a ed for the Crown at today's hear- number of Austin friends gathered ing, while E. J. Stewart, Renfrew, | to bid her good bye and wish her apnea red for the prisoner Bennett appeared in court with | Pembroke both eyes bandaged
in
f
Now on display at Dovers.
all success in her new home in
During the course of the evening an address was read by the Rev. Mr. Brown and a purse was Wedding Bella	presented to Mrs. Burton as a
.	.	.. token of respect from her Austin
Richardsox-Devixe—A very nretty fiends.
wedding took place at the Methodist The address read as followJ iwrsonage. Am prior, on XVixInesday afternoon, August 22nd, when Miss .Mary Dear Mrs. Bvrton Devine, daughter of Mrs. XVilliam De- XVe, your friends and neighbors of vine, Am prior, and Mr. Bert Richard- Austin, regret your departure from son. son of Mrs. John Richardson of among us. We meet here this evening Radford, were united by the Rev. A. to spend a social hour and also to pre-Sanderson.	sent you with this small token of resfiect
The bride was tastefully attired in for your labors amongst us. X on have white Jap silk with an overdress of sha- been helpful and willing in all your «low lace, and wore a iwarl sunburst, the work amongst us, and you will be greatly gift of the groom, lier bouquet was of miswd. Me pray Gods richest bless white carnations, sweet pea* and maiden ings may follow you and your family to hair ferns. She also wore a silk net your new home, and that you may find veil with a w reath of orange blossoms. many friends in your new sphere.
¦¦¦¦¦¦	HH	The evening wa* spent in sing
A. Desarmia, of Toronto, who wore a ing and playing games after which dress of white silk and carried sweet refreshment# were served by the peas and maiden hair ferns.
Call in and look them over
f
Suits from $24.00 to $50.00.
to the ground
Watch our next week’s
Advertisement.
There is an article of diet of which there are large stocks in storage in Canada and for which there ha< been practically no de raand. Thi* commodity is frozen ...I try.
This unusual situation this year has been caused through the shortage of ocean tonnage. A large
ARCHIE DOVER
She was attended by her winter, Mrs.
Indies.—Com.
