###PAGE###1###

O
No. 51, 34th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JUNE 14, lit 17.	31.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
I
THE

STORE]
Tlje Merchants Bant^ of Caqada
ESTABLISHED «74
THE HARDWARE
BANK
Capital Paid up Rest «• • — '
$4,000,000
4,750,000
Eitebllehed 1864
OF
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir 11. Montai»u Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hebden GEN. MANAGER .. .. D. C, Mac a row
OTTAWA
PARIS GREEN
05 Branches In Canada
PARIS GREEN
PARIS GREEN
BOARD OK DIRECTORS
Paid up Capital..................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 10.........
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sii George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Kgnn,
Hon. George Goidon.
General Manager :
D. M. Kin nie.
W, Duthle
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O'Brien,
R°c.8K„n,TH Per,“r
Asst. General Manager H, V. Cann.
Chief Insptctor.
37,000,000 . 7,250,984 108,950,990
It seems a little early to mention it, but the Bugs are on the march and will be here as soon as the Spuds.
Buy early, there will be a big demand, everybody is growing Potatoes.
The stock of Green is said to be small and there can be no more made this season.
Ours is Guaranteed Absolutely Pure, put up in one pound tins.
When sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost is small oiul they ran be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par at any bank in Canada. The rates are as follows
$ 6.00 and under 5.00 to $10......
10.00	to $:»...
30.00	to $50___
Add 3c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up savings funds, and .... thus prepared for the opportunities or necessities of the future.
3c
are
«
10
15
4
i
I
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
w, F. DRUM A. A. REID
Go to Dover's Saturday sale this week.	>.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Kastman’» Ko Plan to attend the Public Cele-1 daks and supplie». Amateur finishing a bration at Shawville on Monday, | specialty. H. Imison, Photo Artist. July 2nd (Dominion Day.)
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
...	.	.	...	,	, Those Saturday snap sales at Dover’s.
fathers ami mothers, it is your duty are increasing in interest week l>y week, g g FUDVJC	CUflDTU A II fl
to your children to present them each See his ad. for money-saving specialties U CNMY 0	oHUK I HAND
with a photograph. A family group ishn this issue—hut imge.	|i
the most Appropriate.	|	\mm SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
“Canadas Best”
Z1G0WLING j?T~/)/r
ïï
J. H. SHAW.
Imison, Photo Artis I Capfc. the Rev. Jas. A. Maefar-
^ lane, again preached to the Prea-Phe copious showers of last byterian Congregation on Sunday.
Thursday and r nday gave vegetation the best boost it has received Rev. Ricftldo Armstrong, eldest i Our instruction Im Individual, and the this season. The prosnect through- son ot Mr. and Mrs. Janies Arm- school is open duiing the entire year out the country is beginning to strong, of Green Lake, occupied you may therefore *tart at any time, look much more encouraging. the pulpit in the Methodist Church ()ur rAtcs arc Per monlh ; do not
WANTED—Housekeepers for Burn-1	^	**	More than 100 *tudent« from other local
&*S£5toSte; % Jssfttist %% toss vES?.-Ei-HsF
are a good housekeeper, you 11 do, so| afternoon services of the Wesley- We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
an camp meeting, at the exhibi- hniH. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell-
tlon ball. The several services ing- EngUsh, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.


OTTAWA,ONT
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Exarnin-aliens of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ings Advocate.
W. A. HODGINS
J. H. Pkttipiece,
Norway Bay, Quo. during the day were well attended
write
SHAWVILLE
W.i: Gowling, H. G. W, Bbaitbwait President
A very successful Red Cross Ten
Social—Under the auspices of, ,	,
St. Alban’s Church, Parkman, at ^!VSP \\y	L’lui).
the residence of Mr. Hubert Cart- Lampbella Hay, on May 24th. One man, Thursday, June 21st, 1U17. hundred dollar was cleared. The Keep a record of your outings, your Tea served from 6 to 8 p. m. Ad-1 Kiris extend their sincere thanks children and your stock, by purchasing mission 25 cents ; children 15 cents. to **11 tlx we who so kindly assisted | a kodak. I have a complete stock from
candy I	Gie Ted such a
extra ; a No Nile of useful anil fancy articles. Come one, come all!
Principal
I CAN PLACE 40
WILLIS GRADUATES
f 1.25 up
H. IMISON
«... vo.. c.M.„ K.,,	.....
On Monday next the Silver Cab- now stationed at Queen St.,	*>0, J>	During the past year I have filled 250
inet at P. fe. Smiley's is to be | Church, Kingston.	| You undoubtedly have a few new	* * have had calls for fully
opened. Everyone who has a key ------------------------------- pictures you would like framed. Call "our Shorthand training |« universally
iH requested to be present. Only KILLED IN ACTION a,ui see «amples. Picture framing a recognized by the largest employers in one key fits the lock, out of 1,000.	|	| s|.c< i ilty. H Imis*n.	Canada as the standari^^^^^^^I
EACH MONTH
women
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO COUNT.
If you have the equivalent of a Public School education, and are fifteen years of age or older, we can train you to fill one
Mrs. Chas Bruce, Ottawa, i* at I the go%l'^He"tbat'arr heln^paM* °f
present visiting acquaintances in Full particulars upon lequest. Do not town.	delay.
With all Groceries and Food Stuffs steadily climbing skywards, with the lowest grade Black Teas at the half dollar mark, it certainly looks good to be able to get good Japan Tea
Interesting Service.
There was a large congregation in attendance at St. Paul's Church on Monday evening, at the «service commemorating the37th anniversary of the consecration of that edifice. Most of the clergy of the Deanery were present, ale* the late rector, Rev. J. J Montreal. A very impressive eer mon was preached by -ggggga deacon Naylor, who
PERSONAL MENTION
t

N. I. Harrihon, Principal WILLIS COLLEGE
Miss Alva Turner, who is attending Business College at Ottawa, spent the week-end at her home.
Miss Powles and friend Miss I LOST—Abouta week ago at Austin, a
Sutherland, of Ottawa, were week- valuable pipe,—.amber, with gold furl and
1 hand atoand bowl. Kinder will oblige bv returning to If. Meavham. Shawville.
I
OTTAWA
\

S. Seaman of

Ven. Arch-appeared in good form, notwithstanding that nis health has been poorly for nome time past. His text was : “Hut seek ye first the Kingdon of God and his righteousness and all the«e things shall be added unto you.—Matt. 0 ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Rev. Canon Smith of Hull, also gave an interesting address, of a reminiscent character.
end visitors at Dr. Row les
Miss Ethel Hudgins who has been at Elmhurst foi a few weeks | APPRENTICE WANTED—A past, spent Sunday in town.
Miss Amy Hudgins who has been under medical treatment in Otta-«	« 1 wa for several week*», is home
affa 41 again, much improved in health.
g#	Mrs. Jos. Sly aeeomiwnied by
¦tlplli &	*	her daughter, Mrs. W. u. Fleming,
"mPl	h*ft on Friday to visit her
lr^ l	I Erwin, in Bellingham, Wash.
m m __ young smart boy wanted at once to learn tin smithing. Apply toG. E. Wain man.

for 30c.
<cr.
WANTED—A git I to do general house work. Apply to Mrs. A. Dover, Shaw ville. Que.
33
Some months ago we secured a big stock and our customers are the gainers. This price is only for present stock.

FOR SALE—One frame house, summer kitchen, and woodshed combined on Patterson St., Campbells Bay. close to station —on easy terms. For further particulars Rev. John Hurst, will hold his I aPP*y to .1 am es Rooney, Campbells Bay. last services at Varm, Radford I----------------------------
i i *’i>T Wat tvi? mwu pind Norman Churches on Sunday f 'ONCRETECULVERTS, PIPES AND „	|L.-v 1 L \> AL 1 HR JON hN	next. He has been appointed to , curbings for wells sold at Works
Edeyof NVyman i who met his death on the battlefield Beachburg circuit	| Contracts made with Municipalities to
HfeHlbH	May
son
Fatal Explosion at Qnyon
Mines.
On Saturday last Howard Edey, son of Mr. R. W.
was instantly killed in an explosion which demolished the powder
S^|II|SMr-ssp=!§I|sfi BUH| 1
laas^srsa d Lmms	s, »„,L	..
The <lec» awed who waa l l	month* of eervice befoie be w#h Lo« Angele*. Cel., after an ab«e»ee founder of Macdonald Agricultural
SHS ------------------------- k-M:	iz\ss
two inall < liil.lrtii t • motmi his Claude Shaw Wounded. summer months with friends at on Saturday last in his Hflth year, ZabmU,erV&% PH* Mr. J. H. Shaw received official ^th Clarendon.	after more than three years' ill-
chard, of Wyman, and of Mrs. notification on Thursday morning Mr*. R- Hynes, who returned
Willie Campbell, of Elraaide.	that his eldest son Claude had re- noont a month ago, from spending The Clinton, (III.) Morning Jour
In consequence of the office of ceived a gun shot wound in the [he winter w ith her daughter, nal of May JO, publishes an account coroner for this county being va- leg, and was admitted to hospital Mrs. Ira ) oung, at Smith s r ails, of the Midden death of I)r. William cant at present, the services of Dr. on May 31st. Claude and his leavej this week to visit friend-in Davies, coroner for Wright county, brother Arthur went overseas last fhe W est, at \\ in ni peg A—mi-were secured, and an inquest was Fall with a draft of the 73rd home, Souris and other pinces, held on Sunday when a verdict Battery C. F. A., and has been in Rev. I. St row bridge, of Otter of “accidental death,” was found; France for some time. All his Lake left on Tuesday for Toronto but no definite conclusion could be friencb* here (and they are minier- with bis wife, who has been in reached aa to the immediate cause | mis) are hopeful that his wounds , very poor health for severs!
In fact this
For Black Tea Customers we have
k	manufacture Pipes in thelrown localities.
Nurse (Mis#») Nessie >V harrey, H. T McDowell & Son. Shawville Que. who is booked for overseas service I--------------------------------------
Salada and Llptons
Births
at listed prices.
Deaths
Coffees
A good grade well flavored Coffee at 40c. It.
Our IVJathewsons Farqous
at 45c.
the
Hynes, of La eon, Illinois, a son of the late Thomas Hynes of Renfrew. ami il» lew of Messrs. George and Ben Hynes of Shawville and Clarendon. Dr. Hynes <lird from acute dilation of the heart, brought on by over exer-in in run g to cat* h a M car The remains were brought to Renfrew and interred with Masonic honors on Friday, June 1st.
W. A. HODGINS
pa# in order tlmt
assurance ha# already , may undergo special treatment iblegrara from; at one of the hospitals in the r on Monday. ]Queen City.
of I lie explosion.
The remains of the <!<•< were Interred at Norway Bay 1 come through a cemetery on Tuesday.	j Claude to hie father
###PAGE###2###
mkm

That's it !
Clean and
Free from Dust
/Coarse 7 Medium 1 or Fine
V Grain A

J


ym

mi
>f'S$
II
uaranteed
¦nf
mà


¦si
f
solulely



Pure Cone

iïmjm

the right way to do this simple job, break all the eggs to be used into a
Put a large
Ptomaine Poisoning.
Su£nr
The word ptomaine, which is taken from the Greek, signifies “from a shallow pan or dish, dead body." Food of nitrogenous char- spoonful of lard into the frying-pan, acter develops bacteria very quickly and when it begins to heat sprinkle it when exposed to the air in a warm liberally with flour (from a shaker, if temperature. It is important that, possible), slide the eggs in carefully, in hot weather, the utmost care be ex	tablespoonful of water. cov-
unwary at Kelly’s prearranged signal, ercised in the purchasing, cave and er quickly with a tight lid. The Men and wemen singly, in couples cooking of milk, eggs, meats, poultry, flour makes a delicious bit of crust on and in groups, came down the street, flgh and gea f0(Mjs.	the bottom, the water gives steam en-
singing and chattering in uUer d sde- Curcd or smok(.(| meat when ex. ough> uided by the tight-lid. cook the
<,25 nmoUnt 0f d,8tUrbanCe posed to flies or other germs, will eggs through without burning, As1 the evening wore along the quickly develop the ptomaine germ and to put a white coet on their top*, crowd within and without Cafe Chat without giving the article the appear- Add pepper and salt just before serv-Noir grew more numerous and accord ance of being the least decayed.
When buying foods during the hot It was near the midnight hour, when season, bring home with you, if pos-Kelly's sentinels passed the sign along sible, such foods as are affected by the that something unusual was on the yieati Food taken from a cool store way. Down the street dashed a ca > or refrigerator, then carted around for
:! SShh-ig,, ¦== sarar#
ure descend from the cab. The form ptomaine poisoning, without affect-was dressed jauntily in high boots and ing the appearance of the food itself, tights, that encased a limb so shape- Do not use. as cooking utensils,
certain that the enamel or porcelain pots or pans HI ,BHi Over the w|lose surfaces are broken; while stir-shoulders ot the figure swung a cape rjn^ contents of such utensils, the
“The Queen of the Underworld," fine particles, which enter the food,
Kelly exclaimed under his breath, which, when eaten, may cause serious And all the time Vat was becoming | “We* shall be in at the coronation." stomach troubles.	%
more expert. Her associations with Without halting to speak to anyone, Careless and indifferently cleaned Jacques resulted in her cleverness be- the figure in the long cloak and pur- y^^sils will cause ptomaine poisoning ing repeatedly praised among the pie mask entered the cafe.	lÆÉÉÎlH
Apaches at Cafe Chat Noir.	Immediately the clatter and tumult
“She would make a wonderful leader was hushed. For an instant perfect	h».i hnm*
for us,” would be Jacques’ comment silence reigned within the cafe, and ^ ll hai ie,f 1 .me* every time lie could introduce the sub- then a great shout, as though the Symptoms of ptomaine poisoning ject to one of the band. “We should	dense throng of Apaches	were acclaim-	are very	clear—violent pains in the
make her Queen of the Underworld,	ing in one voice, turned	the cafe into	abdomen	and	legs, nausea, diarrhea,
that’s what we should do.’’	a bedlam of rejoicing.	creepy tingly sensations, accompanied
One day there came a telephone call	“Hail Queen of the	Underwood,"	by chills	and	low temperature. Do
for sleuth Kelly 'Vom the chief of the	they shouted.	not delay,	but	send for a physician at
Parisian detective force. The robbery Suddenly at the main entrance,, onve "(live the patient while wait-
ous value had been cut from its “Hands up! frame, and all Paris was agog with loud-shouted command.
the boldness and cunning of the crime. The sound of his voice had not pene-' pound of cure.HH
We wi.iv you to help us o»i this trated far into the jangle of noise, but and do not buy carelessly handled theft of the Mona Lisa." said the chief (,n the instant the lights went out and feeds, exposed to the street dirt, flies of detectives, to Kelly, over 1 he phone. Cafe Chat Noir was so dark that the “I’ll do my best to help you," was keenest eyes could only discern the Kelly's brief comment.	outline of scurrying forms.
Impelled by a suspicion he could not	There was a creaking	noise	as, at
set at rest the Sphinx called up Mrs.	the back of the»cafe, a	door	swung'	Corn-meal is a cheap	and	nutritious
Van Nuys’ home and asked fur Pat. open and in rushing, struggling cereal which deserves more attention.
When the girl answered Kelly tried to streams the Apaches began to Into one quart of water which is be mysterious in his opening remarks, pour through in speedy exit from the boiling rapidly sprinkle gradually
laugh that she sent over the phone his men along in pursuit.	taste. If you? family is large dou » .
irritated the Sphinx.	The loaches knew the dark pas- the reciPc- Cook lt hanl for haIf,an
“Possibly not great," he replied, sa™ ala|ust as wvi, as they knew the hour, beating it thoroughly every few
“hut you’ve got the Kelly all right, street* far above ? heir heads. Along moments. It can then he transferred
Miss Pat 1 called up to invite you sides of *’ic sewers ran planked or to the tireless cooker, where it should
to go with me to the Cafe < hit to-. concrete runways over which work- cook not less than four hours, or it
n*ffhL ...	.	' men passed in ktvnir g the sewer sys- can be cooked in u double boiler on
mmm ggpisi im su
had taunted Kelly with her response,	Keuy rnn ujtb his best	speed	to get	milk, is	an excellent	supper dish, or
that she might have made a mistake.	fl8 cjog‘e to t^e fleeing Apaches.as he	may be	reheated for	the	breakfast
1 am not feeling well, and will not be *111 *	......
able to leave the house at all this eve- He was sure he could not be mis- children.
njng **	taken in his man. He kept the flee- mg stir one cupful of stoned and
Kelly expressed his regrets, and af- ing figure in sight, and began, finally, halved dates into hot mush. Serve ter a * few trifling pleasantries the to overtake the nerson he believed he wjtH milk or thin cream.
Sphinx ended the conversation, had seen descend from the cab at the Abruptly turning to one of his men, door of the Chat Noir. One of the
œSS	EHE3EHÜ
Kelly waited impa- Kelly wanted this person for his own cr two-inch layer of mush. Dot the
Sealed Packets Only • Never in Bulk
Black—Mixed—Natural Green

$1>
i
I



E2l 2
*
lÜGAR y
ï\
WÎG

¦ Xe



PUDDLE



6 1
mg.



ingly more boisterous.


v,:A:x
MASK
:

Oatnloime nistlcd fry*
N
T7 Bave
H 1 rom M HO'fc
Bujr
Oii4el n i
You NEED for Preserves
at
to
Rock M ;ottoro |. Price* B
33 1-3
Qp(ir&cx? (xuvcxi e)
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Alfg. Co.
HIP AOTM- DAW BIM. TORONTO ^gl
St. Lawrence Red Diamond Extra Granulated which
te- -
owing to absolute freedom from organic impurities never causes those distressing failures which sometimes the best of cooks. Warranted pure cane the St. Lawrence Red Diamond Sugar does
ly that Kelly was new arrival was not a man.

worry sugar,
its full share to prevent fermentation.
Preserve all you can

#
Cigt'iK b +•
Your dealer can supply Red Diamond Sugar in coarse grain, or medium, or fine as you may select.
THIRD EPISODE—(Cont’d.)
Order the big bag—100 lbs. full weight of the best

sugar made and avoid frequent trips to the store.

Give
as quickly as the food itself, the food a reasonable amount of care


Sold alto In many oihtr sixes and styles of packages.
St. Lawrence Sugar Refineries Limited,	a treat
x

irrr

F\i
S^-17
À \
J X jf
I
tt

*
4
>
.
BLACK WHITE #N
F «BE
Make the most of the sea-sou’s fruit crop. Use only
r

his to produce vomiting.
i A:i ounce of prevention is worth a
He on the safe side
r
Everybody!" was

t-wes
i.
»4U









Lantic
Sugar
W
Si «
and other vermin.

Vse More Torn-Meal.



"Pure and Uncolored99
Tlie best preserving sugar on account ot its high sweetening power and "FINE" granulation
2 and 5-lb 10, 20 and 100-lb cartons
one

I
4t

sacks
129
Ask your Grocer for
LANTIC SUGAR
r. F. DALLEY CO. OF CANADA LTD.
HAMILTON. CAN.
Dr
A
z
Corn-meal mush with dates: A good and wholesome dish much liked by the
Ten minutes before aerv-

Corn-meaJ with cheesy is an excellent substitute for meat:	Butter a
%
extra to-night.”
tlentîy‘for hî^man Vo rvturni aml‘final- captivé, and putting on still more top with butter and sprinkle with a /v his vigil was rewarded	! speed, soon arrived within arms few dry bread crumbs. Brown in a
-•	*	------ ' ‘u~	'---- In an- hot oven.
.	.—--------- , .	, . _	,	Indian pudding: use five cupfuls of
I learn they are going to ing rape^	e h,fure he p" milk, one-third cupful of meal, half a
cupful of molasses, one teaspoonful of Most of (level), one teaspoonful of ginger the'ApacheV"had"e.leaped capture, but (level), and butter the size of an egg.
AmVlhv“ Sphinx," wïth"‘Ve\Tra'l g^nd- there were enough within sight of Cook meal and milk twenty minutes — 1 watching from every place Kelly to put up a strong fight, in their in a double boiler, add other mgredi-
could hide themselves along attempt to rescue the cloaked figure. ents, and bake two hours. Serve hot
After a short hut tremendously ac- with cream and manie svrun.
D
A
soon arrived Within arms few dry bread crumbs.
In an- hot
hr his vigil was rewarded.	( speed,
“They are making great prépara- length of the fleeing form. _
Lions for a big time, boss,” said the de- other instant,he had caught the flow-
tective. _ .—........ ..	..
crown some woman ‘Queen of the Vn- less in hi* strong arms, derworld.’ •*	Holding tight to his charge, Kelly
“Such being the case, we must be shouted orders to his men. present at the coronation,” said KellfJ |

is made in one grade only—the highest. So there is no danger of getting “seconds” when you buy Redpath in the original Cartons or Bags.
‘‘Let Redpath Sweeten it. ”
Canada Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal.

tarn*
m
Zi
arme8t was
the street that led to Cafe Chat Noir. After a short but tremendously ac- with cream and maple syrup, just as soon as dusk fell and the un-' tive period of fighting and scuffling. |	-----_
dvrworld began to start upon its night- the gendarmes captured most of the
'•evsrsi.^s : ss&asrAV?,1 «.................................................'«rr* w“ r",;t
work underground, there were other dering his men to proceed to jail with Ling on the bottoms of irons will be
the their own prisoners, Kelly started to found in the inside wrapper of bar
laundry soap. Use in same way as
you do beeswax.
Pins, scissors "and lead-pencils are important parts of household machinery. Every housekeeper’s main workshop, the kitchen, should be supplied with these small implements.
There is a right and a wrong way to do everything, even to the frying of an egg," declares a wise man. For
6
2 and 5 lb. Cartons—
JO, 20, 50 and 100 lb. Bags.
Homely Wxinkles.
i
pool:
for Summer Vvfear
at Work and Pl^y
gendarmes ready to pounce upon


a A
PEERLESS PERFECTION
For Those Broad Acres
v
: Afu:



vs*
Q

/; a .
t
#
that will b life lim# f
_______oim—the* will bold s w«M ho*
t u ne thfugh - lhe» cMtmt-»	thalsunde
Ibh near# b? snlmslg 01 wn#ther sod Is r*®r*»®*f®** pg»U« PFHfIXTh'N lending Is ir.tdw rf Hrsvy Hearth ##**! Wire with all the Imruruiee
WÊM
vaSBÏTVT » I • *' ¦	ked u>- I
g	• r0+ ItM 1
the fence ngH. theraf we fewer pnete re,*V*r#Tll T*A/ '	« > ’ .	4 •	'	'* ml • • 1	• " ' P0 '	* ' w 1
Î Mar- <|	h awrllw .rth oatamr -r I r idef.	¦/
In ere t ,'ig I •" » C % I# h • a « r r f^plrta .uva. # |
tel Wàîwru eoxH wm* rrwer ro.. ûjj
t'.al rent
Put up l f
¦M
M
t-
< a i
¦ »!
opta
y ..
gZ f %
8r«hk\&2
Don’t work in heavy, leather boots this summer. Wear “Fleet Foot” Shoes. They are honest and sturdy enough to stand the farm work.
make his way from the sewer with the cloaked figure across his shoulder.
the sgwer n separated
Lb,
H—film. fMiht
In the chase through Kelly’s assistants had from their leader, and they were seat-I in his apartments when he reached . me with his human load stifl safe in i- grasp. He threw the cloaked figure into a chair, and ordered one of his men to snap handcuffs upon dainty whit wrist*.
Then Kelly sat down to regain hi# breath. He contemplated his assistant^ with m look of superiority. His manner clearly indicated his self-satis-
I.
“We did not get any jewels or paintings. boys," cried the Sphinx, “but I here is the leader of the gang." Thf great detective reached ovef to th* lithe and graceful form as 1$ set listlessly in a roomy armchair and started I to remove the cloak that covered the - figure's head and upper And in that instant the greatest shock in fcis career as Eu-rojjHrl most famous and fearless de
(To be continued.)

E
Easy and comfortable—light—sensible—and so much cheaper than leather.
When White
EVERYDAY
bread
the
you go out in the evening, wear “Fleet Foot” Shoes. There are plenty of different styles and apes, for every occasion, day as well as evening u they are far less expensive than leather boots.
Next time you go to town, be aure to the “Fleet Foot” Shoea for aummer wear.
IG, wholesome, nutritious loaves, of delicious nut-like flavour, downy light-and excellent keeping qualities.
B
sha
an
LAKESIDE
ness
=~
206
FIVE ROSES HOUR
JFor Breads - Cakes-Puddings-Pastries
body.
W
w
0
received
YACHT l MC
MA
ATHLETE BAL
V
###PAGE###3###
DD

i
-r1"
v
arm (rop
»
rôNemi
ries
/

S?
Simple Device Which Makes a Good Substitute for an Ice-box, and
Is Easily Made by the Home Carpenter.
Il
«s
i
j
Conducted by Professor Henry 0. Bel
Conducted 6y Mm Jfdjtni Xaur
i
Mothers end daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to write 19	'•?
department Initials only will be published with each question and answer as a means of Identification, but full name and address mue given In each letter. Write on one elds of paper only. Answers win mailed direct if stamped and addreeeed envelope It enclosed.
Address ail correspondence for ihle department to Mrs. Helen Law. 23» Woodbine Ave.» Toronto.
y
r

The object of this department le to piece et ••rvlce of our ferm readers the advice of en acknowledged authority on ell subject# pertaining to eolla end
crops.
I
,JP

Address all queetlene to Professor Henry Q. Bell, ears of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In this column In the order In which they are received. As space le limited It le advisable where Immediate reply le necessary that a stamped end addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when the answer will be mailed direct
J. L. G.:—1. It takes a submarine from three to eight minutes to submerge
speed, so far as known, is 12 knots. Generally ten miles an hour is the
the edge of a carpet, a hot iron is an excellent exterminator. Dampen the edge of the carpet and iron with the
If of velvet or Brussels,
The record for submerged
hot iron'  MM iPU
hold the iron close to the carpet, but
§§E5r=§»«§?£ JL dfe .(HT sSSHSsSSS'S
EMHS-25lB5sBS65 ^ „i=sL ™
much fertilizer should we use to the pasture runs short in latter part of Country homos without icehouses may have an Iceless refrigerator as a It empties into the Gulf of Trieste and by handl7g ,fre7 h*\t* lemon acre? Tfre land la In good shape. July or August. I have two and good substitute.	the Adriatic Sea.	mg rub the hands w‘th hllir a ,	^
Answer—In order to get a max- one-half acres that I would like to use This convenience comprises a simple wooden frame with a covering of '«ifniupbonor»'. n	„ Vtirx/ ta^e a "talk of rhubarb, pee an
imum yield of corn on your sandy for this purpose. Would cowpeas canton flannel made to fit so that little air Is admitted into it.	, , , , ‘ V .n"y ?..	*. bruise and rub the hands with it.
loam soil, I would advise you to put and oats be a good feed if cut green, llW.,^ks fn??de of the .Bame ?ater1a] 89 !he cover are tarkod on toP of J?!UVur „ 'j,	1 ? *Sp<M la' ? gI0°1i “Botanist”:—The national flowers
ssEm ass	w######
the other 100 pounds per acre through the mixture should greatly benefit the fore be kept in a shady place where there is a free circulation of air.	Keep	,	... ,	,	,	..	,	*^aPBn»	chrysanthemum,	y*
the fertilizer attachment of the corn balancing of the ration, since soy the wicks in a supply of fresh water in the top pan.	The whole refrigerator .	.	that.	V , re(rn	s bo',lcH los® lily. There ia r.o	flora, nationa. em-
planter. I would advise an analysis beans are rich in protein and fat and should stand in a larger pan which catches the drippings from the cover. hcat rap,,< . * lheref^e th(,y necd blcm accepted by the other allies, Rus-
Kjsaffasvç	5TÆKSS =?««.=•«
SgSSSe £5S£gi gasassss-g ==ase assez
last year, part of it had manure ap- same time as the corn, if you cultivate	!	" „	a saucepan, bring to a boil, a<< yo
plied. If the balance of the field la the corn only one way, but the com-, )£%//fo D •	>-»X, hVfer to. Produce 0 K“od m,lk cow '» , ^ucy :-l Spread a thin film of one egg, cook till thick, remove and
manured then disked and harrowed mon practice in the middle western	“*1 when “ " ycunK-	butter «% ch.e,ese that ls to be Put	W1,h * teaspoonful salt and a
thoroughly, would It be all right to states is to drill the seed in at the	-*- away and it will not dry or cra<*. 2. dash of pepper
nurse crop for the clover. The buck- |ege. He has obtained good results ,t ie better for u ealf to mis3
wheat tends to grow very thick. It Is from the following mixture:	feed	than to have a feeding of sour
used to smother out such weeds as Q .61	milk.
EErEH.'H
since it ripens early, is shallot rooted and is removed more quickly from the
ground, so that the clover has a bet- He advises sowing this early in ter chance to grow. The small grain May. The oats and the Early Amber and clover should be sown as soon as sugar cane can be drilled through the the ground can be prepared in the ' grain drill and the clover seed can be
In order to help both the sown through the clover seed attachment of the drill. At Guelph they found this mixture ready for cattle pasture late in June. It carried more than one steer to the acre. In 1911 it was successfully used for milk
1
Henry G. Belt
No
!
î
complaints are continued, in spite of these precautions, it is best to consult your family physician.
Use three or four horses in a team I	HCflltll	j
a wherever possible.	I	The teeth are an important factor
The neck and shoulders of most I	in maintaining health. Poor, irregular,
. „	....	,	...	.	„ ,	! horses are all the time changing. The	¦¦¦¦¦	1 gaaaaJ, decayed teeth cause foul breath, and
rfvz sttï srJî'jaJa» ;%%% -- •- - - t:t, c" s.t:zh,r,t:i
. ...	.	„	. other year.	I ,Thcre Probab|y, is "° other co™" disorders, caused by lumps of parti,
The pregnant heifer should receive U j, difficult to find a better collar Plamt so universal and so generously masticated food , and fermenting
a liberal ration containing a high per than a good curled hair collar.	j talked about than sore feet. This dis- the stomach
cent, of protein and ash, as these are gome blacksmiths seem to think ease has its origin with the adoption All food must be in a liquid state be-necessary for the development of the they must earn their money paring off 0< lhe custom of wearing shoes. Not fQre ^ can g j^to the intestinal
TkS K .	.	,	, ,	..	.. the horse's hoof. Result, thousands »"'y i« this a problem among civilians, tract jf this Usk be continuall,
Ine best time to start feeding thcl(,f poor gort-foo 1 horses.	[but also among the military ranks,
where foot troubles form a large percentage of the physical surveys from
i
7 Tbs
88 Tbs
Total
imposed on the stomach it produces distress.
The mouth is indicative of character
spring
small grain and the clover catch, since your seeding must necessarily be late, I would advise applying from 200 to 260 pounds of fertilizer carrying 2 to 3% ammonia and 8 to 10% phosphoric acid
A SILO ON EVERY FARM
service.
Tired, aching, burning and painful feet are very often the cause of a general, systematic depression of vitality. Occupations requiring one to stand on
and as expressive as the eye. Refined
and particular people do not neglect
the appearance of the teeth
for the amount invested, when neces-
. .	, .	I .	. !	. sary to have cavities filled and good
the feet constantly and for a great de|lta, w<irk done there is no part of
time	a
If there is anything a farmer is	in forced, and	the doors must be air-	large proportion	of	these complaints,
justified in going into debt for it is a	tight.	and ill-fitting	footwear exaggerates
silo. No implement will pay for it- There	are five kinds	of silos on the	the tendency
self so quickly as the silo. The ques-	market,	those	made of	wood, solid ce
Taken
This will act like whole milk
It will give the
Pays For Itself in Two Winters With Twenty-Cow Dairy—How
,	to Get It—Where to Put It.
cows
to thi young calf infant grain and clover plants easily digestible plantfood and will greatly assist both crops.
Question—W. M
If you wish to grow a crop to cut green, I would advise you to mix peas and oats,—a bushel of each makes a good rich green hay and gives satisfactory results as soon as you can prepare the ground.
This
the human body that will give such good results.
A reasonable amount of care, a good dentifrice and a fairly stiff brush— all these give pearly teeth, a clean, sweet breath, ruby lips and a feeling of perfect cleanliness.
Sow this just
|	What Is your
advise in regards to planting soy
It is commonly belived that all pain
tion,	Will it pay? is no longer debat-	ment, cement blocks,	hollow tile and	ful feet are the result	of fallen ar he#,
ing any other phase	of	the pig's ex-	able.	With a dairy of twenty cows	iron.	This is by no means true, because
istence.	| it will pay for Itself in two winters' The wood silo was the first com- many flat feet are not painful and
Teach the litter to cat three weeks feeding. The only questions nowa- mercially introduced and has been many painful feet are quite normal in before weaning.	, days are, How can I get one? What greatly improved. In selecting shape.
The shade problem Is	one that must	For best results milk	products are	kind shall I get? Where shall I	put	a wood silo, the writer would	go to the The	heel of the shoe plays an im-	Sunlight is one	of the	best disin-
be solved in the near	future. The	practically a necessity,	with middl-	it, end how shall I pay for it?	expense of having the stàves made in	portant part in the maintenance of the	frétants wè have.	It is not the heat
days will soon be here when the mid- ings.	Wideawake fruit farmers have one piece. This costs a little more, normal contour of the foot. Its orig-from the sun, but certain rays of
day sun can do a lot of damage to A few handfuls of dry grain scat- found that dairying filled a unique and Cement silos, and silos made of hoi- jnaj purpose was to keep the back part light which kill the bacteria when they stock exposed to it.	Even in June	tered in the bedding insures the pigs	profitable place in their farming	sys-	-ow cement blocks have been	used, but	0f the	shoe out of the mud, but now	are exposed to it.	From	this it can
there are days when a	little shade is	taking exercise. Avoid	overfeeding,	tern. And modern dairying is	not	[° not seem to be growing	in favor,	grace,	form and style seem to be its ; seen that well	lighted	houses and
needed. This is probably more the and make exercise necessary.	profitably possible without a silo.	1%very silo, however, no matter of what function.	'barns are not favorable places for the
case with	chicks	than	it is	with	grown	Gradually increase	middlings until	An	f ere of corn made into good	mai.'i ial	it is constructed, should have	Proper shoes are,	therefore, es-	development	and	life	of	bacteria,
fowls; but,	nevertheless, they	all	need	weaning. If skim-milk	is available,	silage	has about forty per cent, great-	% solid	foundation of	masonry or ce-	g^ntial for the proper	function of the	Neither	is	direct	sunlight	a	favorable
it. Trees	furnish	the	most	cooling	and two litters per year are anticipai-	J er feeding value than when fed as m« nt. preferably cement.	j	feet. K y foot requires its in-1 place	teria	t<	live	and	many
Where trees are	not	available	ed, wean at six weeks of age; other-	crib corn and dry fodder
wise wean at eight weeks
Rape makes excellent forage for	the winter months and silage furnishes
hogs. And rape, sown on land kept	it in convenient, economical form,
under clean cultivation until July, will	Steers and lambs make faster and
assist in land cleaning

,
-------*---------
Rest of Disinfectants
shade
canopies should be erected, made by driving stakes in the ground and covering the top with burlap.
The chicks need plenty of nourishing food, but care must be taken that they are not overfed. If overfed they will lose their appetites and becomes stunted.
dividual shoe.	articles can be disinfected to a large
More especially is the subject of extent by placing them in direct sun-proper footwear essential to the bus!- light for a number of hours or a num-
Complaint# peculiar her of days in succession.
Cows need succulent feed during
ness woman
to her sex may have their origin from malposition of the pelvis caused by shoes which tend to throw the weight of the body forward tired feeling often complained of by the shopgirls at the end of the day's work may he attributed to foot-strain from poorly fitted shoes.
The remedy rests in taking advan- an individual and not merely a me-tage of the rest periods during work- chanical contrivance for producing Ing hours by sitting down
cheaper gain# when silage is part of ; the ration.
There is a further urgent reason for erecting a silo this season—the I prices of all feeds are unusually high and the saving with silage is consequently greater than over before.
I
u ~	t -—— j a s is. ssrsti;	11555 £3T— bt r n —
sec:,::	iehA
Km«?thefwoutd whh Ur	*l,° t,,nt> f,"et ''' ,liemet,r would len,lv*ly explo,ted	Vnit^ A doten pair, of little shoe, and smiled back into l|H
' f , th.t ih. h..'iin. !	qu're 1 herd of from thirty five to	States, being put up In sections all	slippers hung down almost to the floor	As the infant class .«holers trooped
close wat h	heeling takes	b,#d 0f cmttij to eat enough off bolted together, the joints 1 ;in& filled	from that infant class bench, and a	out for the closing exercise* a little
place at once.	day to keep the silage fresh A °P with suitable paste. The man2- dozen little maids kept them swinging figure in a dainty,dress slipped into
silo ten feet In diameter and thirty	facturera claim the work of erecting	back and forth all through the lesson	the seat beside Jane/ Rums and a
feet high is the beat size for the	tin • silos is so simple that a farmer	hour Ada Bryce was so busy gaz-	soft " whimpered, I guess
"Charley, dear," said yeong Mre.	small-sized herd. This will hold	with ordinary judgment can put them	mg at her	own pretty,	shiny boots	I 11 sit by you.	You can hold	my	muff
Tonkins. "I want you to promise that	forty six tone of ensilage, enough for.	up, using the help on the farm. When	that she did	not notice a	pair of very	if you like.	It's cosy to put	your
ILyou decide to enlist you will tell me	eleven cowe, each getting forty pounds	the alio ie complete and erected, it	worn shoes	at the other	end <>f the	han I; in.
all about it without delay."	a day. for 200 day., and allowing eom.	resist. *'.e actio* of heat and told, the	row.	A, «he and	l.ory Miller	trotted
“What fort"	fir loes.	walla being abeolu'ely air-tight, and “Why, whet a shabby pair of shoes horns from Sund .y school together
"I want te speak to the general, so	The absolutely essential features ' the silage will keep well; but there	to wear to Sunday school «he	Ada whispered In Lucy'. - —
that ha won't let you forget your over,	about a good elk) are: The walls must !	no doubt that the eilo of this type	thought to herself when ehe caught	easy to make people happy; and lent
shoe, end est things th.t disagree	be air and meteture proof, the Inner slould be kept painted, particularly,	sight of them; “and what a faded	it funny T It makes you feel as If
You know, Charley, you at rface must be smooth end perpend! , inside, where It might he eaten with drew that little girl has. I mm glad someone were making you happy,
eular. the walla must be strongly re- Iruat.	she U not sitting h, me, and she too.'________ __________

Economy is the word now. Even the weather having a little bit of winter left over, turned in and used it after thefl rat of May.

The general
#%
>1
The hens out on range must be look-
They are apt to hide their
:
ed after
There have been quite serious losses nests in some out-of-the-way place, jn iambs in England this spring owing and in consequence many eggs are lost or never found until they have lost their value
pest, and above all things never market it!, egg that has been found outdoors; let the cook in your own kitchen test its quality.
Milk records prove that the cow is


Kt
When milk
Beware of the hidden


;
>



,
*>?*
'1 1 n't ry happy," she she knew it al-L»d at the little
ducing them to come sufficient.

ering eyes
OTfo&sQ
»
wn
The strength of the pig when farrowed exerts possibly the greatest effect on the ultimate economy of production
Second only to this point In Importance le the influence of wisdom in the feeding and management of the sucking and the weaned pig.
More good litters ere ruined—end
Solicitude
"It's
cour aged—by ' Improper feeds and
reeding end ill-advised methods at the period mentioned, then poesioly dur-
with you
'
###PAGE###4###




¦
That we again advertise for qualified Teachers—5 in number, Applications to he on hand 10, a. in., June 1(5, 1017, when the Board shall again meet.— ( arried.
dated Montreal June 7th, containing the following paragraph, which brought to a definite conclusion the matter of our correspondence and of an excursion.
" I am sorry to have to advise you that it will be impossible for us to o|*crate your excursion to the F\peri mental Farm at Ottawa or to Macdonald College at 8te. Anne's. "
Trusting those interested in the * imposed excursion will accept this explanation, I am, yours truly,
I!. W Hoimiina,
Secretary V. V. A.S No. 1. Slmwville June 11, 1 PIT.
; SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
THE EQUITY.
rorstng upon his supposed disgrace It vu mmol suddenly stood in the midst of them. Could It bo Indeed Brum-mol? Could it be mortal who thus appeared with such nu enclncture of raillant glory about his neck? Every eye was upon him, fixed In stupid admiration; every tongue, ns It slowly recovered from Its speechless paralysis, faltered forth, ‘What a cravat!'*'
And then the description of the cravat which confounded the guests at the Duchess of Devonshire’s ball:
“There it stood, smooth and stiff, yet light and almost transparent; delicate
ns the music of Ariel, yet firm ns the I ,>Umvliprrt spirit of Hegulus; bending with the grace of Apollo's locks, yet erect with the majesty of the Olympian Jove; without a wrinkle, without an Indents-A year of extraordinary progress was tlon. What a cratat! The prince re-retlevted in the statements at the annual cent saw and shook, and, uttering a meeting of the Merchants Bank of Can- faint gurgle from beneath the wadded ada held yesterday. It was last year an bag which surrounded Ills royal thorax,
I •!' congratulation that the he was heard to whisper with dismay: ,	. _ ¦irrriuaa
Bank had received an increase in de- *--- him! What a cravat! Ihe trl- NOTICE OF IVIEETINuu
msit> for the twelve months of #10/XX)- umph was complete.'
ooo, But during the year under review The Mirror added that the ITinoo « r ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE 2
'I this has been eclipsed hy i >rd ol Wales sent an emissary to Beso Brum! $:>oy(MO,ooo increase. As the managing tnel to learn the secret of the wonder-director Mr. K. F. Ilehdcu said, the fnl creation In neckwear and that
M Merci ts Bank has now moved well up Brummel sent bsck word, “Tell your into the plane of hundred million dollar master that you have seen Ills master/’
It was not until his debts forced him
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 14, 1917.
M. A. MvKim.ky,
Asst. Sec.-Treas
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Menu-ments over placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
X rumor was in circulât ion iit town Monday that Sir Wilfrid Laurier had ignvd tiic leudvvdiil rtv. hut it
Bristol Presbyterian Notes.
f the Lihcra
t '
\ftei
ol
l ntnutumt'uut' extending over four weeks, with it tendance of !1U at the eight ngs, the results of the movement r the dwiviung of the spiritual life of iv church known as Forward Step ings held in the Brick church during March 5—9, under the leadership of lb v. IL B. N elles. Toronto, were eul minatvd in the regular Preparatory service on Frid.iy night last in the Brick
t 'hiirch.
The Sacrament of Baptism having U*eti dispensed, the Minister, Bev.
W. lx. Harris read the names of the new communicants, the questions for ad mission to membership were fully explained and having been asked and satisfactorily answered the Session gavt to each the right hand of fellowship. The minister then proceeded to explain the duties and resjamsibilities of mem beiship under the question "W hat Next ! The evening Prépara lory >er vice was an expeliment, and was de scrilied by some of the older member as reminding them of the old time scr vices in the good old da\s. Present
not confirmed by tl
series
was
i
of this district.
purchasers’ interest to consult mo before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.

A> mat
d of the evening papers, a am l just now, however, more ui
iverajB
happened
< hax
« I
nu
f All
at the polls in the gen-lielil last Thursday by ft majority. All the memlaei i-tbinvt were re elected.
Mr-. MtKenny has been i«resent l ’lnrvsholm.
t Conservative, a great temper rkev, and the first woman elect-it in a Canadian legis-Vvrily we do move.
Sifton Adm
i la
n
rvt
M
The Merchants Bank
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
I
U A
\
( Montreal Herald .1 une 7),
il election
f tin
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
S O
A woman -elected to re She is an inde-
F
occasion
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
1
WO
l<> take
l s
n
lit
O. Y. 11. LODGE, No. îlOI. meets 2ml Wednesday of each month at rt p. m.
W. E. N. Hodgins, Hoc.-Secy.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn - Last Monday
of each month.
onferenoos had between and Sir Wilfrid
G. Mr Do well, W. M.
The severals i
Sir Robert I* >rdeti
I iurier last week, with a view to form-i coalition government, were barren
a fact that >i»e.tks .ill the
haracter of the t° Aoc from England and to take the
institutions
iw>re on the pn«givsaive c
in 'iiulic.M » I f i it i< run •mlwred that obscure position of British consul nt " I this hits I wit done without amalgama Caen, In France, where he contracted lion with anv other bank.	more debts and finally died insane In
,	. Mr. Hebden’s remarks regarding the 1»», that the secret of the cravat bo-
¦SI**
sente,i with their certificate of First	-tabihty nt the Canadian banks
Vomnmnion by the Session. The im- »'»«	‘of.keeFn« *
S^tiolC ,wfn%e^h.% TW"	all %%'bn,%n,
been read thev rose in a Wy to U now. when changes of so momentous a welcomed a. n,einlH.-rs will not W f,„ nature tn the whole eeonomte structure gotten l.v those privileged t„ witness it.H "‘‘.world are - mending with the 33 united l.v ... Faith ; S by ««elusion of the war. None of us
certificate from other churches ; total kn<1.w h"w »""" "mse changes may It. One of the largest ingathering' iu N'"'	*l«e need of a cautious
the history of the old church of Bristol.	-nly the part of the banks
Delighttnl as these apparent result. are, "» the part of every business mst,-tli ex' are. we, ,ra verfullv believe, but the	congratulate Mr. liepden
fete :
working, so earnestly and long.' Note I	' «hey were able to present.
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Howard Dale.
XV. M.

Keg. IIODUINS, Secy.
tliat object was eon The Liberal chieftain could
eye to eye w ith the 'question of con-80 negotiation* between
off where they Sir Wilfreds attitude, however, reflect the views of a good
results so far
2l>
rat'd.
1 t
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on i he l Ith of eich month.
II. N. IIODGINK.
W. Comp. In Com.
not bring himself to set
the Premier on
ption. and
tin two leaders broke
JlEo. Horn; ins. Com. Scribe.
i
r i
Hog for Service
Purebred Chesterwhite Hog 11 Shawville Hero," 13808. Fee-t LOO.
OEO. DRAPER,
R. R. No. 3, Shawville.
began.
does not
many of his English-speaking followers, and when a vote is taken on the bill,
CLEAN UP SALE
New Express Cream Separator Singer Sewing Machine The above must be cleared out and most liberal terms will be Poland China Hog (registered). Ser-1 given, vice fee—One dollar.
Apply at
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
before Parliament, it is expected that those men will line up behind the Government, which, on the other hand, stands to lose some of its Qttel>ec supporters, including Hon. Mr. Pat en -nude, who has already resigned his position in the cabinet I because of the conscription issue. A bitter tight over the measure seems imminent, but it is the impression the Government is determined to push it through.
St. Bernard Dogs.
The true St. Bernard dog originated In the fourteenth century, being a cross between n shepherd dog from Wales and n Scandinavian crossbreed, half Dane and half Pyrenean mastiff. The last pure descendant of the tribe was burled beneath an avalanche in 1816.
There Is a perfect specimen of a true St. Bernard dog in the Natural History museum nt Berne, where the stuffed body of the frimons Barry Is preserved. There Is plenty of St. Bernard Wood left, however, crossed with strains, and the fame of the breed 'an never perish.
TO 'W
Hog for Service
O. A. HOWARD.
#
cAN ADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Homeseekers’
Excursions
NOTICE.
The people in this section are probably the “best pay” of any in our country. Yet. a few Accounts are outstanding. These may be settled at the office.
.). W. ARMSTRONG, M. D. Shaw ville. March 17, 1017.
tiler
> G
I**!
hysteria, hut a couinu peal with this result
After the meetings, vet. u«'V deaf
i
• %
M Il M
British make Successful Drive
in Belgium
ECLIPSED A PRINCE
• I
I I
(iikl is
ad
A I'Y tNOK .\O00 X
\ N1» l \ 1*1
xni>s
Man Is Immortal till his work Is
lone — Williams,
ENTERED BELGIAN ARMY.
Shingles for Sale.
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
11. T. ABOVE,
.Shawville, (jue.
To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta mid British Columbia, May to October, 1917.
Good going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 80th, 1017. Return limit two calendar months from date of sale.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER.
Agent Shawville.
day, the W omen > Mission-
f the Brick Church met #
v\ wore in >vvii >ors and lot
( >n Wed arv S
6.000 1‘risoNFRs
t\
I i
—The British armies front, and won a \ic-
London, June 8 struck on a new tory which supplements the successes at
ths. The
i ! Beau Brummel Outshone and Then Snubbed the Regent.
1 |
lit
Uni V
f till I faithful workers
mi
I lie
tl
one <
ii
IX
Dr. Frederic Nlrholal of Toronto Served In Land of Birth.
interested
: 1 • \\ith her I. »rd. ilirttely decided that in plat flowers they would honor her nam
her Vieloved grandchild, Flora Woods, (whose mother was until her death an enthusiastic mission-
society,) a memorial
!
Arras during the past two m< tire reached its climax just waa graying the t
the full moon was s th< heavens. To-day dong a ten mile front from Observatory ridge, south east of Y pres, to PI Uert wood just north of Annentieres, proved Another triumph f«*r British arAs the fighting was ian soil, however, the Belgian artillery stationed some distance north of the actual line of att lent aid with a violent bombardment of ? he German positions within range of its varied calibred weajxma.
The advance began by an unprecedented explosion of British mines along the whole ten-mile front. I rrespond-iis describe this in the following terms:
Wt
Nl It
lawn
Dr. Frederic Nicholai, son of tba General Director of the Department of Sciences and Arts of Belgium. Is hack in Toronto after service with the Belgian ..rmy In Flanders since the first month of the war. brings with him no word of his father, mother, sister, or brother, who were in Brussels when war was de-
He has come back also with | battling against the United States,
a pronounced dislike of civilian Belgians in Flanders. In common witb^^^M##
:	ss	s&t=-
tirely removed from the war zone." mines whore art Is concerned, he said in answer to a query. Na- | But Croke called him the present	The heat possible answer is :
lrmLe0r.reasuî"nedhare much'^ j ÏST °‘	“* A CONFEDERATION LIFE-POLICY.
been entirely overrun by the German	fania painter, who was then and tor
array. "Too many Canadians judge	.wenty-eight years president of the g Q. ANDERSON, Agent,
the Belgian people by the Flemish."	Royal Academy in London. Doctor	fiHAU/v„IE
he said.	Jroke observed that the day would	SHAWVILLE. QUE.
Dr. Nicholai went overseas as a ' ome when the Pennsylvania Acad-ciwilian August 18, 1914, two weeks	May's influence would “turn out new
after war was declared and offered	Wests to revive the school of
his services to the Belgian Govern- | Raphael in the wilds of America."
Anyhow, this British authority de-
England and

—«-* «
-astern skies, and while till suspended high
I,v STORY OF A FAMOUS CRAVAT.
nt n
ir to
I ,1
n succt>s*cs won
!>
After His Historic Quarrel With Wales the Beau Won a Sartorial Triumph That Almoat Choked His Royal Master With Envy and Dismay.
He | teculium of this or that nation, but is the property of mankind at large."
And so England sent on these works of art which her cruiser, then
OlYAw
V «,v V'
11
an worker n life memlnrship in the Missionary Society, she rests from her lalmrs and her v - 'I ks ,1 • f. -11 -w 1
THEY CANNOT CARRY ON THE WAR
WITHOUT AMMUNITION.
Si
rv
dared.
It was Beau Brummel who was described ns “the glass of fashion and the mold of form," and today there are ordinarily only two things which the name of the famous dandy of the English court suggests. One is an arbiter of fashion, the other the incident in which Brummel asked of a companion of the Prince of Wales, “Who is your fat friendV"
In 1830 Beau Brummel still was living. and the New York Mirror, a weekly publication "devoted to literature and the fine arts," printed a biographical sketch of him ns a figure in contemporary history. Reading it today makes very real a character now little more than a tradition.
"For an obscure Individual without fortune or rank to have conceived the idea of placing himself at the head of society in a country the most thoroughly aristocratic in Europe, relying, too, upon no other weapon than well directed Insolence; for the same individual to have triumphed splendidly over the highest and the mightiest—to have maintained a contest with royalty Itself and to have come off victorious
lad captured.
Doctor Croke in this interesting

friappy event* of the week
f young psop I Mr. and M
___jwv.i-
( . and at the kind f Mrs Meldrum the ladivj aUo present.
Llii" and the Guild were very evenly represented ; I between eighty and ninety attended. After the regular business of the Class had been transacted and a splendid paner on Insects had been read by Louis Hark mss a night of social enjoyment was spent by all. Just before the "eats' an item of interest occurred, when the pastor, Rev. F. W. K. Harris, was escorted to the lawn and there gathered about him the entire assembly, in whose presence was read by W. I).
MeCredie an address of appreciation by the member- of the Young Men's Bible Cl i*a of their minister’s efforts and cooperation in the organization and devel Ipment of the Class to its present strength and efficiency. The treasurer of the Via», J. Campbell, in behalf of the Class, then presented Mr. Harris with a well-filled envelope, enclosing
more than pay his (Juf.bfa- motor car even iu that struggle—for such a one license. Mr. Harris briefly responded, oo ordinary faculties must have been
* hour of refreshment and fun j demanded," the Mirror said in Its issue
ef Juno 4, 1830.
It will be well to recall here that George Bryan, Brumrael's father, was Lord North’s secretary; that the son at Eton and later at Batiol college acquired a reputation for being a "swell dresser/’ and that still later he was a favorite of the Prince of Wales, who was to become George IV. of Great Britain. The Mirror related the fa-miUar stor> of the "fat friend," immortalized in n Punch cartoon, explaining the circumstances which led up to It A mutual friend bad dared Brummel to give an order to Wales, who was î then prince regent and at a dinner the dandy said to him, "Wales, ring the belli" The prince did so and when a servant appeared said, "Show Mr. Brummel to his carriage." It was to repay the regent for this public humiliation that Beau Brummel uttered his famous question the next day in the street The prince was growing corpulent and sensitive of the fact so a feud between the two was launched with the remark.
It is an old story up to this point hot the Mirror proceeded with some facts which probably have never been pub Ils bed since. Brummel boasted that be would put the prince regent out of fashion, made his plans at once and sprang his coup at a brilliant ball given by the Duchess of Devonshire.
On June 8th I received a letter from jD the Mirror’s own words: ilv .Vaste'
( )
Urge gathering pitable home Meld rum. It WH'th
the 1 tt the h<i
\va
i I
K

•
ial
XI
t’Y
V M K
i «
in g of the f the Y. W. (Ï.

The
11

•* The earth opened and the German lines disappeared, ” is one terse description.
Another, who says the explosive u>vtl was atninol, writes :	" We aw what
might have been the doors thrown open in front of a n limiter of colossal blast furnaces. They appeared in pairs, in threes in singles and with each blast the earth shook and shivered beneath our fceL 4 It is worse than an earthquake,' sanl someone who had known one of the worst earthquakes. Thunderclouds of frmoke rose in solid form to immense heights from Hill U0, from Wytschaste Wood and other places and, w hile our eyes were full of the iqiectacle, a thousand guns oj»ened fire. The air shook as the earth shook and where earth and iir met incredible explosions seemed t rend the world until we ap; «eared part *f some cosmic revolution.
saw familiar landsca|»es, already ploughed and lsarrowed by 11 war, vanish or assume grotesque shapes Hill 60 went up in fine du4.
ANOTIIF.r SUOCESSFt L ATTACK.
London,
. V.l la>t night smith "f {Solid rad entered the German |>o>ith‘n> on a front of more than two miles, the war - ffice announces. The German line wa> ml rated to a depth of more than half a mile. Heavy casualties were inflicted on the Germans.
He served with the motor
menf—
transport section of the army until ! laved at in time March, 1916. Then he went to Shorn- America shall know no other enmity cliffe Camp, England, and enlisted .han a liberal rivalry in every elegant with the Canadian Army Servie* | md manly accomplishment."
Corps. His health gave out during	_1^tÊÊÊÊ I ¦
the summer and he was in an Eng- I complete verification of that pro-llsh hospital from November 6 of | phecy. last year until December 18 with severe Indigestion, and then until February with "red tape." His discharge was delayed several weeks, j announced by the British Govern-He refused a place as Interpreter for ment there were about 50.000 bar-the Anglo-Flemish corps of the Belgian army because he said he had no sympathy with the language.
Any man who has seen service at the front and pays he is anxious to go back is a fit subject for an asylum," he said wher he arrived In Toronto. War is all that Sherman said It was, according to Dr. Nicholai.
41
Synopsis of Canadian North Wist Land Rioulations
And 102 years of peace seems a
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has
continued to be, ftlËtKÊÈÊItÊÊ or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must api»eur in person at Dominion ijiiids Agency or Sub-Agency for Dis trict. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions.. Duties—Six months residence m>on and cultivation of land in each of tn
« l
High Prices for Apples.
British subject
When the embargo on apples was

rels left In Nova Scotia which had seen intended for overseas. It was discovered that there would be no great difficulty in obtaining tonnage 'or the transport of these apples, the space. In fact, having already been oooked. The rail transportation con-lition was such that there was no )tber freight available if the steamers were to sail on time. The chief zause of worry was in regard to what would be done on the other side if the apples were forwarded. An explanation of the situation :abled to Sir Robert Borden, him-*elf a native of the apple-growing iistrlct and familiar with conditions. Sir Robert was able to secure the necessary assurance that the apples would be allowed to enter, and the ihipments were completed. Cabled idvices from London show that these Apple* sold at from $8 to $12 per barrel, and the growers will In consequence receive a net return of from 15 to $9 per barrel for fruit, a large quantity of which was of second and bird quality.
A pleasat i«>ll< «wed.
" Wc
• •
IP 1
Letter of Explanation
rev years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price 63.00 |ier acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 60 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption intent as soon as homestead intent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain district*. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
Interested in the Excurav mid College, or Ex peri m
To tl
n to
June 0.—The British Al-
tai
Mat Farm, Ottawa

Dr. Nicholai had been in Canada fourteen years before the war. He imported building materials ,from
Antwerp.
have been entirely wiped out.
Dear Friends,—I regret to inform you that although the Directors of C. I’. A. S. No. 1 purposed having an agricultural exclusion to either of the above-named between the 10th and 20th of
ible t< _• s une with the V. 1*. R., particularly on ac tint of the congested condition Lht trathe.
Although the request for the cxcur-was made on the 3rd of April, when
The plants in Antwerp

A Memory of 1812.
The Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia was the principal in an incident of the War of 1812 which shows how differently an honorable anemy regarded personal property, let alone human lives of friendly powers. The academy was bringing aver from Italy twenty-one paintings ind fifty-two engravings, which were i part of the Joseph Allen Smith collection. but a British cruiser captured the ship which was carrying these works of art to Philadelphia. The prime was taken to Halifax. Did England keep these Philadelphia measures? It did not, says a writer in the Philadelphia Public Ledger. Dr. Alexander Croke. In the court of :he vice admiralty, delivered an eloquent decision in that case.
Heaven forbid." he exclaimed, that such an application to the generosity of Great Britain should sver be ineffectual! The arts and
| UilCV*
June, it was imj



Minutes Clarendon Schools
Hoard of School Commissioners of Clarendon met May 26th, 1917. Present—Chairman Drajier; C“mmixiioner> Tnicy, Laughren and Harris.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of Covdts Laughren and Trncy.
\|'pli'-.i n of Coni’* Tracy and Laughren three tear hers were accepted. (List later.)
Motion—Com rs Harris and Tracy That Walter Elliott of Schneaux be ex nipt fee*
Motion—Com r* Laughren and Harris — That the resignation of Miss Louisa him ith, Teacher of No. 11 School, to take effect June 16th. 1* accepted,— Carried
Motion—Com rs Tracy and Harris—
of three years, cultivate 60 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Can ada during 1917, a* residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent'* office (but not Sub-AgencyX Discharge |»a|hts must be presented to Agent.
sir »n
the Railway Company asked us to wait definite answer till the 1st of June. However, I wrote again early in May, and their reply was not very encouraging, regarding the intention of that comp my tooj»erate special trains of any character this year, and their closing paragraph read—
nsidered. On motion

There are at present 105,561 In liana In Canada, and if the Eskimo were added they would bring the number up to 101,850. In Ontario ibere are 26,306, which is less than tie total number of the Hurons when 'he country was discovered, If the estimates of the Venerable Fathers Tan be taken 41,186 Roman Catholics, 18,84$ Ang I leans. 12,780 Methodists, and the remainder belong te the nondescript faiths of their fore-fstbera.
»ject is to guard against of the war which

hir
mid affect the maintenance of efficiency in the transportation of munitions and other freight, which you will realize is of vital import
Carried.
Wf
W. W CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. N. B.—Unauthorised publication of
this advertisement will not be paid for.
In religion there are















###PAGE###5###



THE EQUITY,
Time for a change in
m

h
H Weekly Journal devoted to local Iqtereeti.
Published every Thursday
BOTH SUMMER AND WINTER
UNDERWEAR
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
SOHHCRfPTIOlf, 91 a Ykar Ilf Advanci
iW All arrears must be paid up before Hiiy p iper 1» discontinued.
The NEW PERFECTION OIL COOK
STOVE will do more work than i clumsy coal or wood stove of twice its size.
The Long Blue Chimney—that's the secret. All the heat goes into the cooking and the visible flame ‘stays put."
Ask the following dealers:
NEW PERFECTION
The break in the weather means a change in Underwear.
For Men
No matter what you prefer, either in heavy or light weight, in combinations or two piece suits, we can please you.
o
advertising rates.
Legal advertising, lOcentN per line for 1st insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of H cents per line for first insertion Atid ft cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be in-scrte I until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
OIL

rz
ole
000:
C. F. Wainman
J. H. Shaw
C. F. Hodgins Co.
W. A. Hodgins
NEW PEBflCTiOW MOZf*
1
HAOt IN < ANAOA
a##	####m
Light Weight Wool
SHAW VILLE, QUE.
I
jon rrtiNTiMo.
i
I
For those who wear light weight wool $1.25 per garment.
i
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
With Royalitt Coal Oil a New Perfection cooks the mealfor from 5 to 10 cents.
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Merino Underwear
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
Limitrd
Professional Cards.
BRANCH» IN ALL CITIES
A heavy cotton, particularly good for those who require some weight. 60 cents per garment.
I WH WH
«If»
UtlHMV
\\m
inn
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Caution to Boy Cyclists.
Qv*.
Doctor of Medici## »ttd Master of Surgery McGill University.	IA .
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
CAMI’nKLLM 13 A Y -
Balbriggan Underwear
I hereby forbid boys or any ;»ersnn from running bicyles on the sidewalks— the street is the place for that sort of thing. Parties disregarding this notice leave themselves liable to a fine. Please hear this in mind.
Low Prices . .
In two-thread Balbriggan, 2 piece or in combinations, short or long sleeves, knee or full length drawers, $1,00 and $1.25 per suit.
Are the ruling features of our store, wlyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
Thk Mayor.
S. A. MACKAY
Shaw ville, June 1, 1917.
STRAW HATS
DOG TAX NOTICE.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle, - - - Que.
The undersigned hereby gives notice that all parties in arrears for dog taxes after June 25th, will be charged an additional 50 cents. If payment is made within the next fifteen days, no extra charge will l>e made.
A superb collection of New Summer Hats. It will be gratifying to the men who want a straw bat, correct in style and moderate in price, to know that we have such a collection. From every day straws to the ftno siunets or splits.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
8. E. HODGINS,
Sec.-Treas.
PUBLIC NOTICE
G. F. HODGINS GO.
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday, the ninth day of July, 1917, at the hour of ten in the morning, at the ottice of the Asst. Secretary Treasurer in the village of Shawville, a meeting of the proprietors of real estate of this municipality of Clarendon, entered as such on the valuation roll, and having paid all their 1 taxes and other contributions, to j recced with the election of a School 1 Commissioner in the room and stead of j Robert J. Tracy, whose term of office
When you require Printing*
call at
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, &C
Then She Felt Better.
To the great relief of the neighbor#, the snobbish and unpopular Jones family were moving.
While the furniture was being brought out some difficulty was ex-
1812 and 1917.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
gf Visits Shawville every Saturday.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Canadians who have noted the fact that fifty votes were cast igainat war In the House of Representatives should consider the situa- ; lion the United	1812.
At that time Uncle Sam had disputes pertenced In removing a pianoforte with Great Britain, and thought it from an upper room, and some one would be a good opportunity to seize i proposed getting It through a large AC-1 Canada. They are going to war with | window and sliding it down.
3ermany to-day by votes of 82 to 6
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
1

A ivocatei Barrister
f
I
Then came a suggestion from the In the Senate and 3 « 3 to :>0 in the jonea* next door neighbor, who had House. In 1812 with a much smaller membership, they entered the Napoleonic war against Great Britain by a Senate vote of 19 to 13. and a House
•	vote of 79 to 49.	At that time Penn-	A ^	e_ .
¦¦	iylvanla was the only Northern State	°P bitterness at last showing Itself In
ADVOCATE	solidly for war.	All Southern and	her tone; “let It come	out ns It went	iAP11T	lllillTPn
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR	Western ^Statee^	except Kentucky,	to—on^the installment	system I”-Lon- LOG A L AGENT	WANTED
CAMPBELLS BA\, QUE. Rrangely enough, most of the North-	---—"	~F0R~
•astern States, in behalf of whose	NEED OUR FARMERS.	Shawville and District
rommerce the war was supposed to	- TO SKIL K0R
""""" Th« Old Reliable Foothill Nurseries.
Devlin St. Marie 4 Duclos I£2&L‘2‘JST.
in part by men who prefer war with ] long way toward combating Ger-3reat Britain to war with Oer-
When we add to these the
WUI .trend Court, end M.I..I %%%%.%%	| S„ A„bu, Le., U,.d .. ,U.
)pen sympathy with Germany, or, formed food production department, for reasons of demagogy, believe that recently told the Associated Press :here Is a disloyal German vote that correspondent. I told Want's worth cultivating, It becomes plain If*' Sir Arthur continued, that we snough that the people as represent- Intended to brln% from America DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR ^ ln Congress are much more united some two thousand tractor ploughs
eb&“ m-M:m	....
—rsst — ïi— =B; ESBSE: 'S
has seen service la the present war.
His present post Is an outgrowth of the Intensified submarine warfare begun on February 1;
charged with the gigantic task of j thin making every available foot of soil produce its maximum amount of
expires.
Given at Shawville this 8th day of June, 1917.
196 Main St. - Hull.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
long fostered the deepest enmity toward them, though until now she bad attempted to conceal IL “No,” she said acidly, all her pent
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Hec.-Treaa., School Mu. of Clarendon.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
— 0 —
Splendid list, of stock for Fall Planting, 1917. and Spring Planting, 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.

Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc. .
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST., HULL
many's plan to starve us into submission through her submarines,”
many.
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent’s proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commission#.
District of Pontiac,
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1887)
GEORGE E. MORENCY
Toronto
Ontario.
Custom Sawing1.
Stray Horse.
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned—known As the “ Duke Stop-I ping Place,’ Black River—about tho SEALED TENDERS addressed to $Oth of May, one bay horse. Owner can the undersigned, and endorsed “ Tender have same by proving property and ;*ay-Supplying Coal for the Dominion jng exj**n*e*
Buildings, ’ will l>e received at this office j until 4.00 P. M* on Tuesday, July 3,	. . ,|
1817, for the supply of coal for the Pub
The bounty upon wolves will have P‘c Buildings throughout the Dwuinion.
g.....—SHSI MU
---=1**1 USÉ “t
Dally sales ran as neee Hia mor® universal employment Hon. Mr. Macdlarmld, chairman contract when called upon to do so or l*t, 1918, to June 30th.	•	.U.iry	stated
All calls will receive prompt per high as $160,000, and the average of woman on the land. I hope to >f the committee, has promised to , fail	to complete	the contract.	If the on application
»u.,iiioD -w z. iMSiw-ursii.Tp z	£sab&ir	“¦ckqu',ai
,ik« steps to interest their employes French women on the land of glor- n lbe gt Lawrence a month before In the advisability of Investing their i0QS France, during one of my reeent | -eal<leiat« of the Dominion, surplus earnings In the war Navire visits. There I saw nothing but wo- IOpi 0f gt. Catharines, recommended certificates One firm has advised	ThFT were everywhere. The /ear.round close season for English
the department that by introducing Picture spoke volumes for France s ,heaeants In Niagara district. They a scheme of pay deduction ln one effort». Our women are Ju*t as pa- ia<| nearly all been destroyed Dr. month the employes pledged them- trtotlc and will fill the gaps on th# leaeop also favored a license fee for
land If only they are shown the p,** in order to curb foreigners and
way "	. oung boys.
“By the ounce7“
“I Imagine by the scruple."— Kansas Zlty Journal
<¦

Hull.
102 We ilinoton St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
Pretty Familiar.
Professor Fudge— What do you
GEORGE HYNES I
f JimB IBM I ¦
fa<olllar with the great composers.”
PiHiple who grumble In cloudy weath-Sir Arthur is ! ir usually wear veils when the e* e
for
BRYSON COCHRANE.
To Kill More Wolvee.
Teachers Wanted.
Well, you told me to get
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.

UNDERTAKING
W. J. HAYES
SI AIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.
the war loan.
WM C. STENDER,
Hec.-Trees., Ladysmith, Que.
By order,
R. C. DUBOCHERS,
Secretary.
For Service
Department of Public Works,
Ottawa, June 9, 1917.
New*pa;*er* will not be paid for this] fee, $1.60. Apply lO advertisement it they insert it without	"
authority from the Department.
ROMPTLY SE
A registered Durham Bull Servie#
In nil countries Ask for our INVENTOR a ADVISER,which will be
MARION & MARION.
3#4 University SL. Montréal.
W H. DO DR, Maryland, Bristol»
t free.
gatins $11,000.


###PAGE###6###

THE CEMETERY ON VIMY RIDGE.
THE FATHERS OF THE NEW RUSSIA
ARMORED ANIMAIS
ARE COMMON
EIGHTH ANNUAL
TORONTO
Canadians Buried In Centre of the
l*osit ion They Won.
m STOCK SHOW
“In the middle of the waste on the summit of Vimy Ridge there is a little
group of white-painted wooden NOTES ON THE LEADERS OF crosses marking the graves of the Sea forth Highlanders of Canada, who
tw c.„ sâf,	s» Kir - ”"u'1 w,,h	zzszs iiss. ss
It is difficult sometimes to deter *r®*= ' ag0 an(1 oil greatly reduce Canadian Senforths were mostly Brit- Sterling Qualities of the Men Who Are
mine just when a tube is unfit for fur-. ^	of the rubber, while the ish Columbians. A long long way	Leading Their Country On-
ther use. I orosity in a tube usual-1	* timea CRUse the tubes to they came to die, these long-limbed	....
ly indicates that it has attained Its	*h;|fcd and wdrn and unfit for son* of Victoria, Vancouver. New	ward to the Light
PSiü
between casing and tube prevents the ch*in>.	tires to the light or German trenches, the thin covering of j "nr'1	bag and drew forth a bottle, the ‘he Amazon \ alley use >t aa a trump
generation of heat which vulcanizes «Dont . xpose t	a„ win. soi, h,lng H„ .hurned up with the,	A lan,ou" «usaian.	slightly gray color of which indicated tor signalling in war.
the tube to the fabric of the easing. e *	white chalf below until all is grayish Prof. Paul Milukoff, the new Minis-, thnt it had formerly contained milk.	-	» Coat of Mail.
ISB
_jamanw
e*T>t	>> ,st wav to get on amicable	ther the growth of various crops can-	ethnology and history of the Balkan	Two minutes later the	only unusual	m	1
, rhe	2?; v nU is to build and put	not be accelerated by means of elec-	Peninsula in the world. He Is also	noise in the car was a	gurgle; the	Alligators and	crocodiles, of course,
sSmmZïmSmAtz	- .==anna f=“*vf? F FFf/FLF ?:
agricultural products of the United lowmg	, , „	.	,	iected to H series of miM „Mlv.nic »>* has been active in liberalizing the cents to the infant • mother, but, feathers for purposes of flight they
States, all due to the ravages of in-1	A Successful Experiment.	shocks they «how in some instances '"stitutions of the country, and the i for some strange psychological reason, might have been expected to discard
sects, writes C. C. Clute, in “Our I know one farmer in particular who ^ increased yield of 60 ner cent I Pe8santa look uPon him aa » particular he kept the elderly man's quarter. unnecessary encumbrances.
Dumb Animals.”	lost, during one summer, three rows R her |ant8	e<1 £ith elec-1 friend of their order H* has B,,°	In antediluvian days there were
This fact was cited recently by a of corn forty rods long The corn trjfl£d w/terK have afg0 thejr ieW been president of the Duma.	-«- many species of armored fishes, some
leading Chicago	paper, and	it	was	grew next to a fence row heavily	terjaU increased; while some ex-	Kerenski, the Minister of Justice, il	THE FOE FIRED THE GRASS. of	whlch «re represented	to-day >y
further cited	that	the	loss might	be	sodded	with blue grass which pro-	lment'„ have att’ained even more	“ lawyer by profession a determined	.	_ survivors, in this	respect	degenerate.
H "EHE-EE EH viES; "E «HSSSr riF
papers of the land advocates that I'"* "P twenty-one bird houses, placed ^ thereby stimulating the growth ""d * republican, and his influence In the more open country grows the	Armored Insect»,
every available plot of ground be 'wo rods apart on the fence along the ^	ja ^	,ame way "T"* the Rusaian people grows giant grass, waving over a man’s	th, inBect kingdom, however.
turned into a garden spot and culti- ,f°rt.yk r'daj t,Th?	j as continuous bright sunshine does. d“{i ?' ...	, ,	.	.	. head* de"8e Bnd resistant as sugar- there ,re to-day not merely a few, but
vated, and when in the same issue that that he and the boys had made during	__‘_ The lenders of the revolution are all cane, and once a source of deadly hundreds of thousands of armored spe-
eame paper urges that birds be pro- *he "inter	^rom dry-goods	•	men of substance and education; their peril, writes a aoldler’s wife in de- rje|. These are the beetles, which are
boxes obtained in town. Thirteen of	11 ¦ »nKlK rKDITS.	interest In politics is patriotic, and not scribing the event. The regiment clad in complete suits of mail. Their
the twenty-one houses were inhabited	-- at all clans-conscious. There is, In- had dug itself in some 800 yards from _rmnr in fMrt mil<u nf u material
during the following summer, six by	1 K»ound we tread	deed, little division among the classes the enemy trenches, when the wind, fur ’ Indestructible than steel —,
wrens, four by bluebirds, and three	Sustains the living,	in Russia, and not very much social- blowing in their faces, brought to the	. "rhitlne ” Chitine cannot be
by colonies of purple martins.	Shields the dead-	ism. There is no great industrial men a smell of burning, and with a %%y'ed e% by cerUin mineral
The grasshoppers that summer	population, and there is land enough	sudden roar a sea of flame* came	:j
made a rich living for the birds, and	And as we till the wondrous soil	for each peasant farmer to have his	sweeping down upon them—the enemy	TL,„r_ ,pvpral eiwua n# hâB*ua
when the fall came, that farmer had % üh care and skill and daily toil, own piece of earth. There is, there- had set fire to the tall grass. •	whn«* “«hinintr «rmn'r" i* renuted to
the satisfaction of gathering twenty-, ^ the right to live on earth, fore, little jealousy of mere wealth, There was not a second to spare.	-_iH .... _iivpr „nH owinir to
Government statistics and personal	^	™	^ ^dt'd	“ ‘Vi	- °f V"	and*	SÏwfi people often gather Lm
rows that grew next to the fence,	... land; and the peasant, knowing him- hausted as they were, forced their _nlf	MMf rpma,vflun
5HHBSES iSHS ~	ÊSHSSgigsls
m .alone, and with the same insurance 1 hat idle land and idle men.	well-disposed and loyal to Mother Rua men, with their Uttered garments J*	, •	,	h i
for the following year with no outlay	,;sia. It is that combination of high that would have flared up so easily,	... th_	ftf mi|Pln •
A Good Form of Insurance.	.|at an. Does it pay? Boys, get busy. Are burdens hard that we must bear, character in the leadership and of put half a life into those few seconds. ' th th **	* f ” U 1 ,ht
Just how	is	this	protection	to	be	Get your fathers to figure with you	That cost us much in toil and care?	trustful confidence on the part of the	The heat of the fire was on their
given?	Happily the time is passed,	or	how much corn growing next to a	But when these two together toil,	mass of the population that makes th*	faces, blinding their eyes; the flames
nearly so, when the farmers think fence row is destroyed by insects, and The idle men and the idle soil.	future of the new government hope- reached out tongues towards their
that the birds must be destroyed be- then see if your fathers will let you	ful.	store of ammunition. Under cover of
cause of the fruit they eat. In com-	put up bird houses and pay you the	They are the Magi, great and good,	the fire and smoke the
parison with the amount of good they	difference the first year.	To bring to men their daily food.	-- out and attacked heavily
do, the amount of fruit eaten by birds	*	—	And as we use what God has given,	“ BETTER THAN USUAL " leaped hack, turned the full strength
during the summer is an infinitesimal j	A Nerve Teat.	We make of earth/ Brighter heaven. ^ fhe #lngan of lhe Toronto Fat Stock | °.f \^ir fire on the enemy through
matter,- a mighty good form of in- A very practical system has been	Thrift	Show, who announce their Eighth An- blinding smoke, and suddenly, mir
suranre for the farmer.	adopted to test the nervous system of,	nual Exhibition In this Issue, to be held aculously—the wind changed!	.	...	- .
But there is another way in which air pilots. The would-be pilot has to “My boy, you want to practise at the Union Stock Yards, on Decern It is gratifying to know that in a Ci00° opportunity oirereu young the birds require protection, and that hold the handles of a special register- thrift.”	| ber 7th and 8th next Our readers will few moments the enemy survivors women de,,rlng Permanent work in
is protection during their nesting ing machine, which is so finely adjust-' “I know, dad; but I haven’t the	I *#r* hurried back to their trendhe* ! Toronto to learn wartime* work In the
¦¦piNot only should prowling ed that it will show the slighter re tools.”	Qrand champion being bought by the I hef<>re lhp flames, to fi l l their grass
cats be restrained and egg collectors	mor. Whilst he is so occupied a pis-	“What do you mean by that?"	t	Eaton Company	at	50c	per	lb. live	"belters on fire, and under a withering	da	Good	wages	paid,	best working
either made to see the folly of their	tol is fired suddenly, and if the ma-	“W you let me have the five pounds	weight.	Premium	lists	will	be out in	"torm from every rifle, maxim,	and	conditions	and fair treatment.	Write,
heartless whims or else be summoned chine records more than a very slight 1	*ee how long I can make a few days and will contain all the Sfun a grim silence fell upon their telephone or call.
before the law, but provision should tuemor the candidate is disqualified. I it last.”	I old and several new classes.	| trenches.	j Yon go St., Toronto

NATURE HAS MADE PROVISION
FOR DEFENCE.
Union Stock Yards
TORONTO
THE REVOLUTION*
DEC. 7th & 8th, 1917
Many Examples of Insects, Fishes, and Animals, But No Armored Birds.



PROTECT BIRDS AND SAVE CROPS
FARM ASSET.
Statistics Show That the Birds
*
Are Farmers' Best Friends.

teeted that they might destroy insects, it is surely time for every one to consider what part he is to do in the work, and, insofar as possible lend a hand in doing his mite. One insect destroyed in the spring means the destruction of hundreds, and in some cases thousands, ere the summer is over
%

observations show over and
over
may brinnr'forth more enemies of sects.
and touch, and with a lustre as of gold itself.
When a man becomes thoroughly contented he has outlived his useful-
enemy came
Our men ness
Young Women Wanted

largest established restaurant In Chna
season
Childs Co. 158
-u
O
SSrSEiSST
ÜAD PBTTBR 6IVC THO. r UBR	OMR j LATB3T
iVt Nor crazN !!
- not me -
00
Poor uuvia I a id AN AWFUL Fl< —
MA'* Be 1 CAN HE IP
; Her. ovr
HELEN, CONie
HERB A flBLOND
00
ASIE. WtiEfrE
c
I WEAR. MN
lé
m
GARTERS
_ ha-ha-


/
F*
:
/

z
iV
/
/
<1
1
/
»
/
/
X
r
Z
ZO
Z
%)
\
w

ô
*

###PAGE###7###
%

The Bloom of Berries
in your cheeks—you can get I Raindrop* Would Kill Ua But For
it by Cutting out the heavy,	Atmoaphere.	sickly bo bleu—those who are mws
expensive foods of Winter The fiercest bombardment concelv-	8t°?ach ind
iesib !mm mm m
ssss m&m	ê r	.
:===
or Other fruits.	_ rose only to a few feet above their b1oy' , 7,16 Tablet, are sold by medf-
heads, and that storm clouds could ^ dealer, or by mall at 26 cent, a
form In the region outside such a *>* fT°m J,h® I)r- William»' Medicine
Co., Brockvtlle, Ont.
CROSS. SICKLY BABIES I
THE PROTECTING AIR.
CLOTHES NOT NEEDED.
î;
The Boni of a Piano la the Action. Insist on the
•v
97i
the
Native» of Tropical Brazil Are Finely Dreamed Upon Occasion.
The aboriginal native* of the Ama-
DIAMn Àf>TirMU I zon Valley, In the wild and densely rlMIW Ml/ I iun J forested interior of Brazil, wear no
clothing except for ornament. Why should they ? The climate does not demand it.
Nevertheless, some of them are the most beautifully dressed persons in the world—at all events, on festive occasions. when, as we should say, they “doll up.”
They wear cloaks, tunics and hats made wholly of the feathers of trogong and other gorgeous birds; and these
garments are supplemented by neck- , _	mi- x’
laces, bracelets and anklets of polish- I CONTAI NS IjfiSS ed teeth and brilliant beetles’wings. I kiz\
——?----------- ! I nu ,
Thi, 1* the time to nwat the early ALUM
A
II
OTTO HIQEL!’

I
BOOK Oil
f
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
j-aâ
Hjjgiewcwujeyjg I(JnEïcri Q**J\




* M
Z

PAIN ? NOT A BIT I
LIFT YOU R CORNS
OR CALLUSES OFF
Y,
low-grade atmosphere, then every raindrop would prove as fatal to earthly creatures as if it were a steel
bullet fired from a dynamite gun. As Not she with traitorous kiss her it Is, however, the resistance of our
atmosphere so materially reduces the Not she denied him with unholy ton-
rate at which tl e raindrops fall that	gue;	This new drug It an efhor compound
they are harmless; though were it She, while apostles shrank could dan- discovered by a Cincinnati chemist	*
not for the hindrance they encounter	germ brave,	j# called freezone ¦
from the air each drop would fall Last at the cross and earliest at the	and can now be ob
_ with a velocity great enough to pene- '
= j trate the full length of a grown man’s body.
.*
W1
?

Woman.

No humbug ! Apply few drops then Just lift them away with fingers.
•vr
m,:
fly
Saviour stung,
MISCBLLAJTEOUa
NEW 00 up
JSpinsrh For Paper.
-o—o—o-
o—o—o—o—-o—-o-
|>ICYCLE9.
I> Hand. $11
5êNnd toï'ïïcïZ ' A French hortyjlturist, Mum. R. 4ve VTorontoCyCl# Works* 4U Noyer, has discovered that spinach
stems contain 4ti ter cent, of cellulose and make a paperVqual to the Japanese product. %
Made in Canada.
» BOILER
.	co/npouNp
Tor All Boiler Feed Waters
Cyclone Shaking end Dumping Orate. ___
b ru for all requirement a I Canadian Steam Boiler Equipment I |
__________ . _	‘ o , Unit Jd I towns
Tel. Oeirard 3660	I of ell buelneese*
application to Wilson Publishing Com-panv 71 Adelaide Ht.. Toronto
Clean All
ii
grave.
talnod In tiny bottine am here shown at very little cost from any drug mtore. Jumt ask for freozone. Apply a drop or two directly upon a tender corn or cal-lum and Instantly the soreness Shortly you will flud the corn or callus mo loose that you can lift it off, root and all, with the fingers.
Eaton Stannard Barrett.
*6.
• éY,
•
Keep Ml sard's Liniment in the house.
f
ROFIT-MAKING NEWS AND JfTu Offices for sale In good Ontario The most useful and Interesting
Pull Information on
A Practical Design
AFTER DOCTORS FAILED
Not Fair.
A leading milk distributor was talking to a reporter about milk prices.
“But our adversaries’ questions are not fair,” he said. “Our adversaries are like the cross-examining lawyer, it	awyer
I One of the best known men In the witness, ‘that you were the only sober town of Port Hawkesbury, N.S., is Mr. man at the banquet?’
William Duff. He has been a member “ ‘No, of course not,’ the witness an-of the municipal council for 16 years, swered indignantly, chairman of the school board, and held " ‘Who was, then?’ said the lawyer.” other responsible positions. Mr. Duff’s words, therefore, can be taken as coming from a man who has the esteem and respect of his fellow townsmen.
He makes no secret of the fact that he believes Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved
his life, and that they restored him to good health, after several medical men had failed to cure him. Mr. Duff tells of his Illness and cure as follows:
“About four years ago I was attacked with la grippe, which left me In a condition difficult to describe. J was at-
80 Modes St.
Toronto
A Well Known Resident of Port Hawkesbury Is Restored to Health and Strength.
WOMAN COULD HARDLY STAND
shape. Price 11.100.__
1 Hudson. 1616 model, e cylin-
Restored to Health by Lydia	ri, l	"Ï	7h ! ?
CD» I I *	. .	overhauled In our shop and newly paint-
E* 1 IXlKiiam • Veve tabla	e<1 Seat cover* on all seats and doors.
_	*	, Overall** tires Price $1.200.
Compound,
automobile» tor bale
disappears
KM A CADILLAC IN GOOD RVN-J •/ I I™ ning condition. Has spare tire Price $250.

44 4
I 1




I
Not a twinge of pain, soreness or Irritation; not even the slightest smarting, either when applying freeaone or afterwards.
This drug doesn’t eat up the corn or callus, ¦¦¦¦but shrivels them so they loosen and come right out It Is no humbug!
For a few cents you can get rid of every hard corn, soft corn or .	. tweem ttie toee, as well as painful cal-
A spade, garden fork, hoe and rake luses on bottom of your feet It never
pasiïsï j sHSS “”d
became so weak that I could not walk jng are de8irable. wheel hoes and a hundred yards without sitting down Beed drilla are vaiuabie for large gr.r-to rest The food I ate continually dens. soured on my stomach. My nerves were all gone, and palpitation of the heart and a fluttering sensation all through my chest, especially at night, was almost unbearable. I was finally compelled to go to bed, and called in a doctor, who said my heart was affect-

#
Granulated Eyelids,
Eyes inflamed by exposure to Sun, Duel and Wind uickly relieved by Murine ye Remedy. No Smarting, just Eye Comfort, a At Your Druggist*! 50c per Bottle. Murine Lye Salve inTubcs2Sc. For Book ollhcEyefrceask Druggists or Murine Eye Remedy Ce.. Chicago
Sore Eyes

I

H
L’DHON. MODEL 37 6 PASSENGER,
Electrlo good running order Looks like a new
!

I cylinder Touring Par lights and starter. In and newly painted car. Price 1650.
ST
!
3 Bffl :e
When SO many have dome light. Nearly all the windows
rPtokhîm'svÏÏi8 •°^m*hdrn
table Compound 1 I will make them 1 1 well ? For over a w _.
year I suffered go IIrr>*So*N’ model 54/ a HIGH from female week- j ET£* iZ\23fâiïüAl SS’JSS '
ItoBS I could hardly looks like new Price $760.
e)°"À anc* w?9 «tudhbâckbr; SEVEN P ASHEN-
afraid to go on tho i k? g«* r. 4 cylinder Touring Car. In good
street alone. Doc- running order. Tires In good shape.
tors said medicine Thl* WM painted this year and looks wrs otuu moaicuies j «ery nlce prjce |<6v
I
£
1

It works like a charm
V
I
m l>e-

Garden Tools.
fw"
PI ON MODEL 33 g«r. 4 cylinder Touring Car. In good running order, at a special price. $350.
;
6 PAHS EN-

never burns, bites or If your druggist hasn’t any freezone yet, tell him to get a little bottle for you from his wholesale house	•

r
K
i
C Alec ALL

MONEY ORDERS.
BUY your out of town supplies with Dominion Express Money Orders. Five dollars costs three cents.
were useless and only an operation
would help me, but Lydia E. Pinkbam’s I'VKKoN. 6 passenger. 4 CYRIX-
2KSÏ ftrt,feJSyil “fiiir'-"-
sarAK'SJ.Wi- *8$
R.FeDs No. 5, Fulton, N. Y#	suitable for a doctor
We wish every woman who suffer» XVe „„ly u.ed car. after the pur-from female troubles, nervousness, < has*-r hae had a demonstration and backache or the blues could see the lc£ *atl*fl«d himself of the running quail-
KSteaa StcsSbSS-SSS
If you have bad symptoms and do not our used cars and give you a demonetra-nnderstand the cause, write to the t,on _.
Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, ™ dominion automobile go..
“•tor he,pful edvice K*ven fro*	146-150 Bay rntrwt. Toronto.
à

Everybody who has available land is cultivating it this summer, and women ed- an<i ,rea,e(l me for *bat trouble, need practical clothes for this purpose. After three months attendance, and A plain waist of strong material with fooling no better, I called In another a snort khaki skirt with bloomers and doctor, detachable leggings is a very practical help costume, as the illustration shows.
The skirt is cut in four gores, and the
short fength is 32 inches. McCall ,	.	,	.
Pattern No. 7073, Ladies' Waist; in 7,due to my stomach. After treating me
sizes; 34 to 46 bust; and No. 7011, for a dme he advised that I go to the Ladies' Sports Skirt, with or without hospital at Halifax. On a previous oc bloomers; in 7 sizes; 22 to 34 waist, casion when I had an attack of rheu-Price, 16 cents each.
These pattenrs may from your local McCall McCall Co.,
Dept. W.
Docking Lambs.
When Mr. R. C. Harvey of Lethbridge is docking his Iambi, he keeps one blade of a pair of home-made shears heated red hot by a gasoline blow torch. this hot blade sears the wound, and there is no loss ci blood.
Purely Herbal—No poisonous coloring Antiseptic—Slops blood-poison Soothing Ends pain nnd smarting, eta Pure—Seal for baby’s rashes.
Heals ail seres.
50c. box. All Druggists and Stores
Price $1.000
Him treatment also failed to me, and I tried a third doctor. This one said there was nothing wrong with my heart, that the trouble was
As the lamb is docked
Mlnard's Liniment used by Physicians.
Dr. Beck, The Well Known Eye Specialist and Doctor Judkins, The Medical Author, Publish Astonishing Report on Wonderful Remedy To Strengthen Eyesight
Danger to Public Health.
The fact that human beings contract tuberculosis by the use of milk and dairy products from tubercular cows is now almost undisputed by .	.	,	,	,	scientists and physicians who have in-
In a few weeks could feel my vestigated this question. The danger ,	strength returning, my stomach was	j8	especially	acute	in	young	children,
Roberts mothers admonishing to	giving me less trouble, the palpitation	who	drink	a	larger	proportion	of	¦
her small son generally ended with of the heart disappeared, and after a 1 mm than adults the words: "I'd be ashamed of you	further use of the pills I felt as well as
if you did so and go," and the word	ever I did In my life. I can truly say
ashamed, therefore, was constantly	that I feel more thankful than words
in his ears.	can express for what Dr. Williams*
One day, after he had eaten up his link Pills have done for me." little sister's candy, his mother said
to him.	j dealer
“Robert, did you eat Dorothy’*	a box,
candy when I told you not to?"
"Yes, ma'am," said Robert in a tone of triumph, "and I'm jest as ashamed of myself as I can be, so you needn't be ashamed of me at all!”
mat Ism I had been cured by Dr. Wil-
be obtained Hams' Pink Pills, and I decided that dealer or from
70 Bond St., Toronto,
rather than go to a hospital I would again try this medicine. I got a supply of the pills and began taking them.
The
?
His Own Shame.
raw
Say it Strengthens Eyesight 50% in One Week’s Time in Many Instances
the eyrelght more than 10 per cent In one week’s time. I have also used It with surprising effect In eases of work strained eye*, pink ere, lnflammvd lids, catarrhal juuctlrltes, smarting, painful, aching. Itching eyes, eyes weakened from colds, smoke, sun, dust and wind, watery efes, blurred vision, and In fact many other conditions too numerous to describe In this report. A new and startling case has Just come under my observation, which yielded to Bon Onto,
Is that of a young girl, 1» years old. T prominent eye specialists, after a thorough examination of the young girl, decided In
tbe sight of her right eye, the ^^	. 1 ft eye must be removed. Before permit
1*\	Vyjfx" 1 £ her to be operated on. tbe young girl's
Operations had to be temporarily	,	........... I	JÊÈjj. '	| than6three days ^muTkell^mproniment waa
suspended owing to . mirage,” says Because quail, prairie chickens,	\	1	m.uZb.d'.lm,».0 dfSp'plS. ‘.“uV"*»1?.
Diala front, describing a minor strate- feed on bugs and insects of many	IbisVttatfr* "MXj
gic movement there. It is a reminder kinds have been swept away by thou-	1	,ad7 ninety three years old. Htie enme to
that, despite modern war invention., sands. the cotton-growers of the south
there is at least one front where lose $100,000,000 a year by the depre-1	most raw After two weeks’ us# of Bon
world-old conditions still play a dom- dations of the boil weevil.	i*D#
Inating part. Thirtf, heat and mirage	------ DB. BECK	S/taH? *	“ brl,bt “ """" 1 elrl of	llR JVLlK,X3
sæiïfSS "="Z5ZZZ. •	-tem ss—sesss
centuries and more aim	fire prevention.	New York —Dr. Berk, a New York StateM-ar Infirmary of Portland. Maine, and cloF.e work aod wltiloUt them I could not
Although the why and wherefore of The J0"*"1 8tretch °v«r which com- '	Sîr/ïSSSV "AV.
z	Sway::	t^-
Z.ZzzrzZ ~ t p r	EE.mb	-nS- E, SSFSI “ '-
™:ihar:c,er' pnr,venting-,re,ieb,e ____________-	Msîss, ibza z	Ihsd
reconnaissances. .On a similar occa-	opportunity to test It. I began to us# It In &• per cent In one week’s time in many In
tL'Zh.iLT.u	i~ ¦ I
effect of the appearance of big Turk-	are such that I hesitate to tell of my ex- his report	BH 8B8
ish reinforcements which necessitated ^^B 1111111 S^BUX perieuce for fe#r it will sound laeredlbla. states list only li.sie out of ifju excaution until th.ir phantom char.c j	Z
ter had been established.	14M ' JH si	but also other physician* with whom 1 h
Mirages seriously interfered with,	âl I U I? I M MA	""""
Napoleon's Kryptian campaign, av>d ft K^^BHBBHHBb was due to the investigations of a French scientist who accompanied that expedition that they were first traced to tricks of atmospheric refraction.
n get these pills from any medicine, or by mail at 60
You
%
At the Yarmouth Y. M. C. A Boys' ' Camp, held at Tusket Falls in August, or six boxes for $2.60, j found MINARD'S LINIMENT moet from The Dr. Williams Medicine Co., beneficial for sun burn, an immediate Brockvllle, Ont.	relief for colic and toothache.
ALFRED STOKES, J General Sec'y.
rou



MIRAGES BOTHER TROOPS.
wo

I
order to save
Mystery of the Desert Interferes With
Army Movements.
n


Q
t


w/llf
O-
* s
•• .
A
as to be spar I
my descriptions may be wood rfully benefited by the u*e of thle prescription at home. Here I* the prescription : Go to any active drug store and • bottle of Bon Opto tablets Drop Opto tablet in a fourth of a g laws ter and let It dlweolve. With this 11 bathe the eye# two to four times duilv f-îiould su»

iw of ever
A Wise
glasses. Eye troubles of n
^ v v \ \ V
Dr. W. H. Devine, director of a In the Bouton Mb Wished February te,
Move
c
Tut
rri "
OHS
r
F> DODD'S
IKIDNEY^
&p,us
lilt,

iuld
nui
e your eyes clear up per» cptlhl right from the start and lntlsinmetl«»u an
redness will quickly disappear.__ If you
eyes bother you even • little. It Is your duty to take siens to save them n«*w before It Is too late. Many hopt ¦seed their *i*ht If eyes In time MOTK-Aw.iher
ked
is to change from tea and coffee to
decrees# over the pm:.-us report. f»pto Is bewtcDtnr the eyeglass less bespectacled Boston."
Vl<
self a vs
Bos
Î
r
for years for sighted neon, astlgms Haro and other eye weak neosea, tell mo they have dlop*<iS'd with them through the sdop tlon of the Bos Opto principal, troubles ran be traced directly to mmacular Direction and relaxation and since Bon Opto method tells how to exercise and de relay the eye muscles, It reaches cendltl ot possible through ether means. T advise every thoughtful physician to stwdy Bon Opto principal, give It the seme careful trial I have and there Is no doubt In my Mind they will cons# te the ceeHastan I
, that the Bon Onto method
ifcaS

nesses and those who wear glasses will he glad to know that according to Dr. Beck add Or. Jsdklhe. there I# reel hope and Mp foi "	^	m
v Mind might have they had eared for their


POSTUM
Many eye
u. J85 wsEStJKt?
«« -r. „.«« 5 u„ k.n pdp’.raifcï v^.r.rr^1 am
thrown them away?* One man says after knew a to earnest »** epwim wts sad widely pre.
-Hi IMa ' -
At night they would	feel dk>n'd he kept os Lewi r.# regular	use	la
ly. Now t bey feel flaw nil the	•1™°“* every fsssily." Boo opt*	referred	to
« J&VKjMK iTJi	-------
wilMIt fliitft but ifllf Qtlfig	f • üitrk fbft ft It %# kiftB
rf^tioi for II dip f?ery U«l' c	& Prr rmi	tr^t i NjS
1 can r*ad even in» print	distu er tef«wd the moœv
r *	<f i b\
they bare had their eye# restored
S®

\x
rksble prescription and



'll

r^r

I A
| y
d*

»
WU rNL i
—?
5 r4 cf.(
before the harm
t

thin
Recipe f
If you make a French flag, remember that the blue atrip, next to the | staff, la 80 per cent of the length of the flag, the white 88 and red 87.
French Flag

t

Dl5J:s
is done.
art say more

n dreadful.
Mme, It was

opens the dw>r far tbe cure
f la nwuy ft Is »1’eiw In t iding general
f •¥•
Is es ] this p
troubles which have heretofore
"There’s a Season"

wit hem giasnm
t home by soyons of average Intelligence.

I rr

A no
Hi* rrt b I *<• If >
& Co. Toronto.
ED. 7.
ISSUE 2h—*17. :
says; 1 wee bothered with eye strain
*

/
f
###PAGE###8###
~ Brides will like
Our Jewelery.
‘CBEAM ?
ê
/
The ShawYilie Boot and Shoe Store
y 5
H'and ra'isej/Qur cajvës > ‘upon the skim milk.
A^rÆ°a^ I Jewelery is the thing to give for a Wedding -^resen* because it expresses the sentiment of V!^Ottawav the giver.
inft

:a
4
t
kVI

Tennis Goods
The time has come to wear Canvas Goods. We have a large assortment at popular prices.
S.'
AN
Who does not treasure a liing, a Pm, a Brooch, a Necklace, a Watch or Silverware, which ceived as a gift at a certain time, especially if it he Wedding Time ?
Therefore the Jewelery you give the bride or to a friend should have the “ quality there." We sell Quality Jewelery, modern in style, reasonable in price.
A PIANO SNAP FOR SOMEONE.
THE MARKETS
was re-
SH AW Vil LE
1 second baud Dominion Piano in pci feet condition, for quick sale $130.00.
1 slightly u<od Morris Piano mahogany case cannot l>e told from new $185.00 cash
1 Mahogony Talkhur M u him* with M selections slightly used. Simp for $36.00.
All guaranteed.
Flour per barrel $11.00 Wheat, pci bushel, $2.00 to 2 35 Oats, per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 30j Potatoes per bag. 2.50.
Eggs per dozen 37c.
Wool, washed, 00c.; unwashed, 45c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 00c
Men s Work Boots
If you require any Work Boots, our advise is buy now, as prices are soaring at a very rapid pace. We have a very complete range.
New Pianos and Talking Machines at right prices. Phone, write or call.
HANS SHADEL
1
GEO. W. PINGLE,
Pontiac’s Only Jewelery Store.
Piano Tuner and Player Piano Expert,
45 Local a St
Ottawa, Ont
MARKET FOR
Box Social June 19.—The Huron-
don Howe makers Club, recently or- ing are : Stewart, of Hailey bury ; Mn. ganizvd, will hold a lawn box social at Wm Draper, Youngstown, Ohio ; Mrs. the home of Mr. Jos. Davis Hodgina on George McLean, Am prior ; W. 1)., of Tuesday evening, June 19th, in aid of Renfrew ; Mrs. D. Carmichael, Mrs. J. soldiers at the front. A good program H. Findlay, Henry and Annie of Brae-
Admission 25c.; side, all of whom were present at the ladies bringing boxes, free. Supper funeral, which took place to the Am -will be served to those who do not pur- prior cemetery on Friday at two o’chxk, chase boxes. The Club will appreciate the funeral >ervices being conducted by a good attendance, and do its utmost to the Hev. Mr. Cook, her pastor, assisted make everyone welcome.	I by Hev. Mr. Haskins, of Portage du
Fort, a cousin of the deceased.
Many beautiful Moral offerings testified to the 1 »ve and esteem in which the
Mr. F. Tippins, on behalf of the L. O. I	WA8 held by her family and
L. No. (>5 has handed $(>4.00 to |H* for- frlen,|H\ among them being a pillow
wanlvd to the Canadian Patriotic Fund. !,ro'n hv huil,1/’.ll.Wn;;ith8 J™" th«
Just about a year ago this Lodge con- ,	(,t Odlics Ln»s, L t <1, and
t ributed $52.75 for the same purpose. L	} *V™Ï* from Misses Sadie
Th. IJLS v. K„S&r ’ .....................	StS'SŒ!»;;" ,,	”
» i t ’i 1 at l anth>, Que., wa^ium- Dairy records help to selec t brave Canadian soldiers.	11 rt a,r< ^ran< children and U
!>y ligLninndn^lmlhunder	A Hom,,Ns '
8toi in un Thursday evening last. missioner, Ottawa, for free milk Yen. Arch. Naylor was accom- and feed record forms.	Letter from L.-Cpl Harold Arm-
panied by Mrs. Naylor on his visit >ir (iporffp Rnrn of the Honk of	s -	In mcnnriam of the late Mrs. Chris-
pa» p	BE
am11\	11 mo\ t d ti'im Sir George Burn was born at *rimr- from his son Harold, who was wounded , X\1 1, V - 11 ' ’ Q,u*-» "ho died May
ElfflaSHsE “	£r3£S K,r
SfsfE-	...w, EE-iBEE*
1* *8111 ill!™ -
to it.	----«•>-—	me to a Canadian hospital ; hut you
around for some days past. Mr !n« secretary <>f “Canada’s To-pj»* through it for draining it, which Archie McLean, of Hardly, is one ! ba(*co *,l,ub” on Thursday last. they take out once a day and clean. It
l>e hauled northward from here for imic nf ti.p i)()V8 fi. Lx.,)nt	bright and calm. 1 he white cliffs of 2 sets Springs for milk waggon, fi.tO
that pnnxHe. This deposit is 8aid	‘	Dover were the prettiest aight I ever each,
to have l>eeif discovered by W. N.	------ saw. Then, of course, we weren’t feel-
Dan ley, fonuerly of this town. I	Red Cross Work.	ing any too safe, as if the Germans had
A large number of Canadian The following i* a list of Red	th‘y m'gbt haVe wut,,*t0
soldiers lmve recently been award- Cross supplies purchased and made	.v,,,	..	. ,
ed the Military Cross—a decora- by the Austin Homemakers' Club ( • , „ 1 !‘s	1 < a,r^,	l#‘ funded
tion which officers alone are en- with money collected :—	I fairly fly : they must make, nearly sixty I
titled to wear, and it comes as the	42 pairs sock», 10 pair pillow-	nu,t‘* l*‘r ,K»ur on this side. We only	Inherent Dread of Cite For Doge,
reward of distinguished conduct	cases. 2 do*, nr. towels, 14 sling»	«topped once from Dover here (London	The Instinctive fear which cats have
in the field. Among the number 5 suits pyjamas, 2 doz. wa-li cit;v>-	' >f	Illustrated very amusingly Continue LO put Up Bargains Only 0V0ry Saturday
of officer» given in last Tuesday's cloths, P'»7 handkerchiefs, 3 doz. The 1 >ucbeaeof Portland was in today *7 stroking a dog and then caressing a , _	.
list who have been so honored, we cakes soap.	I to soe me. She asked me where I wax Mind and newborn kitten with the I from ttOW Ott Until further notice;
notice the name of Lieut. Athol	_	^	_ from and I said a small town about 50 Mlme band that has touched the dog.
Herriclge Macfarlane, to whom	^	miles north of Ottawa She *j*»ke of	^ once the kitten will aplt and fluff
this special reference is made be*	A very bad mine	disaster is re-	Ottawa then. She didn’t ask me home	| tself up In the moat absurd way, die-
cause he is a sou of an old friend ported to have occurred at the with hcr	I ingulshlng the smell of the beast
of the editor-David H. Macfy- Spectacular mine near Hutte, 1m waiting to get some word of you *hlch experience for thousands of gen-ane, an old Bryson boy, but who Montana on Saturday. More than all at home. You see it i* over three nations has taught it moat to dread.-
îSïïïîîsïS! œ - """   -°' —•	T...,
strips on the battlefield. He has The city of San Salvador, and and keep the blacks in good «hane; we ll | “Thœe two girls evidently had a lit-been thrice wounded.	surrounding towns were destroyed ''kely need them Wore fall. Don’t do |Je to° nweh Ice cream soda y eater-
I by earthntiakes last Friday. The *ny hard work, earthquakes were followed by a |	Love to all,
deluge of lava and boiling water from the adjacent volcanoes.
We are still agents for the
PULPWOOD
INVICTUS


The “ Best Good Shoe."
For Men and Women.
being prepared
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
Where Quality counts we win.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
Acknowledgment
P. E. SMILEY.
To be delivered at sidings along the O. P. R. and 0. N. R Railways.
Local and District.
LAWN BEOS., Campbells Bay.
Cum
In Memorinm
TAILORING
t-inee the
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
GRAY, BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
Rain Coats»
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
She ha* gone, our mother dear, Much we mi»4 lier love and cheer ;
Clone from us to those above Who surround the Throne of Lové.
No more suffering, no more pain, Partings ne'er shall come again ; e Soon shall we l*e gathered home, Then for us, our Father * Home.
Our loss -her gain.
H. C. R
SPECIALS
FOR
FOR SALE
Saturday, June 16th
1 Wire Stretcher (Page) $3.00,
.30 acres of Hay, mostly clover.
R. W. HODOIN8,
Shawvilli
that will make you take notice
Our Saturday Specials are taking fine so we will
For June 16th, we offer :
Any Men’s Felt Hat in thê store (new styles) from $2.00 to 3.00 for 1.98 each.
30 Men’s Sailor Straw Hats, new, for $1.00 each.
Men’s Balbriggan Underwear, reg. $1.00 for 79c.
Men’s Raincoats, tweed top, guaranteed waterproof (15 only) reg. $12 for 9.25.
Men’s Raincoats, reg. $6.00 for 3.98.
Men’s Blue Serge Suits, reg. $18.50 for 16.25.
reg. $22.50 for 18.25.
reg. $20.00 for 15.75.
Boys’ Suits less 20 p. c. off marked prices, and many other bargains as good as above.
Be Sure to Come.
Girlish Dissipation
toy."
"Why that Inference7*
1 heard one telling the other that «he had a cerise taate In her mouth hla morning when she awoke.”
Extra Profit from Selected
Cow#
One remarkably satisfactory remilt ot keeping simple dairy re-,---________________________________
cords, yield» of milk and cost of	tite©r Astray	I There passed
IVed, is the knowledge gained that	.,	. _ _	, A . J Rmeeide on W
EHSisHs dSsESSts B-KsSSS
feeding contributed largely to the,nigh , '/Ti h >r f1n4"m8 l*’H the Gatineau. Deceased was twice.-
above noted big increase In milk ,	of Vheese to station. H married : in 1861, to Stewart Leitch, of ressore."
yield; more com was fed, more VIT -8 from Mat,on’ fr* the 1 Clarendon (who died over forty years "Ob, well. Captain Kidd Isn’t the clover and a little higher meal 8on ol 19L ;rDtl U(inr.I%r[) 0	Mo) and afterwards to William Steele «to
ration.	RALPH HO DC DIR 8*,	of Hrae^dc. who survives. Of a family *#1
Secretary,	i of twelve children, four are dead—John, j R. Louis Post-Dispatch.
b"i M Shaw ville j Thomas, Elbe and William. Those liv
Harold
OBITUARY
peacefully to rest at ednesday, May 3<)th, at
Giving Du# Credit.
T presume lie. Grabcoln, the emt-
“ Gray “ Tweed Suits
If
-It la very strange that no one has able to find Captain Kidd's



ARCHIE DOVER
Into
te and couldn’t t h out”
The value of the extra feed was f ‘ >.00, this produced more milk to
»
