###PAGE###1###
O
$1.00 A YEA B IK ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JAN. 11, 1017.
No. 29, 34th Year,
K
The Bank of Ottawa
Tl|c Merchants Banl^ of Caqada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1814.
Head Office: Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000
4,888,170 55,000,000
EetsblUhed 1864
OFFICERS S
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan. VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR	E. F. Hkbden.
G EN. MANAGER	D. C. Mac a row.
Capital Pa ill Up •
Reat and Undivided Profits Total Assets over...........

Fresh Eggs
Board of Directors «
Paid up Capital.................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,.......
217 Branches and Agencies In Canada* NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS.
How are YOU starting off the New Year ? By saving a little monthly from your income ? If not, why not ? Let 1U18 find you with a bank balance, no matter how small. $1.00 starts it, then BUILD.
$7,000,000 7,250,084 108,956,096
JOHN B. FRASER,
Vice-President
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE. RUSSELL BLACKBURN, GEORGE BURN.
SIR HENRY K. EGAN.
D. M. FINNIK.
General Manager.
• e
ALEXANDER McLARBN. DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR (wKOHGE U. PKHLEY E. O. WHITNEY.
Considering the unusually high price of Eggs we cannot do better this week than to urge the proper care and feeding of Poultry.
W. DVTHIE.
Chief Inspectoi
.i. A. McLatchik, Manager.
R. Lkukk. Manager.
O. M. Colquhoün, Acting M*ar.
Fort Coulonoe Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Portage dü Fort Branch,
We have the leading Poultry supplies, and a number of “ Pratts New Poultry Wrinkles.” a very useful book for the poultryman.
Branches at Shawvtlle and Quyon
w. F. DRUM
Nanager, Shawvllle
Your family have been pleading with you for years. Why not have that family group made to-day
H. Imiron, Photo Artist.
A big element of uncertainty is removed when you have a photograph made by H. ImsoN, Photo Artist.
Something that we will not be able to get rid of for a whole year —the numeral “7.”
Amateurs : Now is the time to bring in your choice negatives and have enlargements made from them.
H. Imihon, Photo Artist.
Manager, Quyon.
HENRY’S
Take a hint, it will pay both of us.
“Canada’s Best”
Personal
Mrs. Geo. Cardiff, of Pembroke,
R. G.
COWLING
is visiting her sister, Mrs. Little, in town.
Miss Pearl Hamilton, Qnyc spent the week-end a guest of M Gertrude McDowell. ffiH
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa. Ont.
< I I , lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Jiss I Our instruction being Individual you mav start at any time.
We are HEADQUARTERS
Misses Jennie and La urn Abbott hand. Typewriting. Penmanship came from Ottawa last Thursday In*. English, Correspondeme. P
attend the funeral of their	Paragraphing. Transcription, and
grandmother, Mrs. R. Langford. re or
OTTAWA,ONT
The Equity acknowledges the receipt of fifty cents from Mr.
Thus. S. Dean, Starks Corners, to applied to the Overseas Tobacco Fund.
The regular monthly meeting of theShawville H. M. Club will be held in the Academy on Saturday afternoon of this week at 8 o’clock.
Interesting program provided.
The regular week night meeting of the club will be held Thursday at the home of Mrs. T. A. Elliott.
Quyon.—Rev. Mr. and Mrs.
Na11gliton have left the old parsonage for the winter because they cannot live in it owing to intense cold through dilapidations. Rev.
Mr. Na ugh ton is now staying at the Post Office. —Com.
The members of the Murrell Homemakers’ Club will meet at the homo of Mrs. H. Stewart oil Jan. 17th at 7 o’clock, p. m. Pro-
I.VFP—C.IHRl.,
Mrs. John Smiley; Music—Miss	On Wednesday, Dec. 27th, lOlfi.
McClure. Roll calf—The name and at the home of She bride’s parents,	, w ...	.	. ...
description of a tree beginning Mr. and Mrs. John Com rie. Rocher The late Mr. Little was born in ( lar with your surname initial.	Fendu, Ont, by the Rev. Mr. endon township on the Little homestead
____*._____ Woods, their youngest daughter now occupied by his brother .lames,
D ... .	Mary Isabel was united in marriage His father, George Little, predeceased
Bright P p _	I to Mr. Roy Duff, Maryland, Que. —I him several years, while bis mother
Winter Fair,	I Com.	I (who before her marriage was Agnes
Murray) was only laid away nine months
*
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Inga Advocate.
W. E.Gowlino,
President.
rri
for Short-¦ , Spell-unctua-
LJ
bo
to
Since January. 1913, more than 265 Mr. Wellington Armstrong, htudenta from other local colleges have
spent a ootinle of wet‘ks visiting ^ Students are assisted to positions. Ills cousin, Mr. Harry Armstrong, More than 115 were placed during the at Chaiitou, Out., returning hist j past year—most of them In the Government. Send for circular.
W. A. HODGINS

week.
H.C. W. Bra ini wait. Principal.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sta.
Mr. S. R. N. Horigins, editor of
Horticulturist,
SHAWVILLB
Canadian
Petorboro, Out., was among those
xvho visited here on New Year's. w# h||vp ft fpw (,opit,s of ,ast
week’s paper to §pare, if any per-The Misses Shirley and Hose son would like to have one to send Cohen who have been visiting| to un absent friend, their sister, Mrs. A. Dover, returned to their home in Montreal oil
Titeeday.
GIRL WANTED—At once to do general housework. Apply to Mr\ A. Dover, Shnwvllle.
SPECIAL
THREE
WANTED—Girl to do general house-
once to
Louis Herman (formerly of Shawville) 041 tit. Catherine St. West, Montreal.
work. Good wages
OBITUARY
ROB EUT	LITTLE
Marnages
LOST— Alx>ut Dec. 27th a Gilt Maple Leaf, Military Brooch, No. 12. Please return to Mrs. R. G. Hoduins, Shawville.
After a lengthened illness, Robert O. Little, one of our esteemed townsmen died at his home on December 23rd,
LOST— Lost between P. E. Smiley's store and G. F. Rorigins' :\ small brown alligator change purse, containing some change. Finder will kindly oblige by leaving at P. K. Smiley's.
JANUARY 18, 19, 20.
LOST—A lady s gold watch and fob, between Knox's school (No. 4) and Mr. Austin McDowell's. Finder will be suitably rewarded by returning same to Austin McDowell or leaving at this office.
number of entries an did also the ha» been issued by the C. 1\ R. to mamtMiied.	. Campbell» Bay.
sheep and swine departments, the effect that the Siding between He learned the carpenter trade in the Early indication», as shown by the Shawville and Morehead stations, Shawville wood factory, which was then interest taken in sh >w by live formerly owned by G. F.	Hod gins,	under the	firm name of “ McCredie A
stockmen and poultryroen, lead js now a publie siding and	may	be	Hodgina."	He continued to work in
the management to believe that nsed for loading cars.	connection	with the factory until dis-
the coming Winter Fair, to be	abled by Ulnean. He was industrious
held January 16th to 19th., will A shooting match for the bene- au(j callable and trust worthy as a work equal or even surpass the show of fit of Red Cross work was hold at	1
SiSpS IISpHl Sp§S!
nutting forth every efrcirt to ade- of that kind, flow different from warren, and James at the old home ,1 FOR SALE-On Main St., Shawville.
tend ; visitors will, therefore, find piece !	Zion, besides friends and acquaintances.
the Winter Fair buildings to be	___ On coming to Shawville lie became
the best in Canada and the very	an interested and active member of the
last word in the way of equipment THOSE N. 8. I ARDS - Some of Presbyterian congregation in the village, and conveniences for their com- the officials employed in the public and was fora number of years its sec-fort. An excellent dining room departments, not only at Quebec retary treasurer. He wa.< only in his will be operated under the super- but at Ottawa—especially in the f^rty second year, but was enabled to
SEHffîïH
prices.	where in the province of Quebec,
An excellent programme of must necessarily be in the French lectures has been arranged for, language, taking it for granted,
live stock. Ah a result of cpndi- erned by that erratic notion, a nf 77	The deceased was born
MIR9P»
view by some of the most prow in- masters returned the cards with I band, she is survived by ^ eue daughter,, remembered	Daughter.
ont live stockmen in Canada.	the explanation that “there are Mr». Thomas Abbott, Zion, and four
During the week of the Winter1 no French here. While it is only i#nns : Stanley of Kbawville ; Isaac of CaXD or Thanks.—For many kind Fhir a mini her of important meet- right to enlighten officials oil * Clarendon ; William and David of	performed and sympathy mani
mgs will be held, including the condition they have not taken the IA re prior.	fested by friends	towards herself and
annual meeting of the Eastern trouble to inquire into, the ad- The funeral took place at 1.30 Friday	children during the	illness and	death	„f
Ontario Seed Growers Association, misdion that French la not under- from ker Ule residence to- St. Thomas’ her ule husband. Mm. R. G. Little de-which will be held in the Winter stcMid in mme of the purely Kng- ^urch, where a brief and appropriate	^
Fair building on Tuesday night, liah shaking eommimitiea nbouhi I fb mlîtluctü(1 by lhe Rev. Mr.	and gratitude.
Jan. 16th., also the annual meet- at Irant not have to made on White, internent being made at Nor ing of the Eastern Ontario Poultry behalf of the rising generation.	T|h, ,kUl bcAn,rN were Messrs
S=$iSS£ ±
geervVery, Ottawa.	I be »ble to teeth French Y
We offer a limited quantity of Goods at reduced prices. Carefully note the following list :
LOST — Black Checker-Cock Homing Pigeon ; ring mark F. Gill. i.#cft Shaw, ville about Dec. 20th. Finder kindly forward him C O. D. to No. 240714 Ptk. D. Woodsbby. No. 2 Co. 207 Balt., Wellington tit., Ottawa.
15c
*20c. Cotton Suitings 15 Towellings 20 Dreadnau^ht Shirtings 18 Apron Checks 10 Prints
50 Bro. Military Flannel 75 Bro. Corded Velveteen 50 Men’s Grey Socks $1.50 Underskirts Silkene Spools 25 Story Books 6 bars Soap 2 cans Corn 2 cans Peas 2 cans Tomatoes Japan Tea
201b. sack Gran. Sugar 8 lbs. Apples Crystal Sugar Syrup
12
FOR SALE—One frame house, summer kitchen, aud woodshed combined on Patterson tit., Campbells Bay, close to station —on easy terms. For further particulars apply to.ÎAMKH Rooney, Campbells Bay.
15
man
15
8
35
49
35
99
5
FOR SALE—Two comfortable dwelling houses, situated on King tit., on easy term*. For information apply to The
Equity.
20
25
25
APPRENTICE WANTED-A smart intelligent, hoy to learn the jewellery business. Must have good Apply to Hans Shadkl, Jeweller, tihaw aille. Que.
25
30
reference»
25
$1.55
Clarendon Front
r«ONCRETKCULVBRTS PIPEf-AND curbing* for welt, «old at Work*
25
6
Big table of Remnants 4 doz. Ladies’ Caps A few pieces Furs
j at half price


Please be advised above prices will be withdrawn when Sale
is over.
to express her most sincere thanks
W.A. HODGINS
NOTICE
?
I wish all who owe me would call at ray office In Shaw rills and aettle Immediately.
jTw. ARMSTRONG. M. D..

###PAGE###2###
Î insolently
r
3"=
You find out for your-si'lf, if you're *o clever, Mr. Know-mil I'm vtT


»
He tried to push past Vermont and thus effect his escape; but he was not to get off so lightly.
Jasper removed his cigar, which he had been puffing, and dropping his soft, mocking ton*, said sternly.
“Stand back ; go and sit on that bench. I haven't done with you yet, Johann Wilfer.”
‘ I sha n't," was the worthy's prompt answer.
A
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
Or The Sunlight of Love
J
CHAPTER XVII.—(Cont’,1)
1111,1(1,1 the other, bringing his face “Are you going to struggle much closcl* to Adrien, who recoiled invol- longer, because if so, I shall be under untarily- the very smell of the fustian the painful necessity of using still don't clothes offending his delicate norstrils. 1 greater force.”
I he m*n noticed this, and frowned Mr. Wilfer lessened his movements
«SaiBiBiSi
kbpr- "j * ~ - “j r sjr riïirss >- • »**	^
iSilÜliPiü
fin, with her dark eyes and silken tightened.	1 th.*"’m b“slne8!;, % hat did you want The cows are well advanced in their lt<imprtenl 'fterinary advice should handkerchiefs encompassed the train
st -suis i k	I'zzrsizrsz: s&psœssüiir-* zit&t- - • - •• -
if she had not returned to this man, curiosity. But as a matter of fact 1	-?- » smaller quantity of this, it more I	~ 	"But «»• a,niIes merged into tears
h”w?a.rdJan 1	|1 «Wnk 1 have had the pleasure of MASCOTS AT THF 7,vn	T'^'y liâtes it* heat than during	How 10 Wa,,r (a“le-	” w# lo.oked a"d «*•» Germany
What do you mean?" he said now, meeting you before, and I never like	AT ™E ZOOe | the sommer. Then the milk is more An increasing number of feeders ***** eent ue- We naturally expected
,«rw Mr.	- *** - «« *¦>»•>¦ I zzz
bhe am t returned to me, an' that's “Come, let me think," Vermont	Br Kepl b> Regiments.	skimming is to be expected.	before them a supply of fresh water creatures look'd at one out of sad,
S	yo,u'	Where	is she, continued, "were you ever at Canter- ! The Zoo has n new interest nowa- *?*? mi,k may be warmed by the so that they may drink as frequently	*L,rom * remote dread"
”How nhn m°t dL°ne Wltï heru?” bu2r7"	days. It has become- a hostel for add,tl™ °J warm water, or by setting «• they wish. If one is to follow na-lf"*	*i
Mow should I know what has be- Mr. Wilfer started violently.	regimental mascots, says London Tit- lt on the back of a «tove in a pan of turc, this is the ideal system, as un- ithou*h th® door had suddenly opened
tonic of her? answered Leroy, gen- “Ah! I am on the right track. I Bits. The public is largely to blame *ater until il is sufficiently warm, doubtedly an animal’s thirst is it# ,nf° a ,worId where fear end deaPair
¦ ,mlL ik , i i 1 ° /0U dare t0 ln" ^member now; it was a little inn in for this influx of mascots. People’A*16 add,t,on of warm water lessens ^uide as to when it requires water. rt *ned suPreme! ™	1 know where she is? I the summer time, a beautiful moon- hear, for example, that a Welsh unit tke viscosity of the milk, and aceom- No reports of experiments touching ^ Jaa hard to believe that these
haNe neither seen her nor heard of light night.”	i. entitled to march a goat at its head pl,sbe8 the double result of heating it this question in regard to fattening Were ®r,*irt! 8oldiera- Some of them
uTharm e ». „	.. .	v J “Wasn’t me," snarled Wilfer, though and forthwith that quartermaster's to the proper temperature and of mak- cattle arc available. Experiments l 8C*rfely, Iooked ,Iike men? their very
** ./	, man shortly, his face was pale	| office becomes something like a scene lngJVn a m°re favorable separating with milch cows showed that those manhood seemed to have been crush-
ÀrrES rEsErSE Isrvl EHHHE	ülê : HiSÉUS
Ierov PtoDDed »hort	^icks." His grasp tightened on Wil- wn twice a week. There is a little1 ^''“V00®. wkere	lt wi" not	0thers> who a“»w ‘he stock access to !" a f»1"1 jcke how he and his fel-
„£#F	E—' « -	EHHH5 EHœHHÊ
o me" ,nesS,,f>0Urs; she belonged time you were an artist; yes, that is There is also Bill in the monkcv l	'* W!"	*? keep U	werm f°r an	A number who haw this plan intend conditione ,n the pr,aon ca»"Pa had
smmaum
„.%= s.’s- Jszszz p:r:=..,.w ,h. ;	i - « ¦=: -	fîss*i««ï I ««a	exr-
fine gentlemen? 1 know yer, so it's Ï u,nf '°!Clv a11 by Rl,hcns and tloJJ *tAtJoni-	A	correspondent in sending in some kcPt in them “day in and day out.”
no use coming this talky-ùdky sur- Kaph. aPd T,tlan- 1 shouldn't be Rl11 Kavt‘ a wdd cry, fell over back- notes from his county a few days ago,I Ko°niy box stalls for stormv dav« prise with me. You just tell me where HUrpnaed ,f th»t was one of yours I ward>* and was in the furthermost made the statement that at present and nights, and the yard or naddork the is.”	saw at the ( °untess of Merivale's to- !<orner of tht* cage in two grand leaps, prices of grain there is no money in for Pleasant days, is the proper winter
“I tell you," reiterated Adrien “I	portrlLt of a gentleman, sold	He clung, shivering. “Poor old the bacon hog, and that hogs are being) treatment of the colts an.i thp MU
have never a sen the child since the .	There was a warrantly : said the sailor. "Hi* ship was eliminated. We have feared all korsee-
SKmE?-	EExEEHH
3 EzSE'â'ïlsï	sESEJi	EbEEHtEb:"
He glance-1 round the deserts,I path	"d	fot	and stayed there ^i,factory profits from hog feeding. Do not depend upon the frost-bitten m.ny.nds.w-
n»gjwa»Bi
Who are you ?
What do you
re-

D
A
e. pV,r'
Wilfer started back.
'Vail 'em" he said defiantly
What's the police to me, ! us I should be scared of 'em?”
“A great deal,” was the calm

“I
Irak
>U^R
care
When you pay the price of first quality sugar, why not be sure that you get it ? There is one brand in Canada which has no second quality— that's the old reliable Redpath.
“Let Redpath Sweeten it. ”
Made in one grade only—the highest !

* «A
an-


3
2 and 5 lb. Cartons—
10, 20, 50 and 100 lb. Bags.
free from pant iles in some form, and many an- intY ted h parasites of B
very harmful nature. Parasites are British Soldiers Reach Switzerland
round in many different tissues as the brain, sinuses *»f the head, air passages. lungs, liver, stomach, intestines,1 1° the course of an article headed muscles, blood, etc., and externally on "Salvage from German Jails; Another nnd in the skin, in the ears, etc. Some Answer to the Peace Talk,” a London of these cause mechanical disturb- Times correspondent in Switzerland
WRECKS OF MANHOOD
The Farm
From Germany
waiting the two coached train came In cause	more slowly than ever before.
PRISONERS ARE ABUSED
British Sailors Were Taken Naked Through German Streets.
centrâtes are high in price to make dra*t breeds.
Do not depend
The man who has roots and skim-milk ' *ra8fl» but give sufficient feed m is in the best position to make satis- *UbIee to keep up fine condition Th factory returns, but whether or not Positive loss in letting hogs are produced at very much pro- tb‘n in flesh, fit this year, it would not be good With proper policy to eliminate them from the handling, a WÊÊ u Only a few years ago price Pr°At. conditions practically drove the hogl^V*hw* are
Food is scarce in Switzerland and °Ut ''estern Canada, and as soon -> problem o,	,K.
He had his : Kuns off Jutland, quite close. Then
needs no eloquence to tell of Germany's shame. So exhausted were the poor fellows that it seemed s
was a

*tea ,y and increasing de-
K# :
•fXi-.h.. 1 site;sisîsaral —»
crime to question them. One sailor, picked up with others after the Jutland battle. He told in a faint voice how he and his fellows taken naked through the streets, jeered and spat upon by crowds. Others told of the food conditions in camps, grown worse the last two or three months, and of the privation suffered by the later arrivals from the Somme, who for some time had not received parcels. Nothing that Germany can do or may cah wash her hands clean of the guilt of committing crime against humanity.”
CLERGYMAN COMMANDERS
were
prison
two
came
?— -
The World's Deepest Mine
now °f a bri-
The deepest mine works in any ^ part of the world are In Brasil, maya Railway Age. One of the mines of St John Del Ray Mining Company, Limited, has reached the vertical depth of 6,826 feet, ind since the vein shows no sign of losing Hs site or value the company Is considering means of continuing to a vertical depth of 7,620 feet
CHAPTER XVIII.
Mr. Johann %%/er glared vengefully /t the smooth #act of his assailant, and, struggling
with a choice as-
B&*m-
\

%
###PAGE###3###
r
GERMAN FEAR OF TANKS
'SPIES FOR TEUTONS ACTIVE IN FRANCE
trimming for winter * sports suits is
BerU"	^rl‘er I^8rrlbt'" T«rer	I Tljr CACUIAUC I 8cotehrphidir2îd' checks in bright
C «used in the First Attack.	II 1 ilJj I AjjluUliv j] colors are very much in evidence. Some
The following description of the II	If ot the ,HteHt 4uit* dark green with
terror created In the German ranks	» w m ¦<,l y< ,l(>w lines forming the checks,
by the first appearance in action on n r t	I Others are in solid block effects in
the Western Front of the British /he t,me ha8 ]on« 8mce PassC(1 golden brown and black, and other "tanks," or armored auto war char- ,n fashion8 f°r misses were of sec- pretty color combinations, lots, is taken from an article entitled °™Ary importance in the scheme of These patterns may be obtained
sen.,».«s. O,™.- .»p',gÆ:r'""""	Sfdsrb
%%%% «s-s ^ssi&ssira s? rs
ilsi mT. - T	“
crumbs.	Pour over one cup of	Roast fowl	Bread	sauce,	( .eai	Engb .	tbejr b|0(Kl fro/(. jn ^heir	which enter into the lives of all young A further contribution into the
oyster liquor or milk, dot	with bits	br0”n gravy,	toasted	rolls of	bacon,	ye|ng	people, we find an unlimited variety of palm kernel cake question has been f,thèr that the Germans have close
of butter and bake twenty or thirty fried sausage, lettuce.	"Across the field cut un with 8tyle8‘	made by Dr. Crowther of the Univer- '"formation on what happens in their
or until nicely browned | Boiled fowl—Bread sauce, celery gBpjng craters crawled two mvster- At Pre9c,lt there <» a distinct rela- sity of Leeds, England. This artifidal ^nemy'« lines or that chance is a won-
Nevcr have more than two layers of 8a“ce- egg sauce> slliced lcmon-	jou, monsters Dazed bv the earth llon betwecn the 8ty,es for grown-ups cattle food is the residue left after derful thing. For instance, a number
oysters so that the dish may be even- Roast duck—Apple sauce, sage and ^	h„H been raeimr about and tha8e reaching the grown-up the completion of the process of ,x- of Cabinet members visited a town
ly cooked and not soggy in the middle. °m°n8- thick brown gravy, green Pea# | ,hem „ all rubbed th.fr eve - 8tBge' The slim silhouette, to which trading the oils from* palm kernels. the north a few days ago, being ac-
EEEHHE3	-» ?SSSS’i	™E~E EEvEEEF^
Æ	'îîïs.——-	£ SrSEyrca sxsjr-i x -jets
—
iHiiaiiMiaii sis s
4am= ss«sspîsg zssmm
gar with or without eggs. This A little ginger added to the salad a machine gun orchestra filled the .	-^	jthan. cott°n cake and	The M. Clemenceau gazed at the
Æ*- ESS 5EHB™
2k mm mm
Fig Pudding.—To one-half pound of separate workbag for each piece of	*	A/ ed with other cake.	,,, ° g 1 the torpse of
chopped fresh figs add two cupfuls of work one has on hand.	AFTER LONDON CANINES.	*  /A	Tests directed at ascertaining whe-	. * . ,
grated stale breadcrumbs. Sift into House plants will not do well if put	- /ŸTTTTlv	ther the cake would improve the quan-	hü™*!* "Fl D . ,8le“r
this mixture one cupful of brown su- in a window over a radiator. The Movement to Limit Number of Dogs	/ / I 1	| tity and quality of milk bore out, as tv r	“I>hU '. B J re81(leIil ot
gar. one cupful of finely chopped beef heat will dry them up.	,	Kept as War Measure.	/// / VM	far as theV went, the investigations of îieur le PreL.nt^.11
/‘ I [ft	'rEEHEBE
U1 'I ii .............. “ini"“I-M-c,“"i
Apple Sauce Cake—Cream one-half communicate their diseased condition Tbl hIf,% f „dl8t..at trld,ng c®8t-cupful butter and one cupful sugar, to other roots. Keep the tubers on The dogs that cost the most are the
Into one and one-half cupfuls hot ap- suspended shelves some distance away m°at u,eIe88: they ere the pampered pie sauce beat in two teaspoonfuls from the cold cellar floor	peta*
soda and one-half teaspoonful salt; stir in with the butter and sugar; add one cupful raisins, one-half teaspoonful nutmeg, one-half teaspoonful cinnamon and cloves two-third cupfuls flour five minutes.
Useful Hints and General Information for the Busy Housewife
About the House
\TT U K FOLLOWED MEMBERS
VISIT TO FRONT.
Selected Recipes
Interesting Example of Ex-Premier*»
Courage Under Fire.
The question of spies spying is always a live one in France, for many incidents can be recounted which show
?
PALM CAKE FOR CATTLE

minutes

a
men
ex
tin.
pool
rice, a pint of milk, and a pinch of salt
near
are
ceau
“But, Monsieur le President,
may be wounded and then--------"
“And If I were," - replied the Tiger," "would it not be a fine death ’ at my age; the finest a man could dream of?"
you
Because we have two eyes the things we see seem solid and not flat, with the result that we can judge ,
-—-«Pi F ¦¦
One of the most disquieting home Another veterinary surgeon was	W	; fields seen with the eyes separately, and men disgust me; it would he a
Yorkshire pudding with fruit—When' symptoms of the present hour is very hitter against lap dogs. They	75AO	although in the main alike differ, good time to make a fine finish»" Then
££	-â~	^ « rrh;.ir^tb£ rx;r/t %>, *¦"	-
such-as preserved damsons, plums or the Countess of Warwick in the Lon- put her pet ,jog und*r car? .SeDt	'	two eyes are combined, and the house :	“You were young, you had a long
any other variety or mixture avail- don Chcpnicle. I do not, of course, re- *n for a mea *Fh 89 1 w?)!jd	is little trimming on these frocks; per- across the street assumes depth and future before you; you had done il!
able. Finish it by baking and then fer to women of the working classes; en ™ry p ea*°d to eat. What did haps a touch of bead or wool embroid- relief.	to no one, women pleased you
sprinkle it with spiced sugar or any their transgressions in this direction 1, '	It sniffed the ery, a contrasting collar, soutache Although we see a house with each you had faith in men. How much bet
other sweet substnee which may be ac- are venial. Nor to the women of the	OV*f’	.	uneaten,	and	braid, oiw flat braid applied in rows,	eye, we see only one house with both	ter it would be if you were	alive hert
ceptable, such as honey or a fruit upper classes—I hate these adjectives	ffohhied up the	Mscuit	and food	that	The large assortment of fashionable	eyes. This makes the sterescope pos-	and an old body like mine were hang
*&uco	! but know of nothing that will take gax e 1 *	..	colors, including burgundy, plum, sible—an instrument so designed that ing out there in place of yours!"
Oysters with tomatoes.—Melt two their place—who have seriously re-	.	. ,v * an on	,na?y	erriPJ or	*parJ"	taupe, brown and green has not ousted	the two eyes are made to converge on	The artillery fire finished	before M
tablespoonfuls butter, add sliced onion duced their normal expenditure.	le	a .e,r	° H	pounf f"	cat 9	navy blue, which is still a favorite.	a single point and yet to see two dif-	Clemenceau moved on and	the stafl
and cook until brown. Add cup stew- What I protest against is the fash- n,°a|» 'v uh cost^ one penny, or For her social activities, sweet six- ferent pictures. If these two pictures captain who accompanied him told th* ed tomatoes, when thickened, with a ion in which so many of the wives meat that 19 ,ert over from the table, teen may have her choice of soft chif- represent a chair as it would appear story afterward, declaring, "I tel pint of drained oysters, and cook until and daughters of the profit-makers	a h bis™U or bread, fon velvet, velveteen, taffeta, satin, to the right and left eyes respectively, you he was wonderful! wonderful!"
edges curl. Add a drop of tabasco are spending the money. I paid a arv 1 F ?eep we Hn , ™St you not charmeuse, silk poplin or Georgette they are perceived as one solid object, repeating the word "épatant," whicl
sauce, one-half teaspoonful salt and rare and very necessary visit to my morc ttlan ls, M a wrck-	crepe, depending on the occasion for	-?- means so much in a Frenchman*-
tablespoonful chopped parsley. Serve dres imaker the other day, and the lj*ay * evnrmm writes: Why. be- which her dress is intended. For	HONORS NOT.PS qihimt	mouth.
on to.st.	I slightness of my needs made me .1-	a f,w foohsh women feed their dance frock*, tulle, silk net. chiffon	81 ,R,r	M. Clemenceau i, 71 and was Mayor
w — rrstsftuTrsærSHtF ssnsz — -r - -i2ssxafssic-
3"whl“	77•»^»-*¦«'««7	n.^ JS&......SB
Foundation sauce—Two ounce, but 1,1 the orders, ahe told me, came ""*'!“*?***	¦m*1L "«tin, to match the color of her dress, Among the honors lately bestowed l.y
ter, two ounces flour, one pint milk, from clients unknown to her before	Lt.lL., *“rdy- or*,'e of e‘lver.,or gold	, I the Emperor were, according to eus- First lied by Troops Out of Ammo-
pinch of salt. Melt the butter, blend ,he war.	/	sporting, and a, intelligent a. an Pale or bright pmk, blue, maize, tom, posthumous honors for some of i
ESS BEH™ js %% spAs
Hirv*	husbands are profiting by war are many "f U9 bave our husbands at the above the other, and the merging of hold department proceeded to the mo- *ts namr <ome8 ^rom ^hat of Be-
smmm iscss	;###
teaspoonful lemon lulce. Wash the sntertained, and the entertainment.	--- ! pour of «to.	flctured
brains thoroughly, tie up in muslin and	moet extravagant lunch or	A Protective Admission	:lpr Rnortll	° e^J°> men [[om The ritualist announced before the
J’SSMT er Burgess desired.	The skirt# of sports dreeooe and	^	through the ranks of their enemies
tarfe of luxury and JmLdtZ,	ng h*	mother "*• w worn very short, and the Complete satisfaction In ousiness i# This they did the first bayonet
y en4 etupidHy rsn cornered a young man in the reception models are either plain or pleated when what he buys looks as good t< charge in history and their
i	,	Wlth bright-colored skirts are worn the purchaser as it did to the sales in extricating themselves from
And which of my girls do you most slip-on middy, of wool or silk jersey I	man.	warm comer showed the value ,.f	the
desire. Mr. Krerstay T	in a contrasting color. Hip-length	-- new weapon and led to iu man	.
..	°n#* cam# tbe urd,e8‘ coats of angora and fancy wool# are	Charity	that	begins at home seldom	lure and adoption by every country
***** *****	a,f° fluently eten Tbe accepted	gets over	a neighbor'*	back	fence.	sad army in the world.
cor
LUXURY AMONG NEWLY RICH
one
Apostrophizes Dead Hero
semi-sarcas
Sift in two and Bake forty-
women
and
ORIGIN OF THE BAYONET
nit ion
The story of its invention illustrates the old proverb about the motherhood

The following table gives the moat moat
for varie Yorkshire
pudding, may be amused ^hough es, cran- not, to the semoiNd «old.
success
a very
suet dumpling, red currant or damson
mint
In thirty
consecutive days 440 , Inches of rain recently fell <m Dhan-I gawsta, India.
rwn ? avy, lamb—Mint
Roast
gravy, let*

###PAGE###4###
plant. ït lias been closed and lately sold and will be rebuilt in Utah. The reason the factory has ceased to lie is on account of the scarcity of labor they could not raise sufficient sugar beets to make it pay, and growing wheat is more
Bulgaria is ret sorted as expecting! l'i'|Mtdb!c nnd mpiiirs less labor.
I lie wheat crop ot Southern Alberta . this year i* far above all past record
invisible the wish is father to the tanner belonging to my congregation thought. The Bulgars are beginning to threshed 5M,3i8*> bushels of wheat from understand that with the realization of I ^ | acres. I he last 135 acres threshed
•'•""•r ...........................	’’M,
n».il status would stand in imminent | \0bh\ who holds the world’s record foi
He had 1000 acres that averaged vj or 53 bushels to the acre, l am
which
THE EQUITY.
in broken English, yet held the congregation spell-bound. He said lie had been challenged for going to a Baptist church, but that the New Testament said “ where two or three were gathered ^together in Christ’s name thare He was, m the midst.” He had no hesitation in going where his Master went.
1 hope that spirit of Father Nicholas and the unknown Methodist chaplain may more and more possess tho clergymen of all denominations ; then there will lx.1 very little trouble in creating the same spirit among the |woplv and help to hasten the day when there will Ik1 one fold and one shepherd.
1 do not expect to Ik* here longer than
, .	.	, * .	¦ I	* l**8 world-famed New Year, and 1 am only taking charge
A Hit; shell manufacturing concern m I farmer is an elder of the Vrvsl.vtevmn | until a suiUl.lv man can Iw found for Ki»gland has submitted an offer to make Church and a liberal giver to missions
NOTICE.
SLANG OF THE UNDERWORLD.
I hereby give notice that I have ap -
I PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given pointed Thomas H. Kelley to look after or that the under mentioned LANDS and and haw full control over my property TENEMENTS have been seised, and »n North Clarendon, being Me west will be «old at the rcsjicctive time and half of No. 3 and east half of No. 4, is
the 13th rangt» of Clarendon, for a period of two years from this date.
GEO. L. CORRIGAN,
Schumacher, Ont,
SHAWVILLE. JAN. 11, 1917.
Criminals Hsvs a SvygwVvs Language of The*r Own.
Tho professional pickpockets, l_ those who ore left of the tribe, have an expression for ever)' professional
action and object. Pockets range from [ place mentioned below "side kicks” to "double Insiders." which arc the Inner vest pockets, and hard Indeed Is It to abstract m "poke” or "leather" from one of the same and
"weed" It In the security of some near-	......
by ha a en.	THE BEADING BREWERIES, . For flaln or Ront
A ring Is called a "hoop" A watch LTD., Plaintiff:	vs	* OF °ai° 0r «Sm
mny bo a "super" In one locality, and HKCTOR L’llIKNIEK, Defendant. A dwelling house, woodshed, carriage In another It may bo called u block" That certain lot of land known and house, stable, henhouse and yard, well or a turnip or a ‘kettle.* while the j^nhed according to tho official plan apple trees, small fruit of different kinds chain Is cither a "white slang*' or a |in,j j„ the book of reference for the opposite Mr. I). Hodgins’ brick yard "rod slang." the chromatic adjective t0WIKS),j,, of Duhamel, in the county of	THOMAS MAJOR,
denoting cither gold or silver.	Teniiscamingue, ns lot number seven (7),	Hhawville, Que.
Money Is given a score of names. hn the third range of the said township The most used Is "kale.1' "scratch" or of |>ubamelt in the said county of Tern-
"dough," but the "Humble Dutchman," jsnmiillgllv -together with the buildings	A IM A D I À N
a well known character, was wont to thereon erected, as well as all the mem W D A ^ . r , T? call it "bullets," and this name Is used |H,rs un(j appurtenances thereunto be-	r AUIF IG
In many localities A ticket In the un- ^nging.	T> A TT.TTT A V fin
derworld Is krtowu the world over as |	»p0 |K, ^ld at the registry office for	AvnilJ ^ x W.
a "ducat," while a uniformed police- the county of Temiscamiligne, Que., in
. I l	I am, yours truly,	man Is a "harness bull," which Is rich the village of Ville Marie, in the dis I Round Trip Excursion Fares
I his is noticed in church	1). J. Cr.UU, Indeed In suggestion and description. trict of IVmtiae, on the FIRST day of1	r
attendance, which is not nearly so good	_	The minions of the law are also giv- FEBRUARY', 1917, at TEN o'clock in
\ general belief exists in France that A.8 a w,w V1 hard times. This shows	^	en the following names, which are the forenoon.
ErrEBiESA ïsaw
1 kely be her last supreme effort to mi who read this will take time to read X||F Fyvm |lub|iBhei ,.y Mt of central office men are known ai "0. O
E### gjpSSSS
ay offvr in the way of peace should U here, they are building a Mormon ten	to. ,h‘‘ ««'"tinguished conduct b,a,e rlson'
THE CLOWN'S FACE.
extent about AO whom thev rail (km Mr* am1 Mnt- L T. Thomas, now of	------- I Doherty Piano-new ; also two new
granted, will not be lacking when the tiles aiu, are outside the true*ihureh. J^tage la Rraine Man. The Solicitor p.thetio Incident From Which the U.# %lfl&Sep%!or-new^^'
and if it Stirling and New Dayton also belong to	the y-mt.g so!-	of Black Line. Com*	rose «.ream separator new
Dear Mr. Thoina
peace to come quickly, ami it is not im
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS
Province of Quebec, j ])i>tri( I of Pont in'1 No. 1613
November i?0, 1916
SvHCRlOB Coe nr
i
wheat
<i igvr uf bring wipt il out
not suo
• I this important field. We hates great Urge shells fur the American navy at a I Many who bought farms here last many vacant mission fields on account
% z Assays: ! ESS 3 EE SSH
much shorter time as well. The fact I in great need of the good crops, as the and give fret* services to help them until brought out by this rejiort with xtrik- l°n years they had got dwply in | they get Spring supply
ingly sharp distinctness, is, that when a
British munition firm is in a position to years. This year will "put iiv^t of tiivin solicit business from a neutral country, on easy street
1.
Some old-timers say they made I
more tins year than in the past t wenty | for the mission work of the West, which
is helping all classes of men and women.
Wishing all your subscribers and old able and so well provided tor that they | friends a happy new year, .
"«•« in tu think they van get along with
out (iod
1 ask the prayers of all the churches
Some feel so comfort
f he shell problem at home must un qostlonably Ik* now well in hand.
Ottawa Winter Fair
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Ottawa, Ont
16 to 19, 1917.
Lowest one-way first class fare for round trip, good going Monday, January 15th to Thursday, January 18th inclusive limit Saturday, January 130th, 1017.
For particulars ticket», etc. apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shaw ville.
Sheriff » Office,
the world of tho invincibility of that chapter.)
press
h r military power, and an object lesson <11 and sundry that whatever she
CLEAN UP SALE.
t
Return
n
xjK'eted drive, it may be taken for
> 1
supreme moment arrives,
« omv.s the most sanguinary engage-hrents uf the whole war mav Ik1 countixi
(i. A. HOWARD
my mission field. Stirling is another Mormon town. We have only eight
families there. At New Dayton all are j wr*Ung you to congratulate you on the! dlan. "is connected with the clown the so-called Gentiles. The minority distinction being won by your son Nor I "In (be time of Louis XIV. there are a superior class of settlers. Altho’ I m*tt 0,1 battlefields of France, 1 was a famous down known as 'Fat Partial reconstruction of the	Dow-twenty families, they have built a	,,ml	not dew-ril-e to you the heroic eon-	William’ (Gros Guillaume), who held
church and it is all paid for, and next	M'ict	which in recent despatches from	bis audience In the Rue Fsvarl by bis
.summer they intend to build a manse, I *ke fr°nt has been placed to his credit, wonderful eccentricities of gesture, presentation	took place on	Monday,	ns	an<| also expect next year to stand	1 am particular)* pleased because the	voice and mimicry. One night, so the
the result of	the death of	Hon.	T.	Cl alone as a self-supporting congregation.	I,mm	wb° shares the credit with him, | legend runs, his wife was dying, and
1 have t.i cover 37 mils* every Sun-	Dykes Bredin, is	one for whom I	;	he was	still obliged to go	on and en
day. It was rather staggering when	8<)me credit	for	discovering over	tertaIn	the clanking, clashing, ribald
1 landed here and was told this. Rut	eW*t .wars ago. I	had	not the pleasure	Parisian mob that stood In	the pit. It
as you pay the same for a team as an M	knowing your	son	; personally. but	I	was In	the days before	there were
auto in this country I have used the know that you had a L>y at the front, j cents in 1 be orchestra latter so far, as it makes the work a IarM* immediately the news came of his pleasure instead of burden, is so much in need of a car as the missionary who has driven from 20 to 50 miles each Sunday. 1 have gone the rounds with some of our men who have the 50 mile drive every week congregations are providing autos for their minister so that he can do his best work.
We arc fortunate in having only one denomination at New Dayton and only one other than Mormon in Stirling and Raymond, the strong centre of Mormon
"One of the greatest tragedies of I cannot help the theater," said n prominent come-

TAILORING
cabinet, as affecting QueW re
nuon
t
¦
t >V. % ¦ ¦
1 lid*/
§31
V.isgrain, Postmaster General « H.mgek are as follows :
Hon. Albert Svvigny, (Speaker) lx* rume* Minister uf Inland Revenue Hon. I*. E. Rloudin takes the V. M Lhipand Hon. K. L. Patenaude i • ;wirtfolio of Secretary of State Mr. E H. Rhod 1 'U heir to the Speakership.
For the bye-election in Dorchester co liity necessitated by Mr. Sevigny s • .try into the cabinet, nominations been fixed for the 20th inst.
We keep a good line of Serges of fancy patterns always in stock.
Tin
§
6’
3
"Like all Imitators of the Italian No person I magnificent conduct, realized at once I 'commedia/ his face was whitened
that he was the son of my old friend, J. with flour. Under the burden of his T. Thomas. His work will be a matter ¦ great domestic sorrow be was stupid of pride to his parents for all time, and iod slow In his performance, and In a pride as well to all Portagors. May order to stir him up bis companion he get now the reward he deserves, and ! on the stage hit him n resounding come out ol Ike terrible conflict un scathed.
3

K
m

m

!
I
/
deputy speaker,
'
VH

l
!
i

m
*16
Sonic


wbaek with û heavy cane. U ho combination of big sentimental troubles and the physical pain caused Gros Guillaume to weep. As tho tears streamed down over bis whitened face the aspect was so comical that the audience cheered and laughed Itself into hysterics. And ever since then every clown has black lines on bis whitened face.
Also Overcoats, Caps, Sweatercoats, Underwear and Heavy Pants.


Yours sincerely,
(Signed) Arthur Meiuhen
a#


y
OxLt One Returned to Tei.i. the
Tale. .
OPvfVCn
S- k g i few days ago with reference
• the need fur national saving, Sir ism. The two latter congregations are Humus White, Minister of Finance CumP<>sud of different nationalities and
¦' «->• * "» *• »#
Mt or iru n |H>wei he had little doubt one at Raymond Sunday evening, altho’
V mada would have a munitions few in numbtr (only nine partaking of
s foi tlf coming year of five *' 1	Supper)
...	.. . ..	I ami nearest to the !
I ne « 11-t 111 *n money would mean a
The news|»;ijK*r clipping says Mr.
.1. T. Thomas, of Portage la Prairie,
Man., a native of Ramsay, graduate of our high school, well known to many of our readers, in a letter to his brother James, gives some details of the brave was one of the IxM conduct of his son Norman, who won
distinction on the battlefield in France, and received a letter of congratulation from the Solicitor General of Canada.
One was Baptist, The Manitoba Liberal prints a picture Methodist the doctor of the of brave Corporal Thomas and also giv town : two Episcopalians, three Preshy- particulars. It appears that his com terians and two Roman Catholics. One immding officer, Capt. Dykes Brodin, of the Presbyterians is a Japanese and asked for half a dozen volunteers to en
r,t«d from time to time by this expend-1 one formerly a mem lier of the Salvation ! gage the enemy who were hidden in a | *Rondiug to such rank.” Carlyle doit ure should through savin * be made *‘^rra7* That was not a denominational strong place whilst he went around with	lI,e honor, but lie was deeply
"”ï """“r; ;b‘- rr1 ! »~	•&££ s ïïït
‘ " 114 1 new orders would be placed. the conditions of Psalm 133 : 61 Behold offer and five of his comrades joined racI11,1 hIa writings. Most readers wUl nAAnc	CJooU	______________' .1
t inmi.i can get all of this business how good a thing it is for brethren to! him in the venture. The movement Probably agree with the verdict of the 1/UUI O)	Odbll^	JL/JP0SS0CI
which she can finance, and shells arc I ^w'ell together in unity/* and the Lord’s I w as a success as the Germans were ca|>- Fbelsea bus conductor who said to
promise was fulfilled. “Then will I jtured, but Thomas alone escaped to tell	Froude: “Very proper of the queen to	j	T	..	^
command my blessing, even life for the story, all five of his companions	offer it and more proper of him to say	i	JLiUIIl	U0A	a	0tCa
evermore.”	being riddled with bullet*. Of Bred in, that be would have nothing to do with j	____
1 did not ask all those different creeds it is said, that after spending six rounds ’Tlsn't they who can do honor to	-----
nuplcte absolution of the iiersonall t4,j°in the Presbyterian Church. That of ammunition and failing to reach the the llkee of he."—London Standard. Piiçf jttvi C _____________#____
¦, .„s„ s„,I —„	:x ps.	|vustom sawing*.
k'aTl,m# ,,f l|ie purchase of two submarines United-Wiurcli of Canada then 1 could ! after their leader fell. Both the Capt. Nine times out of ten It la over the y Sir Rich mi McBride and no cause and would likely succeed. One of the ! and Corp. Thomas are recommended for Bridge of Sighs that we pass the nar-
for complaint in the ammunition sales, Roman Catholics who took the Sacra the military medal. It is incidents like row *ulf from youth to manhood.
incut is a very clever young lady. She these that thrill the patriot, and we con-	That Interval la usually occupied by
is the only teacher in the public school ' gratulate Mr. Thomas on the distinction	**} placed or disappointed affection,
here who is not a Mormon. She is the won by his son for heroic conduct on recover and we find |	I
pro!iv into these transactions, just made | superintendent of my Sunday School the field.	beings. The Intellect bas become hard-
Iciblic. The reports arc voluminous *n<l at present my only teacher. Per	ened tbe 6re through which It has
1 'kkh «**	a:
But 1 do not think such is likely in the	2*tarKs Vorn<‘rhle	oor road to wisdom by the sorrows we
light of the present century, and liecause	( u u ovpr fmm i t .	I bave undergone.-Buiwer-Lytton.
Tht! «equitation ot (wo submarines,” ofthe closOr bond* of fell.,»-hip being | Mr J(U# Crk.k ha. returned home ,	Ino.n.l.t.nt P.pl.r
J S,r Vhiirk'S hlN	“ ,,r°Ulî «He«M iirefer ihe heip ,7a g.ll VhriT I	hU d*U*hter’ Mre J'	.re ,on .0 .ore .t Dr. Jooe.r
.... «*, *»»	|	j
I' ami « ere efficient fighting nut | A Canadian aoldier, wounded 1.11 the, Xmas visitors to Starks Comers rant hlomlne in m. ten on lohsf.r.
Uttlefield in France. He was a .toman were Mias Kvelyn and Mis* Seme ft'' ,S2W-5l Catholic. Seeing a chaplain, he said : \\ harrvy frsm Ottawa ; Norman Stark. Datclt
.....	...	...	- Father-crucifix.' The chaplain was Rupert Smiley and Franklin Leitcb.
M,*	* hailea hnding will prewnt	a Methodist minister. There was no	Renfrew and	Fred	Colic of	('ampin’ll*
t hr charges of graft, made in this con-	priest at hand. That Methodist minis-	Bay.
from being repeated by the ter bad Christianity enough to go and On Sunday afternoon just before
rV’vir n ?-• T rF
1 an the Meredith Duff investigntvm	Uatbolic soldier and talked to him of	Mr. Stewart	Stark with a	handscane
of the shell contracts put a stop to a re-1 his Saviour who died for him on the	Hymn hook.	Mr.	J. A. Dean read the
croas. As he talked he noticed tbe address and presented the book lief ore countenance of the man change and he the Sunday School, which Mr. Stark believed he died in peace. That chap haw been Superentendent for a good lain says the last verse of the hymn many years. The address read a*
“ Abide with Me, will always mean | follows more to him after this :	44 Hold Thou

"Many are tbe black lines on tbe face of tbe actor that tho audience knows not of."—Chicago Tribune.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
t h,
»W4W
» Ired million dollars
Carlyle Declined the Honor.
Among the many distinguished men who have refused honors was Thomas Carlyle. Disraeli offered him In the queen’s name the Grand Cross of the Bath, “a distinction,” writes Froude, "never before conferred upon any English author, with a life income corre-
1 WÊÊ I	New Testament id*
of any I have ever taken part in. \ H-j had English. Irish, Austrian, Japam favorable business roudi Scotch and Welch
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
1 tlxi
t
which in turn would support the
redit in her financing for . All the money distri-
ono a
es
niton s i
*
pur | RIM*.*
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
* h it Great Britain need anything else.
more than

We Can Supply You
the three ini; Mutant findings in the *>rts of Sir Charles Da>idson on hi*
wer
rselves new

. . WITH ALL KINDS OF . .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Recalling.
Your patronage solicited.

the evidence taken before the commis
4
ly *aved the cities of Victoria and Van
miver from attack
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
hiues
It need not be expected, however
•i
Islam end Dancing.
Mohammedanism forbids danclag, end It la only by special permission that the master of a house le released from this law, for. according to the Korea, this form of amusement Is not me of tbe pleasures permitted ie pare.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
section
petition of the slander» trumped up in liehslf
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monn-
Opinions.
"? men may change bis opinions.”
, Tee.” replied Mies Cayenne, "but a
HU1... _ I1	I EH.
wwk to forward The Kqi rrv to Rgy- skies \ ou find this broader, truer you our sincere thanks for the work you ¦mnd, Alberta, as I want to get the I Christian spirit working in the Catholic have done in the Sabbath School and home news.	Church also today. The chaplain of the I we ask you to accept this little gift
It might he interesting to many of King of Serbia aed Professor of Thenl a* a token of our appreciation of your your readers to get e few lines from ogyIn tbe University of Belgrade, Fa- service.
Sunny Alberta Raymond, 86 miles I tber Nicholas, was the preacher at a re ! Mr. Stark waa very much taken b> south of Lethbridge, is called The Sugar cent service in Bloomsbury Baptist surprise and be thanked the children in City, because there is here a large sugar | church, London. Father Nicholas spoke | a few well chosen words —Com.
RAYMOND. ALBERTA
ments over placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
December 19. 1916
of this district.
purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
ta Hat : am a
"I am no
man of deeds and few
Will
Mftbair
FEHCINO ju*> CEMETEKY WORK A SPECIALITY

Ail Work Guaranteed ••«•factory.




###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
G. F. HOGGINS GO’S
ANNUAL CLEARING SALE
A Weekly Jsurntl devoted te lets I Interests. Fekllsked every There*#y
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
GASTRIC REBELLION.
Seme ef the Mistakes In Eating That Incite Poor Digestion.
Indigestion la often attributed to hasty eating, and people are reproved, and rightly so, for bolting their food, but It la interesting to observe that, while the bolting of meat is always severely censured, one never bears any blame attached to those who swallow fruit lyr the mouthful and devour uncooked vegetables without any attempt at mastication. Nevertheless It is the hasty swallower of vegetable liber who la really the Inciter of gastric rebellion. Vegetables are at all times very Imperfectly digested by the stomach and require their tough fibers to be thoroughly broken up by the teeth If they are to be dissolved even in the bowel.
There Is a well known saying which avers that digestion waits upon appetite, and there la no doubt that of all the adjuvants to digestion a keen desire foe food la the most powerful and important Rut appetite Itself often depends upon conditions which are independent of the body’s absolute necessities. Thus the aspect of the food, Its smell, taste and even the manner In which It la served all help either to stimulate a desire for It or to Induce a sense of aversion, while the environment of the diner often exercises important influence, beneficial or otherwise.
Brain work of any kind Interferes with the rapid digestion of food, and even the habit of reading during mealtimes. practiced by so many, is conducive neither to appetite nor digestion. A well lighted room, music and frivolous conversation will often permit a chronic dyspeptic to enjoy without remorse the pleasures of the table, while a depressing atmosphere, uncongenial company and unappetizing dishes may induce a fit of Indigestion In the most healthy Individual.
SvlMORtHTIOif, |l ? YSAB I if AnVAfVCK.
tM All arrears must be paid up before
any p ipor le discontinued.
——	— — Q — — ——
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legil advertising, 10cents per line for 1st insertion and 6 cents per line or each hiibsequent Insertion
nmliioss cards not exceeding one Inch I n sorted at $5.00 per year.
Loot I announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per lino for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Uotu uerolal advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates w blch will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In *1,ructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub lished free of charge. Obituary poetry <! 5C lined.
15th January to 26th
6 DAYS
6 DAYS
Agent Wanted!
EMPIRE SEMI-TRIMMED WALL PAPERS
(Patented)
Nationally Advertised
The Greatest Wall Paper lnv Uon of the age.
A TWIST OP THE WRIST
TRIMS THE BOLL
No knife, ectaeori or straight edge required.
Paper hanging made quicker, cleaner and better.
An energetic agent Is wanted in this locality to show samples and solicit orders from householders.
Handsomely bound eampl# books showing hundreds of beautiful, exclusive pattern» ace furnished agents free.
Over 2,100 agents are making Urge profit*.
Applicants please state occupation, age and surrounding village» can canvass, when full p articuler# will be furnished.
Everybody knows the situation which has existed in the markets for
the last year and a half. They also know that it has particularly affected Clothing, Underwear, Boots and Shoes, also Furs. In these lines the advances run^from 25 to 75 per cent.
At the outset of the war this Store realized that we would be in for a
season of high prices. We immediately set out to buy thousands of dollars’ worth of goods to tide over a year or two, ami to maintain our usual low prices. In this wo succeeded, and although this has been a bumper year, we find ourselves considerably overstocked. It is necessary to reduce this surplus and we wish to do it quickly.
for
#wy,
1
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and
Order* by mall
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
Now is your time to buy at nearly the old prices
EMPIRE WALL PAPER
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
CO.. UUÎTID
- CLOTHING -
MONTREAL
26M
This gives you an opportunity to buy your Spring Suit at a cut price. You will certainly save money by buying now.
O
O. Y. it, LODGE, No. 3M, meets 2nd Wedneaday of each month at 8 p. tu.
W. E. N Hodoinr, Rec.-Seoy.
REPRESENTATIVE
G. G. McDowell,
W. M.
WANTED
- UNDERWEAR -
at once for Shaw ville and District
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Howard Dale W,M.
— FOR
Anticipate your needs. You will save Gold lars. Britain is preparing for another year of war. will affect the wool market.
Dol-
“ CANADA S GHEaTEST NURSERIES"
Spring 11)17 list now ready. Splendid list of hardy fruit and ornamental A took suitable for the province of Quebec, including McIntosh Red Apple, St. Regis Everbearing Raspmkrry, and many other leaders
Start now.
Rko. IIoikiins, Secy.
This
ROYAL SCARLET QUARTER meets on the I It h of each month.
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Comp. In Com
Rko. Hodgins. Com. Scribe.
- - FURS —
Our offerings in this line are exceptionally You must see them to appreciate.
- BOOTS & SHOES -
Terms liberal.
STONE and WELLINGTON,
The Ponthill Nurseries (Established 1X37)
Toronto
CHARM OF THE BIBLE.
good
Professional Cards.
I
It# Poetic Beauty and the Marvel of I ta
Word Pictures.
Then some of us who cared for literature took up the Bible casually and found Its poetic beauty. We read the book of Job—which, by the way, Mr. Swinburne Is said to have known by heart—and as we read It even the stars themselves seemed less wonderful than this description of their marvel and mystery:
Canal thou bind the sweet Influences of Pleiades or loose the bands of Orion?
Canst thou bring forth Mazzaroth In his season? Or canst thou guide Arcturus with his sons?
Or we read In the thirty-seventh chapter of the book of Ezekiel of that weird valley that was full of bones— “and as I prophesied there wag a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to bone'— surely one of the most wonderful visions of the imagination In all literature.
Or we read the marvelous denunciatory rhetoric of Jeremiah and Isaiah or the music of the melodious heartstrings of King David. We read the solemn adjuration of the “King Kecle-sinst" to remember our Creator in the I days of our youth, with Its haunting picture of pld age, and the lovelmes* (of “The Song of Songs" passed Into our lives forever.
j To this purely literary love of the I Bible there has been added within the hast few y«5ars a certain renewed re i gard for 1? as the profouudest book of | the seul, and for some minds not con-j ventlonally religious ft has regained [even some of its old authority as a I spiritual guide and star. And I will confess for myself that sometimes as I fall asleep at night I wonder If even i the most picturesque of modern writ, ers has written anything to equal the j Twenty-third Psalm.—Richard Le Gal-llenne In Phoenix.
Ont
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
DR. A. H. BEERS
This is where the high prices pinch, and it will be worse. Compare the price of raw hides today with before the war prices.
SURGEON DENTIST
Camphrlls Bat - • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of De nul Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn - Last Monday,
of each month.
- MOCCASINS -
We have seen the new prices for next season. Candidly we did not buy. The prices are awful
- RUBBERS -
S. A. MAGE AT
The rubber itself may not be much higher, but the other materials and workmanship will be.
- APPLES -
A car load of Apples to sell that week.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville.
Que.
fi. MILLAR, L.L.L.
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visitShawvIlle "very Saturday
FARM FOR SALE
iking the X. K. Quarter of Lot No. 7 in flu* Mh range of Bristol, containing •*>0 acrvH, more or les», about half of whirl) is clvarvd ; balance in bush,
| hnii#\ stable ànu miS nouae erèûîôu thereon, Soil clay and loam. Good well. One mile and a half from Maryland II. II. station ; one mile from Caldwell P. (). For terms and full particulars apply on the premises, or by letter to Valuwell |*wt office.
MRS. VVM. SOMERVILLE.
Here is a List of Specials :
12£ lbs. Granulated Sugar 5 gals. American Coal Oil 1 20-lb bag Rolled Oats 1 pkge Robinhood Rolled Oats “
8 pounds Sulphur
° “ ‘ The Best ’ Bak. Powder “
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
for $1.00
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC-
44
1.00
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tr Visita Shaw ville every Saturday.
u
1.10
25c
CEO.C. WRIGHT, K.C.
<4
25c
¦M <65
2
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
25c
196 Main St. - Hull.
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
REMEMBER THE DATES
JANUARY 15th to 20th
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
When the World le Full.
The mean decennial rate of Increase I In the population of the world Is 8 per cent, and at this rate the 28.000.000 square miles comprising the fertile regions of the earth, which Rarenstein computed can only support 207 persons per square mile, will bare their moil mum population of 5.994,000,000 persons In the year 2072. This estimate allows fourteen persons per square mile In the 18.000,000 square miles of steppes [and deserts.
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, may homestead & quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lands Agency or SubAgency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not Sub Agency), tain conditions.
Duties—Six months residence
TO INVESTORS
Will be in Fort Cou longe every Wed net'iay and Shawville every Saturday.
on cer
and cultivation of the land in each of j throe years. A homesteader may live j within nine miles of his homestead farm of at least 80 acres, on certain dirions. A habitable house is required except where residence is performed in the vicinity.
Live stock may l»e substituted for cultivation under certain condition».
In certain districts a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead. Price •0
Duties—Six months residence in each of three years after earning homestead | patent ; also 60 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may be obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased home stead in certain districts. Price #3.00 per acre.
• Duties—Must reside six months each of three yean, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth #300.
W. W. CORY,
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior.
S. R.- Unauthorised publication of this advertisement will not be paid for
GEORGE HYNES
HOSE WHO. FROM TIME TO TIME, HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT MAY PURCHASE
AT PAR
on a
| Crookedest Railroad In the World.
1 l P California's Tn ms I pa is runs the Toukctlest railroad In tbe world. Of j (be eight miles of track tbe longest tangent la but 413 feet In one notable instance tbe road makes five complete loop* and ties two complete bow knots +o attain an deration of ninety feet Tbe end of tbe line Is about half a mile higher than the starting point and there is not one particularly steep trade In tbe entire system.
con
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Parsanal attention.Openall hours.
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
i
IN SUMS OF $SOO OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF.
UNDERTAKING *"d EMBALMING
acre
Principal repayable let October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at •ny chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
Painfully Frank.
(to departing guest)-Mast you go eo eerly. Mr. Blank ? Rlank-I m very sorry that I must leave, lira. Part. Tbe fact la, not expecting to here such a pleasant time thle evening, I made another engagement"— Boston Transcript
HAYES dfc FINDLAY
•HAWVILLI
Dost
Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued Interest, aa the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Proceeds of this stock are for war purposes only.
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and stock brokers on allotments made in respect of applications for this stock which bear their
(opposite J. H Shaw's^
All culls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
J. V. FINDLAY
Worse Still.
MD«d Mr. Jobblesa pay bis billr "Tea, sir." answered tbe collecter, “but bo ma
"Urn! Don’t let that trouble you,
It’s tbe fellow who Jpllows and pey that we should w
m Age nera Id.
For application forme apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. OTTAWA,
OCTOBER ira.
In all countries A «Ac far our INVBN-
n
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
m
###PAGE###6###
X
%
MARKING GRAVES
OF DEAD HEROES
grave, at the foot of Its wooden cross, there is still stuck in the earth, neck downward, the bottle in which the first hasty record of the internment was placed.
::ïv:	::t r f:r T& s	¦ -» « —
svîus, ae «ïsl:*	™ °' "" n~“~ - n =r„r ±,pipa ““¦* - •
I keeping L .11 eii.ee ,-k.ee, ef L":	eT.im'l.S'kS ££* Ï'mÎIÏ «T' e.^tVSnSd"ZïXÎJoï
the war, order has come at last in fell in at the rear of the procession. £ed out lie has prophesied about ' eion at Shorncliff’e, which Is well The United Statee coast guard In «enr^Barby, Le Journal'# (Parle) tW care of the dead. Where all was As the chaplain was reading "dust Kgypt, about the Caucasus, about known to the people of Canada; the 1915 «aved 1 507 lives	«pedal corerepondent In Rumania,
Lr^'r, s s. Btituh z: zp'TiiS'zri=7. ï»* fr ;r: z cc.,. ! %	I	1“:™^.,';
isppi ,sssmmmp
qirr7-7-,b- -- ™e<!hhebr"*ges ££•*iîte-tss	Lz%r rvisr ss nrcsrasr rn
At the beginning of the war men Some of |ht, Miracle» Performed to % ', p“,.nti”‘c. out thut th!'s* The average person in Canada does1 schools.	there on October 6, accompanied by
.,,,rhoth%%%K	"Very^reC
from this to a mile and a half and to wa,t “until the time comes,” and	 *	\fl*	m pfJ”a.p8» 1*1 8 m?n,greJ The prefect of police having asked
two miles Each one of the Verdun that then "the western front will as-	tiA 1 * LES IN AIR.	f1** of th® ^eftr ^ast* hut explained if any other caecg were hidden, Mar-
bridges, therefore, instead of being a sume »n entirely different shape." It	- *N the fact that arge numbers of cua went to the end of the court and
flimsy structure of « few hundred feet is safv soothsaying with which all of Avlator I>€a<L Hut Plane Sailed On As Spanish Jews, exiled some centuries dug up a Bmalj wooden box covered in length, is obliged to span the on- us niay agree.	Vsual.	I , rvfugc Athe™ and . caPj*j with paper and bearing the seal of the
¦MB
• nd^some'hare bccn'kilM aï^therl CAPTl RE DYE TRADE.	him to write what he sees.' ' TRANSPORTATION ROMANCE by • number of small industries, turn- ..fi*/,0 did nolïnïw whl^t'he^con*
woundJd	h	••	- they declared. ‘We are glad that he „ , f. F .-:	„ k| .	; mg to account bits of stone or wood talned. He buried them on the' order
»nti*h l)ye Makers Reap Harvest ' «me to our feast, for he can give *	' e*' p-""""-vring Problems Are or enemy cartridge cases and spent 0f the assistant military attache, who
Graves Identified.	I	From War	London	a good report of us.'	Mastered.	bullets in ingenious trifles for use or placed them with his own hands in
5p~HS 2*SisSS ÉSvir— ISSWSFsSSvHta”
¦IliBSe*9
st Fe.tab.rt lie, some Indian «l.liers appearance for the flu ordinary ,	ÎTlïï*9* tb* If1
ha>e followed the custom of their shares, which at the outbreak of war	k "Is??'
country and built brick tomb# of ex-1 stood at a very low figure, and. in	** ***** «fcuik . I askod Sir
fraordinary maesivenese.	deed, were practically unsaleable
I>ied at Vlmy Ridge	now <luote<l in Manchester
¦ ¦	eeiw!
HVN PROPHET HEDGES
CANADIAN VAMPS GROWING
ITEMS OF INTEREST
MICROBE PLOTTING LAID TO GERMANS
Major Mora ht. Military Expert, Busy Spreading All ('hanging Viewpoints
Over England—Won derful Organization.
Readable Paragraphs About a Little
of Everything.
SYSTEM SOLVES PROBLEM AND RELIEVES BEREAVED.
PLANS TO POISON RUMANIAN
CATTLE.
Last Resting Places of British Soldiers Who Have Fallen on the Battlefields.
Bottles of Deadly Germs Found
Burled In Yard In BucharaesL
a
i
Many Low Crosses
cross of the Germans, the "Hier ruht In Ciutl" and a name painted white on a dark background; the beaded wire V i t-nth of the French with its Requiescat or “Mort pour la France,” and the plain lined cross of the English. white or light brown, or just un-pa in ted wood, "In loving memory," of one or more officers and men.
ing Inscription In French: “By courier
toff
Under the
as
I
Anthrax and Glanders
to the
an
Wi
ar
?
FOOD SHORT IN HOLLAND
The bodie
He Was Short.
Early one evening a frail little girl 1 ntered a candy store end asked fov A curious possible soprce of viles	a cake of	chocolate. After	she	had
In unronsidered waste Is revealed by	the candy	she pet four pennlee on	the
a British chemist's thought that to- counter and started out.
The storekeeper, Hi ought averse to potash He estimates that the ash of frightening the little thing, called • cigar contains 6.5 grains of potash;	after her, In a gentle voice:
that of a cigarette 1.7S grains, and	"You're	a peny short"
that of an ordinary pipe of tobacco 1.6 grains.
Possible Value
The Critic—Intensely so. greet many of ua actually went to Bleep while it was on
Why, a
Reginald.
_ * ‘One of the Mahdi'a eon*," he
bscco ash contains 20
cent, of
an
Financial.
He—How did you come out financially with your entertainment for the Old Ladies’ Home?
at <76 lwered "
At YiHere aux Bole the French bur

ini 2,f>00 of those who were killed in

Russia is over forty times the sise of Germany.

###PAGE###7###
/
or *11 of their export trade from their Canadian factories under present or revised tariffs of various countries. Industrial commissioners through-
DEVONPORT ONCE VERY UNPOPULAR
Putting Punch in Preparedness is not
TRAPPERS!
Send i^our j
RAWFURS
HUM SPY SYSTEM BLOCKED
giL LETTS lyp
IN CAN^o^
For making
iy Far soften* fr Ing water.
Far removing Mint.
Far dlalnfaatlng refrigerators,
• Inha, elaaata, draina and far 500
a qucs-
tion Of guns and shells alone | out C.n.d« .re receiving numerous it 13 a question of men—¦ inquiries in connection with sites in and you have to build men their Industrial districts from United
out of food Be nrmnreri I State* firm8 contemplatng the estab-1 WORKINGMEN PRAYED GOD TO .s	...	.	” P a lishment of a new industry here. The
ior the critical moments outstanding feature in connection
in life by eating Shredded ! witlvthc inquiries of these United
SffÆsg: mB"5HF3i°~ " - -—-
cle-building material with I Probably 00 per cent, of the corre
hisguised German Desperadoes Sent
to England.
That spies of Germany have been very active among us for the past ten years cannot be denied, but in this, the third year of war, Great Britain may certainly congratulate herself upon the possession of a very adequate and effective system of counter-espionage and, indeed, upon having secured a veritable stranglehold upon the enemy’s spies, writes Wm. LeQueux in the Weekly Scotsman.
loJOHN HALLAM
STRIKE HIM DEAD
¦¦¦¦
•fflHnpn
You may admire him, or you may	btrtr* the Internationa, . tores (gro-	They gave us the clue to the exiit-
dread him. But you can scarcely be	f*rs »hopm all over the country). At	ence of a very remarkable state of
unaware of him.	the preFvnt 1 , s® storles number be- affairs, and revealed the identity
Four years ago Lord	Devonport’s	tvvpen	tAO »nf	* rie	U/J re^‘	onIy *he spies amongst us, but
name was anathema	to a	large sec-	Hh1	Art,ve	*'***•	a,ao "bowed that German military
A PAIKF HP FNhirPSLTlnN	Ition of the British working classes.	That, in briefest outline, is the	desperadoes had been despatched to
n	lir inUKllOIIUil	So also was that of Lord Rhondda,	*tory of Hudson Kearley's successful	England in humble guises, but with
Cost of Fifty Branch Plants Estimated	- .	'also a member of the present Gov- business career. To-day Lord Devon-1 "pecial instructions to carry on cer-
at $15,000,000.	Perm le Whn	1 ernment, as president of the Local port, Peer of the Realm, landowner,tain sinister work, quite distinct
1 pie	>vn° 1 omplam	<)i	I nl8	Government Board.	In	all great	and millionaire, declares that there is, from espionage. These Huns were	A	Poor Excuse
JTf srxsr sss Tr™bk	A"Th™	:	as:æ	jrz	rzsstsJutr-îs
corporaUons have opened branch cs-	Blooded.	quintessence of the employing type. For h* attributes hi* success to his deadly blows with explosives and "That's so" replied the boss7"and
as js	XX	- %% - ¦ -—-
ssn£asn25^S IS2 ' s EvE:HiLF£2j	£x:	¦ ~ ¦—-¦—
and ÏSaJSSÏÏ* 3?. Thom.?,	rented "oevonpon in, —-*• —« — «phta^u.
£ sssrby -rin-
smsgigeai IT1	=
ssasss
Rfia
zxrtt-ssvzszt “!£&üi£2,,zs;%ï’- mjtâtÊimÆm fa«ms	z «•—-	^ «-
SSCtfaXS •£! ¦HBPnE w... am^ r, »»*««•* ummm CO. tm
bile varnishes, belting, store counters, ! help mo. Th< n I went to a doctor	'
explosives, pulp and paper, sewing who gave me some powders, but they machines, nlexite and other abrasives seemed actually to make me worse in-and electric furnace products, grain stead of better. This went on for and elevator machinery, silk and nearly two months and by that time rhamoisette gloves, refined nickel, and my stomach was in such a weak state cottonseed oil products.	that I could not keep down a drink of
The total of American investments water, and 1 was wasted to a skeleton in Canada, according to The Monetary and felt that life was not worth liv-
fimes of Toronto, is $978,000,000, of inK* 1 was not married at this time -	- __	, attention during the past year. The
which $160,000,000 represents the an(* one Sunday evening on the way onport in 1912 Ben Tillet the <2n ex^ent an<* magnitude of the work of
—-
%t._fbu.i...a. x.l:a^hra cr
snv inch	. °f	---*-- ; man living knows better than he how, ment will announce its general
T.‘	-	b e	tanff	legislation. JAP KNIT GOODS HIT HARD. to make a great business succeed. It	scheme. An examining committee
•# I Sre n°W ,	•	P°*Itlon	  was no successful, sensational specu-	will select the prospective farmers.
f ,k * rC °Ün rang< , 4 the j,8 Britain sa Ban on Importa Effect* a Iation that built up his enormous for- There will be inspectors and advisors
s cl z i	«—« •— **-.•	|	stVTndjrvz
Great Britain's war ban on importa- heart, and a clear, capable head tion of knitted goods will probably that in seven years raised him from	I* allowed to a settler and under the
prove to be a great blow to the Jap- a lad of seventeen in service at a tea	assisted colonization scheme as much
anese knitting industry. During the dealers at $f> a week to a successful ;	as 320 acres may be allowed. The
ten months ending October 31 the man of business earning $16,000 a	terms of payment for the land are
I total value of this line of goods ex- ! year by the time he was twenty-four. ] very easy ported to Great Britain reached $9,-1 To-day, at the age of sixty, his in-000,000. In addition, contracts enter- come is estimated at anything heed into call for delivery of additional tween $600,000 and $ 1,000,000. goods up to next June, amounting to The son of a small farmer,
$0,000,000 wÊÈÈÊÊÊÊStL' ~	¦ ¦' wtÊBÊÊÊÊKKÊKM
Exporters have held conferences tea business in all its various ramifl-1	In	the	recently	published Govern
urging the Japanese Government to cations at two different tea dealers, ment	scheme for a	British trade bank #
strive for the rescinding of the or- at the age of twenty founded a tea occurred the phrase: “It is fair to as der. It is claimed that the order is Arm of his own without not a friendly measure of an allied nation and that it will injure the friendship between the two countries.
It is also feared here that similar bans will affect other lines of Japanese manufecture.
The immediate effort of the British order will be the suspension of many factories and the throwing out of employment of thousands of workmen.
As a result of the Japanese representations the British Government has announced that the enforcement of the prohibition order would be postponed until January 1. The press is expressing hope that the authorities will further be persuaded to take into consideration the situation facing the manufacturers and workers in Japan and see whether there is not some way of permanently modifying
*2.
a Remarkable Accom-
FREE
pllshmcnt
Ml
the least tax on the dices- ' "P°ndents desire no publicity regard-
SK3R.IS
i
^TJI
I
*

phonographs presses, pulleys, razors, shoes, scales, typewriters, cases, tobacco, &c.
hardware, pickles,
rubbers, watch
When Your Eyes Need Care
mis
Made in Canada.
not
MILLIONS TO CANADA
me fob sale
T>ROFIT-ilAKINO NEWS AND JOB JL Oflloes for «al» In good Ontario towns. The moat useful and interest! of all busineaaaa. Full information application to Wilson Publishing Co peny. 78 West Adelaide F»reet. T<
%
so that the total investment of the 600 concerns must at least amount to $160,000,000.
oronto.
Didn't Feast Him
Artificial Teeth Bought
“I was
1 beg your
Send us your old false teeth,
1 We remit Best return mall.
plates and gold cash \slue bv r
Gold & Platinum Refining Co.,
24 Adelaide St. West, Toronto
e
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
take notice
Milled free to any iddre— by the Author
R CUT CLOVER CO., Inc. 118 Weal 31ft Street, New York
kmriu'i
Pteattc Dof Re

The Sou! of a Piano is the Action, insist on the
“ OTTO HIGELi* PIANO ACTION
3
The deci tion of Lord Shaughnesay to provide, through the department of Natural Resources of the C. P. R , farm homes for many of the returned soldiers, is a further proof of his ,	,
desire that those who take part in the ,rella» low Tor protection HH
war will have recognition of their tljrn,ng thp c°rner "^arply the point
services. This subject received much °'ie uml,T*ella -strU(‘k a passerby in
the forehead.
His Weather Eye?
Two ladies were hurrying down the street in the rain, carrying their

RAW FURS
In
It will pay yon to ship all yoar fur to a reliable hone#, where you can get full market value Ask for our price list and shipping Instructions.
Lord IJevonport
“Goodness!” gasped the woman “I’ll keep an eye out in the future.”
“Goodness!” exclaimed the man, “you nearly had one out in the present.H
EDWARD POLIAK & CO

Mlnard'e Liniment Curse Die temper.
Properly Charged.
Two women were discussing their marital troubles, when one asked, “By the way, what is your husband doing now 7”
HIRAM JOHNSON
LIMITED.
410 ST. PAI L STREET W MONTREAL
Established over 3D years as
1»
Raw Fur Dealers
Write us for price list.
Send us your furs and get the highest market price.
Mlnard’e Liniment Cures Colds. Etc
The real knocker doesn’t drop his r hammer the moment the whistle blows

A Home Billiard Table


proved farm scheme 160 acres may
t"
WU1 provide you and your family with the finest form of Indoor recreation during the long winter even Inga.
Our Famous Mai eonette Tmbta
Is mad«f specially for the home at a reasonable price "
Caeh or ou term*

Why Wait
l


*
Mr. Tea or Coffee Drinker, till heart, nerves, or stomach 44 give way? "
WOMEN AS BANKERS
Are Meet Successful, Say London
Women.
¦¦¦roung Hudson Kearley having learnt the
aummouGMes a watt9, 1 a
)
Makers to H. M the King
The sure, easy way to keep out of tea and coffee^iroubles is to use the pure food-drink—
sume that women will in future take a share in purely clerical work. The Federation of Women Workera, however, thinks they should not be confined to clerical work, and brings out the1 4 following facta:
A woman has been appointed manager of a branch of the London City and Midland Bank.
Other* are being trained for similar Sloan's Liniment is so easy to apply P°et s	«	rubbing at all, il sinks right in and ht es
At the exams, following the Gil- #h* pain. Cleaner than mossy plasters and hart lectures on hanking at King’s ointments. Try it for gout, lumbago.
College four of the 22 candidate.
gaming over 80 per cent, of marks y d u|gm. 2Sc. 50c. sad |L
any em
Vjf t «N 4	<	*’&&*** A #**
CHOSŒ-FRICNDS
i "A*	n.Tv-a.1
Rheumatism ^ >^&€’ *
Is My Weather Prophet
can tell stormy weather days off by the twinges in my shoulders and knees. But here's an
drives out lhe pains P

i
Y~ DODDS
fKIDNEY
PULS 4
POSTUM

old friend that
/

A frétera el snl Internees society As!
w..h
eretssS# Its memkppe l.i sc OntsHe Cotcnwnnl 5lsi fsssrtl t>#j.e»..t •*. i.easL

letter quit ten and coffee now, while you nre feeling good, and
try Port uni, the popular Canadian beverage.

Authorized *• skills

13
• fk
i
Sloan's
Liniment
It there 'ess iseel	•	, c- Tt . 4t
Imyss, ittHtf. apply dteect Is wyr ftslesMSg ii<n
n.
One, Misa Rosa Kingston, of the head office of the London and South Western Bank, gained the first place
J
“ There’s a Reastf i”
la*


iner, Sir John I t
ONTAgfO
/r/L l s RA/n

ED. 7.
1881 E 1—’17
gained prises or certificates

###PAGE###8###
STRATAGEMS OF WAR.
*n »
When you want the best value for youi
. money In
OTTAWA
Clever Trleke by Whleh Twe Chiles* Warships Were Sunk.
Between the ye*re 1879 and 1884 the republics of Peru and Chile were at war, and, although the Peruviana were eventually discomfited, they displayed great adroitness In naval matters. On one occasion they succeeded in sinking two Chilean warships, their clever strategy being thus described by Stephen Coleridge in his memoirs:
“Soon after the Chilean fleet bad settled down to the blockade of Callao there appeared In the boy one morning a large barge of fruit that bad obviously gone adrift from the shore. The Peruvians put out tu boa ta and steam
to bring the barge back, and the Chileans, seeing what was happening, also sent out pinnaces and boat» to Intercept and capture the drifting barge. A fierce fusillade between the hostile boat* followed, and several men were killed or wounded. At length the Peruvians drew off and left the barge In the hands of tbs triumphant Chile-who towed it off amid the cheers of their ships' crews, who had watched the fight with keen interest “They brought the barge alongside one of the big men of-war and quickly •ent the cargo of luscious fresh fruit up the aide In basket» When about half the cargo bad been taken on " a terrific explosion shook the bay, and an enormous hole appesred In the side of the greet ship which sank instantly with oil hands. By an arrangement of springs and balances a fruge charge of dynamite in the bottom of the barge ignited when a certain amount of the weight of the cargo was removed. Although the Peruvians t ad waged the fight for the possession of the barge with fierce persistence, tley had never Intended to be successful "A few weeks later a Thrge man-of-war was sent up the co*Ct to capture anything worth having at Uuacho. On the appearance of the vessel the inhabitants drew their boa's far inland and. taking all their valuables, fled Into the interior. One boat, a new one, larger than the o:hers. they hauled sonic little way up the bitch and then abandoned.
“After pillaging ttie plfrc the Chileans looked at the h>at vtiieh was entirely empty. Tho Péririons had resails. nast 2nd even the
• #
Tie Slanille BE ni Site Sure
SHINGLES
at $1.60 per M and up
Also Lathe, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring Knd Matched Hardwood Floor ing. Mouldings Doors eto try
A. F. CAMPBELL.
KOI 55
WINTER FAIR
EIGHT-DAY
Bargain Sale.
Arnprior, Ont
Howie Hall, Ottawa
January 16, 17, 18, 19, 1917. $16,000.00 Cash Prizes |
Large List of Poultry Specials	"
Entries close January 6th.
Single Fare Rates on all Railroads
THE MARKETS
SHAWVIILB

Flour per barrel f lO.fO Wheat, pel bushel, $1.35 to 1.50. Oats,per bushel. 50c.
Beans per bushel, $6.00.
Butter tubs, prlntsand rolls 35c Potatoes per bag. 1.50c.
Eggs peril oxen 40c,
Wool, washed. 48c.
Hides per 100 lbs. 15.00 Pelts 1.00 to 1.50 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.25 Veal Skins, each 90c Chickens from 15 to 21c.
Fowl from 121 to 16c.
Geese 15c,
Ducks 15c.
Turkeys 22 to 26c.
11—aces
We have some Broken Lines of Stock in
r
!
Men’s, Women’s, Children’s Footwear,
ans
which we will sell at reduced prices
for Eight Days only Jan. 12 to 20th inclusive.
For Prize List and Information apply to Secy.
rd

W. 0. JACKSON,
WM. SMITH, M. P„
Bull. Astray.
Secretary, Ottawa, Ont
President, Columbus, Ont.
St ray t«l from the premises of the designed on the 13th range of Onslow, during the \*isi harvest lime, a red and white hull, 1A years old. Information that will lead to hi* recovery will be thankfully received by
un
As this is likely to be the last sale of Boots while present prices prevail, make it point to see our bargain tables.
was
a
JAMES O. YOUNG, II. K. No. 3, Quyoiiw<juc
HAY WANTED
NOTICE
Re. Annual Meeting
P. E. SMILEY.
I am prepared to buy any quantity of good, well-saved Pressed Hay, delivered at Shawville, or other convenient points on rail-
Highest market price paid.
The Shareholder* of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. Ltd., are requested to note that as at present it would appear that the audit may not be complete for January 15th. The Annual Meeting will he la W alniut ten days later. Stockholders will receive notice of date
Cache Bay
Local and District.
Mr. A. Horner spent Christmas with
g	. Mi-. A Horner, her danghlei Etu,
Friday last handed out the second uni| son Harvey «pent New Year’s in heavy snowfall ot the season, ^-ort^ j^y a{ the home <»f Mrs. U
giving plenty and to spare tor a Somerville. They enjoyed meeting a
The Xmas tree entertainment at child, Stella. In the afternoon a friend CharteVison Dec. 20th was a sue- „f Mrs. Vonoly took them all out in his cess. the sum of $22.50 being re- CAr After returning they enioyed a alized. Rev. Mr. Getlyc s illustrât- )lv.,rty supper. Com. ed lecture», both at Charter!* and Greer Monet were well attended and much appreciated.
moved oars
rowlock*. The Chilean* looked it over to be sure that then was no dynamite In it nml then towtd It away to their vessel. The captain had the davits run out and ropes pot round the seats at the bow and tbc srern. Then bo ordered bis men to haul away.
“It was the last order lie ever gave, f<* the moment the ror-es tightened the ship was blown to pieces and disarranged to Ignite wher any upward in Hynes’ Hall, in the Municipality ot the Village of “hnw \ i t , force iras applied w an.» of the seats. Wednesday, the seventeenth day of the month of January, 1917, at
• The Inhabitants of the town, who olie (/dock in the afternoon, for the pur|)ose of electing Directors in had matched their stnrtjigem destny u great man-of-war without the smallest risk to themselves, returned hllarl- .	—
ously to their hous's with songs and | min t ecu hundred and seventeen dances
H. W. HODGINS,
Secretary
way.
WANTED NOW
G. A. HOWARD.
A reliable agent in your home district during full and winter months to sell fruit trees, ornamental trees, flower 1 ng S.liruhs. ro>rs. »‘tc. t >oo<I pay w eekly.
Outfit free
We have over 600 acres
of the finest varieties of fruit and ornamental tr.es. including new varieties of apple# which we control. Reliable trees only sold. Established 35 years. Write to
PELIIAM NURSERY CO Toronto.
PUBLIC NOTICE.
Exclusive territory
Chrismas Exams.
District Schools
Walter Rimer of
order to form a Hoard of Directors of that Society.
at Shaw ville this eighth day of the month of January,
Mr. and MrsJ #
Bryson, celebrated their golden wedding ou New A ears Day, receiving oil that m ted occasion the congratulations and well wishes ot many friends. Mr. Rimer has held Oirngan, t-lie position of registrar ot the Hodgina, Edwin County for M years. He was Hi y- Rr^ckctt, Hawley Elliott.
Min’s first mayor, being chosen to <ira(|v \\-Wendell Wilson, Wall fill that office iu 1ST:?, and he has Wilson, Lillian Dagg, Norma Hotlgin», occupied the seat at the head ^(|a Wilson, Wilson Harbor, Hamid the council for many terras since ^y:|8on
then. His municipal services also (]^ jn Kna El|lotlf jVulah Wil
srttî* isr,r»?*i .............................
dnnghU-r of the^lHte Dr. I "rvU <»f	Jl) _Muricl H.ye*
Portage du P«u t.	„km1i. \ Willard Elliott
|> N irvai Wilson, Marion Fraser
Large Entry for Winter Fair. Wiimifrvd Wilson
(iiven
iSvHiHiL No. Ci.arknihin
Grade VI Thomas Sheppard, Elvyn
Milhurn
Eddie
R. W. HODGINS,
Secretary
P. S.—A meeting of the Directors of the above Society will be held in the office ot the Secretary at 10.30, a. m., same date.
ZEPPELIN AIR CRAFT.
WM. HODGINS, M. L. A.,
President
M ildml Wilson.
Alvxandvi
Sun Orukk# me##.
To become suu drunk Is a condition into which any one fin y fall In the tropics. Exposure to tlie sun's rays will reduce o man to n condition almost exactly resembling driuikeuuess. .	¦
Ife staggers about and 1» usually coin- j	I
lulled to lie down anj “sleep It off/' I I I I M E# I Q	O I
Sun drunken m^s !# efim times nceom- 11111	111	KjQ| # m
pa n led by nnutea. Another curious | V III	ly%	w
fact lu connection with life In the trop- | lc#. where the sun riSbs at the sfime time all the year roan.I, li that if you do not get up before su’irise you do uot feel well all day. You feci heavy, out of sorts and slcklah.
Aluminum Girders end Hoop# Line These Monster Balloons.
id
The technical details In the construction of Zeppelin air craft are explained In n Journal named the Aeroplane. The visible exterior part of the Zeppelin Is merely the cloth or fabric covering of the framework, which consista of sixteen girders made of very thin
The girders run from end
aluminum
to end of the ship, parallel for most of their length and turning Inward to
11 utKNKxs I meet one another at nose and tall.
the history of the Show. The School No. 4, ( labkndon. . To keep those longitudinal girders, entries in all department* are up (^adc VI -Sarah Hodgina, Edgar or •‘stringers.” In position there are to the mark of previous year* and ]>rap(.ri	tbwartsbip girders, which run like
in some c*Hwos exceed nil previous Grade V- I^awrvnco Wilson and hoops around the ship and net like the records. Horae* will be exception- jjowarj Harmvr equal, I»ttio McDo- rib* of a boat There arc generally ally strong, with a much larger wcj| [tu|,y Mee, Grace Hodgina, Horace about eighteen hoop girders, spaced an entry than in 191b. There is a re- |j(Mj ir|1. f^ttie Wilson.	equal distance, one from another, and
cord entry in dairy cattle for the (jr ade [V ||vnry Hodgina, Net a they are braced across and across In-
ÜËÜÊ üSçdil^
4‘a un da for some time. Farmers Brimer II -Irene Hodgins Nina II«h1- teen sides.	.
interested in ditirying cannot nf- gi„.,, Inez Hodgina, KaiUy H<klgiiut lo eavb ol theH coropartmeu	Montre.!'. CMh.c'r.l.
ford to mis* seeing this retold ex- Minnie <Vrri*»n, Lm.lsay Kilgonr, gae ba «	1 ° " .hn J.Dri ng, a The great land mart la Montreal la
mm wm
thrown overboard.—I.ondon Btandara ^ ^ |h# ,arj,Mt euepended bed, 1»
the world and weighs 2-1.780 pounds.
Wesley
is in full swing this week
Ending Saturday January 13th.
Complicated, but Easy.
"IIow do you get your husband to do what he doesn't want to do when yo* want him to do 117''
"That's easy over something be Ufs already done which I didn't want b'm to do or I remind him of so met Mr g which I have done which ho wanted me to do and I didn't want to do and soon he Is doing what I want him to <h> joal as though he had wanted to do it ell along."-
in
I make a big fuse
a few days reiqain
Only
hibit of dairy cattle.
Entries are also exceptionally .........
good in the sheep anil swine de caret M pertinente and the poultry show will be euual to the record set last | year when over 4000 birds were ex-1 —— hi hi ted.
An excellent lecture programme has also been arranged for.
Do not allow an opportunity such as this to pass without taking advantage.
FOR SALE
I Deering Hay Loader,
1 Hay Tedder,
1 Frost A Wood Binder,
1 Deering 13-disk Drill (new),
1 M. H. 14 disk Harrow,
1 Ptercival Walking Plow, No. 1, l Royal Favorite Cook Stove,
1 McClary ' Famous ' Coal Stove |
A quantity of Building Timber, TxU
inches, 12 feet long.
All will be sold cheap for a quick
A. P. SMITH.
H. R. No. 1, Maryland, <jm

The beet part of our knowledge *# Jiat which teaches ue where knowledge leave# off and Ignorance begl Uulmea.
Public Notice.
A Lightning Flash.
A flash of lightning lights up the
round for one millionth of n second,
_	, vet it seems to ue to last ever so much
Pstlence, peraUienr. end Power l»; | r Wbet	ta ,hal tbe lm-
lo a« only acquired by work-Hok | lrrsslon rrœa!n, m. retina of tba
%ye for about one-eighth of n second or 124.000 times longer than tbe flash
1 hereby give notice to all parties in teres ted that I will he at the Britzlaff Hotel, Ladysmith, on Monday and Saturday of wh week, until further notice, for the purpose of receiving taxes, and transacting other munici;*! business.
THOS. J. McKKK,
ai-d
Full value for every cent
This sale Is
Ontario I# Onerous
sale
Sec.-Treasurer, Tp. Thorne
este.
For the second time since the war started Hon. T. W. McOarry, Provincial Treasurer, Is able to announce that tbe collections for tbe British Red Cross Society lo Ontario are ahead of those from any other portion fol the Empire Ontario sent $1,660,000 a sum greater than that received from all other parts of the Empire. This year, while the retenu are not all complete, It la expected that Ontario will send $2,000.000 to help carry on this splendid work, and Information so far available Indicates that Ontario la again In the enviable post-
Invested, no fake, but a reality.
Unsolved Mystery.
"Fa everybody knows Methuselah wee tbe oldest man, don't they7*
Lady smith, Jan. 4, 1917
Notice of Meeting
The Animal General Meeting of the Pontiac Wool Growers’ Association will be held at Shawville on Friday, January
12tb, all p. m., in Mr. Hynes Hall As this will be one of the moat import ant meeting* that the Association has held, any one who is at all intciv*tc»[ L sheep should be th
H H WALSH,
Articles for Sale
Yea my eon "
"Then who knows who wae the old-
sway
Last year
Tbe following articles are offered for sale at a bargain ;
Post Office Equipment, consisting of 60 lock boxes and 160 call boxes. Will
liens if dtaiiud. medium six
wt women?"
"Nobody, my eon; nobody "-Balt*-

ARCHIE DOVER
be sold in 1 Taylor Ha
repair.	.
I small Quebec Healer with pipe*. Apply at the Post Office Shawville
ROOT. HOBBS.
Cruel.
Clara—He any# be think# I'm the elruet girl In town Shall 1 ask him to
in grind


C. H. HODGE,
* thinking
