###PAGE###1###
.$1.00 A YEA B IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, FEB. 1Ü, 1917
No. 34, 34th Year.
I THE HARDWARE STORE S
The Bank of Ottawa
Tlie Merchants Banh of Canada
ESTABLISHED 1814.
Head Office: Ottawa, Canada.
S 4,000,000 4,808,170 55,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS î
PRESIDENT .. Sib li. Montagu Allas VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkbden GEN. MANAGER	D.C.Macakow
l iipital Paid Up
Heat and Undivided Profits -
Total Aasetd over
Pratt’s Food and Remedies
Beard of Director» i
87,000,000
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984 Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,.......... 108,956,996
• •
• #
• *
JOHN D. FRASER.
Vice-President
HON. GEORGE BRYSON.
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN, GEORGE BURN,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN.
D. M. FINNIE.
General Manager.
f
ALEX ANDER McLABEN, DENIS MURPHY.
HON. SIR GEORGE IL PERLBY K. C. WHITNEY.
There is none better - All at old prices.
217 Branches and Agencies In Canada NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTIONS.
How are YOU starting off the New Year ? By saving a little monthly from your income? If not. why not? Let 1918 find you with n hank balance, no matter how small. $1.00 starts it, then BUILD.
W. DVTHIK
Animal Regulator
Heave Cough and Cough Cure Condition Powders
Lice Killer, Worm Powders
Chief Inspector
.1. A. McLatciiie. Manager.
R. Lkgkr, Manager.
G. M. Colquhoun. Acting M srr.
Fokt Coulonoe Branch. Campbell* Bay Branch. Portage du Fort Branch
Healing Ointment, Bug Ointment Roup Remedy, Gape Remedy Diarrhoea Remedy
Veterinary Colie Cure Baby Chick Food
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Mm nie* are Very prevalent throughout the neighborhood.
Your family have been pleading with you for years. Why not have that family group made to-day ?
A big element of uncertainty im removed when you have a photograph made by If. Imihon, Photo Artist.
Wood — Anyone having hardwood to noil kindly write, phone or call at The KqvitY office this week.
Rev. Mr. Tripp will have charge of the service* at Wesley, Bristol and Y arm churches on Sunday next. '
The regular weekly work meeting of the Shawville 11. M. Club, ill be held at the home of Mrs. Andrew Hodgins on Thursday evening.
HENRY’S
“Canada's Best”
Bibby’s Calf Meal in stock.
H Imison, Photo Artist.
Remember the Seed Fair takes place on Friday of this week in Hynes' Hall.
A number of Morehead youn
people attended the hockey here Friday night.
Rev. Mr. White of Bristol was seriously hurt last week through a fall from the stable loft.
COWLING
J. H. SHAW.

Ottawa, Ont.
match
OTTAWA, ONT
Our instruction being individual you may start at any time.
We arc HEADQUARTERS for Short hand. Typewriting, Penmanship, Spell ]
ing. English, Correspondence. Ponctua | School by taking the SIX highest
tion. Paragraphing, 1 ranscriptiou, and i places in open competition with all Office Work.
Since January. 191 ti, more than 266 student* from other local colleges have joined our classes.
Students are assisted to positions.
More than 115 were placed during the past year—most of them in the Government. Send for circular.
*
ü
Has proved itself to be Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service

wi
business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl ings Advocate.
W. E. Go w lino. H. G. W. Braithwait President
Quite a number was in attendance at the annual meeting of the County Change lodge held here on Tuesday last.
Keep in mind that literary entertainment by the young people in the Methodist Church on Thursday evening of next week.
Mrs. XV. .1. Skelton, youngest daughter of the deceased, purchased the farm of the late Noble Armstrong, auctioned off here last Tuesday.
Omission—In the report of the Academy exams, published last week the name of Gussie Drapei wri- omitted from the list of Grade X pupils
second with 407 mat
Village thermometers varied
Forty persons were injured in a railway wreck on the C. P. R. between Montreal and Mont Laurier on Tuesday last, broken rail, a first and second class conch left the track ind ran down an embankment.
W. A. HODGINS
Owing to a
D. E. HENRY, Pkkmidknt. Cor. Bank and Spark* Sts
SHAWVILLE
Principal
The Murrell Homemakers Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Win. Cameron on Wednesday, Feb. 21st, at 7 o'clock, p. m. Program Production and Thrift-Miss A McClure ; Solo—Mrs. Win
Mrs. M. McGuire hot drink for a cold night
Amateurs : Now is the time to bring in your choice negatives and have enlargements made from them.
H. Imihon, Photo Artist.
FOR SALK - One mow of Clover Hay. Apply to R. XV. Hoi kilns.
HOUSEKEEPERS
WANTED — Wood in exchange for Straw. Apply to Mbs. R. Strutt. Shaw
A Food for the Soul-
Roll Cull - A
Births
ville
Including it* $10,000 share of the $100,€00 voted for Patriotic purrs nked poses by Renfrew County Council,
the town of Renfrew had up to Friday last, subscribed for this
....	.	...	_	.	. year's effort tlx sum of $55,(MX), or
onsidembly in their record of aix)Ut ten dollars per head of the Monday mornings cold dip, the |K„)lllati,m. To use a popular
' "H*'' (h,ltnK,m,,tU!, Ihey tell^of^ exP™8ion tW" » "tîoing some
below at Ladysmith and 88 below at Otter Lake on Sunday morning.
The Equity glm«s registered only d below on that date, but somehow it felt about 30 to the individual who was on the verge of a tussle with our common enemy La Grippe.
At Fimilater. Saak., on Feb. 3rd,-A WANTED—Tosmi to haul from Camp-to Mr. nnd Mrs. Archie G. Connelly.	%.%mp
a daugutt i.	bell- tia> i W w. Labii i b, XValt ham.
The Sewing Season
The
ppil
P
1
FOR SALE -One horse, weight 1150 lbs. ... ....	. „	rolor black. Also for suie, • quantity of
Rev. A. T Phillips, left Oil Mon- good " Filler " Seed Oats at75c. a bushel, day tor Montreal to attend Synod, i Charles A. Smilky, R. R. No. I. Slmw-
?Uie, Que.
FEBRUARY
low
Mr*. R. C. XVoodley visited
friends in Ottawa for a few day-last week.	LOST—On Monday between Shawville
_	, ..	...... „ , . .	» and Win. Cameron's, Clarendon, a Leath-
Mf. and Mrs. XV lllic licNhvr, or er >iUHic Koll, containing music. Finder
Meyroilnc, Sask , are here visiting please phone Vkha Camkhon, R. R. No. 2 relatives at present.	or leave at Pontiac House
Misa Ethel Smith visited friend* in Arnprior for a few days last week.
Mrs. Dave Brown, of Ma notick, is enjoying a visit with her sister,
Mrs. Thus. Shore in town.
BRISTOL
A little late, but pwribly a number might be interested to know that in spite of the terrific storm our double Christmas Tree Night was a great suc-For the white gifts tree over fifty dollars’ worth of goods and cash were sent to and gratefully acknowledged by the Ottawa Day Nursery. XVe have had the pleasure of a very interesting visit it the Nursery, 85 Albert street, and trust the grand work may prox|»er.
In addition to the above gift our S. Schools sent a Christmas donation to the Belgium Relief Fund of 629.75.
Bristol (Brick) S. 8. supports a native worker in India, under the Gwalior i*rcsbyterian Mission, and Knox sent a subscription to the Point Aux Trembles School.
This month is your slackest time of the whole year and all mothers naturally think of the children.
Dresses, Pinafores, Middles and Aprons
for the Girls.
Shirts, Blouses, Wash Shirts aqd Overalls
for the Boys.
CW
LOST—Between Anglican church and Mr*. Thom. Findlay», on Sunday evening, a gold brooch. Finder kindly return to MAh. Tho*. Findlay.
Makes Us Feel Envious
With the snow several feet deeper than there is any particular need for, the mercury at zero and below most of the time, and the wood pile almost at the vanishing point, it makes us envious to read the following in a letter from Mr. 1). 8. Morrison, of Claresholm, Alberta, dated Feby 5 "The weather out here is lovely ; hardly any snow at all. We have only had about a week of cold weather this winter. I am preparing seed for Spring work. All the stock are grazing out in the Belds.
FOR SALE - One frame house, summer kitchen, and woodshed combined on Patterson St.. Campbell» Bay, cloe»e to station —on easy terms. For farther particulars apply to James Rooney, Campbells Bay.
Miss Alva Turner has gone to Ottawa to take a course in a business college.
Capt. F. C. Smyth, of the 149th Batt, way a visitor to hi* wife and young 60n thi* week, arriving Thursday.
Mrs. Lionel Hod gins and son* Ebert and Bobbie, of Meyronne, Sask . arc guests of Mr. and Mrs. Harold Hodgiiis, Westview.
Mr. Thus Shore went to Montreal this week to attend the annual meeting of the Masonic Grand Lodge of Quebec.
Miss Myrtle Masson, of Smith's Falls, arrived Wednesday night last to visit her sister, Miss Jean Masson, and other friends in town.
The
FOR SALE-On Main St.. Shawville, brick dwelling, with store or office room in front. Outbuildings and good yard. Apply to Mrs. O. M. Donaldson, t13, 3rd Avenue, Ottawa.
The Annual Report for Bristol con
Twenty-with seven
We have opened up our first cases of
FOR SALE—Two comfortable dwelling houses, situated on King St., On easy terms. For information apply to Thk Bsivity.
gregation was one of progress one united with the Church, removals (four hy death).
Income from all sources for 1916
Spring- Goods
Collection*— Revenue
M isaions
61522
APPRENTICE WANTED—A smart intelligent boy to learn the jewellery
Must have
Our old reliable quality Light and Medium Shades 15c p. yd Blues, Navys and Blacks
Prints
Hockey Match
761
good reference*. Jeweller. Shaw
busines»
Apply to Hans Shade! aille. Que.
/CONCRETE CUL VERTS. PIPES AND ^ curbing* for well* *old at Work* Contract* made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipe* in their own localities. H. T McDowell & Son. Shawville Que.
The hockey match announced in Sunday School ............
our last issue to be held on the Women’s Mise. Societies....
local rink Friday evening, between Mission Band».........¦	-	- ti
(|iiyon and Shawville team*, came	Y. M. B. Class........... 25.	Mr John Findlay, of Braesido,
off on scheduled time before a	Social............... 128.	was in town last week, visiting his
fairly good sized audience, not-	Piano Fund............ 91.	father, Mr. George Findlay, who
withstanding that weather con-	Y. P. and 8. S. Bally. 25.	has been laid up with a very
ditions were pretty severe.	Belgian Fund............. 29	severe attack of la grippe.
The contest was between the	Gwalior Mission.......... 25.	Mr. W. F. Drum, manager of the
Shawville junior team, known as	Thank Offering (Missions)	.	85.	Merchants Bank, spent a few days
‘CysPets, shy two of last year *	River Desert. Manse	26.	in Montreal last week, returning
««¦ *r- *¦ —	%	1RK&5
^Al_,	¦«*¦*£=?-, ¦*«
The game consisted of three 15	____ and his cousin Ben Sturgeon,
minute sessions, and was bandied	T .	â-iono Stoughton, Sask., have beim visit
by 9. Kennedy of Quyon, with	. ,	, Ing friends in Osgood* and Chelae*
Oy Hodgins as judge of play.	1 otal gifts to mission# and beiievol- Mr. Sturgeon is visiting his par
The result was in favor of the cnce (exclusive of Day Nursery) $1183. ent* after an absence of 18 years in “Pets’1 by a score of 5-4, which An Every Person Canvass was sue- the great West, indicates that play was pretty vesslutiy carried out in December for leaving little chance for the Missions for 1017, when our congre crowing on either side.
Some very pretty combination work was displayed at times during the contest, the Pets ' having a shade over their opponents in this respect as well as in *tick handling
75
297
18
75
Kingcot Quality—fine even weaves, neat patterns, the best all-round light summer goods m < i
Ginghams
Lee Hodgins now Believed to Have been Killed.
The Equity of Dec. 21st, contained a short item stating that Pte Lee Hodgins. youngest son of the late David Hodpin* had been killed in action on Nov. 21st January Itli^tUtf intelligence was contradicted information received from a comrade at the front, to the effect that the young to be alive af following the official notification of his death as above stated, no further information has been received from the department of the boy’s fate. In letters received by Mr. Alex Hodgins from hi.* son Laurence, however, mention has been made more than ottos of Lee’s death, and at last the relatives here have come to the conclusion, that the first sad news leceived was true. Reconciled to this view, they have Intimated their desire to have a memorial service at St. Paul’s church on Sunday evening next—the 18th lost.
15c p. yd
Boys' Suitings, Women's Dresses, Girls’ Wear, the best wearing material made. Note while present stock lasts our price is
Galatea
of
On
on the strength of
20c p. yd
soldier warn known ter Nov. 18th, yet
, L .	_	. . ,	, In its three day* campaign last
gat tou M	asked	hy the	Presbyterian	week t|lc ty Qf Ottawa raised the
Church in	Canada	to give	$790 a* our	] magnificent tmiu of $623,000, or
share for 1917.	W. K. FI.	$12H,000 over the amount aimed
l . ¦ -	— —- "—¦	at, for the Patriotic Fund.
even
You will require New Curtains soon, ten new prices have
come in 20 to 35c.
Curtain Scrims
FOR SALE	People of Teutonic birth. - Ger-
mans, Austrians, Hungarians— 1 Chestnut Colt, 2 yrs. old, gelding and also Turks, are Mid to be 1 Black Colt, 1 jrr. old, gelding	making a great *craruble to become
1 Black mare Colt, 8 yrs. old	citizens of the Unitml States, by
I Holstein Bull (reg.)2 yrs. old	taking the oath of allegiance, to
1 Set Sloops, new, 1 j runner, rack. Uncle Sam before tho situation pole and shafts	becomes more serious. I’nder the
6 New Cutter*, sell on next year's latter circumstances, doubtless terms. Several other articles they consider it better to be a will sell cheap to clean up.	poor American than a good *<>mc-
J. L. HODGINS.	thing else.
Thk Lnrr Ur
Quyon
God M unroe Point A Kennedy C. Point B. Bradley Rover	A.	Martineau
ikon	theatre	V.	Kennedy
R. Wing	<’	Mnnroe
/. Kinmgnn	L Wing	D.	O'Donnell
Cy* Pets
(1. Hodgins
H. Rennick C. Cowan R. Findlay
W. A. HODGINS
K. H
A. Tariff
wm i* i - %

###PAGE###2###
stood so long. The old man had merely donned a domino over his evening dress and carried his mask in his hand; but Miss Penelope had had her elaborate dress copied from a picture of Lord Antony's wife, which hung in the Picture Gallery. The gown was composed of soft grey satin, over which hung a veil of gold chiffon embroidered with pearls. An embroidery of gold wheat-ears sown with aria decorated the bodice and the
satin train; this, togcthei Desirable I y pen of Butcher Animals, in the Kansas Industrialist, points out
Vrrelope an"!mportng "figure,‘even	The lectures given by Mr. Bell at the l^et H vareful grearing or painting of
that bevy of fair women and gorgeous recent Guelph Winter Pair on desir- pxPosed parts that are not remov--	].	able types of animals for slaughter n™e *s sufficient protection for
Immediately behind them came Ad- were well calculated to save much 8Uch an intricate and valuable machine rien un,I Lady Constance. The latter money to the farmers of the country »* * hinder. The canvasses of the
plexion were set off to advantage by traded added attention to his efforts *toiage, it cannot be counted a hard
lier gown, which, simple as it was, yet and there is little doubt that the proof s“ip^_Good paint for the wooden
showed by that very simplicity the (>f his contentions in concrete form ***** ^ ttn^ h,,ftvy grease for the work-hand of the mastty by whom it had ,lrovfl home his argument, when other- moU1 P"rt» of lhr machine are
wmM wmmm mmm
seaweed; while her only ornaments specially interesting, though in this of Providing and maintaining build-were pearls, the gifts of her guardian, case carcasses, corresponding to the	auited to the purpose. In sec-
¦Jlt was little wonder that Adrien had five animals shown, were not on ex- t,on8 of the C0l"ltry 8UCihi as the PraI;
At last the eventful night came. The been unable to express the admiration hibition However hogs of the same rie Provinces, where building material
amassa
aruirassr sazizartAzp* isms %FsttA&,!£ r	.....
Lady Const ince had the evidence of her s',unld,>’1 with the clatter and rattle of fully looked the part of the unhappy <arcls attached to the pens.	| 'Vzod “s th'best n^Bg of pLlote/'tl"*
own eyesight. He was compelled, the horses' hoofs and carriage wheels, monarch Thei e was a faint murmur Many a feeder of swine, who had them from the weather, ao why should
SSBSS kSSS	BMtuseB! A'Sr FF-	-
not only was the magnificence of the nnaie to represent the ballroom of Miss 1 vnelopv was in the seventh	Wiltshire nid* of hue on Mr wa*on £ets more abuse than does the ™ne a*®° w*ien a building is proud-
wsïSi’cs	r sr
any kind lent importance to the oc- been asked to keep to any period of W hat a magnificent sight, is it tin whole sole of the pig with the ex-
casion, and had roused society, both history or fashion, and therefore, it net. Adrien? ' she said excitedly. “I ception of the head, neck and shanks;	fnr v_ttr_ , _
in town and country, to the height of ua* the most incongruous crowd that	knee it would he a success; but really and a pig to give satisfactory results	h..	n
expectancy.	had ever gathered within the walls of	the dresses are wonderful. Then the hy thj8 pian must be nol too thick at	Wlnter weather ls no har,ler 0,1
Preparations were carried on apace. I Bar minster Castle. Never were mystery is so delightful. I can t re- any po,nt, 80 that all parts will cure I he whole Castle was to be lighted di etaes more regal or more magnifie- cognise anyone now under the masks. .
SVîrS ïïKÏÏMa'ïïS	ISlV, K, SiffX	*
to be manufactured by the masters of with plumed hats, and jewelled swords;	seemed to float hy them, so light were animal must have as little jowl as postheir craft, and approved of by her- Ci i sailers in glittering mail and silver	h"r movements, on the arm of a Bible, a short and slight neck and what
a Id ii authorities, in order that the nrmour. Alsace peasant girls mingl- Mephistophelean	is known as a funnel-shaped ham, so
' ight effect of the period, that of two ?d with Carmelite monks and Sicilian “That/' said Adrien, whose quick that very little weight will have to he hundred years back, might be main- nuns. Shakespeare's characters were v>€s readily pente rated the majority of scrappe<j
M.ri wR',h‘AL»b	^	» - ——
Throughout all this, and during the Jested together, their identity conceal many visits which Adrien found sary to make to Barm ins ter
That's it !
Clean and —Free from Dust
p
o\ 0
Q)/a
0
I

9
I

i
>
1
I
)
X


G

%

.Y»
Sealed Packets Only • Never in Bulk
Black—Mixed—Natural Green
even
gowns
K 212

THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
for
/BREADS 7CAKES
PUDDINGS
PASTRIES
1
,N

Or The Sunlight of Love
CHAPTER XXL—(Confd)
Greasing the mould
The only flour publicly and unreservedly guaranteed not bleat hed, not blended,
mind

ed
average ship at sen, yet the latter is given a coat of paint after nearly every voyage, while the former is leaving out in the fields under nothing%
I but a vital of paint and grease is recommended is not the kind of pla<% machinery than is Summer or Spring, I where fruit baskets or berry crates except for the freezing of parts to the j would be needed in the farm business.
The kind of farm for which the
To be economical to the pro
Phenomenal Strides Made By Canadian Northern Railway System In First Year As Transcontinental
/
___ ________ %tiV,t „lv „vlt t vwllvVrt,J His voice dropped slightly as he -P<1,nt8 lt 18 ,lt‘c*ssa,.v that the whole
ed beneath th.-n black velvet masks. >! -ku the name; for he had not ex- underline of the hog be straight, It seemed as if every character and
neves
journey-	11 ncemeu ns ii every en a racier anil	pcctcd that she would accept	Miss	though a certain amount of aich in the
ing backwards and	forwards in his	fable had risen to throng the halls of	Penelope's invitation, and was	sur-	back is allowable, a this is an indica-
grcat vue, Lady Constance maintain-	Hat minster Castle that night.	prised by her presence.	tion of strength and can hardly l»e
e«i a smiling, gentle	demeanour; hut	* P m the gallery above the great "Who is the Mephistopheles.	ask-	done without if the pig is a long one.
she allowed him no opportunity for ex-! ballroom a famous orchestre poured eù his aunt ^	. I as it should be. To fully appreciate
was not Mind to the gravity of the sit -1 The last visitor had arrived, when “U *s something, a shadow only, like the right hog compared, as it was at nation ; but h Dusted to Constance's Lire Barminster and his sister came Mr. Vermont." suggested Miss Pen- Guelph, with other# that were either love to make matte right in the end. * from the entrance hall, when they had *h*pe.	^	too fat, insufficiently finished or too
“It cannot be he,” said Adrien» short and broad in frame, is not coming to-night.'*
Lord Barminster, who had ap
p: «inched in time to hear this speech,	. . ,, . . . .	. . ,,
looked affectionately at his son, and,8Cntv^ *° all points of view, and in all
Adrien caught the glance and under- possible posses, with the result that a stvml it. But without making any great many people received a very comment, he went in search of his good idea of what sort of animal they
I	! should produce. About f>0 per cent.
PP ,1 l . Undine and Mephis- 0f the hogs handled by the Toronto torholes had seated themselves in the, pa,.kt.„ are foum| suitable for the ex-
i “Stay	youTnL madam?'’ask- P"rt trade 81 ',ref,ent- 8fu>r all injur-
e<i the Mephistophvles in a queer, e ^ or defective specimens of those of strained voice.	; the desired type have been culled out;
I Undine turned her face towards him, as remainder are core than are desired and her eyes flashed curiously through for home consumption, owing to being
too fat, it is only the part of wisdom for the farmer to make every effort to produce the export hog and so command the export prices.
New System in the Past Year Carrrled Approximately 131,000,000 Bushels of Wheat, an Increase of 125 Per Cent. Over Previous Year. Company's New Mileage on Pacific Coast and Northern Ontario Makes Astonishing Showing Right from Commencement of Operation. Company's Lines Most Favorably Iterated.
From Our Own Correspondent. . such important centres as Vancou-Toronto, February 0th. | ver in the West, and Montreal in The phenomenal gains that the the East.
Canadian Northern Railway reportsi Company's Earning Power, for its year as a transcontinental The development that is sure to be line makes the statement one of the most favorably received by every-most important that has ever been body who is following the growth of issued by any railway in Canada, the larger Canadian railways will It is even doubtful whether the comefrom the fact that the Canadian tremendous increases in business Northern Railway has come within handled have ever been duplicated hailing distance of earning itsNota! by any system in the world. There fixed charges, the deficit for the are many features to the report year being brought down to less that make it of special import to than a quarter of a million dollars, every Canadian, owing to tho in- a reduction from the previous year terest the country has in the build- of almost % 1,400,000. As was to be ing up of this important transcon- expected, a great proportion of the tinental lint and the attractive ter- increased revenues come from the ritory that has been developed large crop gathered in the Canadian through the completion of the sye- West in the fall of 1916, but tern. The feature of the report that time there has been a marked that is likely to be especially grati- increase in the general freight fying is that which shows the pro-'traffic handled over the lines, and minent part the Canadian Northern, during the first four months of the with its transcontinental system, current fiscal year gross earnings has been able to play in handling have continued to show large in-such a large proportion of the grain creases over the corresponding per-requirements of the Mother Cofin- iods of the year now under

Mr. Bell in his demonstration took great pains to have the ideal hog pre-
THREE VITAL QUESTIONS
Are ruu full of energy, force, end general good health? Do roe know rhet good digestion U rhe foundation of good health , Paie» and op-
eeeadeadoe. headache dUuaaaa. are el Indigestion. Wot he, •eigcl'a Srm»
algea
M OTH CR
AND
BÂNISH
STOMACH
TROUBLES
AFTER
MEALS
TAKE
*
paitner for thv next waltz Meanwhile
i
I
A

At nil Diugglate, or direct on
rrcclpt of price, 80c. end 11.09. The large Mottle certaine thn A. J. Whits A Co. Limitso, Craig Street W«*, Meetreel
Doctor Tells How To Strengthen Eyesight 50 per cent In One Week’s Time In Many Instances
the mask.
"You may," she replied, alto disguising her voice, "if you will tell me u It » sou an .
That
since
l
I dare not," was the guarded ‘My name is never mentioned
in ears polite, you know."
Unline smiled.	_	...	..	..	. .
Of rror	*\**%*». r.y* trouble, of mam 1 “Sim*e >'ou wi,l not tell me yourj Considering the many times that the
description* may be wonderfully benefited hv n-ime, perhaps you can tell me mine advice to bund sheds for the protect/on ^o to,,err lhe Pr,*'r»i>- without the asking."	I tion of farm machinery has been given
bottle of' B<,n-OptVo ^VdH.drt|>r-e,,t. one^on^tnt* ^ can, madam. You are—Lady by writers in farm journals, it comes SftliSJt fouwhiof1î‘ «,?ie °! T"'" end allow - Merivale, who is so fond of the river." u a surprise when one has the nerve itoTC,	ftriiïfccîï:	Undine started, her face turning ^int out that building, for thi,
"K "““I-what Ho you mean? Who aJe ',urp0,C are “""‘"•W• A writer |
Mi™,:,»;‘,i;,,.UeM,:np; ruV’ *£e as she pec«(| at —
hopelessly blind m*:ht ha>e been saved il ibîy h,m with straining eyes, seeking to h*i<2.ltd,n llSf	pierce the clever disguise.
.,	X, lÏÏHRiï,	Jh: “MephUtophele*!" was the calm
iet> repiarfcakle remedy Its eoMUtuent Inaredirau retort; then, as if to turn the Subject,
is a
Winter (’are of Farm Machinery
A Free Prescription You (’an Hate Filled and Use at Lome.
London —Do you wear aluaeet? r;ciitn ot eye ut rain or other eye Trnl nrnsft If eo, you a ill lx* glad to know that nc cording to !>r. 1 « wie there it real hope for you. Many whose ••yes were fai’ing «ay they have had Uifir •ves rr-t' ¦ I t*,-, ugh the I • ¦	••	-, won-
1er!ul free prescription, t »n# n an ao>a. alter tying it: "I wive sunowt klinu; could n«>i *«e to rail at ail Now I ran rr».i ever> thing without any (laaaaa end my eve» do not *st«-r any more. At i gbt they would pain dreadfully; now they feel ino all the lime. It «a^ like a miracle to me.” A lady w ho Vied it ea> s be atmosphere seemed ary with nr without glaeaea. but after ueiog thi# preaenptton for fifteen days «%«r> thing dear 1 ran even read fine print without glasses It ta belt* \ed that thousands who wear gl tan now discard them in s reasonable time and sultitudra more a hi ho able to strengthen their ayes so aa to be spared the trouble and eapenae
review.
Perhaps the most striking develop-Right along it has been the con- ment in this connection is that it is tention of Sir William Mackenzie in the month of October that the and his associates that it was only heaviest grain movement occurs, a matter of a very short period be- and yet in October, 1916, the gross fore Canada and the Empire would earnings showed a gain over those enjoy the benefits of the big sys- of the same month in the previous tem that had been built up across year. As the grain crop was very the Dominion, and the showing much lighter, this evidently in made in the report indicates that dicates that the growth in the traf these hopes have been realized fic in other commodities has
much earlier than it would have than offset the lighter grain___________
been thought possible when the ment of the year now being report transcontinental system was set in ed on.
\ operation a little over a year ago. Some of Che interesting features Important Lain* of Year. of the Board of Directors’ report aa A few of the outstanding fea- indicating the position of the line turos of the report are as follows : and the progress it has made inAn increase in freight traffic dur-1 elude the following : ing the year of $8^52,412, equiv- An agreement of great importaient to as much as 46.87 per cent.; ante in the development of the increase in passenger traffic, $717,- System's freight and passenger 246, of a gain of 13.26 per cent; traffic was made with the Cunard ¦¦¦¦¦¦I in total operating Steamship Co. In future the Cun-revenue of $9,664,168, or 36,91 per cent, over the previous year. Tnat the company's lines handled
try
Are you s

. (Ms#	—auScjurrre gumremZwY he continued lightl.vg^^|
•a sïïpkùssi?te æzssVrUt;	ar-,‘a *•»«!«»
SSLÏÏlfff^lXîd'îî MVUS Un'lin<- h«Kan to haw a alight sus-
Pl<'i?n •* to . who® h*r companion your üuifwcaûcoi.	u * * might he, and was far from comfort-
| able in her mind
might have been only a chance one; ‘ but this was doubtful, if Mephis-topheles turned out to be either Mortimer Shelton, or Jasper Vermont, as she half feared.	v
She strove to conceal her uneasiness. "The host should he happy and satisfied to-night," she said; “it is a great success.
"Yes, happy!" agreed the demon nodding his horned head, "but not sat
sees the marriage of his beloved son
----" He stopped short.	J
"With Lady Constance Tremaine," finished I,ady Merivale, in a low voice, from which all attempts at disguise had gone.
Mephistophdes nodded again.
"You have guessed aright, my lady/' lie said. "See! there they are together A handsome pair; an admirable match
more
move-
E
ms
The hit at the river

The best sugar for the sugar bowl is

an increase
r ard Line and the Canadian Northern Railway will be, in fact, a single over transportation unit between Europe 131,000,000 bushels of grain is and Canada.
proof positive that the railway has I The possession of such favorable been located in the best grain grades as those on the System's growing areas of the West.	j lines has given* the Canadian
The exact grain traffic handled Northern an already important ad-amounted to 131,978,809 bushels as vantage in the economy of opera-compared with 58,576,520 bushels tlon, particularly in carrying the in 1915, or an increase of 73,403,- two commodities offering in largest 289, equivalent to an increase of as volume, vis.: lumber and grain, much as 125 31 per cent.	j The main line of the Canadian
That the Company has been able Northern Railway from Quel>ec to to make such striking gains in the V ancouver is superior to any Tina amount of traffic handled over its crossing the continent of America lines will undoubtedly be more in points of gr readily appreciated when it ia re 1 favoring traffic, membered that it was only operated The fines of the Company's sys as a transcontinental system dur- tarn are now nerving 76 per cent, ir.g the last seven of the twelve ' of the aggregate population of the months of the fiscal year, and when 1 citiea and towne of all Canada, hev-it is recalled that last winter the ing 6,000 inhabitants and over.
ther conditions in the Western The present situation emphasises provinces^ and more particularly in the fact that the Railway is not as ~ British Columbia, were the moat dependent upon grain crop move severe that had been experienced in ment ae in the peet, sad in a great many years, in fact, in some instances, were the most-difficult that Canadian railways had
In that part of the country. It should also be pointed out that the Company had the disadvantage, owing to the condi-
the war, of be-
That he will never be till he
Its purity and "/ne" granulation give it the highly sweetening power. It dissolves instantly in your teacup or on your breakfast cereal.
CANADIANS
f


WANTED FOR THE
ROYAL NAVY
Yet it is sad to think
---" He stopped again.
"What?" cried Lady grasping his scarlet-clad & rce grip
it will never be! *
His companion trembled with sup-m^M^^Bness.
you mean?" she exclaimed. "Can you prevent it
<To be continued).
ade an<l curvatures
Merivale, arm in a
2 and 5-lb I Cartons
10 and 20-lb
f
( «nadiane wanted for the Royal Naval Canadian Volunteer e for immediate oversees
Re
ice, Only
pressed eager
«•What do
Pay $1.10 Minimum per day —Free Kit $20.00 per Month Separation Allowance

IS le IS accept'd Ur service is Ike CANADIAN NAVAL PATROLS Ur Apply to COMMODORB ÆüIt.lUS JARVIS
w
be
coming transcontinental ha» acquired a h it- y diversified traffic. The developments of the year confirm the T actors in the belief that they strongly hold, that the ultimate prose r y of the Canadian North em Railway System Is me* only by the prosperity of the Dotn-
Simply Foolish.
remarked Sandy, "I did a thing last nicht that I've no dune thi#
pairrfevtiy sober, but I'm richt thank ful to say I got up this momin*
fh- waur."
O
Man

S
I went to ma bed
OTTAWA
" The All-Purpose Sugar ”
ing without it# own

z

###PAGE###3###
SPRING WHEAT HELPS

AùJarm (Pop Qij
ueries
Household Department
Being the Second of a Series of Five Articles Specially Written
by G. Bell, Agronomist.
JH*

»
7jit-y
itifSitetanmi
"I
3tv.»
Useful Hints and General Information
for the Busy Housewife
Many farmers 1 I 1 _	North American experiment station*
are just now bus-	^	^ave shown that material increases in
definite areas of	\ food containing only nitrogen and tatlve information that will help them to secure the
............
cipes that require no eggs and that .	.	_	.	.	, have not grown	where climatic condition* are some- particularly fitted for this work, as he has made a life study of soils and
iiii imu EsSi* iiiMin
well and bake in a loaf in a slow oven. you understand the relative value of ceieals will accwnpli.-di just that muc	n	i nt kjn , m	horse*, it is like barking up the wrong up to the faimer and not to the
Lgglean Apple Cake.—One cupful of the damper and each draft, you can to hv,P 8oIve thJ great ah,i g< hera govern the animal kingdom Those tree.to ljreed ponies. Watch your Keep on milking twice each day, and brown sugar, one-half cupful of butter, keep the temperature of your oven to Problem of food shortage.	animals that are least susceotiblr to	! regularly, if you milk at all.
one cupful of raisins, seedless; one any degree desired and for an indc- Ontario, with over 14,500,000 acres disease are the one* that are vitrerons ^ eliing or otherwise abusing a horse Feed the cows so that it will cupful of apple sauce, unsweetened; flnite perjod. „	of cleared, cultivatable land, ha* an healthv Thev «Ko thnJ will make him sweat worse than a hard to milk all winter
ssa. z ¦ jus. » as & zsr £ sra tear % 'sp =-" zizesxkzz %" ’A**™~
namon, one-half teaspoonful of cloves, al8Q that the ashes are not permitted one acre per farm. The yield of * hus lead to the conclusion that When a horse won't eat just after tion
ore teaspoonful of baking soda, n to accumulate until they entirely fill spring wheat over the whole province, (h€ r preparation of soil and bal- c')mmg in from a day’8 work, you have Supply plenty of bedding, straw, pinch of nutmeg. Cream the sugar and the ash chamber, mb they choke off the varies between 18 and 19 bushels per apc- 0f petfood do a great deal to 8tuc^ ,0 your J°b to° ^ng*	t. shavings or sawdust. No cow can do
the butter together, add the salt and free circulation of air to the bottom of acre* Now, there is reason to be- comj)at piant diseases	Pay you nor t^ie horse, either.	well if obliged to lie on a bare cold
apices and raisins. Mix the baking the grate.	lieve that with a little expenditure of. Th t dj fiourimhes during An oId horsc was braced up and
soda with the apple sauce. Add the ( It ia safe to say that two or three labor, and with a little careful plan- the month of Junef when temperature	,lhrif1ty by soa£inf cut hay !"
flour to the sugar and butter mixture, minutes of time, now and then, in look- ning, it would be possible t° conaid- jg highest and there is usually consid- dl uted molasses. - oak m a tight then add the sauce, and if the mixture	jng to the proper condition of	the	crMy increase the acreage of spring	eroble humidity in the atmosphere. If
n n<! M k vn<',1,,g 1	‘ a tri.ne n?0I"c	range, will save many a baking,	not	wheat to the substantial profit o. the	thc crop has been given a good, vigor-
flour. Mix well and pour into a bu	to speak of the housekeeper's valuable	fa*mer, and to the benefit of the in-	OUg Btartf and the season is at all
tired loaf tin, baking about one hour(tbne and disposition.	habitants of this province and to the	nrrmaj ft will be past the flowering
in a moderate oven	---- whole Dominion. The following few , gtage by the middle of June; in fact
Egg less I lum Cake.—One-half cup-	Household Helps.	suggestions are offered :	the kernels of wheat will be pretty
'Hbrrlïïn
chopped almond*, four Ublespoonfuls K new stocking* are washed before k|lowledgti o{ relative varieties suit-of sugar, one-half cupful of milk, a weanng they will wear longer.	I Rllle for growing under Ontario con-
dash of cinnamon and of clove*. Melt A goo<l way to use up old stockings (|itionii than Prof. C. A. Zavitz of On-the butter in hot milk. Mix the chop- and woollens if to unrip the wool and tHT-0 Agricultural College. Prof, ped almonds with the bread crumbs, ; use it as a stuffing for cushions.	Zavitz, after testing a number of var-
sugar dash of cinnamon and of cloven. When-flanging short curtains it is ietie, for a number of years at Pour the milk and butter mixture over a good plan to use picture wire. This this, stir well and add the chopped can be drawn much tighter and will prunes.
pan and bake in a moderate oven for j Rub lamps with cornstarch on the one hour. This can be served with whipped cream if desired
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell

ti
a 5».
Dessert Recipes That Save Eggs
v



F
a
Cows that arc turning a good profit with odder* full of milk take tive and relaxed. A chill will often
are sens:
the rudder and often the cow.
A steback like this always puts the Every farmer may balance on the wrong side of the
bank account.

cows
pay
Supply sufficient food in the stables to keep up the milk flow and condi-
tion t let the liquid manure run through cracks in the floor.
box from one feeding to the next
JAPAN TO SHOW SYMPATHY
>
Will Raise Fund and Send Commission to Allied Countries.
At a gathering of representative
Castrate all inferior or grade buck Japanese recently, among whom was lambs early.	! Premier Terauehi, it was voted to
so serious results on the crop as on | An eighty-pound lamb is big en-¦ send u P°Pular commission to all the a crop that has not had the early start 0ugh for market.	Entente countries, probably in April,
and is not so vigorous This is found. Exercise is important with	the	ewes	to e*Pre8e JaPan'8 .sympathy for	the
to be the case on such crops as cab- and tbe com:ng lamb crop.	wounded and for other war sufferers,
bages, tobacco, sugar beets, and the	get a good growt), 0f wooj we* An appeal will be made th-oughout
lik®-	must feed liberally. Narrow feeding, the Empire for the subscription in an
,	.	.	. Eor a study of the climatic and soil narrow margins of profit	j effort to raise as large a fund as pos-
Guelph, and after having members of conditions of Ontario, it should be pos-1 lf fed properly a shêep ought to «ible. The movement is national in
i wsws ! s." atz « % k/ksk ^u[=. e
Exercise can be encouraged on fine business interests and the press.
. .	.......	. days by putting feed at some	distance	Prince Tokugawa, of the House	of
growing pencil, and that a bushel and from the sheep f|UarterB,	Peers, is chairman,
a half of seed on well prepared land jf any wee(Jjng jg to ^ donf yQU d()
should give an abundant seeding, it Don’t let the meat man take his Why I,ton Itoars and the Cat Purrs seems quite logical to advocate the pfck and !eave with the cu„s
wider sowing of this valuable cereal hand
in the spring of 1917. Wheat prices
arc bound to be high and for a long
time food products will he scarce. It
is therefore to the financial advantage
of every farmer who can spare a few
acres for spring wheat, to give the
g’ound thorough preparation, supply
on abundance of suitable balanced
plantfood, and get first-class seed of s
suitable variety.
or
Pour into a shallow baking not break
&
. .. .	, . , , spring wheat throughout the province When we consider that this crop does
place fur an hour before frying. They " when Marquis wheat was tested out
mam
cabbage fine and drop it in a stew-pan ing greasy, and they a^e no°U-o^bkto Vst^of'wtil esUbHshed -wTeompI^ fontinued Supplies of This Necessity of boiling water; add a pinch of wash.	{£*	^ COmpan"	Must Be Guaranteed.
taste, and thr* . tablespoonfuls of thick l>efore using again wipe carefully with material for seed. Like tends to cream Heat well and serve.	a paraffin rag.	beget like in the plant kingdom just
tk» i .. -bag** is fine. Boil it ten If you have a cold, bake a lemon the same as in the animal kingdom, minutes and finish cooking m a cov- thoroughly until R is tender, cut it If you plant weak immature seed, you ned bakh.g 'li.1 Ii m the oven. Season jn half, sprinkle each half with sugar handicap the future of your crop just •nth salt, pepper and fresh meat fry-|and eat while hot and just before
ing to bed.
.	,	Never put shoes near a fire to dry.
•h plenty of water, enough pork to When you come in, if they are damp,
Season, and add dumpling of rich bis- flu them with paper, and stand them cuit dough rolled thin; thus you will have a toothsome dish.
Hare A Day For Repairs.
Some Cabbage Dishes
4
The eminent English naturalist, Sir Richard Owen, made the interesting A narrow doorway or gateway is a discovery that the lion roar simply menace to sheep that must be driven because the hvoiJ bone in his throat through it. Let all gates be uide^e
on
if loose. In the cat, this bone is stationery, and therefore the cot purrs, and cannot roar; but in the lion and tiger the hyoid is loose, and, even ' when calling to their mates, the I larger members of the cat family, including the leopard and the jaguar roar. The roars of the jaguar and leopard are “like hoarse, harking Soseing corn ten or twelve hours coughs; an interval of about beats grinding. Lots cheaper, too
Buttermilk runs a close race with skimmed milk as a pork grower.
ALCOHOL IN MUNITIONS
one
second separates the expiratory ef Every drop of skimmed milk you forts," any Sir Richard. The cheetah give to the hogs they turn into good, and the p ma are like the domestic
sweet meat.	cat; their hyoid bones are firmly set
The cold" the -««‘her the more it plere> and they can purr, cc sts to make pork. Hustle the hog#
,	...	-, -r	along and save expense
for munition manufacture. It ». a ; A bit of engil ie reli8hed by the
priceless chemica of war It is now (f h Bnd ther, j, meat in it.
.0 precious that to drink it were a	Hogg /ed on corn-m«al, with Unwed-
crime against the nation. The British m,B|> or middling, will not take so .
Munitions Department has com much fe#d Bnd turn ;t into fat> as being used by the Germans on the
to ZÏÏd urTrZd'healThv da?rvXPeCt C<rined “ ** ahout !,UPP1,<“* that •! Wood-ashes and bone-meal double ' »nd for the reason the French officials
<2) dThe next ntdnt in incTea.imr comm,tte« hes been aPro,nted to ln the strength of the hog's bones. They believe that it is still in its experl
wheat vield. U to iCk after the	rrea8e ^ euPP|3r- Shakespeare said ale0 Kavc in the amount of other feed mental stages. However, small emis
wheat yields s to loo after the plant- Wltb literal truth, as Dr. Saleeby needed.	| sions of the gas have been tried by
*%r/ho„.. " U	thi!1 P°inU oot in a London newapaper,1 One great trouble with the heg buai- the Germans with striking effects, a!
that most of our farm cr„n. 2 the thsl there	ot rood thin<? teas of this country is that it has been though counter-attacks have always
^is iyhetimeof ye. when the,
housewife should take a survey of the vested a good crop last year or had a Plant producu. In early spring, be- mo,t powerfuI instruments of victory.	-	airain.t the Invisible iras as aaaln.t
as s& sttjst8! 5 sa-r	« srutsati, as,
ari'as’sttrarj: rïÆÆ z ïs ssï iaraas.“•-	—
end finish®* these numerous odd Jobe, improvements to help? Or have we a", 8 c°n8*<lu*J,ce not much soil nater-
S S ' S&aSTsâ X Ë SlS :
things out of order are a source of them. How about the well, many feet make use of plantfood that to a weak- icobo1 from Potatoes in Britain, how-unnecessary worry to W^WMjrJiouse-[ from the houseT Couldn't you im- er crop would be unaval'able. Two ever* wou*d make necessary a révolu
prove that with some form of pump- hundred to three hundred pounds of a tion in agricultural production. So far ing apparatus that would lessen the	well balanced fertilizer has been	the seizing of whiskey stocks	and
labors of mother ? Just think of the	know to increase wheat yields /rora 40	commandeering of commercial	alco
many steps that would be saved her to 60%. Not only does it increase the hoi have sufficed, but the worry over if there were running water in the	total yield, but it materially improves	the outlook for continued supplies	has
house! That one thing would help a	the quality of the resulting wheat The	commenced,
millionfold. Why not put it in?
New Hun Invisible Gas
A new asphyxiating gas, dcrjlier than any ever used before, and miss having the quality of invisibility, i?
gu
mgs
Next time you cook sauerkraut put
in a warm room, but not anywhere near the fire.
People should marry their oppo- French scientists have demonstrated sites.”	that the vapors of iodine and bromine
"Most people are convinced that pass through thin glass, even at ordi they did."	• nary temperature.
potatoes. Besides building up alcohol from its elements on the Berthelot system, German chemists have made wonderful progress in obtaining it from the tubers. The drop In the potato crop
.Your
tod Jem

i
wife, and when repaired they mean much in comfort and convenience.

;
/
CoTuiu+Jod 6j XeLea Hour
The Care Of A Range.
The most important t(png is to keep the range well cleaned out—top, sides and underneath—at the cleanout door.
Familiarise yourself thoroughly with
I duties of the damper and , different drafts, so you can obtain the	‘ un*-
heat and different temperature* neves- There must l>e some mistake in •ary to cook and bake	z my examination marking. I don't
A chimney that is oper to rain and think I deserve an absolute- zero," •now peneits the moisture to run down complained the student, the flue, mix with the soot, and get j "Neither do I," agreed the instruc-Into the hack-flue of the range; this: tor, "hut it a the lowest mark I'm aland mois-1 lowed to give/'
Under this heading will appear each week a new department of Ques
tiene and Answers on subjects of general Interest to women.
The department will be conducted by a woman of wide experience, well qualified to offer helpful advice and counsel to our women readers regarding the problems which confront them In their dally life.
Mothers and daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to write to tnie department. Initials only will be published with each question and Its as a mean# of Identification but full name and address muss be
Write on one aide of paper only. Answers will be
fertilizer should be of an analysis to make up for the weaknesses of the •oil, and to supply a proper balance of plantfood most needed by the crop.
For instance, for a grain crop, the fertilizer should emphasize phosphoric a fd, as well as supply a fair amount of nitrogen, ammorpa, and potash.
Necessarily, under pr*,ent conditions,I— iho supply of potash in fertilisers will	lhe„	on her
be low, yet experiments of many daughter s fam.
< oui paring Expreaaione
the uses

•Hi
"Did you see the pleased expression on Mrs. Brown’s face when I told her she didn't look any older than .her daughter ?" said Mrs. Railway, after the
"No,” said Mr. Rad way
given In each letter
mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope la end
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Lav#, 28 Castle Frank Road, Toronto.
results in e mixture of
###PAGE###4###




AN OU) TIME TREAT TAILORING
Moved by Killoran and Henderson that we abide by the previous motion in this matter.
Moved by Lucas and Killoran that conn. MeLoilan see IL Fitzsimmons and II. Horner about gravel pits ; also that conn, (imhani sts* James Dods and 1‘eter Moyle on the same business and iunci\ numbering three million mem | re;*ort at next meeting of council.	I
Auditors' report for the year 1910 was now read.
Moved bv Mi Leilan and Killoran that !
THE EQUITY.
respect and precede a declaration of war on the part of the United States, by some such blow, delivered by her submarines, as proceeded a declaration of war between I'ussia and .Japan.
SHAW VILLE, FEB. 15, 1917.
Lampreys Once a Fairly Coveted Dish In New England.
I'liv Oemian American National
We keep a good line of Serges of fancy patterns always in stock.
Ottawa Company got $3,000,000 Contract for Aviation Plant.
\ n
through its delegates at a re vent u|o|hm1 resolutions pledging its 1‘resilient Wilson, in the
X three million dollar contract for the PRIZED BY GENERAL STARK.
t m
ill! vevtion of Canadas biggest aviation tin1 iejK.it he accepted, also that the school and plant at Camp Borden 1ms (Secretary publish a recant of the (man vial standing of the Township on 1 >cv
ai. into.
ttf.i
PP'Mt tO •sent crisis

\ssuming that the dv nation is honest, it would bo interest

been let by tin* Imperil! Munitions The Old Hero Even Refused One Yeer Hoard to tin* Hate, \t« Mahon Construe j to Give Up One of Hie Sixteen Bar* tion Company of Ottawa. The Bate,
McMahon Co. undei the direction of t VI. R s Low, ( nistlin l« d t 'amp B H
den in record time. The signatures to I I was rccentlj carried back to my the contract have Urn attached at i boyhood days by n dinner of lampreys,
Toronto nml thf wmk of building thv | locally known la tbe olden time as lam.
aviation school will be commenced mi mediately.
The Curtiss Aviation School at Long. .
Branch, near Toronto, will U* moved to lurc of thc lamPrp> P,ac«* 11 *°w down Camp Borden, and Col. I lore and his hi the ranks of tbe fishes. Id fact, a statf of aviators from the Royal Flying strict classification excludes It from Corps will train the Canadian airmen ( them, there.
Col. low hopes to have everything in readiness l>y April 11 anil in the
terotluune, hangars, ma
v


:
Mi
know to what extent it jarred tin
rels to sn Eel Hungry Neighbor.
Fame Sung In Verse.
I
to
The Sveretaiy presented a list of un paid taxes and asked what action the council wish him to take to force col -
i Xuivrii ii ( iovvrmneiit has ad | lection. Aftei a lengthy discussion it
was "moved by conns. McLellan and Killoran that no further action U* taken , until M trch 5th, when m outstanding
idervd expedient to defend taxes whatsoi ver Ik* handed to our law -
hips against attack while j Kissing y er for immediate collect ion, with costs
Ugh till- vliters delineated in tlic| *<’ thi- parties owing the «une.
The Jurors List w.i' rc\isod a- t.-l

Their Form

i < nerves

a
K\
Also Overcoats, Caps, Sweaterooats, wear and Heavy Pants.
(K
I private shipping interests that are fully justified in taking any

Under-
per eels because of tbelr superficial re-Bern bianco to tbe true eel. The struc-
!
IIS


i

r s
»

!
barretl zone. The (iovernment
low s
MURRAY BROS., SH4WVILLE.
ut a broad hint where guns
1
now
Hi t it Jumr> added 1 ». Khctticld
1
The lamprey Is a vertebrate without
1 gunners may be procured for t he I Fred t
oney.
Petit Juror withdrawn Jus. Smith.
( * rant 1 Juror added J as. Smith. Moved by Killoran and Lucas that XV. (\ Young and \V. J. Drummond be ;ij \h te I valuators i< damage done to vet doing itself in going out of its | .sheep by dogs their territory to extend
d«horrent crime of | from the Hiver Front tt* the fith coures-
sitm line : also that John Lucan and 1‘. J. looney be apt«ointed t*«r the same purpose and their territory to com prist* the Lars | (|ie balance of the township.
Moved bx ( ira ham and Henderson that thi
n boue, ltd spine Is but cartilage, and there are no other tissues that are oven as hard as cartilage. It has a sucking mouth and seven gill openings uu oath fide of the body buck of the bead. It j h» the mouth and Its peculiar use that are described In Its scientific name. Petromyxon marin us, meaning ocean stone sucker. The color of the sea Japan’s Famous Hot Baths That Are | lamprey (to distinguish It from the little lampreys of the rivers) is brown
At the Kusntsu hot springs In Japan Bottled with black bathing is a species of parboiling that length is about three feet tries the epidermis as well as the en- Li the early days of New Hampshire durance of even the Japanese who are lsmpreys came up the Merrimac and accustomed to take a hot bath daily. °ther rivers by myriad thousnuds aud It is the so called -time bath/' At this wero fiiught by the settlers and salted spa four bath* taken at stated .in- down for the year’s supply of meat as tervals are the rule.	were salmon, shad aud nlewives that
Before taking a bath in a public c 111,0 11P from tb@ ocean at the same bathhouse at the word of com maud tiIm‘ ,,r!.v summer and tor the same from the bath master all bathers take purpose, the depositing of their spawn
in tbe fresh waters of the rivers sad
lakes. Most of the fish were caught
h:h protection

meant! u
chine shops, ami an extensive plant is to lu erected for the airmen.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
t‘ its j ml icy of fl ight fulness. Uertmmy seems
I
ut l
\
mimit th
\
BATHING AND BOILING.
g a >hip laden with .supplies for stricken ) «copie of Belgium, he s ivtim in this case \\a>
n
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Really and Truly Hot
Its maximum
I'll is ship was torpeiWd with
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
mvil do now adjourn.
(ï. T. Dhvmmoni
See.-Ti
ing at midnight, and every man

l lb men, except one, What reparation can condone h as ghastly outrage as this !
CITW

I
Shawvillc Council Minutes
pa~sin_ tin necessary Ivgisla hich the situation called f«n t adjourned on vt again on April I Pth. l»y
Custom Sawing-.
Itvgulai meeting, held Monday, l ei
WtxiiuwUv I »'«ary . H""
Uresent
i
(». A. Howard, mayor, and
councillors Klliott, Shore, Morrison, i date it is expecteil the !Tenner h)agg. Hod-ins
II have returned from attending the Minutes of last meeting i
meil in London. What the lopted on motion of conns. Dagg and temperature
»	, shore.	: Then they kneel lu rows along the
"f :	"	1 l> >l mg* Motion Dagg and Morrison That exige of the till* and v:,vh pours 100 to
councillors J. G. Klliott. If. S. Ifodgins 2°° dipperfuls of hot water over his
nvral impression in well informed | mid Tims. Shore he ap|«ointeil Klectrie head to prevent congestion on entering
s mi pretty stormy se< s11 Committee, and i»*|*«*i i .it next the water,
meeting the .standing of the electri light plant. 1 .irrivd Motion —1
hat was proclaimed l»y the y Hod gins beginning of the wa
4
long deal boards in hand and together
stir up the water in the large tub for
. j . . ï about an hour to cool it down to a bear- i wi,,‘ 8eIncs nnt^ dlpnets.
The lampreys were caught by hand
tn the shallower water of the brook*.

1
We Can Supply You

!
Tbe fishermen waded In where the water was shallow mid tlie current swift and watched for the “cels.*' as the lampreys were Invariably called. In a rapid current lamprey» progress by Tbe darting for a short distance aud then
-
!,> now a matter of conjecture, hut
.. WITH ALL KINDS OF ..
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Recalling.
Your patronage solicited.
At the second command they all go In, very slowly and carefully* __________
filât K. | temperature of the water is fti) degrees clinging by the sucking mouth to a
C. (122 degree*- l . and a bath is not	while testing for another plnnj
It was then that the men seized them
u.ivtvrt in the present impro million * ehiUnbiM*, despite tin
<
Shore and Klliott and 11 S. Harnett In Carried.
Jury ls>t was examined and aeci by the council. Carried.
Motion Klliott and Hodgin* Tiiat uneil do now adjourn. Carried.
S. K. IIOIHJINS,
•I
I
(minted auditor
to exceed three minutes.
The bath master calls out at intervals (lu Japanese, of course), "Two minutes remain," “Only one minute," "Put up with it a bit," ‘Terserveranee is neces-
and threw them to the bliore. where helpers put them Into receptacles.
So lni|)ortant was the catching of fish In those days in the town of I>er rytield, now Manchester, that all work was suspended when they arrived. There is a story that lacks verification to the effect that the man appointed to watch for the advent of the tisb
1
VI

Minutes Clarendon Schools
thi
* <
Qt. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
sary," and finally, "Now, then, get out." Confusion ensues, all leaping out with great alacrity, belug eager to escape from the ordeal they have been undergoing.
A similar process Is gone through by each of the rows of bathers who stand Jug along the Bide of the tub waiting for their turn.—Exchange.
• 1 <»t School Commissioners <»f Ion met Feb. 3rd. 1917.
( ’hail man Draptr, Tracy, rt\ Harris ami Lmghrcn. mtvs of last meeting read mid 'pled on motion of rom’rs La ugh re n
•l Tracy.
Mr. Hodge, Demonstrator of Macdoti-I College, waited on the board, dis -"iim the School Fair living held in meet ion with the l^ocul Fair or not.
It was decided to look further into • natter and find out the opinion of
Motion Com is Harris and XX a Have That the following bills lie paid :
shaded, clock for No. 1 2-b $0.00 ; II. MvCagg, removing and repairing ['•uildings, bringing scats from Shaw -ml putting into School No. 2 < i. F llodgins, supplies $9.88 ; i No. 11. oiling school floor, in iiding oil. brush, etc., $5.75 ; XVillie Craut, repairing school desks No. 11, * i.'Mi : No. I pupils, putting wood in vnd (f| pupils 20c.) $1.20 ; T. A. Dra-». \ (siting schools, securing deeds and applies, $0.lo; Kobt. Tracy, visiting tools and 2 cords pine at $2, $8.00 ; Wallace, clock repairing by H. Shade!
I visiting schools, $5.75 tighrcn, visiting schools ami building Ik to No. 13 door, $0.50.
See. Trea
sent
An Honorable Appeal
M
spied the vanguard on n Sunday morn. He hastened to the meeting house, where most of the town was as sembled, and Interrupted the sermon with the cry; “The Osh have come-Pumict Stone.	The fish have come!" The preacher
Pumice is an acid volcanic rock, stopped, pronounced the benediction, which may be in cither massive or 9U(1 the men all went fishing, finely comminuted form. It owes its pe- There is another story that General culiar porous, vesicular or pumiceous Ftark. who had settled down on bis condition to the rapid expansion of farm after the devolution, was asked included moisture or gases, due to sud* by a neighbor for the loan of a barrel den release of pressure at the time of if “eels" for the winter. The general its ejection from the volcano. This replied that ho couldn’t spare any, for expansion may tie carried to such an tie had but sixteen barrels to last him extent that the rock Is completely till spring.
shattered, and the resultant finely However much or little truth there powdered material may be carried to unknown distances by wind and air currents and then deposited In beds several feet thick.
Twenty teams composed of a hundred citizens each are already at work to make
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
preparation for the camj*aig l«e undertaken in a few dnvs in > trval for the I benefit of the Patriotic’
Fund and the lied ('mss.
The organizers have determined that Montreal, in order to d<* her full duty, should raise not less than $2,500,00*' but it is believed that this amount \ri Ik* exceeded. Toronto itoured three an a half millions into the treasury of the fumb and this was done in a few days, by an act of royal munificence on the part of the Queen City. Montreal ought to he able to give a» much, and pro|x>svs to give more.
Put it will not suffice for Montreal to shew herself generous in order t«« save the honor of the province. In Ontario all the cities have contributed with the
same ardor and th< mom liberality, and	Satisfactory.
the rural districts have also done their j «Hey, doc!" called a citizen of paît.	I here is not a municipality too	Qrujgc to a	professional appearing
small	to participate in war work to the	stranger who	was passing tbe	house,
limit	t'l its resources. I lie rural dis-	««çome ^ Qud	see If vou can fix	up my
tricts	of Quelwc, on the contrary, have	brother indaw. lie s having a	fit or
ao far given only feeble aid to the Patriotic Fund and a great number of them j have done absolutely nothing either f<»r the Patriotic Fund or for the Red Cross. | s: tw?	1,1 There are about 12000 rural municipali-‘
i'v. I hm and sjieei neat ions may I** ties in the province. All should join in « il in Secretary s office. Tenders t*» the patriotic campaign now beginning • nu hand not later than one o clock, ancj enlarge by their gifts the sum total
. in.. March did. 191,, when our next which will represent the contribution of ‘ ng shall take place
n t
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.

i
may be in those stories, It is a fact that lampreys formed an important ,«art of the food of the settlers of Man-.heater, in 1851 at the centennial celebration of the incorporation of the town a poem was read by William Stark in which he thus referred to the
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
AM Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.

ampreys:
Pur fathers treasured the slimy prise. They loved the eel as their very eyes,
And of one *tls said with a slander rife For a string of eels he sold his wife.
From the eels they formed their food tn chief.
And eels were called the Derrytleld beef. And the mark» of eele were eo plain to trace
That the children looked like eels In the face.
And before they walked it la well confirmed
That tbe children never crept, but squirmed.
Such a mighty power did the squirmer» wield
O’er the goodly men of old Derryfleld . It warn often said that their only care, Their only wish and their only prayer For the present world and the world to come
Was a string of eel# and a Jug of rum.
Bristol, Feb. 5, 1917.	----- ^------------ I	For Bald Meade.	j My father1» boyhood wae passed In
The Municipal Council of Bristol met	“Hope For the Bald 1 leads" rung an the days of the • eels," and long after
the alrfive date, and having previous-	Destruction	of	Ships	in New	ad\ ertisemoot	the dams	In the Merrimac stopped the
ibecribed to their oath* of office,	York Harbour	Hope be Llowed! Wbut we want Is ascent of the fish he bought lampreys
<>k their seat* at the lward.	---- halr.-Boston Transcript.	whenever	they could be obtained from
Present: Mayor Campbell and	Coun-	Germ in*	Ruin	Machinery	ani>	I—------------------------------- labermen	farther downstream. Thus
Uni* Henderson, Lucas Graham, Me-	TERN ED Ships	No age is shot against great genius.— I learned to eat and like them. It was
•dlan and Killoran.	---- Eaneca	many years since I had tasted them
Minute* of la*t meeting read and Thirty million dollar* worth ut ma-	«-----------—	when recently I was delighted by the
(opted	on motion	of	Killoran and	cbinery is *aid to bave been wrecked on I	Man la creation*» masterpiece.	But	present of a fine mesa of them.	They
, ; rah am.	board the German *hi|w in New York	who says eo? Mau— Gava rut	arried me back a generation.
S. Smiley appeared before the board harbor. This machinery was destroyed • —	------------------- Lampreys are fond in the north At-
sking for 350 6-inch	tile	and one 12-in.	and the ships rendered practically use-	Solve Big Problem.	lantic as far south as Virginia, besides
•iH-rete	culbert 23	feet	long for hi*	less in other way*, before Germany’s	The railway unions of this	town	i*eing landlocked In some of the	lake»
•ad division.	latest note was delivered to President	igve solved the high cost of	living,	in western and	northern New Xurk.
Moved by Henderwm	and Graham	Wilson.	tome time ago a special committee	While they are	not abundant	enough
nit Mr 8miley's leanest he granted.	This wholesale destruction on board *a* appointed to purchase food and to make much Impression on the pree-
Moved by Luca* and	Killoran that	German ships, in	American harbors by	uel supplies a* required by	their	ent coat of living, a knowledge	of their
Henderson inspect	the bridge on	Germans is the	moat significant fact,	ne™bers. The committee	has ' rood value and	tbe time and	manner
he winter mad in W. Beattie’s field and taken in connection with Germany *	w‘lfhll“ 1p! of racing lbem m,nua PModlce
as	-
by Graham and Luca* that involve tbe l nited State* in tbe war. ^ carload* of hardwood John Stanton	* bill for ser-	tbrough her submarine policy, such a J	|Ay8 jt ezpecta a carload of groesrtea
vice on Bristol Clarendon Town Line drastic step would never have been F l.uO and pay the amount — #4.00.	taken.
Notification was received from the Ap|«arently, there i« little chance of llailway Commission re. application for the present strained relations between -talion at Norwny Bay. No action Germany and tbe United State* lasting • aken.	more than a day or two. and a déclara
A communication was read from It. J. lion of war may lie loosed for at any
^ a, ^ zZy
FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF THE TOWNSHIP OF BRISTOL FOR THE YEAR 1916.
w. II
something."
“But, my dear sir, I am a veterinary surgeon"—
“Aw, that's all right! Didn’t you hear me say that this Is my brother-in law?"
Motion -(Ymi'r* Tracy and Laughren That we ask for tenders for fencing
Xo. 12-b School grounds, and that of
tWO Mil'
Cash on hand Jaunary 1st, 1916......................
Total collections for year, including arrears and
interest ....................
Ordinary expenditure for year...
Railway Bonus....................
('ash on hand Ik-cviubei 31, 1916
91606 64
6908 10
91376 43 1779 10 5164 19
e e
Who Would Dare?
“We want no hearsay testimony/* said the Judge severely. “We must have evidence which no one dares to AMptttB."
.	,	. . .	. ,	.	, “That a what I'm giving you," said
mciptl council*, which in each locality the ^tnea*. “My mother In-law told
could easily collect the subscription* of ^ this. -St Louis Post-Dispatch, the |ieu|ile.—Lb latrie, Montreal.	I	_ _

the Province of Quebec country districts may accomplish simultaneously this worthy act it would be well for the lead to be taken by the mu-
And that our
M. A. McKinley, Asst. Sec.-Tmi-
*8514 74	96514 74
-ASSETS
< HiUtumling taxes I Kitimber 31, 1916, including Nor way Bay
Bristol Council Minutes
... Iil36 76
LIABILITIES
Outstanding account* uupreseuted Net aesets....
9 200 00 836 76
91036 76 91036 76

G T DRUMMOND,
Sec.-Trea*
Contirtencing this Week

Three New Departments


Helpful, Interesting and Entertaining Features that will make each issue of this paper worth the full year’s subscription price. Each department is in charge of a specially qualified writer.
Prof. Henry 0. Bell will conduct a que,lion and answer department called " FARM CROP QUERIES." and Mr,. Helen Law will have charge of n .plendui Impertinent for Women entitled X9UR i'iitiBI.KMS Then comes one of the bent comic serial,
pu Wished You will thoroughly enjoy the « DOINGS OF THE 1)1 ¥
Full pa i Deniers will be found elsewhere in this issue. Turn to them now and rend about the valuable and interfitlog Infor* mat ion that will bt supplied to you each week.
Mill
M o'ved
te reduce
ind two of apple»
» composed of twenty-five member», •^presenting different crafts, end las saved 30 per cent, on its per •base* to date. — The Brentford

“Professor, 1 have
what atud-
otlege. I dont
l excelled In, If Bay." ¦¦¦¦¦Fee slept
Tourier
of the
Australia boast a of the tallest tr -
.*J







-
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
(21ean-up
Sale !
portant part In toe life or any country and that the Interest of the two things are bound up together.
It may bo that some stranger in our midst will contradict the statement that Canadians have put aside their sports until the war is ended, basing his assertion upon the report that professional baseball made mocu»y last summer in the Dominion. Hut it must be borne in mind that professional baseball can hardly be considered under the heading of Canadian sport. It might be more accurately described as a peculiar development of American business, as there is a powerful trust In the United States that exports manufactured baseball players, and we have no tariff against them.
Dealing with this subject, the Canadian Courier recently said: ‘ When a Canadian city desires to have professional baseball, the owners of the franchise go over to the United States and gather together a number of men who are making their livings by demonstrating the national game of their own country. They assume the name of the city for which they are playing,’ though of course the local loyalties of the community mean nothing to them. They will depart as soon as they can demand a higher salary elsewhere, and In the meantime they perform as efficiently as possible, not for the honor of the city, but because they hope some day to receive a better offer from a more important club. Under sucb an arrangement all the best elements of true sport must of necessity be lacking. A premium is put upon mere victory, no matter how it is attained. Canadians are asked to throw themselves into a mental attitude in which they can become enthusiastic over a bunch of men who owe their allegiance to another flag and another set of public ideals, and who in return for so much money received are willing to uphold for a season or two the glory (?) of a Canadian city.
Odds and Ends
Canadian Sport | And the War |
H Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Published every Thmreday
\t Shawville, County Pontiao, Que.
of Special Interest
The following Effects ate offered at a l*rgtiin, an every thing must l>e sold :
1 Horne,
1 Buggy,
I Cutter,
I one-horse Waggon (new),
.'I seta Harness,
l Blacksmith’s Outfits ami other
T
HE hockey season has returned again, and people are discovering that Canada's great winter sport, like the summer sports of the Dominion, Is being almost entirely played by the lads who have hardly reached military age. There are, of course, a few senior teams here and there throughout the Province of Ontario, for it is not necessary that the mon who cannot go to the front should cease to partake of healthy exercise, but on the whole hockey is
not what it was in former years, or what it will be when the war comes i to an end. What has happened to hockey this winter happened to lacrosse last summer, and to Rugby in the autumn. Cricket languished first among the games played in the Dominion as the Englishmen left for home as soon as Germany launched Itself upon the world. Then the Canadians began to put on khaki and as they lined up by the thousands, their national games began to show the effects. in 1915 there was a great deal of lacrosse played in Ontario, but in 1916 so many players had gone that scarcely a town could t produce a team. In 1915, the Rugby clouds were strong, but in 1916 they had ceased to exist. Hockey has fared just a little better because It requires only seven men to make up a team.
All this is as it shoqjd be and indicates that national games have a real relation to the national life. Canada has three typical national sports, lacrosse for the summer, Rugby for the autumn, and hockey for the winter. They all demand the same qualities of virile manhood, strength, speed, staying powers, and the ability to think quickly. They can only be played by men who are physically fit, and they have developed a splendid young Canadian type. There were people who used to criticize the amount of sport to be found in a Canadian town. In future they will have to be silent, as our athletes on the firing line have shown the value of games In developing the men of the nations. Persons who declared that the boys who played games took Interest in nothing else but were "sporting mad " have seen their mistake. The suspension of the hot key, lacrosse and Rugby in Canada for the duration of the war because of the absence of the players will always remain as a proof that characteristic national sports olay an itu-
SüBiOWPTIOW, $1 A Y HAÏ! IM A DT A MC II
UT All arrears must be paid up before any p iper Is discontinued.
Thrifty Buyers
, advertising rates.
L»g%| advertising, 10cents per line for Ht insertion and 5 cents per line or each hub*equont insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch i nsorted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcement# Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion nnd 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rate# which will be given on application.
Advertisement# received without In-at ructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry
sidelined.
2 Pairs Men’s Plain Etoffe Pants
9
Strong and Serviceable. Formerly $2 50, clearing out price $2 20.
tick
All | «ai tics indebted to the esta to of the late William Young art; Itindly re-«P listed to call and settle up within the next thirty days.

MRS. WM YOUNG.
Bristol, Jan. 20, 1917.
7 Pairs Men’s Striped Etoffe Pants
Extra Heavy—All Wool Formerly $3.50, clearing out price $2.75.
»
FOR SALE
I heeling Hay Loader,
I Hay Tedder,
I Frost & Wood Binder, l Deering 13 disk Drill (new),
1 M. H. I S disk Harrow,
1 IVrcival Walking Mow, No. 1,
I Royal Favorite Cook Stove,
I McC'lary ‘ Famous # Coal Stove,
A quant it) of Building Timber, 7x9 inches, 12 feet long.
All will be sold cheap for a quick
JOB PRINTING.
All kind# of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
2 Men’s Only all Wool Sweaters
Grey, with Red Trimmings. Last year’s price $1.25, to clear at 90c.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
St ll
A. 1\ SMITH.
1, Maryland, Que.,
JL H. X
< I
<>
5 Men’s Duck Jackets
Khaki Color, Heavy Weight, value $1.50. To clear out 75c.
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. Hoik.IN-. Rec.Secy.
l O. L. No. 87, meet» lot Tuesday of eat I»
Edm abu Dale W. M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on
tbe 1 tth of each month.
IL N. Homiinr,
\V. Comp, in Com
Incubators for Sale
C. 6. McDowell, W. M.
Present
l'raiire State Inciilmtor* for sale (new). Alio tor Male two .second hand machines.
Apply t
K. T. 1101)01 NS, Agent, ShawviJl
It BO. IIODGINS, Secy.
"The more one examines the characteristics of professional baseball, tbe more one feels that it is not so much a sport as it is a form of hot weather vaudeville done by carefully trained and high-priced artists. It cannot possibly develope club feeling or any of tbe spirit that ought to be found In true sport, but It does amuse large and mentally relaxai crowds for an afternoon. In all these respects it is like vaudeville. A
professional baseball - has been REPRESENTATIVE
<i cribed as a good advertisement.	1
It would be an equally good advertisement to engage Eva Tanguay and Eddie Foy, and to send them through the ‘big time' vaudeville circuit bill
ed as The Terrors of Toronto.’	I "CANADA'S GREATEST NL USURIES’’
• Because professional baseball ha, spring 1917 list now ready. Splendid continued to prosper in spite of the i list of hardy fruit and ornamental stock war, we must not say that Canadians suitable tor the province of Quebec, in-have failed to put aside their sport* [eluding M Into.sh I :	Apple, St.
Rk<¦ w Everbearing Raspberry, and many other leaders.
Start now.
2 Ladies' Sateen Wrappers
Black. Size 32. Formerly $2 00, clearing , out price $1.00,
Wood Wanted.
Rk<«. Hodcix*. Com. Scribe.
The Shaw ville School Board require at once, 5 cords good, dry hunt wood ; also l corda green hardwood, 2 ft, long, suitable for furnace.
Professional Cards.
E. T. IIODGINS,
Secretary.
5 Pieces of Wrapperette
If bought at the present time would be worth 20c. Clearing out at 10 and 12Ac.
DR. A. H. BEERS
WANTED
SURGEON DENTIST Campbklls Bay -
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	^	.
'Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
at once for Shaw ville and Di-triet
-FOR -
Quit.

G. F. HOGGINS GO


in tbe presence of more vital calls Professional baseball is a recognized form of public entertainment», something quite distinct from a nation's sports
Rugby unions, and our lacrosse associations are part of our national life, and must reflect the waves of feeling in tbe nation been sharply affected by the war because they are such a real part of Canada, and the history of the three games must be more or less inter-wined with the history of the Dominion."
Terms liberal
STONE and WELLINGTON The Font hi II Nurse rie* (Established 1H37>
Toronto
S. A. MACKAY
Our hocsey leagues, oui
Ont
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle, - - - Que.
They have
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
THE MINISTER OF FINANCE
Austin - First Tuesday Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Sta.rhs Corners, Second Thors,
Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday,
Yârm
1
ADVOCATE.
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visit Shawvllle “very Saturday.
In Cuba tobacco Is planted, grown znd gathered in ninety days.
REQUESTS
THE PEOPLE OF CANADA TO
• V
BEGIN NOW
HE WAS AN ARTIST.
And Made a Caricature of Hie Bose and
Lost Hi# Job.
D. R. BARRY. K.C.
A. T. Stewart was shown one dny by one of hi# confidential employees an | amusing caricature of himself done pencil.
"Good, good !" he laughed. “Thais excellent Who did it?'*
"A young salesman nt tbe linen coun-(èf. lie scratched It off as you passed the other morning. I managed to get it from him, and now he's scared stiff for fear you'll see It." was the laughing
reply.
-Beared stiff, is be?" said Mr. Stew.	_
art, with a twinkle In his eye. "Just SY*OPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTH •end him to me. will you 7"
A little later n slim youth entered Mr. Stewart's private office and said he understood he bad been sent for.
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, AC
TO SAVE MONEY FOR THS
NEXT WAR LOAN
I
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tr Visit* Shswvllle every Saturday.
• Last Monday,
of each month.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE OTTAWA
jam. e. ieir
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
196 Main St. - Hull.
West Land Regulations
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Cabourv, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
I ht sole head of a family, or any male o\cr in years old, may homestead a Yes," said Mr. Stewart gravely and, I quarter section of available Dominion holding op tbe sketch, asked, "Did you .lan<i in Manitoba, .Saskatchewan or AI-
do this?"
The lad grew pale and stammered:	at the Dominion Lands
-I beg your pardon, sir. It was only a 1
bit of fun. I meant no offense.”	L	Æ
"That's all very well, but you'll have Agency (but not Sub Agency), to give up your job here.”
The youth humbly protested, when
berta. Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lands Agency | Agency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands
'•I
1
or 8ub
TO INVESTORS
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed ne«day and Shawvllle every Saturday.
tain
Duties—Six months residence u Mr. Stewart burst out laughing and land cultivation of the land in eac_ said: "Don t say any more, my boy. three years. A homesteader may live I'm only Jolting. Tour sketch Is excel- ! within nine miles of his homestead on ?* lent, and as It would be n sin to keep a farm of at least 80 acres, on certain con man of your artistic talent behind a dit ions. A habitable house is required linen counter I propose to supply you except where residence is ; performed in with the means to study art "	the vicinity.
Mr. Stewart's proposition was grate- Live stock may be substituted for fully accepted, and It was thus that ! cultivation under certain conditions. John R. Rogers, the sculptor, began his In certain districts a homesteader in
I good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead Price $3.00 fier acre.
Duties— Six months residence in each ence about 1685, in tbe reign of Charles of three years after earning homestead II. That monarch bad a partiality for patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation music Anyhow, it was he who by a Pre-emption patent may be obtained as royal warrant which be issued In that soon as homestead patent, on certain year authorized tbe employment of condition* twelve musicians in "the company of the king's regiment of foot guards in London." Furthermore. In order to cure higher pay for the musicians than was granted to tbe other Tommies of that day the
estly" directed "that a fictitious ns ahoeld be borne on the strength of
IpOR
hof
GEORGE HYNES
HOSE WHO, FROM TIME TO TIME, HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT MAY PURCHASE
AT PAR
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Openallhours.
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
IN SUMS OF $800 OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF.
UNDERTAKING
First Military Bend.
Military bands first came Into exist-
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at any chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
and EMBALMING
HAYES * FINDLAY
SHAWVILLE
Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, In payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Proceeds of this stock are for war purposes only.
A settler who ha* exhausted his home stead right may take a purchased home stead in certain districts. Price $3.00 l«er acre
Duties Mu»t reside six months each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth #300.
W. W. CORY.
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior.
N. B.—( ^authorised publication af tliis advertisement will not be paid for
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.
All vails will receive prompt per
sonal attention
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and stock brokers on allotments made In respect of applications for this stock which bear their stamp.
J. V. FINDLAY
W. J HAYES.
? A'
naaa:
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE. OTTAWA OCTOBER W», I ft 4.
received for the payment of

t
la aU countries Ask for our INVENTONS ADVIgBR.whloe will he sent free.
MARION A MARION.
I
divided among tbe bandsmen, a
Equity ^dvts. Pay.

###PAGE###6###
and clutched at the pram to steady J eyes sought his anew, mute, implor-herself.
On he came. He was in khaki. He
»n g
'•Then there's only one wsy out of “One way out?” she echoed stupid
COALS OF FIRE
I
hud seen her. He recognized her.
"You!" he ejaculated, and looked ) from her to the child.
His dark eye# blazed on her. How “Beastly rough luck on you, Maislc, well she recalled him—his every featbeing saddled with a useless log of a ure, the trick of his eyes, the twitch of husband and sick child! Upon my his lips beneath his moustachioa when, j pave an additional lot.” SOUl, when l think of the future, 1 us now, be was mightily moved!
"Wh where did you spring from?
Her shaking lips would scarcely I tempted
it!”

I y
“One way out I” he reiterated She waited.
“And that is," he added


"to pre-
"If you knew"—she broke across him, distracted—"how—how I was
wish at times the Huns had put an other bullet in me!”
"Dont, Dick wife, with u cry of pain look at the future—anyway, not till ed after Friday.”
"Sketched your play-bills yeti* inquired the young man after a pause, broke down, her eye at the moment his face pinched and white above his lighting on one of her glaring playbills.
“Wh-what do you think of me she jerked out at last.
“What do I think of you!" he echo
protested the young frame the question
And don’t
lie raised his hand as if to stop her.
“Somewhere in France !” he answer- I The baby, with a crow of delight. .	J clutched at it wildly.
Look here, let’s go one better!” he She stammered hopelessly and ' pursued, ignoring her interruption.
"llow will something like this do?
"Tom Tapper, having returned unexpectedly from the Front, will contribute a couple of solos and join his pupil in a duet.”
Maisie stared up at him. speechless,
tweAvivrfete
"i—l
*7he blending
is prceptionaJ
scarlet necktie.
At the question the girl's delicate pencilled brows met in a frown.
"There's something wanting, Dick
—in the play-bills, ! mean. Exactly ed, puzzled. "1 once told you what 1 ' spellbound, her lovely eyes wide, her what, 1 don't quite know. It’s the thought of you!” he answered, drop- lips apart. n> f, to be u y. I need puffing ping his voice,
—cracking up! What’s in a name? “I don't mean that!” she cut across mered Bless you, just everything! I'm not him afraid I couldn't pfil the thing off once ! was started, but a name’s ‘Open sesame!' ”

THE LATE HR. ANSON MrKIM
T — Î don't understand!” she stain
As Seen By His I'aetor.
The following striking tribute to
Try as she would, she couldn't con-	told her, the	ghost of a	smile	flicker-	the lute Mr. Anson McKim
the	trol her eyes. They flickered over to	mg over his	gaunt features,	as he	cently given by Rex
the play-bill. It was impossible its	stood above her.	Griffin, pastor of the Church	of	the
She broke off as if struck by a sud	glaring scarlet headline could have	“You—you	don't- you	can't	mean	Messiah, Montreal, where the	deceas-
den thought	grey eyes	narrowed to	escaped him—his own name blazing in	it,	Tom ?" she breathed, in an	awed,	Qi\ worshipped for so many years and
pin-points.	She	drew	her	breath	capitals—impossible! She rushed into	incredulous whisper.	with which he was so closely identi-
shavp between her teeth.	apology—abject, grovelling.	“I mean it right enough!” he sssur- fled, sharing the responsibilities of
“Dick," she burst out, "I believe I'll “We we do things for people wv cd her, nodding. “And now, look here, office with his accustomed zealous* Some ( old-Weather Suggestions, risk jt!”	love we wouldn't do for ourselves!”, you've got to take a lesson from me care:	With th*	nt .hit
“Risk what, dear heart?"	she panted, incoherently. “Dick has	before Friday if you don’t	mean to	«‘The true wealth of a nation is its	inir devices and	sueh corofort* «« cnn.
Feverishly she forged ahead, un-	come home a	wreck! He needs |	cheat the public—though,	upon my	men. That nation is rich which has	Lertibl* bodies	tonneau heaters etc
heeding his question.	things. 1 hadn't	got them to give ;	aoul, I'm blessed if there’s	anything	citizens of large and generous na-	tj,, all-year-round use of the hiirh-	I
"Mow'd it do to describe myself as	him. And baby,	she’s been at death's	1 can teach you! Even in the old days,	turc of gifts trained by high purpose	_ra j motor car	has become un nlmn*t	tlme8 thc^presence of gasoline mixed
‘Maisie Maugham	pupil of the	world-	door. 1 was desperate! And—and I	>'vu	knoxv, you could knock spots off	and faithful industry, men of uner-	,	,	.	!\,	t\."	.	with	the	oil	in	the	base	on	account of
whistle still, but I'm nobody, and they	me.	Besides, when you’ve been	look-	ring rectitude and unimpeachable in- a	few	«iHro-eHiinn* m.v	h»	L	LZr condensation	in	the	cylinders,
want a name.”	ing death in the face daily, hourly, as tegrity of character. Mr. Anson Me- aa	and best metho<U this account extra care should
1 She stopped, out of breath. Against I'vv been doing ot late, you forget ' Kim, whose death was announced re- n«.Uriiiu’ the im.Mt nl»**#ant «ml taken to see that the oil base is fve-
even how to whistle!"	'	cently, was such a citizen. He came MivL wInter deration	quently drained and refilled with fresh
‘Tom!’ she cried. •‘Oh, l uni!” And ! from the best stock in* our Canadian .	.	,	oil. In very cold weather this should
As the quality of the gasoline on	be done at least every 1,000 miles.
the open market is continually de-	The grade of oil to use in cold wcath-
creasing, it is	becoming more and	or |s R medium heavy grade,
more important	to obtain the desired	To prcVent freezing the water-cir-
xvarm-weather operating conditions in	culatlng system we recommend simply
the motor at all times. Ihe auto-	the addition of either denatured or
mobile motor, equally as sensitive to	W(#<xi ftlcohol to the water.
men.	i1 ie , ^ a# the human organism to make a solution which will not
"He continued in his	nature the	snou ' have extra covering in cold	freeze up to t*n degrees below zero,
contrasts	which mark	the well-	wcftth^r- An ,lieal warm-weather	remove two gallons of water from the
rounded	and	balanced	life.	The	saga-	°Pt‘rMt,un van be secured by having	circulating system, and replace it with
city	which	made	him	successful	in	. power plant	and the surrounding	two gallons of alcohol. It must, of
large and exacting business enter- ai! un<ier	^cpt warm, as in course, be borne in mind that alcohol
'summer. Forunately this Is com-	g
‘And yet it's plain as daylight!" he
was re F roderick R
in cold wAther on account of low-test gasoline arc difficult Marling, missing fire, inefficient running for some time after the engine Is started, fouling of spark plugs, and some-
tin
famed whistler, Tom Tapper’?" Tom’s name would be a
be
draw"
dead certain!
"But, my darling girl, you never her will, and forced by the mesmer hail a !<• m from Tapper in your 1>m “f his eyes, she nv-i-ied in the di
life!"	rection of the blazing play-bill. « lump rose in her throat and a mist Hfe, being endowed with those ex
“You've got a name. ] thought if I before her eyes put ‘Pupil of Tom Tapper,’ it would herently
Somehow”—tnco- ceptional abilities which enabled him it doesn't seem as if you
She didn't hear him. It wasn't ex Bctly “straight,” maybe. Thus she re
fleeted. But for Dick and the child! double—treble my chances of getting j were quite—quite you—the old Tom!"
And and it wouldn't “I'm net, my girl! Vm free tu confess it! See here, you go out there It rushed through her brain, here one chap, and you come back another."
to take by sheer merit a foremost place in the business life of the country, and with those dispositions and Ideal a w hich won for him such affection and honor as come to few
Heavens! She'd do more than that ! an audience Anti it wasn't cheating—not quite! hurt you She could whistle as well as Tapper
any day. They'd get their money's WH8 her companion's chance of wreak-
worth, whoever came	to	the	concert	in£ his vengeance on lier,	and he	Next day flaming orange-colored
on Friday.	would take it!	handbills fluttered down in an ava-
“Maisie!"	He hud always hated Dick. The two lanche on Mudbury, being scattered
“Yes. dear!"	had never hit	it off—never! And	over the place by industrious young
“You should have	married	Tapper,	Dick had rather	“rubbed it	In"—his	maidens engaged for the purpose, an-
confound	him!	Why	didn’t	you?	He	triumph over him. He had made it	Mounting that:	prises was no more striking	than the
was an keen	as	mustard	in	the	old	glaringly plain to his defeated	rival Tom Tapper,	the world-famous	sympathy which made him a	generous	P*™lv*»y	easy to	accomplish, since
days!"	that he felt himself “top dog."	, whistler, had unexpectedly returned supporter of scores of humanitarian . motor is itself constantly generate
“Because, dear boy. as it happened, s^e trembled as she realized that from the Front, and would support | interests. The strength which en- mg leat:	^ wel1 to U8e a radiator
I preferred you."	i the man at her side held her in the his pupil, Maisie Maughan, at the mb led him to organize and develop <uvvl wlt“ 8,1 adjustable opening so
“Funny taste, upon niv soul! Tapper	his hand, so to speak—held Town Hall on Friday evening."	large undertakings was not more con- af prevent.excess cooling in extreme
hated me like poison," proceeded the D*vk and baby as well- and that he	.	.	.	. epicuous than the gentleness and I'Teather' H is also well to see that
whuld be merciless.	______ “Dick—Dick, wasn't it splendid of friendliness which endeared him to an . carburetor has a hot-air connec- Radiator Curtain for Winter.
She had fallen silent. There	was a	him?" demanded	Maisie,	her lovely	astonishingly wide circle of	friends, i	tl<^l l° .	,ntR.ke	eo that the	jXiring	the	winter months	the	mot-
pa use - a pause that seemed an	ctern-	face aglow, the clapping	and stamp-	young and old. A lis? of the	positions	' air ls	preheated when going into	origt	w|jj	flnd	^is	car mucf|	casjer	to
a Uy toithe woman.	ing still ringing in her tingling ears, which he held in business life, in | , carburetor. The newer cars are 8tart if B radlntor curtain is provided.
•Where's your husband?"	as she perched herself on the edge	clubs, in the church and in public wel-1 *.	xutl1 an air-chokmg de-	geeping t^e motor	reasonably hot will
She nodded in the direction	of a	row	of her husband’s couch when the thing	faro movements would show the ver-! .v,c® wh	. g,vÿ an over-rich car‘	ttiFO .11 *0 ,ke	fuei economy A
of dingy tenement,.	n. over.	utility uf hie talents and would indi-, ,or m.xturet^ aid in starting and Retient curtain may be ZetrucV
We ve got rooms there for the time If only you could have been there! cate in a measure the confidence and , ,Mp“ v vvarromg up the motor.	^d a8 ^tlowst Take a atrip of lum-
^V!.ng."	1 believe Tom was us delighted as I respect in which he was held.	| With regard to the quality of gas- ber a half inch thick and two inches
‘ lake me to him!" lie commanded, was. Oh, and at the end—what do "He loved music and pictures, he °line; In some localities the gas- wide| an(j ua iong ag the width of the and there was an	expression in	his	.vou think? Tom’s agent was there,	rejoiced in the beauties of nature,1 «line commonly offered for distribution	radiator. Near each end	mount a
eyes that brought	her heart to	her	I and offered me a London engagement	was fond of healthful sports, was a	*s of poorer quality than in others,	shade-roller bracket. Cut	a curtain
“How	does	this	sound?"	She	ad-	.m<luth' he mean to humiliate	her	for next week. Dick, I’m made!"	reader of good books, and delightful	but it is	now almost always possible	roller to fit the brackets and fasten
dressed	her	husband.	“ ‘Maisie	to ,nvIude D,vk	in	the I "Jolly decent!" agreed the man.	in the companionship of friends; he	to obtain	a higher test gasoline, which,	the curtain to it.	Attach the strip
Maughan,	artiste,	pupil of	the	world-	cîlalmg he n1u>a,nl	to g,v« lhvm both ?	Then, after a pause, and with a queer	took his life work seriously, but felt	generally speaking, will prove more	near the bottom of the radiator with
renowned	Tom Tapper/	That	ought	, wondered. detracted, what	was	laugh: Gives me a feeling here, don’t	that the great work of life was to	vfficient in cold weather than a low	two mM boita. Fasten	a strong
to fetch them! Why ‘Dick Tappers'	'!'* Penalty shed have to pay for this	you know ’-he tapped his cheat as	spread abroad a larger and	more	teRt- 1» this connection bear in	ford to edge of curtain	and	run
a name to conjure with!"	thing she had done. She shivered at	he spoke -“of-of coals of fire!”—	generous happiness among his	fellow	mind, however, that high-test gasoline	through radiator and under	hood	and
He nodded approval.	the th.0UKht of P°S8*ble prison! Tap-	London Answers.	men.	does not necessarily mean better gas
“Better get them thrown off it P<‘r	vxatt to tho uttermost far-	-	-*-- “He made Montreal and Canada olme. jn some cases a very light
..."» j^ STORMY WEATHER	*-^
. .u „ , ..u 108,611 him aBide- Her own -oui ha,I	^	“ n LAII1LA	-----*------ low boiling point that It cannot be
Sr mJn’ P?-ng °» / U1 v' W.,th l,een mirror clear at the time, but he	HARD ON BARY	Making Sure Of It.	handled in an ordinary carburetor,and
Mudbury blazed with the announce* iT'n %t""'"a coqwt""	--- ‘Its a fine morning. Mike," said the U^ av<'idFd_
“Maisie"-,has Mrs. Richard Sel- ! humble he^If jÆ £ l	a™ «^n confined to overheated, bad- ^ *•	_	have ..sued a circular to inspector,
lars-wheeled out her invalid child the r i^ht turn awav his wrath	Iy ventilated rooms and catch colds Sur®» ,	1 hls honor	me *nd t€mcher§ that in order to assist
EÎSrHSJëiSHèïS'SaSSiHH 3%%=	f
•nd""-a*z ™:<; •»'" s.f,ZtZAfZS'*’	"" j*5T5lw%	... ...
SSs...............	EE5-ES-St TSE.. „
e>es stared up at him. There was	member that everything has been aug- Ontario would be increased hv II trile should open, air	|
DM w 5ESS JSjt5Str*S 5*	6y	________ BS-...........................
i„- ». .............„-h„,i::,z	. - BsésssCfô
one-time lover! Impossible! Incre-I	“It's too late to alter the hand ,	\\	/ V" performing a	litter, together with a mash mixture	r.ntain u/k.«	l	II thLe pVerlf?,fl	e lrlal*,
s MXsrjSM	r & 2 s	a/z-sarir^	se	II se«=»
—_	_	__	• l' ity	mg to the Ohio Experiment Station. M y lhree blaala on * whistle.
IV
In order
evaporates somewhat more rapidly than the water, eo that in order to keep the solution at its original strength it is desirable when refilling during the winter weather to use half water and half alcohol.
speaker. “You'd have done a lot bet ter for yourself if you'd married Tap
per
“Depends on what you mean by lot better
“Plain as a pike-staff. He's at thev top of the tree!”
“He's at the Front," she rejoined absently. “So I’ve heard!*'—then drew a pencil and paper to her and scribbled a rough draft of a play-
; • •
bill
pass through a hole in the dash. Now fasten a small ring to the end of void. To provide for different adjustments, screw several hooks into the dash at intervals, over which the ring may be Flipped
wind the curtain may be set to shut out most of ?he air.
When going toward a brisk
Habits at first aie cobwebs and at last chains.
Green cut bone is a good egg producer, nourishes the feathers and keeps hens in good health.
Make Gardens Productive
per
FOR A BAD COUGH
Thla
ake full half a pint when one tableapoonfn! «
Take
day.
Mechanically Maisie turned
of a sudden, her heart seemed to stop, the blood drummed in her ears and hammered on her brain senses play her false, or was it real
PM Of
paasaj"
so you It !» easy to pr?
clear up
van
\l
/
IT5CEM3 TO me THAT 1 Wow, NOW, HELEN -
Vovr stag Banquet I ve got a great lasted late enough! I Joke to Tell
~ ¦ V------- 1 ¦ J. Nov - so .—j
<	)	l PonY scold
well what» Nour / the. joke is on Bert F|innN SToRNf letS| green Nod know he is
HeAR lTj	p a HAT SALESMAN AND HE.
CAN TRUTHFVU-N "OtAT HE HAS NOT KISSED
6AN WHAT f ANN Woman tvr His own ------——vnr1 wife since he WAS
,L .A MARRIED, and A GUI GETS J VP AND 3AT4 *MWE ME A tJjtf ’ WAT, | WAS MARRIED
hbsterdan " I—:—
WELL, WHERE IS THE WAT HE GAVE NOU ?

I otTS UP and savs he'll
give a NEW HAT To EVECV MARRIED MAN WHO CM
trvthfullv S 5AN -
I
1


[ff.

__ A

'
i
i
¦t


%
r

«è
%
»

i
i
K
* »

V.
»

%

l
• %u*


Â
7


&
rIs
l

à
a
/



<Ljl.. A
###PAGE###7###
Watch Your Sneeze! *dorned W|th the ubiquitous embroider In cross-etitcli, beads or daming-atltch.
Z«H BUKCUIIEDI*2M0ITHSlS:i:', ", SLTÆS
seed in Kngîand, whore it is worth «bout one hundred dollars a ton.
The healing power of Zam-Buk 1, ao JThirh %*** ccnU * pound, de-much greater than that of other olnt- ',veretl‘ In the Pftak sunflower seeds inents, that It has cured In many cames have *,een bought for need purposes to *hen all other ointments have failed. ^ee<* birds and poultry, but large One such Instance la that of Mr. Karle quantities are now crushed in E. Gardiner, of Marquis, Bask., who to extract the oil, which is used in the writes:	" For two years I suffered manufacture of
with a bad attack of malt-rheum on my firial butter
asstfSS “ ™ -=a s
Then I heard of Zam-Buk, and com- . which is scarce and high menced using It. After the first few Pncef*. He «ays there is unlimited op applications I noticed an Improve- P°t tunities to do a largo business in ment, and this encouraged me to con- sunflower seeds.
?
It may .be the forerunner of bronchitis or a bad cold. It
is nature* warning that your The ,k.tch mu.tr.te. . wou„ of
DOuJf IS ill tl receptive con- chiffon made to be worn outside the
dition for germs. The way Hkirt» ¦ 8ty,e which increases in popu-
«°	«gainst aSY^,*	“™. u» l.M
COlQ is tO increase warmth and back from shoulder to shoulder, and vitality by eating ,s âIso proving very popular
that bill US healthy muscle price of plain chiffon is placed over and red blood. For break- the shoulder. Shirred pockets at the With milk or cream or C(**e °* the peplum, and the ribbon dem ™cal with fresh fruits.
tailored bow directly in front, are special style features worthy of consideration, for they appear in many of the new models, va tlî© nature of the
NOT

¦-1

oM

Blouses of Chiffon
3
Has been Canada's favorite yeast for A$T	more than forty
years.
Enough for 5c. to produce 50 large loaves of fine, wholesome nourishing home made bread. Do i not experiment, there is nothing M just as good.
r
After 2 Years* Useless Treetme.it.
JL
in
w
v ^


The neck
&
order
I
This
margarine», or arti-Mr. Johnstone states
tmcoww
!
0» ONTO,
fit*
MADC IN CANADA
For Stiff Neck
making their way among the very sprain* and muscle stiffness, have eruptions, etc. At all drug stores^Oc. the economic growth of these seeds sheer materials which are now being a bottle handy.	box, or from Zam-Buk Co.,
****'	Quickly penetretes and soothes, cleaner
The tailored skirt with large pockets ,jla.n plasters or ointments, does not
placed over the Inverted pleats at the	*	!k,n\
aides is one of the newest modes in	Atsll dnagists, 25c. 50c, sad $1.00.
separat skirts.
oyster-white tussur
These pattern# may be obtained from your local McCall dealer of from the McCall Company 70 Bond St., Toronto, Dept. W.
EWGIILETT CO. LTD

war
rytng according to (feaign.

TORONTO. ONT.
WINNIPEG MONTREAL
Didn’t Like It.
'Mamma, I want a dark breakfast.** "Dark breakfast? What do mean, child ?”
“Why, last night you told Mary to
give me a light supper, and I didn’t like it"
m Canada

From Up Among The Yukon Snows
you
sities of life. Each person is entitled to seven pound* of bread and twelve pound* of potatoes weekly. Food riots with loss of life day. Most of the restaurants closed. Thousands of starving people I
hang around the *oup kitchens, I Comes Advice to Sufferers to
secure a recommendation from the	---- H*6 f“‘1.mK memory ?”
FROM SUNSET COAST	N"" ”yhl,'",r
Bare-bodied people are
Made in Canada.
The skirts is of
Sloan's
Liniment
occur every
are
Mlnari’e Liniment Cores Distemper,
4 Forecast Of Spring
Not Sure
/tv/ L s /vv/y
PALE, FEEBLE GIRLS
Although we are still in the grip of	----
winter, thoughts of lighter clothes to Weakness Generally Comes On
£ xzttrsLSr. ap,
ately after the holiday season the Girls upon the threshold of woman-shops begin to show a tempting array hood often drift into a decline in spite dresses and light suits, for of all care and attention. How often r that the exodus to warmer one sees girls who have been strong
climes begins to take place. Those andjively become suddenly weak, Je- Progress of the Great West Toli of us who either from choice or noces- pressed, irritable and listless. It is sity must nee the winter through in the dawn of womanhood—a crisis in ' the cold regions, may still contemplate the life of every girl—and prompt1 the style that are offered for Southern measures should be taken to keep the wear, for thpy are a pretty accurate blood pure and rich with the red tint forecast of what will be worn when of health. If the blood is not healthy
The delicate lingerie dress this sea- ened and grave disorders follow. Dr. son is of Gebrgette, chiffon cloth or Williams Vink Pills have saved thousands of young girls from what might have been lifelong invalidism or an early death. They are a blood-builder of unequalled richness, strengthening weak nerves and producing a liberal supply of red, healthy blood which every girl needs to sustain her strength. Dr. Williams Pink Pills have proved their great value over and over again to young women whose health was failing. Miss A. Stern-burg, Haileyhury Road, New Liskeard,
Ont., says:—"I have much reason to l>e grateful to Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills as they restored me to health, if, indeed, they did not save my life. In 1914 I began to feel run down, and the doctor who was called in said that mine was a had case of anaemia. 1 lost flesh, always felt tired, and I got so nervous that I could scarcely hold
a cup to take a drink. My heart	,	- D ..	„	^
would flutter alarmingly. The doctor . ^	at, ( ran:
did not »eem to be able to help me at	ma.?e a 8fn3aUonal Jal(j
all and my family and friend, all °n„l 0 of.the ^ P00' room" on Sun
ZKtlr iV-tl'L WrV™, British Columbia ,o
some weeks when an aunt came to aee me and urged that I try Dr. Wil- ,... ¦
ing the northern part of the province and $10,000 more has been authorized for bounty money at B.C.
Them to Fail
mm
».... _, * _	Bar vrtis*e«=
Irom ,h, „.d„ li„n.„ .1 Van- ^	^	•MA Kid,., PHI. h„„
iS SStSS“r
,,	.	...	...	, rule. All nationalities of Warsaw rf mv f • i	.
Fresh halibut is selling at the flrmly decided not to enlist in the Po- u ty Znernds comLpla,n of even a highest price on record at the Sound iish army unless forced to do so." ^ache I treat them with Dodd’s ¦
City, 17 cents a pound.	_	Kidney I ills and they never fail to I AWn
do good.	I /
“It always gives me pleasure to I ‘ say a good word for Dodd’s Kidney ¦ v *
Pills.”
Dodd's Kidney Pills cure all kidney ills from backache to rheumatism,
Bright’s disease and heart disease.
These troubles come from sick kidneys. That’s why Dodd’s Kidney Pills cure them.
WHAT THE WESTERN PEOPLE
ARE DOING.
•f thin r It is now
In • Few Pointed
sale In good Ontario The most useful and Interesting -------Full information on
Paragraphs.
MISCELLANEOUS
couver
"Both'mÿülf Tmi ' C	T.Uny
my family have the greatest faith in out by our home treatment. Write their medicinal qualities. When any & Lim*tiS°	“*d,tU
at this critical stage the body is weak
i
BOOK OS
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
N«II«d free to soy eiMres* by tbe Author
„	„ H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Int.
0l( Riim4ms||18 Weil 31.1 Strwl, New Yerl.
Vancouver jitney-men are operating on routes mapped out by amendments to the city by-law.
SUNFLOWER SEED WANTED
«
Am rlea’s Pioneer
A Yukoner, Robert Fenwick, writes England Uses It In the Making of
from overseas that he has not been	Artificial Butter,
killed, as reported from France.	gMgggggg	gggggfgM
The school children of B.C. have I According to a report made to the sent to the Lieut.-Governor the sum I Trade and Commerce Department by of $28,032.13 for the Belgian Relief, j Canadian Trade Commissioner John-Of the 60 men who applied for the i ston of Bristol, sunflowers grown in R FC. at Vancouver, about 14 were Canadian back yards may be made accepted by Capt. Lord Alastair Innes-KcrrJMlBjHBIBiHHl
n
*rR
PATENTS
Ain all countries
'
7
*
Rising to the Occasion
Book “Patent Protection'* Free
One battalion of the local Tenitor- BABCOCK & SONS
ials had challenged another to a sham Formerly I\*trnt Office Eeeroinrr. E*tab. 1877
W ST. JAMES ST., MONTREAL
The defenders took possession of h Brlnch**! OttlW. and #fwhln%*on
1 magnificent position on a cinder *heap I overlooking the six-foot-wide river. To j make themselves secure, they “blew up” the only bridge, by simply posting up a notice to say that they had done
Operations at the Fernie mines, B.C., have been suspended until the men are satisfied on the question of wages. .
fight

/
When baying your Piano In*(at on having an
"OTTO HIGEL" PIANO ACTION
4
X
so
Imagine, then, their indignation when they saw the ènemy clamly crossing the bridge, every man holding his rifle over his head with arm, and waving the other frantically in front of him.
"Here, I «ay. you know!" called out ya the captain of the defenders, angrily,
¦ I “you can’t cross that bridge! Can’t D you see it’s supposed to l»e blown up.” g1 "That’s all right," replied the attacking sergeant, calmly. ‘ We’re not crossing the bridge. Can’t you see Si | we’re supposed to be swimming?''	I
|| Reduces Bursal Enlargements, 11	Thickened, Swollen Tissues,
j ÊA Curbs, Filled Tendons, Sore-
Sorry. sir," said the rural police- W "ess from Bruises o* Strains; men, producing his notebook, “but1 A3 W «tops Spavin Lameness, ills vs pain, you’ve exceeded the speed limit hy ten O iDo“ noîbli',er' "move the Wit or
-irzrz;' »• ,, , j	&k
I have done nothing of the kind,”, ABSORBINE, JR., for mankind in retorted the motorist, and, besides sntiseptir finiment for brnises, cuts, wounds,
strains, painful, swollen veins or glands. It j’j) heals and soothes. $1.00 a bottle at druggists or postpaid. Will tell you more if y write. Made in the 17. S. A. by W F y DUNG. P. 0 F.. MS l,mans Bldg., Montreal. Can. •bsarbise sod Abssrbtee. Ji.. sr* sud: Is LsaaSk
/•
the United States of paper for 191fi 1 show an increase of 10,000,000 pounds
— -Z.

one
Irlificial Teeth Bought
<• UOC1LL
V

-V

Sen-! jM > .ur old false teeth ( Jutes and sold aah valu» by return mall
Cold & Platinum Refining Co.,
24 Adelaide St. Wee*. Toronto

We remit beat
fP
758^7607
Guard Your Baby’s Health
ABSORBINE
** \ TRACE MAAf. QIG.US.PAT Off.
Wouldn't Disturb Him

(heerful, (hubby Children Make the Home Happy
Weak, puny babies are a constant care to tired mothers and are subject to many diseases that do not affect healthy children.
Keep your children in good health. See that their bowels move regular!v especially during the teething period. This is a distressing time in the life of every child and the utmost precaution should be taken to keep them well and strong.
By the consistent use of
THE AUTO IN WAR
Every Nation in Every Clime l
Motorcar.

A Pleasant Healthful Habit
i "Well, if you don't believe call the sergeant, bein' as it ! as took the time I yorder.”
i “Don’t trouble to. do that,” was the H Hi Would
me
The battle of the Marne became a	___
French success partly by virtue of the	ft
motorcar. ( ieneral Gallieni’s “auto- ________
Granulated Eyelids,
Eyes inflamed by exposure to See, Das#and WM
ou
was îm
He’s in the pigsty
mobile army” was nothing more or	ouickly relieved by Hurls#
less than a reserve army of poilus	CS CyeReeeiy. NoSmar . g,
ar Js\sr .s sa
P»ri» towerd a vulnerable point in the Dniggi.tior Mattoe treUmedf Câ.,CMcaee invading German line. Automobiles of every description were used—taxi cabs, touring cars, commercial trucks,
'	'motortruck» |	Sur' ”‘ *nd
were used by the Italian army in pre- '	Return to Russian Rule
paring for its advance against Gorizia.
prompt reply
A daily ration of G rape-Nuts and cream to a splendid food for thoee who want vigor and energy, f
sooner pay fifty times than disturb the sergeant at his meals."


Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
STARV ATION IN ROLAND
HOTÏ.V

The Nova Scotia Lumber King

says
Grape-Nuts
“I consider MINARD’S LINIMENT the best LINIMENT in use.
I got my foot badly jammed lately. I bathed it well with MINARD’S LINIMENT and it was as well as ever next day.
tw uutcBT ntmoor nmr
¦hotel m TIE WORLD .
it is possible to avoid many childish ills now so prevalent.
It is a corrective for diarrhtra, colic and other infantile ailments. It soothes the fretting babv and permits the child to sleep well and grow healthy. It brings comfort and relief to both child and mother. .

Vivid stories of the sufferings of > They transported 500,000 men, 86,000 the people of Poland under the Ger animals, 16,000 vehicle* and large1 man yoke are told by a Canadian wo quantities of supplies to the front, cording to dispatches
The Spirit of
erica at play i
18	* concentrated
health-food made from choice whole wheat and mslted barley. It retains the vital min*"&! elements of the
ac-j man, who with her six-year-old daugh-About 1000 ter, succeeded in getting away from motorcar* were used in rushing 100,- Warsaw in December.
000 men to strategic points along the “Most of the Warsaw factories are
fhe troop cars averag- closed, ’ she states, “and many of the ed 126 miles a day, it ia reported

' I».
Yours very truly,
t. g. McMullen
9. W. Mott. Mgr

battle line
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
Makes Cheerful, Chubby Children
OS
ON
, manufacturers are working for a liv. F’i ‘iir-e* fri.m " ' * i war theatres ing aa peddlers and small merchants, show that i he motorcar has replaced All the rich merchants left for Rus-in part the dromedary as a transporter sis before the city was invaded by the of munitions and supplies for the Germane. The great majority of the Turkish armies in Mesopotamia and ! population is starving
*ïïirl« 1	! tern Is used in doling out the noces
The British “tank* is the familiar1
automobile heavily armored and equip
pod with caterpillar wheels t) til
stretch across trenches and other de
pression» like the feet of their
sake.
TRIAL
She Fixed Them. -
A little girl about fivj or six years old watt sent by her sister to post a
letter. V he letter was heavy ihf ¦.MWCREAM was told to have it weighed and, if
necessary, to buy and affix another1 § ERA RAT
4rruxuxifi >
frain so essential to
mur
/
thorough nourishment of body and brain, but lacking in many other

A card ays
vl


taint no opium, morphiae nor any of their derivatives. It is soothing, pleas
A 901 ID rooposition t»
To the surpr
l-f her sister, she turned triumphantly with the penny.
“Didn't you get it weighed the sister.
can
nr*
Every table should its daily ration of Crape-Net».
“There's a Reason”
I" prim, gygllty, |lr or also of

said
•er r
name-
Fvwl a «fl** tm

é

used it and millions of
wti*0k iltostratos larger
“Oh, no," replied the
whoa
in.*’

wee mite
Hew Ta Tell The
Town Lady (in country)—“Hew old For Dyspopoiâ, Indirestion,
to your row?"	Partner—“Two.” ritor"_m> aunaek. Om
Tew™e“,"4ul1 UwtT" v\'snàil
V Met water after anting, tg pm 0*ea y ennt. and harmlaee to um nn4 given In / ntnat relief from nil for— w eteeeeofc ileerOar. #eW by éniggüte lyarvbsrs
body wax looking I popped it Monthly Payment PImi
itTS*

T
Sfc^gr.
.te/V alt J
sit tm C
Lady
Al «CPAtATOt
Sir.
Of
? ¦
dust or ashes will

stupid:
z
1881 B Ne
•17.
1 J

###PAGE###8###
RUSSIA’S GREAT RAILWAY.
1
THE MARKETS.
It Runs From Moscow to Vladivostok a Distance of kOOO Miles.
It was Alexander III. who first realised the possibility of making n railway across the whole length of the continent, and In the year 18U2 Ills son. Czar Nicholas II., laid the tirst atone at Vladivostok. This was done In order to guard the newly acquired territories of the valleys of tho Amur and Ussuri from the Inroads of other nations; the railways would thus facilitate the transport of troops If necessary. It covers « distance of G.000 miles from Moscow to Vladivostok. The Russian government voted £40,000.000 for Its ••oustruction, and It was completed lu eleven years.
It takes three days to reach Zlatoust, In the Ural mountains. There Is to be
% Shawl Boot aoh Shoe Store
When you require Printing
call at
>
SHAW Vil LE
Flour per barrel $0.50 Wheat, pei bushel. $1.00 to 1.70. Oats, per bushel, 55c.
Means per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs, prlntaand rolls :UV Potatoes per bag. 1.50c.
Eggs per dosen 40c.
Wool, washed, 48c.
Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Belts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each (100 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
The Best Way
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
to avoid paying high prices for Shoes is to buy now, as spring stock is bound to be at least fifteen or twenty per cent higher than present prices and are still soaring.
L
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
Thefollowingare last Sat unlays quoi at ions :
Butter, in prints 45c t o >0c Butter in pails 40 to 43c Kggs. fresh, per dozen 55 to 00c / Potatoes per hag. $2. 4)
Pork per 100 lbs $14.00 to 18.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $U to $14 Oats per bushel 70c Iiav per ton 10.00 to 11.00
seen the famous “stone of parting."
Could It speak, what a number ot heartrending talcs it could tell. When criminals ami political prisoners were sent to Siberia that "great lone land'1
of lbs cast, their friends usually bade I I wish all who owe me would call St my them good by la the presence of the office lu Shawvllle and settle accounts
‘Immediately.
NOTICE
NOTICE
All parties having claims against the estate of the late William llodglna, of North Clarendon, are hereby notified to file the same with me. on or before the 28th day of February, instant. After that date claims still outstanding will not be considered.

We Are Still Selling1
great many Lines of Goods at
Last Spring’s Prices
but stock wont last long, so you will save money by buying now.
void stone.
From Zlatoust the main line proceed# to Omsk, whence It reaches the shore# of Lake Baikal, one of the largest fresh water lakes in the world. Some-
J. NV ARMSTRONG, M. I)
Montreal, Que
• ?
Tenders Wanted
JAS. M. HODGIN8,
Charteris, R. R. No. 2.
WANTED NOW
a
Tender, will be received by the llm” nowlane term It “Ibe b<ÿ Secretary of the Clarendon Council for eea' Nn-ame an lslaud In the lake
the building of n cement culvert over w"f b* i6'011 .l0 bc lhe llabolde] of A reliable agent in your home die-
i:*" « " -	'¦> ssisra: ;
nuN. on to the steamer on I.uke Bal-kal. This steamer was built at New-
When you want the best valu for your
. money n ..
SHINGLES
at $1.65 per M and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboaitfs Flooring End Matched Hardwood Floor ing. Mouldings Doom etc try
A. F. CAMPBELL.
box 55
We have over 600 acres
of the finest varieties of fruit and orna mental trees, including now varieties of apples which we control. Reliable trees castle, ami was fitted with powerful | only sold. Established 35 years. Write to
screws, which could bo driven through
Ice four feet thick. Now the railway
is	the
A dwelling house, woodshed, carriage I Baikal.—Tearson’s Weekly, house, stable, henhouse and yard, well,	---------------
"'tyl romance and the saddle.
THOMAS MAJOR,
•Shawville, (Que
K. T. HODOINS,
Sec notary
PELHAM NURSERY CO Toronto.
For Sale or Rent
Arnprior, Ont.
P. E. SMILEY.
Clatter of Hoofs and Jingle of Spurs Fire the Imagination.
Romance likes to come on hor>cback. The Jingling spurs ami bridle Irons chant a happy paean In Ills cars, and RIO Arms nil arable, the property I from the saddle, as from the throne, of the late Noble Armstrong, 8th he looks out over the workaday world.
I |„,*nwlnn	Romance always has been linked with
riding. In the playroom, mounted on a gallant rocking chair, youth rides into a land of gulden deeds; later be swings In long gallops on the faithful hobbyhorse into spicy and fugitive adventure. To the |«ge ou n prancing palfrey and to the cavalryman in khaki the lure of romance is the same. The rhythm of galloping hoofs thuds always in the Imagination, the lady's favor on the lane© and the quivering scarlet guidon flutter alike a mysterious and eternal challenge to the spirit of youth. "To horse and away/’ and all the world's lie fore one.
MAKE YOUR DOLLARS
Local and District.
FARM FOR SALE.
Tenders for Fencing
FIGHT
Tender.-* will 1*> received up to one o'clock. 1». in., Saturday, March 3rd, 1917, for fencing No. *2 School («rounds two sides ; also for fencing No. 12-1» Grounds. Plans and specification^ may U* seen at my office.
You undoubtedly have a lew new pictures you would like framed, and see specialty
Call
Picture framing a
miples II. IMIsON
Si
15 to 20 acres wood, balance improved land, Maid to be 50 acres ploughed. Fine deep loam, two good dwelling houses with barns and stables. Goo<l water. Five minutes walk to sc I I; two mile» to nearest church ; two miles to Green Lake, n beautiful summer resort ; four miles from thriving village of Shaw ville. Possession May 1st. Special price for quick sale. For particular* write
MRS. MATHESON, Shawvillc, or
W. J. SKELTON. Weston, Ont.
a
February Rod and Gun
In the February issue of Rod ami
(dm, now on the news-stands. Boiinyvastle Dale, the naturalist writer, describes in ”Hunting wit h the Modern Camera" the methods by whieli ho gets near enough to the forest birds and beasts to take *-ome of the remarkable photographs with which his stories are
The only danger from falls and falling trees, hr says. “There is not anything in
the woods of North America that will attack you if unmolested."
Wood-duck,”
William#, supplements the eovei picture for this month which rc. traduces in coh n s t hat are 11 m- to
life tlii-
j mi rativel y scarce species oi dock.
“Old Frying Fan. a bear story by II. V. llnddnu, “Hawks and Other Game Destroyers" by Kegin ild Gom lay. “With a Watch and
With tin Timber
etc..
etc. along with the regular departments which are well maintained, make up a particularly interesting number of this premier Canadian magazine of outdoor life. W. J. Taylor. Ltd., Woodstock, Out.. D the publisher.
M. A MvKINLKY,
Asst. Sec.-Ti J. 1917._____
BUY
DOMINION OF CANADA
Shaw ville, Fvl
Seed Sale
THREE YEAR
Thé Shawville Seed Ventre <>tivn tin following Seed for sale ; -
Improved Banner (Fits l*i>o»i lui>heN at $1.00 per bushel.
Improved Arthur lVas :r»0 bushels at $3.00 lar bushel.
Also a large quantity of home grown tier! Glover, A bike and Tillin'
Seed.
Anyone wishing to obtain < hitavio i Despite the announcement of the grown Seed Corn on the cob can obtain , government that expenditures are to the same through the Shaw ville Seed 11 * cut to the bone and that the work Centre, by giving tbeii orders t the I an tlu Welland Canal and other Mg President or Secretary.	undertaking» would cease, requests
\ \ \RMSTR(>X< ». President, or the expenditure of public moneys
t1 11 1K) DCK. Sec. Treat.	f°r	building railways and public
works continue to come in to the Government
thow a surprising lack of know-edge of conditions and make one
res.’rsusr.'zs.r"*
and also tor Wood will Is; revived \\ The British Government has made the undersigned up to February 24' n. x request for 1,500 miles of rails for Wood (:i5 corda) H) corda ut dry ; argent military purposes in France mixed wood, 10 corda green hardwood, 4nd Canada Is able to supply the and 15 cords green soft wood.	% hole demand if necessary without
All to be sound and two feet lung ninl mpairing to any extent her transFactory by conation facilities. This is the result of the railway building programme carried on by the late administration. There is this justification, however, that this extravagant programme was originated and de-ieloped in the piping times of peace.
To-day the Government is in receipt of applications for subsidies lot only for steam railways, but there is a demand that a new door of expenditure be opened in the shape )f subsidies for etectric roads.
In view of the tremendous burden if war expenditure the Government las been endeavoring to stop completely the building of public works. It has been trying to concentrate the mention of the people upon the one .hing worth while, the prosecution >f the war
ail way building still continue to -ome in until wonderment arises whether the people who make much lemands are not more intent upon heme designs than upon the defeat if the Germans..
War Savings Certificates
illustrated.
a •
The grand maxim nowadays Is "to work, a.ways to work and still to work."—Leon Gambetta.
Stevenson always wanted to write a story about a man galloping up to an inn at night, and tho very suggestion brings n tingle to the imagination.
By on the highway, low and loud.
By at the gallop goes he.
He heard him In the sleepless mi* nights of his childhood, and. Indeed, the sound of thudding hoofs always makes the heart beat faster. The sociable clattering of a single footer on asphalt, the crackling of twigs and leaves on the quiet autumn trails, the mtiillcd rhythm of a canter on the turf, its resonance on n bridge—all these make music in the ears and bring the very smell of adventure. To him who rides there Is always "something lost behind the ranges*—and his heart yearns for it.-Scribner's Magazine.
$ 25.00 FOR $21.50
thy
44
43.00
60.00
100.00
by F. \
Want Public Work*»
l lit»
4 4
86.00

INDIVIDUAL PURCHASES LIMITED TO $1603
1V beautiful ami colli*
i art
FOR FULL PARTICULARS APPLY AT ANY BANK OR ANY MONEY ORDER POST OFFICE
Some of the requests
JAN. 9. 1917
Wolves in Nort hei n < ’nnada,
Tenders Wanted
# #
Made the Cannon Balls Fit.
The first battle of the war of 1812 was fought at Sacketts Harbor, July 9, 1812, and consisted of an attack made upon the village. The Inhabitants had but one gun of sufficient size and strength to inflict damage, a thirty two pounder, for which they bad no shot riils difficulty was overcome by the patriotism of the housewives, who tore up carrots from I4e floors ami with strips wound the small Units to fit the an non.
Notice to Our Patrons :
delivered at the Lily Cheese April 1st.
All tenders to be marked " Tender
and th offered.
OBITUARY
On January .31st the Angel of Death visited the home of Mr. John
for wood to state the kind

juce more
Dagg, of Yarm, and claimed as his vie tint his loving wife, Mary V. Mon at the early age of .33 years.
She will lie greatly missed around the old home on account of her kind dis-
K. T. HUDGINS,
Secretary
N. B. - Directors will meet Tuesday, Feb. 27, at 7, p. in.
au.

• le
110*111011.
She leaves to mourn her loss a rowing husband, three sisters and one brother.
The funeral took place on Saturday, Keb. 3rd, to North Onslow, where re
h was vhanted by Rev. Father after which interment was
TEACHER WANTED
SOI
(/ualitied Protestant Teacher wanted for No. 12 B, Clarendon. Applicants state experience, grade of diploma, church of choice and salary expeebd. Duties to U-gin immediately.
M. A. M< KIN LEY,
V>t S«-<- -Tre
Shawville, (jue.
The Orange In Spain.
It Is considered n very healthful ihlng to eat au orange before breakfast But wbo can ent an orange well? One must go to Spain to see :bnt done. The senorlta cuts off the dnd with her silver knife; then, putting her fork into the |reeled fruit, she letaches every morsel with her pearly eeth and continues to cat the orange without losing a drop of tbe juice and ays down the core with tbe fork still n IL
We have secured the - - Agency for the - -
jincm ma*
Souther, made.
The bereaved oucs have the sympathy of the entire community in their sad
Com.
But the demands feu

NEW IDEA PATTERNS
I 1 W
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE
THORNBY
For sale—five acre.*» of land fronting
Feb. 10—Mrs. 8am Maxwell and lam J	¦¦	¦¦ ¦
ily spent Sunday guest s of Mrs. Henry on Main street (east) Shaw ville, t ole.	which are erected a good dwelling house
We mis* the smiling face of Mins Lor- and stable. Soil well adapted for raw-na Bobinxon since she went away. ing small fruits, garden stuff and roots. Mr. Jack Burrows ;*&id a flying visit For terms and particulars write through Thorne on Sunday.	Box Shawvillk. -
Mr. Silas Sparling and Miss (Gertie Sparling spent a week visiting Mr<
Eddie Telford of Clarendon.
The Widow James Tubman and Mrs.
Sam Rooney visited Mrs. Henry Vole on Monday.
Mis*
few flays with her cousin, Mrs. Thomas
( ole.
\ Put riot ic Vhinamati.
FOR SHAWVILLE and VICINITY.
on
This pretty little story, which teems to carry the stamp of truth, •©mes from an officer of the Vana-iian Patriotic Fund in British Cornu bia.
In a little town on the Iras-River lived an old Chinaman | ‘listed by doing odd jobs. When the Uatrlotif fund was formed In that own John came to the chairman and «aid, "You catchee me job, I give* help sol i ’• wif»
nan, not knowing of any work for Fobn at the time, said that be *a* sorry but he could not give him eio-
Eyes Out.
Two ladles were hurrying down the it reel In the rain, en trying tbelr umbrellas low for protectlou. Iu tuning a corner sharply the point of ooo juibrella struck a passerby in the fore-jead.
' Good ness T gnsped the woman. "HI teep an eye ont lu the future
' Hegorra:" exclaimed the man "Ye îearly had oue out in the prtsititT— (wondon Answers.

Our prices are lower than the rest, and our Patterns are the best.
Prices 10 and 15 cts.
We also stock Magazines
Call and get a Fashion Sheet.
He
FOR SALE
1 • iffer f«»r sale on reasomtbl I the followiug properties, situated on Lorena Stirling is x|#vntling a, Main street, in the village of Shawville :
Double
a<|joining St. Paul*- Vlinrch pr#>i*;rty ; in good order ami well adapted for two fan ' a.
2.	-Old IW Otti. e Build ing accommodation for two stores shops, and two dwelling bouse*.
3.	—Butcher Shop —(new Wilding)
fitted with good refrigerator ami other	¦
=T5JS " xTssrzts St
other similar busmess.	*©w giving a day a week to cutting
** firewood for ail soldiers' fan, apply to MHS» W. J. CONNELLY, gtea and thua doing bit bit for his
fbe < hair

Chemical Mlenomere.
"Copperas" Is a cooeplcnoua example if chemical mlanomera. Ik;ing sulphate )f Iron. not copper. Another Is "salt ft lemon.** which has nothing whatever to do with tbe fruit of the lemon roe. but ts |>otaaelum Uinoxalate or wtasb treated with oxalic add.
A few days later John Once more he said,
same agai
•You catchee me job, me glvee to yelp soldier's wife," and once again io employment was forthcoming. The .bird time John came to the ebair-Thfts time hla request was
You glvee me
Mr*. J. J. Knipc and children visited
rs. James Kparling, ng the oast two week*.
Mr. O. iTouffc leaves Thursday with a load for Crow Bridge ; hope b« till have a good trip.
Miss Lottie Robinson is spending a few week* visiting friends.
Herbie Brown and Goo. E Cole were Sunday guest* of Mr. Sam Rooney.
Who can he be f—the chap wbo drives ; he iron grey horat
si
her sinter, -l'ii i
mt.un
i n

tome a hat fferent aame of tlx soldiers' wives; me go
Early Rising.

ARCHIE DOVER
1
"You say you owe your success In
justness almost entirely to early rta-
ngr
nd our corner
a facturer of lUnn
• Y
I'm a
il S.


