###PAGE###1###
O
No. 10, 35th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCTOBER
11, 1917.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
i
Tfje Merchants Ban^ of Caqada
ESTABLISHED 1874
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE ]
Capital Paid up Rest - • - .
$4,000,000
4,750,000
OF
E.UMi.M 1884
OTTAWA
OFFICERS :
Sir IJ. Montagu Allan. K\ W. Blackwkll.
.. E. F. ÜF.BDEN. D. C. Mac a row.
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT MANAGING DIRECTOR GEN. MANAGER ..
PAINTS
Oft Branches In Canada,
PAINTS
A Real Bargain -
board of directors.
Paid up Capital...................
Reserve Fund ami Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,.........
Hob. George Bryson, President. Russell Blackburn,
Sii George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon. Gecrge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finale.
W. Duthle
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Madare»,
M. J. O’Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Perley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : H, V.Cann.
• Chief Insptctor.
$7,000,000 7,250,684 108,956,996
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada. How can You Help Win the War ?
BY PRODUCING
• e
We have a quantity of Ready Mixed Paints oq hand, remnants of lines we have discontinued, which we want to clear out
Price 40c. per quart can.
This is a bargain you can’t pick up every day. Don’t miss it-Colors all good.
A few good Vinegar Barrels for sale cheap.
BY NOT WASTING
BY SAVING
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balance*.
Prudent people gradually build »«p savings funds, and are thus prepared for the opportunities or necessities of the future.
Any portion of your earning# deposited with us is direction.
a start in the right
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon,
You can buy the same from ns ae
from any city dealer, of Eastman’» Ko-1 of household furniture, in good re-daks and supplies. Amateur finishing a pair. Apply at once to Mils. Hk-H|)ecialty. H. Imihojl Photo Artist. MAN LEATER, Shawville.
For Sale, Cheap—A few articles
W. F. DRUM
are
A Box Social will be held at Austin
Mr. H. Stiles lms closed out his,. ^	«	, „ „	„ .,
fruit and grocery business in town, ,n *ie Templar» Hall, on Friday, Oct. and has removed to Campbells !, * under the auspices of the Home Bay.	I Makers’ Clnb. Good program furnish-
t lEHiHpB
wards the Soldiers' Tobacco Fund. I ^ relleve debt on Te mplars Hall.
Mr. R. W. Ralph is having the Donaldson property (purchased some time ago by Mr. Sam Ralph) renovated, preparatory to moving
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND “ Canada's Best "
11 SCHOOL
COWLING
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa, Ont.
‘ S
OTTAWA, ONT
Our Instruction Is Individual, and th> school Is open dm lug the entire year ;	„
you may therefore start at any time.	Hfts proved itself to be Canada’s Best
Hips
0ct- 14th-	BrSvillcClO,!te9 ftt R"88#U an<1	D. E. HENRY. President.
Miss Babb, of Macdonald College	, 'n L,	I	Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
will give a demonstration in Shaw-	, i • * Thomson, ^tawa,
ville, on the 18th instant, on “Meat % 2,^ n tftthtiV here Whangs-	l
and Wheat Substitutes/* which gmng D*y:	f?P a ^conl of y°ur outings, your
will be of particular interest to Mrs. N. W. Clarke, Ottawa, children a" , your stock, by purchasing house-keepers who are desirous of 8P©nt Thanksgiving with Moore a ko<*ilk- I have a complete stock from doing their part in conserving the head relatives.	| $ 1.25 up.H. Imison.
food supply of our country, and Mr. Hosmer Turner, Renfrew, thus ensure a greater surplus for spent the week-end with his the needs of Great Britain and her | ents in town.
Allies. All who can do so should be present at this demonstration.
m
PERSONAL MENTION
in
W. A. HOGGING
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ings Advocate.
SHAWVILLE
W.E.Gowusu, H.G. W, Braithwait , President
Principal
Every Willis Graduate is Working.
Farmers «who have beans for
P®1'* | sale will do well to communicate !. '"creased attendance 45% or nearly one
co.. J
Last Wednesday's Ottawa Citi-1 amo,18 1 dative* in Clarendon.	i otatoes - \V anted at once, a can assure you of a good position,
zen stated that Mr. Gerald H. Miss Alma Diinntel, of Kempt-1 bags good potatoes. Cash on I . when every dollar counts investigate Brabazen, who represented Pontiac ville, visited her sister, Mrs. Ser* delivery.	•	& ^ ZAmA/. ** coarse and no position
ÏSkÆB."‘e	"""	J-A%3& Office.L
Tucker.	_
GOLD WEATHER GOODS.
Our range of Men’s Sweaters is real good and prices moderate considering the very high price of wool. Examine our stocl( and judge for yourself.
Men’s Underwear
Pure Wool Unshrinkable, per suit Wool
Fleece Lined
Good ass t. Fall Top Shirts
75c. to $2.00 each.
Peabody Overalls and Smocks,
$4.00 per suit.
Iron Duke Overalls $1.50.
the
the
N. I. HARRISON.
1 mi c . o	Principal.
The Annual Convention of the	iimT	belwe5|
W . M. S. of the Methodist church, A position for every Willis Graduate
Pembroke District, is to be held in __
the Methodist church, Shawville,
Jikxr u“'“ oiu"" - !ri;iï™bü-dsrs
with the completion of the ezemp- Mr. G. Fred Cotie, of the Hank by singers from a distance and tion tribunals, in 1 ontiflc and also I of Ottawa branch at Kemptville, home talent. A very interesting
to select the place at which the was among	the number	from program on mission work .will be
medical eiwmmers for the county around this	section who	came given at both sessions. The public
wli. hold their sessions.	home to si>end Thanksgiving Day. is cordially invited to attend.
The visitors had a conference Mr Walt^»-	n Q A .
ssn?	«sro 'xssn&sn	!u -.!">, R ¦ S.
Conlonge, or some other point west slowly recovering from bis recent	° 10 textile Co.t King- pn .uns you would like framed. Call
severe illness from typhoid.	«ton, l#nt.	and see samples. Picture framing a
iz: ssü'J^zr.?^ itijUiSitiarasjaa -.area
BEEE2 5S Attiras» EHœ 5S	|
fi-pgF^r^'	IA full range of
-------- Caps
fe-ÜW"»! A **. I.MMM.!	—	II Mitts
toï aI^&ærs%rxzs,£	*«J Ties
sS'ssSSP'àHSpSSï ~ ,isr= ’
exemption, they will üave to file Mr. H. Shade!, who some time jThurJdav°U«t,De#f* ** un'
&Mi«HSG&sausii ¦«»
'issSll mmm
which otherwise le likely to enea«, i «I-	— W of power.	|H.T McDowimJa Son. Shew,m, yoe.i
Be Ready for the Call.
Preliminary steps to bring the r\MVt an<? ^ra* ^avid Hobbs, of Military Service Act into effect in Ottawa, have been spending a few this bounty, were taken on Friday <Ji|Ys visiting among relatives in last, when Shawville had the honor Shawville and vicinity.
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
$3.00
2.50
552 St. Catherine West
1.50
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
new
of here.
As we understand it, the medical
Socks Gloves Braces, etc.
It will pay you to secure your cold weather wants early this fall. -
FOR SA I.E-Three Chestnut Mares— suitable for driving or general purpose. Price on application to the undersigned.
DONALD FRASER.
»	1th Range. Clarendon.
14-a
FOR SALE—1 second band 14 H. P
portable Waterloo e
%
ne in first class A chink Works.
W. A. HOGGING
114
###PAGE###2###
THE END OF GREATER GERMANY
POULTRY DISEASES
real combination, the flght'ng
THE MAPLE LEAF
BOYS AT LOOS
was a
poilu and the fighting Canadians putting it across.
Toward noon there was n lull. Apparently nothing in the way of added counter-attack would take place for a
The artillery fire resum-
Krg|>onhiblr for Notion»! Low of Mil-
lams of Dollars.
At least fifty per cent, of the chick-
ducks and turkeys and ten of the adult birds die each
ens, young .	,	,per cent
FRENCHMAN’S DESCRII’TION OF ed and great shells passed frcm !>•- jear'irom diseases, many of which
hind me far off into Ge in lines. Lpreventai,;, This Is an anneal nat With my officer escort, 1 left th ' ol>- jona| 0f probably nitlfltms of dol-servation pos* and went forward to jarg	could bo avoided to a large
meet the first of the incoming pris
The first bunch I saw com
NOT ALLOWED TO RECOVER HER
LOST COLONIES
little while

m
are
jn
CANADIAN ATTACK
preignition occurs and the engine knocks. The car must then be taken
Because She Was Cruel to the Native Tribes and a Menace to Nearby States.
Cures For Smoking Cars.
EEg
extent.
War conditions make it imperative
poultry men. as far am
Prussian* Ordered to March on Guns in Clone Formation Against Terrible Odds.
: on*	mm
! prised perhaps fifty mon, that mot us lbat farmvr8 an
in the ruined street of a ruined village.. 1M)88jbiVe step this leak, and in order I now but a mere blot of crumbled stone (Q a88|8t |n this connection Dr. Wick»	are_
ini i.iiiP iisiiiii mill ims
wss mm
immmm
suddIv	»mokef and if it is light blue it is the	Saint Laurant. Something m the last,	ed !n The %ok of the Tarpon,	Mr. ,	*	h unarters. runs, drinking	'China and in the Pacific, as in Eu»
smoke from the lubricating oil. There-	name for	a Canadian, through whose	A w. Dimock recounts a thrilling in-.	*	aIld fePd dishorn to check the	rope, it has boon found that Germany
fore, watch your exhaust	land runs the St Lawrence to the sea. ci(lent that happened on the Florida	of gny infectious disease	is a bad neighbor. Her first thought
‘	-----+------ A 200 Yard Advance.	fishing grounds.	Disinfect the poultry houses by is always to build up a strong military
The depth of the advance before me As the outgoing tide ran low, says j . g fhe interior with a Umewash power. Her next is to use that power perhaps 2000 yards, and the go the author, we put off in the canoe g(>|utJon (50 U)g 8tone lime slaked in for aggressive purposes. I ne »er-
Th„ Th, H..„ «or». W0. C-U-. » W	SSSBT «	7Z
ing whip in its sinuous lines and with the tide. It had drifted scarcely , crat.|ts an(| crevices to destroy mites, them Germany has tried k) stir up dis light blue smoke coming from As far as the light-legged home is curves of fighting men.	fifty feet from the canoe when it was ^ e(c ,f g 8mBller amount Is, re- sentions in nearby States. The soUdar.
the exhaust pipe indicates too much concerned, he is practically doomed.	Moet of the Boche neither	fought	caught by a tarpon,	which ran out	,red it may be prepared by adding	ity of the white peoples, the comity
lubricating oil This may be due to The motor car has taken his place.	nor surrendered on their part	of the	three hundred feet of	line before the	I and a half pounds of lime to a	among the	rolomting powers the
sssttis	sr “ • ‘",upM
nenrlv closed	In	order	to draw a	as tlle self guiding car comes on the	Am| as ,	looke(1 from a height and	twenty-pound strain on the line	and |	Kpep	H crop growing In some part	one another— these thing* have meant
charge of‘gas	into	the	cylinder the	market.	witnessed	through my glass the guard	worked the handle of my reels*	if .t	,hp	yarda alld alternate poultry and	nothing to Germany
mston travels partly out of the cylin- For a number of years the	heavy	brMkj , MW some of them fall in a	had been a windlass.	After the fish	j rrops	lf „,e	runs are small cover	for conquest ; and her invariable policy
der and forms a vacuum With the horse will be In demand, said	Dr J	^ fire_thev ran into the very	had leaped three times	I supposed that	w,(h „	coating	of air slaked lime and	has been, first, to accumulate a stock
throttle wide open a high vacuum is ° Rutherford. In an address	before	tWck of jt 0ne becomes accustomed	I had tired it, but it	started away	diR u|)	|f |he	ruliS are too large to	of armaments in each of her colonies,
not obtained because a large amount the Western Canada Irrigation As-	^ geeing men die, and one takes it as	with renewed vigor.	dig, plough and cultivate before sow-	and> secondly, to tamper with the
of irvoline and air is allowed to come »ociatlon He Is keenly In demand at	of the gamv. [ thought this as} We were being carried toward the |ng „ape SOwn In the early part of loya|ty of the races and tribes in the
in and fill the cylinder. The engine is ‘he present time Prices were never	* l(joked and juddered a bit	at my	breakers and in two	minutes were	t(]p 6ummer, af,er ,he breeding sea-	neighboring	French. British, Chinese
throttled down by closing the throttle *° high. After the war Is over, there	n(mchalance. Out there mothers’	being tossed about by	the rough wa-	^ or early t„ September, makes a	ur Belgian	Governments. TTiat is
so that the air cannot get in in such will be a great demand for them In	giving their life blood. My ter. where the rollers from the gulf, good crop for this purpose. Rear all what she has always done in Europe.
‘ large quantity, consequently there is ‘he countries now ravaged by war	wefit bavk the mental impres- met the tide from the pass. Here the ch,ck„ on fresh soil.	That also is what she has done in
decided vacuum in the cylinder on ' have in my possession an official , wouid have made upon me two tarpon jumped several times and made, though ,hpHe precautions may ap each intake stroke of the piston. publication from the Belgian Govern	and it frightened me. I u final spurt, but we finally drçw the	unnecessary It is the only way
«..b,,	.	^ rru h,d.mir" “ rL,. »,	1 L.".rr
This vacuum has a tendency to draw horses. The brood mares and foals > insider honor greater than love left hand, I was cutting it free from {Q tl,emselves. will undoubtedly prove oil up past the piston into the com bus- running in fields were slaughtered.	, de no hesitancy of choice the tarpon’s jaw when, suddenly, the decidedly costly In the long run—Ex
tion chamber, where it burns and being often used as targets by the (	open mouth of a monster from be- per|mental Farms Note.
That is why, when the German soldiers. One pure bred stab )e ween*	.	...	neath the canoe slipped over the body
machine is left at the curb with the bon> valued at $10.000, was burned up Th? Gld. Stupid Hoc c ay.	fish, and, closing, cut it in two. j
engine running for any length of time, jn his box while the groom and his I saw one thing I had seen before j ^row myself backward and nearly it will often be found to start away	wife and children were forced on their	on the French and again on the Britihh from the canoe, which took in gal-
with clouds of smoke issuing from	knees to watch the agonizing death of	front and which 1 expect to see etiL	|ons 0f water. In our attempts to bal- First Nation of the Earth	to Grant
the noble animal. Then, the Germans again. The Prussian Guard double ance the cockleshell we made it careen	Universal Suffrage.
“In the same way, when the engine realized that they were making a mis- counter-attack after repulse, counter- gQ far that tfic captain went over- ¦ ¦	n	1	pnRrt -
is running slowly, air passes through take in destroying these valuable , attack in the old stupid, arrogant ^oard a moment later he was swim- Sweden was first among a < u is permi e	disrrefed.
the carburetor so slowly that the gaso- horses, and began to ship them to Boche way. Their efforts were	ming with one hand on the gunwale, j tions of the earth to chscern \e	mere y	ended once
line is not broken up into very fine Germany. They sent their experts to nificcnt, but surely not war as war is «‘Climb aboard, quick!” I shouted, proach of universal suffrage Certain?Greater Germany mu. parts, consequently it does not fully select the best individuals, giving to	fought in these days. They marched	thinking of the great shark that had communal franchise rights have been	and for all
vaporize and is very easily condensed. the Belgians for payment orders on	out as on parade, in column of fours,	' room enough icft in its stomach to ac-1 enjoyed by the women of this bar
It forms liquid’gasoline in the intake the Republic of France, payable at	t0 find the north of their own line so	mm(K,atc the captain. ! North country for more than a nun-
pipe or cylinder. This is called ‘loading paris. These orders were in German exposed to a hell of British tire that! “Can’t do it without swamping you. dred years. IHoJ Sweden gave up’ and is responsible for black smoke	and were often for the most trifling	they coujd not deploy and were forced	pdddle for the beach outside the pass. | full vote to those of her	unmarried
when the machine is started.	sums.	to walk on to their death or die in	pp bang on here and swim with you.”. women who paid taxes. Fight years Countenance of Into igen e
“One way of overcoming this is to I have had interviews with repre their tracks. They chose the former,' j paddled as if for life, with the ago the rights of municipal franchise j	Expressive of Heelings,
supply a larger amount of heat than sentatives of all the large cartage jor their goading officers chose for ; vision of those cruel jaws closing were extended to all women, and the	, the “play” of expres-
ustial to the mixing chamber. Most companies in our cities and they say	themf tfte ancient Prussian thing pure	through the living body of the big entire womanhood of the nation seem-	w nai is	an	exceedingly
carburetors are not designed to take that, so far as they have gone in try-	and simplei>	tarpon. I tried to talk cheerfully to ed destined for universal suffrage	sion ie Jr . «vstem	of muncles
¦ of this condition, and the only ing out the motor trucks, they have Under direct fire they kept on, de- the captain to keep the grisly spectre just when the European war bro*« elaborate c	UD the human face,
remedy would be to stop the engine, found the horse much more satisfac- crea8jng jn numbers yet keeping «till .from his mind, but my breath was in 1914.	i a	,	• turn are actuated
instead of allowing it to run while tory and economical. Whether the de-fon u was truly magnificent, but wasted, for he did not hear me. and he So smoothly has the feminist move-. These muaci ,	’motions) by
standing at the curb.	I velopment of the motor truck, which, horribly suicidal. I never saw an ad-; rt.marked to me afterwards:	ment progressed that when Strind-{ (responsiv	so «many
“To overcome smoke from the oil until comparatively recent years, did yance „nder such a terrific fire. A **j ain*t often afraid of sharks, but berg, the novelist, promulgated Ms. nerve trunk, which is drown up past the piston it is not receive as much attention as that	whole body of several thousand	men	' j wae	geared blue that time.	1	kept | short stories entitled ‘ Married, ' hav-	branches.	bcen mofit
customary to have a groove turned in of the passenger car, w ill be taken up	wag sbot down before my eyes.	They	thinkin* of that tarpon, and	every, ing been inspired to inveigh against It is a R	.. . .	aDDiving elec-
the piston under the lower piston ring, with energy enough to make it suf- died and did not kill. What is the time I Icicked I could feel the shark “the new women’ by Ibsens ‘’Doll f interesting > .n	>	‘ mUscles.
with five or six holes drilled in the ficlently economical to supersede the Mf# of German soldiers to Prussian behind me. You’d better believe I House,” he became involved m a law- tricity to th< «	energize
groove through the piston. The pis- horse. 1 cannot say The heavy farm mim	prestige, that proud thing| wae glad when we got among the ' suit instituted by the State.	| Thereby the n	stimulated,
ton ring then scrapes the oil from tractor is a thing of the past The fadmg into a past ?	breakers in the shallow water.” "	Sweden first extended freedom to, these*nusdes aï e .	g* ^ing
the cylinder wall into the groove and light farm tractor has come in to stay.	Victorious Canadians.	That beast of a shark chased me women in 1856 when the Conservatory and the face »»»”£•	,[ the
„Eaa”• ’“"in”!.—	=srtrrrM r*-':TT,	£ss«rf'-'-Et25
new models which do not have it.	Bees, in addition to their honey guard, that which was left of it, wilted A teacher asked her class to write telegraph and postal service two years of laughter, though in mlity M m 7
“Sometimes the old level will be gathering, are useful as pollenizers	like a flower. And Canada went	right	an	y on Fondon She	sur- 1#Up# in 1870 they were permitted to	feel perfectly	ffrave.	By ^touching
found too high. This may be correct- and almost indispensable to the con-	through. Every inch <* g	prised	to read the following in	unv at- ^ up the study of medicine. While	other nerves he can he	ma	x
üpss	¦§§
the compression so high that j States is the Carolina parrot
two reasons why Ger-
pert
w
the cooling system.
“In the latter case the carburetor
smoke, which issues from the exhaust
pipe
“We must have a
Germany is a Bad Neighbor
And there is another reason why of the German colonies is
In Africa, in
what is not or smoke.
“The obvious remedy is to heat to the ingoing air at the mixing chamber of the carburetor, so that vaporization will be complete, or adjust the carburetor so that no more gasoline will be fed to the engine than is required for running, of course, is the economical thing to
THE FUTURE OF THE HORSE.
was
in Demand For Some Year»
do
She was out
a
Africa.
The whole world recognizes her today as an international nuisance and an international menace. But half of the black record that has made her an enemy of the human race is left out of the reckoning unless her actions and the spirit of her rule in her oversea possessions are noted and studied. It is the universal conviction of all who have hod experience of her as a colonizing power that peace and security cannot be had so long as she
role she has
a

forms smoke
?

THE BALLOT IN SWEDEN
j
the exhaust

LAUGHING BY ELECTRICITY
care
her
on
raises
I host run along how, fvc ear "TO err Howe and dive j»mmh his bath-
xell?
I HAVE NOTH INC TO SAN — NOTHING TO
I
OH HELLO- I JUST STOPPED To &HoW loO
•’Jimh'T Hi new PET-age i cares w*
IN MOrr THE SAME. A6 MR& VERNON ----->-v . CASTLE toES
DELIA PAD! I THlNK DELLA
OH HERB COMES
I* SUPPOSE WE’LL HAVE TO LISTED | | if* A MIÔNTN
To A LOT OP ALII TALK -
amt's >uch AuipoN
—1 Gl»L-
6000
CONE
AoAlN
DELIA
SAN
SENSlSLE ÛIRL MNSELP I—-
Tub. DARNED TMIMd IS A LIVE!


o



£ Ê
4*
¦J
J

I

1
ÏL
/
t
J
fJ

y
- . ...

###PAGE###3###
BABY'S OWN TABLETS I PRIZED BY MOTHERS
Join the Home Defence ' FOOD ,Avi<N'L,N 0NTAB,°
THE ROAD OF DEATH.
GILLETT’S LYE
movement for the conserva- Community Canning Marks a New
tion of food. Help to prevent waste by demanding the
Who «hall may the road of Death Falleth sheer nr harroweth?
See how glad they march along, All ouf manhood, full of mong, Churning, as they pass away, Fears and phantoms of our day, Sure in victory or defeat Their inheritance to meet.
He who made them let them see Far above their agony,
To the light that never dies Round the rest of Paradise. Gladly do they march along,
Full of laughter and of song, Finding none that sorroweth Past the glorious road of Death.
—E. E. Speight.
Epoch in Rural Life.
Ontario is making rapid strides to- Mrs. llonry Vanfrnder, Rodney, Ont., whole Wheat grain in break- WBrc*8 food saving. In these war| writes: "I have used Baby's Own Tab fW frvvda nnd hrmA ®fnfTo	we are doing many new things lets for the past five years and prize
c U-**0*	i	f * which we would not have thought out them very much. They have proved
substitute whole wheat for	in peace	times.	Almost the very new-	of such value to me that 1 always keep
meat, eggs and potatoes. experiment	is that of community	them In the house." Once a mother
The whole wheat grain is the canninK- parkhill Women's Institute has used Baby’s Own Tablets she
mOCt perfect food given	canning	plant had a capacity of five	thorough but mild In action and never
to man. In Shredded	hundred	cans a	day. The machinery	fall to make the sickly baby well.
Wheat Biscuit von hnvc	**mPle—a 6 h.p. boiler, two vats, a| They arc sold by medicine dealers or
y .	s*nk% a copper kettle, pans, spoons, ' by mull at 25 cents a box from The
the whole wheat grain made measures, etc. The vats were heated Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock ville,
digestible by Steam-cooking, with Rteam coi,s» and can be brought Ont
shredding and baiting. “	Zw .,VS
Every particle of the whole wheat grain is used including the outer bran coat which is so useful in keeping the bowels healthy and active. For any meal with milk, and fresh fruits.
*
M.
HAS NO EQUAC
-c
It not only softens the water but doubles the cleansing power of soap, and makes everything sanitary and wholesome.
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES.
6

1
1
XJlt&
ccMPAuru**?
V

I
I

If porcelain baking dishes become discolored on the inside, fill them with
Spirit of Inquiry.
‘‘May I wake the baby, mamma?” buttermilk and let stand for a day or |asked 5-year-old Johnny.
The arid in the milk will remove
A Hay^uilding.
The smaller vat is used for blanching Farmers in the vicinity of Sunny- The safe way to send money by mall and sterilizing, and the copper kettle yakjma County, Wash., did a dis- ,8 by Dominion Express Money Order.
for making syrtips, jams, jellies, etc. | tinctive thing when they erected a
The aim is to conserve perishable, «.palaee of hay» in which to hold their	One s Ancestcrs.	j —
fruits and vegetables, and to store annua] COunty fair. Some <>00 tons	Willie—Pop, wha, are ancestors? j J>
material contributed by interested alfalfa were used in building the Father—Well, I'm one of your helpers for convalescent homes snd structure, whose walls were twenty- and your grand-dad is another, hospitals. Everyone In a radius of five feet high. It not only
ten miles, who keeps chickens, has a|j ^he exhibits but a restroom, in- brag about them? been asked to contribute one chicken,1
MONEY ORDERS
"Why, what do you want to wake her for?" asked the mother.
"I want to see if she can cry loud enough to drown the noise of my new KAUTIFUL Ft'HS liY MAIL. <iET drum," replied the small investigator.
catalog showing latest style* Persian Lamb, Mink. etc*. Wholesale prives, rare values
Mvf’omber'e Limited, Manufacturer*. 420
Oh, but why is it that folks I> Ht. Paul Went. Montreal.
HO.
I the stains
PURS
Satisfaction guaranteed Mlnard’e Liniment Cures Barns, Etc.
Willi
|>ROFIT-MAKlNO NEWS AND JOB I Office* for sale in good Ontario IN A GOOD HOME. MODERN AND tonne The moet useful and Interesting M in a quiet neighborhood, u family of of *H bu*inesee«. Full Information on three adult* would like a girl or young application to Wilson Publishing Coinwoman, Preabyterlan, Methodint or Hap- i p*ny, 71 Aaglafn* Ht.. Toronto___
tint preferred, to make her home with	]r- ~ _	'	=g=ag
them and assume part <<f the domestic •	HISCELLA WOUB
responsibilities. We should he glad to have you write fully concerning your experience. If any. and the terms you	,	.
consider fair, in your first letter, whic h out pain by our home treatment
us before too late Dr Heilman Medical Co Limited. Colllngwood Ont
Made in Canada.
formation bureau and a grand stand in	—
and each woman who tanned her own front 0f which a vaudeville program Kinard’s Liniment Believes Bsursirts.
fruit contributed to this store. It was given daily. The hay was loaned looks as if this might be the beginning by the farmers and at the end of the of a good work that should not end fajr wag auctioned off at a very good when the war need is over.	price.
THE LION ROCK OF CEYLON.
Can't Fail.
If you’d suceed This adage mind: First find your work; Then work your find.
Wonderful Natural Fortress Remarkable For Its Curious History.
(
'«ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS ETC.. J Internal end external, cured with-
Write
Among the many relics of ancient civilisation now to be seen in Ceylon \ none is more interesting than Sigiri, a wonderful natural fortress remarkable not only forttl singular appearance but also for its curious history.
About 476 A D. a parricide prince, Kasyapa by name, who had also attempted to murder his brother, fled from his home into the wilderness, where he founded a new capital city round a rocky mesa.
Four hundred feet above the level of the surrounding country on the three-acre top of the mesa, Kasyapa built his palace,—a monastery, for he want- down ed to make retribution for his sins,— and many other brick and stone buildings.
NERVOUS TROUBLE
Mlaard's Liniment Cures Dsn dm*.
will be treated confidentially then furnish you with further particular*.
Wilson Publishing Co.. Limited. Toronto
We can
Hearts Easy to Break.
References exchanged
I fox S6
URINE Granulated Eyelids,
The nerve system Is the governing
In the simpler forms of life the system of the whole body, controlling heart is a mass of pulsating cells, the heart, lungs, digestion and brain; which, as the creature grows to maso It Is not surprising that nervous turity, lengthen out into a tube. In disturbances should cause acute dis- many insects and flies the heart takes tress. The first stages of nervous de- a «pencil form, running from the fore-bllity anoted by Irritability and head to the tip of the body. In ani-restlessness. In which the victims mal and bird life the heart becomes seem to be oppressed by their nerves.
The matter requires immediate attention, for nothing but suitable treatment will prevent a complete break , The victim, however, need not
Sore Eves, Eyes Inflamed by — Jon, Du»t and Wind quickly relieved by Murine. Try It In ,1 your Eyes and In Bab/s Eyes.
He Smarting, Jest Eye Ceelert
• er by
WITH THE FINGERS !
When buying your Piano Insist o* having an
“OTTO HIGEL” PIANO ACTION
DR
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT

WITHOUT PAIN
"He had a sore, unequal battle all his days. But he stood to it valiantly, a wise, faithful, unconquerable man; swallowing down many tore sufferings daily into silence; fighting like an unseen hero—nobody publishing newspaper paragraphs about his nobleness. However, he wqs not lost —nothing is lost."—Heroes and Hero Worship.
more nearly round and proportionately stronger. An insect, owing to its peculiar structure, does not have to be crossed in love to die of a broken heart. A thumb on the back will do
Sore corns, hard corna, soft corns or any kind of a corn can shortly be lifted right out with the fingers if you will apply on the corn a few drops of freezone, says a Cincinnati authority.
At little cost one can get a small bottle of freezone at any drug store, which will positively rid one's feet of every corn or callus without pain or soreness or the danger of Infection.
This new drug Is an ether compound. and dries the moment It Is applied and does not Inflame or even irritate the surrounding tissue think ! You can lift off your corns and calluses now without a bit of pain or
If your druggist hasn’t freezone he can easily get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house.
\ ^
/
HI] 111
despair, for even severe nervous disorders may be cured by Improving the _|llHe carved out cisterns, a bath- condition of the blood. It is because ing tank and a natural-garnet-studded Dr williams' Pink Pills actually make throne from which he could survey new rjch blood that thIg medicine has
the city and the wonderful expanse of cured extreme nervous disorders after luxuriant tropical country near by.
it.
§
The last hundred pounds of finish on a beef steer is the most economical gain and makes a steer grade prime and get the top of the market Buyers come from all parts of the country : and pay highest prices for the good, well-finished animals at the Auction Sale of the Toronto Fat Stock Show.
s
iff
all other treatment had-Jailed. The For many years he lived there in se- nerves thrive on the new blood made curity, and then his vengeful brother by these pills; the appetite improves, came. Kasyapa foolishly descended digestion Is better, sleeplessness no I from his rock to give battle, and his longer troubles the former nerve shat-war elephant, turning aside to avoid . tered victim, and life generally takes a marsh, caused his followers to think on a cheerful aspect. Every sufferer that he wished to retreat; ~so retreat from nerve troubles, no matter how they did, and Kasyapa’s brother had 8nght, should lose no time in giving his revenge. After the prince’s death [)r williams' Pink Pills a fair trial, the monk’s maintained the citadel for thus regaining their old time health a long time, but the walled city that and comfort.
surrounded the mesa gradually decay- You can get Dr. Williams' Pink Pills • ed, and so in time did the edifices on through any dealer In medicine, or by the summit. Six centuries ago they ^ mall at 50 ceuis a ot six boxes were abandoned.
To-day the mesa, on archaeologists are working, Is stained red by the action of the rain on the bricks of the citadel, and when the
sun strikes it at the right angle it ! 0ne of the Mogt Ancient of Fishes and looms up in a sort of bloody splendor, forming a fitting monument to its former villainous ruler.	•
Facing a terrace at the base of the J some rock is a guardhouse. On the front of to ride. The sea horses are creatures the rock is carved the^hcad of a lion, familiar enough, though most people and on this same terrace are its have never seen one alive. Summer clows, between which a staircase as- visitors at the seashore find them for cended, so that it is thus apparent sal
why the mesa is called "lion rock,” a that specialize in marine curios. | | translation of Anha girl—or, as it is .The sea horse (naturalists say) is contracted, Sigiri. The staircase was one of the most ancient fishes. It is a remarkable work, for Kasyapa had one of nature’s oddest imitations—a to build it round walls that bulge for- "camouflage," so to speak, ward at base and summit. It was a It has a horse-like head, and its walled gallery of stone, spiralling body is so shaped as to resemble the round the rock kfits summit, and was, neck of that quadruped. But really, covered with cement and decorated when one comes to examine it, the frescoes, spme of which are prekerv-1 thing it counterfeits is the “knight" ed even now in their original brilliant piece of the chessboard. One might colors As only a small part of the even imagine that the chess knight gallery remains to-day, the ascent (which has a horse’s head) was mod-npist be made on an iron stairway eled after it.
constructed by the Archeological, The sea horse has a tube-like snout,
Commission—a climb that is sufficient at the end of which are the mouth and to test the nerves, for where -you go jaws. Its head is topped by a sort of the side, nearly four hundred j cornet. Clad in a complete suit of
armer plates, it cannot flex its body
tail
ES»1’’"“WOMAN COULD City Eye Specialists Tell How To
It feeds on small shrimps and other	X	¦	p	• I ,	W- „
MRS .“t sn HARDLY STAND	Strengthen Eyesight 50% In a
nnnuLM) nmi - Week's Time In Many Instances
fln vibrating rapidly.	**
Like other fishes, the sea horse pom- gestored to Health by Lydia A
sesses an air-bladder, which is always c De 1 L » \r .11
distended by a quantity of gas so ex-, Lrinkham S Vegetable	Bogton Mâ«»-Vlctlms of eye strain
Compound.	g Em BiE'isl1:!:
Z". tst “Zi%w^Z.h'Si	E"£{• 35r£f£
SeBui' 'the most' remarkable point UjHHT	^r'Vy.TdTnoi
sssrst-jfiaes££	|*l
grttt.iSJLt.'Sree mm S’.Tssri
in, membrane of the pouch ..cr.Ua a KB*
nutritious fluid on which the young, linfilPflftl n^ss I could hardly out »laF»es,”i Another who used It whenliatrhed, are fed. When the,are	aland and ...
SrrsTKtiL-s;
agîBtegS
h.. A.-,...Biw? tÿSr»,{.¦.'.'.va.—aa•s.'-r.snMS
Each year the Can.diane throw	NaiJje	PMU.r». car. of H. A. 8idw. §"»	wbiî
of rice at uncomfortable brides	It.â.D.	No. 6. Tulton, N. I.	It has done for me."
ÉIESEÜ
1 collar, but most of it literally lit- a^ Piakham’s Vegetable Compound, pense of ever getting gl
¦*• **—¦, "tirs. jLssir£d3ss^s‘f k 1 Æ^SbKsr-rss;
aands in France who would be grate- Lydia E lînkhyn ^edldne Co., I.j nn. BkphaMUa Marginalia with all the
t for helpful advice given free.  mmcomItaat symptom» as/ morning
188LE 48—*1L
STOPS
LAMENESS
y\BS0RBINE
I
from a Bone Spavin, Ring Bone, Splint, Curb, Side Bone, or similar trouble and gets horse going sound. It acts mildly but uuickly and good re
Does not blister hair and horse can
.lust
#

Fire From a Slab of Ice.
sorene
suits are lasti
X
THE ?
*
Take a smooth, clear, curving piece #W or remove df ice, one not too thick, and hold it gl L< worked. Page 17 in pamphlet with
as will a lens in a reading glass. The ^ for a,aak;ad. reduces Painful Swellings, En ice will not last long enough to burn larged Glands, Wens, Bruises, Varicose Veins; a piece of paper, but if the focus rests heals Sores. Allays Pain. Will tell you a speck of gun cotton it will cause more if you write. |1 and $2 a bottle at
, w a, w	.fi _n... 1 * Sealer» or delivered. Liberal trial bottle tor 10c etampa
combustion and a flame will result. , F, muNG p^F., 516 Lymin. Bldg , Montre.1, Cm Arctic explorers have built fires often iseorbiac sod Absorbing Jr., ire asdc to rt"-n with this expedient when matches j — were absent and flint and rock not I handy.	I
Doctor Says Nuxated Iron Will Increase Strength of Delicate
People 700% in Ten Days
on
for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams’ Medi-which the cine Co., Brockville, Ont.
In many instances—Persons have walk suffered untold agony for years doctor- two ing for nervous wetness, stomach,	|wi
livef or kidney disease or some other humikiIi a* ailment when their real trouble was > 1	'
lack of iron in the blood—How to tell.
tired. N> x t t.iUe I* of ordinary ies per day after Then tekt your for yourself how *d. l/have -down peopl*
were ailing all the lime double, and even New York. N Y.—In a recent discourse triple thi Ir strenath and endurance and 1 >r. E. Sauer, a Boston physician who has entirely get rid of their symptom* of studied widely both In this country and dyspepsia, liver and other troiRde* in in great European medical Institution*, from ten to fourteen days time simply said: “If you were to make an actual	by taking iron in the	prop r fornj
blood test on all people who are III	you	tills after they had In norm
would probably be greatly astonished at doctoring for month* without obtaining I the exceedingly large number who lack an> benefit. You can talk as you pleas# Iron and who are 111 for no other reason about all the wonders wrought by new than the lack of Iron. The moment Iron remedies but when you come down to Is supplied all their multitude of danger- hard facts there Is nothing like g"od <dd ous symptoms disappear. Without Iron iron to put color In > our cheeks and g"#>d , .	.	.	, . the blood at once loses the power to sound, health) flesh on your bones. It is
When my DSDy was tour months old change food Into living tissue and there- also a great nerve and stomach str^figth-she had a rash all over her face and fore nothing you eat does you any good, cner and the best blood builder in the
head and was nuite dis- 1 you don’t get the strength out of It. world. The only trouble was that the i	in	Your food merely passes through your ,.|d forms of inorganic iron Ilk#* tm lure
ngurea. rier Skin was in- *yntem like corn through a mill with the „f iron. Iron acetate, etc , often » u' rted named and sore, and Itched rollers so wide apart that the mill can't people's teeth, upset their Stoma-
grind. As a result of this continuous ** re not assimilated and fo blood and nerve starvation, people be- reasons they fieyuvntly did mot come generally weakened, nervous and than good. Hut with the disco all run down and frequently develop all the newer forms of organic Iron sort# of conditions. One is too thin;	an-	|ia# t,vei. overcome.	Nuxated
other Is burdened with unhenlthv	fat:	example Is i l.;, ont	to take	d
.	r n\t «	» it- , . some are so weak they can hardly walk.
*	My husband brxiuht a #ome think they have dyspepsia, kidney
box of Cutioira Ointment and a cake of | or liver trouble; some can t sleep at
îasrsSïïïft^'SBSP sspWSSi
(Signed) Mrs. A. Down, 1040 Gertrude power and endurance. In such cases It v
preventmmples or other eruptions.	D,,wt.rs for the moment, maybe at the ex-
_	,	.	, .	^ For Free Sample Each by Mail ad- pense of your life later on. No matter
JSSt mxzr:=I tSJTASatSSJXi:	”55
for greens.	j	'	|ong you can work or how far you can
t he
?
HI

11
THE SEA HORSE.
XV
HPPTÏ
w ho
(loien

a Strange Creature.
If mermaids were no bigger than fairies, they might have horses
Mlnard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Dear Sirs,—I can recommend MI NARD’S LINIMENT for Rheumatism and Sprains, as I have use# It for both with excellent results.
Yours truly,
T. B. LAVERS.
St* John.
1
i
Rash On This Little Baby Over Face and Head. Quite Disfigured.
h#*cn
cast
:
very dead, and dried—at shops
%
id
and burned and the rash later developed into large red eruptions, making her cross and fretful. The baby could not f et any sleep.
“My husband bought a
se
r
rm
Needed a Sample.
Fair Client—“I wish to sue a young man for taking two kisses, amount shall I place damages?” Lawyer—“Kisses, my dear lady, are variously quoted, judge better their value if you gave me a sample.”
1
At what
llOt
teeth and
im-

mjui t mediately beneflei
I—er—I could
i* J
Mlnard's Liniment for sale everywhere.
up over
feet above ground and far out beyond the base of the cliff, the downward view is not cut off, as it was in Kas-yapa’s time. x
Stimulate crysanthemums with liquid manure.

WWW#
III
F

glasses and her headache and neuralgia case were so ^proved that flaw* left her. In this Instance I should aay have been discarded by the patient, her eyesight was Improved loo-. 1 Eye troubles of many descriptions have since verified the eiflcacy of this may be wonderfully b« neflted by the treatment In a number of cases and! nee of Pon-Opto and if you want to have seen the eyesight Improve from strengthen your eyes, go to any drug 25 to 75 per c^nt In a remarkably short I «tore and get a bottle of Bon-Opto time. 1 can Bay It works more quickly I tablet» Drop one Bon-Opto tablet In
IcHbed 7or0'the.r .y« " dr * b‘V* P"'	ta.h.Vi
.. jHHen
W	fan to subside, and In seven days the	are wHl keewe te en
e>e was cured and retained Its nor»I«leltete ead widely prescribed by them.
Dial vision. Another case of extreme need It very enrceeafuliy In my ewe pm convergent strabismus (cross eyea) petteoU whose eyee were strained thn ; ca. aped t*e euigeon'e knife by Jhel work or mleflt ()• timely use of ' fewr collyrUun.
tightened external muscles yielded tq| Iteàing, burah.g eyes, red
m mmk
Free Prescription Ton Can Have Filled and Vac at Home.
POSTUM
has been
I adopted as the table beverage in many a home because of 11 its pleasing I flavor and
healthful nature

to me.”

“The atraoa-




t le
rht
red

e
a#
convenient object, and force* them out into 1

I Lav#




I rso f* . '
1
The I It I» aim of m et# wet try
O R
iff bftirr

and hr
to ffUffuào
r
always Instil Bon-Opto| daet #r « fore Ign bod lee ail apply R locally to all burn» wiser# and spots oa the eyeball er the for Its therapeutic effect. By ######-1 Uf the lids of secretions sad acting
as a teals far the eyeball Itself the
a OU Î
the number of eases ef u
Bon-Opto after removal of
It le
1 feel ebeotd be kept oa
for regalat


Hdel patent medietas er
h le as
ret
T

. the f
»


rester It te

¦trees t Lea • r-eight SO
t la ewe week's Ume
hell
it is dead waste
f. It la
penewd tv ail good drugglete Iiki jding ! general stores. eJ*o by O. Taaibiya am# n IT. Ewlee A Co. Tereaia
tad-

la see
suffering from

ful for the rice that is used to torture Canadian wedding parties.
“24y eyr* *
Dr. <’owner says

tiwauea vt Us lid*
?ll
itammmuam
Sw.fsrni

to. 7.
-* **
###PAGE###4###
notice of meetings
ORANGE HALL, SNAWVILLE :
•	1-1	. | ^Crochflt h'c#, cntlnn-W T BsrKer 1,
Largest number of jioinU m I lass 4«» ^m- Hodgios 8, Nelson Mo Lei lan o.
. —Lewis Wiggins, 33, 1; K J Wilson	Crochet Uce wool—L la L'»,vr *•	..
Corn, l do*, cobs—n Alter Xoung 1. anfj jj j Argue even.	.	Crochet lace, Iri*h—A A Smart l, u
.) 11 Judd 2, XN V Xoung 3.	Rest assortment of vegetables—R A T McDowell 2, Amy IGdgins o
Corn, ensilage, 2 sheaves—Geo. Pttl (todgius 1, Geo Palmer 2.	Work bag. crochet-Nettie »dU i
mer l, Walter X oung 2.	| Colored cheese -W K N Hodgins 1.	Hand ban, crochet—A A s “art ,
tub	rhi'in Smart 2, Thus V Graham |
Knitted lace in cotton— L ia ioa«r *
Tea cosy in wo .1—Thos P (,r4|h*|nK •*. Lady 's underskirt, crochet-J It ML
Baby's underskirt, knitted—Lila Lester
Timothy Seed—R J Wilson 1, John J Hodgins 2.
Clover red, early—Wm Murray l.
SPECIALS
cvpted and homologated,
Mr. S. Smiley appeared before the board re. winter road in his division.
Motion Killoran and Graham that Mr. Smiley oj»en the winter road where he thinks best.
The Jurors' list for 1017 was presented and examined.
Moved by MvLeilan and Killoran that
the Jurors list as prepared 1h> accepted
ami homolagated.
Moved by Killoran and Henderson that the following hills lie paid :
W. 1 laird road work for F. Mai lock
THE EQUITY.
O
0. Y. B. LODGE. No. 30k meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. in.
G. 0. McDowell.
We M.
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Eowakh Dalk W.M.
KOYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets ou
the ltth of each month
II. N. llOIMUNS, w. Cmop. in Com
SHAWYILLE. OCT. 11. 1917.
W. E. N. Hodoinh, Rec. Secy.
Hie British drive in Flanders last k while successfully negotiating the aimed at and consolidating also netted nearly five thou-
VEGETABLES.	I *• uflf^k dairy butter-Robt Me
Sugar beets—J B Kilgour 1, George | Dowell 1, Bert Hodgins 2.
20-lb crock dairy butter
w vt
Reg. Hoduinh, Seoy.
objectives the gains,
sand prisoners. It is regarded as one of
brilliant victories that has
Palmer 2.	____
Blood Beets—H A Hodgins 1, J BI Hayes 1 Kilgour 2.	Exhibit canned fruits and vegetables
Turnip Betts—Thos Findlay 1, Qe<>—\ Wyman Home-makers' Club,
Palmer 2.	*	2 Clarendon “	“	“	Crochet .bawl in wool-J A Orahtm
Mangolds, long -Geo 1 aimer 1, J B a El inside	u	1 a .1 Murray 2. Lia Lester d.
Kilgour 2.	4 Murrells “	“	“	Baby's jacket, wool cro:het—K	t
Mangolds, short — J B Kilgour	1, Thos Display of crochet	work	Mrs James	Woodley 1, Lila L»stcr 1.
Findlay 2.	Ballantyne 1, Mrs. H T McDowell 2;	Baby's jicket, embroidered — *
Swede Turnips, purple top—J B Kit-1 Display of embroideries—Mrs Fred Thornes 1, Fred Smart 2 gour 1, Bert Hodgins 2.	Smart l, Miss Amy Hodgins 2.	Sweat»r, kni ted— L’la L's'er 1
Swede Turnips yellow top—J B Kil Laundry display— Miss Amy lLd Slii peis. crochet wovl-Juhn me: e gour 1, Bert Ibxigins 2	gins 1, Mrs 11 T McDowell 2.	I, Lila Lister 2.	,	. , ^ mrt t
Carrots white Belgian, long—J B	Practical house dress—Mrs John Me-	Slippers, knitted wo >1
Kilgour l, George Palmer 2.	* Neill l, Mrs W D Campbell 2.	I B A Hodgins A J Murray J.
Carrots white Belgian, short Geo	Bread and buns Mrs John Cunning-	si ppets, fancy * *	w T Barber
Palmer 1. Alex IWn 2.	__	| ham I, Mrs N McLellaii 2	I B»b>*8 b,otyvi’ cruchtl
Cake and lea Biscuit—Mrs B < |
Woodley 1.
Display of asters -Miss Nettie Bell 1
Mrs. D A Baker 2.
Display sweet peas—Mrs B V Wood
- Mrs K J
ter 1
$3.00.
U. J. Lucas 1 sheep killed by dogs valued at $15.00.
H. Tubman 1 lamb worried by dogs \alued at 4.50.
H. Tubman 1 lanib killed by dogs valued at $9.00.
11. Tubman 2 sheep killed by dogs valued at #22.00.
Also that the bill of work against J. Koy for road work be reduced to #3.00
and paid.
A complaint was received from >>. Stanton re. condition of line fence bet-his property and Mrs. J. Major.
Moved by Henderson and Campbell that Mrs. Major l>v notified to have the
fence re)mired at once.
Moved by Campbell and Henderson tli.it by-law No. s 1 lx1 filled in with 2 mills on the dollar for municipal pur 2 mills on the dollar to meet the Bonds and 2* mills on the dollar for road work at Norway Bay,
By-law No. SO tilled in as al*ove and brought up a second and third time and passed.
Moved by Graham and Camptall that the secretary notify the interested party for the maintenance of the side road Wtwven lots 13 and 14 range 8, to have this road repaired at once.
Moved by McLvllati and CainpMl that we do now adjourn.

the most
fallen to the Allies on the western
Rko. Hodowh, Com. Scribe.
tv-'iit
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETINC I
Komi Controller Hanna has announced that the maximum net average profit the manufacture of a barrel ot dour shall be limited to 25 cents, after Nov. Mills having a daily capacity of Kurds of flour and over, will rent a license and submit
t
Inr
First Tuesday Seeond Wednesday
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thure. Wyman, - , - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm • Last Monday
of each month.
i
i>t
i
UK)
ire to takt

Harry McDowell 1 Alex Bean 1, Titos Kind
m »nthly swum statements showing cost
sales.
Lady s m'tt*»n«, knitted—.Atny H d
••"tyssîtsià-o a * «i»
1, W T Barber 2, Mra P Du;«»« 3.
Men'* glore», kui ted—V 3 Barber 1,
O A It lUt itle 2. Oeo E V.lmer 3
Woollen so ki—G A Routine 1»	* 8
I1 Dunns 3, Percy Dagg 3.
Woollen Stockings—G A KiutlitiJ 1. Lila lister 2, A A Smart 3.
Wiggins 2.	I Exhibit crochet—Mrs WT Barber 1,1 Woollen double roi ta—G A Kouilme
Dnions, top —Thus Graham 1.	Mrs T P Graham 2.	e 1, P rey Digit 2, Jaa Carswell. .
Onions top, hmg—Alex Bean 1.	Exhibit of embroidery — Mrs XX T, Gent s *hirt, nnchme made
Onions potato—'Thomas Findlay 4 Barber 1.	Berber 4 Oeo E l aimer J.
Percy Dagg 2.	Display of maple products-llarold l (ient«ihir. flionel, inech ne male
Vabliage, oxheart—R A Hodgins 1, Cuthliertson 1.	‘	, 1 ,J 1
Tims Bay 2.
t'aldmge Mat dutch-R A Hodgins 1,	Qul't'.^c .lion, fn.cy quit ted-Herman
V^l^ -dnunhead-Walter Young	LADIES’ DEPARTMENT.	EJ.eWher 1. D A B.ker 1. Be,, Hod-
4 H 1 Argm* 2.	.	Pincushion, linen emb—Mrs G A Rout Quilt, wodlen—John McNeill 4 t«oo
Cucumbers, green- XV h ILwlgms 4 ; tfe lt n y McDowell 2, Amy Modems 3. K rafmer 2, Lila Lester 3 Har|*er Retmick 2.	Pincushion, RI et crochet—NX	T	Berber	Quilt,	cott >n, log cabin—L la Lester 1,
Cucumbers, ripe Alex Bean 1, J 1» 4 (ï A R ml de 3	Carswell 2
Kilgour 2.	Cushion, ti k vmb--Mre Ji-hannsen	1,	Quilt,	crochet—J B Kilgour 1, Jas
Largest pumpkin — Geo	Palmer	4	J B Judd 2, G A Rout'itfe 3.	Carswell	2, L Wiggins 3.
Harry McDowell 2.	j Sofa cushion, drawn work-D A lUker Quplf w), u «pnited —Mrs P Dumas 1
Largest «inash Harper	Rennick	1,	4 LiU Lea er 2.	Quilt,	bed spread, fancy—Mrs Peter
Harry McDowcU 2.	Cushion, livid piloted —M Johannien Duuue 1.
Tomatoes — Walter Young 1, R	A	1, Lila L ater 2, Roy Dud 3.	Hook	ma
S fa cushion, rambler rose -1 » A It mt- j dfter ‘J, (Ko E Palmer 3.
Clarence litfe 1, Fred Smart 2, H T McDowell 3	putted rag mat-11 T McDowell,
Sofa cushion, fancy —U T McDowell 1, ^i|a Letter 2, Mrs. P Dunns 3.
Il T Annie 1 W T I Lila Lester 2, M Johanoaeti 3.	Pair stencilled curtains—Lils Lester 4
"	Handkerchief, isiet emb —H 1 Me- P*ir curtains, with ti at curtains—XV 1
Dowell 4 Lila Lester 2	Barber 2, G A R>utl tie 3.
Htr.dkcrchief, crochet Isce-Amy IL*d-	pa|r Curtains, fancy— Jas Ballanlyne
uins 4 Nettie Bell 2, 11 T McDowell 3. L q a H uthtfe 3.
Handkerchief, drawn work—L la Letter I, GvO E Palmer 2, DA Piker 3. I Gjri,' Writing—Miss Cuthbeitsoii 4 Afternoon tea cloth*, white, emb — piorenc0 McCoir e‘.ou 2, Mary Russell 3
L lt L^stt-r 1, Amy H- dgius 2, M Jo |	------
R C Woodley 4 hannaen 3
L at rota, orange Thus Findlay 2.
Parsnips lay 2.
WOOIl
1
,f manufacture and profits on Phis decision should result in some relief
who for some time have
Potatoes, white — Bert Hodgins 1, W H Corrigan *2.
Potatoes, pink -James Carswell 1. |; \ Hodgins 2.
Onions, mult'pVg -1 Onions, seed Tlios
nsumers, paying an

unjustifiably high prier
ley 1

Nightgown, hand made Wilson l.
XN (1 McDowell 1. Practical work apron — Mrs. X\ H Findlay 1, Lewis Corrigan 1
\ N ISO
R
It i" understood that Sir W ill rid Lau-placed his resignation as leader ot Lilxral party in the hands of the executive some days ago, and that the
under consideration. Lilvrais
lilway
l
net
1
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
matter is
in the East and especially in thi- pro
that the aged
— FOR—
Shawvllle and District
inxious
ire very
itch work — Hernim anus 2.
> met
leader should continue as the head of
ritical juncture, but
to sKi.L for
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
party at this c
he other hand it seems the majority
—O—O — o—
Splendid ll»t of stock for Fall Planting. 1917, and Spring Plant*
Ing. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
—o —0—0—
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commission*.
t Western Liberals are not so con-l. Sir Wilfrid’s antagonism to tin
(J. T. Drvmmoxo, Svcty-Trvas
cerne
Military Service Act lias made his con -
tiiud leadership an impossibility to that
large section of the party who hold <»p-
The puzzler which c<also much the
SHAWVILLE FAIR
ide views fronts the Liberals is not
1
hlS
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
List of Prize-Winners Con d
f Sir Wilfrid's retirement as
H T McDowell 1, L U
question «
wh<» will lie hi" successor
Ontahio
Toronto
POULTRY
Hodgins 2 Apples Hayes 2.
Specimen grajvs
Barber 2.
Largest sunflower—J B Judd 1, R C Woodley 2.
Bunch ce Hanna %
Best citron R V Woodley 1, Harry Millar 2.
Best 2 cauliflowers Tlios Findlay 2.
Wyandotte, white, hen—lt A Dale 1, W E Shaw 2.
Wyandotte, white, cockerel — It V Woodley 1, Armen Dagg 2, J A Graham 3.
Wyandotte, white, pullet—lt U W ood-lvy 1, Ernest Hancock 2, J A Graham 3. | Plymouth Rock, Warred, cock - Nelson
McLellan 1. Bei t Hvatgins 2, W E Hod gins, jr., 3.
Ply. Rock, barred, hen—N McLvllan 1, Mrs A V Hodgins 2, Bert Hodgins 3.
Plymouth Rock, barred, cockerel--N McLellan 1, Bert Hodgins 2, W E Hodgins, jr., 3.
ply. Rock, barred pullet—Bert Hod-
gins" i. W E Hodgins, t . 2, Bobbie
Klock 3.
Ply. IWk. a Ply. Rock
Ply Rock, a. o. v. ovkercl — W h
Wm T Barber 1
CANADIAN
With the announcement of the dissol-
ion of Parliament on Thursday came
that Sir Robert
also the information B u.lvn had made some progress towards the formation of a union, win-the-war
by the appointment of Mr. Liberal mendier for S.
RAILWAY 00
Fall and Winter Change of Train Times.
lory B C Woodley 1, Ira
j vvrnment
Hugh Gut lira Wellington, to the Solicitor-Generalship .iiwl the selection of Mr. t . t . Ballan-prominent business man of Mon-1 and a win-the-war Liberal, for the
of Public Works.
Note —0#ièig to the drain on the Afternoon *ea cloth, drawn work—J A capltAi letter " M,” the piirittr was ob Graham 1, G A Routliffe 2.	liged to drop thf distinction " Misa and
Afternoon tea cloth, fancy—G A Rout- •* Mrs.” from the names in the Ladies'
1 tld 1, R C XX vodley 2.	Department.
Afternoon tea cloth with tiiet crochet —
(i A Routliffe l.
.....EvlO-lb crock-Rob, Mc-1 B.Xri,Tme; S-^Ve H^gin, I A revolver	mvemod^y .
Dowell 1. I. a Hanna 2, Hcnnan lie! 1^'	dr.wn work -D A Bake, I,own lime, in a aecond
LaTTKRS
3^- butter—Robt Mc j ^	1, 0 A I	u'reaeh *Catmda shortly!*They
mms mmfir Ml
Icy 3.	.	,	Tray cloth, fancy	<* A	R ut.i	s	?	lieved to be his mother and his
Buns, homemade—John Cunningham R C \> ocdl-y 2.	_	„	sweetheart. This soldier, with others.
1, F W Schwartz 2. N McLellan 3.	Tray c'o‘b, white,	embroi Kred -	*	A	. wag gent out t0 make a sortie from
Jelly cake-Tlios P Graham 1, R C Routl ffa 1, 'X J Horner 2,	Nelson	Me-	QUr (tenches in the St. Laurent sec-
Woodley 2, Mrs. Mitchem 3.	Lellan 3.	tor of the line. It may have been be
Homemade loaf (girls under 16)—	I Tea cegy. linen einb.-D A	Baker	I,	cauae 0f a premonition, that strange
K*n rev-™»•« •	;iï7r," «“.'ïïsr.rsrrî.ï
y W	- ¦*?! ¦• j'.g.'a.-.Lh.-H t i, I a c ar "" •*
-J 1. h NX iggtns 2, Ja> *a .	;	q a R >ut itfe 2, D A Baker 3	them unsealed for submission later
Display garden truit prestr\ed- I	Table mats, emb—D A Baker 1, J	L	(0 the censor, he carried them with
Woodley 1, Jan Ballantyne 2, L	Iff	Shaw 2, L1 la Lester 3.	him into action. He never returned,
gan* 3.	,	.	Bureau-cover, drawn wurk—A A Smart He has a soldier's grave out some-
Display maple syrup—John Cunning- h |< C XVo idley 2	where behind the German front line,
ham 1, Harold Cuthbertaon 2, E W Buieau cover, white emb.-F Smart A few days after he was reported Schwartz 3.	1, G A R« utliffe 2, Amy Hodgins 3 missing it was decided to extend one
Display maple sugar—Harold Cuth- Bureau cover, with li'et crochet—Jaa of our posts in that area two hun-hertson 1, F W Schwartz 2, Roy Mc Ratlaoy.e 1, D A Baker 2, XV T Barber dred yards along the trench In which v . J	U	the enemy's posts were located. This
nesee*
uoSey 2. Mr. A V HWgin. 3. L d • ander..i.t. b.nd emb.-Amy di.tance than the two hundred yard.
"/r ' L“ Le"er * ° A R	TnTo? aeierafcoun™r-attMk.a tat"h
MISCELLANEOUS.	I L,dy’. -od.r.mt	Zr^TL^^nT^ °othe°n!
AaarfloweM in wa,er ^~J	’huh c,,N!hrtJiiwT we^wrr .««•,.«, ^
‘ Specimen flowers in oil Rov Duff.	whhe linen .mb - Jm	hl,h‘ even *“ bombln‘
SF"1' ”*¦ 2'VIV." ,T l	r.E
strong 1, J L Shaw -	P.llow cover, crochet—D A Biker 1. many others were seen in a portion
India Ink drawing -J A f »rahani 1	R C Woodley 2, S L Stark 3.	| of the trench bombed but not oc-
Charconl drawing .1 L Shaw 1.	I pillow cover, white embroidered—Fred copied.
Collection pencil drawing* — Cecil | Smart 1,0 A Routliffe 2, Amy Ho igim .1 | jn the captured trench were found BrowtiW 1.	Sheet, with errehet—D A Baker 1, HI Uso severely wounded Germans,
Collection of photos—î) A Baker 1, C Woodley I, Amy Hudgins 3	| officer and two men. When the offl-
LiU lister 2.	I Table runner, col d emb — Amy Hod- ;er’e clothing was searched, as the
' Collection country scenes-D A Baker gm, 1, G A Routliffe 2. Lila L-eter 3 :uetom is. the two letters, written 1 Lila Lester 2	* Table runr.er, crtchet laoe-M Johann- by the soldier of the New Ontario
.'.«err '°od-J 1 *•* H-ju, *............b -. * ui.,sr.“ Taut jar £ x
U,. M itV fl	n A Ràkor 1	* Infants bonnet, emb. S L 8 a k 1, >ner's papers
Collection cut tKwer»	1 A »	. chikpf dreFS, erob.-U A Routliffe 1, :hrough the centre of the envelopes.
Tho* r m Hay 2. V ttie Bell 3.	I	n Q W,>odlef 2	Another	had clipped off a bit at	the
Boston fern—Amy Hodgins 1.	j	^hjid*e ^ emt> —R C Woodley I, W ?nd. but the addresses
Aa|Mragus fern .1 1. Hodgins 1, Amy , g q a R*oi liff» 3.	egible. The two letters were sealed,
Hodgins 2, R W M algins 3.	I	Specimen Rambler rose—Fred Smart | ind have been forwarded to the	per
f'u- hsia—Tkoe I i*y 4 J I	| J} a Rou
gins 2.	’ Specimen Coronation braid—L U Let-1 #ith a statement telling of how they
F„liagm-Error. Who ?	ter LFred Kmart 2. DA Baker 3.	:>a»ed into the hands of the enemy
Lillies- D A Baker 2.	I	Specimen Wallachiao embroidery-D I now were recovered, after	the
ttvMTr.ti	ïu- awSSw
The Canadian Pacific Fall ami Winter Train Services, 1917-1918, are now in effect. As usual many summer trains have been discontinued while the departure and arriving time of others will necessarily he changed, involving a general rearrangement of existing trains which it would be difficult to announce in detail.
Passenger* therefore who contemplate travelling after Sept. 30th. are invited to ask for Canadian Pacific Time Table Folder or communicate with nearest
'^Traill M2. Waltham to Ottawa, will leave Shawvllle at 7.35 instead of
ty mo, a
1) A I R Y
vacant portfolio
mier Brewster, of British Columbia,
Western Liberals
Ch* tnry, ( .»l«.iv«l W K N Hod
gins L Butter
il other prominent
. mentioned as cabinet (possibilities,
,1 from present indications complete instruction of the administration on tshaw 1 inion l«asis is likely to bo carried out the election campaign begins.
v. cock - W K Shaw 1 v. hen—W K Shaw 1
i. i
kerel Andrew
Rhode Island Red Howard 1, W K Hodgins, jr., 2, H Mil
lar 3.
Written by ( niuvllaii ami H<xo%eml From I>ead German,
cut
tme
the elections may
But
A lat
w come off as early as I 17 v,, many predictions have been made with regard to that matter that little
be attached to any of
rumor says
R I Red pullet—Andrew Ho wan W E HodgiiiN jr., 2, H Millar 3.
Leghorn, white, cock — Harry Ü Dowell 1, X R Brownlee 2.
Leghorn, white, hen N R Brownlee I, Mrs A V Hodgins 2, Harry McDowell 3.	___
If
now
7.26 a. in.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Sbawville
unjMirtance may them.
STRAYED
Leghorn, white, cockerel— X R Brown lee 1, Mrs A V Hodgins 2.
Leghorn, white, pullet—X R Brown
Year old Bull, red and white (mostly ¦ ) Strayed from the K. A. Gay 1er pasture a bout last |of August. Information as to Ins whereabouts will be thankfully
reerivm, by th, owner lex
It. R. No. 1. Shawvllle
Minutes of Clarendon Council
red
lee 1
Shaw ville, Oct. 1, 1*17.
Regular meeting of Clarendon Council la Id in H> - Hall, Sbawville, on the above date
Present
Leghorn, a. o. v. cock—Thomas Find
hen—Thomas Find
lay 1
lay i	e
Fowls, a. o. v. cock—H Millar 1, liar* per Rennick 2.
Fowls, a. o. v. hen—H Millar 1, Armen Dagg 2, Harper Rennick 3.
Fowls, a. o. v. cockerel—H Millar 1, W J Stark 2.
Fowls, a. o. v. pullet—H Millar 1, W .1 St irk
Ducks, pair a. o. v., young—H Millar
Leghorn, a. o. \
Di
Leaving
Dagg
Mayor Fred W. Thomas . uncillors Barber, Dale, Sinvlaii and Bert Hodgins.
Minutes of last meeting read and
approved.
Correspondence discussed.
Mot ; m
law he passed at the next regular meeting of this Council to prohibit dancing ¦ *r engaging in noisy games or amusement within a certain distance (which shall he named in by-law) of any Church, Hall nr other building used for religious purposes within this municipality, as mh by Chap. 2, Section 12. Article paragraph 4 ; also See. 13, l hap. 2,
2, Municijial Lode of
(
Synopsis of Canadian North. West Land Regulations
then read and
was
Own. Barber—That a by
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since iKWtinued to 1*\ a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, nmv homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant
at Dominion
1
Toulouse, old—Robert
Geese, |*air Ml towell 1.
Pr. Toulouse, young—R McDowell 1. Cieese, pair a. o. v. old and young — W E Hodgins 1.
Pigeons, |stir — Bobbie Klock 1, H Millar 2.
Rabbits, pair—Ernest Hancock 1.
t >
must appear in person	H
l>ands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months
and cultivation of land
R C W
Ait. 404. pant Pro. (Quebec.
¦ u
clair—That Janies Belsher, here present, U‘ instructed to finish a certain 1 portion of Town line opposite 10 con. Clarendon.
Motion- Conn*. Sinclair and Hod J ns—That the following bills lx? paid Work at Orr bridge, under W. C. Hor field, #101.26 ; J. A. Rennick, #2.50; W C. Belsher #2.00 ; John Snarling, #7.00 ; J. A. Cowan, 22.50; 11. Barber, 1.60.—Carried.
Motion to adjourn—Couns. Sinclair
i I >al<
SPECIALS.
Best exhibit purebred j poultry (laying and table varieties)—W E Hodgins 1, R C WiHxlley 2.
Best exhibit of (Kmltry (table pur-l»oses)—R C Woodley 1, Ernest Han-ck S
Best male bird—N McLadlan 1, Harry* McDowell 2.
Pair female birds—N McLellan 1, Bert Hodgins 2
Pair female birds—W E Hodgins 1, B A Dale 2.
Hodgins and Sin
rqpidence
in each of three years.	1
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price #3.00 per acre. Du ties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead liaient, if he cannot secure a pre-emp^ tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price #3.00 per acre. Mnst reside mix months in each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth #300.00.
. Holders of entries must count time <»f employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advertised or |anted for entry, returned sol «iters who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive day priority in applying for entry at local Agent's office (but not 8ub*Àgen< y )• Discharge papers must be presented to Agent
The official record shows
&
an
SEEDS.
Fall wheat—Lewis Wiggii Bearded wheat—Lewis W
T Argue 2	„
White Russian wheat—Albert Hor
E. T. Hotwiix*,
Secty-Trcas
ns 1.
iggins 1, H
Bristol Council Minutes
A bullet had gone
ner 1
1W Fife or Scotch wheat — Lewi* Wiggins 1, Herb N Hodgins 2, R J Wilson 3.
White oats—Herb N Hudgins 1, L Wiggins î, K J Wilson 3.
Common iieas—R J Wilson 1, H T gue 2, F W Thomas 3.
Barley, 6-rowed—W T Barber 1, K McDowell 2, Clarence Hayes 3.
Beans, small medium—L Wiggins 1,
Bristol, 1, 1917.
BiUtol Municipal Council met on the alsive date. Prisent : Mayor Camp hell and Councillors Killoran, McUllan,
Graham and Henderson.
Minutes of last meeting read and ap proved on motion of Henderson and Ar
M Leila
Voun. Compbell now took his seat at
that the voters’ list as corrected be sc 2, Wm Murray 3.
were still
ions to whom they were addressed.
____W. w. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. y, B.—Unauthorised publication of
I will wot be psid for
o.k
this advert

###PAGE###5###
.ONG I1H OF THE UW
TAILORING
THE EQUITY,
Exceptional Values In
\ Weekly Journal denoted to loom Interests
WOUÎ1TTCD POLICE BROUGHT THE MCRDKKEKH PROM ARCTIC
\[ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
Ladies’ New Coats
iWo Km kl mo# Murdered Priests, and
They learned That British Jus- i A gOOd aSSOrtmOIlt Of lice Will Not Be Thwarted—They Were Captured After a Hearth That Lasted for Almost Three Years.
Subscription, $1 a Year in Advance. gf All arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
- -	—o •*—•“
ADVERTISING RATES.
subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch turned at $6.00per year.
And 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
which will be given on application.
Advertisements received wlthout jn-
accordingly.
, .sawsttBsî.4,sasüfy®
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
The assortment offers an attractive range of this season's smartest styles. The materials include Curls, Freize and Tweeds, nicely lined, large convertable collars and
fancy patch pockets.
N the record of the Royal North-	#	_
West Mounted Police there la no AlSO & IliC0 StOCK Oi more wonderful story than that to which “finis” was written in an Edmonton court-room the other Two Eskimos, Slnnislak and Uluksuk, murdered two Catholic priests. Fathers Laroux and Rouvter, near Bloody Falls, on the Coppermine River, far in the Arctic Circle,
In 1913. After a pursuit that lasted for more than three years, and extended over 6,000 miles, the murderers were brought to Edmonton by Sergt. “Danny” LeNouze and Constables Wright and Withers were convicted ; Indeed, they freely confessed their crime and were sen-

Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves.
day

MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Men’s Underwear
THE MARKETS.
CONFElEBfflON
declined.
SHAWVI1LE
Now that the weather is a little cooler, let us show you our Autumn Weight Underwear. Light in weight and 75 p c. wool.
JOB PRINTING.
kind, of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
They
41 Money Saved
Flour per barrel $12.00 Wheat, pet bushel, $1.75 to 2.00 Oats,per bushel, 55c.
Beans per bushel, $7.00.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 3Cc Potatoes per bag. HO.
Eggs per dozen 10c.
Wool, washed, 75c.; unwashed, 55c. Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 6.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
All
.cheaply executed.
urouiptly attended to»| I_____
JOHN A. 0OW«Wi
Is Money Made
Get rates from
tenced to death, but on the strong
advice of the jury and the Judge It was decided that It would be a crime
who understood so
CONFEDERATION LIFE
o execute men ittle the nature of their offence and who at the time it was committed feared that the priests were about to ihoot them. So the Eskimos will be tent back to their icy homes, there to spread among their fellows this wonderful story of the long arm of British justice.
The hunt for the Eskimos began )n .May 1,	1915, when Sergt.
‘Danny,” the Irishman with the French name, took his two men and eft Edmonton for Peace River. Here the party fitted out for a three/ear trip, then proceeding down |he Peace River to Lake A^habanka, then lown the Slave River across C* 3reat Slave Lake, and into and down he Mackenzie River as far as Fort
Here they picked up an
Professional Cards.
Eat. 1871.
11 Maximum Insurance
Allandale Gaps
at Minimum Cost.”
dr. a. h. beers
You'll need a Cap of course It is surprising how much style and distinction can be put into such light, comfortable headgear.
YOUNG MEN - Our Special Military Policy Is not to be equalled on the market today.
Consult our Agent today
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bat
. QVK.
¦Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surger y .Doctor^™Dental* Surgery. University of iLlcentKteyôf ÎTentâl Surgery, Quebec.
The folio wing a re last Saturdays quot At ions :
Butter, In prints 40c to 45c Butter in pails 35 to 40c Eggs, fresh, ver «lozen 48 to 50c Potatoes per bag, $1.25 Pork per 100 lbs $20.00 to 22.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $11.00 to $13.00 Oats per bushel 65c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.00
Fancy Chinaware

the
s. A. MACKAY
Mail Contract.
Norman
Eskimo Interpreter, who, with his wife and daughter, was attached to
At this point, too, an.-
Take home a piece of Fancy China to decorate your table. Spoon Trays, Cake Setts
Sugar and Cream Setts,
Tooth Pick Holders,
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
SEALED TENDERS addressed to the Postmaster General will l»e received at Ottawa, until noon, on Friday, the 26th October, 1917, for the of His Majesty’s Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six times p»T week.on the route
Charteris Rural Route No. 2
ho party
>ther constable joined the party. rhey reached Bear Lake on August 4
Here thvv
Que.
t
INSURANCE
Cake Plates
nveyanct
o
tfter a hard Journey ound old Fort Franklin, still stand ng and In good repair. It is named ifter the Arctic explorer, who once pent a winter on the spot. r~ h*y started across Great Bear Lake, i huge body of water, and it took hem from August 12 to September 8 o in a k " the distance of 400 miles
Xll were seasick PH ¦ HHH0 I lozen husky dogs with them and had
o ti: h daily for their food.
The next stop was at Dease Bay, where they expected to come across he cabin of the priests. Z. his spot that Stefansson found the irst evidences of a blonde Eskimo in When they came across the
•abin they knew at once jriests had been murdered, for U vas looted, but still there was no-hing to give a clue to the murderers. Up to this time, it ought to be •emarked, the officers were only working on a report that the priests lad been killed by unknown Eski-and until they reached the ran- | acked cabin they had not even preemptive evidence that a crime had >een committed. They remained here hrough the winter, going into the Barrens to kill meat. By the middle it March all was ready for the dash nto the Arctic. It was March 2», 1916, when they began the last stage if their journey, a 200-mile trek to he world's rim. In, a month of sled-ling and traveling by foot they had cached the Coppermine River. Here hey fell in with,Eskimo bands, and
he real hunt began.
They were armed with automatic
ilstols and rifles, for they did not what sort of reception they
a. j. McDonald b. o. l.
Mustard
Salads,
Pots, Butter Tubs.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST » AND BEST
Then,
Greermounl, Rooney, Creemorne and Thornby, from the Postmaster General’s pleasure.
Printed notices containing further information as to conditions of pressed
Conti t may be seen an<1 blank forms Call or write fbi Rate and Particular#, of Tender may be obtained at the,Post Offices of Charteris, Greerniount, Rooney, Creemorne, Thornby, and at the : breckenridge
office of the Pv>t <office Injector, <>t tawa.
via
COMPAN IBS.
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
The party had a
No charge for Policy Fee.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
It was at
and tbe desire was satisfied by Mr.
Forbes in a most magnificent way by |
Mm. Stanhope Forbes Was a Native	I
of Kingston.	studies for illustration, fifteen etch
It Is perhaps not generally known ings, and three charcoal drawings, that Elizabeth Adel* Stanhope For- Mrs. Forbes' representation in the bes was a Canadian and was born at national collection of her native Kingston, Ont, After studying at the country is now a wide and Interest-Art Students* League in New York , ing one and it is hoped that as soon under William M. Chase, Elizabeth a8 the National Gallery recovers its Armstrong, as she was then, went to lost premises a memorial exhibition England for further study and there 0f the artist’s work will bo held, with married Stanhope Forbes, R.A., and the addition of such pictures as are settled down at Newlyn, the famous in the possession of private owners, art colony In Cornwall. It was at Mrs. Forbes’ art was essentially nor Newlyn that Mrs. Forbes painted her mal, sane and strong. Dealing, as so many pictures of	Cornish scenery	much of It did, with	her Cornish sur-
and types woven Into fairy tales or roundings, with their clear, bright local legends which Increased stead- color, It developed corresponding Uy in power until she became recog- qualities of paint which aided by nised as one of the most brilliant forceful draftsmanship, gave her artists of the day. It was at Newlyn, 'imagination its visble message, too, that she opened, with Mr. For- The difference of the machine and
h«--s' the famous art school which feminine qualities in terms of art has bears their n,ame,	and which has	been Insisted upon	with suspicious
given so many young artists a sound vehemence, Indicative of a corre-groundlng In the essentials of their	aponding paucity of	truth. There
craft and an outlook upon nature	can be no essential	differences in
and life all the more joyous aqd free men’s and women's art, and the	meet but the Eskimos, though
by reason of the beauty of their sur- greater progress either man or wo- | i0raelimeB sullen, were never hostile, roundings in this garden of the west,	men seems to make	in any line of	not	once	dld	tbe	officers	have to
Academy drawbridges are ,up to	human endeavor, .he	more beautiful-	thelr	weapons.	It	would	have
the approach of	women painters,	\y less become any characteristics	useless to do ro	in any event,
even In these stirring days, and for that are sexual. It was so with Mrs. bad tbe Eskimos meant mischief some mysterious	reason and with	Forbes work, which	has been dubbed	w numerous enough to over
some unconscious	humor the m ile	masculine, probably	because the un-	lhe wb|le men.	What gave
mind seems to demand a f igaer conscious egotism of the male critic ,	wonderfUi authority was
qualification from the opposite sex has seen in, it qualities of color and their guns but the knowledge than from his own for admittance draftsmanship unusual in a woman,	. represented the North
to his orders—otherwise It is difficult and therefore savoring of some high-	Mounted Police, men who never
to account for the exclusion of such er affinity. May we not expect the	*of man once lhey h&d gejzed
painters as Annie Swynnerton and day when any special quality of re-	* d would foUoW a murderer to
Laura Knight, not to mention others, finement in, the work of a man will	•	q( the earth The Eskimos,
It was so with Mrs. Forbes, and be dubbed feminine by the woman	_ were comparatively friend
while for many years her pictures	critic?-	Be that as it may, Mrs.	at flrgl lt wa8 difficult to
were warmly welcomed to their ex-	Forbes’	work in painting and in	•	much	information from them
bibitions her claims to membership	etching	possessed a strength	and	-	traveled here	and there,
went unrecognised by the Royal	vitality	which, coupled with	an,	finally	drifted owl to	Cape Lam-
Academy. The Royal Water Color equally characteristic grace and re-	.	^ Dolphin Straits. It was
Society was not so exclusive and finement, placed It in a position » they learned tile story of the honored her work with a merited as- where it meets that rf all comers on , d that the murderers sociateship. Mrs. Forbes also won equal terms and is Judged as a mas-	ln*the neighborhood
honor at tbe Paris Exhibition in the ^erly achievement.	It aDDear8 that tbe two murderers
year of her marriage and later be- .	iad been practically expelled by their
came a member of the Royal British	Married an Heiress.	übe and	were living like outcasts.
Colonial Society of Artists formed to	The marriage of Miss Gertrude	Ki	a point	near the edge	of Victoria
bring together th#* art of i '' island	Langtry,	adopted daughter of Fred-	;^nd the officers found SlnnUiak in
with the overseas dominions.	,rlck W.	Vanderbilt, of New York,	; in	,<* but.	When they walked In on
Up te the time Mrs Forbes paes- an(J ;^nce-Corporsl Locquell, ot the ,lm he merely «lanced up. though a
*4 *we,’.Kln Lhe„”e. UrlA7.,u°' “of Canadian army, eon of a professor In ,un lay near hi# band. The In powers, the Nation^ OalleiJ or Oporto ün|rorslty, I, announced In | erpreter told him that be waa under Canada possessed only «e «ample .^London Daily Mirror. The bride irre8t. He Immediately lold all the of her art. a water color entitled a lald her parents had not yet heard of | stalls of tbe crime, and offered not May Evening, in which a ffoup of [he adding, which took place at he slightest objection to going with village children a^»lc,kl«	Word, and which was extremely *,rgt. LeNouse Some weeks later
on the hill above	^y. The gule(] only a few witneseee being he, picked up Uluksuk. who was
National Gallery naturally felt that	bride gave the name „lth » number of companions. He
a better representation of the work g( Vanderbilt, which she said she , ]Ul«tly submitted and presently the of owe of the foremost artists Can- wu BUtborieea to use. The girl said	started on the return journey,
ada had produced was Imperative, ,be became acquainted with Cor- |„ fact, all the way beck tbe Eskimos and the result was that w Important ,	while riding along the | ,orked like the white men and were
oil painting. When Da»odlla Be-	Becoming 111, ahe waa ieTer under guard. The winter was
gin to Peer/* was purchased and in )b||ged t0 d|smoUnt. Locquell hap ipent 0n Herachel Island, and In the accordance with the	4Wraa	^^d te come along, aaslated her ,prlng the back trail was taken. One
of Mr. Forbes hie aon to corn-	the utaos, kindness, and the )f the moa- gruesome features of the
me morale Mrs Forbes connection ^oualntanec ripened Into mutual rtory. and at tbe am time one of with Canada, the purchase price of	h(, a0lt interesting to those who
the picture was paid over te the	---------------- ,	,|r| ltud|,d the habits of Eskimos,
Canadian Red Cross Society and the	Railroad, la India.	,«• the admission of the murder-
mwM p-sss mmm
A FAMOUS ARTIST.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday.
-
911.
NO SHOOTING
P. T. COOLICAK
Post Office Insji Post Office Inspector’s Office, Ottawa, Sept. 12th, 1917.
that the
All parties are cautioned against using firearms within the Corporation Limits of Shawville. It is in contravention of a municipal by law, and parties render themselves liable to prosecution.
G. A. HOWARD, Mayor.
Shaw ville. Sept. 22,1917.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AC
A > vo oatei Barrister
Shingles for Sale.
Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
H. T. ABOVE,
Shaw ville, Que.
Hull.
196 Main St.
nos
V car-load of New
NOTICE
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawvllle every Saturday,
Parties dumping refuse at the ’‘Kiln Pot " are hereby notified not to leave any lying on the road-way, thereby causing both a nu.'iance and an obstruction to
• i afio.
Shaw ville, Sept. 22, 1917
PUBLIC NOTICE
G. A. HOWARD, Mayor.
Province of Quelwc,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
all Proprietors of Real Estate and Resident Householders of this Muuici-pality, that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, hits been made and completed, and that it now is and w ill remain in my possession for inunction by i>arties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended egg ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of aucli roll, which shall hv taken into consideration and homologated, witju>r without amendment, at the meeting of the commissioners to take place on the 20*h day of October at my office, at the fiour of one o'clock in the afternoon ; but such delay expired, it shall come into force, and every i**r*on interested, after having taken ance thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at her office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Shawville, this nineteenth
Notice re. Hunting.
to
Having lost an animal, which was evidently shot through the careless use of firearms, I hereby forbid all parties from carrying guns or hunting on Lot No. 9 of the 5th con. of Clarendon.
Devlin St. Marie & Ducios
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
HULL ,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac,
SAM ALEXANDER
191 MAIN 8T,
Steer Astray
Strayed from the premises of the undersigned about the last of August, a two-year old red and white steer with horns. Information that will lead to his recovery will he t ha nkf undeceived.
Starks Corners.
any
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION 4 mOVINSIM. UNO SUKVEYO*
ALL KINDS OF
Division and Subdivision of ig, Copying, and Reducing of ,Boundary
Surveying. IJ Lots, Drawtn Plans, Lines,
Bseouted carefully to the eatlefao-
tlon of parties.
Stray Steer
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned a two-yoar old steer—red with white feet. Owner may have same by p,oving proper,, andI paying *|*
^^^^¦¦¦¦¦¦i*Caldwell. Que.
glilZ
Hull.
1ÔJ Wellington St
Phone : Queen 5230. .
nses
113
GEORGE HYNES
Stray Heifer
Strayed on to my premises about Sept. 1st, a yearling red and white heifer—no horns. Owner may have same by proving properly and	_
Maryland, Que.
Given at	¦ ¦ ¦_	¦
dgy of tbe month of September, 1917
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec.-Treas
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Openall hours.
'
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE
AUCTION SALE
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
wel
SSriKSSKftS
,u" pert'î,aKs"HPPlirATHESON.
Shawville.
The Lily Cheeac and Butter Co. Factory will be sold by Public Auction, on Tuesday, the 23rd day of October, 1917, at the hour of 1.30 o’clock, p. m. Term* of male will be made known day of sale.
THOS. DALE, RALPH HÔD01N8, President.	Secretary.
Shawville, Sept. 24, 1917
w. J. HAYES
• HAW VILLE
(oppM'fJ. H.Sbsw’.
All call» will receive prompt per
¦onal attention
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
FOR SALE
For t-Æsiilt ” -
For
MvCUAIO. Shawville, Que.
PATENTS
fiiivmisnwiH
1 year old Shropshire Ram ; also some un lambs.
1 Durham bail calf.
Ii*-n
A good and wi
-
J&t.’BROWNI.KK.
R. II. No. 2, Shaw.ille.
I
p*rti< uler*	e
In mil countries Ask for our INVENTORS ADVISE a which Win be eeitl fres.
MARION & MARION.
11-4
154
i-

###PAGE###6###

1.
Only Fine, Flavoury Teas
are used to produce the Famous
til I
250
Seems a very large number of cups to get from a pound of tea. But that proves the fine quality of Red Rose Tea, which goes farther and tastes better because it consists chiefly of rich, strong teas grown in the famous district of Assam in Northern India.
A pound of Red Rose gives 250 cups.
Kept Good by the Sealed Package
A COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
Lesson till
i 4	^	Ill:* _	as*,	x«s«*	! The grains used in preparing cereals .cereals will cause Intestinal troubles.
blOIXQ Se E/VCry 1C<XI IS ircsrij irAgraut	are wheat, corn, oats, rye, buckwheat ! For small children and invalids the
îull of its natural deliciousness. Sold
in sealed packets only.	b 107	, «ju ami water	4 ,
¦ I	I ¦ -~-w	Protein builds the bodily tissues; Oatmeal
carbohydrates (starches and sugars) order: 1%
Johnson was one of the most dan- ' furnish warmth and	]	I
emus men in the city. For years the	supply warmth and mineral salts and meal, Vg cup (	¦!
authorities had tried to invest their	water are necessary for the perform- ! molasses, 2 tablespoon cocoa, 1 tea-
suspicions with legal evidence. No-	ance of the bodily functions. There- spoon cinnamon, % teaspoon each of
body doubted but what his immense fore ^ will be seen that the cereals nutmeg and cloves, 1 cup flour, 1 cup
ul^rLt,P1C y are most valuable foods.	dried bread crumbs. Mold into small
But to be suspicious was one thing Oats is the richest cereal in protein : l)alK flatten between the palms of and to “get the 'mods" on the crafty and fats; wheat ranks second, and corn the hand and place on pans as descr -Johnson w as another. Head of a syn- third. Hive contains very little fats. I *d f°r crumb crackers. Bake in not dicate of the worst kind of crooks Cellulose is also found in cereals. It, oven for ten minutes
Money rolled in to Johnson from ev- of cellulose. The starch, which is spoon >alt, 4 teaspoon mutm g, 4 ery part of the country—and it al- present in the grain, is enclosed in a teaspoon ginger, 6 tablespoons lard, ways came in cold cash. For tha rea- cell-like structure, and long cooking is Mix dry ingredients, rub in shorten-son he found it not alone advisable -necegwiry to ,often this cellulose so and dissolve H teaspoon baking but nectary to build the sunken th#t thp djgegtive juices may ect upoll soda in 4 cup sour milk and add 8
in%3on o'	chog
strange figure* moving about his breakfast cereals:	citron. Mix to dough, roll * inc
grounds late at night, Johnson had' x	Cereal Water Salt Time thlck- Cut aI)d then br“sh the *°P
called in Phil Kelly to consult him.!	cupful cupful teaspn	with granulated sugar. Bake in hot
The “strange figures," it need hardly Belled oat a ... 1-3 l à so min oven from 8 to 10 minutes.
TWE1 FTH	EPISODF	be said. were Pats Apaches on their ^^tmeui * ...!!!. à U è 90 min.	! Use level measurements.
.Jr ,	tion overspread her beautiful face as for five minutes, place in fireless cook-	to pancake batter improves it.	t ook-
When Kelly arrived he	investigated she j”ue<1 “ llor.'1.^" foLh,t, [r er and in the morning it will need only	ed cerea’ may also be added to	muffin
f Uan openVwdndow	Part of town not far from Pat's head- Cabbage contains about 85 per cent
as a lock out, while the other two ,	» • t i|U,ss headquarter» and salts and it will furnish an attractive Swedish Braised Cabbage.—Shred a
climbed to the window. After they bJrv was ’having	the sunken meal. To be good it should have a head of cabbage fine. Wash in plenty Through the courtesy of Brigadier-
had entered the room through the vaujt Workmen were putting the	firm, well-developed head with fresh of cold water. Drain, place in a	General	McRae,	Quartermaster-Gen-
xvindow, they stopped to investigate. finishing touches on the wall of water-	leaves, free from worm holes and saucepan and then add one-half cup-	eral,	I	have	been enabled	to	gather
1 he room they were in	was	perfect-	tjg|lt masonry	that was to form the	jevaVi Always	wash the cabbage	ful of water and steam	gently	urçfil	90me particulars of the manner in
lv dev.old °f any:	0UteS sheH (Sf	tbe flood that was in-	well in pienty of	cold water, adding	the cabbage is tender.	Now add: two	which the Canadian soldier is ration-
‘mss	srE «sms aft xturf z it srstis'ZLTTS
open the door and found a second j^ing the work, and by a generous on the cabbage.	-	spoonful of grated onion, one-half cup- spread over seven different training
room, exactly like the one they had ibe obtained a place for an expelt Place the cabbage in boiling water ful of sour cream. Heat until the areas is a complicated business—so first entered inviting further	investi-1 Apache investigator to become one of	to cook. Cover	it closely and cook	| cabbage is very hot.	Serve	with	complicated, in fact, that the ordinary
potion.	.	the bricklayers	on the job. This man	qUjckly until it is	Vender. Drain at	Wangles of toast.	»	civilian, whose knowledge of catering
Opposite was a door leading into was Pat's most skilled assistant, and once If cooked slowly and left in the Alpine Baked Cabbage.—Wash and js confined to what is placed before
S™ ^ » i EEE&-™ K	se	a-wtsrttrru
Put was sitting in one corne» of the Measurements Xvere taken, the ways insipid and without flavor.	ing water. Drain and then grease a would be unable to follow it in its deroom. in n large armchair. Other grounds were mapped and a plan of	Baked Stuffed Cabbage.—Select a baking dish. ( over the bottom with ,	tails
than this one piece of furniture the Johnson's home was drawn. And	ioose head of cabbage. Remove all, fine bread crumbs. Place in a layer
room was empty.	while he was in the vault at work, the	discolored leaves, trim the stalk close | of the cabbage, season slightly with
Kelly made n move to approach the Apache managed to interest Johnson s tQ the head aml wash. Place the salt, paprika and a sprinkling of grat-1 To put the matter briefly. There is elusive girl whom he was now deter- housekeeper in a scheme to add vast-	cal)bage jn a pot 0f boiling wa-led cheese. Now put in a layer of the “Long Ration," which is served to
Dartitions were run out from the wall, her. It concerned Phil Kelly’s visit plunge into cold water. Drain well bage a thick tomato sauce. Sprinkle food commodities are supplied in bulk coming together in such a manner to the vault, when Johnson brought and roll back the outside leaves. Re-1 with bread crumbs and grated cheese, on a standard scale to each company, that they shut Pat behind their shelter him in to show how cleverly the old move the center. Chop ft fine, sea- Bake in a hot oven for twenty-five There is also the “Modified System," aS completely as though she were villain had planned to protect hls 8tm and U(jd: one-half cupful of thick minutes. Serve in the dish with to- which is in force among the Imperials locked in an entirely separate room. W(;t\V-ÎV f. v 1pft thp vault „ 8aid cream sauce, one-half cupful of bread mato sauce made by rubbing through in England, where the soldier gets a Kelly and his man stood dumbfound- " informant “Johnson told Kelly crumbs, one teaspqonful of salt, one- 1 a fine sieve one cupful of stewed to- ; portion of his allowance in actual ra-
as. m sarM sr.r	“ts :	zsssJttssrs&Si
MMim mÊÊËmmmmÊmmæm
Before they could make a move, time hegin operations. We will thick cream sauce, then cover with ; licious meal when combined with bak- which we v are now discussing, and some of Pat’s men rushed forward and start on the job to-night at six o’clock, bread crumbs. Now sprinkle with ed potatoes, string beans, cucumber which means that each Canadian sol-slammed down the cover of the box and be readv to put Kelly where he fineiy grated cheese and then bake in salad, stewed fruit and tea.	dier in a (Canadian) training area* in
securely imprisoning the detectives. cannot interfere."	______________________________________England receives his food prepared _
mmm	mmm
through an opening m the outer wall	A	Work of Forest Administration. tlona, facilities for the training of that the soldier receives variety in
of the building.	The most striking feature of the mpn	his eatables, and it also means that
There was a motor truck waiting to	HIGH FLYERS.	forestry situation In Canada today is	the rations are prepared on the most
. -	înl»mi^ï|hnml V1 anded In	-- : j the extreme shortage of trained men	-----+------ economical basis possible.
\ruek gThehdHvei started his en- The Aeroplane Has Not Yet Attained1 for (he technlcal work of forest ad-,	1	Dietary sheet is a term which has
gine «nd drove away An hour later,	a Record Height.	ministration and research. • The fores-1	Heart-Rending French. ___ a forbidding ring. Call it “menu,
SHSS	E£-r«S2.
far out in the country, near an inf re-1 We read with little surprise that rp,ise or ine ILmp ir€*	the man of millions opened the con-
quently used trail that led across the Lieutenant Guidi, on an Italian ma- This profession was only beginning versation somewhat as follows: fields.	ehjne, has reached an altitude of 26,- to get on Its feet in Canada, and had. | “Monsieur,” he said, “eska-ah-aska-
“I’m not going back to the chief to 500 feet_tw0 mj|eg higheWhan the; thus far. developed only a very small voo-esk voo vooly, ma-voo-ly >na
is. i—* - «-ift--- jssjsrs1 s. sr	».
'h*. ever scaled in the Himelayes! ,h* heavy enllalraent ha» been that interrupted, “do, I beg of you, atop This easily surpasses the Zeppelin's 'be various forestry organizations conversing in French. You speak it so
have, as to supervisory staff, been re wen jt makes me home sick, duced practically to a skeleton basis.
Cereals

Goodies.—Mix in this teaspoon baking soda, 1 , energy; fats tablespoon water, 1 cup cooked oat-
sour cream, % cup
&?o
is the menu for two days, for every Canadian camp in England.
The Canadian Menu.
Monday, Aug. 27—Breakfast: Rolled oats, mutton stew, bread, butter, coffee. Dinner: Canadian pot roast, turnips, potatoes, Jack I»aw dumplings, bread. Supper: Pork and beans, jam, bread, Gutter, tea.
Tuesday, ¦HH Rolled oats, beef olives, bread, butter, cocoa. Dinner: pea soup, beef steaks, blue peas, potatoes, bread. Supper: Scotch cheese, currant fritters, bread,
butter, coffee.	*
These dietary sheets are distributed to the areas well in advance of the
, actual day they are to be used pence per head per day less than the the bottom 0f the sheet
cost of feeding Imperial troops.” recipes for the making of every dish This interesting assertion was re- mentioned.v The sheets are prepared cently made to the Canadian Associât- by ^ajor R Ross, Chief Inspector ed Press, with the further assertion of Canadian Catering, who in working that the Canadian soldier in a training | thcm out eo many weeks in advance area in England has the advantage ha8 to keep an eye on *hat kindly over his brother of the Imperials in frujtg 0f earth will be forthcom-securing a greater variety in his vie- ing in due 8eason. tuais, which enables him to obtain the fullest measure of satisfaction out of them. Obviously the legitimate eav-1 ing of two pence per man daily in feeding the Canadian Army in England means the saving of a huge sum yearly for the taxpayer of the Do-
THE COST OF SOLDIER’S FOOD
PUDDLE
MASK
H cup bread LESS THAN IN IMPERIAL At MY
BY TWO PENCE PER HEAD.
Aug. 28th—Breakfast
& (iraœ GiiVcxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film
Mfg. Co.
“Varied Ration” Served to Canadians in England is Prepared by a *	Dietitian.
“The cost of feeding Canadian -troops in England is nowadays two
At
printed
are
i
i
i
Always
l
1
l
Canadian Dishes.____
A special endeavor i| made to provide Canadian dishes. Look through a file of these dietary sheets and one finds cropping up such items as sweet corn, maple syrup, pork and beans, raisin pie.
All these dietary sheets are approved by the medical authorities as to food value of the articles contained therein. A double check in regard to their food value is ensured by the diet being finally approved by an expert attached to the Supply and Transport Department and Army Canteen Compiittee also certify that the commodities required will he available at the time forNwhich the diet sheet is intended.
to be hinted through. Poorly cooked mixture
a hot oven for twenty-five minutes. Cut in quarters and serve with cream
Methods of Serving Cabbage.
It is valuable for it mineral sauce.
x
The Navy
In peeling onions place them in s bowl of water, and peel them so that the water covers the onions, to prevent the eyes from smarting.
, If you get a grass or fruit stain ofh^ a white dress, rub it with u little paraffin before sending to the wash and that stain will come out in the boiling.
Various Rations
Send Them To
PARKER
Make a parcel of goods you wish renovated, attach written instructions to each piece, and send to us by parcels post, or express. We pay carriage one way.
, send
if you prefer for the booklet first
Be sure to address your parcel clearly to receiving dept
PARKER’S DYE WORKS
LIMITED
791 YONGE STREET TORONTO
Or,

receive
41

REMEMBER the Great Economy of
iXyv?
There was a period of quiet, lasting a month, after
“I must start somethi
soon/' Pat said to her i.-
one morning
learn if she had any instructions for A : tvhes. ^
Is getting monotonous
noriou OI quiet, 11
Kelly's adventure
altitude record. The Zeppelin com-
“This peace and quiet	ance Gf the aeroplane, its pilot must
getting monotonous.”	take a much higher flight before he	of university work, the forest	schools
The Apache had called while the	rjvalfl th<_ record of the balloonist. On	have been largely drained	of	under
She finally discovered an item that	occasions it is said to have reached a	étions will be sufficient to	hll	only a
fixed her attention. It referred to an	height of 37,000 feet—a shade over	fraction of the real need.-------
immensely wealthy man who had con- Mvrn miles!
trived a vault that he believed would ; when tbe descent began the ther-
•We may he able to start a little f*Hen from 29 to 7 irfrhes, and one of excitement if we can find out how this the two balloonists had lost con-
If he sciousness.

i
z
Similarly, as in other departments
All this Indicates that, for some years, we may anticipate that, taking the country as a whole, material progress In forestry will be made with difficulty and only as a result of strong and well planned effort pectally true as tl research work. I since when an organization charged , with routine administration becomes short handed, the routine must receive attention, and there la little opportun! ty for development along research lines, unless a special organisation for this purpose alone.
Obviously. If continued progress In
la prepot
to the need, a very special and well
D
A
This is es
so much money t it honestly, I may decide a good subject for your at Learn all you can about he makes his money, and
i ran confirm
man
dRJlR
that h

“Rcdpath” stands for sugar quality that is the result of modern equipment and methods, backed by 60 years experience and a determination to produce nothing unworthy of the name “REDPATH”.

The Japanese are a nation of fishermen, and their diet is principally fish. A hardier, healthier race doe
t r
him. t
not
R

er with


T„ •
pent in ived a full re-, ^ The in
X
“Let Redpath Sweeten it ”
Made in one grade only—the highest !
I

the wa-
Pat
maip i
. ..ter half a minute, then scrape with a	mi HH
r clear to the K<rj knif# gnd th,	„m *me off| forestry I» to lake plac
worthy or

ng
f
R
m
JQ, 20k 50 and 10UIU Bags.
that it action.
i
###PAGE###7###

y •
/
j
>6lrz .
VDJeiïh
eriesv
ï
to
Pears
t a
f
*
For clear, white
delicately flavored preserved pears, use

7
A
Conducted Ày Mm KtC&n dkitr
?
Mothers end daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to wr ta to this department. Initial# only will be published with each question and It# as a means of Identification, but full name and address muet be given In eaon letter. Write on one elds of paper only. Answers will be malted direct if
stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed.	'
all correspondence for thle department to Mrs. Helen Law, **
Woodbine Ave., Toronto.
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell
The object of thle department le to place at the service of our farm readers the advice of an acknowledged authority on all subjects pertaining to soils and crops.
Address all questions to Professor Henry 0. Bell, In care of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In thle column In the order In which they are received. As space le limited It is advisable where Immediate reply le necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question when the answer will be mailed direct
?


i
7
ft
0
Address
Lantic
Sugar
LANTIC Pure Cane Sugar
—with its fine granulation— is best for all preserving.
Patriot:—!. Tha new Trench Cap 1b of milk, Stir in three cupfuls of Indian not nearly as long or bulky as the old meal, or enough to make a a tin doug “Balaclava.” It reaches just to the Cook for five minutes, stirring often neck, and is designed for wear under from the bottom. Take from the Are,
the tin helmet by -day, and as a sleep- beat in one-half cupful of P°wd*re<J ing cap by night. You will require suet with a tablespoonful of salt and let about a quarter of a pound of wool— it get perfectly cold. Then add three Canadian Khaki yarn at $1.76 a pound, eggs, beaten light, with two table-or five-ply Beehive at 28 cents a skein spoonful of sugar, and, lastly, a tame-
EEiÆSl'E atsSs&S economic production of wheat
Nerriiw SSS mS*Jtf-”5 is .*Ü5JT SSrtt	IN RELATION TO FOOD PRODUCTION „   
WÈSÈSÊÊÈÊSËË
«“."‘îhlT.piuiTAc.Lt.	A» t-Zrid, m.„	&•* <«*	5 £ riyz.» £ir*T i'„” S ", ÏÏ'S* JT«, Z.%
event are we celebrating thb year, kinds of food in each meal every day. Unjted statcg wi|, probably total 6G8.- j crops. The tiny wheat plant must	^ ^dot this in boxes the the winter, or if the ground is to be
.... The prize should be something Following are examples of simple but 000 000 bushels, of which at least 450,- b« suppliedI with a sufficiency of suit-	February 1917, and set the left for spring plowing it could be ap
X,h:',‘V^ih.sv.r-zrnsrsssîï pk:'',5£rr5!—nsrji
other games should all have something butter, fruit or vegetable. 3. Bread, ternational Bureau of Agriculture. fro"t ™ust receive an a Mindm '	been an old ig yard before. We harrowed. An application of 2 to 4
to do with the country o* the war, and, cheese, tart fruit. 4. Baked! beans,| Rom^ indjcate an increase in wheat well-balanced diet.	trenches ten inches deep putting tons of ground limestone or one ton
of course, the singing of “The Maple brçwn bread, apple sauce. 5. Mutton, ; for British India, of over 16%. Fav-	The Question of Hant food.	. *he bottom five inches of rotted per acre of air-slaked lime will give
Leaf,” “Rule Britannia” and “O potatoes, second vegetable, fruit >at- QrabIe wb€at reports came also fiom What can, be don. then to increase manl|re mjxed with a little earth and you good results
Canada” ought not to	be omitted. Be-	ter pudding. 6. Milk soup, corn hrean	jtajy A year ago a vigorous cam- crop yields through attention to pfant- Djanted tb<.m in this. Now they are The: id phosphate can be drilled on
fore they	leave the	children should	and syrup. 7. Whole wheat bread,	paign for larger wheat acreage in the food?	grown to a good height, are kept hilled at the time the vhea* is sown. Modern
sing thf National Anthem, ah stand- whole milk, prunes. Inese are not United Kingdom was successfully First of all, the farmer can give the and look bvalthy plants but would like drills are provided with both the seed ing at attention.	-	ideal for all ages and conditions, but carried out but unfavorable weather soil the nfost careful tillage, as al- to know tbe cause of it going to seed and fertilizer dropping attachment.
Sara:—1. Cornmeal dumplings may they meet the needs of healthy active ^ damaged the British wheat crop ready stated, which operation will °f Jan<j how to prevent it.	Applications at the rate of 200 to 300
be made as follows:	Scald a quart adplts."	j to go gTcat an extent that in July it course bring as much of the soil Answer:—The cause of the celery pounds to the acre give good results.
ranked 94' as against an average plantfood as possible into shape for p]anls going to .eed is that ‘.he habit If you have not manured your land ,irprMv _ith noultrv manure as it	crop estimated at 100%. It is obvious its consumption by the plant. Second, of the plant ha8 been changed. In just before the wheat, I would advise
liberates nitrogen as>ammonia	then that the entire people of this [every grower of wheat should as far ju wild atnte the celery plant tends to you to use a mixture to fertilizer
Poultry manure is rich in nitrogen continent must exercise every energy as possible, manure his wheat fields. be an annua|. The gardener grows j analyzing 2 to 3% ammonia, which an<i |mW" in phosphorus These two' in conserving food; farmers, every in- [ Livestock manure supplies three of R ag a biennial, that is, he tries to get will provide nitrogen to start the
f Mnw«- Tr, ten nounds of the manure making the food stock go as far as wheat straw to grow; phosphoric acid, you piant winter wheat seed or winter greatly hasten its ripening and the
,1/nr carrying # pei cent, oi n r gen,	question the farmer is asking ing cf the kernel. A shortage in any the first yPar, by the second and third hack the soluble phosphoric acid in the
d > per cen . o p osp r	to-day is, how can I economically in- one 0f these constituents of plantfood generation you will have entirely acid phosphate to a form which is
.46 per cent, oi potasn, or aom^ in	my wheat yiel(j? My anflwer	wheat of poor quality. In changed the* habit of the plant and much more slowly available.
eame proper ion o p	• ts in five divisions; first, by drainage, this connection it should be carefully
that are found in a 3-12-2 mixture but | Winter.<illing ig frequently caused noted that livestock manure, while it
only one four! i as t	-by surplus water not being able to run ,s g00d for most crops, it is somewhat
off or percolate through the soil, and unbalanced for the production of as a result, freezing about the young wheat, in that it carries a relatively
Bean growers should take steps to wheat plant.	•	large amount of available nitrogen, a
secure good seed for next year's plant- Second: proper soil tillage. The medium supply of potash, but a rela-	Market Calendar	I I believe that life in the country is
ing from fields known to be free from advantages of proper seed-bed pre- tively short supply of the constituent ^ RO| commenced previously, crate life at its highest, fullest and best anthracnose and blight. Seed from paration are so apparent that it is un- of plantfood that causes the crop ^ fattening should be started in October, believe that there 1 have the greatest plants killed by front before the pods necessary to go into a detailed discus- ripen, phosphoric acid. Investiga- a;; cockerels and pullets intended chance to develop into the womanly
sion of the profit of good tillage in tions have shown, therefore, that the ^ haie carefully and systematically woman I desire to be—fine, broad,
If the soil iy<o farmer can very profitably supplement fa(tened	I sweet, true, wholesome*. I believe
ripened, plump, intact, and free from | catch and hold a sufficiency of «finis-1 farm manure with an addition of acid	. (),tobt.r roasters (crate that the broadness of the country, the
disease—is essential for securing ture, it must be deeply stirred and phosphate. Such an addition re-	^ bens, roasting young ruggedness of the landscape, the
large yields. It is crop insurance for thoroughly pulverized. Such tillage duces relative straw growth and in- ^_,*	turkova.	beauty of God's growing thigh all
growers to lay in their seed while will allow for the desirable circula-, creases the production of grain there is still opportunity to inspect the, tion of air, which is required for seed j	(t'oncluded next week.)
fields or they can pick from the cream of commercial stacks instead of having to take whatever may be available later.
Seed from carefully selected, clean
pods grown in one's own seed plant There is this great point in favor are safe. Once the beans havÿ been of jurying; It brings in revenue thy shed it is difficult to detect *\\ cvcry month of the year, and in every which have come from diseased pods. ' monlh the dairyman knows just what It «a possible, moreover, in the seed hj inrome from that source ia going plant by planing the seed in hills and ^ There is another important by spraying with Bordeaux mixture	Dairying i. a safe ime; there
to protect the plants from anthraepose, fewer and downg lnd fewer
even at an expense not warranted n ; tivna, loas„ in it than in any larger plantings. The grower should th J branch of farming; see that no one moves among the meed what doe, it co,t to raige '. dairy Plants while they are wet with ram or h jf . to one ear and t0 two%ears dew, when sedges of the fungus emus-, ^ ,
ing anthracnose most readily are, peed alonc at mediui.prices costs I
,pr“d 1 .	. . ..	....	1 about $33 for the first y$ar and $28
After the seed is threshed the grow- for lhe le()ond Cost accounts of
#?=##### :ÉP;
¦¦pm

T,
Henry G. Bell
"Pure and Uncolored*
The
A.E.P.:—We are going to sow it would be a one-season plant
wheat this year on a piece of muck only way to prevent celery from seed-
land. It has had timothy hay cut off ing is to transplant it late, cause it to
it for three years, a very good hay make rapid growth by balancing
crop each year. This summer it was plantfood, and harvest it before it has
ploughed as soon as the hay was taken an opportunity to form seed shoots.
off and hen been thoroughly disced Possibly your ground is running
... It ia a muck short 0f ammonia or nitrogen, mif
We had no ferti- is the kind of plantfood which causes
If the
At Untie Sugar Rcfioe rie* Limited, Montreal
144
and cultivated wince
I

be
etc
t
dfim
>
t
)
Stories
Doll Dreams
I wonder what my dolly dreams When she is fast asleep ? I s'P°se She d.earns she is a princes, ool.
With, 'stead of her old clothes,
A golden crown and satin dress All edged with snowy fur. Sometimes she dreams of me, I guess— I often uream of her!
fitable on any place having sufficient room to keep chickens.

?
Selecting Seed Beans
Dllly Dally
Once-upon a time there lived a little
She was a
The Country Girl’s Creed
girl named Dorothy Hart dear little girl, but she had one great failing: she never obeyed promptly. She was never in any -hurry and was usually late everywhere she went.
Next door to where Dorothy lived little girl named Evelyn Vail. Evelyn led a large collie, but no one liked the dog except herself.
One day Dorothy’s uncle bought her a little yellow chiçken. It was so round, fat and fluffy that she named it
Her mother told her to keep
I
are dry should not be used.
The use of good seed—properly ! wheat production
fattened.
Market in October roasters (crate fed), last old hens, roasting young
consider is the palatabihty of the feed, a
greater depth of thought and a
BEEEHHH ElHiSiEiSSES
must b< palatable and one thaf will j to keep myself sunny, sweet and sane;
produce flesh without costing too to live up to the very best there is In 1	.	me; to make the most of every op-
' Clean fresh water lessens disease portunity to grow bigger, broader and among poultry. Filthy drinking wa- better; to reach out always for higher I ter is the source of much trouble.	and finer thing, I bel,eye in good
The question -f floor space for hens, hard work and plenty of h. I glory like manv other questions connected in th* brpin and th? mus< wit . which with poultry-house construction, can- to accomplish my task of striving and not be answered definitely. The floor overcoming, that 1 may be ready for space which a hen requires depends on the harder things which arc to come.
I several things: (1) The breed of the
hen; some hens require more space j Garden spiders feed oH large flies, than others. (2) The nature of the small mo»hs, etc food and how it is fed. Hens that	B	jj	M.
,re fedhth*vUtnfgr «'T/; highest prices paid
it in the little chicken coop that her brother Jack had made for it. day Dorothy's mother told her to run out on the lawn, because Fluff was out of the coop and was running all around. But Dilly-Dally—for this was what every one called her because
took her time
QflîPûïrrfà
One
a premium
THE LADIES OF HELL
(As the Highland regiments are tailed by the Germans.)
There’s a toss of the sporran,
A swing of the kilt,
And a skreech frae the pipers * In blood stirring lilt;
?They step out together,
As the pibroch notes swell—
Oh, they’re bennie, braw fighters, The Ladies of Hell.
she always was 1st ¦ ¦ and when she got there she found that 1 Evelyn’s dog had eaten her beloved chicken.
This taught Dorothy a severe lesson, and now she has lost the title «if Dilly-Dally by being always on time.
When her uncl^ heard A this he bougnt her another chicken, and we may hope that Dorothy will take better càre of it than she did of Fluff.
x
They are far frae the heather And far frae the moor;
As the rock of their hillsides Their faces are dour.
Oh, “Th<* Campbells are coming ’ Frae corrie and fell—
What a thrill to their slogan These Ladies of Hell
Uk of Poultry Manure
Winter
entails considerable effort will oi tain all the exercise necessary without too much space. (3) Ventilation.—The house poorly ventilated will rot acre mmodatc as many hens as a house
A few years
For POULTRY, GAME,
EGGS dL FEATHERS
t
Please write for particulars.
P. POUX.IV & CO..
Market. Montreal
39 »o
* . properly ventilated
when poultry houses were kept instead of being ventilated, it thought that each hen should have between £ to 12 square feet of floor and in all probability she did, but the b-eed of . i does better no / in
ago warm
As they charged at Culloden Like fire o’er the brae,
Their brothers are charging In Flanders to-day.
And one lessoh in manners The boches has Yearned well
How better can we
Increase Production

than by putting that extra 100 lbs. of finish on a beef m eer f
Finished animals will bring big prices at the
•am
the house properly ventilated with 4 square feet than her ancestors d 1 The Indies of Hell!	with 12, and where good ventilation is
—C.B Q., in the New York Sun. provided 4 to 5 square feet is enough
for the
The first half of the chicks hatched incubator contain practically all

and care in


TORONTO
of the best laying hens in that*batch
FAT STOCK SHOW
Union Slock Yards
DEC. 7 and 8,1917
of it, potaeh.	ehohphoric «eid «ad (Tharea no graat burry
nitrogen is .'.lubla tide manure may your father T
1 saa
Hornets feed almost entirely on is-
P

replied the child.
the hay."
¦ greatly f Ce u# tic lineal
y be certain that milk mad
| We
###PAGE###8###
FALL WEATHER
Tie Slml Boot and Shoe Store
Five Years—6"o
Reminds us that the cold season is not far away, that our home comforts should be looked after at once. Our furnaces may need retire, or some new stove pipes may be wanted ; or perhaps we may need a new stove—as this is one of the greatest of all home comforts. If we go to DALE'S we are sure of getting an article which will give the greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction. Jle keeps several styles of the latest makes.
Municipal Bonds
Town of MONTREAL-SOUTH
Five Year Gold Ronds— in denomination of	with
interest Coupon* at 5$ X payable half yearly
let M»y and November.
Offered at 98 and Interest -or $490. for each $500. Bond
New Fall Lines of
LADIES’ FOOTWEAR
un
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
a. W. DALE
• •
6"/„
are here now.
to yield
Legality of lame approved by Meaera Perron, Taaehereau
Rlnfret A Geneat. advocates
attractive range in Brown, Cray, Black.
Our prices are very reasonable considering the cost of raw materials and labor.
When you require Printing-
call at
X
The TOWN OF MONTREAL-SOUTH is one of
the four municipalities—Longueuil, Montreal-South, Greenfield Park and St. Lambert—which will eventually unite to form a City appropriate to the rapid development of the
THE EQUITY OFFICE
You will do well to make your south shore of Montreal.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
Write for full particular# or inquire from your Notary
selection while sizes are complete, as these goods cannot be replaced at present prices.
REN E-T. LECLERC

in
INVESTMENT BANKER
160 St, James Street, Montreal
Pontiac's Only Newspaper.
Established In 1901
E
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY,
PUBLIC NOTICE
PUBLIC NOTICE
Public Notice is hereby given to nil ratepayers paying municipal taxes in the Municipality of Thorne, that the Col-pul,lie Notice is hereby given to all lection Roll is now complete, and taxes
& urninmime I 1 !iaTe„ °s the ^68t
s	x^sui'ssfi&r - "	1 pu«a before u,» pau.
with a photograph. A family group i* and remains in my office during the	Hy order,	of this district. Prices are SUCh that it will be to intending
the most appropriate.	next 30 days for the inspect ton of ell	THUX J. .UrKhb,	,.	. .	,	lr	, .	, .	,
H. Imison, Photo Artist parties interested, and that on Saturday,	Sec.-Trees, purchasers interest to Consult 1116 before placing their Order
SuL'hlAtÜTwi%-L" ¦ —1 ,(M’ fttb’1"17'------------- elsewhere. Nothing too large-nothing too small.
out further amendment. Such delay j having expired it shall come into force*:
------------------------
R R Xn I W !Ln son of Mr. and Mr#. John Y. Morn-	E. T. HUDGINS,
U “• >0- *' Ul,,mn- son, of Laureutinn View.	Secretary.
Oct obier, 1917.
Province of Quebec,
S<*hool Municipality of Shaw ville.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
II
Local and District.
to
Bvachbnrg Fair got hit badly by the weather on Friday last—the closing day, which is usually planned to he the best. It was the only Fair in the Ottawa district this year which lmd thi- unfortunate experience.
Marriages
HOW BILL WAS SIGNED.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
FarmKH s
of Toronto.
Scarcely more than a stone’s throw from where Governor Slmco-e had hla seat of government a hundred and twenty years ago, his Excellency the Duke of Devonshire appended hie
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Dr. niul Mrs. Ixlock received the welcome intelligence last week.
signature to the Military Service Act, making conscription law in Canada.
The primeval character of the country has changed since Simcoe presided over the destinies of the ,,	r/i.	pioneers who were laboriously hew-
elde-tlxf . . wwee of Quebec,	ingout anew empire from the
I	Municipality <>1 Clarendon.	woods of Upper Canada. The change
was united in marriage to I J,u,,lic Notice is hereby given to all la typified in the replacing of
with	ir sr asKâi*' ............................
g,.wn of white messaline silk, with completed and will remain in my officei coven^t tha‘t the Vanada 0? to-day v es tee	of	silk	crepe	<le	diene une	during the next 30 days for	the	tnspec	wl„ lea,Te no gtone untur_ed t0 pro_
gold	trimmings,	and	wore	a	small	Don of ail thirties interested,	and that on	tect the heritage bequeathed by those
white hat 11 i 1111111 *< I to match.	Monday, November Mil it will l>,,| old pioneers, and to preserve the
i he groom a gift to the bride was	brought forward and homologated, with, | ideals common to the greater British
a beautiful pendant and chain set or without amendment. Such delay | Impire.
! w 1 [*? l^arls.	having expired, it shall come into force,
Alter the ceremony the happy and every iierson whose name appear#j blue parlor on the first floor, part of collide motored to the bride s on *aK| Boll is hereby requested to call the sulte occupied by his Excellency.
al)oi11	three thousand.	It	was pre-	beautiful and costly gifts show the	a,h‘1*l,V 1 11 a,iv'*11,1. "1 l?x ? I The Duke returned shortly before six
dieted	by	an	old	Quebecker,	after	high esteem in w hich both the	their pnijiqiiy wNthfiut iurther notice. I 0»clock, and the large blue envelope
the Hull slide last Spring that the bride find groom are livid.	h. i. HOIHilNS, which the messenger had brought
ancient city would be the last	.	Secretary, from Ottawa was placed in the hands
place in the province to shut oil	ij.iiw1iv.	Given at Shaw ville this 6th day of of his secretary, Colonel Henderson.
the ..... That old gent I	hodoins-Maéwo».	October, 1817
must be wondering where he is at.
The next big drive will, no doubt, be against the city of Montreal, and it may be expected soon.
Hodgixs — Jv»u>

PUBLIC NOTICE
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
when Miss Loren a C, Set on Ore by a spark from a daughter of Mr. and Mrs threshing engine, James Hall, <»t Judd Sheen boro
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
The carcase of a large moose was an object of curiosity at the station here on Thursday morning last. It was ticketed to Dr. Webster Ottawa. The animal was killed in Waltham neighborhood, and is said to have weighed over 1390 lbs, and lmd a fine spread of antlers.
Custom Sawing1.
The ceremony took place in the
Overcoats and Fall Suits
The secretary broke the heavy seals which closed the envelope and
«-W. a^n». £,"2!.j.T"tSi‘tN*îK'lfiN
Mayor DaOdson, of Winnipeg, and two other Acts which were ready for mid Commissioners R. D. Waugh and J. signature, to_the Governor-General. Mrs. r• J. Masson, Annabel!» St., H. Ashdown, of the Winnipeg Water The Duke of Devonshire received w hen their eldest daughter, Myrtle District, have completed arrange- the document In the blirf room. The Belle, was united in marriage to ments for the further financing of heavy piled rug silenced the steps of Waltham, Que., Oct l.-Itev. Mr. ' :\,r Ellaril L. Hodgins. B. 8. A., of the Winnipeg aqueduct work by a , his secretary as he enter. 1 and crossTucker preached his farewell ser- Jwtage du Fort, One., son of Mr. bond issue. The Winnipeg Water Dis- ed to the old-fashioned, slender-mon to a large and attentive , ,n* Hodgins, M. L. A., and Mrs. trlct was created in 1913 to provide legged writing table, placed where audience in the church at Wal- Hodgina, Shaw ville, Une. The a suitable water supply for the city the soft glow of electric light from them last night. At the close of ,tev- * A. Connors, of I’eterbofo, of Winnipeg and rurrounding su- 'the frosted inverted bowl above fell the service the congregation pre- ,,ncde °t the bride, was theofftriat- burbs. The district has an area of full upon it. The Governor General rented him with an address and i,lg dayman. Tlie bride, who 9179 B(*uare	with an assess- took the papers and looked carefully
Mrs. Tucker with a purse. They Wrt* given away by her father, ment of *226,492,, 39, and a popu- through the engrossed pages. The expressed their regret at losing entered the drawing loom to the ,ation of 220,426, The bonds are se- little clock on the Ivory mantlepieoe them and their hearty good wishes strains of Mendelssohn’s wedding	b* a d,4re* c4barf? al’ of the opposite ticked quietly. There was
for their future welfare.	march played by Mis* Lillian Hod- land " lh* d ?tr,ft’ lDC,udll*X the en- no sound but the crackle of the
In a few well chosen words Mrs Kins, of Ottawa, sister ot the I Ure elljr of w,nnlW	"	, paper as his Excellency turned the
Tucker thanked the people for !«*»»• She wore a gown of ivory	“	paers to bote that each was initialled
their kindness, followed by Mr. diieheM satin embroidered with	Hew Grain Pest.	by the clerks of the House and of the
Tucker in his usual happy vein. pearls mid shell and tulle veil em- Something has been hitting some	,nd,rat'* that they had re-
They w ill be much missed for uroidered to match and carried a	| of the wheat fields in the Edmonton	°f	read*
their kindness and courtesy ex- shower boufjiiet of sweetheart	'district and down in the central part ' *****	6 1 8fred thal lbe *** was	SOS*
tended to all.	roses and maidenhair fern. Alias of the province, and no one knows
TlfK ADDRESS.	Masson, of Shawvtlle, sister yet Just what It le	|
IL v W I Tucker.	of tbe hride, was their only atten- farmers have been somewhat worried
Dear Sir •	^	dantand wore a dress of Copen- over the looks of their grain, and in
w,: ,h,	...«rscwüg
m of your severing yonr con hat of black velvet and carried a Ianc** Tbe hail rompanjee, however, nection with us, take the opportunity of bouquet of pink roses. After the	! afler the ueuaI inspection, refused
presenting for your acceptance this ceremony a wedding dinner was	lhe application on the ground that
token of the regard we have had for served. The table was prettily the dama*e complained of was not you during that connection.	centered with white asters and the dee to haU» but lo lhe depredations
XX e express our regret at losing you house throughout was decorated	^ a* ^ ^ Samples of tbe affected
but will expect still to follow your with astei s and sweet pens. The	f™® were tben acn'1 Edmonton
career in a life of usefulness to your young couple left on the noon ^/,^lhânhI!ï,lL.lIÎÎ
also as showing our appreciation of her *	' . , ]1,1’’. An,i navÿ *>)"£ with differences that Indicate some
invariable kindness in acting a> organist * J. HLJÜSïi *™Y îïnk	" work
and in other ways.	nK ’	\ u r honey moon they | ^port comes from Saskatchewan,
rHE-1 ^	^ w. _____________
gm« have the good wishes of a thought they bad been hailed, and large * m l*' of friends for a long applied to the companies for insur-¦nd prosperous married life.	money.
(Smiths Falk News, October 3rd)
Yesterday morning at o'clock a pretty wedding solemnized at the home of Air
He
nine
was
Men, we are now prepared to show you
a most beautiful range of Fall and
#
Winter Suits and Overcoats at prices from $10 up to $25. -
WALTHAM
At $25.00 we have an all-Wool Irish Frieze Overcoat, satin lined shoulders and sleeves and tweed lined to bottom. This coat is made in an
reel, he took an ordinary pen from
mZatog 'thêndAcaMa» hl"Rciamaii	Engli8h Ulster Style belted back and one of the
dressiest Overcoats anyone could wish for.
A number of
clause», with the exception of the calling out of the different classes. Immediately became operative. The reading and signing occupied from twelve to fifteen minutes.
It Is understood that the pen with which the Act was signed has been presented by his Excellency to tbe Lieutenant-Governor, Sir John Hen
the

We have a nice range of Hewson Tweed Suits, sizes 36 to 44 in single and double breasted style.
Boys’ Suits and Overcoats in all the newest styles at low prices.
Come in and look them over.
drie
It le appropriate that the Act should have received the Oovernor-Geoeral’s assent In such a conscription stronghold as Toronto. That this should have been so was apparently altogether unpremeditated. It Is understood that it was originally thought that II would suffice If the bill were signed by Mr. Justice Duff as administrator. But after the bill bad been so signed there was some question as to the validity of the step, and to make assurance doubly
Much the same
where It is said that In so
thirty per cent, of tbe crop ban been
ARCHIE DOVER

hful and life-long friend*,
Thi Piuplk oy Waltham. *
sure It was determined to secure the
signature of the Duke himself to another copy
r


