###PAGE###1###

81.00 A YEAli IN ADVANCE
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., TIIUHSDAY, AUGUST 23, 1017
No. 9, 36m Yeah
..i
STORE]
*55
C
Tfje Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE
THE
ESTABLISHED 1874
BANK
E.tebli.hed 1864
Capital Paid up • $4,000,000 Rest
OF
OFFICERS S
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkbden GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. Macarow
Economy is the Word
Save Money by Saving your Machinery.
4,750,000
OTTAWA
95 Branche» In Canada
87,000,000 7,250,984 .. 108,656,900
Paid up Capital.........................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .
Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada-How can You Help Win the War ?
BY NOT WASTING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with us if a start In the right
direction.
Sending money to the Hoy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George II Pcrley.
K. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager :
H, V. Cann.
Chief Insptctor. _
Hon. George Bryson, President. Russell Blackburn,
SI: George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon. Geergv Guidon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthie -	•
National Carbonless Motor Oil
(The bent there i«)
Polorine Motor Oil Gas Engine Oil Steam Cylinder Oil Transmission Grease Cup Grease Machine Oil Separator Oil
All high grade goods at reasonable prices Come here for the slip easy stuff.
• #
• e
BY SAVING
BY PRODUCING
Interest milled half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up savings funds, and are thus prepared for the opportunities or necessities ot the
future.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A
Buy your clothes at Dover’» for lew*
Bring your boy to Dover’* on Saturday, Aug. 86th and fit him out f<>ri you undoubtedly have a few new school. All clothing reduced in Prlce I picture* you would like framed. Call for this one day. A. Dover.	and *ee sample*. Picture framing
Mr. Tripp will be home und will | specialty. H. Imison.
SSSlSâC'I ,Rework	n-eShaw-
The Austin Homemaker* Vllu Thursday evening of this week at will meet at the home of Mva. A. n. |	8. Hodgius.
Klliott. on Sent. Itii. at,2.30 p. m.	.	0 . .... ie,.
Subjects :-The cans of the sleep- Avnprior hair. Sept. 17tb, loth
ing room, by	Mrs. J. F. Carson ;	and 10. Greatly enlarged in all,	0u, instruction I» individual, and	ihe
Duet by Mrs.	C. Carson and Mis»	ways. Big midway. Inals ol	içhool U open duilng the entire year;
Mi-Caff? Roll Call—Simple home	g.^ed and sports in addition to the	you may therefore Mart at any time
’	usual attraction*. lUdnctd R til-	Our rates are $iu per uoatlii do	not
way Rate*.	i Jore than 300 student* from other local
college* have in the past joined our class* LaWN Social—A lawn social in con- ea. Names and addresses are available.
w SSSSs
Maitland, on Friday evening of this 1Èngîi*h. Correspondence
24th. Supfier serve*! Send for circular
SHORTHAND “ Canada's Best "
COWLING gSf'BÊ
U ENRY’S
n SCHOOL
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa, Ont.

ran
OTTAWA, ONT
LJ
Ha* proved itself to be Canada's Best Business, Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl ing'NWvocate.
W. E. Gowlino, II. G. W. Braithwait
Principal
ir
remedies. ___ _	__
BOYS—Saturday is Boy’s Day at Dover’s ; see that you are there for your We have some dandies.
W. A. HODGINS
suit
*
1
A Big Stor
Tuesday night last witnessed week—August one of the most terrific thunder-	from 7 p. m. Good program of music,
storms that has visited this sec-	etc.; speeches by prominent gentlemen.
31011 for many years, and a survey Admission—25 cents; children, 16 of the horizon in nearly every dir- ^nta. Everyone welcome.
ection showed that tlie aerial dis-	----------.	The service* in the Methodist
Zi r«srL Kwî-v-t:	*
nearly nine o’clock; before the first Miss SadieSteele of South Ons- Mr. Sampson, lay reader, of Ot-raimIrons began to patter upon	low, spent the week-end with her	tawa,	conducted	the	services at
the roofs of the houses. It gra-	aunt, Mrs. Geo. Hod gins, m town.	St. Paul’s Church,	on Sunday,
dually Increased in volume, but at Mr. Carruthers of Aylwint has Arnprior Fair on Sept. 17th, no time was very heavy while the been a guest at the rectory tor a jgth and 19th is to be “better than
first stage of the storm was in pro- few days gress. Only the fringe of this instalment touched Shawville. It swept around the western sky towards north, and working east developed much intensity in that quarter. The lightning flashes were almost incessant and blinding in their vividness, while the thunder crashes were nerve-rack-
mighty overhead distill ounce which set the citizen* of this peaceful hamlet on edge. Coming more directly from the south west,
path lay directly over the village, which rarely has been subjected to a more terrific electrical bombardment. This came on about midnight, and scam had most of the population astir. The dread thought of Hre began to take hold of the nervously inclined, and before they had much time t<> txmder over what the fate ot the village would be were a conflagration to break out, the south western horizon became suddenly nglare with a dull red light which whs unmistakeable. As the ghue increased in volume, it soon became evident that some farmers buildings were being rapidly demolished, as one result of the storm's fury and there were many guesses as to who was the probable sufferer. That, however, was nut dvflnetely settled until next morning, when it became known that James McDowell had lost a large baru full of hay.
From North Clarendon also came the news that John Sparling had a barn and other ont-buildings attached consumed with their contents. In the village the only building which sustained any damage wa* the storehouse of the G. F. Hudgins Co., which was struck fairly in the middle of the ridge board and some shingles torn off. It*s very fortunate this structure was not set anre, as ir it had been the results would certainly have been serious.
From other portions of the district reports have been coming In
of the storm’s effects :	Mr. Need-
ham. of the Calumet Island had a narrow escape from death when his house was struck, and the furnishings within considerably knocked about in Lower Litchfield, the home of Mr. Paul suffered damage and strange to note, a bed occupied by a woman was
SX S'drVtivti,:
killed while the animal was standing with its head over a wire fence.
Doubtless there were other instances of the storm s destructive work, of which this paper has not heard.
etc
SHAWVILLE
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
President
\n Important Statement
WILLIAMS’ FLY
EXTERMINATE
Lut September we made the following
Statement :
r
" We have been requested by our Shorthand and Secretarial graduates to issue a statement relative to the compaiison between the enrollments and graduations.
.	. Our records show that up to June. 1W1Z,
ever. No effort is being n pa red the number of students who entered the
smis® ¦*
Miss Marjorie Lester, ot Ottawa, ^he Hiiek Churvh on Sunday next pared with the total enrollment has been has been visiting Mrs. P. E. Smiley at n He m All(l at Cushman 1 Hall, reduced to a negligible minimum, and in
«¦I» »“*¦.......... Norway Bay. at 8 m.
Mr. H. S. Barnett is enjoying a	-•  	to graduate.
few holidays with his family at	M^rriaires	To a great extent this is due to the fact
Norwav BaV.	__*	that all Willis teachers since 1912 have
... y T	*| ,in	tn	.	been keen, enthusiastic and Intelligent
Miss Jean Mason went t ARMSTRONG—Humphries. workers ; that the atmosphere Is renned
ASffiffiSS ^$SSSMSH5
in tow ii toi a few day» la t of Shawville, Que., by hei uncle, able to say that the results ob-_	R#V. W. R. Johnston, Greenwood, tained are fai superior to those of
Mr. Lyall A. Hodgins, of the Out. The wedding was it quiet previous period in the history Westport branch of the Merchants one, consisting only of the mem- Qf'Willis College.
Bank. > spending hi* holidays Iwrs of the two fannlie*. for one When,oacOBblnethoroaghneseof traln. with hi» mother in town.	brother of the biulegioom, itev. ;^g with a helpful atmosphere, you get
Mr,H. Uata, l.r, on Man.la, %K'.^%:u,noS ffi^.S\SKS3«-J-
After Z8wedding breakfast the Pn»Hpeciu, bridal party left on their tour to Kingston via K. & P., thence to Montreal by boat, expecting to
, - reach their new home iu Montreal
Mrs. H. J. Black returned last (Cote gt< pAUn by the end of the
week from a visit to her daughter, wee^e The bride was unaccom-Mr*. York, Ottawa, who with her |)anie(j and was dressed in a suit of husband accompanied her home. taupe grey, with hat to match Miss Laura Woodley returned Among the many presents ¦ from Hiver Desert on Friday ac- reived was a handsome cabinet ol companied by her cousin, Miss silver, accompanied by an address,
Helena Bennett.	from the young people of Horton.
Mm Peter McGregor, of AI- Good wtoiiee for future haupinw»
asv ansrawf: ss.
guest of her niece Mrs. G. A. How- both town and country, ard for a few days last week.
Miss Dorothy Stevenson, daughter of the late Dr. Stevenson, of Wakefield, who attended Shaw-

The best lice and vermin destroyer. A perfect disinfector for closets, stables, etc., in quarts, half gallon and gallons.
r
its
Tanglefoot
Swatters
Torpedo Fly Catchers Wilson’s Fly Pads
was week
Perfect Seal
Improved Gem
Pints Quarts
H. gals
Dominion Crystal Granulated
Sugar Farawax.
i gal. Jars 1 gal. Jars
for Loudon, Ont .¦ sister, Mrs. Greenwood, who is reported seriously ill.
Miss Ella Steele, of the W. A Hod gins* staff, left Tuesday take her holidays with Aylinei and Ottawa friends.
SEALERS PER DOZ.
90c 1.10 1.25
N. I. HARRISON
Principal.
Willis College. Ottawa
Pints $1.00 Quarts 1.20 H. gals, u 1.40
to
Keep a record *of your outings, your children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have a complete stock from #1.25 up.	H. Imison.
re-
GI RLS WANTED, at once-waiters, laundry and kitchen girls—for Hotel Renfrew. Good wages. Write or phone D. W. Budd, Managing Director, Renfrew, Ont.
PIPESAND
fiONCRETECULVERTS	. ^
V curbings for wells sold at W orks Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T McDowell St Son. Shawville Que.
Births
25c.
W«lÜmm, Que., July ville Academy a few year* *K°. Mr. and Mr*. John T. Watt, ft son was in town last week.	—William Alexander.
Mrs. Hugh Hanna left for her At Wyman. Que., on Monday, home at Massey on Tuesday, ac- July 80th. to Mr. and Mrs. Henry
com pan led by sister-in-law. Mrs. Henderson, a son.
, eo. Hodgius	intends
ing a month.
Mr. G. A Howard returned from the Weston Monday night, having disposed of all his horses to one iwrty. He reports that in some sections o4 the West the crops fairly good.
35c.
Deaths
Mr. Charles Bryson, of the firm of Bryson & Graham. Ottawa, one of the oldest merchants in the city, died suddenly at his summer home at King-mere, on Tuesday 6t la-t week. He was in his 73rd year
Sigh Quality Can Vinegar
W. L. and B. Proof
Pte Bennie Smith, reference to whose recent arrival from England was made in last weeks paper, reached the parental domicile on Tuesday evening. Bennie was Invalided to England several

45c. gal.
are
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
' I
«1MK
ARMY CHAPLAINS
AT THE FRONT
ing more good than they ever did in their lives. It is a matter of the individual, in whom, perhaps, the quality most needed is that form of tact which enables him to he n good fellow among the men without derogating from the dignity of hia calling. It has heen abundantly proved that, while the British soldier wants his parson to he a man and a comrade, he insists above all on his being still a parson,
and the chaplain who forgets his | School, named after •MBIM I	II 1	H I
cloth in the endeavor to become more French general. The school occupied Men Are I ermitted to Send Details to
friendly with the men finds only that "early » quarter of the basement of a	Frighten the British
he has killed his usefulness.	large building devoted to the cham! A certain amount of elimination has l>agne industry, only a mile from the	I eople.
No one can he much at the front been necessary among the chaplains front line trenches of the enemy. The	^e number of war prisoners In-
without	hearing of the good work	and will go on; but, on the whole, the	basement was protected hy the three ÇM>||es jn the combatant countriee
done by	the army chaplains. How	testimony of all grades, f/om com-	cement floors of the rooms above and the prob|em of fee,|ing and caring for
the smallest	I ST*	in<1[cated	manding officers down, is that the	by a hill just behind the building, i thcm increases more than proportion-
Several pieces of wood across the A convenient place for it is on a shelf, ™op® ,7 been objected, has given foumigtion 0f a new Windsor dynasty, document freeing the faculty of the, to permit the English nation to learn |	¦	HÉÉÉAny carpenter îhe rbaplams an opportunity of mak- Not only ia the roya, house to be s‘’h°o1 from all responsibility in case|h()W ,ladly English prisoners were being good their footing as perhaps no gtyled ..,he	House of Windsor," but I of '"jury. In	Le Journal	de l’Ecole	| ing treated. The only possible ex' other war has done and they have • the family	surname becomes Wind-, Dubail the superintendent	of the	pri-	planation ie that the Germans in des-
se,zed the opportunity.	SOr.	, mary schools in Rheima describes, peration are wil|ing to turn the war
Hurial l nder hire.	As the title of Prince and Princess some of the experiences of the pupils jnt0 „ supreme horror, utterly regard-
The Higher Command has come is henceforth limited to the children of unique school.	less of what may happen to their pris-
thoroughly to recognize their value as and grandchildren of the sovereign, it ()”e Saturday morning, he says, I oner8 jn the hands of their enemies, an integral part of the war establish- follows that a great-great grandson of |ined UP a" l*le scholars for sanitary ^ recent case of this kind has been merit in the maintenance of the mo- a British monarch will be plain "Mr,	inspection at a	quarter of	nine as	us-	reported in which two Australians
rale and the good spirits of the men. Windsor.”	His great-grandsons, tqo,	uaI» a"d thon	^ent	from	who had been taken prisoners along
The officers have come to know the in- will be commoners, but will bear the j?round floor of the building into the	8evcraj hundred others of their
dividual	“padre" in the	daily friction	courtesy title	of Lord - Windsor,	basement classroom. Ten minutes i regjment escaped, returned to the
of life in the field and	in times of	if we assume	that the	custom still	later there' came a terrific explosion, j British lines and told their story. It
danger, and they have found him a prevails of creating the sovereign's 11 violent shock made the whole build- wa8 a gruesome enough narrative, and good fellow and a brave man. The sons dukes.	I !?*	'	, «/loud of thick, one of Its most significant details was
tional 4 oz. of tea and \ oz. of sugar men bave learned his value as a com-; Windsor is certainly a good choice . * *J an<1 w)hlte dost p°u, that after these men had been kept daily, while, if supplies be available, rade who has a power to help them of name. Even before the Conquest. ,nl<Vne ccJar* A . she, hu< fa,,cn for a considerable period almost with-they may receive instead either 4 oz. 'and minister to their comfort as only the kings had a royal hunting lodge,0” lhv roof	8,*ly _	* away* out food, utterly without sanitary
of cocoa or chocolate with 1-10 tin of | 0I?e who has an officer's rank can, but at Windsor. The first two Hemys and P|eijce.< two oT , noora* and even conveniences and in quarters patheti-condensed milk, or 1-5 of a tin of co- with whom, at the same time, they John lived in the castle, and Edward | “J“rledll ,	iff far cally and needlessly inadequate, they
coa and	milk,	as	a	substitute for the can talk	much more intimately than	III. was born	there. It	was	used by	”e schoIars- 1 he 0,der children and were toM by the German prison com.
soup or	beef	extract.	with any	regular officer.	It is this	the Tudors as	one of their	favorite	10 had been waiting for mandant that they were perfectly free
The item "extras" at the front also that» for tbe practical purposes of palaces, and through the nineteenth 1 " m bombardment before de- tQ write a;| the details home to Eng-includes, when stocks are to hand, 1 j wa£ the chaplain's chief value lies. I century it was regarded more or less	lu 8ma,ler land. It seemed to be part of the
oz. of pickles per man thrice a week The burying of the dead, often un- as the headquarters of the royal fam- .	,	,	. arfu. ' , , la ea< era German purpose that England should
to all troops, together with 2 ozs. of fire and the marking and record- : ily.	! “L* me fr"îhtened but calm. I k flooded with guch horror tales.
butter three times a week. The at- of th,e Position of graves are only The British royal house has in the %=» nervou8’ too, but said reassuring-	_»	.	,
lowance of fresh or frozen meat or ' P"» of the dangerous duties which past borne various names that might ly;	_	. i r.aonera e-xenangeo.
preserved meat and biscuit may also ^«plains at the front have to per- have been revived with advantage -	the . for. « Xo** ‘I"1* the German atti-
be increased to IN, 1, and 1 pounds ! form- In the official account of the Plantagenet, York, Lancaster, Tudor, ' !a”le pIa"‘ »on t be afraid, children, tude toward prisoners has suggested respectively upon the authority 0f : deed by which Mr. Mellish won the Stuart, D’Este (Queen Anne) and ua al1 g0 dow"lnto the cellar; the that Germany was determined by dint
**¦1*1*111
diers in Flanders are also rewarded	. havc heen seriously wounded and a rag bag should come Into fashion.	-*--	the8,e suPP1,eR "ever ^ot to the pnson-
with many other dainties. Thus upon	*	larf?e number slightly wounded, i The day when rags were not of suf-	a ^_»_flklai||M^^ *** ^°T w”om they were '"tended.
the recommendation of the Medical u , t u n it i u » The work done by the chaplains dif-' fleient value to warrant much atten-	«çiüh
Officer, a soldier may receive a gill <war* o . an i a - .aug . fers widely, \\ ith a hospital or field tion being paid to them Is past. To of lime-juice, while there is also the What vowel do you sound when ambulance it will obviously be differ-! day there Is a heavy demand for wool-rum ration, one half-quartern in laughing? According to Ha Ha, “if.ent ^rom that with a brigade in the len rags. Scarcity of new wool has
volume, which is issued at the discre- y°u laugh in A (ah) you are frank,	a brigade in the trenches is created an Increased market for shod- thing." The Sergeant—“But sup-
tion of the Officer Commanding on	honest and fond of fun and frolic, but	another thing from a brigade in re	dy materials, of which woollen rags , posing a German was coming towards
the recommendation of his medical	you are of a fickle disposition. If you	8erve Attached to a unit in the	are the basis, and Increased prices you with a saw-edged bayonet fixed?**| Among	the new	departures at the
confrere. But, it may be mentioned,	laugh in E (pronounced 'ay'), you are	trenches a chaplain may have a “par-	are being paid for this hitherto The Canvassed—“I tell you I have not	Canadian	National Exhibition this
the alcoholic stimulant is not issued phlegmatic and melancholy; if in I with three or four miles of front neglected material. Save the rags. the heart for it. I tried to drown year are the judging competitions for concurrently with the pea-soup or (pronounced ‘ee’), you are simple- and a depth of ten miles.	-+- some kittens the other week, and they young farmers and farmers' sons unbeef extract authorized to the men in minded, affectionate, timid and unde-	Tommy and the I'arson.	The Fork Leaked.	| cried so much I warmed the water for der 2G years of age. They tfill be
¦¦¦, td’’ if,in, ?’ ,y,°U ar,t generoU8 and Apart from the individual work, al- Little Basil was allowed to sit up to	held u"der the ™P«vMon of the On-
The rum alternative, occur among	bold; end if In U—well, you are a per- !	reedy apoken of jn the benches, the	the table with his fond mamma on	-?--	lano Government,	and a very large
P r" i n ci p I e - a ! Z ahl'ï "as I	S ' ?t'i.^ssïï to g.t^VÏ'now	HU "manner^ were “ gënera7lÿ Try ' bu^ uVthe Tide coating ofTraw	^	nTTking
5*	1 '	____________ ssr^.'sas, = Sàÿr-rjs	:b ss “tssrs. »
weather be so *e\ere as to render it	it, they are very ready to give him food into his mouth with his knife. I rapidly than any salve or plaster. ner?	P?UL.!ry' gra,n*
advisable for the commanders to. Think how one tooth can ache, when their confidence. For all chaplains are “Basil?" she cried, reprovingly; „• •	,.	. u.	roots, fruits and vegetables
agree to its being distributed among ! it is your tooth, and then have lots of not equally adapted to army work. "Basil, where's your fork? You .	' _	han»cira ^	Judging competitions were
the men in the trenches. The latter sympathy for the poor little fellow Some find the atmosphere difficult and ought to use four fork!"	. my,c olheM' Ro11 UP • ^ick held at Toronto, but the present ones
also receive further consideration at that is cutting a whole mouthful of sterile. To others it is congenial, and know, mamma," said Basil plain-	a,nd l,.e 1 ire, on ,a much more pretentious
discretion, to the extent of an addi- them at once.	I they rejoice to feel that they are do- tively; “but this one leaks awfully." TiT.tVllT 1	/ m,dd a„with a ]o°^ scale and under Government ausp.ee.
J 1 ,nat Wl11 do just as well.	should prove a great suvee
L'RCOLB DUBAIL
GERMANS STARVE WAR PRISONERS
Experiences of Pupils In Shell-Swept
Rhelms in 1915.
In spite of the terrible bombardment that the city of Rheims underwent during many of the early months 1 SYSTEMATIC of 1U16, instruction #Mr children atill went on in subterranean schools, the most famous of which is the Dubai I
well-known


f
HAVE WON MANY HONORS FOR
HEROIC DEEDS.
MALTREATMENT OF CAPTIVES OF WAR.

%
“First of all, however, place the tools on a large piece of paper and arrange them so that they take up as little room as possible, although sufficient room should be left between each for you to be able to pick up
without disturbing the one Put them into groups,
keeping tools of the same kind toit hat his heme garage is a place of gethvr< waging from the largest to order and tidi?	A clean, well
ordered, well-equipped garage means longer life for the ear.
“Owners frequently allow their
\ Well-Equipped Garage
“No prospective owner hesitates to ask about the proper way to take care « ! bit va;say - an « Xpert frequently overlooks the matter of providing himself with the facilities to make such care easy aft his car himself he should see to
Maintain Morale and Good Spirits of Soldiers and Perform Many Dangerous Duties.
“But he
any one next to it
If a man looks
!>'
garage near the roof, or across one not too high up corner, will do to store away old out- would make one for a small sum, but er covers and tubes until there are a during the long evenings it is quite sufficient number to send away “A work bench on which a vise can self, particularly as it does not re-be fixed is invaluable if there is room quire many tools or an expert carpen-for it
a pleasant occupation to make it your-
ter to carry out the job in a satisfac
“One of the most useful things in a tory manner, garage is a tool rack. This is easily “A handle placed on the top of the made and consists of a fairly thick chest will enable it to be carried to board large enough to hold all the wherever you may be working, in the tools which are kept in the garage for same manner as the tool rack. It is general repairs as apart from those very convenient to be able to do this, that are carried in the car
as it saves much walking about.”
EXTRAS FOR
TOMMY’S MENU
RATIONS FOU 01 R GIGANTIC ARMIES AT THE FRONT.
Native Tastes of Every Unit From Every Part of Greater Britain Considered in Daily Dietary.
)
civ-
extras
/
\

A recruiting sergeant vouches for the accuracy of the following:—The Canvassed—“I could not kill
YOUNG JUDGES AT “BIG FAIR."
any
Canadian National Revives Competition for Fermera and Farmers' Son».
the trenches
Some
HeiLO HELEN, SAW THE LI6HT-
AND thought
we’d STOP
ÛLAD Nov DID,
IM All ALONE
SO MB. Duff
Nts Tom has gone to
VISIT A 6IOC FRIEND
l Don’t LI KB TO STaN alone but in
A CASE LIKE THIS I JXWY MinDIT-HE HAS 9EiX TO .5 EE THIS FRIEND MUST EVERY MIGHT THIS WEEK
nelloX
MRS '
DUFF /
HAS

WHO IS rut. sick TRltND
HELEN?
Tom sans mis
NAME 13 i
KCLVi Poole
I ain't fishm’
OFFICER., I’M HARMIN’
THE norm
TO SWIM
E
OO
I A*tM\ nou
AFRAID TO-STAN a.unET
Fli
A FRIEND IN HEED IS A FRIEND INDEED
I
»
r,
ü
ï


l
V

m

w,

LVz-
/,
“ ?
?
//
^ 4 r

?

t





\




###PAGE###3###
MJU1CEW IN THE WAR WIRES
arm (rop Queries
Earning Money at Home.
Very often a girl who has been wishing for some way in which to little money suddenly finds a good Idea close at hand In homely disguise. Not long ago one girl noticed, in wandering about the home farm, that a large amount of the fruit on the trees was dead ripe and about to go to waste with a question:
“May I have one box of berries out of every four that I pick, and one basket of plums, one of peaches and one
He was skeptical but also a little re-	much of the current leaks away and is	% L.:—1. A wrist-match with an il-	wrung, but folded down in cloths for
lieved, for the prospective loss of the	lost, owing to < amp ground and other	luminated face, a	pocket flashlight, a	three hours, then pressed on the	wrong
small fruit was worrying him. “Go	( circumstances more or less accidental,	pocket drinking	cup or n solidified	side.
ahead and see what you can do,” was The only important use of electrified alcohol burner are useful gifts for a Reader:_1. Bavaria is the largest
his reply.	barbwire is made along the houndary	man who has left	for a military train-	*tate in the German Empire	after
What the girl did was to get down	line that separates Belgium frorrt Hol-jing camp. 2.	To disinfect a room	Prussia. 2. “Sinn Fein” is	Gaelic
the land is plowed to top-dress It with to business at once. She gathered , land. The boundary is marked by a thoroughly proceed as follows: If pos- for “For Ourselves”. 3. Inflamed eye-marl at the rate of about two tons to and sorted diligently, with a wel 1 -de- j fence of such wire (the latter duly in- *ible, mattresses and comforts should ij,js should be bathed several times a the acre If vou have a lime spread- fined scheme in view for every pound su la ted at each post) that carries a be burned. Wet everything else well day with u solution of half a teaspoon-er and the marl is drv after it has	of her own share. The fruit that fell	death-dealing current.	with a bichloride solution, boil and	sun	ful of	boracic	acid	in	a	cup	of	hot	wa-
been nulverizcd it can be spread with	to her lot she put up in the form of	The object of the fence, of course, is	the blankets. Scrape the walls	and	ter.	4.	To	test	nutmegs,	prick	them
the lime spreader to best advantage, jelly, apple butter, and peach and to prevent Belgians from making their ceiling, wash with bichloride; also the with a needle; if they are good, the
You can spread it fairly wed with a plum marmalade, which found a ready escape into Dutch territory. It seems floor and woodwork, then scour with 0il will .spread around the puncture, shovel but yi u will not get it suffici- market. The project is still flourish, to have been very effective for the carbolic soapsuds. Fill cracks with 5. "Neither he nor I were there” ently evenly distributed. After the ing. She buys her jars and glasses purpose, and many men have lost fresh putty, shut the doors and win- should be “neither he nor I wa;; there." lime has been spread work it into the at wholesale prices, and makes a point their lives in trying to pass the bar- dows tight and paste strips of paper 0. The 400th anniversary of the R ground by thoroughly disking at least of getting such as arc of odd, attrac- rier. But a good many have got around them. Closet doors should be formation will be celebrated October a week before the wheat is planted. tive shapes. On each one she pastes through in safety by digging under or, taken off the hinges, but left inside. 31 At the time of sowing wheat I	« label bearing her name and guaran- j by using rubber gloves for protection	Place three bricks in the middle of	the
wo 1 1 advi adding 200 to JiOO pounds	^tee. She has never yet had anything	while severing the wires with nippers	floor, put an iron pan on them,	into
4 rsjSJTsJs snsrttstiste :: - *Mkr “
Mrsss.TSt'srii	? % ?, „
phosphoric acid and from 1 to 2 per right time and handling it carefully, l' rench cent potash would be valuable if It she has greatly Increased her fathers can be obtained. This fertilizer can sales, while her own income from the be applied at the time the wheat is business is forty dollars a month, sown or spread in the same way as is earned, for the most part, out in the advised for lime and worked into the sunshine and open-air. soil thoroughly just before the wheat is sown. If the grain is seeded to a mixture of clover and grass seed the addition of the n.arl will make the soil sweet in reaction and the fertilizer will have a very beneficial effect in insuring a good stand of grass.
.Your
TODJemt
Boundary Line Between Belgium and Holland Carries Current.
Attempts to “electrify” barbwire entanglements, with a view to electrocuting an advancing enemy, have not, thus far in the war, proved successful. They aren't doing it over in Europe.
More than one difficulty is in the way. The principal one is that it is not found practicable to maintain in the trenches a plant that can furnish a current of sufficiently high voltage.
Furthermore, under such conditions,
{
»
J>
earn a

M

I'd

III
I
¦ — ¦ ¦¦ .. / Conducted6y Mm 7irlc*i dour
Mothers and daughters of all egea are cordially Invited to write 10 th.!* department Initials only will be published with each question answer at a means of Identification, but full nsme and address mu 1 * given In each letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answers w>t mailed direct If stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed.
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law Woodbine Ave* Toronto.
FI*'
aw
i

Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell.
She went to her father
Z ^	v.\
b
Th# object of this department le to place at the service of our farm readers the advice of an acknowledged authority on all subjects pertaining to soils ana crops.
23*
Address all questions to Professor Henry Q. Bell, In cars of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In this column In the order In which they are received. As space Is limited It Is advisable where Immediate reply le necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when the a newsy will be mailed direct
Henry G. Bell
Question—H.S.S.:—Can Ï now acid phosphate with a force feed grain drill? It has no fertilizer i ttachment but I thought possibly it might work.
Answer:—You can sow acid phosphate with a force feed seed drill if the acid phosphate is dry and finely ground. Sudfi a method of application would not allow you to sow but a very light application. Be very careful to thoroughly clean out and oil the drill after use for acid phosphate sowing, otherwise, the metal part will rust. If you have a lime spreader I would advise your spreading the acid phosphate with this implement and then thoroughly work it into the soil by disking and harrowing. This will give a better application than applying acid phosphate through the seeding attachment of the seed drill.
Question——I have eighteen acres of oats. I intend to sow wheat after oats. The field la somewhat run. I have plenty of marl near the river. Would It pay me to top-dresa the wheat with marl? If so, how much to the acre?
spread with a shovel? heavy nor light.
Answer:—Would advise you, after

Cook :—Perhaps the following note;
...	,	,	,	, , may be of assistance:	Salads and
which a pound of flowers of.sulphur vegetableg neutralize usual tendency has been placed, wet the sulphur with alcohol, stick in a short length of fuse, light it, then go out quickly, being Tells careful to see that the door is also made tight
*
| of the body toward acidity, facilitate the elimination of waste products and poisons, and thus incidentally post,	«,	.	,	,	pone the	coming of old	age.	Salads
Leave	undistui	>ed	for	cooj and	purify blood	and	freshen
Here is a story about General Pe- twenty-four hours. The fumes will, compIexion| give jaW3 and teeth extain	which I have	had	on	good au-.	bleach any colors in the roomi. Dishes	g^cise necessary to development with-
thority.	If there	is	one	thing more	may be disinfected	by boiling for 6	out which ,atUr decay( ^eiiitate
than	another	that	the	General	dis-	minutes.	digestion	by encouraging mastication,
likes	it	is	being	asked	when	the	war	H	R.:—1.	Bureau	drawers	which	promote	oral hygiene	by	leaving
Only foolish, ignorant stick can be made to slide easily by mouth ^ teeth p.iygiological,y dean people ask such a question he has de- first rubbing over the edges with at en(J of mea| counteract tendency to dared. But some little time ago he sandpaper, then soaping them. 2. anaemia, scurvy, gout, rheumatism, met an English lady at dinner in A garment that has had an overdose arg rjcj. jn |jmej ao necessary to bone-Paris who put the question to him. of bluing may be whitened by boiling, building; also valuable laxative. Green Now General Petain is incapable of 3. Brown sugar can be substituted forj vegetable, are particularly valuable replying rudely to a lady. He turned white in pickling. 4. Try benzine to jn case, of anaemia and 0f other dis-
td his questioner and said with a remove the tar stains from your j eases which are ascribed to diet desmile, “I shall tell you, only you must dress. 6. To make oatmeal gems, fic|encjes
...,,
eating is a good time to sleep, but not al,out one-third of its total food ma-immediately after a	meal. 7. Yes,!	ter*a^s» especially its ash or mineral
raw tomatoes are	good for almost	ma^er. On the average 30 per cent,
everybody who does not have ulcer	salts is extracted when
of the stomach so that the use of the vegetables are boiled in tomatoes gives him pain. If they do thirty minutes. When, on the connût cause pain one need not be afraid trary» they are steamed they lose only to eat them.	8. The diet of a child of 10 Per cent • Hence vegetables
two years should consist of fruits, should be either steamed or stewed in grains, a moderate allowance of pure a casserole or covered earthenware cream and cow's milk and vegetable vessel, 8<> popular in I-ranee. If boil-
Purees of spinach and other ed the water ®hould be 8aved for S0UP
or sauces.
PET A IN'S PROPHECY
Commandcr-in-Chief When the War Will End

will be over
The Lady Scores.
Her hair was red, uncompromisingly, unmistakably red smart man sat down beside her in the tram, and, seeing her absolute indifference to his presence, edged away, and said quite audibly:
“I'm sure I mustn't get too near yer, miss. I might get burnt!"
Everybody in the car chuckled.
The red-haired damsel was quite equal to the occasion.
“Don't worry yourself!" she said,
Would it be all right to
Soil isn’t
The over-
two free concerts daily, and, in addition, there will be concerts by a score of othe bands day and night.
SCORE OF BANDS AT “EX."
Innés, the Sandman, to Head Unusually Good Musical Programme.
"Innés, the Band Man," who will head the musical programme this year at the Canadian National Exhibition, with his famous band of soloists, is an Englishman, a graduate of the London Conservatory of Music, and the Band of the Life Guards.
Later he went to Paris, where he attracted the attention of the late Pat Gilmour, the greatest of all American leaders. He accompanied Gilmour to America, and has proved a worthy successor to the old master. Innés’ band was acclaimed the finest of the
many fine bands heard at the Panama er in “St. Nicholas" comments Pacific Exposition.	this rate Shakespeare had nearly ten
He it was, also, who planned and seconds less in his twenty-four hours — carried to success the remarkable than has a modern dramatist.
of festivals which made the ! liam the Conqueror was handicapped
EARTH GRADUALLY SLOWING
<
Takes Three Seconds Longer to Revolve Than Century Ago.
KEEP THE POTATOES GROWING
British astronomers declare that the earth is gradually slowing down in the time of its revolution around its That the rate is gradual is
Z
for
Notes on the Cultivation of This Valuable Crop and How to
Protect It From Its Enemies.
axis
shown by their calculation that it now takes exactly three seconds longer for the world to turn on its axis than it took a hundred years ago

Many are growing potatoes in or 3% ounces paste arsenate of lead Canada this year, for the first time o- half that quantity of dry to 3 gal-and, as a result of the greatly increas- Ions of water. An experiment coned number of growers the crop will ducted for six years at the Ontario probably be greatly increased. But Agricultural College, Guelph, showed to insure a good crop there must be an that, on the average, where the tops
abundance of moisture in the soil and were sprayed to kill “bugs", the yield	,	,	.	.	¦	.	,	,	.	.
the tops must be protected from in-; was 186.9 bushels per acre, while mg mixture to the face, being care- when served at a meal there is less sects and disease	wher the tops were not sprayed and ful to keep it away from the eyes: of a desire for excessively sweet des-
PïTi TiVATiON*_Th** «-nil should I allowed to be eaten, the yield was Two ounces of buttermilk or sour milk, sorts. Cabbage, as usually cooked, is
ha keet euMvatedwith the cultivator!0”^ **.2 bushels per acre. It is two drams grated horseradish, six not digested for some five hours, but
¦¦¦¦seiBs
stems, which are quite different from vent this disease from spreading. /Hu.	jJf'A -harper and more graceful your claws
the root system, do not develop well. This is done by keeping the plants U r7)/	• ythan theirs," went on the fox in
Where the soil is a loose, sandy loam, covered with Bordeaux mixture from /	\ A/H/WC ff\\ very pleasant tones
hilling is not necessary and may be about the first week of July, or before / lL/f k/f /C^Cz j ^ The crow answered not a word, but iniurious as the soil dries out more there is any sign of the disease, until	lifted first one claw and then the other
In heavy September. -Sometimes the first ap-	The Vain Crow*	from the limb of the tree and looked
plication of Bordeaux mixture is made One day a fox that was very hungr> eacb with great pride. But when before the potato beetles are all killed was passing through a field. He saw be jifted the claw that did not have when the poison {or them may be mix. a crow on the limb of a tree busily the cheese and tried to cling to the ed with the Bordeaux. While the dis- eating a piece of cheese, and at once hmb with the claw that did have the ease is not very bad every year it is trotted to the tree and sat down be- cheese, he dropped the cheese to the well to be prepared. There was an neath it.	ground. Whereupon the fox laughed
average increase per year of 94 “Mr. Crow,” said the fox in harsh |oudly, seized the cheese and ran away bushels of potatoes from spraying and unfriendly tones, “you must share to the woods, where he ate every mor-
with Bordeaux mixture in three years, your cheese with me.”	eel
The crow looked down at the fox,
A writ-
1
“At
purees
“greens” are particularly good Eva:—L It is said that freckles can Beetroots, carrots and parsnips con-be bleached out by applying the follow- tain a large amount of sugar, and

Wil-

aeries
Alaska Yukon Exposition notable | by a half minute in keeping up with
Julius Caesar was

all other exhibitions for its his descendants
Innés will give a whole minute to the bad.”
aipong musical programmes

Steers which have been kept on a low plane of nutrition (maintenance) for a considerable time make more economical gains when put upon a full-feed ration than steers which have been upon full feed for some time.
Howe er, steers receiving more than a maintenance but less than a full-feed ration make no more economical gains iman ** using when put upon fuU feed than steers cows. If he were compelled to feed which have already been on full feed, calves he could keep fewer cows and Whenever beef advances in price beef would be grown at the cost of a demand goes out for action that a scarcity in milk, will stop the slaughter of young anl- More calves should be grown to mais. Since the reason always given maturity. There is no doubt of that, for high-priced meats is the decreaa- But legislation prohibiting the killing ing number of beef animals, it would of young animals is not the way to seem the wise thing to bring more increase the supply of beef animals, beeves to maturity. And so legisla- During the summer while cows are Lures and congress debate the advis- in pasture or on green crops a bal-ability of prohibiting the killing of anced ration can be maintained by calves under a given age.	combining with the green food the
Would such action bring the desired following concentrated feed mixture results? Would the passing of veal recommended for summer feeding: from our tables make meat any Three hundred pounds wheat bran, two cheaper? Would an order to the hundred pounds gluten feed, one hun-farmer to mature his calves stimu- dred pounds hominy, corn-meal or late him to raise beef or would it re- ground oats. Mixed wheat feqd may suit in him selling off his dairy or be used in place of wheat bran. More feeding fewer animals than ever? gluten might well be added to the comIn all probability the latter is ex- bination when cows are carefully actly what would happen. The milk watched.	.
»


)
than if left on the level soils it is desirable to hill the potatoes as it will loosen the soil and the tubers will be shapelier than when the ground is left level. When there is sufficient rainfall and moisture in the soil hilling is likely to give best results in all kinds of soil as the soil will be looser and the tubers can push
through it readily. As a gfeat de-	H I I
velopment of tuber.Oakes pl.ee dur- The formula for Bordeaux mixture	¦
mg the cooler and usually moister	for potatoes is 6 pounds copper sul-	but answered not a word a, ne took	very angry tones, and flew off to
weather of the latter part of summer,	phate or bluestone, 4 pounds freshly	a peck at the piece of cheese.	find a dinner to replace the one that
it is very important to	keep the plants	slakeJ lime to 40	gallons	of	water.1 "Mr. Crow," said the fox,	in a voice	he had so foolishly lost,
growing	well	until then. In one ex-	While the bluestone	will dissolve more	that was still more harsh	and	un-j	Ths moral is that, if a vain person
périment it was shown that during the	quickly in hot water; if it is not con-	friendly, “if you do not give me part	ig on *uard at one point of attack,
month of Septembe. there was an in-	venient to get this, it may be sus-	of your cheese, I shall climb the tree	there are always other points of at-
( roasc of 119 bushels of potatoes per	pended over night in a cotton bag in a	and take it all away from you.	tack that are not guarded, and a craf-
acre	wooden	or earthen	vessel containing The crow looked down at the fox,	ty flatterer will have little trouble in
PROTECTION OF POTATO TOPS	four or	five or more	gallons of water,	but answered not a word.	He knew	Ending a way to reach them,
by ten feet is large enough for this1 FROM INSECTS:—It is very import-! The lime should be slacked in another very well that the fox could not climb
S5SZS.%.	ÏSW	ett	1	j	-JB "... r- «.....¦
ioted to	each	seven	or	eight	females,	l.rly by	the	Colorado	Potato Beetle,	ed throvgh coarse	sacking	or	a fine	The fox, finding that he	could	no	One of the recognized necessities in
It	is	never	advisable	to	keep	ducks	The old "bugs" do not do much Harm	sieve.	The copper	sulphate solution	get the cheese by threats,	bethought	connection with our increased agricul-
,	.	.	.	,	,nrn	and	chickens in	the same	house	or	run,	to the foliage, as a rule, arc usually	is new	put into a barrel, If it has not	himself of using the craft	for which	wrsl production is better and more
In	August	all	surplus	W"rn	fw	^	rea§on	lhat lhe	duckg	wi„ k	^e plant, are'not sprayed to destroy , already been dissolved in one, and en-	the fox family is famous. He re-	attractive conditions on the farm, and
cockerel,	and	cockerel,	of	other	light	^	drjnking	water	in	soch	. constant these, although the fewer there are to	ough water added to half fill the bar-	membered how a -fox once got a piece	among the many suggestions the
weight bre.de should be marketed a* ^ of fiJth that ^	and |ifg .	# the ,egg difficulty there will re 1; the slaked lime should be diluted of cheese from a crow by telling the j 0f electricity should be considered
fcreilw. They sre of little value as of ^ chickeng are endangered.	be in destroying the young ones, in another barrel with enough water crow what a sweet voice she ha-i and. Electric power is a great convenience
rwUro.	Ducks require a much more These begin to eat rapidly soon after to make half a barrel of the lime mix- then begging her to smg. That crow. in the farm home, and saves much
Green ducks are young du™ ,7°™	, bulky ration than hens. A good	hatching, and close watch should be ture. Now pour the diluted lime	was holding the « heese m her bill, and	time to the farm help The fi r ,r
8 to 12 weeks old. Tl»ey anouia rx*	rfitlfn ^	. Two	knpt „ that the vines may be spray- mixture into the diluted copper sal-	when she opened her bill to sing she	country home situated within the area
bran, one part each of middlings	*d before much harm is done. Paris phate solution and stir thoroughly,	dropped the cheese to the ground,	0f an electric system of transmission
and corn meal, one-half part of beef	green kills more rapidly than arsenate >hen it is ready for use. Hie con-	whereupon the fox seized it aM ?an	0r distribution is fortunate, but the
|	scrap and five parte of green food.	0f lead but does not adhere so well,	centrsted lime mixture should not be	away. Since that time all crows	vast majority mut tg tfc* ynalL
The keeping	of ducks calls	for little	This green food may be most anything	and in rainy weather R is desirable to	mix*! with the concentrated copper	have carried their food in their elaws	isolated plant. This alternative, how-
outlay in the matter of building -chopped turnips, beets, pumpkins, have something that will stay on the sulphate solution, as, if this is done, and not in their bills. Therefore, the ever, is now much more promising houses. Any kind of a house, so it	cut clover, etc. As the breeding sea	leaves so that they will he protected *n inferior mixture will result. If	fox knew well that it would do no	than a few years ago. Many factorisas a good roof, and dry floor, will do.	son approaches it would be ad Usable	until it stops raining and thus prevent the barrels are kept cover d so that	good to beg the r "u tn	How,	**g manufacture this type of equip-
A iin shed with dirt floor, and bar-	to increase the beef scrap to one full	the tope being eaten. At ike Central I there is no evaporation, stock solu-	then, could he get that h* < o He	ment, the operation of the plante has
Ing the south aide entirely open makes	pert. Little whole grein should be	Experimental Farm a mixture of Paris tions of the concentrated materials	thought hard and looked hungrily up	been simplified and coat has been
an excellent duck-house.	fed. If on range during the spring	green and arsenate of lead la used in may be kept in separate barrels	into the tree.	much reduced. These small plants
The floor of	the duck-house	must be	and summer months ducks require lit-	the proportion of S ounces Paris 1 throughout the season. It is import-	Dear Mr. Crow,’ sa i th. fox ft	may be advents.-----J-------------,
kept dry and	should bo well	littered	tie feeding.	green, 1% pounds paste arsenate of	ant to have the quantities of lime and	last, “I was only joking when 1 "poke	domestic purposes in addition to light-
with clean, dry straw. Strange as It Any cf the larger breeds of ducks Lad (or 11 ounces dry arsenate of <*>PP*r sulphate as recommended, hut. before, for I am your best friend. Only such as ironing, washing, toaet-|	, while dufiks will thrive if will yield quite a great deal in the lead) to 40 gallons of water hi order in order to be surd that enough lime yesterday I was telling both the wood- lng, pumping water, etc.; and also for
they have access to a stream of water	way of feathers in a year's time,	to get J-e advantage of both poisons ham been jsc<1 and there is no danger	pecker and The blue jay 1 ow m ich	tb* very important use of charging
they must have dry quarters	Feathers should not be plucked dur-	It may be that It is not convenient to oi burning th. foliage, let a drop of	more beautiful your plum ^ h than	borage batteries
Ducks compelled to spend	ing the cold weather. When ready	get both poisons when either 12 ounces fenwyanide <>f potassium solution	theirs"
Ig'	S pounds paste (whfeb can be obtained from a drug
1% pounds 'ry'firt) into the mixture when ready.
An J the crow cried “Caw! Caw!" in
Market Calendar.
use

boM before they moult
may
or pond, at night their night#
fur picking, the feathers will pull easily, without leavteg blood on the end of the quill. If not picked when kept in | "ripe" the feathers will fall but and be
damp floors or
e. Paris
looked down at his glossy black aides Tw^thirds of the population of with greet pride. Then He held hi* Denmark are engaged K agricultural head a little higher and forgot to take pursuits or in handling agricultural
I products.
t# of oud (
o !
used, or to smaller quantities, nors lime m.xtur nee Paris grew to S gelli si j color takes place
Ducks are
a peck at the piece of
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVIUE :
ailing l>ird> may be immediately isolated. When anything unusual is noted in fowl, it is ad\ixtl-lv t<> place the
affected individual in »e|*arate quarters. Aug. 18.—Mr. Jim Ostrom visited ILeern t0 Avoid Timidity, Shyness er Mike It a Campaign to Last ae Lang It within a short time recovery does not Shaw vide Thursday last.	Stif Conecieuanaaa.	## There'» Work to Do.
take place, it is unwise to destroy the Mrs. Ceo. Stirling has returned home Timidity, abynesa and self conscious. Don't call It a cleanup day or ft fowl without first ascertaining the cause	after visiting friends in Bristol.	ooss belong	to	the same	family.	We	cleanup week when you	start out to
of the disorder. The prevalence of dis-	Mrs. A Stewart is on the sick	list	at	usually And all	where we	find any	one,	^lly do something to make your town |Q Q McDowell,
eases is more often the cause of the present.	and they are all enemies of |>cuee of or community a cleaner, safer, health-	' * “
ixudtry ktvpcrs failure than is the lack	Mrs. Ed. Coughlin has taken up resi- wind, happiness and achievement. No Jer piaco \n which to live, suggest» a
«•f practical knowledge.	The	extreme	deuce	at Dunruven	Corners.	one	has ever done n great thing while	I state board	of health bulletin. Or,	I 1a.	O.	L.	No. 27. meet# 1st Tuesday of each
importance of keeping	the	quarters	Mr.	and Mrs. James Cahill	visited	Ms	wind was centered upon himself.	I rather, don’t	let It be the prevailing	'	month
clean ; isolation of ailing	fowls	and im-	Mr. John McVeigh	of Litchfield	recent-	" e	must lose ourselves More we can	| |joa that ono	jay or one week la auttt-
mediate action in regard	to finding out	ly.	tlud	ourselves. Self analysis Is valu-	fjenj in which to dean up and get rid
cause cannot lh* two strongly impressed Miss Jennie Letts, of 2nd avenue, : *ble only to learn our strength; It Is of a|j nuisances and health dangers. u|K)n the poultry men.	Ottawa, is s; tending her holidays with fktal If It makes us dwell upon our	what Is still more Important,
When trouble occurs, forward to the	parents.	|	weaknesses.	I don't think that when	you have
Biological Laltoratory, Central Kxperi-	Attention ! Boys, why not enlist and	|	Timkl, shy	people arc morbidly	self	| cleaned off a few vacant	lota and al-
mental Farm, Ottawa, ,i live but sick | do yout bit ' or else watch i-i tin- first | conscious. They think too much about
themselves. Their thoughts are turned Inward; they are always analyzing, dissecting themselves, wondering how they appear and what people think of them. If these people could only forget themselves and think of others they would l>e surprised to see what freedom. ease and grace they would gain,
w hat success in life they would achieve, preparing to cut their harvest. Thousands of young people are held .Jr. Allan • with, of (am pH Ils 11% y, i back from undertaking what they long
,, *vn lvv 111 ‘ 'lor,,v ^ Vst Methodist to do and are kept from trying to make f lmivh cNcry two \uvks.	j real their great life dreams because
A large crowd ot U-rry pickers went they are afraid to jostle with the world, blueberry picking a tew days ago and They shrink from exposing their sore ii*jnut having had a good time with lots spots nud sensitive points, w lilcli smart ot l»ernes.	1 from the lightest touch. Their super-
'IHanna 1 ole and Sybil Spu - sensitiveness makes cowards of them, ling visited Miss Larvina Sparling this j g Morden. week.	* "____________________
THE EQUITY.
ENEMIES TO SUCCESS.
KEEP THE TOWN CLEAN.
DUNRAVEN
SHAWVILLE. AUG. 23, 1917.
O
O. Y. II. LODGE. No. 304. meet# 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. ni.
W. K
Heo.-Secy.
Opponents of conscription in Quebec vail Borden all sorts of names and threaten him with death, but there are Id lierais who think l>r. Clarke is too severe in his criticism of Sir Wilfred.
XV. M
Edward Dale W. M.
R RO. HoDtilNH, Secy.
Col. Repington, a prominent officer of the British navy, after a visit to the fleet. expresses the opinion that the war efficiency of the G rami Fleet is 100 ]H*r nt higher than at the time of the declaration of war and r>0 i%er cent, higher than when the Battle of Jutland was ught
ItOYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
II. N. Hodgivs,
W. Comp. In Coin
Rw. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
Ivys, set out a few trees and carted off the trash and papers from a few back yards that you have had a successful cleanup campaign. As a matter of
towl, or in the alienee of such, a dead copy of the magazine to be issued by bird. In the interval, disinfect the |	Uncle Dudley
quarters, runs, drinking fountains and feed dishes to check the spread of any infectious disease.
0.	.	......	.	, Disinfect the poultry houses by siiray-
Sir XX llfrul I «aimer and his following hllg the interior with a limewash solti-
in Parliament opposed Mr. Cochrane's lion (50 lbs. stone lime slaked in a bar-
bill to place the control of government vv^ water pin
railways in the hands of the Hailwav v,"Vmvn'i.,‘l dirinfecUnt.)
‘ and crevices to destroy mites, lice, etc.
If a smaller amount is required it may
from the realm of polities, through I be prepared by adding ^ pounds of
which they were exploited to the limit | lime to a pail of water plus half
cupful of disinfectant.
Keep a crop growing in some part of the yards and alternate non!try and crops. If the runs are small cover with In 1015 and 101B, Manitoba lakes | a coating of air-slaked lime and dig up.
Ii the runs are too large to dig, plough and cultivate Indore sowing
n
Shingles for Sale.
-	...	. ,..	.... , A car-load of New Brunswick
fact, you haven t touched the dirty dirt shingles on hand for sale. Apply to or removed any of the real dangers to	11 T VRQ1TF
Tt'is truo“haMrash and rubblah are I	Hhawville, Que.
unsightly and should be removed, but In comparison to flies and the feeding and breeding places of flies rubbish is not the filthy filth that we think it U.
To some people files may not look ni bad as trash, but It is only to thoso who don't know where they breed, what they cat and the number and kind of disease germs they carry on their feet It Is this kind of filth that a cleanup campaign should go after and lean up.
Mrs. McGregor ol Otter Lake was the I	TLlr llliTCDC. I A cleanup campaign should not etop
guiM of Mrs. Nam	Maxwell Tuesday	, OIL UPON THE WATERS. it a week, at a mouth or a season un-
Mrs, Tims, Sparling, sr., of Rooney, is	------- '« the town or community has In
visiting her son, James, this week	Why It Tam## th# Billows and Calme reality reached the point where It can
The worst storm of many years passed I	the Troubled Sea.	'lean up and keep clean. So spasmodic
over this district	Tuesday night, 14th.	| Waves In midocean are caused on- l,Tort at cleanliness gets results. It
There was no harm	done in this vicinity,	tlrely by the action of the wind. The	Ties not only fail to get a clean and
however.	- adhesion between the rapidly moving attractive town, hut It is worse than
The young folk of this locality spent particle# of air which compose the nothing as a means of safeguarding an enjoyable time at the party Thurs- wind and the surface particles of tho health. The cleanup campaign that Is day night, hence the upset. * It you water causes the water's surface to be worth while Is that which Induces the don't think they did ask Jkremuh. dragged along with the air. Small people to clean up and keep clean all
ripples arc Immediately formed. Those Le year round and which govs after ripples soon overtake others near them, be dangerous film-files, surface clos-They unite, and, due to the friction be-	?ts that admit files and breeding places
tween the water particles, each sue-	fur files. Breeding places for inosqui-
.	.ceeding ripple piles up on the top of | toes might well be added to the list.
Aug. 18.—A severe storm passed over previous ones.
this section on I uesd.iy night, which Just os soon ns oil is spread upon the
drlaxed the hilling I" a certain extent. water, however, the size of the waves
and Mrs. Reid and family |s reduced like magic. The reason for ,	,	.	,	...
in spent Tuesday at the home of Mr. ami this Is Interesting.	Hardly More Than Gardens, and the
many years.	Mrs. J. Ling.	! oil, unlike water, has very little in-	Cultivation I# intensive.
“ The stock of wheat on hand is ]<; Miss Della Nark, Shawville, spent a t0ninl friction lietwecn Its particles. it is incorrect to speak of the Chinese million hudiels above that of last year,	, L*S \,v!v« * ju‘	kr,u*st	her	friend.	The ripples of oil formed by the wind	|	18 farmers	in tin strict sense	of the	M
the Premier told the House. 41 Britain’s	Miss Beatrice Dale.	therefore cannot pile upon each other to	j	*ord, for they are	gardeners	rather | IrlG UlQ nGli3Dl6 rOfltn 111	Nur$0n0S.
food |position is 1 letter than in many Mr. and Mrs. H.	Hamilton and little	any considerable height; hence water	ban farmers. A so called Chinese
years.”	' daughter, ol Fort William, Ont., are at waves cannot grow in an area of oil farm is uo larger than what In Anicri-
Disfussing the military plans of the	uniting Otter Like ami Greer placed about a steamer. They begin a would be called a good sized gar-
year, JJoxd George said said : 41 It had	M-eint Iriciuls.	to fuj| jown instead. By the time	I	h n. and the	methods	of cultivation are
been intvndeil to make one l»ig move	Miss R ie Stevenson,	(ampU-lU	Ray,	these waves reach the boat they will
this	year,	hut the Russian claw of the ^.Tnt 1 " lHlst Wlt‘k the guest	of	the	have lost their formative ripples, and
nipper broke.’’	Mi—e* < Radys and Marie Smith.	the result Is a tPerfectly calm surface	I greater the prosperity of	the agrlcul-
Mr. ami Mrs. Eric Smith, and little j over the portion of the sea through oral family the larger the number of | tit -»n, Arnott, are at present visiting Grier '	which the boat Is making Its w ay.—	•hllUreu; Pense In turn tbe greater the
Mount friends.	Popular Science Monthly.	j umber of months to feed.	In addition
D vr. K. W. Lang is enjoying an ex-I	________________ irwqieioiw conditions always bring
tended leave under the parental rind.	T w	vlth them greater expenses incident to
as-?-r~
Fss iPI--------------------------------------------------
A little girl arrived on Friday, Aug. 1 enee of the wheel wbkh ls ln C0Dtact 17th, to gladden the home of Mr. and Mrs. B. Judd.
Could anybody guess where the chap who drives the black colt could Ik* going
so early Sunday morning ?
Wise Eye*.
?
THORNY

Aiuust ;k The farmers of this dis trivt art
s one gallon of good
Kill cracks
î
FOR SALE
Commission ami thus remove them
30 acres of liny, mostly clover.
R. W. HUDGINS,
Shawville
a tea
when those gentlemen were in a posi t ion to pull the strings.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
produced 48 million pmnds of fish, 7."
per cent of which was exported to the ,	,
v	. sown m the early part of the summer,
bor !) million pounds Lfter the l(IW(,ing V-ason, or early in
wbitensn, tin* tishurmvn rvcvivvd ou Kvptciultcr uiakvs a good crop for this an average f> cents a pound. In some | purpose. Rear all chicks on fresh soil. Canadian cities Manitoba w hi fetish sells
liajH.
- First Tuesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - • First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm • Last Monday
of each month.
United States
Although these these precautions mav
"11 r ¦ : 'T' ? —	^ i zasrsy *££ "tssi
1 ontrol,vr for 1 a"ada 18 arranging to affecting poultry, which, if left to them-vet hive the wide margin between fisher- selves will undoubtedly prove decidedly men and consumers.	| costly in the long run.
The children of Belgium are crying | British Premier on the War Serbia has been over-run by Half of Rumania has liven
for food
Situation
GREERMOUNT
i
t he enemy •occupied.
waste. Ten nations of the world rations. Sixty million men are withdrawn from production for war service. To feed the Allied armies and nations, the men and women of Canada must pledge themselves to maximum production, the elimination of waste, and the largest ixiasible consumption of ; perishable foodstuffs says Hon. XV. J. Hanna, t "anadian Food Controller.
London, Aug. 16.- A iiointed answer
Much of b ranee is laid j to ( ierman liojies of starving out Britain
through the submarine camjmign was given by Premier Lloyd George when he announced that the food situation was now better than it has been
ire on
CHINESE FARMS SMALL
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Rev. t
—FOR —
Shawville and District
TO SELL FOR
—o—o—o—
Splendid list of slock for Fall Riant ing. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1918. including many new varieties which we alone control.
d the most intensive sort.
Generally speaking, it sec ins that the
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free out. Exclusive territory. Liberal con -
The Manitoba Free Press, which is the most influential Opposition newspaper west of Toronto, openly condemns Big Explosion at Rignud Pow-the Winnipeg Convention for calling njion the West to su priori Sir Wilfrid Laurier in his opposition to conscription. The Free Press concludes a scath-1 burning
missions
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
der Works
1
Toronto
Ontario.
Montreal. August 18.—The lowder plant at Rigaud, One., blew up this
It is feared the loss of life will l»e heavy. The plant lielongeti to
.	Curtis and Harvey, Limited.
The Liberal." #>t Western Canada The plant and adjacent grounds covers who have given their blood and treasure five square miles. Reputs received tu this great cause, whose homes are de- here soon after the explosion said that -olate by the sacrifice of the war, are to the plant was nearly all in flames. A do this in order that ambitious gentle- thousand men and women were men in Edmonton and Vancouver may ployed in the factory, recover or set are certain jobs that are The explosion blew up the telepl. no attractive to them. I he Western Lib- and telegraph systems and rendered it • will regard the proposition as an In, m ditlieiilt t*< get in format i<	t of
unspeakable infamy. They will reject | Rigaud it with scorn, with contempt, with blaz ing and wrathful indignation ”

CANADIAN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
ing article with the words
In Manchuria the conditions are «omewhat different, for there are vast itretches of laud open to cultivation on i much larger scale than In China >ro|ier. These tracts are generally forked by hired farmers, who come in mndretls of thousands from the more lensely |copulated sections of China to ipend the short farming season In lortbern portions, returning again I To Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Al-vhen the cold weather makes further Let tu and British Columbia, Mny ahor In the fields impossible.—United | to October, 1017. states Consular Report
with the ground is for an Instant at absolute rest, while the point directly perpendicular to It is flying along at a high rate of speed. The two pointa horizontal with the center of the wheel are traveling pretty fast, but only half as fast as the topmost point, and as thp upgoing horizontal point increases hi speed the downgoing one slows up until it is at rest for a moment when in contact with the ground. Yet the wheel is one solid piece and there are only two i>oints going at the same rate
Homeseekers*
Excursions
i
ihf C. R. R. Ottawa-Montreal line is close to the plant. Traffi was >n-iH-n.l-ed temporarily this morning on tlii> Letter from Former Clarendon
Good going every Tuesday, May 8th to October 80th, 1017. Return limit two calendar months from date of sale.
His Holiness the Rope has addressed st>vtir,n
,,r0{K7ls to a" «h® WHgerent	^ V. Glenn, wl.n went „verm,s
1 • were, which are not likely to meet The first, at 9 o’clock, was heard in with a Western battalion, sent the f„l u	u w	^
with a very enthusiastic reception on Yaudreuil, twenty miles away. It was t"*ing	the Alderson (Sa.sk.) wheel Is taken off the axle and rolled
the part of the Allies, judging from the followed by two others in quick succès- ^t w< uhii h is reproduced by request :	movMat\hs same ride of
“pinions that have already been ex- sl<iL1, .	France, June 22nd, 1917
poses that	factory, occumcd by workmen in the	Alderson News about a month ago, I am
“ there shall be no annexations and	plant, were blown by the force of the	much obliged, and many thanks for
no indemnities except in special explosions.	same. Iam sure the News leaves your
cases such as Belgium and Serbia ;	S" tar as is definitely known only one	office every week, but it very seldom
the return to Germany of her colo-	ll!iin ‘0Ht his life, but many of the eui-	reaches France. I was very sorry to interest It now offers “glaze’’ for
nies in exchange for the occupied Rl« »>'«•< were missing after the fire and hear of Sand ford LeitchV death. 1 was “gleet.” The official description of departments of France ; freedom of their fate was still an uncertainty on over the top Easter Monday, April 9th, gleet Is small globules of rain that the seas ; disarmament, and the Monday morning.	the same day as Sandford fell, and its a freeze before they strike the ground.
formation of a supreme court of ar- . 1 . I ,Ant wa* the largest of its kind day l*.ng to be remembered—a great Wben the rain freezes on trees and	Dickens	*nd	¦	Face	Ache,
bit rat ion for the settlement of fu-	m v anatia, ami	was valued	at	13,000.- ! victory, but a long list of casualties,	buildings the condition Is a "glaze,”	Dickens wauled to be an actor before
lure international disputes.	lMM *	__ j Many a floor boy fell inaction.	and when the glaze is severe and there	He was an author, lie would have been
This plan if accepted would leave the	~	.	_	* _	—	I l»uppise you have heard about Rob	i# a strong wind It Is an “ice storm/*	but fur a face ache. When be was a
-itnition tiricticillv the same it win	Cana<lian Troops Score Another McKinnoni being killed. I was talking	But not even the weather bureau Is	ud and a lawyer's clerk he had attain.
. .	.	.	:	"	, .	Great Success	to him about two minutes lie tore he likely to find a substitute for "slush." d a trial of bis power of reproducing
U tore the war broke out, ami then tore,	fell on the morning of June 3rd. Hob —Youth’s Companion.	character and oddity" before Mathews
Germany would be in a position to pro-	j/', rram .‘ ami	came over to England with the 175th	------------- ,ud Charles Kemble. But a face ache
pare for carrying out her world domin- ‘"7' .,’n ,,rthwe!t of'thc Fr.'m'h | .l,a^tA|îon ?,K,.WAH	tot lie 50th	S#v*n Days King.	^‘I>t him at home, and soon after be
rSEJsSEBEi	«mstVsk
Wsm mmËémmâmFim .-=«=.•=-- -
ly but plainly told that there can be no ma,k "n ,l 4/yard fr«>nt, wbi h had I p, still lie O. K , for I have never missed
¦m a - ....................
wood the new British uoeitions now run going **OVer thv top" is no j„ke. I southeast ami beyond Hill 70 toward** j | wish they would soon end this strug-Uns. The line then bend* southwest f„r % Hm anxious to get back to I and encircles the suburbs of 8t Laurent Sunny Alberta. I expect to see W
_	. ,, v„ .	and St. Emilie.	Biroe and R. Woollven in a few days as
(Experimental farm Notea.)	The number of jtrisonent taken in | heard they were in this brigade.
At least 50 ;er cent of the chickens,	o,cations exceeded 1200.	The weather has been lovely for the
young ducks and turkeys and ten per	London, Aug. 18.—For the third day I past	two	months’ rest very soon,	the
cent of the adult birds die each year	German troops continued throwing I first	rest	we have had since coming t
from diseases, many of which are pre masses of men Against the newly won France ventable. This is an annual national British positions near Lens today.	~
loss of jirobahly millions of dollars that All counter attacks were again com-1 for divisional rest, could be avoided to a large extent. oletely repulsed after sharp fighting.
War conditions make it imperative Field Marshal Haig reported that farmers and poultry men, as far as 44 To the northwest of I^ens, early this I I will clo
posai We, stop this enormous leak ami morning, the enemy again attacker! our expect you will not have room in your in order to assist in this connection Dr.	new positions. Haig’s statement said paper, so just throw in the w. p. b.
Wick ware suggests that every breeder	44 They were completely repulsed after	I remain, vours truly,
My strict attention to the general con J sharp fighting, and a few prisoners	Pte. H. C. Oliwu,
dit inns of his flock in order that any] taken here and northwest of Y pres." |	No. 434945 50th Battali
Boy at the Front
A Turkish Love Story. *
A Turk knocked at bis beloved's door,
of speed at the same time. Yet if tbe | md a voice answered from wttbln.
Who Is there ?”
wa s
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER. Agent Shawville
Then he answered, “It Is I."
Then the voice said, "This house will iot hold thee and me."
And the door was not opened.
Then went tbe lover Into tbe desert
speed.
Sleet snd Slush
In the Interest of accuracy the Inhere there Is nothing but Allah, and weather bureau some time ago urged , sated and prayed In solitude.
the use of the word “tornado” for “cj- And after a year he returned and |SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTH < lone'* when the meaning Is a violent | «nocked again at the door storm of small diameter. In the same
Wist Land Hiculations
And again the voice asked, “Who is here?”
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral counmay homestead a quarter section of [available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in person at Dominion | Land* Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy most be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence uihw and cultivation of land in each of tnree years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 per acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead |*tcnt and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price #3.00 per acre. Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate 60 acre* and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of am payment as farm labourers in « m ada during 1917, as residence deties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are adverted or posted for entry, returned sol ers who have served o been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry st local Agent's office (lie not Sub-Agency). Discharge papers must be presented to Agent.
And he said, “It Is thyself."
And the door was opened to him.
try
"Well, I'll tell you. A patient I be-
July Id He Is tbe hero of two operas,
one by Carsffa, called "Masanlello,” | ran to treat died this morning." and the other by Auber (libretto by Scribe), called "La Muette de PorticL"
"Ah. etieer up. lie might have died ?veu If you hadn't been called."—To led» Blade.
1
been crushed out of Europe
Machinery Mae Limitation».
Tbe Irritable employer turned to hi» typewriter with a sudden snarl.
Poultry Diseases Responsible for Big National Loss
The Problem.
She (delightedly)-Fat her says tf we “Why don't yon write It Just as I say | want to get married he will pay half
the expenses of furnishing a 1 “Because my typewriter hasn't the ue- He (despondently)—But who will catarrh," she quietly responded.—Boe- PV ike other half ?—Chicago Herald, too Transcript	-----------—	-
Itr be demanded
ae for

I hope to go to Paris on ten days leave, when we go out of the Hue
Speaking of "Turn*."
What goes around tbe corner wttb-
Muelca	¦
Mrs. D—I have Just bought ticket» ioot movln*?
and have
Owing to our letters being censored, |
1 “	“jteS "J,' 1U	D.-A mianttm
A curbstone.
What turns without moving? Milk.—Boys' Life.

Musical Criticism.
The Musician—Hang It, BRI, dont
W W CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. — Unauthorised publication o(
this advertisement will not be paid for
1
The Wrong Line.
you realize that one of your shoes
Each hour 1 spend with yog 1»
N. a
Iks a i* tri to
, g**

6
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
t
DIPLOMATIC FORMS.
IMPORTANT TO
FARMERS
Ladies’ Apparel
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot I Interest!.
PiklUked every Thvrede y
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
The "Protocol" Is "the Code of International Politeness."
In these days of official notes and rev’iee the public Is becoming familiar with the language of the diplomatic document, and even those who never heard of the famous protocol, which lies in the archives of the foreign office In Paris, must have noticed the similarity of form which characterises such expressions. The “protocole diplomatique,'" which was probably drawn up In the time of Louis XIV., is a body of ceremonial rules to be observed In all written or personal official Intercourse between the heads of different states or their ministers. It goes into the minutest detail as to the styles and title to be given to states, their heads and their public ministers, and indicates “the forms and courtesies to be observed in all international acts."
So asonrPTioN, $1 aYkar in Advance
tW All arrears must be paid up before suy piper Is discontinued.
Farmers who are
looking forward to purchasing
Summer Wash Skirts

Binders For Next Year’s Harvest
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st insertion and 5 cents per fine or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per lino for first Insertion an ! 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserter! until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub llshedfree of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
are strongly advised to place their orders at
and Accept Delivery This Year
in order to take advantage of current prices. It they wait for delivery next year, their Binders will
cost from forty to fifty dollars more than 1917 prices.
Summer Wash Skirts in good weight of white repp. This season's styles with large pockets.
$1,25, to clear at $1.00
once
Middies
1
The protocol is, In fact, what M.
Pradler-Fodere, a well known authority
on the subject, has described It, “the and thus he in a )>osition to make a very substantial saving in the
code of international politeness," for, [ cost 0f ft yew J)inder. as time went on, all nations gradually began to adopt the same forms, until today the code may be said to be practically universal In Its application. It devotes special attention to such matters as the ending of a letter. Thus, is a recent writer has pointed out, when the British foreign minister concludes a letter to the British ambassador at Washington with the words, ‘T un, with great truth and respect, sir, your excellency’s most obedient, humble servant," he Is governed by prcce-lent even In such a detail ns giving ’sir" a line to Itself.—Christian Science Monitor.
It is very important that intending purchasers should know this,
Girl’s and Misses' Middies in plain white, or with wide pink or blue stripes from 10 years up to size 38.
?	To clear at 20 p. c. discount.
1
Hut tlivre is no time for delay, at once to be on the safe side. I may add that all companies will be affected the same, with regard to the advance in next year’s
You must act
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and •cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
prices.
R. J. HAMILTON
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Batiste Muslin
5
MASSEY HARRIS AGENT.
Professional Cards.
Three pieces of Batiste Muslin, white background with pink and gold flowers, or pink flowers with small black stripe. Keg. 15c. per yd. to clear at 11c.
DR. A. H. BEERS
CANADIAN PACIFIC
RAILWAY
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbki.ls Bay - • Qvk.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
FIGHTS TO THE LAST GASP.
Children’s Sox
FARM LABORERS
The Peccary It a Vicious Pig. and It Without Ftar or Mercy.
An old “Arknnsaw razorback" is con.
| ddered by native hunters as no less langvrous than a bear and as fur more ikely to attack a human being with->ut provocation; the wild boar of Eng-and and the continent was renowned u sport because it would tight and Igbt bard; the African wart bog. which weighs 3<X> pounds and has tusks eight nches long, shows little fear of any an-:agonist meaner than a lion, but of all ;he bog tribe the most vicious, "stick At nothing" daredevil is the javelina. Not only does it tight to Its last breath with a berserker rage, but Is a disciplined warrior that never was known .o ignore the "battle cry" of its clan.
In the southwest a hunter before Iriug into a drove of javellnas careful-y inspects the trees for one that he >an easily climb. However skillful be was with a rifle, he could hardly ex->ect to stop the charge of a dozen or more Javelinas, and If they reached jim he would have no chance. Once he peccaries got him down they would lever cease their shrill, fighting squeals in til they had tore him to shreds; ience the mle In the Javelina country To throw the discarded flag Into the I ü to climb your tree first and shoot waste might be considered a desecra- pour pig afterward -shoot it so dead
Sizes 4 to 5.J, Per Pair 25c.
In colors of pink, tan, sky,
TO
S. A. MACKAY
WINNIPEG
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
SCHOOL BOOKS
Plus |c. per mile beyond
Excursions August 16 and 28, 1917
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
All ready for School Opening, with Scribblers, Pens, Pencils, Ink, Erasers, Rubbers.
From nil Stations in the Piovlnre of Quebec ; also Stations in the Province of Ontario—Brock ville, Smiths Falls, North tiny and East.
£c. per mile to Winnipeg plus $18 to
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Wifi be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
FARE RETURNING
starting point.
No change of cars between East and West
on the C. P. R.
For information apply to nearest Can. Pac. Agent or to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
G. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.

D. R. BARRY, K. G
i
, ADVOCATE, AO
I
r
i
a
r
oy nre. xo bury tne ong uas oeen suggested, but it is stated, on the other hand, that remains may be brought to light, and the method is not considered good practice.
THE PEOPLE TRIUMPHANT.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
fg* Visit» Shawville every Saturday.

i
They Always Conquer When They Are Resolved to Be Free.
In the efforts of the people, of the people struggling for their rights, mov-• Ing not in organized, disciplined masses,
TAILORING
1
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C
Ve I mu m urgtmzvu. uisupimvu masses, j tIou or at least an unpatriotic disregard ±at it cannot emit a single squeal; but in their spontaneous action, man j of its sacreduess. Fire appears the only	otherwise you must be prepared to
for man and heart forheart, there Is jUre waj of satisfactory destruction. j •cost in the tree for half a day or so.— 1 something glorious. They can then Tü ap|>iy the flag to any further pur. fouth's Companion.
A > V3CATE, Barrister,
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
196 Main St. - Hull.
move forward without orders, act together without combination and brave the flaming lines of battle without in-trenchmenta to cover or walls to shield
pose after its usefulness as a flag bus	----------------- 1 vy T>T TTT7I
ended would be considered desecration.	They Simply Won't Be Married.	LX-tCA. i , -D-Ll U Hi
even if not punishable by law as a pub-	Several young men were recently
but in the spirit and the strength of stroy theln by flrc
the cause alone they act, contend and ln tbe tiavy alH, the coast guard reg-
Business in the | b,^d- In this they conquer!	ulations require that useless flags be
The people always conquer! They destroyed by fire. This regulation is
always must conquer: Armies may be strictly enforced.—Washington Star.	.	, »
defeated, kings may be overthrown ,	_________________ Pineapple Juice.
and new dynasties be Imposed by for-	As an aid to digestion, a really ma-
elgn arms on an Ignorant and slavish	Lubrication Saves.	«rial aid, the pineapple stands alone
race that care not in what language *ou mav ask w '*v 11 ls *r 1 Je 11 imong the fruit Its vegetable pepsin the covenant of their subjugation runs ?allj ** supposed to prevent < ontact the neutralizes or perhaps rather digests
nor In whose the deed of their barter sur[a<,cs 8tjo“^ VVvr Wvar 01,t- lf niIJ Albuminous substances in the stomach.
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of and sale Is made out.	without a lubricant your motor would gYcsh pineapple or, better still, the
Lots, Drawing, Copying, aini Reducincr of	gut	the i*eople never invade and	ruined hi	five mmutes. If properly	fresh Juice of one placed in direct con-
n.a,,	Liao, Boundaries, Ac.	wheu	they rl*e eg.lust tbe Invader .re	i lubric*,ed “	ruu °Te ^ , “	act with egg. or gelatin or milk will
Executed carefully to the satKfao- neveP subdued If they are driven uo	m:iMvr hvi amo mlxed Ulî !i jrove this fact conclusively by pro-
tlon or partie».	from	the plains th#»y fly to the moun-	,hc oil if r	reasonably Ik* expected	jucjng a bitter tasting dish. In cases
HULL,	tains.	Steep rocks and everlasting hills	10 wore	than twice as long Tbe	^	ailments of the throat
are their castles, the tangled, pathless lubricating system should therefore ^ jn na downward connection, the
continuously replace the film of oil on . aimentary canal or tract pineapple every bearing or sliding surface as fast aimot be overestimated, and it acts as It is worn out—Professor Richard A. Leavill in American Fanning.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B

e them.
ADVOCATE
Rain Coats,
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed mesday and Shawville every Saturday,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Devlin St. Marie & Dims
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
:ain things before marrying. Still an->tber refused to be sentenced to hard abor for life, and one complained that be local girls were "a bit narrow/*
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
191 MAIN 8T.y
Will attend Courts and
District of Pontiac.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL UNO SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments over placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers* interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
___ thicket their palisade, and nature, God,
I» their ally. Now be overwhelms the hosts of their enemies beneath his drifting mountains of sand; now he buries them under a falling atmosphere of polar snows. He lets loose his tempests on their fleets. He puts a folly
Into their counsels, a madness into the 8*c-	* might almost say that music
hearts of their leaders, and he never ** b itself a marvel Its position is gave and never will give a final tri- somewhere between the region of
Pirnnal UtenUon.Ooenallhours.	‘J
related	and yet differ-
ing from either, spiritual and yet requiring rhythm, material and yet Independent of space.—Heinrich Heine.
GEORGE HYNES
vith equal force In malarial a flections. —New York World.
v
There is something marvelous In mu-
Soap Making.
Soap making was known to the enflent Romans, and there is a theory hat they obtained their knowledge of be art from some Germanic tribes who lad learned it from some of the tribes •urther to tbe west and north. Pliny nentloned that the Germans used both sard and soft soap, and be indicates hat It was a discovery which had been nade by tbe Gaula.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
•tt
When you require Printing
call at
UNDERTAKING
W0RN0UT FLAGS.
2 Naval Rules Require That They Be Deft reyed by Fire.
What should be done with an American flag, old, worn out, soiled or bit tered, that Is no longer the national emblem? Should It be destroyed? How should It be destroyed without desecration?
There appears to be no law to point
»«d EMBALMING
I
paste and then forcing In a mold previously oiled. After drying tbe articles
W. J. HAYES
Papier
THE EQUITY OFFICE
8HAWVILLI
AIM STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw *
i
i
iceable as
*bO0t?"
"There was no argument." replied Smith. "Brown walked up to me and old me be would punch me In tbe eye. ind be did/*—Cincinnati Enquirer.
All calls will receive prompt per
aonal attention
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
ms de with this compound are soaked
i

with linseed oil and then dried at a
DA*
lean:
the best practice
to point but
Treeing a Bright Baying.
"Pa who started tbe saying that a nan's wife le his better half?”
one way. Bure tbe unserviceable flag.
L
J
Mm. Oeirf« rfi -Her mother slaved
he a rite and ceremony of

Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
all her life In order to give her an edu-
thts destruction hy fire.
In si
Tom s A D VISER, which will be
MARION & MARION. W University #t* Montrésl.
tries Aek fur our INVTCN-
tbe
»trsy Stories.
t free.
re, end that Is to be
Mr end quickly only
###PAGE###6###
i
board to tho woiran this cad betrayed and robbed. 1 told her then It was only part payment—"
A Knock at the door interrupted Pat's remark. Kelly hastily stowed the pearls away in his pocket and Pat shoved tho money into her bodice. It was Kelly's assistant who had come to the door.
"Three men, who claim they are detectives, sent by some woman, are downstairs," said Kelly's man.
"I'll run down and give them a little A conversation/” said the Sphinx, addressing himself to Pat Noticing signs of consternation in the girl's
On his way downstairs, Kelly trans-!*eir functions is to lubricate the intes- age, condition and feeding of the cows ferred the string of pearls to his as- tinal tract.	f	from which the milk is obtained,
sistant, hurriedly instructing him to Because they produce twice as much When new milk is allowed to stand for take thorn to the hotel and there await energy as carbohydrates, the inhabit- » time, fat gfohulc, arise to the top
P : Sf a.	r t c %
said Kelly when Phillips informed the told the woman to leave the house, come oils.	then to collect into a so i	•
detective. “You may be sure she has with her baby, by a side entrance, as- There are two classes of fats viz. Animal Fats. When heated to e the pearls, although for the life of me suring her that her troubles over fixed an<i voi t:j 0na Kixod oils is foiling point, animal fats burn 01 I can't seu how she got them ashore. | funds were at an end. Pat gave the f	¦	,	. .	.. carbonize, showing numerous blacld
When Phillips told his wife # woman some of the money she had re-	T rl,	, u particles in the fat ¦
scoffed at the idea of a woman hav- cejVed and told her when to return for f *1 ,a 1 lf	urc ta,lu' use as a cooking agent for food. Beef
ing turned such a clever trick. “\ou the balance.	|	, becau«e httie or no evapora- l ”.e ah a	flh fat as tn,_
can't make me believe that any girl j Then Pat made r. hurried transfer- tion takes place when they are heated.,.	. f . V. r... from roast-
on that ship was smart enough to nation. She had been underdressed Volatile oils are so called because they ° *	...	/	, r,.llpd di in-
steal my pearls. And the one you say ^ her Apache costume, and the work are changed into vapor or gas when ,n* or )01 ir K 4 it was certainly did not impress me as f Upping off her outer clothing was heated to boil ip* joint. Oil of cloves, P1"*8 . . . v , T.	•«. ,lh
..... Sfe-aues*
be that she was smart enough to out-, fireplace.	I F«ts are composed of carbon united ig the moat palatable of all oils and
with the officials, and 1 believe she has She put ber foot upon one of the with oxygen and hydrogen, and are the easiest to digest. Nothing can
mMmmm
when I finish with her."	from the room. Then the fireplace	Kinds of Fats.	frying and shortening it is much sup-
‘‘Do as you like," her husband re- and mantiv moved back to its original	Milk	Fats.—Minute globules of fat	erior to the various kinds of animal
85U 32S SjSeeS- tasu   ,b,.	-p,n,‘*d - -* — * -	'*'¦	_
tseiMUSu tttatjMrsufs it:	~	st
B'EEF" s—
into cold water to loosen the skins. minC(,d fine one onion, one-half tea-
Remove the skins and core the toma- 3poonfu] of paprjka> onc.haif tea.
-	,	...	, s.w.^ «...« w. ..vf, and hurried to the	. vlosvly as possi e in o	spoonfuj Qf mustard, one teaspoonful	The gravity of the situation in re-!
80 pkh"m'«hreJÎZdnfs though from a ' drawing room to inform Pat of the sterilized jars, pressing the tomatoes	of ^ one teaspoonful of sugar, two gard to the	harvesting	of Ontario’s!
¦siseBH
juice in place of water.	bone, leg of lamb bone or other bone,. '	|he farmers along
---	Cover the pods and bones with plenty itg‘lineg thig year. Since then repre- _
— T?	r,ndI
Fill a baking dish with prepared salt and pepper to taste.	Take l	,	di g railways, have conferred	9
spinach, leaving a hollow in the cen- t.blespoonful of flour and	2 table- ;	Winnipeg	and	announced	that	8
„ k ¦ ¦	i- JErStf	MAt;
“I'll give you a check for the in,Ut,lv the atomm-h with drug* and Nourishing, delicious and inexpensive, this and then put it in the broth with	,	. thig ar	L
mmWM wmÈmÊÊËmm1
a-Æ'kàt' fi n,°.q	j	Hr. aX» z
%Bnp;’ w;th Pats demand	i the food contents bland and sweet by finely chopped parsley, two teaspoon-, half a glass of water; add potatoes
“Will you take her the money. Mr. %%%/	fui» of »»k>n* Powder Add suffi-: and onions cut into halves or quarters.
Kelly?” said Phillips. “Pm too *0iutely pure untl-acid which can he cient flour to mix to a dough that will, according to their size; bunch of pars-ashamed of myeelf to face her again.”, readily »*>«?,lI\V* h,',ïïIm"L^rsct’^ny drop from the spoon, usually about ley. garlic, bay leaf; suit, pepper to And the Sphinx speedily agreed	to go tasteleea ond u teaepoonful taken	In a	one and one-qnarter cupfuls. Fry taste.
with the cash and place it	in	i at s uttie warm	nr cold	water at t^r nivale.	jn a depp fat or bake on a griddle, most cover vegetables and	simmer
"’phmipe .un h.d... o,d..i rSæôSSwssacS
ing his wife, and was worried about of the food fermenting	',n Piace 01 iresn cvrn' m — e
what he should say.
For some time Phillips walked the	.
streets, trying to conjure a way to sat- MOTOR BOATS IN FISH TRADE. CASUALTIES OF OTHER WARS, the American Civil War on both
the missing pearls. The very thing tj,ere are 9.302 motor boats employed Before the conflagration of the present strife, excluding the Napole Phillips dreaded had happened.	ln the ( a,iadian fltihln* Industry, be twentieth century all other wars ap- 0nic wars. All told they exacted a
Hurrying to the telephone, he called g|deg a number of motor vessels of P»»r in pigmy proportions.	I toll of 4,019,510 lives—nearly 1,000,-
Pat’s number and got the girl on	, typ(. Thig lg an increase of Taking a grand total of the living oqo less than the losses in three years
ar:.d Ji.*r.b.dï5£5l-.™. «»•„ ~	"«	- zc	"""""
PU-You may^Vure 1 will keep still The boats are employed almost en- have taken up arms since the war be-	Cull Apple. For Hogs.
about your despicable actions—but Urely ln the Maritime Provinces and g*n-	A British Columbia farmer says
not for your sake, believe me. 1 think on Pacific coast, where the greater One man out of every nine who too t^at hag for years been using cull more of the poor woman you have number Is engaged ln the halibut fish- up arms ha % laid down his l“e ,n appiee for fi0g feed. The apples are wronged than to let her story *e ^ the vessels employed ranging turn. One out of every eleven has,	by	the use of a gasoline en-
known through any hasty ac ion )f	gmal,	motor boats, carrying four	been permanently injured and one out	and a ration is	made up in	the
h"nninp.Jh*erRtr mZph afforded her. to ten men, to large auxiliary schoon-	of every eleven has been taken pris- proportion of 36 pounds of apples	to
""wTufin* a few moments sfter Phil- er, and steamers.	: oner.	| 6 pound, of shorts. Apple-fed pork
II bftd telephone. Kelly arrived with! The Introduction of the motor boat Take the population of the world at has » neeuliarly nice flavor all its own. the money and was ushered into the has revolutionized the fishing industry approximately 1,760,000,000. One man drawing room where Pat awaited him. and largely Increased the production, has died for every 360 inhabitants of “You win again, Miss Pat," was hag	the fishermen time and the earth.
Kelly’s introductory remark.	rendered him independent of the wind.	Russia and Turkey fought back in
you keep this up in America, my re- ^ ^ glg0 make jonger journeys off	1828 at a cost of 120,000 lives. The
pu tat ion »« h d* tective no. re #hore to the fishing grounds, thereby two Napoleonic wars, one in the be-
^erh^oVvo Î1 will have a case In Increasing his sphere of operations, pinning of the nineteenth century and which I am not concerned," said the One of the most important points Is thefther toward the latter end of the ri with smiling assurance.	the increase in the catch, owing to the game period, nearest approximate the
WÎQ
damm
\
i
r
I
W i

mm
(i#

U •
le
\
i
i
i
MASK
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
Lesson VIL Tats and Oils.
m
Qp Graœ (xuvtxrd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
IF THE TONGUES OF YOURSHOES COULD SPEAK, THEY WOULD SAY
USE
#
s
u
¦
EIGHTH EPISODE —(ContM.)
Shoe Polish
This is unfit to
It gives the same nourishment to the leather that the skin gets when on the animal's back.
Black, Tan, Toney Red and Dark Brown. 10c. per tin.
“TAKE CARE OF YOUR 8HOE8."
of slipping off her outer clothing was heated to boil accomplished in a jiffy
“Well,	«.v...,	Y—	, *¦ ' «ci /xpavne vwp, ivvneu me uiawei in
‘•your opinions l.ave little \ eight in fier dressing table where she had kept the present matter—the facts seem to pearls, and then stepped to the be that she was smart enough to out- fireplace.
PRISONERS OF WAR
WESTERN FARMERS CALL FOR LABOR
The Number* Indicated in the Latest Reports From the Belligerents.
Late reports show that about 2 000,01)0 prisoners, mostly Russians, now held by the Germans. In the first two years of the war more than
29.000	prisoners died in Germany from wounds and disease.
Russia has approximately a million prisoners, of whom more than 40,000 captured by General BrusilofT's army early in 1916. The remainder of the Allied nations have between them another million, of whom more than
600.000	were taken last year. The French captured 78,500 Germans and the British 40,800 on the western front®
ians and Turks were bagged an 1 the Italians raked in more than 62,000 Austrians.
While the majority of war prisoners are put to work, think of the problem of feeding them?
GRAIN RIPENING RAPIDLY BUT MEN ARE SCARCE.
are
drawing room.
“Before we '	M
the pearls, Mr. Phillips,” said Pat........... __ ..........B.......	....
want you to know why they a re i n ^ermined to search the house. They
• ïh_T it i. began with the upper floors, where
stitunoii «•>	a .arasa ,r;K
' drawing room
Cutting Will Commence About August 20—Patriotism Demands Conservation of Crop.
were
One green pepper
my possession mere money
In the Balkans 11,000 Bulgur*
any tricks— :
bitterly regret it.	.	.
Pat arose from the chair in which
she had been seated and led Phillips to a door which she partly opened. Phillips looked into an adjoining room and saw the woman he had betrayed and robbed. Before he could move or say a word Pat shut the door and stood with her back against it.
Phillips was now ready to listen to

STOMACH MEDICINES ARE DANGEROUS
T
B6E”
1
tre


\

«
mm
- JSk
* u
Are you really
** saving money by neglecting to re-shingle that bam roof) You know that each addit local patch leaaeni the value of your building. You know each
widening kmk means rotting, leceeaiee ebinglee and early
*
CHEVRONS OF HONOR.
How France Rewards Her Soldiers For Deeds of Daring.
Pour sufficient water to al-
The French are quick to bestow until done, adding some more water if aymbols of honor on soldiers who per-
sliced tomato may be /orm deeds of self-sacrifice or daring.
More than any other of the Allies, ¦ perhaps, they recognize the value of emblems of service.
Among the many neat little marks upon the French uniforms that indicate the rank and the department of the wearer, says Sir A. Conan Doyle in A Visit to Three Fronts, there was one that puzzled me. It was to he found on the left sleeve of merf of all ranks, from generals to privates, and it consisted of small gold chevrons,
No rule seemed
necessary added if desired
ijr. tom k*»ow u.e« omy Pedlanxin* y<*U root cen
iz, HuTM. tostr.
by
4. Dip tomatoes in boil.ng, then in

roof. A Podlenr**! root
about that
jot*
lor
tine yo« at all times
xv w	ews

w .. telling V elunglee and
_______	_ how to lay
them, ie free. Wriu to-day.
THE PEDLAI PEOPLE Limited
one, two, or more to regulate them, for the general might have none, and I have heard of a private who wore ten.
Suddenly I solved the mystery. The marks are the record of wounds re-
By that admirable little

two years.
The boats are employed almost en despicable actions—but tirely ln the Maritime Provinces and g»n
I think on (he Pacific coast, where the greater
OflHAWA. ONT.
i
h This
aeafaVl Toronto
a »1 vi.
received
device the French allay the smart of a wound and make it bring lasting honor to the mfih among his fellows.



z
ve
girl with smiling assurance
“The business in hand is the ( fact that the fishermen can get to the
pearls,” Kelly finally managed to say. ^shlog grounds quicker, remain there “Here is the money-ten thousand a ^ger time, carry a greater load.
' and get back to port In less time than
present man losses. About 6,000,000 men were lost in those wars.
The loss of men in the Franco-Prus-sian War of 1870 was something like 290,000 men—considered then a bloody but comparing feebly with the
change. When she had counted it she the vessel to be manoeuvred In nar separated a few of the bills and e% row channels, and brings her Into the
market quicker, with the fish fresher There Is legs risk for the dory fisher men in equally
, < they can be picked up quicker
war,
present titanic struggle bet French and Germane.
The Boer War took a total of 3,700
dead.
In the Balkan War of 1912-18 the losses in men were 228,000; in the second Balkan war 120,000 men, 70,000 of them Serbians.
D
A
ll A.
plained:
“This money 1 advanced on ship-
was a favorite name among the long-forgotten food products of half a century ago, just as it U among the live ones of today. Only exceptional quality can explain such permanent popularity.
"Lmt Redpath Sw—Hn it "
Made in one grade only—the highest 1
ther cm the Banks.

WE PAY CASH FOR
Old False Teeth
No better place la available than the farm for raising young chicks, but too often they are placed on the ground year after year. The e ggggfield make fine run# for chicks 110 sheltered at ni^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊKÊ^KKÊ
lost 886,000 men and Japan 167,-
bined losses In man
mer
- —
The
2
41X1
1
iled toC
C*, Imperial Bank Bldg.,
per cent of it
Appr ximstely
10,80,50
died In
T
###PAGE###7###
In These Waur Times
you want real food that contains the greatest
amount of body - building
material at lowest cost. The
whole wheat grain is all food.
WAR SUPPLIES.
LEGACIES
1
yeSst
A Few Figure» Regarding the Pre-¦ent World-wide Conflict.
Since August, 1914, British destroyers and airplanes have convoyed across the English Channel 8,000,000 ,,	_	---- men, 10,000,000 tons of explosives and
ohredded Wheal Biscuit war munitions, 1,250,000 sick and is the whole wheat in a wounded men, 1,000,000 horses and
digestible form. Two or muIe8 and 60,000,000 gallon8 of ga80'
three of these little loaves of In munitions alone the Allies have baked whole wheat with milk U8ed 200,000 tons of ammunition in
loinug, Strengthening meal. rate of 0,000 tons a day, 260 tons
every hour, forty tons a minute, 1,600 pounds every second. ~
The British War Office tells how the Allies at first used 60,000 pairs of horse-shoes a month. This supply wus inadequate—they are now using 1,600,000 every month.
In filling one order from the front the London office had to provide 25,000,000 gas helmets, 250,000,000 sand bags, 106,000,000 yards of khaki and 116,000,000 yards of flannel.
The khaki and flannel together measured 110,000 miles, or enough to ____________fco four and a half times round the
A STRANGE PICTURE OP WAR,	pl.„d
the United States asked for 6,000,000 blankets, 2,000,000 cots, 46,600,000 yards of cotton cloth, 21,300,000 yards On a perfect night, brilliantly clear ' °* unbleached drilling, 0,000,000 pairs
•nd absolutely «till, what Stevenson »f shoes and 11,191.000 pairs of light	HARVESTERS WANTED ! the Siinitarv ntDartmpn. th(1
would call a wonderful clear night of	»<**».	H	--- ! Canadian armv U*P8rtment °f “*
stars, Dr. William Boyd, author of kSuch a drain on the world’s econo- A smart blouse and skirt, which Canadian Northern Ry. Runs Excur- home that h»	n.SluhtüT
With a Field Ambulance at Ypree, de- mic resources makes for a tremendous would be welcome in any woman’s	sion Trains To The	; veiretnhl»» »», ,un th > ft1. .• g
termined to climb, with some of his readjustment all along the line. Not wardrobe, are shown in the accom-	West.	and that the rahha»,. hLt! linn'.'
and we were continually falling over men are in industries covered by the crocheted lace. The skirt i develop-	m	t. flret F .
tree trunks, tumbling into shell sick and death benefit societies. In *d in green wool jersey and is made T • t th w f , fhj "V ,.ti, n
leap up'VromThTdoome^town^bJ? are on ,he	‘° “ ««nerat break-	^cavy and the wages high, no matter Q	Granulated Eyelitfs,
mil pm W
was l>eing enacted.	*hile your blood is deficient either In	dufjTÎTîpn	*>c>r laborers required at various SalveinTuhes25c.ForDeokelihcE>ef recast
Here and there mlonr the line _ quantity or quality. And remember	L fflflYlKTti. ,¦	points, together with all other parti- Druggists or Nurlac Eye Remedy Co., Chicago
ISSsf 15EBHsssè	yfl _________________________HULL________________________________
crackle of rifles near at hand Hut as P,,"B1,or f’a,e PeoPfe It Is the actual	# ,	Fair Above the Ordinary.	1 Sir Douglas, coming forth one morn-
nightingale singing in the wood be- na,ura, Ured feeling that oppresses so a v 'T.mnoH .**	°l eff°rt has been sPared
PEH SHS -dHS K,1'- “¦
ixssxsz r.z.%, E	s" 5*
Praclical Designs
Unto my friends I give my thoughts, Unto my God my soul—
Unto my foe I leave my lov These are of life the whole
Vulcmnlamc Quick lit Without Meat
_ Repair your Tire#
Hot Water Bottles.
tins
. Punctures.
ready know It Postage 'paM ' alV" ,\Vr
Canada. Order a 10-CSnt tin to-day Guaranteed to satisfy, Refuse all nub
Hchoflefd, 43 Victoria fit,
MAKES PERFECT BREAD
Nay, there is something—a trifle—left.
Who shall receive this (lower ?
See, Earth Mother, a handful of dust, Turn it into a flower.
• tltutee, Toronto

.Serves Him Right.
"Your brother has the earache.” "It serves him right,” answered the
“Teacher has told
TO MOTHER
line
Ethelwyn Wetherald
Dear mother mine, why should you
j
small boy’s sister him time and again he ought not to play the piano by ear.”
SUMMER COMPLAINTS
KILL LITTLE ONES
weep
That I, your son, should pay the price
Of one who would his conscience keep,
Though keeping it means sacrifice?
You needs should weep if I heard not At the first sign of Illness during the The soul’s reveille clear and strong, hot weather give the little ones Baby's Above my fears; if 1 forgot	Uwn Tablets, or in a few hours he may
A folded hand is weaponed wrong; beyond Mire*. These Tablet will Helps wrong prevail, since for	the	Present summer complaints if given In	’	1 ,e	Danube	river	was
right	occasionally to the well child and will	U ozen	to	trie bottom,	..no	remained	so
It does not work; no friend is he	Promptly cure these troubles If they	for *	,on*
Of liberty who sees sheer might	come on suddenly. Baby’s Own Tab-
Thrust out, and sits in apathy.	*eta *hould always be kept In *-wry
He is her friend who, when she cries,	*here 'here are young children. |	* new vacuum cleaner is specially
Finds all his fires of spirit spring 1 rhfr*; ,H no other medicine as good designed to remove dust from books on Towards God’s canopy of skies— 8,1,1 rh#* m,,ther has the guarant He rides upon Nemesis’wing	,a government analyst that they are
Through battle’s fury, and the strife; absolutely safe. The Tablets are sold
by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.

MONEY ORDERS
Buy your out-of-town supplies with Dominion Express Money Orders. Five dollars costs three cents.


K-'*!
Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Garret In Cows
library shelves
Made in Canada,
MIICELLAITEOUS
His is the faith expressed in act; He to his life is true, and Life Will say he has kept the pact.
—A. H. Taylor,
On active service in the field
M ACHINKH It KP A IR KD,
s
KWI
' ii n« pi oik Springs nwli I • > i-y Carriage rind Lawn Mower Part* Jackson Co., l.«»mlen
Solemn and Awe-inspiring Was the Sight of Y pres in Flames.
?
/cancer, tumors, lumps etc.
X, Internal and external, cured wlth-.	_	out pain hv - ir horn* treatment. Write
A Canadian sold connected with us before toe late Dr Bellman Medical
Cn Limited. Cnlltnewond Ont.
(D M< < ii.u
Carden at the Front
in France, writes
The floul of a Piano h the Action. Insist on the
"OTTO HIGELÏ’ PIANO ACTION
Ml&ard'a Liniment Curve Colde. Etc.
Where Bill Wax
WOMEN! \
/OTHERS!)
f DAUGHTER
You who tire easily; ire pale. hag.
and
worn; nervous irritable, who are subject to fita of melancholy or the •blues.*' get your blood examined for Iron deficiency.
It
“Bill inside.”

(

F. King, M.D.
khree times a wy after
a will Increase your string ^^ance 100 per cent In twcjj many cnsaa.—Ferdln^#
ISON r«
th MMl	be otUned fr m
on en	of ^
JIUldeA	tiaellf preer^B
ku le	three umr^Tr
<
II
x _ | _ m
53
Ing*
•boo# M
-
When Scot Meets Scot
y mener m flvo-srein lee
•her weal».
The British commander, Sir Douglas j Haig, is a Scot, and his staff is composed for the most part of young Scotsmen
*
f
1 M< Cali
EXHIBITION COSTS $350.000

Even the sentries before
Head and Face Covered. Came Off In Scales. Would Cry Most All Night. Cuticura Healed.
Fine, gent rail An’ hoo's yerseV?” the flattered sentry answered with hearty politeness.
No
low
We sat on, and on, and on. The whole town was glowing like the mouth of hell. Now and again a roof -fell in, and the great hungry tongues of fire’licked the sky; but at our distance no sound broke the awesome IHillness—only the song of the nightingale and the booming of guns.
"When my baby was two weeks old be: head and face became covered
* ith little water pimples. I .ter broke and and came off in

ev
Mlnard's Uniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen—I have tued MINARD’8 LINIMENT on my vepnel^and in my family for years, and for the every day ills and accidents of life I consider It has no equal. I would not start on a voyage without It, if it coat a dollar a bottle.
They
scales. They itched and burned terribly and she could not sleep but would cry most all night. She was so cross and fretful I could not leave her to
There

one
i
Ont
One of the outstanding features will be the Al Golem Troupe, court artists to the Shah of Persia, who present the most picturesque and sensational acrobatic novelty now before the public
gramme will be in keeping with this wonderful a
TRIPPING INTO TOWN.
Really there is nothing to canning fruit and vegetables except care, cleanliness, fresh products, jars and heat.
do my work "Then I
WITH THE FINGERS!
A little lass with golden hair,
A little lass with brown,
A little lass with raven locks,
Went tripping into town.
I like the golden hair the best/'
“And I prefer the brown!”
“And I the black,” three sparrows said—
Three sparrows of the town.
CAPT. F R DESJARDIN, Schr. Storke, St. Andre, Kamouraska
got Concurs Soap and Oint-liree weeks there was not a
was
ment. In t
trace of the trouble left. She healed.” (Signed) Mrs. Alex. Foster, R R. 2, Proton Sta., Ont., June 9, 1916.
Prevent further trouble by using Cu-ticura Soap for the toilet.
For Free Sample Each hj Mall address post-card: "Cutirura, Dept. A. Boston, U. S. A." Sold everywhere.
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
WITHOUT ANY PAIN
The remainder of the pro-
Establish a home canning firm, “Father, Mother & Co.” Don't forget the little "co.'s.”
traction
Disastrous Lambing Season.
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Distemper
The lambing season in Great Britain has been one of the most disas-
the severe
Sore corng, hard corns, soft corns or ! any kind of a corn can shortly be lift-	j Cold Storage Architecture
ed right out with the fingers If you	To meet an ever-increasing demand	trous in living memory,
will apply on the corn a few drops of	for information respecting the	con-	weflther in	early spring causing	heavy
, freexone, says a Cincinnati authority,	struction of ice-houses and small	cold	"iortality.	On on® sheep	farm	in
At little cost one can get a small storage systems for farmers, country Cumberland 83 lambs were buried in i . . _	, ,	.	bottle of freezone at any drug store, storekeepers, milk producers, hotel- onc ffrave, the total loss in lambs be-
Tu-wit! Tu-wit. so fast, so fast	which will	positively	rid one's feet of	keepers, owners of country homes and	,ng	over ewes	succumb-.
The sands of life run down.	every corn	or callus	without pain or	others, the Dominion Department of	**	as
And soon, so soon, three white-haired soreness or the danger of infection.	Agriculture has issued Bulletin No.
dames	This new drug Is an ether com 49, of the Dairy and Cold Storage
Will totter through the town;	pound, and	dries the	moment It Is ap	Branch, entitled “Small Cold Stor-
Gone then for aye the raven locks,	piled and doe# not Inflame or even ir«	ages and Dairy Building*,M the
The golden hair, the brown,	rltate the surrounding tissue
And she will fairest be whose	face	think! You	can lift off your corns and	Ruddick, Dair> and Cold Storage
Has never worn a frown!”	calluses now without a bit of pain or	Commissioner, and Mr. Joseph Bur-1 J#
, r .	soreness.	If your druggist hasn't	gess, Cold Storage Inspector. 1
¦¦	ElepBsm» various Teeth.	freezone he	can easily get a small hot-	bulletin is a complete handbook
instead of tea gHESia ~~ ~	~—SSSHSS'rSr-ise
and coffee isssrarisnse
On tliP fa mi IV two below on each aide, huge yellow the honey-flow gather the crop, while pared by the Architects Branch of % m°”t f”m,pe?ple- Why not try V' 1	*¦	1	1 e,e^	molars as wide a# a man's hand. Over	the>rood build up the colony for next	the Department of Public Work» is them this Winter_
A^L|a m a LAe	| these hay and fodder are shifted by	year, unless there is to be another im-	presented, of which blue prints on a I
IQ Oil#	; the queerest, ugliest tongue In the porUnt honey flow. This brood is scale of one Inch to two fee t can be1
—	.	- -	| whole animal kingdom—a tongue that | very valuable for forming nuclei, be- had free on application to the Dairy
hOTTOr lia literally hung at both end», having cause these, started early with a lay- and Cold Storage Commissioner, while I Wl	UW Is	¦	| no power of movement except in the ing queen, or ripe queen-cell, will the bulletin itself can be had, ala*,
^	____J | middle, where it shifts back and forth build up into strong colonies before free, by writing to the Publications
nPalTli	Aria	from the sids, arching up against the	winter. Increasing in this way with	Branch, Department of Agriculture,1
" "^* ** " *" "	w	roof of the big mouth like a wrinkled	brood from strong colonies daring the	Ottawa. If the information herein I
ay%#* 1*0 /sAmJ/lpl pink serpent. Elephant*, like human honey-flow is the basic principle upon contained were extensively made use IHUie UUiniUl l, being., have two seta of teeth The *hlch an apiary can be quickly built 0f, net only would much waste be
milk teeth, which are smaller than the up. while at the same time an almost ¦w j.	a Lea permanent molars, fall out when the full honey crop ie secured.
Ml rlrriPU Qy I animals are about fourteen years old.
Thousands
"There's a Reason*
An Australian claims to have discovered a new rapid tanning process with which sole leather can be tanned “Tu-witJ Tu-wit!” an old owl cried in seven days, calfskin in six hours From the belfry of the town; and other skina proportionately quick- “Glad-hearted lassies need not mind
If locks be gold, black, brown!
SICK WOMAN HAD CRYING SPELLS
iy
Minard’s Liniment Cures Diphtheria
A Wierd Flower.
. There is an orchid in Java, the grammato-phylium, all the flowers of which open at once as if by the stroke a fairy's wand, and they also all wither together.
Restored to Health by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
imme-
Just diate sponsors for which are Mr. J. A.
The
Enhaut, Pa. — “I was all run down and weak inwardly. I had female troubles
nervous feelings and my head bothered me. I would often have crying spells and feel as if
on
I was not safe. If
I heard anyone coming I would run and lock the door so they would not see me. I tried several doctors and they did not help me so I said to mother T guess no heir for
<xx\
VM

\
r DODDS 7
ÿKIDNEY^
.
I will have to die as the me. ’ She got me one of your fitt!o books and my husband said f should try one bottle. 1 stooped medicine and took Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. It soon made a change in me and now I am strong and do all my work.”— Mrs. An.i >- a Baughman, Bos 86, Enhaut, Pa.
Why will women contins# to suffer day in and day out and drag out a sickly, half-hearted existence, mining Uitee-fourthe of the joy of living, when th»y can And health in Lydia E Pinkham’s Vegetable ( Vim pound f , If you would Mke free confidential ad
is
the doctor'»
$
t
•voided and financial profit accrued, but considerable benefit would be derived in health end the enjoyment of life enhanced. Five different plane
in the bulletin with complete

’d*
TIRES REMADE
tr-
; theless, enormou
Scrap Ur*#
ed tread double service tires.
f. blew-owl proof, will outwear any reaulta will a*tonl»h you; circular; we pay 6 coat* a old tires; we buy. sell end os
king St. Hamilton, and loi Yoage Street. Toronto.
occasionally
•ru f
lfVat
puncture
I picked up by circus
the

fodder end preserved as curiosities.
now tku
j
stored.
moist below, dry and light on the ear
Vice-Admiral Stme Ie • Canadian
ISSUE **-17. Cei. Lyna,
f
###PAGE###8###
Shawville Academy
Announcement.
Shawville Academy will re-open Tuesday,
September 4th, 1917.
Fees for the current year 1917-18 :
EVEWY^CANAPtAN^SHOULI^SEE^THE^CTUW^RV^S^CAFITAL
The Sbmille Boot ami Shoe Store
_ CENTRAL CANADA ^T
Exhibition
OTTAWA SEPT. 8 to 17
A New ©ne
'
t
By
NoivHvsidents
$3.00 per month
‘J.00 “
1.00 "
00 "
1917
Grades 0, 10, 11, or Academy Grades
7, 8, or Model
au-»
1\\q Hartt Shoe for Men
44
I 4
O
44
ENTRIES CLOSE AUG. 31et
((

Wmi
4
41
t>t
44
3,
1. 2
Payable in advance
1st term school opening to Xmas
‘2nd term Xmas, to Easter 3rd term Easter to school closing.
H. DANA HUNTING, B. A„
Principal.
44
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
HOUSE OF COMMONS. BURNED FEB. 3RD. 191B NOW BEING REBUILT TO FORMER BEAUTY
Great Industrial Exhibit
It is Canada’s best production. Try a pair next time and enjoy the comforts of a perfectly fitting shoe.
IN PRIZES FOR LIVE STOCK
$25.000
El
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon & Evening
GOV'T. EXHIBIT.
E. T. HODGINS,
Secretary.
DOG SHOW
PURE FOOD SHOW.
MTOHT Magnificent Spectacle and Fireworks—British
advance on Mesopotamia— Destruction of the SHOW Forts at Kut-El-Amara.	_________
COUFEDEffillilNSURANCE
Children’s School Boots
Boost the Exhibition
Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair this Year
J. K. Paisley, Mqt. & See*y
Encourage Production of every Kind
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN
AND BEST
“ Money Saved
Is Money Made
THE OLDEST
Stewart McClenaghan, Prttidenl
We have a very good range at popular prices.
COMPAN IBS.
CONFEDERATION LIFE No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for RftUl S®d Particulars.
Get rates from
Est. 1871.
Low Prices . . .
E. PARIS. INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
“ Maximum Insurance
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
BRECKENR1DOE
at Minimum Cost.”
Are the ruling features of our store, wljile the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring* Trade.
FOR SALE.
Oui Special Military
YOUNG MEN
Policy is not to be equalled on the market
Registered Ayrshire* and Oxfords
YüU,,K !’tKLVVINAnMSn<0ANP(?!ï '°
Green Lake Stock Farm
today
Consult our Agent today
A fanner living near Cobden lot a barn containing 100 tons of hay.
! At Chapeau the R. C. Church
Come to Dover's and get a tiy swatter and priest's residence were damaged by lightning.
Local and District.
Bull for Sale.
Notice to Trespassers
Registered Durham Bull for sale. Four
ye^ol.1; color roHn.cA^EtO Y
t f n	R. It. No. 1. Shawville.
I hereby give notice that trespassing
hat soever is forbidden
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
ÏKFK
G. W. DALE
m anv manner " on Lot Id. Range ». Clarendon. Ain one found disobeying this notice leave them
selves liable to prosecution.
(i. A* HU AilUe
You can buy the from any city dealer daks l supplies. Amateur finishing a ex-M. 1 ¦¦¦H, Imisos. Photo Artist
The Eovity had a call on Tuesday last from Ur. T. I Gabonr\\ j. A. for Poll thus who now resides in Montreal, and has been tilling an office under the IVo-Some field crop* were damaged vincial Government for some years by a hail storm on Friday. One past. The Ur. who looks the pic-field of oats was practically de- ture of health, has been visiting etroyed.	his son Ernest at Campbell a Bay
and other old Pontiac friends, and Wednesday, Sent. 12. will be aiM) been looking after certain civic holiday in Shawville to en- mining claims near tjnyoïi, in able citizens to attend Ottawa which Jbe ha* succeeded In interest ing sonic American capitalists,
.	. n ...	, who are going to start a diamond
An order m-Councd has betn (lriU at work on the proiartv, passed at the instanceot rood l on- ^	^ contiguous to the Woods
troller Hanna prohibiting the ex port of Hour to the United States during the period that the ship ment of wheat is prohibited.
a me from us f Fast man’s K
THE MARKETS
Shawville, July :Ui. 1017
specialty
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Trespass Notice,
SHAWVIILE
Any person or persons fourni trespassing in any manner whatsoever on Lot \V. \ of 12 on the 7th Range of Clarendon, after this notice will he prosecuted as the
,aW <lireCtSMRS. R. B. ARMSTRONG
Flour per barrel $13.00 Wheat, pei bushel, $2.(0 to 2 23 Oats, per bushel, 70c.
Beans per bushel, $0.00.
Butter tubs, print sa nd rolls 30c Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Eggs per dozen 35c.
Wool, washed, 75c.; unwashed. 55c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 0.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 00c
July Oth. 1017
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Fail
FARM FOR SALE.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Good dairy farm, part of Lots 4 and 5, first Concession of Bristol, containing
in,, valuable bosh. For particulars apply to owner,
1). J. CRAIG, Raymond, Alta., or to G. T. DRUMMOND, Bristol, Que.
mine

300 acres
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group is the most appropriate.
Macdonald College School of Household Science o|>ens on Tuesday, Sept. 11th. Those wishing to enter should apply without delay, to the Registrar, Macdonald College, tyiç,
Custom Sawing.
11. ImIson, Photo Arti
Thef jllowingare lastSaturclays quot
allons :
Butter, in prints 40c to42c Butter in pails33 to 40c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 10 to 45c Potatoes per hag. #1 30 Pork per 100 lbs $20.00 to 24.00 Beef, per ICO lbs, $10 to $14 Oats per bushel 73c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.00
TO LET
Best Farmers’ Hotel
the russell house Saturday, Aug. 25th
Is Boys’ Day at Dover’s
MOTHERS, here is a chance for you to get your Boy or Boys a good School Suit at a reduced price.
Our range of Boys’ Suits was never better than at present and at reduced prices ; they are mighty good values.
Here are a few of the many values we are offering for Saturday, August 25th ;
On in g to continued ill health The Clarendon School Fair— Hon. Andrew Broder, who for so under the direction of the Mac- nlHny years has so faithfully and ilonaid College Extension Branch ably represented Diinuas both in Shawville—will be held this Ontario Legislature and House <>t year at Shawville on Thursday, Commons, has announced Ins 111-Sept. 0th.	tcptiou of retiring from public
at
Dining Room and 22 Bed Rooms furnished Yard, Sheds and Stables
Apply at once
life
Large
Mv Hans Shade!, our local jeweller, was striken with appendicitis on Sunday night, and was taken to the General Hospital, Ottawa, on Monday evening in W. J. Dagg'fl car, the case being thought too serious to risk further delay. Dr. Bowles accompanied Mr. Shadel, who was operated on at once, by Dr. Brown on reaching
the hospital.
Mr. David Gillies, of Carle ton Place, has just received two more weapons to add to his already large and unique collection. ( hie large signal pistol about the size of the large, old-fashioned Owing to some horse pistol, and the othei is a fine	to money
automatic revolver. Both were neighborhood for *l0îTitftl cot, we wish picked upon Viiny Ridge and were t0 llUbli»h the amounts again : forwarded by his son, Lapt. Aih- Collected by Mrs. A. Pirie and
tin Gillies.	Mrs. M. McGuire............
I Collected by Mrs. W. and Mrs.
C. Cameron . •	• •	• • • \
Officials of the Mur
Important rolls H. M. Club desire to make the
following explanation ;
(J. W. DALE,
XV. A. 110DGIN9
is a
misunderstanding m collected in Murrells
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
#25.76
10.00
XX* found after collecting that sufficient cots had been provided, so the New York, Aug. 10.-“Until the I money was used to buy soldiers sup-United States has placed 5,000,MWU plies, much as socks, slippers, towels, men in the fighting line we will soa.s slings, pyjama suits, etc. have no right to consider ourselves a-standing level with Cana-.	—.	*
da in tins fight for democracy, | Caretakers Wanted
Root, special commissioner to caretakmg ot the Schools of the Kinship of Clarendon for the coming school Duties—sweeping and dusting
Not Poisonkd—The statement last week's issue that Mr. Buy Wilson had lost eight head ot cattle through the eating of poisonous weeds, was not correct, according to Doc. O Bara, who with the inspector, examined the animals. Both agreed that death was caused by a distinct disease called intestinal hemorrhage, which may have been the result of the animals drinking stagnant
water.
For sale a property situated on the noith side of hang St., being lot No.
A good dwelling house, stable, kitchen and well. \>rv centrally located, tor
particularsa^fy .o^ M(CUA,0
Shawville, Que.

Roosevelt Wants U. S. to Send Five Million Men
in
4 4
sure
DANGEROUS EYE STRAIN.
It Has Many Symptôme and May Affect the Whole System.
Chief among the symptoms of eye strain are watering of the eye, a gluing together of the eyelids on awakening In the morning, headache, the position and character of which vary with each Individual It may be neuralgic or It may be deeply seated.
Tbe headache la often replaced by Inflammation of the eyelids, especially In young and healthy iiersons, who also have a Utile conjunctivitis, with a feeling of tension or fullness in the eyes which may become real pain of a dull aching character, the eyeballs being very tender on pressure.
Sometimes there are vertigo and sickness, with dyspepsia, palpitation and
even difficulty In breathing. Sleepless- |30yg’ extra Bloomer Pants, 8IZ6S
^	'LT~iZ $1.H0 per pair including Blue Serges.
.%>'£ "" Boys’Shirts, Caps, Hosiery, Braces, Sweaters, etc
rc	P.ic=«.
XHÏÏM*;Bring in your Boy Saturday and fit him out for
school at
Not Qvitk Correct.—Mr. I red Richardson culled at Thk Kqtitv Wednesday to request a revision of the statement made with reference to himself in the
account of the accident which befell Hugh Brownlee on the Lnd instant. In the item bred is reported to have “lost the reins and they fell to the ground.” He says he did not have hold of the reins at all, as they were fastened to the standard in front of the waggon, and somehow loosened off and dropped down. Fred ventures the opinion that the runaway may have been caused by the horses disturbing a wasps’ nest.	v •
Russia, yesterday afternoon.	I , g
“Let tie pull up abreast of our year. L~~	J ^ t
valiant cousins of the 1 lotuinion ,|aj)y ; scrubbing at least four tunvH and by placing American soldiers in firjng M |ong as necessary.
inAuet on t In- front where they]	XI. A McKiNLEY,
are most needed
on
to clear at $4.35
1 Lot Boys’ Suits, sizes 25 to 33,
Boys’ Suits reg
»,<:	....-Volouel Rtxise-
velt continued, “and let there be no slackening of our effoits until the cause for which our allie* have been fighting for three £ etuis won beyond j>erad venture.
Mr. Root said : “The provisional Government in Russia has gain-	Province of QueLf,
ed confidence under Kercn*ky. School Municij^lity of Clarendon.
‘that man of conviction, and of j^hlic notice im hereby given to all personality: devoted to the can*e Ht_rieton of real estate and resident
mmm
been given in Hnwia in the hint lice, during which time any ratepayer three month.."	| interred may. in writing, complain of
iSlfeHÏ i ! 5% sSSSi
one o clock, p. m.
Given at Shawville, this 15th day
Asst. Sec.-Trea*., School Mn. Clarendon
$tl.50 reduced to $5.15
an
5.35
on
IS
Shawville, July 17, 1917
7.00
SI
41
0.15
IS
8.00
ss
SI
PUBLIC NOTICE
7.15
ss
9.00
il
7.45
SS
9.50
SS
Boys' Suit* reg. 10.00, 10.50, 11.00 up to if 50 nil Item 20 p. c.
27 to 35, from 75c. to
Report, of the destruction wrought by the terrific thunder storm of last Tuesday night are coming in from all quarters, showing that it swept over a much wider area than is u-nally the case with thunder storms. In l P1*r Litchfield, at the farm of Mr. Frank Lawn, it is said a number of «heep were killed ; Mr. David Walsh, of Clarendon Front also suffered the loss of ten sheep. An imauthentivated report from Bristol. says five cows were killed on the farm of a widow woman whose name The Eqt’iTY did not learn.
all at
•I
ARCHIE DOVER
Mr. and Mrs., the Rev. F. Tripp with !.. express through Tnr. Eyvmr their appreciation of the sympathy and help received from their many friend*, in the unexpected and wd here*veinent in the death of Mr. Tripp's mother
of their time In the open air or who follow occupations which do not need

1917
Xu
a prolonged use of lb* eyes for clow
M. A. McKiNLEY, Asat. 8ec. Tr
