###PAGE###1###

i.s
s
O
$1.00 A YEA 11 IK ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, CjUE., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1917
No. 18, 36th Year.
*
THE
Tl)e Merchants Ban^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
BANK
Established 1884
$4,000,000
4,750,000
Capital Paid up -Rest *
OF
OFFICERS 2
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir H. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K, W. Black wbll MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkbden GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. Macakow
OTTAWA
National Carbon Co.
05 Branche# In Canada,
»
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
: $7,ooo,ooo
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,084
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Madmen,
M. J. O'Brien,
Bon. Sir Genfge II Perley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager : H, V. Cana.
Chief Inapte tor.
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sii George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon. George Gordon.
General Manager :
D. M Finale.
W. Du this -
Best in the World.
Total Assets Nov. 30, 16,
108,956,996
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada. How can You Help Win the War ?
BY NOT WASTING
Any portion of your earnings deposited with ua I? a start in the right direction.
Sending money to the Boy on leave or convalescing in England. We forward money by cable or draft.	»
All material and workmanship of the highest standard.
Built for permanent satisfaction, not for mere selling.
BY SAVING
BY PRODUCING
Interest added half-yearly to Savings balances.
Prudent people gradually build up savings funds, and are thus prepared for the opportunities or necessities of the
future. _
;
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
The annual Thanksgiving services at St. Paul’s Church will be held on Sunday next—28th.
Milk patrons are kindly requested to return bottles at once when emptied and oblige Sam
Hodgins.
The regular quarterly meeting of the Shawville Methodist church, will be held on Sunday morning next—28th.
You can buy the same from us as from any city dealer, of Eastman's Ko-<laks,and supplies. Amateur finishing a specially. H. Imison, Photo Artist.
The Thursday evening work night meeting of Shawville H M. club will he held at the home of Mrs. A. C. Hudgins this week.
Mr. XVm. E. Shaw, who was united in marriage at the Church of the Ascension in Montreal on October 10th by Archdeacon Robinson to Miss Gertrude M Booth, arrived home with his bride on Friday evening last, after enjoying a wedding tour which included a visit to New York and other points of interest across the line. The young couple were accorded a hearty reception at the residence of the groom’s parents in town, in which a number of their many friends participated. Mr. and Mrs. Shaw will reside at the homestead south of the village, where the best wishes of nil accompany them as they start out upon the most important stage in Life's journey.
J. J. Turner will hold an auction sale of stock and other effects at Richard Langford's, Lot 3, range 2, Clarendon, known as the Cowley farm, on Wednesday afternoon, Nov. 7th.
W. F. DRUM
Columbia Ignitor No. 6 40c
Fresh Stock just received.
“Canada’s Best”
OCOVVLINC
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
SCHOOL Ottawa, Ont.
Btrtne
J. H. SHAW.
At Shawville, on October 4th, to Mr. and Mrs. Gerald C. Hudgins, a daughter.
On Oct. 18, 1917—At Dr. Powles' hospital, Shawville, to Mr. and Mrs. Norman Dods, of Maryland, a daughter.
At Shawville, October 22nd, to Mr. and Mrs. W.F. Drum, a daughter.
At Maryland, Que., October 19th, to Mr. and Mrs. John B. Duff a daughter.

m
OTTAWA, ONT
Our iiiHt.’uclion l« individual, and the school I* tpen duilng the entire year; you may therefore ttarl at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
Penmanship. Spell-
lias proved itself to be Canada's Rest Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examln* allons of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ings Advocate.
W. A. HODGINS
haul. Typewriting lrig. English. Correspondence Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
etc
SHAWVILLE
W. E Gowlino, H. G. W. Braithwait President.
PERSONAL MENTION
Principal
Mias M. Carey, formerly of the Academy staff, was among the week end visitors to Shawville
Read Dovers Ad. on back page.
For Sale—About 3ft cords of mixed wood, dry, at George Stanley’s (Jones') Charted».
Wanted — Young Girl as Mother's assistant. Good home—174 Second Avenue, Ottawa.
EXPERIENCE
Mr. George Smith, of Kin burn, visited his nephew, Mr. B. G. Anderson this week.
Dr. Dan McCtiaig, of Me Ad am Junction, N. B , and Mrs. McCtiaig were visiting Bristol friends during past week.
Mr. Arthur Phillips, who has joined the Aviation Corps, has been spending a few days with his relatives at the rectory.
Messrs. T. A., and Joseph Wain-man, also Miss Edna, daughter vof the last named, have been visiting in town this week.
Miss M. K. Thomson, who has been spending the summer at her home in Portage du Fort, returned to town last week.
vs
EXPERIMENT.
BOOTS
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession
Machinists are trained by practical machiniste, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac-couutant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 43%. This year to date Is even better. Still Employers' Demands Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group is the most
We are fortunate in having a good stock of Boots
Men’s and Women’s
Boys’ and Girls’.
These Goods were bought several months ago and easily represent a saving of
$1.00 a pair on IV|en s and 50c. on other Boots.
nate.
. Imihon, Photo Artist
appro pr
DON T MISS THE POINT !
Deaths
Morehead neighborhood lost an old resident on Wednesday Inst, when Mr. Sam Young, passed nway after a long |>eriod of ill health from an internal malady, which triumphed over nil that medical skill could devise for his relief. The deceased was the sou of the late William Young, who was one of the pioneer settlers of that section. Besides his wife and he is survived by 3 sisters—Mrs McArthur, and [_
Lachute, and Mrs. J. Hendry, of Renfrew. The funeral took place Friday to Norman Methodist
There is a man in this ;*rt of the world who represents, to our way of thinking, a pretty good average of human nature. Whenever the preacher in his church delivers a very against some special kind
gets enthusiastic and goes around to the vestry to tell the preacher what a fine sermon it was. Then he goes home and repeats it to his brother, and they talk over the points and the people the sermon hit the hardest. But this |*ar-tiuular man never sees when the sermon hits him.
Early next month the biggest public campaign ever put on in Canada will be opened to get subscriptions for the fourth Canadian war loan, the Victory Loan. The thing people in this district must bear in mind is ; that the appals
one of
and women who are being asked to invest. It is everybody. The little sermons which will be “preached in the advertising should not be taken as hints to the well-to-do jieople only, man and woman should watch f advertisements and start now to ga up the necessary money to buy eithc fifty or a hundred or a five hundred or a thousand dollar bond. In the 1 nited States there were about 4 subscribers to the first American loan out of every 100 persons. They only received 3|%. In Canada for the last war loan there were only about 41,000 subscribers or may 4 in every 600. Yet in Canada the interest was much higher—on the \ ictory Bonds that will probably be issued to
yield about	.
The first thing anyone should do, in
our opinion, is to get rid of the idea there is any_sacrifice involved in this loan. It is true Xhal
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont.
130) Sparks Street, entrance between Ketchum'e & Sims.
A position for every Willis Graduate.
Willis College
hot sermon of sin, this
Mr. J. J. Caldwell, who has been engaged for some time past erecting a sleep house at the Squaw Lake mining camp, was home for a day or two this week. He reports that about 30 men are at present employed at the mine, and operations are going on .smoothly.
Miss F. H. Martin, a recent graduate of the Royal Alexandra Hospital, Edmonton, and a postgraduate of the Rotunda Hospital, Dublin, Ireland, en route to Kan-gra, Punjab, India, sailing from Vancouver on Oct. 29th, paid a flying visit to Mrs. 8. B. Towel I, of N. Clarendon before leaving.
The Equity was favored with a friendly call last Wednesday from the Rev. John Hurst, and a friend Mr. Beach, of Beach burg ; also from the Rev. Mr. McNeill, of Cob-den, who is again enjoying good health, after his indisposition of a few months ago. The gentlemen mentioned were here attending the W. M. S. Convention.
III.Ill
Brown Optical
fa in il
l
Mrs. Deacon of
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
on
church
At Portage du Fort on Thursday last, a respected resident entend into rest in the i>erson of Mary Hcdgins, relict of the late John Dagg, Esq.,-ripe for the transition to the life beyond in the fullness of her 88 years ot existence. The deceased was an elder sister of Mrs. James Hod gins of this village, and Mr. Geo. Hodgins of the 4th range, by whom she is survived, together with a family of three sons and three daughters, namely George, of Portage du Fort; William, of Renfrew, and Alfred, of Hydeville, Ver. V. 8.; Mrs. A. A Smart and Mrs. W. H. Cotie, of Starks Corners and Mrs. Jno. Blackwell of Renfrew. She is also survived by 38 grandc hildren and 28 great-grandchildren. Her death took place after a protracted illness at the home ot her son George at Portage dn Fort, at the cemetery in which place also her remains were interred on Saturday afternoon. The l'mieial, which was largely attended, was conducted by tiie Rev. Mr, ball "I Portage du Port.
James Fraser, of Manic Ridge section, passed away at his home on Friday last, following a lingering illness from aenemia. Although latterly much emaciated and weakened by the malady from which he suffered he persevered in going about till shortly before the end. He was one of the visitors at the Fair here last month ami it was remarked by many who saw him and noted bis serious condu lion, that be was on the verge of col la pee.
The funeral took day afternoon.
Norway Bay oemetciy
directed to each and every them. It is not merely the well
are
552 St. Catherine West

Near Stanley St.
UPTOWN «982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Every or these thi-r
You undoubtedly have a few new pictures you would like framed. Call and see samples. Picture framing a specialty. H. Imison.
Our Men’s Heavy Oil Grain Work Boot at
$4.50
or a
is a bargain.
cm
FOR SALE - A quantity of good on ions —Apply to Wm. A. Hougins, Shaw ville.
Many of our citizens turned out on Wednesday afternoon last to pay their last tribute of respect to the remains of the late Mrs. Hobbs, whose death was recorded in our last i sue. ¦¦¦ early life was a resident of Shawville. and in by gone years was as Mx iated with the most of its social happenings as she was also active in the church work of those days. In the latter connection she officiated as organist at St. Paul's church for some time. The service in St. Paul's church was conducted by the Rev. H. A. Navlor, of St Lambert, (eldest son of Yen. Archdeacon Naylor) assisted by the rector. Rev. A. T. Phillips. A
wealth of floial tributes bedecked the casket, which was borne to its last resting place by the follow* Ing ;_J. G. Elliott, R J Wilson, W. A. Hod gins, W. Howes, J. H. and Jas. L. Shaw.
$2.50
$3.00
Woman’s Kip Fall Boots at
FOR Sa LE—A Leicester Ram. purebred. 1) yearn old. Apply to Norman Brownlke. 7th It. Clareuaon, R. R. No. 1. Shawville
%
Woman’s Calf Boots at
The deceased from
183
are real snaps.
FOR SALE —A pen of thoroughbred Rhode Island Red Poultry. Including some prize bird* and moine dandy voung rooster* at a reasonable figure. Write or phone Willie Rim, Charter!#, Que
$2.50
Boys Regular Boots at are nearly a dollar under prsent market price.
that
the patriotic epirit i§ appealed to and it la equally true that a great and generous rv*)H>n*e is‘expected on that ground. But the new war loan is straightaway

FOR SALE—A number of purebred Barred Plymouth Rock cockerel» (Guelph Strain) at $1.50 each. Apply to
L. A. Smart, R R, No. S, Shawville.
Mr
business proposition and convenient. Every man and every woman with as much as fifty dollars to snare should own one of these nvv* bonds, and not only that, but should help to show others the worth of these 0 by recommending them everywhere. The readers of this paper are among the most thrifty, prosperous and public spirited in the Dominion. When the subscriptions to the Victory Loan are added up from the various districts and sub-districts we expect them to •bow that this part of the great Dominion has been true to its traditio and just to it* opportunities.
Oil Tan Moccasins,
Light and Heavy Rubbers, etc.
FOR SALE—A few used Fords In guar anteed shape cheap. Reasonable terms Shawville Motors.
Ik.rid-
FOR SALE—1.2* hp Gasoline Engine new : also 1 If h p Engine in good shape
Shawville Mo toe*

W. A. HODGINS
Accompanying the remains from Ottawa, were deceased s aged father, Mr. Wm. Shaw : the bereft husband and son David, alao daughter. Mrs. J. Foreman, and Mr. Foreman ; sister, Mrs. Walter ns Blyth and Mr. Blyth; daughter-law, Mis. Kdgar Hobbs.
—very cheap.
pONCRBTECUL VERTS. PIPES AND
L' curbing» for well» mold at Works CoatracU made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes Is their own localities. H.T McDowell* Son.Shawville Quo.
place on Sun Interment
at


###PAGE###2###
f
' WAR BRINGS
Eating for Health and
i Strength calls for intelli-
NEW STAMPS ; jg
vigor of mind and body at
UNUSUAL POSTMARKS H AVE A low cost if you know Shred-
72, of Canada's young men	NEW IMPORTANCE.	M Whcu8 Biscuit. It ÎS
of each circle of light should be about	- I have.entered, and are now entering,	- 100 per Cent, whole wheat—
v.ghtccn inciM-s from the ground.^^ A Water-Bottle Narrate. Shme Dra-13'"thousands" oMatheri are bidding War Stamp Collectors Can Read a nothing Wasted,
sisiiBSliSSs*
wmm mmm pphs bsesb
g###!###-mmm mMm r- -
easily be remedied by placing thv cat due t1 um o <	socket at the Eighteen months ago my soldier nothing. And therefore now,	before- |g the postmark that gives value to
about fifty feet from the side of a a poor conneejon m	light brought me out here, and I have, hand, I say farewell.	the stamp for the collector’s purposes.
building and adjusting the headlights, back vf the hem I gnt	othvr	therefore, experienced two winter, *There is no need of marly words. Canadian postmarks at present ap- Methods of Obtaining I ire Are ( om-
until the bright spot from each bulb burns morei bng -	.3 used a campaigns. Now, 1 can’t nbear cold But j want first to thank you as your , to the Tmlriutic citizens of the mon Amon* Various Races
the same drop of water, and never, thank you for the gift of a clean and . ^mccs in the United States	» Î	fur ‘he purpose two
once will my owner put me tolvs lips, strong and vigorous healthy	body, damped letters in a similar way dur- .\	cf	bamboo	One ia a hollowed
diers of the Guard left their trenches Vou may not believe this, but it » straight limbs and thews that	could , ,hr fir8t Liberty Loan campaign. p	;	i.id	flat side down: the
...m
6 m/tÊÊÈtÈSB
he told of a recent encounter with the *.But the information he had given % have a reputation to maintain I m service, honor, and honora >le work, retum tQ the throne of Emperor Wjth a little good tinder ready, only
Germans.	me enabled me to learn that a mitrail- a water-bottle. Sometimes I think *n j	^	Hsuan Tung it is said that the stamps lwo or three minutes are required to
“We stood in the trenches in Para- ,euge squad was pouring lead with A.S.C. driver will be collaring me, in and in the end peace and contentment ^ ^ rppubU(, wpre overprinted with accomplish ignition.
dise wood on the Chemin-des-Dames, deadly destruction into the Boche, and ,he belief that Im a tin of petrol. and quiet rest h our son a ^ol. e^ ^ imperial emblem or inscription. As The bow drill is in common use by opposite Courtecon, still in the hands that two companies had counter-at- i was a water-bottle, I should have of England, salutes you. Farewell. ^ *yng man held his place for only the Eskimo for making Are. Another
of the enemy. ^ ou know the < hvmin- tacked with the Boche attack and **id. Ah, I still imagine I belong to	ppv	wivnnw iiarit a week the overprinted stamps should method, of Polynesian origin, is that
des-Dames. It is or was, until torn broken through, to be immediately those happy days, instead of being a lHb <>! LN itlMJOW “ABU. ^ valuable.	of the “plowing stick.” The operate pieces by shellfire, an ancient Ro- surrounded; that Captain  , with : miaterable makeshift candlestick in a	—-	| War Rtamp collectors with their tor rubs a groove in a piece of soft
man road elevated above water leve one company, had come to the rescue rest-billet.	Leeaena Danger of Tuberculoeift and 8^tmp8 and postmarks can read off a wood with the end of a stick of hard
through a low section resting upon a and broken the Boche line. I sent My tragedy happened on the	Increase* Efficiency.	history of the war by glancing wood The stick wears off particles
EEiniwi
“It is upon the outlined form of this captive for twelve minutes.	j tie and I exchang <	<¦	windows. Not only is the danger of ship lines, who are importuned by dill- Until recent years the accomplish-
_ plateau that the front shapes itself at “There was death all about Han many a dusty route marc .	tuberculosis much lessened by sleep- gent philatelists desiring to “go ment 0f making fire by rubbing’two
this section, its edges of spur-shaped to hand and body to body, men fought	Worth	It* Weight in Gold.	ing with your windows wide open, but through the waste baskets.” War
land dentiled between little valleys. |and died and won and lost, amid shell Well our battalion was ordered to your efficjency will be largely increas- stamp collecting has also opened a “Paradise wood is partially inclosed explosion, and bayonet thrust. Later fapture a certain wood, whose name I ^ onc| you wBj feei ijke another per- new source of revenue to janitors in in one of these valleys. The trenches we found two of our machine guns in-	not divulge. I fairly shook in gon if you get fregh a^ while you office buildings, who look out for
of our regiment were in its very cen- tact and every man of each crew ^ carrier during the fierce bombard- g|eepi	stamp* and sell them
ter, first, second and third line with dead about them. W e fought the tight ment that preceded our attack, but my Most people keep their windows communications. On the fourth day all night and gave more than we os ^	returned immediately Bill climb- open at night in the summer time, hut
after our occupation of this sector, at At dawn we held true to the previous j ^ out of ^e trench and walked across	to close them as soon as the In other cities, when aerial bom-| fire in this way just as well as any
8 o’clock in the evening, a hail of j night’s position, save for a lew me ers ^ intervening eight hundred yards, weather turns chilly. This is where bardments take place, the citizens run *aVnge. All he needs is a little teach-Boche shells began to fall upon our here and there, and by . in t e morn- Though machine-gun bullets pinged they make a mistake. It is at this for safety into underground cellars ing aa many a Boy Scout can testify, lines. It was a veritable inferno, ing we had regained these. Not a loot ^ around ug| Bill#strolled along, im- | po$nt where one can easily contract and store-places. But, as is well known Doubtless some day he will learn great shells sent toward us and burst- of our line was in enemy an s.	harmed. He stopped to light a cigar- the open window habit. By adding bed Venice has no cellars, nor under- how to use the “fire syringe,” which
ing everywhere about us, destroying an observation post >e onging o us	and—ah!	covers on the cold nights, in a few ground places. Around the houses may fairly be regarded a# the most
small abri and observation, breaking was token. All our linei was ours, uur Nq mattcrj we took the wood. We weeks one will And that the coldest there is water. One can hardly | scientific of all aboriginal Aremaking connection with the rear. That meant ( dead and theirs attested why.	searched every corner of it. and rout- ^ eights do not mean discomfort. It is a few feet below the surface any-
the immediate establishment of a	ed out a large number of Fritses then easy to continue with open win- where without coming to water. For Its place of origin is the island of
relay courier system, in which man HND BONES OF ST. GEUKUt,. Then, as my soldier was making his dowg through the winter.	this reason the ground Aoors of the Borneo. The instrument is a cylinder
after man picks up a message and	~~	way to the northern end, to consoli-	?--	houses are made of cement so as to Qf buffalo horn, with a sort of piston
carries it under Are to a given point. Remains Found in 1 alestme l nder ^ a position, the familiar voice of Quick Promotion. be impermeable to water; but should Comely Atting. A scrap of tinder is It's life-giving business, and to avoid Fine Sixth Century Mosaic. Joe called out to him.	j	. any Aaw or crack appear in them the piaced in the mouth of the cylinder
ËlMllËlIâ
a	E=.=5=^'S
5FSBB5	S-SBSBS
A SON'S LETTER.
OVER THE TOP !
A SOMME TRAGEDY
Written by a ’British Soldier JuM Before He Fell in Battle.
Here is a fine manly letter, full of heart and free of cant, which appeared the other day in an Isle of Wight
ON K OF WARS MISFORTUNES GRAPHICALLY TOLD.


TWOCd

The (are of Lamp*.
With traffic officials scrutinizing the
nothing
contains
any conditions
care
Made in Canada.
FIRE WITHOUT MATCHES
The lower edge present."
areas almost touch
A HOT FIGHT IN PARADISE WOOD

-


sticks together was deemed beyond attainment by civilized people. But why? Nobody could say, but skill in the art was supposed to be obtainable exclusively by savages idea has been exploded.
The civilized Canadian can make


This
*
The Sandbag Caves of Venice
processes.

/
duction of volume and thus the tinder
catches fire

THE DOOR WAS OPEN AhD THERE WAS A CHAIR STANDING - SA1 ABOUT
Here - istartid to
GO IN THE NEXT ROOM
----AMO—
tooR HOh H
MD THE SAME
ruiHü owe ET
"iWt wouldn't
66UCVC Me. Q
how Hold oh a minute ,
I WANT lb SET THIS RI6HY- ToUSAT IT
oh Nes Not) can - '#ou
DROUGHT THIS WHOLE AFFAIR. OH TOUR- V
aeLf ç ~Z
I u have To make up
SOME PHohbW nuXlSE Tt>
Tell the fellows at -me office - let’s see
HOW, WHAT WILL SOUND
TteASONABLC? /ÇW"	'
AOUNOS A
Little
flSHBN ME DUFT
I can’t 60 TO THE Off ICE TO PAT WITH MN ETE lw THIS SHAPE r------------
[
m**"
nnn
| WA6 DARK WHEN YOU \ ewTKRBD THE %X)M?
"« n

I

a
i



i
til
r
k
ill
i
(
j



in


?
Ml!

4
###PAGE###3###
4
4
<
S
i
¦ STRONG PEOPLE NEEDED
Blackbird» Saved the Crop.
I	ti , L	. /i.rAi ¦ v f	i A few days ago, Grant Mitchell,
Are Inefficient Instruments of Nittsi | YES . MAulvALLI »	| living near Windfall, Indiana, gave up
The need for people to he healthy Warfare at the Present Time. 1 mDVfi I I ITT TT < I for lost a ten-acre field of tomatoes,
!« urgent Those whom Illness has	,1	1 UimR L,U	1 says the Indianapolis News. In, one
ing man and woman should reipembor ' X ire-admiral Y\ illiam S. Sims, novj pound applied directly upon a tender that the tile of debility, nerve exhaus- in command of the American navalj achlng corn relieves the soreness in
tlon, Indigestion, sleeplessness, nltiral-1 forces in European waters, declares atant,y flnd HOon the entire corn or	z f think that every mother’s son
gla, and depression yomo from a faulty that the menace of tactical mines in a caj]us> root and all, dries up and can	8	_ '	And every father’s daughter
blood supply. Worry, over work or . sea battle is not regarded very seri- ; be ,iftpd ofr with the fingers.	gee(} ear9 ^om the best producing Should drink, at least till twenty-one, ed a deposit of uranium,
other causes have Impoverished the	ously. If squarely humped, such a, Th,8 new way to rid one's feet of Btajg8 jn the field produce	more than	Just nothing but cold water,
blood and left the life stream Impure,	mine will blow up a ship, but ordin-j ^ w#g	introduced by a Cincinnati , 9ee(1 earH apparently as	good, but	And after that they might drink tea,
The nerves thereby are starving and	nrily the “bow wave ’ of a warship mafi who	gayH that freezone dries in j gathered without considering the pro-	I>A nothing any stronger,
the whole system is languishing for	will throw' the mine aside and out of r nwment	an<j Bfmply shrivels up the , ductjVeness of the parent	stalk. The	If all folks would agree with me,
new blood. In this condition many	the vessel’s path.	corn or	callus without irritating	the	pjace to	select	seed	corn	is	in	the	field,	They’d live a great deal longer,
thousands have won back strong	Many experiment*	in	the use	of; grounding BkIn	not	in	the crib';	the	time	to	sefect it	is
nerves and new health and strength such mines have been made by the|	Infection or „ 800n mm It is mature, not at husk-
SSïSSSi = T':= = V
only a waste of time and money, but bringing the two mines together, so If your druggist hasn J also a further menace to your health	that they	were no better than one.	tell him	o or er
to tinker with common drugs. Fol-j Corks were put along the line to his wholesale ding o e >_•___
low example so many thou- hold	but, so, the
sands by giving Dr. Williams’ Pink of a ship, bearing a thin sheet of steel Pills a fair tBal, and they will trans- with a razor edge, would bite it in
form you Into healthy, active men and	twain. A	steel line suitably buoyed by	from her	native village in her life r>e-
wotnen.	floats has	been tried, but even that is	fore was	travelling to London to see
You can get these pills through any	liable to be cut, for it cannot be very	her wounded son. It was a long
dealer In medicine, or by mall at 50	’ thick.	journey,	and she began to be very
cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from	Thus the tactical mine	remains	to	hungry.____#he had	heard that	it	WM
The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.,	this day an inefficient	instrument	of	possible	to get tea	on express	trains;
Brock ville, Ont.	naval warfare. It represents an un- but no attendant passed along the cor-
snlved problem.	ridor. Then a bright thought struck
her. One should ring for a servant, of course She reached up and pulled the communication-cord. There was a screech of brakes, and presently the guard came rushing along.
“Who pulled that bell?” he shouted.
“I-did!” said the old lady, sweetly.
"Well, what do you want?” asked
the guard.	,
“A cup of tea and a ham-sandwich for me, please!” said the dame.
•TACTICAL MINES."
— O— O-------ft**
o~
«
9
TM( WHIPS! I
À
A
’ll
A

Hm been Canada's favorite yeast for over a
Bread baked with Royal
that
yhELÇakb
quarter of a oerrturv.
Yeast will keep fresh and moist longer thpn made with any other, so that a full week'» supply easily be made at one baking, i nd the lest

PUB
can
loaf will be Just as good as the first.
^JljoRoi?SS^| e.wgillett company limited
MADE IN CANADA
J
Winnipeg TORONTO. ONT. Montreal
reported by other farmers of the ’ county.
S-'uth Autfraliîl hopes to become a producer of radium, ,w it hie discover
I)	FI TM A KINO NKWÏ AND JOB
[ offices fur pal*» In good Ontario loan* The moat uaeful and Intereatln* cf all bualneaae* Full Information oo ¦ Dullcotlon to Wlleon Publishing Con#-73 Adelaide St.. Toronto ________
mecELLAirrous
panv
Mlnard'a Liniment for mala everywhere.
You will find it much easier to both hear and talk over the telephone if you close your eyes.
ZltNCKR. TUHOKS LUMPS ETC. I Internal and external, cured without naln by our home treatment wnte of before loo late Dr Heilman Medical Co . Limited. Col ling wood. Ont
Ts DODDS
KIDNEY;
A PILLS
MONEY ORDERS
Send a Dominion Express Money Order. They are payable everywhere
!
ARSORBINE
/T*. 9^ TtîADErM AK 1 lftG.kS.PAT. of \
What She Wanted.
An old dame who had never budged
/
X
Reduces Bursal Enlargements, Thickened, Swollen Tissues, Curbs, Filled Tendons, Soreness from Bruises or Strains;
•tops Spavin Lameness, allays pain. Does not blister, remove the hair or lay up the horse. 12.00 a Hottle st dnigfi&t# or delivered. Book 1 M free.
ABSORBINE, JR., for mankind antiseptic liniment for bruiser cuts, won strains, painful, swollen veins or glands heals and soothes. $1.00 a bottle at drugw gists or postpaid. Will tell you more if yoe writs.
W. F YOUNG. H. U. F., 516 Lymans Blflg., Montreal, Cs# AlsorMue icj Absorblse. Jr., ire aide Is Canada t
Z
*
October is the month to plant tulip, crocus, narcissus and hyacinth bulbs. Do it now!
4.


Sites
a
Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Burns. Etc.

When baying your Piano Insist on having an


ALGOMA AND AN AUTHOR.
:
“OTTO HIGEL" PIANO ACTION
WOULD NOT BE WITHOUT BABY'S OWN TABLETS
?3 the y
It an author can be said to be the
product of any particular district— | and why not, just as much as a variety
of flower, or fruit, or grain ?—Alan 1	~ .
Sullivan, the distinguished Canadian | Mrs- Ai C. Smith, Goodwood, On . poet and novelist, should be moat pro- writes :-“I have weed Baby a Own perly Identified with Algoma. that Tablets for the past two years and curiously shaped county of Ontario	f°UI>d "'em the best medicine
which s.retches from the dries and » ™^er can give her little ones and
settlements of 'lho shores of Lake » w°uld not be„ J»**0* «'em- The Huron and Lake Superior, up through Tablets never fal to banish the slny
miles of the Missis- l'k '"'ments of childhood. They regulate the bowels; sweeten the stomach
and make the crw sickly baby bright, Mlnard's Liniment Co., Limited, healthy and happy. They are sold, by Dear Sirs,—I can recommend MI-medicine dealers or by mall at 26 MAUD'S LINIMENT for Rheumatism cents a box from The Dr. William»' | and Sprains, as I have used It for both
with excellent results. ‘
Yours truly,
T. B. LAVERS.
St. John.
01

VERY Wlï SW
i
P
îli&
3
Burning Kept Her Awake Nights. Hard Lumps Came Then Turned to Scales.
the 2,900 square
eauga Forest Reserve, to the great fur trading territories three hundred and sixty miles north, where it Is bounded by the Albany River, the chief tributary of James Bay. The southern shores of this county were colonized some thirty years ago at the instance of C P R. agents, by hardy pioneers from the older counties of
Kincardine and Bruce, but the city of J Invaders Send Machinery to Germany Suult Ste. Marie has its roots In the remoter past, as It was a trading post for the voyageurs, who travelled for the furtradors of Montreal into the far West. ' Alan Sullivan, whose father was Bishop of the Algoma Diocese, was at one time engineer of the work j ! of construction and ballasting the Algoma branch of the C.P.R. between
i
%
m/g

m
My scalp began by being very itchy and burning which would keep me
awake nights it was so j bothersome. First there would come little hard | lumps and when scratched them they 1 would turn to flaky scales : and dry.
“1 got no relief until I got Cuticura Soap and Ointment. They gave instant relief and in a week I was completely healed." i (Signed) Mrs. Alfred Bcrthelotte, Ed KiverCrosslng, N. B., February II, 16.
Most skin t roubles might be prevented by using Cuticura Soap and Ointment for every-day toilet purposes.
For Free Sample Knell by Mail address post-card: "Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. S. A." Sold everywhere.
I t
Medicine Co., Brockvllle, Ont.

r *>
BELGIAN MILLS STRUTED.

%

à
I
Or Wreck It
Official dispatches confirm the reports recently brought from Belgium and northern France that the Germans are stripping textile mills of their machinery, destroying it or sending it to Germany. Actual removal of machinery has been reported from
mm spat
mmm
teen years of age from Germany for office work, and apparently discredit the evacuation theory.
Requisitioning by the Germans of wine, textile fabrics in retail stores and blankets In private houses is described in the dispatches.
When you have an invalid to care for, baste ten or a dozen sheets of old newspapers together, cover with a layer of old cotton cloth, and you will have a mattress protector, easily destroyed if necessary.
82

Dr. Ferdinand King, a New York City Physician and Medical Author says : “There can be no strong, vigorous, Iron men nor beautiful, healthy, rosy-cheeked women without fron—Nuxated Iron taken three times per day after meals will Increase the strength and endurance of weak, nervous, run down folks 100 per cent. In two weeks' time In many instances. Avoid the old forms of metallic iron which may Injure the teeth, corrode the stomach, and thereby do more harm than good. Take only organic iron—Nuxated Iron." ft is d ifr
pensed by all good druggists,

i
Dr. Beck, The Well Known Eye Specialist and Doctor Judkins, The Medical Author, Publish Astonishing Report on Wonderful Remedy To Strengthen Eyesight
Say it Strengthens Eyesight 50% in One Week's Time in Many Instances
lN
m
1
distant.
i
the hunters,
Indian agents and the trappers have provided rich material for Alan Sullivan's stories, some of the best of which have been collected In the vol-
"The Passing of Owl I

Men in Training
Fighting isn't the only duty of a soldier, and exposure to bullets is not ss serious as exposure to all kinds of weather and dampness.
Rheumatic aches, sore and stiff muscles, strains and epra Wains and neuralgia, all art of the soldier, and the relief for all these pains and aches is Sloan's Liniment. Clean and convenient to carry or use; does not stain, and penetrates without rubbing.
25c.. 50c.. $1.00.
ume called But." More recently he has enlarged his field, and In bis latest volume, “The Inner Door,” he takes fof. atmosphere the labor movement In a small industrial town. But the town Is still In Ontario, a fact that makes It all the more Interesting to the Canadian reader, who takes an interest In the now rapid growth of a distinctive Canadian literature.
ins, chi!
the eywlght more than 60 per cent in one week'* time. 1 have also lined it with wur-prlHlug effec t In canes of work strained eyes, pink eye, lnflaramed lids, catsrrliai conjunct 1 vîtes, smarting. painful, aching, Itching eyes, eyes weakened from colds, smoke, sun, dust and wind, watery eyes, blurr.d vision, and In fact many other condition* too numerous to describe in this report. A and startling case has Just come pod or my observation, whl< h yielded to Bon Opto, Is that of u young girl. 12 years old. Tv. o prominent eye specialists, after a thorough examination of the young girl, decided In order to save the sight of her right eye. the left eye must be removed. Before permitting her to he operated on. the young girl's father decided to use Bon Opto. In lees than three days a marked Improvement was noticed. At the end of a week the Inflammation had almost disappeared, and at the end of six weeks the eye was saved. Ju‘t think what the saving of that eye memos to this little girl. Another case Is that of a lady ninety three years old. She came to me with dull vision and extreme lutiamma tlon of the lids and the conjunctiva was ml
After two weeks’ u/e of Bon
K vv

/NE Granulated Eyelids,

tetefirtisMS
relieved by Murine. Try It In your Eyes and In Baby's Eyee.
UR

new
5S5tt!S?,.ffiSSBEHS
Mb
Sloetn’s
Liniment

1
$
Peasant women are harvesting the crops in Italy.
The latest advice is not to char the ends of fence-posts before setting them in the ground. The charcoal is said to hold water and thereby hast-rotting of the post. How things do change! A while ago experts said, “Char,” and now they say, “Don’t "
.

To stop the creaking of a door apply a little soap to the hinge. This is as effective as oil, and the soap does not spoil the appearance of the paint
v
KILLS PAIN
¦
fit


PAINS SHARP AND STABBING
SPSJ5	w „ :	gg
pounds? This was the market value WOITMUI 1 nOU g 111 one Would	Dr. Judkins, VamaachusMt# physician. canm^ t>T overworked, tired eye# which In-
of Henry VIII Vf.mou. residence .t ^ Cured by Lydia E. A Free Pr^P-.on To- Ten Have	"dUuoc'è".'^
**¦1 ! mwmmssat

ens
Ik,
1
DR. JUDKINS
'VTAKTjySTW
•XJ.Wg. JffTf
IS



THERES NO DOUBT ABOUT
\


POSTUM

%
AS A HEALTH IMPROVEMENT OVER
TEA V COFFEE
Ï

i
5
w.y pt preiwwm i band for regeiar on I»



Wav# u«H It »wr

BÛ,**
m m m




ED 7.

E


###PAGE###4###
NOTICE Of MEETINGS
ORANGE HAIL, SHAWHIIU :
ART IN WARFARE.
ami momentous juncture in the national history, the members of the Government have come together in the duty of service to the national interest.
" The line* of policy followed chiefly relate to the prosecution of the war and to consideration and solution of problems which will arise during its progrès* or which will supervene upon the conclusion of peace. They may Ik* outlined as follows :
1 The vigorous prosecution of the war, the maintenance of Canada's effort by the provision of necessary reinforcements, the immediate enforcement ot the Military Service Act and the most thorough co-ojHTation with the (Governments of the United Kingdom and of the other Dominions in all matters relating to the war
mas sm
1	Woodley and the Misses 1 horn paon.
Stark and Wainman ; also a » »lo from Mr. Stevens, of Pembroke, added very much to the enjoyment of the program.
The ladies of the congregations provided an excellent sup)ter in the lecture hall of the church, which was thoroughly enjoyed by all present.
The address of welcome was read by Mrs. McKinley and replied to in an excellent ;w|tcr by Mrs. (Rev.) Hal penny.
The officers for the ensuing year arc : Mrs. W. Connelly, of Cobden, President and District Organizer, and Mrs. Stitt, Secretary, concluding by the National. Anthem
THE EQUITY.
Schamas Used to Deceive the Eyes of the Enemy.
Early In the great world war the young painters In (franco formed what they called the Bataillon de la Camoufle, a battalion whose duties consist of
autos, shelters aud
Color
o
which will be
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 25, 1917.
O Y. ». LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of en oh month at 8 p. in.
W. E N. Hodoins, Bet.-Seay.
!.. O. L. No. 87, meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
Khwahii Dale W.M.
ItOYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the lit h of each month
H. N. IlOlHlINS.x W. Cmop. in Loin
m
O. G. McDowILI W. M.
It is now thought that the election# v >1 come off on Monday, IVeember 17.
making up' guns
whole lamlsca|*s to deceive the
They
The Quiet Hour Service, led by Mrs. the Rev. Mitchell, of Westmeath, was a time of great pleasing.
The evening session was presided over by the pastor of the church address by the Rev. J. A. McNeill, ol Golden, on Religion in the Home, was of a very practical nature, urging the necessity of the family altar and religion* training in the home ; also an eloquent address by the Rev. \\ H. Stevens, of Pembroke, on the subject 44 War and Missions, ' was listened to with much interest and profit.
A very interesting part of the program was the recitations given in a very creditable way by Master Lloyd Hal-
even
enemy’s eyes—llie aeroplanes Impart to a munition depot the Innocent appearance of a prairie. The <*r»a under their hands take on the semblance of old trees. Tree trunks and old carts are transfigured by these artists Into formidable batteries ou which the hostile (Ire may spend itself. They color the autos to resemble roads
or fields.
The grand chief of the Camoufle Is the celebrated decorator 1 ora In, who earned his war cross at the front Nor is this work without its dangers. The camoufleur must rei>eatedly ascend in avions to Judge the effect of his work or to decide on the necessary retouching to be done. He must sometimes advance ahead of the first lines during the night to take measurements which will permit him to Imitate exactly a certain tree trunk or a part of a crumbled wall in No Man's land, which must be copied, molded by clever sculptors and armored the same night to serve as shelters for observers.
Rko. Hodoins, Secy.
Who »* to l*' the Union Government
This is a ques-wliivli Thk Kqcity has l>eeu asked inee thé posters, calling i mention for Friday of this week led. We are not in a position to tnish the information desired i ten bauge of opinions at the c
> taken will doubtless render it )s»ssiWe to make a wise choice.
An
1
ndidate in Pont ta
RkU. IfoiMjiNrt
Com. Scribe.
v tin
wen
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
\n
Hi
men
•j Civil Service Reform, with a view to extending the principle of the present Civil Service Act to the Outside Service, and thus to abolish patronage and make appointments to the Public Service upon the sole standard of merit. The Civil Service Commission has already been directed t report to the Prime Minister as to the necessary steps for that purpose. Such arrangements will l*c subject to the existing regulations, which give pre fervnee in appointments to returned soldiers who are duly qualified.
:t- The extension of the franchise to women with suitable provisions for enabling married women to determine their nationality and to obtain naturalization notwithstanding marriage.
4—Adequate taxation of war profits and increased taxation of incomes, as necessitated by the continuance of the
U
lion befor
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
—COM
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday,
First Thursday,

Mr. Cahill It Is
The question of "to be or not to 1*V mi far as the candidature of the Pontiac Liberals in the approaching election is concerned, seems to have been definitely >v tiled at last Wednesday’s convention, which is reputed to have been well attended. Mr. Cahill has demonstrated by the result of the proceedings, that he
i< “the man tor Cal way, although Mr. Roland Millar. District Magistrate, who
make a
FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR SCHOOL MUNICIPALITY OF SHAWVILLE.
Bristol, •
Starks Corners, Second Thors.
- * First Friday,
Wyman,
Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm - Last Monday
of each month.
EXPENDITURE
$ 2 fi-2 38 8*1 10 00 8 00 8 00 8 00 5 () ’> 7 00 ft 85 16 00 1 (XI
l oo
3 00
7	50
8	00
lft V. P. R. telegrams..........
80 (i. F. Hudgins Ce. bill.......
15 Rev. A. T. Phillips, exams .. lft Rev. F. Tripp,	“
85 W F. Drum, audit,.............
25 S. E. Hudgins, audit.........
25 Mrs. Hancock, cleaning school
7 G. W. Dale, bill ... :........
(» Montreal Star, bill .........
6 Mr. Hodge, School Fair........
31 Postage ......................
2 Electric light ...............
18 L. Cut hbertson, wood.......
85 Men in Dale, work.............
14 Postage.......................
July
i
Vug
IRON IN WATER.
proposal against him, showed a 1st
was
that he has a strung following.
Mr. Cahill -who, it may be presumed
The Merest Trace of the Metal Will Impart a Distinct Taint.
What would you consider one of the most powerful agents with which to flavor water? Would It l>e Iron?
A half part per million of iron In water is detectable by taste, and more than four or five parts make a water unpalatable. In some mineral springs iron is the constituent which Imparts a medicinal value to the water, but ordinarily it is undesirable.
More than 2.5 parts per million In water used for laundering makes a stain on clothes. Iron must lie removed from water from which ice is made cloudy discolored product will reAn iron content of over two or three parts per million in water used in the manufacture of paper will stain
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Sept
FOR —
Oct
aurally felt exuberant over his success in finally establishing his claim to the n initiation made a speech which savor-
f the
Shawville and District
Will
I
;» A strong and progressive policy of Immigration and Colonization, accom* panied by suitable provisions to induce settlement u|xm the land, to encourage iseil agricultural production and to aid in the development of agricultural resources.
(» Effective arrangements for demobilization, for the care and vocational training of returned soldiers, for assist-
nabling them t<>aettleupon the
land and for adequate pensions to those who have l icon disabled and to the de l»endents of those who have fallen.
7-The development of transportation facilities ; the co-operative management of the various railway systems so as to ensure economy in operation, to avoid unnecessary construction and to secure the widest and most effective use of existing railway facilities ; the encouragement and development ot the shipbuilding industry and the establishment of steamship lines upon l>oth oceans and upon the Great Lakes ; cooperation with the various provincial governments for the improvement o' highways ; the investigation of the possibilities of Air Service for important national purposes.
8 -The reduction of public expenditure, the avoidance of waste and the encouragement of thrift.
TO HELL for
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Nov
ed somewhat of the “breeziess great West, out of which lie emerged a few years ago to woo the political affections of his native county. In referring
—o—o —*0—¦
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Plant 1918. including many new varieties which we alone control.
mere
Dec
1917.
Jan. 4 G. F. H<nights Vo. acct.........
f> K. McCredie, bill.............
r* Hugh Horner, wood.............
Feb. 3 E. McOuat, for achesd ground*
3	G. M. Hendry, apparatus........
5 H. Tracy, worxl................
(i Kdwaid Hudgins, woods.........
7 L. Cuthbertaon, carting........
7	Wm Rooney, wood................
10 Fred V. Dale, work.............
10 W. E. lbuigins wood............
•23 W. J. Dagg, wood..............
27	Gerald Hudgins wood............
March 2 Electric light..................
8	Postage .......................
April 4 G. F. Hod gin s Co. bill........
4	Harry McDowell, work.........
4 H. sjiadel, bill.............•.
25 W. J, Horner, wood.............
25 Postage........................
May 17 W. 11. Harr, |K>sts..............
Nov. 20 Thomas Fades, interest..........
23 George Hynes, “	........
23 G. H. McDowell, “	........
30	G. Zimmerman, 44	........
March 28 Mrs. S. Ren nick, bill.........
Jan. HJ S. Ren nick, bill...............
May 19 Montreal Star, bill..............
29 James Newton, interest ........
29	Postage...../..................
31	Wilfrid Howes, bill............
June 25 Montreal Star ..................
25	J. J. Turner, bill.............
26	Postage.......................
28	S. McMullan, work.............
29	G. A. Howard, bill.............
30	J. A. Cowan, bill .............
30	Electric light................
30 R. G. Hudgins, bill...........
30 Geo. E. Wainman, bill..........
30 Telegrams and telephones ......
S. McMullan, salary...........
Miss Goff, "	.......... -
Mis» Rot liera, 44	...........
Miss Duncan, 44	...........
Miss McDowell, salary.........
Miss Armstrong, 44	.........
Caretaker.....................
Secretary -Treasurer..........
June 30 Cash in hand................... ¦
ing
150 50 1 00 6 00 20 00
3	16 5 00
4	85
to the Union Government recently formed at Ottawa, and which is regarded as one of the must important achievements in the annals of Canadian statecraft, Mr. Cahill declared it was a "frame up.
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
a live m t
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 18371
or n
suit
ONTARIO
50
Toronto
ilt >igned i"! tl le purp>se "t
Considering the
wm
f> 25 1 10 1-2 00 4 50 13 50 3 00 2 00 125 82
I 00
3	00 39 75
1	50 7 25
127 25 111 00 30 25 162 00 10 00
4	30
5	99 60 00
2	00 2 10 3 15 5 20 2 00 7 30 7 25
12 25
ning the election
t rsonnel and the political antecedents I the men who have joined with Sir Robert Borden in making union possible, it difficult to see where Mr. Cahill get> his ground for the assertion that a “trame-up has been pulled off : howls, it/whether lie is right or wrong in the further assumption that the alleged frame-up was put through with the object of winning the elections, it will not be very comforting ui encouraging for him to realize, as lie must, that Union
Province of Quebec, l District of Pontiac./
the paper.	•
Iron Is harmful in water used for steaming, for it is in equilibrium with acids which Inside the teller become dissociated, with the result that the free acids corrode the holler plates, but the amount of Iron carried In solution by most waters Is so small that the damage It does to steam boilers generally amounts to little moval of Iron from water Is sometimes and sometimes very difficult.
1
SUPERIOR COURT
DAME JANE HORNER, of the Tillage of Shawville, in the County of Pontiac, formerly widow of the late George Telford, in Jiis lifetime of the said village of Shawville, gentleman, and presently wife of .laines Newton, laborer, of the village of Shawville, in the said County of Pontiac,

The re-
f
easy
llaintiff,
l )ec Jan.
t
vs
JAMES NEWTON, laborer, of the village of Shawville, in the District of Pontiac,	Defendant.
The defendant is ordered to api>ear within one month.
Bryson, October loth, 1917.
HENRI A. SAINT PIERRE, Prothonotary, Superior Court,
District oC Pontiac.
A Little Bit o' Brass.
' It Is just a little bit o' brass." laughed a St. Louis girl who keeps house, •‘but It is a useful little bit. I use It to scrape my dishes before 1 wash them and particularly my cooking dishes, pots and pans and such things. It can be kept clean so much more easily than one of those wire things or any other arrangement that I have had. It is just a plain, smooth, oblong piece of brass with a small hole In it, and It has smooth edges too. There Is nothing to catch or hold any dirt It does not cut like a knife nor scratch, but removes just what it is supposed to remove and leaves the rest. Moreover, it Is not only useful, but decorative, too, banging here over the sink by the window, where the sunshine makes It look like a little square of gold." .
Government along the broad lines laid down in Sir Robert Borden's manifesto, recently issued, stands in the path w h ich leads to victory.
In the course of his address to the C invention he is reported to have re h i red to the Liberals who have joined the Coalition, as “Liberal renegades whom the party is well rid. of, ' and predicted that every one of them would lie defeated at the polls. He is also re parted to have branded Sir Robert Burden as the " greatest crook in the coun-If Mr. Cahill made use of such language he is entitled to the doubtful distinction of being the first man—except. jierbaps, the fanatics ot Montreal —who has had the audacity to assail the Premier's integrity from a public platform. In Parliament or out of it Sir Robert's most uncompromising poli-iirai adversary has never gone the length of questioning his honesty or intense sincerity of pur^se.
Mr. Cahill's estimate of his late political friends —who have cast off the shackles of party ism to assist in the broader sphere of national administration—is w hat one would naturally expect from a person who mistakes hide-t, »und partisanship for political acumen. It is hoped Mr. Cahill may live long uugh to realize the error, if not the k less ness of giving way to such ama-irish exhibitions of cheap |*>litical
9- Effective measures to prevent excessive profits, to prohibit hoarding and to prevent combination for the increase of prices and thus to reduce the cost of living.
10	The encouragement of co-operation among those engaged in agri d-tural production, with a view to dii i-idiing the cost of production and u. ir-keting so that the price paid to the producer may conform more closely to that paid by the consumer.
11	The general development of all the varied resources of Canada, and their conservation and utilization to the best advantage of the people with the co-operation and assistance of the State in every reasonable way for that purpose.
AUCTION SALE
8 5
The Lily Cheese and Butter Co. Factory will be sold by Public Auction, on Tuesday, the 23rd day of October, 1917, at the hour of 1.30 o’clock, p. m. Terms of sale will In* made known day of sale. THUS. DALE, RALPH HUDGINS,
Secretary.
14 16 43 58
; 50 1200 00 550 00 500 00 400 00 325 00 375 00 312 00 120 00 1173 03
try
President IHI Shawville, Sept. 24, 1917
12 — Adequate consideration of the industrial imputation ; the maintenance of good relations between employers and employed, and such conditions of employment as will ensure suitable standards of living among the laboring classes.
Foundation of Happy Marriage.
In the Woman's Home Companion • writer says:
“It was Jane Welsh Carlyle who wrote these words after thirty years of married life:
•• ‘I married for ambition. Carlyle has exceeded oil that my wildest hopes ever Imagined, and I am miserable.’
“Science has taught us a great many Interesting things about race progress and eugenics, but the fundamental principle of eugenics seems to have discovered Itself very early In the his tory of the race. Healthy children are usually those who are born of happy marriages.”
$6110 92
Synopsis of Canadian North
' West Land Regulations
R K CEI PTS
$ 23 05 3557 23 1535 22 28 00 826 17 83 75 55 50
Cash in hand June 30, 1916
Total taxes collected.....
( )rdinary Fees...........
Entrance to examinations..
Government grants.........
Pension Fund..............
1 leaks sold..............
SPIRIT OF UNITED EFFORT.
The i ml icy of the Government will also aim at a truer understanding and comprehension between the various communities, both East and AN est, and the development of a national spirit of united effort among our people as the trustees of a great heritage.
For the purpose of effectively carrying out these policies the following methods have been determined :
1.	. A new portfolio, that of Immigration and Colonization, has been estab-lisbecL
2.	For the effective prosecution of the war a permanent committee of the cabinet will be established.
3.	For the purpose of considering and carrying out the other lines of pnl-icy above mentioned, another jierma-nent committee of the cabinet will also lie constituted.
The sole head of a family, or any male ^¦18 years old, who whs at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or AJberta. Applicant must appear in pwoo at Dominion lands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties— Six months residence ution and cultivation of land in each of tn
'
over
$611092 $6110 92
W. F. Drvm, S. E. Hoduin.h
Auditors
E. T. Hodoinr
Sec. -T rea>

Keep the Weeds Down.
Attack tbe weeds as soon as they appear In the garden. It Is less work to keep a garden clean from the beginning than It is after tbe weeds here made a good start. Weeds are gross feeders end rob tbe garden plants of food and moisture they require.
Dandelions, plantain and dock can beet be removed from tbe lawn by cutting them off below. tbe crown. Fill up tbe boles with earth. Out tbe weeds every two weeks and all will soon disappear.
>
ip trap
rev years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre emption. Price $3.00 per acre. Duties—Reside sus Mouths in each of three years after valuing homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as , homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if be cannot secure a pre-euij^ tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each cultivate 50 acres and
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
URION MANIFESTO.
Sir Robert Borden issues Statement of New Government s
Policy.
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
with Wm. Horsefield in charge.
Highest Market price paid for all kinds of produce.
Grain, Potatoes, Poultry, Butter,
Eggs, &c.
<
After consultation with his colleagues Prime Minister has issued a state nt, of which the following is mAry, with regard to the formation and Personnel of the new Government, ami th respect to policy so far as there has l-een opportunity to consider. The Prime Minister enunciates :
i
W. F. M S C
The W. F M S. Convention of the Methodist Church, Pembroke District, held in the Methodist Church in this village on Wednesday last, was laigely attended. About one hundred delegates from a distance w ere present along with a good local attendance
Presided over by the District Organizer, Mrs. W. J. Connelly, of Cofcden, the afternoon session consisted in a discussion of the work. The roll call, ans wereri by report* from auxiliary Circles and Bands showed a marked interest in the work, and a considerable increase in the moneys raised for Missionary work the Shawville Itranch had an increase of $95 over the previous rear raised by all the Auxiliaries trict was $2167.00.
Interesting paper* were given by Mrs. F Smith, a Home Missionary from
a sum
int
_ Once Was Enough,
Mrs. McLep was about to pull off a social for the benefit of tbe Civic club.
“Are you going to Invite Mrs. Nex-dore?" asked her niece.
“I should may not!" answered the old lady. "I entertained her once, and she never recuperated."
of three years, erect % house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourer* in Cam* ada during 1917, as residenee duties un* drr certain conditions.
When Dominion Uuid* are advertised or posted for entry, returned diers who have served oversews and have been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent * office (but not Sub-Agency ). Discharge papers must be presented to Agent
* »
National
H The present Union or ( , \eminent has been formed with a de rire to give representation to all ele ment* of the population who support the purpose and effort of Canada in this war. Representative men of both poll tical parties are included in iujer - nnel* and it is intended forthwith Uf tire to Labor special representaUon oiion the principle already followed with rtganl to the urgent necwity »f put ting aside all minor considérât Kma. of sinking all party differences and of nre a united front at this solemn
It Would.
“Whit kind of a dress would be most appropriate for a garden party V "I think a lawn dress woule.
WM. HODGINS.
The amount on the Dis-
Mer Retire.
W. W. CORY,
puty Minister of the Interior Unauthorised publication *»f
this advertisement will not be paid for
11. and perhaps to take you from your
He-My Income la It la cruel of father's roof. Bbe-I don't IDs on the

N. B
Shawville, Oct. 22, 1917.
roof.
###PAGE###5###
VALUE OF THE COCONUT.
TAILORING
THE EQUITY,
Those Gifts for the
Boys at the Front
t Might Pay Well to Cultivate the Plant In Thie Country.
Americans have entirely Ignored or »Ik6 have never known of the really wonderful possibilities which exist to accumulate a fortune by growing coconuts for exporting or for the production of the coconut tree's numerous marketable byproducts.
In the West Indies, Central and South America the fruit Is used chiefly for local consumption, the water from the green coconut being a beverage decidedly cool and refreshing, with medicinal values. The leaves from the center of the top of the tree make an excellent salad and are to be found In all Latin American markets In the tones in which they grow. The hewn tree senes the native for a habitation, and a roof is made from the gigantic fronds. Prom the smaller leave» excellent lints of a high grade are fashioned, but few of which reach this
country. From some localities ripened	____
nuts are exported In bulk In the holds t A XT"T) T1 FT Hi Ri R
>f ships, often as ballast, to this coun- 1	v x
try, where a few concerns are engaged in grating coconut meat for the use )f confectioners and bakers.
In the West Indies housewives make their own butter from coconuts, four I WOULD it surprise you to loam nuts yielding a pound of high grade | that some Life Insurance COMa	le At ban cents.—
W. 1C. Augblnbaugh Wtaslie's.
\ Weekly Joarail devoted te loos Interests.
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
Sj bsoreption, $1 a Year in Advance.
tM All arrears must be paid up before any paper l# discontinued.
A good assortment of
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
o
advertising rates.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for (9b Insertion and 6 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $6.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion mid 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub fished free of charge. Obituary poetry ddClined.
Also a nice stock of
Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves..
How about that Christmas Gift for a
Soldier Relative Overseas ?
MURRAY BROS., SH4WVILLE.
Perhaps you feel there is ample time. That impression is wrong, tremendous increase in the number of soldiers overseas, there is hound to be longer delays. With so many decidedly useful articles to choose from, there should be little difficulty in selecting a suitable gift :

Owing to the
CLASS A II
THE MARKETS.
for
SHAW VI ILE
Flour per barrel $12.00 Wheat, pel bushel, $1.75 to 2.00 Oats,per bushel, 00c.
Beans per bushel, $7.00.
Butter tubs, printsand rolls 3Cc Potatoes per bag. 1.40 Eggs per dozen 40c.
Wool, washed. Tdc.; unwashed, 55c. Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides eac h 6.00 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each ¦
YOU nre going to the WAR. we issue Policies on your lives. BI T it must be secured before enlistment.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and -cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
FAMES ARE NOT ISSUING Policies fit nil to MEN of MILITARY AGE ?
Insure today—and be as fortunate as the young man who has already got his protection.
Professional Cards.
Playing Cards
Dates
Mirrors
Sweaters
Handkerchiefs
Tooth Brushes
Pipes
Tobacco Cigarette Cases Candy Shaving Outfit Razors Pocket Knives Underwear Socks	Cloves
Writing Paper Tooth Paste
THE BANK TELLER.
His Title Comes From the Old English Uee of Wooden Tallies.
The Confederation Life
Association
dr. a. h. beers
Formerly accounts were kept and :arge sum* of money paid and received >y the king’s exchequer In London, with
little other form than the exchange or	AunCDCnu
loll very of tallies, pieces of wood notch* u. u. AnUtnOUn
?d or scored, corresponding blocks being kept by the parties to the account
From this usage «me of the head offl*	Digestibility of Cheese,
or* of the exchequer whs called the py experiments on the digestibility 'tuilier" or “teller." '1 hose tallies were cheese It has been shown that much iften negotiable. Adam Smith In Ills lepends on the special physical char-•Wealth of Nations" says that “ia 109(1 lcterg of lbe f0Oa. All fat cheeses are tallies had been at 40 and 50 and 00 Mi(] to l>e dissolved and digested with *x»r cent discount, and banknotes at 2
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Rat •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
Doctor^f^Dentaf^urgery, University of
,LIoentiate^of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
. Qre.
Tenders for Furnace
Wood.
Eat. 1871.
Cen. Agent.
SHAW VILLE. QUE
Tenders for 30 cords of good sound dry hardwood suitable for furnace, will lx? received by the undersigned up to Saturday, October 27 wanted at once ; balance as required.
E. T. HUDGINS,
Treasurer,
Shaw ville School Hoard,
Five cords
S. A. MACKAY
Bring the address and we will pack and tie the parcel for you.
N*<

;rcat rapidity, because the molecules >f casein—the nitrogenous part of the •lieese—are separated only by the fat, »d about 1S30, ami the destruction In I ind so the gastric juice can attack a he night of Oct. 16, 1834, of the old | nrg0 surface of the cheese at one time, louses of parliament is thought to have : whether the cheese be hard or soft on-a doiied by the overheating of | Uut appear to influence digestion. In* flues when the furnaces were cm- I	there is no connectiou between the
doyed to consume the tallies, rendered 1 iigestibillty and the percentage of wa-ist‘!"ss by the alteration in the mode j present in the cheese, jf keeping the exchequer accounts. An account of the ancient tally system was written by William Hone.
notary public
Shawvllle,
per cent."
The system of tallies was discontinu-
Que.
INSURANCE
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
Make it Christmas as usual in the trenches.

ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *C.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawvllle Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
AT THE LOWEST KATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
GREATEST OF ALL SUNS.
COMPAN IBS.
C. F. HOGGINS CO. L’TO.
Giant Canopus, the Blue Beauty of the flO Charge fOP Policy Fee.
Southern Hemisphere.
Star gazers of northern lands often overlook the fact that some of the most brilliant and beautiful stars and finest nebulae and star clusters in the heavens belong to the southern hemisphere aud are not vialblj la our latl-t udea.
Magnificent blue Canopus, the second j
Some Leaves Live Long.
Evergreen trees do not. retain tbeli leaves forever, but are so called because the new leaves appear before the old ones are shed. Miss Vinnie A. Pease has been studying the many evergreens of the Pacific Northwest to ascertain how long the several species retain their leaves. She finds s wide variety, the shortest being the California buckthorn, which ehedi some of Its leaves In autumn and retains the others only until those of the coming season are mature. The longest Is the short leaved yew, which retains its leaves for from five to twelve years, some of them persisting for as long as twenty-three years. Saplings lose their leaves more quickly than mature trees and trees In the open quickly than those in shady
E>. R. BARRY, K.C.
Call or write for Rates and Particulars,
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
barrister, ADVOCATE, AC.
Such are the three main “arms" of he army. The smallest unit In which _ two of these arms are Joined is .he cavalry brigade, which sometimes contains light artillery. Thus we may i ?nll the brigade the largest “unmixed"
Infantry the Base Upon Which the unit, while the division is the smallest
.	.	‘mixed" unit—that is. the smallest
Service IS nearea.	anlt made up of Infantry, cavalry and
1 Artillery.
THE MAIN FIGHTING FORCE.
_________ tween 30,000 and 40,000 men. The
_	.	_ _	field army Is supposed to contain rep-
lipon the Numerical Strength of the ^esentatlon from every branch of the Foot Soldiers Depends the Size of the |rmy orgQnlzatlon and to be able to Other Branches—Vital Importance of [ as a complete and Independent unit.
Virtually every activity of civil life
_	...	.. ?hma	Is represented In the army, organ Iza-
In every army of the world the foot ^ eltber on its technical or admin-soldiers, or Infantry, form the main lgtratJve 8lde The more one delves fighting force. All other granul es o	army organization the keener be
the service are organized In ratto to	the appreciation of the neces
the strength of the tofantr*;Tl‘ue dty of properly classifying every civil the number of cavalrymen enlisted de- |jm of m|lltary agCi that in emergency peoda upon the numerical strength of bc mny ^ called forth to serve his the infantry organization. For this ?00Dtry ln tbat capacity In which be reason let us consider the numeri a I l(g begt flttcd to gtve the highest reunite by which Infantry strength Is |ult8 Every tradesman, mechanic, la-
estimated.	borer, professional man. artist or poet
First there la the squad made up of 12ln ^ fltted |nt0 the vast organlzn-eight men under the command of a l [lon wbeel ln gurb a way that his vo-corporaL A platoon made up of five	or avocatlou will be turned to
•quads and comprising from forty to jls countrj«e advantage, fifty men is under the command of a Wârg are D0 ioüger entirely decided sergeant or lieutenant A company	flrlng une They are. rather,
comprising two, three or four platoons 1 struggles between the resources of nils under the control of a captain. A donfl and that country possessing the company's roll contains from 80 to	industrial stamln* Is almost
100 men. Four companies make up a « :wUin t0 win, provided it has a rea battalion under the command of a ma- » enable representation of arms In the for, while three battalions form a Mfcl-,
meut led by a colonel Three regl- | Tbe pr|vata soldier, standing at the ments form a brigade under the com- bottom of the army stairs, has nine mand of a brigadier general, and ltepe t0 cUmb before he arrives af the three brigades make a division. Three top_* general, ill* first promotion la divisions, if they represent various t0 corporal and the next to sergeant branches of tbe service, are grouped ge la elevated to these grades by bis Into a corps or field army. The dlvl- regimental commander. The next step lion la commanded by • major general, a commission bearing the presi-is Is also the field army.	font's name was formerly tbe most
“The army" In its entirety consists juscult to negotiate, bot It is now fair it as many field armies as s country ,j eaay f0 take for men who honestly is able to muster, plus tbe entire mill- 1 possess tbe qualities necessary to make tary organization and Its accessories. b# right kind of officers. After be be-There are a few slight differences be- x>mee a second lieutenant time and tween the cavalry and Infantry organ- >pportunity will give the soldier his Isations, for the Infantry company In )rst lieutenancy and later a captain-cavalry terms becomes a troop and tbe	Next be becomes a major. Dibattalion becomes a squadron.	rsctly above the major stands the lieu
In the artillery branch of the service ;anant colonel, who Is one grade below there are several subdivisions. At the & colonel. At tbe top, for final reward, present time we hear much about the |(g * genera Vs star.
'oast artillery, which is made up of lied or stationery cannon, set in bat-
BR ECK EN R1 DOE
BUILDING AN ARMY
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
iny
PUBLIC NOTICE
ir
Public Notice is hereby given to all
¦UIP»
the star was known and worshiped	TM( w T MVKFV
tlie banks of the Nile long l>efore	1 rlUr>. MCKLI., ^
it received its name from Hu- < lreeks and has been called the Star of Egypt.
It has also been a guide to many tribes in Africa, South America and Australia in their journeys through pathless wilds.
Although Sirius appears nearly twice as brilliant as Canopus, this Is due only to the fact tbat Sirius is comparatively near to us, not quite nine light years distant, while Canopus has been estimated to be at a distance of 44k) light years
tbe greatest of all tbe giant suns, equal in light giving power to 55,000 suns such as our own. Sirius, with a brilliancy estimated at forty-eight times tbat of tbe sun, shrinks Into a pygmy when contrasted with Cauopua,
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
A > vocati, Barrister, *c-
Hull.
,196 Main St.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In
on
Lady am it li, Oct. 5th, 1917.
more
places.
Industrial Resour
PUBLIC NOTICE
Frogs and Mud Forts.
There Is a frog Indigenous to Brazil which builds a regular mud fort during the breeding season In order to protect her eggs and tadpoles. The female frog dives to the bottom of the water, scoops up two handfuls of mud and repeats the process until she has erected a circular wall about one foot
In diameterHpiHHH^HHH wall stands at least five Inches above the surface of the water, and the whole is most carefully smoothed down with her broad, webbed hands. The work is performed only at night, and when it is completed the eggs an deposited.
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given
to all Proprietors of Ileal Estate and Resident Householders of this Muuici-]>ality, that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any v ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such roll, which shall be taken into consideration and homologate ed, with or w ithout amendment, at the meeting of the commissioners to take place on the 20th day of October at my office, at the hour of one o’clock in the afternoon ; hut such delay expired, it shall come into force, and every jierson interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires, shall i*y the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at her office, within tbe twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this nineteenth day of the month of September, 1917.
m. a. Mc Kinley,
Asst. Sec.-Trews.
Fort Coulonge every Wed .nesday and Shawvllle every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
HULL
Will attend Courts and. Business in the
District of Pontiac.
It Is, os far as we know,
She keeps on till the
191 MAIN ST-,
GEORGE E. MORENGY
DOMINION * PROVINCIAL LAND SURVIVOR
CARVED JADE.
Cleaning White Kid Gloves,
Put the gloves on your band and wash with a clean white soap and rinse | it Takes Chinese Patience to Work in gasoline. Remove from hand, turning the gloves right side out and roll i when you g0 into an oriental shop In cornstarch. Wrap them In a towel jn any b*g city you are almost sure to and let them remain in this condition %ee ring8 or necklaces or bracelets overnight, then shake out the corn- j * h nre a pretty, clear green In col-starch and you will find your gloves vr and are made out of jade. If you as soft and white as If you had sent agg tbe gbopman to tell you something them to the cleaner to be < leaned.
Gasoline is lnflsmmable and must not be used where there Is a light or a fir»*
ALL KINDS or
i»lant, Lines, Boundaries, Ac.
This Hard Oriental Stone
Executed carefully to the eattefao-
Hull.
102 VVkllinotox St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
about Jade be will answer that the true Jade Is seldom found outside of Asia and Oceanic#, but that In these parts of the world It is to be had in considerable quantities.
“There ere two sides to every srgo- You. of course, know that a disaient," said the ready made pbUoso- mon<j la M bard that It will scratch
pber.	gln»s, but perhaps you have not heard
“Tee,” replied the gloomy person, |bal jade jg a|*o extremely tough and “but It makes a difference which side	cut g;aga and quartz Because of
you choose. There are two sides to a ltg greal hardness the man who carves piece of fly paper."	H mugt possess vast patience, and the
¦----- Chinese ore almost the only people
sufficient patience and per
“THere's one sure * ay of keeping | sutence to carve designs In Jade
make numberless art!-
GEORGE HYNES
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
ParsonaHttention.Openallhours.
The Two Sides.
<
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
The undersigned offer* for sale her wel known property, situated on Main Street, Village of Shawvllle. (opposite Methodist chutch.) Large dwelling house In good repair, and large plot of ground, fronting on Main and Lang Streets. For terme
•"“L^SartinBOir.
•	ShawVllle.
True.
s to tbe lay-
Essy as the ascent
nan, a superficial examination of tbe K',nl fiacta will prove It a difficult êlimb, bat
os a forlorn bops.—Richard Smith to Leslie's Weekly.
Tbe Chin
clea out of Jade-paper weights, handles for swords, belts, bangles, rings, vases, cups, pistes, pendants, and so on.
Jade Is far from cheap to buy. Nowadays fine pieces of Jade are Just as much valued among collectors as are fine painting* for their great beauty
out of debt."
“What la Itr
“Quit wanting things you can’t afford.".
W. J. HAYES
¦HAW VILLE
AIN STRUT
¦¦ SS .	within proper fortlBcatioos et vmrlooi „
(opposite J. H. Shsw . 1 ,tr«teglc point, where they but ef-
' assc: " ©ss?S

no
VILLAGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
Hie Thought.
"I'd like a little pin money again, my
•re of U heavy caliber or power as
am
gmwm
So. then, if some
-n^ren., .re you buying d..moo« I «d	of
1 ed Jade, you will understand that you have a present which not only would be valued highly today, but one which many peoples In all limes would have
weaetrei	— *	. ? .
For sale a property situated oe tbe north side of Lang 81., being lot No. MS. A good dwelling house, stable, kite heu and well. Very centrally particulars a^ply to
Sinks Rapidly.
“What #a a sinking fund, Johnnyr
r INVKN-
!n all countries Ask for TOR 8 ADVISER.which will be sent fr
MARION 6 MARION.
M4 University
E. E.MrCUAIG.
“Pa a bank account when tbe bills

Shawvllle Qua.
154
In."
###PAGE###6###
TW
This Advertisement

ET/îe
\

' l
ASSAM Teas for Economy
may induce you to try the first packet of
V
I
I
Assam teas are the strongest and richest grown. It is of these teas that Red Rose Tea chiefly consists. That is why it yields the
very large number of 230 cup# to the pound—at the cost of about a cent • for five cups, and every cup rich, strong, delicious tea.
Kept Good by the Scaled Package
A
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.


-
R
but wc rely absolutely on the inimitable flavour and quality to make you a permanent customer. Wc will even offer to give this first trial free if you will drop us a postal to Toronto.
Lea##* XIV. Canning Fruit*.
civilization has destroyed many of Drain well and then pack in is ln!i mWl d. f.ruits> except in the forest shaking the jar so that you can fill in
^	T^nUim ïeg‘on8,’ 80 that at Pre many berries as possible without
The rest will be devoted to relieving ‘ n ,#e	. % fruits known to us are crushing. Fill the jar with hot
distress and comforting the needy. ? vmtivated with the exception of syrup, put on the rubber and lid, tight-Your conduct will l>e watched, and n#	. . i en partly then put in-hot water hath
you may expect another visit if you .•	,	y*«r* modern methods have and process for eighteen minutes after
do not reform.” The note was signed, j nated from the nouas much of the boiling has started. Remove and
srf&Hrs-SS EE	FAMOUS HOAXES
Making good his word. Johnson 'mporUnt art slip from her.	1/°.^'' ®'’d C°°k for flve
:	! 52	—
tha " ha sT.ee,', re t u rne<U w, 11 ’ "urt'?n ^ andU.Ï1' 1	tVtaUthe	A boil.7 for^thil" p^JÎse can be	Captaln	Emp,0’re	CleT,r	Rus«
a respectable business, and am now * . ve„,.tlh|“ ’ * of cannlng her fruita purchased which has a removable tray.	to Deceive Submarine in the
grateful for what seemed at first to i. _g	This boiler will last many years if it is
a.ia^tssrftçs^
money, for I shall not prosecute them ^c,,nlv	i home means iargp |otg. You will find that two or war one which millions believed for pers. Hooray for the horse chestnut!
in any event.”	i t 1	a"J‘ watchfulness, three hours' work at one time will be a t,mp at least—was the story that But they are not going to shoot it ml
While Johnson was writing the let- Usj iabP ^	lî!Sii as much as y°u van successfully ac- from 100,000 to 200,000 Russian troops the Germans. The horse chestnut
The Lean	tor’. however, Kelly was proceeding in With wkillful handling of fooda* ualnm ' compIi,h/ A.feW Jars ^one carefully had arrived in England from Archan- crop is being harvested in England
SfiS EHp	B	iE	i Et
having tried all the windows, attacked when Kelly finished his investiga- rV.m. âre ,he nM nî?Jf,	. berries. raspberries, blackberries, shadea drawn doWB an<> a‘ any mo- : ties of grain used in connection with
msammsmmimmm
SSEBes	SS
SKMi
1 he steel reach. The detective, ultimately, gave enough to hold jars intended to be	STRAWBERRIES	single Belgian used his ticket When ! pnce
-c-..™ '.£• -V-:HEEEHBk	_ B-E ™-EF
word m protection for the strong case thllt mipht demand the.attention jars; andI will save fingers from beingi	To Make a Fruit Juice	auditor, a German Landsturm ;	m n If W+ n
mm
classes in order that they might be in- rubbers just before using. This not amj preserving depends alone upon to announce a Teuton victory. Every* Solute thoroughness, — when formed on every possible topic that only steril lies t hem, but a so makes | abgolut€ sterilisation. Work with where appeared German, Austrian,	^ you think of clean-
dirigibles, to drop bombs on \Nall and small ones in separate dishes, rubbers. Always examine each jmn reached the end of lus resistance. |	parcel dearly to recehr-
street an< 1 destroy as many buildings This is not only necessary for the	before Starting to store to see that it	flerer and Profitable	TT	«^^ing dept
as possible	sucres of the fruit itelf. but also for	is in perfect condition. Fruits can- . Merer and I rofilabb	*	^	K	P xxrrxt>^c
(To be continued-)	the appearance of the fruit	j ned by this method will cost one-quar- A profitable hoax was played upon PARKER S DYE WORKS
. /~v 4 ¦ i .VT dditico vPTPD 4\i Small clips can be bought for five	ter of the price of canned goods pur-4 a German submarine off the coast of
A uALLA> 1 1mlll. n VfclKKA.v. cents to hull berries with, saving both	chased during the winter.	;	Ireland by the^captaln of the steam-
the appearance of the hands and of Note—Water in boiler should reach ship Director. Suspecting that at any
Put the hulled fruit in two-thirds of depth of jars.	| foment the Director might be In the
O
I
8
<3

ars.
b tu
A
IM
^2Q
PÜDPLE
danger zone, he Instructed the ship's carpenter to saw a big square spar Into three pieces, which the crew painted black. These pieces of wood were then mounted as if they were gunm.
When a submarine approached the skipper of the Director pointed the A PRACTICAL JOKE PLAYED BY Quaker guns at the U-boat, which ^¦^^^^^^^^¦¦¦^¦¦¦promptly	to go down again
without waiting to fire a torpedo. The Director, with Its false guns, fled at top speed and got away safely.
MASK
& (trace (\uvc\rd
PEOPLE OF BRUSSELS.

Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
Even Horse Chestnuts Are Useful.
*
THIRTEENTH EPISODE
we
$

pled brick and concrete shell was warped and twisted beyond
discuss the case
”ly * -1 EHEHBESi	ra
“There is nothing we can do,” said	^ ^	^	^	^	_____ ____ __
Kelly, ‘except to follow the clues we an(j ^ possible, the entire financial t° the boiling point and then remove
sms sut or^ssra .•«*•*» v»'k ............................. ...........
hâve been the subject for this attack
jfjou got your money in a different ^assw inlrdeT that'thêy might be in- rubbers just before using
Johnson’s indignation almost overcame
him almost in a state of nervous collapse, and to have Kelly turn against him brought his emotions to a climax.
44You get these people and I’ll prosecute them to the limit!" shouted Johnson. “It’s nothing to you or anybody else how I got my money—anyhow, it's gone, and I’m a ruined
Kelly, somehow, could not bring himself to a very sympathetic state,
concerning Johnson.__ I
And before leaving, to continue his efforts to capture the Purple Mask,
Kelly took occasion to let Johnson .	_	.	...	.	_
know that there would be little help An Englishman living at Exeter,
extended to him by the authorities in now seventy-foflr years of age, who
any effort there might be made to at the age of seventeen fought as a Resistance of the Air Has Important prosecute the people who had carried ( volunteer under Garibaldi in Southern
off his ill-gotten fortune.	Italy and Sicily, is gallantly doing his.	,
But when he was alone Johnson sat	to free England from the Ger- "hat 18 the amount of energy con-
He wa. arouaed from his reverie by yoke of Austria. On his allotment in	pn"*'	.
a knock at his door. When hia house- Exeter he la growing a belt of wheat	Nobody seems to have the figure
keeper entered the room, she placed which he sowed last October. Since handy, but It is big. And it has an a bulky package on thf table, and hia Italian campaign he ha» served important bearing upon the deatruc-
_	. 4. . .	1 over twenty years aa a Devon Volun- tive usefulness of a twelve-inch gun.
=asiwur.=s iSëSrSsïs
table before him was the message that he was present at the jubilee of I tali- •Pepd makes the air resistance tnorm-had been left pinned to his colt, when an independence, held in Rome, with ou*dy greater.
the Purple Mask had left him helpless. ' geven other British survivors of the A twelve-inch shell in flight uses up
####### mm m
fastened to the top of the bills read father of the present King of Italy, three miles, thus:	' and he retains a vivid recollection of
44Here is one-third of the money tak-1 the conversation he had with the king, en^froiiMrot^by^friendg °^ ********** ! who received the British volunteers In
r audience st the palace.

man."
UNITED
•	791 YONGE STREET
TORONTO
4i
Fought as a Volunteer Under Gar!- the berries.
baldi For the Freedom of Italy.
1
not of steel. It is the air, the resistance of which (at long distances) slows down the enemy's big shells, so that the steel plates become a fairly adequate protection.
GUN RANGE ANI) AIR ARMOR.
Your Red Cross Guild and Soldiers' Comfort Funds can be substantially Increased. Interesting and profitable employment for young and old. Good prices paid for mixed colored rage, sewn and made into balls, In lota of fifty pounds or more. What have you to offer ? Write to-day.
NORRIS PATTERSON, LTD., MAIL BUILDING, TORONTO
MIXED
RAQ8
Bearing Upon Sea Warfare.
Over 800,000 working girls in Japan are under 20 years of age.

z

I
o
A
This, of course, Is the reason why sea battles nowadays are conducted at long ranges. They have to be. For two battleships to seek an encounter at close range would be mutual sul-
A,
i A
A
Redpath refining methods produce no second grade sugar. We make and sell one grade only—the highest—so that you will never get anything but the best under the name of Redpath.
"Let Redpath Sweeten it "
Canada Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal.
Wl
#
sad
Slides
Lantern

Anemones are good winter flowering
ful shades of scarlet, rose, white, lavender, etc planted now in pots and If desired the j pots can be set away in cold frames 1 for spring flowering.
Leater*
cide—as If the two duelists were to
The flowers are beaut*.
fight within touching distance, each with his pistol held against the other's breast.
At short range no armor will resist heavy projectiles. But the armor on which the battleship mainly relies is;
Rental List and Catalogue oa
L
mh
i^nf#rne supplied to Churches and School* at lowest prices
The tubers should be
*
10,20, 50 end 100 lb. Bags.

###PAGE###7###
Eating for Health and
Strength calls for intelli-
It is estimated that it costa $34 to gent food Selection. It is feed a dog one year. On this basis easy to keep in tôp-HOtch
general expense to the farm if they low COSt if yOU know Shred-ispensefi with theft dogs, ;is it only coats about $00 or $70 to 1 I a go: Î
, and five sheep can be kept on th 100 per Cent, whole wheat—
nothing wasted, nothing
contains

>1
cries <
arm iro
t


Lantic
Sugar
m
- »
V, A
I
V,
111
Conducted by Professor Henry G. Bell
Ve




ded Whcwi Biscuit. It is


%
cow
game amount of food as one cow. The
neighbors1 sheep would be ?a fer, t< ¦¦ IH I
if yi’u feed four lambs by the thrown away thimbleful you can nbt expect to get more real body building nu-
r,"uV.r wir	triment than meat, eees or
paature it takes from two to three potatoes and COStS ITiUCil bushels of corn per hundred head ]ess# pu\\ Qf nutriment,
W*Somii method of marking the ewes tasty and toothsome. Most when bred is advisable, a simple people like the nutty aroma
method in to mark the ewes with paint f th ^aked wheat, CSped-making one mark on the hhoulders of	,	...	,	.
i red the first week, two mark» ally when served WltJl not
Delicious with sliced peaches, bananas and other
W Grapes
N green or ripe, in jelly,
spiced oonservea, or Hr	simply preserved in light
L	synip, make a delicious
and inexpensive addition to your winter supplies.
"Purt and L'ncoJarvd m
I* the Ideal sugar for nil preserving, beea uso of its FINE Granulation.

The object of this department la to place at the aer. / , vice of our farm readers the advice of an acknowledged ' | authority on all subjects pertaining to eolle and crops. f 3
Add re as all questions to Professor Henry O. Bell, In V care of The^Wlleon Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, \ J •nd answer» will appear In this column In the order In y which they are received. Am space la limited It la advls- \ able where Immediate reply le necessary .that a stamped > and addressed envelop® be enclosed with the question when the answer will be mailed direct
>
Ifl

7/-«P


Cank B«»oLe »rnt free fer lt-d Ball Trade-mark
ATLANTIC SUÇA R REFINERIES
5a
Henry G. Bell
133

%

FÜMcC.:—I have a gravelly, sand a good stand of grain and will increase soil, on which I want to sow rye and the yie’d and better the quality of the
then	(!:"(>l9kJ||||||l|ll|l||||||l||||j|||||||||||i||||||||||jl|||||||l||||||l||||
When thou Id I sdw the sweet clover,
'//*

a

ewes
for th of tlx- ec( nd wee '., etc. A : the lambing time approaches, the ewes may be separated and placed in suitable quarters. Where the ram fresh fruits, with the ewes a good scheme
A. 11.:—I would like to have you give In th. fall or in. the spring, and how j me information an to the culture o much »eed per acre?	horseradiah, and how they marker
Answer:—I would advise your sow-, same. I notice it is quoted in
ing the rye in the fall and the /and markets, at so much per dozen, would	---- rung
mmmmm
ïïE&i* iïüssi sr*satura .settS.'S	....... ..........................	...
to amount to sow per acre,, H bushel planted from 3 to 5 inches below the	^ Q d animai {8 the first requisite for success in life. —Spencer.	Meat Shortage in England.	. ¦* g° t0 1>U> a	\ ^
**!*¦*es
10	to cuttings or	sets	I	do not And	any	of the druggist) instead of sugar. The	starches of any kind, wheaten bread	two-thirds of the pre-war norma .	The best substitute for nature’s own
It"will insure standard of	weight nor size of bundle,	bowels must move once a day. There	or biscuits, corn bread, barley, rice,	The declining scale of prices on live-	provision ia to stand the horse in a
medicines appropriate to the in-	rye bread, arrowroot, sago, macaroni,	stock adopted in (treat Britain is ex-	Wrongly built trough of water or in a
dividual case which the family doctor	tapioca, vermicelli, potatoes, parsnips,	pected to relieve this condition. The	cjay pU(](]ie from two to four hours
must prescribe. And the diabetic beets, turnips, peas, carrots, melons, government’s fixed price for cattle once a month.
dietary must be faithfully adhered to. fruits, puddings, pastry, pies, ices, for September is $17.76 per 100 Give the team a pail of water in Such an one is the following:	. honey, jams, sweet or sparkling wines, pounds, for October $17,28, for No- middle of the forenoon and after-
Soups or broths of beef, chicken, cordials, cider, porter, lager, chest- vember and December $16.08 and for mutton, veal, oysters) clams, terrapin nuts, peanuts, or turtle (not thickened with any QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS By Irene Stillman.	farinaceous substances) beef-tea.	Systemic Infection.
look upon stories as relate tales is acquiring a poise that Shell fish and all kinds of fish, fresh, % have been troubled the past year very efficient “mothers* helpers" and will serve him well in his adult busi- salted, dried, pickled, or otherwise .	nerves. Have headache !.	,	. . .	,	,	..	.
-henj "! **gsr* <~ i”“m‘	«*• •*-*.-»•*•>£<£tfrssAS ? sz lit 5i.tr
"	» ,1" “	An3i E„, Ü, any way	VaVV,.,.. «. '..“..mU.	S'*3S" IÏi '>	d"”“" " ^	«“
j&rzxss Js ifr i;s. ts. rv,:;j
iuuk nut uyvii vu* iiuimiw v*. wc*voi ov>.«,	***«	sage, kidneys, pig’s feet, tongue, tripe easily and lack my usual ambition. NIGHTINGALES OF FLANDERS. 'How are the tomatoes coming on ?
wasted upon an un- shops, so that one may have such a ^ ’coohcd free of flour, potatoes, Answer—Ears never run wax; there '	‘	_ the gardener asked the wife of the
raent,	realize (book Jo keep and refer to from tim«|bread> or crackers).	is a purulent discharge, something The nightingales of Flanders,	new summer resident
more than nerves. There is an mfec- ^ have not gone to war;	“I’m rather afraid that we than t
tious process going on in your system. A Boldier heard them singing	have any,” was the reply.
See a doctor at once, lest you come t0| whvre thcy had 8Ung before.	“Why, I thought you said you d
a serious pass. You have neglected	planted half your garden?”
the signs of ear trouble, probably also The earth was torn and quaking, “j djd; but I forgot to open the of the mastoid process behind the ear.| The sky about to fall;	cans.”
The nightingales of Flanders They minded not at all.
At intervals he heard them Between the guns, he said,
Making a thrilling music Above the listening dead.
Of woodland and of orchard And roadside tree bereft,
The nightingales of Flanders Were singing, “France is left!”
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
By John B. Huber, M.A., M U
Made in Canada.

ten days, how sure
ex-
from 2 to 3% ammonia 12% phosphoric acid.
are
BEDTIME STORIES HAVE IMPORTANT
PART IN CHILD TRAINING
when doing the fall plowing.
noon
Water refreshes the horses as well as
January $14.40.
It was
ratio of prices will bring out the cat- As far as the light-legged horse is tie ready for market immediately. concerned, he is practically doomed. The shortage of /odder in Holland The motor car has taken his place.
man.
Personally, I
training, for I have known them to	¦ ¦
tamo the wildest and most unruly of in the art, if that is possible kiddies.	Therefore when little Mary	it usually is,	for there	are many	ex-
Ann or	Johnny. Jr., comes to you with	cellent books	upon the	art of story-
the world-old childish plea of “Tell me telling that can be obtained at the a story, please,” look not upon the libraries or, better still, at the booktime conceded as productive* amusement
thoroughly that before you is an op- to time.
portunity to give youth a hypodermic An instinct! ely cruel child, where	,	, .
of almost any virtue which you would animals were concerned, was taught stance, gluten foods of known gluten like it	to have under its tender skin	kindness to them and	even love	for	percentage/	whole wheat	containing
and so	mold the coming generation	them and the	desire to	protect by	the	g^en	beyond	that	of	ordinary	fari-
*	*| |,	j effective animal stories related to him naceoul foods (so-called gluten breads
sometimes contain quite as much
True glutens—gum gluten, for in-
nearer to your heart's desire.
A story may be made the sugar by his older brother, coating of a moral pill which	^	1 - *
VSMMÊèWÊMMêê
altogether that it frequently succeeds great consideration. These reasons	themselves hungry enough when Mrs.'
In tucking the unwilling child into bed are usually in the form of legends and	Ruth's Rainy-Day Box.	pay appeared with a tray of goodies
when, without its timely assistance, ancient tales, there being one or more Ruth waked that morning with a gn(j to|d them *3 set the round tea
It acts, to fit almost every-case wherein the feeling that something lovely was hap- tabie
child must give obedience. So effec- pening, and it was. The raindrops There was milk in the tiny glasses, tively do the Indian parents tell these were pattering on the window, play- gnd -n pitcher besides; there were revered legends of their racé that a jng tag and leapfrog as they scurried gandwichesf fruit, and such lovely lit-impression is left upon the lit- down to say, “How do you do. to the cookies shaped like birds’ nes s, uns’ minds and characters. I sleepy flowers.	only instead of eggs there was jelly in
would say that the wily Indian par- R^h dressed like a whirlwind and the middle.	#	«_	,
enta have the happy and wise habit of ran down to remind her mother that After luncheon, which took a long eager-coating their pills into tempt- L wag raining—and, best of all, it time, with washing and putting away ing goodie.!	w.. Saturday!	the ji.hes, the giif. played with paper
Right Kind of Stories.	,.So m j telephone Louise to come doll.. .But the best game J"™* to
fflMSPBS Blag»
ment, end tho -lection of their atory4elliag.I want th*. «^Yegood	going to be a wet Autumn."	ton and put in . kettle deep enough to bread pan. Bake In a .low oven one
bu earaf ess 35 % «auBWSS	sk ™. meueit o. ». ™	v.r
asg&sg siHusas iMséü-51 s rssSs sssss* ===r=-~
àelleT hold!: j the floor should never subtly taught in story orm, ¦ _ oe	giggles end criee of de- thought to be even smaller, hut the ture for half en hour. Remove from fine sieve or colander. Do not peel
he Interrupted or corrected	This gave in	ZZ	light the girls bent over the treasure i.„gth Qf its heed and body le often	tbe fire and cool rapidly, taking care	the apples. Cook the vinegar, sugar
thr children •	common	bitvr^t end	p	^ Ldeed Is thTTlltle one who has	** * *n,l with quick flngere brought two and a half inches, while that of	that the bottlee do not break. The	end spices until very thick, stirring
¦BStem feSï ÉSP =5-3ffi=ë5iSHS5Sâ5S5 =S a- =5=
, #ye# and the love of Its heart	flow#red dlehea,—even tiny glasses ere eo extremely smell that a lens is	the utensils, bottlee, etc., are kept In •	with paraffine. This is fine for the
to beer you *W#te e tale of your	with watar pitcher,—and • „ little required to detect them.	place of their own, away from other	children and grown upe. It is delici-
y«W. •3”	t>lu« J.pan-e tonck-n cloth snd nap-	_ {.on-hold uUn.lla.
- - - a a ^
The same lit-put tie lad was taught to love nature by beg stories of “green things agrowin’.”
Pueblo
The word “junker” has frequently been used in connection with the Prussian Government, and there is inquiry as to its meaning. A “junker” (Jung-herr) is the scion of a noble house which has devoted itself to military service; a member of the aristocratic party in Prussia which came into power under Bismarck when he was made Prime Minister.
(
)
I
mother would have failed, properly selected, as a quietus for all the turbulence of the long day, and so brings the childish mind into an ideal state for slumbering peacefully and restfully throughout tne night. It is, of course, understood that bedtime stories particularly shoufd not be of the exciting kind or contain any ferocious dragons, giants, pirates or similar characters which might haunt the little folk’s dreams.
As a rule, I thoroughly disapprove of bribes, but the story will often prove a most seductive and harmless reward for good, behavior while a rebellious child is being undressed for dressed In the morning. Thn story should be told during tne pro-cees. Thus no time will be wasted by the mother and the child’s concentrated attention upon the story will make him or her easier to handle.
Peacemakers.
Your
vNem
¦s ha
?nj

tie
K?
IV
Conducted 6y ftnâJtbCvn/àur
The
bed or
tea-
Cut
made
èm
. V X*
HIGHEST PRIOIS MID
rouLîûj m™...
•ad
al
-+
AU tkf te>i > e lints In l jhave been pet wNr gwnd.
5»»
##
###PAGE###8###
FALL WEATHER
Canadian Pacific Railway
Îl6 Milo Boot aoù Ste Stoie
Reminds us that.the cold season is not faraway, that our home comforts should be looked after at once. Our furnaces may need re;* 1rs, or some new stove pipes may be wanted ; or perhaps we may need a new stove—as this is one of the greatest of
all home comforts. If we go to PALh 8 wc are sure of getting an article which will give the greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction. He keeps several styles of the latest makes.

Ottawa to Montbeal (via Short Line) —
Leave Ottawa Central daily, 0 a m., 6.20 a.m., 8.46 a.m.;, 6.4* pm
41 daily except Sunday, 4 p m.
Broad Street daily, 6.36 am., 6.66 a.m.
Ottaw a to Montreal (via North Shore)—
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 8.30 a. in.; 6.16 p.m
Ottawa to Maniwaki—
liCave (>ttawa Central daily, except Sunday, 4.40, p,tn.
*»	**	** Sunday only, 0.00 a.m.
" o Broatl St. Tuesday and Friday only, 8.46 a.m.
N|EN'S WORK BOOTS
44
44
When you are in need of a good substantial boot to keep your feet dry and comfortable, remember we are in a position to give you the best to be procured on the market
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
&. W. DALE
Ottawa to Presi'OTT—
Leave Ottawa Central daily, except Sunday, 10.16 a in.;
Ottawa to Waltham—
Leave Ottawa Broad St. daily, except Sunday, 6.00 p. m.
44 Shawville for Ottawa daily “	“	, .36 a. in
C. A. L. TUCKER,
Agent Shawville
4.46, p in
i
r
When you require Printing
call at
PUBLIC NOTICE
Tax Notice.
MEN’S PURE WOOL SOCKS
Province of (juetiec,
School Municipality of Shawville.
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality \\\ni the Collection Boll of School Taxes as established by the school commissioners of this municipality is now completed and remains in my office during the next 30 days for the inspection of all parties interested, and that on Saturday, miter the 10th, it will be brought forward and homologated, with, or without further amendment. Such delay having expired it shall come into force and every person whose name appears on said Boll is hereby requested to call at the secretary's office during the next 20 days after the said November 10th, to pay the amount of taxes assessed on their property, without further notice.
E. T. HUDGINS,
Secretary.
Given at Shawville, this Toth day of October, 1017.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Twenty days are given for paying the School faxes of the Municipality of Clarendon.
headquarters for them in colors
M. A. MvKINLEY,
Asst. Sec.-Tress
we are
white, dark, gray, khaki, and light gray,
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
Shawville, Oct. 20, 1917
i
at very interesting prices.
Horses for Sale.
1 pair Matched Colts, dark grey ; off and 2 off; full brother and sbtvi weigh about 2900 ;x)unds.
1 year-old Hackney.
1 4 year-okl Hackney.
4 span work Horses.
Also Waggons and Harness.
It. .1. HAMILTON,
Shawville.
We also carry a full range of FINE HOSIERY in Men’s, Women’s and Children’s.
3
%
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
ovt
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Stray Mare
Strayed on to the premise» of the undersigned on Oct. 9th, a black mare with white sjN>t on fare. Owner i> roll nested to conic and pay expenses incurred, and remove animal at once.
R. McJ AN ET,
Yarfh, Que.
P. S—Mitts and Gloves.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
ml ut your outings your
A PARK PICTURE.
Keep a ret children and your stock, by purchasing a kodak. 1 have a complete stock from
H. IMISON.
Local and District.
Oct. 16, 1917
Imaginative American Described C anadian City-
How
Mr. Tlios. Abbott lms leased the property known as “ the Cowley farm, ' Via t endon Front
Stray Heifer
81.26 up
The war has hit Toronto hard enough, but not to the extent pictured by the imaginative visitor from West Virginia who gave the following interview to an Atlantic City newspaper:
"Toronto is a city of sorrow,” says J. O. Young, of Buckhanno, W. Va. Mr. Young has been taking bis vacation in Canada for a number of years and returned recently from a trip to the Dominion.
He states that it has been interesting during the past three years to watch the progress in the public sentiment and activities of our Northern neighbors, as the tragedies of the war have been bearing upon, them with increasing weight
in Toronto when war was de-
The Rev. Vims. He id will preach
Strayed on to my property at mill Sept. 2Mli, a yealing heifer. ( >wner may have the animal hy proving property and paying expenses.
niiu Litchfield.	10.30a. m.; St. Matthew’s, North
$1 no for Smokes from Mr. Perc) Clarendon, at 7.^' p. m McCredie, of Vim plena. Ont., who dropped in to pay his sub. a tew days ago. We extended our thanks in behalf of the Canadian trench dwellers.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
JOHN II. BROWNLEE
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Shingles for Sale.
load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for sale. Apply to
H. T. ARGUE,
Shawville, Que.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Prize Winners Ensilage Corn
Competition.
\ car
1.	Thomas McDowell
2.	W. Armstrong;
3.	H. T. McDowell;
V James Carswell;
5, XV. H. D,,d<;
M, Robert Dale,
7, Roy Duff. ______
The Kansas City stock yards — one of the largest establishments of the kind in existence—was the
scene of an appalling tire a few days. It i< reported that 14JNN) head of cattle perished. The tire is believed to have been of incendiary origin.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Mr. Young
Province of Quebec,	was
Municipality of Clarendon.	dared in August, 1914, and says that
Householders ol this municipality, that ^ front, and last year the country the Collection Roll of Municipal I axes, had settied down to the serious bust-as established by the council is now negg 0f the struggle
mpleted and will remain in my office however, the traveller states, condl-during the next 30 days for the inspcc tlons are appalling, tion of all parties interested, and that on “A companion and myself were at Monday, November 6th it will l>e the King Edward Hotel,” said Mr. brought forward and homologated, with, Young, "for dinner one evening and
KUÊBBH
.ml Roll is hereby request* <1 t" « all King E(jwar(j j8 the largest hostelry
at the secretary s othce during the next ^ Toronto
20 days after the said NovvinU-r 6th. the m00(| f0r the gaiety of hotel life,
and pay the amount of taxes assessed for in almost every home there is a their projertv without further notice, vacant chair that will never be filled,
E. T. HODGINS, and trains are daily bearing to the
Secretary, city car loads
Given at Shawville this Mb .lay ul '"'^t^atre. and moving picture
shows are deserted and the churches are crowded
work is being done by women or men who are too old, or boys who are too young, to bear arms dered, grey-bearded men are motor-and conductors on the street In the stores one is frequently
H. XV. Hodgins, Secy
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Every Man Whether Rejected or Not Must Register.
It is nut generally known that
Poor people in C anada, who cannot afford to use butter at the abnormally high figure at which it is	— , . ¦ ,	,
selling, have now the privilege of all men within Lias» 1 must apply substituting oleomargarine/»* the for exemption regardless of what Government has raised the em- c lass they may be placed in by the bargo «m the importation and medical authorities. Men placed manufacture of that article.	in Class “K by the medical boards
are, of course, declared unfit for
R J. Hamilton last week bought service in Canada or oversea a. fnitn John Griffin of Calumet I- »"t there i- a mistaken idea pro-
55	tpzia
farmer, a short time ago also sold -po-iking. that he has not to fn HI the wool from J4 sheep for the the exemption rules. Naturally,
8um „f	The above are in a ease of ( lass h total rejee-
merely given as instances of how turn would automatically mean prices are running with regard to exemption. Hut despite this fact live stick	nil men in the first class are I*
;(jmred to apply for exemption.
"&&&&£ !_!
seriously ill and removed to X\ a ter	The use of the "swagger stick”
St. Hospital, where he was very	~	aas been misunderstood by many of
successfully operated upon fur ap Distribution of Seed Grain :he American soldiers coming from peudicitis on Saturday, 13th. His	and Potatoes.	across the line to be trained here. In
mtny friends will be pleased to	Canada, recruits, at any time during
know he is progressing favorably )h; him ruction* uf the Hon. .he 1&8t thre€ year8, have, in certain, towards recovery under the skill- MuiMcr oi Agriculture a fiee ill- ltage8 of their training, almost infill treatment of his attending tribut ion of superior ^orts oi grain viably carried these little canes ¦	|	“|and potutoe- will be made «hiring wben off duty, not through affecta-
the coming winter and spring to Uon or vanity, but simply because
m$m Wmm
¦e
i: is; jïïïïru’îï:.......
secret of the formula of preparation as she proceeded with her work, and furnished also other
useful hints pertaining to the Wanted, in the hand# of the under cnlliimry art. At the conclusion signed not later than one o’clock, Satur of the demonstration, in which hlie	p. m., the 17th November, 1917,
had the assistance of Miss Mar- ten(it.rg for the supply of firewood for guerite Barnett, the ladies of the Schools of the Township. Hard home-maker** chibs, showed then wnfM|__g0O(|i mound, body wood—beech.
:E55fc~M.°.w.,.l,,„V5"u5i*	-n. "« -•«*
ing to Min- Babb a hearty vote of [dry P"" thunk-, which w*» presented in becoming terms by the president,
Mrs. Wm. Hodgins. The function closed with the National Anthem.
This year,
vn
Custom Sawing*.
or
Oil H
Canadians are not in
on
of maimed and
October, 1917
POTATOES
WANTED
Practically all the
Mr-». ,
Me Nall
Stoop-shoul-
men cars
waited upon by a crippled clerk whose awkward manipulation of his artificial leg tells more eloquently than words the story of his misfor-
pbysician, Di. Evan*
tune
"The streets are crowded with young men, who two or three years ago were fine, stalwart fellows, the very flower of the Dominion, but now hobbling to or from their homes on crutches or dangling empty sleeves, old men at 25. Others have been frightfully burned and disfigured by the burning gases or the explosion of shells.
“Canadians, however, are very enthusiastic about the entrance of the United States Into the struggle and they have nothing but praise for the
in which our preparations being conducted, especially the adoption of selective conscription, which, Canadians are a unit In stating should have been adopted there at the outset of the war. Despite the suffering and grief that exists, there
and a female cat lu France that lived on ie confident belief in the ultimate
terms of perfect amity with all the anl triumph of the allied cause and the mais on the place-dogs, chickens and bitterness against Prusslanism Is so what not. It so happened that a ben great that suing for peace before^ which bad a brood of seven chickens complete victory has been achieved, w.8 killed accidentally. The cat. which would not be considered for a mo-some two weeks before bad been de- ment	- . .. ¦
ved of her kitten., appeared to ob-	Wood l*ulp.
i-SStaw* .SS5S
warmth, nestled into her wenn nir. ^ind last year
peeping gratefully. The chickens, fed ceased jn production were Quebec, by their owner, throve perfectly, and :^ntari0f and British Columbia, and every day the strange sight was pre- bos# which showed decreases were sented of tbelr following the mother cat New Brunswick and Nora Scotia the premises as If expecting her This change brings British Columbia foud after the manner of I back Into third place, which It oc-
:upied In 1914.
AT
The finished soldier would not think af putting his hand In bis pocket, but the soldier In the making Is likely, unless constantly on his guard, to be guilty of this breach of the rules. The youths who Jauntily and gayly swung swagger sticks at Valcartier, Quebec, and Aldershot, Nova Scotia, even one short year ago, have since become the heroes of Vimy Ridge and Hill No. 70.
The ancient industry of sugarplanting has been revived In Brasil.
DOVER’S
are
Loading* on Monday and Tuesday, Oct. 29 and 30.
manner
are
The Cat and the Chickens.
An authentic story tells of a mnlecst
ARCHIE DOVER
Wood Tenders.
Those which io-
M A. McKINLET,
Asst. Sec.* Treasurer,
School Mu. of Clarendon Shawville, Oct 22, 1917.
about to find t
