###PAGE###1###
I






O


No. 4, 35th Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, (jUE., THURSDAY, JULY 19,
*1.00 A YEA H IN ADVANCE.
1017
1 THE HARDWARE STORE t
Ttje Merchants Ban\ of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
Established 1864
ESTABLISHED 1874
OFFICERS S
PRESIDENT..... Sir II. Montagu Allan
VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Black well MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkhdkn GEN. MANAGER ..	..	I). C. Mac a row
t-npitrtl Paid Up Rest
$ 4,000,000 4,750,000
95 Offices in Canada
<
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets Nov. 30, 10,
*7,000,000 . 7,250,984 108,956,996
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada.’
# #
A Saving's Account
is mi aid and incentive toward systematic saving. Open an account now with a dollar or more, and promptly deposit your surplus cash where it will earn interest.
Haying Tools
# •
W hen sending money out of town always remit by money order The cost U small and they can be obtained at this bank, same are pay able at par at any bank in Canada. The rates are as follow s
S idO and under
5.00 to f 10___
10.00 to $10___
.'30.00 to $50__
Add 2c. or one 2c. stamp for War Tax
FOHT COULONUE IlRANt H. Camphells 13 a y Bran te. Portage dü Fort Branc h
J. A. McLatchir, Manager.
R. Lkger, Manager.
G. M. Coi.gvHOUN, Acting M er
3c
0

Binder Twine
10
15
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
w; F. DRUM A. A. REID

For Sale—1 Singer Sewing Ma chine—a bargain
PERSONAL MENTION
Manager. Shawville Manager, Quyon.
!
G. A. Howard.
KF" All rentals owing the Pontiac Rural Telephone Co. must be paid in this month (July) to R. \V. iloDulNS, Secretary.
Miss Ethel Hodgins returned last week from a visit to friends at Longueuil, Que.
Mr. Matt Wallace, Ottawa, spent the week-end with Morehead and Shawville relatives.
Miss Laura Woodley, arrived from Montreal on her summer vaction last Tuesday evening.
Mrs. Herbie Cuthbertson, of Wakefield, was among the visitors in town last week.

“Canada’s Best”
Z1G0WLINC
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL

Keep a record of your outings, your children ami your stock, by purchasing a kodak. I have s complete stock from
H. Imison.
J. H. SHAW. ]
SI.$5 Up
Ottawa, Ont.
m
$
OTTAWA, ONT
Confirmation Service Lord ah Ip Biship Farthing, who is making Ids annual visitation of the iwridies in Pontiac this week, will hold a Confirmation Service in St. Paul’s Church on Thursday evening at the usual hour.
ty We have to repeat the request that all money due this office for job printing or transient advertising be remitted or handed in without further delay, would like it understood that
is STRICTLY the CASH END of OUI business.
A Patriotic Lawn Social, under the auspices of the Girl’s Club, will be held at the home of Mrs. Roy
Mscfarlane, am Thursday, July 2o. A good program. Supper served from i\ to 8 p. ni. Admission 25 cents ; children 15
His

Our instruction Is Individual, find the
. Mlj» M. K, Thomson is occupy.I1
ing her residence at 1 ortage dili Our rates are |1U per monih ; do not Fort for the holiday season.	pav a cent more.
mother, Mrs. Armstrong, Clnren- Students are assisted to position*, don Front.	We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
AS:	%%% | tffi»
are visiting their father, Mr. Wm.
11. Hodgins.
Mr, Powles, sr., of Montreal. Miss Powles, Ottawa, and Mr. Dunn, brother-in-law, were over-Sunday visitors at Dr. Powles’.

Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Ings Advocate.
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
We
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
W. E.Gowmno, II. G. W, Braitiiwait President
this
Principal
I CAN PLACE 40
An Atlantic Voyage
i
Mrs. Albert	;m<
children, also Mb# Coughlin, of | Dksvrii.ed hy Former Member
of Equity staff.
WILLIS GRADUATES
Ottawa, are enjoying country lib-under canvas at More head station
EACH MONTH
The editor has been [levmittcd the perusal of a very interestin'*
Mr. C. H. Hodge, local demon
EÏEBHP1""' :: j!li:
iiiEHiEpgssSmi
Jan takes plate Sept, lbth _-1st. shorn of its identity as a distinc-
Pte. John Elliott, who came tive unit, and the men divided up across the herring pond a few to Mil the gaps in other battalions, weeks ago, arrived home Sat nr- which war’s wastage has occasion-day evening, also Pte. O'Connor of etl. Sam's letter, which in lengthy,
Litchfield, who was wounded some takes tj|e form of a descriptive time ago in France.	Mira tive of the voyage across the
_ *   (HT»an, and is interesting in its de-
SlâM fEEBB illlp
ifliWM Mmsm ###
& M 81v	:•« m pole which fell from where it warn	Wrf,	*'«*' -tore.
Arris y'	TO « resting ou the wall of the building,	Blrthe
*»»'» d-mllton. «7 I) °Ver b'“ ‘ . _	At London. Ont., on July M.tn
":??R P*ÆÏÏit. rn ••	mm.*. IU:,„V-P„,.,„,ion,	«"¦ A. 0. Brrn.gh, . ^ ««*•¦ E. u. o™„.„. An™,!.,.
Marjorie B. Hodgins, MH “ *re wel1 ln progress for the de- «AUgnter.	-—-
(Possible marks 1000).	velopment of the molybdenite de-
mote—Margaret Morehead ranks P°s,tsat Squaw Lake, discovered 10th highest in the province.	some years Ago by John Jarrell of
.	Otter Lake. The directing head
n .7“ 1TWI,;riTH , , Ân-hi,1	Bnfdlnv." who	totoj
The Twelfth of July célébra- up to a short time ago was si mi- Mrs. Hanna, of Radford, aged 3 Contract* made with Municipalities to tions throughout this district larly connected with the Woods months. Internment on Sunday manufacture Pipe» In their own localities, suffered the handicap of rather un- mine near Quyon, which is said to afternoon at Shawville cemetery, H- T McDowell A Son. Shawrllle Que. basant weather. Shawville l>e one of the richest in the world.4]following service at the house.  .-u . . . ¦¦ ¦  
Immbbbmsim»
BÉmssmi wbè
boys feel highly elated over bplng the supplies and machinery, and Memorial Service. - A mem or- brother of Mrs. W. J. Fade* of the winners of the first prize# ever eoine of the latter has already ial service to the late L. dorp. Shawville. won by any lodge in the County, gone forward frr.ro here. A com- John Howard, (who met his death Just a few month* over two years pressor, steam boiler and engine at the Battle or Vimy Ridge) wa* sHice its organization, the member- were the fliet consignment of the j held at 8t. Paul's Church on 8nn
ship has grown to over 121).	plant to arrive and a crusher ia day evening last. A large congre- A tragedy is reported to have
Going and returning by train, expected within a few days, gation was present. The Imp res- occurred at Sand Point on Monday |«M brethren and those who ac- Meanwhile a saw mill outfit fair-1 dve address of the rector on the wherein a returned soldier while rompnmed them, had the advent- chased at Otter I^ake, has been | occasion was supplemented by a out walking with a woman was age, at least, of escaping some of taken up to the site of the pros-1 few remarks from Bishop Far- shot dead by a rival, who then heaviest showers, and when pective industry, whose success ' thing, who field tribute to the fired at and wounded the woman, '‘home town was reached, 1 will mean much to the settler* of young men of Canada, who were and flnnlly turned the weapon up shortly after < p. m., conditions the neighborhood, who, because of so freely giving their lives in de on himself with results that are were favorable to a local parade, their isolated situation, many had fence of those principle* of liberty likely to be fatal. Twt Equity which was featured before the]to toll hard to make both ends and justice which are enjoyed coulu not ascertain the name* of brethren dispersed.	I meet	J under the flag of Britain.	any of the parties.
Employers ask me each month to supply them with an average of 40 young women young men and boys.
During the past year I have filled 250 good positions ; I have had calls for fully 250 more.
Our Shorthand training is universally recognized hy the largest employers in Canada as thjc standaki>.
We want to offer some bargains this month so have picked the following :
THEY ARE THE ONES WHO COUNT.
If you have the equivalent of a Public School education, and are fifteen years of age or older, we can train you to fill one of these good places and to secure one of the good salaries that are being paid.
Full particulars upon request. Do not delay.
Shawville Ranks Well.
The results of the Junior Matriculation exams, (McGill University) were published in the Mont-leal pa|>ers on Thursday last. These embrace the Grade XI Academy exams, throughout the
i
v l. Harrison, Principal WILLIS COLLEGE ¦
2 pieces light colored Dress Goods, reg. 75c.
OTTAWA
38
WANTED—At once, a good strong bov to assist with farm work. Apply to W. H. Corrigan, Shawville.

30
1 piece Blue Poplin, reg. 60c.

F. Hod


25
2 pieces Dress Goods reg. 50c.

APPRENTICE WANTED—A
young
«mart boy wanted at once to learn tin Mini thing. Apply to G. E. Wain man.
Deaths
15


2 pieces Dress Goods reg 30c

8
1 piece Palm Beach Cloth reg 25c
15
A few ends of our 25 inch light colored Prints
9
20 p. c. off all Ladies’ and Misses
STRAW HATS.
%



Tragedy at Sand Point
Flaymouth Binder Twine.
W. A. HODGINS
till*

X
t
###PAGE###2###
ô)«
\ I
only out ’ere for three months, and others----"
AN IDEAL ISLE OF EXILE
THE ANTWERP KO AD.
Æ
“GOIN’ •QME," AN EPIC OF THE TRENCHES
Better Even Than St. Helena ae a Safe Place of Exile for the Kaleer.
He walked away and disappeared In October, 1914, Henry Van Dyke
round the traverse.	Witnessed the Scene He Here
j “Vm sorry for ole Tom," said Spud-	n it_.
hole when the man left. "And a kid
^i too. It's ’ell. that's wot it is.	Along the straight, glistening road,
He lit a cigarette and puffed it through a dim arcade of drooping
i S i 5 B.,,	:
Yet they were in haste, all of these
The Idea of banishing the Kaiser to St. Helena In the event of an Allied victory Is often a favorite source of
By Patrick MacGill

The
businesslike manner, raises the hood,
. , fixes â couple of wires with a pair A car properly locked up or left with ^ pijerit starts his motor and drives l responsible garage keeper is rea- off Ev’en B policeman watching him sonably safe. The danger comes from	BUapect nothing. Yet the thief
As a matter of fact, however. St. He-	leaving	the car	unattended in the	. ma(je a cjeaJ1 getaway will, an ex-
leiia n seclusion Is far surpassed by Its	street.	Many a	man has left his ma-	miyfk car and left no clew,
nearest, yet far distant neighbor, chine with hardly a thought as to its ^he best safeguard Is to remove Tristan da t’uuha, In the South Atlan- safety and never has seen it again.	R()me important part of the ignition
¦ zæssrjtzx jssrA£rt rai	SÆt
e	nacceseible spot in an> aru) So a few suggestion* will be of in- ,jble. For Instance, removing the
eml'*fh' a„greal Wal;	terest.	First the owner must be im-	distributor brush is one of the besti
1	UM n 7 lto b e ,or lu prew‘nl	pressed	with the	necessity for taking	|f car is equipped with a magneto the
M <l n	some such precaution, as he will not ^collector-ring brush and the rod conV
make the effort unless he realizes the necting it to the distributor should M
mtgtttfglÊÊÊÊBÊÊÊÊÊÊBÊlKK^^M ___________ Any of these will make #'
Many ignition systems have locks gap in the circuit, which is not canily
WÊÊÊÊÊÈÊM bridged, as the thieves have not get
acquired the habit of carrying these extra parts with them.
Another way is to use a special switch controlling the starter current Have it concealed under the cowl dash, where no one would expect such a thing to be placed. Use o# of carrying 100 amperes and run you! starter wires to it With the safety switch open and the starting handle locked in the tool box, the thier will not experiment very long.
Another safeguard that employ! of the above methods is to lock
How to Protect Car from Thieves.
no more,
Where the bullets and shrapnel whistle and roar.
I want to go over the sea, Where the Allemong can't get me,
I want to go I want to go I want to go 'ome.
"Why shouludn't I doesn't matter
•>*»
do
asked.
at “Ten to one."
"I must see tht rflcer now about old men and women, fathers and mo-goin' away." said Spudhole, and he there and little children; they were
flying as fast as they could; either Fifteen minutes later he came beck, sway from something that they feared or toward something that they de-
left me
swearing violently
“Wot d'ye link o’ it?" he yelled, sin
Spudhole finished his song, adjusted his equipment braces, lit a cigar- "The eads, blame 'em! 'ave cancelled^ _H JH ette and leaned his elbow on the m>' bloomin' pass. Won’t allow me ter the tide on the road flowed in two diparapet and looked at me.	Vo* "V ehe«t is ,«* b»f One rection.	Trie,an. which la one of a group of
“Sixteen months," he said, empha- doeen t get no chance ere. I m sick Some fled away from ruined homes three gm&u |8landH ,lw ln tho 8outh
sizing each word. "Sixteen ole bloom- of the blamed doin's, sick, bloomin' to escape the perils of war. Some Atlantic on latitude's: south and lonel in’ months, and this the first leave. I well sick!"	•	- .fled hack to ruined homes to escape tude weg^ jg 2 qoo miles from
never thought I wanted a trip to “Who is going instead of you, Spud- the desolation of/exile. But all were the Cape of Qood Hopo j M0 from 8( on them and the owner carefully locks Blighty	as	much	as	I	do	now.	Six-	hole?"	I asked.	fugitives, anxious to he gone, striving	neieoa and 4 000 Lillee from Can#	the switch and removes the key, ignor-
teen months!"	he	repeated.	"Sixteen	“Ole	Tom, 'cos 'is kid's so queer."	along the road one way or the other,	Horn Ttl0 flr8t permanent settle-	ant of the fact that a good blow from
•ole months!"	I	1 looked at	Spudhole, and a queer	and making no	more	speed	than a	ment QU lhe laIand wae made b	a hammer will	break the lock. De-
"You aren’t nicknamed Spudhole for J lump rose in my throat. I gripped him	creeping	snails	pace	of unutterable	Thomas Currie, an Englishman, in	vk#	provided	with a good rrrange-
nothing," I remarked.	j by the hand and felt almost on the tatigue. z	Some of the latter settlers ment of tumblers are not open to this
“I haven't got a clean sheet. I'll say point of tears.	1 saw many separate things in the canie from (^pe Colony, a few from objection. But it is easy enough to
that." he answered. "It's as	dirty as j “Brazen it	out as you will, Spud-	1 i^e, and	remembered	them	without (	jta|y ^d Asia and from shipwrecked	raise	the hood	of the engine and reif it was on the bed of a	chimney-. hole, I know	what you've done." I	noting.	|	vessels. It was Americans, however,	move	the wires leading to the lock.
S'pose I couldn’t expect leave *nid, choking a little.	j A boy straining to push a wheel- wbo gave a fleeting glimpse of pros- This is not so difficult a trick as one
It's	not	“But	my sheet is not clean, any-	barrow with his pale mother in it,	perity to Tristan when they used it	' might imagine. A man leaves his
he muttered in a lame voice.	his two little sisters trudging at	for a port of can and ^paj^ BtAtion in	automobile at the curb near a restaur-
"But	your heart's good, matey,"	I	hl8 sllie- A peasant with his two girls	the great baling days before the	ant while he and his friends go inside.
"!.	j driving their lean, dejected cows back clvll War	u ig evident they intend to stay inside
He sat down on the flrestepf lean-1 Tom Green went home that night t0 some unknown pasture. A bony j jn tbat gtruggle, however, the Con- from fifteen minutes to an hour or ed his back against a sandbag and and the platoon commander saw that	tugging at a waggon heaped federate sea raiders destroyed Ameri- more. A thief walks out of the same
Spmlhulc went a fortnight Inter. j high with bedding and household c#Il pr§ Mtfwg in whaling forever, restaurant, goes up to the car in a “Seven days leave!” he	muttered.,	What the C. O. thinks of	Spudhole	Kear» 0,1 toP °f which sat the wrink-	. No regular liners, and oven	few
“And off to-night. Blimey	’(won't arf	1	do not know. One thing,	however,	led grandmother with the tiniest baby	tramps and sailing vessels
be some doin’s. Wot’ll I do when I	1 <1° know, and that is this: When the	in armSe while the rest	of	the	xrjstan to-day; the	population, who
get to the old Snoke? Nuffink much,	officers raised a collection	toward	family stumbled alongside	and	the	keep a few sheep and	cattle and grow
I s'pose, for wot wiv one thing and	Spudhole*» expenses on the	journey	va| xxas curled up on the softest	cov-	some wheat, potatoes,	peaches aud ap-
annover I’ll not be able to do nuffink.	home the C. O. topped the	amount	vr^vt in. *ae wagon. Two	panting	pie8f now numbers	but ninety-five
Then there’s my bird as 'as a barrer collected with a twenty franc note. dogs, with red tongues hanging out SOul8. They navigate between the
off Walworth Road and then------. But	*	"	and splayed feet clawing the road, three islands and are daring sailors.
wot's the good o' talkin'? Wots the	EAGLES THAT CHANGE	tugging a heavy laden cart while# the sheep wool furnishes the islanders
time?"	  master pushed behind and the woman	wjtb ci0thing material. Occasionally
“Twelve o'clock," I said,	looking at	National Flapo Will in Some	Instances	Polled at the shaft. Strange, antique	they are visited by a British	ship
Undergo Alteration After	War.	vehicles crammed with passengers,	bringing needed supplies.
The standard flags of nations will	! oup,es and gî*oups ?nd sometimes	The Islands were discovered in 1606
"Then	to	the	rail	'ead and then	undergo some slight alteration when	v *** c^pa,uvs foot travellers,	by the Portuguese admiral Tristan, or,
Blighty. 'Ere, isn’t it funny that this hostilities cease. One alteration has N<m	, v ls10,ltalry ™nn or. w?“ niore properly, Trlstao da Cunha, on a
•ere	leave	is	my	first for	sixteen	already come about; the Russian	0 df?nd shabhy; bum,le on back,	voyage to India] I
“Other	blokes	double eagle, national emblem of the	%^ on the road, p odding through	submarine elevation, which runs down
Romanoffs, is no more. The eagle, of th.e1",.ud T *5 mist' 1under the h,gh the center of the Atlantic, and on
“Oh, but your sheet!" 1 said.	course, is the symbol of imperial * AiTtï °f j*ll°wing ]leaves*	which are, likewise, situated Ascen-
"But wot were my crimes?" said power.	I . these distinct pictures I saw,; bion> gt. Paul's Rock and the Azores.
Spudhole. “Not much in any o’ ’em.) The artist who designed the Russian ?et	v'*'on~a viiion. °*| The average depth on this ridge is
I did pinch the apples in the farm at double headed eagle killed his models * îlumaf11^^;lta ,lts	companions about 1,700 fathoms. The depth be
Mazingarbe, but was I the only one?" himself. Two fine chickens were sac-	f ; Jr infinitely slow, painful, tween the islands is in some places
“The only one run," I remarked. rificed for the purpose, and he him- jpit, fllght:	.	,	.	1.000 fathoms. Tristan, the largest
“And the 'en that came into our self posed them for the design. When 1 T- ?° „ r8'. hea^d cr,fs 0,f ; island, has an area of sixteen square billet at Rethune," said Spudhole. "I	the sketch was finished, he and	his l 0nip,aiat- but beneath	the dumb	:m||o8,	is	nearly circular In form	and
didn't catch it, though I killed it. And	friends are said to have dined off	the , patlvnt haste ®.n aI1	those (,azcd
that scrap on the parade ground when unfortunate birds.	fT 8 fluest,on:
I blacked stumpy'Iggles* two eyes for There now remain five national	"bat have we (,one • WhF has
'im, and us'aving a month's rest back eagles—the two-headed birds of Aus- ! vbt"* C°me Up°n US ant (mrwKÊ/ÊÊÊÊÊÊ at Cassel. I spent a good part of that tria and Serbia, and the single eagles cn“drvn •	to 2,000 feet high
rest in jankers. And then in camp in	of the United States, Mexico, and Ger- |borne where I heard	a trumpet	0n	the	whole, ¦!
Blighty 'fore we came out 'ere when I	many. Both the, Mexican and	the lb?.WT?'	1 he spike^.on ta.c hv,mvts of	would	be	a reasonably safe place	of
'ops off ter Lunnon, what did I	get?	USA. birds are excellent	life re pro-	? ,U c t*!oop of 8ol(iiers fla*hed for an exile for a certain present day dweller
Seven days, Spudhole. And then------*’	ductions. the United States	being per-	! i28tantVfaf d?wn..th.e /^ppy road-
“Please don't enumerate them	all,"	feet In detail owing to an amusing	Through the humid dusk came the
I said.	criticism passed on it some	years ago.	1 u '	^oom*nff °f the unseen
“O' right, matey," Spudhole an- The bird then In vogue had a super-	conc!acst Flanders.
“But tell me, wot is the time abundance of plumage about its legs, That was the only answer.
and newspaper agitation for the abolition of its trousers caused It to be morn- shorn of its glory. It is consequently “Yer watch is as now depicted as an extremely sober-But 2 o’clock looking creature.
For that was the strange thing —
need of it
removed
e capable
sweep
wiv a reputation like mine in keepin' wiv regulations. But all the, ow same I do want to go *ome. Just for a visit”
said
none
the gasoline valve in the closed position.
folded his arms
WATER !
call at

Japs Carry Pocket Stove.
Many a benumbed soldier of Nip- 1* the Western Dry Lands of Auatra-
lia a Foreigner Would Perish.
pon saved his life during the Russo-
Japanese war by the use of a kwairo Nq man who hag not mastered the (pocket stove). To-day Russia, pro- ,a^ ,ubtleties of bushcraft should nting by the experience of her for- trate alone the western dry lands mer enemy is importing these stoves Auitralia gay8 Mr. Norman Dun-from her ally in great numbers for ^ jn y, book( Augtraiian Byways her troops. Delicate schoolchildren in A Canadian woodsman would find Nippon keep a stwfe In their clothing M y y, experience to enlighten during the winter months while in hjm A North American Indian
the ciass-rooms.	would perish of ignorance. A Be
The fuel used is put up in the form douin of the Bam)y Arabian deserts of a sausage. It is lighted and forced wou)d die helpleg8, Australian hush-into a small tin container, which has	j8 peculiar to itself. It concerns
the outward appearance of a metal Ugdf with killing the crawling cigar case. Fuel sufficient for one loading of the stove costs about one-sixth of a cent, and will last approximately three hours, giving considerable warmth to that part of the t:Jy near which it is applied. There is considerable rivalry in the empire to see who can invent the best fuel for
no-
my watch.
“I leave ’ere at 2,” said Spudhole
They rise from a
months
he asked
0*
ft
desert life for food than with divining
the whereabouts of water in a land
that is as dry as a brick in the sun.
In the midcontinental deserts when
sun and dry winds suck the moisture
from deep in the ground and all the
world runs dry, the aboriginals draw
..	.	..	...	water from the roots of small desert
has a great volcanic cone, 7,000 feet	the stows. It	must emit	neither	treeg by cutting them into short
high, usually capped with snow In the |	smoke nor odor.	An efficient	fuel is	lçngths and letting them drain drop
center. On all sides of the island, but	made of hemp	stalks, a bundle of	b drop jnto a wooden bowl
, rise precipitous cliffs from 1,000	them being placed in a hole	in the	tbere m be no water trees or the
WÊÊtÊËtm	ground, then lighted and smothered rootg may ghrivel and dry up. what
Tristan da Cunha so as to smolder without air, until
turned into the desired size and shape. ' Finally the fuel is inclosed in a special kind of paper without which the fuel would not burn successfully.
But
one
then?
“Ah, well," said the bushman, “they do with what they have."
“What have they?" I asked him. “They lick the dew from the leaves and grass!"
It is related by a celebrated Australian traveller, Baldwin Spencer, that, having come in a dry season to a dry
M	clay pan, bordered with withered
The phenomena frequently seen in In many villages and small towns ghrubs, his company was amazed by
the current war of weary soldiers in the interior of Spain no one knows an exhibition of aboriginal craft, marching steadily and in step with how to road or write. There are in There was no water, no moisture their comrades, although they are Spain thirty thousand rural villages within miles, and the clay was baked sound asleep, can only be explained without schools of any kind, and BO hard that to be penetrated at all by examining their brain chambers of many thousands which can be reach- % must be broken with a hatchet. A secondary automatic actions. Each ed only by a bridle path, there being keen native guide presently discern-human being of normal intelligence no highroads or railway communica- e(j uttle tracks on the ground—faint-performs a host of these secondary tion of any kind. Attendance at est indications of life, apparently— actions, depending totally upon his school is voluntary not obligatory. an(j having hacked into the clay to unconscious memory to guide him. Seventy-six per cent of the children
in Spain are illiterate.
in Potsdam
?
HOW SOLDIERS MARCH ASLEEP.
?
l
So Used to Marching Their Secondary Memory Keeps Them in Line.
?"
now
Illiteracy m Spain
?
i en past 12,“ I said.
“Time’s long a passin’ this in’," said Spudhole. slow movin’ as a tank and Blighty! Hip! hip! hooray!"
He rose to his feet, danced a step
or two in the muddy trench, then got	---- Some wonderful figures of the work
up on the firestep, gripped his	rifle,	Age	of Twenty-Nine Regarded	as	De-	of the British post-office are given in
slipped it over the parapet and	fired	crépit in the	18th Century.	the report of the Postmaster-General
at the enemy trench. One, two, three;	*	for Great Britain for 1915-16. Of 70,-
half a dozen rounds sped over No *n eighteenth century women 000 employes who have joined the col-Man’s Land in quick succession. 18<x^n grew old, says an English orgf 3toO0 have fallen. The Victoria ‘ I’m biddin’ good-by to the Boche,"	At the age of twenty-nine cr0S8 has been won by two postmen; The hand carries food on a fork to the
he «aid. “I almost love ’im to-day. J?a***e ^ntomvtt?» tbe wife of Louis eight officers have received the D.S. mouth while the mind is occupied “Hey, Tom, you're lookin’ glum. *V ffrav**y# discussed the question O. and twenty-five the Military Cross; with the morning paper. The tzly Wot's wrong wiv ye?’’	Wlt"	aer modiste,	Rose Berlin.	She	men have gained the Distinguish-	keeps	itself	erect	and	maintains	its
He was speaking to old Tom Green,	wou (]I soon be thirty. Her	idea was	ed Conduct Medal, and 62 the Military	equilibrium while the mind is	bent
who had just entered the bay. Tom,	to ™anEe	ber manner	of dress,	Medal; while 201 have been mentioned	upon business problems,
a man of thirty-five, who belonged to	inclined too much to that of jn despatches
our platoon, was indeed looking glum.	yout*K *n consequence she The post-office collected nearly 11,- more thoroughly than the civilian fln-
"Well, wot’s wrong wiv yer, Tom?"	*bould wvar no	more flowers	or fea-	000,000	letters and 875,000 parcels	ally becomes so habituated to	the
Spudhole inquired. “Bad noos?"	thers. The glorious Georgians, the , weekly	for the troops abroad and	movement that he can permit his	sec-
Fom pulled his helmet down over Uucness of Devonshire, complained handed them over to the army. It, ondary memory, totally independent his eyes, and his eyes looked fixedly	t0 tbe p renth ambassador	that she	distributed £2,200,000 weekly in sep-	of his primary memory, to	guide	him
at Spudhole's bayonet.	was already	seven and twenty years	aration allowances to 2,700,000 per-	in the marching column	while	he
"The news is not at all good," he obb "Consider, said the glorious song-	dozes off and gains necessary rest.
I had a letter wiv last	post,	one»	what an age	that is. to	which	Parcels sent to prisoners of war	Cavalrymen	who	have	become vet-
and little Betty, my only kid, is not	lbe ungallant	ambassador	replied	abroad,	mostly in Germany, averaged	erans in the saddle can to a less	dewell. And she’s such a pretty kid, you	lbnt 1,1 * ranee	at seven and	twenty	82,000	a week, while 15,000, mostly	gree permit themselves to sleep,	|pr
should see her! And she’s been alius a woman wa® considered elderly.” from Germany, were received for their habit of sitting firmly on the
delicate, too. Her cheeks are so thin.	——?------------—	prisoners in England. Money or- horse has not except in rare instances,
IVil maybe be decline, for it’s in the More horses, heavier horses, horses Wers numbering 91,570, and represent- been formed so young as the infant-mother's people. It’s so 'ard not bein’ better prepared for work and fed for ing £66,900, went to British prisoners ryman’s action of walking able to see her.	work will go far toward increasing and in Germany, and 96,900, representing quently the horseman has to make
"Why not apply for leave?" I said, cheapening production per acre or per £97,300, came to enemy prisoners more effort to maintain his equili-"It’s no good," said Tom. “I've been ton of crop.	, here.	jbrium.
TOMMY’S POST-BAG
Report of the British Postmaster-General Gives Interesting Figures.
?
“OLD WOMEN" THEN
the depth of about a foot, unearthed a spherical little chamber, about three inches in diameter, in which lay a dirty yellow frog. It was a waterholding frog and it was distended with a supply sufficient, perhaps, to enable it to survive a drought of a year and a half. And the water was pure and fresh. Being heartily squeezed, these frogs may yield a saving draft to lost and perishing travellers.
There is a great complaint about the shortage of help in manly lines of effort, but no one has discovered as yet any lack of bosses.
Barriers extending along the ground from one or both sides of a recently patented roadway gate enable an auto-mobilist to open or close the gate merely by running his car over them.
No single item contributes more toward economy in the preparation of food than the spatula for scraping
bowls fÊÊÊÊM
flexible two-sided knife are desirable.
A new attachment for telephone receivers permits the hearer to write while receiving the message, as he is able to hear with both ears at once and yet not obliged to hold the receiv. er in hie hand.
The soldier trained in walking far
“Find a blackfellow," said our bushman, “and you’ll get water."
“What if the aboriginal is obdur* aU?"
“Ah, well, if he won’t tell," the bushman explained, “you rope him by the neck to your saddle. When he gets thirsty he’ll go to water right enough!"
said
If possible two sizes of this
Con
When a man knows his own imperfections he is just about as perfect as it is possible for a man to be.

|> SORE NOU WILL I I
FIND THIS AURONT
I'm ve ay sorrS
S\R - |'LL CHAN6E
IT FoR'tou
Wen, waiter? I cant eat
THIS SOUP? .
HÉÏ, WAITER,COME-.
BACK PEFTE- | CANY
EXT This soup e/ther !
what's the Tkvueui
SIR. NOV CAN y eat
MS OF OUR SOUPS f
I Have no
spoon!
\
t
r
!•
I
K(r<v
Y '
.1
a
a*-

59
V

6
)
?
i
i
J
1
j
/jT
V
J
>6
i
4
r-
i
ï

T It
- —	_JAv v
T

z
\

».
A
A
A
A

I



r

m
i
liHiiiiir


mi


»

f





X




i

.

La.
/




m






irai
mu
mm
###PAGE###3###
Jw
mnJem
-
Arm go
érièâl.

/
1
L-h
• «





Conducted 6y Mnô TfaC&n Jhur


write to this and It* must be will be
i
Mothers and daughters of all ages are cordially Invited to department Initials only will be published with each question answer as a means of Identification, but full name and address given In each letter. Write on one side of paper only. Answers mailed direct If stamped a/id addressed envelope Is enclosed.
Address all correspondence for this department to Mrs. Helen Law, Woodbine Ave„ Toronto.	/'

Conducted by Professor Henry 0. Bell

fS'i
The object of this department la to place at the service of our farm readers the advice of an aoknowl-edged authority on all aubjects pertaining to soils and ‘ Crops.
Il

K
!

Address all questions to Professor Henry Q. Bell, In care of The Wilson Publishing Company, Limited, Toronto, and answers will appear In this column In the order In which they, are received. Aa space Is limited It Is advisable where Immediate reply la necessary that a stamped and addressed envelope be enclosed with the question, when the answer will be mailed direct
on thi
May:—1. Tt la not good form to and knees and the girls hopping wear fare veils in the evening. The right foot. Another way to rare in U only excuse for a veil at night is go as partners, each holding onto thi when one is motoring. 2. Since your opposite ends of a clothespin. friend has Invited you to her party course, the flags captured by each art and asks you to bring a man with you, retained. Ringing the Victory Bell it would be quite proper to write to a another good game. Form an arch oi man whom you knew well and ask him three cross poles, rising considerably to go. Word the note thus: My Dear above the heads of the company. Im* —: Miss — is giving a little party bed the uprights in the earth and nail next Friday evening and ha* asked me the crosspiece firmly on—Then_ to bring a man with me. Would you corate the arch with red, white and care to go? If you can, let me hear blue bunting and from the top bar as soon as possible, and stop for me hang a large bell. The game con-that evening at 7.45 o’clock. Very slats in hitting this bell with balls sincerely, May— .	3. To clean a which are provided, each player being
straw sailor hat try the following: given three or more throws in Dissolve one teaspoonful oxalic acid round. The tape race is fun. Have as crystals in one cupful boiling water, many lengths of tape as there wil >e and, after brushing the hat thoroughly players and have all the tapes a - it to remove all dust, lay it on a flat sur- the same number of feet—ten or face and scrub with this solution, us- twelve—then provide several pairs oi lng a small brush for the purpose, sharp scissors. Attach all the tapes Work rapidly, beginning with the to a fence. Four or six players may crown; rinse In cold water, wipe dry contest at once, according t<> the pairs and place on a flat cloth In the sun to ! of scissors available. The contestan s dry. Do not let the hat become thor- hold the loose ends of the tapes, which oughly saturated with the water. they draw out taut. At the signa
mmm
over a prescribed course with walking All four must be rolled at
once, eajn in turn.
X. Y. Z.:—The engagement ring it put on over the wedding ring and thus
guards it. The former is removed room for the next piece directly in t>efore the ceremony, leaving On fin-
front of you The clothes may be free Then the bride slips back taken from the line by this same con- the engagement ring at her first op-vement method, which saves many portunity
steps and is also a boon in case of rain.j w p:—To restore the color of black
E. T. :—A widow when preparing kid, mix ink with the white of an egg for her second marriage should drop and apply with a soft sponge. To the name of her former husband and ciean white kid, dip a clean white flan-have her household linen marked with „el cloth in a little ammonia and rub her maiden name. Linen procured lightly
after her marriage should be marked the soiled parts gently, changing the with the name of her second husband. ci0th as soon as it becomes soiled. To Frances:—The following are sug- polish tan shoes, wash the shoes clean gestions for your Sunday school pic- with a sponge and warm water. Wipe nic. You can have the usual races, with a dry cloth and let dry. Then This is considered a good	month for	some of them for the younger folks, rub freely with the inside of a banana
çaponizing	others for the older persons. Fight- peel. Wipe carefully with a dry cloth
___________________ a"-—-
ed, the trouble is heat prostration, ow 8*	. medium-sized cotton flags of the in- ply a mixture of one part linseed oil
caused by pressure on the brain.	M breeding is finished, the ma es eXpengjve kind. One flag at a time to two parts cream to the shoes, rub-
To prevent this,	provide protection	are best removed from the	pens	un U	.g pjace(j upright in the ground and bing it well in with a soft flannel
from the sun and avoid overcrowding;	after the molting season.	Bix girls or boys start in a race to cloth. This will keep the leather
keep bird cool and apply cold water to July is the month in which ra , ^tairi it. Give them some handicap, soft and it will not crack as readily, the head. "	\	minks, ’possums and weasels do their ^ boyg can nc€ *jth potato sacks, Joe:—Even though you have not
At this time of Che year broody hens	most deadly work. Be on e	<x>	while the girls can race blindfolded yet met the bride, the present should
are In the majority	and cause no little	out. When their presence	is iscov-	^ running backward ; or the boys be sent to her. Wedding presents
trouble to the attendant. While it is ered dig after them; give them no, might race crawling on their hands [are never sent to the bridegroom, advisable for those who do not run quarter. * incubators and brooders to set every broody during the entire summer, at the came time there will be many
lowed to keep hi. treasure, in it. broodie. that can not be utilized. How
provided they are .anitary and that *® r,d.>hem of ^ hatching fever ha.
he keep, them ir. reasonable order. *ee? cau*«	experiment.
.	.	......	°y farmers and poultrymen.
? iv! % V°°m ‘\ ve best ,nce"- h is to be regretted that some of orderlinese A boy cannot be thege methods are extremely cruel and
expected to take pride in a shoddy or lhould not be allowed. In one instance shabby room wheie the furniture is noted recently a hen was tied by the totally unsuited or .s of various woods leg with a piece of rope to a port; in and flnishea and. therefore, unrelated. the other instance the hen was being Did you ever know a boy who did not immersed in a pail of water. In both
love to palhtî If it is not possible these caaes the hensbecame excited,and to hive matching furniture for his
room, suggest to him that hj first remove the quarreling finishes from the variegated articles with some commer. cial paint remover and then paint it all the same color. Pride? That boy will take a tremendous pride in his room.

B
S
Henry G. Bell.
Question—L. J.;—Can one pasture
Question—C. B. t—What la yotir opinion regarding summer-fallowing? new seeding for a while this mummer
and then turn the cattle out and cut •
It and for that reason I do not want to consid- cut It for hay.
Answer:—It is possible to pasture seeding If there is sufficient clover growth, granted that the soil Is not a heavy clay type. If the soil is heavy clay, pasturing with heavy stock will tend to tramp the soil together, so that the c\<prér setting will bo
I am afraid you will
*\
On what does success depend?
<
The wheat on
ê
sufficiently often to as to young weeds as they sprout, also stores up moisture to a erable extent and if the soil is fairly full of organic matter, It conserves plantfood for succeeding crops.
Success of summer-fallowing depends upon working the surface of the ground sufficiently often to prevent the escape of moisture and to prevent the growth of weeds which exhaust the moisture and plantfood of the soil. The ground should be plowed early In spring, disked and harrowed immediately after plowing, and harrowed and disked sufficiently often to keep the surface clean and open.
*2Xt» »!
y

a
t
a
new
mW
’ii
1
bûn
1
smothered out. find the weed seeds among the clover seed a greater detriment than the weeds in the hay. They certainly reduce the value of the seed, ting the crop for hay will do a lot towards killing out the weeds.
You can keep the fine natural color
in Raspberry Preserves
Cut-
IF YOU MAKE THEM WITH
*4
>1
I
"Pure and Uncolored "
Long cooking fades raspberries. You can avoid this by using LANTIC SUGAR which dissolves instantly on account of its "FINE " granulation. LANTIC is the best sugar to use for
all preserving on account of its purity and high sweetening power. LANTIC is a pure cane sugar equally good for the table, for general cooking and for preserv ing.
10, 20 and 100-lb. sacks; 2 and 5-lb. cartons.
race
Mrs. C. L.:—To make an endless clothesline fasten two grooved wheels wherever you want your line and stretch a wire line around the wheel. As you hang up each piece ef clothing you can turn the wheel and thus make
Sheep become assets on thin, hilly land.
Don’t expect to sell the increase of the flock for breeding stock until thoroughly experienced in breeding.
The smaller the flock the better the sheep will do. One sheep per acre la the limit and often that is too many.
Baking-soda relieves the distress of colic by getting rid of the gas.
Poor teeth prevent a horse making full use of good feed. It may be necessary to file the teeth down in old horses, so the grain can be properly ground.
A mixture of equal parts of the tincture of iodine,, turpentine and sulphuric ether, applied once a day for several days, Is said to be death to splints which are forming.
As long as a horse can chew well, meal is a poor feed for him. It is eaten too fast and sticks in the horse’s throat. Give the animal a chance to use his grinders. That is what they are for.
Maybe you think you can save time by feeding the horse enough In the morning to last all day. That Is a good way to make a job for a horse doctor. '
If the yearlings are slow to shed and seem to have little appétit*, try doctoring them fo. worms. Mix three drams of powdered iron sulphate and three drams of gentian root. Use this dose twice a week if necessary.
sticks.
Pretty soon the gadfly will emerge from manure piles and begin to torment the sheep/ Be ready for it. Smear the sheeps’ noses with tar.
Don’t keep sheep and horses In the
Some of the sheep are
ORDER FROM YOUR GROCER BY NAME IN THESE FULL WEIGHT ORIGINAL PACKAGES
PRESERVING LABELS FREE—Send us a red ball trade - mark cut from a bag or carton and we will send you a book of S i ready gummed printed labels.
Atlantic Sugar Refineries, Limited
Power Building, Montreal
b
same field, almost sure to be hurt when the horses
cake of white soap. Rub
on a
run.
147
Sheep detest odors in drinking waif a tank is used for^watering, clean it often.
Mix enough sulphur with the salt to give it a yellowish tinge. Keep the salt boxes filled all the time.
À long-ratTfce gun is one means of solving the dog problem and making sheep raising more profitable.
Sheep are now doing well, never brought such prices.
ter.
Wool
GIVE THE BOY HIS OWN ROOM
The Possession of a Comfortable Room Where He Can Keep His Treasures Will Do Much to Safeguard Your Boy
in the Haven of His Home.
They are also very fond of disguise sometimes one might take them for butterflies, at other times for humming birds. Often, when you can’t see them at all, you can find out just about where they are by listening."
"Oh," cried Alline, "what do they say?"	—'
The old lady shook her head. "Who can tell what they say? If that were p esihlc, mortals would perhaps be wiser than they are. You can often hear them either whispering among the leaves—though there are some who will tell you it is only the wind— singing by the brook a little tinkling song.’’
While the old lady and Alline were talking, a sudden shower that had come up passed over, and the sun shone again in all its warm t rightness. The birds began to sing, and in through the window darted a hum-c.lng bird. It darted right ou. again; but not before the old lady and Alline had both seen it.
“Alline," the old lady said, "a bud my rose tree looked this morning if it might be pushed open soon. Go to the window and see if the fairy hasn't come out.”
Alline ran to the window. "I see a great white rose,” she said. "That little humming bird must have been the fairy.
'Qtf!Poirr&
m
i
)
Why is It that the boy of the house is usually sentenced (I use that lust word deliberately and I believe appropriately) to the least desirable, most uninviting room in the house, not infrequently two of them being packed in together for no reason than to save trouble caring for two rooms instead of one ? Not only is the boy’s room rather doubtfully located and of shoebox dimensions, but it has a sorry habit of being meagerly furnished or else crowded, being used as a sort of dumping ground for the cast-off furniture from the rest of the house. Anything seems good enough for Bill because, mother • reasons, he hardly knows one piece of furniture from another; has no conception of good or bad taste, nor is he appreciative of beauty. Isn’t he? Perhaps he couldp’t express it in so many words, but—oh, well, let’s begin at the beginning#.
The thing of first importance is that a chap should have a room of his own if possible. The kind of room afnd the location are secondary matters.
Some one has happily described one's own room af a home within a pome." It is more—a haven. The house may be seething, our loved ones may for the time misunderstand (and who so often misunderstood as the average boy ? ) but with closed door In our very own room we can breathe
thankfully,	f
"I’ve shut my door and I am all alone, Here in my room pH fragrant with my better self,
S/oms
Kindness is a cheap supplement to the ration and produces big gains in milk flow.
Keep the calf pails as clean as the milk pails.
The cow giving the richest milk does not necessarily bring the biggest cream check.
of fat produced that counts.
Heavy milkers due to calve during
»-e-

Tommy’s Stamp Book.
When through my book of stamps I look,
What wondrous things I see.
It's dearer than the storybook My mother reads to
It is the total amount
me.
With great delight ten times a day
the theory is that in this excited state they forget their broodiness. While that may be so to a certain extent, it is equally true that excitement often makes nervous, scary hens; and in the case of fat hens it is not uncommon to have them die from fright, or meet with some severe injury, more humane treatment is to place them in separate coops without nests, or in a flock where they are kept outdoor the entire day and permitted to roost in a house only at night.
Kindness should be an order that is never violated.
Keep the summer chicks growing. Provide shade. Give the youngsters all the range possible. Exercise is the best tonic growing stock can have.
or
Just think of showing "the fell owe” a room full of pretty furniture painted by himself!
To make order as easy as possible, the room should never be crowded. The essential pieces of furniture are a bed, •ingle or in couch form if the room is small, a bureau or chiffonier, two easy chairs for himself and a possible guest, a desk, and a bookcase, if the youngster can be trusted not to get up and read in the middle of the night— as some have been known to do.
A
When
form after churning a reasonable time, try putting a small amount of table salt in the chum. A little warm water has the same effect of hastening the granules, ter makes soft butter.
„ sbs ssxssft.'is ; «urns s-Aftsr
I see a letter with the stamp They use in Fairyland.
I look upon the book with pride To see its pages fill;
And yet I am not satisfied, And shall not be until

Too much warm wa-
on
as
are taken away from their mother and raised by hand. When the qu tion of ownership or parentage
ssassxssa «- -
calf» neck. Records ere half the who lived In the house that stood all
i ïjfèzS'jrL £ cZ
only because she had rheumatism, and that if you could get her to tell a
I fairy story she would forget all about	^ „	.	.
jzi a: ru sjs. "d "*iu" "" •*" 5	=
SI	concerning1	j ÜT» ^	^	°*	*>"d eat *«'¦¦ by them-
cracks next to the frames, but without "Can you see that rose tree?" said «elves, will encourage them to eat
doabt there will be dampness where the old lady, when Alline was com- train much sooner.	_
the ground has not been excavated, fortebly seated on a stool beside her. Alfalfa la one of the beet pasture» Then the «rat-floor joists are nearer “Well, It la owned by a fairy who, like for growing p ga- Sweet clover is to the frost In the earth in the winter. ; the old woman who lived in a shoe, has one of the earliest pastury crops Set the flrst-story beams well up more children than she knows what to which pigs thrive almost as well as on from the grade, not leas than 24 io with. She la so dreadfully afraid alfalfa. Rape la a good forage crop eni combined | mrhes from the soil If there la a "f having anything happen to them which is ready six weeks after plant-
| sru! -——“ - r.
th w»(.r.	¦ Excavate for a basement beneath until they grow big enough and strong Dead pi
i îvst s&zjszr ta	£,*•*¦ ¦“ mot «. *. - »,
And where will they got" asked house. The remedy la apparent—
take out the cross piece.
A email am mink of soft coal lor the
Oh, I'm so glad we both
Rather than an ugly old carpet or a ahoddy rug, place one or two smell rugs upon the painted floor. If the; room happens to be large he should be allowed to keep other things in it besides those mentioned, but always with the stipulation that he keep a reasonable amount of order. A room screen Is fine for • fairly large room, as it can be made to partition off a corner for a study or den.
^ It does
Cuts Labor in Half
Offa&sO.
\
Do you first disinfect, and then go over all surfaces again with whitewash In order to keep your stable#, dairies and poultry
cheerful end free 1 fly egg* and the

Sunlight for the Cellar.
?
bright, c
from lice, mffee, germs of roup, white diarrhea.
h
Outside, the strife end struggle and the strain ; .
In here there's peace and quietude and strength,”
and come out with new poise for the living of life among others, that is what a separate room means to à boy, too, though he would scorn to express it so poetically.
With his own room the boy will
that moet mothers cannot help being annoyed by their
Such a method le a waste of

Use


eons' tastes in "art” The treasured
the two
And
posters are eyesores, the worshipped field heroes ere an abomination, the pennants are duet-catchers. But
disinfectant that dries out white
, oh, please, dont throw those things away or bundle them away out of eight! They do mean so much to a boy, at least for a while. He will throw them away himself when they
pl
on

SBSfeà
e an opportWtytoexpreeeWeJrk
ti hang op posters, pictures of sports hr roe-, pennants add banners, and the guriT other tremendous trifles in which boyhood revels, lad a collection of cotes, butterflies, or * col i turn he should be I In hie twn room, wfce. « safe | sympathetic fingers, he any proud!)
keep tt upon diapUy upon ft shelf or table or In a little mbinct. It Is hie room, remember, and he si
\


¦Unerei

e eermir ¦trouser than Comes le
It is wise to give
Bare car
see a# soon 11 aliefS^^^l
Applied with brush or sprayer WltTnot clog eprever flake, blister Of heel oft her spell by #tending No 11 sasrèea d 1 • -tor. Absolutely
tlofaetlon gear
him really good pictures that he will like, such as Howard Pyle e colorful pirates, Remington's superb Indian* aryl cowboys, or the inspiring pic ture of Sir Galahad. These are all
well executed subjects after hie own heart, and soon, by comparison he will the ta wd loess of hfc chosen prints.
Nearly every

limbing over a piece of

This to keep
fcrv as that dark
le nothing quttr and damp specs under the h ’ expenditure of a few dollars would I have made it light and cheerful. Do ' not try to bar the sunlight.
nr.

The Alline.

on ft#
"That I cannot say," answered the 14 lady; "there are no many of them, hog* to eat 1* a nd they ffcooM rack different placw. | murk U conuttpeUng



###PAGE###4###
_	,	_	,	. .	ue ground	oac*	ot tne noss nne rac-
alao Stvwurt	Stark, $2\ to	be uwmi in	lory or at	the	high, steep Jump of
gravelling near the Corners.—-Carried. Itbv Quebec ski club at Sandy hill,
H Vt this	juncture the three	Valuator!*	Wery day	one	find* the ski girl,
appeared	and	deposited the	Valuation	ranging In	age	from 6 to 26, alert,
Hull for 1017 with the Secretary, where straight aa a reed, lithe aqd quick as
it may be seen by pu ties interested ; a panther, skimming over the frozen
further, the said Valuation Roll will W surface of the snow, rising at t ie
Shaw ville on Monday, Aug. nth next, at Canadian girl springs her big 1U o'clock, a. m.	I surprise. Half a hundred Americans
Motion Conns. Harr and McDowell |wjj0 w,-rv in Quebec for winter —That the following lulls be paid]
Munson McDowell, tile,	$07.8]__________________
.lames Dean, mixing cement, 88.30 I air skating rink Work on Orra bridge under Hurry I Frontenac and gasped as two teams McDowell,	93.40 of girl hockey players met in conflict
............. ""I" 1 "001 r.".m	£££
Forked lightning over plate
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWM LIE :
Basra*»
Mayor Martin, «.f Montreal, declared | Uns > car, the gai't,:."‘	I >'< SnhV that the stocks of cheese
anti-cons,rivtion meeting at Mon	a,,,". etui search anti ‘in “n* "»»»«"* *•» ll,'v ll'">
toal last Sunday that they wanted hnn	tio)1 lllvv lmVe secured the i„M eh.vsr greatly tn exeess ,.f 1916, he
rgnnize anti-conscription meetings vaudevdie obtainable at the New York cnU "torage atm ks have been depleted
Mr. Martin should not | Mip^aitome and the most ex,a rt aero	""lll,,n l't,,,nda "r ab<>ut lwent>
nuuts win» will give thrilling exhibition»| lHl u 1 daily with balloons, parachutes and aeroplanes. There will also Ik* Horst*
Races for put
in which will compete horses from moat
' ».....-...» *~™'"11lÆErruCnS'Æ'1'
In the evening in addition to the I on the al»ove date most elaborate display of fireworks ever Campbell s
attempted by the Association, there will McLvllan, Graham, CampM! and Hen f the Plant which covers nearly 351 be an immense sjieeUcular production I demon.
. a....... ,m. wwi »irÆ“ïL,.........................
mutely lielongs to the war game ami j ports Kut-El Anmra.	and Graham.
stands in glaring contrast to the bomb- ,\> special rediiwd rates have l*oen Motion Killoran and Henderson II,. of churches, hospitals am! school secured on all railways covering the That the following hills ho paid :
..  ................»	r i isr **" "**
reunited to assure siuvos.	.T. d Dagg. repairing seraiivr
M. McDowell, bill for tile W. O’Mally, road work for M.
1 >< >hert y,
D. Sheppard, blasting road in I>iv. I.
The Tribune has been n>ked why, | H. UDonnell, one lamb killed by
io continuously advocating Literal or Radical polities, it shows fretpiently such hostility to the Cana | we o diau Liberal jwrty, and displays ;
weg, md the appointment of Dr. Mich-1 ascerbity and acidity in reference to it 11917
The latter i- re which do not characterise its criticisms I 2 culverts, fi in. diaiii., 17$ feet long
THE EQUITY.
I I
SHAWVILLE. JULY 19. 1917.
o. Y. II. LODGE. No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each mont h at 8 p. m.
W. E. N. Hodoins, Hec.Secy.
»s
G. 0. McDowell, W. M.
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
month.
Kdwahd I)alk W. M.
i
Rko. Hodgins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the l ith of each month
IL N. llODOl.N».
W. Com;*. In Com
in Toronto
hesitate to accept the invitation **x|*erinu»nt w
of his convictnms
I sports during the month of February 7 I surrounded the fir-tree-fringed, open-
of the Chateau
The
uld «how that he has the
Bristol Council Minutes
totalling ovci $9,tKK.)
Pro. Hodgins, Com. Scribe.
TA

Bristol, July 3, 1917
The Municipal Council of Bristol met
tÊÊÊ^ÊÈÊÊÊÊ^
uni Councillor» Killorun,
John Brownlees hill,
A. Rvan, collection tlog tux Than, l'aimer, 11	“
John Smiley, disinfecting Thos Abbott’s house,
Arthur Qtteale, l sheep killed,
Clarence Cameron, I sheep killed, 12.001 baseball, and the speed of Hnrrv McDowell, |wrt of work, 23.00 polo, as some of the spectators said, (i. K Hodgius Co. lml. on cement—Car I iuturned up the game between these • •*	Intrepid damsels In petticoats, wag-
ing battle royal for the benefit of "The movies." Not long hence their portraits will be flashed upon a thousand screens from Tampa to Toronto, from Halifax to Portland, and the prowess of the fair Canadian hockey player will he published abroad, following a discreet silence of years upon the subject of women and hoc-
9.00
7.00 7.00
Shingles for Sale.
raid on the famous Krupp Works at Kssen iu Germany last week and is tv
atar
glass Is not faster than the tireless lassies who belabored the puck with all the science and speed of a aea-n-n0|*oned hockey player. The unexpect-0 + j does# of football, the science of
motor
A car-load of New Brunswick Shingles on hand for wile. Apply to
H. T. ARGUE,
Shaw ville, Que.
teil to have destroyed about a uiiar
W>
1*01
tei
Minutes <»f last meeting read and on motion of Vouns. Campbell
>1
ici
FOR SALE
ril'd
i
Meeting adjourned
.30 acre's of Hay, mostly clover.
R. W. HUDGINS,
Shawville.
$19.00
K. T. llolMHNH, Sec.-TMaa
divested of the last spark of human s\inputhy would l*o guilty <>f engaging
1.00
09.23
in
4 HO

The Liberal Party
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Athletic Girls of Old Quebec
Thu democratic movement in < ivr-! :	\ for thv time living ,it least, ha»
events that have brought about the re tiremeut of Chancellor Bctlmvinn H«»ll
(Winni|H*g Tribune.)
H.2.*)
% key
5.00
xllHpHIIH	¦
Moved by*Graham and McLellan that ¦Hi'h i til, followi1	eteculvert»|
I from M. M< Do Well t<u deli\<-i \ Nov. 1
lufeated with the culmination of when it is s
i
The Count ry’s Flruuncs.
Near approach of the end of the fiscal year finds Canada’s financial position sound enue, which may be regarded as a fairly reliable barometer of trade
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
T
HEN ho! for the northland, and the snow-white city of
l
The Customs rev-
aclis as his successor
gardeif as the mere tiH*l of the jKiwerful I 'J10 * "v-x l,ait>
.	.	,	» .«	.•	,11	1 he answer seems so ohvio*> that tin
.1 tinker element, ami therefore	I svvm, umu,Vv.alv. The Tril-um
unacceptable to the Reichstag reformers. | lK»Jit*Ves that the Canadian “ LiU-ral *
The situation indicates that the l'rus- party is not, and for twenty years ha* I Cuthhertson, W
war lord and his army <till remain | not Wn, a LiU-ral party. It has Urn, IVttipiece to run temperance hotels at
while using the Liberal name, a more Norway Ray.
reactionary lady than the official or I Motion—Killornn and Henderson— avowed Tory party. It has Urn a wolf j That the applications be granted, and ] enough to walk
fothing, which is more dan- it lie Mayor and Secretary are hereby | the governor's garden in Quebec, one
wn pelt. Be- j authorized to sign the same
Motion—Killonin and Henderson—
That the Secretary notify \V. Hodgins,
55 to have the
But it I sidemad lie! ween lots i* and 10, r. 10,
Quebec, where Canada's
fair daughters with their | conditions throughout the country,
continues to break records. The figures for February showed an increase of more than ten per cent, over the corresponding figures for Canadian girls learn to skate and I 1916; and there is reason to expect
snowshoe as soon as they are old I that equally satisfactory advances ¦¦¦¦¦	|	will be shown in March.
This is satisfactory in a double it shows that despite the war may see great shaggy dogs and tiny, I the country’s prosperity continues rose-cheeked kiddies from two years | on the upgrade, and it acts as an in-
old onward, playing In the „n„w. %%%,%
sliding, stumping along on tiny during the past two and a half snowshoes or sliding down over the g tbe natlong energies have been big hump onto Dufferin terrace on cblefly devoted to the war, and right.. their first skis. Many a soldier now I | BO because the whole future of xt-vnsv ,,f the ro«.l at the front fought his first battle In tb<> Dom|nlon and the Empire de-iltviston in i|iU'stnm I also,	that M. I>.	governor's garden—a snow ball bat-	pendg	upon tbe BUCcess of the vast
Allen has lieen appoinled to report tn	tie over a fort of glistening snow,	| lggue	Europe, Hut it Is neverthe-
this council as tn the amount and vprv | under the very shadow of the citadel i lpgg |mportant If not vital, that the
«	throw from where comm, and Industrial activities
Wolfe fell. Hoys and girls together o( ,be country ^ maintained and
That the reimvt of Rural Inspector .las, I are sent ou| to play *“ the	tS	extended in every possible way, If
mwmm.
tight about their little waists.	d upon lt ag a rcgult of the war.
And so it is that, almost from in- And, in addition to that important M- if 1*’ r- m.ule sate j fancy, Canadian girls are taught to aspect there ig the future develop-
skate and slide and ski, and to look	ment of the country to be borne in
V iniue-t wax presented	from John | upon the coming of winter as the	j mln(ji	After the war there will be
davmng of a day all their own. an unloosening of the national ener-Along with their brothers, they have . uow concentrated upon a tem-gone in for winter sports until now	rv but vltal enterprise. The
they are scarcely less expert than the •	t armle8 now battling in Europe
men themselves, and not a whit less . wm be forged into industrial armies
enthusiastic.	,	. . and concentrated upon the task of
h ,	. t , , t , fl ,	• , , Canadian girls have no rivals in ^generating the devastated indus-
^ | parties intended to have the road uid- skating, the world over. True, some | (riallsm of mo8l of the nations now
mj. .	, experts like Charlotte and other dedicated to war. There will have
Motion—Henderson and KiUoran— professionals who have devoted their l l0 be great reorganizations, and That the Secretary try to arrange with entire lives to fancy skating, may be ] lbere *111 necessarily be great up-Tliomas Sharpe for a mad around the able to come across the footlights heavals, and it would be folly on the ¦ I	mm	m^gmmdwith remarkable stunts. But for real rt of Canada, if. while expending
skating—waltzing, figure skating, ber energies now upon the supreme the graceful, sinuous, undulating, ig8Ue ,Q Europe, she did not, at the
lazy skating, the real poetry of mo- „ame time, make some preparation Uon, commend the Canadian outdoor girl as having mastered the art to perfection. American girls are close seconds, and at Tuxedo, Poland Springs, the White Mountains, and
the Adirondacks, one may see really I Sir Edward Kemp recently made fine exhibitions of Ice skating. But I public figures showing the number of the Canadian girl leads through ! men in Canada available from the superior skill, and takes precedence ages of twenty to forty-five, accord-over all the world for her uniform ing to the 1911 census. Widowers knowledge of all the Joyous sports of | and divorced men are included as
winter	JBMMI
The Canadian girls have their own I condition is unknown are classified
snowshoe clubs, and when they have , as married. It is estimated by the Minutes of Clarendon Council donned their gay colored sweaters, Government that the increase In the
knotted the scarfs tightly around male population between the ages their waists, covered their saucy | mentioned since 1911 is between heads with fuzzy knitted caps and three and four hundred thousand. As put on their shortest skirts and gayly j approximately this number has been beaded moccasins—then they are already recruited, the figures of ready for the huge hat-winged snow- 1911, It Is thought, reflect rather shoes tied on with thongs of reindeer closely present conditions hide, and are out and away to break | whole, though changes have una crisscross path across the trackless doubtedly occurred In Individual fields toward the hills up which the Provinces.
pointed fir trees climb. Set snugly Between the ages of 20 and 45 In a miniature forest of trees, some- there were 760,453 single men and where a couple of miles from town, 823,096 married. By Provinces the clubhouse squats in the snow, a | they were divided as follows: friendly, yellow-painted clubhouse,
t
s
I
- First Thursday,
10
i
rosy cheeks and true esprit de vivre are famed as the most expert sportswomen on the American continent.
i "
applications were presented 1*\ < leo
I Svobie ami J. II
Wyman
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm • Last Monday,
of each month.
Mil
1
the supreme dominating force within
the empire, and it will take much more
?tirage on the i»art of the people than I hi sheet
i< presently apurent to effect the de-1gerous than a wolf in hi
cause it prefers an enemy to a betrayer, the Tribune will criticize the Tory |m»1-
i, \ nul administration with mth li |pathmaster in Div. N The Russian drive, commenced al wtl politeness as it can command,
the first of the month, was conducted cannot command enough to have any I put in proper shape for traffic at once,
with marked ability and surprising to spare for the " Liberal rump. In otherwise this council will have the
considering the nature <.f tin «}“' illUwt ‘,,f rvil1 Lilfmlism and oi l work done at tl
r ., ,.	. ,	. j 1 j . »	the country, that must he 1
formidable defence» that had to be over-
Almost any day. In
V<
* s c
sense
s <
sired change
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
—FOR —
Shawvllle and District
TO HELL FOR
s\\
i gain
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
(•nine in the advance. The taking of 43 thousand prisoners in ten days gives an idea of the magnitude of the opera ind while this was an achievement of great important triumph was scored in the capture o the city of llalu.sz, the enemy head quarters in Galucin, a point of great strategic value in helping to maintain in id profit by the signal s ready gained.
Keep the Potatoes Green and ' hty «*f the work done.
Motion- Killoran and Henderson
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
Growing
ti
(Km*'1
Farm N

great ei
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
Manx are growing i*ot aloes in Canada this >eai, for the first time and, as a result of the greatly increased nnmUr of the crop will probably be great-used. Hut to insult' a
must Ik* an abundance of
ml the tops must ml disease.
1 should U‘ cultivator or nifticivntly to V most of the r four
f
Ik* notified to have tin
That A. Gild
1midge in the 1-i illy • mi tIn- sideroid between 1 for traffic at on

STONE and WELLINGTON (Established lK37t
grow
ly it
eroy then moisture in the

t »<H
Ontario.
Toronto
s al
1
Gordon asking that th txvei'ii lots 13 and 14, r 4, from the main road to the 4th con. line be opened e I the proper width.
Motion- Henderson and Graham — That the Mayor try to arrange with the
ideroad
lie protected from insect
( ’vltivation.— The kept cultivated with tl
s luce
CANADIAN
v PACI FIG
RAILWAY CO.
Homeseekers*
Excursions
Hritisli troops holding the line in
near the sea coast, sutiervd ! hot- tint il the t-
....	. shade the ground
"" " e.lne>d«y I tuber„ (lt.vell>,, ih „
The reiH*rt says tbe defences of [ jnvi,e* nf soil nearest the hiirfmx\ and
Ion well in dry |*
which ahol^il, i|uit« shallow cultivation w desit
hie at this season of the year. In s which is tlrv there may l*e good dev.
P>«
mm
' ' ' !
las
the position attacked were destroyed by [ the tul*ers will not a furiuus artillery tin wrecked the bridges across a river in lia
Black Pond and the Met It
pment of tops hut there will !*• few 1
When the Germans charged the British | tubers. The t "« -t> in such cax - have	1	11111 1
gone down deep into the soil to obtain
thus cutting oft the way of retreat
rear
To Manitoba. Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia, May to October, 1917.	.
Good going every Tuesday, Slay Sth to October 30th, 1917. Return
MvLellan and Killoran — That the report of P. Kelly and Thomas Palmer re. division of Bristol-Onslow town line frout the 10th to 12th line la*
Mot inn
line the greater number of the brave dc
fender, were already dead or wm.nded I m1,,!'|"rc-but. the tuU-, Waring Me,,,..
which are quite different from the r<M-t
system, do not develop well. Where,	,
»]>e by swim-|jj,e M>il is a loose, sandy loam, hilling 11
is not necessary and may be injurious, * 1 ° as the soil dries out more than if left on the level. In heavy soils it is desirable to bill the |K»tat(H*s as it will loosen the l»een lacking in reserves and artillery a,a| the tult-rs will lie shaplier than
support or it could not have occurred, when the ground is left level. When Over confidence in the strength of the | there is sufficient rainfall and moisture |. sition, or under-estimating the ene I in the soil hilling is likely to give l'est
mys lower to Mnke may have been wj|1 lie ),<>wr and the tuber» can contributing factors in causing the re- through it readily. As a great develop
verse, which is the most serious that ment of tubers takes place during the I	Shaw ville, July 3, 1917.
ha* occurred the western front for I c"oU r a,ld	moister weather of Regular meeting of the Clarendon
the latter part of summer, it is ver) mi- Council, held in Hynes hall, bhawville, jiortant to keep the plants growing well this dale, at lo, a. m. until then. In one experiment it was	Present—F. W. Thomas, mayor, and
Central Canada Exhibition As-	t hat during the mmitli of 8e,,t	< "Uncillor. W T. NI< IJowell, Ilert Hod-
there was an increase of 119, gins M. Sinclair and T. Itirl»er. lids of jiopatoes per acre.	j Minutes of last meeting read and a|*-
proved on motion of conns. Barber and Sinclair.
to maintain for herself after the coming of peace, the splendid position she has so dearly won in this
and the remainder were captured save a tew who managed to cs< nting tbe river. The disaster gives some grounds for the suspicion that tbe j*oi lion of tbe line attacked must hat
limit two calendar months from date of Hole.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent Shawvllle.
war
on And McLellao — That the Secretary consult the Secretary of the Municipal Committee, Norway Ray re. oj>ening of Strathuona Avenue. Meeting adjourned.
O. T. Dbimmoxd,
Sec.-Treas
single, and those whose conjugal
I
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of tbe present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Lmd in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or All»erta. Applicant must ap|H*ar in person at Dominion Lind* Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Eiitrv by proxy must l*e made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of tn
many months past
a

!

sociation. Ottawa

Spend £10,000 in Impbovoknt"
I
nt it «lier Joseph Kent, Chairman of I Storage Plants Must Discharge Is and Buildings ( ittev. hav-	Excess Stocks.	| -
lecuied the ratification of all hi* |	Conn. Dale reputed on work done on
ised improvements and buildings I lie increase of holdings by the cold 13^ concession by Ham. Bade».
and extension and improvement of en- storage Conqianie» of Canada compared Motion_________C'ouns Hodgins and Barter
e at Linsduwne Park, will pro- with the stocks one year ago of U-ef, „Tlmt tbe work of A. Hades In? ac-at once with the work in order that bacon, ham, mutton and lamb, are not cvptvd and paid for—price lay be in readiness !»»r the opening justifiahlr and are *]*ecillative. This UI Carried, of the biggest Fair ever held by the | the statement ma«le last Wednesday by | Motion -Coun*. McDowell and Bin Central Canada As Kth.

Colins. Dale and B.irr took their
<
Provinces.
with open fire within and steaming | prince Edward Is-mugs of cocoa and soup aux pole land ... . .~Ta and meat pie made after a famous %ova Scotia ....
Canadian recipe, and the crisp, nutty New Brunswick .
French crullers and all sorts of good Quebec .. things to eat, after the brisk tramp Ontario .. over the glistening snow.	Manitoba . .
Despite the erase for knitted fab- Saskatchewan rlcs for sport clothes, the Quebec girl Alberta .. TBBB Is pretty loyal to the old Canadian British Columbia
blanket costume for her toboggan yukon................J
sliding and snowshoelng. The heavy, | # w Territories woolen blankets, gayly striped and warm as hot toast, are made Into short, rather narrow skirts and a snug coat with tight scarf and toque to match. Knitted stockings of warm wool and moccasins made by the Indians complete tbe outfit, not forget ting knitted gloves which are much warmer than any other sort.
But for skiing and skating, the By way of perpetrating the brav-blanket coats ore a bit bulky, and a *ry of the fallen heroes of the Sli wool y sweater Is the best bet Nations Indians in this war, the Wo-
Some of them j men’s Patriotic League of the Six
Nations has decided to erect a sutt-
Ueut Cameron
Single. Married

1*
8,051
42,667 28,056 143,640	208,679
243,050	289.247
66.999 81,314 64,263 89,729 3,062
6,791
45,984
33,199
h
ire years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an aborning quarter section as pre-empt ion. Price $3.00 per acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain condition*.
A settler after obtaining homestead I intent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain district*. Price $3.00 per Must reside six month* in each

• • see
e e # #
67,372 66,691 68,009 61.306 1,019 2,000
The first three classes called by tbe Borden bill would, for the whole of Canada, on tbe basis of the 1911 census, Include 624,735 single men, from whom the exempt would have to be deducted.
# e e e
Mr. W. r. OX K ( '. t li«
living commissioner, as the result of returns which lie has received from two-thirds of the cold storage com panics of the country. u The price o ommodities should fort hw it I
ost of
on fSept
That the work done by Archie Crie: n bridge at Ibsigins lake on 13th con c accepted and |taid for—amt. $15.00 ; also the work done under Fore V. Grant lx* accepted—$128.90.
# #
Fair will continue for ten days
1
t.
to an including hept. 17th naive and elalmratt lions in the wav
l
722
f
are the at f entertainment 11 h
and couiia'titioii that every minnte of drop,' he states, every day will l*e required to complete On July 1, the quantity of tieef on the program. In addition to the many hand was 6,111 #,415 pounds as com pareil thousand dollars added to the list in the with 4,479,106 pounds on the same date different departments there has lieen last year, an increase of 48 per cent, arranged special prizes totalling $2,000 The supply of Ucon on July 1 was for Inter C ounty Live Stock Judging 9,493,655 fsmnds, an increase J 40 per Competitions open to farmers' sons in cent over the year More ; ham, 1,518,* the Ottawa Valley who are not grail- 538 pounds, or a 10 per cent increase.
I of agricultural colleges or schools, The quantity of mutton and lamb in and a Junior Farmers Inter-County cold storage on July 1 wn* 566,8.32 Rm, Bacon Hog Contest, o|ien to farmers as conqstred with 186,536 pounds, the under 26 years of age for best |«ir year More, or an increase of 204 per
I

I
f
it
—Carried Motion
That we
o|*en up the 13th con. line acr own property and thence to the toi the sand hill, to put stones in the I mg;
i
Motion—C*urns. Barber and Barr— That We grant $50 to be Used in cutting down hills on 4th con. line at Mill
Sinclair and Dale— accept John Brown b offer t#
(
his


.«< "wKmmmmi
of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Land* are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol
and have
making a good, passable road Is? paid $2000- -Carried.
Memorial for Indians.

of the Canadian girl wear snug little caps of ermine or moleskin that cover all but a few | able memorial stray wisps of curls that creep out Grant, of Hamilton, warn one of the to frame the rosiest cheeks In all tbe ; first of these heroes to lay down bis world.	life, having been killed at Lango-
, Nowhere in America, save perhaps march In 1916, and hie former em-tn the Scandinavian colonies at Mil- | ployer in Hamilton baa forwarded to ¦¦Hr ¦ m	the Women's League a cheque for e
0M
Motion—Couna. Hodgins and Mr Dowell That R. Inniiector Tbos. Pal
Phillips Lake Road
dim who have served been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent's office font not Rub-Agency). Discharge papers must be presented to
eons
of bacon hog* bn*I and cared for by | cent contestants.
" n port
The cold stfvrage coroiAniv* show an Bristol Clarendon town line, oppos increase of nearly	300,000 |»onnds of	10th con. ( larrnd"n, and also	11th con
Trophic*,	Pure	Food	butter in 1917 over 1916 ; an increase	north to the rear end of 13th concession
Child's of nearly 600,000 dozen eggs ; and an Clarendon he accepted. —Carried. Welfare	Exhibit ; I >«	Show,	Fire	increase of nearly	6,000,000 pound* of Motion — Couos. Hodgins	and Bin
Fighting	Demonstration by	Ottawa	Fire	pork, which is one	and a half time* a*	clair—That we allow wTà.	Hodgins,
Bfljpile. and an ex’ e ei .	• much as was in store in 1916, Vfr I road foreman, an extra $50 to lie ape
Wool Exhibit bv the 1department of O'Connor states that the increased bold | in gravelling on cheese factory road ;
tte
Other important features will he ex
tfjbaÊÊÊKÊlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM
Hbow and Household Exhibit
waukee and Bt. Pkul, does one many girls on skis as In Quebec. On substantial sum, which has been the “Glacis.** as the steep bill run- placed In a Brantford bank as a ming down from tbe Wall of the cita- nucleus for tbe fund in question. It lei to the esplanade Is called, on tbs is thought that tbe memorial will be
that historic bat- I erected la or
W W CORY,
Minister of the Interior.
publication of
N.
tàtsed

Brantford.


###PAGE###5###
»
THE EQUITY,
He la sometime* slave who should be master and sometimes master who iliould be slave.—Cicero.
MEN’S CLOTHING
MARKET FOR
H Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqtereite. Published every Thnrede y
\t Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
PULPWOOD
STORY OF A REGIMENT
Souscription, |l a Year in Advance.
rC All Arrears must be paid up before
any paper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and ft cents per fine or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $S.OOper year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion I -L Ci 11 UO and 5 cents for subsequent insertions.
Neckties
which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub llshed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
SCOTTISH BORDKRfiRH POSSESS AN ACTIVE llO.SWELL.
in splendid variety and at prices that invite comparison
Overalls Smocks Hosiery Boots and Shoes Underwear
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
In American Who Has Done a Great Real of Work In Canada Since the Outbreak of the War Writes Description of Trip to Halifax.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE AND BALSAM
PULPWOOD
Suits
3 foreign-born private citizen has done more since the war began to recruit the Canadian army than Mr. W. D. Gregory, of Leamington. An American by birth, he threw himself into the work of recruiting since the day war was declared, and no-
N
To be delivered at sidings along the G. P. R. and 0. N. R Railways.
v> '
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.

body in this country or in the United States, we are sure, halted with deeper satisfaction the decision of Uncle Sam to take his place by the side of the Allies. The latest service Mr. Gregory has rendered Is the preparation of a booklet entitled "From Camp to Hammock,” in which he describes the trip of the 241st Battalion, C. E. F., Canadian Scottish Borderers, from Leamington, where the battalion was recruited, to Halifax, where it embarked a few weeks ago on, board the largest steamship in the world. The account of the Journey is given in racy, humorous style, and is one that every member of the battalion and his friends will desire to preserve as a souvenir. Others who read it may well wish that every overseas battalion had Its » friendly Boswell, too, in order that the "little unremembered” incidents might be similarly preserved, to be referred to in yeais to corile as part of the history of Canada’s expeditionary forces.
Mr. Gregory speaks of the kindness of the ladles of Leamington in preparing for thj soldiers' departure. There were several "false alarms,” and baking raged over the town from morning to night. Several times the welcome supplies were consumed before the real day arrived on April 24th last. All along the route, wherever the train stopped, the men were greeted with enthusiasm, and regaled with whatever refreshments military regulations and their own particular tastes permitted. Pipes and tobacco in several forms were popular gifts, and if we — mistake not there is a veiled reference to some peculiar liquid, familiar enough to Kilties, perhaps, which is frequently absorbed with water and Ice. As an American Mr. Gregory was particularly pleased at the fact that at Windsor several thousand Americans had come over from Detroit to give a cheer for the Canadian " I soldiers, and he mentions that in the battalion were many Americans, neither too proud nor too soft to tight.
Boys’ Clothing
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
JO!) PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
We are sure to please you in Boys’ Clothing.
Bathing Suits Underwear
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Suits Pants
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Professional Cards.
DR. A. H. BEERS
About Your Hat
SURGEON DENTIST Campbklls Day •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
. Quk.
Do you know that no other part of your wearing apparel is so critically conspicuous as your hat ? For this reason always buy the same of a reliable house.
A. J. McDonald B. C. Li STRAW HATS, the season’s classiest styles
Latest styles and shades in SOFT HATS.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
S. A. MACKAY

When you require Printing-
call at

NOTARY PUBLIC
ShawvlUe,
Que.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âo.
CAMPBELLS BAY, OVB.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
G. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
D- R. BARRY, K.C.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
?
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
MODERN INDUSTRY
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
gr visits Shawville every Saturday.
products that you had supposed were
tutl, as building materials, metals, ma- I ,ay mtli"'^Too^'much ha./al ready rliiuery, mid the like, become products | been 8aid and too little done.”
of the laboratory. The food you eat
The Immense Debt It Owes to ||,IC Average* you drink, tbe clothes l:he
you wear, tbe tools you use,-your through the province, "whose stand playthings and studies and the power. | in this war shall some day shake
Canada from centre to circumfer-.
Ability of the Dominion a* a Producer of Food.
is put down, by those who have given thought to the subject, as be- Municipality of Shawville.
>ond dispute that Canada, of itself, I«uhJi< notice i- hereby given that
posed to enter upon any such eon- mrud4.hJrt he Valuators according to tract at the present time, however, M''’	^ *IJIS dcjiosited m my
it will probably be content with the Uface where it will lie open for inspec-knowledge that it could do so If it tion and examination by parties inter-would. What it is prepared to do, csted, and that on Monday, the sixth and what It appears to be bent on (lay of August, next, it shall be hoinolo-dolng, Is more to the purpose. East gated at the regular meeting of the and West there is another call, the Council, with or without amendment, third since the outbreak of the war, for an increase of acreage and of cultivation this spring, and the response promises a bumper harvest.
Everybody in Canada, It may be said broadly, has learned something useful in the last two and a half years, and the Canadian farmer is no exception to the rule. He knew as little of the real resources of his country in August, 1914, as did the miner, the manufacturer, the merchant, or the financier. Canada has I the Valuation Roll of the Municipality been a surprise to one and all, and a (,f the township of Clarendon has l$een revelation.	prepared by the Valuators according to
But what Canada is doing in foil jaw . that it has been deposited in my production to-day is only an earnes (dbce w),ere jt will remain open to in-
n>?a7kfu\ur,C*°Tbe 'chalrman of :h: ^ and examina.™ by ,-artie* in. Georgian Bay Canal Commission. Mr. ‘/reeled, and that on Monday, the sixth W. Sanford Evans, has recently been day of August, next, it «hall le homoloaddressing the farmers of Alberta on gated, at the regular meeting of the the agricultural opportunities of the Council, with or without amendment, country, and his remarks exhibit that Given at Shawville this 4th day of
comprehensive grasp of tbe question July, 1917.____________________________
which Is typical of the newer and larger Canadian view. Aside from tbe qualities of the soil, which are beyond dispute, and the possibility of almost unlimited expansion of acreage, Mr. Evans has been dealing with the Canadian transportation question In Its relation to world markets. Passing quickly over the possible rivals of the Dominion as raisers of breadstuffs, he points out the great advantages In Canada's favor.
For example, a grain-carrying vessel plying between a Canadian Atlantic port and Liverpool could deliver twice as much wheat in a shipping season as if It ran from either an Argentine port or a port In British India to the same market. This advantage puts Canada in a position to outbid all competitors for agrtcul-
I	I	tural Immigrants.
Advocates of equal suffrage who I There are confronting Canada at lave devoted much time to Its pro- the present time problems of more notion are turning their activities immediate interest than that of 1m-nto other channels, now .that the migration, but there la no secondary A similar relation with the chemist access of that cause appears to be I question of greater magnitude in the will fake time. For tbe present they usured. The Ontario Equal 8uf- Dominion than that of peopling, and should cultivate an acquaintance with ¦ rage League may be cited as an il- peopling rightly, the immense do-rbemlst and chemical literature.	I ustratloo. That body has reorgan- j mains that stretch from the Great
The chemist on bis pert, recognises I aed, under the name Ontario Cltl- Lakes to the Pacific. Canada has
ens League, and baa adopted a | found herself, and nothing can be ilatform including a
PUBLIC NOTICE
if
here was no particular cheering for Borderers as they passed

i
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
the Science of Chemistry.
AiVDOATE, Barrister, *c
hent and light that keep you comforts
Me lu tiie modern world—In every one ence," there was no hostility, of them is subtle chemical supervision jI*gory see ms to have expected
rrrri SSSS:!
mentally on chemical con.rol, and i. traln bad been stoned "there would find one that does not something iave been some strange faces in hell is probably the matter with it for that | .be next morning, and they would
not have been Highlanders." Whell ere Is another way of IllustratlngT:her he means that a Highlander
.here would not have been recog-E very body knows that much Las sized as a "strange face" we are un-bcen accomplished In the past few lble to determine, years by Intelligent study of people In Before concluding his spirited
fvronces of temperament, education. Jregory makes some remarks in hruius, strength, likes and dislikes. He nore serious vein, which are worth uses their natural abilities as far as quoting in full. He says: possible and, when these are too pro- "Meantime, what of the folks at _	n ou need In a certain direction, may acme? Are we playing the game oi
P“Uow about money? protested the tbeck 0De again8t another, as by bar- ire we looking for decorations? We banker. "W here would your factory noMlng ^reless energy and cautious bave been a young country, strug be without my financial aid?"	experience together. Even differences fling to get on our national feet, and
Tbe third man was an engineer. of nationality, politics and religion can business has so thoroughly saturated
CEORCE E. MORENCY\X.5MSUS asrSSRnfiRS	H
nnd accidents.	DOdy. Then, too, we have been liv-
Noxv comes the chemist and insists	Dg under such a nervous strain that
that the materials of Industry are Just	*e sometimes fail to regard things
about like the people. They are tern	’rom a proper viewpoint, and are in-
solved."	,, perumental. They have warm likes dined to be Irritable, and fond of
"All production rests on labor,” de- and d|a||kes for each other. Some are Indlng fault and of airing imaginary dared a workman In cap and over- energetic and some sluggish. They dif. grievance#. Then tbe Government le alls. "If I walk out of your factory ] fer wjlh maes temi>erature, time, and Earned for everything and a nice
Their differences arc as subtle	Klven to conversation by
whimsies, being detected alklng of pull* and ‘«rs t,' sad
= ?L7<,Ur etUffl” dUPPed ta tb# “,e- "Hr »l‘b the mkro^ope RUM.	“TJ Bfè «d l
GEORGE hynes u,.**r.'.r,»£«-*.»• ffssj
mmmm	] *1 am a chemist, be said, ^nd the same balance and working bar- gtlve men whom we, as citizens,
these are all chemical products. All	mony that the manager qf employees	iave elected to power and who sent
Fmka Imar sad Fun Aral	Director industry today la three-fourths cbem-	brings about with human beings.	>ur soldiers across the sea In honor's
c rn jdime a	t < ou	yoa may think that your steel We must all get acqqainted with each ,*u*e. have so far forgotten tbem-
\f tin Qfront Slnwville	rail was made In furnaces and mills	<hher on this new basis, says tbe cbem-	lelves that our national virtue, our
outvijO	by purely mechanical processes, but	i*t Bankers and business men must	lational conscience and our Cana
from start to finish It depends on	gct the chemical viewpoint and learn	Han honor have been banished from
PdfiDnal ittentiOn.Openallhours, ebemte*! exactneaa In material# and to pass on rbemlcnl value». They now >ur aboree	_
Bseutsrssu	xusasnzsn a
tanned shoe la a chemical achievement md start new enterprises. They must
______ I Chrome tanning Is a chemically exact learn to call In the chemist to the
and EM B A L M INC process. The necktie la made of artHL wme way and use bis knowledge to
dal silk, a chemical Imitation that Is clearing op technical problems. Their at once cheap, good looking and nee- relation with the engineer was not fnl. As for your can of beet the peck- taUllshed to a day. tog industry has been built up on
Mr.
196 Main St. - Hull.
A VITAL FORCE IN BUSINESS.
I
PHONE HELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
It Is an Exceptional Process or Manufacturing Plant In These Days That | y Does Not Rest Fundamentally Upon Chemical Control.

ADVOCATE
BARRI 3TER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
very reason.
Given at Shawville this 4tli day of July, 1017,
Six gentlemen gathered round a table on which were displayed a steel
Will be in Fort Uoulonge ever, Wed-1	» waterproof .hoe, a lift, cent
necktie and a tin of preserved beet
Each claimed credit for creating these
commodities. *
"All are products of our wonderful factory system/' said the man uf actor-"My foresight built the factory, and my management keeps It going."
chemic al control:
S. E. HODGIXS,
Sec.-Tmis.
nesdtiy and Shawville every Saturday.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
Province ot Quei>ec, Municipality of Clarendon.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
er.
Public notice :* hereby given that
191 MAIN ST.,
my professional ability In working out processes," be asserted. "Each of these articles embodies hundreds of
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OP
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of I engineering problems which 1 have Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries. &c.
E. T HODGIXS,
Executed carefully to the satisfaction of parties.
Treasurer.
SL
Hull. 1 everything stops."
j "I built up tbe consuming demand
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
so on
as human

c
Mail Contract
SEALED TENDERS, addressed to the Postmaster General, will lie received at Ottawa until noon, on Friday, the 10th August. 1017, for the conveyance of Hla Majesty'» Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six times on the route
Shawville R. R. No. 1
from the let October next.
Printed notice» containing further Information as to conditions of proposed Contract may be seen and blank forms of Tender may be obtained at the Post Office of Shawville, and at tbe office of the Post Office inspector, Ottawa.
Post Office Inspector's Office.
Ottawa, June 25. 1917.
f
Is It any wonder that
UNDERTAKING
Suffragettes Still Work.
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
P. F. COOLICAX.
Post Office Inspector.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.
All calls will receive prompt per
tonal attention
Chemical research, and this
probably paid for with chemical byproducts. Gentlemen, three-fourths of all cor
nufacturlng today la cheek-leal at bottom, and y pu must recognise that be ha* been too closely absorbed that fact If you are going to extend in bis profession and that be most now
and continus to make cultivate tbe acquaintance of tbe hank
Caretaker Wanted
number of
more certain than that with the re-
PATENTS
Temperance pro-
turn of peace an expansion
Applications for the poel taker for Shawville Acsdem.	I |
reived up to Mondav oest—Jaly Iff In fermât ion as to the bed from tne under
it ion of care-
your
du lg a tor» will doubt leee pursue a ment will set in for which no imllar course, oa the arrival of na- | allel. other than that which took
y will be re-
the business man and the man In
er
the street end show them where them let ry touches everyth lag lu modem Ufa James H Collins In Rsturday then
Enter a vital new factor In tnd oetry—cbemlca 1 control.
tie., may he
Workers for place south of tbe line In the decades certain to find immediately following the war
ad.
In all countries Ask for our INVENTORS ADVISER,which will be
MARION a MARION.
3DLI "*•< I
nufacturlng plants
ileaty to do, if not in one field, then ! n another	y
tween the states, la recorded in m
Ix>ok at our
th* even of the
I
In# Pnef.
<1
history
###PAGE###6###


until this very week. Ttiere is a mysterious woman among them now, and is immensely popular. Her presence caused the king to send for you.
She is working the peasants into frez-ies of enthusiasm.”
“How long did you say this woman has been here?” Kelly inquired, his keen interest being shown in voice and manner.
“Only a day or two. She has come here from Paris, where she is known for her charitable deeds and her interest in the poor and oppressed.”
Kelly sat for a moment silently con-hidering the outlook.
“You may tell the king that I will Water is a necessary constituent of health is to boil the water when th
mamiehf?=immm
sion with Duke Hester in another room throughout the body, and is a very Every care should be taken that the of the palace.	necessary agent in the process of source of water supply is uncontam-
“You must take me to the room digestion and elimination.	limited,
where the vault has been built. Then
HOW MAN BECAME CIVILIZED.
&ÎG
1
'ùmi/èl

Two
I Or dvr hall
Progress Came Through Primeval Man's Desire for Varied Diet
It is a common saying that the way to reach a man's heart is through his stomach, but it is not commonly known that man reached civilization through his stomach.
In the beginning of things man, a wild creature, more monkey than human, lived on roots and berries, science tells us, trying first this and that article and discovering by the “trial and error” method which was good and which was not considerable evidence that he kept to this vegetarian diet for many generations, never discovering the dietetic value of meat
Then the change came. Either the stock of herbs and wild fruits gave out In his vicinity or he got a taste of animal flesh after a forest Are, for he began to eat meat. Perhaps he killed an animal in combat and experimented on the raw flesh. No one will ever know just how he tasted It first HH
than the insipid vegetarian diet and became devoted to it.
When the wild animals grew elusive
and hard to kill he began to trap the stomach had tamed him and laid the beasts and hunt them systematically foundations for civilization, with an eye to providing for the lean When he quit making his main diet days. Following these days the sup- off raw meat and began cooking tho ply of animals began to diminish and animal flesh that came into his l*os* he became n hunter of considerable session he not only tickled his palate range. Even the new fields became but he improved hia disposition. He more difficult for him, and he hit upon became less savage, less bloodthirsty, the scheme of taming animals and more of a pacifist. The very net of raising them within stockades or in raising grain, part of which he learned prison valleys so that they would be to eat and part of which he gave to onThand for any day of need. Catching the stock, tamed him, for by it he neg-the wild boars, he within a cerfain lected his combative instincts, which
P	. _	___ number generations produced the1 had been called upon so strenuously
of eggs, txto tahlvspoonfuls of corn- the fire and add: one teaspoonful van- bog; the wild bovine herds he turned during the days when he fought with starch, two tablespoonfuls	of w^ter.	HI*; one-half cupful	sugar, stiffly	into cattle. By taming he	made the	wild animals,	hunted	them	with	spear
Dissolve starch	in water	and add	beaten white of egg.	Pour in small	modern sheep out of the	mountain	and arrow.	%
scalding milk.	Cook for three min-	pudding mold, set in	cool place to	gOBtg and sheep. Various	kinds of
utes. Remove	from fire.	Beat in	mold. Turn the pudding from the	birds he caught and transformed into	to THE VICTORS	OF	VIM Y	RIDGE.
yolks of eggs and pour in a dish lined mold, cut with sharp knife in one-inch chickens and tame ducks.	----
with sponge cake. When'cool, cover s^068 and place on fruit platter. Cov. was his stomach that he was Brave, splendid men of Canada . The loading and the unloading of with meringue made from whites 0f er with cru*hed and sweetened berries. thinking of.	Who went abroad to die,
the big ore boats of tho i.n at hakes Vggs beaten very stiff, with two ounces Currant-Gooseberry Jam.—To a . Gradually he became accustomed to Whose bodies lie in yonder France, are accomplished	with	remarkable	of 8Ugar, an(j one cupful of crushe(i	gallon of gooseberries use one	quart of	living near his herds. The next	step	Under a foreign sky,
g. According	to	I	he «tory or	strawberries which have been folded	red-currant juice prepared as foi\ jelly, |	was the erection of a more or	less	who won the hard-fought victory
hteel. an ore boat was	loaded at Du-	in ttfter the effg8 are whipped.	»nd six pounds of sugar.	Make a	permanent abode, a home that he	de-	On Vimy Ridge, the blest,
Cherry Roll.—Make a plain pastry	syrup with the currant-juice	and the	gerte(j only when his herds had	ex-	gafe may you lie, oh, noble men,
of one cupful of flour, one-half tea- suKar; then add the gooseberries that hausted the pastures in the vicinity. And take your well-earned rest, spoonful salt, one teaspoonful baking hiive been stemmed and tailed
mer slowly until the berries are a pretty clear red color, then fill into glass
stage, and pour over the fruit, and seal.
\
she
t
[*c rtilizers
PUDDLE
Reasons
Why
Now
111
MASK
the dealer can order out his fertilizer in cars loaded to full capacity, which hold twice as much as average-loaded car# Just half as many cars are needed—the other half are a t free for other uses. Freight congestion is relieved. You stand a better chance fertilizer.
A Patriotic Pi industries, all our national resources, all our efforts can give a full measure of wartime service, and ao fertilizers can have a chance to increase our national food supply.
Writ* for Particulart_
SOIL IMPROVEMENT COMMITTEE
of tha____
NATIONAL FERTILIZE* A3SN.
A
COURSE IN HOUSEHOLD SCIENCE COMPLETE IN
TWENTY-FIVE LESSONS.
Qp Grace (\uvc\rd
Novelized from the Motion Picture Play of the Same Name by the Universal Film Mfg. Co.
Lesnon II.—The Function of Water
There is
of getting your
So all our
%
#
Ihe presence of water in the blood The reason that boiled water has a
slills
they were in, compelled the three pas- cealed admiration. "They told us son it is necessary to take a large It is especially beneficial to drink a sengvrs to act with extreme prompt- you would dare anything in behalf of amount, at least two quarts daily, in glass of hot water before breakfast ness to save their lives. Phil Kelly, the poor, and that is why we sent for ( order to preserve health. Besides the Drinking water with the meal is not
e
hi,;,
M
At any rate he liked it better
It is likely to cause an increase
The danger means nothing, if I can
SUUUBI1C„.	accomplish the purpose that these. counter act the loss of moisture oc- in weight in fleshy persons
Pat hauled the Sphinx from his re- poor people have intrusted to me,” the casioned bv sweating. —	|
cumbent position on the burning wing girl responded
of the airplane.	_	_ ________,	_____________________________
into the branches of the tree herself, of numbers on a piece of paper and sential to the preservation of he kith, heit is the right temperature.
immediately Appeared upon the scene Over and over again Pat studied the a group of excited and astonished figures, and when he was assured they farmers who had been attracted to the were fixed in her mind. Duke Hester
scene by the brilliantly burning air- tore the slip of paper into small bits' tll rd of one cupful" of milk, two "yolks cook three minutes.
the fire and add: one teaspoonful van-one-half cupful sugar, stiffly
sciousness
—	; A glass of water after meals aids
And as she was Pure drinking water and an abund- digestion. Drinking very cold water Then she clambered speaking Duke Hestor wrote a series ance of it is therefore absolutely es- is harmful; 46 to 65 degrees Fahren-
Disease germs are often present in rule people do not drink sufficient wa-
Seasonable Recipes.
saucepan and stir until starch is dis-Make a eus-1 solved, then bring to boiling point and
Remove from
Strawberry Charlotte
plane. Willing hands assisted the anj thrust the particles into his girl into a nearby house, while others puvket carried the partly unconscious detective into another farmer’s home.
Pat soon recovered her composure and aside from a few scratches that would soon be forgotten, discovered that she had escaped miraculously from a terrible death. Then, rejoicing in her good fortune, the girl left the friendly shelter her good Samaritans had provided and made her way, in the early dawn, to the hangar _ where her automobile was waiting.
When Kelly had collected his senses luth in September, lb 15. with 11.262 and started to investigate, he found, tons of ore in one hour. At one of the in the room where Pat had been shel-	Erie ports, the great Hulett un-
iSS*™
bring her into activity—that would tracks over the pockets, and the ore ov«n. Bake in moderate oven eggs
give her a chance to exercise her char- u dumped automatically. Then the thirty-five minutes. Serve with fruit infection is dirty or damp nests. Eggs, itable instincts and do something in t care are switched over to the sauce-	like milk, make an excellent place for
the interest of the oppressed. \ at s	track and started back to the Banana Cake.—One-half cupful su- bacterial growth and development and
.-s
throughout France.	port, slips Into the basin and is made spoonfuls water, three-fourths cupful shell of the egg is porous to admit the
In the principality of Dufrane there fast to the dock. The ship, six hun flour» one »nd one-half teaspoonfuls passage of air in and out, but it is were certain conspiracies fomenting. drod feet iong and only sixty feet baking powder. Beat well to mix, coated with a mucilaginous matter coal affecting thousands of Can-King Fergus had aroused the enmity j	Jg a gteel gbell with houses at then carefully fold in the stiffly beaten which prevents the entrance of bac- adian homes may become a reality
p,	— " — —
months before "had bequeathed to a engine room in the stern. There are »n a hot oven. Cool, split and fill with fore, eggs should not be washed, held fund she intended should be used to hatches six feet apart all down the crushed bananas.	in damp, musty places, or handled
relieve the distress of the poor.	long, open deck between the houses. Strawberry 1 udding.—One and one- more than necessary, and should be who 8aV that ™a,le mey. J, r J*
These were the outward conditions As soon as the ship is made fast the half cupfuls cold water, five table- marketed or preserved as soon after everything possible to assist r .	.
when there came one morning to Phil hatches are opened and from the ore spoonfuls cornstarch. Place in a laying as possible.	Magrath, Controller of vans
Kelly a message from King Fergus to ^ckets above are let down chutes —-  —	- -	___ J- _ Supply, the co-operation of the con-
¦SSEl
my father, has decided that he shall dust itself catches fire only slowly, large area round about, and the dope* keep the jewels, and has locked them and then doe8 not bum with a flame, near by are «till furrowed by the rivers in his private safe." i The sawdust blanket was completely of water that courted down them.
sfêrt53,,SJf * srsita m t-usi ïïÆi’r-r-raa
3:	us s nsiarsistt iïz	3
throne, and he is very popular with the on viacuous than on thin liquids as the area of Its base was about two people. There may be an uprising at jt floate more readily on the former *nd a half scree, In compel eon with any hour and the king may be de- ^	the Uttar. The sawdust the few square rods of the American
“Yea, he does,” the prince replied, the liquid. Mixing sodium bicar-, where observera took ****** rlSf “and, unfortunately, he and the king bonate with the sawdust increases its. #n#doma. Oee dhy In Angeet, 1W», are the only ones who can open the „mciency materially, door to the vault.*•
“If the duke were able to procure
the gems, could he sell them readily ?" was Kelly’s next question.
“Tee, indeed,” was the immediate
(To be continued.)
ORE CARRYING VESSELS
Speed With Which Ships Are Loaded on the Great Lakes.
/
surt-
out of this pastoral age he developed the agricultural period, adding The blood-soaked soil which folds you
to the forage of his live stock by Is pregnant with new life, planting for its benefit. His motive in With seeds of fine and splendid Truth,
The end of woe and strife.
Boil the juice down to the jelly
settling down and forming commun!
ties was largely the conservation of For none can die more bravely his meat supply.	Their splendid youth laid down
Slowly civilization began to dawn. And all the world not better he
And Man not wear a Crown!
How Egg* Are Spoiled.
Most eggs when laid contain very Thrown in company with others of his few or no bacteria that would cause kindf he began to talk better, to live
decomposition, and the entrance of better, to think better. Tribes form- The generations yet unt these micro-organisms usually takes ^ Government became a thing to be Will pilgrim to this shrine,
,place because of carelessness or ne- considered. Laws were made. Jus- With bowed heads and hearts uplift, gleet on the part of those handling the t|ce wa8 administered. Man had ceased For such brave deeds as thine.
One of the chief sources of to be a wanderer, a lonely man. His	—Elizabeth Hope.
9 9
rn
in

I
THE COAL SHORTAGE
anticipated shortage in hard stead of being delayed by loading with
return freight, although this move means added expense. 9
Within a few days the coal merchants will thus have prospect of rapid deliveries, but unless consum-co-operate by giving their orders to the merchants now for their winter supplies, then unloading cars quickly, the congestion experienced , last winter will be accentuated and prices may rise to unheard of heights. Consumers are also recommended to
The
orders to the dealers till fall.
This is the opinion of railway men
era
an
/

D
A
a party was on the slope below this building watching the boiling pod.
A new microphone to collect sounds As the approach of the explosion be-and convey them to Um ears of portly came more Imminent the guide warn
g . .	! . A
-, A
Redpath refining methods produce no second Krade sugar. We make and sell one grade only—the highest—so that you will never get anything but the best under the name of Redpath.
“Let Redpath Sweeten it ”

W

i ^
la ao compact that it can be worn un- ! obeyed. The mother of one of the der a man's necktie.	young ladles called to her; but ah#
The wheat crop of practically the wanted to take another photograph,
entire world has suffered serious
duct inn during the past year, and the *f " During that m prospect* for the coining year promise tloe occurred, and the disobedient
little or no increase in the production young lady and her three companion»
| were swept to a tragic death.
is an immensely
Use palace there wealthy banker who has* made it
bliely that anyone who will
y have the
* r
*-e

:.ub the
the emp-
li
f
a
"SRli.
Canada, Sugar Refining Co., Limited, Montreal.
4%,
of m*

###PAGE###7###
/
"The Poor Man’s |
Potato” has become the rich man’s luxury. Whether at three dollars a bushel, or twenty-five cents a bushel, potatoes are not a complete food. Two or three Shred* ded -Wheat Biacuita with milk fShiish more real, body-building nutriment than a meal of potatoes or meat, are much more easily digested and cost much less. Shredded Wheat is 100 per cent, whole wheat, nothing added and nothing taken away—gives mental vim and physical vigor for the hot days. Delicious for breakfast, or any meal, with sliced bananas, berries or other fruits, and milk.
Made in Canada.
Good Citizens.
CHILD-LOVER'S SO NO.
---- I Oh, gtre us men with visions clear)
O Thou who glv'ei what most 1 prize ' With rugged hearts, who know no Ths love of little children)	fear!	*
No gem so precious in mine eyes—» I Great men of prescience, brave and The love of little children 1	bold;
What hand but Thine could e’er bn*| Unshaken by the lure of gold;
Who ftght for truth, whate’er their
WILL THE JEWS RETURN 7
A Great Remedy
r|R HENDERSON’S Herb 1*reat-jnent (tablets), the treat blood riser, will cure rheumatism, constipation, scsema, kidney, liver, atom-
It U on# of th. romance# of history I »Uh	ôrr° « “',#/Vor I,
which will be noted more particularly I postpaid, Hendereon Herb Co.. Dept
when the hurly-burly of the war has	121 A *oront0'
E
FM
ft
Under • Stable Government the Holy Land May Again Prosper.

G
part
ceased, that the advance of the British force which took the town of Gaza wae across the very wilderness in which the Children of Israel sojourned for forty years ere they reached the Promised Land. It Is not improbable that the world will learn some morning of the fall of Jerusalem, the accomplishment of a task which has been in hand, off and on, for seven hundred years.
The present derelict state of the Holy Land must not be regarded as its natural aspect. There *an be no doubt that In the Bible v days it was one of the most fertile lands in the world. That was when primitive implements were used in agriculture. How much more fruitful might it be to-day under the stimulus of modern methods ?
Ancient prophecy says that after Armageddon the Holy Land shall be restored to its ancient people, the Jews, and it certainly looks as if the REIGN OF THE CROWN PRINCE, fulfilment of this promise were at
hand, or, at least, its practicability.
Germany is Ruled by the Sentiment* If a stabIe government under the
' British or French be established, there can be little doubt but tens of It is customary to look forward to- thousands of Jews will return to the ward the reign of the Crown Prince of Old Country.
Germany with a certain amount of foreboding; but in essence, if not in fact, the Crown Prince is already on the throne, says Prof. Shaw, of New York University. It ie as credible a belief that the kaiser did not want war as that the heir apparent did. The kaiser seems to have preferred his yacht to the U-boat, but Prince appears to have serious pastimes
The love little children?	WM ,
No wealth ae this can fill my heart— | The man, 6 Lord, to make a state.
The love of little children.
Hok fair the hour that first begot Thd love of little children!
How drear the day that llghteth not The love of little children!
Within mine Inmost soul inwrought—
The love of little children;
Oh, sweet beyond my sweetest thought—
The love of little children!
—Gerald F. Joy.
fate)
FRIENDS
For Play and Pleasure
When Your Eyes Need Care The frlends that love u« always,
VeeMurineEre Medicine. NoWmertln»- F>eU	W hen we go their way OF not,
flee—Acte Gaickl/. Trr it for iu<f Week, Are the friends that hearts remember
compounded by our Oeillet/-not a‘‘Patent	When the others are forgot.
nsed 1 nIPh/elolan»* The friends that stick the closest
the Public and mold by Druggiete at 60o per When the trouble grows the worst;
|The frle"dl that love us always Murine Eye Remedy Oo-npeny. Chicago. Ad?. | Just the way they did at first.
-------?--------
Mlnard'e Liniment Cure» Diphtheria.
To Canada.
And thou, my country, write it on thy heart,
Thy sons are they who nobly take thy part;
Who dedicates his manhood at thy shrine,
Wherever born, is bom a aon of thine.
>

He’ll Get Even.
-
1 “No; 111 break about even by hauling autos out of mudholes."
»
The summer months are the most dangerous to children plaints of that season, which are cholera infantum, colic, diarrhoea and
dysentry, come on so quiekly that of-|veloped a steel for cutlery that ia said ten a little one is beyond aid before I to be nonrusting, unstainable and the mother realizes he is ill. The j tarnishable mother must be on her guard to prevent these troubles, or if they do
come on suddenly to cure them. No f iancek. tumors, lumps. ETC. other medicine is of such aid tomoth- JL/ tourwu	-ittj
ers during hot weather as is Baby s before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical I Own Tablets. They regulate the Cq.._ Limited^ Colling wood Qnt In short-sleeved shirt and a pair stomach and bowels and are of overalls a small boy can start out |y safe. Sold by medicine dealers to do most any of the things he wants 0r by mail at 26 cents a box from The to do, such as making a railroad, dig- Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville. ging a trench or even fighting the Ont. enemy. The overalls illustrated are McCall Pattern No. 7824, Boy’s Overalls; in two lengths 4 to 14 years
The com-
Klnsrd’e Liniment Cures Distemper
En/lish manufacturers have de-
o
un-
YES ! MAGICALLY I CORNS LIFT OUT
0 MoCai*
of the Degenerate Prince.
WITH FINGERS
You say to the drug store man, “Give me a «mill bottle of freezone.’' This will cost very little but will positively remove every hard or soft corn or callus from one’s feet,
A few drops of this new ether compound applied directly upon a tender, aching com relieves the soreness instantly, and soon the entire corn or caJlus, root and all, dries up and can be lifted off with the fingerj.
This new way }o rid one’s feet of corns was introduced by a Cincinnati Mailed fre^hJ°A*^ored'lre,s I man, who says that freezone dries in
H. CUT GLOVER CO., Inc. | 1 mo ment and .imply .hriv-1. up the
118 West 31 *t Street, New York I corn or callua without irritating the ¦ ¦ ——J surrounding ski:.
aiuai ¦ pu m .un* Don,t ,et father die of infection or
THICK, SWOLLEN GLANDS lockjaw from whittling at his corns,
but clip this out and make him try it.
' If your druggist hasn’t any freezone tell him to order a small bottle from his wholesale drug store for you.
A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN
When baying your, Plena Insist on having an
"OTTO HIQEL” PIANO ACTION
Can be Averted by Feeding the Starved Nerves With Rich,-
Red Blood.
Watch for overloading, overspeed- I ing, ill-fed and badly harnessed horses, \ for warm weather is with us, when -the horse feels these cruelties more than at any other season of the year.
Cut in 6 sizes; Price, 15 cents. Boy’s Shirt Blouse No. 6420, in 6 sizes; 4 to 14 years. Price, 10 cents.
the Crown
chosen more Just when the , kaiser abdicated psychologically in favor of his son is not a matter of recorded date, but the fact remains that "Germany of to-day is ruled by the sentiments of the Prince.
The kaiser is a reminiscence, the Prince a harsh reality, and it is the decadent spirit of the Prince which
mil
a place on earth, and false to them-	. \ comp etey shat- A fashionable combination of plain
selves if they indulge the fond as- ^	, V P	™ght’ and and Pl»W gingham is shown in this
sumption that Germany is false and	morn!ng was ee. cunning frock. This ia^a practical as
bad, while all other nations involved	V	1 to , '	1 8eem" well a# a very smart model for a vaca-
1h the war a/e true and good. The *d	on ” ” 4of a ™youM tion frock for a small girl. McCall .	I	J	¦	*	¦
difference between Germany and the ^^down	At this stage * began ! Pattern No. 7766, Girl’s Dress, in 6 "	not ^u.te	the same thing as the
other nations lies in the fact that îhe,P8e of D * Williams I ink I ills, sizes; 4 to 14 years. Price, 16 cents. *roceI 8 wagon the others went to war with the best In ï® (jour8e of a f*w weeks I felt These patterns may be obtained that was in them to the front, the "I0*?	J*nd cont,"ulnR the use,from your local McCall dealer, or from
worst to the rear. France was ready °f	**y comple‘ely restored, the McCall Co., 70 Bond St, Toronto.
sSSSSjfiE	-w _... _ m
lend decided to subsume snobbery and y	t D William*’ Pink Make a new dust cloth with an at-	.	.
mmm mm
ssïz srtï toa2£S c a »..... — -... -	b*™‘ wri" , i:	s
Natures Little Jokes.	I out into the summer rain for a frolic.
As the suits are easily made at home, the children could afford to have them ready for a rainy day, especially as I fell from a building and received they save good clothes and furnish so what the doctor called a very bad much genuine fun. On an extremely sprained ankle, and told me I must hot day, thus equipped, they may frolic not walk on it for three weeks. I got fa the back-yard with the hose. MINARD’S LINIMENT and in six days I was out to work again, think it the best Liniment made.
ARCHIE E. LAUNDRY
Nourish your nerves—that is the only way you can overcome life’s worst misery, nervous exhaustion. The fits of depression and irritation, the prostrating headaches, ’he weakness and trembling of the legs, the unsteady hand and the imperfect digestion that mark the victim of nerve weakness, must end in nervous breakdown if neglected.
BOOK 021
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
A late spring, labor shortage and the extra amount of land to be broken up for fall seeding will reduce the area planted to roots in Britain this year.
tiyz
America's Pioneer Dof Re

Mlnard’s Liniment Curse Colds. Etc
£
that make a horse Wheeze,
The superintendent of a boys’ re- ^"chokL'dlw^c^'be-fcrmatory characterizes the homes as reduced with the “first institution for the production of good citizens.” He emphasized the influence of a father on the life of the
boy, and declared that the mother'tan also ether Bunches or Swelling». Mo blister, not discharge the duty of both t arents. *“> half	h°r,e keP* a'.w°rk; tc°-
A médirai ...miner m	.,.t, rirS'^iSkdüŒ'iwiïS
declares that of ten cases of youthful ABSORBING JR., the antiseptic liniment for delinquency nine can be traced to lack mankind, reduces Cysts, Wens, Painful,
Hanging around a railway w. F. rouas, p. o r„ 6is lym.n. Bid,, Montr.ii, c.a L. rinkham » Vegetable
- rw* „d	^ » ca	Compound Relieve.
Suffering.
A Father’s Influence
Your
/XBSORBiNE
NOTICE TO
SICK WOMEN
<D McCall
e n t
yard and “cutting behind” a passing vehicle may be only what father did when he was a boy, but railway yards have grown more crowded since his time, and a high-powered automobile
For Pimply Faces
Try Cuticura
Bridgeton, N. J. — " I cannot speak too highly of Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound fot inflammation and other weaknesses. I waa very irregular and would have terrible pains so that I could hardly take • step. Sometimes I would be so miserable that I could not sweep a room. I doctored part of the time but felt no change. I later took Lydia EL Pink-bam’s Vegetable Compound and soon felt a change for the better. I took it until I was In good healthy condition.
I recommend the Pink ham remedies to all women as I have used them with such good results. ’’—Mrs. Milford T. Cummings, 322 Harmony St., Penn’s Grove,
Such testimony should be accepted by all women as convincing evidence of ¦¦¦	of Lydia E
Vegetable Compound as a remedy the distressing ills of women such displacements, inflammation,ulceration, backache, painful periods, and kindred ailments.
S$É
MONEY ORDERS
WHEN ordering goods by mail, send a Dominion Express Money Order.

Soap and Ointment
Samples F tu by Post
A simple, easy, speedy treatment. Smear i the pimples \ \ withCuticura \
Learn to Swim.
Swimming is an accomplishment of
7
/
Ointment, wash off \ A / in five minutes with \ V /A} , Cuti cura Soap and hot	"
waterand continue bathing for some minutes. Use night and morning.
pimples, redness, roughness, Itching and irritation, dandruff,Etching scalp and falling hair, red, rough hands and baby rashes, these fragrant emollients are wonderful as well as ideal for the toilet.
taken counsel with the worst
For
Nature Is not ordinarily to be accused of trying to be funny, but once In a while she seems to Indulge In a bit of humor on her own account Of this a very remarkable example Is found In a species of crab plentiful In Japan
back a Japanese face. It la the face of a fierce warrior of old Japan.
The Japanese have a tradition to so-.count for thli curious phenomenon.
Lead suitable for the casing of tea The story harks back a few centuries, la needed at Amoy, China. European to a period when the s dealers formerly supplied this duct.
WOULD YOU HAVE HEALTH?
“Eat less and Breathe more.
Talk leas and Think more.
Ride less and Walk more.
Clothe Less and Bathe more. Worry less and Work more. Waste less and Give more. Preach less and Practice more.”
the excellence
Pinkhara’s
for

waters. It bears on Its
u. 5.
hr
City Eye Specialists Tell How To
Strengthen Eyesight 50% In a
Weeks Time In Many Instances
Edmonton
that wash
pro-1 the shores of their archipelago were much beset by ferocious pirates.
To put a stop to their depredations
Awful Loss.
e fleet of fighting ships was prepared. Gertrude, aged 8, sat in her high and there presently ensued "a battle of chair at the dinner table turning about the most desperate kind with the |n her fingers a small ear of corn from pirate fleet—the buccaneers being which she had been nibbling formidably organized.	, time. Suddenly she buret Into
The pirates were defeated, their tear* ships sunk; and, no quarter being 11 given, they were wiped out to the last That was the end of organised piracy In those waters.
Bo far, the story Is historically authentic. One la at liberty to believe or not fhe theory entertained by the I Japanese to this day, thât the souls of the men Slaughtered and drowned in that battle entered the bodies of
crabs.	'	1
If you discredit the Idea, they will •how you
which has the face of a Japanese fighting man on its back, more, the face, with Its bloated features, Is that of a drowned man.
A curious point about this taira crab, as It la called, Is that ft has a set of supplementary legs, by the help of which. If It happens to be turned ever,
It can run swiftiv on Its back.
*
\
/
Can Have Junctlvltie and ephlphora. Her syesfstrain arising from protracted micro, omo.	when not congested had the dull, suf- I scop tea I research work. Bon-Opto used
j	| fumed expression common to such casea according to directions rendered a sur-
Boston. Mass.—Victims of sys strain Having run out of her medicine a I prising service. I found my eyee reend other eye weaknesses, and those friend suggested Bon-Opto. Bhe used markably strengthened, so much so I
“Whet I. the mettez, deer?"	gXrSWttSiZSZV'X;;
"IT, lost my piece!” eobbed tho Ht-	lîT 5M SIMSSS,	.9'# £SS£J& ‘
tie one.	many who once wore glasses say glasses and her headache and neuralgia 1 case were so Improved that glasses
they have thrown them away. One I left her. In this Instance I should say I have been discarded by the patient.** man mays, after using It:	"I was al-1 her eyesight was Improved 100%. l| Eye troubles of many description»
Lend worked thi. ,e.r for the first 3T i	U
r S ssstss-1	SHsysi. ‘.r:.::
lJre<3 yee wb,ch office suffering with an Infected sye. stsp# to save them now bef|
S^"%S,s52:,9,£ ^".SiSySSgSj1®*
sr	S	e	£s:--“
¦lam.	T	?“	“J ln e<"" d">* «h.Jggg. .r. g
BsnuSB	A~,Wr
Bare looked like a dim green blur to rsc*M
ru	- — i b£..........
the sooth
Mi Opts, after removal of apply It locally to all burs and spots on the eyeball or
&	2SeSS5	r;:;- - -
as a tunic for the eyeball itself the p r vie inn 4» roads rod mnre acute.
mrlntldn Y<m | and Use at H
a row at
Filled


r
/
A

A

Grape-Nuts

Made from choice whole wheat and malted barley, this famous food retains the vital mineral elements
of the grain, ao for balanced nourishment, but lacking in many cerral f-.o.l*
From every standpoint —good flavor, rich nourishment, easy digestion, convenience, economy, health from childhood to old age—Grape-Nuts food.
the crabs, >tvery one of
vvW \ \ \
to take
ore It I#
tisl
Further
fx DODDS
? Kl DNEY ;
k. PULS
thw
' \
Its
Bad hare
retained lu nor- | n* n* f «itfeHHHri (croea eyes) | pnfleets surgeons knife by the f y «>ur collyrluaa The ¦ fittyteidod n
widely
I ke
if I»
* c
Tit.
V
ll
I

w L *
It Is
1
- I
k.
'tï i K w
lea
moam
MN
l>
oil
V

It la_ believed that
sad
f
to
la
V

re Inmtll Bon-Opto foreign bodies and

h
Whatever the fashionable tailor may ¦ay, the
end
*

of to-
really we ire khgki
Is e
SIHn# or smt
as to

«dS I pa tret

I
Of
If le sa
getting
K
my
> I
IJ C ? f 5
#y*

The

I
aty
prm«
says: -A patient I suffering from
la
for the
“There's a Reason"
The
to


It le
la cis f pea—d V » all


XJ5PWr •*
Dr. fotser nay*
a of
with all the
aafl
dm | alee by U.



»S
If.1 f
al »

ketttfe a Co
•17.
ISSUE

###PAGE###8###
INSURANCE

ê
You undouhtvdly have a few nvw yon would Hkv framed, li
1‘icture framing a
Call
ni u it's
ml set.* sample*
UtV. H, l MISON
Tie Shawville Bool and Sloe Store

I
Ps&WMBrsiKt
A highest p^kyeid^
; : ^$93 Somerset St
s Ottawa.
i
i

AT THE LOWEST HATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST

STARKS
4
is
i
4
tncial livid at the lumse of Mr.
l-’ultonl on Friday evening, July uiMpives of the Lad tea
f Stark< Corner*, watt a derided No charge for Policy FeO.
S tl„. wvatlivi U'i.igalltlmt	C(l„ or wrlte ,or lute- »n,l PtrtlcuUn..
r-
Th
%v
COMPAN IBS.
1
Economy in Shoe Purchasing.
mu's (Ith, mulvr tin
i
\ul
S st
AN
Ivsiml. A large crowd
enjoyable evening wan spent, la amounted to $90.61.
A pleasing feature ot the program \\.i> the presence of the iSlmwville quar tette, who rendered several selections which were loudly applauded. The I the community are due to Mr. and Mrs. Fulford
for their hospitality in opening their dwelling and grounds for the
E. FAR IS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
IN
!
I
BR EC KEN RIDGE
Trespass Notice.
Any person or person* found trespass* Ing in any manner whatsoever on Lot S. W. I of on the 7th Range of Clarendon, after this notice will be prosecuted as the
htxx ,,lltct^fRS R B ARMSTRONG, July Oth. 1U17.
Low Prices . .
Many people purchase low priced Shoes under the impression that it is Economy to do so ; but it is not Economy, because low priced shoes Must necessarily be made from low Priced materials—give half the wear And cost more in the end than high
Grade shoes.
handle the best makes at price very little higher than the ordinary low grade shoes.
Buy your Footwear from us and be Convinced of its superior quality.
thanks
them and also t
Are the ruling features of our store, wtyle the goods we offer iq
Stoves, Ranges, Tinware, &c.
Are the Best Makes and Latest Patterns.
A call will convince you of these facts.
Yours for Spring- Trade.
SPUMOUS
occasion
Tliv Sunshine Mission (.lass, lately organized at Starks Vomers, held a sale useful articles during the evening,
t will'll amounted to
4
TO LET
the proceeds *29.50.
Best Farmers’ Hotel
in Pontiac
Onk Who was Thkri
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
G. W. DALE
You van buy the same from us as it y dealer, <>f Kastmans K<>-l.iks and supplies. Amateur finishing a
H. IMIson, Photo Artist.
THE RUSSELL HOUSE
IIIV (
Dining Room mul -- Red Rooms furnished Yard, Sheds and Stables
Vpply at once
inky
i
Largo
We
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
CONFEDERATION
(i. XV. DALK,
XV. A. HODV.1NS
LIFE EST. 1871
CANADA owes a debt of gratitude to the faraeeina Statesmen who realized that the amalgamation of the four provintr. Ontario. Quebec, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, would one day form a part of the great Empire.
HAVE YOU THE FORK8IUHT TO PROTECT VOIR FAMILY AN1> BE rvHE THEIR rt'TVRK WITH .	.	.
FARM FOR SALE.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
flood dairy farm, part of Lots 4 and ft, first Concession of Bristol, containing 300 acres—100 valuable bush. For particulars apply to owner,
1). J. CRAIG, Raymond, Alta., or to (1. T. DRUMMOND, Bristol,;Que.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
P. E. SMILEY.
A CONFEDERATION LIFE-POLICY ?
HAY ON SHARES
Confederation Life Association.
H. G. ANDKRSON, Agent.
P. SKWKLL ROB A RTS, Di< Man
Custom Sawing1.
The undersigned offers a quantity of good quality hay on shaies to anyone disposed toandertoke the work of reaping and saving same. Apply at once.
DUNCAN CAMPBELL.
Maryland.
NOTICE OF CATTLE IMPOUNDED.
Local and District.
On Sunday evening next, July >>ml. the Oddfellows will attend
it the Methodist L|
FOR SALE

that there were .icvil in my vusioiy f»u the sth ot July
instant, the following yearling cattle, namely J roan >tcvr, 2 red steer* and 3 heifers, mostly red. I he owners are requested to call and remove the animals at once, first piying poundage tees, eo>t of advertising and other expenses
I hereby give i
:
TAILORING
divine Church
The work meeting of the Shaw-ville H. M. Club, will be held on Friday evening of this week, instead of Thursday, owing to the Bishop's visit here, and will be held at the home of Mrs. Ben. Smith.

i vice
At old prices - - -
7 Single Top Buggies 1 Kx press
1 Low-down Manure Spreader slightly used
FOR SALE
1 New Single Buggy 1 Good 2-Sea ted Buggy 1 Set Single Harness Also some other tools and othei small articles. Apply to
MRS. KNIGHT, Slmwville.
We have a large stock of Goods in latest colors
GRAY, BLUB,
and other very fashionable shades
Call and look them over.
J. L. HOI WINS,
Sim wvillt
incurred
STEWART FCLFORD,
Poimdkeei
Caldwell, of
Mi. find Mr*. W.t
Ottawa, accompanied by Mr. J. A • Caldwell, motored to Slmwville Saturday evening to -p« nd Do-
lay the guetta of Mr. and Mrs. Wallace ilynea of Zion section.
THE MEDDLESOME WREN
Starks Corners, July 9, 1917
Something About n Bird That All
Canadians Know.
THE MARKETS
The
food dealers for a supply mills cannot be expected to keep this material for poultry unless it is demanded for that pm pose and that rests with the* poultry men themselves.
in in ion c
Late one afternoon when I wat busy in the garden near the end of the vineyard where there was a bird-box, I suddenly heard the loud emphatic note of a bluebird mingled with the chiding cackle and chattel of a housewren. I saw the bluebird dive savagely at the wren and drive him into a currant-bush, where he would scold and "sass hack," and then break out in a shrill, brief song.
Presently a female oriole cam» and Joined the bluebird In persecuting
ck from with
harsh chatter pnd snatches cf tantalizing song. The bluebird took up hie stand on the grape-poet that supported the bird-box In which the wren had n nest, and from this outlook he grew eloquent In his denunciation of wrens. His loud, rapid voice and the answering cackle ol the wren attracted the attention ol their bird neighbors. Four roblnf came, one after another, and perched on the top i of surrounding posts, silent but interested spectators. A male oriole came, n cat-bird came two song-sparrows came, and then a male goldfinch perched near by. The birds were evidently curious know what all this altercation waf about—very human in this respect.
After the bluebird had eased hi?
Airs i	„
the entrance to the nest, looked in "We were off the northern coast Instantly the wren was on his back of Newfoundland, Just two weeks scolding excitedly.	The bluebird	away from	Boston harbor:	tot lji
turned to seize him.	but was noi	said 1,300	miles—1,300 merry,	mis-
qulck enough, and	there was e	enable, wonderful, rolling mii« -	An-
brown streak, with	a blue streak	I we all fell	to singing:
close behind it, to the nearest currant-bush, in which the wren again chattered and sang In derision. The bluebird again resumed his perch above the nest and was louder and more emphatic than ever In his protests. It was really very amusing to see the bluebird	stand up so
straight there on the post, like s stump orator, delivering bis phllllplc against the wren. His whole hearing and tone expressed Indignation and an outraged sense of Justice. I fancied him saying and neighbors, i want to bear witness before you of the despicable character of this chattering, skulking, Impudent bouse-wren,^^ He is an Intolerable nuisance my path dally. Every honest bird hates him. He fills up the borne# be cannot occupy with bis rubbish, and assaults me If 1 look into them and criticise his conduct. He Is sly and meddlesome, and a disturber of the peace. He has the manners of m blackguard and the habits of a thief and a despoiler. His throat and tongue are brass, and his song Is is harsh as the twigs be makes bis nest of. I ask you to Join me in putting him down.” His audi nee listened and looked on with interest. I will not say with amusement. The humor of the situation probably appealed to
The birds were only anxious to find out If a possible common danger threatened them all. But
SHAWVI1LE
Mrs. Frank Armstrong,, ot tin-village who tor some time hail been suffering considerably, went to Ottawa some days ago and was operated oil tor ma-toid. Although a critical one, the operation was successfully performed.
Flour per barrel #14.( 0 Wheat, pel bushel. #2.10 to 2 25 Oats, per bushel, toe.
Beans per bushel, ffi.OO.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 25o Potatoes per bag. 1.75.
Eggs per dozen 25c.
Wool, washed, (Wc.; unwashed. 54c Hides per 100 lbs. 17.00 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse II ides each 0.00 CaINkinseach 1.00 to 1.50 Veal Skins, each 90c
Rain Coats,
Straw and Felt Hats,
Sport and Work Shirts.
Presentation.
Quito a large number of friends and neighbors gathered together
ÉBSlÊi=:gpE
before they mature, otherwise the invited out-to spend the evening, crop, already too large, will be of i The object in view was to lisent alarming pro|>ortioii3 next year. | Mr. and Miss Armstrong with a Dig these cinnbercrs of the ground hall set consisting ot mirror ami up whereever you see them—it will seat. The address was read by
R iv Prendeiwhile the
made by Mr.
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
I
the jeren, wbteh anzwcrej ba lFs safe reTreat in the bust)
Come in and see the
H0BBERUN
Fathers and mothers, it is your duty to your children to present them each with a photograph. A family group ia the most appropriate.
Mi

pay
>reseillation wa*a	¦ ¦
Armstrong and Mi-- M iry The address was as
;
worm
Whelen.
follows
Cneaper Poultry Feed
On account of the scarcity ami high price of feed the 1 oultry Industry of tin- country h threatened by the prospect ot the wholesale slaughter of laying stock and a serious falling off in the number of pullets to l>v matured,
The necessity for retaining for milling every possible bushel ot wheat suitable for that purpose need not be emphasized. To provide poultry men with feed for rearing their young stock without unnecessarily lowering t he "implies of milling wheat, the federal Department of Agriculture has re-<inested millers throughout Canada to put on the market the cracked and shrunken wheat removed from grain before it is milled.
In addition to small and broken wheat these cleanings consist chiefly of the seeds of wild buckwheat, a near relative of the cultivated buckwheat. The Poultry Division of the Central Lxpecimentai Farm has used wild buckwheat in feeding expriment* and reports it to lie a highly satisfactory poultry feed and has ordered two cars of buckwheat screenings fur the Central and Branch Kx-perimental Farms from the Canadian Government Elevators at Fort William. Fowls used to good grain do not take to it at first hut w lieu they become accustomed to it they eat it readily and do well
on it.	.
The mill cleaning6 from local
flour mills also contain trace* of many other weed seeds, including several kinds of mustards. These, however, would not as a rule amount to more than two or three cent of the cleanings in the
____ of the standard grade* of
Western whteat. This material is specially recommended for Iwick-yard. suburban and professional poultry men. On farms the cleanings from yards and poultry houses where it had been fed would have to be disposed of so as not to disseminate noxious weeds in grain
Geld*	. .
Those interested in obtaining
this clasa of feed should imined lately arrange with local mills
H. Imihon. Photo Artis
TAILORING
Dear Mr. and Mr*. Armstrong and Mi** Beatrice :—
We, the friend* and neighbors have gathered together on this occasion. We feel we cannot let you go fmm| midst without showing our esteem for you by presenting you with this hall rack. You have been useful to us in church work a* well as kind neighbor# and friend*. We are sorry to have yon leave us but hope you will be as useful anywhere you are going as you have been to us all here. Trusting Gods richest blessings may always abound in h-me and that you may be long
We conclude by
Big Ore Exhibit.
A feature of the recent Interna-ional Mining Convention at Nelson, I.C., was an ore exhibit, the biggest tc und best ever shown in Canada. It «c 1 onsisted of 175 samples obtained
various mines in the United
Beautiful
Range
our
FOR MEN
rom
.Laics and Canada
If you realise the importance of being dressed correctly you will understand why advise Hobberlin Suits and Overcoats.
<| The styles are the newest—they are authentic and in good taste—and the fabrics represent the utmost in value.
Hundreds of Patterns to select from
Exciuiftc Agent» HMcritn lot lor mg
spared to enjoy it	.
subscribing ourselves the rnend* und
Neighbors of Radford.
The recipients were very much taken by surprise, but. however, thanked the friend* mui neighbors for the kindness shown to them. After this supper was served and the rest of the evening was spent in singing, music and playing <>l —One who wah there.
of
« *|t*« » long way to Grenfell Mission It's a long way. 1 know.
And It's no fun being eeaalck.
With a thousand miles to go.
«S—
But we er almost there!
wc
Heat
"Some days later 1 chanced to meet the Harvard freahman. He was shoveling coal back of the hospital, and I heard him say as he pitched into the coal. Gee, I could eat ten dinners.' Up the path came Billy, the ox, drawing a load of the duett’s freight, and the Yale freshman, lately arrived from New York, was endeavoring to make old Billy step
A Williams man steadied li. % « en the mission straggly fields of
games
Wave
Suitings
Marriages.
Pktkos-Bermkr.
On Monday, July 2, 1017. New York. 1.8. A., in the ehur. h of the Sat ml Heart, by the Rev H. Jn«. Meyer*. Major J H Peter, to C. Kvelyn Beemer, widow of the H. J. Beemer, of Quebec.
SOMKRVII.I.K—JaRVM
A pretty ed on Frida when Rev. -in marriage, Eva. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alex. Jarvis, to John Somerville, son of Mr. and Mr*. Richard Somerville of McIntyre St. Ea*l, in the presence of the immediate friends and relatives. The bridesmaid wa* Mi«* Gertrude Quirt, while the bride s brother, Alexander, assisted the groom. The beat wishes of a ho* toi friends
the young couple for a bright, happy and prosperous future.—North Bay News
My friends
I
at
lively
the freight, buildings were grass and patches of open ground ready to be harrowed—a Job for Billy and the freshmen.
"Daring the summer months all the men and older boys of St. An tbony are busy with the fishery, m that extra hands are needed for the work OB the ¦halos, ssd. th bands are gladly lent by the student lade, or wo pa,' aa they fondly call
If a drain roust be dug
wedding w** oolemnud v afternoon, June22nd, I. G. Bowles united in
we are showing. Do it now.
per
t b 0
roof mended, If help la called for
overburdened hospital ward, the mission yawl has to take a doctor twenty miles down the mast, there’s always a husky wop* on hand with an 'All right, air/ Alice Chamberlain Kendall la At
Mebaftaa.
or a
la aa

ARCHIE DOVER
me alone
to me the situation bad an eh neat
f. dlow
laugh
of comedy In it, and
la spite of myself,


