###PAGE###1###
O
No. 'JS, 33rd Year
.*1.0 0 A Y K Ai: 1N AD VA N ( 1
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JAN. «, 1010
The Bank of Ottawa
Tl\e Merchants Banl\ of Canada
fr
THE HARDWARE STORE!

ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : • Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,996,304 66,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS I .
Sin 21. Monta<,u Allan . .. K. W. Ri,a< kwki.i. ..	.. K. K. IlEBDEN
\
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
#
i
Paid up Capital
. $7,000,000 Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,245,140
..1916..
Board ol Directors %
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON.
President
I
#
Vice-President
Total Assets
HO, 100,400
DAVID MACLARHN,
DKN1S MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLF.Ï
SIR HENRY N. BATH, RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
239 Branches and Agencies in Canada*
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards draws Interest at best current rate'
We wish to thank all who favored us with
1
their valued patronage during ithe past, and wish all friends and customers a Happy and Prosperous New Year.
K. C. WHITNEY
GEORGE Bl’RN, General Manager.
D. M. FINN1E, Awt-General Manager
W. DUTHIE, Chief Inspector.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
Acting: Manager, Shawville Acting- Manager, Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A< REID
Fort Coulongo Branch • J. A McLATCHIK, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER, Manager. Portage du Fort Branch - A H MULHERN, Manager.
1
?	?	?	? ?JcfO ?
HENRY’S
Results—Not Claims
DGOWLINC Ar /)A
Read Dover's Ad. for bargains
i
We are keen for a bigger business during the coming year, and assure the buying public that we shall leave nothing’[undone to merit a continuance of their kind favors.
PONCBBTE CULVERTS, PIPES AND If you are Interested In pictures, write ^ curbing* f«»i well* *old *'• us for some Kodak Literature, which Contract* made with Municipalities to
It** free manufacture Pipes in their own localities.
If. T. McDowkllSc Son. Shawville, Que.
1
will go forward to you at once I for the asking. II. Imison, Shawville

Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA,ONT.	/
Is not known by what It CLAIMS, but by what It DOES.
We give complete SHORTHAND. DOOKEKPIXU, and CIVIL SERVICE COURSES.
WINTER TERM opens Monday. January 3rd.
For full information apply.
W. E. Gowlino, H. G. W, Hra mi wait. President.	Principal.
Notice- Those taking out pulp-wood for Lawn Bros., Campbell?
.“Æü,*[LSîrSrâlÆoSSS I Important to Farmers
January. 1913, more than 235 students h ive come to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these fact* indicate undoubted «up< ronty I
Our instruction being individual, you may begin at any time.
Sine
ns to ftixe ami quality of wood manlier of piling, etc.
Having purchased the elevator from the Dowd Milling Co. at
Shawville, I am prepared to handle
A rar l<wd of Ontario Appks direct | aH kinds of Fami Produce at the from the gr«o\. rw -I, Round apples
93.75 per liarrvl. H. K. Stiles, Op
|H)rtite Shawville Meat Shop.
t
J. H. SHAW.
I
Just Received - APPLES I
m
highest cash price
I). E. HENRY. President.
Cor. Bunk and Sparks Sts
\VM. HUDGINS
FOR SALE—A quantity of c« : ir fen •
Something we won’t ho able to get rid of for a whole year—the numeralM <»
M FJN
pet an overcoat cheap high-çlasft stock of overcoats to be 1 TV. per cent. A. Dover,
The editor acknowledges with many thanks the receipt last week of a bunch of holly and also a choice H C. salmon fmm Mr. “Jack" Middleton, of New Westminster.

post*—any length Findlay. Radford
Now is your i ha nee to
All our
WANTED To pun'i i , a stack of Straw or a stack of good Cow Ha I in a radius of ten mile* from
Address II. N. Antiss, Ottawa.
WINTER SALE
January 10th to 15th.
with
XV
+
y m an
+
Que
+
+
+
FOR SALE—A good Moving Piet Machine, in first-class condition, with H reels and a fire-proof cabinet. Apply to (î. A. Howard, Shawville.
+
iro
+
+
+
+
+
+
t
FOR SALE-Purebred Holstein Calf Apply to 11. G. Yovm;, Bristol Cornel .
+
There w.i- i p? «*tty good attend-Hiice at Howard 8 Auction on Wednesday last, and on some articles bidding went-lively. Nobody, however, seemed particularly anxious to annex any horseflesh, of which there was considerable for sale.
+
+

+
+

FOR SALE—511. P. Stickney engine, in fir*tcla-s repair—good as new. Gowl bargain to cadi purchases. Apply to Thos. Shore, Shaw ville.

+
The only real Bargain Sale of the year.
+
+

+
?
Bargains in Organs
Dr. Klock received du ring Christmas week from Dr. Uppiatt, a gift which he prizes very highly. It is in the form of a brass (or bronze) salver, which has been hammered out of a sheet of metal, and the face is embellished with an Egyptian hieroglyphic scene, carved in outline. The piece haw the appli ance of great antiquity.
The By-law (No. 52)on which the issue of county prohibition is to be decided, has been pic;*ared and printed in English and French, and will be |x>sted up throughout the county this week. The vote will be taken on Monday, the 3lst of this month. To have a say in the matter, munici;wal electors must have all their taxes paid.
More Rkurujtn—Norman and Ben Smith, sons of our townsman, Mr. Ben Smith, went to Ottawa last week and enlisted with the 77th Bait. Orval Armstrong, non of Mr. Silas Armstrong, of Radford, has enlisted with the 120th Battalion, quartered at Lindsay. Out., and Audrey Rades, son of Mr.W.J. Rades, we understand has joined the mechanical transport service, and will be employed as chauffeur.
Those xvho have not yet contributed their mite toxvards smokes for our Canadian soldiers, (xvho arc enduring the rigors and hardships of trench warfare), are reminded that our subscription lists are still open. About #60 have been paid in mo far. and xve think this amount could be easily increased without taxing the resources of those who use tobacco and know what it feels like to be without it for a day or so.
37”.00 w ill buy a fin* Clinton piai cased Organ. This cost $150 and i> ms new.
15c. good Cotton Cashmere* 10c. Gray Cotton 0c. Gray Cotton 121c. White Cotton 15c. Apron Gingham 13c. Apron Gingham 18c. Gray Flannel 15c. A. A. Ducks
10c
Boys’ Oil Tan
0	pounds Rice
3 pounds Starch
2	cans Corn
3	cans Peas
2	Best Basins
3	Eddy’s Matches
1	15c. Mop Handle
4	| wick age* Blue 3 Baby’s Soap
0	Laundry Soap xvith 1 small
Inf. Delight
1	good 4-string Broom
Moccasins $1.00
s
25
$4.">.00 will buy a nice Thomas Organ Cost

$35.00 w ill pun hase a second hand Kara 0-octave Organ, in fairly good con-
Easy terms
Men s Oil Tan
25 Moccasins, 6 & 7 $1.50
10 Men’s Tan Boots
Good wearers $2.00
10
12
I. R. Horner. Shaw ville
5
10
13
Don t forget to have that family gioup taken, while you arc all together. You'll prize these pictures when the family are scattered from home.
11
15
If. IMiron, Artist
20
15 c
See our bargains in Over Shoes, Gum Rubbers and Boots.
20c. Batts 10c. Batt-
Elastic Hair Nets 20c. a doz
Births
25
At Kin fold, Sask., on Dec. 21st. to Mr. and Mr*. <r. P. Barton, a
20
son
At Botlm, Alta., on Decern be i 13th, to Mr. and Mr. G. E. Armstrong, a daughter.
1 Big Lot of Remnants about
Half Price.
All Ladies’ Jackets Half Price.
4	lbs. 30c. Japan Tea $1.00
5	gals. B. Amer. Coal Oil $1.00
Deaths.
I John*ton Graham, whose death has been exacted for some week* past, departed this life at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Foran, on Wednesday morning last, aged 85 years and 8 months. The late Mr. Graham had been a resident here for a couple of years past, coming from Bristol where the greater part of hi* long life wa* *peut. The funeral took place to St. Paul s Church and cemetery on Thursday afternoon.
At 10171,115th Street, Edmonton. Estel la C.. beloved wife of Chester J. Ban ford, aged 20 years _ leaves to m« urn her loss a sorrowing husband and two small Child-Deceased xvrs the fourth daughter of the late Duncan Ross, and Mrs. Ross of La combe. Alta., formerly of ILadysmith.
Mi
25c
1 dozen Print Waists 2$ “ Waists, regular $1 to $1.50
—at half price.
SPECIAL
17c
25c. Cuff Links Cuff and Collar Sets Quarter Ties for 6 Handkerchief*
10
Mooney’s Soda Biscuits, tin boxes to Introduce
The crispest Soda Made
»
30c
17
life
72 inch Sheeting
25
. 10 per cent off all
She
SHIRTINGS, GINGHAMS, PRINTS, etc.
DRESS GOODS,
%
4
re n
Who Is Qualified As A Municipal Elector
To be qualified as a municipal elector one must be of the male have attained the age of twenty-one and be a British subject. lie must be in session in the municipality, according to the valuation roll in force, eith his own name, or that of his wife, as proprietor of real estate of the actual value of at least fifty dollars ; or as tenant, lessee, or occupant of real estate of the annual value of at least twenty dollars ; he must have paid all municipal and school taxes due by him ; his name must appear on the valuation loll in force as proprietor, tenant, lessee, or occupant, as the case may be. Spinsters and widows having the ni me qualifications are also municipal
iMM
Next to .in actual visit, a portrait, sent to the folk at home, or those relatives who care most alwut you. will be most welcome
Lunch Ticket given to | Sale 8.30 a. m to 6 p m out-of-town customers whose purchases amt. to $10.00.
Scores of Bargains Selected from our
Big Stock.
sex
H. 1mwo*. Artist.
every day. Open Satur day night.

er in
For service* rendort d to the Militia Department while Transport Officer and Director of Trans |x>rt on tin lint tl<*foid Column of I the Not tli-Wo*t Held Force, 1885. certified to by Sir William D. fitter. Commandant, and recognition of the same nx omm< nded by • lierai s B. Ste aaaisfanec in r
< » \,	. « - i .. i
the Minister of Milité* has ion far rod the honorary rank ot Vfsjoi
Mi lit
20 p. c. off all Men’s and Boys’ Suits.
W. A. HOOGINS.
V. V. B., and for
. loi i
the Honours tile
Jan. 10 to 15,1916.
B
' +
tb
I A M .11 i .1 f
Sheri! U. B. M
i

mrrr ?
L.111
•f
###PAGE###2###
SM
a
| charge which gained poaeemlon of the créât.
new french chief of staff
BRITISH FAMOUS 29TH AT THE FRONT
division, but even the effort! ef these heroic troops, ably seconded by the yeomanry, failed to achieve| against an enemy equally bravo and determined, who enjoyed the incalculable advantage of fighting behind intrenchments on commanding hills. Rut the 20th division has only added to Its fame b/ this failure/*
IL
Hints for the Poultry Raiser

X
Is
'l
St
KNOWN AS THE OLDEST STAFF
OF THE ARMY.
success
f
I
BALANCING THE RATION
ihle protein compounds to the carbohydrates and fats (the fats being multiplied by 214 to bring them to a We are inclined to think that moat ,<,vvl ,h<‘ carbohydrates, because growers of chickens get perhaps the one Part by weight of fat is on the host results when they supply a very wide supply of feeds to their birds
' t iuse the flock is able to select Knowing the proportions of these ele
itural inclination prompts ments (>f tho foods available it is It* the supply is sufficiently	possible to proportion the qiiun-
vurivd the birds then get practically tit,vs so ns to get the results. Often all that their constitutions demand t,le UR;* ’Ust unv other product will and therefore they give fairly good re- correct the balance to bring real good suits. Perhaps it may be as well un- results, where for lack of something dvr those circumstances not to at- to correct the missing required ele-tempt to too closely balance the ra- ments un,V van result, tion for the birds hut in many eases it
By A. I\ Marshall
i

Correspondent at Dardanelles Gives
Due This Famous Division.
average equivalent in heating power 2*4 parts of carbohydrates).
<1
COMPULSORY JOY
what
Kills Aahmead-Bartlett, who was the British press representative at the Dardanelles, chronicles in simple hut telling phrase» the gallant deeds of one of the commands which played a

them t
1
German Patriotic Démonstration*
Not Spontaneous.
.11	. A1 ...	- We have more than once published
eonspicuoua part In the (.nlhpul,. extr,,ct, from lhe (}ermnn
In part he .aye:	,h„ London Daily Tel^ranh, which
i i	of thl* artl'-‘,c 18 showed that the flag-waving and other
do .eh. ed n.shve to the role played piltriotio demonstrations which in-
sr:=zsr.
m
mmrnmmm
raine, Count von Roden:
“On one single occasion the general commanding the ltith and 21st Army-Corps induced the ecclesiastical edi-
l
m

%


* *
>A

Quantity is .i'-,. a necessary con» |s •,u>t a	matter ot a little grain and	sidération, and	if the breeder knows
>\ atewi	happens to he	handy which	what each fowl	should receive he is
in it e!t may not be had food hut very better able to be sure they are rcceiv-tJllu 1 vl,l	"I balance for	the results	ing all that is	necessary or getting
desired.	Quite often the	introduction	more than they	should. This is vspe-
u (',u‘ ol lWU articles would so ini- dally the case when large numbers Prove the nutrient values of tin- feed are kept as to more than double the returns that can be obtained.
X



A balanced ration can usually be
arrived at for almost any purpose l.ittle does the average pniltryman with tin* readily available products as
\1,1 LV xx^ial immense	varieties of	a base to work on,	adding	anything
tooils tow Is gather when they are	hav ing the elements	in	right	propor-
a >lv t.> iange at liberty to which they lion that can he secured to fill in what normally respond with	an abundant	is required.
supply of eggs and	make rapid	more difference than
growth in consequence
omis
au-
4
Palatableness makes
ap- and although a ration may ba balam proximatvly the same conditions when eil fairly well the birds may not take tunfilled as in the winter season these to it, and in consequence cannot sent «Is, if they are not run down or cure the nutrient values in sufficient
ia\e not .been forced to excess, should quantities to give the desired results, produce in the same big

Given
c;*;v HOWARD l>l
",mm t.vn. .lolTre has up|M>lnieil Ills chief of slag 'ons of €.«*n ilc < astelnaii at I lie from liavi
0,14	f“U "M< brought to his father
ami «lull 11 tree hours later Niid
VXSTiriA.U
riirev oi du la en killed. The ^ * camp terribly wounded, lu* < «eneral k i * « « I Ills «lend son ami
l	h!l',e ,n<l ,ihv	»l4*«ih you vtmhl |M*»lhlv
*.r ***** m,r	mles will avenge you in avenging all
four
com-
<eO, SOU
¦way and Sometimes a change becomes nvces-continuv in vigorous productive health sary merely to vary tin* monotony of so that they prove also excellent a too similar ration. The action of 1 coders from which to secure the the flock is probably the only thing next yeai s producing stock. Only by that van show that it is til ing of tlu*
«i ivgular course of good, sound bal- food being furnished. As a general aneed feeding can the breeder be ab- thing cooking food will very much so utelx certain that his fowls are help in making it more palatable and (T)Lt\TI Fss getting the best for the object desir- perhaps aids digestion, although tlu* ed, although if there is exceptional nutrient values are § xaiietx it is more than probable that ed and even perhaps some nutrient
the birds will fairly well balance for values may be lost in the cooking themselves
wl"li for. f
French families
'iHtcniriU
four countries, Knglnnd, Scotland, Ireland and Wales, have the honor to he represented in its ranks.
FLOCKS OF SHEEP
EARLIEST SOLAR ECLIPSE
in no way increas
Baaing Millions
Russia <*1t Mt,,,,vs of drunken Chinese Astronomers Failed
i »»„	lo ,,rc<,icl the Event. .	-- I ® Pi
mm mm mmmmtim mss
mm m§mmm irnmmsm, mm
* wanm hh ¦»
. e srytiuteys iStStlsb, =".% kZ7 rz. ip,
It Will be noted that for heavier «"<•« suggested as u standard for lay- !,he «tePP®* arc intertwined. Were it 1ar,my to punish the astronomers. A this memorable Aurnut 21 nul* hens the proportion is less per 100 inK hens. Suppose we have cracked	,ht‘ intelligent use of goats	'w;u”lent,	m1a.k<’s il impossible to ,|it ig ,,ei	‘ i„ *
Ihs. than with lighter fowls.	corn, wheat, corn meal, wheat mid- ne,t1h1cr lht‘ shepherds nor their dogs .t,l?e dat* of ,hls event as October yeomanry because they wer/thé ônîv
rpffiSMHMH
H : h§ü	mmm
¦	IS
^Êtssmamm
suits from calculation, based on the leader who for five months was Field	.	~ T°	.« *• ^ of the	^
dynamical law, of gravitation is pos-1 Marshal MarkrnsenV chief lieutenant	-"E *- le,d*Unc«’-	°W b
sibly the existence of some attractive »" the Russian campaign. Gen. Arz	< hanged Circumstance*	ii.ii	~n? , ,1 J wa* *nftd« 10 Mrs. Penheque—Don't you dare to
force that they have not yet discov- *ys:	The Russian military leader- Before Kate married" Mr. Rich-	w	1	b 1 the ,lf^rnoon» leave the house this evening, Henry,
cred. although the result may also he *Mp »* energetic, determined and up ,ei*h ehe UBed to "»lk in her sleep. , . _	* CH Bon,er*r* who had Mr. Penhcque—I fully intended to
affected by the true shape of the to date. The Russian infantry soldier What does she do now—ride in an ' ’	W*re, broufht rpmain indoors, my dear,
earth, which .till awaits accurate dr- «• active, brave, determined and not automobile?-	%	advanced against “Huh! What fort"
termination.	afraid of death. Those stories which	  ,	,hr T	,n	^ »*udy • problem that has been
assert that their officers drive them Men who consider themselves to be minrv brieaH, ..«wU, 1! , T '	*n m*nd *or ***** tim* '
into battle with machine guns are uf very great importance frequently 1__ UB from behind m ' n x	* bat Prol>,cm'>"
nursery tales. Hie individual merits treat their wives and children as if	they remained ,,nm !I	”For weeke 1 been trying to
•re indisputable/'	they were of no importance.	d.rk	kâWWa* ^ «Eure out what on earth the Mor-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Z _ __	-	-	' mÊmamn* UUnS P*rt in the Anal mens tan see In polygamy-
on
Repulsed Turkish Attacks
re-

view

con
\
« 'm ini'
\*h Protein hydra ft
Fuel x u 1 u v ulvrlets M*.30v «.240
Null I-tix e ratio. 1 l.t 1:4.1
?
Dry
matter. It.* .6.50	.30
Fa t
I1..M
IhH
?
IPs
?
II
.1-5 lbs
,-s II .
1.00	3.76
:t
Metis
JAPAN CANT SEND ARMA
3
«5
Transports Are Lacking, Declares IW
Premier.
The experiment stations will readily supply tables showing the nutrient values of various foods that may be used in feeding poultry, and with this it is possible to make up a ration ihai will give approximately the bal-
\
each 100 lbs. of birds:
fowls for f>-8
Fuel \ aille
Hli.rle
I »r\
u l
V«h. l’mleln I
Ilia 11 et
.......«SOI
.......«72
.......63*
». .. .420 à Ih 437
irate*
««12
I
racked
Wheat t lb .. . .
‘ '«tii meal, i lb.....
Wheat middlings. i il
Huvk wheat inhl'ls*. Xnlmnl meal Freeh hone.
O recti alfalfa, i II
ber of
ni. 1 II
015
*714
1
167
I . 1 " t
>14
I!* I
S « ti
I Mil
MON
I
1
010
4 «9
4*04
263
019
63
«5*
17«
«N
010
5 no
1
II
NN
I
. à lb 2-3 11»
452
*21
1 14
024* 11 lo 003 I
I
I
622
163	.1443
41
II
213
•21

202
OKI
4
I 3/1
4.346
273	.«34
342
I
14 9
THF I NSTABLE MOON
The men of the 29th rested quietly War: Ln. their penches during the morning.
eye the
lions
?
Not Yet Amenable to Astronomer*
ne-
?
movements of the moon In the interests of navigation. Although in the intervening two and a half centuries astronomers have worked at the problem. the moon has not yet become entirely amenable to their mathematics. The astronomer royal of Great Britain, in his report of the work at Greenwich during the past year, calls attention to the increasing deviation between the calculated position of the
?
i
lit!
»
*
»
Great men are ordinary people with in the sky and it* real position s their understandings polished.
###PAGE###3###
of time to realize, that his superior officers keep him inside because they fear death outside. And he, too, learns to fear it. And the longer he hides in safety the more he comes to fear the ordeal of battle.
I "This is no mere 'theory.* Ever and SLOWLY RUT SURELY CHOKING always the sailor who acted on the
any.
LADY CHAUFFEURS DOING FINE SERVICE
BRITAIN’S NAVY KILLS TEUTON HOPE
BATTLE CRY OF BLACK WATCH
IN ENEMY’S E NTANGLEMENTS
Famous Regiment “Transformed into
(fowling I lends."
The Edinburgh Scotsman tells from the lips of one of the Black Watch,
how that famous regiment went in-1 ON CONSTANT DI TY IN LONDON) to the battle of Loos. He says:
“We were over the parapet when the order came, yelling like fiends, and into the Germans almost before
they knew what was up. We had no They Are Now Being Used to Transi
time to wait to polish off the Ger-	port the Munitions of
mans in the first line. There were
other bayonets coming behind ours.'	^ar
We spent just a little more time at I Tht, old order changes «lowly, an,I the second line but we heard the with infinlte ,linkulty in this old roaring lines of our chaps coming up count f our8. the wuman wh(>
and we plunged againu The third looses to make motoring u profes-
.. busy. The Germans | sion mugt for breakers ahead in were steadier there, but we made
ms

defensive and kept in harbor has been defeated when driven to come out and try conclusions with his offensive ad-
TO HELP ZEPP. SUFFERERS

4»



versa ry.
“There is small chance that the Allies will ever march into Berlin. But the 'invisible Invasion* is there already. The British navy is making its Fred T. Jane, the naval writer, ton- hand felt from the far away, tributes t# the London Sunday Pic- f "Germany flourished on her export torial mi article praising the work trade. That we have killed. She has done by the British aavy since the be- to fight on what she can import, ginning W the war. While Mr. Jane These imports the British navy is does net believe that the Allies will strangling, and will go on strangling, ever march into Berlin, he is con-1 The storm-tossed sailors of Jellicoe need that an “invisible invasion** is are doing their job.** being * arrive! out day by day by the
British
Kaiser Would Be Bmperor of Europe
for Fleet. Declares F. T. Jane.



lino kept us
|ir ÉM	s r
leave. The work in the third trench was slaughter. We did the slaughtering. We were out for trenches, not prisoners, and trenches we got, too. “It was just my little 'crowded said another Highlander.
I
writes a woman
ill
in London.
Considering that the day is still alive in our memory when the petrol engines was distrusted as a means of » | locomotion and regarded as a suspicious alien, it is not surprising that the idea of the lady chauffeur will for a short time be met with much

vy and that the effects are being foil more and more by Germany.
Extraits from Mr. Jane's article follow:
A wonderful snapshot of shrapnel, Wend:
near tlie creel of IJngo. soldiers ore seen gelling ready to dash forward, which resulted In the capture of the c the top of the picture on the right.
taken
Despite a hall make Um îy trench at
FRANCE HAS FARM ACADEMY
run
New Body Will Help and House Workers After the War.
hf’ur, HHBPHHiHHH
“I never knew that in less than five minutes a crowd of sober respectable Scotties could be transformed to
British Army Also Well Supplied with a perfect torrent of howling fiends.
Warm Clothing.	The extraordinary thing about the
charge was its beastly methodicalness
9 tf
MAKING ARTIFICIAL LIMBS
There is a new academy In Paris, which has adopted as its title “The
"Many years ago the Kaiser declaimed Shot Germany's future lay on the water. Jt does, and a very black Academy of Agriculture of France," future it isl	and is in fact only a new form of the
“On load, the Reiser has parried «-National Society of Agriculture, every Uew. He has conquered Bel-, T'le new academy is actively employ-glum. portions of Russia, and is now in or*?n‘xin« agricultural ma busy exterminating Serbia. No hos-1 chmery that will be needed after the
tile army has done more than here and w"r and Plac'PS °.ut °“	the
there check his victorious advance. re,ufees from the invaded deP“rt‘ Yet on the throat of the German Em-js*	,	.	.	...
######=
of Europe, And possibly of most of the There ‘ are, of course, several
rest of the world.	schemes for housing unfortunate fam-
Years ago he saw the shadow jjjeg rendered homeless by the war across his path, the one possible ob- The Quakers are putting up and have stacle to his dreams. That is why | put up a number of temporary build-any public man in the past who de- jngs made of planks. An improve-clared that the British navy was ‘too nient on the type now offered is a big* could draw practically unlimited German gold for the asking. Not directly, of course, for the Kaiser is no
disapproval. It remains for the woman to prove herself competent and careful in driving, efficient in the care of the engine, and, above all, reliable and serious in her work.
This is going to be a great task, for it seems but yesterday (certainly it is not more than a year) when a woman driving a car of any size was a most unusual sight find created quite a stir. To-day there are hundreds of ladies handling cars with the confidence of a man and navigating the traffic with extraordinary skill. The fact, however, remains that it is experience alone that can make the really competent driver. There are but a few women who have this ex-
FRENCH READY FOR WINTER
War's Injuries Alleviated by Clever
Counterfeits.
No industry, considered relatively to its importance, seems likely to profit more by the war than the manufacture of false arms and legs. One American concern is said to have al- ' ready received orders from the British and French Governments for $15,000,000 worth of artificial limbs. The normal producing capacity of this establishment is 250 legs a month, but its output is expected soon to be multiplied by five.
Another American manufacturer, who has a factory in Fiance, has just returned to this country to additional machinery and workmen
Signs are plentiful that winter is close upon the troops in the North of France. The nights are already cold, far too cold for comfort, and the characteristic winter-night mist from the marshes is in the air. The trees
We were for the time being just line upon line of white savages run amuck, and yet, sub-consciously if you like, the training held and guided us in our madness. From one rushing group I heard among the strange noises and the panting, a magnificent yell of ‘On the ball, Dundee!' An-
are not yet bare, but the leaves that remain have turned to a sere yellow,
while the roadways are covered with	, ,,	. .	.
other winter campaign; robbed, how- fmest regiment jn the world, 11 Penence, and so to the great majority ever, of much of the horror of last ^ink the matter should be referred remains the worthy task of pioneering
arx W5L55-s «ri5ESi f FF-5=a -- “"*•
the .logouts, will be the exception ra-; Kour bnttaIiong| 4m men> went as a profession for the fair sex. her than the rule this year.	The she!- ,nto the charg and hard, ^ an.	Therefore let the woman who is not
ters, even in the advance	trenches, 8Wereti tu(. r()i|cai. offprw„r,l«	both mentaI1y and physically sound
will generally be fairly livable, thanks	aiterwarus.	gtand aside and be driven—not at-
to the plentiful use of concrete and	-*----- tempt to drive. Certainly driving and
tar, and the skilful employment of	v0., urcq r u pi i	tbe general care of a car is a strain
drainage.	‘J_‘	' "	to both mind and body. The feminine
sstisaM si; eFHEsHEHE SfirH, :	ESESrE
inexpensive.	raw mfttprin,	.	. \r .” *he sheepskins, supplemented by ample Frederick Palmer, a war corre- avoid this above all things; take up
Five hundred dollars provides one snimrf. anH	supplies of warm caps socks and «pondent, who recently returned	to her work seriously and soberly, rea-
which will accommodate a couple, Turnllo.u ;* u	u	i	:	, ,V T	heavy boots of rather better type than New York, said that when he left	the I'zing, ere she commences, that while
complete down to the statuette of the with	nllr . Z	,ast year’8- •	?ritlsh [ront the British soldiers be- driving a car for pleasure is unrival-
generalissimo that	adorns a tiny	• _tlf . ,	. ^	% cn , ,,k Many of the trenches now	have forc a charge would shout all	along	as a sport, it	is a far different
niche.	,a PfUt aS,dc m * (,ry pafe and alIorw- brick floors, and virtually all are the line, "For Miss Cavell!”	matter as a work.	She must be pre-
c o season. oug o season for drained and protected against land- “Miss Caveil's execution did more 1 Pared to face cheerfully and with de-three years.	It is	then carved	in imi-	alide , timbers.	for recruiting than all the Zeppelin	termination the cold, wet winter days
8 ,rc81	le*' “ndP«Pered	to	The grpat problem of the winter raids," he said. “1 happened to be	m store	¦
smoothness, hollowed out so as to con- wju |)e the bilk,ting of all the new with the French when the news of With that malign influence that
f *	- ? ert s 1 ’ an‘ rent crcd clivislons which have come out since ber death was received. Its effect tainly governs inanimate objects to
L i	vLnfk Cntmg °f a specia] I last year. In the villages well be- the droops was instant, electric, contend with, one can always expect
A recent issue of the journal of the t \	,	,	may he covcred	hind the firing lines, every outbuilding Thc woman’s sacrifice had a Joan	of magneto trouble, burst tires, and
Royal Society for the Protection of x lth ki< , >ut	methods of manufacture	and old barn has been requisitioned, /V*C character that struck home	to choked petrol pipes—and the thou
Birds contained notes on bird life '%"	cleaned, repaired and made into shel- !he French heart- Officers spoke	of sand and one petty troubles—to come
made by soldiers in the trenches of	vg li% made hollow for the sake ter agajngt thc win(1 and col(J But it as an event that had done more to along just on the day when all the
France and	Belgium. Everyone ex-	? r *tVw ““V° ,,rov,de roon| nearer the firing lines most of	the cement the alliance of France	and	world goes wrong	and aching headi
pected that	the din	of battle would	for.thc mtroduction of a strong spiral |>uiidjng8 have been smashed	into K"£,and to fight to the last man	than	are to the fore
drive thc birds away from the war *pi l,lgan.d other elements of the me- ^uins, and although they were usable!®11 the spe*ches of statesmen and con- Disappointments will be
srz EHrSfrFF-S’S sse s 11'-™	e
# I' V U<* tannas yet 7 y dim y gUeeSe three days afterward, two more eggs mamh(,r may enable one to walk with-	-*- That a nurse under any circumstances laugh at the woman who is helping at
IsStsIs ISSÊli	Sa—ss
8CVere' ET" The bird sat on a tmugh aWve and trough life.	Soldiers in the Field.	man. are suppressing theirs. If that thrown into daily contact. The ma
ïasrüï ssffistirisïsa's "t F-1" æ ri: FFiF ,f 'F,=
anao pr ute a gave them warning. Before they tbt c^e Enveloping this tore is rub- 8omc 0f the belligerents.	I	-?- to realize that to-day men must fight
F Fi f t?- 5 sïsr^r. s zzszsïsb sw ari
foi hcr war material, and, deprived of danger	to give the wearer a natural gait. M cents per day, but as far as married	fu,l>" W,,h Thvlr ^	and resentment. Thc tactful girl will
turn, ? _* must eventually find herself	-*-- An artificial arm is of similar con- men are concerned, the separation Praise a boy for his good deeds 800n realize that an endless stock of
m e,X1Ar; y1l.U,f “ms r>oMUon as she LADY FRENCH’S CANTEENS. struction with a wooden core for the allowance in that dominion is con- rather than spank him for his had *ood humor and a smiling face will
would if.i lied troops occupied all her	- hand, which is of vulcanized rubber, aiderably less than allowed in Can- ones. Many a parent has tried it. do infinitely more than the affecta-
mum ion : ^ (1 a worse position, phey Supply Munition Workers With But a* a substitute for the natural ada. The British soldier gets a shil- with successful results, as well as tion °f masculine clothes and man-•Ball we «ay.	J^ood at Cost	liml> ll 7 a Jhmg. comparp<1 to ling per day. In France and Germany, pleasant ones for the boy.	ners. As long as a woman retains her
false Cg; The, , . is ueelc8S for «nd all countries where the service is Hard-headed business has made a femininity she will always find ‘Hostile invading aoldierv in no,.,.. I lfAy FT"‘Ï “	?f P"rPO«c, of manipulation and ha, to univer,al, the men get little more similar diicovery. A Penneylvania ready to help her. To ,moke and
:'5 ifisS? tis-w-s rs.’ *• “to- - *•	s-jtextr-hi — iSitr* " “	*
mm#### mmm m&m
uJr	winW hutaf Ik!* ®«gt In 8?me l®wn8 w.he[e.the manufac- 8mall boys and girls, and still more so slightly higher than the British pay And the result of this scheme of	*hen we were engaged," said
r.r „m!v nnî Jt	^ 0t mun,l,ons **	rushed to for their parents. On one such day for infantry officers, and a little l»ss heart instead of fist? A quick drop the wife, thoughtfully. “Then I
hT. th, Rri.iJh mJTIf	!ve Utm0111 capac,ty of thî fatt°ry little Donald was very fidgety. First than the British pay to artillery and of two-thirds in the number of men wouldn't have destroyed mil the letters
£ 4 r » svs£	"h- ""	,ji 5 szsziat
monthIT th*n by fer TL0W	d('n?en(,u	“0h.	— the .hocked reply. Zealand and Au.tr.li.,	road, but the men profltH .ven more. I The hu.b.nd amiled^n . gr.tifled
man fi<«( was in n state of high efll- taken to supply the need to do for In turn hi# trumpet, his drum and “Marriage, sir, ia a failure."	suspensions,
ciency, due to long practiqp at sea. the munition worker what the army ball were also banned. Thc little "Are you in a position to know,
Oehr «I lca • MÜor be kept in service corps has done for the men chap was silent for a short time, then sir,"
training If allowfd ashore, love sni |n the field. Good food, freshly cooked , ha asked for his horse.	"Î am. sir, and in a position to say
liquor appeal to him more than battle and well served, is supplied to muni- "No, no, sonny," admonished his so—I’ve ju*t been divorced." and bloodshed If kept on board in tion workers at minimum coat, which mother. “Horses dont work on the harbor he grows flatter still, and as means thst the workers pay for all Sabbath." like as not more or less mutinous. In they get, but not enough for the can-
he rclalizes, and has plenty teens to make a profit
secure
%
1
rather picturesque kind of chalet built of double wood panels, not planks, placed on a skeleton frame, with an air chamber between, calculated to make thc buildings warmer The cork leg is familiar in works of in winter and cooler in summer. fiction. In real life such a thing is
'U..,:	:pÇ,;.	why
In prospered in business, and 1 egard-	the Seine, and is worth a visit. The	terial for	the purpose that	could	be
.'<1 it merely as a coincidence that he	«haleta	are made in pieces, which only	imagined.	Artificial limbs are	made
earned enough to enable him to ex- have to be put together on the site 0f basswood or willow, supplemented -lund h|a peculiar views. The fact	chosen	a couple of hours sufficing to	to some extent with leather
remâÎTi» that no Little Navyite was	do thc	work. The builder of these
ever hard up. It was thc Kaiser's answer to the one danger that he foresaw.
fool
mg
Germany's Chief Obstacle

1
"His answer failed because bodies like the Navy League flogged up public opinion and kept the British navy up to strength, and so insured the de-
4
feat of Lei many before ever n shot
was fired. With the first shot came the Invisible Invasion of Germany—
against which
BIRDS AND BATTLES
X
an intangible press millions of German soldiers are of no
avail. So invisible was the invasion that the Germans felt it before they understood; so silent and invisible also was it that we, too, as a nation found it difficult to see and understand. There have been no Trafalgar*; there have been no sea fights, save a few small skirmishes. But these have been merely milestones on the road of the great invasion.
“One by one and without much delay, all German oversea possessions were captured. Germany attempted to distract attention with a commerce
Soldiers* Letters Tell Some Astonishing Stories.
cer
many. Ar
war


Distant but Effective
men
*
\ Resourceful Woman
I wish, John, that I had had more

"Indeed, I am," was the reply. “I need a little extra money very badly ' just now, and a man called to-day to old papers. How wasteful

*
Death Fostered Industry
It used to lie compulsory in Eng- j h land that the dead should be buried in were!" woollen shroud
«1 in order to encourage the hi* pocket. A resourceful woman seizure of woollen cloth within .dom has to ask for money straight

This law was in-
And automatically his hand sought
In blast furnaces, in which cast i is made, the fires bum for years with manuf
| the kingdom.
f
But, mother/* argued Donald, 4 mine's a milkman’s horseH
any
out ever going out
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
lVxsiu Thomas, 0x84.
Belli* (.'aKlwell, 674. Sybil Lunmn. 670.
illiam Hohks, 640 Marjorie Murray, 6 4 Maye Brow nlee, 6 41 Kill.y Foules, 04% tiret ta Ihal^in*, o:t‘t i yall II Fin,vue ll(»\\anl I\;ui1l>ich, j;
\ | | l I \| l ' K
Marv \
PltOVINŒ or Qt'KHBC,
MUNICIPALITY OK TI1K COUNTY OF PoNTIAC.
I
We <2an Do It
SHAW VILLE, JAN. 6. 1916.
By-Law No. 62.
At a regular, general, quarterly session of the municipal council of the c*oriMiration of the County of Pontiac, held in the village of Bryson on Thursday the ninth day of the month of
December, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred
and fifteen. (Wednesday, the eighth day of December being the anniversary of the Fca*toftlie Immaculate Conception—a nou-juridicnl clay), at the hour of ten o'clock in the forenoon, at which session are present the Warden, INiul McNally, N*q , Mayor of the village of Campbell's Bay, and the following county councillors : —
methods having failed to pro
It. the British
ded to ask eil form of i> enlistment, v members ot
€ MI
That is, supply you with the kind of STOVE, RANGE, HEATER, FURNACE that will give best satisfaction. Call and be convinced.
i
15 M
I
t
I
\
17
h'l't
Ini
< I rat 1
1

s.v,

ri
i
(
Mat
Michael It. I tarry, Esq., Mayor of the united townships of Sheen, Kdier, Malakoff, etc.; Michael Dunn, Fsq., Mayor of tin* town* ship of Chichester; Simeon Main ville, Ksq., Mayor of t he totvn« ship of Allumette Island ; Wallace It. .McDonald. Fsq., Mayor of the village of Chapeau ; W. II. Robinson, K q., Mayor of the united townships of Walt It mi and Bry.-on ; Thomas * Ham ford,
Ks(j., Mayot of tin» united townships of Mansfield and Ponte* I nu t ; James Ward, Fsq., Mayor of the village of Fort Coitlonge; ritomas Sloan, Fmj., Mayor of the township of Leitehfleld ; Cornelius McNally, F so., Mayor of the township of Calumet Island ; W. Rimer, K>q , Mayor of the village of Bryson ; U. F. Reid, Fs(]'i Mayor of the village of Portage du Fort : Thomas Parker, Fsq., Mayor of the united townships of Leslie, Clnphnm and Huddersfield ; William McCleary, Ksq., Mayor of the township of Thorne ; W. II. Harr, F<q., Mayor of the township of Clarendon ; W. .1. Fades, Fsq., Mayor of the village of Shaw ville ; \V.
I >. Campbell, Iwp, Mayor of the township of Bristol ; Dennis Kennedy, F so., Mayor of the township of South Onslow ; F A, Itavis, Fsq., Mayor of the village of Quyon ; Patrick O'Rvilley, Kso., Mayor of the township of Onslow (North); and William tIverson, Fsq., Mayor of the township of Aldfielil, forming a quorum of the council under the presidency of the Warden ;
It is enacted and ordained by By-Law of this Council ns follows ; A By-Law to prohibit the sale of intoxicating lia and the issuing of licenses therefor, within the limits or county municipality of Pontiac,” to wit ;
“ The sale of intoxicating liquors, and the issuing of licenses therefor, are hy the present By-Law prohibited within the county municipality ot Pontiac, under the authority, and for the enforcement of section fifteenth, of chapter fifth, of title fourth, of the Revised Statutes of Quebec, lfiOU.”
This By-Law, known as By-Law No. 52 of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac, was read a first, second and third time, and passed, on the day and date first above written.
(Signed) II. T. Hi human.
Sec re t a ry-Trea surer.
A true copy.
(Signed) H. T. Hr ROMAN.
Secretary-Treasurer
Hubert H
Hollis W

W.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvillc, Que.

N U.il, l>uilt tvn
N
I


y<‘tl in port us with
K.irly in the war
Kuvla Tint
I
« tic it slut ot in uitet
'! lilt .
I be battleship Bulwark, while in |K>rt also, was similarly «lestroyctl,
''iiiL certainly b»oks suspicious.
Nina M
Leila Findlay, 7 tu.
I*M gar I Luigi ns, 66*
Willie (
Florunv Minerva Corrigan, %ôt
Grade Vf I (Marks
NV illiiril Hudgins, 10%
George Hart, 9Ô7. Harper Ben nick, ooo Kilitli Bennivk. 881. Ada Brownlee, 87 z. Marjorie l larkv, 79i. Lila Sheppard, 709. Russel Bel>her, 697.
Loi la Mee, 678.
Vera McDowell, 648. Lisle Blavk. 481.
Archie Dagg, 448.
Lillian Hodgins, 41%.
t
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Phi
ns» m, 60 »
Howard,
», t
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
LtainaMe 13CK
Lnvmy submarines, either Austrian o! German, are charged with the destruction of two large British merchant ''hips in the Mediterranean the Glen G)le and the IVrsia. These vessels were engaged in trade with the far East, nul ale reputed to have had many passengers on l»oard. Both were torpedoed without warning and sank l»e-tor« all the life Boats could l»e launched The loss of life is lielltved to have been . heavy, and among those who prished weie citizens of the Lnited States, ? eluding probably, Robert N. McNevly. | s. consul at Aden, Arabia outrages have again a roused intense indignation in the Lnited States and if satisfactory explanations are not forthcoming very soon, the pirates will have 1 ) answer to Lnele Sam for the crime.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
ments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers interest to consult mo before placing their order elsewhere.
lia
of this district,
i tor à
Nothing too large—nothing too small
the
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
!" Grade
NI. -(Marks obtainable 1100.)
Daisy Caldwell, ,851.
Hazel I >agg, 788.
Frank Finmgan, 708.
Pearl Blackwell, 609.
Irene Black, 053.
Thelma Black, 641.
Lulu Horner, 630.
William Steele, 577.
William Harris, 536.
Thomas Tripp, 456.	I
Fred Hanco# k, 454,
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
I
These
NOTICE
COBALT PIECE SCCJC.ESTED.
To whom It may Concern.
Notice is hereby given to «11 |«artivs having claims against the estate of the
In the last report. Vol. XXIV., of [Ia,e Edward Brownlee, or of his wife, he Ontario Bureau of Mines, Mr. recently deceased that they are rnpiested r. W. Gibson, Deputy Minister of to tile the same with me within thirty dines, draws attention to the désir- I days from the date of this bility of a change in our Canadian Claims outstanding after the said delay oinage. Our üve-cent silver piece of thirty days will not he recognize!
mêèmm
?o distinctly Canadian, hard, difll- I NU,,1 <lt.‘ln> ot thirty days, or, m other ult to counterfeit, somewhat more | ""ids, liefore the loth of January, 1916. ilvery in appearance than nickel, I Given at Shaw ville this 15th day of md tarnishing slowly, if at all. It | Dewmlier, 1915. vould be greatly superior in appearance to the ‘'nickel" which conains only 25 per cent, of that metal.
The metal cobalt is one of the bief constituents of the silver ores
>f the famous Cobalt region, Ontario. I Province of Quebec,
Vt the present time it is produced I Municipality of Shawville^	I r— ¦ ¦	¦ ¦ ¦
varrants, owing to its very limited I I'd»hv Notice is hereby given by the	I	I	I	I	I	|	I
ise. Hitherto the chief use has been i niuivrsigtivd S. F. liodgins, Sec Treasurer j	I f I	I ^ J g	J	I	I	I	I	I
n the form of oxide for the produc- Iot lue aforesaid Muninipidity, that a	w	¦	¦	¦
ion of cobalt blue. Recently, in- | public meeting of the Municipal electors	-	"	^
'estigations carried on at Queen's I of the said Municipality, qualified to |	—
University, Kingston, by Dr. H. T. vote for Municipal Councillors, will !»e <ilmus and assistants, have resulted held at the Council Hall in the said
gSNgg %
vork to industry.	u,u* Hiere electing Municipal ( ou ne liions
Very satisfactory tests have been t l the said Municipality, pursuant to the nade. Cobalt plating solutions posa- provision ol the Municipal Code of the *s8 many advantages over nickel: a Frovinee of Queliee, to replace Messrs, hinnnr coating suffices, better adhe- W. J. Fades, II. T. Argue and H S. tion of the plated surface, more at- Burnett, retiring Councillors, ractive color, and a very much short- Given at Slmwvillc this 7th day of •r time required for the plating pro- Dvceinlier, 191.»
It would appear that cobalt & ill gradually displace nickel for jlatiug purposes, not withstanding its tigher price.
(Signed) Paul McNally,
Warden
P. W. Gibson Makes an Interesting IVoposal Itegartling Coinage.
The names of fourteen Canadians
tppear on the list of honors conferred by King George
PL BLIC NOTICE is hereby given to the municipal ( lectors of the County Municipality of Pontine, that it meeting of the municipal electors of each and every local municipality of the County Municipality of Pontiac will be held at the place where the municipal council of each such local municipality ordinarily holds its sessions, on MONDAY, the TIGHTS-KlltST day of JAM-ARY, nineteen hundred and sixteen, for the purpose of holding a poll to decide whether or not the above mentioned By-Law No. 52 is approved.
Bryson, Que., 8uth December, 1915.
Motive
on New Year's day I '	' M^rks obtainable :........
i «1 anadutn I uvihv Kail way- raised Jewel Corrigan 620 ; Vivian Millar :»9ti • to u"' Peerage.	Charlie I>agg 57m
lion. V. T. White, minister of finance, I'viey Wilkie 513 ami Mr. CYdlingwood Svhrviber, con «'ilting engineer of the Government, to be Knights Commander of the Order ot St. Michael and St. George.
Brig. General Bertram, deputy chairman of Imperial Munitions Board ;
Chief .lust ice Haultain, Begin a ; John Kennedy, consulting enginner, Montreal ; Hon. L O. Taillon, K. ('.,
Montreal, to lie Knights Bachelor.
Major General Owatkin, Chief of the 317 Canadian General Staff, Ottawa, to be -Military Commander of the Bath.
Lilias Brown 575
Arthur Argue 389 \mold Corrigan 365 ; Bose Landrie 523
( hade 1 \ -(Marks obtainable 600.) Ellen t 'hisnell
Sadie Lennick 534 ; Josephine Barnett 529 ; Marguerite liodgins 476 ; C Hodgins 464 ; Mvlvyn Armstrong 448 • Willie McKinley 113; Wallace Blackwell,*
110 ; Georgina Wainman, 403 ; Hermit Black, 395 ; Sherwood Horner, 348 ; hr nest Hancock, 347 ; Leonard Wilkie, Marshall Telford, 318 ; Winnie Hamilton, 296 ; Alma Brownlee Lillian Dale, 203.
(Signed) H. T. tiVRDllAN.
JOHN BROWNLEE.
Executor of the Estate
Winifred Pitt 536

Svereta ry-Treasurer.
< «ladv.H
Public Notice
229
, Grade III—x(Marks obtainable 900) Kathleen Hodgih>. 820 : IsaUd McCallmn 826 ; \\ ini tied Armstrong, 800 ; Gladys Strutt, ; Borden Corrigan, 75 4 ; relegrams from I R°** Me( dlum, 732 Marjorn Imison. Bin barest declare that von Mavkensen j "15 ; Balph Finnigan, 687 ; Moreland is directing preparation-, for a powerful I Hodgins, 676 ; Horace Pitt, 646 ; Job , <xped it ion against Egypt, say * a Havas McKinley, 638; Cedric Landrie. 59 despatch from Koine. Advice to the Bussel Findlay, 590 ; (lam Mv-t-taggero from the Rumanian capital, | W illie Kyle, 38 it i* added, are that a number of trains i	,, ,xfi ,	.	.	..
aiiiSS IS?#5’"
-v i:li .i mixed f-»rce - I ui k ( lei mans and Austrians, are current in Paris. ~\
Some
Von Mackensen Preparing to
Invade Egypt
Call and see our New Fall Goods.
I'.uix IVc. 28
Overcoats for Men
In the Latest Belted Styles, with Shawl Collars.
• • •
# e e
Stark
CBS
I
s. K. HuDOINS, Sec. Trent
( l.Sk
KU'tt
>91
Also Sweaters, Gloves and Mitts.
If
list
NOTICE
CARTER GAVE HIS LIFE.
There will lie a meeting of the Ihwnl of St htHil Commissioners of Clarendon, at one o'clock, p. in* ot Saturday the sth January, 1916.
By order of the Chairman.
M. A. MvKinlkt,
A sat. See. Treas.
251
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Celebrated Athlete Mas One of the
Victims of Meningitis at Salisbury
It was only to be expected that some of the most widely known Canadians to die at the front would be athletics. The steadily growing list v — LI	indicates that they have not shirked.
I. ( AMPBKt.Ls Bay Sr. Room. One of the first to lay down his life
(•rade IX :	Lillie Stevenson Kth.-l for tbe EmPire wa* "Nick" Carter, a
MacLean and Vera Smith	i lacrosse player, whose name was
& W flnsl
U ? f i 4 , enn W ilann, Millard was known to the friends of bis brown, 1/da Anderson, Murphy Farrell. ! school-days, came from Elora, On-Grade \—Lome Flood, Asa .Smith tario, and he learned to play la-Gwendoline Morrison, Hillis Smith, irosse with the local team which Lila Young, Ira Sturgeon, Francis Flood I called itself ' The Rocks ” He was Silas Gibson, Greets Wilson Hild i ' blg and rugged in his build and thor-
Thompaoiu Gerald Bennett.’ Xu^tin ?uîhly fearl*88 If a winning team Hariison.	I bsd tbe temerity to put up a hard
fight and to threaten the supremacy of "The Rocks” on their own stamping ground. It was to Carter that the Jr. Room. I fair Amazons on the side-lines shout-
SIligsillHS
„ *'• 11	, Murray ami Nictor|ed them, and so the sleuths from the
Brown, equal ; Hazel Brown, Lilas John
•ton, Boss Thompson.
Or I—Linda Brown, Willow Glodv
t the report* go into various details. It being said, for instance, that the army is likely to consist of from fiOUMK) to 800,000 men, and that a four track railway is being built the half desert region towards Suez
11
CHRISTMAS EXAMS District Schools
I an nary 3rd. 1916
across
Notice to Ratepayers.
OTTAWA
Shawville Academy
Christmas Exams.
Ratepayers w ho have not |wid taxes already are respectfully requested to do so at once and save interest being added, and also place themselves in a | ««it ion to vote on the By-law on January 31st.
E. T. HOI>UINS,
See.-Treasurer, Municipality of Clarendon.
WINTER FAIR
Grade XI—(Marks obtainable 800)
George Hades 631.
Gladys Hodgins, 612.
Karl 1 )agg. 569.
Ida Harris 526.
Clifford Wilson, 514.
Forest Argue, 369.
Zells Grant, 358.
< i rade X—(Marks obtainable 800)
Margaret Morvhvad, 645.
Lilly Sly, 618.
HI wood Dale. 539.
Rae Prcndergast, 512. Marjorie Hodgin*, 461 Maude McDowell, 466.
Sadie Wilson, 155.
Annie Hamilton, 449.
Annie Luna in. 374.
Clarke Cowan, 331.
Ho wick Hall - Ottawa,
JANUARY 18, 19, 20, 21, 1916.
NAVIGABLE WATERS PROTECTION ACT.
R. S. C. Chapter 115.
rill* l ppcr Ottawa Improvcuiciit Coinjiaviy, Limited, hereby gives notice that it has under Section 7 of the said
„.m.	itSSrS£S^I 1 $16,000.00 In Prizes.
At last Carter made up bis mind to i*rntion District of Pontiac at Bryson I	¦	throw In his lot with the Toronto y„e.. a Ascription of the nates and the
willing to name him after their fav- | vinee of Quebec, and Westmeath,	Ko** i	CHTDICO	HI HOP	usinant#
orite hero In contemporary Action, and Horton, Pmwncc of Ontario.	|	CNInlto	uLUut	JANUARY	7th IQIfi
For nearly a decade. Nick Carter warn And take notice that after the expira- 1	UH HUH 11 1 I Ul, I9IQ.
.a figure In professional lacrosse. He tion of one month from the date of the I -r^	1	_ _
JLKnWSii'î t SttJ»S ans s« S	1 Reduced Bates on all Railroads.
roa< ' ,,,UMt kept egen.	man to stop him He was easy going Dated at Ottawa, this 22nd day of
E. T. HO DO IN 8,	and good-natured off the field, but | December, 1915
Sec Tress .	! once In uniform be was ready to fight
Municipality of Clarendon, to the last ditch Shawville, Jan. 3, 1916.	I -
Lizzie A Stephen*. Tvavhvr
No. 1, Campbell» Bay
"Go In on the
Prize list classification extended and
Prize Money increased.
Grade IX—(Mark* obtainable 1200)
Mildred Millar. 927. Cecil Brownlee, 918. GuMsie Dra|s*r, 882. Hester Hodgtna, 869.
Inès Md I. M'»i
Jessie Armstrong, M39. Maymie ThonifMon. 837 Arthur Dagg. 834. Andrew Howard, 803. May# Homer, 798.
Elms Hodgin*, 798 Lucy Major. 789.
-
Lillian Elliot, 769 Irvin Hamilton, 768. Agnes Wilson, 764. Kenneth Hudgins. 743 William Tripp, 733 H
NOTICE
I or I rize List and other particulars write to the Secy.
JOHN BRIGHT,
President, Ottawa.
W. 0. JACKSON
J
Secretary, Oarp.
Secretary's address will be Ottawa after Dec. 27th.
TM VPN* OTTAWA IMMOVENENT CO. LIMITED
X V. WOOLSEY,

687

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
EfiKMFKD FROM fiFHM.INV
Definition of a Drop.
in the new Itritinli pharmacopoeia a "drop" la defined n# coming from a iiiiie of which I he external diameter Is exactly three millimeters, twenty much drops of wafer at IT» degrees C. being equivalent to one milliliter or cubic centimeter.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
A Weekly Journal devoted to Looal Iqtereete, Published every Thursday
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Canadian Officer Traveled All
Through Kneniy's Territory.
I’ncaped from a German prison camp after being raptured at Yprea, and after wandering all through Germany disguise d ae a German. Major P. Anderson who was attached to the 3rd Battalion, has returned to London with a thrilling ntory of adventure and
Interesting account of German condl
lions.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman,
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Saturday,
ot each month.
Subscription, $1 a Year in Advance
iJT All arrears must be paid up before %uj p.iper is discontinued.
of Kd monton
G. F. Hodgins Co s.
Annual Discount Sale
Nicely Flavored.
Newlywed (tit dinner»-This lettuce i* something f1cr< e! Old you wash It? Mrs. Newlywed- Of course 1 did I used perfumed Noap tool
ot it mti: bill.
O
an
ADVERTISING RATES,
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st insertion .uid ft cent# per line or each subsequent Insertion
ILisinon*» cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per lino for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which w-lll be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-(shod free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
A nd
Word of Major Anderson'* escape nnd report to the War Office* ceived by the Minister of Militia in a letter from Major-General Carson
General Carson reports that he has I* Am now arrived in London and has spent
two days with officials of the War I Vl t . ,	, „	,	,
Office, giving them a full account of v, i ' eosf fLJv e "n	, ,,
the conditions which he found In	rJ?* <vf?	a Ave-dollar
Germany. In his message to the	srtat*®*nf matbematl
ISIliSlE
SSS8$S	I=:===- -
î;rv'F iHELp protect
1,1 ¦"	SStoÜ Siû*STiMK
•««* I	,:Z VKÏÏ! I And other (J.nie dette, Coet 8.„„e
laws. Before a Quebec or British by reporting at once to the undesigned
îta T';;. ':ar.,2h%: -»	« *• «... —
must first obtain a permit from the come *ware of. Liberal compensation forest ranger or other official, In- j paid for convicting evidence. All cor-
r.“X '5vs'."2K.,72Si; hr*”	-- -*•
the contrary. One careless settler In 1 aenUI* a district is not allowed to burn the woodlots and standing timber of
was re
First Friday,
lints to Kite Ifcdhus a l«»rnJJ\ Throughout 4 unndn.
fario during
W hen you want the best value for you
, money in ..
Greatest of all saving1
opportunities.
SHINGLES
which co uhl
at $1.65 per M. and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards
JOB PRINTING
Ml kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by mail promptly attended to.
Starts
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 435
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Arnprior, Out
JANUARY 17,1916
Frofewlonal Garda.
THE DEER.
his men of the 3rd Battalion at Ypres Major Anderson was interned at Giessen. Saxony
DR. A. H. BEERS
He had a fair | knowledge of the German tongue,
• having been horn In Sweden, and deI termined to escape if possible spent some months preparing for Mils move, which had to W? begun at night in full view of the strongest camp lights. However, he got away safely.
For the first five days be walked all ,	.	..	«...	,	„
night and slept in concealment all f.ear^J iml,s without penalty befit day. He worked his way gradually tmg V1#‘ arl; J innocent and well-south, using a small hand compass. j ®**®jng neighboi ifl not involved in After the first five days, when he I	*he ^"ilty man, and
thought the coast was clear and pur- responsibility is placed where it be suit evaded, he walked boldly into I lonpa- Every settler is obliged to small villages and slept at the village I notify a ranger of his burning plans inns. He paid bis way out of 250 I and accept his advice as to the cor-marks which he had saved before ! rect *ay of using fire in timbered leaving the camp. Some of the time I areas. For Instance, the settler is he rode on Government trains and | encouraged to stack his brush in the had long and interesting discussions i °Pen and not on the e dge of grow -with German officers and men.	timber; he is advised to chooa*
After working his way to the ex-1 a (,ay when ihf> w»nd down and treme south of Germany he turned I watch	carefully for straw sparks
and worked back again to the ex- These	are simple instructions which
treme north, where he managed to anyone might be expected to take ifiyMODQie —-cross the boundary into Denmark. At Unfortunately through ignorance of »»nüH5l5 OF CANADIAN Copenhagen he reported to the Brit- the danger involved by carelessness. NORTHWEST LAND iah Ambassador, and arrangements many	settlers require legal restrlc-	DCrill	.
were then made to send him back to I tions.	This assures equal treatment	ntbULATIONS-
England via Sweden and Norway
SURGEON DENTIST Campbell» Bay
Qve.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
He
Watch next Week’s EQUITY
For full particulars and complete
Lists of this Great Discount Sale offer.
N.McCUAIC
Prov Game Warden
Bryson, January, lfilf.
S. A. MACKAY
PROMPTLY SECUR
!
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
run s ,'w ’,'v ! NK», whic h fwi i
MARION A MARION.
364 University St.. Montréal.
You will surely appreciate the
saving possibilities.
Bring your Want List.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
l
for all.
Evidence in the hands of the Canadian Forestry Association proves I'm gomg to Conclusively that the settlers themselves in British Columbia have be-
IIL sole head of u family or any mal - over 18 years old , may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion Lands Agency or Sub agency for the District . Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) certain conditions.
C. F. HODCINS CO
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
Couldn't Tut Up tin* IKlufT "Congratulate me
I can't do it conscientious1?, old I come enthusiastic supporters of the I'm married myself."	(Permit Law, recognizing it as quite
as sensible as any other law designed to prevent incendiarism in towns or cities
plicate of the British Columbia Permit Law for settlers* fires would find a welcome reception In Ontario, and that the settlers would soon realize
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
Office and Residence
Campbell» Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday
>ai
on
Indications are that a du
Duties.—Six months residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on u farm of at least 80 acres, on certain condl->w such a measure can be worked 11	• A habitable bo Is required
wihout any bothersome “Red tape." excVpt when residence is performed in
1 In the vicinity.
In ccrthip district»
WHAT CANADA PAYS !
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
196 Main St. - Hull.
ko y leader
gowi stan îlhg may pre empt a quarter section alongside hi homestead Trice $.1.00 per acre
Soldiers’ Pay and Allowances ::
Conditions of Enlistment Provision for Wives, Mothers and Children
A JEWISH FESTIVAI
PHONE DELI.
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Feast of Hanukkah
Celebrated
Duties Six months residence in each
0	' hi ce years after earning homestead patent ; also >0 acres extra cultivation.
1	re e nipt ion patent may be obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
Throughout Canada
On the night of December 2nd in the home of every orthodox Jew in Canada, a candle was lighted just
1 -,iris,ir :
and with singing, the eight-day fes- i «tend in certain districts. Pric e S3 00 tival of Hanukkah commenced. P^racje. Duties. - Must reside six I Hanukkah is called one of the minor “,onlna in each of three years, cultivate | Jewish festivals, but it originated j ^ acre* and erect a house worth $300. back in the second century, and Its A nr,cao* cultivation i .'subject to re
''‘‘iïiirF*	Sv.h'EsHSE?' °,s
v z,I	c.*. ¦
I three, and so on. until on the eighth I	Deputy of the Minister of the Tntcrio
| day there are eight candles burning, j V H—Unauthorised publication of I This commemorates not only the | thi*advertisement will not he paid for. cleansing of the temple which had been defiled by the Syrians, but th»* miracle which accompanied it.
The festival of Hanukkah cele-	...
brates the revolt of the captive Mac- 1 ,>cc- 31—limes arc very dull around cabees against the Syrians. Anti- I hm? at lisent. The heavy Christmas ochue in his conquest of the east, M,,ow «torm put the roads in a very con-forced upon the Hebrews the religion j dition.
of Syria which was much debased in i Albert, Robbie and George Sparling . I ¦ Under Judas Maccabeus have gone to the camp for the winter
%%% i	%
rededication of their temple.	!	%, i\f c
It w„ then, according to legend. Ln|.,l.Muim IWmcy viy.W Mr. that the miracle occurred. Only I ‘, ‘ Maxwell on Sunday, pure oil must be used for the tern- | lfamily of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph pie’s lights, and there was only oil \	Mr*t gathered at the parental
' enough for one night. This was used, , home to |>artake of their Christmas and the following day the cruse had dinner.
miraculously refilled, so that for Mr. and Mrs. Heman IW visited
rss. s. s & -
splendent with light. For this reason Hanukkah is known as the Feast of Lights,
great rejoicing.	I Mis# Maud Sparling ha* gone to Ottawa
In Canada a holiday Is proclaimed j where she intends to remain for after sundown, but it ends at sunrise I f|"£-the next day, so that it does not in any way Interfere with work. The closing day of the feast, December 9, Is also a similar holiday

Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed nesday and Shawville every Saturday,
war
SCALE OF PAY
GEOROE HYNES
Field
Allowance per day
$0.15
Separation
Allowance
Pa
u
RANK
Sergeants_____ ... 77.......
Corporals ..............
Privates, buglers, drummers, etc.
per month
$1.35
$25.00
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Open all hours
1.10
.10
20.00
1.00
10
20.00
The men are. of course, fed and clothed by the Government
~ssa«s a, sta	: e *5
THE PATRIOTIC FUND
to assist those dependents of a soldier who need rrom this Fund the following sums arc paid if the
GREERMOUNT
UNDERTAKING
practice
HAYES A FINDLAY
MAIN STREET
The Patriotic Fund has been created more help than the Government gives need exists
SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention.
Wives...............
Mothers of unmArrled Children of Widowers
Children of married men according to age and number In family.....................
j From $5.00 to $10.00 per month.
W. J HAYES
J. V. FINDLAY
men
j $1.50
to	per
rr—* -
engaging ymenPl°yCrS plcdgcd thcmseIv« to give preference
Public Notice
MIm Sadie Cole came from Ottawa to andi. celebrated	h"	Mr
on Overseas
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Ularvnd
Notice 1* hereby given by E. T. Hodgins, the undersigned Sec.-Treasurer of the Municipality of Clarendon, that a public meeting of the municipal electors of the said Munici-ixiUty, qualified to vote for Municipal Councillors, will be held at Hynes’ hall, in the village of Shawville, on Monday, the 10th day of January, 1916, at 10 ! o clock, a. m., for the purpose of pro ceding with the election of two municipal councillors of the said Munici Ijality, in pursuance of the proviaions of the Municipal Code of the province of <Ju*>L«c, to replace Thomas Fades and W. T. Barber, whose terms of oSce expire.
( hven at Shawville,
December, 191S.
on
^Public
to returned soldiers when
PENSIONS
Willie 8 Black and Roy Bradley hare icône to McDtchlmi'cABp. w
¦ , —-
.	¦ ¦	I—	friends in this section last week.
merely means that the children do Mr. and Mr». T. J. Sparling went to
not attend the night schools or the I Bristol to spend Christmas with relative*
neighborhood clubs of which very I In that section.
many are members.	I	*n1 Mr*. Henry Cole were guest*
they have not been greatly influenced Miss Hannah Cole apent Christmas by Christianity. Here I don’t sup- 1 ^*Jh her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph poae that more than one in a hundred ! '	m
families will have the lights lit. In %	" Uvlna Sparling visited friends at
ÜMhT" “
presents. During the hours that the again, candles are burning no work must be done, but apart from that the regular routine of work Is not interfered
with.”

visited
CONDITIONS OF ENLISTMENT
Age 18 to 45 years
Height —5 feet 2 inches minimum
HOW TO ENLIST
Apply to headquarters of any regiment, or to any recruiting office
* %
or write for information to
CITIZENS’ RECRUITING ASSOCIATION
so
this doth day of
E T HUDGINS,
Hec Tn a,
camp on the
Sronr
McGill building, Montreal
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
###PAGE###6###

The listeners held their breath n< they heard; she was liken thing transfigured, full of light.
Long silence followed; then she turned with a sigh.
“Let us go, children; our spring is not yet come.”
Jack was silent as they carried her in, and his eyes were very sombre.
UNSCIENTIFIC THEORIES

il
“THE ONLY WAV
Is the “Man in the Moon* u Woman
Girl or Soot.
The Vicar’s Nephew ;
A great many curious idea* exist in various parts of the world • regarding the dark spots in the moon’s disk. In the eastern part of Asia the spots are believed to he a rabbit or a bare; the Chinese, in particular, look upon them as a hare sitting up and pounding rice in a mortar. Most of the Siamtue take the same view. Some few, however, see in the moon n man and a woman working in a field. Curiously enough, the North American Indiana have almost the same superstition as the Chinese; and on old monuments in Central America the moon appears us a jug or vessel out of which an animal like a rabbit is pumping.
The South American Indians, on the other hand, believe that a girl,
I who had fallen in love with the moon, sprang upwards toward it, was caught and kept by it, and that it is her figure which is seen on the moon's face.
The Samoa islanders look on the spots as representing a woman carrying a child, and many other southern peoples have similar beliefs, the woman and child sometimes being altered into an old woman hearing a burden on her back. The Eskimos have an original superstition. They say that one day Aniga, the moon, chased his sister, the sun, in wrath; just as he was about to catch her, however, she suddenly turned around and threw u great handful of soot in his face, and thus escaped him ; and of that soot he bears the traces to this day.
The inhabitants of Northwestern India, who account for the moon’s monthly disappearance by declaring that she is burnt up regularly and replaced by a fresh moon, explain the dark marks by saying they are the ashes of the former moon.
Other nations explain her disappearance in various ways; the Dakota Indians have it that she is eaten up by mice; the Polynesian superstition The is that the souls of the dead feed or
\
«
or The Orphan’s Vindication

CHAPTER XI
3 After Helen's death Jack spent two years studying in Paris, lie then returned to London for a year's work in CHAPTER X.—(ContM).	not quite that. I mean—the the hospitals, before going to Vienna,
When Then had gone Jack brought everlasting presence, the idea of it, where he intended to finish his course In-,• uv tv London] mid took Loggings *lw«ys waiting for pyevythi.ig you of study.
IK0w (i-mleivt for himself and ]"?*'• , never thought of till now; One day, soon rfter his return from
I hv d-iilv journey to and from ^ s like a mt dug under one's feet. Paris, he received a letter, addressed t henvv addition to the <,lv|ng: ' bread over me if you dare.' in Molly's hand, but with a London f his life but it gave Helen is as ir w<‘ m,,<t through all our post-mark. It was merely a curt unir to lire «the and trees to look *,,u1 «*'fraid to love; if the gods nounccment that she had come to I t*n:it>1ocl him to be with her foi	»<**. tlvy will take away the town to attend a St. John ambulance
v months left to them.	thing we love."	course and was now in Kensington,
Ills <tu.1vnt lift* whon this happened. , u d^sn 1 mntler, he sm, ,t Sunday afternoon he would find her
jxxxS z..",r,%rzn « > ........................................................ ..........................
itijkS/isoas	sns
lud <o th t the floor seemed heaving Uok herp>	lf you K:<;t the hor- been Pinching and saving, working
, .u )1:m	furs, or the blues, 0r anything, don t and planning nil these years; and he
He hut his eves: the horror of last sit alone this way; hold on tight to was going to call upon her ceremoni-
night v me over him, stifling, intoler- .m° "Jd 1 11 Pul1 you through some- uusly, just as he had to call, now and
ible. "Oh. this is no use!” he thought; h%	.	,	thC.n‘ °" th* ^IVC? of l4hc
I m .rood for nothing to-day; Pd bet- ,, Haven t you ever horrors and He found her in a terrible Early
•ergo" Then he pulled himself to- Iduos of your own without mine? X îetorian drawing-room, a tall girl,
aether and plunged stolidly into the A™. belles, I cant hold on to you grave and self-contained, surrounded
t k set him	a mv ^lfe"	by thin-lipped, censorious women,
At the end of the day one of the , “}Vh.v no* • 1Wh,!t eJ8,e11aV 1 there whose eyes inspected him with freez
l‘v con cor n. * “Yo u ' r v not Took i n g y ou r - Théo ro^eNvith'a %h "stretching were Xdi* fixH on% floor" and
f...
..«S|0 l)ll( <lUjtv •• jacK answered. "I he said, as ho let them fall. “Did you (lured half an hour of small-talk, lis-was /fool to come. I have failed, of know old Hauptmann has wired toning for the rare sound of Molly’s
courseagain? He want* me back in Paris _voice ________________________________ |	|
YoU look ns if you to-morrow night for the Beethoven When he rose to go, she turned to ught to be in bed. What’s wrong?" «*•£•*» at the Châtelet."	the hostess.
‘•Oh nothing much, thank you.”	X es, and you must go and play Mrs. Penning, I will walk through
Two (»i three davs afterwards the >*our 1>€st; it will disappoint mother if the park with my brother; 1 shall be ante examiner sew him in the street V«>u <Wt.. Now tumble into bed and back in time for supper.^	i
md crossed over to speak to him	,ns f°P in fiv‘l minutes. III call you;	Mrs. Penning bit her lip. The Vicar,
Raymond Professor Brooks dined 1 s,m,‘ be UP 111 any case, to look after	when entrusting his niece to her care,	> ictor Km manuel Punished by Gen-
:v:.hih;: s',rloir'“ "SSL M
i.wr un all night with a cancer pa- vvrto next evenihg was up to his best call, was “not a suitable companion King Victor Emmanuel himself is tient"? You were not lit to go in for level or no, it was good enough to for a young girl." She had no intern not exempt from the severe hut kindly the examination. I’m very sorry about Latlsfy bota audience and impresario. Don of letting Molly walk alone with discipline enforced by General Cador it1 he HI* me you’ve been having a >ho exciteti audience, shouting, star- this black sheep of the family; and to
terrihTv bird time"	clapping hands and waving pro- send out a duenna this afternoon .	. .	.	.......
î ivk< « « y t * < tlishvd	grammes, horrified and sickened him; would interfere with arrangements al- ,V^y" A/vw ( ays ag0 Hu* King had
“Yw; and s,: has 'the woman that	h%hu‘ hl».ey,f8 despairingly	ceady made.	this fact sharply brought to his atten-
washes the dissecting-room floor. She	.R,<! Lis! they yelled	at him.	“I am afraid I cannot leave	the	tion by being punished for .his failure
lost her babv last week, and I found	^iS‘”	house to-day, my dear," *he said;	“but	to obey one of General Cadorna's or-
hvr crying on the stairs over her "is breath came in quick pants of d you are particularly anxious to go dvrs, according to an account nppear-hread and cheese. But she didn't distress; he was almost ready to clap out 1 am sure Mildred will not mind ing in n Progresse Italo-Americano.
¦x- miner looked at	him. puz-	°!1 the steps the impresario thrust the	"Thank you," Molly answered;	“but	Hie Generalissimo issued an order that
I'm verv sorrv." he	said again	violin into his hands. He pushed it	1	need not trouble Mildred.”	all his generals who had gone oneiHHH	H
gentlv “Your mother isn’t it? Have kack.	“My dear! I could not possibly let night beyond the first line of trenches of a total of 413 fires reported in
krou plenty of friends in London?”	\'}jcan’t—Pm tired.”	you walk home alone It is not suit-	for the purpose of making special oh-	19M.	only	20,	or less	than	five	per
“Thank vou; Professor Brooks has	'"'ve them something—anything^	able for a young girl, especially a	servations must return at the break	cent.,	were	caused by	settlers	clear-
will you	,h. in.lrum.nl	-I.KS-C'	XmZV&ZZ JVZS	|,,h ,h. .1-in.blll,, .ml «.
let me know? And as for	the exam-	ally and returned to the platform. The	“Yes, of course,'' said Mrs. Penning	trenches, could not resist the tempta-	practicability of	controlling this	nun-
ination don't worry about that ; you'll	roar of shouts and hand-clapping died	nervously; “but I think-Molly	had	tion to stop there a while and chat	®ce 111 8Uch °	way	as	to	reduce	the
pass it'next year. You have the mak-	suddenly as he raised his bow. better not go out while she is under with the soldiers, to the men's great hazar(1 to a minimum, while at the The subterfuges of the enemy arc
mgs of a good doctor.”	Then came silence, and he realized my cave, except with an older lady. • and satisfaction.	I 8ame timp interfering as little as pos- ^tremely varied, and their ability to
iüü iPsi.ni	mmm
petty vanity and self-conceit, and the ^el ho must play something; the Molly turned suddenly, with shin- pants was killed, but the King had a a tXtipt 0ntal 1(> . .vc "?a< i mat< r mise to America not to sink liners effect which success produced on him People down there with the upturned ing, dangerous eyes.	narrow escape, his uniform being cov-!,ul progr®88 m aPP|ymK tnc .leRson ln without warning must be kept if pos-
SSIBFS5 Ssps,::: SSfllsi
His next letter contained a cheque, ing, not forJhe concert-goers; of Paris the.- be alone. Shall we go, Jack?” dation among the officers and men	out p^mits before setting clear-I chunt •*l,PPB»jr without running so
and a figure dancing on one leg for but for Jack and Helen. When he	jlo be continued.)	who had seen their beloved monarch . f	d the same is true as t0 many risks themselves. Hence the
joy. “Darling mummy,” the hurried	therf waat si^nce; then thun- -__*______ so near death, and the news was im- ,,	n,,minion forest reserve* in the ncw welP°n’ lhe submarine mine-
Sims
hurry and get well, and wear the lace Tlieo looked round him desperately;	clothing, greeted him with.	age was caused by unregulated set-	I employed to sow death and destruc-
Vm sending by this post. You’re	tae maddening sound of applause fill-	No	industry,	considered relatively “It is nothing. General. I am	not	t|erg» fireg during the past summer	^on in lhc path of our merchantmen,
never to scrimp and save and go with-	ed b'm with terror; there seemed no	to its	importance, seems likely to pro-	hurt. Don’t bother about me."	jn Quebec, notable progress toward	mines cannot discriminate, but such
out things any more; and old Jack	e8faPe ,n,m ,ts malignant pursuit.	more by the	war than the manu- But General Cadorna, without	the	securing better observance of the per-	details have never worried the enemy.
Sobersides can buy all the skeletons	it—was\t%rT	Uncle Con' facture of fa,8V arms and leg8‘ 0ne shadow of u *mile» replied, in a se- mit regulations has been secured by! These new submarine* have a spe-
^	"sruw.. —....
in the dark any longer.”	He was white and shivering. Con- tish and French governments for $15,- generals to retire back of the first throughout some fifteen million acres to be sown. When the submarine
“You may tell him if you like, dear;	rad, too, was pale, hut from another	000.000 worth of artificial limbs. The	line. Why did you not obey? Be|0f forest land, principally on the wa- ' reaches the selected spot the water-
it can't injure his success now.” She	{‘•ase* He laid a solemn hand on the	normal producing capacity of this es-	kind enough not to visit any part of	tersheds 0f the Gatineau, Lievre wid j tight doors leading into the chamber
broke off, then added nervously:	. * shoulder.	,	tahlishmvnt Is 260 legs a month, hut thv front again for five days."
Ami . . .Jack.'	%Hs% eat* gift *'f g i i '' Mlt * it# output is expected soon to be mul- Victor Emmanuel understood and, The organization of forest protee- The mines arc then mechanically re-
atiis'isA-ttsirs	1— r'7r F	^	-r. -, t
word ‘cancer always gives people For the remainder of the winter he who has a factory in France, has just The same day the King left for law by the Provincial Government her rests on a series of steel “fingers." such a shock; and of course it might	took no Continental engagements. The	returned to secure additional machin-	Verona, where he spent his five days	would constitute notable steps in the These fingers constitute the sinker,
easily he worse. And then the mor-	impresario argued, coaxed, and threat-	cry and workmen. To obtain the lat-	0f banishment from the front in visit-	progress of forest protection in On- and this drops to the bottom. The up-
phi a is a great help.”	ened in vain; then resigned himself	ter is not easy, for false legs and	jng military hospitals.	tario.—C. L., in Conservation. ward pull of the mine forces the sink’ Yes, I’ll tell him."	with a shrug of the shoulders, and arms, especially the former, are com-	_*_ er into the bottom, and by this means
saJSSS&SeiE	UR: —L,c . youngsters are ca»ed for.
whole truth, but enough to prepare hold in comfort, and to surround T, , . f	• WAri Being l sed >V ith Great Success in	! will, if used at all extensively, greatly
him for hearing the rest. A tele- Helen with small luxuries which did . The<urk *’g s fa .	...	z French Hosoitale.	City Streets Are Closed So Children increase the work to be performed by
gram came in answer; Theo was on something to soften the hardness of "ftion. In real life such a thing is	___________ our mine-sweeping craft during the
his way home, leaving the impresario a hard death.	| not, and never has been, cork being por centuries past garlic—the very	coming bad weather. It will also add
to apologize to an excited Parisian The last time that she left her room just about the most unsuitable ma- gound smells!—has not held a place In the congested tenement and considerably to the danger of nmvigat-audience.	was in the beginning of March. Be- terial for the purpose that could be - English cookery, though its favor foreign districts of some large cities the home waters Whether the
sææsæ æsàsæ
in him some dormant strain of his mo- On the warmest afternoon Jack and '	. 1	,n ,	root adds greatly to the flavor of the j children of the poorer classes. This our mine sweepers and on other unde-
ther's character. In her presence he Theo laid her upon her couch and car- now >p bought arc of co 18	1 y family joint.	I P**a has l>een resorted to because of flna^|c circumstances,
never lost his self-control; but Jack, ried her out into the Gardens, that she d<,rn inventions. It may be taken for A m of London reveals the fact the lack of public recreation grounds. ,f .	.	. .. d
98B8S SFHi IP !S@ mm mEÜ
child!	I “Mother." Jack eaid at last, "I’m wood- BS* TLrl’.i ,Vl too. held iU place in our grand- erciee themselves without danger of
—!	r„; past	,r„ r
Jack sat down with him on the this again. Look!” Her eyes turned ankle of a person whose foot had been	.	! streets are closed from three to six
edge of the bed, putting an arm round back to the crocus flowers. “They are amputated.	acnes ami pain .	.
his shoulders to stop their nervous my people.”	Famous in history is the Iron hand And now wc arp ogaia threatened
hivering.	J.a°v	her mpani.n8:? of Goetz von Berlichingen, a knight of with an invasion. Our French allies
“You ar* good to me, old fellow, he lacked her gift of keen imagination. mA,iisev-i Nuremberg- and there was have discovered that It is admirable
ssixpi.-asMTsatrsrs: riE?tw2,Us?5
“That's all right; I’m used to be- that he might not look upon the nak- udl° had an non foot weighing ten ing up.”	edness of this eternal, unhealed grief, pounds.
“Jack, are you never afraid, never?” “Don't you see?” Theo murmured “I don't understand. Afraid of from the grass. “They are an army." what?”	The sudden light leaped up in ifel-
“Of death.”
Jack's brow drew down into an
%-
nr
u
f
/
m
v

;
w
fmc

4
x
¦ ^ u
W
nva
% —
hvi

town wa


it




!
m
t
>//>?
thv I

ZJ
N*.

)

u
on
\
4
i r
X
y.
i
n

<
!

/
A
Ji
i
/
7'

/

V
t
i

m
/

/
THF. PIIOTFI'TION OF THF WHITISH HAü ONCE MOKE IX OIM 'T
—lïtoii Tlio Mouti Hull)
fear so
x.M>.
king disciplined by chief
PERMITS FOR BURNING
Necessary to Overcome Loss From Settlers' Clearing Fires.
Formerly, one of the chief sources of fire damage in the Adirondack mountains of New York was the set-
na, Commander in Chief of the Italian
ting of fires by svtt'crs in forest sections for the clearing of land damage resulting from the escape of her; according to thv Hottentots, the such fires, set in periods of drought, moon suffers from headache, anc was so great that a law was enacted when it gets very hud she hides he* providing for the regulation of set- head with her hands and covers up hei tiers’ fires, by requiring that a permit face from the gaze of the world ; the for burning be first secured from a Eskimos maintain that after shining forest officer. The result is that it has for three weeks, she gets tired and become a rare exception for a settler's hungry, and withdraws to take one fire to escape and cause damage. Out enormous meal, after their own fashion, and then reappears and begins to shine again.
Th
led

SV MM A RIN E M1N EL A Y ERS
A New Danger From German Operations in the North Sea.
are shut, and the chamber is flooded
St. Maurice rivers

MS

UNSUNK TIGER AND LION
o'clock each afternoon, during which Two British Battleships That Are Still
the
- -***.- « » w„, «,
with great success in the French hot-	--*----- Tiger, the British battleship which
pitals mt the present time.	Berlin reported destroyed in the naval
It certainly will be a rather quaint	An Economic Loss.	.engagement when the German cruiser
revival, for at one time any connec- “Had our 3,000,000 soldiers been at Bjucher was sunk, according to cor-tion with this plant was considered a wor|i last year," an English statist!- respondents who recently visited the I	I B | “Some men have no more hearts, ', disgrace, and the term “garlic* ester” calculates, “they would have fleet.
.	*n , ™ said a tr^mp to a fellow-sufferer, was synonymous with “a low fellow.” earned at least £234,000,000 in wages. The Lion, which received such a
*usf «its? k	25 srrï kwr	.. srsisivtn	r.;
worse things than death to be afraid upon them before they have seen the doors.	Mrs. Wright: “Oh, doctor, couldn't centre of Europe the loss has been mirai shifted hie flag to a destroyer
Ipl I	sunlight; they fail and die, and it	“Didn't that fetch him?"	you give me something to cure my much greater, at least 11,000,000 men he stepped upon its deck from the
* I don't mean one's own death— afflicts them nothing, for they are	MNaw, * He tol' me he was a-doin' dyspepsia!" The Doctor: “My dear having been withdrawn from produc- forecastle of the Lion, is now as well
u..,.: a-zL-Lg-A &	1	~-|i«	“ -ft*"’ -
Fighting Units
as
Cornin' to the Worst
en a eyes.
of."
###PAGE###7###
ALL MOTHERS NEED ! CONSTANT STRENGTH
f
Exceptional Record
By Royal Bank
Feature* of Strength, fn the .statement of assets and liabilities almost every account seems to contribute something to the general strength of the whole exhibit
In Addition to Showing Position of Eg glTn* “made Tn liqui^a^^de- difffeu Itifs' ' and" unce^tlintieï ‘ of^thJ TOO # Unprecedented Strength, Hank has P0H'1®» tot«* <*«11 and current loans, voluntary system, hns had to grapple i Made Increase in Net Profit* oxer 1 lt' j’™1-1'‘que nee, in the ( 1 as- with the i i gigantic problem of re- . _
—H	:
im?im. inns pp=i rnmm rnmm
and make her work easy Mrs. G h„(, k.tn out of th(. army for 44 years, f* "'	"*? '"T department, loans, the call loans both i„ and ont- liam, like another Philip, created the
Strasser. Acton West, Ont. says:	,t occurred to him recently, after “"ofiu ôv. r /T " *" '""Tt	l£*«?	havin* advanced to R ussian military machine which
am the mother of three children, and hearing some of Lord Derby's omi,-	t.he prev.,0“r. T®/’ '*	$14.654,000. and Frederick the Great wielded like on-
after each birth I became terribly Hurivs that in spite of his age he was	time, establish^ new re-f total current loans in and outside of other Alexander. Carnot organized
run down; I had weak, thin blood, al- ,, pretty lit young fellow, so he ap-l^' t Y ^^^ages of both liquid Canada $100,551.000. against $09,587.- the French armies which Napoleon ways felt tired, and unable to do my p|jed for enlistment, and was made a â!!!.®,	‘L”®? ,®S Wel* “ m total 000, an increase of close to $7,000,000. led. We come down to a still more
household work After the birth of Member of the King’s Shropshire, T®')" ""d total current loans.	Looked upon as one of the younger recent instance when wc remember
my third child 1 seemed to be worse. Light Infantry. Private Farmer, who	,, îUc.h r,emarkable tains of the bigger Banks, the Royal has that von Boon's functions as an army
and was very badly run down. 1 was j, u joiner by trade and native of “	looks /"me specia! _ certs,nly made phenomenal strides, maker were almost as distinct from
advised to take Dr. Williams' Pink Shrewsbury, is very proud of the fact c®*'"" for growth of the Royal s and its ability to exhibit such a state- Moltke’s as was the latter’s position Pills. 1 found the greatest benefit that the doctor who passed him de- : "usmess, and this results in one ml- ment under the conditions that pre- from Bismarck's, from the Pills, and soon gained my	dared	him sound	in wind ahd	limb.	m®st 'm,ne‘lmtely hazarding the opin-	vailed during the past year augur We need not multiply examples. We
old-time strength. Indeed, after tak-	-*- ”n .at *hc.Bar!k '» now beginning	well for its further growth and ex-	have said enough to show that our
UVE ,N THE TRENCHES.
work. I also used llaby’s Own Tab-	--	T"' , Ur*e savin*8 mu/t	The principal accounts, with com-	cr for the direction of two different
lets lor my little onv*, and have found	I'Xpcrivnct*	of	a HnIihK	\ olunteer	M »« ually have been made and the	pansons with previous year, are as	and even conflicting kinds of work
them a splendid medicine for child-1	Officer at Gallipoli.	wholu organization steadily rounded | follows
hood ailments.”	;	,	t. ,	.	.	.	. Iout *n a waX that permitted of the
'1 ‘ ’ n*‘	and ten yards away. They bespatter-	profits for the fiscal year end-
ed me and the company sergeant ma- *n^ NovemI | jor with dirt, but, thank God, that ^^05,576.57, HiHÜHHl I I was all. I thought something worse caPitaJ» compared with $1,886,142.67,
. . D	xvould have happened, writes a British or	in the previous year
Arndoii Kestaurant.	volunteer officer, since wounded, in «mount at the credit of profit and
l ooking, or the compounding of sal- the Manchester Guardian.	loss at the end of the previous year
ads and sauces, has the authority of We are in a long fire-trench, full of totalled $614,062.25, this, with the ,b,l,tle" historic precedent as a suitable hobby twists and turns, almost a maze; in Profits for the current year, brought ‘ “,r"nt lor French gentlemen of distinction.) fact, I have to keep a plan in my note-1 the total amount available for distri- Percentage It was fashionable among the aristo-, book to find my way and realize where lotion up to $2,519,638.82. Of this ,,r <*"h craey in court circles before the Revo- my men are. The Turks are from 10 «mount dividends took $1,387,200, iiainmes lution, and became of essential service to 30 paces away from us. Neither $ 100,000 was transferred to officers' Total call \o more than one noble fugitive from side dare show a finger, and the watch Pension fund, $250,000 written off , .loan” • •
:he Terror during his exile. One is constant. Both sides have to keep Bank premises account, $105,966 ap- 1 rtn‘t hwn* Sm.4^5 young nobleman, after narrowly es- moving the periscopes, as the enemy plied as war tax on the Bank's note Hank pram raping the guillotine, hid his great *nipe them.	circulation, leaving the amount to be
name under an alias, and served for I never saw so many flies as there carried forward to profit and loss at cohmUh" several months as an assistant in a 11 re here. I had 10 in a mug of tea the end of the year $676,472.16. I «mounts
famsus London restaurant, where he as soon 18 it was handed to me. I	Wlht,r,,,nr 5-*61-l*0 37	s!o77>35.6i	He	(he Reason
was soon given entire responsibility had begun to get used to them	^—	.	. .	...	,
for the minced meats, entrees, and where I was before, but here they are	KITCHENER AS A SPY.	How He Left His Moncv	A c cr^ was d^charged. He asked
sssissss sss?-—
: « s'lkz;î: ^‘«v-S	t M
The chef, Monsieur Edouard after of ordinary life seem to us. Tea and spy '|ra8Kf<l >n, who algo would counsel, observing him client’s dis-
nns ï srssrfc a-n	tzi1	7	7^ zzs 'i":,Arx
give notice of his deoarturc	juice; butter never comes our way, koon thc soldiers on guard outside <itfendant, unless some steps are
zLTJrjssz'T& ’z
S3 =%%%," a-f Ï-5S |t:arrs.M; ””
Piimbly. Your omelettes, especial- r!>orolate’ intertwined with melted	Jor on hoHr °f mora'
silver paper wrapping. The food is 1 les* ^he third spy appeared at the
monsieur!" cried Fdounrd	i a|l covered with dust,	all sorts 0f, ^trance to the tent and asked to be
with outflung hands. -So I have al-	thintf8 h*PPen to <>ur	utensils, and f ukof|'	l.° headquarters, as he	had
ber that we have had omelette for ! n'r' are none 07u*.here wh” hav' Lu® .„ Jowl^t «“^'"er himself, breakfast both yesterday and to-dav.	*een war ran ever desire another. I wh<”>e	knowledge of the native	Ian-
Yesterday I prepared it; an omelette	hate '* entl everything	belonging to »ua«e	and powers of disguise	had	--
ïiGT a ¦sursat W AszAAASt, t	; BESSSSSSES
approved it. and so did the two ire nth that ri*ht ha* to Prov« itMlf might, ‘wo stubborn dervishes.
men. monsieur's guests. But to.d,y : to gain the victory Î Very few can	- , .
? was monsieur’s fancy to make the fafe ,uch a crlais with equanimity. I N» "latter how red a man s hair omelette himself, after a recipe of his oannot and never sha11- Perhaps men may l>e he hates to lose it.
own. with chicken liver, and small j who are born ,oldier* can lau*h red peppers. I, myself, passing by ! death and revel war- but wk« *m the door, overheard monsieur’s guests only a P001- ,awyer who has ‘empor cry out in ecstasy, ’But, good heavens. *rîly do^*d tbe robe *? do" khaki*
Pumas, this omelette is exquisite' It mu,t confe,a 1 prefer the rob* ! do Is divine! It is surpassing! Even the not ,ay that 1 em not takln* Pride in omelette of yesterday is as nothing doin* my duty; I take an immense to this!’ There wss . little left I pride my work ‘•«•use it is my slipped in; I tasted ; they were right! I duly and ,like *® do my best. But ”1 must, monsieur will understand, I fhe work *ive* me no pleasure of j depart at once, to refresh my art by | stidy and experiment. 1 am willing ;
)o admit that monaieur is no ordinary j
Amateur; he may rank with prof es- ; In • private report which has come sionals; "till, I cannot remain Iran- into the hands of the French, the <iuill? in his klt< hen. permitting my- number of German field artillery of
s. f to be surpassed 1 depart with j ficera of all ranks who have been kill-homage and regret—but I depart."
KITC HEN ICR'S GREAT TASK
FAIMS FOB BALL'
l/AKMS ALL E Grain. Dairy or Fruit, ant to buy. w rite II.
S * Ut'K. W liKn y ou W. Daweon,
More Exprrted of Him Than Any Man Could Accomplish.
i
Of
FOB RALE

Their Strength is Taxed and They are Victims of Weakness and Suffering
\ciu:s
14 IN hi XT H CON ii Franklin
I»1. M UHk
Ml
lloi
>uinn Wli<l
HlrkiM

ll/TK l-KtJIKillN ten. Korku. Fxi Millet
WVANDoT-rdliiHry burst, Marx a. Out.
ever had ga,r
.1
WANTED
IS AND Hl'TTICIt V\ A NT FI
r. J l>. A
Mlgl
I

1)11
nun]
H
HI.. Alnrifin«hI
K
HEWSAà.’EB* FOB SAJ.«J
»
htf «.oui ron to.
risrrLLANEous
I
1 ANCKJt
Internal und external, vl « ui pnln by our home treatninrit u* before too lute
TuMOitg, LU AIM# ETC1.
ured with-J. Write Dr Heilman >1 edivul Limited. Colllnrwood. Ont

to over sorb one famous mind and the use of
fî- THE ROGEN X-RAY n
.^Little w.NDtBWITH THIS 4
î
<
L YOU CAM APPARENTLY
6 SEE THRU CLOTH
EVEN THE FLESH LOOKS 1 TRANSPARENT' THINKor THE 6. FUN YOU CAN HAVE.Cm IOCTS,
At dee Co., Dtp. 349. S.amford, Conn
AND

1
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
Mailed free to any address by the Author
H. CIA Y GLOVER, V.S. 118 West 3!s! Street, New York
\
•*
I
America's Monger Dog Remedies
SELDOM SEE
a big knee like this, hut your hor#e may liave a bunch or bruise on hi* ankle, hot k, stifle, knee or throat.
1
ABSORBINE
.*.	¦ y. TRADE MARK (UG.U.lMî. Off
will clean it off without laying ;p
the horse. No blister, no hair
...	,	gone. Concentrated—only a few
either of them big enough to absorb drops required at an application. 52 per
1915.	the greatest mind or set of minds. b«.rtid dfli?erf<J. Dwcriberoar <*w lor Medal lni(rovt; ,ne
« 1»0B,S7«.87 The provision of the requisite armies £““irl,"
was aml is, the main affair. Seientifie M
strategy is useless unless it wields cf- or	Msdcmiher s a hy
fuient y and sufficiency of force, * F ïOUNG. P. D. F., 516 Lymans Bldg., Montres' :an
Even with the splendid way in which
Lord Derby is helping Lord Kitchener
198,299.123.11 to make a success of the voluntary.
Xf.S94.4fi2.43
191 I
NVt profit*. 91.**1,142.67
Percentage earned on paid up capital. .
Total deposit n . .
Total anas t* ....
Liquid as-nets ....
As I Pen entage
of liquid assets to public liu
16.31
16.48
tbsorbloe md Absorbloe. Jr., ire audc to Cuuda.
116.051,206.23
154.976.327 97
her 30th,	1015
equal to 16.48% on the
were


X GREAT AMATEUR COOK
179.404.or,4.3#;
'wg&w? v .<

>T'f*



\YMORE :
71.244,677.99
* Trench Nobleman Served in Fumou*
Monsieur:
For Ifi days In the month of January I was suffering with pain of rheumatism In the foot. I tried nil kinds of remedies but nothing did me any good I told me about MINA RIFS hs soon as I tried it the Saturday night the next morning I was feeling very good: I tell you this remedy is very good : 1 could give you n good certificate time that >ou would ilk* HL If any time I corne to hear about nr person sick of rheumatism them about this remedy.
Yours truly.
KRNEST LKVE1LL1 216 Hue Ontario East. Montreal.
Feb 14 1908.
m
46.66
49.03
One person
LINIMENT:
12,995.483.76
15.946 239.46
F THE LARGEST FIREPROOF RESORT! A HOTEL Dl THE WORLD
The Spirit of America at play: Magnitude and Cheerfulneee.

alii to have one
17.8»
18 43
1 4.654.905.25
I could tell
18.862.46S.87 1 "6.552.634 92
AMEBZCAN PLAN
D 9. White, Free
J W. Mott. Mgr
I
Thought* of Love
Kind thoughts and words arc never wasted, and if we were regularly to
ev

us
Mi nerd's Liniment Cures Colds, àe.
Experience one buys is sometimes worth the cost.
Cures Diphtheria.
money to
not to you. Let's have a peep at ! the will "
Start off the New Year with a Victrola—and it will be a happy one.
Mlnurd’s Liniment Cures Distemper
A Victrola is entertainment for the home, and an education for the family. It will acquaint you with all the great «ingéra and instrumentalist#, and everything in standard and popular music. Home is not truly home nowadays without one.
gjamongst me money for
WF. Murine Is pre-
Z1	Pared by our Phy-
ly
M
“Ah,
$21
With
15 ten-inch Double-Sided Victor Records
*16 selections* >our own choice
many years In their
\JL	#d to the Public and
TO II RcItSSM^BSt
Cleanse, and Strengthen Eyes after expos Cold Cutting Winds and Duet and to r
for this
ure to
Genuine

Victrola
$34.50
tfUr|l>iol,el?t H*6	* CcmpktePkg.
y for use. Try It In es for Eye Troubles
Write for Book of the Eyr
Eve Remedy Cei.ieeny.
VWtreU IV.
Other Victrolas $33.60 to $400. Write for a copy of our Musical Encyclopedia listing over 6000 Victor Records, including all standard and popular music on 10 inch double-sided records as low a# 90 cents for the two selections.
Any of “His Master's Voice” dealers will let you hear them. If there Is not one In your vicinity, notify us and we will that you art not disappointed In an early delivery.
E
your Bym and In Baby's No Smarting^-Just Eye
fort.
»
x\
Vulnerable.
A visiting minister preaching in a small town, near which a well-known race meeting is held, forcibly denounced the “sport of kings." The principal patron of the church always attended the home meetings, and of this the stranger was afterward informed.
“I'm afraid I touched one of your weaknesses," said the preacher, not wishing to offend the wealthy one; “but it was quite unintentional, I assure you."
“Oh, don't mention it," cheerfully retorted the backslider ; “it’s a mighty poor sermon that don't hit me somewhere."	I
rDODDS
/
5 Kl D NEY^
kSg-
eee
s

s
BERLINER ORAM-O-PHONE CO., Limited
601 Lenoir Street, Montreal

V
German Officers Killed
• -1 up to September 10 since the be
A „ ,	. (dnning of the war on the Western
The best way to get a living is to] front, Is put as equal to the officer
earn lt-	» personnel of 240 batteries.
New Agencies C
• <1 VN here We Are Net Properly Represented
ED. 7
ISSUE I—*14.
t
###PAGE###8###
I
Custom Sawing.
GRADUATES » WILLIS COLLEGE
The Shawnlle Bool and Shoe Store
Having imulti arrangements | with 11. T. Argue, I wish the
| t>vuplv of this district to know I will have charge of hi s sa w ! mill for the winter months, ; i ami am in a |H»ition to do ] custom sawing of all kinds
'
are practically assured of immediate employment.
The high standard of this College, in Commercial and Civil Service training, has won the respect
of the Employer.
WILLIS EMPLOYMENT DEPARTMENT
is always at the service of all Willis Graduates-
Gold Weather Necessities

Herbert Strutt.
Wo have a complete line of ..
Felt Boots for Men, Women and Children.
Deerskin Moccasins and Mitts.
We have Wright’s, the very best.
Women’s Overgaiters and Jersey Storm Rubbers
Just the thing for comfort on a cold day
CANADIAN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO
Round Trip Excursion Fares Epiphany—January 6th, 1916
NO TIME IN TWO YEARS HAS THE OUTLOOK FOR WILLIS
GRADUATES BEEN SO 0000.

Lowest one-way Fir*t ( lass Fare AT for round trip, good going and *¦ 1 returning Thm ' lay. January tttli, only.
Lowest one-wav Fir-t t la^s Fare and one-thinf. for round trip, good going Wednesday and Thui'Mlay, January Ôth and Oth : return limit, Friday January
7th,i HO
For particular», tickets, etc., apply
V. A. L. T1VKKR.
Agent. Shaw ville
The time is now * do not delay.
Send today for particulars.
»
t
3
OTTAWA
ONTARIO.
Try us for Wool Socks and
Mitts at right prices.
Personal
Mr. (i. II Itralwzon, M. I*., was n town Friday afternoon.
Mis> Laura Wiunity left on Frida) afternoon, to visit Ottawa friends In-fore returning to Montreal.
Mrs. 11. II. Flliott, and >i<ter, Mrs.
J. A. I
Thursday evening last.
Mr. and Mrs. K. M. Haggins and of t Htawa
and Mrs. Jack McNeill
HIS HARD TASK.
SILOS
It Wearied Him, and Yet We All Face the Same Problems.
A friend once asked an aged man what caused him to complain so often at eventide of pain and weariness. Alas," replied he. ' 1 have every day t New Y vais with Mr bo much to do. I have two falcons to
tame, two bares to keep from running away, two hawks to manage, a serpent to confine, a lion to chain and a h with his eick man to tend and wait upon."
“Well, well," commented his friend, “you arc busy Indeed! Hut I didn’t know that you had anything to do with a menagerie, llow, then, do you make that out?"

SILOS
SILOS
Encourage Home Production.
i rived from Ivlinontoii on
P. E. SMILEY.
I v»l
We are prepared to manufacture Silos of size, complete, ready for the Silage.
Estimates cheerfully furnished Consult
your order.
Colts, Cattle and Sheep taken as cash in payment.
I"
P. S-Hosiery a Specialty
any
f t'orit wal
McGuire
accompanied by hi* little danglit
spent the New Year Sea mil ______
Imrent* in town.
I >r. W
<
before placing
IIS
Card of Thanks.
LOCAL NEWS.
IA mi Smiley, wlv sjient 1er ..e* holidays with Idem Is here
who 1 tt Ltseelles mi
Mi
\\\ Hodgins tx ish to
to those 1t hi
1 Mr
. xpress their sin ere t hunks who showed their sympathy and so gene ! returned rouslv ottered their services duriinr the Mondiiv great h n &\i ment w hi h i ent Iy urtli t
lie Meath of their little
Mr
l
A mistake that many a tv likely to make ftu t In* next week n* two (\mtiimv to \\ i iti
!
lHlo
“Why/' continued the old man, “listen. Two falcons are my eyes, which I must guard diligently; the two hares are my feet, which I must keep from walking in the ways of sin; the two hawks are my hands, which I must train to work that I may provide for myself and those dependent on me as well as for a needy friend occasionally; Mi'. J. I. h ” - I, «11 ug h ter, Mi-. s. tpc serpent is my tongue, which I must
___ Kenny, am! grand daughter, h *i i- keep evcr bridled lest it speak tin-
Roll Kenny, all t < >tt	• m -i,v'1 ‘ seemly; the lion Is my heart, with
“ rniv* 1,1	which I have a CMiUBUll fight lest
evil things come out of It, and the sick man is my whole body, w hich Is always needing my watchfulness and care. All this daily wears out my strength."
Kthel Met ord, one of the th Carp, (Ont) School *nt the pad week vi<itii shawville and \ ivinity.
de Wliarrvy, profession 1 with I >r. Wvbder, ( It taw In* city Monday, from a 1 dive- it stark- Corners.
Mi
1 their lion m. I.ind/av
Put thi- down in y resolutions :
>ur New Resolved
tvachei
DONALD FRASER.
A. A. ARMSTRONG.
Y eat ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
that in 1910 I will buy all my clothing a ml furnishings from Dover, where I can >avv money.’
ta tt
I"
The Klm-iile Homemakers Club friend w ill meet at the home of Mrs. Jack Mjs. N McNeill on Thui-¦! i\, J my 18th at
e-ting subject- to snap that will make I liniitINt ( omlit lOIJ-ol the m.uut- x your collection mon* interesting. Fresh tact tiring ot clothing Mr- J. ( . supplies alw.-i} s on hand at	Jamieson : The easiest method foi
h Imi->n s stud .,n,» v men in tin* home t*» entei
le i ttlar monthly met inn f t-1*11 Mr*. M. M. MeCredie ;
ill ; Model n labor saver-.
P. S—Wood, Timber and Lumber of all kinds

nit
for sale.
i
to)
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FAOTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Mrs. I’ -.
last week
the Sium ville Homemakers Club will be held at the home <»t Mrs.
Win IltMlgin* on Friday, Jany 7th.
11 8 I». Hi.
I nion services of intercession in
consequence of tin* war. are being held here thi- week a- follows
Monday,
Tuesday.
Wednesd n Thursday,
Friday.
Saturday,
VI are invited t*• take part
•-«• services.
Mr. lli i	K •:. 'H"ii "f Hailey
fin: KqVity Mr. It
«
bury, drop] while in t«*wn 1 t-t week
1 l»v 1

7.80 -St Paul's “ —Methodist “ Presbyterian ** —St Paid s " - Methodi't — No service.
Wit*
Theie were many visitor*» from the sut rounding country at tin* i ink New Year's night from -katilig during the afternoon and evening, the day pa-M»d off without any ado, w hatever.
In con-equeiiee of the Vniun * tin intercession meetings that are|
I icing held thi- u «•••k. the weekly sewing meeting with Red Ci| f«»r Thursday cancelled.

:
: Accmnp.ii
l>r. S.
«lay to Michigan jn alunit 10 da> 1 to remain loi
Mi. <; married, arri home <>i his H. Arm-trot
Mr- < >11 ra left on Tluira it friend* .«t Port Huron. The Dr. will l*e absent s but Mr*. O’Hara expect*
Vpart
CAPTURING A GIRAFFE.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
The Animal Is Too Fragile to Snare In
Traps or Pitfalls.
Perhaps you have often wondered about the scarcity of giraffes In pub-v> lie zoos. The reason that only a very few menageries can boast of this exhibit is on account of the difficulty In rtturned V> capturing and transporting them.
The long legged and long necked ant-W il*h. Willie Harnett, mal, keen of eye and nose and ear, can
hi* 1 see, smell and hear a hunter miles away. Hunters cauuot employ traps and pitfalls against him. Ills fragile legs would bo crushed in a (rap, and t both his legs and neck would be broken In a pitfall.
There is only one way to capture a giraffe alive. He must be surrounded and chased until from sheer weariness he Muggers helpless Into a bamboo Inclosure.
Peril lies in shipping the giraffe for Ills voyage on the sen. The giraffe’s legs break very easily. If lie slips the fragile underpinnings double under him and snap. In transferring the animal from shore to ship Ills long, helpless neck may become tangled lu the tackle or strike a spur, must or shroud. In which event its all over with Mr.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
\
tilt
h hi' laid

l
Married
I M
in connection | work, a mm get 1 veiling, ha* been
Mr
i
rinuxlav

*
Mr. Ja* D. Horner, proprietor of the Shaw ville Meat Store, i~ receiving the congratulation* of hi* | friend* tlie*e da\> on hi* marriage their stud to Mi** Elizabeth, daughter of the Monday : late Janie* Hodgin*. of Thorne, ( larem •• The happy event t « * ik placent the Hamilton, home of the bride * mother, Mr*.
Hit hard Young, «if Hodgin* 1\ <>.. on Wednesday, Dee. Jbtli, in pre-*nice of a few frieml* of the contracting partie*. The Rev. John Hurxtof Yimss wa«* tlx* officiating Field and garden seed Mipplie* clergyman. The function* of are practically t»*-*ured for the I bridesmaid were performed by 191H planting. There i- a *eav« ity Mi** Ida Yonng. (Iialf-*i*ter of the t|u in A me viva n grown crop* ineltid- bride.) while Mr. Augiwt Dim ing bean*, onions, and to a le**er acted tin* part of ‘‘be*! man. ’
i Mrs. Horner have taken
U Ig
111
A «lunll foire of men are at work developing a mineral de-jio*it on the McLaren pnqw i ty near Portage du Fort. This K<H*ity has no information a* to the nature of the mineral, not the prosjMvt* in sight.
tM Polleg
t M
Custom Sawing.
II'mLmi
'(•il, who removed years ago. and i' • mil' farmer* biting old friends
Mr. <iv . to the West now one of
Hairy Hill d in thi' 'cetb
l! 1
J
Farm Seed Supplies
-nc.l, who whs very
event! weeks ago hy
barge of his revolver, • to the hospital for nt. has recovered liable him to return
M r. \N
i
JANUARY SPECIALS
I
and who had surgical tr sufficiently home again.
i xtent • et rui n. A moi	t In
imported stocks, swede turnips up residence in town are rather short, also spinach and salsify and some varieties of ear-lied Plover and Alfalfa are
Mr. an
Red Cross Work
We are still out to save you money. Below we mention only a few of our specials for January, in order to clear out the balance of our Winter Goods. Be sure you take advantage of these bargains, as goods of this kind will be much higher in price later on.
8 only Men's Coon Coats, large sizes reg. $10, 48, and 00, to clear $81.50 1 only Ladies’ Muskrat Coat, j length, size40, reg. $08 for 1 only Men's Fur Collar Coat, size 38, reg $14.50 for
Temperature of the Earth.
It has been generally believed that the temperature increased at almost a constant rate from the earth's surface toward Us center, but this supposition appears to be incorrect in the light of recent experiments. In one mine the average rate of Increase in temperature, carried down to 8,000 feet, was one degree for each 250 feet of descent Various results have been obtained from measurements in other
No temperature variations
itmistinlly short and show an ad va nee in i nice from 30 to 75 pet vent._ Other kind* that might be used as a clover substitute. a~ alsike. are higher in price than the y*iT »upidy would otherwise warrant.
Well-e*tahlidicd Canadian seed houses with contracts made two or three years in advance will have no serious trouble thi* *etv *on in taking care of their regular trade. Seed merchants who depend from year to year on the in plus stocks that may be off ered,	Methodist L \me* An
may have less assurance a* to the -•*; towels .*$0 wadi cl«»tli% character of their supplie*.	cloths
rile follow
t
1 ittted to the Hed Cross Society i* a re-•old of the operations during the past of Homemakers clubs ami -other organization* in this district :
Shaw ville H. M. Cli h 175 purs k*. 2o |mit' wristlet*. 2 pur* U-d k' ; 20 flannel 'hints 11 night 3 pairs gloves, 3 suits pyjamas. 3 piirs gloves, 22 handkerchiefs, I hot
v« r, l p i k ig< old • loti
18 sheets.
Giraffe
Couldn’t Leave.
They were late nt the special sale nnd found o crowd clear out to the doors.


“Isn’t it dreadful?” asked No. 1.
“Perfectly awful,” replied No. 2.
“Think of cultivated, Intelligent women in such a Jam ns that!"
"How can they endure it?"
“No woman of dignity would be 2 only Indies’ Fur Collar Coats, reg. $11.09 for
caught in such a mob, and I am going right back home."
“So am I."
$12.50
$11.95
$9.50
$0.15
$5.15
places.
were shown between depths of 1,400 feet and 2.300 feet In the Knlgoorlle mines In Australia. These and other observations ere considered as indicating that the increase of temperatures with depth in the earth is not governed by any general law.
i
H. M -
k'. 15 ptiiF wristlets, <K1 handkerchiefs. 30 flannel -hirts. 7 hot
3 only Mon’s Corduroy Top Sheep Lined Coat*, reg. $7.50 foi 2 only Men’s Duck Tbp Sheep Lined Coats, reg. $6.50 for
though, wuaf.ihat women «.jingr^ All our Men’s and Ladies’ Cloth, Overcoats to be
“Why, that she got three cakes of	_	_
One noteworthy feature about royal regular ten cent soap for 15 cents. Oh,	dOBied 1.688 20 P. C. Off marked PHC8.
tics Is that none has been called Susan, how can we go home7*
“baby." From their earliest years the	can’t Take hold of my hand,	Our $1.50 Woollen Coder wear, reduced to $1.25 rt suit
royal children are always colled by turn j0ur shoulder to the crowd, and their names or possibly by some pet ** will push our way In ther* or die name, but an English prince or pria 1 in the attempt" cess is never called “baby" either by relatives or hy his or ber nurses. I Tom the age of five n prince is styled ’sir” hy his attendants and a princess mad-London Standard.
January Rod and Gun
l*i
The January issue of Rod and *
«•un in Canada it on the new*- , lau«l* and a glance at the table of j ••ontent* show* that the magazine i * living up to its reputation •* |, î he leading ex|K>iient of oiltdooi
Xmong the «ou tribu tor* noted are K«lwanl T.
Martin, H. J. Fraser, Jean 8levin- «-art,
'«ni, F. Xe. Williams and Margaret shirt*
* Mai XVhi11«	w hile some of
the articles i «
for Profit and Pleasure, Capacities The Vnwritten ïviw, Almost a Walkout. The Reatifouche, etc.,
In addition the regular de-1	. . . 1
pa it ruent* devoted to Guns and "vj” Xmmimition and Fishing Note» k'-rchtefs.
1
- h-hiter* v ill lx* inter ?•<! in t he ; account of the recent tiraiul Inter-1 urRKai national *lnx>t held at Ht. Thomas ,	,	i
ami dog lover* in the new Kennel I"***' J r„ deiiartinent. Rod and Gun is pul* At*Tia If. M. 111 •
I (abed at XV'ood*t*H*k hy XX. J. 1* handkerchiefs, I pill Taylor, Limited.	I pair pillow covers 7 pie

I

!

Then come on. Fluid on n minute.
jack
I

i
No Royalties Called Baby."

d.
s*H
< HILUKKN
Bristol H. M. (
*d > k
life in < ' mail a
»


k< I
!

W
|«air* wrist lets, Hum» I shirt*. 2 r*. i!l towel*. 2 («ftit'ka
loth*. 7<
17 hôpital per* pillow • old » l»,tli<
Heavy Shirts, Sweaters, Pants, Long Sox, Mitts, Caps, Mackinaw Coats, etc, all at reduced prices. The above prices to last until our Winter Stock is cleared. Come early.
Killed in Two Minutes.
To be killed within two minutes after getting into the trenches for the first time was the fate of Captain Leon Curry of the 42nd Canadian Battalion, whose name appeared In ( asualty lists re
received by the Minister of Militia from France stated that Captain Curry was picked off by a German shell on the night of October 20 almost at the very moment he entered the french on bis first opportunity to ? into the firing line. He was bur-1 led by his regiment the following • 1 moynns at AmenUeres, ________ . I
Gfime Farming
A knitted Imrrvl jai
X ARM H. M. t


1



"k

4 I .air* tow


••t
# That’s D fferent.
“I know her father dees uof like me. He wants me to go to work In his factory ”
“Well, why don't you prove your worth l»y going? Then there will he wedding I «ells imd n happy ending."
“I don't know About tli; II It’s a Jymunite fattory.*flHH|H||HH
A cable
are well imriiitaineti
H. M
H M. Club
X* Mir*
1 diirt*. r« mwk*.
ARCHIE DOVER



I



