###PAGE###1###
O
No. 12, 34th Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPT. 7, 1816
SI.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
Tl]e Merchants Banl\ of Canada

»
X   	! \
THE HARDWARE STORE 1 CROCKERY
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : • Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000.000 4,006.304 66,000,000
E»t*bliehed 1864
OFFICERS :
Sir H. Montagu Allan . .. K. W. Blackwell ......E. F. Hkhden
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984 Total Assets
239 Branches and Agencies In Canada.
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards draws Interest at best current rates
$7,000,000
\
Board of Directors s
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
JOHN B. FRASER
Just opened up one assorted crate of Meakin’s Best White Johnstone China and Gilt Clover Leaf Pattern. All first quality goods, consisting of Teas, Plates, Bowls, Jugs, Basins, Sauce Dishes, Platters, Covered Veg. Dishes, etc.
Vice-President
80,190,400
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
ALEXANDER MACLARKN, DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY, B. C. WHITNEY.
• #
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
D. M. FINNIB, Asst-General Manager W. DUTH1E, Chief Inapector.
Branche» at Shawville and Quyon
W. F. DRUM
STONEWARE
Manager. Shawville
Acting Manager, Quyon.
Fort Coulonge Branch - J. A. MoLATCHIE, Manager. Campbell» Bay Branch - R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A H. MULHERN, Manager.
Churns
Butter Crocks
Flower Pots
HENRY’S
“Canada’s Best”
/IGOWLINC
Nickle Jars
Kodaks, I have a nice assortment on hand at all times. Fresh films and supplies, Finishing for amateurs a spccialtry. H. Imison.
We regret to rejxirt that the farm outbuildings of Mm. M. Mc-C redie at El inside, were destroyed by fire on Monday.
Mr. Norris Hodgins, son of Mr. E T. Hodgms, 1ms been nm>ointed editor of the Canadian Horticulturist at Peterborough, Ont., and enters upon his duties as such this week.
The regular monthly meeting of the Shawville H. M. Chib, will be held on Friday, 8th inst., at 3 o'clock p. m., in the Academy. An interesting program is to be presented.
Vinegar Jars.
Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA,ONT
Correct prices, quick service, a square deal.
Our instruction being Individual you may start at any time.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
Mr. ti. A. Howard returned from 11%%^En%f3T	Ifùattü":
the >\ est on Monday.	lion. Paragraphing. Transcription, and
spoilt iiïx" oïy T» towu.t)ttnwa’ !>t®£c£°^a^tleimiLr?"le^nba^
Mr. and Mrs. I. Moore, of Dong- joined our classes las, motored to Shawville OB 8un- ^Student# arc assisted to position*. Mr Win ('otic of Stinks Cnr. dav.	More than 113 were placed during the
liera section, w«9 attacked with Dr. Alf McRae, of Wisconsin, is | me'nt^ Seml^r circular. *" thC ü°y*m' appendicitis, last week and went visiting his father Mr. Donald to the Rideau street hospital on | McRae.
Thursday, where lie was one rated
reported to be
Personal
Hus proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl logs Advocate.
W. E. Gowlino, II. G. W, Braithwait President
J. H. SHAW.
m
II
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
W. A. HODGINS
Principal
Mr. Ernest Dagg, of Athens,
Ont., spent Sunday and Monday with his parents here.
«¦Ptesassi
and other relatives
on at once. He is doing nicely.
Private Sale of Furniture
Wiite. Suite 7. Regina Court. Regina, Sask. if interested in the exchange of an eastern farm, tor a private residence in that City.
SHAWVILLE
FOR SALE—A dwelling house, situât ed on north side of Main St., Lot No. Hfl Shawville. A good summer kit hen, horse stable ana well. In connection— centrally located. Mrs. E. E. McCvaig.
Men s Wear
About 40 of the young people	rr,t
Bristol gathered at the summer I Mr* Thos \\ iLson and daughter, home of Mr. and Mrs. H. 8. Bar- 1 earl, left on Friday to visit,	_
nett, Norway Bay, on Wednesday Ht*v. W. G. A. Wilson, at Hudson,	The weekly work	meeting	oft he
evening last, for an old time corn- Que.	Shawville H. M. Club will be held
feast. All report a very pleasant Miss Edna McCagg, of Ottawa, Ht ™,e ho,1Me of Mr?« Geo. Hodgins evening.	I and cousin, Miss Edna Young, of I ?" Thursday evening of tins week.
Tho date for «.e Te»chçr'8 Con- J.nco^er, left for Ottawa on I	„HL^ heid ml
Sutherland, Inspector-General of trip to Cornwall and return last ^ken All ladies invited Protestant Schools, who is to be ^eek ^
present and take part. This means Rev. J. A. McNeill and Mr. Herb I The El inside Homemakers’ Club, a holiday for the pupils of Clnr- Fraser, of Cobden, passed through	will	meet	at	the	home of Mrs.
endon. Mr. Honeyman Ins(>ector ! Shawville on Thursday last, re-	John	Park,	on	Wednesday,	Sept,
of Schools will be present as usual. I turning home Friday evening. 13th, at 2 o’clock, p. ni. Subjects :
of VHi m, a few days ago, “then j	’	Jnmieson ; Roll vail ; Dent’s for
here s fifty cents to send to them. Miss Laura \\ oodley who has | the kitchen.
Henry claims to have had only one been spending her vacation with real good smoke in his lifetime, I lier father. Mr. R. C. Woodley, ream! it didn’t do a thing to him— turned to Montreal on Monday.	___ Hi Hi JL H
wmms1	*
more than they are receiving, and	\ . . . tl . . .	Aug. 23rd of Mr. Walter K. Brad-1 LOST—I	wo	coat sweaters,	between W,
it would hardly be safe for any	Master Lionel Bowles, who has	ley and Miss Mabel, second daugh-	A.?d	*	Prondergast’s.	R. R. No. 2.
one visiting their cramped, vermin-	the summer months with ter of Mr. and Mrs. Tho< Dale, all ; wuT&rïrf*7* t,n<Ier con,u,uni(Ate
infested quarters, to vouchsafe the !	" ***** Mrs. j o%% les, returned to	of Thorne West, A more extend
opinion that they would be better Montreal on Monday.	ed account of the happy event
without the fragrant weed. More	Mr. Alex Kilgour. Hailey bury,	W^1 appear next week,
smokes arc being called for daily. | i- yamdinga few days in tl/is sec-1	—	?	—
Births
of
at her residence on Centre Street
RAINCOAT FOUND—On Portage road between A. G. Murphy's and Shawville, on August 29th, a man's raincoat. Owner may have same by calling at A G. Murphy's, and paying for this notice.
APPLES FOR SALE—A quantity of good eating and preserving apples for sale. 73c. and $1.00 per bag. Apply to Hilliard Palmer. Yarm.
We have a splendid range of Overalls and Work Shirts for Fall
LOST—Between Clarendon Station and Portage du Fort, a lady's silver watch and chain on Sunday evening. Finder please leave at the Methodist Parsonage. Portage du Fort, and oblige Miss Jennie Haskins.

WANTED—A man to work in Shawville Motor Co’s Repair Office, and attend to books. Apply immediately.
We strongly advise our customers to anticipate their wants, as we are advised that prices have not yet reached the top.
WANTED—A girl to do general housework. No cooking—work light. Family of three only. Good wages. Apply to Mrs. A. Dover.
Married
FOR SALE — Oxforddown Sheep-Young rams and ewes. Choice lot at reasonable prices. Jas. Armstrong & Son. Green Lake. R, R. No 1.
Peabody’s,
Iron Duke Woods’,
Work Shirts, 50c., 75c,, $1.
Men’s Suspenders at old prices.
IV|edium weight Underwear,
Natural Wool, ‘Admiral’,
tiou. visiting relatives and old friends.
$1.75
PATRIOTIC FUND
At Edward St., Am prior, Ont
----	Miss Lillian Stevenson, Camp-, u . , .	. ..
Shawville Campaign Aug. 23rd. bells Hay, returned home on Mon- SJ1	******' to Mr. and Mrs
day after a two weeks’ visit to her | "tout. Stewart, a son. sister, Miss Jessie Stevenson, of $ 634.00 the Militia Staff, Ottawa.
447.60
330.00
200.00
FOR SALE—Moody two-horse tramper and separator for said, or w ill exchange for stock. Also for sale Seed Fall Wheat price $1.25 per bushel. John Wickens. R. R. No. 3, Shawville.
1.25
J
Teams :—
Argue & Hynes....
Hudgins A Hudgins Fades A Hudgins... Smiley A Harnett... Shawville Council..
At Radford, on Aug. 20th, to Mr. and Mrs. H. N. Brownlee, a son
1.25
Both well
Mrs. Boyd, and daughter Edna, mother and sister of Mrs. Hodge, who have been visiting the latter return to their home in Danville this week*
/CONCRETECULVERTS. PIPES AND
^ curbing* for well* wold at Works Contract* made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities.
H. T M< Dowell & Son. Shawville Que.
Deaths
g ,.. « ,(	Mr. NHtliiiniel Helraer, of Otta-
,	*	, Mr. Hnrry t'ar«on, who has been "ft, died somewhat suddenly at
Mr. XV llsonf the representative residing in Ottawa for some time Norway Bay on Tuesday of last of the Patriotic Hind, asked that past, visited his relatives in this week-Aug. 3>. He was 79 year* an effort be made to raise $ 2,000, section on Labor I)ay, motoring of age. and the local committee are cer- u.> from the city, tninly pleased xvith the very gen-	.	‘	^
emu» and wide-spread response. Mrs. John Pa Mister, Ottawa,
The canvassers all express thanks w ho lor the mst three weeks has for the kindly way their appeal been visiting Mrs. Jas. Telford, of was received by the people in Murrells section, returned home every home ; and while a little die- 'X ednesday.
appointed in some quarters they Mr. and Mrs. Richard Stanley,
were certainly pleased with the little daughter, May, also Mr.	Indoors or not, on your ti
real generosity of many others. Jack Pallister, all of Ottawa, w ho After an illness of long duration, home, Kodak is at your perhaps le-s able to give. In this have been guests of Mrs. Stanley's attended with much suffering, Mr. logue* connection we want to sut vially mrents >|r. nnd Mrs. Jas Telford, John M. Hodgins. passed away at I mention Mrs. l naig. Her con | Murrells, returned to the city the 7th line residence at 3.30 on
tribut ion is a refusal to become a Monday afternoon.	Mon<lay afternoon, at the age of Rcisuts from the we*t sav that
imp -
Monthly tiihscribei* will plca»»| ünKaKtH* m bank inspection work. Chamberlain, all of whom have with the u-hering in of the pre-cut remember to hand in tlicir amounts | Mr*. ( Rev.) .Seaman, and <laugh- the sviujiathy of the community month, heavy rams having fallen to the treasurer promptly on the ter, Helen, also sister, Miss May in their affliction, which in the in a good many localities on the first of each month.	Aiken, who have been visiting ca«e of the liereft son, is grievous, night of August 31st, followed by |
In a later Issue of Till: Equity f,.je„d8 in Shawville, left on Mon he having but a short time ago showery weather next day we will have a complete list of day, the first named for their kmt his only brother. The funeral country was badly in need of a bubscribere published.	home in Montreal, and the latter takes place from the Shawville go<Ml taking, and people generally
W, A. liofMilNM, for Simeoe Ont., where her brother residence Wednesday afternoon are thankful that the cioadi at Treasurer. 1 resides.	Jas The Equity U going to mail
PUBLIC NOTICE
Monday, Sept. 4th, having liven a ..	.......	,,	,	.	,	, holiday, the Clarendon Council will
Mr*. W ilham Irnig. of Chicago, h„|,| it, n.g,,iar wj„n „„ formerly a resident of Bristol, who had been in delicate health for some time, ; Missed away at Norway Bay on XV'ednesday of last week.
50c.
xt
Sept 11th, at 10.30, a. m.
W. E. N. HODGINS, s A*st. Scc.-Treu*.
$1.00


furnished upon re
H
Good stock of Men’s Felt Hats,
- - $1.50 to $2.50

Work Cloves and Mitts
25 and 50c.
W.A. HODGINS
I
[ last have released their moi.itui
###PAGE###2###
f quality, and by leaving the soil in better condition for uvvwding crops. IMHBI • Two fundamental facta ehouH bo qualities that would contribute to
kept in mind when buying fertilizers t*ht making of a good animal of the first, that each typo of soil has a type wanted. A pedigrea is a scheme characteristic supply of the three cs- for keeping track of the parents of an sential constituents of plant food, and j animal. It is a guarantee of what st-i'oritl. that , ich rmp \ ^ pedal is back of the animal, of what lias
This may contributed to its make up. It is
this fact that makes the pure bred animal valuable.—North Dakota Experiment Station.
This makes It important
enta, etc
know that all these parent* lmd
!
The
ton. “Ï cant xmderstan 1 It’ only new entry was a weedy chestnut, listed by a Yorkshircman in the after Holdfast* they call him.'*
"Hell require more hustling than holding.'* returned Paxhorn sarcasbi-eally.
Lord Stand on finished his wine.
“111 back the roan while there’s a penny to borrow,” he said with sub- ,	. n ..	,
ZfSF '‘Thürl''H ,,0U,ing I JnoïlcToil manngîment Their use j weaknesses and each crop needs parti-
Summoning Norgate, he gave instruc- too—when it pays him.”	and .contain ing. edients commemal V la to be applnd. "	. Travelers who return from the retiens that his nocturnal visitor should Leroy's face darkened slightly, i	um"'onm' Phosphoric acid curately just what a a y. s	' mote interior of vast countries where
not. be disturbed in the morning by the Vermont was his friend, and he re-	'"d potash These are the three con-, profitable to use on yo so	telegraphs	and	railways	arc	practi-
housekeeper, but should be allowed to sented a wort! spoken against him far	stituenta of plant food most reality	definite crop. mus x	rally	unknown	will	tell	you	of	the	as-
aleep on. Then he made his way to moro vhiln he would have done one exhausted in the soil. Each has a do- yourself on your own farm.	1 tounding swiftness with which news
his own room, not long before the against himself.	fin.te work to perform in plant growth per thing to do Is	travels, despite the aeemlng absence
dawn broke.	I “You misjudge him, Shelton,” he : Nitrogen or ammonia causes quick and tiliter strip in the field, after bavin* ()f fad,itieg> Heys London Answers.
He had befriended this young hu- said briefly.	I v'F,,n’us e'<-wth of stalk or stem, selected the analysis most likely to Away in the wilds of the Tibetan
sair kindly drawing one of the divans	“bird! and'w^^as^itt^ abaIh^!^“Wh^you'find^ofasciZ- helps fill the grain or fruit! while pot- growth of your crop carefully and at	civillWW
;ïï-aî	™ >»• b	sstissat-s ; “ p-*	„
fingers, for he knew the danger of too The sun h*\ risen cold and bnght j «None,” echoed Lord Standon. under average conditions. Various you observe.	I This rapid transmission of news it
sudden heat That is better bhey when Adrien Leroy awake, and his *.j erov wi|| 1)V famoU8 for one thing, «oils differ in their plant food needs, Compare the management o your ^ to human, not superhuman will soon get warm. And now we will first question was for the child, Jes- flt jea8t if it’s only for his cook ” and observation of previous crop in- J° lhv managemcn o youi or- agvncy in the work of native#
room tenantless. For some inexplic- £*ùrwert, soon deepen the intricacies	for determining what proportion of	, *<> produce fruit without spraying, but
"Let us have some supper. Nor- able reasons of her own she must	J	d	the plant food ingredients is best for	al orchard,sts agree that spraying
JKsa.'SSj» sm xtzjr.ttz	,r
days are numbered. Already I see	high m phosphoric acid should be	, because they have learned to nppre-
myself enacting the part of chief	chosen	ciate and understand the value of a-
mourner—I should sag, best man—if Each type of crop requires charac- vailable plant food.	History again
you will allow me.	tcristic proportions of plant food for confirms the statement that available
Shelton rose, laughing goodhumor- best results. A com crop, for in- plant food, along with proper soil till..	,	,	sttinces, is usually grown more for agc, is fundamental, and brings the
“Thanks, 111 remember—when it ears than for stalk. Ear com or other largest farm profits, comes to that!”	grain takes up over 60 per cent, of the
“You’re incorrigible, Stan,” said phosphoric acid required by the plant,
Leroy, as his guests were taking their hence the growing of any grain crop leave. “You'd better settle down your self first, and leave Shelton alone.”
(To be continued).
a

T'
:
The Farm
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
noon
13
Or The Sunlight of Love
plant food requirementsjj^HI	I
he stated in another way, namely, in 1 that each soil has some characteristic
Fertilizers and Soil Fertility
CHAPTER 111.—(ConVd).
Home at last,” he said with ; nd, ooening another door on
CHINA’S COURIERS
Mail is carried at Average Speed of
90 Miles Per Day.
BDl'l
the left, he led her unresistingly into
a second room.
But here the girl seemed as if struck dumb with astonishment. She was evidently overwhelmed by the magnificence and luxury on which her rested, and Leroy smiled in a-
eyt
mu ement at her unspoken admira
turn
he
Come and warm voursvlf

dreamed.
China, that spacious land where dis tance is measured by days, not miles a fiords the best example though the means of communication by rail and telegraph have greatly developtd there of late, the bulk ot ' the interior is still virgin to these inventions of the “foreign devil,” and China still maintains what has been from time immemorial the most wonderful courier service in the world.
It is now mainly controlled by the Chinese Post-Office, and the mileage of the corner lines has recently
u , . .. .	,	...	j reached the stupendous figures of 136,.
; judicious use of commercial fertilizers ; „„„ or al|OUl flve and „ half time3 the
is the key to rational, business-like,
noiselessly
For, al

cuo
awe-struck whisper

you a prince
Adrien Leroy smiled.
“By no means,” he said here comes something you require. I sums, many of them, for horses, din-know,” he a<Ved, as the door opened, ner-parties, supper-parties, jewellery, and Norgate entered, bearing a large flowers—all the hundred-an-one trifles silver tray
Having set the chairs to table and his 1 tion ns light and air. placed the wine and glasses at hand, | With a gesture of weariness, he the man announced respectfully that pushed the pile from him, and throw -supper was served. His master dis- ing them carelessly into the drawer of missed him, guessing that* the girl a buhl cabinet, left them until such would be less embrassed if alone with times as Jasper Vermont could attend him; and Norgate retired with a face to thorn, as expressionless as if the entertain ing of “street waifs” -as he mentally asked presently.
termed the young visitor—were	of “At the Marquis of Heathcotes*, sir
nightly occurrence.	|—at	eight.” replied Norgate who
Adrien placed a plate of cold chick- knew his master's engagements bet-en on a low table beside her.
“You are warm there.” he said, as he poured her out a glass of wine.
The girl looked up into his face o'clock with a mute, questioning glance;
then, taking courage from the kindly ont coughed and looked slightly cm eyes she picked up her knife
circumference of the globe road, river, and track, radiating from the capital of Pekin, or other important centres, legions of couriers are speeding, without ceasing by night and by day, to almost every corner of the 6,000,000 square miles of country which form the Chinese Empire.
The couriers are all stalwart men, especially chosen for their physique, powers of endurance, and knowledge of routes
as they go along, and arc supposed not to stop until they have handed the Ravages from cutworms never cense mail-bag to the next relay. An aver-Every year some of the commoner- age speed of ninety miles a day is known kinds devastate garden and often maintained.
By
which were ns necessary to a man in
edly
They work in relays, eat
Where do I dine to-night ?” he
The Army Cutworm
makes a heavy draft on this plant food which must be met by a generous supply of phosphoric acid. Hay . . crops are hat vsted for stalk, stem or i "e d froPs m various parts of ( unada,
and in occasional years little known
>
•>
ter vhnn dVi the young man himself. Leroy nodded absently.
“Order the new motor for four
BIRDS IN THE TRENCHES
leaf growth, and need much nitrogen.
The supply in the soil must be supple- I 8PecIes become enormously abundant,
¦hhb	a	causing losses of importance equal to They Care Little or Nothing for the
Soil conditions bhat are those effected ^ regularly occurring
IpSHHH
adoration, and her eyes filled with	bis numerous friends, the morn-	Efficient Even in Cruelty.	The manufacturers of all kinds of describes the insect in its various remimW that dawn is spproaching
epipies
friend Johann do for a living?” door was flung open, and Mortimer Curiosity Restrains Suicides. believes in efficiency, because it,en- medieg for th , r .t«r J* T trenches with a rifle, and, being neat
Again she shook her head.	Shelton,	followed	by	Lord	SUndon.	The number of suicides in the	h‘"?. ^ Produce his articles of the event of it again increasing !n ly 8hot’ went to sweI1 our daily mcnuw
“I don't know. He gets drunk." entered the room.	city of Paris has decreased from 16 merchandise at lower cost The far- injurious number* Copies of the A!I thU occure «mongst shells, trench
•An overfilled profession that,” “Well, Leroy, old man,” exclaimed to 20 a week in ordinary times to mer who applies efficient methods to bulletin may be had free of charge on mortar8’ Krenadea, rifle fire, and all wfcl Leroy, with a sigh. “And now, the former cheerily,, as they shook only about two a week since the h,s farr"mg operations and soil man- application to the Chief of the Puhli the other horrors of war. Their dis-what are we to do with you, little hands, “you look as fresh as if you war began. It has been suggested agerm>nt 18 able,UJ produce h,B CT0P8 cations Branch, Department of Atrri regnrd of a11 these BeemB abounding. Jessica ?”	had awoke with the tlawn!” that this decrease is due to curios- at ]v**‘ per bushel a^ ,n greater culture, Ottawa. This officer distH- Not on,y birds but in8ect8’ to°’ tbe
She looked up with frightened “Nothing new in that,” said Lord ity, every one being so anxious to Jiuan 1 y Per acre* No matter the butes all publications of the Denart trenches hold—butterflies and moths
3suaatf-c a
ss,r •F,CTdl	t	wæ'SS'kK
of the party, who had just entered the — - -  	legist, Department of Agriculture Ot- lhe ^ba^m'. dreary round or tour
He was the latest literary I e .- .	—— ,	•— - ! tawa.	1 on duty.”	,
lion, and a fast friend—in more senses than one—of Adrien and the mem-“No, little one, we won’t turn you j hers of his set. out to-night” he promised. “To- 1 With jest and laughter they took morrow, we will see what can be done their places at the table, to make your road softer in future.” “Well, how’s the steeplechase go-She did not understand half his ing?” askefl Leroy, turning to Shel-wonîs; hut as with an almost woman- ton. “What do you think of my ly tenderness he placed a silken eus- King Cole? Does he stand a chance?” hion beneath her head, she nestled “A chance!” echoed all three, down, smiling into his eyes with the “The odds are four to one on him. gratitude of a child that neither ques- and few takers,” announced Shelton, tions nor doubts. To her he appear- Lord Standon set down his glass ed like a being from another world— “Ah, that was yesterday,” he said.
• world of which she had scarcely “I warn there later, and the odU were dared to dream, and her eyes were being lifted. You can lay what you
like on him, my dear fellow, and you Adrien Leroy stood for a little will have no difficulty in finding tak-while watching her, till her gentle era.’ breathing showed him she had fallen “Oh! asleep.
HEAR BOOMING OF GUNS
Sussex Children Can Even Distin- mented if the productivity is to be
I want to see how it goes.” “Yes, sir," The confidential scrv
Noise of W ar
guish Calibre of Cannon
and barra seed
hands
the ground, singing outside the door. My first swallow of the year was seer.
Standon, laughing
« Hshe c ried breathlessly, “are Leroy.” you going to turn me out into the cold again? Must I go? Oh, I knew it was too good to last!”
In her terror she had started up; room but Leroy put her back gently into the chair.
eyes

i
Æ
Pedigree and Guarantee
NAPOLEON HAD SLOW PULSE.


,1
An animal ia like a machine make a good machine
To

Too Much Haste Injurious to
Heart,
.	_ .	.	requires that
each part be of good material and just the right weight and strength. The good animal must have its parts developed in the right proportion to make the type desired. The adaptability of a machine and the proportioning of it» parts can be largely determined by looking at it However, the make of the machine is the

m


> z
y
t

m
Care of the hea Have a care.
Don't walk too fast And don't work too hard.
You can make testa yourself.
Say your pulse is 68 after a slow
n

/


— A
K
¦7/'-
walk
¦

: rS S:--: :
mies
ï
m

eloquent
1
»
commented Adrien, almost “Something better in the
¦¦¦
“A beautiful child,” he said under field, Ï suppose ? I thought the roan
“She will be a still mon* was not to be touched.**
And I also," said Mortimer Shel-
grumb le. This soup is reelly excellent” “They wouldn’t grumble, sir, if the cook would admit it to be soup. He
his breat
beautiful woman.” He sighed. “Poor

###PAGE###3###

gun, be the man behind the man behind the gun.”
ABSORPTION OF HOLLAND
SAVE THE WESTERN CROP.
Time for Peaches and
Cream! To get full palate-I joy with maximum of nutriment for the day’s work eat them on shredded wheat biscuit—a complete, perfect meal, easy to prepare, appetizing and satisfying. In Shredded Wheat all the body-building material in the whole wheat grain is retained, including the bran coat, which is so useful in promoting bowel exercise.
weati*

REPAIRS
No Lack of Men to Gather In Canada's Greatest Asset.
Promptly Mad# to
Storage Batteries Generators Magnetos Starters.
Statistics from the Government authorities show that the wheat crop this year promises to be greater than ever but the problem that is troubling the minds of the farmers in Western Canada is how can the crop be harvested? That is the prédominent problem of to-day in Canada apart from recruiting for overseas. The railways are providing special excursions to carry the men to their destinations but the effort will almost bo fruitless if the labor does not
The German Wolf and the Dutch Red
Riding Hood.


*51

&
How comes it that the best cartoons drawn against the Germans are the work of a “neutral”—Louis Rae-maekers, the Netherlander? Perhaps geography enters into the answer of this question. Holland borders both on Germany and Belgium.
Hollanders and Belgians have sometimes disliked one another, yet they are, after all, alike in a good many respects, and Holland has ministered to many suffering Belgians, and there is no way of transmitting distrust into sympathy like doing one's onetime enemy a considerable service.
Obviously, what Germany did to Belgium she might still do to Holland even though the likelihood of that catastrophe diminishes as German
strength is gradually diffused.	The	prCak Fashion Seen in London
“The deliveries of munitions	from	possibility of a clash between Hoi-	Q- of lh„ ,ate8t and moel of
Ontario are running far behind the land and Germany, says the New, the freak fashions that have appoimi	.
quantities promised, and we are fieri- York Tribune, seemed greater in the	on Ixmdon's society promenades Is	has sent some hundred thousand men
ously apprehensive if the existing	con-1 spring of 1916, and especially in	the	this "cap nml hells- hot which mug-	Made	ill	Canada	to	the war	there	are	still	hundreds	of
ditions cannot be bettered.”	second month of the great Verdun	af^blr,, ”owLcfftehcfl1,	thousands more left who have not en
Such is the statement of the	Im-	attack, than at any earlier stage	of	Streamer of graduated plush balls.	On	the	Safe	Side.	|l.8tc<1	aJl(1	wh.°	are.	?ot	a^tlnK.	in
penal Munitions Board to the Pro- the war, aand the Netherlander _	________ _____________________ the making of munitions. These have
vincial Organization of Resources (mobilized from the outset) suddenly ::	~ "	" Mother—If I give you a dim-, ( har now an excellent opportunity of do-
Committee which has been conducting adopted extra precautions on the	autitoxin for it, but so far, has not he, will you keep it to put in the plate	jng a little bit at home to help the
a preliminary investigation into labor coast, and, more1 especially, on the been successful.	| Sunday or spend it selfishly on your- war abroad. Canada's crop is of vital
conditions in munitions plants in Tor- Schleswig-Holstein frontier.	He found that the virus makes its self?	necessity to Great Britain and her Al-
onto, Hamilton and other Ontario German manufacturers would na- way through the meucos membrnnee Charlie—I will let you know, mam- ( lies so that everyone who helps in cities.	turally profit enormously by an ar-	of the nose to the brain following the	ma, after you have given it to me.	gathering in	the	harvest will in	some
This shortage in production has	rangement bringing within their tar-	olfactory nerve which is descends to	—;  measure	he	assisting in carrying
been largely due to the fact that there iff walls so large a section of agri-	the spinal column, setting up an in-] Nearly everything that Canada	on the war to a successful issue,
has been a very inadequate supply of cultural Europe. The Dutch are per-	flnmmation in the “anterior horns” of makes, mines or grows is exhibited	The effort will not only be a hvalth
labor sufficiently skilled to make de- SUaded that if Germany ever swal-	the spinal cord which is the specific j each year at the Canadian National	giver but give excellent remuneration,
liveries effective. This has hamper- i0Ws them she will find the dish de- cause of the disease.	1 Exhibition.	j You who arc not helping your coun-
ed factories turning out steel forgings cidcdly indigestible. Moreover, the	It is not fatal in the majority of   try directly are invited to take the
and component parts, which, in turn,	independence of Holland during the	cases, but except where the patients	Suspicious.	trip West for a couple of months and	or spare time ;	good pay ;	work scut
have adversely affected operations at	present war has been an advantage	receive the best skilful treatment, it	j,aurar	(aH her lover	is	about	to	not only earn three dollars a day and	any distance,	charges paid ; send
the machining and assembling plants,	to Germany in at least two ways,	produces most cruel deformities in-	start> on a tour aroUnd	the	world)—	board hut also feel that you are help-	*jamP for particulars.	National
But these, also, have been unable to	Supplies have been brought into the	eluding extreme curvature of the	My (](,ar	Kobert. promise	that	you	inK the Powers to end the war sue-	Man mac luring	cm pan y.;,ival.
make deliveries as scheduled, even partially blockaded empire through spine, and twisted and useless limbs. will’write to me from every town you cessfuïïy for our side. Any railway	hbwbpafebs icR SALE
when they are fully supplied with Holland as well as through neutral	It starts with a peculiar drowsi- vjg-t	agent will furnish you with all the in- --------- —	*	—	—	-¦	I
forgings and component parts, large- Denmark; Rumania and via Scan-, ness and dulness	quite unnatural in Robert—Laura,	is it love that formation to enable you	to go	to	J* “Y#™ 1 ur *ule* inr JN'h „if,rl2
ly owing to the shortage of labor.	dinavia. Mr. W. C. Bullin argués	children. This first stage lasts us-	pri)mnts you to say t]iat or are you	western	Canada	and	do your	little towns. The most us.fui »r. J h.tere tin*
The Provincial Committee, there-	that Holland has also been worth	; ually three days, and is accompanied	merely collecting postage stamps?	“bir hJ	helping	the	farmers to	bar- SfppH,icaUoin^B\V!i.Jmi'VJ»_
army corps to Germany, giving by high fever.	_______ vest the great crop on	which	so	pany. 73 West Adelaide street. Toronto.
as she does a perfect protection to	It sometimes passes off doing no jjjjnar(j-g Liniment Cures Dandruff.	niuch depends.
1.	To call the attention of all those Germany's right flank. Neutral na- harm but often it increases and runs	------ ----------------------------------,>------
engaged in the munitions and allied Hons have their uses, even from the into a mildly stuporous condition,	His Patient.	Minaret ¦ Liniment Cures Burns. Etc.
industries to the importance of their Teuton standpoint.	with final onset of the acute stage, The young doctor and h;s friend, : , nHn k n ,111.\ni <	, ,rlnx
service and the great responsibility j Germany has invented a curious which is followed in a day or so by thp drug c]erk were sitting at the resting upon them as individuals to fusion of sentimental, racial, • geo- paralysis.	club window when a richly dressed
co-operate and do all	in their pow-	graphic and economic arguments By this time the	child may he	woman	pa8?ed.
er to secure a steady	and increased	for establishment of a European	found lying on its back, with the head	«.sphere	goes	the only woman I eved
supply of munitions for our forces at	hegemony of non-Germanic national-	usually to one side—the eyes entirely	jOVOfl,” the young M. D. sighed
the front.	ities. This clap-trap has excited,	closed, and having on its face a tired	,.So? , vhe other asked. “Then why
2.	To urge upon all those who are	but has not imposed upon, European	wilted expression. From this condi-	dorVt you marry her
ineligible for overseas service and j	intelligence. Already Holland has	tion the child can be aroused sud-	*.Can*t aflfor<j jt;» the doctor repli-
who are anxious to voluntarily do	paid part 0f the price of proximity	denly, by a gentle touch of an extre-	e<j. u^e's my best patient.”¦
their best in this great struggle, (es-	to Germany. During the first year	mity. If the leg be lifted only a
pecially those now engaged in non-	0f the war she spent $10,000,000	little, the child will show an expres-
prodih live work or in the proruction for “extraordinary requirements.” At sion of annoyance, rather than dis- 1	^Crannlflleii Fyftltifg, produced on society in < airo, when
of commodities which are luxuries the present time more than 350,000 tress, and if the leg be the paralyzed	inflamed by expo- he went there to take up his position
more or less,) to consider employment	Dutchmen are under arms, and the	one, the child often	tries to free it	sure to Sun, Oust and Wlqi	as	British	Agent	and	Consul	General,
on munitions as their	next best ser-	national debt has been raised nearly	from the examiner's	hands by twist-	qoicklyrclieved by Murine	Cosmopolitan	places	like	th<_*	capital
vice to going overseas;	“ one-half by reason of military and ing the shoulders. This procedure,	^®l »t kVe Comf ^ 'At of Egypt’ *hich are ^^gely the
To urge Women's Emergency	naval expenditure, loss of trade, Bel-	we are told	by the Drs. is surprising-	Your Drugrist’s $0c per B. tile Marinef>t	haunts of pleasure, are often given
Corps to register women for munition	gian re]jef and the destruction of	ly common,	and is often accompanied	ge|VeinTubee2$c.ForBocko!iheryefrerir,k	over to a frivolity which is not seen
work or for work which will release	shipping. Since the opening of hos-	by a bored	look and a sortof whine,	Druggists or Nui loe Eye Remedy Ce., Càlcago	in cities of commerce and business.
men for the munitions industry.	tilities on Germany’s part between	and when left alone the patient at	______ There is frequently a relaxing of
There is no need to emphasize the two an(j three hundred vessels be- once lapses into the drowsy state.	morals beyond what is witnessed
importance of the highest possible longing to Holland and the Scandin- Paralysis comes on unheraled; in	‘ om<* 1 ,nn<,r.	elsewhere, and a general air of unproduction of munitions. The lives avian neutrals have been sunk by the the morning a child can move its arms “Was it much of a dinner ?”	discipline, and it goes without say-
of our boys and the success of their Germans in the North Sea.	freely—a few hours later it is found I should say it was. There were ing that in such places Sunday and
endeavors depends upon it. State-	*	lying quietly, as before, but when it seven different kinds of forks at each Sunday worship are at a discount
ments from the highest authorities in	rDriT n	rolls over one arm falls back limp. i plabe.”	| “It would be foolish to assert that
Great Britain and from the front bear HAH 1 h UK K A 1 UAiNULK	No one can tell just when the para-
no small tribute to the part that mun- DURING HOT WEATHER lysis is going to strike—sometimes it Minardi Liniment for sale everywhere. But the coming of Lord Kitchener in-
ition workers are playing in bringing	---- seems to prefer an arm, but often it	stantaneously wrought a change. He
the war to a successful conclusion.	More little ones die during the hot strikes in one or both of the lower Railway Mileage Increasing. was known to l e a man of unswerv-
The Officer Commanding a brigade 1 weather than at any other time of	limbs, or even in the	face, if the in-	The	increase	of	railway	mileage	in	ing devotion to duty, of	disciplined
of Canadian artillery, who returned the year. Diarrhoea, dysentery, chol-	jury be in the brain.	The eye muscle	Canada	for	the	year	ending	June	30,	life, of resolute purpose.	Instinctive-
from the front last week, said : “The	era infantum	and stomach	troubles	is sometimes attacked, depending	1915, was 4,787 miles, bringing the	ly we all braced ourselves up, and it
Germans will never break through	come without	warning,	and	when a	upon which part of	the brain is in-	total railway mileage of the Domin-	was as though a tonic had been ad-
Before, they, had munitions, medicine is not at hand to give jured.	ion up to 35,682 miles. The increase ministered to the place. So far as
guns, equipment—everything	but the	promptly the short delay too	fre- A sore throat may indicate this	during the last twelve years has	his work permitted, Lord Kitchener
“nerve”. All we had was	“nerve”,	quently means that the child	has	dreaded diseases, though mistaken	as	been 87 per cent. In addition to the	was regular and punctual	in his
But now we have good guns and	passed beyond	all aid.	Baby’s Own	the result of a cold.	.	1	lines completed there were, on June	church attendance, and this at once
plenty of good ammunition. Whereas	Tablets should	always	be	kept in When death occurs	in these cases, it	30, 1915, 1,161 miles of railway con-	told beneficially upon the Sunday
formerly we were limited to	10 to 16	homes where there are young	chil-	is generally caused by the failure	of	traded for and 432 miles completed,	habits of the community,
rounds a gun a day, now we	use 600	dren. An occasional dose of	the	the muscles that control the act	of	but not yet classified as under opera- ‘Tie was president of All	Saints’
to 1,000 a gun, and one week lately we Tablets will prevent stomach and breathing. These muscles are the tion.	Church committee, and I never rekept going a%| week night and day. bowel troubles, or if the trouble	diaphragm and the	intercostal ar-	 ------------------member his omitting to	take the
It's all important that the supply of comes suddenly the prompt use of	tached to the ribs. If	only one set is	chair, even when hard pressed by
munitions be kept up and increased." the Tablets will cure the baby. The	paralyzed the child may live, but if	State business.
Efforts to use women in munition Tablets are sold by medicine dealers both are involved breathing ceases and	gt Isidore P.Q., Aug. 18, 1894. "Earl Kitchener was indeed a type
plants are meeting with good success. 0r by mail at 25 cents a box from death occurs. The average mortality iwSard's Liniment Co Limited*.	°* tbat 8*mI,le». man|y» straightfor-
In a number of places women have re- The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.,1 of this disease varies from 10 to 20 Gentlemen I have frequently used ward Christianity which we associate
gistered, and are waiting to be called Brockville, Ont	per cent	MINARD'S LINIMENT and also w,th the h<st English laity, which
to work as soon as necessary arrange- (	--------f-------- So little is known of the disease, nrepcribe it for my patients always does not tro.uble ,tse]f indeed about
sir,.;i'.n.want,lepa»al,8,s.	5,-rïï'aystcL-srrr
attarjfAJsr sss »«- » scrz&.i’Sïrs - —•	Isa?* ” p”rt,“
ment before.	other Eastern Cities, and its liability un,nJurea*

H Foohwcar for Summer
%

CANADIAN BTORAOE
f
Wn.
I1**
LIMITED
<v-
117 Slircoe St., Toronto
Willard Agents.

y<

A
m v.
WORN «Y ALL MEMBERS
Of TME FAMILY
Exclusive of live stock ami
o it-
hibit
come forward for the work in view.
There is no disguising the serious- door exhibits there is an e ness of the* situation this year so space at the ( ana Man National Ex-many men having gone to the front hibition of over 500,000 square feet, or are on their way. Despite this fact, however, there should be no lack of men to gather in Canada’s greatest asset if the country is to still continue the good work of the past two years in helping the Mother Country in the greatest war the world has ever known. While Canada
II

t
SOLD BY ALL GOOD SHOE DEALERS
Ontario Voiemarj Ml®
•:


3%
MORE MUNITIONS WORKEERS
Under the Control of the Depart ment of Agriculture of Ontario
EBTALLM7,£1) 1868
Affiliated with the Univer sity of Toronto.
College will re-open on Monday the 2nd of October, 1U1G.
110 Univcrnlty Ave., Tarcnto, Can
CALENDAR OX? APPEIvATi jN
¦v

>
11K finings, n, Ml PiRcjji

SEED POTATOES
led potatoes. i.ush con.
biers, Delaware. Carman. Order tit nn-.1**. Supply llnitfn-1 Write lor <juo-tâtions. H. W. Dawson. Brampton.
S
HELP WANTED
L
A hi ES WANTED TO DO PLAIN and light sewing at home, whole
n on
rn
m-
fore, in bringing these facts to the four attention of the public, desires:
MISCELLANEOUS
1 ANCKK. iUMuHS, LUMPS. K TO. Internal and external	1 »'Ub-
Write
C
rut pain by our home treat ment lf before too late. Dr. J liman Medical Co. Limited. Collin g wood. Ont
His Conduct at Cairo Proved a Real r
Tonic to That City.
Rev. J. H. Molesworth, late incumbent of All Saints’, Cairo, writes as follows on Lord Kitchener’s religion:
“No one could be long in his company without realizing that he was a man who viewed life seriously. I may illustrate this from the effect he
M.V9A
BOOK OS
£0 s DOC DISEASES
/ \ ^	/ i How to Feed
'	Ma
J f
j adirer by
9“
the Author
dirks’: Pbncw r fierettes
H. a*:Y CLOVER CO.. Inc.
116 West ? Î st Street, New Y ork
I
The Soul of a Piano I» tho Action. Insist on tho
OTTO HIGEL”
« I
Piano Action
3
A Gold Mine On Your Farm
You can double your profit* by «luring up good green feed in a
BISSHLL SILO
Saimuer Peed all Winter Loaf’
Scientifically built to keep ullage freeh. sweet and good to the la«t. Built of «elected timber treated with wood pieaervatl ves that prevent decay.
The H1S8KLL tilLO lias «iron*. rigid walla, air-tight doors, hoopH of heavy eteel. Hold by dealer* or addren* ua direct, flet free folder. Write T. E. » la a ell Co., Ltd. Dept. U
Blora, Ontario.
Cairo was free from these vices

m a
ill


row
Mr. Dairyman
See our Exhibit of
KING
Cream Separators
at
WESTERN FAIR
LONDON, ONT.
Sept. 8th to 16th
KinS Separator Works
of Canada
SHARED UP TALKING SHOES
Wages in munitions plants should j to spread, for it is very cantagious, .g%JwT form therapy%	'	Unlike Ua, the South Sea Islanders
be such as to attract a large number brings us face to face with one of the which para,y8ig can be prevented, as	~ , 7T~™7	Like a S<*ueaky Shoe
of workers. Four to seven, and even most mysterious plagues of child- the inflammatory process may be	The 1 er,od of AdjustmenL	Like the native Africans, the South
ten dollars a day is not uncommon, hood the world has ever seen.	hastened. Hence, about the only “Why do they say that the first Sea Islanders are very proud if they
Science seems powerless before it,	w .g ^ prevent	the Bpread of the	year of married life is almost the	most	can get hold of a pair of European
and so far, has found no certain re-	digease other persons, and by giv-	' difficult ? "	shoes. Th«y are especially gratified
< lonely allied with this ter-	. guch ^medies	as are known to	“Because	that’s	the	time	she	has	jf they acquire a pair that squeak, or,
rible plague, is the ever-present pest	procure relief, and	that often restore	to get used	to the	fact	that	he	isn’t	| as the Africans call them, “shoes that
of the common fly, chiefly concerned mugcUiar power in other afflictions, making all the money in the world and talk.’’
in spreading the contagion.	preventing deformities.	he has to adjust himself bo the dis- , A story is told of a South Sea	i i r i .
Dr. Simon Flexner, of the Rockefel- The genra| treatment is similar to covery that his little angel has a tern- Islanders, who came into church with WQCClUCK fcOKlllCe I DÛ 1er Institute, in his advice about pro- that of other infections, such as scar- per and uses it at times."	shoes merrily a squeak. He walked „ n 10 ^	...	.	. ,
tecting children from this dreadful |et fever and the like	---- proudly to the front of the room, H.:	IS X 42. WIID QOUulC
SûTiiSS	—TJT-	St JTÏS. tt^rsere main driving belt 24 Ins
S2S & r-,«1 %.i ,	£££._________ ZÜX&ÏS& ar* "i Wide, and byname 30Lwi
ssessss =%=%# rrc
aasa *CÆ JÂISSSsr" - SL	5 as#!#a^ sold togetkr or separate-
blow, about in the dust, and is after	,	,	..	ably.	fri ill tfl L B	! 3IS0 3 lût 01
sneezing, beside, being carried by stop kicking him and his friends be- every other diner In the room the	id IHBhlfeBfl	« 3 \CPf fTCftl DâfgglD 2S
flies. Hence the necessity of protect- ffln-	manager approached them.	MrCfHsfcF* V	rtuxm Ic r4Antem/l Imm v 41
ing foods of all kinds from exposure,	¦ p,ga™3ara=^—“Pardon me, madam,'* he said to	.7-r^ Hi s vQUlfCU HIHUlUI'"
and keeping every thing perfectly	| 1 ^ IQ Agi CHAN the lady, who was obviously the senior MKLiîg, .> W pSEtif
dean with which children come in con- HirlTl1*2NWs,A	partner in the combine. I must heg MSMlilrtJllHMMBl ulCIj,
HO STlCflUNJdS r,f you to be more restrain-	| JÇPWMIHBM	_ f
o.cAiit“liM£	Î. Frank Wilson * Sons
HAMILTON	“RubbishI" snapped the lady tartly,	"ÎSrjF	i lfi.iidc Street West,
. . . . . . .“You advertise this as a family hotel,	vitA THE 1"^	Toronto.
Bridgeburg,
Ont
for men employed on the piece-work “If you can’t be the man behind the medy
Machinery For Sale
CETTHIS CATALOGUE
SAVE NONET
The Best Ever
ft
issued: Guns, Rifles, Ammunition, Fishing, Tackle, Baseball, Goli, Tennis, Lacrosse. Camping Outfits, all Summer and Winter Sports. We want
Every Man
who Hunts, Fishes, or plays any Outdoor Game to get our large t A t free Catalogue. Prices -4 \ right, aatisfaction 1	1	guaranteed. Immense
A Stock, prompt shipment
III ™££.”^.r,ee

fS DODDS 1
^KIDNEY PIUS|
w
!
/

BRIGGS
FLY MATS

tact.
j i
Dr. Flcxner first demonstrated the existence of this virus by Inflecting monkeys with partions of the spinal cord of children who had died from the disease, and he is preparing an

hi/»
HPICI
23 THE y
A
54
ED. 7.
ISSUE M—"IS.
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE FAIR
“ FOUR-NINETY ”
CHEVROLET
)
Sept. 18, 19, 20 - 1916.
SPECIAL PRIZES
SHAWVILLE, SEP. 7, 1916.
% • • •
esse
\part from the rv|>orted successes of
in the field, t he most
I till' week is that von
iirli from Washing
hat tlu’ threat-ail been avert is action i't the le introduction
\ Hied
HOUSES—{Teams).
Be>t pair 1 leaxx 1 halt Hordes, in harness T.oo lli st pair Agricultural Horses, in harness,
Best pair Uvnvral Purpose Horses.
Best pair Carriage Horses, in harness, t Best pair Bnailsters, judged tor speed,
HOUSES (Sin«.ilk).
*3,00 Best Single Carriage Horse or Man*, to l»e judgetl for style,
uiulness and conformation, #3.
Best Single Uoadster, judged for speed, soundness and formation, #3.
Fastest Uoadster, everything govs, hohl>lv> barred, S3.
HOUSES—(M i sc ell xxkovs).
*10.00 Best Foal of season, from Rfiyal Bat on. Foal to lx* avcotn
panied by dam. #4,	3,
’>.00 Hitch and Drive Contest,— Harness single horse to a fourwheeled rig, drive once around the ring and unhitch ; lead horse around the rig, hitch up again and circle the ring once more. $3, 2.
11.	5.00 Ilitch ami Drive Contest Ladies only ; same as above.
5.00 For the U*st Exhibition of Driving by a lady, living in the county. Contest with single horse, hitched to n fourwheeled rig. Lady to he accompanied by a gentleman. #3, 2.
10.00	Single horse, hitched to a four-wheeled rig. To he judged
for most ridiculous outfit ; also speed and uusoundness of horse to count. #5, 3,	2.
C A T T L K .
14.	#1.50	Best	Heifer,	1	year old, judged for lvef,
1.50	Best	Heifer,	1	year old, judged for milk,
1.50	Best	Heifer,	2	years old, judged for lieef,
1.50	Best	Heifer,	2	years old. judged for milk,
2.50	Best Cow, kef strain, grade or registered,
2.50	Best Cow, dairy strain, grade or registered,
4.00	Best herd of Shorthorn Cattle,
4.00	Best herd of Ayrshire Cattle,
22.	4.00 Best herd of Holstein Cattle,
3.00	Best herd of Grade Cattle,
SHEEP AND SWINE.
21.	#1.50 Best pair Registered Yearling Fwes, 1 shear
compete for other Special or Society Prize.
1.50	Best pair Registered Brood Sows, one year. eomjH'te for other Special or Six'iety Prize
1.50 Best pair Ewes, one shear, of their class,
1.50
1.50 Best medium shearling Ewe,
P O V L T R Y .
#1.00 Best pair Wyandotte Chicks, not competing for other Special. #1.
2.00	Best pen of Barred Bock Chicks, I cockerel and f> pullets. Exhibit to lx* distinct* from all others. #2.
HALL EXHIBITS.
Ill IV*
\\ X
I
e 4, #3
uv>|
I
3
4»
M
tatnij 1 xx. i x "t rikc xjH'ilit muent in 1 an l ight hour laxx
tax
t
. .00
7.00
7.0
4,	3
4,	3
l
i a
h tin
4,
3

<kKU

a*
11
i
'"‘lllg «

I
SO
War News Summary
m
LOO
1:
eon


tack of British ami l'ivuih tnm> resulted in tlu* capture of the important town of Guillcmunt, on the Somme front oil Sunday. Substantial gain> xx ere also made at Glory-stir Somme.
The most formidable air attack ever made on England was undertaken on Saturday night, thirteen Zeppelins taking part in the raid. One of these was M‘t on tire and brought down. Others were driven ofl. One man and one woman were killed ; eleven persons were injured.
An Entente Allied fleet of 23 warships and seven transports is reported to have m ixed off Piraeus, the port of Athens.
The Greek garrisons at Salonika, at Yodena, northwest of Salonika, and at Port Little Karaburua, have surrendered to a committee, which has taken over the administration of part of Greek Macedonia, according to unofficial despatches from Salonika. The revolt in Nihmika C confirmed by the British | Foreign Otlive. Greeks friendly to the Entente Allies, surrounded the barrack* of the Greek infantry in Salonika and ire said to have exchanged shots with them. General Sarrail, the Allied commander, intervened to prevent further bloodshed.	I
Russian troops have Itegun another
ulvanee and Vetrograd rvjH.rts fighting i near Yladimar Volynski, in Yolliynia, and in the region of Haliez. in Galicia. The Russians have also seized a series | of heights in the Carpathians, and are making progress along the Rumanian border of Bukuwina. The capture of about 16,000 prisoners is claimed by lYtrograd.	I
X conibin
%
3.00
J3
t»
PRICE $675.00 F. 0. B., OSHAWA, ONT.
i
—i
10
Over 500 Chevnolets delivered in the Province of Quebec this season, and one giving* g-ood satisfaction.
U ü have reports of as high as 32 miles to the gallon of gasoline, on ears delivered in Pontiac.
It is an admitted fact that the valve-in-head inotot does give 13 p. c. of gasoline motor, which means 15 p. c. more miles per gallon of gasoline.
W ill* the price of gasoline at what it is, the proven economy of the Chevrolet valve-in-heacl car should make it the preference.
every
>

12
power than any other type
more
13
THE MacLEAN MACHINE WORKS, AGENTS,
CAMPBELLS BAY
QUEBEC.
#1,	#0.30
15.
1,
.50
10.
1,
50
17.
1»
.50
When yoru want the host value for your
. money In ..
18.
1.50,	1.00
1.50,	1.00
2.50,	1.50
2.50,	1.50
2.50,	1.50
2.00, 1.00
10.
TAILORING
20
SHINGLES
21.
at $1.65 per M. and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing Mouldings Doors etc.,try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 455
23
Entries may #1.50 Entries may #1.50 #1.50 #1.50 *1, .50
a#
Now is a good time to have
your Fall Suit made up
We have in stock good tcriai in late patterns for you to choose from.
ri

IZ
25.

r
% ] t
Aril prior. Ont.
2t>
t
1 *«‘>t pair Hogs of season, of their class,
27.
ma-

2 S
CANADIAN PACI FIC
RAILWAY CO. ROUND TRIP
EXCURSION FARES
i

211
J


m
^ f -r f . v
I
3*1
German torw> in German Hast Africa
Lieut.-Gen. Smuts,
S
are in full retreat the British commander there, so reports Mrogoro, the seat of the German Government, lta< been occupied by the Brit
6
Spring and Fall Overcoats just arrived in black and dark gray colors.

Exhibitor taking largest tiumlier of Prizes in Class 17. #2.00
2.00 2.00 1.00 1.00
or over, not competing for other
31
#2.00
2.00 Exhibitor taking largest number of Prises in Class i<>
2.00	For the Exhibit of highest merit in Glass 41.
1.00	For the Best Display of 4 to f> articles in Class 42.
For the Best Display of 4 to 6 articles in Class 43.
Best Colored Cheese, 70 lbs
prize. #3,	#2.
5.00	Best 30-lb. tub Dairy Butter, not competing for other prize.
#3,	2.
3.00	Rest 10-lb. crock Dairy Butter, not c-omiieting for other prize.
#2, 1.
Best bushel Scotch Wheat, for milling and seed Half bbl. Gold Medal Flour, Shaw ville Mill.
Best Exhibit of Baking, to include 1 dozen buns and 1 4-lb hwf, not competing for other prize. Half bbl. Gold Medal Flour, Shaw ville Mill.
Best Collection of Photographs, taken and finished by exhibitor. #2,	1.
Central Canana Exhibition,
Ottawa, Ont.
September fith to 16th, 1016.
Special Excursions Fares, good going all trains Sept. 13th and morning tiain 14th. Return limit Sept. 15th. Fare from Simwville *1.25.
< hie-way first class fare and one-third going Sept. 8th to 15th in- ( elusive. Return limit five days from date of sale, but not to exceed Monday, Sept. 18th.
For particulars tickets, etc. apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER.
Agent Shaw ville.
:V-\
i'h

COMVRI^>n*L>
33
31.
Minutes Clarendon Schools
1.00
5.00
35.
30.
Board ot School Commissioners of Clarendon met August 20th. 1010.
Present : Chairman Draper ; Commissioners Tracy, Wallace and Laugh-
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
37.
3S
rvn
Minutes of last meeting read.
Motion Com rs Wallace and Tracy That the minutes he adopted ; but that
July 10th be rescinded. and the promised school be built at the picketed site. Carried.
Motion Com is Tracy and Laughren — That Miss Louisa Smith of Aylmer V* accepted as teacher of School No. 11. it a salary or #400, for term from 15th August, 1010. to 30th June, 1917, in clusi ve.—Carried.
Motion Coin’rs Tracy and Wallace That we build the school No. 12-1» at the present picketed site, and accept the
1 ^*st tender. Camed.	I Mr. P. Stickler conducted the service I to take up their positions as teacher*
Motl°n L om rs Wallace and Tracy in the Presbyterian church here Sunday ! and times in consequence are proving That the tender ot Ü. J. Burgess for evening.	rather quiet. Why not get busy “auld
huiiding of SclifK»l No. 12 B at #59.5.00 Charles and Fred Headrick, or (’lay maids " and try to till up wide vucan-
icccj >tod. ( an ted.	I Bank, Out., paid a Hying xi>it to their cies t	,	n.	,
The Fk-an	decide,! that the new	uncle, ( it-orgv A. Moore.	Capt. Fisher, of the 207th Battalion,	llrM?vln* ^	Monday,
1 diouM	require a rough sheeting	Mrs. D.	Stewart, Misses M.	Thoms	made a recruiting tour through this	” ednesdny, nnd Hiday,	Dancing
in^i Je on >tlidding under Y-joint, not	and Nellie	Brown were	guests	of	Mrs.	district lately. Say, toys, why not don	after until 11.30 p. m. with special
in»*!.ti"ued in	plan. Motion—Ci»ui*s	George A.	Moore Friday	evening.	the khaki, and make those long evening	programme of Quadrilles.	Admis-
LauJircu- That the ortcr of Mr. Il J. Mrs. Peter Ferguson, of Hailey bury, marches count for something more than Lion, dance 15c.	Pictures 19c.
.«Ar T.	Y'^-W L ,,,, „,,k.	Th"w‘r a?
Motion—Coin rs 1 racy and Wallace Mrs. Alexander, of Onslow, visited Battalion, Camp Borden, s|3ent a few |S*tutda). New dance? 10e. to-jc.
1 hat the tender ot H. A. Harris at her sister. Miss Janet Cameron, on Sun days with his parents lately #	(K) :	painting No. 11 inside and | day.	pte*.
tside, two coats, l>e accepted, and that W. B. ( » rant lie ap| wanted to inspect the job and report to this tmard.—Carried
39
pur; aises.
4f>
the amendment
f
o
SHAWVILLE SASH AHD DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
41
3.00
MISCKLLANEOCS
SCOBIE
*2.50 Best 3 dozen “ Special Eggs " 2.50 Best 3 dozen “ Extra Hugs
42
#1.50,	1.00
1.50, l .00
Eggs to lie judged according to the 14 Standard of Canadian 14 FggV
13.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing1.
NORXVAY BAY.
Programme

If HI
B
11
Special arrangements can be made on Tuesday and Thursday evening only, for special parties and supper on short notice.
R. Lett and F. Ostrom, also of ¦ Mr. James MaeLean has purchased a the 159th, spent a month with parents • I new Chevrolet car.	recently.	Re—Ally.
J Mr. John Mac Lean is recovering from Motion—Com rs Laughren and Tracy 1 an injury caused a kick from a horse.
— 1 hat the following lie aceepted as |	Ml rr and J kkf.
«mi . takers of our schools : No. 1, Mrs.
Htt ; No. 2, Miss Florence Morrison;
No. 3. Mrs. J. A. Dean ; No. 4, Mrs. T.
B Dra;»er : No. s. Mrs. Chapman ; No.
Al.-v H<~ljns" : Xo.'KV Burton"'; I	-"‘•—Mr». Archie Johnuton with Incredible swiftness. I am
No. H Mis» Ella Palmer : No. 13 Miss children spent a few days the guests not able to say whether the sound I glutn . No. I 4, the t. „ her. I"1 bvr l,rotber« 11 Brown.
I a tried.
Shawville Fair
SEPT. 18, 19, 20, 1916.
OH
---- ? ——	Special Sacred Concert on Sunday even
Music of the Spheres.	ing*—non denominational—voluntary as
The rising and the setting of the bub *dstance very welcome.
Ill
AM
clearly prove that this globe is carried ICome One, Come all round In the space of twenty-four bourn |	YOU a PC Welcome.

STARKS CORNERS
BOTH annual exhibition
In an eternal and never ending circuit
DON’T MISS IT.
DON’T MISS IT.
caused by the whirling at
1
t of so
We arc glad to hear that Mr*. K. A.	great a mass be excessive and there- I UNIVERSITY OF	|||
-Com’r*	Wallace	and	Tracy	I	(»aylvr i> able t«. !»«• around again.	fore far beyond what our ears can per-	nT	— n a si Al o	V A ifirn	III
That the following	bills be jmid	:	*	t''**tTb Brown, >r., wan the guest	ccive, nor, Indeed, ty bet her the re-	SI	r K A N UI w	XAVIlK
R O. Hodgins, repairing door No. 3 of Mrs. Alex. lk*an on Sunday.	sounding of so many stare, all carried	"	|||
•X| h""l. *1.00 : Mr*. T. B. Draper, sup- -'*!"• a,M* ^r< John Vunningham were on at the same time and revolving in AUTIPfUIICU unVA CPftTlA I" plie* No. 4 School, #2.11.—Carried.	I Sunday gue-t* of Mr*. Jante* Morri*on. their orbits, may not produce a de- I An I IUUmvll| RUVA obUIIA.
Next meeting Sept. 9tb. ft p m. I	*‘t it I nl man and Mia* Loi» Em- lightful harmony of incredible sweet-
M A. McKinley,	111 ter<011 were guest* of hi* winter, Mr*. Aess. To us, who are in the interior,
As*t.	Sec.-Trea*.	I	” • l*‘an on Sunday.	the world appear# to glide silently
Mes*n*. Edgar Heart and chum Mil-	along both by day and by night—PUny.
hurn Pettigrew, Ottawa, paid a Hying visit to friend* armnd here.
Mr. and Mrs. T. Johnston and child

A aplended display of Hall and Live Stock exhibits is ex |>eet-Tt n Grand Stand for the accommodation of the public. The Dining Hall has been placed in the hands ol Mr. J. H. Petta-piece, 01 Ottawa, an experienced caterer.
1
1
Renfrew Pipe Band

v • •
ARTS
a the «9th.
I
SCIENCE
ENGINEERING
LAW
LOWER LITCHFIELD
An Unsolved Puzzle of Biology.
It Is one of the innumerable puzzles
Mi**c* Marjorie and rrn- '**7!' ^ r* And Mr*. Peter Maitland ot biology that the number of eggs a Margaret Lothian, of Ottawa, have re- w?.n' I liurxlay visitors at Mrs. John bird days seems to have such small In-turned home	time	Bluebell
with their many friend* here.
Mi.** Btihy Moore has returned home ' after an extended visit to Campbells Bay end*
Misses Millie. Elite and May Stickler
gru*l* of Mm* Robert Man well on Wham to teach the coming year Hiday evening.
Nellie Bn

1

*t
1
-fluence on the abundance of the * pedes. A royal teru lays one egg, rarely two; a gull three, a skimmer four to ¦lx. The gull eats the eggs of the other two,^especially of the tern; as far as Mih* Bewie Lett has gone to Wal- we know all have the same foe#, yet
the abundance of the birds is In in-Mi-H* M. O’Hare ha* gone to Cornwall verse ratio to thelnumber of their egg*. t C.11	n in* b'T u*;	; Of counsel there Is an < xptanatlon, but
itir g her sister, Mr*. Dannie Stewart. Miss M. A. Heaphy opened school we cannot even guess a< lj as yet With Write the Registrar for Calendar. Mi*- M. Thoms of Buckingham. Nent. 1st at Freshwater P. O.	this, as wltbiso many other scientific
i'i ibt	Mi - M .‘-l I u kit NI	-	q testions, 1 we ?au say is, with IIux 1 Special Hlgt s i *>1 Count
j, w**-t b .y	I § school tales up her «• a* ley that we are not afraid to announce
harvewt excursion were Cedric and Rob teacher.	that we do not know.—Theodore
Manwc!!, jr ; Jo*, aud John Stickler, ir. | A mmil-er of our girl- left last week Roosevelt in Scribner's Magazine.
Professor* graduates (If lending Universities of Knro|>e and
America.
Nineteen hundred and sixteen is bringing the fifth new building in Are years.
DUNRAVEN
Over $200.00 in Special Prizes.
Entries close September 14th.
Secure n List immediately.
wen
i
Mis* M. A
M. Tlionw of limkingham, Sept. 1st at Fits
| WM. HOOCIMS, M- l. A.,
Ill	President.
R. W. NODCINS, III
Secretary. !»
# •
of two year*
leading to Matriculation.
LL
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
I
Boys’ School
Suits.
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests,
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.

StT IHCRIPTION, $1 AYKAH IN AUVANCK
i#1 All arrears mutt he paid up before my paper 1# dUcoutlnued.
N

O
r NI UN I VI RS A I CAR
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for |*t Insertion and 5 vents per Une or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of H tents per line for first insertion and «1 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
School days are now here again, and every mother is anxious to send her boys back to school looking spic and span at the least possible cost. We can solve this problem for you, if you bring your boys with you to see our NEW FALL SUITS. These are mostly in the Norfolk styles, made from exceptionally hard wearing Tweeds of good weight for present or fall wear. Principally greys and browns, and blue serge.
New Prices, August 1st, 1916
The following prices for Ford Cars will be effective on and after August 1st, 1916 :
Chassis -Runabout Touring Car Coupelet -Town Car Sedan
$450.00
475.00
495.00
695.00
780.00
JOB PRINTING.

All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mull promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
In Addition
NOTICE OF MEETINGS | We are showing a good line of separate Pants, made of
strong wearing Tweeds, just the thing for school, either in bloomer or k nicker styles.
890.00
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
f. o. b. Ford, Ontario
u
O; Y. B. LODGE. No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
E. Workman, Itec.-Secy.
Call and see our New Model
W. G. Cowan. W. M.
These prices are positively guaranteed against any reduction before August 1st, 1917, but there is no guarantee against an advance in price at any time.
NOTICE
L. O. L. No. 27, meet* 1st Tuesday of each month.
J. B. Armstrong W.M.
Reg. Ho do ins, Secy.
We have lately made some extensive changes in the yard at the rear of the store ; by removing an old barn, we have been able to erect more shed room and can now accommodate some 20 teams.
A good drive well has been sunk with a good flow of pure water. A strong electric light has been installed. These accommodations arc for the use of the public and we trust that you will make frequent use of same.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
W. Comp, in Com
Rko. Hoimiins. Com. Scribe.
SHAWVILLE MOTOR CO.
Professional Cards.
REGISTERED
SHAWVILLE
QUEBEC.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Camvhi 11 « Bay ¦Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Que.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Renfrew Fair
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality t the Collection Roll of school taxes, established by the School Commissioners of this municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during the thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such Roll, which shall be taken into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Commissioners to take place on the ninth day of September, at the Secretary's office, at the
o’clock in the afterwon ; but such delay expired it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desires shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at her office, within the twepty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
C. F. H0DCIN8 CO.
S. A. MACKAY

that
%
as
THE GliEAT HORSE FAIR AND APPLE SHOW OF THE OTTAWA VALLEY
PUBLIC NOTICE
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
The Medal of Honor.
A military decoration more difficult | Province of Quebec, to earn, or at least far more sparingly Municipality of Clarendon.
Public Notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality that
which to the proud possession of . few Bonus taxes, as established by the Man-American soldiers. The highest deco ici,*| ('oullci| „f ,hi* Municipality, has rations that European governments been made and completed, and that it bestow for exceptional valor may all now is and will remain in my |„, , -i,m _ I be won In the ordinary course of duty, for inspection by parties inb i.-t. .1, dn but the wearer of our medal of honor ring thirty d iy> tmm this not during
^ BARRY Ke C« mu8t have distinguished himself con- which time it may be amended. Any "	*	I spicuously “for gallantry and Intrepid- ratepayer may, during the said delay,
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE. AC- I Ity above his comrades—service that complain of such Roll, which shall be
Involved extreme Jeopardy of life or taken into consideration and In Hie, I,,
| the performance of extraordinarily ‘ gated, with or without amendment, at
the meeting of the M un ici pal Council to take place on the 15th day of September in Hynes’ ball at the hour of
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY and FRIDAY
awarded than the emblem of tbs Legion of Honor, the Victoria cross or the Iron cross, is the medal of honor,
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
SEPTEMBER 20, 21, 22

ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.
ALWAYS SOMETHING NEW AND GOOD
This year, it Is the new Machinery Hall, now under erection, which will give opportunity for much lietter display, in actual operation, of the machinery that Is of value to farmers ; and also will give more room for display of farmers' product», and better chance for display of mercantile and Industrial exhibits in the great Drill Hall.
I:
our of one
Office'and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
&F Visits Shawville every Saturday.
hazardous duty.”—Exchange.
For mote. Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!llllllllll|lllll!(llllll|lllllllllllll||||||l!lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
A little five-year-old miss has a step- l**ven o’clock inthe afternoon ; but such father, of whom she Is very fond. On# I ^v*ay expired it shall come into force day the .tevfuther suffered from a vlo- ] n.lld ev,‘ry Pere01* interested, if lie «0 detent heartache, and his wife went to the ! "'"T	I"/ «mount of his taxes
EEEEsEF
time for her mother to rttum and re- Given at Shawville, this 14th day of
lleve the sufferer. Losing patience, she' August, 1910.
went to the kitchen door and energetic- |	W. E. N. HODGINS,
Hec.-Treas.
Sham Battle». Physical Drill, etc., etc., afternoon and evening.
Given at Shawville this 7th day of August, 1910.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
m. a. mckinley,
Asst. Sec.-Treas
Balloon Ascensions and Parachute Drops
aeronauts. Merry-Go Round, Lively treatment for everybody. Send for Prize List to
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-
Mid way. Good
By experienced
Hull.
196 Main St.

T. F. BARNET, President,
W. E. SMALLFIELD, Sec.-Treas
J« ERNEST CaASOURY^ LL» Be “Mamma, if you don't hurry up you're
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
going to have another husband ta bury.*
FOR SALE
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
EVERY CANADIAN SHOULD SEE THE COUNTRY’S CAPITAL AND THE BEST TIME IS DURING FAIR WEEK
The sole head of a family, or any male 18 year» old, may homestead a
Year old Shrophlre Ram. reg Some Ram Lamb».
1 Durham Bull Calf.
ÀP,JUSO'»K0WNLEE.
R. R. No. 2, Shawville
over
quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must a;,;ear in person at the Dominion Lands Agency nr SubAgency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not Sub AgencyX tain conditions.
Duties— Six months residence
Preparation,
Donald’s mother invited Mrs. Neigh.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed-1 *9r lu dinner. During the course of
the morning Donald went out to make an Informal call on his own account on the prospective gHest.
“Now, Donald/' said Mrs. N., “tell your mother not to get a thing extra
CENTRAL
CANADA
EXHIBITION
nes lay and Shawville every Saturday,
FOR SALE
GEORGE HYNES
A
on cor-
OTTAWA SEPT. 9 to 16
1916
H	|Hi	West half of 13 a, 4th range, Bristol,
forme. She Is not going to any trou- containing 100 acres (more or less) ble, Is she?’’	known as 11 The Old Graham Farm,"
“Not much/’ replied Donald. “She situated 11 miles from Maryland station shined the knives and forks.”	I(C. P. R.); also convenient to churches
and school.
Also 8. W. quarter of 14 a, range 3, containing 50 acres, (more or less), *5 acres under cultivation : balance bush
i
ujK>n
and cultivation of the land in each of three year*. A homesteader may live within nine miles of his homestead farm of at least 80 acres, on certain condition*
n
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
w#
on a
A habitable house is required wcept w here residence is performed in its vicinity,
Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
In certain districts a homesteader in *1 standing may pre-enqft a quarter section alongside his homestead $3.00 jier acre.
Duties—Six months residence in each of three years fitter earning homestead patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may lie obtained as homestead j«atenl, on certain
%
Parson»! attention.Openall hours.
Knew All About It.
“When I was a boy I walked three miles to school every day, rain or I kind shine.*	m
“Yes, dad; I know all
W.
-
¦r
entries Close sept. 4-th
For terms and particulars apply to shout that I Mia. A. P. Smith, R. R. No. 1, Mary Grandfather was telling me the other I land, Que., or to the undersigned at day how he hsd to drive you every | Fox warren, Manitoba, step of the way with a stick.”-London Telegraph.
UNDERTAKING
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
Novet 09 COMHOM BUM(0 Ft». 3. 1#1#
wow eeiwo mcstomco to ronaacn osautt
and EMBALMING

$25.000
In PRIZES for LIVE STOCK
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon and Evening
, MILITARY EXERCISES. VAUDEVILLE ACTS. BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOP-THE-LOOP AVIATOR.
''BIG HORSE RACING PROGRAMME.
Magnificent Spectacle and
NIGHT SHOXAZ Fireworks “Battle of Falk-
¦¦	¦ - land Islands.”
The Greatest Effort Yet.
Great Industrial Exhibit
n
4
A. P. SMITH

HAYES A FINDLAY
FOR SALE
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE
Plating Him.
Head of Business—What position do
All calls will receive prompt per I	*“ our «UblUbment, .IrT
l3sUegefOraduate-Oh, something like
'onfldentlal adviser or general min-
B. V. INDLAY | iger. Head of Business-Good! You
y have both Jobe. I will make you
in dfllce boy.-DaHas News.
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s.
Two Village Lots situate on Main Street, Shawville, opposite the Met ho
ggNgEg
Farm Property of 53 acres, wituate north of Shawville Cemetery—S3 acres in hay, 18 acre* good bush. All well fenced with wire. A good well dug and also a frame barn erected in 1913.

condition*.
A settler who has exhausted his home-"4cad right may take a piffvhaned homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00
per acre.
Duties—Must reside six month* in each of three years, cultivate 60 acres and erect a house worth $300.
W. W. CORY.
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior. X. B.—V^authorised publication of this advertisement will not be |«id for.
$
sonnl attention.
W. J HAYES.
PATENTS
Hundreds of Other Features
__________________________
PROMPTLY 8ECUREDI WHeer V a,fine wedding How
I r :nfrlHF A*k f r « ir 1NVEN- Ud	tUrn *"iY'
TOR S AI> VI8KR.which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
364 University IL Montréal.
A comfortable Rnrk Residence Centre Street, with kitchen, sum à ii-T

Don’t Forget to See Ottawa Fair This Year

I shed and all
l
In a
“With a deficit. The presents w# bndding* rot won’t begin to sqeal the cost of lie feed.” .	' T
J. K. Paisley, Seerrtary and M
John Bright, Pretidani
R. W. HODOIN8,
Shawville. Que
i
###PAGE###6###
'PRUSSIAN GUARD
PRIDE OF HUNS
! apparently, that he waa not at Con- f >£ j talmaison, vise his "citadel" might I
' have fallen In on him, < rushed by I
British I
f
onixing colors
which has been taken up is the Japanese parasol with it* many colorings harmoniously blended.
Sport clothes continue to be largely
The craze for silk sweat* era keeps steadily on the increase.
No doubt, most of us ,re feeling °°M. bright green, purple, blue, old
rose and gray are among the most
favored colors
n
One of the novelties
Useful Hints and General Information fur the busy Housewife
THE FASHIONS
About the House
the
little
contempt hl<
army
featured
PETROGARD IN EARNEST
J
IT IS AN ARMY CORPS OF 50.000
PICKED MEN.
To All Russia the War is < onsidered
a Crusade.
that our summer wiHro'ies n:*v beginning to look a little the worse for wear. The dainty voiles and c.’gand-
so '
Russia, "has wrought no such change beginning of June and July when we m ary capital of Europe, not even ill . ted the Paris, as in Petrograd
The sweater, as a i ale, is in some gay color and hats and stockings to match enhance the charm of this much-favored costume. Smocks and middy blouses arc now made not only of linens and heavy cottons, but are very frequently developed in tof-feta an crepe de Chine, also silk and wool Jersey cloth feta worn with a Jersey skirt is one o fthe latest combinations.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall Dealer or
i
The war," said a friend of the
' inch thick and cut into small rounds.
sus™ f Æ rsc*.....................
add one small compressed y tcake tablespoonful
dissolved in half a cupful of warm *n	° con' *ju ]°U
water, a level tea spoonful of salt and the fo! "\ing .no \ vi > <n x sufficient whole wheat flour to make Bran i-reai a batter; beet continuously for five flour, three vuns u an
minutes; cover and stand in a warm <n	vun Tn 1 v
place, 75 degrees Fahrenheit, for two 1 hours and a half. Then add flour buttermilk
while, until to gréa ed brea 1 pan
one-halt* hours in a slow oven
writer, just returned from a visit to
Quirk Bread Recipes
But a Few More Blows Like Conta! maison » ill Shake German
Faith.

season with them, are I* rum u city looking limp and faded since they of careless pleasures it ban become n have been pressed into service all On the morning of May 21, 101.3, ! city of the deepest seriousness and a through the waim weather, wa* standing in Lehr ter Station, Ber-	a,‘d deadly earnestness
lin, awaiting the arrival of King possessed of one thought only—to win
George and Queen Mary, who had the wuri “nil on that object all its of- By fur the most popular silks for come to Germany for the wedding of	f°rt* arc concentrated, says London	dresses just now are Mie taffetas.
Princess Victoria Luise of Prussia,	Answers. , .	They are especially smart* in self tones	__	__	,	,
writes Frederic William Wile, late	^ a city, too, of profound piety,	and in the many striped, checked and	from	1 he Met all Co., 70	Bond	Street,
Berlin correspondent of the London	ant* this piety is universal. A ou will	blocked effects seen. Navy blue and	Toronto
Daily Mail. Presently the iron raft-	860 the roughest cab-driver and the	the rich, dark tones predominate. In
vrs of the hornlike old Bahnhof shook	high-placed officer alike remove	Pomo very striking designs both
Bran and Graham Biscuit.—One cup	xxj(b a mighty hubbub. The ‘‘honor	their hats and cross themselves rev-	j vhecks	and	stripes	are	combined.	Fol-
sterilized bran, two cups graham	vompany" of the First Regiment of	vrently ^hen passing a streetc-shrine.	lowing	closely	in	the	lead	of	taffeta
nut e i h loaf in -i irreased sou are pm* flour* un° CUP milk* one two tea- the Infantry of the Guard was tramp- Every Russian regiment has its own ure messaline, faille, figured and dot-
EHB:jr E1;	SrE^SS P ESpLT
The	next	is	a little	quicker,	as	the	e(| mol,„ boaril and rPll to one-half	,eaving in Ihvir wake a eloud of dust	holy wur waged for the little brother
entire	process	only	takes three hours	inch Sickness. Cut into shape	and „ rumble that might have been	Serb,a
from beginning to end.	: with thp biscuit cutter and bake in a made bv a cavalcade.
Hanko Bread.—3M$ cupfuls, sifter hot* bread flour. 2 tablespoonfuls short ening. 1 cupful watei ful of salt
The smock of taf-
f
It is
taffeta the Leading Silk
white
rhree cup
one teaspoon one Vcaspoon-ir milk or
it l. two Clips Mix all together, put blind hake one and
?
slowly, stirring all the the lough i fficient ly hard to turn on a baking board loses its st	•; divide it in loaves
HONEYSUCKLE FROM JAPAN
Kneal until it
Fragrant Vine Was Originally
Japanese.
ted foulard, crepe de Chine, silk voile, years ago Japan sent to this counchiffon, crepe and Georgette crepe. tpy * vigorous green vine which won The two illustrations shown here favor through its lavish display of are typical of the simplicity of the fragrant white (lowers in late spring, present styles. The dress of check- por a time the vine and (lowers were ed taffeta has a gored skirt with panel kept within the bounds of gardens, front and back, and of course, it iawI1R nn(] parks. Then it ran away, would not be complete without the To-day you’ll find it roaming along large patch pockets on either side of the roadside, climbing stumps and the front, for pockets are as popular hedges. It needs no gardener, for
it can take care of itself honeysuckle.
The Japanese variety which ran away joined some of its American cousins, who are just as pretty and just as fragrant. There's the coral honeysuckles, for example, a famous porch climber in the Southern States, with trumpet-shaped flowers, red outside and scarlet within. In England they have the woodbine, a cream colored, fragrant relative of the honeysuckle.
Recently there came a new variety from China, where it was found on the tops of mountains 6,000 feet above the sea. Its foliage is almost evergreen, and the flowers are a reddish bronze. Another variety has red flowers, with yellow and buff markings.
There's no need to hunt for the honeysuckle. Its fragrance will announce it before you're near enough to see it.
of the saint
To
"And for this great and holy crusade everyone is working. The very
nourishing old Ÿri. mi"svhmwU 'of''‘thv’" Horl"er boy, are always busy rolling bam I-
ages, making 'swobs, or sewing strips
of bombazine together, which the sol-
oven
Lastly, here is a very
teaspoon nut an: raisin bread that is particu- Zeitung am Mittag, "so was gibt’i in - tablespoonfuls sugar.	|arly good for the children's school	England wohl nil ht!" (Well, my dear	. .	,
1 cake compressed yeast. Sift and	luncheon, but it is well to chop the	Wile, that's something you haven't	divni prefer to	socks. At the hospital
measure the bread flour; rub the fat raisins so as t*o make them more eas- got in England).	(!f T8arskoe Sel® lhe (zunna’ her
liifhtly into the flour with the tips of j|y digested:	! Sehmidt was right. There is noth- 'lighters, and Court ladies are min-
Add the salt to one cup"	whitT flour. ?*!"'n.p^nthTm^ flour!	som,' i h i n g I St 1er." ' ' A m I TfeJ ^ Tore	and.	in all\he intermediate
the sugar ho another and soften the	qllarter r„p sugar; one cup chopped	smashes at the Prussian Guard, such	s°clal ®tages	eryone is equally hard
yeast in the third cup. f ombine nuts, quarter cup small raisins, half as the British army delivered at Con-i a „'îor.,'	._.	, _	_. ,
these liquids and add them to the teaspoonful salt, half cup molasses, talmaison, and that “internal col-1 ,n tb(-‘greets of Petrograd the war flour, mixing the dough lightly with two teaspoonfuls soda, two cups sour lapse" in Germany upon which many mCl 's	cx® ¦	.	,,
When the dough will	milk. Mix and sift the dry ingredi-	people in England have built prema-	>'“u ' "	thÆVrli'
form a ball raise it from the bowl;	ents add nuts and raisins, then mol-	ture hopes will be materially hasten- g, , , 1	- " , . . , „ .	’
hold it high in the air, and strike it	asses and mix. Hake in a moderate	ed. For the Guard of	Prussia, In	Z	A
with force upon the table four times.	oven 45 to 60 minutes.	Hun tradition, is invincible. To de-
EBHEEH ™,,. EE—™
four times. Place im-a greyed bread | A port*ble fire extinguisher should	The "Superb-Army Corps.	news oTth^ fighting from the ,
pun and let the do ig >t v . be m eVery home.	"What is the Prussian Guard?" I leaflets posted up on the walls. Here
an 1 hour. I In n a w • u	a ^ is said that an omelette is the have been asked a score of times. Un- you pause to watch a regiment of stal-
liof oven at la degtees ha xl r true test of civilization.	like our Guards, which in peace com- Wart, grim-faced soldiers march past,
.>ii to o.' m.nu es	vn 11 vcat Peas ami corn should always be prise Household Cavalry and Foot with the slow, rhythmic tread peculiar
comes free from the sides o n- pm, cannetj a few hours after they arc Guards (in all about 10,000 men), the to the Russian fighter. A little farth-tap. it, A hollow vun .	> ’ ,l 1 gathered.	Guard of Prussia is an army corps er on a band of students passes along
is done. CooI the >rcad an< cvp in ,	A high cutting table, such as tailors	which takes the field as	a separate	singing—to	your	astonishment—
tmgr air-tight ' »x.	u«ef is of t»he greatest service in the	unit and is made up on a	peace foot-	"Tipperary/	while	very	onlooker reEntire >> heat Bread.—Two cups sewing room.	ing of some 50,000 troops of all arms. 1 moves his hat in tribute to England,
scalded milk, h cup sugar or 1-3 cup When a worn place or hole appears It embraces thirteen regiments of in-1 the great ally who is making victory molasses, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 yeast? jn the matting it can be darned with fantry, eight regiments of cavalry, assured." cake	lukewarm strands raffia.	[and four regiments of field artillery.
water, and 2 2-3 cups coarse entire j To remove ink stains, dip the stain When we speak of the "Prussian wheat flour. Add sweetening and in boiling	with salts	th< fore, we mean foot,
and when lukewarm sorrel and rinse well.	rifle», Uhlans, dragoons, cuirassiers, Some Good Advice to the Young
In the
It's the
»
the fingers; divide three cups

±
the fingers
'
ti
• *¦
?
m
TRAVEL IN COREA
Ice Cream and Biscuits on the Restaurant Cars.
A Baldwin locomotive whisked us through the green hills and past the quaint thousand-year-old villages of Corea. It was odd to see the white swaddled Coreans, with their bare feet and flytrap hats, riding in this most modern of trains forty milea an hour over trails where a few years ago these same Coreans doubtless joggled donkey back at twenty miles a day.
Any American rood, says the Chrie-tion Herald, would have been proud of the dinner on that train. It was vastly better than the dinners on the roads in Japan. The tiffin (luncheon) was table d’hote and cost only one yen (fifty cents). It comprised seven courses, and its main features, relieved of their French disguises, were soup, fish, chicken salad, brown potatoes, succotash, ice cream and lady fingers, apples, oranges, bananas and coffee. Plenty of everything and everything good. Electric bell at every table. Speedy service. Eternal politeness.
And as if this were not enough, ice cream and nabiscos were served at 3 p.m.î That was the last straw.
h

?
?
© McCall
73 U
VALLE OF SAVING
fc>	cool;
add dissolved yeast cake and flour; I When using a double thread, draw hussars and even sappers
beat well, cover and let rise to double ; it over a piece of laundry soap and war the “Guard” may be augmented ; The op|nion8 0f William II Osborn
1BÎ3 §§§i Hiffi
if handled quickly will not stick to the To preserve the flavor of the olives particular local district in which it is business deal. He gave his intended .	^ color harmonizes
board. Loaves and biscuits should when a large bottle has been opened raised or has its headquarters, but v id a chance to release herself with the tlress.
be shaped with hands instead of pour- pour a little olive oil on the top and consists of men from all parts of w<j think y c t Vour feet T*!?1 th® vogae for combining plain
isr " - »	•*-* k"Ki:n, ^	%
JlL’mistrir sur-f ter l % z ASS 1 Æ-st: *• -*w - »• air rt ssysps,
spoonful	soda,	2	teaspoonfuls	cream	through the wringer. •	older farming stock	of the Prussian	««And thev	were married	? -/I	®,rangcd	*n bands	on	the	un-
of	tartar, 1	teaspoonful	of	salt,	%	It is not, safe to eat mushrooms	Provinces. To have	performed his	.-The bride	got a cigar box and	cut	^ch'	finishes™thé “neclc‘"and‘bèm
xceptiona y after	inj'%1 ^ua!b vC with clarZegimeZ ‘in"Berlin	ïurnTture'Kx'^.ndYnto‘it %3ghf t^^pWtjtt" the'' top"
ties and becomes poisonous.	or Potsdam, where	they are ex-	wen^ a[| the	dimes and quarters	she	tl...	^
An old magazine kept on the kitch-	clusively quartered,	is for every	dldr,.t rea„y	need goon ghe	had
en table is good to	set hot pans on;	young	Prussian a badge of	distinction enough to furnish a	home
process takes	less	than two hours,	j the ouber leaves can be torn off as	which	serves him well in later life.	gke	didn’t	(jUjt	saving. She
Sift the dry ingredients together fast as they get soiled.	Three Generations.	kept right on until she had $2,000.
(having Vhe teaspoonful	of s<><la,	A Russian salad is made from one	With this she bought a piece of land,
rounding—and the salt and	cream of	onion, two apples and four cucumbers	The * ,rst and Secon(J Regiments	which ghe later go]d for ^ QQO. The
tartar level) then add the water, stir	pickles, all chopped fine and seasoned tke in^an,ry	the Guard are the	fun(j kept growing, and she kept mak-
thoroughly, place in a well-greased,	with salt, cayenne and vinegar.	particular pets	of the Hohenzollerns.	jng more	investments.	To-day	she
round tin, cover wifch a buttered paper When some one has knocked a AH Prussian royal princes serve in bag money and property in her own and steam for one hour over constant- white place in the wall paper, copy them by tradition, formally entering name valued at upwards of $40,000. ly boiling water. Remove from the the proper coloring of the figure with their ranks in their tenth birthdays, »«j know 0f many more cases just steamer and bake for three-quarters	crayons and the spot will not show.	as "the littlest	W illie, the Crown	jjke that.	It’s a law of	business	that
of an hour in a slow oven. If cut,	When a kettle is badly burned, do	Prince'# eldest son, did the other day»	invariably	succeeds,
when cold, into slices and browned not fill it with water, but set is aside completing what I heard some one j « My advice to every young man is slightly in the oven it has a crisp, to cool, then put in a handful of ca|* “three degenerations. The g^rt a savings fund and put into nutty flavor, which is both appetizing washing soda and water and allow it Princelings go through the form of % a definite part of what he makes.
to boil for an hour or more.	“earning their promotion by succès- when the total runs to $500 or more
Pain*, no matter how hard and dry,	sive •***••» beginning as subalterns	be should invest it in something
\	can be taken out of woollen clothing	snd graduating to a colonelcy.	which brings more interest than he
^1%	teaspoon	by using a solution of equal parts of	Napoleon once called his guard “a	can get from a savings bank, yet Is
salt. 3 tablespoons melted drippings, ammonia and turpentine. Saturate ™ov*ng citadel which protects the safe \ cup sugar.	Mix	and sift	dry in-	the spot? two or three	times, then wash	^mPeror wherever he may	be." The
gredients, mix thoroughly and	quickly	out with soap suds.	Kaiser	on a spectacular	occasion
turn into hot, well-greased, flat pan. Instead of folding tablecloths after ear*y *n reign stole the aphorism Bake about 30 minutes.	Cut into they are washed, roll them, folded and aPP,ied ^ *° {\xe Prussian Guard
squares and serve hot.	once or twice, lengthwise on mailing 1 we*‘ *or Supreme War Lord
Com Butter Bread.—Two eggs, half tubes of cardboard
People
Dress of Checked Taffeta
We fled at
beefsteak,
pint of cold water simple and inexpensive is this recipe for bread, made without sweetening, shortening or yeast, yet it is sweet, tender and wholesome and the entire
arc two prominent style features of the season
one which at first sight may seem Make» Fireproof Preparation That is intricate, but on closer inspection
SKIM MILK IN PAINT
This model is
a Fire Resistant.
one
! Instead of feeding skim milk to the hogs farmers may use it in the manufacture of a fire resistant covering for building purposes, especially shingles. This use of what formers have sometimes considered practically a waste of the farm is announced by "Ernest McCullough of Chicago, fire protection engineer for the cement industry.
A mixture of cement and ordinary fine sand in a paste, it has recently been said, is effective as a fire retardant preparation for shingles, but the difficulty Is that the wood absorbs the water and the dry sand and cement blow away. The casein in skim milk, it is declared, is the medium used to hold intact the pigments in cold water paint, so by using skim milk without water the integrity of the paste is assured.
and delicious.
Corn Bread.— 2 cups cornmeal. 1 cup flour. 1% cups sour milk teaspoon baking soda
i
u If he keeps on in this way, he will be independent when he gets old enough to quit work.
A successful blacksmith can either shoe a horse or make a horseshoe.
i

•l
This makes a
pint cornmeal, half pint milk, one smoother cloth with fewer creases, tablespoonful of butter, melted; half which is, of course, to be desired, cup white flour, half teaspoonful salt, j When potting plants, put a piece of teaspoonful baking powder, coarse muslin over the hole in the pot Melt the butter over hot water; sep- before putting in the bits of stone and arate the eggs; beat the yolks slight- soil, which keeps the drainage good, ly; add the milk, then the butter, corn- The muslin prevents the earth from meal, flour and salt Beat thorough- washing away.
ly, add the baking powder; beat again A scant teaspoonful of boiled vine-and fold in, carefully, the whites of gar beaten into boiled frosting when the egg# beaten to a stiff froth, the flavoring is being added will keep steam for an hour or so. Cut into it from getting brittle and breaking squares and serve warm.	when the cake is cut It will be
Sour Cream Biscuit*.—Mix two moist and nice in a week as the day it cups flour, half teaspoon soda, two was made.
teaspoons baking powder and half tea- Serving green vegetables on toast is spoon salt and sift several times, an economical as well as a palatable With the tips of the Angers 'fork into method. It makes the vegetable “go the flour one tablespoon butter, or, if farther," adds considerably to the desired, half tablespoon each butter total food value of the dish, and is one and lard. Stir in lightly with a fork more good way of using «tale bread.
ugh sour cream to make the dough just stiff enough to handle, probably about one cup. The dough can be left ft If the board la well floured, r.'t the dough out quickly one h..If
LITERATURE NOT GUILTY
»
I
Experiment* Trove That Books Do
Not Carry Germs.
Old superstitions that books arc carriers of disease seem to have teen dispelled for once and all by experiments recently made in Londcn.
We all know the familiar argument that Mrs. So-ond-So caught this or that by reading an old bool: that old Mr. Such-and-Such read a few months before he died with the same-disease. Now we are told that germa cannot live in such surroundings as are offered by the dry pages of bool
Parewls end Sport Cloth.. | Wishing, from books r At all fashionable resorts, parasols cular patient* wen of bright hoes and fancy shapes are but none develop*
They are in j
rs, both in self tones and in P' ? ***t#ie|	" r
effective combinations of two harm prevent d~:titutton
one
a
¦
A
tor

Ù McCall
3
<5

A

«i 7*3
as
247
VI
7317-7*9
Ribbon a Fashionable Trimming
y l
<
iINu
zing,
a
irrier
have.
Pi



en

1
In Russia.
"He who steals my good name " “Gets a load,"

(?!v in evidentf

The Grip Begins to Tighten
The Fingers of Fa*

all


John B: 11
Wm
1
###PAGE###7###
\j knocked sideways from his cartridge-box, and was now effectively gagged | by a large hand, which covered most 1 of his face.
The Turk Is a fatalist, but the two that had “bagged” Wilkins took no chances. One with a hairy face knelt on his chest and searched him, while the other methodically removed the




A

i
Biliks”—A Dog’s Tale
a
L
! a

%
il

iff



I


IL Nf
I
-

O XVIB

"And mind, now, you must keep your
FÆMïïï ÏTS5 -"I""" "r •?
bushes was all blanky Turks."	bolVar away ,nto *he Pushes.
So saying, the sergeant cautiously „ Then something happened suddenly crawled away, followed by the remain- Indeed, sevenU things happened at
Ing three sentries yet to be ehown once- A ®mal1- hairy. ye,low ®hape their posts. And Private Wilkins materialised from the surrounding
time, but when one's post Is a shallow J(,ns ^fle. At the same time, Wilkins revetment, lately an enemy trench, on 1,11 lato ,Im- ,1UI1(1 that covered his a mllewlde plateau covered with dwarf I,l°uth> Rrahhed J0*1* sword bayo-
oak, and with the enemy trenches only net from 1,10 bplt. of .Ili8 caP,or* an<1 a bare hundred yards away, It becomes Rtabbed upwards liar .
a duty almost too Imprestve In Its 1m- 4 He BC4r«rnb ^ frorn bcVlfa h the bod* portance	*° Boe the other man busily engaged
Private Wilkins watched the ser- tramping on the neck of his beloved
e,"h „:2sh":r%,nt%'^
accustomed feeling made Itself evident but In the dusk the Tommy saw he somewhere near the buckle of his dog s appeal Inf, eyes and heard the Webb equipment belt. He was not half strangled breath as It was gradual
afraid, he was sure of that, but his re- ly =™?hed fr?m	body„
With an almost beast like cry he
flung himself at the man, and the two
rolled back Into the trench, Wilkins on

r J


ri

m

\ x*
f
%
m.
ffl”

liï
<
i
J



ri

I




i
21


I
iS


9**
v A
l i


X

O*




!




/f




wm
\
CONTAI
1 &

w-“i

NO
fsZ

>
i
alum



V
V"tf ; L-i '^V kv *¦£$>

s- AS
WAR MAKES LOVE- GERMANS SEARCH LETTER WRITERS ALL TRAVELERS
An Officer —Not Yet.
Sergeant: 'Oo do you think you are? A hofficer?
Raw Recruit: No; of course I'm not an officer.
Sergeant: Then don't talk like a bloomin' idjutl—The Tatler.
sponslbllltles wore beginning to tell on him.
He had barely had two hours' sleep
In thirty six, and here he was on one _	......	.	_
of the most nerve-racking duties that! Two minutes later the sergeant and the Army offers. Ten times rather three relieving sentries disentangled would ho have crept out, as Indeed he a 'mat! dog, a large Turk, a bayonet, had that morning, and "listened" for and a a>m»8t unconscious Tom an enemy mine which was coming un-, my, and sorted them Into their Proper comfortably near one of our machine- order. The bayonet was removed with gun emplacements.	Ia wrench from the Tommy s shoulder,
Such hectic eecapades had an ele- where It was burled hilt deep , ment of sport even for a tired man, Turk was missed with ^one ofMs^own	-
Zd"for 1 whHe%R hL%^y	I The shirt-sleeved surgeon at the The Trcnchcs and Generals brigade %r^sed %^Fumln^wUds? The garden gate clicked, feet crunch- j see that no information or plans
Suddenly a large calibre shell came dreeing station examined the wound	In the Rear.	they were almost at their goal when ed tbo gravel, the song In the house the enemy are being carried out.
£Si-se.t=s==i3 - ¦-s»*SSSsSSH ^^~'saisS5rzlS"3
wmsa mmmwwm
the forts across the Narrows, and the behind a warship's plnnance.	™ele"8 and	"g	executed bis mission, and asked : I Iitih,nd quaint gray stone, Ivy- could undress on the German border,
men had got to look her nightly At ^ laHt moment, unseen, Dinks,	:rear The battieflcld Into which -‘Colonel, give me a duplicate of the clad church there was a glimpse of a walk into the water and swim to a
hate ns something t£»t helped to who loathed an open boat, dropped	Bnrt.w1lth. orde4rs, or afte[ ,n* message I” He received a pint or white-robed woman, on whose breast waiting station near the ferry and
pass the time. Hence w*Ik,,j J y, * quietly down on to the tnwarts beside	°nK ? ^1,d?80 ate1d zone where water, which was in those days the 'y*8 emblazoned the Red Cress. But ; wait for the clothes and baggage to
& œ;'.r»sr.d.	i sfss&stmt* """" """ ss.“—22 »* ssrs	---	-1	<¦*
Carefully he laid his rifle on the M ^ «hip's side he was put— P®?r,aace. °j ",fe' Except during the One courier presented himself at the toward the great white cross which parapet and gazed at the p-	n Btretcher, dog, and all—Into an Iron .	tm Infantry attack, tt commanding post of a colonel, pant- “tends in the garden, sharply defined
«‘V’m Pat7,C?,'ar bUw’ °"t n vins t hôutedt'hlmdtôntheedêckeleThedti7ket -hâipeet eye discovers no movement ^eêly^^'lie had* p^sL trough'''ihe anclém trV/ And shThànde.l a'leuer hath house at an American beach, fixed his attention. Waa It moving T ; Qn h,g torn tim,c meant a thorough | of humanity. The earth Is everywhere zolie of a ..drum flre« that ploughs up to a blue garbed man reclining there Here the passports are taken away Cautiously Wilkins drew his butt to |rlp t0 the operat|ng theatre, and furrowed by freshlywtlrred earth, but the ground, yard by yard, methodical at tho foot ot the cross—a sun burned, and shoved into an enclosed room his shoulder an<l lowered 1 he safety-	under an anaesthetic, a clever- no one 8668 tlie liand that stirred it. iy He held out the envelope contain- tannod young man, temporarily broken where they are examined. The hold-
«SKSÏK	....¦?£77-7r;,, jESSHïSis
gSS-Sia	| -~Z171Z'ZZ 1	E:™3 ; -	‘ snESSE:	- Tfr
harm In Pitting down. He	% his Inert form, looked reverently at the even ground to disappear again; "SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE *• or maybe it was a short letter that he %oes to a large room when the bag-
see ahead, for the parapet was quite	and drew the blanket over leaping from obstacle to obstacle. -umewhere in frange. read many times, for he kept It In his gage is examined while detectives
low and the trench shallow. Ho sat ^	from ditch to ditch, from shell hole to	a .	..	. 77T",	^ ...	hands longer than Is usual, and after- stand in front and in back to see	that
down and fell to thinking of home. „E,g flniHhe<i .*• be remarked to Wll-	shell hole as it approaches the front	8009	9 tho	Sc d,cr® Never-Failing	ward he did not slip it Into the ample nothing is slipped by.
Just about this time last year kins' next door neighbor.	I line, at times vaulting, at others	Charm at All Times.	aide pocket of his coat, but laboriously
MIS IMSëjSilll MBNSE,,,,,
could not sleep now. He tried what it "oh, my Cord !" said the latter feeb-	the name for years to come of “the	ters is the vibrant voice lifted In song	had gone* The meIody wa« wafted ed, the wrapping destroyed and	half
was like to close his eyes. His head ly -you passed out 'arf an hour ago.",	courier of Verdun/' Not a telephone	for through it	is manifest the soul of	over the meadow ond reached the ears broken up into bits to see	that
fell slowly forward, and he came to	he gazed at the resurrected line can resist the Incessant bombard- the man and its victory over clrcum- of the yourig soldier beneath the cross nothing is hidden
» himself with a start A sleep-starved wilklns with a wild eye.	ment that digs up the soil and levels stances and environment, writes Tre- ,n the 8,uuny Utt,e churchyard. He a new half-sole
man takes Just about three seconds to Then round the corner of the wheel- all field work along the whole line In Vor Allen	placed his hand where the letter lay. e(j The searcher feels everything.
amass:
a yawn forced itself out and gave the	much noisy whining and a cinemato-	pigeons are very uncertain, and op	£ialn we don't extend our arms ™n	day8~a love-letter.	that nothing is written on the lining.
He to his thoughts	graphic wagging of his apology for a	tical signals are Insufficient for va	studied anguish, lamenting the luxur- The 8hips wh,ch Pass	t0 and fro	"After	the	baggage	is	examined,
That bush seemed to move again, ta|j	rlous reasons. Nothing Is certain ex-iin»* inh wn marHSraH tn Wn nn ond across the Channel are laden with let- said an American woman, who cross-
and the one to Its right was surely A tlred-eyed surgeon,	_ _
changing its position.	I through the near by door, paused to information and orders across that I tomed to. All that 1s taken for grant
"Must be my eyes," he thought, and	at pair, and a light of com- beaten field requires something extra- 0(j in the new armies until it is claim- grt>at maJ°rity are real love-letters,
closed them tight—"Just to rest them,"	prehension came into his eyes.	ordinary In the way of man. He must	1 a* a strictly personal prerogative :	Dovers who. in the old days found
he told himself.	"Your dog T* he asked Wilkins.	be an athlete, with good lungs, and.	then It Is resented. No ; we sing.	fhelr thou*ht8 so hard to express on
Slowly his head and shoulders bent My oath !" said the latter,	emphatl-	above	all, he must have a stout	heart.	“Good-bye. Virginia," fits admirably	pap^‘ and who were rare,y satisfied
forward, and Private Wilkins made caU and tbe gurgeon lifted	the yel-	n	the rhythm of a scrubbing brush on	Jlth Vlp,lr fl.rUl,hp<1.?,l!r"rtB;	*'1
himself comfortable, automatically low mongrel and paled him.	Dodgmg Drumfire.	a utrine floor . In fact- ,t ,« almoet a	down In renchea, In billets. In t. M. C.
pillowing his dirty face on the earth He was a greBt man. this	surgeon,	The	courier of Verdun Is unable to	deodorizer. While aa for scouring	A hu'*1 In hospitals, In camps, and In
of the parapet.	with most of the alphabet after his	use the communicating trXichee,	greasy bacon pane with mud and cold	.	8" p8 that carry them	away from
Dreams came to him, and	he stirred	nameg and most of fashldnable London	where he would be out of s>fnt of the	water, all the pathos of It seems con-	f 16 lomo	Md the	words that
uneasily. He had crawled beneath a after his services when he was at enemy, because that line is crowded centrated in that plaintive "Long, long t	reluctant to express their
tarpaulin on the railway wharf, way home.	! always with soldiers going to or from trail that’s leading + + *" And "jntlmenfs ln ot'1pr day® trip off
back ln Lyttleton. It was	a rainy	was he who had mended Wilkins	the front line, with wounded being	what means all this, pray, but the	. pnn7 more nft.«n pencil- wlih a
night, and the water trickled	through	B0 gucceesfully, and during the opera-	carried back, with men of the com-	contempt of the soul for mere disre-	Buenrv that - ff« n urprls tin v ri- , -
a rent In the oiled canves, and Wilkins yon he had listened for half an hour	mlssary department carrying provl-	putable matter, Its laughing Immunity	themselves
felt it cold on his cheek.	to the tale of the latter's failure and	along to the men on guard. That is too	; from the grime of the hands, articu-
He woke with a start, to find a dirty Dinks' saving act, for anaesthetics	glow a route for the courier of Ver-	alte In song ?
low dog with Its wet nose against loosen a man's tongue.	| dun ; he must take his chances being Then the route marches.. .*..*..*
face. The enormity of his lapse "I wonder," said the surgeon, re- sighted and hit—above ground. The Not only do we sing to proclaim the lost ln his delight at seeing the flectlvely, addressing the dog in his	first formidable obstacle to pass Is the	soul's triumph over physical fatigue e
(jog, and the dog seempleased, too. arms -	1 wonder - — —	¦««« »*.—%	•«» wawi.	• ¦>».»• «,	woi me itm »> ™•» umwi nuu »	.	,	,	.	.	.
They were old friends. Wilkins had would say if he knew what we know ?	where 8-inch, 6-Inch and 4 Inch shells	suburban tendency to follow the tram-	,	te‘ whereas now they Sit	down and
found the pup In the camp at Zeitoun, Anyway, you’ve done your bit, pup.	are bursting with formidable explo- fines ; over the wistful appeal of the	^uîîllw.	b,1JDt fru „ . . .
near Cairo, and by dint of much hard and court-martials are unsatisfactory	elons, sending showers of sharpnel rising sun that dawns for us In vain	1,1Py	sav	ove yoUe apa Ma 3
mr^m	^=gsg# ### i
like this was a dangerous companion , Tommy weeping unmanly tears over a cf poison vapor before he has crossed, that blighter in front who persists In g*ven t0 th#‘ gir,f	ceiled maps drawn on my skin,
on night outpost, for Blnks was n^t very grubby yellow dog.	It ; once through, he Is within range thinking he is the only man in step, j mOFt	-r- ha alcohol and a basin of water w ith
undemonstrative as a rule. His pedl- And, with another friendly pat on Gf the smaller German guns and the Our singing Is positive as well as nega-	ever been penned.	towels were there, and on a shelf I
gree was more than doubtful, and his the dog’s grubby hide, he laid the anl- quick-firers. For the whole distance of tlve. We sing the Intoxicating rhythm Many a lover who resorteu to• sunter- noticed a bottle of aromatic spirits manners were those of a borderthlef. mal gently down beside the wounded a mile or two miles, according to the of feet and the body's proud strength fugp crt\‘r \° 1p*papei writflng f 10 of ammonia and drinking water for Wilkins, seeing an advertisement for soldier, and a glance full of meaning	position, hie nerves are at the highest and endurance, unwavering as a tune-	conventional	love le ,cr now finds retable delicacies, "Blnks 67 varieties," pased between the two men, so far	tension, with his mlnù on the end of ful engine. We sing the delicious lan-	"p* 'n	b 8 thoughts on pap#t ,
IS
mm mmm
§mm mmMMmm
•tens on the tared wood-blocking of composed "Dogger" Is a sandy, Iron fe red themselves for the dangerous won.	The popular theories that an mal j, ty,e most necessary article. Not
the wharf A big hand dragged him impregnated stone that is well known ‘ mission. One was a boy of the con , In prekhakl days It may have been magnetism and bodily temperature an ***ce 0f rubber leaves Germany from hie neat and Constable Murphy to ^ geologist But this bank took tlngent of 181S. of childish aspect, who our idiosyncrasy to mumble odd ex are causes are denied bv investiga the wharf policeman, caught him a Ha namP from the tw ^masted fishing [every time volunteers were asked for cerpta from Wagner. Grieg. Schubert. tors- Rather, diffirent rhythm w of
Jü1	"°"r'i::
saying ? He could not understand his dogger Is similar to the ketch, but rwptain, when he pleaded o be eent
52S3E5S5S .se Mtuasv* 3% se. srja .
top
WHEN THE WOUNDED SOLDIER EXAMINE MEN AND WOMEN RECEIVED HIS LETTER.
: VERDUN COURIERS A BAND OF HEROES
path, had dragged himself back, al though unable to rise to his feet, sa luted his colonel and said I am done for, but I have got enough left In me to give an account of my mission.” He made his report, and that was the end of his service for his country.
WITH GREAT CARE
"Colonel.
Lover* Find Relief From the Pangs An Alcohol Hath Provided to Remove of War in Putting Thoughts
on Paper.
the
Any Wraps on the Skin.
for
canoe.
When travelers leave the train they enter a small wooden shed, resembling in many respects a temporary
»
\
Nothing is Overlooked
Every scrap of paper or cardboard is taken away, even wrappings and paper lining to boxes. Cotton is removed from medicine bottles, cigar!
t

Shoes with
open
are

.	. .	.loue job wo sacrificed to join up and#	,	......	A ,	.	.	,
stepping cept the man himself, and to transmit the elegant home we've been accus-1 ters—nearly an of them contain mes- e(j the border recently, "the men and
1	'	~	v" ‘ women are taken into separate com-
partments, about the size of a large individual bath house, and there every bit of clothing is removed. Women are examined by women, men by men. The searcher went through every piece of my clothes, examined the border of my underwear and held almost every inch of my clothes up to the light. Even the roses I wore were examined petal by petal, my wrist watch was opened back and front, so also my shoes, umbrella and hat. I had to take down my hair and my scalp was examined thoroughly—I suppose to see that I didn't have a map of Metz concealed there-
sages of love for some one, but the
Exquisite Love-Letters
They, being men, do not always realize that their former lack of success
«x,B — —-I um ivriHiu«UW uuaievm tv y«»a in tuo boui b inumyu oror pujriicai laiiRue ; oft^tl la> Jn fact they_trled f(> think
what the General	tone that Is	beaten by	"drumfire,"	over the caprices of an officer with a °f_v_??_,.?Tva„ T/l _ 11 "
would say If he knew what we know ?	where 8 Inch,	6 Inch and	4 Inch shells	suburban tendency to follow the tram
Anyway, you’ve done your bit, pup,	are bursting	with formidable explo-	lines ; over the wistful appeal of the
and court-martials are unsatisfactory	eions, sending showers	of sharpnel	rising sun that dawns for us In vain
tilings."	¦¦	¦	¦	¦¦
Then the surgeon passed on to snatch an hour's sleep out of the long night, leaving a very much bandaged
G
on
An Alcohol Bath
"Then my ears, teeth, hands, toes and back were examined, but for-

those who might faint under examination, but In every way the women

The Germans take no chances with
> ,5-
to-day
Wlfey Mi*Ht Hear.
Bix—Do you ever talk in your sleep?
Dix—Yea, bus I am mighty careful whit I talk about
People who think before they epe.ik
It's good thing to have a temper if you know how to handle it.
###PAGE###8###
IT l$LIC NOT K'K is hereby given of Pont iac, ns lot number eighteen ‘V that the under-mentioned IAN 1)8 and | (18c) of the sixth range of the township TKNEMENTS have been seized, and of Litchfield ;
will be sold at the res|active time and |	(m). Those certain lots of land known
place ment ioned below.
Shop Here For
The ShawTille Boot and Shoe Store
and tlvNcrilnni according to the official plan and in the Lade of reference for the township of Litchfield, in the county of Pontiac, as lota immlicrs twenty-one (21 )
Svpbrior VoVRT I H,,<* twenty four “a (24a) of the seventh
range of the said township of Litchfield together with all the appurtenances thereunto belonging ;
(n). Those certain lots of land known and describ'd according to the official plan and in the book of reference for (a). The undivided half of all those I the village of Campbells Hay, in the certain parcels or tracts of land known I county of Pontiac, as lots miinhers fifty
and tlvscriU‘<l according to the official (50) ami fifty one (51) of the said village I In Table Silver you will llnil here a wonderfully complete lino of
iirXy5 &8A12LZ.................................................... .ml	Il I, I.
Pontiac, as lots numbers eighty three	(<>)• Tlio.sc certain lots of land known M	lnted Wares you	decide upon, W.	Rogers	will	give	almost	the
(S3), seventy seven	(77),	four hundred	and described according to the official service as Sterling,
and thirty (430),	four	hundred and I plan and in the book of reference for1
thirty one (431),	four	hundred ami	the township of Sheen, in the county of I	Wo will assist you	in any	way	we	can,	and	not	urge	that you
sa s S::;..:» r# iz f™1...................................... « *"<**¦ w« ™ ^ «• „
thirty six ( I3t>), four hundred and thirty (21) of the twelfth range of the said yourself seven ( 437), four hundred and thirty ( townshin of Sheen,—with all the mem-eight ( 13s), and four hundred and thirty l*rs and appurtenances thereunto l>e- PHONE 54. eight “a (438a) of the said village of longing ;	»
Hi y son together with the undivided (p) The rear half of lot number three half of all the buildings erected on the 00 i" the third range of the township of almve described pn»|*'rtkw ;	Mansfield, in the county of Pontiac, |
VII those certain imrcels or tracts containing 50 acres of land more or of land situate lying and being in the less together with all the menders and village of Pry son, in the county of Pon- appurtenances thereunto belonging ; tiac and there known and described He- (<i). A part ami juircvl of lot number | cording to the official plan and in the thirteen (13) of the first range of the hook of n-fcivncc for the said village of township of Mansfield, in the county of
Pontiac, containing two and one quarter acres of land more or less being of irregular form, and bounded on the west by the division line between lots thirteen (13) and fourteen (14) of the first range of the township of Mansfield, on the north by the property of one William Liuzon, on the east by the property of Olivier Liuzon and John Lavoie, on the south by the property of one Frank Levesque together with the buildings thereon erected ;
To be sold at the registry office of the county of Pontiac, in the village of
Wedding Gifts.
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS
Province of Quebec» |
District of Pontiac
1180
I THE 1UNK UK OTTAWA, Plaintiff,
I
X
When you get an invitation to a wedding and you undecided as to what form the gift will take, pleaee feel free to conic into this store to look around ; it will help you to make up your mind as well as to give you some idea of the amount of money you wish to spend.
It is not a matter of PRICE with us, but rather we try to stock QUALITY, and sell SATISFACTION.
a re
VS
DAM K .IV 1.1 A ACiXfcs PKRHAVLT.
Defendants.
t vu
NJP
same
As most people know that on account of the recent great advances in the prices of shoes, that they must pay a fair price to get quality and satisfaction.
a matter you can decide
H. SHADEL
But despite the advances we are still selling good shoes at reasonable prices, but our advice is BUY NOW as they are bound to go higher.
?
I
The Shawville Jewelery Store.
I try soi i as lots numliers one liumirtsl an«l eight (lOh), one hundred and nine (lvU), one hundred and titty eight (168), and one hundred and sixty (160), of the said village of Bryson ;
(e). All those panels or tracts of land situate lying and living in the township of Litchfield, and in the county of Pontiac, and there known and describ'd according to the official plan and in the 1mm.k of reference for the said township of Litchfield as lots muniktseleven (11) and twelve “a” (12a) in the first range of the township of Litchfield ;
(d)	. All that i«areel or tract of land Bryson, Qui utuate, 1\ ing and living in the township EIGHTH day of NEITEMBEB, 1616, •f Litchfield, in the county oi Pontiac at TEN o’clock in the forenoon.
• known and described according to the official plan and in the book of reference for the <aid township of Litchfield, in the county of Pontiac, as lot number fourteen ‘V (l te), in the fifth range of the said township of Litchfield, with the buildings thereon erected ;
(e)	. All that parcel or tract of land situate, lying and being in the township of Grand Calumet, in the county of Pontiac, and there known and described according to the official plan and in the book of reference for the said township of ( irand Calumet, as lot numlier six (6) in the first range of Grand Calumet reserve, in the si id township of Grand Calumet ;
(f)	. All those certain parcels or tracts of land situate, lying and living in the township of Litchfield, in the county of
We Can Supply Ton
. . . COMB IN . . . and let us talk it over with you.
. . WITH ALL KINDS OF . .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Reoairing.
Your patronage solicited.
P. E. SMILEY.

on the
G.
VT DALE practical tinsmith
vv . ******** Shawville, Que.
Trespassing Forbidden
WANTED. I want to have my s filled. Quote price.
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.
Bryson, Que., 10th August, 1016. [First published, 26th August, 1910]
Sheriffs ollici
I hereby forbid all parties from trespassing in any manner whatsoever on Lot \ i:i the lm range of Thorne
Your family have Urn pleading with t,l!N ndiip. I’anies toun.l >,».,loing atter
this notice will W» dealt with as the law
directs.
11. N. Axstiss,
Sparks St., Ottawa
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
you for years. Sitting for a portrait is a matter of minutes only—the same efficient methods you demand in your business are observed in ours. Make an appointment to-day
THE MARKETS
FRANK MORIN
Thorne Centre, Aug. 30, 1916.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
SH AWVI1LE
H. l.Miso.N
For Service
Flour per barrel $7.50 Wheat, pel bushel, 80c to $1.25. Oats,per bushel, 45c.
Beans per bushel, $3.50.
Butter tubs, printsand rolls 25c Potatoes per bag. 1.10c.
Eggs per dozen 25c.
Wool, washed. 00c.
Hides per 100 1 bs. 12.00 Pelts 1.00 to 1.50 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskinaeach 1.00 to 1.25 Veal Skins, each 90c
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Local and District.
Pure bred Berkshire hog for service
T< i ms
$1.00 for one sow. #1.50 for two JAS. Mi i.AKXON.
4th Von. Clarendon
Your friends can buy anything you ran give them—except your photograph.
Don't put oft until to-morrow, have a sitting to-day. H. Imisox.
By order-in-eouncil the Government 1ms definitely fixed the date Ottawa, Aug 81.- Jas. Covet
Killed by Policeman
. .	n Pontiac, and there known and désignât
<>f Thanksgiving Day for Monday, .voting fiti mer, of hast Templeton, ed according to the official plan and in
Oct. Utli.	Que., u a» almost instantly k i I led the book of reference for the said town-
siSïÈEis	......•—
A few little ixids and ends about after the killing. The attack was twenty eiyrht a (2*a) ownvjl and oc-the ixist office have been cleared apparently unprovoked and none rupivd by the Canadian Northern, < hit up tills week, and the building i* of the witnesses saw any alteica- ari«> Railway Company for their line of
The
opening will likely be Informal
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Butter, In prints 32c to35c Butter j ii pails to 30c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 30 to 35c Potatoes per bag. $1.25
MEN I
1 railway ;	1
I (g) All that parcel or tract of laud
situate, lying and U ing in the village of | Pork per 100 lbs #11.50 to 15.00
Beef. perlOO lbs, $11 to #15 Oats per bushel 55c
Among those who left Campbells Bay on the SUh for the West were : Vv. ,1. Craig, of Creeniorne, and two daughters, Mrs. Lloyd Maynard, and Mrs. J. B. Slonian, and little son Lionel. Their destination is Webb, Saek
F«'it Cou longe, the county of
Captain Aug. Bibet, who has been	; in the province of Quebec, and known
serving In the French army since the	and descrilied as a portion of lot minibeginning of the war, reached To-	i lier fourteen (l4\ in* the first range in
ronto recently to spend perhaps a	I the township of Mansfield, said county
month of the period he is invalided	,,j pontine, lying and situate on the
on account of the wounds he rocciv-	^,,(1, oa„t side of Boom street, in the
The	Ford	truck,	familiarly	] ed 1° action. He vas tvice in t ie	Nihl village of Fort Coulonge ; lMiiinded
known	as	“ Till Lizzie”, has	been	casualty list. In one case a bullet	i,, f,ont toward* the north west by ano-
mmm Mwm msmMsmm
pletely recovered from the effects of - |*>rtioti of said lot numWr fourteen— number of the members of the Cana-the first Injury, which he received in	with the buildings thereon erected ;	iian expeditionary force who have
the Vosges, he left the hospital to	(h). A parcel or tract of laud one	lost their eyesight as a result of
take part in the fierce fighting in	hundred and twenty feet (120) in depth	heir war service. Various agencies
Champagne. He served for a time as	bv one hundred and twenty feet in	***** been started for the collection
I IVF	Pfllll TRY	WANTFfl	an officer in the 44th French Infan-	„l,h. W ii,L- a portion of lot mm.U-r	** J*™* l1n1orlde,r t0.pr®v1'de1 h1°™ee
LITL	rUUL	n I	nUFIILU.	try and lhen m the 23rd. He had	according to the official plan	lnd -Pedal training for blinded Ca-
™":	£XS.
I online ;1 Bounded the nest b> ..jt g^ould be distinctly under-Uic i«fail leading to Lib liti- ld and ( alu- stood,” said Secretary Scammell, met I-land ferry known a* the terry "that these collections are quite un-
l'wd, Umnded on the east and south by accessary.”
i )w»rtion of lot number four, Uumded The Military HosptJals* Commls-
1 lion Is entirely competent to deal
Served In French Army

Ha v per ton 0.00 to 1100
We are satisfied and positive that we can save you money on your fall and winter requirements of Clothing Furnishings, etc.
'the prosperous canned easily form • right Idea of miser/.* •uulutilluo.
Only Four Blinded Canadians
i
presume it goes by it* réputation. Next we expect to hear of it being converted into some soit of air craft.
By going to market early in the season we were very successful in placing our orders for fall and winter goods at almost the same prices as last year, with a few exceptions, and now we are in a position to offer our stock to the public at as close a figure as possible, as we are not out for long profits. Any goods we have left over from last year were well secured and will be sold at the same old prices.
the great distinction of receiving two greatly coveted decorations, that of the Legion of Honor and that of the War Cross with the Palm were sent to him by General Joffre when he was In the hosptial at Lons u‘ le saulnlers.
Captain Bibet has many friends In	,
where he lived for twelve . on the north by lot nutiilier ont
Now i- tlie time to dispose of your OLI) HENS
young stock comes on the mnrkct and the price drops. The Shaw ville Egg Cin handle Live
Hi in* h- your fou I and \\ #- w ill try and give you sa ti-fact ion.
W. E. X. HUDGINS.
1
before tin
These
le is in a Fowl on
position t< Tuesday
SH
years before the outbreak of the war, | lot miniln*r one is known as the first lot with all blinded soldiers who may being for the last two years of that south of Stevenson» creek and fronting *ome under its care.
period a member of the university said ferry road ;	___ "Up t0 the present four blinded
staff. He speaks in the warmest (i). That certain lot of land known J°ldiers have returned to Canada, terms of the devoted spirit of the and described according to the official °ur onl/; not four hundred or four
smmm
friend, Mr. Rochereau de la SablieTe, .	1 "¦¦¦
I he expressed his regret to find that there are still In Toronto able-bodied j*
Frenchmen of military age who have 1 not answered their country's call. 1
SHINGLES FOR SALE
\
l of first
uality Ne a Brtn Price on

I
wick cedar shir

i
his typewritten etters are a model for many sighted i •!!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ with his friends, who are well to tract* of land known I lo. A third Is suffering from shock cording to the official Mlndnese. and may regain his sight. book of reference for This roan returned from Liverpool
f|m the Hesperian, and when thrown nto the water after the ship was tor->edned he regained his sight temporarily, but has since had a relapse.
turn to
ever
Our stock of Clothing is second to none in Pontiac ; also Sweaters Overcoats Uqderwear (all weights) Sox Hits Cloves Hats Caps etc.
In a large variety.
Call and see us before buying.
H.T. ARGUE,
litwv ill
Another lives on a farm
Tl e undivi led half of all th pin « I
(J
Hid d
I
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
1
I in th

I
in th
I
l'initia
* twenty-four Ik twenty five (23X eighty two (82X
evenly mix (76)— with the one undivided half of erected on the above
» d lot* of laud :
t
A Message From the Sea.
A message from a Canadian troopship was picked up the other day by a coast guard, near the head of Tea-lssa> I ay. Lewis. The MMfl insisted of a bottle ntaining t menu
MHS

Ilf \

r M
Austin - First Tuesday,
Murrells - Third Wednesday,
Elmside - Second Wednesday, r"d ua,d OJ Vth June ,Mt »" * ,
/f I liner that was bringing troops from ki
Bristol, - - First Thursday, -anada °n tb* back of thp «•¦rd u ..e
written :	This bottle was thrown to
Starks Corners, Second Thurs. »**rto.r<i 13®° mllpa ,rom Montreal,
Canada, on the 14th of June, 1915.
Wyman, -	• First Friday.	lt found- Pleaee drop “« » line ad-
1	19	lreseed to Trooper F. Gaunt, 2nd Dl-
Shawville • First Saturday, visional Cavalry. Canadian Expedl-
' ionary Force, Post Office, London. '
Varm - Last Monday,	lf >ou d0 not
«	.	'	Mease write Tro
Of each month.	j-olla. Ont.. Canada.”
tog
Ontario's Edible Fungi.
Forty-fire varieties of edible ungl from Toronto and vicinity were ’ibibtted at the first meeting of the Mycological Society in the Botanical Building of the University of fo-onto a few days ago.
ill Unlearn!
1.1
1
Tt
travt* of land •cording to the look of reference
cental i cri!**d
1 plan mi
I

il
r t ini
mty
f 1
ti.
•n* numiter* »ix four (64) of the said vill

Longboat's Hun.
Tom «Longboat, the famous Indian unner, ran sixty miles to Toronto In wo days to join the Canadian Sporta-nen's Battalion, in which hie old miner for the Marathon, Tom Flana-ty 1 ;an. is a capuin.

,i
t Bn


i
M

ARCHIE DOVER
< 1 ). II
I.
of land k
to '
4 irfereno Id, in the a


an answer, F. Gaunt, Pe-


1 w

p of Lit
