###PAGE###1###
O
No. 10, 34th Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, OCT. M, 1910
$1.00 A YEA It IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
Tfje Merchants Ban(^ of Gaqada
THE HARDWARE STORE f
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : • Ottawa, Canada.
S 4,000,000 4 696,304 66.000.000
Established 1864
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sin II. Montagu Am an VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Dlaucwi:ll MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. V. Hkijden GEN. MANAGER ..	..	I). V. M \< a now
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
;
FALL PAINTING
i
Board ol Directors s
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,250,984 Total Assets
206 Branches and Agencies In Canada.
Money advanced on sale note*, and for stock feeding purposes.
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Saving* accounts can be opened as well by mail s» in person, on which interest is allowed on balances of $1.00 and upwards.
HON. GEORGE BRYSON
JOHN B. FRASER
. .	*7,000,000
President
Vice-President
SIR HENRY N. BATH, RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
ALEXANDER MACLARBN, DENIS MURPHY.
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY
There are many reasons why the fall is the] best time to paint. The fresh paint will not have the scorching heat of summer to contend with until well hardened. There are no spring rains and no flics or dust to settle in the fresh paint.
.. h(j, 190,400
B. C. WHITNEY
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
I). M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager W. DUTHIE, Chief Inspector.
Fort Coulonge Branch - J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch - A H MULHERN, Manager.
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
W. F. DRUM A. A. R E I D

We
have a good stock of Paints, Varnishes, and
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
many
BRIGHTEN UP ” articles, and can give you
Indoors or not, on your travels or at home, Kodak is at your service, logucs furnished upon request I m hon.
Kodaks, I have a nice assortment on I uid at all times supplies,
s|Hjcialtry. H. Imison
( 'ata
Fresh films and Finishing for amateurs a
H
the best goods made in the country. Come in and j see us about it.	:
HENRY’S
“Canada’s Best”
Z1G0WLINC s?r /)/)
from Iiohengrin, nlayed l»y Miss Eva Brownlee, sister of the bride, Following the ceremony a dainty buffet supper was served.
Mr. and Mrs. Seaman w ill make their home at 9357, 107th avenue. Edmonton jmper.
NO PAPER NEXT WEEK.

The staff of this paper pur|>o.se taking their minimi holidays next week, eousetiuently Thr Equity will not be issued. The office, however, will be open for the transaction of business.
Ottawa, Ont.
J. H. SHAW.
OTTAWA,ONT
Our instruction being individual you may start at any lime.
VVe are II KAIXJUAKTBRS for Short hand. Typewriting, Penmanship, Spoil English. Correspondence. Punctuation. Paragraphing. Transcription, and Office Work.
Since January. 1913, more than 205
The Equity learn* from Dr. eldest daughter <>f Mr.and Mrs. R. l>-1 J*"'’*0',">°i her loc-.l college have Armstrong that hU practive here;lln,,L''1 tn marnage to J atadca,» »n> assisted to positions.	,
is shortly to be taken over by Dr. u,i,vn, t	Malgins, second «on of Mr. More than 115 were placed during the >> rite for catalogue and copy of Cowl
Carson Kendal.	and Mrs. S. Hod gins, of Clmrteris, Que. past year—most of them in the Govern-, ings Advocate
The bride, who was given away by her | mc,|t. Send for circular
Tho death occur led on Monday, | mother, was gowned in a white brocad tho 23rd ilist., of Mr. Itobt. Storey, ed silk dress with veil and wreath of aged 80 years, at the residence of, orange blossoms. The bridesmaids Mr. John Caldwell, Bristol. The were Mrs. J. H. Copeland and Miss S.
funeral took place on Tuesday to Hyort, while the groom was supported >> ANTED.—1 dozen Ewes, front Sand Point.	I by his brother, S. L. Ibxlgins. Bev. rEe to five years old.—ÀLKX MelA, ,	... f, IC. L. Mortimer officiated.	I Dill \iL Wyman.
owing to lack ot»i«ue.	enjoyable evening was spent in game» r,M,te PMce* «. N. ANarys.^ --------------------------------------------
dancing, etc. The présenta received by the bride were both numerous and use-
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
m

Hoinunh Swain
-i
ing
A quiet but pretty wedding took place in All Saints church on Wednesday afternoon, when Miss Ethel Swain,
W. A. HODGINS
W. E. Gowmn President.
II. G. W. Hr An ii wait Principal.
I). E. HEXHY. Phksidknt
SHAWVILLB
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Miss Hazel Ballantyne
Seasonable
Requirements.
(Graduate Toronto Conservatory of Music)
Wide. Suite 7. Regina Court, Regina Sank, if interested in the exchange of eastern farm, tor a private residence in l hut City.
an
ful
Personal
Deaths
Mr
and Mrs
Hodgins arrived
Mr, Arthur Dale, Ottawa, was from Melfort, Kask., wl they in town for a day or two last week, married, on Saturday, < )vt. 14.
were A re-
a,,, ça,,,,.,, »	..... ^
Hodoinm—Sew	|	ZICK
.....	.. ..	, .. r, the late XV m. Shirley, of Swan in connection. Apply to M. Prkndïk
At the home of Mr. and Mrs. George Lake, Manitoba, formerly of Bris-! oast, Shaw ville.	,
visit Ncw of	on Wednesday after- tol, by whom he is survived and
• Al aJ/vdy sinî ir^ling. jtn.hri! nmWrÏ.ul	..^“norlh MdeVf	C *
...	...	„	„	....	,,	. eldest daughter Lydia Vina (Vina) was	rShawvllle. A good summer kitchen.
sfijsriâSy	'• AS £21 jms	vsarss ss&zsi mix
Comforters Wool Blankets Flannelette “
Men’s Wool Underwear Suit 2.00
$1.75 to $10.00 4.50 to 6.00 1.25 to 1.50
par
Miss
Miss Muriel Beamish, in Renfrew
INS
The Misses Louila Armstrong and Pearl McDowell were in Ottawa for a few days last week.
The editor is enjoying a from his brother and wife, XV
and Mrs. Cowan, of Toronto
f -	11« m ns of Shaw ville, Quo. found in ft dying condition on " _ —
Mr. Earl York, of Ottawa, has Directly at the hour they took their Tuesday morning hist by Mr. (JUN( RE I’KCULVKRTh. PIPES AND
Mr. Earl Elliott who has been in delseohn’a wedding march played by *',e *hhii was lying under some li. T McDowell A Son. Shaw ville Que. the West during the pnst three her sister Miss Lula New. The groom J	0,11 * *H>. 1OM^ '?i a
8a°t"tXy.ret"rned l°	OI‘ brîde'wa» 'l^iù'tifûTly'«.Vw'.i.-d"in ' whVt.-	'tatr in whij-li^htj wi.*, Ii.- George Tarpain. Formerly of
iBiespi*
Campbells Bay on Saturday, where performed the ceremony. As the couple |	late liotir Inatnight and again this
she spent the oast three week» ft were unattended, other than by the i MEMORIAL SERVICE morning.	* .	"	6
guest of Mrs. James Rooney.	flower girl, the bride's sister, Miss Lulu	v au»,	Tin pain was an experienced
New, and Mr. Hilliard Guest of Oueen’s At the evening service of the boom man and resided with his Line acted rh witnesses, Miss Lulu he-	Methodist Church, the sacred	wife and one child at Eburne. lie
ing gowned in navy blue messaline silk,	edifice was filled far beyond its	was lest seen on a boom of logs
([While the bridal couple were receiving seating eaparity Sunday last, with «bout 11.15 o’clock Thursday morn Carson—Palmkr	the congratulations of the friends, Mrs.	ft large audience indicating the	*nK. und ft few minutes later it
A quiet wedding was	solemnized in Turner of Renfrew presided at the	general sympathy which goes out	was noticed that he Inid disappear-
t he Rectory, Shaw ville, on Sept. 27th, piano, ami while the register was being to the bereaved family of XVilmer *'d. I he tide was high at the time 1916, when Elsie Carson, of Austin, la signed, her husband, Sergeant Turner, £. Armstrong, who now lies peace- Hudit is believed that he slipjied
"”p	“ «ÿ%r.:f » SSJSsaïstE
a ruby ring and to the witnesses a gold prient.	North Fraser on Wednesday,
Ska mam—Brown iff	bmo« h and a pair of gold cuff inks rr The sermon was pi cached by while working at the Shull lumber
WKAMAN- IJROWNLK*	apectively The very many beautiful R«v. Mr. McNeil, of Cohen ; taking mill, Burnaby, was recovered tie
The marriage of Eleanor, the third present* betoken fht high ex term in for his text. John XV- 13: day near the Issmi from which he daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Brown which the bride and groom are held. ^Greater love hath no man than fell. The body was removed liy lee, to Kenneth Richard Seaman, second The same evening the young couple ac this, that a mail lav down his life the Burnaby police to New West-son of Mr. and Mrs. R. Seaman of Liste»- con,|*4i,ied by many of the friends, for bis friends.” Being intimately minister where an inquest will Ik? wel, Ontario, was quietly solemnized at motored to the groom's comfortable acquainted, Mr. McNeil was in a lie Id, probably on Tuesday. —The the home of the bride’* parents, 10003 home near Haley's, where a large re- position to testify to the many Province, (Vancouver) Oct ~ fi.lrd street, on Wednesday evening of ception of the many friends here was qualifications of manhood exeni-Oetobcr 4th, Rev. Mr. Galloway of given them, the bride travelling in a plihed and the rhilstian spirit the
Grace Metodist church officiating.	navy blue serge suit opening over a y<mng man posses-ed.	Death of Mise Mary Galvin.
The bride, who was given away by white all-over lace blouse, with white . ^2#^ nicely rendered solos one	of Arnprior
her father, wore a tailored suit of mid- hat. After congratulations were ex-	l rM»IJ ,‘,'d ibe i ibei »y	—
tke bri.kgroom * gift, a wt of white fox lunche-m pn.v.M by the Kn*.m », tl„. *i,„*-re »ym,»,(hy „f ||W nr*«t, at tho hr» nt M y«r-. ntu r
...	.	.	jnotner,	if’*	ne all join m whole <N>iumnnity goes out to Mr. an illness extending over a period
The wedding party entered the |»ar- wishing Mr. and Mra. H ^|g,ns a bright ami Mi*. Armstrong ami family in of two years. Deceased wn* very Jor to the strains of the Wedding Chorus and prosperous future.	¦ the great loss they have sustained. popular in town.
These are great values now all under present wholesale prices.
, Hosiery Very Scarce
We have a fair stock of
Child’s and Boys’ Stockings
Worsted and Wool at moderate prices.
Married
Just received
A few pieces good Navy Prints
at 18c. per yd.
NEXT WEEK’S SPECIAL
TOWELLING
Our good 15c. Crash for 12ic. a yard.
Price good till our next ad. only.
W. A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###
li!
suffused her face as she read the
:t baki i
For a Quick Pick-Up
Luncheon try that most
delicious, nourishing, whole wheat food, Triscuit, the shredded wheat wafer-toast. It contains • all the bodybuilding material in the
words:
“You speak of Milly. You little know the harm your lightly-spoken words have done. It was no jest to her. The poor girl loves you, thinks of you every second of her beautiful Dick Trevor read tin* letter through life, and year silence caused her w again, then crumpled it in his hand. \ worry herself into an illness from “Dear old Dick,—Just a line to tell, which we feared she would never rea single
a
A Splendid Liar
m
V
/
l

i
i
I
i
¦


m ¦ ¦ =¦ i


e
iV

you all is well with yours always as cover this leaves me ut present. 1 am glad As if Milly ever gave me
it is the place thought, or ever could!
May you t>v happy, Tom ! I sup
whole wheat grain, including the bran coat which pro- j1 Cttme out t0 Canada
motes healthful and natural ,	You pose you sinned from want of know,.
Dowel	movement. It IS	real	! dii^not have to trouble about the cash,	edge rather than by intent; but I am
Whole	Wheat bread without	How’s Milly Barton ? Does the cook-	in distress when I keep the news of
yeast	baking powder	or	inK 11 s well as ever ? That brings me	your marriage from her, dreading
i !	« f * \ . ,	to the most important point. 1 have	what will happen when she knows, for
chemicals of any kind- an got married, old man, and Clary is then----"
ideal food for children be- the sunniest girl ev%, born. My love
cause it compels thorough mastication and ensures perfect digestion. A crisp, tasty “snack” for picnics or excursions. Toast in the oven and serve with butter, soft cheese or marmalades.
Made in Canada
mm
are

F
CONTAINS NO ALUM - MADE IN CANADA
i
The girl drew back, a deep sigh escaping her. TrOfOr stirred, murmur-There was a deal more, which did ] ed a word her name. She glided not signify.
His love to Milly was on Dick Trevor’s face
MIRACLES OF
WAR SURGERY
TROOPS or ATTACK
to Milly
well as anybody else! My dear Milly what do you mean?”
“It is hard to explain
ii,	I	. v ..	. girl. “But I am thinking of a man
*-~ssaass sæ ..................................................._—
I suppose there was no such thing %	hto Work* ‘ WMt *° d° regiment and division acted In the
a'SZrSr- -.................................... h
changed so much during the past few	that9 You are not an- training for a prize tight. T t y a j \ isits paid to military hospitals in
| “Nothing to boast about, sir.” said weeks, and he did not understand. I	,	«.» :' , tv,	as she Kreat athletic fields, where t ey P ». Kngland show that the ravages of
ïiÆrîi iX 7m", c	i?	-
-wondering how it is he hasn't writ- Milly watched him. a quaint little !	' ^	j»funghe) a look their amusement. While things are
ten. Ah, Canada must be a woeful smile at the corners of her mouth, as ^^ ^ ^ averting his gaze.
“Then talk to me. ]
I'aed Only For
back to her accustomed place. When A stony look Mrs. Barton came in it was to see
Special Divisions
Charges on Trenches
said the
what Milly Barton hoped
her mother had looked after the tire's glow
rooms Trevor had shared with Tom *	*
AN ARM
Col Iyer, and had since kept on alone
Bullet Taken From a Lung and Shrapnel From the Heart.
THEY MUST FIND SUBSTITUTES
ket

How's Milly this evening?” he
asked
GF.ltM VNY IS NOW IN A
BAD POSITION.
Limbs are being saved which for
I quiet at the front they are kept in as mor|y would have had to come off ' perfect physical and mental condition for gangrPnt.f and cripples are Wing
.bo., .bo	,.U u„U to hefore	.< ...» '	STS? tCxiSI
front need men for a charge against ilM(1 t^,. nvw antiseptic treatments Herman trenches across the shell- ^uve resulted in mirscle*. swept open fields, word is sent back. gome 0f the successful operations for these special troops. 1 he needed performed are little short of the mira
told off, they are loaded culous
place!
Trevor sat down on a rustic bench and
please! Talk
“She ought to have a chan g Trevor, as he sat down.
said began to fill his pipe.
“How strange that Tom should not “There's no change for folks like have written!" she said, her eyes Milly and me," replied Mrs. Barton, misty now.
“If it wasn't for you stopping on, sir No more convincing testimony to I j tjon't know where we should be now the effectiveness of our sea meas
Wood Meal One of Things Hermans
Have Tried to Find Palatable.
“About Tom?"
“No; it wasn’t Tom Coll y or at all,
hut somebody quite different whom 1
... cared for—the man who was a friend you are getting in ^ sad days, the man who proved
so true and great, the man who lied
Trevor looked up.
“Next mail, perhaps," he said blunt “1 do declare
for people don't seem to need lodgings lv
number art	, _¦¦
into automobiles, carried swiftly to Qne resourceful surgeon at the the front, singing and eager; they Rova| Herbert Hospital at Shooter's
-rfrC-"- SssSESS R SsKSarr
•hsAbssss s rH
afternoon.
He asked that the limb, a healthy should be put at once in a saline hath and brought to him by taxi. He had his patient ready under an anaesthetic on the arrival of the limb, still blood warm, and promptly transferred four inches of nerve from the amputated leg to the arm of the patient, Heavy Hun Firing Hus Driven Came wjth the best results.
ures against Germany can be ceived than that afforded by a study of the advertisement columns in ' look
of that
con
stronger
“Time 1 did, 1 should say!" said the girl, seating herself at the man's side. “1 have been ill so long that the work —well, mother has been doing the
any more.
Trevor gave the speaker an odd
for
the leading newspapers country.
In the remote days before the war
. “Is Milly well enough to see me to I night?" he asked.
“Oh, if you would come and talk to best she could, but of course she can-lumns were filled with matter her, sir! It always does her a power not do everything.' She clasped her
Tom as hands in her lap and looked at the
flowers in the grass. “I mean to make
the-*1
which differed only slightly from cor- of good, you knowing Mr responding columns in British journ- you did." aim. The stress of war away up in
go
all
needs them.
What the French have done Her and the British have done like These “troops of attack
“Dont you? Yet you know the
man 1 mean
Milly Barton was lying back on the up now th< mists of the northern seas, haw couch in the neatly furnished sitting given an entirely different complexion room as Trevor entered. She started asked Trevor to them. The wants of the German up as he crossed to her, holding out People can't help being ill nation now are not what they were his hand.	!	“1 could!" said Milly intently. “
18	months ago. The	eager demands ‘«No,	stay as you	were, please."	have	been thinking about	you	stop
of	purchasers all over the gamut of	said the man, taking	the chair at her	ping	down here working	so	hard.
desire have been concentrated into side and g ing at her sadly.	Riverdale isn't such a nice place a- all ..Thon pioase explain, fair lady, for
one strident and uniform demand — Milly Barton was really pretty, and that—to make a man like you remain ^ it I am very dense to-day." the demand for food. Before the war something more, for there was sym- here always when there is the great ..you_yOU showed me once that I we never encountered the advertise- path y and understanding in her grey world outside."	something to you," she whisper-
ments of traders in search of food, or eyes.	“The great world is just wherever
advertisements from those with food “How good of you to come ami talk we choose to put it." said Trevor, to	sell. To-day the	advertisements	to me,	Mr. Trevor!"	she murmured	with	a sideways glance at	his	com
good indication	of the grinding	softly.	I know how	busy you are.	i-anion. “Not taking to	philosophy
nation. | Is there any news?
You know him quite
What are you worrying about
You have been
mans wise.
a development of modern warfare World's Work.
one
iii we"
arc
You don't mean
••I'm afraid I —
the doctor's son—the handsome C.vof
I
f rev ?
?
Of course
Oh, how silly you are
XFFKVTS ANIMALS
not
Out of War Zone
Operation—Then a Smoke
----	-	, Some curious and interesting oh
ed, “and you—it was like coming >av servati0ns upon the psychological ef to life—I knew the truth, knew that ^ produced on animals by the de all the rest was only a stupid mistake,
and if you care still-----"
She gave a sigh, then came the
Oh, Dick!*
Many thousands of persons every
day are being given anaesthetics, and
within a quarter of an hour of the tonations of big guns have been re-, completion of anaesthesia, after un
cently made. The animals considered operation which may have lasted
ns are the horses and dogs used for mill- thrc<, or four hours, the patient can
__ tary purposes, and the game in the ^ brought round completely enough
area of warfare. It was noticed soon to enabje him, if he wishes, to smoke
after the beginning of the war that, ^ figarette.
the latter began to migrate into Lux
re a
pi, sure on the Gentian “Prime sunflower oil" takes the place of olive oil, one of n score of sub-
are you, Milly?"
“No; 1 am not clever, like you." Trevor shrugged his shoulders.
•‘x Turn was a brilliant, ready talker, a * :un ("	«lue* *&*!# to squ*-< in
is gpien interpreter of the superficial* A11^ the •	rage, and I assure you
there was an awful crowd at tin- en-
Trevor nodded. He knew—how well that Tom Col Iyer was her hero.
murmured words Trevor gathered her in his arms
London Answers.
some of which must be Pure linseed oil
Stlt’lt
tremely nasty
chemically deprived of its peculiar taste by the “Coni ntal I Fac [questioned the girl
f Birkesdorf (Rhenish Prus- has to about all the business. He
Two of the most remarkable opera-emburg, Switzerland, and the portions tiona performed have succeeded in
of France and Belgium not the seat of removing a bullet from a pan's lung she criedJ Maoris Pledge Revenge for Losaes In hostilities.	j„ the one case and a piece of shrap-
The first to flee was the "black ntq from a man’s heart in the other.
A-, -, ########%#,
not go away, because it would be so	the Cabine en ai .	hare, whose timidity is proverbial.	ig on thc point of leaving hospital
........
hers. “You see, while I was ill there parliament ci iri exi *¦	, as the grouse, the pheasant, the sea- p]ained 0f sevCre pain in the region
was time to think such a lot, and this t0 c”ntl"u® . p	ros , eagle, and the wild duck, were driven of the heart especially when he bent,
place—you must find it very dull."	when DoCt°	away by the heavy firing.	I ,nd he had greal diffiCulty in walk-
"Never, on my life!"	**”“	. „ .	hr(,,_e<i stir the Strange 10	the wolf- which ing. The rays showed a hard sub-
Milly regarded him steadily.	T°."d L. .raves	of mine	and wa" exPorted to	lo8t ground	sUnc# at the hack 0f the heart, and
"Thafa because you never think of	grasses overg »	in the present war, has	shown itself	the surgeon |n the course of the
-.-m 1	E=	EK£r?J2? 5	EBr - ™ -
beast, like most of the others."	him thetap'ayl,'>°n	c	'	JJht about	not been driven away by the thunder	penny—with his fingers. Air was
“You can tell me that, but you are	*revrnga) has p.V fhat	reason	the.	of lhe cannon' end. continue to hold	pumped into the man's lungs through-
only laughing at me, and 1-1 have	for thedead;	*”.. „ .	, ,h	war | their nesta and silig their songs in	out- and a„ other precautions were
been wondering how mother and 1 can	Maor\s d£	"a‘ ..	inflexible a3 | their accustomed haunts.	Other birds	taken to keep him alive during this
¦ws ros	î sc	cz, SM-
---------. . tr- 111
British flag. The spirit of Rewi and i BOOKS ( ABB Y NO DISKASK.	Making New Faces.
other big fighters live in the Maori	"	In the Third Ixmdon General Hos
to-day, and he cries in the same spirit E xperiments Dispel S uperstition I hat pju, at Wandsworth are 1,600 pa
of defiance, ‘Ake! Ake! Ake!' (forever	Leaves Attract Germs.	tients.
and forever)."	1 Old superstitions that books are An A.R.A., with the rank of lieu-
In calling for vengeance for the carrfer!l 0f disease seem to have been tenant, can be seen here patching up Maori dead Doctor Pomare had par- dispelled for once and all by experi- damaged faces by means of masks ticular reference to the handful <>f ments recently made in London.	and making plaster casts. The arti
soldiers of his race who, with a few We all know tbe fam||iar argument fleial coverings are formed in copper,
white New Zealanders, reached, *fter that Mr So-and-So caught this or then silvered, and painted a flesh desperate fighting, and held for a few tbat by readln-minutes during the Suvya Bay opera
He ha written to you again
Of course he tran
BRITALS MUST WIN
The girl laughed.
“How splendid you are “Thank you, dear lady, for your Kind and encouraging words! 1 shall
sia -, ami to th. oil > purified is add oti “that peculiarly which the best Italian oil possesses
would not have time to write to me, 1
the Great War
lelicate flavor
know, not since those wonderful let tens he sent me when 1 was ill
He:
I like remember them next Ume something
eyes searched the man's face
t.» think of them. I remember every occurs to annoy me word."	“But hut—"there were tears close
Xrtificial Honey
We are fascinated by a wonderful
array of “artificial honeys fascination lies in their mystery. We wonder what they are. what those ingredients are which those wizzards of chemists have excogitated. In the Berliner Tageblatt, Ernst Colditz, of Leipzig, advertises four distinct varieties of this honey Resembling lard; (3) Fluid; (4) Powder. They are all “excellent," and they possess an “unapproachable natural aroma
tory, Apis, of Namslau sells honey powder at fid. a packet
both of them “analyzed by Dr. Way,[was time-expired in front of the fire of Breslau
Trevor nodded
'
“Tom's all right," he said gravely. “There is a message for you. He thinks about you."
It was well to carry on the deception. The doctor had let him know that much pretty clearly, for the poor girl had nearly died.
“Of course it is a hard life out there," he added.
Milly's hand fluttered towards him.
“Tell me all," she said quietly love to hear. "
In thc second case the man com
(1) Solid; (2)
No
The “Nutriment Fac
in Silesia
I
the size of a half
warn
Mrs. Barton placed an iron wltfe-h
and went slowly out of the room
“It ig a wonderfully big country
Of course, the great trouble la to 1 farm of hundreds and hundreds of get something to spread on the war- leH He ifl ready to laugh at the
bread. This war-bread is not \*ry I Qjd Country now, because he thinks
1 éeeSIü I^
ami that is where the artificial L, made its home; and Milly nestled	beats me why the daughter of a
honeys and jams and artificial mar- hack amidst the cushions, a smile of landiady shouldn’t have a doctor as germes, etc., come in. Better the fatoroat on her lips.
most artificial of honeys than plain, [ Suddenly she looked at Trevor errnduIterated war bread by itself..	,, g0 good of y6U » ghc seid wilt.
I l* ® recipe for artificial honey ^||y »gut ; must not keep you from advertised by the manufavtuier o ur work j know you have to write •ne of the ingredients: “Two pound*	, can here and think-
of sugar, half-pint of water, and a , about Canada and England and—and package of Salus Honey Aroma. | sM have said. You have been so Dissolve over a fire, boil briskly and let cool. The result is easily digestible, and tastes as good as bees' honey."
Famine of Fat
Tom has
»
you casually ments."

He
an old book that old c°lor. • |	^g_ I
I	I ,	. Mr. Such-and-Such read a few months ! Photographs of men taken before
tions, a position from	which they.	before he died with the same disease.	and	after "restoration" disclosed
could see the central	Dardanelles,	^ow we are told that germs cannot	some	truly astonishing successes.
This, it is said, was the	utmost point	|	jjVf jn gurb surroundings as are of-	That	an ex-Guardaman who had his
reached by any of the Allied troops in	fered by dry pages of books, says	nosc	and tk# lower portion of his
the Gallipoli campaign.	Farming Business, and that sneezing, f*ce shot away should be now follow
coughing and talking while reading a in* * useful occupation, with his inbook do not make that book a carrier juries so effectively masked as to be of the disease the reader may have, scarcely distinguishable, is a striking The definition of the newly-coined Washings from books read by tuber- proof of what mechanical skill can word “Anzac may still puzzle some < ular patienta were fed to guinea people. The word is formed of the , but none developed the disease.
! initials of the following:	“Australia j
New Zealand Army Corps." And the An sacs will ever be remembered by a grateful Mother Country for the yonderful work they did in Gallipoli,
! and the splendid services they are now rendering in France
N
AFTER A DAY OUT DOORS
You can prevent chapped hands
and bps by using
Her eyes filled with I hardly know how to thank
kind to me!
trarsHUi
Vaseline
you!"
Trevor bent over her.
“Don't cry, little girl!" he said, as
"Ansae."
What is Wood Meal?
These chemists. We produce the advertisement of one of them offering his services to the public.
What is wood meal or flour? We find it advertised in the Berliner Tage Matt" and in other journals of less note. It is not sawdust. It is clearly an article of food. Some months ago A professor of chemistry declared that there were unsuspected stores of nutriment in wood and straw, and that a	,	_
Slight admixture with potatoes and i ment* ^cr hand resting on tha bark of
a chair. Then she went carefully towards the door.
“Why, he's asleep!" she cried. “He has been working much too hard She stooped over him, to see the commencement of a letter lying before him—a letter In which her name was mentioned- -end a crim
he left.
From the kitchen t ame the sound of . washing-up. The fire was burning low. Milly sat up and put her hand to her eyes. In the room beyond she saw Trevor seated at his desk.	1
"I wonder if there is anything I could send Tom," she said to herself. | “Mr. Trevor never told me his ad 1 dress. I will ask him for it."
accomplish
Camphorated
Cream
P‘gs
Substitute for Gold
Worth While
A substitute for gold is obtained by combining 94 parts of copper
At an evening party two men,	_
strangers to each other, began chat- with •»* parts of antimony and add ting. Presently one indicated a lady inff • little magnesium carbonate to across the room and remarked :	\ increase the weight. It la said that
‘What a beautiful woman that is this alloy can be drawn, wrought and over there!’	. soldered very much like gold, and
"Glad you think so," replied the oth- that It also receives and retains a er, with a smile. “She i# my wif^“ golden polish. It ia worth something
__	"Then 1 congratulate you, old chap, like 26 cents a pound.
, h * wife)—The nurses here are a very It must be quite a pteaaun ,
' plain let—	wary argument to a woman like
None—Oh. come, I say, that's not that."
It allers all irritât ices of the
hold m clean, handy tin tubes
at ches»ist> getwral st«
, deportment and everywhere.
She rose slowly and stood a mo
Knew The Effect.
Tommy (dictating letters to lie sent
rye need not necessarily be indigestible. Is this wood meal the response?
Unkind.
“They say that ignorance is bhss." “How perfectly blissful you must
CHE5EMOUGH MFG CO.
He's proud of his boy, isn't he?
1 should say so He thinks the people are too busy to attend world ia just* waiting for him to grow to their own business.	| up and settle all its difficulties.”
very polite to us.
Tommy ~ Never mind, nurse, put it down

A
I

It’ll please her
flush
I

###PAGE###3###
m

1
»
outside the house, hut against the kitchen, with a sliding door arranged in the wall so that the household supply can be replenished without the usual cold out-of-door journey.
The walls, up to the eaves, are of timber—f> and 7 inch logs “sided” down to 6 inches at the saw mill at Foleyet, made snug and comfortable by caulking with oakum. The cornice is carried entirely around to provide a “bell-cast" end. Windows there are in plenty, and on the upper floor a ten-foot wide dormer window furnishes natural lighting for the sew... ing-room, while on the opposite side, an. in the blood. This i. a medical a win(jow eight fe,t wi(le, provide, for !
truth that every rheumatic sufferer the bathroom and Rtair.wny. The should realize. There i. only one way whjte „ande(1 roofi u firepro„f, and j to cure rheumatism—it must be trea - lhe go]i(, construction of the houses cl through the blood. All the lim- appea|ed to the Canadian Northern j ments and rubbing and so-called elec- executjve officers as an added protec- ; trie treatment in the world will not tion againBt this danger in the north. | cure rheumatism, and the sufferer geaver board supplies the interior
H»come more firmly rooted in tin s>s- ^s a general rule the plan has been mg or Muscles. Stops the lameness and tern and harder to cure when the pro- |*olloweci of placing each house at the	pain from a Splint, Side Bone of
per remedy is tried. Dr. Williams Pink ,jde of a g00d sized lot, to facilitate ' If bone sP»vln' No blister no half Pills have had remarkable success in thc planting of th(. remainder to gar- A	be	U *
sA’Ssftss-Sfi itt-aj .t ajssssBueijasi
blood, driving out the poisonous acid, move the new towns to take up ABSQRBINE, JR,, the antisentic liniment for i Ic.in ng tliv stiffened joints, clearing residence, are expected to constitute Mankind, reduces Strained!, Torn Llga away the torturing pains and giving l4 fairly goo<| market and it is under-	.V&a",£r?3
the victim renewed health and ease. sj00(j that the Ontario Government is b os«s#ei*#«dMki#ors#Nwr#d cvMerrc" ir-« Mr. Vincent Brow, Havre Boucher, N. surveying, and will later throw open *• F<	816 Biig, Wontrsel, C«%
S„ says: “For two years I was an al- t0 aettlement a township contiguous	Mi Umm- *- —	» CMtm‘
most constant "offerer from rheuma- to the town of Foleyet and another to ‘ »and j will tell her all about your hor-
.t * ’ tbe t.roub e. bemg, *° bat' at «orne Payne, in the great clay belt. rible disposition, you may be sure.”
. m C°	-carcely gat about , The Canadian Northern officers are ..Ah> madame, you mean to betray
The trouble seemed to bring with it confident that the building of these me!>. he cried reproachfully, anaemia, and altogether I was in a homes will mark the beginning of a |t in your voicev very bad condition. I used doctor’s new era |n the New North. First medicine for almost a year without there should follow the stores to cater relief. Then on thc advice of a friend to the needs of the town dwellers, and 1 decided to try Dr. Williams Pink then settlers to take up the adjacent Pills. I think 1 took altogether about ]and, because of the inducement of a a dozen boxes, with the result that I good market, and the advantages of am again enjoying perfect health."
You can get these pills through any medicine dealer or by mail, post paid, at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock ville, Ont
VANCOUVER A GREAT PORT
THE ONLY WAY TO CURE RHEUMATISM
RELIEVE HEADACHES WITHOUT DOSING
*
:
I
TRAPPERS!
‘‘Made ill Canada
+ ;
( ity will Spend $5,000,000 and the C.KR. $1,500,000 on New Wharves.
The Canadian Pacific ham plana for wharvea at Vancouver which will coat $ 1,500,000. These plana will dove tail into those which the city contemplates to carry out at the port. The latter is growing in value
Many headache* are of a neuralgic **** bigm-ss all the time. Then- is origin. The symptoms of such head	complaint from shippers of
achea are Intern and lingering pains congestion, for Vancouver is becom-In the brow, temples or back of the ing a great port. The city is going bwad	to spend $5,000,000 on wharf exten-
'Thf-n* la one certain relief that has Hjon jn the immediate future, and the
X % S2.7T5C£* ÔZ ™““7	.......
application and the dull pain la pracM hHH P,Hn" for » further extension of rally gone. It Is easily applied with the wharves which it will use for its out rubbing Rubbing Is unnecessary, own business. Both east and west as Sloan's Llnlmout quickly peno the Canadian Pacific Railway has now fraUis to the scat of the trouble	for its shipping interests, facilities
.jr&jr&wSr*: -nrr, *
end Miff ne.* <*u .Isu In. moe. ef ™*	in.lependenee making for
fecUvely treated with Sloan's Uni- better Rn,‘ mon‘ efficient service in ment. (’leaner than mussy plasters | the ocean carrying business, which or ointments ; It does not H’ain the skin or clog the pores.
At all drug stores, 26c , 50c., $1.00.
S on d your
RAWFURS
UJOHN HfllLAM
By Applying Sloan’s Liniment to Forehead You Can Stop the Severe Pains.
Mu. t Be Treated Through the Blood and the Poisonous Avid Driven Out.
RAINCOATS
hlgkee* «tfb erlew. W# eeud mmmr *• mmmémf lk« fere ere
SeMrassiJSgs 6ïs
(Mil ei Uiftn le C*o*ie wiio ml lb#li
paSgSwAyz:
fee witlslw We b«f wre frâfrea 1rs»per.
LLAM Limited
The twinges and tortures of rheumatism are not due to cold, damp weather as so many people suppose. Rheumatism comes from poisonous
Best for quality, style and value. Guaranteed for all climates.
FREE
)
I free m
JOHN
202 Hallam Building, Toronto
Ask Your Dealer

ABSORbine
*	TPAni MARK RfUU.S PAt.OFF,
Didn’t Say What Kind.
,	, She (pouting) Before we were
the company ha* notably extended marrie<1 you Hai(j \ was a dream.
during the past few year*. The fleet	He—Yes, but don’t forget that
of the company now numbers, all told, there ar(. „„me pretty bad dreams, over ion vessels : hut it has espscially strengthened its Atlantic and Transpacific service in latter years—recognizing, as it did, the possibilities of increased exchange between this coni' tinent and Europe and Asia, an intimacy and largeness of communication | which, somewhat hurt by the resuming their urgency and importance from day to day.
or delivered. De.
Sloan's
Liniment
üranulafed Eyelids,
Eyes inflamed by exposure to Suo, Dusl and Wl|| uifkly relieved by Hurls# yeRercrdy. No Smarting, Just Eye Comfort At Your Druggist's SOc per Bottle. Murine f y# SslveinTubes25r. ForBaok #1 »hrf yePreeaik Druggists orMui1seEycBeHieiyCs.,CÉlci|ê
Sore
Eyes?
K/LLS P/un
war, are
TERRIBLE CLERICAL PARENT
He Owned Up
h*"	T-,;:;‘rv,L,r"k H', chard the children	,, u.
FROM AUTUMN COLDS
*Tve spent
"You certainly do!” she assured him
It is related of the Queen of Den-shamelesaly. “I am going to betray mark that she once paid a visit to you into matrimony, and be best man and bridesmaid rolled into one!”
--	the amateur sportsman
The fall i* the most severe season time and money getting to a place
of the year for colds—one day warm where the likelihood of catching fish
was no whit greater."
the Danish colony of Iceland, where the good old bishop exerted himself to the utmost in her entertainment.
Hi.i most	successful effort in	that	f lc nex* 18	WPt an<i co^ an^ unless
direction, it	is stated, followed	upon mother	is on her guard the	little
the explanation of a mistake which	ones are s<*ize(i with colds that	may
had at first	greatly scandalized	his	hang on all	winter. Baby’s Own	Tab-
lets are mothers best friend in pre-
And she kept her word.
i adequate shipping facilities.
Drink Hot Water For Indigestion
Miiiard's liniment Cures Dandruff
Handsomest Cathedral
In a Safe Place.
_	...	.	. ..	—	First undergraduate- H * you
The Queen paid many compliments venting or banishing colds. They act telegraphed to the old man for
to her host, and having learned that 88 « *<?ntle laxative, keeping the bow- money?
he was a family man, graciously in-	els *nd stomach free and sweet. An , Second	undergraduate_Yes.
quired how many children he had.	occasional dose will prevent colds or	Firat	undergraduate—Got	any an-
It happens that the Danish word	if it does come on suddenly the	swer9
for "children" is almost identical in	prompt use of the Tablets will quickly
Mexico City, the capital of Mexico, is a town of some historic interest,
- j while its cathedral is regarded as the	A Physician's Advice.
handsomest church on the American "if <j\si>f piles, sufferers from gas. wind continent. The foundation stone of or flatulence, stomach acidity or Hour! this edifice was laid in 1593 on the would take a teaspoonful of pure The C.N.R. Is Building Up-to-Date Bite of a former heathen temple. The btsurated magnesia In half a glass of
national museum is filled with treas- would soon forget they were ever ar-
ures of Aztec civilization, and various	"Id" h:Tt:"„.ok%w%r,%;
, .	...	.	. memorials of the hapless Maximilian patiente lu explanation of these
arfatrjrt-'ji-tjs; sjisaafeTSBrasa
a rri	r set;
2wi.iZ.nd oTpiZ'ng 1.E	*“* °T—-	'
! stops food fermentation, the combination of the two. therefore, being marvelously successful and decidedly preferable to the use of artificial dlges-tente. stimulants or medicines for Indigestion.
royal mistress
HOMES FOR EMPLOYEES.
Second under graduate-—Yes. I telesound with the Icelandic word for cure it. The Tablets are sold by medi- graphed the governor. "Where is that
"sheep," and the worthy bishop cine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a money I wrote for?" and his answer promptly answered "Two hundred." box from The Dr. Williams Medicine "Two hundred children!" cried the Co., Brockville, Ont.
Queen. "How can you possibly maintain such a number?"
"Easily enough, please your Majesty," replied the prelate, with a | Growing Use of the American Mown cheerful smile. "In the summer I turn them out upon the hill to grass, and when the winter comes I kill and eat them."
Homes in New Ontario
The Canadian Northern Railway is
reads, "In my pocket."
Young scorpions eat their mothers.
WOOD FOR PIPE-MAKING
tain Laurel Root

are intended to provide satisfactory p /l . LIU t accommodation for the employees of hftlf I	IIPAlflPQQ
the road and their families, who will,1 Vl V<U<U 11,<U I/vaillCOO
and Head Noises
A sale of a large quantity of mountain laurel roots from one of the na-
tional forests in the Southern Appalachians is reported by Government officials in charge, who say that the roots _ will he used to make pipes. The mountain laurel root is similar in appearance to the French briar, which the majority of pipe smokers are said to prefer. The French briar is the root of the white heath, or "bruyere.”
These roots are gathered in large quantities, and after being cleaned and sawed into blanks they are placed in hot water and simmered for 12 hours or more. This process gives them the rich hue for which the best ^
pipes are noted. It is said that in at me
tatlone
be living at these centres. The conditions of occupancy have been made so
lhat J,1 wi,L be * comparatively „ere ln Amerlos there „ much euf. simple matter tor the L.N.K. em- faring from catarrh and head noise*. A lady admirer of Kipling's works
ployees to virtually own outright the	Sid TZS ft" h,° iSSS! had long wished to meet the author
towns, Brent, ( apreol, roleyet, Horne HhH to combat this inxidtou* dinta*#. and at last her desire was gratified. Payne and Jellicoe. where the com-	%% %%%:.She was frankly disappointed
pany house-building operations are those suffering from catarrh in Eng- —you are Rudyard Kipling?" Mr.
, .	, M	.ee^.rmiafo™in*M2 Kipline ¦emw^ something. -Butl
It is confidently	expected by Mr.	and use an Internal remedy for It that	thought,” she stammered,	"I thought
Cyril T. Young of	the Eastern Lands	,H su ff e rera ' w h(T enu iT aca reel y hear a	you were—oh! how shall	I say it
Dept, of the Canadian Northern, who watch tick tell how they had their hear- something quite different.”
is in charge of thc work, that the	IWÏ
employees will be able to celebrate	watch	waa plainly audible seven and su red her
Christmas, 1916, in their cosy new Therefore" ?" you know" womZme who only, you see, this is my day off.” homes. This work, he says, will pro-	I" troubled with catarrh, catarrhal deal-	_
vide at each point	the nucleus of a	2nd" hand*U* wThein youwm^'have ! MinaN'a Liniment for sale	everywhere
busy progressive town. With the ex- been the means of saving some poor
.*1-	if Li-	vî v	rufferer perhaps from	total	deaf new*,
ception of electric	lighting,	which may	The prescription can i>e	eaaiiy	prepared
be a later development, the houses in	at-home	for about 75c. and Is made	as	Many protests have been made in
New Ontario will be equipped quite as	Vrom	your druggist obtain 1 os.	of	England as a result of the revelation
completely as are the homes of simi-	Varmint	<Double Strength), about 76c.	in an official report that it cost $98,-
lar size in long established towns and	" pint of** hot water and**4 <!unce*°	of	000,600 to build huts and stables for
village, in Old Ontario. They contain a large living room, from which	Parmlnt Ih umed in	thin way not only
a winding stair-caae lead, to the up-	‘/JS	'OJSSSŒ,
per floor, a kitchen, a pantry, and a	Tube»,	and thus to	e.iualiae the air
bedroom, on the ground floor. Above,	middle1 SX
there are other two bedrooms, a bath- and the results it gives are usually reroom, and a sewing-room,	all of fair	"g^pSllSlf and	|n -ny
size. One of the	hardships in winter	form should give this recipe U	trial anu
has been eliminated by the provision	from thl" dee,rur,,ve
of a roofed-over coal and wood bin
Vanilla comes from an orchid grown in Mexico
His Day Off
Purely Herbal—No poisonous coloring matter.
Antiseptic—S tops bloodpoisoning, festering, etc.
Soothing—Ends quickly the pain and smarting.
Heals all sores.
"You
now in progress.
59c. Bo*. All Druggists end Stores

iap|


“Oh, I am,” the author hastily as___... "I really am, madam;
SEED POTATOES________
EK'D IOTATOE3. IRISH COB-biers. Delaware, Carman. Order Supply limited Write for quo» H W Dawson Brampton.
0
Zrkiri
\
! 1915 the value of the blanks shipped to this country was almost $300,000, and in addition a large number of finished pipes were imported.
On account of the present scarcity and high price of French briar, a number of pipe manufacturers in this
country have been on the lookout for ¥>ROPlT-MAKlNO NEWS AND JOB
substitute., and the Federal Forest t'wn,U“£” mo'.t TttfelVmftouwSe Products laboratory has conducted ex- of all businesses Full Information on
périment, to determine the availabil-	l°W«t
ity of other woods. It is reported that the mountain laurel root burns out
more readily than briar, but forest â CANCER. Ttwnn lvmps ETC.,
service expert, are trying to find a	plan""* ou*" hom. *tr“'tWrlU
method of hardening the wood, and u* be.ore too late Dr. Bellman Medical have succeeded to an appreciable ex- Co I	Colllngwood. Ont
tent. They have also found that a number of the various kinds of chaparral which are abundaat in the AVest
f
Vast CohI of Army Housing
V
A HI NKT M XKr.RS AND MACHINE hand# wanted highest Wages
Furniture Co.. Southampton. Ont
57 /
C
Steady work at Applv to The Hell

the British troops in the first year of the war. This is at the rate of $100 a man, it is stated.
Guard Your Baby’s Health
MISCELLANEOUS
We believe MINARD S LINIMENT
is the best:
Mathias Foley, Oil City, Ont.
Joseph Snow, Norway, Me.
Charles Whooten, Mulgrave, N.S. Rev. R. O. Armstrong, Mulgrave,
BRAVE
Cheerful, Chubby Children Make the Home Happy
THE
BLIND
*
HOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And IIow to Feed
Mailed free to any address by tilt Author
H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Inc. Ddg Remedies 1118 West 31st Street, New York
An English Nurse Tells a Touching | n. g
Story of the War
Weak, punv babies ire a constant care to tired mothers and are subject to many diseases that do not affect healthy children.
Keep your children in good health. See that their bowels move regularly especially during the teething period. This ii a distressing time in the life of every child and the utmost precaution should be taken to keep them well and strong.
By the consistent use of
give promise of yielding material which will be the equal of French briar in every way. Other woods now widely used for pipe making arc- apple, red gum, ebony and birch, together with smaller amounts of olive wood, rosewood and osage orange.
Considerable amounts of the laurel roots are being used, and afficials expect to make further sales. The lands purchased by the Government in the Southern Appalachians are reported to contain unlimited quantities of laurel which is widely known for the delicate beauty of its flowers. In places it forms exter. ive thickets, which are almost impenetrable. Visitors to the mountains say that in thc Spring these thickets, or "pink beds" as they are called by the* mountaineers, are indescribably beautiful and form one 1 of the main attraction# of the region. The sales of laurel root will not be made at places frequented by tourists. or where its removel will detract ! from the beauty of the landscape.
Pierre Landers, Sen., Pokemouche,
N. B.
Few of the many true tales of the heroism of the brave men fighting in 1 the great war equal some of those related of men who will fight no mor the cripples, the deaf, the disfigured, the blind. One such, recently told by an English nurse home on leave to recuperate her strength, is a little story (fer)—W—e—d—n with a heroine as well as a hero; it is, indeed, a love story.
A young French officer, blinded and cruelly disfigured, was for a time under her charge. He was engaged to
Amrfci's

M
I
;
r
Correct, One M ay.
Teacher—Bobby, spell "yesterday,’ Bobby (with his eye on the calen-

» i
When buying your Plano inswt on having an

“OTTO HIGEL” PIANO ACTION


PS
Eta
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup

Same Family Name
An Irishmen was seated in a rail-be married; but as soon as he under- way carriage next to a very pompous-stood he would never see again, or looking man, with whom he commenc-ever be seen without a shock at the . ed a conversation in a rather free and
it length the pompous ! ance, he wrote releasing him sweet- one said: My good man, reserve your j heart from the engagement. She re- ' conversation for one of your own fused to be released; indeed, she ap- equals. I would have you know that pea red at the hospital and demanded I am a K.C," The Irishman jumped up that her lover marry her at once. He and held out hie hand would not consent; but the interview shake!" he exclaimed, "Oi'm n Casey left him so shaken that he dared not meself." trust himself to see her again. He confided his weakness to the nurse, and begged her help.
"Do not let her in," he pleaded;
"but make an excuse to talk with her.
Tell her I am not only helpless and i hideous—she does not mind, the angel!—bat that my disposition is altered; say it is often that way with those injured as I am. Say I am no longer fit to live with. Say that I am grown morose, and fly into frightful rages <> say that tl
most likely to excite them F he could not make me happ>
1 must leave me to strangers. You understand, madame? You will help mF"
“I understand," the nurse promised,

Maciiiimy For Saie
it it possible to avoid many childish ills now so prevalent.
It it a corrective for diarrhoea, colic and other infantile ailments. It soothes the fretting baby and permits the child to sleep well and grow healthy. It brings comfort and relief to both child and mother.
ruin of hi* once handsome counter- easy manner
t
W lice lock Engine, 150 H P., 18x42, with double main driving bell 24 ins. wide, and Dynamo 30K W. belt driven. All in first class emit ion Would be sold together or separately ; also a lot of shafting at a very great bargain as room is required immediately.
S. Frank Wilson A Sons
78 Adelaide Street West.
Toronto.
“Begorry
Mr*. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
Makes Cheerful, Chubby Children
I
The War of the Home Seekers.
| Two English workmen were die cussing the war. “It'll be an awful long job. Ham." said one “It will,** replied the other. “You see, the German# Is tskfn* thousands of the Russians prisoners, and the Russians is tnhin* thousands and thousand#1 of German prisoners. If it keep* on. all the Russian a will be I In Germany and all the Germane In ! Russia And then they’ll start oil over again, flghtin* to get hark to their ome

F? DODDS
f KIDNEY
V,
k
Hurts

f
I- < oa-
tains ao opium, morphine nor any of their derivatives. It is soothing, pleasant and harmless For generations mothers m all parts of the world have u«ed it and millions of babies Have been benefited by it.
Is absolutely


the smallest provocation; ir I have most loved are
Tell her
tit
Y
h

If salt is used for sweeping carpets it will keep out moths.
3 THE1'
ED. 7.
IfeaUli 4J—*11»

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
WANTED NOW
“FOUR-NINETY”
CHEVROLET
CANADIAN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
>
A reliable agent in your homo district during fall and winter month* to sell fruit trees, ornnmental trees, flower-lug shrubs, roses, etc. Hood pay weekly.
0utMt ttTe-	K,clu»lte territory.
»	Wc have over 600 acres
W^Y 1| I* Cslotm 'of the finest varieties of fruit and orna UAVUI e IVBW mental tr.es. Including new % irlellea , f
To Winnipeg, Edmonton, Calgary
and in ter media to Stations | PKLHAM NVRSKUY CO.
and return	i	Toronto.
Every Tuesday from March 7 to October 31, ibid.
Return limit two months.
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 26, 1916.
i'li,it i was far l»vttvr t « » do the work trusted to them b) the people to the
ability rather than to at-ovals who were attacking >eek political advantage, 1 to leave to the people the decision ne came. l*o that soon or ti the keynote of sp< vie 1 \ Hon. V. .1. I >oliei*ty, Ministvi Justice, and Hon. K. L. Patenaiidv, Minister i f the Interior, in shaking at Princess Hall, Verdun, recently on >vca< n for the pro|H»scd formation * Verdun (Conservative Associât ion.
ii
L
t
I
tf
1
/
Ü
11
i
I

PUBLIC NOTICE.

VI Id.IV NO l it I! is hereby given that the Honorable (Jeorge Hrysou, of the \ iliage ut Fort l ouhmge, in the Histiict of Pontiac, bmnbvr-.Merchant ;
James W. Ihyson, «>1 the same place, bnmbri Merchant ; John Ik Fraser, of the City of Ottawa, in the Province of Ontario, Luml*er- Merchant ; William
il. A. Fi axer. aU,. of the said vity <*f Over 500 Chevrolets delivered in the Province of Quebec this season, and |	one eivh'e X°oa satisfaction.
the said Pi « *> im e vf t hitario, Luml*cr \\ e have reports of a* high as R2 miles to the gallon of gasoline, on cars delivered in Pontine.
Merchant, ami Ale\endertlk < Jordon, of . .
I the Vit\ of Toronto, in the said Pro- U is nn admitted tact that the vnlve-in-hcad motor does give In p. c. more ganver than nny other type ; \ i nee of < hitario, bumber Merchant, j°l gasoline motor, which means IA |>. e. more miles per gallon of gasoline
to	QiivIk'c, [
at its next session, for an a t of incorporation under the name '
“( Jiand bake Railway and l rans^*orta-1 tion Company f with the following, among other, powers, rights and privileges :
i

I
s
4
N*

V
For particular* tickets, etc. apply to
<\ A. !.. TUCKER.
* Agent Shaw ville.
« i

PRICE $650.00 F. 0. B„ OSHAWA, ONT.
ri:ese sei.timents will l*e agreed with by
w ho i> not blinded by rank
«•very nui
1 il tl<U>l.l|
every
Mail Contract
î
Bristol Council Minutes
Bristol. Ovt. I. 191(1.
I he Municipal Council of Bristol met the above date for general bnsinc
Mayor Campbell and Coun-i.-illufs V unpln'll. Horner and Wood#.
Minute# of last meeting read and adopted on motion of Horner and XV l*.
Motion CampWlI and Horner That the voter*# list a- rv\i>vd, Ik* accepted and homologated.
t oan. l ampl*ell gave notice that he wi.bild introduce a By law at present Mtt ng of council to provide revenue for mnieipal expmnliture for the vota-
S»KAI.KD TFX l)KK*s, addressed to the Post master (îvtieral, will he received a! Ottawa until noon, on Friday, the -Ith Now in her 19111. for the conveyance of lli< Majesty s Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six times per week on the route
With the prive of gasoline at what it is, the proven economy of the Chevrolet valve-in-head car of the M,tmM 111 dke it the preference.
SS
I
t
THE MacLEAN MACHINE WORKS, AGENTS,
CAMPBELLS BAY
QUEBEC.
Desjardins R. R No. 1
(.t) To own. build, acquire, lease, maintain and operate a tramway and railway from a point at or near Vhris-tophersvn Like on Bell River, to a point at or near Twenty-on on the Ottawa River, and also from a point at or near L ike Atikamek to a
(mint at ««i H tblnt Lake "n the
Ottawa River, til- whole in the District | Be Varying Expressions Put Gains of Pontiac, and al*» et ne#, locomi-
lies, md siivh other plant | At an entertainment at w lilt h Cains may U' deemed usvhd m proper for borough and the famous actor David
1 lin • k w ere | resent an ardcut ad Id T«»o\vn. build, purchase, acquire, mirer the great artist declared, avili kind#	- to % In k «loi i ut ml
mt- .md .ppli mces that van lung und ties Wlssens,** that Gains-
it ion of person^ borough had never failed to take n per. tl	*	towing	and	son s likeness In a portrait, no matter
tods	| how ditticult the subject might be.
i tnms|N»rnv Garrick thereupon asserted that Gains low 11 _ and driving bn borough could not paint Ills likeness
rwarding, •od begged to be allowed to sit for bis there- portrait. Gainsborough, pleased at the 1 way and by any commission and expecting to tlml It whole to the vvry Interesting to paint the actor's l*i.inscoutincntal expressive countenance, gladly con-Nottaw IV	and	sente.l. Garrbk then made a secret
........mi	slid	wager with the artist’s friends that he
could prove to them that there was one face at least that Gainsborough
via Allumette Island P. O. from the Postmaster General's pleasure.
Printed not lees containing further information ns to conditions of proposed Contract may be seen and blank forms of Tender may he obtained at t tv Post Offices of liesj.mlins and Allumette U land and at the otHec ot the Post Other Inspector,
Post Office Inspector's Office,
Ottawa. October 7th. Htii.
P. T. COOMCAX.
Post Office Inspt
Mile K;n

TAILORING-
GARRICK'S MOBILE FACE.
mg yeai
1> and Campbell that XV. Annsirniig 1»v notified to rvjHiir the
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ i\
M wed by V
U >
borough In a Fit of Temper.
i I opposite lot X
Motion Horner an<l Wood* That illowing bills U» |«tid :
I X. Cowan, Tax Receipts 1 il.tr People, Ltd.. Steel Culvert#
M lion Horner and Wo«nl> That Ky .xv No. 77. to provide for the muni-J government of the Township and provide for Bristol's share of the way Bonds for the year lai7, also provide for rood labor at Norway
l read a first
fix
S. t
I

Is
crating thereof
Now is a good time to have
your Fall Suit made up
We have in stock good material in late patterns for you to choose from.

fS ¦;
i
\
FOR SALE
lvti'
II and d

70.29
> H

Year old Shropliire Ram. ice. Some Haul l.amhs.
1 Durham Hull Calf.
Applv to,
•1 OS. BROWXM-t H. R. X
v. i I 3	*

: l*o itM-.l in the trnn*p« and properly, and i dtixit.g of 1<i^s. timber u I x\ • »d generally, and to earn ' (it'ii. f reight in.' sinews, and al» shipping and < xx it It. and in a’
| other moans or , ><«nth of till* N i Railxv.tv, a


m

hi
i
R
L*. Sim xv villi
l!

I
h

w
f; . i
¦ y i

*
IU‘s>
visitor xv In * max lie xxitli thei liil"if th
i, ana
1 by Campbell anti Horner that 77 Ik* tilled in with .'U mills r for municipal purpose# : the dollar to na*ot the Rail-ad' and Ô iuill> on the dollar k at Norway 1 lay and then
iid I third

w ' "i calves, great cow is ill roaming the ton the vicinity unless lured to ><.mien rapt tiring forest lake or dell by tl importunate blandishment » o antlered monster,.who i* now m.imping through the woods making tl and birch resound from the hi» mighty horns, with tin and love in hi- heart.
>!•*< îillivray i» the largest lake in tlii-territory. From it» waters grey trout running up to go pound» have been taken, and it teems also with pike and pickerel.
I There are a squad of Fret | Indian-guides employed by the club.
r more members, thex ten, during <q«cn season, take five oi x day»’journey into the wilder:
< >n the whole the Pontiac Game Clo ideally situated and i» controlled a i operated by Indie* and gentlemen, • cousins aero#* the border, of highest ideal*. Although the uicml*er* are all rich, some of them fabulously so, they treat the pi-oph- as equals. A* they pa»- to and from the Ottawa river to the dub bon-i- no farmer i- too humble
ri
v

ii
X


Spring and Fall Overcoats just arrived in black and dark gray colors.
tllci
U'


!

Xm
it
\

i loani
- Railway ami the i1 d-ewhere in tin* l*i
(c)	To own, |MU acquire, Ica-c. -ell ami »li-| limits, timber laud-, mines land-, and other real estate, mills fa* tories and industrial establishment# t all kinds and t
-aid property*- and establishments ;
(d)	To own, purchase, acquire, develop, sell, lea-e and otherwise dispose of water-]M.wvi-, riparian and hydraulic pro; nu ties, rights and privilege- of all k. ids v itliin the IY \
11. lea*
taw a River, and nee of (Quebec ; i-e and otherwise coUlu paint
\
U1 v\

CTO


impact
in hi- eves

t


irried. iml Wood

The results of the first sitting were id mineral ve|7 satisfactory to the complacent
artl-t
i
I timlM'i
That picket
Rri-tol and Clarendon town line,
• lot 1, 17
h »>
st mt
i

U the second sitting, however t Gainsborough was mad# uocomSirhitd . ;	• ill or any of **d nervous at finding it nc v<-an to
make several alterations lu his work. At the third sitting Ills displeasure became extreme when, on comparing the half completed work with Garrick's face, be saw that the two bore so little resemblance to each other that the portrait had almost to be repainted. When Garrick appeared for the fourth time, with the most innocent expression imaginable, and begged the painter to begin work Gainsborough, thoroughly angry, broke out *Tve no use for you!

MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
tî" a joli <>f making
ll-O t
e


1u.1l
Finit wc
(
(a
ti
i
uni
F. J>Rl MMONI\ Sect v-Ti va-
(
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
W lui <H
H
v cf (juvUv ml olherwist

al*o develoj di-po-o ut watvi |Hixvvr- and electricity derived therefrom ;
(v) I » -tore, dam, collect and retain water iii, un and near the lake*, river* and -1 ream* within the territory referred to in paragraph “b above, a* being lietwivn the National Transcontinental I» lilway and tin* Ottawa River, and use, -ell, lease and otherwise dispose of such water, and also -apply and use the same in driving and handling log», timber and wood good* generally, and in developing WiPer poxwr, electricity and all kind- of motive power, and do and per

A Visit to the Pontiac Game Club
e»

a beautiful the heart of end of the 1 unti i . and Hunki d on eithei precipitous Luirentian hill», gorgeous autumnal foliage, i-cltib house »f prix ate h< >us< ind Game ('lub. On the invita f Mr. Andrew Irving, the genial try of the club, 1 was permitted to and inspect the club house and v lioii-e- and a portion of the tract of leased territory. Kxerv
You can ape thousands of faces and never Lave one of your own !**
Smiling, Garrick left the studio to announce to the artist’s friends that he bad won the wager.
t in tin
M
Manufacturer of and Dealer in

Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing*.

nul its pretty
of tit»* Pontiactu be greeted with a hearty w id of
cheer and the ladies arc as genei the gentlemen in this respect. 1 have never heard people more highly -pokeu of than are the menders of the • lui The general verdict i-, they courteous, kind, consul?! itable. —Com.
» a»
Hunting the Elusive Spark.
To find a dead spark plug I take an
1 f<»rni everything deemed necv»*ary, ad orilhiarv bimir and hold the wooden 1 visible, exjfdient. useful or projn-r to handle in my hand, says James Atchcr-iccompli'h nr cirrv out said object* or > *on *n the 1 arm and Home. Laying my ot them ;	the face on the cylinder head, I bring
(f) 'lo own, purcha»t*. acquire, lease, |the claw* slowly toward the head of tell, disjK»>e «U. and operate telephone the plug. If the plug is alive the spark 1 telegraph line- within the territory *	t°:,P across when the right gap Is
referred to in paragraph “e * above, and reached. If no spark is made the plug al*o on and along the transportation dead. 1 his method does away with route» of the company, and on and the danger of receiving a shock, os you along the railway» and tram wav* of the are folding the wooden handle.
1 dial
ury and comfort, almost, found in • city ha* been transplanted to the iliac forest. Here, if you prefer it dip in the clear, cold, limpid, spark g waters of the lake, you can have,	..	%	, ,.	,	,
iii.ruinx Utb, vithvv li<>t „r «¦,.1.1,	V1»’ Wk V< toher II. Invomv
,mvidv,t f„r :"V"",1"f!he p*'1 M"tor V,mnan> ,.l hOUsv um| K anada, for the ten month» ended Sep-
are l.uilt iiminly of native |,vs jMnbw	Siowh» |wët for the ........
e 100,000 ; st.s'k dividend January 1. klw}' 1,1 * ho e or tn part, are u*ed. or
1910. #0.(400.000 ; reserve fur business ,luu*v “ *ian,**v<*
or total deductions

Ford of Canada Profits
im
}|l 111 V

X tl!
IS \>\ Club
ingency. Tin
We Can Supply You
Imprisoned by Her Tongue.
In translating the Bible for the Zulus and for some other aboriginal peoples It Is necessary to have two versions, one for the women and one for w herein things are the men. The Zulu law compels a made of «-r from ««i out of w . »d, pulp or married woman to cut herself off from
her father-in-law and all her husband’s male relations. She Is not allowed to pronounce their names even mentally. As a result, these Is a distinct dialect among Zulu women.

l
• • WITH ALL KINIJ8 OF . .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Your patronage solicited.
tl

v! s, iu general scheme of colour, lay •'ll and fumi»liing«. The dub i* very
isive ami numbers only twenty, I t ti“'- .......................
therefore. Si.039,122.
\
leaner ;
(li) T o mine and carry on the btwines# of mining in all it* branche» ;
(i) To own, purchase, acquire, build, maintain, lease, .«ell ai%! dinnose of all building*, factories, mill.*, .«hop* and lionne* deemed useful or proper for the object# sfore «aid, or any of them ; al*o
all machinery, tools, instrument# and r: paratn** comfort, in dry weather, by ! To make an old tobacco pipe as good thing# doomed useful or pmfier for car
« i .» itomol*ile. 1 he club ap|scaled in j ** xicw plug the stem with a bit of rying out «aid purp«»*o« or object*, or > iin t< the lumlicrmen who own limit* match, fill the bowl with alcohol, light any of them, and to install, u*e and hro igh which the road passe# and to and let burn. Do this three or four operate the same in said building*, fae the Quebec Government, for assistance times and the pipe will be as clean tone*, milk «Imp* ami house», and el-tern i iprove the condition* of the road. | ®s sweet as when new without the when I lii ugh their own exertions they- can ow travel from Desjardins landing to he club house without feeling under icnt to lumlicrmen or Govern
!»
•rent vit it*» of the United State* and -re prominent in business and finan-circles. Out of their own pocket*
• U of «I dlars have been spent on I Hold all the skirts of thy mantle ex i improvement*. The Trout Lake tended wtyn heaven Is raining gold.— ng to the club house, imps#* I Ea> IroTffh
•	except for stout vehicles a few
*	ago, may now lie traversed, with
0. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
I
Earthquake Regions.
The most shaken countries of the world are Italy, Japan, the Pacific slope of South America, Java, Sicily and Asia Minor. The lands most free from earthquskes are Russia, Canada,
Rejuvenating Your Pipe.
\

ISHAWYILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE

bother of breaking It in.
(j) To do, ptrform, make and erect all thing* and work# on land or water, and partly on land and partly on water, thought useful or proper to accomplish irry out, or give effect to, anything, ork or enterprise that by thi» act i« ithorized, and that the Legislature of *'Do you think you can?” asked lira. I the Province of Qnel*ec ha* jiower to
sanction or authorise :
•	(k) The w hole with power to exiiro
priatc all properties required for right of way, transportai ion by land or water, telephone aiul telegraph lines, water power* and the development and opera tion thereof, mill and factory site*.
11tiers, dam*, wharves, #torage of waters, j and for all other works, enterprises and operation* of the company.
Hull, October 2nd, 1916.
AY LEX à DÜCLOS,
Attorneys for Applicant*.
the Pacific (in the United States) and In a few localities In the Island conti-Hit
PROPRIETOR.
-
' A
Yes. She Could.
“I don’t see why mothers can’t see I be territory under lease by the club, the faults In their children,” said Mrs.
i f ho square mile*, i* Smith to Mrs. Jon
r c
The Difficulty.
“My wife’s mad with me and has gone on a hunger strike.’*
’Then let her go hungry till she comes to her senses. Why should you worry r
Because I’m the one that’s going hungry.**.
I have on hand the finest
*tock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.*
FENCING AND CEMETERY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
"tjiprMtig
t itiiiig with game, big and little, and j II kind* of fur licaring animal*. While Jones, at with the secretary viewing the eaiitiful scenery of M* Gillivray Lake J large cow in<*»«v with two calve* a* big as two year old stem» cm**ed a | h «rrvw neck of the lake within 250 j Is of fair boat. landed on the oppo* *

"Why, I would In a minute If my children bad any.”

Quite Naturel.
Pi^HB fHHH	Proud Mother—This la • toy tea set
ite shore and quickly ambled out of my little girl has for afternoon parties.
-ight into the dense forest. 1 tell you She likes to serve mike believe tea it was hard to resist *urh a chance to end make believe sandwiches. It's a kill, hut the tfame law* of Quebec are harmless fancy. oaest-Perfectly. »trinscrit and arc strictly observed by I’ve been to grownop affairs where members of the club, and any chance thev did It
\ a
Accomplished.
Randall—After twenty five years of married life she loves her husband as much as ever
WORK A SPECIALITY




###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
WINTER COATS
4 Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests. Published every Thareda y
\l Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
F(T ASCRIPTION, $1 aYkar in Advance
nr All arrears must be paid up before any p iper Is discontinued.
Œo Snbestors

y
o
ADVERTISING RATES
Log,il advertising, 10cents per line for 1 fi Insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at thr rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion mnd 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruct ion-t accompanying them will be In sorted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
THOSE WHO, FROM TIME TO TIME, HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT, MAY PURCHASE AT PAR
Ladies’ Fall and Winter Coats
$6.00 to $17.50.
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
IN SUMS OF $500 OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at any chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Proceeds of this stock are for war purposes only.
A commission of one quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and stock brokers on allotments made in respect of applications for this stock which bear their stamp.
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
Tweeds, Beaver, Chinchella, Blanket Cloth, Full Flare Skirts with Belt and Big Collar.
î
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
These are Overcoat Days.
DEPARTMENT OP FINANCE. OTTAWA OCTOBER 7th. 1916.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
Men’s Heavy Winter Overcoats
mostly of Scotch Tweeds and Irish Friezes, in brown, grey and fancy mixtures—plain or belted back—lined with heavy Italian Twill.
o
O; Y. B. LODGE, No. 804, meet* 2nd Wedneadny of each month at 8 p. m.
K. Workman, Rec. Secy.
W. (». I owa N W. M.
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
J. B. Akmsthonc W. M.
CD
Reg. Hodoins, Secy.
IS
or laKe iront woura rate at i*asi aia miles of river frontage, just placing the vessels stem to stern.
Port Arthur has an Industrial area of 1,300 acres through which pass three transcontinental railway® of Canada, making possible to Industrial enterprises there the direct access of these railways to their Bites.
Free Gasoline for thirty-three hundred mile s—t he Ford owner’s saving1 in one year
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the Hth of each month
If. N. Hodginb.
W. 0>mp. in Com
»
!
Rro. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
Serviceable Fall Goods.
Professional Cards.
The pulp-wood areas adjacent to and tributary to Port Arthur are immense, and are computed by compel- ¦ ent authorities to contain at least 20,000,000 cords. At present there | Is more than one corporation de- ; veloping plans for the erection of : pulp and paper mills at Port Ar- , thur, for this city has all the re- I quisites, besides the raw material, ! for the successful development of | this class of industry—splendid dock sites, electric power, cheap transportation by water, excellent rail connections, and unlimited Quantities of clear, uncolored and unmineralixed waters.
. But it is the mineral deposits that lie In close proximity to Port Arthur that give the greatest promise in their development, and which will be I of the greatest benefit In developing | A beaver dam, lately demolished one of the largest industrial centres ! on the farm of It. Marston in Mac- In Canada at the head of the 1,200- j Nab township, a few miles from mile stretch of her magnificent deep ! Renfrew, by Game Warden Devine waterways.
of Renfrew, assisted by Mr. Marston, ! In dealing with the mineral pros-each using an axe and a crowbar, has pects of the territory adjacent to Port .been rebuilt by the beavers in a j Arthur, it might be Just as well to 1 be sole beau ol a lamily, or ftny male single night. In tearing down the treat of the mineral resources of the over 18 years old, may homestead a dam the game warden and farmer entire district of Northern Ontario, quarter section of available Dominion wero occupied for two hours. On in order to show the tremendous land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al- the advice of the game warden the ! mining possibilities of that section of Xpplicant must apiwar in iierson Farmer hung a lantern in a tree by Canada of which Port Arthur is at the Dominion land* Agency or Sub- lhe Bight of the dam, but this did not | part, for in that section of Ontario Be ¦ | -g-	‘ °	have the effect of causing the beav- 'there are more attractive mineral
ere to leave. Now the owner of the j districts, rich in either gold, silver, farm Is to propose to the Ontario nickel, copper, iron, iron pyrites, Government through the game war- : than in any other province or state den that the dam be not further dis- ! in North America. Northern On-Duties-—Six months residence ui*>n Iturbed, and that he be paid the sum jtarlo, including the district of Pa-ftnd cultivation of the land in each of of $200 for the trouble and incon three years. A homesteader may live j renience he has been put to. within nine miles of his homestead farm o( at least 80 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except where residence is jwrformed in the vicinity.
Live stock may t>e substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
In certain districts a homesteader in good standing limy pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead. Price PHONE BELL	I 8.1.00 j>er acre.
¦	£	p	ai p Duties—Six months residence in each
U« ERNEST	uABQURY, LL# ? ¦) of three years after earning homestead
patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation.
Pre-emption patent may lw obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price #1.00
l

Boys’ Overcoats,
Jumpers, Mackinaws, Heavy Tweed
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST ( xmi'i i s Bay
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
I
Qvk
Pants, Underwear.
The light economical Ford with it- smooth running engine averages about twenty-live mile- on a gallon of gasoline.
Compare thi- with the gasoline consumption of the Sixteen- Miles-To-The Gallon ear.
Then figure the difference, having an eye to the pre-ent price of gasoline.
Six thousand miles i< a fair season’s travel. The Sixteen-Mi les-To-The-Gn lion ear, going six thousand miles, burns up one hundred and thirty-five more gallons of gasoline than does the Ford going the -ame distance.
This means that the Ford owner saves enough during a single season to pay for Ids gasoline for an additional thirty-three hundred and seven tv-five miles.
You can travel a year and a half In a Kurd for what it co*t* you to travel one year in the Sixteen - M1 le-To-The-<r.'ilIon ear.
&
G. F. HOGGINS GO
1
P
»
!
Pi
S. A. MACKAT
i

NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
Beaver* Restore Dam in Night
*- fS

Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
>

ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
Will vGit Shawville -very Saturday

berta
Registered H
SHAWVILLE, QUE.	|”
i
SHAWVILLE MOTOR GO.
D. R. BARRY. K.C.'««•1£S5’C
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
»mxy uid*
Agency (but not Sub-Agency), on certain condition*.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
nr Visits Shawville every Saturday
E3
tricia, has an area of over 330,000 square miles, of which over 250,000 square miles are, from a geological point of view, more or less favorable for occurrence of mineral deposits.
In the mining of gold, silver, copper, nickel, and iron ore, Northern millions of dollars’ worth of silver. Ontario. In 1914, produced 45 per and with the present high price, cent, of the total output of all Can- bheap railway transportation, and PROSPECTS FOR ONTARIO CITY lada Northern Ontario pos ses at the hydro el	power in th
Sudbury the greatest nickel deposits district, it Is probable thatVHHBI in the world, which are producing in her of the silver prospects would 1916 at the rate of $48,000,000 justify careful investigation. About worth per year. The silver mines 200 miles east of Port Arthur, on as the Hub of an |of Northern Ontario hare paid out the new Canadian Northern trans-
a short distance
on a
PORT ARTHUR'S FUTURE
When you want the best value for your
. money In ..
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
SHINGLES
ADVOCATE , BARRISTER, AC
at $1.65 per M. and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ng Moulding*» Doois etc.,try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 455
196 Main St. - Hull.
ALMOST UNPARALLELED
a num
As a shipping Contre, aa a Pu Ip wood Centre and
Enormously Wealthy Area It Stands Alone in the World—Iron, Gold, Silver, and
Mining I,n dividends over $66,000,000, and continental line
this provint :	now possesses the east of Long Lake, a very promls-
richest silver camp in the world. ing silver district with geological About 120 miles east of Port Ar- formation similar to the Cobalt and Copper Are Within a Feu Mile*. |tbur. In the vicinity of Schrleber, a Thunder Bay districts has been dis-
rango of pyrrhotlt# contains more covered, or less nickel, while in the new gold I ness transacted in visible ! district at Kow Kash, which
Arnprior. Out
ADVOCATE
BARRI STER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
OMPARED to the actual bus!
c
But It Is the Iron resources of the ie district surrounding Port Arthur that the | about 120 miles north-east of Port will give the greatest results in de-Arthur, very heavy deposits of pyrr- veloping
hotite wore discovered some years claim that the exploration work car______________________________,	**o, and the assays obtained show- rled on in the Atikokan district,
than any other land in Canada. To	ed that some of the samples	ran	west of Port Arthur, and also in the
get an Idea of the value of such land	high *n nickel.	Mlchipicoten and Moose Mountains
Deputy of the Minister of the	Interior.	baeed on lbe handling of com mod-	mines ^were slightly * developed	^ In	ov^r^l75.0oToOiT^tons^of	ore	and	school
N. B.—Unauthorized publication of Hies in cash value, one might take tbe various gold districts west of in these districts, and most of the ore Also S. W. quarter of 14 a, range 5, this advertisement will not Ik? paid for.	for a parallel the amount of busl- Port Arthur, and It is believed that	a short distance from the lake ports,	containing 60 acres, (more or less), 25
_________________________________ ness transacted in the New York	"omc of these mines can now be op-	There are promising iron ranges at	acres under cultivation ; balance bush
T.' “'“t , ,u,„ ,,n.w“,,v I<r.«Æ.	taîuïïs B ¦
, ^at changes hands on Wall Street Is , WC8, 0( port Arthur, on the National Arthur. At Loon Lake there Is said 1 rovince of (jiielx?c,	often very largely In the Imagina- Transcontinental Railway. large | to be proven up a very large tonnage
School Municipality of Shawville. tion The business done In a year |sums of money are being spent in of hematite ore. Competent experts Public Notice is hereby given by along the waterfront of Port Arthur i thoroughly developing the St. An- consider the Iron ranges at Nipigon ___ the	undersigned	Secretary Treasurer	of	is a colossal aggregate cash value	thony gold mine. Last fall some	600	and Steep Roek very favorable for
alEMBALMiNc &23sSaSmS?	HFsFHv'K
mud Munuipnhty m 11 nu l ai I Tlklng tfae length of tbe modern I* Mid by explorers that from the metallic products of great commer-compbt.tl for the current year, 1916. Uke freighter for a gaufe: In three Sturgeon I-ake region north through clal value. Very pure sand stones The said Collection noil is deposited in boats* lengths of Port Arthur's wa- j Savant Lake to Lake St. Joseph in the occur In abundance, such as might HI	the office of the undersigned Secretary	terfront all the coal imports of the	Albany River, there are exception-	be used for the manufacture of	Two Village Lots situate on Main
(opposite J. H. Shaw •.	Treasurer. All parties whose names	Twin Ports could be handled, with	*1*7 attractive gold districts, as	glass, silica, brick, etc. Barytes also	Street, Shawville, opposite tbe Met ho
All «•nil* will	rapoivo	nrnmnt	api^ear thereon as liable for the payment	storage for over 3,000,000 tons; in	more or less gold can be panned out	occur In large quantities, that could	dial Church. I
,	..	*	of any assessment are required to nay seven boats' lengths all tbe grain of ' ' sand °° the shores of the lakes lx» used in the manufacture of glass. Farm Property of 53 acres, situate
linen at Miawvilie, this 1st its) oi l ^ g(0rage ep;,ce for at least 100,- * t# n» and strong, and tl at the cally all, the clays have never been *nd aIsojiJrame l*rn erect«-d in 1915.
3 Oetol-er, 1916.	'000.000 bushels possible; and In -» of rold frequently are sur tested even for common brick. The
three boats' lengths all the package prisiugly high. Considerable do- |dolomites in the vicinity of Thunder freight and all the rails imported velopmeot work will be carried on could be handled, with a total spare "* >rir ,n tij* K*w Ka«h and ras!i-for at leawt fifty vessels, each vessel " 1 distriete
having individual dock room. Thus, Many years ago the silver mines what is dossihie on a mile and a half + ^ t Arthur district procured
FOR SALE
Will be in Fort Uoulongc every Wed iiesijy and Shawville every Saturday,
and tangible wealth land along the front of Port
Competent authorities
Wet half of 11 a, itli range, Bristol, containing 100 acres (more or less) known as " The Old Graham Farm, ' situated lj miles from Maryland station (V. P. R.); also convenient to churches
|a r acre.
Duties—Must reside six months
^	w § M \/ si	each of three years, cultivate 5o acres
lui bUKü fc MTU fcckul erect a house worth $300
W. W. CORY,
Arthur Is perhaps more valuable
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Pdi’53nahttention.Openall hours
PUBLIC NOTICE
For terms and ; particulars apply to Mrs. A. P. .Smith, R R. No. 1, Mary land, yue., or to the undersigned at Fox warren, Manitoba.
UNDERTAKING
A. P. SMITH
\
FOR SALE
HAYES * FINDLAY
WAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE
W. J HAYES.
X com tollable Bnck Residence on
2KTÎ %%&.%%% hi-*-........................
that valuable salt that Is In such demand at present, and might well be Used as 1 source of this material
K. T. HODGINS,
Nec.-Trvas
( cut
building
In a
¦L ¦ ountrles. A»k for our INYEN ToR g ADVISKR.whleh will be sent free
MARION £ MARION.
3+4 University SU Montréal.
R. W. HODOINH,
Shawville. (jue.
Equity ^dvts. Pay,
###PAGE###6###
Hie aunt laughed,
“No, thank you, Adrien, I know your Idea of slavery,” she maid would hand it over to Mr. Vermont, and he does quite enough of your work already

Give the “Kiddies” All They Want of.
If You Want a Safe Investment
You


-f
Let us send you particulars of an investment that never depreciates and never defaults in dividends, the new Compound Investment Policy in the Crown Life.
With h Vrown Life “ Limited Payment Life Policy " you do not have to die to win. Your insurance is fully paid for during the years of your best earning power.
Let us send you some new insurance facts.
Vermont was a favorite I with Miss Penelope, owing chiefly to his frequent gifts of marron glaces— a great weakness of hers she continued

CROWNJRAND
cornSsymip
Z

Besides,” Hat minster House is boo modern. I want to revive a ball just ns it happened two or three centuries ago Castle, or nothing.”
Adrien smiled across at her.
“Your word is law, my dear aunt; but if 1 were you, and it comes off at all. I'd leave the arranging of it to Jasper.”
7s>

It must be Ilarminster
. ¦
Crown Life Assurance Co.
TORONTO.
It Is one of the delicious “good things" that has a real food value
A slice of your good homemade bread, spread with “Crown Brand”, forms a perfectly balanced food, that is practically all nourishment.
So - let them have it on biscuits and pancakes, and on their porridge if they want It.
You'll like It, too, on Griddle Cakes—on Blanc Mange and *	* ni Baked Apples. And you'll find it the most economical sweetener
DWARDSBUR(,L you can use, for Cakes, Cookies, Gingerbread and Pies.
Have your husband get a tin, the next t.me he Is In town— a 5. 10 or 20 pound tin—or a 3. pound gliss jar.
THE CANADA STARCH CO. LIMITED
CARDINAL. BRANTFORD. FORT WILLIAM.
Makere (J MLite White"’ Corn ttmmp— Ben#m‘e Ptm Stank— ami "Stiver Wau" Laundry Starch.
!


\

Agents Wanted In Unrepresented Districts-

i.
Mi
Vermont beamed seemed to please him so much ns the idea of work, especially when it involved the spending of money other than his own.
“1 am at your service, dear lady,” he said amiably.
Miss Penelope rose, and gave the signal for the ladies to retire.
“I shall take you ut your word, Mr. * Vermont,." she said graciously, as she C passed out
Nothing


É»,

Our new recipe book, "Dcssr rts and Candies will show you how to make a lot of really delicious dishes with “Crown Brand
our Montreal Ottlce
tMS
MONTREAL
%N SYl^
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
f)

Write for a copy to
U
220
Or The Sunlight of Love
CHAPTER X.	fere nee to the rotted kind, as expert-	manufacturers	were	compelled to pay
After the laides had gone, the wine	nient in farm practice has shown that,	in 1916;
___________________________________circulated freely, and in the merry u‘ ni,'rn,ntf °» 1*1C ,avv dawned even wejght for weight, the former
way, but nothing more. Now, as he badinage that followed it> must be ad- ( ear on< bright, and the Leroy course |1U8 gjven y,elds almost equal to the Pig iron, No. 2 foundry “Well?” he said gruffly, without at- bflvd her down from the saddle, he mitted that Jasper Vermont was the :'b°m‘ like a strip of emeroid velvet in	un<t when the losses entailed Soft steel bars, angles, channels
tempting to change his position.	could have bent and reverently kissed life and soul of the party. ^Jle had * *.cnsp* *Pa i kling ®*r,	in rotting the manure are considered und other shapes........
“Short, and not polite!” retorted bttle f°°* that lodged so lightly in ! the newest scandal at his finger-tips, “ l,H'v 8Unn8e> throngs of people, use of the fresh or green variety Steel tank plate........
Jasper, shaking him again. “Didn't the stirrup.	the latest theatrical news; and all was	mcn* women» »n<* children, had been | jg * decided	economy.	Steel	sheets  ..
I tell you I'd come here to-dav. von Woman-like, she was quick to notice	related in a witty manner	that kept	stream,ng in from	the outlying dis- j Dr. Shutt,	in the above-mentioned	Steel	sheets, galvanized	..
imp of darkness ?"	the change in him, and her heart beat bis listeners in a perpetual roar of tf lvt8* s!’mv nian>' m**e* ®w®y: wbil®, bulletin, supplies a table giving the Iron bars........
“You did, guv-nor,1’ the man replied h'Kh with hoPe-	laughter.	I'LL'LT 'f	!" approximate average composition of Wire nails ...............
sullenly.	He will love me yet,” she whisper- Adrien, though compelled by polite* ‘ ^ nv 01 Nv'll( *ca a‘* kmds, which fresh manure, and gives a minute de- foundry coke ..........
“Well, here I am. You’re not e<1 to herself triumphantly, as, with ness to take his share in the conver- alrv:uly disbursed their load. | scription of its propel tics, necessary Crude oil .................
drunk, are you? Here—let’s look	at	outward calmness, she hade him au	sation, was yet glad	when they ad-	In twos and thrVes .thev late llorseH	treatment amf proper application. The	Linseed oil...........
you.”	With a cruel smile, the soft	revoir tin	they	should meet at dinner,	journed to the silver	drawning-room.	arr,',e<l;	paddled in cloths, and	sur-f importance of potash in t*he soil is	Naphtha or benzine	in	C.L
amiable	Mr. Vermont seized*the ear	of	A<irivn	went	straight to his own	This was one of the	smallest of ihe	funded	by the usual crowd of	pointed out, and possible domestic	White and red	lead
the dwarfed jockey and dragged* him r,M,î,lV* An unusual	restle.isncsfl was	half-dozen drawing-rooms	in Bar-	legged grooms and	diminutive jock-, sources of supply of this	fertilizer	are	Leather butts for belting.
to the light. “No not drunk—-for a upon him’ ami bis	pulses throbbed	minster Castle, and was	decorated	r>’s; while the air	reeked with the discussed.	Bolts,	springs, screws,	nuts,
wonder. Well, you know what to do ¦ w*blly, l)Ut 118 yet be not under- entirely in blue and silver The sme“ of the stable and the oaths and j	washers and like materials 35 to 60
stand what these things meant. He, furniture was upholstered in palo blue 8lang of the men.
The man nodded sulkily^^^^^^' who bad Played the lover so lightly all satin and silver embroideries. Cur- Later still came the bookmakers Farm Implements May Be Scarce and "Tighten and choke off at the last life, did not realise that it	was	tains, hangings, and even carpet, were	vvlt^ {be ir brisk, business-like method	High.
Mind you do it neatly too.	now bis turn to feel Cupid's dart,	and |	«H of the same color, whil* the mir- entering the bets, big	or small; the
You can do it, I know; and it won’t	that be was becoming as deeply	en-	rors and ornaments were entirely of	“8Well s” thousand, or	the country-
£SË ~	lli|i	lllÉll
yer? What if I don't do it? He giv' [ °!> e ' ° uvtf1 him’ W* L*1 shoult) amiability of expression, as though a	mal proportions after thg depression
me u tenner, he did. E's a real gent. (!‘ v. u an enJ now’ an,i there a,]<1 mask were readjusted, while his fat, gg%X=r	- ¦	yXXtt whivh bad characterized it for the last
What if I don’t do it?" he repeated. 1 hf. for™eâ * res,‘lve to retu™ to white hand softly beat time to the B”	«S# two years.
Mr. Vermont’s eyes narrowed till he	' ir l’11 l> ter th® r.ace’ a,ui *° music.	| Jp _	S( Inability ho command needed trans-
ho described in detail to Lady (on-	'	'	¦ which it is to ho applied. Super- m	°f	*ave much «offering from atorma.
stance; adding many little realistic	phosphate (and phosphate, «C the adv.n%T%r	T7 , ,So%f"mer'donotcleanth«ir«W-
touches concerning the fair hostess and	Z*)	rate of about 300 pounds per acre is .n,i‘ s]i ,!eil P ,	the deeler’ hies all winter in order to preserve the
Adrien, till he had convinced her-as	_______________&	recommended for soils rich in lime. '	" It	.a,e,,mm'"" «"«nure, and it gets two feet deep.
to help us, she said, turning to the ' ÆJ.ï2j*\ 1IKIVK	readily for crop use. The dressing
gentleman on her other side. “Auntie	/jÿt. ] 1 f	may be for 300 to 500 pounds per acre, i
has been besieging uncle for the last	Bone meal has been found a valuable
two months; anh has. 1 think, carried /	/	Æ '	manure in the lighter loams that do
the citadel."	/	/	l	not dry out too readily. The appli-
!	^ bat is the motive of the attack ?” I f	\ V	; cation is usually about 600 pounds per
enquired Mortimer Shelton.	Jr	am
j “Aunt Penelope wonts a fancy drees ¦ dance in the ballroom in the east wing,’* she returned gaily, adding, as she loked across at her cousin, who was listening attentively: “Adrien, if you would add your word, we should get it. Won't you do so?”	!
“A fancy dress ball here?" he replied. But it my father has refused you, it is scarcely likely that I shall have any more Influence.'* He turned to his aunt. “Why not have Bar-minster House, Aunt Penelope?” This was the town house, supposed to be given up almost exclusively to the young man's use, though he generally 1 inhabited his own chambers in Jermyn Street. I will hand it over to you from cellar to attic, and will bind myself to he your faithful slave from early morn to dewy ev%”
j
Per Cent
60
CHAPTER IX. (Corn'd>.
I
105
113
100
70

100
46 2-3 66 2-3
93
30
100
16
37
Drills, cutters and other tools made of high special
steel, .................
Lumber of all kinds ....
Paints of all kinds ....
9»»
to-morrow
tool
200
. 10 to 20 10 to 60 Farm Engineering.
hurdle
Farmers are vitally ink1 rested in the difficulties which now
are con-
“All right hoarsely.
Cut and haul all the dead trees, sound down timber, and thin out the a j groves rather than cut growing tim-
ter
her
Haul manure at once to the field and spread now. To pie it up to save it is bo let all the valuable ammonia escape in steam, leaching, and fire-fang-ing. Spread it.
Feed the birds. Throw some brush
government—I	tell
oakum."
you—picking
over a tall stump for a bird shelter Old hay is better.
Oil all the harness
Clean out the horses' feet after every trip in mud or slush
sell."
Don’t let horses stand unblanketed after a trip; blanket them in the stable until they cool off to avoid a chill warm bed these cold nights.
A warm play room with toys, books papers and games is almost a necessity with families of several children, See that the fowls have a clean dry shed or house in which to eab, scratch and loaf in the sun, protected from the wind
Give cats and dogs a
nor-
The
Hang up a cabbage just high enough to make them jump for every bite, but don't let them out in the Give water slightly warm sev.

snow
eral times a day these cold days, to the hens.
Now is the time to run the farm re-
It was just five o'clock when Lady Constance and Leroy returned from their ride


During the course of it Adrien had realised something of his n's beauty of character, as well as of face
rn
V
m
¦


Grapes
day. It is better than oats.
Let no poor widow or old people safer for fuel.
See that all the family have warm under-clothing and warm boots, shoes, mittens and caps and overcoat#. Health comes first, and it is better to do without something else than to run the risk of illness, and doctor hills.
on
ff 1	preen or ripe, in
Æ>	jelly, spiced con-
f	serves, or simply
rç	preserved in light
syrup, make a delicious and inexpensive addition to your winter supplies.
!
s


\
AceOhtÜmsfUthl
»*"#* TWy prWece i UiM.kmewilkwwybl

The best returns from
are not obtained from very large ap plications, and the conclusion reached by the experimenters of the Division of Chemistry is that the function of fertilizers is to raise the small proper, lion of available plant food in the soil rather than to increase materially the amount of total plant food contained therein. Bulletin No. 27, issued by the Dominion Experimental Farms with the view of encouraging the obtaining of a large yield from the acreage at present in crops, says have taken the ground that it will never be economically, even if scientifically, possible to maintain soil fertility by the use of fertiliaera,”
This bulletin speaks strongly of the value of farmyard manure, and recommends the use of fresh manure Ab pre- I
for
/BREADS I Y CAKES I PUDDINGS i PASTRIES 1
C
Buck-White-Tan
10*
I KEEP YOUR I SHOES NEAT
brriuw of its purity and FINE granulation, is best for all preserving.
2 and 5-lb Cartons 10 and 20-lb Bags
1 he All-l'urpose Sugar"
rarer arme lamia rare
We
E POLISHES

M
Atlantic Sugar Rebneriea. Ltd
i MWg., M
i
60
###PAGE###7###
err
table, H Is well to strip off the beards j all the way up to the head, because ib Is these little pockets that catch the sand, and washing does not remove it.
If you wish to keep a very low Are ' going in the furnace, do not clean the 1 ashes from the Are for several days, hut just enough draught bo light it.
A simple and splendid Ailing for
pin cuahions can be made of dreid ™ere ,ia » *“•» ^gnlty ind a.m-
coffee grounds which do not pack *v Tr lu1	*?	,wc
down and never ruat the needle.. Be	fa,,hion î>as ^^en Modtr-
sure all the coloring la out of the ?tlon “? her watchword. At least ground* before filling the pin cuahiona. f°„r a wh'>=-who can aay for how
To get rid of ante in the house paint	“e*ma to hav« *lven UP
the edges and crack* of the floor with ,, y that mayor* of exaggera-
oil of pennyroyal. The ant, will dia-	“a',,n‘f reall?e(1 /hat the ex-
appear very quickly. Care must be	"hortneaa of the skirt, was too
used in the use of the drug, a. ib ia a	*ï® h“ orJ?;med thilt
poison. Cayenne pepper is also very ,	, s fa . >C. .°,?8;er*. The average
effective in ridding the house of ants. I	°/ the skirt to-day is about
Sprinkle it about freely wherever ants dp r.,,n? the	, There are
are seen	! flome * a,,s houses which have gone to
the other extreme, however, and have
made dresses with skirts that reach
the floor, but the majority of them
M n . M .	, bave «truck a happy medium, and it
No Defemmized Race of Women Can 18 not at all likely that the days of
Become Mothers.	trailing skirts will come back again.
Dr. William Lee Howard, a diatin-	are fr?m that .ex'
guished author and sex psychologist, ,j'^u,f1Jnf are wblcb characterized
__________________________________ 5=sm PhS1f=! ÉBIE
half pound each of raw, veal and raw, the box with hay, pressing it well Ten thousand German women are hang jn gtfJj ht ft f . .. ,r*5 beef. Season with three-fourths tea- against the sides, and make nests for ^ing the heaviest kind of labor in the ing hafi be take, f the width of spoon salt, paprika and a little celery j the pans or casseroles you intend to	Krupp works; 20,000 more have taken	: fhe gkjr(jR Th
salt, one-eighth teaspoon nutmeg, one, use, leaving a partition of hay be-	their husband's jobs in Berlin—and	amj the skirt that	measure* fmm
teaspoon lemon juice and a few drops' tween the top of the pots and the box	f°r half their wages, too; 117,000	three to three and a	half Verdn around
of onion juice. Add one beaten egg.! lid. To fill this space you make a	English women arc working in the en-	the hem ig stj„ considered
Mix thoroughly and let stand three mattress like cushion of baize and All	ffineering trade alone, and hundreds	tive wj(lth
hours. Make into small steaks and it tightly with hay. It must At the °f thousands of English, French,	'	.
pan broil. While hot spread with top of the box . tightly and be six Italian and Russian women are doing	‘ rn,g 1 Lme® 1 avor*,(1
butter and sprinkle with salt and pep-, inches thick. See the contents of the men’s work in all kinds of trades and Although the straight effects prepans are absolutely boiling when put	occupations.	j dom‘nate m the	more practical styles,
Plum aSago.—Soak three	and	one-!,IL If opened during cooking they	What kind of mothers will be	made .,n afternoon and	evening dresses there
half ounces of Ane sago in a pint of	must be reboiled. You can make any	of these women, with their bodies	arc HOm® soft draperies to be
water for at least an hour, and then	kind of stew, of meat, game or	poul-j drained of vitality by long hours of	-y rt>n efTe< ts, too, in the form of soft
put both into a saucepan and bring try> bV cooking it over the fire in the man’s labor?	I fji * or *Bther*1 blts tbe mater-,
Continue boiling very uflual way for twenty minutes, and Will even the freedom of bifurcated	l00Ke,y m front of 8°me of
gently, stirring frequently, until the when boiling putting it into the hay garments enable these women to keep c messes.
•ago is quite clear. Stone and skin box, covering ito up with the cushion,1 their physiques at par throughout the (‘ waistline in the new fashions is, one pound of plums and add them, too-	Cutting up the lid and leaving	it six	unaccustomed strain and later bring	^‘™*ra,ly in the normal position where
getoher with six ounces of sugar, and	hours. Lentil, pea or mixed	vege-	forth children fit to cope with the	?ture rm’ant lt to be> but will prob-.
keep the whole simmering until the table soups require thirty minutes’, world?	UnLh Jf	^
plums are soft.	Then pour into a	boib»K on the fire and four hours in	In an interview	Dr.	Howard	said:' f1*1 01 lim®*	1 he**c have been not
well-rinsed mold	and when	cold	turn	the hay box, Boiled meat requires	“No; positively	not!	No defemin-; * examples	of the low waist of
out on a glass dish and serve with thirty minutes' boiling for a small ized race of women can become moth- . OJCn ,ge and thls secms tu be whipped cream.	I joint and forty-five for one of five ers, and that is precisely what is be- gaming popular favor at a great rate.
Tomato Cream Soup — Heat one pounda 0,1(1 fou» to five hours in the ing forced upon the women toilers of r *** many one-piece dresses are
quart of strained stewed' tomatoes to	. beefsteak pudding requires Europe-defeminlzation
boiling; add two tablespoonfuls of ar‘,h#ours1 s‘ea<|y Coding on bhc fire “Physical labor requires muscular
and four to five hours in the hay box; ! effort, and in acquiring the muscular
Soft vege- strength necessary for her new work tables, like potatoes, and cereals, like the woman war toiler of Europe is
large range of other colora to chooee A MAIL CARRIER’S ADVENTURE from, and they have the advantage over the two former in that they arc newer
mmmm
£ ran; f	: %
are the rich, warm burgundy, dark end of Sixteen Mile Range, where h.a
green and mustard yellow. In addi- r"u «topped, and now, late in the
tion to these, brown in several lovely aftcrnoon-. he w“« /-ghting his way shades is favored	home again in the teeth of the biting
The silhouette of the hour ia well wind and snow. He warn well-prepared
depicted in the illustration of the one- fo^thevtojd; f,or bLealdea, a fur *oat piece frock shown here. The design w/h B,h'*h ,collar- hebad wrapped a ia such that it may be developed in two Pal,.of bIankets round his body and materials if desired. The gathered hi” feet were covered with three pairs aide sections of the skirt, as well aa of woolen socks and heavy fur-lined the sleeves and side body, might be of boota- 71,6 sloPe8, of Sixteen Mile satin and the remainder of the dress Ran*e were covered with a dense forest of pine and fir, and the road through the woods ia both narrow and winding. It is a great trapping country, and bear, elk, wolves and mountain lions are all to be found in the woods. It was nothing unusual for the mail carrier to catch sight of several of these animals during one of his trips, but he had never had any trouble with them, and never expected to have any.
On this afternoon as dusk was drawing on, Reynolds came round a sharp curve in the road and saw a large mountain lion standing in the middle of the trail. At the sight of the man the lion turned and ran into the dense forest, and Reynolds thought no more about it.
He had ridden on a mile or so when his horse gave a sudden snort of surprise and terror and jumped forward. Reynolds turned his head just in time to see the lion jump for him. It had been stealthily following him ever since he first saw it.
h
Exciting Experience With a Mountain
Lion.
Useful Hints and General Information for the Busy Housewife
THE FASHIONS
About the House
I!
One gets tired of dark blue
The Silhouette of the Hour
Delectable Dishes
salt to taste ter over cabbage, sprinkle w^th cayenne and fill hollow alternately with layers of macaroni and sauce til cabbage is tender and browned on
Put remainder of but-
Carrot Jam.—Wash the carrots and scrape them clean, then boil until quite tender. Mash them very smoothly and to each pound of pulp add three-quarters of a pound of sugar, a generous pinch of ginger and a half
tliapoonful of grated lemon rind. Boil Home-Made Firelese Cooker.
îS|«: ^ ess
Greta lomato I uddmg.—Line a with the young housewife. However,
' mg mul<1 Wltb Hllot paltry and fill a very Ratiyfactory substitute can be with green tomatoes, sliced and peel- made at virtually no cost and will
. *	™ , tomatoes should be put in prove an economical means of boiling
between layers of sugar and season- and stewing
ed with lemon juice. Cover the top box, if possible with a hinged lid; line with a lid of the pastry, fasten up as it with newspapers or packing paper;
usual and boil hard for two hours,1 then cover the papers with baize or When cooked turn out of the mold and felt, serve with a simple syrup sauce flavored with ground ginger.
Bake un-
top
six

WILL EUROPE BE CHILDLESS?
ed
Get a atout wooden
f,
> /
a

a conserva-

\
per
1

l
seen
to a boil
Reynolds dug his heels into the horse’s side, but he was too late to escape the lion’s leap. The creature landed just on the back of the saddle and ran its claws into the horse to keep its hold. The horse screamed and struggled, but the lion held on and seized the man by the back of the neck with its sharp teeth. Fortunately the collar of Reynold’s fur overcoat kept the teeth from his flesh.
The mail carrier tried to free his right hand from the blanket that he hod wrapped round him, but the terrified horse was bucking and kicking so wildly that Reynolds could not do

I
-*Vv~
I
<& McCall
7417—7 fit
An Attractive Afternoon Frock
flour rubbed amotoh in a little cold wa-Lct the tomatoes boil until
suet pudding the same
ter
thickened, stirring constantly that no	,	.......	,	.	,
lumps form, add salt, also one-half a^1Ce’ 8?K°- X?p'0™’ macaron,, require ( drawing directly upon those vital
rive minutes boiling and one and a forces that are essential for her wo-half hours in the box. Haricot beans, manhood.

"f serge. Bone buttons form a straight unbroken line down the front much- Meanwhile the lion was doing
from collar to hem. The collar is its be8t to bitc through the fur col-open at the throat, for women seem to lar that protected Reynolds' neck, al-prefer the open neck to the high, even though the activity of the horse ob-for autumn wear.	liged him to give a good deal of at-
Amother frock typical of the style tention to the simple matter of stick-
thc second in£ to his place on the animal’s back.
At last Reynolds did get his hand
teaspoonful of celery salt, ready one cup of hot rich milk cream, add the cream or milk to the tomatoes ,and leb all boil together for a minute, serve with bread cut in inch squares and browned in a hot oven.
Have
carrots, turnips, require “The falling birth rate of the belli-twenty minutes’ boiling and three gerent countries has already aroused hours in the box
can be cooked fifteen minutes on the ous aftermath of the war and com-
»««” «—•-»» " "* " m .. ;„mng, one ounce of butter one fore serving at breakfast. Any kind “To understand why my direful tup	>es a vinegar. ret nf fruit can be stewed in the hay box. prediction may come true you must
£4 M&HSualSrSSS-Hs
•V and make a sauce by blending the t.bp frujt an(j |et butter and the seasoning with a cupful of vinegar
Oatmeal porridge the German scientists to this calamit-

/
of the season is seen in
bodice, which ends in front in a point- *ree from tbc blanket, tore the mitten ed tab falling over the deep crush gir- from bis hand and got his six-shooter die, A tassel finishes the tab. This from his belt. He raised it back of lends a fashionable touch often intro- bis head and shot three times, but the duced in this season’s frocks. On the horse bucked so wildly that he missed it simmer ten min- and woman to procreate.	/// I	\	\ V\	skirt the large pointed pockets are the ea(,h shot. There were no more shells
utvs; put into the cooker and leave! • Roth man and woman mu<t so con- lÊÊk	j// |	VA	novelty The points arc ml roldered *n the gun, but he had M al in his
tli»	mtfAr fk. ,„.nanan ...j three hours. Small fruit takes less serve their forces as to be able each Mi /// d	!	1,\ to match the front of the waist
..	, , , '	i J time. Any dish that is to be eaten to produce along their own lines the PUf / j J ' I ll\	These paterne may be obtained the belt and slip) three of them into
r fiv	. i	L lt • hut must be brought to^he boil after best possible for the race. In man;	/ /1 I Jj	!	\\\ \ from your local McCall dealer or from his six-shooter. The rest fell to the
tl*	.i |	*r’_	° e<	taking it out of the hay box before are certain glands, such as the thy- Q 1/ [ I 1	II \ The McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, ground.
. ° 8	"	I serving.	roid, which are situated at the base	//lid	I 1 \ Ontario.	Seizing the saddle horn as firmly as
Apple 1 ie.-—Sift together one heap-	------ .	of the larynx, and the functions of	/Hi I n	I 1 l\	-------?-------- hj could, Reynolds raised the weapon
mg teaspoonful baking powder and ;	Useful Hints.	which have been hitherto unknown,	/Uf il J : | It 1\	BELGIAN KING AGEING. again and shot two of the cartridges
one pint of flour, add a piece of bu^	whose secretions go to make strong	^ j |--------- 1	1	____ behind him. At the second shot the
ter as large as a walnut, one pinch Mend knitted underwear with a muscle and the strong instinct to pro-	X i	^	Never Quits Territory Over Which Bon screamed and fell backward. The
“i.r:r:xzx	^	1,61,1 ,o’ '¦¦lly -	6j ù *«-w- «» z*tiz
out one-half inch thick, butter a square from furniture.	j *--------------+------- fi W>	King Albert of Belgium has aged'Reynolds could stop it. Then he turn-
biacuit tin and cover the bottom and	If you wish fish to be crisp, do not	¦	under the	heavy cares and sorrows	ed and rode back
sides with dough; fill the pan with cover while cooking.	,	ltr,ef Import,	jii	of the present time, and his hair is The lion was trying to get up. "it
quartered juicy apples, sprinkle with	A sharp instrument should never be	Pat Garvey, section foreman	at	W	beginning	to turn grey, according to	was hit in the shoulder and it	could
a little cinnamon and molasses,	used to remove dirt from beneath the	Trunkeyville, was formerly in	the	f	the latest	news from the Belgian1	not stand on its right foreleg	The
Bake in rather quick oven until the finger nail*.	habit of sending long and detailed re- The	(front. His Majesty never leaves the mail carrier discharged his la*t cart-
crust and apples are cooked a	light	When chestnuts are in	season they	ports to the supervisor. Oftentimes	"	*	...	™ OI	,ne	small strip of territory over which	ridge. The bull	struck the lion in	the
browr. Sprinkle a little sugar over are a delicious addition (boiled) to his daily report would contain three	‘ nouelle«	the Belgian flag still flies, refraining head, and it fell dead
the top five minutes before removing a simple salad.	j or four pages. The supervisor be- made with the skirt attached at a from visits to places in France or to Reynolds quieted his horse which
from oven.	Baked stuffed tomatoes	or peppers	came weary of wading through a	low	waistline,	and	a girdle	is	either	Ste- Andresse, where his Government	was	trembling and sweating with	fear
Sweet Pickled Damnons.—Put	two	will be much improved	if brushed	mass of detail, and ordered Garvey to	tied	loosely	at	that	point	or	arranged	bas its seat. If the King of England	and	then picked	up the bodv of	the
pounds of damsons in a large jar with over with olive oil,	“boil” his reports down. “You aren’t at the normal line.	j or President Poincare want to meet lion and tied it securely to the saddle-
one pound of cube sugar. Cover with Do not leave the furnace ashes un- writing love letters,” was the super- xavy Hlue Serge for Autumn the Be,gian sovereign, they have to 1 the skin was too valuable to lose. In thick paper and stand in the oven till	covered after sifting. Sprinkle with	visor’s rebuke, “but railroad reports.”	T. .	,	.,	,	go to this corner by the Yser
the fruit is tender, but not at all brok- water and cover tightly.	| Soon after this ultimatum was receiv- ilimn .	.. se,ge dresa fur aT}-
en. Drain off the syrup and add to Tea that is long steeped loses a ed by Garvey, the memorable cloud- _ . t ¦ ,	, VitWu,8! » ,cn 11 18
It one-half pint of vinegar, six cloves, delicate flavor and develops a larger burst and flood occurred at Trunkey- iirn:,iprv	° °r® . ^ada ^ em*
th, same of all.pice berrle., ten pep- .mount of Unnic âcid.	I *“*•	la laconic report that the 'h?aHe(| J,/'embroidered dSÏl herself as other, see her."
1 are quite elaborate, but in others it is 1 “That’s just an excuse for spend-just a simple touch here and there ing a lot of time in front of a mir-that gives character to a dress and refurnishes the correct spot of colon Although it is evident that rii
c
It shows the close
r
V
belt
He got ten cartridges out of

.
I
*1*1*
this manner he made his way through the fast-falling night to his cabin. It was an unusual tale he had to tell him
“She says she w'shes she could see ’ w^e and children that evening round
the supper table.

Good Excuse,
percorns and a bit of ginger	and mace,	Vegetables containing sugar will	Garvey	sent	in:
Boil all these ingredients	together,	not keep their sweetness long and	"The	river	is where the railroad
and when cold pour them over the should be cooked as soon as possible. : was." damsons, which should have been Croquettes should stand in a warm placed in jars or bottles.	If bottles	place for half an hour before frying;
are used they should be corked and	this makes them brown more quickly, j
the corks waxed over. The pickle Is In covering jelly with paraffin it is fit for use at once, but improves by best to melt the paraffin and turn it
It is excellent with fried over the jelly while the latter is hot.
For peach stains, wet the stain,
| spread it with cream of tartar, and
Then wash as us-1
—  ^-----—-
AUSTRALIAN IeKARLS
United States is the Market for Pearl Fishers' Finds.
On an average, the fog nuisance
avy In the Polar regions conversation costs London about five million pounds (blue and black are the favorite au- can be heard with ease at a distance
tumn colors, still there is quite
Most of the present yield of Australian pearls is going to the United ” States. Pearlers are getting leas for their product than three or four years ago before the great war began. Most of the pearling fleet is laid up and the few boats that are at work at Thursday Island and Bromme mission only to keep hands employed. This is a state of affairs far removed from that when four specimens sold for $86,000 and another was obtained which is valued at $25,000. Meantime a Commonwealth Government
a year
a of more than a mile,
p i n
steaks and chops, as well as with cold meat.
Carrot Chowder.—One cupful of place in the sun diced raw carrot, one cupful of diced ual. raw potatoes, one cupful of sliced raw A good flavor can be added to the onions, one tableepoonful of chopped scalloped potatoes by adding a sweet parsley, one cupful of milk, half a green pepper, boiled and chopped fine, tablespoonful of butter, half a table-1 Bread should not be put into a too spoonful of flour; seasoning the carrots and onions in a quart of the first ton minutes, and then only boiling water for fifteen minubes with gradually.
the lid off the saucepan; add the pota- If garbage is burned it should be toes, cover and boil for twenty min- first dried; otherwise steam is created utes; stir in the milk and seasoning and the moisture is injurious to the and boil for five minutes. Melt the firebox.
butter in a cup and stir the flour into Milk strainers can be cleaned by it smoothly. Add to the contents of rubbing a cake of soap over the wire saucepan, boil all together for anoth- and * then pouring boiling water er five minutes, sprinkle in the parsley through the strainer, and serve.	Eggbeaters should be rinsed as soon
Macaroni Stuffed Cabbage.—One •* used, and any dish that has had head hard, white cabbage, one and one- eggs in it should be filled with cold half cups cooked macaroni, one table- water until it is used.
flour, three tablespoons butter, I To prevent cakes, pies and other one cup sweet milk, four tablespoons pastry from burning on the bottom grated cheese, salt to taste. Cut ou*- sprinkle the bottom of the oven with er leaves from cabbage and one thick fine, dry salt, and your cake or pies
Stand in salted wa- will bake perfectly.
ish in

• •



w #
l

¦ ¦
m
x
$ mM
: »


V


i
are in com

EXKW

V .4:

HFJH


It should not brown for
Boil hot oven
a

j—
¦ Si
Ml


J*


m
-

Wm '







Sr"



I

commission to inquire into the possibility of introducing white labor into the pearling industry has drafted a report which will recommend that matter» be left largely as they present That ia to say virtually that white men are not a succès* divers. “Pearling,” remarks an Australian pearler, “is a precarious business and many men go ‘broke But os with mining there is a peculia. fascination about it. You never know your luck. Once a man embarks in the game he generally keep* going in the hope of some day striking a pearl of great price.”
y
a > v
.

*
' •
\


# \ «
p n>4i


i
¦ *
it
Lft. +*
-,
.. '--a.w



« S



•Art
are at



&







, /
S J


ef








.

as |n*ar
r*











at it
tr



- w


*
spoon
* 1
• • '

Ma


L%




-

/
¦w
ft

i




slice fiom top ter for ten minutes or so cold water and boil Until fork
i -

m * •

e t

%
if




When coal is red-hot it h#a parted will with most of Ito heat; therefore, damp. Remove, drain and cut out ere should be closed before it reaches Melt two tablespoons butter,! that stage to prevent the heat from
I going out the chimney,
When preparing asparagus fur the
&
A*
IMS




VET

r -
At a depth of two th
t
oms under the sea the
pressure of
Serbian Troops Build Sanctuary in Honor of King Peter
THE troop* of to* i «organised Herblan army mirib of Halonikl recently
te bon or of Kmg Peter
water ia two ton* to th« square ir h I aqd the temperature ia only ji*st a host
freezing paint.
center
add flour and when smooth
•d a MMluary er|i4	n*|*
being bald Just before tb« truope are going forth to beiUe
e*i
own hands
ana
Cook until tbi« kened, add
,
###PAGE###8###
HAY WANTED
Shop Here For
% SMle Boot and M Store
Wedding Gifts.
I am prepared to buy any quantity of good, well-saved Pressed Hay, delivered at Shawville, or but rather we try to stock QUALITY, ( other convenient points on railway. Highest market price paid.
When you get an invitation ton wedding and you undecided as to xvliat form the gift will take, pi cam) feel free to come into this store to look around ; it will help you to make up your mind as well as to give you some idea of the amount of money you wish to spend.
It is not a matter of PRICE with us,
a re
and sell SATISFACTION.
lu Fable Silver you will find here a wonderfully complete line of bifi Ihings that are particularly useful and not expensive. If it i*
G* Ae H O W ARD, ,,,att'd Warea y°» delete upon, W. Rogers will give almost the same
service as Sterling.
We will assist you in any way wo can, and not urge that
------- should make a purchase. \\ e feel that this i« a matter you can decide
for yourself.
Chester PHONE 51.
As most people know that on account of the recent great advances in the prices of shoes, that they must pay a fair price to get quality and satisfaction.
P. S —War Horses and Cattle wanted.
you
For Service
For service a pure White. Fee $1.00.
THE MARKETS
SHAWVIILE
JOHN SMILEY. Starks Corners
H. SHADED
Flour per bar re) $8.50 Wheat, pei bushel, 80c to $1.20. Oats, per bushel, 50c.
Beans per hushel, $8.50.
Butter t u bs, print sand roll s 8l’c Potatoes per bag. 1.50c,
Kggs per dozen 35c,
Wool, washed, 48c.
Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 1.00 to 1.50 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.25 Veal Skins, each lH)c
?
But despite the advances we are still selling good shoes at reasonable prices, but our
advice is BUY NOW as they are bound to go higher.
The Shawville Jewelery Store.
NOTICE
I wish all who owe me would call at my office in Shawville and settle accounts immediately.
D
i. W. ARMSTRONG. M. I)..
Montreal, Quo
1
>
Horses for Sale
Get Acquainted with the
Fifteen fine young Horses for sale or exchange. Apply to
. . . COMB IN . . . and let us talk it over with you
I. L. HOLM JINS
Shawville. (ju
Vletrola
F lie follow lug a re lastSat urda ys quot it ions :
Butter, in prints ?5e t o87c Butter In palls30 o 85c Kggs, fresh, per dozen 40 to 45c Potatoes per hag, $1.50 Fork per 100 lbs $11.50 to 15.C0 Beef, per 1(0 lbs, $10 to $11 Oats per bushel 00c Hay per ton 10.00 to 13.00
A
NOTICE
Creditors and debtors of th<* V! d"n I>.m;v t will please hav counts in the hands of the undersigned on or before the 21st of (htober 1M10.
I’\ order of the directors.
T. S. HARRIS
P. E. SMILEY.
iron dl av
Do you know what splendid music this wonderful instrument brings
into your home ?..........................
Do you know that there are Victrolas from $21 to $305, and that we’ll
to suit you.
Conie in and find out all about the Victrola.
favorite music for you
M. It. Mi-fir IRK,
\	President
Local and District.
Your family hav v>u ftu years. >it g you; a matter of mini graph, efficient methods \ a\v a | busiru
Secretary
'sen |'leading with ng for a portrait L *s only the same i demand in vour
Make an
Your friend
ran give them except your pi ! '"n't put until t
titling to da>
lmv
Trespass Notice
CLEAN UP SALE.
1
tin U ; H. Imivn.

s u
All parties are hereby strictly cautioned against hunting, trapping, setting poison ¦0héhé||Bh|
it
Hiv following articles will he sold at a sacrifice in order to clean up :
1 Doherty Plano—new ; ,
Single Buggies and one Express rose l ream Separator—new.
il. iMI-oN
Ml
___¦	<>r trespassing m any manner
rrim* | whatsoever on Lots Nos. i and 2 in the First Range of Litchfield ; also Lot No. 0 in (hr East i;mgt ties who disregard this notit dealt with as the law direefs.
( » E( ). SOM Li; VILLI
also two new
arrange terms
were quite in evidence.	‘ ' 1	I/.V.'	;)u^ un
I la I low een. ( let. 81st. Proceeds
The weekly work meeting of the " i,M to4t,u.‘ P'loh.ise of a hospi-Shawville 11. M. Huh. will he held llil V, , Ari l,1,v,ltatmn K extended on Thtiisday evening of thi- week. (VaM- 1 ,,mv ,lv,i>a cause •worthy at the home of Mrs. Geo. Hodgius. uI *‘u,ll>0! *
A sale of sheet mn-ie i» being Mr. John Stewart, of Mtinellsitv eonduetetl by Rally K. Horner t«*inls lea ving this week on an ex-all popular slmgs, etc'.. 10 sheets tended timber exploring trip foi for $1.00. This i> an op|>orLimity the llawkesbury Lbr. Company, in rarely offered.	* the upper waters of ( he Dnmoine
¦\f«. w i « * i	, liver. He will be absent several
Mr. NX . A. 1 halgm- is making months, as a huge tract of eonntry extensive pretmrations for the is to be covered, cohi xx inter w cat In ?. having installed in his store, a complete and up-to date heating system.
O. A. HOWARD
Î Thorne. Far
HHHnrill U
For Service
We’ll gladly play your
Berkshire Hog. Service tec $1 for i 91.50 foi t wo.
one
Sept. 80, 1010
FHED RICHARDSON,
R. R. No. 1, Shaw vil
Molybdenite in Thorne
to be very good
„	.	......	,	grounds lor believing that a very I
»«r	I^	'‘•‘’teS SHAWVILLE MUSIC STORE.
Rh /on. i iaiJodon. i « f Thorne, about two milea
Iront the village of Ladysmith.
Sa moles have been submitted by Mr. Moodie, Lyon Street, Ottawa, to the Geological Department, ()t-I vndvrs will he received hy the under- tawa, and their report ammlimr
,,, ..... EiSEsEBSEE E£ M •- « 4
jimi Academy.	xalttable. The mineral is worth
E. T. HODGINS, $ ) per pound and is used in the Sec. Treat. I manufacture of war munitions.
Mr. Moot lie has a little box eon-
FARM FOR SALE !ïiSuClÜte'Zit’tlivoye
living s. K. half of lot 24, all lot 26,	»">t fumiliar
SiSiSI
. i .	,n . out into a very busy mining centre.
"i separately to suit. Per ms, cheap Molybdenite is very scarce and is
tMi ca.sh, or to rcMjKmsihlc party will very much in demand by tin
arrange terms to suit.	lions at war.—Com.
Apply to T. A. Eabem, Shawville,
Que., or E. S. E iues
Sisk.
RALLY B. HORNER,
itijjtiS
m
For Service
There *eems
i


Wood Wanted
I lu* Bristol and Clarendon II M. Club will meet in the hall l>i Ct"I c ivners,
|>. m. Program
work :	Heading continued by
I etude Armstrong : Roll call Quotations Ir< ni Nellie Met lung.
The food sale on Saturday, given by Mrs. I )rn pel - Sunday ^
I t--, xvi - i Hueeess ot i kind
Business
Was it YOU
The supply
irovisions being « »t a choict , was rapidly disqxi*ed of t«
• iger purchase! -,
Mi

Notwithstanding the wet and disagreeable night on Fi it lay last, the box social, under the auspice* of L. O. L., No. 2W, Rail ford, held at the home of Mr. W. .1 Horner, was pretty well attended
World s Record Wheat Crop
That we saw going down Main St; with your shoulders all shrunk up—your hands deep down in your trouser pockets and nose red and blue ? WAS IT ?
woriii'V i"t‘i(ir!i VvJiV-it'	im*h. w«i u- *<m
large area*, the Crowfoot Farming 1111 .	.	C ompany of Crowfoot. Alberta,
1 lie husbandman i* busy about -ubmit a *worn statement of their
the house these days, doing the j result* for the year 11115 which various odd jobs which are re- probably Miijwv* all properly qui ml at this time of year. Per- authenticated claims from other haps the nioet abominable of all is sources. Fi nn 18541 having to do w it li stoves and pipes, C'row foot Farming Coin and lit the same time try and reived an average yu control the teniin F.	bushe’s, 3HJ pounds ix?r acre of
number one spring wheat, by lbcre will lie a general meeting of the Error —in its re|>ort of the actual selling weight ; 100 acres shnrvholder* of the Lily Cheese A But-	The defect of American education is
Academy	t	oneert	last	week	this	wheat	averaged	50J	bu*hvls	per	tvr Compmy in Hynes’ Hall, Shawville,	diffuseness. The children are bothered
.lomnal	erroneously	stated	the	«ere.	riie*e	records	were	e*tab-	"n Thursday, Uet. 20, at 2 o’clock,	p.m.,1	and confused by being dragged across
sgsaas wrijzie t	zw
•	Xl ,ull,1|	Shewvill* before ichming it where it and private, and all our universities
n«>\\ st.oids. Pleate attend.	and colleges suffer from this same na-
E. T. HUDGINS.	tional vice, which is a vice In tho
American character, a weakness In our temperament. It ought to lie met and corrected In every Held of life.
What we need is depth. Depth can be imparted through the teaching of anything. It can be imparted through Latin grammar, through handwriting, through carpenter work, through artth. mette or history. The one clement required Is time. Depth cannot l>e Imparted quickly or in many subjects at once. Leisure Is nccessary-a slow, lag down, a taking of things, not easily, but slow ly* determinedly, patiently, ns If there were plenty of time and nothing else counted.
..	.. .	.	This Is the road to rapid and hrib
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIM F nr urCTiyp •	road guldeil and governed and
lime ur mcc Inu .	helped nml slaved over by tho best of
your masters. One subject understood means the world mastered. My friend j Frederick Mather of Tale puts the thing as follows:
i “If one of our small colleges should, l, after tho manner of the English colleges. devote Itself to a few old fashioned subjects, such as Latin and j Greek, and some kind of history and . philosophy, and should really tench , these things, Its graduates would be so fa moot and so eminent that banks and railroad» would be clamoring for them at the college doors.,e
The epigram summarizes the present needs In American education,-John J. Chapman In Atlantic Monthly.
en
n a
wner, Ernfuld,
your
it* res tin
METHODS OF EDUCATION.
IT Sr si NOTICE OF MEETING
A Plea For Fewer Studies and Longer Time Devoted to Them.
You looked as if you had lost your
last friend. If you want a bosom " friend ;
warmth and cling to you
In ease our readers will be inquiring as to the whereabout* of
tsmmm
one that will give you
Hec.-Trc
Shawville, Nov. 10, 1Î116
LIVE POULTRY WANTED.
TRY ONE OF OUR
New Overcoats
Now i* the time to disiKwe of your OLD HENS before the young stock comes on the market, and the price drops. The Shawls Having L*en the happy recipient	»*f a i dle Egg Circle is in a position	to
on	warm	pamd containing a loMy shirt, sent' by hand le Live Fowl on Tuesday	of
suggestion-Mrs. A. S. *ome French Ladies, and bearing with it	week.
Keei tat ion-Mrs.	V.	H.	a_»weet note which I constantly	read ! thing us your fowl and we will
with so much relish, permit me to	nffej j trX «"d give you satisfaction.
most «vre thanks fm this I	W. E. N. HODGINS.
Iieautiful gift are in need of #o much to us is that the whole world is think ing of us ; this helps to give ns cow rag*
-tn«l keep up our final hopes. I shall dc my duty to the my country demand* if. Let us hope the end of struggle is in sight.
Not having the honor of k______l..n
you even by letter, I must not abuse your patience ; but 1 hope with great eon fi« le nee, -I may some day rceejve a short word from v Accept, Dear Mi
A |snlu who thanks you sincerely for your kindness.
"** it ritten m French : -
12th Jvj»teinlier, M)H
The Homemakers’ Club of Austin will meet at the home of Mrs. Miss II. Horner, November 7th. at 2 l>. m. Program Papet clothing
Elliott
McCagg ; Holl call ; Hints by the members.
:
?
We recommend them for
fit, for quality and for correct style.
XU*, in this war we hut a comfort
e n*k it as a favor of our many render*, to overlook any errors, omissions, re|ietition«, or in fact anything unusual, which is liable to occur in this publication, owing to the fact that the editor ha* taken flight, that is to «a h un ten/ therefore, the in charge.
In view
>
thi
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside
% gone x>ys are
;
Your Coat is here
So is your Price.
now

,	»f the approaching
mat lingo of Mi*s L. Pearl McDowell a Linen Shower was tendered her at the home of Miss I»uila A rmstrong. Wednesday afternoon. Little Mi*.* Madelon II algins made the presentation, to which Mias McDowell replied, in a few well chosen words of appreciation, to her many girl friends for their thought!nine**. A dainty tea was served after the presentation.
Second Wednesday
Bristol, - - First Thursday,
Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
Wyman, -	- First Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday,
Yarm • Last Monday, ot each month.
OU
my moat re*;
Come quick before you catch that cold.
soon
Ki’Moxr» Pate» a y
7tli Itegt of Foot Artillery.
3rd Halt, 10th (
Hector 106,
ARCHIE DOVER
om
t


B
