###PAGE###1###
O
81.00 A YEA IJ IN ADVANCE
SHAWVILLE:, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPT. 2h, 1010
No. 15, 34th Year

"



Î55
Si
fc
Tt|e Merchants Banl\ of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1674
Head Office : • Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,096,304 66,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sib II. Montagu Allan VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. HèbdEN GEN. MANAGER ..	..	I). C. Macarow
Capital Paid Up Restand Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
CROCKERY
J
Board of Director* t
Paid up Capital	¦¦
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets
206 Branches and Agencies in Canada*
Money advanced on sale notes, and for stock feeding purposes
87,000,000
7,250,984
86,190,400
Just opened up one assorted crate of* Meakin'n Best White Johnstone China and Gilt Clover Leaf Pattern. All first quality goods, consisting <>f Teas, Plates, Bowie, Jugs, Basins, Sauce Dishes, Platters, Covered Veg. Dishes, etc.
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
• e
# e
e e
Vice-President
ALEXANDER MACLAREN
• #
SIR HENRY N. BATH RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR ''VjtRGB H
E. C. WHIT*» .. ** GEORGE BURN, General Manager
¦ DCTtr"
# •
e e
* #
e #
PERLEY
-*Y
Asst General Manager
a. fin:
R, Chief I
w
STONEWARE
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Savings accounts can he opened as well by mail ss in person, cn which interest Is allowed on balances of $1.00 and upwards.
Churns
Fort Coulonge Branch - J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER, Manager. Portage du Fort Branch » A H MULHERN, Manager
Butter Crocks
Flower Pots
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Nickle Jars
stuff, horticultural pioducts, etc., while not extensive was very
Your family have been pleading with you for years. Sitting for a |K>rtrait is a matter of minutes only—the same efficient methods you demand in your business are observed in ours. Make an appointment to-day î H. Imison.
Vinegar Jars.
weditable, the ciunlity of the potatoes on display being a surprise to many, whose crops of this very essential article of food were a failure this sensonH |Hfl proves that good potatoes have been grown in Pontiac this year, and that fact should be reassuring.
Passing on to the section containing the grain and seeds exhibit,
it was not found in any way lack-I Our instruction being individual you ing in display room, and most of may start at any time, the samples could not be classified We arv H E AI >Q V* ART Kits
out the district is inferior.	otMcc Work.
The display in the dairy depart- Since January. 1013. more than 205 ment, SO far at least as the most students from other local colleges have im|N>rtant exhibits are concerned, joined our classeaH
admitted of . no fault-tinding.	m w^'pited .l£fS2? u5 "'l1* for caUlogue and copy of Cow,
There was fair competition ami pa»t year-mont of them In the Govern '#» Advocate.
the exhibits Kiive evidence of | ment. Sen.l for circular.	#. E. GOWLMTO. H. G. W. Bra.thwait
President
HENRY’S “ Canada’s Best ”
i
Correct prices, quick service, a square deal.
The exhibit
MTU SCHOOL BSSuC&p
Ottawa, Ont.	! OTTAWA,ONT. —
Shawville Fair.
J. H. SHAW. ]
Shawville Fair for the year of grace 1910 has passed into history and no doubt will be looked back to by a good many as an event which fell short in some respects of those which preceded it in recent years.
Whilst it is scarcely the mission of The Equity to supply a reason for the undoubted discrepancy, it may be stated in the first place that unfavorable weather had considerable to do with^he i>er-	superiority
ceptible shrinkage in the alien- (.),eeHe at unprecedented figures, dance. \\ retched weather pre- ^ would have been an anomaly invaded during the first afternoon	were a reverse order of	.
obtainable, and retarding con-	in tilM	liulies*	and	other	kindred	supplies Finishing for amateurs	a	that City.
aidera bly the work of the judges	department#,	a visit to the	second	Si«cialtry. H. ImisoV	*-—-—
in the ring, which, by the way, floor could not be otherwise tiiau	i TO RENT—A house and hani. Inquire
was of a kind altogether too mo-	dinappointing, in view of the	very	Parties requiring Bran	or	Feed,	Mrs.	A-	Yi‘	;Sm,l,h,’	Loll field	P. O.
notonou# to awaken anything like	8tr|kjng decrease	in	the	number	are requested to	call	at	the	Liar,	Terms reasonable	todegir&ble^enant.
a general interest in what was An(j class of articles and specimens endon Holler Mills.—G. F. Wan ,	_	,	T. e .
r’'FlS“‘IS‘ïEi‘vf"ilrroùmï'	»n<t ' w'..».	« you, travel,	“iïjô" oï„“ rSklrai
HE HESS E
prove ment. As it was on files- bumper display strongly suggested day afternoon, there would be no ^ba^ during the past 12 months the -
sas T™s-4	ar» ———»
ïÉSEBE i	SœS Uni
eïhibltJfn "eStf	, IWing on to the ...mltry hQ„W. the^H,^' lu» hope, that th,
5*|ffirS |Egg|gE EEœEF—;;----------------------------------------------------------------------
SWs? *s S1	z SS'lnSiripK:
sa-a •fete.'r « pzzxLTiüafi:
judging from the large number l* <ei ta inly not toi lack of U| eon inaction with the society s
ISiSISS IeIhSf
‘"w'uMhuoo	a l,tv	“2SÏ I'.° ¦*„”!- ‘ Oi'.ThfytdayrftM> Fair. tba	'tCf&tSS “(“iS
ar^"* .ms
Last year the ground floor of the " lullK	....	overheads ere for another down- A few harmless games of chance
main hall presented an attractive- In some respects the exhibit of I pour, and h> people did not ven-1 were in <^«.nition on the last day, ne*s, seldom it ever before ex- horses was very creditable and in tlire far from home, and doubtless .^d provided some amusement for celled. This year the display in several classes - notably general Nome who intended coming gave those who were out to spend a few that respect admitted of no corn- use—there was good competition, the notion altogether. As the Mj«-kels to have a good ti purison. The absence of an ex- but in a good many of the classes | day wore on the leaden canopy a list of the successful compete hi bit such as that put up by the provided for in the prize list there rolled away and a really pleasant t0rH in the wUx.k cln*»e§ appears staff of the Macdonald College de- were no entries at all, an evidence afternoon set in, the weather so another page of this issue, monstration branch last year was that some type* of horse-pro- continuing till the last item on the
at once noticeable on entering the minent some year* ago, are not program—with a few extras in the | A special preacher at the Har building. This year, owing to beinrç raised extensively in the form of speed trial*-was run off. vest Thanksgiving Services, in the lack of assistance and press of district now ; on the other hand. Then a showor came on as people iwrith of Thorne and N. Clarendon, other matters the Demonstrator there is an evidence of increased were moving homeward.	next Sunday, Ovt. 1st, w ill be the
could not undertake the ta*k, production in other classes.	I The program for the afteinoon Kev. F. White. Greer Mount 10-
w hich involved considerable work :	The cattle department was w ell was much the same a* that which 30 a. »u. and N. Clarendon 2.80 p. 111.
lienee the College was represented filled with a fine exhibit, but if. was featured last year Thé ex- Rev. Mr. Reid will take charge of by only a few examples of the1 say, six or seven exhibitors had hibition and judging of light the appointment* of Mr. White in work it was engaged in. A wool sulked and remained at home with horses ; a competition of fancy the parish of Bristol on that date exhibit was one ot these and it their herds, the show would have driving by ladies ; hitch and un-was deserving of sitecial mention	been a dreary failure. It takes	hitch contest ; hurdle leaping, ml
and attracted considerable alien-	people with the good* who are	which the couifiep.tion was it uch	-
tion.	enthusiastic to make a Fair boom, better than last year-tlu* *h«* Many throughout the county
The demonstration exhibit of Progress in sheep raising was concluding with a trial ot ‘-kill in am| district will learn with regret the Poultry department of the manifest in the new building set automobile driving, that evoked (tf the death ot Judge Rainville, Live Stock Branch at Ottawa in apart for the housing of this class much interest. 11 the rounders of ^ hicrli occurred at St. Agathe on charge of Mr. John Mareellus, was of. farm utoek, the raising of which the society had been privileged to Saturday at the age of 44
for the second time shown here, has been given a great imfietiis, by pierce the veil of t ie future to g t |	_,
and was the object of considerable	the high prices commanded for	a glimpse of suc h a thing, quite
interest, est»ecially to those who	both mutton and wool. The herds	undreamed of m t heir days, what	A	special	meet	mg	of	n	)
are devoting some attention to	«how n gave evidence that our far-	amazement would have b «1, No.	AM	will	heheld	on	I	1 clay
wodnctlon.	n.er- me ri.lng to th.* n^l. of the1 their. !	"I evening Jÿ-trt. 2Mth. All «embers
The exhibit of roots and gardenJsituation, which give# such pro- • fbe attendance for the two day* are muted tc. attend
Has proved itself to be Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Exam in allons of Muv last.
---%\
®fS
for Short
ttH
W. A. HODGINS
With butter mid
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
SHAWVILLE
Principal
ON
FOUND — On exhibition grounds, a lady’s folding pocket book, (grey) contain mg a small sum of money. Call at Tin; E y vit Y Office.
For months we have been croaking about advanced prices, and it is with genuine satisfaction that we announce a
50c. drop in Sugars
as represented by the amount realized at the gate, was slightly better than last year as the figures below indicate :
RECEIPTS
Total admissions 1916, Total admissions 1910.
* 737.00 749.00
A much easier feeling in
JAPAN TEAS
in fact we have definitely reduced our popular 30c. Tea to the old figure of . . .
c.. .
Pure Cane Sugar Syrup
me
6c. per pound.
New Fresh Stock of

Ogailvie’s 1 Moose Head ’
ROLLED OATS
at old prices.
Judge Rainville Dead

W. A. HODGINS
yen r»

B
###PAGE###2###
fly led from the silence of tin attic in a quiet byway I Here, seated by the remains of a ! small fire in a narrow grate, she j watched with awkward interest, that I was much like indifference, the efforts of he: rescuer to revive the dying cm; bel s
for a time she refused to take it.
Mother Says We Couldn’t Run The Farm Without
44
%
%

¥
*7

tHos icr^/orMcn

CROWN BRAND
CORN® SYRUP
/
Soup was waimed for her, but
VI
I	IOSIERY that will stand
II	up and look well-
“I am not hungry," she said. "Only tired -^o tired! Why did you xvake me, lady t”
"I awoke you because you were unhappy, and it was dangerous for one so young as you to lie asleep ih the streets,11 replied the meek-eyed wo-
But you m ist not call m
Call me
Y
:'Jr m / / '
that’s what a man wants. It’s an-
n
noying to be everlastingly poking
fT'S downright scandalous, the number of 20 pound tins I buy. I But. as Mother says, we use it (or 'most everything.
* “Nothing else tastes quite so good on all kinds of Hot Bread. Johnny Cake and Griddle Cakes.
“Mother uses it for all her cooking—for Cookies. Cakes, Gingerbread and Pies.
“And 1 am almost ashamed to mention the quantity of 'Crown Brand* and bread that my youngsters consume. This syrup certainly is a favorite in my home".
The 20 pound tin Is convenient and economical for home use, although you can get Crown Brand" In 2. 5 an ! 10 pound tins and 3 pound glass Jars. Ask your dealer.
THE CANADA STARCH CO. LIMITED
MONTNCAl. CARDINAL. NRANTFONO. FONT WILLIAM
Ma A f* s of "Li/v Whit*'' Co>n SytuA—ftrtn.m's Corn Mat\h—‘ Siher Cbn" La**J*y Stanh
a toe through a sock on earth don't they make 'em to wear ?'
" why
\
x\
Penmans do
I
man
lady*; 1 am not a lady
Good sox to look at, good to wear
-----4 color, and weight for every
purpose. Simply say Penmans for Hosiery insurance.
• »#
‘sister
"But you are not my sister," said Jessica petulantly, "1 haven't any sister or brother, or father or mother.”
"Poor thing!" aid the woman, who by this time had made up a bed, plain enough it is true, hut luxurious after the cold doorsteps, and she now helped Jessica to undress thing, you are quite cold; and what are all these bruises? Ah! why will men he so cruel, when Heaven is so kind?”
«5*0
te
May we send you a copy of our new book,
"Desserts and Candles"?
L	—practical—helpful—and free.
Write for it to our Montreal

jlWARDSBURt
I^RNsWi
5

i
Peem en • Limited Perl •
?

Office.
221

"Poor
R
Also m
tf.
If
1
If wealth and luxury alone could 1 thus partially shutting ofY or UuxK que nt 11 y spray materials cannot gain bring happiness, then surely Eveline	tling the mixture as it enters the	en access to them. Since the e diseases
Merivale should have been the moat	gine.	V	' ^ are usually contracted from wounds
m> kmixv nnvti1:nir - envied woman in the world. A re- In either bype of governed the ,made very often by insects, the dan-
sides all	men ain't rmel II,. wasn't"	I nownvd beauty, a leader of fashion,	weights, sleeve and arm aft	not- gei is greatly lessened if these insects
he was kin 1	oh	kind»*»	‘	**	Wlth evel7 wish aad ambition gratifl-	working properly, irrvgulnritySia-Tfie are carefully sprayed for and kept unu	* f. q.	ed—save the one which, at present, action of the engine will result. Rome- der control, hut the besb method of
Then ns th« trir\ ,Vu\	1waH *be cbief <>Wect of her life—to	times we And a spring has been lost	control is to remove ajul hum all
look#Z| har#1 httv lin , :<-uAiP‘’	enclave and retain, as her exclusive	and the weight is wired in place. This	plants which are affected. This :oft
"Now vou will 11n"	'h * A	property, Adrien Leroy.	partially or completely destroys the	rot will live in the soil for two or
44Will you ki s me?" *	S ***' '	i ^er husband, the Knrl of Merivale,	action of the governor. The fly wheel	three years at any rate, and hence it
With the imnulsivn m f • i 8^e rcKurdcd »8 “ necessary encum- m a y have slipped on the shaft, onus- is readily seen that plants attacked hood IpbcIpo .... i, J	° . _	fir *	bra nee, inevitable to the possession of	ing the arm to eense to act on the de-	by this disease should not be planted
linen'handed n.wk oM i Vi««Üd	c- °	l^e fam(>JS Merivale diamonds. His	1 tent. Then the engine will run away,	in soil for three years after adjuster's pale face ^ '	*	°	* hobby was farming, and he detested The same effect» may he produced by ed crop has been grown. It is also
"Hood night " she said	Society; though quite content that his accidental bending of the arm. Of important to notice that ince these
The Sister Smooth “Aii	.	w^c 8bould be made its queen so long	course, the opposite effect may l*e	organisms can live over two or three
Inu- rovi ri» \ h*»»-	/	u>arse P* * j ils ho was left in peace with his short-	produced by either of these troubles,	winters, it woud he foolish to pull up
from tho room	X hor,ns*	causing the engine to run too slow, | manure pile, since they might thus be
Wh. n îpsqi™ mv u *v* .	Certainly Eveline Merivale wus not or to refuse tu run. An engine is spread to ground which was formerly
mrnin hosid^ h„r wifk ‘ XNomn^ *as i in love with her husband; but, on the balanced to run at a certain speed, I unaffected.—Canadian Countryman.
£ sr-stss Jz := sirirss
4.i 0_	. ,. v	. ..	, !** xest to her otherwise monotonous R. Gross in Farm and Dairy.	_ I
now jth , t ' ... arî! not tlred round of amusements to imagine that	-- Owing to the extremely late and
fped to consider whether she should en- ,	’	• an(1 ‘ w‘u K°-	she was; and it pleased her vanity to	Soft Rot of Vegetables.	wvt ding Season thi-; pring, many
*My niece, Jess, d’ye mean?" re- deavor to find Leroy.	!	i!* fu| Jjerhand on thetfrlIs correspond in cypher, through the Th. . .. ,	...	, fall-plowed fields
plied Wilfer, eyeing him suspiciously. "After all," the thought, "perhaps	Not >ili\, she sai<1* “"here medium of the Morning Post, though #	* ‘ “ <llM‘asn avkmg ^Xt‘ral This, of course, rendere<l conditions
"Ain't .«on V, for months; run awsy it is best, us it is. He would give ha.T* y°“ *° ?° ?	.	, „	! every member of her set mi^ht have	“?	* idp:d <"r the growth of weeds, as
last June, after 'elping Vrsclf to some me money, or perhaps a few kind . ov> iro’ Jessica answered list- , rea(j tj,e flippant messages if put in an I	T <loeH not noces- they had no opposition for moisture
of my cash, an' ain't been hack since, words, and only make mv long for	open letter. There was a spice of	if.	W • *' u an<1 l>,ant footl and without doubt
—
^i^F-"~,T........................... n -**..-•
maasmm
danger of Wilfer*» pursuit, she stop- Adrien, she again found herself with-	aR sh® bad slipped away from
—	out a home and without shelter; so, Adrien s residence, and gained the
crouching on a doorstep, as she had Rtreets ancw-done the previous evening,
| with fatigue, she fell arJeep I In the course of the night a dark-
mmd
8
"1 don't know," said Jessica, who took tho question as directed to herself
i
I
s
T#
"II
1


THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
Or The Sunlight of Love

Get After the Weeds
CHAPTER VI.—(ConVd)
were never sown
oppor
yer own bus'ness.'*
re
give
now,
i
ness
*
Not He
of
curses
tttnctS

/
1
pure I^~r
twsilokw

Tl'RP
I64Z

E5T
NTli
OIL
Ü
(To be continued)

overcome

CHAPTER VII
r
These Honest,
Time-Tried
Ingredients—
are the bulwark
It was the night of the great ball at robed woman, passing on the usual	Lady Merivale’s town house, a Blue
round of duty assigned to her, stopped	Hungarian Band was playing dream-
n	an<i 1(>oked at her. She was one of	: ily the waltz of the season, to the ac-
[ J	the band of Good Samaritan Sisters	companiment of light laughter
of Mercy established in some of our	gaily tripping feet. The scent of
London suburbs, who seek out the	ro-es filled the air. Masses of their
helpless and downtrodden in the race	groat pink blooms lurked in every	The governor	of	a	gasoline	engine
of life—with healing in their hands	*mal! nook and corner; while in the	doe8 not	usually	give	much	trouble.
| and pity in their hearts—striving to	centre of the room, half-hidden
raise them up from their hopeless them, a fountain sent its silver position to something better. She into the heated air. stopped, bent down, and, drawing her veil aside, looked closely at the tionless face
turned her head away.	1
“So beautiful! So young! Can it be possible? Sister, sister !"
Jessica awoke at the gentle touch and sprang to her feet.	|
“Johann! Don't strike me/' she exclaimed, with her eyes half closed. |
The Farm
\
of RAMSAY
QUALITY

PAINT
and
Gasoline Engine Governors

r'
In RAMSAY PAIA'T
(E.ubii.M is«) MONTREAL, Que.
rOlOITO AID VAWOOUVE*.
FOR SALE BY ALL DEALERS.
by yet» when It does the trouble is usually serious.
There are two types of governors in common use on gasoline engines, viz., the hit-and-mire governor, and the throttling governor. Both act on the same principle insofar as weigths or balls are used to regulate the action according to speed weights are thrown out by centrifugal S4N.#«* #7 I force when set in motion, the higher
1 the speed the greater the throw of the weights. The weights may be on a separate shaft or mount in the fly
I so that the centrifugal action will not be too great. Hence, the speed of the engine may be reg dated by changing the tension of these springs.
I The hit-and-miss type of governor i regulates the engine by holding the l exhaust valve open when the engine is running slightly over speed the weights are thrown out the governor rle^Ve move to as to press a detent arm towards the exhaust valve rod, which then engages in a notch 1 °r detent on the exhaust valve rod, holding it open until the speed of the Our Rates Hew# Nit Aévmmmé I I engine has g me down to normal.
The throttling governor works in very much the seme way. but the movement of the alec red through • lever t
spray
Peaches
A. RAMSAY & SON CO.
mo-
Then she sighed and
are the most valued treasure on the preserve shelf.
THE
/
LONDON MUTUAL

Think of Getting this Fine Phonograph
ABSOLUTELY FREE
Fire Insurance Co. ef Cauda
t°j£rfJS'jh°ur'. •
FARM INSURANCES
These
You can get this Phonograph «.
tlrsly without charge -or yow
choice of hundreds of other house furnishings. AH that Is necessary for you to do Is to buy your hou hold supplies (seeps, toilet articles, spices, notions, etc.) direct from us, the manufacturers, at less the the regular prices you pay at hoir.
> ou get the same quantity and often a higher quality of supplies and besides obtain fine furnishings FREE, as a bonus
except HHHB West, where a liberal freight eHow
anca la given
Our special list containing all our 'son<ierful money earing offers and illustrating our fine premiums which are given on ail purchaser Sending for It does not obU
I

“My poor girl, no one shall beat Will you come with me?" “With you?" repeated Jessica, fully awake, but still eyeing the Sister with some suspicion. "Where? Not far?"
Springs hold the weight* in
you
S'
m
F,
now
r>
r
y
Pure cane sugar very “FINE” granulation is best for all preserving.
2 and 5-lb Cartons 10 and 20-lb Bags
"TheAU- Purpose Sugar”
Iitm
“No, not far
But why do you say that? Is there anyone wou particularly wish to be near?"
“No,” replied Jessica, adding to Herself, as the Sister of Mercy took 1 her hand, "but she shall not take : far away from him."
! "A roof of thatch is better than that I i Heaven." is an old Spanish prov-I erb, and means, doubtless, that the I
p<H>re-t nrrornmodation is b* tter than I. , none, or that which the streets pro- , | m I v'dr. Je sica, clinging to the Sister of Merry's succouring hand, was gent
â


> As

We prepay In the extreme
• In turntable, nickel plated mound bos tone arm, brake, a peed regulator and mind Ing crank Extra powerful spring will plev any 12 In record In one wtndfig metal Parte nickel-plated or needles.
of $1.00 or more, Is sent free upon request gale you In iny way
me


X

All
I see map hire#
u
rass
F. D. WI
HEAD OFFICE, . TORONTO
ALLEN MANVFACTVRINC CO.
DEPARTMENT “W"
e la transfer r the tin
113 It Paul St. WesL

Montreal, Qua
l
###PAGE###3###
t „
lî
cluelon of rodent», not only exclu*lon from the habitation of man, but also from the port» and cities of the world. Those who dwell In rat proof surrounding» take no plague.
~^3
INVASION OF WOMEN
“Meat Prices Will Not Come Down” is the
cheerful news from the Department of Agriculture. Meat prices will not worry the man or woman who knows that a Shredded Wheat Biscuit will supply more real body-building nutriment than beefsteak or eggs and at much less cost. Shredded Wheat remains the same price, the same high quality, supplying all the nutriment a man needs for a half-day's work. Two shredded wheat biscuits with peaches and cream or other fruits make a complete, nourishing meal at a cost of not over five cents.
Made in Canada

TRAPPERS!
“Made In Canada”
Many New Occupation» Arc Being Opened Up to Them.	I
Sond your
RAWFURS
toJOHNHAUAM
Before the war there were five million, five hundred women wage earners in Great Britain; to-day there are ¦aid to be over ten million. Five million men have enllated for active service, and a woman ha» taken the place of every able-bodied man who might have been engaged in peaceful oc-j cupations. England has never been | so buay a manufacturing and indus-| trial country as she is in 1916, but this would never have been possible if women had not stepped into the breach.
In Canada there is not the same
BLAME ON AUSTRIA
Looked Upon is the Cause of All Germany's Mlefortunes.
RAINCOATS


A Russian officer arriving In Paris from the eastern front states that the difficulties experienced by the Austrians In transporting troops from the Italian front to Oallcla In order to meet the Russian offensive are very great. The Germans had to do the bulk of the work during the first three weeks of the Russian offensive.
Before Kovel and on the road to Lemberg the resistance Is made by the Germans. Indeed, had the Austrians been left to themselves during this period they would have been Irremediably lost, since they were unable to bring up to the battlefield more than eighty or a hundred thousand men.
qraaey the mm* day the hire are reaefy*«.
Æg^arargs? Su? ns
tende ai k., per# I# Oaaada wl > read Ml ft re to at kerne met they know %k*j **«e equate deal, end reeeAre mere m*m*r ft their foes. ton will alee. We k*f mere fere from Iraypere
1 BE : {S&teESL
"JOHN mXjtrUmM 202 Hallam Building, Toronto
*5r
Best for quality, style and value. Guaranteed for all climates.
FREE


V
Ask Your Dealer
A
0 MinioN
supply of surplus available women, so that in this respect Canada has not experienced so great a révolu- II tion in industrial life, but many § new occupations are being opened — to Canadian women, and the demand for women workers in factories and in the great industrial life of the railways is steadily on th«-increase
FROM OLD SCOTLAND
Guard Your Baby’s Health
Like Father, Like Daughter.
Mr. Stock son—So Mr. Bonds pro-po ed to you, eh! Well, he's worth a cool million
NOTES OF INTEREST FROM HE* BANKS AND BRA ESI
The anger of the Germans against the Austrian command can therefore be easily Imagined. Austria's attack on the Trentino, which ended in a formidable check, is made the subject n of derision by the Boches, who also ***** I* Going On In the Highland* see In It the cause of all their mlsfor tunes.
Did you accept him ? Miss Stock son—Not exactly, papa hut I secured a ten days’ opinion on him.
If Sir Robert Borden is to secure his 600,000 Canadian soldiers, 100,000 women must temporarily step into the shoes of so that the latter may be released for service, as the limit of available Mlnard-c Liniment for ale everywhere.
almost to be reached, j Women are already working alongside of men in sacking and hauling of grain at the Great Lakes elevators, in the Canadian Pacific yards and shops where they are cleaning ^
---- in the telegraph services and **
clerical positions hither-
They are acting in :
Cheerful, Chubby Children Make the Home Happy
•nd Lowlands of Aold Scotia.
men
Weak, puny babies arc a constant care to tired mothers and are subject to many disease# that do not affect healthy children.
Keep your children in good health. Sec that their bowels move regularly -especially during the teething period. Thu is a distressing time in the life of every child and the utmost precaution should be taken to keep them well and strong.
By the consistent use of
THE BUBONIC PLAQUE
Disease Is-Identical With the “Black TUI? D(|Af] TO Ml* A I TH Women cabdrivers are stated to be Death” of the Middle Agee.	1IIB IIVni/ IV MMMJrMMJM » a success In Glasgow. One city firm
SSSttLie* Through Rich Blood and
Strong Nerves.
men seems
Fully two-thirds of the talk people hand you is blank.
SEED POTATOES
tlon to raise the price of flour by 24 cents per sack.
Edinburgh accounts show an actual
g&JSfE&jg EHSaks s!S5ï3:? " '5
E; E32	1t
and in 1661 married at Wittenburg, to new health ¦	flHHH
Margaret Dorothy, a daughter of the p;„k Pills. These pills will bring you celebrated Sennert. The following new till every vein with new, rich
Diet meted by hie lose. Major wan- They will supply you with new energy to Company Sergeant-Major Beverley.
SS."«££*£ «STi "IfiB ÏÏ St,h*,iu',orce* " ¦“ |,"r“!	?
• h« hof»nlc»i rardAtm He n.ad« frA-,cme yourself ask your neighbors and fer the freedom of the burgh on Sir
quent voyagee^however, always In' they will tell you of some sufferer Edward Morris Premier of New-
quest of the remedy for plague. Pinal- who has been restored to health and found land when he visits Ayr.
ly, In 1693, he was called to Stockholm strength through using Dr. Williams’! To Provide houses for the rapidly '	'Increasing staff of workers at the
EMD POTATOES. IRISH COB-hlers. Delaware. Carman	Order
Supply limited Write for quo-H. W. Dawson. Brampton.
disease have themselves died of that disease.
One of the most Interesting exam-
cars,
in many to held by men
some places as Station Agents with —
their employers. D
But Canadians who visit England are surprised to find women ticket inspectors and guards, women as elevator attendants, women as chuuf
feurs, and train conductors, women as _______
ïrvCM?	36
Bt once tm tiens
Debility is a word that fairly ex
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
ROFIT-MAK1NO NEWS AND JO» Office» for male In good Ontario town» The most useful and Interesting of all businesses Full Information on epplicetlon to Wilson Publishing Corn-73 West Adelaide Street. Toronto.
MISCELLANEOUS
satisfaction to
The burgh of Montrose had loans
pany
it is possible to avoid many childish ills now so prevalent.
It is a corrective for diarrhoea, colic and other infantile ailments. It soothes the fsetting bahy and permits the child to sleep well and grow healthy. It brings comfort and relief to both child and mother.
, the long continued rainfall. In many Instances fruit of all kinds Is a total failure.
An Interesting function occurred In
take Dr. Williams
*
SANG UNTIL KILLED
Bsooms • Registered Nuree
and receive pay while learning
Tb» Batb Israel Hospital of York City Founded 1MO
Awdlted by th«* New V „k Stole E îuoeSk n I*»*-Offers s two-ai.d-we-be f year eutm* I. tfeleh « for bwet w;li, Bllower.w* oislktetieowe A»P treey ¦ u»t here one year tlrh ecbonl inerruaih n r its eAweh t.»l »qu ?*'*«» F,-r panleelwMWsse »«ib leree- H- mpitel. 84 J.ffereon St . >w T *

German Soldier’s Baritone Enjoyed by Friend and Foe.
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
Makes Cheerful, Chubby Children
Now and then a “close up” shows In the big war drama In France English officer returning wounded to Ix>ndon told the story of Paul.
At a point where the opposing lines were so close the enemies caught occasional glimpses of one another, Paul’s rich baritone entertained his
comrades and the British
An
HOOK ON
w
DOG DISEASES
And How to Feed
le absolutely non-narcotic, it centaine no opium, morphine nor any of their derivative# It is 100thing, pleasant and harmless. For generations mothers In all parts of the world have used It end millions of babies have been benefited by it.
German
Tommies alike.
During lulls in the fighting, to a mouth harp accompaniment, Paul nang \ favorite tunes from light operas. He • always drew a generous hand from
the British soldiers.	—
One day the British “went over" for
a charge
formed they called for a song “Tell Paul to sing,” „
Tommy.
There was silence Then a German called back sliooted Paul
free to ssy addrv-a by the Author
Arnica's
. Fleeter I H. CLAY GLOVER CO., Ire
.Do? Remédias 1118 West 31 »t Street, New York
spEiHSS: E E SHrw
™.%%% zsr&stssrA
die Ages. Primarily a disease of ro- have done for me. I had an operation was a Justice of the peace for Rox-donte, caused by a short dumbbell for tumors. The operation in itself burghshlre. and for a long period a shaped microscopic vegetable, the poet was quite successful, but I was so member of the Kelso Town Council, bacillus, it occurs In man In three badly run down and anaemic that I ,.Tierlw.aî formally handed over to
!§ÉÊbH#H
eighty-six pounds and could scarcely Society, erected at a cost of $6,760. walk across the floor. I had got so The first motor fishing boat built In

When buying your Piano insist on having an
When the lines were re
yelled a
Sold hy mU drnfgim As CmnaAm mud tknughtU tkt uv»r/d
OTTO KIGEL
for a moment. You haf
Piano Action
i
he sings no more
Losing Ground.
“My wife is in a fix about her garden party."
“What's wrong?"
“Declinations are coming in about as fast as she can send invitations
CÎ — * a Oraaelalad Eyelids.
sore 2r„l6sijS«G
Ew _	quickly relieved by Marine
t VCS**tBe,*> No Smarting, ¦**47	just Eye Comfort. At
Druggist's 50c per Bottle. MorlneE)» SalveinTubes2$c. ForBeoà el ikeEyefreeask Druggists or Mnrfeetye Remedy Ce . Chlcsg#
STOPS
LAMENESS
^BSORBINE
fatal, and the bubonic, In which even with the most modern methods of
treatment the mortality is about SO .... A .	.......	,.	,	. .
per cent. It Is a disease of commerce, «ck of doctors' medicine that I would	Kincardineshire	was recently launched
spreading around the globe in the body vomit when I tried to take it. A good	from	the building yard of Mr. A. Clark,
of the ship bornp rat It l estimated friend urged me to try Dr. Williams’	Cowle,	Stonehaven, to	the order of
that every case of human plague costs ' pink Pills, so I	bought a box.	Before	Me8*rs- Jame8 IJurnett	& Sons, saw-	ou a
z.zt'zzs •'	,d,.sra	,. «« ».
The disease Is now treated by a! thirteen boxes and am to-day enjoy- mit.	, f‘a	w bride-elect who was ordering her
serum discovered through the genius ing the best health of my life and , During the flag day recently held In Mr. Jones is engaged, ma am, re- trolJggeau in England before going out of Yersln. This is used in much the weigh 140 pounds. I sincerely hope Glasgow In aid of the Princess Louise phed the new office boy.	j^ew Zealand to be married. The
same way as la diphtheria antitoxin.	anyone suffering as I did will give Hospital for limbless sailors and sol-, “Engaged, fiddlesticks, exclaimed .i,eg«maker suggested only very warm
Plague is transferred from the sick Drf Williams' Pink Pills a fair trial, fj*** a 8Um of over |n'0,° wa8 co1* the lady. “He’s married, and I'm his	an(j ^en the young lady de-
The^ck* rat* has enormous numbers and 1 f^l„8Ure	they W,H	not	be ,lls' -	The	Rt. Hon. Atholl	Monson. 26th ------------------------------------ murred	at	this, asserting	that	the
of plague bacilli in Its blood. The aPPolnted-	Baron	Forbes, premier	baron in the	climate	of	New Zealand	is	a	beauti-
blood le taken by the flea, which, leav-j You can *et these Pl,,s from any i peerage of Scotland, and chief of the	fully mild one, she was immediately
ing the sick rat, seeks refuge and bus medicine dealer or by mail at 50 cents	clan	Forbes of	Castle Forbes, A her	informed—“I	assure	you, madam,
tenence on the body of a human being. I a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The	deen,	_ has left	an estate valued at	are	miftaken,	for	that, of course,
Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock-, $29,767.	• This is to certify that I have used where the frozen meat comes from."
MINARD'S LINIMENT in my family for years, and consider it the best *!**,.*"* uniment liniment on the market. I have found it excellent for horse flesh.
(Signed)
from a Bone Spavin, Ring Bone, Splint, Curb, Side Bone, or similar trouble and gets horse going sound. It acts mildly but quickly and good reDoes not blister hair and horse can
Your
suits are lasti
«L
or remove
be worked. Page 17 in pamphlet with each bottle tells how. $2.00 a bottle delivered. Horse Book 9 M free. ABSORBING, JR., the antiseptic liniment for mankind, reduces Painful Swellings, Enlarged Glands, Wens, Bruises, Varicose Veins heals Sores. Alleys Pain. Will tell you more if you write. $1 and $2 a bottle at
Gave Him a Pointer
Had To Be ( old There

i

*tx\en o» ielircied. Liberal trial bottle for 10c
ff F. TOUHG. p. D. F., 516 Lymans Bldg., Montreal, Gem AtoorMac tad Abserb’nc. Jr., are made la Canada.»
SOLVE THIS
Puzzle
AND
to whom It transfers the Infection Since plague Is a disease of rodents ville, Ont and since it Is carried from sick rodents to well men by rodent fleas k safety from the disease lies in the ex
•>
THE CAT'S WHISKERS.
Terrible Story of Austro-Hungarian The Reason That ^ Are StiM in
Outrages In Serbia.	StyW.
Many people are inclined to dis- Although hirsute adornments of all j w ^	*	¦ soclate the Austro Hungarians fa>m kinds, whiskers included, were once
I	the charges of lustful savagery whfoft	the real and indispensable thing, moll Jltîü I	have been proved against the Huns,	Hern sanitary practice has made such
¦	They will be unpleasantly made aware	inroads on unharvested beards and
0^ JM ¦ of t*16 trutl‘ by a 8Jun<!c,al the offlclal long hair that only a few scattered
and I SœSïF""1 “s”“ =
1 fllTPP I	Laueanne. ha. collected evidence of	however, the house cat ha. grown	ity.
W&1VV ¦	what actually happened His report	and nurtured its crop of whiskers or
_	I	li a thorough examination of facts,	feelers for the last million year# or
I verified on the spot.	so without bothering about hygiene.
QOlll	I	Dr. Reiss's pictures are photographs	The	fact	is that the cat’s	whiskers
I of horrors. They alone prove “that are absolutely necessary to it The Mtaswre Liniment Ow Barns
#	¦ the 'charming Austrian people* and the whiskers are as long as the cat’s head	----- Between the men who used to do
AOPDO I	'Pro*"! and gallant Magyar race’ have	iH wi(ie and the |,ea(j fa aa wide as	8ir William Robertson. things and the men who are some
CKcf A wTww I	had the doubtful honor of surpassing,	..	v^’ n wherever the whiskers	Sir	William Robertson and General day going to do things are the men
®	I if possible, their German friend, in the t^m»y be « also	Haig are exercising a rigid discipline who are actually doing the work of
¦	bestiality."	&0 ”ier*	^	— I in dealing with the higher commandsu	u	g
IICp	I	The Austrians are convicted out of;	The	tiny,	delicate	K i	grow	from	g^clency Is the only test. There is no
**¦	their own mouths. Explosive and dum-	a gland and are nerved to the utmost	hesitation In dispensing with g< nerals
dum bullets were freely used ; this,	sensibility. No matter how light the	who are not up to their work. Home
with the bombardment of open towns	touch of the hair against an obstacle	th*y	go. Sir William Robertson is
and the mere shooting down of civil-	% is instantly felt by the cat.—Popu-	quite	a character. He Is a man of few
Ians, must be considered tfre minor |ar Science	Monthly.	words and strong views. Officers’
cruelties of which they were guilty. ,	messes are full of good stories regardAt the instigation of Austrian of-	ing him. The following may be taken
fleers men and women were killed and	as typical. An important military pro-
mutilated with knives In ways which	posai was being discussed at a conit is Impossible to describe.	ference. Many lengthy speech
i Dr Reiss comments on the fact that	11 II 11 I	been delivered Then Hir William a
th« Krrh	are very n served	opinion was Invli.wi. He ro*ponded
can't have It”
HUN SAVAGERY OUTDONE
WIN A LOT
A Poser For The Teacher
“Now, remember, children, the tares represent the bad people and the wheat the good ones," observed the teacher of the Sunday School class. “Why, Miss Mason?’’ exclaimed a rosy cheeked boy, who had been listening through the lesson with deep in-
W. S. PINEO
“Woodlands,” Middleton, N.S.
To make better known our Bum-
In the heart of the
mer resort Laurent Ian AlountaJne. North <>f
««'‘«EE"
¦olving this pusale. Put re (no two alike) in aa^h of
•muarea
otaI of 16
down and crosaway#
to anyone
a flgu
the •
8 1
and
Who Cashed it?
“Did you say the bares are
“I sent a check to that fund, but the bad folks and the wheat the good
“Yes, James,” replied the
teacher, pleased at the lad’s interest. “Well, that’s funny, I think,” marked the matter of-fact child. “It’s the wheat that gets thrashed; the tares don’t."
above ao aa to make by adding them uo
this, I don’t believe in parading my char- ones?”
Notwithstanding
Bend solution with 6c. In poet age for copy of Prospectus to
re-
sell?”
“So I signed a fictitions name

to
it.”
Machinery For Sale
Bto.
Wheclock Engine, 150 H P., 18x42, with double main driving belt 24 ins. wide, and Dynamo 30 K W. belt driven. All in first class condition. Would be sold together or separately ; also a lot of shafting at a very great bargain as room Is required immediately.
S. Frank Wilson A Sons
78 Adelaide Street West,
Toronto.
the world
#
m
j
POSTOM
0
v




REMEMBER I The ointment
you put on your child’s skin gets into the system just as surely as food the child eats, impure fata and mineral coloring matter (such as many of the cheap ointments contain) get into your child's blood 1 Zam-Buk is purely herbal. No poisonous coloring. Vse it always.
'There’s
had
f- DODDS
^KIDNEY;
1 Es
Don’t let
a
j indeed, and I am convinced that they are more Inclined to say too little than m u c
more victims than
In many of the villages almoet all the women from the very youngest to the oldest, have been violated "
Reason
/
I think there are many
In the lists.
Dyeing Materials in Brasil.
Brasil is said to be capable of furnishing a profusion of materials for dyeing purposes seldom found in one
The list ranges from black
Of the
eld-time vegetable dyes Brasil posai most endless variety.
Many a bluffer has a wife that he


very

50

5fts*
##unt
to faint yellows and rose

There are two aides to every story and some have four aides and a cell-
1 V
I
ing
UK

t an
A
We alwaya admire a man who say#
91
3 THE


I E
IS.
ED. 7.
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
I'air ewes, I shear, of their class—Jno A Sturgeon 1, Newton Lewis -J.
West medium shearling owe - Lyndon Hudgins I. Thus Mel>owell 2.
S W l X E
Directo r in charge —NX C Young.
OK ADR.
Breeding *vw, ti mo# ai <1 over—George E Palm i 1, W T Barber 2.
Breedimi sow. under (» mo*—George K Palmor L Ttiee Findlay 2, I< A Hudgins
Bacon log, 1iKHo220 lb»—Alex Bean L Geo K lVmer 2, Thus Fit dUy 3.
BERKSHIRE*
Boar, aged—Geo L 1 Miner 1.
Sjw, pgvd —(Lu K Palmer 1, A1 • x Bean 2
Saw of ava ton—Alex Bum 1, Go rge K Palmer 2
B ar of season Alex Bean 1, George ! K Palmer 2	'
CHESTER WHITE.
B ar, #g* d Gordon R’chardeoti 1.
Sow, aged- Il T Mcl) well 1 Sow of season—H T McDowell 1 Boar of season — H T McDowell 1.
SPECIAL».
Registered bro »d sows —Alex Bean 1. Pair hoga—Chaa K Palmer 1.
POULTRY.
Diiectora in charge—Jilin Stanton and M Kavanagh.
“ FOUR-NINETY "
Lady driving Mi" (i McDowell 1, Miss Bessie Thomas 2.
Single 3-yr old roadster or carriage horse, judged for style, action and manners - das. Prendergnst l.
Highest leaping horse— \\ A Hudgins,
(ridel*, Victor Pindlav 1.
CHEVROLET
J
SHAWV1LLE, SEP. 28, 1916.
A

lir mill ut the out took place \x lien it i> reported
f
't vVvIMU
I
C A T T L I
I >mrt<
I1 '
is in charge V II Talier
ht
Dairy .1 Cahill

I
I
\ 1*1
KKtiI*»TKKKI> <Hi4$Tl!oliV
Il I’almci I. Bobt
V 1

t
Hull, 2 vr vM ( McDowell 2.
f I
l(H I
Ü


I hill, I vr old
Dios Palmer 1. rims McDowell I
nersona and tl
the dead
ig of 1 It! others. But th I not have things all its own Two of the Xejips were brought • the defenders' high angle guns one descending in Haines with her crew roasted to death : the thcr came down badly damaged, but her crew were alive and are now prists of war. Britain's preparations for mg with these nocturnal invasions ns now to he pretty thorough
:
lit
Win
lir Hudgins 2.
11 viler, 2 yr old -Win Hudgins 1 VIioh. McDowell 2.
11 viler, 1 yr old -Win Hudgins 1 Thus McDowvll 2.
Heifer va If .1 II Brownlee 1, Th McDowell 2, Win Hudgins 3.
Shorthorn vow Wm Hudgins 1, .1 11 Brownlee 2, Thus Mrllowell 3.
Herd of cattle Win Hudgins 1, Thus McDowell 2.
36

\
1110*
I is

PRICE $650.00 F. O. B , OSHAWA, ONT.

Over 500 Chevrolets delivered in the Province of Quebec this season, and every one giving* good satisfaction.
N\ e have reports of ns high ns 32 miles to the gallon of gasoline, on cars delivered in Pontiac.
It is an admitted fact that the valve-in-head motor does give 1.1 p. e. more |X)wer than any other type ot gasoline motor, which means 1.1 p. c. more miles per gallon of gasoline.
NN itli the price of gasoline at what it is, the proven economy of the Chevrolet valve-in-head ear should make it the preference.

REGISTERED AYKS1URK
Bull, 3 vvs old—Buy Duff 1.
Bull, 2 yrs old das Armstrong 1. Bull call Elliott Hudgins 1.
Heifer, 2 yrs old das Armstrong 1, Harjier Bennivk 2.
Heifer, 1 yr old das Armstrong 1. Heifer calf- Harper Kenniek 1.
MiIvh cow das Armstrong 1.
Herd of cattle- das Armstrong 1.
REGISTERED JERSEY».
Bull, 1 yr old 11 T Argue 1.
Bull calf— H T Argue 1.
Heifer, 1 yr old - Il T Argue I.
Heifer calf Henry Mel ht well 1, H f Argue 2.
Milch cow—H T Argue 1.
Herd of cattle -H T Argue 1.
REGISTER Eli HuLSTEINS.
Bull, 3 yrs old and tip E T Brown-
SHAWVILLE FAIR
List of the Prize-Winners
WHITE WYANDOTTE».
Cock—Nelson McLtl'an 1, E T Brownlee 2, E d Barber 3.
lien—H G Hudgins 1, Nelson Me-Lellsn 2. E T Brow ni. e 3.
Cockerel — Nelson McLellsn 1, R G Hodgii s 2. Chestt r Biowidee 3.
Pullet—Neleoi McLsIltn l, R (» Hod-gins 2, Chester Brownlee 3.
H O R 8 E 8.
Directors in charge :
Heavy horses -d. d. McVeigh, ( Howard : Light Horses- Fred Thomas, W. J. Thompson.
lVrchenm— Bair horses — James A t indlay l.
THE MacLEAN MACHINE WORKS, AGENTS,
CAMPBELLS BAY
A
QUEBEC.
CANADIAN
PLYMOUTH HOCK.
l ock—Beit H« tlgms 1, Geo K Palmer 2, Armen Dagg 3.
Hen—Bert Hudgins 1, hJsrl Dagg 2,
R G Hudgins 3.	, mw	_
B,,„. ,,».« h a Homer i, h ti «SSKÎ'' » •" Homeseekers’
Argue 2.	i Pullet—R A Dale 1, Bert Hodgins 2,	pYPIlPsintlCl
Bull, t yr old Lyndon Hodgins 1, ¦ Nt’aato MeLe'lan 3.	-	1	BAWrWWUa
I. B 11 Armstrong 2, Kobt McDowell 3. | R A M algins 2, Jos 1» Kilgour 3 Pair horses—Henry McDowell 1, J B Kilgour 2.
HEAVY l»k\hT HOKsEs
TAILORING-
Marc and foal K V Brownlee 1, Nathan Dagg 2, R J Wilson 3.
Fml of season Lindsay Armstrong 1, J B Kilgour 2, R J Wilson 3.
Volt or filly—John Cunningham 1, Jas Armstrong 2.
Filly or gelding (2 yrs)- Percy Dagg
RAILWAY CO.
Ill-1
Now is a good time to have
your Fall Suit made up
We have in stock good material in late patterns for you to choose from.
To Winnipeg, Edmonton, Calgary
anti intermediate Stations and return
Every Tuesday from March T to October 31, 1916.
Return limit two months.
For particulars tickets, etc. apply to,
C. A. L. TUCKER.
Agent Shaw ville.
PLYMOUTH ROCK—OTHER VARIETY.
I'.ull call KT Brownlee 1. Lyndoni Cock—W K Shaw 1, HO Little 2. Hodgins 2. Il l Argue 3.	| Hen-W E Sins 1. KG Little 2, E'-
Heifer, 2 yrs old- E T Brownlee 1, | giu Hodgins 3 Lyndon Hodgins 2, H T Argue 3.
Heifer 1 yr old - KT Brownlee 1, H A Hodgins 2. Mervyn Dale 3.
Heifer calf- Lyndon Hodgins 1, HT Argue 2.
Milch cow E T Brownlee 1, Lyndon Hodgin» 2, H T Argue 3.
Herd of cattle K T Brow nice 1, Lyndon Hodgins 2, H T Argue 3.
?
i w
XiiRlVVI.TVKXL MORSKs.
Mare and foal Peter Moyle 1, B J Wilson 2. Milton Bussed 1 3.
Foal of season— Peter Moyle 1, Hex fotd Wilson 2, H A Hedging 3.
Volt or filly, (1 yr)—W T Barber 1, «> A Armstrong 2. .1 1» Kilgour 3.
Filiy or gelding (2 years) W T Bar ' or I. Milton Bussell 2, B .1 Hamilton 3. Pair horses
Holmes 2, B A Hodgins 3.
( ENLit XL Pt RPOsE HORSIB
JK

C'i<kvieî—R (i Little 1, K T BtoiriJee 2, XV E Shaw 3.
Pullet— XX K Shaw 1, R G Little 2

i

W)
B»
n
m
K
ittioDK islam» reos.
V ck —Rev C Reid 1.
Hen—Ruv C Reid 1. Cockerel—He»b C Hodgins 1 Pallet—Herb C Hodgins 1.
WHITE LEGHORNS.

v

11
fl)

Geo l>rRj»er 1, Roy
Spring and Fall Overcoats just arrived in black and dark gray colors.	/

I <
Cock — N R.t wiilee 1, Cheater Brown-
BEEF STRAIN GRADES
Heifer, 2 yrs old Robert McDowell |	^
1. Thomas Md><>wvll 2, Jas Armstrong3 Heifer, 1 yr old -Roliert McDowell 1 XX T Burlier 2, XV E Shaw 3.
Milch cow Rex ford XVilson 1.
Trespassing Forbidden.
1 *
fi
Hen —N Brownlee 1. Cheater Brown lee 2.
C JPY RI 6 hL#_-'_. '
Mare ami foal -Gordon Richardson 1,
Rex ford Wilson 2, E .1 Barl»er 3.
Foul cf reason—( îordon Richardson 1,
W 1 8t.uk 2, A Me Knight 3.
( It or filly W T Barber l. W .1
array 2, Harry Corrigan 3.	I Heifer, 2 yrs old—K A Hodgins 1.
Filly or gelding Percy Dagg 1, Enter Lyndon Hodgins 2, Roy Duff 3.
1 Cotie 2, J D Hodgins 3.	Heifer, 1 yr old—R A Hodgins 1, Ed
Pair horses .1 B Amistroi 1, Il A I Young -J. Roy Duff3.
Ileifer < ah R< \ I luff I, Ja*X\ Eades 2, Lyndon Hislgins 3.
Milch vow —Lyndon Hodgins 1, Ja* A ini strong 2, Roy Duff 3, Thomas Findlay 4.
1 hereby forbid all parties from très pacing in any manner whatsoever on Lot No. 0, in the 1st range of Thorne township. Parties found so-doing after i this notice will l>e dealt with as the law directs.
» w
Cockerel —Chester Brownlee 1, Mrs H Mi Ur 2, N R Biownlee 3
Pullet—E T Brownlee 1, Ches. Brown-h e 2, N Prow idee 3.
DAIRY STRAIN GRADES
M
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
LEGHORN—OTHER VARIETY.
Cock—Th"# Fiidlay 1, Peicy Dagg 2.
FOWLS—OTHER VARIETY.
C ck—Wi fr d Bean 1.
Hen—Wi.frcd Bean 1, At men Dagg 2 Cockerel —Mis 11 Miller 1, Wilfred Bean 2, R A Da e 3.
Pullet—Mrs U Millar 1. Wilfred Bean 2, R A Dale 3.

FRANK MORIN
Thorne Centre, Aug. 30. 1916.
H
2, Mil burn Coughlin 3
Sheriff’s Sales.
HEAVY HT ALLIONS (Reg.)
Clyde—Tin nuns McDowell 1, Win J Stark 2.
1’ercheron—John Horner 1.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Herd of cattle I.ymlon 1 begins 1 K A Hodgins 2, Roy Duff 3.
SPECIALS.
Bucks, pair InJiati Runner, yrung—
Ja* W K ni es 1.
Geese. p»ir Tou’mne, old—R »bt Me-Bent	li' ii-1. 1 yr old,judged f"i beef	- M) 1 11, W K N li >dg ns 2.
Win Hudgins 1, Thon McDowell 2	| pair Touuuee, joong—Robert I TENEMENTS	have	been seized
..	. .	.	, Best heifer, 1 yr old, judged for milk M^l):,w£11	t „ will be sold at the respective time and
M.ire and	tonl	- lv»y	Dili! 1, Graham —K T	Brownlee 1, Roy Duff 2.	I 1 -lr * '*eo118 * R <• Hodgm* 1,	Ernest	.,ia(.e	mentioned below.
i! Jinuson	..	A	Me Knight	3.	Rest	heifer, 2 yr» old, judged for beef * “eo6oc* -
I nal oi season Roy Dufi 1, Garret —X\ in Hodgins 1, Thos McDowell 2.
X\.i!s}i 2, Graham I hompson 3.	Ik st heifer, 2 yrs old, judged for milk
< olt or filly (1 yr) Roy I >ufl 1, .XI- —Lyndon Hodgins 1, li A Hodgins 2.
:u: ( hisnell 2, J II Kilgour 3.	I iv*t cow, beef strain, grade or reg —
Filly .>r gelding (2 yrs)- Roy Duff 1, XX m Hodgins 1, .1 H Brownlee 2.
>.mi Armstrong 2, (Jarret Walsh 3.	Rest cow. dairy strain, grade or régis
>ingle mare or gelding O D Sullivan tered K T Brownlee 1, Lyndon Hod J, Ed Young 2, XX E N Hodgins 3.
Fair horses—Dr S L O’Hara 1, Albert
STAND Aim BRED IIoR>Es.
id foal XX I » Hodgins. Foal of season —XX' 1 ) Hodgins. Volt or filly (1 year) - Ira Hanna
COACH OR CARRIAGE.
Mart
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and
and
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom. Sawing1.
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS.
SPECIAL*
Pair Wyandotte chicks—Nelson Me- Province of Quebec,X
Le'Un 1.	District of Pontiac. !- Superior Covht
Pen of Barred Rock chicks—Elgin	No. 1577. J
11 d,"‘* L	I THE TRUST A LOAN CO., of Can
adit. Plaintiff ;
ANGER, Defendant
VS. WILLIE BEL
Impossibility,
WI see the new stylish costume»
gins 2.
Best herd of Shorthorn cattle—Wm ropi Paris are sensible." Hodgins ], rims McDowell 2.	"That's impossible.”
Best herd of Ayrshire cattle—James "Why?”
A lot of land situated in the parish of Saint Isidore, in the county of Temisca-miligne, known and designated on the official plan of the township of Baby, 1
(formerly forming mrt -*t tin «uit> of	it Seemed Like it
IXmtifte), in the said county ot Tcmisca-1 Lecturer—The Idea of eternity, my iningue, under the number seven (7) in "rlends, Is something too vast for the the lii»t i mge of the said township "i mman mind to conceive. Voice From
ludlence—Did you ever pay for a $700 tlano on the Installment plan?—Life.
Hot
or 2
ROAPsTEK and saddle
Gordon Armstrong I
"If sensible they couldn’t be stylish.”
Mare and foal—XV J Stark 1 Richardson 2, Hoy Duff 3.
Foal of season—James Prendergast 1,
- Jordon Richardson 2, XX J Stark 3.
< '«»lt or filly (1 yr)—Hugh A Horner 1, K A Hodgins 2, Neil Doherty 3.
Filly or gelding (2 yrs) -Andrew Me-Knight 1. .1 A Little 2, Alex Meldruni 3. | Director in charge—XX' V X'oung Single mare or gelding —John Dolan I, L .1 Hamilton 2. Paddy Cassidy 3.
Lawn llym-s
The Subject He Liked Beet.
“You talk well on the subject In s-hlch you are most Interested,” said he Impertinent girl “And what Is that?” maid the man, imelling n compliment “Yourself,” said the impertinent girl lemurely.
ltvst herd Holstein cattle—E T Brownlee 1, Lyndon Ibwlgins 2.
Beat herd of Grade cattle—Lyndon Hodgins 1, BA H origins 2.
A Changed Conception.
“What’s your opinion of Dominas-‘or ?"
“Well, when I first met him he im-
Baby, (No. 7-1-1$), measuring one hundred acres in su; vertices—with the buildings thereon erected.
reseed me ns being a leader of men, I J*,, be sold at the |*trish church of	£ae/e
i 10,000 volt human dynamo, a clarion | Saint Isidore, in the county of Temisca- Teacher — What makes the grass
niii,. ic, Hi, NINE I EENTII day uf ?r0w? WiMe-The grass has bladai, ( H 11 >BEB, 1010, at H M 1, oths'k in md with these it cuts its way through
the afternoon.	he earth.
S 11 E K 1
GRADE SIIKK1
Jno A Sturgeon 1, New-, rolced czar who would brook no opposition, but when I met him the second time, in his office, I sized him up for a msiUantmoua mouse.”
“Where did you meet him the first |‘ Lime?”
“On the telephone.” — New York rimes.
Ewe lam! ton Ix’uis 2, H T Argue 3.
Ewe, one shear Jno A Sturgeon 1, Newton Lewi» 2, Lyndon Horigins 3.
Ewe— Newton Lewis 1, Thomas Me-IU'Wi ll L*. E J Barber :v Pen of sheep—Newton Lewi» 1, Lyndon Hodgins 2, H T Argue 3.
Eat sheep H T Argue 1, Newton Lewis 2, Hex ford Wilson 3.
Canadian Dressings in War Zone.
Pair Hoi
1,
MJH
Women who have given hours of loving toil to the making of surgical dressings will be comforted to know that the work of their hands brought I comfort to many, even in the midst The laboratories situated on Uni- of the recent awful slaughter. Cap-verslty street, Toronto, in which ex- | tain Harry Blaylock, assistant Red tensive work is now being carried on Cross Commissioner In France, has towards the better knowledge of Just written headquarters in Canada Canada's timber resources has a total | saying: staff of about thirty, with a technical
Orahain Thompson 2.
ixiddle Horse- Emerson Cotie 1, J V Findlay 2. James Armstrong 3.
BERNARD J. SLOAN
8ii i
Bryson, Que., 11th September, 1916.
| First published, 16th Septetnlier, 1910.]
Sheriff's < iftice,
Studying Timber Problems.
LIGHT STALLIONS (Reg.)
Standard Bred Stallion (4 yr» up)— G A Howard 1.
Standard Bred Stallion (3 yrs)—Emerson Cotie 1.
Hackney Stallion (4 yr» up)—J A Little 1.
PC BLR | NOTICE i* hereby given that the undermentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have l>een seized, and w ill be sold at the respective time and place mentioned Mow.
A Lightning Change Artist
The rapidity with which chameleons change their color la marvelous. You father one from an outdoor shrub and It Immediately becomes Sark, almost
black, hissing and with its mouth wide I Province of Quelle, ) >pen, threatening to bite. Meanwhile | District of -Pontiac, , t la never still, but continues to crawl jpward whenever possible—up you, up
Dr SL O’Hara 1.1 Aged ram—H T Argue 1, Ruxford four sleeve, always upward. By de-
John Dolan 1, LawJ Wilson 2, Jus Arm»trong 3.	frees the angry black changes Into
Ram, yr old—Tboa McDowell L whatever color la nearest If one's
Lain lamb E J lUrlicr 1, da» Arm- tress is of a brownish color so Is the
i, H T Argue 3.	I kaÉseWom's.
hwc lamb—J a» Armstrong 1, fc J
LEICESTER.
ILim. aged ; raui lamb, ewe lamb, ewe, « w, - me she ir ; |n	• p—All
1 pr heavy di hor»v-t Henry M< I Lyndon Ibnl-in* I. j ><iwcll l, K A Hodgins 2.
IT Agricultural horses--George Draj vr 1, It A Hodgins 2.
' On Saturday, learning that our staff of about twenty-four, eight of troops were heavily engaged at the whom had enlisted up to date. In front, I left Immediately for bead-addition to the dlvislon'of admlnls- | quarters to see If we could render tratlon there are four technical dlvl- any assistance. Of what I saw I can slons; timber physics, timber tests, say but little. Our losses were severe, pulp and paper and food préserva- l and our men had fought splendidly. Hon.	11 was with the D.D.M.8. day and
Timber physics is concerned with , night, and It was the first time I had the study of the physical properties seen advanced dressing stations, of wood, such as weights, moisture ' field ambulances, and casualty dear-contents, conditions of growth, min- ing stations at work during a heavy ute cell structure, and eo forth. All action.
the microscopic and photo-micro- I “They are magnificent. In one graphic work of wood and pulp fibres ; dressing station in an old mill, piled Is done In this division. In the dlvl- on every side with sandbags, as the lion of timber physics the mechanl- Place was heavily shelled, doctors cal strength of wood la determined to 1 and orderlies tended the wounded as give architects and engineers a basis | coolly as If In their surgeries at for design when structural timbers home—with lanterne for light and aroused. Now that the Dominion the floor for a dressing table. Government and certain private cor- i "We were able to give much separations in Canada have decided to , 'Stance. When a shortage of use only Canadian wood In construe- {stretchers threatened, I was able, lion, reliable tests are valuable In *Hh aid from the British Red Crow, pointing out the relative merits of , 1° supply Î00 from Boulogne In six Canadian woods. Tests have been hours. Also, our lorries were going made on Douglas fir for structural incessantly, taking up sterilised purposes; they have also been made dressings, etc. By midnight the hat* ?n timber suitable for the mines of tie bad died down and we began sup-fera Scotia.	.. Plying the base hospitals."
SPECIALS
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS

SHROPSHIRK.
Ham, aged—-Newton Lewi» 1. Ham. yr old —H ^ Wilson 1.
1	OXfOBÜDOWN.
Su min* Court
N" -!• 1 3	I
THE TRUST k LOAN COMPANY, of Canada, Plaintiff, ea. NAPOLEON MANSEAU, Defendant.
general nurpose horse* ¦?: -• 1, AI bet ’ 1 lorner -
.Trio 1»
Pr
•J
Pr carriage horse»
IT roadster* ice Hynes 2.
Single carriage hone, judged for style,
and conformation — O 1> I »tron
Tlic south half of lot numlKT six of the sixth range south of the township of Fabre (& S. No. 6, 1$. 6	¦¦
known and designated on the official plan and book of reference of the town ship of Fabre, known as lot No 6-11 in
ITI

now
I.	fi^^g	gfi
Mngle roadster, judged for speed | Barker 2, Il T Argue 3.
Sum
“Henry,” said Ida wife reproachfully, | the"sixth range south of Fabre (6 B. 1$.
6 S. F.)—with the Wilding* thereon
!
To be sold at the parish church door of Saint Edouard, in the township of Fabre, countv of Temiskaming, (/tie., on
the NINETEENTH day of OCTOBER,
1916, at TEN o'clock in the forenoon
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
‘Jk
Bryson, O w , 11th September, 1916. [First published. 16tb September, lflli)
» and conformation—Lawrence
Ewe—Jae Armstrong 1, E J Barter i,
Tbos McDowell 3.	Hi
Kw. , ..ne *he*i -Ja. Armstrong 1, H , 'do you know that It was • o'clock
when you came home this morning J*
i.—Ja* Arin*lrong 1. H T I “Tou are mistaken, my dear," be n-
Im her 3.
i
I -I n i>
' Beet colt bred horse
Foal HI
r filly from any thon Nelson McLellan 1. f season from Royal Rai Nathan Dagg 1, Harry Corrigan 2. T A Diaper *, W J Murray 4.
nd drive conte»! r 1, Graham Tl
m<|	11 r i %
ugh T Argue 2, K. J Barber 3. I Pen of abee j. E J
plied. “It was Just 130. I looked at ‘die clock on the church to
\rg
II
M I
' HEVIOY,
Ram, amd ; ram lamb, ewe lamb, ewe, |ien of sheep—All Peter Moyle 1.
SPECIALS.

“Far be it from me to doubt your word, Henry,” answered his wife, “but t that Is the case It must have taken 1 shear 1 rou *n hour and a half to open the Tout door.”— Exchange,
Hitch a E ^ Bail* Hitch
n)
n 2

sheriffs office.
'
, Pair registered yearling ewea j —Lyndon Hodgin* I, E J Bari
Myrtle Eade» 1, M
M :
Mi»
drum i
ter 2.




>
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqteresti.
Published every Thursday
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
It will satisfy particular mothers ofboys ....

SUBttüUl’TIOX, $1 A Yk A ft IS ADVANCE
t* All arrears must he paid up before •miy p.iper is discontinued.
jfùrd

7


o
4L
TM I UN IVf RSA I C AR

ADVERTISING RATES.
Legil advertising, 10cents per line for Itt Insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #5.00per year.
LuoU announcements Inserted at the rate of H cents per line for first insertion and ü cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
To know that our clothing for boys is as good | this fall as it has ever been, and in some features, especially making and finish, better. The new fall Norfolk Suits for boys are a pretty good proof of this. They are priced from $5.00 to $12 50, in sizes 7 to 16 years. The materials, workmanship and style of our suits cannot fail to appeal to the most hard to-please mother or boy. Bring the boys in.
New Prices, August 1st, 1916
The following prices for Ford Cars will be effective on and after August 1st, 1916 :
Chassis Runabout Touring Car Coupelet -Town Car Sedan
$450.00
475.00
495.00
695.00
780.00
890.00

JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
We have still on hand a few boy’s suits, bought before the war, and on which we have not advanced our prices ; needless to say these are exceptional values.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
f. o. b. Ford, Ontario
u
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. in.
K.JfQttMAI», Reo.-Secy.
L. O. L. No. 27. rneet> 1st Tuesday of each mont h.
J. B. AltMHTRONU
W.M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Comp, in Coin
Call and see our New Model
Men’s Spring and Fall Overcoats
W. O. Cowan W. M.
These prices are positively guaranteed against any reduction before August 1st, 1017, but there is no guarantee against an advance in price at any time.
Made from dark and medium grey all wool serge Chesterfield styles. They are well made and well lined. A coat for all occasions and one that is always in style, and becoming more difficult to obtain.
Reo. Hodgins, Secy.
SHAWVILLE MOTOR CO.
Reo. IIodoin* Coin. Scribe.
Black Silk
Professional Cards.
REGISTERED
SHAWVILLE
QUEBEC.
A Black Paillette Silk 36 inches wide for $1 00, an extra quality Paillette Silk, positively pure silk, spun and dyed in Switzerland and not that half cotton American Paillette.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Day - • Qce.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, L nlversity of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Shows Fine Spirit.
Private Lord of Brockvtlle, discharged and pensioned as a result of rounds received in the battle of St. fulien, tried to re-enlist in Kingston n the artillery, but had to be turned lown. He was willing to give up his >ension to get into the fight again.
FOR SALE
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Shawville.	I West half of 13-a, 4th range, Bristol,
Public Notice is hereby given by the I containing 100 acres (more or less) undersigned See.-Treosurer of the Muni- known ai “The Old Graham Farm/ «•ipality of Shawville, in the County of situated l k miles from Maryland .station Pontiac, that the Collection Roll of the (V. P. It.); also convenient to churches said Municipality is now mail».- and |ami school, completed for the current year, 19IQ
0. F. HOGGINS CO.
S. A. MACKAY
VALUE OF COLD.
,	Also S. W. quarter of 14 a, range 5,
The said Collection Roll is del Visited in containing 50 acres, (more or less), 25 the office of the undersigned Secretary-1 acres under cultivation ; balance bush Treasurer. All parties whose names tand.
apliear thereon as liable for the payment For terms and particulars apply to of any assessment are required to j*y Mbs. A. P. Smith, It. It. No. I, Mary the amount thereof to me, the under- land, Que., or to the undersigned at signed, at my office within twenty days Foxwarren, Manitoba, following the date of this notice.	|	A. P. SMITH.
Given at «Shawville, this 12th day of Sept., 1916
jfimcoe County family of Tory politicians. being a niece of the late Col.
T. R. Ferguson, and a granddaughter of the late Col. O. R. Gowan, both of
whom were members of Parliament.	. ...	. .
—	aflilisei	11 I	VVorks Departments, the Shipping Sir John A. Macdonald was a guest ,n tbe ord,nary 8eU9C of the term» bot
R	MILLAK	L L. L# Federation, the Dominion Marine As- at the wedding of her parents.	,s tbe basIs on wblch the values of
He BfBB",fcriBBl	soclatlon, the Toronto Harbor Com- Yet, In spite of all this, in one of commodities are determined. Its value
mission, and the Montreal Harbor	her books on the West she defended	does not fluctuate, but Is universally
Commission, the Government has de-	the cost of construction of ttie	fixed at $20.00 2-3 ounce or its equlva-
dded to support, if necessary, the op-	Grand Trunk Pacific, pointing out	lent. Its price, however, fluctuates, as
position to the bill now before the	that while It was more expensively	in the case of premiums. Its value Is
United States Congress to divert	built It was sound and solid, "not	stationary; hence the term premium.
„ _ SK.K'.i'“S.'iySÜ.V-*SiK2'ri*«.«w.b.,..»
D P BARRY. K. Ce i8h Ambassador at Washington has play In all things. In the same
I	been Informed of the Canadian atti- book, “Open Trails,” she had a word
tude. The Chicago scheme would In- to say for the French nuns at St. Al-voive the diversion of a large flow of bert, who have on their monastery water from Lake Michigan, thus af-	windows, not a cross and the lilies of
fecting the level of Lakes Erie and	France, but a cross and maple leaves.
Ontario.	Also she had something to say about
a matter which we have now forgot-Both Legs Up.	ten about—the notice, “No English-
_ _ .	.	l#f-IAII-	¦#	A	l A lieutenant from Rlverdale Bar-	man need aPPly”! She said (this
Pen	P	WR	RHT	K	Is	racks, Toronto, was drilling his men	was lon* before lbe war* of course);
ULUs	V#	IwlilUn	I |	IXe	Ui|)ne corning. The order was to ex-	"I delight in that Englishman who.
Lend the right foot straight out. One	on «eelng such a notice, raised his
man raised the left Instead, and the	eyebrows and said: ‘By Jove! Copied
ESH3HF	BHEB Ek	live poultry wanted.
| general proficiency.	In	1887 she	ccrslty, commodities are cheap, tho	Now D the time to	dfcixjxe of
married Rev. Arthur Murphy, a	?UPPD Invariably exceeding the (to- I your OLD HENS before the I SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTH
Church of England clergyman, and	mand, the purchasing power of gold young stock comes on the market,	^	__	„	^
tor many years	has	lived	In Edmon-	would then be greater than in times of	and the price drops.	The Shaw-1	WEST LAND nECULATiONS
ton. Latterly	Mr.	Murphy became	prosperity, when the supply does not	ville Egg Circle is ill a	position to,	,r,	,
Interested in mining and farming as meet the demand and higher prices for handle Live Fowl on Tuesday of li'* *olv head of a family, or any male Wy as in church work, and Mrs. commodities result	each week.	|over 18 >,ears °,d« ma>* homestead a
Murphy took a hand at both and at a There I. no difference In the cost of Klimt u* your fowl and we will ;iu*1rt.cr **»>'>« of available Dominion
Arthur Murphj	SSS	.T ^ """
(“Janey Canuck”), as a and farming, can side a broncho with p.». .	. p	_____ l it the Dominion Lands Agency or Subpolice magistrate for Ed- •nJrbodF. ** a considerable traveler,	| Agency for the District. Entry by proxy
a curler, and a collector of Canadian	*— --------—	When you want the best value for your may }x, „,ade at any Dominion Lands
fossils.	of Hab't	. money In ..	I Agency (hut not Sub Agency), on cer-
An extraordinary variety of work The late II. Gassaway Davis, once a	, ... , ,	,
girls are concerned, Is another strik- has been done in the West by Mrs United States senator and candidate SHINGLES	|>Utie*-Six ' months residence u^n
MÆFÆ #### ÊmÆ
n	, . .	n ,,,	lhe frank and buoyant spirit of that * lub at Edmonton. She is a mag- wag stuJ gliding an unru|y freight
PdfjDnaUttentlOn.Openall hours, big. new land, and several of them	a"dfa Cbarm' train through the mountains of w!st
have succeeded as authors in ex- ° ««janey Canuck’s books Include vlrBlnla< Tbe dreai® wae ln»Pired by pressing that spirit In such a way aa	“Janey Canuck Abroad,”	“Janey Cm-	* nearby colleague,	Scuat T Allen G.
to compel interest not only In Can-	nuck ln the West,”	and “Open	Thurman, who blew	two mighty blasts
a.d EMBALMING	2'S SK 22.ZZZ.ZM": f «	m
moat truly western of all—keen and	Penetrating, sympathetic	observer of	let#k 88 ,f 11 a	hrukc and n- ar y
Joyous, with a big. broad mind and a	Western life, skillfully	and charm-	twisted the thing from Its moorings be-
generous, expansive personality. I ugly recorded. Robust ii the beat 'ore be came ta—New York Mali MAIN STREET - SHAWVILLE | Physically as well as mentally she word t0 describe her work as a
radiates the moat refreshing human whole, for It la all strong, sane, and qualities. Her writing naturally has	refreshing. Agnes Deans Cameron,
All calls will receive	prompt	per	I these qualities, too, but it is also ex-	*he noted Canadian Western writer,
annal attention	ceedingly admirable from a technical now "?lng ln tb« United States, has
*	1	'	standpoint. Little wonder that Mrs.	a keen admiration for Mrs. Murphy.
J.	V.	FINDLAY	| Murphy's Influence is constantly In-	Toronto women were once deecrlb-
creaslng In broadening fields.	ed by Mrs. Murphy as wearing "a
1 his exceptional woman was born <*rosa between the English and Am-•t Cookatown—tbe South Slrocoe vil- erlran modes; good material in good lage famous as the birthplace and *tyle.” present home of Hon. J. S. Duff, On- tak*8 118 nev F^kes from tarlo’s Minister of Agriculture. She ***••" bu< add#:	“Th
m A»k for our IRYKN. | I# QSlte frank In telling you that the j r*im IAEA which win be seel free. I date was 1868 Emily Ferguson was af
MARION & MAHMfcS
8S4 University St~ Montréal.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
Will Oppose U. S. Scheme.
Following a conference between officials of the Marine and Public
While That le Fixed, Its Price Is Regulated by Premiums.
Gold is not considered a commodity
ADVOCATE.
Campbells Bay, Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.
FOR SALE
8. K. HUDGINS,
Sec.-Trea*
Two Village Loti situate on Main Street, Shawville, op|»osite the Methodist Church.
I n in Property "f 53 a« i- -. situate Pur. I,red Berkshire hog for service. „0rth of Shawville Cemetery-35 acres Term,:	-, ,	,8 acres *,*1 busl7
4th Con. Clarendon, fenced with wire
For Service
of that and tbe purchasing power of gold may be simply Illustrated as follows:
That while Its value remains station-iry a premium would servo to reduce Its purchasing power, to be added to it» cost, but an advance In the price of commodities would operate to reduce the purchasing price of gold, taking $1 u a unit.
For Instance, a dollar will purchase in article whose price coincides, but if an advance ln the commodity raises the price of that particular article to
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC-
All well A good well dug, and al~" « frame barn erected in 1915.
•Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
AT Visits Shawville every Saturday.
A comfortable Brick Residence on Centre Street, with kitchen, summer kitchen, woodshed and all necessary out-building'.
FOR SALE
Year old Shrophire Ram. ieg.
Some Ram Lambs.
1 Durham Hull Calf.
Apply to,
JOS. BROWNLEE.
R R No. 2, Shawville
li. W. HUDGINS,
Shawville. Que
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER. AC
196 Main St. - Hull.

Sr*

PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
A Woman
Magistrate
*+++*+*#****##+**+****++++
T
HE appointment this week
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed neslay and Shawville every Saturday,
monton, with Jurisdiction GEORGE Hi NES lover all cases in which women and
ditioo*. A habitable house is required except where residence is performed in it' vicinity,
Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
Incertain districts a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead. Price
Ml |
Duties—Six months residence in each yean after earning homestead I latent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may he obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain
t
A. F. CAMPBELL.
BOX 455
Arnprior. Out.
UNDERTAKING
J
CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
- -
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, Yarn • LastiMonday,
of each month.
HAYES & FINDLAY
,1
It» Ea.y to With.
Two of Twobble's acquaintances met on a street corner and one remarked
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
nditions
that tbe daily papers again referred to Twobble as a possible appointee to a state petty office. "He Is always twin* mentioned for Iks," be continued.
Fhe also said that “Toronto he never gets appointed to oner *1
tbea- inspect," said the other, "that’s be-
euy is very ^,ase Twobble's friends are tbe sort and
d; a city worthy to be treatly
A *ettier w ho ha*exhausted hi# home-lead right ma> take a purchased home-
districts. Price $3.00
•W. J HAYKS.

kind of of-
P
"I wonder why
Duties— Must reside six month* in 1. of three years, cultivate 50 acres
A

fh

ROMPTLY 8ECUR
W. w CORY.
* I
I FI
" it people who wish yon
XI
f the Ini
hi
ll without stopping to see whether their wishes irs carried ont or not."—Argonaut
r.
Ti
I A I
N. B
of
J I**
h»r name and aha #*•
r.
A
563854
###PAGE###6###
1
sleeves Just* as deep skunks, are the furs most commonly used, and there are also Hudson seal, heaver, fox, lynx, moleskin and ermine, all of which were used last win-
Rabbit and
THE FASHIONS
Useful Hints and General Information for the Busy
Housewife

About the House


si
ter

And not only on suit* and cloaks is there to be an abundance of fur trim-
m	ming, but also on evening gown».
Before very long, thin summer £vfn the vpry gHeeresb fabrics, such
frocks and light suits will have to be ^ net> Georgette crepe and chiffon, put away for the heavier fall gar- ^ ^ be decorated with fur. A ments to take their places It often	Running evtning dress of net
happens that the first chill winds bad the skirt edged with a deep band catch uh unprepared, and certainly ^ fur there is nothing more upsetting than ftt ,	|>0A€ie(i
to realize that we had not given thought to the coming of fall and were, consequently, not ready for the change in the weather.
The autumn styles are already well established, so no one need be afraid to make her selection in suits and gowns early, for there is no danger that they will not be in good stylc,lat-The suit models that have come


A Forecast of the Fall Style»
/



*

v r>

#2 ^ '
and, indeed, anything eaten by very children where fresh bread is
t~
Xppetizing Cheese Dish 's
!
young
often positively dangerous.
Dried bread is also valuable for
mixing with various other foods Ct pear more frequently, perhaps, if the fovding the household pets, numerous attractive and unusual way* of serving it were more commonly known.
Cheese is a wholesome food that deserves at least an occasional place
HHiMHHlIHUHlt would ap-

The dress it elf was ©labor*. Beaded fabrics, me-

on the dining table
a
i


;
m

i

Miscellanvotn Recipes
(ireen Tomato Sweet Vickies.—One
One dozen
#

Cheese Salad.—Slightly warm one peck t)f grven tomatoes pound of vhee e. then work it until it ja,.gt, >vhite onions.' Six red peppers crumbles. >dd one quarter of a coarseiy chopped teaspoonful of finely minced onion, Qne tablespoonful of ground all-spice.
mixture into small balls, and sene r slivv the tomatoes the day be- .lying The doctors and nurs.s were greatly worried, because the V'-or man them with lettuce leaves on individual fore pickling. Sprinkle them thor- was to have been decorated that day, and the officer who should perforin ie
oughly with salt, but not too heavily. ^ ! *^Thc ^ podu“^might lapse into unconsciousness at any inortien In the morning drain off the liquor. ,houhl they l1o?
The yueen, on being informed on the cause of their anxiet>, askeu
Butter each Take a kettle and put in a laver of «Imply: "Shall 1 decorate him. before It la too late, though It la not correct
under 1 he circumstances	,	.	...
Tht- doctors decided in the affirmative and Quern Amélie speaking lovingly to the brave little “|>ollu“ pinned on the much coveted military cross. Then turning to the doe to is asked if she might not also K Jve him the) “accolade?” And gathering the dying in n In her arms, she ktaxed him tenderly and lovingly on t*ach cheek -and he ? Well, he died ttint name! night - happy and mulling peacefully, for had not a Queen and above all. a mother, lightened his last hours of darkness? And the Queen ? Well, on leaving the hospital she met the officer whom she had misplaced officially for a few moments, and told him in frank and simple words w hut she ha He. though at first surprised, was so charmed by her kind and swee
she had done the right thing, and that he

t
One cup of sugar
a,;'?.
l
or

over from Paris are as attractive as they can be. The coats are mostly three-quarter length and some of them are shorter. They reach to the hips, the fingers tips or the knees. The skirt< are quite full; just as full as they were last fall, but not so flaring The lines are straighten, as a rule, and the skirt’s just a trifle longer than they have been worn in bhe past seasons. Strictly tailored suits, of course, do nob have very wide or long skirts.
Among the c< at styles there ate some Russian effects seen, which most women will be happy to learn. One of the favored models is fitted above the wait* and quite full below it, and there are many variations of this idea.
i
i
*
plates
w hat

Limpens Cheese (Belgian style)
Cut a small loaf of bread into slices Have ready the onions coarsely sliced and remove vile crusts
t

slice, and cover it well with grated tomatoes, then a layer of onions, and | cheese, building up the slices one on sprinkle between each layer the sugar another in two mounds in a deep bak- and l{\\ the spices. Pour over them ing dish. Boil a cupful of milk, and the three pints of vinegar, or enough season it with salt ; pepper and a dash to cover the whole well and boil gent-of grated nutmeg; when the milk has. jy until tender. The onions can be boiled pour ib over the bread; set the |cft out if the flavor V objectionable dish in the oven and let the mixture as the pickles are equally good with- j bake for a quarter of an hour, basting ou^ them.
the broad frequently with the milk in Pepper Hash.—Twelve large red the pan.
Fried Cheese Balls.—Mix half a cup

\
\

1
/
y
dono
manner that he could only say
glad she had been there to do It
5
\

was
£ MWau,
Twelve large green pep-Fifleen onions. lake seeds
Chop fine in food
___________ A suit that gives promise of being I
u k very well liked on account of its gen- } the very lowest type animals which erajj„ becoming lines is illustrated carry their young in pouchc, which here ,t ha„ (,e pocke|>, which are have the smale.t of brain*. There , one with the fronts of the coat.
--------------------- sSsxfsfS
the great kangaroo is bigger is a suggestion of the Empire style, wonderful effects and beauty of these
the return of which we have been under the lights can readily be im-
It agined.
peppers
;
ful each of grated cheese and an equal from
amount* of bread crumbs, add one well- chopper and pour over boiling water beaten egg and a teaspoonful of good relish
balls; dip them into beaten egg. then two parts water (three-fourths pint into very fine bread crumbs that you j vinegar to one and one-half pints have lightly seasoned with pepper and water for the above amount of pepers salt. Fry the halls in deep, hot fat and onions. Put in the chopped pep-If you like high seasoning, add a da<h pepers and onions. Let? boil, then of Cayenne pepper to the cheese mix
ture. With a lettuce salad the cheese gar, two and one-half cups sugar, t	-------------------------------- | oacs	..	.
balls make	an	excellent garnish for	three tablespoons salt. Let nil come	|s|a|ld	continent	Has	Strangest	Men	‘ The sLry of thc^Australian animals	hearing so much about lately
S '	to a boil, put in jars and seal.	is one of the wonders of the world,	comes in	a modified form.	Having	a I These patterns may be obtained
Savory Cheese Rusks—These are pickle drapes—Take ripe grapes,	and Animals in the	Th(, h Continent experiences in its panel in the front and back, and is from your local McCall Dealti.
particularly appetizing as a luncheon remove all imperfect and broken ones,	World.	! djflrwnt ranges three climates—tro- certainly most attractive.	from the McCall Company, 70 Bond
E ' ¦	^ ESB ™ IEEEHHH ! ™	: ^ '
mmwmmmrnÊ^ iss
plain white	bread and brown it in a	pouring the vinegar over the grapes	of tire	and	demons	and all-slaving	comvr« not a nat*ve* There are neitn-	*###%?**	hand upon the people that they bave
very hot oven.	If you wish, you can	! cold you will avoid checking them, and	1 mjgt	er apes nor monkeys; neither oxen,	jgjLggT	annexed, are taking advantage of the
vary the receipt by using three table- they retain their natural color.	j she must he there thev -aid and decr» nor antel°Pesi no elephants,	race and language divisions In Bel
ipHi: :1 assess	M sggs
water, half a cupful of butter and half ium-vized applies; core, hut do not erica, and stretching unbroken to the shrews. Am y »	(	.	V*.	M	the product of the water* flowing
a teaspoonfa] of salt in a saucepan; peel apples. Cover with water rnd	South Pole. But when Diaz stag-	creatures, u ra lan	w1 c	S*	>*,	\	\y j/	down from the mountains. In this
when the water boils, add one cupful boil until mushy. Strain through gurvd around the southern foot of amazing.	.	S 6* 7l 3	silt, which forms Belgium, are dlf-
of pastry flour and stir the mixture jelly bag. Let juice stand overnight. Africa, the Magellan found his way A mu * '*' e „° .	fvpri, \ \ \Vv 1 ’ 4 ])	feront strata of sand and clay that re-
SSS 5SSL.T# gësÉà M
add three eggs, one at a time, and ing hake out from time to time a mto the boundless Southern Seas be-	oriirin,ls in ether lands. There	\\	who peopled France and Great Brl-
Add half small quantity of the liquid and set to >'ond» and Mone found southern land	flesh-eaters other than the	f\ • V . XV	tain, These Kelts are represented to-
¦	I teztusvjs.\ J \\S^	tsx^tsA^ÿsrjni
not be a southern continent after all,	''kite man, *	I	j	i	Ï	the people of Belgium. They were the
they laid. But Austi alia was there mais arrived.	it	\	\ f	Belgae of which Caesar speak*. They
all the time, with the strangest men	Wonderful Plant Life.	I \	\	,r; 7	speak a Walloon language but gen-
and the strangest animals in the The plant life of the	sleeping land	/	^	\	orally speak b rench, and
*° keep her cooking shove clean and attit sea foam.	unknown elsewhere. Like the am-	J -V • *	4? [	Holland and the Scandinavian conn#
Making u se of Stale Bread.	new looking. She can do so if she For long, long years Australia had ovals, they took to being giants, and	I 1	^ j	tries Apparently Teutons took full
Of all the left-over remnants of wil* wash ^e stove while it is warm |ajn preparing for the coming of man. are often the tallest trees in the	\	possession of Holland, but did no^
food from thp kitrh^n hron.l i tVio	a FP°n^e dipped in soap Lnd Her history is written on—her wide world, reaching from 400 to 500 feet.	\	crowd the Walloon* out of Belgium,
mon commol erhap, and many water'	bosom. Once she was part of greater Their leaves stand upright, so that	/TT0 “cCiU*	These two element, have been livtn,
1	US
xvuvt, i _____	.	# ,v ^ .	lay a little camphor in the drawer sands of miles of lava and ash re- ant cannot destroy, wood that water	7357	%	French. There has always been â
P Thîv Vil llal HHn f a where she keeps her silverware, she main to tell the tale of her great will not rot and the deadly ship-	Jealousy and rivalry between tbe Wal-
. tone jar. They v ill ketp well for a w-|| at jeag^ Help the trouble. In the volcanoes.	worm will not bore. Then there are Long Suit Coats are fashionable. loon and the Flemish elements, with
fMM 1IBS
They may t>e used as a basis for meat	. , p	Kne cen ground by the agencies of time into on fire and can be seen miles out at for fall, which will perhaps make it institution. He has ordered that
croquettes, poultry stuffing and other |	.	,	.	I dust and powder. Their chemical sea. There are trees that have no difficult? to decide on what to get Be- French shall disappear from all official
things.	j * to sweeping, let her soak a news-	erties# contained in the boiling leaves, and trees that are really giant sides the old stand-by, serge, there is communications, and even from the
French toast may be made from the	papfr m	r* unfold it	and	lay »*	• java from which they first solidified,	grasses. There is a mahogany that its staunch companion, gabardine;	sign-boards	and	names of	the	street#
whole slices of left-over bread. It	is	* Î rfnter,.°[ the room.	Much of	j were released with the slowly gather-	makes railway sleepers and paves then there are wool poplin, wool vel-	aad ,be.	by flemish.	Oea^
an excellent luncheon pick-up dish th®,du^t.	H ,sorl>ed,.11 A 1,ttle i ing debris, and this highly charged roads; there are palms and figs; there ourgf broad-cloth, cheviot, mixtures,
sra siïvrjivï	as ïætaï as s; sssvs.-s: unst a sss sSSS
nice brown in hot drippings. Serve	; Pentln* ,n	^l08et" an<1 drawers will	deserts of Australia. But smiling	soms of fiery scarlet. All these trea- and bfttin will he very much in the	paper published	to convince the	Mem
with butter, jelly or marmalade.	. prevent moths	A little sweet	oil in	verdure clad the greater part of these,	sures of plant and animal lift- remain- foregr0un<L The checked wool vel-	Ings that their real enemy	i# not	Oer-
Bread custard pudding: Cut the	t[]e 8oratch	of	furniture will improve	and great forests grew. They sank	ed locked up in the enchanted land, ourg are very atyliah in two tones,	many, but the	Walloons, and that	they,
bread in dainty shapes and butter lib- ,r ^ rul e‘ ,	beneath the sea, and more changed waiting.	as, for instance, black and brown, ape far hotter off under th# \>n 1 î< < tor
trally. M.k. a plain custard of Wh*n V 1;on; '<	P|ace into coal. Gold and .liver, tin and Then from .omewhere. we know Ufi -nd brown a|)d	snd hrown. »»* of the Kal«er t urge, a dHmton
2 .=: EEEE23 3*3E£,““iCfLî;^£1	ys »« JzLiî.7Zu,.„ EE2E3E31
m	emerged. But the animals • had. tools, and their successors have them her suit last winter would not be aton of the Germans from their
Warm-blooded animals which suckled	still; they do not possess houses, un- fashionable this year? If so, let her	Fatherland.
their young had appeared upon the	less it be a rude, temporary shanty fear he turned into joy, for fur is to
earth, and, roaming far, had reached made of bark or twigs.	be used even more lavishly than it was
Australia from other parts of the And yet these ancient savages made last winter
world. Then came the breakdown of	one of the most wonderful of all na- akirV ire wider, the fur cottars on
the land bridges from Australia to	tural weapons, the boomerang—the coats just as high and the cuffs on the
Asia. The animals were shut up in s	curved piece of wood which, when
continent which had become an island,	cleverly thrown, circles strangely
The kangaroos snd the wallabies, the	through the air, strikes d... I a bird
bear-like koala, the egg-laying mam-	' or an animal or, if it misses, returns
mala, and many kinds of reptiles were to the thrower
imprisoned on the continent. These,	ang men with their tools and flint
snd great birds which forgot how to	and tneir fires made by friction, shar-
fly were the lords of this vast area	ed with the animals this continent of
of the earth. The animals remained	nearly three million square miles,
«
THE ROMANCE
OF AUSTRALIA
peppers.
a , Let stand five minutes and then drain. Roll the mixture into Make a weak solution of vinegar to
7364-7323
A Modified Empire Style
OTHER LANDS
Add one pint of vine
drain again
or
LANGUAGE IN BELGIUM
v
heat each one thoroughly, a cupful of stale grated cheese and place the mixture in a pastry bag that
Line a biscuit pan with paper and shape the mixture into rings upon it lightly with grated cheese and bake them in a moderate oven until they are thoroughly done.
*
\

cool, and repeat this process until the samples sets to the desired thickness. Put in glasses, and when cold cover the top with a thin layer of melted paraffin.

1
>
has a star tube
Sprinkle them
Household Hints
;
/
I
cut the bread in cubes and fry butter or dripping just before serving with the soup. Add five or mix to each plate of soup. These are delicious with almost any soup.
Bread jelly for invalids: Scald the stale bread freed from crusts. . Mash to a paste until of musrlike consistency. Add a little sugar and flavoring, mold, chill and serve with cream.
Sterilized bread crumbs are especially valuable for the young children In the household. A jar should be kept filled with these. They may be h< uted when wanted and sprinkled in so t tots, poop*, milk, fruit juices
Played “Home. Sweet Home "
A soldier who has been twice wounded, on the last occasion of injury was in the trenches when suddenly a man by hie side was hit in the
Ten Sons Serving Mr. and Mrs. Sullivan, road. Walthamstow. England, have ten *onn serving their country forty-one years ago, Mrs Sullivan haa had a family of seventeen fifteen sons and two daughters. Thirteen of stretching 2,400 miles from east to the boys are alive. The oldest is over weat and nearly 2,000 from north to forty, the youngest ha* gone to work south. With this primitive living In the coalfields till be is old enough boat for her keepers, the great land to join up slept on; she slept, like Sleeping j Beauty, until the prince should
—“My Magazine."
The bends of fur on
Married
Happing his hand upon the wound, he exclaimed :
"Got It! I've been waiting for this aince las# August" Then, putting his left hand into his pocket, he pulled out a mouth organ and played "Home. Sweet H
Who but an English Tommy could or would do that ?
1
Sometimes people ask you for ad
%
I
###PAGE###7###
' HUNS CONFRONTED BY BRITISH WORLD
\] work. I've got a wife an' kid. We’ve ad 'arcily any food for a couple of days, an' I was desperate. Don't send ‘ for the police! Give me a chance just this once! You’ll never regret it! I’m not a thief, though I was trying to be. I^et me off this time,
It was the first occasion on which Mr! I'll go straight if you do! I’ll NECESSARY TO HEAT James Haines had set forth as a get work somehow! I swear it!” night prowler after illicit gain.	j Something in the expression of his
Ah he slithered along u wet pave-	face, something in the tone of his
ment in a quiet road he did not quite	voice carried weight, and Stanley
know what he was going to do. But	more than half	believed him.
he was keyed up to the pitch of	“I'm going to	sit down for	a	min-
housebreaking and theft, and only ute,” he said. ”You can sit down, hoped that no constables, ordinary or	too, if you like.	I want just	a	word
special, would interfere with his busi-	or two with you	just before i	decide
what we are to do.”
Now, Jim was not a wicked man—I It seemed almost as though he* ,	,	,	,	—	.
and if he contemplated crime, it was	swayed a little on his feet while he __r* „ Academy> 1,1 the 1 arlfl p
for the first time in his life—but he	spoke, and even Jim, consumed with	_
had had a long spell of illness and, fear for himself, noticed this.	The German papers write, apro-
though quite recovered now, he was “There’s nothing wrong with you, pos ,	offensive, it is a dress themselves to that opinion by DUCAI
practically penniless, and saw no im-	mister?” he	asked,	eyeing Stanley	^nmpl(‘te new army which now con-	repetition	and insistence; thereby	I	-
mediate prospect of earning money,	very closely	while	the latter seated	fj*0*)18 Ufl* ,, would be more correct	producing	a species of hypnotism in	Anecdote	of	Canada's New	Governor-
People had told him that in these	himself.	if they^ should say 'It is a whole	the public	mind	General
days any man could get	"Nothing,” said Stanley politely.
Jim had so far been unsuccessful
r.
INSURES PERFECT BAKING RESU
»
The ( aptain’s Burglar.





r
i

i

'J*

DOWN


GERMAN LIE FACTORY

1

3.
Gabriel Hanot aux N Tribute to the British Peoples to Help Win the War.
SX
=r


r
S
The following is a translation of an article by Gabriel Hanotaux of the
ness
CONTAINS NO ALUM - MADE IN CANADA
E
mro
i
POACHER” CAPTURED
ENGLISH BOY DOING MAN'S WORK
I_____________L i^Now, my man, the question la, what The reunion in Pari? of the rePre"	A New World Rie<"	! Th« Duke °t Devonshire, the new
In his home of two rooms there are we going to do about you ? You’ve sv Natives from the British dominions Here is the policy that we should Governor-General of ( anada, owns, in was a patient Mrs. Jim and a	Miss	told the	story that I expect ninety	b?8 a	meaning so great in the world s	adopt, in answer to the German pub*	{»dHition to ( hatsworth,	his principal
Jim of some ten years. It was	their	out of a	hundred who are caught at	history that some day we shall look	jjeity campaign, which has, for too	residence in Derbyshire,	some half a
existence that had brought him to the same game tell. Somehow I’m ra-	hack on this reunion as one of the	long a time, "manoeuvred” us. The ! dozen palatial establishments in vari-
ther inclined to believe that—to a cer-	important factors in the actual crisis.	English do not worry about the costs ous partH England.
The hour was very late, or, rather, tain extent, at least—you are speak- ^.r* Asquith one day defined the 0f announcements or telegrams—for , Gne of these, Bolton Abbey, in very early, for midnight had long ing the truth. You say that you've a	British Empire as an ever-increasing	they know jR money well spent. It ^ orkshire, is visited by its notable	Arthur	French, Ten Years Old. War
since been clanged out upon the wife and child, and that you’re earn-	community of freed men. These free	jfl necessary that the light should owner comparatively rarely, and then
clocks of the district. The only figure ing no money—that you haven't got	mcn grouped themselves spontané-	penetrate to Germany herself, in or- | 0ldY *n the shooting season
which Jim saw in the gloomy road a job?”	ously, not only to save the Empire ^er to destroy the artificial and sub- I 0n one occasion, however, the Duke
was that of a policeman, who moved "That's right, guv’nor! I couldn’t but save the independence and Ue ,.,je fact0ryt” which has been arrived there unexpectedly overnight,, , Anderson
slowly away in the distance. When get a job.”	, guard the liberty of the peoples of the , methodically kept up till this day by and ,n the morning early he went out 1 American writer draws this picture of
he had quite disappeared Jim began "Why not? You may have been world, and this group did not confine the German press agents.	( alone with his gun, intending to try the work of an’ English boy in war-
to look about him.	I ill, but you look strong enough. How 4self within the limits of Great Brit- Yes, it is a new army—it is a new and kill a hare before breakfast, time, when many ten-year-old lads aro
Some time had passed, and he had is it that you’re not in the Army?	ain; they transported to Paris and ^	world which rises. The peoples of After walking some time became	taking	the places of men :
become not only more desperate, but That’s where every fit man should be	came> rendering homage, to the sol-	the British Empire, whose parliamen- uPon one ln a «©eluded part of the	This	Is the story of Arthur French,
had almost decided to give the thing to-day. Did it never occur to you	dier? of thii* sainled universal cause.	tary delegates actually are re united e8tatc, fired at it, and missed. A	who Is	ten years old. and who is a war
up and return home, an honest if un-	that you	might provide for yourself **	on bended knee, said the Can- (	jn paris, represent and mean not only	following shot with the	second bar- , *orker^_
successful man, when, slouching	past	and for your wife and child at the	adian	Senator Belcourt, that I offer	a force of inexhaustible resources, but	reI> however, was more successful,1	‘f A „. w“ ten >7&rB
a small bouse, he saw that a big win- same time that you would be serving mV veneration to immortal France, a)s0 new methods. France has held and “pussy” rolled over dead.	' ?r	„ ****** J™’
dow on the ground floor was open by your country? Why aren’t you a who has always held in high esteem in order that they should have ,Ils Grace secured his prize, then R haWJeîl(Mj aH	hinneied In
a foot or so.	soldier?”	the rights of humanity—of civiliza- time to prepare themselves—and— turned to retrace his footsteps, only ^ many English village», that most
It was a chance that he felt he Jim grinned a trifle sheepishly. lion, and °f progress.”	here they are. They fight the fight to find himself looking into the bar- 0f tbe meu went to war; there was
could not miss, and some few seconds "Me?” he returned. "It never These units are invincible in the jn their own manner. They are a rtd another gun held at the “pre- need of good labor—grave need, later Jim was inside the room.	struck me that way. I am not a pr©8cnt and will he indestructible in people a little rough. "Boche! You 8vnt by a lad of about fifteen.	1 Above all, there was need for men for
His nerves were more than a little youngster, sir. I’m	forty-three.”	the future. . The human	species,	w||| learn to know them better. They	\ “Got ’ee, Mr. Poacher,” cried	the	the	farms. And so, quite suddenly,
shaky, and he did not dare to use the ««Are you? Well	I believe you	hut	throughout the world, is subject to	are on]y beginning, and you shall see	boy exultingly. "Now you mun	come	Arthur came Into man's estate,
small electric torch which he carried_you fion»t iMk it ’ You’d nL' for	the dictates of conscience; all	the	many more of them.”	aIon£ o’me to yon house”—and he in	v
until he hnd pulled together the heavy thirty five $mv dnv If vfnr	scattered peoples, who inhabit	the	 *_ dicated by a movement of his head	who thought that,	war or no war, a
lies; mm mm#
self, he became more assured-more your wife and child und you can look domination and of tyranny. She has SerMiin women are B hardy race. due 50U"e they reachc,d the.P1*ce« straightway Arthur’s responsibility belike a real member of the profession. after your8elf and them 'at the aame sworn that by force alone she shall Outdoor labor in the fields is a com- ",he/‘ thet boy was 8cared near'y »ut	tbe responsibility of a man
upon an apprenticeship to which he time. Now , don.t	want to	ak	rule. but. if the force should	fail her.	monplace of their lot. Up first thing	°f h‘s wits by the discovery of	the	It s	not eaay work, the vrork of a farm
toe, ami as the tiny gleam of his, While he spoke he touched	the	Besides, force is going to	fail her	are performed by her, and she does	capj’or on his zea , ht presented	him j	way	ljmHJgh the yard and out into the
torch showed him such alluring oh- empty pyjama-sleeve with him revol- *—from then on—trouble, uncertainty, ' other work which is generally done *l h.a 8<^verv,£n as a souvenir of his blg floW to dpjve the cows, six of jects as silver candlesticks and cigar- ver.	the anguish which exudes from	her	by men. Her spinning	and weaving	capture.	them, one after the	other, through the
ette-boxes, he almost forgot the risks ; “Yes,” said Jim uneasily, "I do. official communiques, working to provides the homespun for clothing. 1	"	^	wide gate,
wdncli he was running in the prospect. You've lost an arm.” Then light came create an atmosphere of calm—from In Montenegro, which is a Serbian KING’S FOURTH SON IN NAVY. .	Had No Holidays.
of having, on the morrow, money in to suddenly. "I know!” he an- then on—remorse, which even now is country, the women also make the	- „ , ,.	.. . ..	, ' t
his pocket and a plentiful supply of j bounced, as though he had really so transparent in the imperial pro- shoes which arc in general use. Serb- Prince George In Now In His Four-' J' J1	XV(5,k °f fh,‘ da>
food tnjyg home^_^ aa a—aa—J made a really staggering discovery. ! clamations, "I didn’t wish for this!” ian women are usually the potters of	teenth Year.	<>ow9 and then 1 hv "	h1*
..fi!, ,j’h«T.d cu-.n ci 2*asîtss£ srstt - s? sjs r.r. zssjsszjz.
had begun to think	! bit done-up aomehow—a bit white in manoeuvre, which has for auch a ware vessels. They shape ‘hem !	P .	‘ J y ‘f l't‘r“^ ens and the pigs Not by any manner
A box which he lifted slipped the face, like, if I might say so.” long time obscured the real situation, without the potter’s wheel. Serbian ,	d jailer mps, ana of means the simple matter which it is
through his fingers and fell to the “\'ou	” «nid Stanl^v	begins to be pierced by the German carpets have not the fame or the .U 0	. en er. '* ,0>a. *Naval	reported to be. And there are other
floor with a small rattle, which to ,,ye hven out ft^htine and I’m nroud People, meant to bolster up their quality of Turkey carpets; but their *gc’ 0flborne’ September, includes odd Jobs to he done ; a big farm Jim seemed very big indeed. Several to bave	j je^t ' a —	:	broken down morale, the "lie factory” bright red Pirot rugs give brightness Me.n®îne, ,rin<’''	50r?e’ e.r wh®n* labor from oarly morning
: ira™"	'sÂtiS^rJSt
, J "îi. Anal ....... had b... „.k..1	” °'	"fl "T	, CZZ Z TCy’-TZl	'
•• °"“d ""	- CS szvst.à"a.^s.ïzai"d‘"a,h"----1
GSi*S2TC1 J3rmo""^“*ÜC.G’Æ'CJSyjzt °,!.,"“T,..,«S-'
mmmsrnrnmmpm	mmm
weak, arm remained, and in the hand mossed swiftly to where the soldier Emperor .himself from the balcony of is born.	sential for a naval officer. The first |
was a Service revolver, one of the few half lay on the chair, and, putting an h« Pa1ace*	Weddings in Serbia are most pictur- of that Hod will h(, pass<M, at I ¦¦¦¦	¦ ¦
mmm
¦	. ,p . ,	... K . would not see the end of their finen- other conventional rites of an expen- ern France. Poland. Belgium, Serbia, of gallant, small person, of ten
....	vial and economical reaources. They ,jve funeral have been strongly pro- and East Prussia also have suffered And this Is the keynote cf many
„v 1 - ' f „ ' .	, - f '	told him that the cravings of his sp- tested against recently.	1 much devastation. But to show the things. Arthur French, aged ten, has
J”’ k„	"	! petite would be satisfied. They pro- The late Major Walton, of Brigh- magnitude of the destruction caused Inve-t.-d fire pound* In the mar loan
come in!"	„.-erV e	0	.	. mised him an honorable and profitable ton, ordered In his will that no by the war it is sufficient to consider
"I thought so. 1 ou were fairly	IIU rp	*	*	.	.s..'	*.r	ak	peace, and the bitter reality ia	de-	g|OVes, hat-bands, scarves and cloaks,	only what	is taking place in Northern
ouiet. but not quiet enough. \ou see.	just a shade	of	incredulity	in her	,troying, one after the other, all	the	-or	nth«r disgusting paraphernalia of	France.
unluckily for you, I'm not sleeping	"if0-	,	meshes of this tissue of lies. They	the	undertaker," were to be worn at	The destruction of Verdun is philo-
well these nights. I thought I heard	Ü!Sr*,Î.	» JUS	boasted to him of the “war map,"	but	hie	funeral, and the horses used were	,optimally	accepted by the French
the window being opened, and when	r,*ht-	™ returned. a„ he sees i, the “dally bread ticket." t0 be brown, bay. grey or chestnut, ,n unavoidable evil. But it is not .
you	let something	fall	a minute	or	so Someow, I never	thought of it	be-	Now comas the terrible	and crush	and "not the usual undertakers' slab-	BO easy for	them to view calmly the	yrket soon i« a pneumatic sole put
ago	you	gave	the	game	away	alto-	fore, but this gent	here, he s suffered	^ British communiques,	falling, at	*ided Belgian horse*, besides which	wrecking of	historic and beloved	forward to share the popularity of
SkW ring ^the Ml. ^y âs7or	%IZd 'im^tVn" of‘*v	" ‘°	BrZh^nd Frinch’ trLp."	^ ^ “p .hv jsr of waking
siater or one of her maids will come me go III join up to-morrow an III |ece	, |n another case in the eastern mans report that the allies' heavy The new device U attached to the
.'7Î 1 terv	tl°"e 1 f ,n truth- It was time to I*eak thus aunties the body of a woman was artillery is laying waste the country leather sole by plates and screws, and
he»ril«7 h?rn	7 ^ n,.n,,v 1 -high and clear, and to announce borne on a farm wagon from the es- on the Somme front to a depth of lf	"rJlTureedlly rwnovf1
,ive him a a Ki y, SU	y	abroad the exact truth.	We have	tat* drawn by a pair of horse*. Com-	twelve miles	behind the Orman lines.	¦»<! r?pairpd- Another genius, work-
“aLiTZIh. ên	t-en too modest and too	disereet—	mending this style of funeral, a col-	p,ronne and	Bapaume lie In ruins	"[* *	'*"!*	?**’ h“ de'[***
so,led postcard, on the back of which	%L-Thlrm7. ^"Zminlrion	1.	*2^25$ ^e, of a Aoe " h ^clalTÇ the"
- London Answers.	1 do not tell the truth-tor it ia the ! w„on„ rle.ne,! end littered with end concentr.tion camp	I *"'1 aUo a	tiwar,‘	•»
very truth of these communiques, r|ean straw, drawn by our best horses	-©-—	i	111
which affirmed and re affirmed, l>e- jn cleaned harness, with all the fins to confound them. I* or the &%****# burnished and Engli-h are past-masters in the art ve„t for driver
MILKS SIX COWS, FEEDS THE CHICKENS AND PIGS.
his present decision.
Worker and Subscriber to War Loan.
Pertiaps there were sceptical people
for

«
However, it is at the farm that Ar
There are such important
Helped War Loan

"I know!” said Stanley. “It always is! Got anything in your pockets — anything from here, I mean "No—not an article!
4"

I’ve just
We May Now Walk on Air
Walking on air is no longer an ez-aggers ted expression. One of the new inventions to he placed on the
and telephone for the police.”
A look of very real terror showed in Jim's eyes, but in justice it must be said the terror which came to him then, came not because he was thinking of himself so much as because he was thinking of Mrs. Jim and Miss
m
“Mister,** he pleaded, "don't you Jo it! Listen fret a minute! I'm not going to lie to you. I'm going to tell the tn th ' ran hardly expect you
?' *n ever done anything I’v# been Ul and out of hob with a
When you get right down to know
P	Ing all rircemstancee la men’s	1
.	_	_ n	: h* ' »riv*n my	„„ wonder Ini lint none of » y on rent bis»
of publicity. They understand the instruction; to this effect some years tlu»ro go wrong, bet that so many are h###e#a after the nillh gw's out of het value of public opinion and they ad- ago.'*	as decent as they are	j rtsdlrfloe
Bogey—“Do you think that golf in-
old aer
The world la thr
i
water,
cow frr what
?"
r this is the terferee with bum
Green—“No, but huai ness raises
'a golf."
r t

###PAGE###8###
STRAYED
Personal
Shop Here For
Tie Shawl Bool and Shoe Store
Strayed on to the premises ol the undersigned about Sept. 14th, two calves -one heifer color Mue gray ; one hull black. Owner may have same by proving property an I paying expence# incurred.
EDWARD DALE,
R. R. No. 1. Shaw ville.
Mrs. F. (*. Smyth, little son find sister Kdith returned from Cutup Borden on Thursday last.
Dr. A. 11. Beers, Dentist, ('amp-hells Bay, will not be in his oil ice during the first week in October.
Mr. .1. W. Knox, of Massey, Ont
timed a \ bit to his relatives here to take in the Fair, where he met many old acquaintances that lie had hot met tor years.
Bev. J. A Klliott, Chaplain of laiHli battalion, soent Sunday evening in town, and left for Purl Hope on Monday. We learn that Mr. Klliott is not going overseas.
Mr. John A. Armstrong, of Avn->rior, and sisters, Mrs. Clmrliv laekson and Mrs. Win Betlnine, were among those from a distance who visited Shaw ville Fair.
Wedding Gifts.
• %
When you get an invitation to a wedding and you are undecided as to what form the gift will take, please feel free to come into this store to look around ; it will help you to make up your mind as well as to give you some idea of the amount of money you wish to spend.
In Table Silver you will find here a wonderfully complete line of (dft Things that are particularly useful and not. expensive. If it is Plated Wares you decide upon, W. Rogers will give almost the same service as Sterling.
We will assist you in any way we can, and not urge that you should make a purchase. We feel that this is a matter you can decide for yourself.
PHON E 54.
It is not a matter of PRICE with us, but rather we try to stock QUALITY, and sell SATISFACTION.
SHOWED HIM THE DOOR.
And Dickens Went end Stood Not Upon the Order of His Going.
Colonel 11. was the proprietor of a widely known old house in the south which three quarters of a century ago had earned Its reputation as a well conducted tavern.
When Charles Dickens came to America he stopped at this southern house, lie was hardly settled In his room before Colonel B. was at the door. He assured him that Ills horses, his wines, all the lavish hospitality of a state famed for Its generosity, stood at the convenience of the distinguished visitor.
Dickens received the proffer coldly. In London one did not accept a tavern • Bristol, when Isabella keeper us a social equal So It was Munro Ross eldest daughter of that he returned the courteous offer by Mr. and Mrs. W m Ross, was united in marriage to John Alfred Armstrong, son of Mr. Henry B. Arm-
tol Presbyterian Church, whs held P10^llllc- 1 nml y lie stretched outs under a beautiful arbor of leaves l°ng arm toward Dickens, and flowers. The bride was at-	“You	go, sir I he stammered. "And
tended by her sister, Elizabeth,	n°l	upon the order of your
and a sweet little flower-girl &olng.M
cousin. The groom was assisted	The novelist went And it Is to be
by Mr. A. H. Horner. After the	trusted	he had learned that the Amerl-
ceremony a very fine Clipper was jean hotel keeper of that day aud age
was not to bo confused with his broth-Among the guests were many cr In faroff Europe.—Ed ward Hunger» relatives from Fitzroy, Carp, etc., ford In Saturday Evening Post hut special mention should b1
made of two—the bride's grand mother. Mrs. Ross, of over eighty year- and her brother, Mr. Mu tiro,
Fitzroy Harbor, (grand uncle ut the bride) S3 yetis old.
The young couple who were...	....	A .
popular in their districts received , disagreement It Is centripetal and
centrifugal. Each Individual would
like to g#t out of it, but ho doesn't know how. Small masses of Individuals, also banded together, would like to get out of it, but they don't know how. Larger masses of Individuals banded together would like to get rid of some of the smaller masses, but they don’t know how. Nobody wants everybody else to stay. Everybody doesn’t want anybody to stay. The result Is that nobody can get rid of anybody.
Hence the social structure.—Life.
a
As most people know that on account of the recent great advances in the prices of shoes, that they must pay a fair price to get quality and satisfaction.
Married.
»
Akmstoxu—Hops
On Wednesday, September 13th,
' wedding took place of the home of Mr.

’ pretty
• I IWll
a very on the . Wm Hu
H. SHADEL
y

But despite the advances we are still selling good shoes at reasonable prices, but our advice is BUY NOW as they are bound to go higher.
The Shawville Jewelery Store.
Baying that when ho wished the services of the Innkeeper ho would send for
him.
We Can Supply You
. . WITH ALL KINDS OF . .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Your patronage solicited.
. . . COMB IN . . . and let us talk it over with you.
?
-vrvt'ti on tlie lawn.
P. E. SMILEY.
Social Structura.
What Is a social structure? It may | bo an ant hill or a democracy. It if usually composed of a mass of individuals banded together for mutual
G. W. BALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvtlle, Que.
Miss Hazel Ballantyne
School Fun Thv Fair, embracing the pupil and a port ’.-mi «u i he
" w held in th« Skating
The function, pa-t years was held under the t Macdonald College 1 lemon-Although the territory livided into sections since last uni the Fair consvtjlient 1y limited in its scope, there 1 exhibit, embracing baking, sewing,
mmial School f the Aea-
vcll< M »1>
many splendid presents.
A reception was held at tin* 1 home of Mr. Henry B. Armstrong " (father of the groom) in the evening at which n large number of Clarendon friends gathered.—Com.
S « »
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
b-m\
(Graduate Toronto Conservatory of Music)
The Manse.
i »

la roi i< l' *11,
ink here on Saturday.
SHAWVILLE BRISTOL—McLeod's Hotel.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
direction -t ration branch
WALTHAM
H ‘VU I
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district, Prices arc such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order There is little doubt that the science I elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
of geometry had ita origin In Egypt ^¦	¦¦¦¦
The annual overflow of the Nile wiped out all landmarks and boundaries, and some reliable iueaus of measuring the earth was an absolute necessity; hence the rise of geometry, which means earth measurement. From all accounts the philosopher Thales took the science from Egypt to Greece, where it was greatly improved and carried very near the perfection it finally reached through the discoveries of the celebrated Descartes of the seventeenth century.
Local and District.
A pretty wet Ming took place on Tues-ilay, -Sept. l*2th, 1U1<*>, at three o'clock, p. m., at tlie Manse, Ft. Coulonge, (jite., when Sarah Fiiiilv, second daughter <»f Mr. and Mrs. Win Armstrong,of David - m, <.thie„ l»ecaiiie the bride of J• dm Thomas youngest non of Mr. and M Hex Watt, of Waltham, (J ceremony was performed by Rev. \Y. L.
I : V r.
The bride was attended by the grooms sister, Miss Mul*el, while the groom was supported by the bride'#* brother, Thomas Earl.
The bride wore a bin white -ilk blouse with hat and veil to match ; the bridesmaid also wore a blue serge suit and pale blue crepe de rheiie blouse with blue lmt and veil.
The groom's gift to the bride was a gold locket and chain with monogram ; to the bridesmaid a gold bracelet.
After the ceremony was performed the bridal party motored to the borne f the bride where supper was served tu about thirty guests. letter in the evening a reception was held where the young people soient an enjoyable cven-ig.
Next day dinner was served at the home of the groom to the intimate friends of the contracting parties.
A number of costly and Isautiful presents were received including a farm uell given by Mr. ami Mrs. Alex Cobl*, of Ft. Coulonge, Que.
The young couple will reside in Waltham, Que.—Com.
render
\
u,
i mon very goo* nt-, dowers,
ware reals,
_
'•tv., and in some ela-se- the con. | «et it inn Wa- keen.
Tour friends
can give them —except your photograph.
it oft until to-morrow,, have a tutting to-day. H. Imison.
The Shawville II. M. ( lui) will meet at the home id' Mi ». Win " 1	...
Hodgins, on Thursday evening lot i"1 ,!l ’	:
their regular work meeting. All '!:i1,:u|xiui "eedlewoik
a: «- till it' d.	1 X| 1 }
i Mr. Sommer by, jinlgt
Th" Bristol H. M. Chib w ill met t
at the home of Mrs. .1. A Armstrong, on Thursday, Oct. 5th, at ‘J p. in. Program; Sewing furl,
Christmas sale :	Reading, “In ,
times like the-e, by Mis- Nellie
McMullin. Roll call. Thought-from the Altar. All welcome,
v
\
Do
t i v I
Fhv -staff of Macdonald 4 *• d 1
IS
Origin of Geometry.
ege was l by Mis- i luuplw'll, instruct-AI ; - - X «liman, denu )A-
hergy
judges of ih«tiltry and
rit
let
*
M
I *
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
»!
r<> «t -,


et
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
During the a!tern
i program of
embracing
tu. " war, hitch and tests and other minor atmt-e-
H Ml
it and
U
• * S
LC HU
•r spM ts was run off, >t hall match, hi tel
1!
0t>*
l


f
»
(
The An-tin II. M. ( lub will hold
%
A patriotic service in the recruiting next meeting at the home of Mi -.J interest, will lie held in the Methodist
( hurch next Sabbath evening, and will aildrvs-cil hy one or two of the eliap-Appropriate iiiu-ic will he pro-
1 die are

8
f
A. S. Klliott. on Tuesday, < >vt. did. at "J p. in. Progirtm : on domestic? science Il h ton : recitation Mrs.
Met agir.
cipe< Kljsii: M utlaxd, S< u-Ti * »,
(
Paiiei }., Mrs. NX m.
V. H.
call :	l seful re- ..

v
i
Crops and Gizzards.
Insects are oddly constructed atoms of animated nature, ns a rule, and It depends altogether on the species as to Internal makeup. In bees the crop ts called the "honey hag." Insects with mandibles usually have a modified form of the gizzard so typical in the common barnyard fowl In some cases this miniature gizzard Is a perfect wonder shop, its inner surface being provided with “pads" covered with "horns" and •‘bristles’’ in great profusion. The grasshopper's gizzard is lined with innumerable rows of teeth, very minute, of course, tut well developed, true teeth, nevertheless. The same may be said of crickets and other Insects of that sort
«
m

a


HU*
led for the « Hally invited t-
Tin

IMOll.
X
'U
Roll

tteml
II i
».
/

m
A Magic Lantern Show ami Concert, in aid of the Patriotic Fund, will be held at Murrell's hall on
Wedncsd * \ night, < >< t. Ith. mission id and 15 cents. A* the 1 object is a mrwt worthy one, it i- the s. ho))ed that the event will be well I patronized.

v— ï


In the Casualty List

1


\<l- Th
which the •een lab ly • . t gvd • t it re <«1 alterations, in ivy 1 i-t of cas.
iv-|ivrati
< have I


r

th

nnu
iaiive, is -hown in In initio- that an




ap|H*aring in the pajx?rs . , i daily. U ( I inn 1 "•	have liven
Members of the Masonic K->dge. hit pretty hard, but they accomplished from iHITemit -oHiuiw, t,. tin- tllilI whivl, ,|u.y »..,v allot!,,I to do in
i=* ^
find heard an ehapicnt and I ns true-	'	11
five address from Rev. Bro.
Phillips on the subject A Good Success," from Joslnm I ; 8.


k
4?
1»	*Vv /Vv
6* m
CLARENDON FRONT.


A quiet wedding t#»-»k place at tin* home of Mr. and Mrs. John Little, of Clarendon Front, on Wednesday, Sept. 20, when their youngest daughter, Pearl Klizalieth. was united in ma Mr. Wm Harold Klliott, by the Rev. F Tripp, of Shawville.
The bride was handsomely attired in iling shade of blue «ilk. After the ceremony about (near relatives of the young down to a sumptuous supper,^H|
The bride and groom are held in tile highest esteem in the neighlsirhood and received many congratulations and go.si wishes for future happiness.
miinliei
of
h lar^e
bit talk Sliawvi
4 VC 1 N
I
the heading I’tv Hemail Lester and
gaged
II



< nine iiiiuei
Assyrian Seals.
The nucleut Assyrians nearly 0,000 years ago put in moist clay their seals, engraved in Intaglio upon prccioui stones, on chests and doors, in order to prevent their being oi>eue<L There were no locks or keys in those days. If they wished to send a private letter they would often seal it with a hlppogriff, which fabulous winged horse was regarded ns the emblem of secrecy. Centuries later the Greeks and Romans adopted similar devices for the same purpose.

I I
ui
t •

u

IBS
¦
tn
He Henry Howard •	.tth, a
ii;ui-iiTlvd to OtllVl

» went overseas 1ère afterward-Hemail wa-
*
Quite n number <>t Shawvillvite- "'ith th
visited Renfrew Fair last week. %+............
They report that the attendance was vet v large. The opinion of more than one i- that the Fair Hem would have very little over Shaw- ] |’H,th ville, if the executive here would , provide a “Midway*' to amuse the i young |>eople. Whether this is
the reason or not. Renfrew in- The -ad ]«art of the news which affect* variably gets the crowd and a big this neighborhood is that announcing fclvWd	’ ¦	Lt. \ ¦
Horner, (youngest
the annual Thank-giving service ^"M“ 1 of ^<,lth (, Urendon) who went at St. Paul’s Church on Sunday , oY‘rs0a: with a unit from Toronto, evening. The sermon was preach- . vrv t',v Xour|g man had re-id# «I with ed by the Rev. Mr. Willi-, who hi* aunt for several years, attending the made his remarks the introductory university, from which he graduated of a series of war-mission addresses with « brilliant record. A splendid which he will deliver every night specimen of manhood and a trained this week, and on Sunday evening athlete, he wa« an exceptionally fine next. These addresses w ill be ot type of the khaki-clad boys of his Doan instructive character and all minion, who have won and who enn do so should endeavor to winning gk»ry for themselves and honor Bear them.	for their country on the mil of Belgium
and France. •



wounded in the 'hell, which dropped very
1 1..* - had i
'"nin i-. Innn whom letters have •«•en received, report that they are dong well in hospital.
a fragment of
and
evt
a
cl
4
i WM \
gtlvstn Ilk) *Ht
? I*,
i »v
ntu •it >
11
à
h » *
fractured.

n
11
W|

1


fjl
&


i i

r

- i
f Mr. Win J.
Deaths

There Was a good attendance at
service on Sunday




Hie Maiden Speech.
It is related tbut when the Earl of

H
The death occurred very suddenly al»out noon on Saturday last, at the home of her ne ice. Mrs. !
Miss Margaret hale, -i-ter of Mr. Thos rose to make his maiden speech in the
citizens of house of lords lie said:	My lords—my
mom- lords, I rise this time for the first time —the very first time. My lords, 1 divide my speech into four branches." Here there was an embarrassing pause


‘Æ
H. Millar, of Rochester in the reign of Charles IL
/
u m
Dale, and one of the oldest Shawville. Funeral on Mon ing to the Methodist church and ceine

/
»




tcry.
r
are -till

I
The |sis.-ing of Mr. William of Green Lake secti
last, removes another of the few remain , ing old wttlers of that neifiiborbo.nl, and ** *hta ,louee #oa ®»y	m<1 off. root
,i man held in high exteeui by the co:n- lnt« brsnehee and all, forever. —Loo*
«d by the large gather <on Rtenderd.
n Friday night I * eome ^ornlm. My lords," the carl
then ejaculated. "If ever I rise again
&

at
¦f
¦t
v
Princess Patricia Special Hospital.
To the -orrow-«trick*» Eqvitt
and Cmd
Tin
lders its dee|#e«t -yin pa thy
LaI
• ' ¦••»
m unity, ss erinc ing who a-win bled on Sunday aft* r to fiay their last tribute of rest wet

Miss H. J, Arm*tf
local K. Cross
TOO IMw
Time to think of your Winter Overcoat men.
We have a beautiful range, prices from $10 up, in all the newest shades and styles.
notified that the new C’anad
At Ramsgate, I of Queeee is them. Th* n
will llarend In# i	(	|
- bet
Mr W. A. H-l*
No Common Cur.
1
to bis remains, which were hit the Anglican cemetery h^n •e in M I
hi was led by a numlrr of m f the Orange Order, of which 1 rased had l«m^
The late Mr. Kelly
•Olid wit
Patriotic Fund.
.
d t
Ing a family to Irving-ig ! xm the question of "wbnt breed" was »- isked of the owuar of the family dog. ; - , The woman of the bouse answered: e- ! 'He's Just a cor." Her six-year-old son
i straightened hi
I h> îeigbt, petted his dog on the bead and 1 one proudly proclaimed, Tea, and he's a er liy I ’oil blooded cor too."-Indianapolis
When o
111t
leecent Hon 1 t be Pros
¦yppjy h
Row r
(
toll
I luvc , 1, ti r d S, f the Hon. T
. .L. . —

md. a u*Kt*d to
pt. H, from Kir W T. White, I

1"
» \


¦ -
< »

, i
pt of gnou.on


n
HCKIH


' n
t of <

r r>
nt



If op to his full
ARCHIE DOVER



tl
Patriotic Fund
I

! .

I.
” III
Ur, 1916
M MS \
I





W. A. Honoixa,
Lfcal Tr


t
on and dai c-ide in the West
daughter : his first wife, w bo r
I
w

I 4

At Ol







