###PAGE###1###
O
No, ‘JO, 34th Yeaii.
8 HAW VILLE
PONTIAC COUNTY, (jUE., THURSDAY, NOV, 0. 1010
«1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
JI
THE HARDWARE STORE?
Tf|e Merchants Bant\ of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : • Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000.000 4,998,304 66,000.000
Established 1864
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT . .. Sir II. Montagu Allan. VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Rla< kweli.. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkbden. GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D.C.Macarow.
Capital Paid Up •	•
Rest and Undivided Profit» Total Assets over •
HAY WIRE
Board of Directors :
Paid up Capital....................
Reservo Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets
236 Branches and Agencies in Canada.
Money advanced on sale note*, and foi stock feeding purposes
«7,000,000 7,250,984 so, 190,400
JOHN B. FRASF.R
HON. GEORGE BRYSON.
President
Vice-President
ALEXANDER MACLAREN, DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PARLEY, E C. WHITNEY.
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACOTURN, SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
• •
# e
Coil Hay Wire $4.75 per hundred
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
D. M. FIN NIE, Asst-Gencral Manager W. DUTHIH, Chief Inspector.
Cut
A -SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Savings accounts can be opened as well by mail ss in person, on which interest is allowed on balances of $1.00 and upwards.
5.35
u
II
Fort Coulonge Branch - J. A MeLATCHIE, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch Portage du Fort Branch • A H MULHERN. Manager
R. LEGER. Manager
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
w. F. DRUM
We would advise early buying, wire is scarce, and price advancing.
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
We have some dandy values in the line of men's heavy coats, pants, sweater», etc. Call ami see them. A. DovSB.
I have some choice fruit pictures, framed complete ; also a large assortment of picture frame mouldings. Bring in your pictures before they get soiled mid haw thvm framed
Special Evangelistic services are being held in the Methodist Church every night this week. The pastor is being assisted by the Revs. McNeill and llurst. The public arc cordially invited to attend and all Christian workers.
A large shipment of stock was made here on Saturday, about thirteen carloads in all going out. The shipiwrs were :	O. I). Sulli-
van, R. J. Hamilton and E. Dalim-
Why put off buying that overcoat, sir f We haw ,i dandy rang* t'rutti §10
A. Dover.
(’In i>tmas	for soldiers overseas.
Beautiful designs, to send to our brave
1* i t

up
l
HENRY’S
“Canada’s Best”
If. iMISON
COWLING
H. IM ISON
Food Sale.—The ladies of Shawville purpose holding a food side on Saturday afternoon of this week in the old |x*>st
office building. Supper will beaervedl Our instruction being individual you
from ft to 10 o’clock. The’object in ""^Varc îlKAfxj'rÂïlTERS view 18 to raise money with which to hand. Typewriting. Penmanship purchase Xmas gifts for the soldier !>oys log, English, Correspondence, r from this district at the front. There U*®"- Paragraphing. Transcription, and
will Ire a raffle for a aafety razor and a gijfcc January, 1918, ' more than 2«r counting contest. A fortune - telling students from other local colleges have booth will be presided over by Madam joined our classes.
Seafoam. Everybody made welcome. ^indents arc assisted to positions.
Cotnc! Our sol,her boys are worthy %Ty^m% TtUStt and deserving of all the comforts we | ment. Send for circular, can bestow upon them
J. H. SHAW. ]
Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA, ONT
Has proved itself to be Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl logs Advocate.
W. E. Gowlino President.
m
rr«
LJ
for Short , Spell unctua
W. A. HODGINS
The Halloween Concert given by the Ladies' Aid of the Methodist Church, with the object of raising funds to provide a cot in the soldiers’ convalescent home in England, fully accomplished it > purpose in that hespect, a sum in excess of the amount necessary being realized. The night, although dark and wet, did not seem to have any depreciable effect upon the attendance, as the turn-out was very good. Supper was served and a short program followed. Rev. Mr. Tripp filled the chair.
II. G. W, Bkaitiiwait Principal.
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Spark* Sts
SHAWVILLE
Births
Miss Hazel Ballantyne
WANTED.—! dozen Ewes, from a j one to five years old.—Alex Mkl-
I drum, Wyman
At Shawville, on Oct. 31st, to Mr. and Mrs. C. \V. Hudgins, daughter.
At Sinclair, Man., on Oct. 11th, to Dr. J). M. and Mrs. Voung, a daughter.
Secure your wants in
(Graduate Toronto Conservatory of Music)
SHAWVILLE—The Manse BRISTOL—McLeod’s Hotel
Spirella Corsets.
FLANNELETTE
Made to order—non-rustable—will wash like your shirt waist—sanitary. hygenic. Orders taken by Mihh Florence Landry sole representative for Shawville. •
Personal
FOR SALE -1 year-old and 1 two year old colt*. Both sound and well develop ed. Apply to Roy Duff, Maryland.
Mrs. G. M. Donaldson, of Ottawa
was in town on Friday last.	,	...	. , .	. ...	.
1 pure wool goods
The several game chibs returned last week from their annual ten days’ outing on their respective hunting grounds among the hills beyond the settlements, after encountering a rather broken and unpleasant spell of weather, which kept those who were out for pleasure within doors about half of the time. A few of the clubs had very gitai success, while others for various reasons fared not so well, and, consequently, are not found regaling the M. stay-at-homes, * with graphic accounts of the stirring adventures through which they passed in their torestral peregrinations. It is up to the other chaps to provide the music in this vase. Meanwhile everybody seems anxious to know* the spread of that moose’s antlers.
at bargain prices.
FOR SALE—1 two-year old phre bred Leicestershire Rum. For further particulars apply to Geo. G. Huimuxs.
A. Dover
Miss fin mette A. Elliott returned home October 21st, after spetid-
a	HHmmuiiimmHji
Mr. Geo. Pingle, piano tuner, 11 have a nice assortment of Kodaks Ottawa, has been spending a few | and Brownie Cameras from $1.85 up-days in Shawville and vicinity
FOR SALE—Two Holstein Bull Calves, reg. from King Kongdyke and Silva dc Kol family—three and four months old. Apply to Nelson Mt Lei.lan, Wyman.
Christmas Calendars and greeting for the amateur—these make excellent gifts.
White Silk 24 in. wide 10c
" 27
13
a
u
These make a choice gift for boy or girl Mr. Win. S. and slater, Miss|Cataloguesoent on request.
Smith, of Yarm section, have taken up residence in J. J. Turner’s dwelling house oil Centre street.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Dale, of Greer Mount, have removed to Shawville and have taken up reHod
TO LET—The premises, lately occupied by the post office; also the dwelling house in connection. Apply to M. Pkendkk-<»ast. Shawville.
H. IMIson, Photo Artist
17
“ 35
<<
u
According to a statement recently issued by the Canadian Seed Grower’s Association, the amount of registered seed avail. able for sale this year will be veiy K|ns small, the quantity of good deed in the country this year bring Mrs. Harolds. Hodgins, went to | much below the average.
OH	to	her
brother Willie Brownlee, who was en route for overseas with a battalion from Edmonton, Alta.
FOR SALE—A dwelling house, situât ed on north side of Main St., Ix>t No. Hfl
a good
horse stable and well. In connection-centrally located. Mrs. E. E. McCvaio
hummer kitchen
Pure Soft American Cotton 27 in wide 15 Striped
Hidence In Miss M. A house, King street.
23 in. wide 9
12}
fiONCRETECULVERTS PIPES AND ^ curbing* for wells sold at Works Contracts made wilh Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T Mc Dowell & Son. Show ville Que.
Married
30
<<
((
Bad Roads.—Weather conditions during the past two m three Miss Arietta Dale, who left fori At Kd mon ton on Oct. 10th, b weeks have not tended to the lm- the eastern part of the province the Rev. MacQueen, Mary provenient of the public high ways Sf,nie months ago for the benefit Smiley, daughter of the late throughout this district, as those Gf her health, has returned home Samuel Smiley, of Clarendon, to who juive occasion to do uiiich „gHin considerably improved. | John J. Fades, of Edmonton^^^g travelling, can abundantly testify.	f . . . .
US
start out to go anywhere, espe- on Monday afternoon for Quebec,	-:
cinlly with a load. The most of to attend the Legislature, which At the home of the bride’s that portion of the road leading to o|>eiied on Tuesday. We under- father, Mr. W. T. Barber, Oct. 25, Ladysmith between Y arm and stand he is to second the address by the Rev. F. Tripp, William W. Chat teris, furnishes a striking ex- in reply to the speech from thtf Elliott, of Clarendon Front to ample of how bad a purely earth Throne.	Agues Eva Barber After a
road can become, when it is neg-	—:—? —	sumptuous repast the young
lee ted. This road is bad—very Lancc-Corp Barry McNally, couple, in the midst of a storm of bad ; but the road commonly son of Mr. and Mrs. John McNally, rice and confetti, left for their called “the Black Creek road” is of Thorne, who is serving with the future home where a large number reported to be still worse. If it is, Canadian forces in France, has of the young people and friends the people who have to use it are , been promoted to the rank of gave them a cordial reception, truly to be pitied. Yet good things | Sergeant. This information was The bride was beautifully attired y be in store for even that recently received in % letter from | in white silk, ful mud trail before very* long, | the young soldier to his parents as it seems the local member was
fated to have had a rather trying The weekly work meeting « experience while travelling over it Shawville H. M. Club will be some days ago. This may prove i nt the home of Mrs. J. A. C owan to be one of those instances where | on Thursday evening of this week.
good flows from evil, as there is The Murrell H. M. Club will meet nothing so effective in driving ttt the iimtlv of Mrs. Geo. H »bit home a |K>mt or clinching an I nille, on Wednesday, Nov. 15th, at argument as practical demon stra- y o’clock, p. m. Subjects :-Cook-tion. If anythin# were lacking to , i||g a Hit Roast—Mrs. John convince Pontiac anew M. L. A. Smiley ; Heading -Mrs. George that our system of mad-msking, Robitaille ; Roll Call-A Hous# and maintenance needs révolu-1 hold Hint, lionizing, it seems reasonable to assume that the last link in the
OLD FALSE TEETH WANTED.—.We pay up to $.1.00 full or broken sets. Mail to un ami wc will make offer. If not satisfactory will return teeth. City Tooth Works 505 Chamber of Commerce Bldg. Rochester, N. Y.
I
34
15
<<
<<
17
Special E’g. Horrickers 35 Dark Shirtings 27
u
If you can’t get back to the old home during Christmas and New Year’s a new photograph will come nearest to taking
18
((
Compare these prices with the ads. in city pa pers for sarçe goods.
Deaths
The sympathies of the community are with Mr. and Mrs. Lome Armstrong, in the loss of their little boy Denzel, aged 1(1 months, which occurred on Saturday night from convulsion*. Funeral on Monday afternoon to the Methodist Church and cemetery.
After only two days’ illness death claimed Mr. Mich. McGuire, At the home of the bride’s father,1 a well-know n resident of Allumette Mr. Thus Major, Oct. 25th. by the Island, on Tuesday morning last. Rev. F Tripp, assisted by the Mr. McGuire, who had not enjoyed bride’s brother, Rev. W. J. Major, very good health for some years Miss Bertha Ro*e Major, of Shaw- past, was going about hi» tasks is. ville, to Mr. Gordon A, McKwan of usual until two lays before him] Haw thorne, Out. The bride was I death. He was fifty-four years ol beautifully attired in silk of a I age and was a mil of the late Jana v y blue shade and after a b* iinti- J McGuire. All hi* life was s|s*nt fill leiiast the young couple took on the Island and he had been the afternoon train for Montreal postmaster there for twenty-live and other points. On their return | years, w hile he did business also they will reside nt Haw thorne, j a* a machine agent. He was un-Ont , where the groom is a pros-] married and is mourned by three
brothers and three sisters, as
chain of evidence has been sup- Starks Corners H. M. Club w ill be	*— --- j follows ;
plied. How to remedy these con- held at the home of Mrs. Wel'ing-	. u | ,oh“. f) ...	.. r #l
2S&jss! r	ir-rCs teïrrtff *LÆ$£
takes the task, and the extent of plants—Mrs. Percy Dagg ; De McDowell, to Mr. A. S. M< L«an of Bay. I he funeral, "hull was hi* success will be measured by monstration on starching and I cm broke, is announced to take largely at tend <*d, took place t«» M.
iK.-ssTL^.'a rœ ssn i ispje	*KUra;
•tend to benefit moet.	Well, jmart. All Udiee invited. i8b*wvlllr-	1
ma
aw
of the held
We purchased these goods months ago and our prices are fully 20 p. c. lower than the present market.
The November meeting of the
lieioiift farmer
Thus K., Charles and McGuire and Mrs. II.
W. A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###

Tfte riceptlon of Unnod moot. We walked for h»lf a mile through this and silent city of foodstuffs, de Cocagne” (the land of Russian companion restoring up at a high
MAKING BREAD FOR BRITISH ARMIES ;
B*.
m
^.Vral public
hVMithfMl Buckingham Palace Road, | many of tiwca Ie* were gathered a dim Une <4 Red Cross motor», private cars, and taxis. Inside, where the sizzling arc-lights thrust through the fog drifting slow- and sleep with me to-night," she answered.
Outside. In the fog- ! *o*ag up and down the stairs ;
so
r
3
7/
strange ‘La pays plenty), as a marked to me edifice made of bags of sugar.
It is n fact admitted by every one that no army in the field is better cared for or fed than the British troops
but at the same time it is a current belief that no army is as extravagant. This latter opinion, which is widely held not merely in neutral countries but even in England, would not seem to be borne out
On the contrary, as far as
Mrs. West garth caught her breath sharply.
"You are frightened, doar. Come
THE ANGELS
MADE >:N CANADA
i
ON THE STAIRS
ly In from riverwards, were St. John's
could see. It brought a chill of fear to Mrs. Weetgarth's heart these be the messengers of death ?
Elsie reached the landing by her father's room. She held out her hands In prayer to an unseen figure.
"Please make daddy well ! pleaded.
It was as though the figure offered a hand and Elsie grasped it Weatgarth, stupefied, remained stockstill as the child went to the door of
x
MILITARY BAKESHOP "SOMEWHERE IN FRANCE."
"I'm not frelghtened at all, mummy. The angels look so kind. Can't you
I
4
#
Elsie 8 constant father’s
across the Channel to take part in the
in France
Wonderful Organization That Feed»
the Armies in the Field.
awful battles in Flanders
Elsie was too young to realize the
Mrs. West garth stood impassive at the station cn
khakted sentries with fixed bayonets
Could
full meaning of war
had told her that daddy had gone to | trance tight the Germans, and would come back with honor and glory Shown her the more cheerful of the front pictures in the illustrated papers, but get her into conversation women of all she had kept from the child her own ranks of life, terrible fears
“Captain West garth missing." had j not the superficially wounded been the official report mean ? Taken prisoner, injured for
Bakers, attention!” The words of
There were also the relatives and She had friends of the men returning from the
The common sorrow drew to-
_ .by nets. -
command ring out in the great hall. cou]d be observed during a brief so-From their positions, bent double over journ( j found everywhere signs of the long troughs, 200 men straighten rjgjti economy. A regimental cook at bolt upright, head erect, eyes steady, a base told me that he had saved 8,000 hands rigid at their sides.	rations during the last month. This
“Carry on!"	does not mean that the men are stint*
Immediately 400 hands plunge into jn any way, but the allowance of the billowy dough and the work of j fresh meat, bread, butter, cheese, j*m kneading begins again. A man clad an(j tea is greater than needed to sat-The figure entered, too.	in a	sleeveless shirt, wearing a	cook's jsfy the appetite.
"Daddy is In here." said	the	child,	cap,	passes by men, bearing a	heavy
and closed the door.	load	of fresh dough, which he	flings
The mother scarcely knew what	she	down a “shoot ' to the floor	below,
ought to do. Should she Interfere ?	writes W. Kay Wallace from the Brit-	dominant factors of success
Angels nonsense,	of course Î	And	ish headquarters in France.	ern warfare, as in modern industry.
yet Elsie could see them.	We are inspecting briefly the pro- The old spirit of "muddle* to which _	11 • f /l	VI
Mrs. Westgarth	listened at	the	cess of providing bread for an army.	| many clung so tenaciously during	the	f fQJfl fcflll S lj 1*66 II lSl6
closed door. She	could faintly	hear	Here, in the former factory, the bread	first and even the second year of	the
Elsie in childish prayer by the father’s of the British armies in the field is war has been swept by the board. The bedside. Then silence. She waited, being made. One hundred and twenty third and, as many hope and confid-heedless of the cold, a full half-hoour. thousand two-pound loaves of bread ' dently believe, the last year of the Then she turned the handle and en- are each day baked in the ovens of war is opening auspiciously. The
this bakery. I was given a slice of signs of success are not to be read the bread. It was crisp, appetizing	exclusively in the bulletins from the
and excellent. Day and night work	fighting front, nor estimated by the'	Happening*	In the Emerald Isle	of
is carried on by enlisted men of the	number of prisoners taken or miles of
army—men who wear their khaki as	trenches captured ; but rather by
proudly ns any of the troops in the	watching how smoothly, silently, ir-
front-linc trenches. The division of	resistibly the great machine of the.	Mr p^ke,	the chief Secretary	for
labor is admirable. Every device	army, now perfected in every part, is	Ireland haa	been making a tour	of
which tends to increase the efficiency gearing up the speed of efficiency. thv ^uthern counties, of the men has been installed. Yet it	-------+-------- At a meeting of the Portadown
is “hand-made,” one might almost say j SOUNDING FOR SHELLS. Town Council it was decided to re-“home-made,” bread that is delivered	____ ‘	Opon the flax markets.
to the men at the front.	ingenious Instrument Now Being The Admiralty has raised male
Used in France.	clerks' pay in the dockyards of Ire
land from $ti.24 to $7.20.
A British dirigible recently arrived
Large crowds
gathered to watch it manoeuvring.
Mr. John Murray, who for a great number of years has held the position of postmaster in Car lew, has just retired.
.:.°f
she
Fear clutched at their hearts. It Is
they
What did It felt, who arrive In London at the dead
hours of the night. Case® too terrible The suspense of a fort- for public sight would be brought at
that hour.
In spite of the hopeful words of the official at the War Office. Mrs. West-garth waited with dread for the arrival of her husband
Mrs

%
ROYAL
YEAST
Captain Westgarth*s room and enter
life— dead ? night was far worse than any shock of news even the worst.
One November evening there came an Imperative ring of the telephone. It was an official at the War Office
ed
Muddle" Gone by Board
Efficiency and economy are the two
in mod-
speaking,
“Mrs. Westgarth ?*' he asked.
“Yes, yes ! “
“Your husband is safe."
“Thank God !"	»
“He is due to arrive at Victoria eta tion at four o'clock to-morrow morn
A sudden stir and bustle announced that the train was signalled police waved into position the first oN the line of lied Cross cars and private
The
The ambulance men pre-
rehtcles pared themselves.
The long train crept In very slowly and carefully. There was no perceptible jerk when It stopped. The rela lives of the men ran eagerly from carriage to carriage In search of their loved ones.
NEWS BT MAIL FROM IRELANDS SHORES
tug
Then he is wounded ? We don't know
tered on tiptoe.
The child lay in bed w ith her father,
Both were
The information is that he straggled back to our lines, and was seul to hospital at base. It probably means that he Is only slightly wounded, and is being sent home to recuperate. If It were anything dangerous he couldn't be moved across the Channel ga rt h
you will h ive him with you luck !”
snuggling close to him fast asleep.
Interest to Irish
It was a heartrending scene—and yet, in places, a joyful scene. Some there were who found their worst fears lifted. With others ----
*
*
*
*
Early in the morning Mrs. Westgarth entered her husband's room and pulled up the blind.
Ho stirred drowsily and opened his
mriL
Don’t worry, Mrs. West-To-morrow morning at four
Good
Captain Westgarth sat stiffly upright in his compartment. He was not bandaged. An unlighted pipe was set firmly between his teeth. He remained seat*.I and did not even look out of the window “Oh, Prank not wounded garth joyfully
eyes
Hallo, Madge
said he
such a queer dream last night. Thought there was an angel stroking my forehead. Must have been you, 1 suppose. What's the news of Kaiser Got him on the run- What ? London Answers.
Had
There was no need to make preparations in the house for Captain West-garth's arrival. Ever since he had left for the war his room had been ready for instant hospital service. Everything needful was there. Mrs. West-garth, a soldier's daughter, had fitted herself for surgical nursing, but the stiffly towards her had also a call on a trained nurse to
It’s you at last—and
cried Mrs. West- r.jn ?
Flour Brought From Canada
Where the tide of battle has ebbed and flowed, the soil of France is so full of projectiles that a French inventor has devised an electrical apparatus to find them. As soon as the thrifty French recover any portion of land from the invader, they return it at once to agricultural use, but before the soil is ploughed it is necessary to find any sources of potential danger —in the form of uncxploded shells — that may lie beneath. According to the Edison Monthly, the instrument that they use is an adaptation of the Hughes induction balance. As described in the proceedings of the French Academy of Sciences, the apparatus is so sensitive that the operator can detect by sound, through the telephone, the presence of a fragment of shell, or even of a tin can. It is also possible from the nature of the sound to distinguish between considerable masses of metal and small fragments. The instrument has two coils of large diameter, the windings of which are on wooden frames. As is usual in the induction balance, no
Here, in the long sheds, the flour that has just come in from Canada is stacked, amf, passing through the hands of skilled workmen, is turned into bread as if by magic. A steady stream of kneaded dough, freshly leavened, is being carried to the “shoots”; below it is gathered up and Four years ago there was at Alder- slung on flour-sprinkled tables, cut sh »t a;« ordinary field-gun which look- into round lumps about eight inches \our husband lias been mentally ed as though an insane artist had used in diameter, each lump forming a It j injured by a bursting shell.” he ex
It’s not the first case we've
Dublin Bay
Captain Westgarth turned his head
over
?
Who are you ?" he asked. Your wife—Madge.”
I’ve never seen you before
COLORS YOU ( AN T SEE
She now ’phoned
share the vigils
and arranged that the nurse should meet her at Victoria Station, while the [ said doctor should call at the house early
he
Many Shades Fainted on a Gun Has
Strange Effect.
A German prisoner named Back-meyer, who attempted to escape from Oldcastle Detention Camp, Co. Meath, was shot by a sentry and tfied.
The Lia towel Urbau Council are taking the necessary steps towards putting the School Attendance Act into operation in the urban district
The death has occurred in his 71st year of Mr. Joseph Atkinson, J.P., D.L., of Crowbill, Co. Armagh. He served for some years in the Hampshire Regiment.
The Local Government Board have notified the Sligo Co. Council of their approval of the scheme formulated for the maintenance of the roads by a system of direct labor.
It is understood that there is a proposal under .consideration for the closing of several Irish provincial Waterford and Londonderry
An R A M I’, mail, who had travelled
In the morning
It only remained to tell Elsie that Westgarth and drew her aside Daddy would be with them to-morrow But the child was fast asleep seemed a pity to disturb her rest. 1 plained Better to give her the happy surprise had then daddy was actually in the house. 1 him
with the train, came up hastily to Mrs
it for a palette. Every color from a loaf; each is carefully weighed to , paint-brx had been lavished upon it. make all the loaves of identical size. m,,M tu‘ x, r> i" I Blue, brown, yellow, red, and green Then the loaves are shoveled into the
had been laid on in the most haphaz- ovens, baked to a turn, drawn out, ard blobs and daubs, says London An- carried into the adjoining storeroom,
Lssmgg.	1 where they are left to cool. When
It was not until you began to walk	cooled the fresh bread is packed into
away from the gun that you realized	sacks, loaded into goods vans, which
there was method in he painter's mad-	wait right at the door of the building,
ut	hv	.ah	been	reported	missing	neas At two hundred yards the vio-	and twelve hours from the time that
for over	o	fortnight.	He	lias	been	in	,ent coiorg had all run together, at	it has left this bakery the bread is in
! U'C°W ! °n a. 1 lls !!me '	...	' three hundred the gun seemed to be the hands of the quartermasters ready
ihi, Z	. Mi"* f o'"**’. «IS hundred R for distribution to the men.
We take them right away from the : w.a practically inv,Bible
scene of war. In his own home, with . The armored tram, manned by Brit- perfection never produced a more effi-vou to look after him-Now. please. sol(liers and Iîrit‘sh guns is paint- c|en^ organization. The men work at
"vlease don't worry ! A tittle path nee! v,ijn Precisel> milar fashion	I high spaed. Military discipline pre- metaI of Bny kind ls used in that part
and he will be quite his old self again." To K,v* NV ar.0ff“? ?*due;ll,,„ vails- There is no talking or chaffing. ' of the ^strLmcnt. The two coils, at-	¦	¦	¦
Captain Westgarth was being helped wns t.he	reallze that the thln Here there is none of that atmosphere tached to a handle, form an instru- htlng amon*st the num11iH*f-
out of the compartment by a St. John's red llne of Crimean days was quite of personai irresponsibility so preva- ment wjt^ xvhich the surface of the Emigration from Ballyhannis dis-
out of date with rifles that would jn industrial enterprises. I watch- sod jg expi0red and tested As long tr*vt duldnff a *^cent week was very
"Over there !" he cried, pointing to	®,mile- ™d	>?forv	*or ° lonK time these men at their , as there is no metal present the mu- h,'avy- and the numbV of departures
an arc-light where the carbons splut So?th A(rlcan XVar khakl became the work, straining every nerve and mus- tua] induction of the primary and the ln n ""gle day was the highest ever tered	"Another shell !	Duck, all of	universal wear.	.......	cle to do their best	as efficiently as	secondary circuits is in a neutral	remembered in	the district
you !	Shells all round !	They've got At. our	T‘,r™,es hated khak\'	possible, and as we	passed from hall	statCf	with the	result that the tele-	A .100-pound	catch of mixed	fish
our range ! Hang you !	Let me go !"	ttad ,n Au*ust,	1903, it was announced	to hall the command, “Bakers, atten-	phonc	remains	silent. When frag-	in which were	three 25-pound	ling
*	!.	' i Wa8	be. ahandoned’ and	tion!” brought the	men instantly to	ments	of shell	are encountered, cwn	has been made	at Ballycottin by Mr
Mrs. Westgarth	had	prepared her-	Atholi %rcy	substituted, but it	the rigid position demanded by the	jf they lie at	considerable	depth.	R. Blair, British Sea Anglers’ Society
self for everything but this. Her	bus :	was pointed out that grey would stain	drill regulations.	their presence speaks,	as	it	were,	ns the result of a day’s angling,
band recognized neither her nor	the	tvrnh!y»	and that. Bt would n,’f hv a* Looking over the long rows	of	faces	through the telephone.	It	takes two	The members of the V.A.D., KiV
home. After the incident of the	sta	invisible	as khaki, and in the end	r was not a little	astonished	to	find	persons about an hour	to	test	thor-	keal have, through their president
Mop he became dull and listless,	and	pra5t,cal	use w0" the da?'	,	much a variety of	ages. Gray-haired, oughly an acre of ground,	but	when	the Countess of Kilmorey, remitted
suffered himself	to be	taken to the	;he (,ermans	followed oui example,	men work side by	side with what	the work has	been completed the	the sum of $250 to the Ulster Volun-
hous^nd^uM^e^rU^ntireiy	-their khaki	has a ffreemsh tint	seemcd to be mere	boys. On inejuir-	farmer can be sure that there	is noth-	leer Force Hospital fund in Belfafst.
h	"	^ and unnecessarily	ingf , Earned that	fathers and sons	ing left there to	endanger his	life or i The garden plot movement, which
-J b» r	: SSSSSSS
Z — ‘"l,y	1 —1 ZÏ	1I” - — -« - MW— BATTLES AND RAINFALL. Z	.L......... ».
$
$
$
Oh, my God !
Victoria Station lu the black hours | mind has g e " if the morning was closed to the gen
*
You mean that his
soothed the Red 8W„ers He will recover in time
"No, not that Cross mai It's only a temporary effect

Industrialism in its highc. t state of


prisons
- cs;


<
\
man. Suddenly he cowered back



/
/
Z
i

?
*
/
THE NATION’S FUTURE
Depends Upon Healthy Babies
ilferen< e
What was to he done with Elsie ? 1 ul?ly
It would be cruel too let her see her r in hi- pn sent state
city
"Daddy Is too ill for you to see him just now," the child was told.
Üti IS «S1_________________________________________________________________
sc:::: ::: i MMMrn	EEÉHëZâl I I
srrer T s : “SSS1H 5 ! -«H": *. F=« ;	,h" zzs sa % ;u;.v:r.s
Sn/uld brinïon a" Il I g h •" d I Irl' u nv |	V^VlTkery i. only » model	ttel'xUvmely'Ky ï.inîïi -, I flayed a "large pl'rt'in l!iJh"'td
Another week ,:,d ,be .Hu«,lon T^thg ^	M S ^ ZlTJV	I in Englând durinK the winter of I»*" mini.tr.ti», life.
lief and comfort that always follow* the which I visited. Nearby are warc", 16, Dr. H. R. Mill, director of the Brit- A motorcycle collided |
Weelgarlh was sinking into a state of	^e.	wKh ^ore. for the ish R.inf.11 Organization, made the a‘ H'llylongford: Co. Kerry, with the
Ht Ilmen to secure hot water and travel- troops m the field. The amount of following statement: “The vast ness of reHUlt that Mr. \. allace, a well
se## am#	azz:
^ U,Ud ^ Very DeXt	10,000, boxes of tea by the ton, and caL produce a wet winter in England. National School Teachers of Belfast
the like. Brought in from nil parts Take the case of three and a half and district was held recently to con-of the world direct by transport, the inches of rain that fell in excess of sider the moat effective means of ob-gooda are stored in the warehouses, (he average in December over 58,000 taining an immediate permanent in-stacked in piles fo arranged that BqUare miles of England and Wales, crease of salaries, though hundreds of thousands of That quantity is 203.000 square-mile At a meeting of the West Water-cases and sacks are here stored, yet inches or more than 13,000,000,000 ford executive of the U.I.L. at Dun-almost at a glance the exact amount tons. At winter temperatures, satur- Karvan resolution» were accepted call-of the goods on hand can be counted, j ated water The supplies are so vast that no
A bed has been endowed in the Throne Room of the Dublin Castle Red Cross Hospital from funds subscribed by members of the St. John
Dublin Castle
?
Meterologists Say Gun-fire Will Not
Froduce Rain.
Properly reared children prow up to be * Irony, healthy citizenë
Many diseases to which children are susceptible, first indicate their presence in the bowels. The careful mother should watch her child's bowel movements and use
.Army the Finest Union
Many persons in Europe ard many in this country have noticed the un- .	. ,	__ .	,
usual rainfalls that have . irred in nuance Brigade
various localities since the beginning l>,v4,SU>n* . , A. a	»
of the great war. and have wondered At a	of tlu' . 8outh. West
whether those ami other anomalie, in m(,“th Teath*r* Association it waa
stated if immediate action is not taken to meet the extra cost of living some of the teachers were confronted
with starvation.
The death has occurred of Mr. John
Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
It is a corrective for diarrhoea, colic and other ailments to which children are subject especially during the teething period.
It is absolutely non-narcotic and contains neither opium, morphine nor any of their derivatives.
seemed even more hopeless. Captain
with a cart
mindless animalism
Elsie was crying to be taken to her father's room
Mrs
Mr
Mrs. Winslow’s Soothing Syrup
Make ft Cheerful, Chubby Children
But that night Elsie decided on action of her own. She would go to daddy and kiss him well again. From
tho nursery she would creep down-	1
stairs In her nightdress and bare feet, of small girls read, when they came to It was quite dark on the stairs. El- the word “pilgrim." "Now who can sie was not afraid of the dark. She tell me the meaning of the word pil-started to descend cautiously, so that grim ? A little hand went up, and no one should hear her	a voice said—“Pleaie, sir, a pilgrim is
But a Ft air hr. ard creaked loudly, and a man that travels about a good deal." Mrs. Westgarth. from her own room. "Well, 1 travel about a good deal, and heard. She came cut to the landing, | I'm not a pilgrim."
1 mean a good man
She Met A Good One
The inspector was hearing a class
to im
vapor would form about lug upon the Government .	.	one per cent of the mass of the at- mediately release the prisoners of
matter how great the requisition may mospherr that contained it; hence the the recent rebellion, be it can be instantly filled. I walk
Soothes the fretting child during the trying period of its development and thus gives rest and relief to both child and mother.
.minimum quantity of air that must ed through long rows of goods stack- have carried over England and Wales
5 1SB eehhvT: s b™ h bh i
fer rotten eggs to fresh ones.	stre«	e is a square all of sugar ; tion of moving masses of that She_I don’t know. If we did» t
To a good woman a lover’s jealousy close by, one of jam; beyond, another magnilude i, surely far beyond that imagine you men were a lot better
T», «	* irsztz: su-u: js rar - ?——-——- -—-
But, please
A N
nd called up :
"Is that you, Elsie ? Go back to

your room.
Oh. mummy, look—look !"
Mrs. Westgarth could see nothing usual.
"l ock at what "The arge
by aU Jrng£tttf in CammJa and
she asked

mummy
###PAGE###3###
RHEUMATISM AFTER ! HIS DAY’S OUTING
20,000 MILKS OF TRACKS.
»•>
BRAVK NAVAL CHAPLAINS
The Bread Problem is
not a problem in the home where Shredded Wheat is known. The whole wheat grain is the real staff of life, and you have it in Shredded Wheat Biscuit prepared in a digestible form.	It con-	»n enemy
tains more real body-build-	<%, of“quar-
ing material than	meat or	tors at once	gave	orders	to	clear	the .
eggs, is more easily	digested,	battery. Before	the	order	could	be
and costs much lc«. The	«*5,
food for the up-and-coming '.,A naval vhaplttin went back, man who does things with brushed the burning propellant off hand or brain—for the kid- them and pulled them out, and got
dies that need a well-bal-	“/T w%
anced food for Study or play turc disfigured and almost blinded, —for the housewife who must he was led, almost by force, below.
herself from	kitchen	Th.
fraud, not a bit hurt, and that they ought to be giving their attention to people who were seriously injured.
“Another chaplain, hit in the spine, was told by the doctor that he only had a few hours to live. He sat in the chair, conversing cheerily with those around him till death came—by far the least concerned of all in the com-
Guaranteed for all Climat es
The Canadian Pacific Railway is a
Great Corporation.
Stories of Their Calm Daring in the
Jutland Battle.

if all the trackage over which the
.. , _ ,	%%r a w\ Canadian Pacific railway ha* control
Hunting Trip On a Wet Day —that is, all the leased lines, or lines
Brings Painful Result».

»
*
Mr. Arthur Pollen, in Land and Water, gives these stories of the bravery of naval chaplains in the recent fight:
“In the 0-inch battery of one ship shell set fire to a cordite
Dominion
Raincoats! f
Best for Quality Style and n Value ![
*

taken bodily over, or with running
rights—be included in a grand total,
Once upon a time Charles Mullen, ^(, company operates to-day 20,000
attack of rheumatism. He was con- tion which, thirty years ago, issued fined to his home.	its firrft annual statement on a sheet
A friend recommended Sloan's Uni- 0f notepaper. The company owns meut, citing his own case as evidence 100000 mi|e8 of telegraph; 10,000,000
1 of It, e|fectlve,,e*«i MulUn b°ught ¦ I #f uni)old land,, worth *200.-
œ SS.îSSCïJf™	«“¦»»: *¦“' "hyr “ »•
and lie was able to return to business.. ( extent <-f 400,000 tons. One of the i Mr. Mu leu writes “Since that ex notable features of the great corpor-perlence 1 have never been without ation is, that it takes account of so Sloan’s 1 Jill merit in the medicine mafly things, which, at the first blush, chest.” \ou will find it soothesnot seem to be related to rail-
t	th. comfort of __________m„
all external pains. At all druggists, the inner man on th< train n, > EED POTATOES. IRISH COB-
25c., 60c. and $1.00 a bottle.	course, of prime moment; but note ^ blerB Delaware Carman. Order
how the Canadian Pacific Railway at once. Supply limited Writ* for quo- ..	.	• ,	tetlona. îi. V Dawson Brampton
went out of its way to provide dietetic
gastronomy. The railway company
milks its own cows, and makes its	TO $& daily EASILY EARNED
own soap. It bakes its own bread;	by Hih-r h^x on authoritatively
and it bores a tunnel through the <	H,MO .,art nmadlana tak«-n. Ite-
Hample free Nichole
ê
i
'

!
Uy Um
taoMf U>*

¦III lone

iï.vrz.'X'r;
ix
v fure
lOIMI
W# mare fete f re m iraepare ur aW See trou la Canada.
Ulelee
Hallam ¦ Tramer Ou Ida (flea* me jjaerl—eW 0ai«U#
•«nt free on rm*«al • Add ram aa follewe:
JOHN HALLAM Limited 202 Hallam Building, Toronto.
FREE
Ha»»
Halle
ASK YOUR DEALER
<4


ÜWÏ7.

save
drudgery. Delicious for breakfast or any meal, with milk or cream.
»
I
I
l
Sloans
Liniment
AOENTB WANTED
kbJSSS«S5.“ -2
funeral benchI» optional.
Authorized to obtain member* and chart of lodges in every Province In Canada.
Purely Canadien, safe, sound and
Made in Canada.
mountains above the clouds. It grows turned soldier i»n-fvrrwi its own potatoes, and its policies are united	Toronto
of world-wide import and significance.
!
A MOMENT OF PERIL
H/LL 5.

mi cal.
If there le no local lodge of Chosen Friends In four district, apply direct to any of the following officer#;
Maid Stuck a Lighted Candle Into the
Black Sand."
pany."
NEWSPAPERS FOB SALE
?
*
QUEENS SOLI) ALMANACS.
KOK1T M/>KI.\<i NEXV8 AND JOB Offices lor hale in *nod Ontario towns . The most useful and Interesting
___	of mil I uslnesses Full Inf m matlon on
erpllcstlon to Wilson Publishing Com-Chiltlhood ailments in most cases pony. 73 West Adelaide Street. Toronto.
come through som«- <i'rangement of	mjsceTlanbous
lucrative monopoly. Queen Elizabeth the stomach or bowels. Baby’s Own ---------------------- . ,M1,S ETC
granted the sole right to publish “al- Tablets have been proved by thou- Eternal and external, cured with-manacs and prognostications'* to the 8Qn,js of mothers to be the greatest	out	pain	tv	our	home	%tm*nt
Stationers' Company, and James I. medicine known for the cure of these	£0 ‘TllmUad? Collin «wood	Ont. ______
extended the privilege to the Umver- : ajjments, simply because they regu-sities of Oxford and Cambridge, but ( jate the bowels and sweeten the storn-for centuries only these three bodies ach Concerning them Mrs. Napoleon were permitted to issue printed calen-, Lambert, St. Ignace, Que., dars. The monopoly ended when the “]jaby»s Own Tablets are an excellent claim of the king to the privilege of medicine for childhood ailments and granting or withholding permission to j am wtlll piea»ed with their use."
issue calendars—a survival, perhaps, The tablets are sold by medicine deal-from days when kings asserted their
CHILDHOOD AILMENTS £
THE SHADOW OF BROKEN HEALTH
r.J. W. Edward.. M.P. W. F. Montagu*. Grand Councillor.	Grand Recorder
. F. Campbell,
Grand Organiser.
HAMILTON . ONTARIO
There is a striking illustration in Das Buch fur Allé of the fact that it is not necessary to roam over the world to find adventure. The German merchant of the story found it in his own peaceful house, in the quiet town of him birth. It happened on his daughter’s wedding day, about sixty years ago. The happy father was alternately welcoming the guests and bustling about attending to final details.
Once a Special Privilege to Say Who’s
Who.
J. H. B«!i. M.D.,
Grand Medical
The sale of almanacs was once
a
Can Be Quickly Dispelled Through the Use of Dr. W illiams Pink
_ Pills.
BILLIARDS
Those long winter nights you will need Indoor recreation. Why not lnstal a
Home Billiard Table ?
Write for particulars of our famous
Maisonette Table,
for cash or on eux y terms.
Burroughes & Wafts, Ltd.
Makers to II. M. the King.
34 Church St., To onto
HOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
And IIow to Feed

When the shadow of poor health follows your life; when hope begins to fade and friends look serious, then is the time you should remember that thousands just as hopeless have been cured and restored to the sunshine of health by the use of Dr. Williams hnk Pills. These pills actually make new, rich blood which brings a glow of health to anaemic cheeks; cures indigestion, headaches and backaches, drives out the stinging pains of rheumatism and neuralgia, strengthens the nerves and relieves as no other parcels for prisoners of war in Ger-medicine can do the aches and pains many must not he wrapped in linen, from which womanfolk alone suffer, calico, or any other textile material.
Parcels posted in Canada for pns-

writes
In one of the halls he met a maid carelessly carrying a lighted candle without its holder. He did not rebuke her, as she was not one of the regular servants, but had only brought in to help for the occasion. In a short time she returned from the cellar, her arms full of bottles, but with no candle. The absence of the light sent a sickening thought sweeping over the merchant. Only the clay before several barrels of black powder had been stored in the cellar, and one of them had been opened in order
to get a sample for a customer.	„	,	_ _ . „,4k
£35™’"w = sti syrsut »
üe HU
the cellar steps he stumbled. His was poor and I was constantly troub-,	A GIANT SUN.	often drive the dlreas* further down the [ “Your name, Katherine, and my plication. 12 per bottle delivered. Book 3 M free.
, knees were shaking, his breath caught led with headaches, dizzy spells and	—	"'VTT"ha\"''AwLrh" w" Citarih,,, (laughter’s being the same makes mat- ABSORBING. JR.. the antiseptic liniment for
iîîsrr-'-irr»! ==...................................sSEEMEtabt*
jxxxtxsrJUSA tta	.r: «astzzssz m£isSmSÆï:*r.0'	..... T ,c 1 ' * 'syLsy-rrtiiTsr
s?x%r=r. aï	sææftsææ sss' —rS* .h.k. Ih.. ...win, bit improvement in m, eonditinn. Con-	ThtZZroTlIfro: ... SOWS’	» 8S
of wick into the powder. He heard tinumg the use of these pills I began	dj t0 tht. same authority, is «rwtmcit a trial	¦
txAi vszsz srja. Z'c%ir'tr%zzt:	- ¦»*— "**
powerless to move.	and I began to gam in weight. Peo- V ,	•	„	Professor Ellison, “I dunno how that, boy of mine got ARlrs LINIMENT on my vessel and
Suddenly the end of the wick nod- pie began enquiring what I was tak-	0f being at this enorm- ! through college.’’	jn my family for years, and for the
AtLLr,s	*5	sr""" '
paralysis. Cautiously he thrust both the pills for less than two months, and	gun’ It would then occupy °n his diploma.	I would not start on a voyage with -
hands toward the candle; then with completely regained my old time ; ht flve hundredths of the space	—“	, out it if it cost a dollar a bottle,
a sudden squeeze, he smothered the health and strength. I hope my ex- * ^Rhin the orbit of Venus, and,	ldnim.nl Cars. Diphtheria.	CAPT. F. R. DESJARD1N.
You can got ihem- pill, through any	'roy.' n’o’life’rould’’".îit Cfyp-p Or.nulalgJ EytliJs,
^TSi 2£,. b.”b“ «•»-*»ore«.r-^^ „	d„„
ujsie*"	from The Dr. William* Medicine Co.,	NF / AC yi"n y ÿe?j j!iy • your salutes,’ the corporal warned
“I suppose," replied Suffron Long, Brockville, Ont.	A missing suspender button often L V153kT 'At him. “If you see a lieutenant wear-
warninctoVëbpubic.	.... BSis&tsfausffi
them blush to think how they are go-	- altar-after which he becomes a fol- Dnigfiit| 0rM«rlotEyeReniedjCt..Ckic*«e The major has a crown on hi* straps,
subdue the lords of creation Parcels for Prisoner» of War Must lower. _ _ _	,	and you present arms. For the col-
Be Strongly Packed.	, ----------Hia Preference.	onel, who has stars and a crown, you
bride’	went over these orders again and
“ Male floorwalker—Tastes differ, but again. Suddenly his musing was in, should prefer . M. m.1	,	£ ’."gïïrol.^ £.
recruit did nob know what to do for —I “Ami which might you be?" he asked bluntly, unable to recognize the
"I'm the
Mailed free to eny ad-lress by the Author
H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Inc.
118 Writ 31 st Street, New York
America's Planter Doi Remedies
been
ere or by mail at 26 ten a box from right to regulate all things, including, The Dr williams Medicine Co., Brock-even the times and seasons—was definitely disproved and proclaimed nonexistent. Now anybody can say who’s who anywhere.—London Chronicle.
ville, Ont
When buying your I’iano insist on having an
?
Needed for the House.
Husband—Now, my dear, tell me just what you absolutely need for the house.
W ife—We need a new serving table
a set of dining room chairs, a front	_____________ A
hall rug and at least two evening fHIGK, SWOLLEN GLANDS
“OTTO HIGlL” PIANO ACTION

?
A FINE TREATMENT FOR CATARRH
gowns.

that make ahorse Wheeze, Roar, have Thick Wind or Choke-dov/n, can be reduced with

MAKE AND COSTS LITTLE
Minard’e Liniment Cures Dietcmpsr
ABSORBING
WANTED
Men & Boys
?
For All Departments
MIN
Steady Employment Good Wages

Mepeiigat Robber Co, Hi.
MERRITTON. ONT
he fainted
Salute Suitable for a General
The Blushing Brides
The recruit was having his first turn
"Now, remember
i
/!
ing to
after they’ve safely got them.”


The Canadian Post Office Department has been notified by the British bar- ! Post Office that many parcels sent from Canada to prisoners of war in
Watchful Waiting
When

Farmer—Why haven’t you nessed that horse yet, Missie?
The Lady He'p (holding bridle and Germany are being received in Lon-bit)—I can’t get this into his mouth, don in a damaged condition, so that so I'm waiting for him fc> yawn.	frequently they have to be repacked
before they can be forwarded to Holland for transmission to Germany. The British Post Office adds that in most cases the damage appears to be due to the fact that the parcels were inadequately packed by the senders.
The public are warned, therefore, that parcels for prisoners of war, unless they are very strongly packed, will probably arrive in such condition as to be of little or no use to the re-
A RARE XMAS GIFT
The Doctor Says "Quit"
My sending now for our Price
List of
Beautiful Musk Ox
ROBES
him.
Stopping Him
"I shall never ask you to promise to badge of the officer's rank .... . home early again," she said sor- general," replied the officer affably, rowfully when he let himself in at «.guref now, and are ye?" exclaimed
the recruit in consternation. "Then he inquired j ye»]j want something big. flow’d it
do if I give you a bit of bayonet ex
come
many tea or coffee drink-find themselves in the grip of a “habit” and think they can’t. But they can— easily—by changing to the delicious, pure food-drink,
Vaseline
You will have nice time to look It over for your Christmas buying. A fortunate purchase'enables ue to offer these RARE and BEST STYLE Robes at prices less than half their usual cost.
two a m.
"Why not, my dear quietly.
"It’s bad enough to be married to a nighthawk and a loafer, without mak- ;
ing a lair of you, too,*' she replied, mnar<re raniment Curse Colds. &c and he had no comeback
ers
*•*
•»*»
erase :
Camphorated
Cream
They are a rich brown-black, beautiful h/stre and per-
unaurpaseed for
The
with
fectly tanned warmth and appearance x ery thing for
cipients.
Ordinarily thin cardboard boxes, such as shoe-boxes, and thin wooden boxes should not be used; nor does a single sheet of ordinary brown paper afford sufficient protection. Even where proper materials are used, it is important that the contents should be tightly packed so as not to shake
The following
Not Just For Fun.
A Scotsman and an Irishman were discussing the recent revolt in Ireland. The Scotsman remarked that too much fcm was a dangerous tiling that got to do with the rebellion in
Ireland ?” says Pat Sandy, "ye see, it started with Larkin, and fin shed up in earnest."
POSTUM
Auto, Carriage, or Sleigh
Make* ml*o a luxurious
For chapped hands and lips and all irritations of the skin.
All the virtues of "Vaseline" Camphor Ice, in the form of a cream.
For sale at chemist t and general •tore* everywhere, in clean, handy tin tubes. Refuee Substitutes. •
Booklet mailed free on request.
I
“What’s
advised
Purchasers
are
make an early selection as the Musk O* l\ becoming exceedingly scarce ; the skin# therefore will soon he unobtainable.
Write to-day for price list from the largest dealers In <*a noda
Thifl fine cereal beverage contains true nourishment, but no caffeine, as do tea and coffee.
Poatum makes for comfort, health, and efficiency.
"Wee!/
5
ay*

about during transit forms of packing are recommended:
(1) Strong double cardboard or strawboard boxes. Tho<e made of I corrugated cardboard and having lids 1 whi'h • ..mnletvly enclose the sid«* ot the box are the most suitable Tin boxes such as are used for pack
i SI Strong wooden 44) Several folds of stout
LAMONTAGNE, LIMITED

Wanted to Practise.
•‘Mv boy, you want to practise thi
• "1 know, dad, but I haven’t the tools/'
"What do yo.1 mean by that?*' ,
"If you’ll let me have the five dollars I need I'll see how long I ran make it hat.*’
S 1410
e #t West
I
»
Qssll’y
of
If sauf act
(21
Its

“ I here's a Reason "
hist uit*
CHC9CSROCCH MFC. CO

irk
iS THE P
m


I* r«*«l < i
r. out.
I'stiMlIan Cos tun
Winds
IMIT 45—1#.
j
ED. 7.
king paper.
ha British authorities advise th.it
###PAGE###4###
“ FOUR-NINETY "
The appointment of committees then took place.
At 4.20 there liegnii a |*eriod of discussion on two very live topics : first on S. S Superintendents, Id hy Kev. Mr. Ha>kinst of Portage du Port, >xlm laid the prime and the love which that officer should hnvt for the children committed to hi
»ve himself to this par
THE EQUITY.
WANTED NOW
CHEVROLET
)
A reliable agent in your home district during fall and » inter months to sell fruit trees, ornamental trees, flower lug shrub#, roses, etc. tîood pay weekly.
Exclusive territory.
We have over 600 acres
- -f the finest hmg t he mental n..
t heit apple* " HU h " «• eont i ol
' only sold, list a hi i she I "*•'
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 9, 1916.
A
ntial emphasis upon
css
Outfit free
g of the British a ( îcvmim siil', vn-
of the pens the
t
1
pM
I
If I
I
i
!
f fruit and orna x. Including liew varie!tea of
Itvliable trees mis. Write to
I
t cl
1
t
manuel
i
>i\ Amvrieii • further 41 the rut hi
t t!
hi
ml
I'll
hi I
interest, his mmpurat iveh
i'i:i.n vm m usi:it\ ro
\
n
I'll
l topic of til
v led by liev. Mr. MvVallum, of Shaw ‘ ville, seemed to l*e more familiar, a> tin ission thereupon brought out sotm strong jHiints. Mr. MvVallum eontiih .	v..TIl,,
uteil largely to the debate on Superin	i 'u m
tern lents, and promoted a very healthy 1 mt.! !!	.
discussion on the subject of S. S. teach- ,. 1	‘
crs. His remarks were followed I» Kev. . l>tVh \ ''1 ,'"1 1 ’	,
K. A. Findlay, II. A., of Aylwin. wlm in :,iUm:s \ l,r:v>l,,‘' " ,th ,, a few minutes contributed to the discus- *,UM1,îtM '¦ *vu 111,1 ’ ’ '	1 .	.,
sion fruits of experiments on decidedly ^ 1	t.he 1	of	______
jiraetiejd Inns Mis id, < vas to nnvt L"1^ '	^V','’ ‘ jL' vi'Miv' -aid (’'itvo'i Over 500 Chevrolets delivered in the Province of Quebec this season, and every
"Z ttt	1 one giving: good satisfaction.
' “ 1	, I*.1 vlsss' wh!: shllrJd Ml" I	i’mvinw of Ontario, I.iuuiw" :	'v,‘ lliv‘‘ ««T>orts of ns high ns :i2 miles to the gallon of gasoline, on cars delivered in Pontiac.
ivs|Nmsibjlit\ ni keeping order, and VI''1'•'[' '‘‘"'I" • V'11 is an admitted fact that the valve in In ad niotot does give 15 |>. e. more power than any other type
",»n. A K. Kemp, "airman of Ma I	JfutuZtZher	fW 'vice ' of 'Ontario, Lumlier-Merchant, of gasoline motor, which means 13 p. c. more miles per gallon of gasoline.
W.r Purchasing Commission. stated at a j At intervals during the afternoon "dlappl> to the legislature of(Juelieo, With the price of gasoline at what it is, the proven economy of the Chevrolet valve-inhead creative meeting in Toronto a few sion a childrens choir verv nicolv ren 11 n.vxl "''''"il, toi an at o m- „|,(iu!d make it the preference.
........-................ I ftLr*ssASr-£:cwwagi
it m. with the l-enedirtion.	“•>"	",n,»u,y.	«"•' *<* following
The ladies of Bristol served ref.vsh-	other, powers, rights and pm
II
I
r.i
1
PUBLIC NOTICE,
I

Ve
l»y given Bryson, of longe, in the •I Merchant ; same place, isvv. of
I
me the outlying forts pro-trongholil of Verdun, which i'd by the Germans in the t drive last Spring at an appalling iticc of life, are being rc occupied by nh troops, the invaders being forced Xnd tints the Grown Princes hopes of victory have vanished as sun's rays dispel the mists <
* morning.
/
bv

i

Ya
:




am
Aft 4
PRICE $650.00 F. 0. B., OSHAWA, ONT
I
4
ire

car

THE MacLEAN MACHINE WORKS, AGENTS,
CAMPBELLS BAY
it ting legislation at the next sex or the further extension of the life
t
QUEBEC,
i leges :
M 1
the present parliament tiil the war is | ments in the interim between the after ;i. If this does not raise a g, raucous and prodigious the mil iiiin must lie nearer at hand than St people ausiieet.
wn, build, acquire, lease, maintain and operate a tramway and
ox,aient anthems an,I Immts. the de "'V1'1' t,n'lW:l '‘'vor, and al» from a banning, votional part lteing eond.'iete,l la Ile,. I'"!'" "r m'i,v	At.kamek to a
. I XV. !.. Tinker, of Fort Coulonge.' Mr.	"fi"
1,1 Manson followed with an address on Ottawa lover, the whole in the M.stnct Sumlax ...........I scholars in relation ,,,	1 ,m,wc- “m11 a engines, locotno-
. Owing to an abs-uee "vt"’ T'“V" ,'T '	'"T
n this very vital question. 'ls	‘loc",ed useful or pm,ter for
much of the real vaine of the topic was "M rating thereon I ,	1	(Id l o own. Imild, purchase, acuturi.
lease, sell and .lists s of all kinds of 11*7 " >t In the house Itself nor In Its ve",l«. I .oats and appliances that eat, furnishings, beautiful as these things be ns,si in the transportation of persons were, but In the personality of Its oe- ' and nropertx and in the towing and cupants, the dully round of their lives,.
driving of logs. limU-r and .....I goods the atmosphere which they uncon-
genet,tllx, and to van v on a transporta- SClously created
freighting, towing and driving liu- trance hall and tiny Jewel like eon aU(| ,js(l a k,vtl ,;l| t.»rwiiniin_' servatory below to the bill bird room at
, ib,.]r I the t >p of the bouse it seemed perfect*
y aiu| i,v ,nv , ly appointed, serenely ordered and full rite whole to tin of welcome.
l’i inM-ontinenl.il The homo of one of the most tin-.w iv and usual and unaccountable personalities mi said Iu lbe world was tilled with gentleness Ottawa liixer. and and ponce. It was Mrs. Clemens who ? vc of (Juebee ;	was chiefly responsible. She was no
own pmviiaxe ami «>tlivrwi*e longer the half timid, Inexperienced
aromre, lease, sell and di-po....f limiter girl he had married
limits, timls r land-, mines and mineral study and travel had brought her lands, and other real estate, mills, fac- knowledge and confidence. When the tories and industrial establishments of great oncs ot lhe "'or'd came to visit all kinds, and to o,s-rate .11 or any of America s most picturesque literary said pmi-ertivs and establishments ; U*ure. sbe gave welcome to them and (d) To own. purchase, ae.ptirv, de- filed tier place at Ills aide with such
ind otherwise dispose ! sweet grace that those who came to of w ater powers, riparian and hydraulic | W tbelr duties to him often returned
tights and privileges of all | to pay still greater deration to his
companion.	,
William Dean Howells, so often a
bowl I 1100,1 iiiI evening sv<xion* in the bast meut of the church.

TAILORING
+ 1
MARK TWAIN’S HOME.
" i George l'erlev. who has been net
: 'anailiau High Vummisstonei ! m sii
Its Charm and Hospitality and the Motto It Lived Up To.
Many frequenters have tried to express the charm of Mark Twain s household. Few have succeeded, for it
I
Lun I St rat h voua Y death
1n»en appointed to the new post of | church sen ice*
f discussion u
f
«
V
v ot the < hersvas I'm
md as
will have charge and oversight of lung connected with the Canadian
Now is a good time to have
AM**
1
your Fall Suit made up
* &
1
v
What was probably the feature of tin
by tin
i
tionary forms after they leave This will relieve the main i depart incut at Ottawa of much \'u • resjMmsihiliry and a great volumt rk it Inis hitherto performed.
ev« umg v an nddn Lev. Il lirai I >ean Phillips» nf Shaw \ i 11 I lie Lost Book key-note of his add re the hook of tin* law and th reform hy .lo>iah, lie followed tl ogy into tin

gixei
We have in stock good material in late patterns for you to choose from.
U
1

1 ’ VL
Taking a* tin tlu* discovert «•!
M
From its wide en
n sequent mal-
ml finding ot the honk Reformation and ilie ii
i

t
:

1
nid
:

I
M
I
tl
-i
1
4**
1
lit

y
l in aux
will
riu.| Other means .»r
"	’ tin N
Railway. and

»
l
t it* again Iking lost f formalism and material! speaker emphasized the ahs< of the old Book
to a successful endeavoi
m a g
I of Tru
tl.i



*
;
Spring anil Fall Overcoats just arrived in black and dark gray colors.
I
*
II
lute need lx safe guide
N
X
!
IT
tin
Is
\lll

Ontario
vhieli has
versx and The Privy Com llowe.1 tin
1»
Fduea-t hitter g tor some on the other '•«md appeal Findlay School Commis- m
meut t-liools of Ot 1 to ab

I tail wax and tin elsewhere in the Pi

The Friday morning s, with the meeting of the followed hy devotional excreMi> vmi ducted hy the President and Ilex. K. A
I *i Mansi »n gave an add res leather Training, this promoting a great deal of discussion xvhivli proved extremely interesting.
The Ilex. Donald MacLeod, I». A., of
ixe a very helpful address
1 «égal
teen tl
j



mmitt
I

I
(e)

Association,
I

ha
t tl
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
ihjeet
i
I
(i«,\
ippoi
1
paraît
when the till the régula tie
oth parties to the dispute have hy the dm - ; f the Ontario g the exclusive right of t tional law* of the provn i is rights in creating Regulation is been maintained beyond dis.
The claims uf bilingual agi tat ill to the ground, and it is hopi'd 'ill now realize the falaey of fur-
Montreal
m the general topic of how to help l> uid girls growing into manhootl and | ,| it»A
I.’	1,*lt M|vi(’v of tin kinds within the IWii
Mr MacLeod s address went !lU, jevelo,
i tlit* matter and wa* vcrx disi»o*e of water-i»o\vei ming the much appreciated. owing to its Item* derived therefrom t » ami was l^niliarly adapted to the rural column (v) To >torVi dam. c
nities in which the Association finds it water in, on and ne
.	and stream» within the tvi ritorv referred I oofr ¦ beautiful soul, but a woman of
....... «... a to in	M,h
very Jiclptul .me, »... unt.Mtuiu.tely	,,,. X.itimml Tr,incontinent.,1
...meuli.it in. i ire. I by :i I wor attendance, |i,li|w,iv a„U the Ottawa Hiver, and use,
, nnMv.'ruble weather.	M.]|. and utlierwise .lisjrose of Mich I 'be library was written
I lie t n.lay afternoon session opeianl water, and al... sui.i.lv and use the same ' m*nl of » bouse Is the friends «bat with devotional exercises hy Rev. Mr. ,i.	..,,.1 v im*llin., 1,,^ timl>er I frequent It/' a ml the Clemens home
Kohcrtsmi, of CampU lls Bay, followed	generally. and in de- never lacked of these ornaments, and
by addresses by He» Donald Mai l......I veloi.ing watvi power, eleetricit» and all tbey were of the world's best. No dis-
aud I lev. Mr. Mim-mi ......The Home kind- ot motive loxver. and do and |*r- Ungnhhed person came to America
and the Sunday School.	f..,,,, evervthiiij! deemed necessary, ml- that did not pay a visit to Hartford
Reports of eon,nut tee- were then re visal,le. expedient, nvtul or |»miier to I and Mark Twain. Generally It was
'¦V,XV'I X.	.	aivoini.li.l. oi . irrv out ..aid objects or I °o‘ merely a call, but n stay of days.
I he .Nominating Committee submit- allV ,»f them :	*	j The welcome was always genuine, the
ted the following names to the convcii- '	) To OWh purchase acquire lease entertainment unstinted.—Albert Blge-
:	—	sell, di.pos.. ot. and owrate téléphoné I low Paine In St. Nicholas.
¦ U_ and telegraph lines within the territory In v. Mr. I bun : referred to in paragraph “e ’ above, anil Xndrevv Hussi'll. mi i!!(j ahuig the tnwatinrtation
.. .. Xl ,, ,IVlte routes of the company, and oil and | The Precious First Edition Quartos
1» H	‘	n/!‘ along the rail wav* and tramways of the
Rev. t. a . Ball mt > m Rev. W. 1
White ; Messrs. Stewart Stark. Oeo. M
Smith ; Miss Frances ( i. Bn son. Sec.
T rva.su rer.
-ell, least
velo,
in plainer l of
Vs


SHAWVILLE SASH AMD DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
V
f Ijueliee
m<l other wist
md electricity | visitor there, once salt! to the writer:	|
j "Words cannot ex press Mrs. Clem-Hevt and retain ! ens—her tiueness, her delicate, wonder-
ir the lakes, rivers ful t*c*
But th

church, t that the i

nun
t
And again, “She was not
\
h being *»ingular Intellectual power/
There were always visitors In the Clemens home. Above the mantel in
iHBIHHHBiBhrhe orna-
Manufacturer of and Dealer in

ihovi

rs
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing1.
ttempts at bulldozing
it is to U will not
1 f a set
reached satisfactory to •me through
tinned
the law
CD S SCHOOL ASSOCIATION
Annual Convention
annual convention of pontia S la) School A in the Brick Church, Bristol, on day and Friday, ( H*t. 12th and 19U>.
President Rev. John Hurst Vive-Prcsidentx
Messrs. W . A. 1 lodgin'
Executive ( unniittcv B
Rw. W L Tm k< i
it ion was
SHAKESPEARE’S WORKS.
We Can Supply You
>• telling session was held mi s lay afternoon at 2. p. in., rvpreuves from a large numl>er of SunS hools being present.
* ojtening devotional exercise* were
leo. Ballant y ne, of Much regret wax
Are Now Next to Pricelese.
Few literary prophecies have been so strikingly fulfilled as that of tlie "newer writer" w ho In the preface which followed the revised title of the first edition of "Troilus and Cresida" (1009) predicted of Shakespeare that "when he is gone and bis couimodies out of sale*you will scramble for them and set up a new English inquisition."
The number of first editions In quarto of Shakespeare's plays now kuuwo to exist is 144. with two fragments, of which eighty are In public ownership and sixty four In private ownership.
These volumes are worth net merely their weight in gold, but their weight in banknotes of high denominations.
...	. .	i They represent sixteen different plays,
rymg ont n.,,1 |d.rpn«p. ... object,, ...r L of th„m baTiug doub|e te.U, n..k-
BrHSEF	IbhHHSeE
lic.,lxe,l ThBt the Von vent ,o„ re (j> To do. ,,rf..rm. make and erect I v ? 'Jj (J .Merry Wive,'-muster .'.gmie* the effort, „f our SccMary in «II thin», and work, land or water, 1^, HT,lllM.n copies among them.
I .re, «ring for tbia gathering and «-	and ,-artly on land and partly on water	The	nutl)or, of -A Cenau, of shake.
mdehttdnew. I- her lor -kill	thought tweful or I'nna-r to «c "in,,ltd,	,	Plav. In Quarto. 1594 1709"
fnl wmee rendered dunng the ,*,( w carry oat. or give effwt to, anything,	Cn„.erillJ Pree„ uenrletu
r .	.	rlelegatez then-hy m.,kmg the,, v.Ml (k) The whole with |«.wer to ex,,ro	ba. thus dLixwd of many-------------------------- ment» ever placed before the public
ÆfÆ SVSeï k! jr?,'t< ti •»	— oftbi9,li-trict' rn=e, ,re .«d,	„ »,„ ,* to i.,«di.g
: • jtrss	S'.tr./.t agfz, :,z !	-f»*—	-« T"T"' 'ÏTto co?,ult ""b-'^ *•<*•*their order
brief résumé* of the work	done in theii	lions to all discussions.	tinn thereof, mill and factory sites,	* 1	1., 11 f /Le le-n^i hr *hak^ ^ISOMIiere. Nothing too large—nothing tOO small.
rt spectivt	schools	during	the	year.	The cloning devotional exercise* took	piers, dams, wharves, storage of waters,	«h» tk^	________________________________
Lonving the |*4*t as simply a guide post place at 4.20. Everyone joined in sing and for all other works, enterprises and	f h ,	t . rfMPfMr . VT^
t the future. Rev. A. < ' Manmn. I>. D. ing tluit in.|,iring liyinn “ Soldier, of .r^ienttiom of tbe cmlfany.	»unrlraU alone of the* l„ ermeillato FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
, t M „,tre»l, gave the ,.ro.|^1ive „„t Chn.t An*'. The hymn wa.	He», October tnd. I9t«.	I	aumby aoi	which--------------------------------------------------
) k for the coming year in hi. remark» by the benediction, jimnounreif I.) tht	AYLEN A D VC LOS,	w	pu 1 *	P '•	... W u .
mg I ....I	lltev. Hr. .\l.,„aon	Attonm for .\n.iiau»u I vweerahip.	|	ah Work Guaranteed Sstlefactorv,
company ;
(g)	To carry on the business of lum-liering, manufacturing and disposing of lumber of all kinds and in all its
f winch branches or wherein w«nhI good* of any kind, in whole or in part, are u*vd, or made ,*r handled, or wherein things are made ot or from or out of wood, pulp or
(h)	To mine and carry on the bdsi-tnd people of the Brick I ness of mining in all it* branches ;
( litire11. Bristol, a special thank* living (i) To c*wn, purchase, acquire, build, due the ladies of the church and com^ maintain, lease, sell and dis|w»se of all inimity for their great kimlue** to vis- building*, factories, mill*. shop* and it ing friends	h«.	> deenn 1 iwful m proper for the
Resolved—That we exprès- our in- object* aforesaid, or any of them : also debtednes* to the Provincial Association ' all machiner), tools, instrument* and for the help given by the representative* ' things deemed useful or proper for ear-w ho were present	< ment
Resolved—That the Countv Executive
• • WITH ALL KINDS OF . .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Your patronage solicited.
The Resolution Vommitt
Fucker was convenor f brought in the following resolution :—
is a Con % en
ir appreciation of tht
hospitality accorded to u> by the mini* ter. officers
1 bv Rev. (
Rw
W. I
Grove, Qu *ed at the unavoidabl -tor. Rev. W. II. K. Harris, who, tended his greeting* to the ntiou ii* well a* a hearty welcome e visiting delegate*, through a read by Mr. Walter Russell, Sup-ndent of the S. School. The word* •Iconic were responded to by the lent, of the Association, Rev. John , of Varin, in a very fitting man-

Resolved ( 1st) That w\ lion do . \|

Œ. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.


*	Secretary, Miss France* G. Rry-f Fort t milonge, read the minute* la-tt convention, also the meeting
e executive committee and then ited her re|x>rt to the convention.
‘ reixirt was one which c learly and cly stateti some of the difficulties ntered in the work, and suggestive ie measures of improvement. re|s»rt of Rev. J. O. Karon, Proof the Canyon di*trict, was read
•	Secretary, and she wa* pleased »rm the convention that progress «een made in each department in


SHAWYILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
\
4
T. SHORE
PROPRIETOR.



*

4S


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
H Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqtereits.
Published every Thursday
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Send Those Gifts flow.
S'JBIURIPTION, |1 A Y « A R IN AdVANCB
ir All Arrears must be paid up before «*11 y p ipor is discontinued.
Œo 3nbedtors
For the boys in training in Canada For the boys in training in England For the boys serving on the battle fields For the sick and convalescent For the prisoners.
o
ADVERTISING RATES.
l.cu.il advertising, 10cents per line for 1.1 insertion and ft cents per line or each buhsequent Insertion Business curds not exceeding one inch Inserted it $5.00 per year.
Boc.il announcements Inserted nt the rate of rt cent* per line fur first Insertion ttn i > cent s far subsequent Insertion».
sdrertlslug by the
ov for longer periods inserted nt low rates w hich will be given on application.
Advertisement» received without Instructions accompanying them will be In bertc l until forbidden and charged for
ac< oi llnffly*
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
THOSE WHO. FROM TIME TO TIME, HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT, MAY PURCHASE AT PAR
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
IN SUMS OF $500 OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF
month
Co.ii » 'min I
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque ( free of exchange at any chartered Bank in Canada ) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Proceeds of this stock arc for war purposes only.
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and stock brokers on allotments made in respect of applications for this stock which bear their stamp.
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance. Ottawa.
DEPARTMENT OP FINANCE, OTTAWA,
OCTOBER 7tb, 1916.
Coat Sweaters Wool Gloves Heavy Wool Socks Paper and Tobacco Shaving Soap Unbreakable Mirrors Tooth Paste Gum Camphor Oxo Cubes
Heavy Wool Underwear Leather Gloves Khaki Handkerchiefs Chocolate Candies Fancy Toilet Soap Tooth Brushes Chewing Gum Insect Destroyer Court Plaster.
?

JOB PRINTING.
Sll kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORAMCE HAIL, SHAWVILli :
C)
c>. Y. n. LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each mouth at 8 p. m.
E. Workman, Rec. Secy.
J(. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
J. B. Armstrong,
W.M.	___
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each mouth
II. N. HODUINS.
W- Comp. In Coin
Ladies’ Underwear.
W. G. Cowan, W. M.
CANADA S SHARK.
Reg. Honours, Secy.
Good for .lewrounauuKL.
Ladies’ Cotton, Union Weight and All-Wool Underwear, consisting of Vests and Draw-Vests with high neck and full length sleeves in white or cream, regular and oversize, from 25c. to $1 50 per garment.
Monition Men With New Plante Are Newfoundland fishermen naturally look for better results from their season’» fishing because of the The British Government’s aim to steadily-declining output of the Nor-make as far as possible all war ma- wegian waters. In 1912 the output tcrial within the Empire, and more was In the neighborhood of 100,000,-particulgrly within the United King- 000 pounds. Each year since there dom, is arousing some concern has been a decline. The present sea-among Canadian munition manufac- son's output is estimated at 51,000,-turers. especially those who are as 900 pounds, yet very far from having made as much out of their contracts to date as to fully cover the outlay made on plant account. Results are very Irregular. Some makers are of the opinion that they will come out all
right, but others are not at all san- The Canadian Patriotic Fund, like gulne, and a large proportion are every other big institution, has had not seeking new orders.
practical men are of the opinion that something over" on it altogether inadequate provision has cause it is such a big institution, been made for wear and tear. Ex- handling such immense sums of perimenting and adapting plants to money for patriotic and charitable the making of munitions have "shot purposes only, it has appeared the to places ?.he old organization,” it is more tempting mark. To it belongs claimed, and, moreover, before the the distinction of dealing almost expiants can be re-adapted for peace clusively with ladies in this connec-business there will be another big tion. Just as the woman was tempt-outlay of capital. To meet this ed by an apple over in the garden a emergency the provision made is not few summers ago, her sisters have regarded as being as ample as the been tempted since by patriotic circumstances warrant, and in view plums banging apparently within of practical experience as gained up reach on the biggest tree of its kind to the present time.	in the country. To the credit of the
Hope still exists, however, that the tree be it said that the plums Imperial Munition Board's policy haven't been so easily picked as the nt Simd iv Ivvil* be changed so as to permit the apple was, and the picking of them !	l'. :	'	I manufacturers to fully protect them- has invariably entailed some very
*’	* selves not only against wear and disagreeable consequences to the
tear, but against the increasing costs pickers.
of production. Labor le higher in di- | There was, for instance, the case
reel cost, and Is becoming harder to of Mrs. F----------. She made appll-
handle. One firm pays off everv cation to the fund in July, 1915. In fui* Montreal daily via North Shore. I month as many as three bundled August, this year, the Children's Aid
*•	"	"	meu, and gets as many as possible to Society reported that F-------, her al-
*•	Short	Line. replace them.	The men paid off	are	leged husband, had a wife	and three	each of	three	years,	cultivate 50 acre»
il ulv excent	Sun	61	not dismissed.	So great is the	de-	children living in England.	It trans-	ami erect a	hou*e	worth $300.
.»	A * *i	maud for them that they know that pired, too, that his new Canadian	W. W. CORY,
SuihIhv only ??	will be taken on anywhere, and , "wife” had also been married before.	Deputy of the Minister of the Interior.
'ben^c those who take the whim to and that she had deserted her lawful y R—Unauthorized publication of
bav t a change take it. Starting a . husband to go and live with F-------thi- advertisement will not be paid for.
batch of green men, however. Is a The latter had forged his name to very expensive undertaking. It is the marriage certificate, which was iom<* time before they can earn their shown to the officers of the fund, money. All	this expense has	to	and she had been calmly	living on
•om * out of a	margin that Is not	do"	the proceeds of their charity. When
termined by a sliding scale. As a the fraud was discovered the fund natter of fact, prices of the finished secured a transferance of his Govern-•roduct are said to have gone down ment pay and separation allowance
Feeling Anxious.
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
Rko. Hoixiixs. Com. Scribe.
ers.
The sole head of a family, or any male over Is years old, may homestead a quarter Motion of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must apj*ear in jierson at the Dominion Land* Agency or Sub Agency for the District. Entry by proxy may la* made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not Sub-Agency), on certain conditions.
Duties Six months residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine mile* of hi* homestead on a farm of at least Hu acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except where residence i* performed in the vicinity.
Live stock may lie substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
In certain districts a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter tion alongside hi* homestead. Price $3.00 lier acre.
Duties- Six months residence in each of three years after earning homestead patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may be obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead in certain di-tin t*
Professional Cards.
BEATING THF FIND
DR. A. H. BEERS
Children’s Underwear
in all sizes.
Desperate Efforts Have Been Made by Some Men and Women.
SURGEON DENTIST Camvbf.lls Bay • • Qve. Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, t niversity of Pennsylvania.
licentiate of Dental Surgery. Quebec.
Many its experiences of attempts to put
Perhaps be-
G. F. HODGINS CO
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
Canadian Pacific Railway
CONDENSED TIME TABLE :

Que.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
Lea ve'Slmw ville 7.33 a. in., arr. Ottawa 0.30 a. m. daily exre
5.20 p. in. Mon., Wet
Leave Ottawa Hrond St. 10,00 a. m. for Toronto daily.
15 p. m.
11.10 p. m.
Leave Ottawa Broad St. 8.30a. m.
0.30 p. in.
“ Central 8.45 a. m.
3.45 p.m.
5 05 p. ni.	**
3.45 p. in.	“
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
Will visit Shawvllle «very Saturday.
2.55 p. in.,
t*
# »
St
“ except Sunday, daily.
**
i *
Price n.00
t»
4*
S*
*4
|ier acre.
Duties—Must reside six mouth*
D. R. BARRY, K. C.
*4
44
4
44
4 .
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE. AC-
44
44
4 *
I
44
4*
•Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iV Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
44
44
44
For further particulars and tickets apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawvllle.
When you want the best value for youi
. money in ,.
CEO. G. WRIGHT, K.C.
SHINGLES
TL. „e n c»« r.n	I One of the most wonderful fam-
-	cf'’ ,	, „ Hies of athletic brothers ever raised
SL	®	°if ^SJ.ln Canada, or for that matter in the	I is the coat of	labor has gone up.	to his legitimate	wife in England,
ess	nt	sea,	L	Q	u,	uas	adapted	world, was the Desmarteaus of	( ndt r the circumstances it cannot	and the Canadian	"wife” was left to
from	the	old	‘till	stations*	or	general	Montreal. The only one who made a	bo surprising	if the manufacturers	earn a substitute	as best she could.
PHONE BELL	| call of Hue telegraphy. But nt the first world-wide reputation was Eugene, are losing some enthusiasm.	|A fateful Nemesis it was to her, for
¦ I n International wireless congress It was who captured the 56-pound cham- it is held by most of the manufac- she was at the time expecting anil FpMFQT fiARIHIRV LL B suggested and approved that a better	Pionship of the United States In 1902	turers that Britain will still	get	other child, and all visible	means of
Vs a. nil LOI VMDUUlil, u ¦	8 I cap was "g Q gy* which by Its nr-	an(* defeated the great John FI ana-	shells from Canada so long as	the	support vanished.
BÀR.UTt*0* SOLICITOR 1=3“^: “j™™
k x r i > i > v r T o T> i V nrv I, ® y.”	,*"? ' meaning, it tbers, and around Montreal all of was subscribed that there will be no named H-------------------- had been receiving
VAMrBhLLS JdAi,	» no* imeuded lo vxjuvsm Save our the Desmarteaus were noted for their difficulty in doing this for some time support from the fund. To prove
w	... |e°uls" or anything else equally dra- athletic prowess. The Desmarteau to come. Moreover, It is still held her right to the same she had proWill be In Fort Coulongc every » eti I mo tic. This call is an International one	brothers’ tug of war team—it was	that the shells made In Canada	are	duced a marriage	certificate	duly
net lay and Shawvllle every Saturday. land has the same meaning In all Ian	made up of the five brothers—was	bins laid down In Britain at a lower	authenticating her	name	and	the
gungvs.	undefeated fur several years.	11.41; n they are being produced place and date of the marriage.
All of the athletic enthusiasts are	u in Britain.	That being the case.	Somehow, information leaked out
familiar with the doings of the Ko- ! there is no doubt but that business that she was not this man's legal rim Mr.* rm.wT n, r .	.. lebmainen brothers, Hannes, when will come to Canada if the manufac- wife; that he was married to ao.	„	1	11 e e	10	:lonp the	In condition, being without a peer In	turers continue to do business on the	other woman, whom be had deserted,
loop In an aeroplane woe	M. A. Pe-	the amateur distance running ranks,	terms which by so many arc regard-	and that his real wire was living in
Embalmer and Funeral Director I good. In May, I0I3. The first woman to and BIB having humbled the cream >d as being very unsatisfactory. the city. One day this real wife
"loop the loop" was Miss Davies, but af the professional long-distance if, however, the shell-making is herself came into the offices of tho she was a passenger. The first woman	runners.	iltimatoly confined to Britain and	fund. "1 don't want anything from
to "loop the loop” alone was Miss	W. O. George was one of the	great-	Ireland there will be abundant do-	you on my own account,” she said,
Katherine Stinson. Probably the rec-	3el ml,€re lhe w°rl<l	has j?ver	seen,	nands for Canadian steel. There	"but I don’t want another woman to
rer33.1lUttention.Open all hours, ord for "looping the loop"—although	ibut A ?*.Qeor*e a,so	achieved	inter-	iocs not appear to be any prospect	be drawing money In my name.”
nnnfflrifli-ta fi,»*	...	**Donal fame. Tom Flanagan never	>f producing capacity catching up to	Meanwhile the other woman and her
n racial is tuat listed	as	performed	sieved the success that his brother	Lhe demand for some time, and if	"husband” had removed to Montreal.
hy a I usslsn w jo is said	to	have made	John did, but Tom was an all-round	t does the chief producing plants in	Discovering that fact, the fund set
forty-six loops continuously.	|good athlete at that.	I Canada are well able to take care of out to learn what had become of the
.1 nidelves on a competitive basis. checks it had been issuing to her.
Four made:
checks bad been received and cashed I by the woman's former landlady in Toronto, who deducted a commission for her trouble and forwarded the balance on to Montreal, where it was applied to keep the lord an 1 master” of the household living In the solidest comfort of his life. 2. That the said lord and master was a deserter from his regiment. 3. That he had been previously married to a woman who had afterwards died before he met and married again. 4. That It was this dead wife’s marriage certificate which the fictitious wife had presented when making her claiDfc The fund immediately prosecuted and got Judgment for the amount of moneys paid her.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
at $1.65 per M- and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboard* Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ng Moulding;» Doors etc.,try
A. F. CAMPBELL.
BOX 435
Arupiior, Ont.
196 Main St. • Hull.
FOR SALE
Went half of 13 a, 4th range, Bristol, containing 100 acres (more or less) known a* “The Old Graham Farm, ' situated 13 miles from Maryland station (V. P. It.); also convenient to churches and sel I.
Also S. \V. quarter of 14 a, range 5, containing 50 acres, (more or less). 2r> acres under cultivation ; balance bash land.
GEORGE HYNES
I

Miiin Street,Shawville.
For terms and particulars apply to
Mr*. A. P Smith, R. R. No. 1, Maryland, Que., or to the undersigned at Fox warren, Manitoba.
A. P SMITH
UNDERTAKING

CLUBS.
and EMBALMING
startling discoveries were 1, That for some time the
ivmuui Sample* to Ik Exhibited.
The Department of Trade and Mra. Newlywed (In tears)-! Just Commerce Is sending out extensively Invitations to visit the exhibition »f over 8,000 German and Austrian ïamples of manufactured products :ollected overseas and secured for
Canada for a limited period. They | eft Valcartler Camp during tho ire to be exhibited at the Winter Hub, Montreal, and In Toronto University, from Oct. 23 to Nov. 6.
It will be a business man’s exhibi-
Rfo Need to Stay Down.
Mrs. Newlywed’» Troubles.
TIME OF MEETING :
in a letter to a friend In Guelph, 1 former Inmate of the Prison 'arm, now a member of the 5th overseas Pioneers, speaks of the lumber of Prison Farm men who
PAYES A FINDLAY
don't cere! I'm going to give up hou SHAW ville | keeping. Her Dearest Frlend-Whst!
When you took # special course at college In domestic science! Mrs. Newly. All rails will receive prompt |»er | wed (sobbing)-I-I know, but-but I
soiml attention.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday,
WAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw ».
v ok for service overseas. The let cr says:	"These men less than a
ear ago were at the Farm for ransgrvsslng some laws, but their cry presence In the uniform of the ling proves that they believe In law ad order to the extent of risking :clr lives to light for It. Their ap-varaacc gives the He to the belief »!d by no me that a man once down just stay there. Dr. Ollmour would I proud to-day were he able to sea Seme boys In line as we saw them.*
can't find a butcher that did!
J. V. FINDLAY
W. J HAYES.
Beyond Question.
Starks Corners, Second Thwrs. Wyman,
-- ¦»	a r&xfzzz ss rst
ure of a portion of the export trade it Germany and Austria. Manufac-urers may have the samples exam-, ned by expert workmen. The exit bit ion will not be open to 4he pub-idle, an old pian	! lc, but any manufacturer will be
b	1 welcomed.
BS
% Too are quite sure? Welter-Yes, sir. 1 The chef boiled them for himself and
First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, Y arm
hadn't time to
t them, air.—Now
MPTLY SECURED]
fork Globe.

In a
oun trier A»k for our INVKN-3*OB g ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
SS4 University SU. Men tf Sel.
Last Monday,
of each month.

563131
###PAGE###6###
<
1
Adrien smiled, pleased because she ^ jump. Jasper, let us go down and wal pleased; for himself, except that see if the fellow is hart." he wished his horse to win in order Making their excuses to the ladies that ib should gain fresh laurels, he they hurried down the steps, and strode had no interest in the affair. Certainly swiftly over the course the crowd mak-he never gave a thought to the fearful ing way for them in hushed sil-amount of money involved.	ence, for they recognised Leroy as
Then, amid a murmur of excite- owner of the defeated favorite, ment, the starting-gate went up, and Reaching the spot from which the the horses were off. For a while j crowd was being kept back, they found "Miraoour" led; "Bluebell" running two men bending over the little heap close beside him; the "King" striding of scarlet silk and leather. Shelton, along in cool, quiet canter that cover- who had been one of the stewards, ed the miles at greater speed than the looked up as Adrien approached, and little mare could hope to maintain. shook his head.
"There goes the ‘King'!" exclaimed Adrien bent) down beside him, and Lady Caine, almost rising from her gazed at the thin, shrivelled face of seat in her excitement. "Oh, I do the jockey.
hope he will win, dont you, Mr. Ver- "Have you sent for a doctor, Shel-mont?"	ton?" he asked.
"Yes," replied his friend in a hush-"But I think he will be too
A
bread
v
SS3SSGSS2
ÿSSSSSS

1
Men Wanted for the Navy §
DIG, wholesome, D nutritious loaves,
of delicious nut-like flavour, downy light-nd excellent keeping qualities.
The Royal Naval Canadian Volunteer Reserve, wants men for imme- ^ Jiate service Overseas, in the Imperial Royal Navy
N
!i
1
ness a
S
§
FIVE ROSES FLOUR
For Breads- Cakes -Puddings -Pastries
4
v\
i
*
Candidates must be sons of natural born British subjects and be from 18 to 38 years of age.
S
"I do, indeed,” he said, while his lit tie Steely vvvs rested upon the shrivel- ed voice led figure of Peacock, the jockey, with lute, his spine—” n keen, cold scrutiny.	! At the sound of Adrien's voice, the
Meanwhile the horses pounded awny; heavy eyelids raised themselves; the over the courses still in the same ord- bloodstained lips parted as if about to er. “Miracour" leading, "Bluebell” fall- speak.
ing behind, and the "King” creeping "What is it»?' said Shelton, bending up easily to the second place.
The first fence placed*, nearly half the horse out of the running; the next ; man in disjointed words
—see him."
"Whom ?" asked Mortimer Shelton Whom do you want to see,
I> A Vr SI 10 per de> and upwards. Free Kit.
*- ^ Separation allowance, $20.00 monthly.
Apply to the nearest Naval Recruiting Station
or to the
Department of the Naval Service, OTTAWA.
f-
If the labor can be spared, it is a 30 feet, 32 feet or 30 feet in height*, g00tj plan to remove a large part) of will hold an immense amount of corn, the tops from the mangels or beets, For the average sized farm a silo gume time before harvesting, and to 30 feet in height and 14 feet in diam- fee(j these to stock eter seems #to give very good satis- practiced in some parts of Kngland, faction, and will hold, when well fill- antj the farmers who have used it as# ed, about ten acres of good corn
s
doser.
"Wherq—where is he?" gasped the
"I want—to
This method is

threw two more, though the "King"| cleared it in his stride, so close in the wake of his rival that a speck of white gently foam flecked hhe haunches of the lead- my poor fellow ?”
that it encourages the ripening of the Thee est of a cement bloc kor con- | root*3, making them better fit to keep Crete silo of this size will be about nn(j fee(j beside supplying extra food
jœr:	“,ime
allowing the mason and his men about
„	'• ,r“' bul-	from th.
ently. It is to be hoped he keeps seemed as if the soft, smooth voice ‘	?	g for tury ago, the impression is given that
him cool till the spurt comes."	prave him strength to speak. He	t r r r i..kor as it is an expensive luxury. Stock-
"Which will be after the last jump," glared at Jasper, then his glance fell *	•	jhe average farm- men are beginning to realize that light
put in Lord Standon, as hr shifted his on the pitying face of Leroy. W ith	*	f tl ‘ :n OWn and sunshine in the stable aid in keep-
fU.UUMns.se,.	» ^ddenligh, in his eyes, he stretched -know, the pnee oMhese mh>.onn	and clean and tend
it was evident that the high blood of mont------"	, Wori'ls to ^ you may deem in n dark one. Anihmls require light
the "King" was burning to get away, His breath came	fast	in great sobs;	t	m k it	presentable to	an(1 sunshine during the six months
and that his jockey was playing a	he glared from Adrien to Jasper, then	j .	...	• f	:t :s something	theY are	stabled, the work is facilitât,
waiting game.	I back Vo Leroy, as if seeking to convey,	l ed by having it. and the health of the
It was at the stream that the strain some warning, but in vain; with the ,	»» n M»pNnmrhtnn in ran animals is improved. The direct raya
began Vo tell. “Buebcll," the Irish last words, he fell back.	1 n'ciiuntrvman	of the sun are powerful enough to desmare, had struggled on gaqiely; but A gentleman pushed his way for- '	’	*	troy practically all disease germs that
at the last she refused to leap, she ward.	Stable too Warm for Hoots.	commonly lurk in dark stables. The
stopped short, and her jockey was “Alow me, I am Doctor Blake,” he	‘	*	‘	number and size of windows required
pitched forward into the water.	said, and he knelt down beside the If the dairy stable is warm enough jn a stable depends on location
A laugh arose even in the midst of	still form.	to	keep	the cows comfortable through	amount	of stock housed, and the
the excitement; but it was speedily	"He is dead," he declared solemnly,	the Winter it is too wnrr-	tor the stor-	thickness	of the walls.	Stables that
drowned in Vhe cries of: "The ‘King*	us he placed his hand on the body.	age of roots that are 10	be kept for	are l)uilt	to-day usually	have a large
No! No! ‘Miracour*—‘Vicket*I The crowd fell	back	r4ill further,	any length	of time;	yet one oftvn | number	of big deep windows
No! No! the ‘King*—the	with m.irumrs of horror.	There was	finds that loose	boxes, built	for the	more |jght comes from the upper por-
•KingV gotlawayf*	a sience, broken at	last	by Jasper	accommodation	of cattle and	not en-	tion of the sky than from the horizon
They were right, for Peacock had Vermont	tirely divided from the remainder of tt window long up and down admits
thought it wisest to put the spurt cm "Dear,	dear!”	he exclaimed	in	tones,	the stable are used for this purpose.	more	light	than	one	of	similar	size
already, and the ‘King," with every	in which	hud	it	not	been	for	the	ab- j Only if these roots so stored arc	fed	placed horizontally.	In order to	give
fibre stretched to the utmost, had dart-	surdity of the idea, one night have	within a few weeks is	this way of	ventilation, some have	the windows
ed ahead. "Miracour" caught up	fancied there was almost a spark of	sVoring them excusable.	Roots, to	hinged at	the bottom so they will open
again, and side by side they raced over	satisfaction. How	very, very sad.	go through the	Winter in best cofidi-	\n a% the top. This permits fresh
Three minutes later a laugh of,	‘	Thousands,”	said Adrien quietly, the level flat, cheered and	shouted aV	1 wouldn't have had	this	happen for	tion* should be	kept as cool	as pos-	ajr to enter without causing a direct
derision arose as the announcement , Jasper touched him on the arm and by the frantic crowd.	anything!”	sible without freezing.	! draft on the stock. If the window
was made that the chestnut was whispered, in gentle remonstrance; | A roar like that of the sea broke	(To be continued).	The root cellar should be situated ***% is in two sections the upper part
"scratched." But further discussion "Steady, old chap, there's pots of forth as the two animals neared the	1	?	1 so near to the barn, that feeding can
died down, as the Leroy carriages ar- money on him, as it is. Don't you last obstacle, a great hedge filled with	SBtfB be done without much effort, but Its
rived—only just in time, for the sad- Vhink it would be as well—"	thorn, and like miniature mountain.	place is on the ouVside of the solid
tiling bell had already rung.	“Make it thousands," interrupted Neck and neck they seemed to be,	—	____B9 walls that surround the stock and the
looking its Adrien, almost haughtily, as he turn- when suddenly vhe "King" darted I	/ #1©	# O^VTl II door between cellar and stable should
best.	Long	lines of	glittering motors	ed on his	heel.	forward, and, amid terrific shouts of	|L.	Je	be solid, or what is better, double.	In
and smart	carriages	had	joined	their	The man	booked the bet, bowed to astonishment, took the leap too short,	6fl	Hie case of bank barns, the space	be-
humbler brethren of traps and omni- Vermont, as to an utter stranger, and f^H sideways, and pitched his pockey Bjyjj-----------	-	____ _____nea*h *b<‘ drive-way to the threshing
buses. The scats and stands were the two gentleman passed to the the short scrub, a dozen feet	floor can be used to advantage as a
filled with gaily-dressed people; wo- weighing-seat. Peacock had already , away.	Wouldn't Be Without Silo.	ro0* ceHar, buV where the animals are
men n their furs, velvets and exquisite gone to don his riding-clothes, and "Miracour” rose for the leap, and Jn j to sjjn mv ol)injon js ^pt on the regular ground level, as haVs giving the impression from a dis- without waiting to see him again, clearing it, cantered in the winner by , it i= almost nere«vvirv to a farm- thcy should be instead of in a half-tance of a huge living flower garden. Adrien and his companion returned to sixty lengths.	both for mixed farming and dairy-^ basement, a separate cellar with a
On the appearance of Adrien Leroy, the grand stand. Here Leroy stop- Tor a moment there was Vense sil- . '	.	t	: tv,. oniv I passage-way to the stable, should be
the excitement reached its height, for pod to speak to Lady Merivale, who, ence, broken by a roar of surprise, .j # t	v t kan<np rorn i*n constructed for the roots, or the exca-
he was known to everybody by name with her sister, the Marchioness of rage and disappointment, as the crowd - .	* ,	' t u„n iie f0<idn> i valion mu> be made under the drive-
Caine, had moVored down from London i broke away and swarmed over the	way of a hay barn, thus providing for
course to the spot where the jockey	,,	7	K *, .	.	a good amount of shelter and allow-
still lay. A murmur of horror had	.	C.or" !s a	crop that	*s	easy on the	ing of Convo,iience in filling.
also gone throughout the length of ar t ’	K°u<1 (l*a u 1 s ™ In harvesting all roots, care should
the grand	stand;	but	whether	of	dis- ! 8tam c	fl o.m lhe air* H ® ci op	that j >>€	takvn to have as much as possible
appointment,	or	at	the	fall	of	the	rid- ‘ °tS, V'.e ! m warm, dry	weather, i	(,ul-1 of	the 80ji removed from them, and
er. it was hard to say.	U%aie' frequently, *he" other crops they mu8t be (lry beforeg oing into the
All eyes were turned on Adrien. 1V,ea	* * ant *	nances	ceuar> otherwise heating will take
His face was rather pale, but quite	^	Wlt. ' e ° er ® (ler	crops when	pjace to suvh an extent that rot will
^	^	.m,	&&
c. tie and may	alao be	fed	to some	,, or two aftcr being puiIed g0 ^.t
*	10 she.ekP •nd hor.8es	„ t : they may dry out	This method is
| Behevmg that corn .s an excellent ofUn p08sible wiU) turnips, which
" (T,op ,f',r t!je fa7tr * *ro" wf con- stand a good deal of frost, but beets s.de the silo to be of great value as' or mangels harvested late in the sea-
I 8 Pr°a	? tl.meLnS, ,	?	* u	a	B0"	art' in considerable danger, and if
regard	to the kind of	ado much	de-	too	w„ for permcnent borage should
I Pends on ,how a	man ‘f	"! uated: Ï!*	be pitted for the time	being, and put
.distance from a	gravel	p,t	and his	jnto the rellar later.
, facility to obtain timber for good
j building material.
The first silos that were built in
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
er
Adrien nodded approving I ‘‘That fellow knows how to ride,'* pathy ¦{{¦“If he keeps the‘King* like HH
Or The Sunlight of Love
Light in the Stables
“Perhaps I can be of use," he said, “I know him; perhaps he wants to tell
he said that, the race is ours."
I then he betook himself to the paddock, ' where “King Vole" had just been saddled.
| At the sound of the loved voice the beautiful animal turned his head, with a whinny of delight. Then, as the two people he disliked with evry fibre of his being, approached him —Jasper Vermont and Peacock, the jockey—he laid his ears hack with every appearance of alarm ami distrust It seemed as if his animal instincts were keen-
VHAPTER X.—(Cont'd)
Twelve o'clock struck, and no signs as yet of the Leroy party; that is to say, with the exception of one man, namely, Mr. Jasper Vermont.
“Your swells are always late," said a thick-lipped turfite, biting his stub- j by pencil prior to booking a favorable They gives any money for style, an' play it high on us their way to be to time for anything not they—only us poor chaps."
The
bet
It ain't
er than those of his master.
surrounding ei owd echoed his j Leroy stroked the soft nose of the shout of two to one on King t ole. racehorse, while Jasper passed his despite h s diatribes against the swell; hand admiringly over the satiny neck, when suddenly attention was caught “Beatuiful as a daisy," he exclaim-l>y a ua?dx chestnut, thin in the flank,1 ^ Hnd as Mr. Vermont would hard-nnd badly groomed, which was led into lv have recognised that) humble flower the paddock by a dirty, close-shaven if he had seen it, this was rather countryman, who looked as nonchalant
qualified praise.
“Too long in the legs," murmured a man whom Jasper had previously in-Presentfy, while the crowd pushed Produced as a sporting friend of his. around the sacred enclosure, Jasper Adrien turned round and surveyed Vermont walked swiftly up to the the speaker calmly for a moment.
“Too leggy, you think, do you! I'll lay two to one upon them."
“Done," said the man sharply. “Hundreds or thousands?"
and self-satisfied as if he held the bridle of “King Cole ' himself.
As
wins.
beats

Yorkshireman and whispered behind a sheltering cough:
“That will do Take him off. The plant's safe without him."
may be made to open inward rule windows on hinges are much more easily opened than those made to slide.
Before winter sets in, the windows in some of the old stables could be
As a
The course was now
enlarged. An expert mason or carpenter is not required; any handy man can do the work The window frames and sashes can be secured from the planing mill, and they can be put* in by the farmer himself. If the wall is of stone or concrete the opening can been enlarged to the desired size, the frame set in position and the wall built to it with concrete. Boards fastened around the frame will hold the gravel and cement in place until they harden. More light can be let into the stable at very little expense. Arrange to have plenty of light on the south side of the stable so that direct sunshine may enter. Sunshine, light) and fresh air are necessary if stock is to be kept in a healthy condition and give the largest possible returns for feed consumed. —Farmer's Advocate.
and sight, and was. moreover owner of the favorite
to witness the race
The Marchioness was a lady with a passion for bridge, and an intense admiration for Adrien Leroy.
“You are quite sure your horse, that pretty creature with the long neck, is going to win? She inquired, as he stood by her chair
Her sister, Lady Merivale, looked up
mockingly.
“Of course he's going to win. Alicia. Did not Lady Constance Tremaine say so? Surely she ought to know!"
Leroy did not appear to notice the jealous sarcasm of this speech.
“I hope he will win," he said gravely. “Nothing is certain in this world, and racehorses are said to be as fickle as your sex, dear lady." This was a mild thrust at Lady Merivale; but she only smiled sweetly in response. Still, 1 think you may safely bet on the 'King'; he's in fine form." Then he turned to his cousin. “Here is your beau cavalier, Constance," he said, amost jealously, as Jasper Vermont came leisurely up the steps of the grand stand; then, with a swift glance at the girl which was not lost upon Lady Merivale, he went down once more to his father.
The carriage containing Lord Bar-minster had been drawn up as near the course as possible, and as far from the crowd as space would permit; for his lordship invariably refused to mix with any concourse of people, even when they consisted of his own order.
HHpHHpHli was
comfortable, escorted the ladies down to their seats on the grand stand;
Adrien, having seen t»hat he
?
Miracour' ran finely derstand the King* falling at the last
I can t un
é 4
Fittingly Described.
“There was a chap just in here looking for you Smith."
“Was he tall or short?"
“Both."
“What do you mean?"
“He was a tall man and he said he wanted to borrow a dollar."
/,

i
Km
I
,/
Pi
. »

ti
/!
4
Ml.
this part of the country were built of 2-inch hemlock plank, planed on the edges, and held in place by iron hoops, about* four feet apart. These hoops were run through upright posts 3 by 4 inches in size, and extending from
HEADACHES,BILIOUSNESS I bottom t0 u,p of sil°- Thc iron hoop"
rnMCTiDATiAM	i or r°d* ha<l lhreatis and nut on each
vUINo I IrA 11UIN,	end, with the ends just projecting
through the upright posts, so that the
hoops could be tightened when the
silo was empty in the summer. This Nearly all our minor ailments, and many | made a very cheap silo, provided a
ML5 n,\e,d	T;88? “
bowels. If you wish to avoid the mis- b? 24-ft. silo could be bu.lt for about eries of indigestion, acidity, heartburn, Ofty dollars. The iron hoops cost flatulence, headaches, constipation, and about fourteen or fifteen dollars. Some a host of other distressing nilments. vou , of these silos were built fourteen or must see to it that your stomach, lifer |
______ and bowels arc equal to
JffY the work they have to
do. It Is a simple matter to take 30 drops of Mother Sci gel's Syrup daily,after meals, vet thousands of for sufferers have banished indigestion, iousnews. constipation, and all their dis-tressin
I
t
I
/
<

fi


Underwear
ï TNDLRWEAR should
^ l>e a lot of things,
but above all else dsinly. A little touch here and there on Penmans has accomplished this. Penmans underwear is chic, it's meant to
be--we all like pretty things
—it s soft as fleece, and smooth as a kitten’s wrist. That’s why every woman in the land likes Penmans.

FOR

l

)
Pears
INDIGESTION
fi
“The bell is about to ring now," he | Arc you sure you can see?" j "Quite sure," replied Lord Barmin- ;
“How is the horse?" i
sir," Adrien j I should think
said
For clear, white delicately flavored preserved pears use

¦ter curtly
“In splendid form answered cheerfully, it is a safe thing. If you are quite all right, I’ll get back to the others now. before the crush begins."
His father nodded, and the young man made his way back to the stand. Here he fo yid the Castle guests al- |
ready seat«4BHHÎIHHHIH| betting-ring still ascended at interval, though the majority of the vast crowd had settled down to watch the With a thrill of pleasure, Ad dien saw that Lady Constance had kept a seat vacant for him beside herself; and with a light word to Lady Mervale as he passed, he took his place, and unstrapping the heavy field-glasses, arranged them to Lady <instance's liking.	"
"Can you “Beautifully," she replied, as she
“What excitement they i
9

0

Penm
¦ ns Limited
Paris
O
fifteen years ago, and are in a good state of repair to-day.
The next to be built were the double wall with wooden hoops; then the concrete, and later the cement block silo. A few steel silos have also been erected but have not become popular with corn growers. The cement silo, if well built, is the most durable that can be erected, and where gravel can be got at a reasonable price, is no doubt the best silo a farmer can build.
This section of country is all devoted to mixed farming, and the ensilage is used mostly for feeding beef cattle. Very few farmers have more than one silo. In regard to keeping the ensilage in good condition, it can be done in a silo fourteen or fifteen feet in diameter as well as in a smaller one. A silo with this diameter, and
0
/
i
Harsh cries from the


The ideal sugar for all preferring. Pure cane. ’’FINE" granulation.
g consequences in just this simple Profit by their experience. At s
wiy
digestive tonic and stoma. Me remedy, Mother Sci gel's Syrup it unsurpassed.
race
aotl
2 and 5-lb carton* 10 and 20-lb bag*
MOTHER
SEIGEL’S
"TheAU-PurposeSugar"
vs
S4
I 4
fcr •
all right

he asked
SYRUP.
/
tried them are all in," she added, as she surveyed the teething crowd.
nva wtw : re

Hewer Hldf.. *

as tse rent tu> •otaar
W*
J

###PAGE###7###
t
“Immensely,” replied Lord Standon, yet, speaking for myself, ' he said, "I f who himself hud lost more than he would rather have dropped treble Hie could afford—indeed, there was little amount than that poor fellow should doubt that this race would almost have lost his life by a horse of mine." prove his ruin; but, nevertheless, his
inordinate good humor and optomistic a case of suicide,” declared Lord nature triumphed above every other Standon angrily. “He put the King' consideration. Certainly, no word of to that last hurdle half a minute too blame or self-pity would he allow to soon. The horse was not to blame; pass his lips. “Yes, he has lost? more he would have taken the hedge, and heavily than any <rf us, as Mr. Ver- another on top of that, but for that mont knows, I'll be bound,” he broke unlucky spurt. Ton my soul," he off, as that gentleman approached. j concluded hotly, “if I didn’t know how Jasper Vermont smiled, as he did at well he'd been cared for, I should have every question or assertion made to said it was done on purpose!" him.	I Unlucky youth! he little knew the
“I’m afraid he has plunged deeply harm he had done his empty pockets this time,” was his smooth reply, by this rash speech. Jasper Ver-“Unfortunately, he only has himself mont’s eyes narrowed, as was their to blame, though I deplore the fact wont when anything occurred to an-that I was not? with him at the time.” 1 noy him, and he registered a mental Both Lady Constance and Lord note against the unfortunate peer s Standon looked up, startled by his name.
tone as much as by his words; and Adrien frowned, as he rose with the Jasper continued glibly:
“He gave the jockey a ten-pound "That is imposible," he said, almost note last night, and, of course, the man sternly; “Jasper saw to that too well, got drunk. Consequences—an un- But, in future, no one shall ride the steady hand this morning, a hasty ‘King’ bub myself; he’s just up to my
puh at the last rise, and a clear lose weight,” he concluded. "Jasper, en-	Housing Machinery
mmm #=%=:=mmm '
«¦•SE':.—isssssss ==>i
ssssss «s#
which few	" j*
fPE
tmn
- gin’s eyes to hü friend’s falseness—' very risks and chances that make the, rarm
1)	"*'¦	““*""I"EZ'ZlTLZd„w....lit,,.;	m.
It seemed as if he were blind in note-book—only a very ordinary penny The best cows are never cheap and more than one direction; for at that note-book; for it was wonderful how, seldom for sale; so it is up to every you, Sam? minute Leroy himself crossed the' mean this man could be when he had, dairyman to give the heifer calves the in washing to support you."
room, with an aspect that, in any oth-1 to expend his own money. Save ' most intelligent care.	“Weil, she does Uke in washin’,
er man, would have been termed glum, clothes, which necessarily had to be1 Calves Intended for the dairy should | sir but she s dependin on me to be The sight of Hie girl with whom he °* *ood material, though quiet in color, J not be made fat as veals, and they home regular to my meals.”
Bp ¦ rapidly falling in love, sitting never failed bo buy the cheapest in rapt conversation with Lord Stan- article obtainable; unless, of course, ven though that young man was w^en on ^e principle .of “throwing a his friend—had roused a strong feel-. 8Prat to catch a herring,” he stood to champion, that his loss of the race had jng 0f resentment within his heart. He	a profit.
come like a thunder-bdlt; and most of restrained himself, however, though it	this little book, there lay the re-
all to Adrien himself. The actual was in a rather cold, forced voice cords of fortunes. A fortune spent by monetary loss did not seem to trouble that he asked Lady Constance if she Leroy—a fortune gained by Jasper j him; indeed, it was probable that he would sing. She rose demurely en- \ ermont. He smiled to himself, as himself was unware of the immensity ough; for his very coldness and jeal- he closed one eye, and counted up the of the sum involved. Only Jasper ously, slight as it was—careless as she	he had netted through this day s
knew, Jasper who wore his usual calm, knew it to be—proved to her that the work.
serene smile, and certainly worked love she so ardently desired was ' L	.*u	t.
hard to banish all regrets concerning awakening at last.
such a trifle as a dead steeplechaser, The evening passed quietly. Adrien pounds as well as any lingering memories of himself refused to his dying words.
“One thing is certain,” said Lord turned over the pages of her music Standon to Lady Constance, who had with such a devoted air bhat at last Twinning was boo risky, he muttered, been sighing over the defeat. “Ad- the ladies of the party began to whisp- frowning at the recollection. “My rien will not allow anyone to ride the er knowingly amongst themselves. grand knight might have smelled a rat.
WmsayTT ^	“1 -ShetiedînTti^adêd"sliZf %n^Tt^	**
- HE#### £*£« «SS:
**
ful, than herself.	tion, and popularity-while the other
Afber the ladies had retired for the ^ust perforce live by his wits, is quite
night, Adrien gave himself up to un- guffjQjent to arouse all the evil pas-
accustomed reverie. The tenor of his
life had been changed. The inane
L»
1
Let Him Help Himself ïo	j
CR0WN,.m©	6
CORNWSïRUP f:

73

“His own fault
It was absolutely
!

M
Quicker-Easier
More Comfortable
i
V
IT will do more tlien nettefy hfa craving for •omrtMngrvefit"—It wl'ls".rpjy m the food element» neeiH m t v.lld up

tr#
/
il
Are you taking advantage of ALL the modem methods of saving time and trouble? Are you up-to-date In your shaving as well as In your work? Are you using a
Ms little LVy i-d help Ll.a to Lain In health and strength.
"Crown Brand" Is a wholesome, nourishing fool — i s well as the _ nr st delicious of table syrups.
The redoes in our new hoik, "D«S5?r's and
Ca idles", will tell tm Just how to vse It. In many novel ways. Write for a copy to our Montreal Office.
Dealers everywhere have "Crown Brand" In 2, 5. 10 end 20 pound me—and 3 pound glass fare.
i THE CANADA STARCH CO. LIMITED
\ montrcal. eamoiMAL. »e awtfoao, four william.
V	Maker \ o/"I.ify li'hite" Com Syrup, Demon'» Com
Starch and "Silver Ci ton" Laundry Starch.
¦*8



Gillette !!?<£
BE
*



In lb own way the Gillette is as quick, efficient and convenient as your milker, your binder cr your telephone. It compares with other razors as these modern inventions
compare with the things they have replaced.
Without honing, stropping or fussing, the Gillette will give you the easiest and most comfortable shave you ever enjoyed, In five minutes or less I It makes shaving an every-day pleasure Instead of an Irksome twlce-a-week job.
“Bulldog”, "Aristocrat” and Standard Gillette Sets cost $5.—Pocket Editions $5 and $6—Combination Sets $6.50 up.


rest
222

m
sin
mNW#UM#WM:#NU Mw#.:##
Pli
n
!
!
should not be allowed to become stunt.
They should be thrifty and growing all the time.
They should have enough bright clover hay to distend the digestive tract, clean.
Give them water every day, even though they are drinking milk.
The cows should have a chance to go to shelter now when they naturally seek it.
A thorough chilling now will disqualify a herd for profit during the whole winter.
All windows and ventilators should

=\

/
Give them all they will eat up
v
>*
rs'

laid
I
III
i be put in order now.
' The stable floors and mangers should be inspected and put in first-class condition things until a big storm comes.
Efficiency counts as much in handling a dairy herd as in any business.
Plan the stables so you can save the ! liquid manure
You co•• buy them at Hardware, Drug, Jewelry, Men's Wear and General Stores.
Don’t leave these
Gillette Safety Razor Co. of Canada, Limited
It? will pay.
Use up the pumpkins before they freeze.
219
Office bd# Factory t
Gillette Building,
MONTREAL.
^ > >
él
/ *
If you are making butter or selling cream, be sure your cows are bred for that end sure about that
j hi

If you are selling milk be

[
?
Depending on Him.
I can’t join the army. I got a wife dependin’ on me.”
“You’ve got a wife depending on
I thought? your wife took
<
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
Or The Sunlight of Love
was SO
.» •
FIVE ROSES FLOUR
don
CHAPTER XI.
It was night and the race course lay deserted and silent beneath the pallid The noisy crowd had tramped and driven its way back to London. But there was one whom the noise and bustle of a race meet would never rouse again—Peacock the jockey, who fay dead in the stable house.
His death had cast a depression over the on Vi re Castle, and though both Adrien and his father—to say nothing of Jasper—had striven their utmost to keep the minds of the guests away from the unhappy event, it was yet an almost gloomy party that gathered after dinner in the silver drawring-room.
Nearly all had lost heavily through the fall of poor “King Cole.” They had had such entire faith in their
FOR BREADS-CAKES - PUDDINGS - PASTRIES

moon
Crisp, Crackling
fs
COOKIES
Eight—ten, with Yorkshire Twining’» last little touch—ten thousand __	i. Ah, if those fools knew how
__________________, 8ing, though he 'intruder' was stripping them of their
stayed close by his cousin’s side, and K°^en plumes, how mad they would
Ten thousand pounds! But
%
and a glass of milk—taste the delicious blend of flavours.

be!
it.
THREE VITAL QUESTIONS
Are you lull of energy, vital force, end general goe.1 health? Do you know that good digestion ./ le the foundation of good health ; Peine end op-
conetination, beedeche dissineee, are euro eigne of Indigestion. Mother Selgel'e Syrup, the greet herbal remedy end tonic, will cure you.
fgf, AND
BANISH
H STOMACH jhj TROUBLES
M OTH E R
You will like its Fine Granulation
y your sugar in these neat 2 or b. cartons, which you can place directly on your pantry shelves.
Just cut off the corner and pour out the sugar as you need it.
>
AFTER
MEALS
TAKE
Pure Cane

Bu
h
5-1
# rs
At all Druggiete, or direct on receipt o* price, 50c. end $1.00 The large kettle contains three times as mu. b ne the «matter. A. T WiiiTl A Co. Limited. Craig Street Weet. Montreal.
Lxtra Quality
Granulated
siona of which he is capable.
“A mighty regal way he has with senseless round of dissipation had him," he muttered again, as he put begun to tire him; the homage and away his book, “ten thousand pounds! flattery cloyed on his palate. And, q0 on> Jaaper, my boy—persevere 1 now, with hie newborn love for Con- The game starts well, the winning stance filling his heart and mind, had cardl) are yourg. Gentlemen, make come the overwhelming failure of his your game, *eb all is rolling." beloved horse, and the death of his
jockey; the last causing him more pain general, and his titled and wealthy than the lighthearted companions acquaintances in particular, Mr. Jas-around him would have believed pos- per Vermont made his preparations sible. Neither had the half-defined for the night. He kept no valet; men charge made against Jasper escaped 0f hie type seldom care to have an-hls notice, though he had disdained to other in such close relations as must make any mention of it.	necessarily happen when one man
Shelton noticed his absent manner, holds the keys of another. It has been as they smoked their last cigar before said by some cynic, that “the man who
takes off your coat sees what is passcounting up the losses, Adrien?” | ing in the heart beneath it,” and with
this statement Mr. Vermont probably
f
Lande Sugar

eenmcii
1
eg also in lOmnd 20-lb bags for housewives who like to buy in larger quantities
co
11
2 and 5-lb Cartons 10 and 20-lb Bags
STYLES
With this invitation to mankind in
"The All-Purpose Sugar”
e
IN these days
of bhoft skirts hosiery is a most important part of one's costume. It is because they are so very i portant that most people buv Penman*, for in so doing they know they sre receiving maximum value in every way
There is a line made by Penmans specially for you.
t
i
\

THFT.Pf AT BRIGHT WAY
i
;
going to bed
II
I
I
!
he asked casually
Adrien started a# the question, a- !
amilotllllHIIIHHPHlllllHIIIII
“Not I," he said, “I leave that to ihady creature,1 he often assjred his Jasper—I call him my walking account friends; “a man to worry my tie, and book. I’m sorry you fellows were let force me bo buy a new coat, because he in though. I cant understand it; al- desires my old one, would drive me though”—with a rueful laugh—“I sup- mad.” poee it was my fault with that tenner.
Yet, I i^usS may, I noticed the man as ho galloped past, and saw no signs of anything wrong."
“Nor I," out in VanqpnL in the weighing-room, and saw him
He was all right then.
He always was white and seed y-look ing. I saw no thing wrong.”
“Nor 1,” echoed the others.
Adrien lit another cigar, and the light fall full on his grave face.
“Th# iHeeeieeee*
-
I V
I am a simple-minded, rough and-
Paaaiaai Limited
r

So he undressed himself slowly, reckoning up his gains, smiling at hie mask of a face in the large mirror, and hatching his little plots with every knot he* untied, every button he re-
At last he got into bed, and slept as easily as serenely as any simple-minded fanner.
SHOE POLISHES
BLACK-WHITE-TAN -104
KEEPYOy&SHOK^EAT
?
leased
He
scaled
was all right then
Thoroughly dry the peel of an orange or a lemon, and place it in the
tea caddy#N^0g^0#0g|ggN

It will greatly improve
art heavy all round;
###PAGE###8###

4
/
HAY WANTED
Shop Here For
v
The Sliawville Bool awl Shoe Store

Wedding Gifts.
I am prepared to buy any quantity of good, well-saved Pressed Hay, delivered at Shawville, or other convenient points on rail-
Highest market price paid.

WIh'ii you get a n invitation ton wedding ami you nre undecided ns to what form the gift will take, please feel free to eome Into this store to look around ; it will help you to make up your mind as well as to give you some idea of the amount of money you wish to spend.
In Table Silver you will find here a wonderfully complete line of (lift Things* that are particularly useful and not expensive. If it is * I Hated Wares you decide upon, W. Rogers will give almost the same service as Sterling.*
We will assist you in any way we can, and not urge that you should make a purchase. We feel that this is a matter you ran decide for yourself.
PHONE 54.
It is not a matter of PRICE with us, but rather we try to stock QUALITY, and sell SATISFACTION.
way.
G. A. HOWARD
As most people know that on account of the recent great advances in the prices of shoes, that they must pay a fair price to get quality and satisfaction.
P. S —War Horses and Cattle wanted.
THE MARKETS.
CLEAN UP SALE.
SHA WVIILE
The following article# will he «old at a s,u i iiire in order to clean up :
1 Doherty Piano- new ; also two new Single Buggies and one Express. Primrose Cream Separator -new.
H. SHADED
Flour perharrel $0.50 Wheat, pci bushel, fl.OU to 1.40. Oats, per bushel. 55c.
I leans per bushel, f-1.50.
Butter tubs, print «and rolls X2c Potatoes per bag. 1.50c.
Egg* per dozen :t5c*.
Wool, washed, 4He.
Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 1.00 t o 1.50 each llovse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 1.00 to 1.25 Veal Skins, each 00c
?
«•
The Shawville Jewelery Store.
But despite the advances we are still selling good shoes at reasonable prices, but our advice is BUY NOW as they are bound to go higher.
(î. A. HOWARD.
LIVE POULTRY WANTED.
Üü

Now is tin* turn* to disjKise of
OLD HENS before tin*
stock conics on the market.
! price drops. The 8lmw-
\ Hie Egg tcircle L In ;i
handle Live Fowl on each \\ eek.
living us your fowl and we will try and give von satisfaction.
\V. K. N. HOI Hi INS.
youi youngs mid t lie
Get Acquainted with the
iposition to Tuesday of
. . . COME IN . . . and let us talk it over with you.
'

Victrola
The following ii re last Sat u relays quot | at ion* :
Bat ter. I n print* 87c t o 10c Butter in pail *40 to 45c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 40 to 45c Potatoes per hag. $1.(10 Pork per 100 lb* $11.50 to 15.CO Beef, per 100 lbs, $10 to $11 Oats per bushel 00c Ha v per ton 10.00 to 13.00 Chickens, per lb.. 22c.
Fowls,
CÎ eese.
Turkeys,
FOR SALE

P. E. SMILEY.
Two Village Lots situate on Main Street, Shaw ville, opposite the Meth dist Church.
Farm Property of 53 acres, situate north of Shaw ville Cemetery 35 acres in hay, IS acres good hush fenced with wire. A good well dug ami also a frame burn erected in 1915. _
R. W. HODUINS.
Shaw ville. Que.
O
Do you know what splendid music this wonderful instrument brings into your home ?...........................
Do you know that there are Victrolas from $21 to $305, and that we’ll arrange terms to suit you.
Corqe in and find out all about the Victrola,
favorite music for you.
All w, II
Local and District.
Acknowledgment
15c.
• «
Editor Eg pity___________________
ledge receipt of $50.00 from Mi» Beryl I » t\i<, treasurer of No. 1 School Section (iirl< Club (Clarendon ami Bristol); this to be used for eot in Canadian Convalescent Hospital and to be named The (ieorge Alfred Thomas Cot. in memory of the first Old School Hoy of No. l who has paid the “ supreme saeri-I five.’
N'x to avknow
Christmas is approaching. The most economic gift you can buy i< a photograph, made up into a nice folder. Various styles t<> choose from, and my special otter from now until further notice
Don’t delay 11 day
IV
".,T 2Vu.
NOTICE
OTTAWA
Winter Fair
HOWICK HALL, OTTAWA
January 16, 17, 18, 19,
Fourteen photos t<»r the dozen. . make an apjKuntment II. ImIson, Photo Artist.
I wish all who owe me would call at tny ortlce in Shaw ville and settle account#-immediately.
J. XV. ARMSTRONG, M. IX.
Montreal. Out
We ll gladly play your
VI'" ten dollars from the Austin II
The record of Halloween pinnks
which marked the recent cclcbrn-TM. Club, through Miss Elsie Maitland, tiou of that time-honoied festival towards fut hing t rot. iu this town, is one 4hat. we regret to say, reflects little credit upon the manliness of those who participated in making it. Tilings were done which not only far exceeded the limits of legitimate
sport, but were an outrage upon \	Miss Mabel Watt has gone
all penwe ol decency and honor, to the city for the winter.
Acts were perpetrated which were | Quite a number of accidents happened Si rayed on to my property about Oct. nothing short ot crimes, meriting : \V«1th mi revei tlv •	1st. a dark red hull with curly fare,
severe punishment, and if examples x ‘ . v	, ,, ,	Owner may have animal by identifying
have not been made of the guilty •	( ,<le,lt N"' 1	(/ of,thv ,ar,m rte* l>’°Pvrty and paying cost of advertising
ones it is due to the forbearance ’‘idences was burnt down during the ah- and other espense incurred.
>f those who have suffered ma- s('nc€ tbe	1,1 "pite of the SAMI EL HORNER. Caldwell, Qu<
terial damage and loss. Shame Ï neighW effort*, a number of liv>
were lost, but no soles.
Accident No. 2	1 fay wire L always
found convenient, even in town. What
Relatives here and in this^ neigh- j Mrs. J, Watt	u k with pa
borhood, received information by j ,vnt« reccutl.x wire on Thursday last, of the following soldiers having been wounded in a recent engagement on the Somme front : -
Pte Cyril L. Dale, (son of Mr.
R. A. Dale) wounded in the hand.
Pte Heman Lester, wounded in the foot. ( He man was wounded previously, and nearly lost the sight of one eye. He returned to the trenches about two weeks before ha met with his second mi— tainment, ask fortune.)
Pte John J. Howard, (son of Mr.
James Howard, of (been Lake) wound hi the right arm.
Mr. Howard has three sons wearing the colors, two of whom have seen active service, and have figured in the casualty lists.
Horses for Sale
Fifteen fine young Horse# for * exchange. Apply t
XX. A. Hoim.ins,
Trva*. lied I'm» Sot
RALLY B. HORNER, /CC
O

1. L. HUDGINS, Shaxvville, Q
$16,000 in Cash Prizes.
WM. SMITH, M. P.
President.
Columbus, Ont
WALTHAM
SHAWVILLE MUSIC STORE.
W. D. JACKSON
«
Secretary,
Bull Astray
Carp, Ont.

| '!> encourage talent is to create It— Leasing.
Ti#d.
“They sir bo's tied fo hi# wife’s
Berkshire Hoe, registered, No. t3i2?X rpron strings.”
: ei COfuron^i^Mwo. j	„lfe I, far too rich to wear
7th Line, Radford.	Purse strings Is tbc term. '
For Service.
Was it YOU
In the Casualty Lists
Term*
One of our young men paid an " in return visit to Ottawa, recently Willie ?
For Service
Eh
It 1* est!runt#>#1 that there nr© 170,000,-DUO real Degrees In the world.
That we saw going down Main St: with your shoulders all shrunk up—your hands deep down in your trouser pockets and your nose red and blue ? WAS IT ?
Régi «te reil Berkshire Boar for service., Fee
FOB SALE -Pure-hred Plymouth H >ik Boosters for «ale.
A .stirring evening on Monday la>t when a imnilxT of elderly ladies derided that there was to lx* a social and lull, whi« h came «df splendidly by a large attendance on Friday evening. And it y«mi would like t«« enquire who the kind Indie* were who arranged for this enter
An Eskimo Dinner.
UEO. E. PALMER,
Clarendon Front.
Admiral Peary was talking In Washington about the hardships of polar exploration.
“The white north Is the country of hardships." he said—"h:mlships that Berkshire Hog. Service lee $1 for one. nrc ll0rne cheerfully and gayly, lu the o, •1. 41 for two. ¦	*,.|rlt of ,hv K.sUmo woman.
"An Eskimo woman nt the dinner hour served out to her family half a candle apiece.
Light refreshments/ she said, smll-
* •—
For Service.
<>I K 1 .'LIT1V XL Ml MBKR>
FRED RICHARDSON.
H. B. No. 1. Shaw villa.
NOTICE
For Service
The annual meeting of the Clarendon Dairy Co, will lie held in the Factory H ill .«T i k- Corner# • m Satuiday, Nov. is, at ont
• • •
I* urn l»rod Berk "hi re hog for «err ice. lug." tf 1.00 for one sow. 50 for two.
J AS. Mc LABNDN,
4th Con. Clarendon.
You looked as if you had lost your last friend. If you want a bosom friend ; one that will give you warmth and cling to you
Tei ni"
lock, p. in.
T A. HARRIS,
Hie Mistake.
| A long standing creditor resolutely (limbed the steps, rang the bell and asked If Mr. Spender xvas nt borne.
"Yes, sir. Walk right in, sir," said
j the footman cordially. “Mr. Spender Is at home, sir."
1 "Thank goodness," said the creditor, •Tm going to see my money nt last."
I "Oh, don't make that mistake, sir,” said the footman. "If Mr. Spender bad
I I <
November Rod and Gun
Nvcrvrary
For Service
November Rod and Gun contain" i 1 i-t of good thing* foi theSportfl
Rudd
For	-I*rvice a pure (/lie-tit*
White. Fee $1*00.
%»
FOR SALE
nmn r • i --i Stevenson, tells of a narrow e-rape from a rack of pursuing wolves.
AhM»se Meat for Mi»i 1»n '¦¦¦ describes tin ml venture with a t<K> zealous informer. “Highways of the North pictures the beauties of some of livers and describes their method* of transportation. “Hunting Big Game in the Selkirks'* is a "torv of
billy •‘Hear
.Live*’’ is a tale of Northern (Quebec. “The Crevice in The Barn i« a story of the adventures of a weasel family. There are besides other stories and articles just a** interesting a* those mentioned, and in addition to the regular departments. The magazine is published by W. J. Taylor. Limited, Woodstock, Ont. and is a worthy ex|>onent of Canadian outdoor life
* #
JOHN SMILKV. Stark-* Corners.
Year old Shrophirc Ram. rty?.
Some Ram Lam bn.
1 Durham Bull Calf.
Apply to,
JOS. BROWNLEE.
R. R. No. 2, Shaw Til I«
Mine
TRY ONE OF OUR
New Overcoats
Escapes From German Prisons,
One of the three Canadian sol- my money be wouldn't be at home.” dlers* who are reported as having escaped from German war prisons Is
~ la well-known Torontonian and an-	^.t_ .______L
other son of a prominent eitlsen of	p e,n En0u8he
nort Arthur. It was a happy day	"How do you like America, count?”
Being S. h. half of lot	24, all lot	2V for Mrs.	Edward Edwards of 70	"Quite much, but your figures of
sth range, ( 'laremkm, comprising	330 Standish	avenue when she heard	speech arc somewhat hard to underacres more or lc"*. Tlii*	is known a* h , that her	husband, Lance-Corporal	stand. Now, when It dawns upon
. -h 1 _i i i I	100 acres Edwards, had thus secured his free
go<*l hardwood hu«h. Will lie sold en dom. "l cannot believe It until 1 bloc or separately to « lit. Terms, cheap hear from him, she said, hut 1 do
Apply to I A. hu.ix Hwwyilk formerly in the Gordon Highlanders,
Qm „ or h. s. E4I.es owner, Lrnlold. j waR through the South African war tiask	land was employed by the Consumers’
Gas Co.
A special despatch from Port Ar
Private Gerry Burke,
our ino-t northern
FARM FOR SALE
goats and be ir in B. C. Hunting Where Old Louis
We recommend them for fit, for quality and for correct style.
Your Coat is here
So is your Price.
I you ’—
| "You begin to see daylight,” explained the other man.
She Couldn't Understand.
Mamie-Why did you leave your last piece?
Katie—The master and missus was forever quarreling behind-locked doors. "But wasn't there a keyhole.?”
"Yes. but they always quareled In French.” -
(
FARM FOR SALE
tbur says
whom the Canadian Pay and Record
1 luO-arrc «lay farm, «utuated mi I Office reports as having escaped grati I road. 3 mile* from IU*a< lil»urg ! from a German prison camp to Hoi-station! All chared ; first-class build ;,a°d mD<* then gone to England, is
i FHFFEF i EHHHH
aorr- |4owed. Daily mail an.l	Qrrnuny- Hl.	mother is in Kngla.d,
in house. Mill sell	with or without	mi	having gone a	year ago to be with
piemen ts. Owner buying larger farm . her daughter, Mrs. Simons, whose and will sell at rest enable price.	husband Is a civilian prisoner In
THOS. A.	RflSS,	Berlin. Burke	was at St Andrew's
H R. No.	t, Westmeath, Ont.	College, Toronto, in ISO* and lt07.
Articles for Sale
<
I' N
The following article.* are offered for
Post Office Equipment, consisting of f*o lock boxes and 150 call U»xes. Mill tie sold in section* if desired.
1 Taylor Safe— medium size - in good
I small Quaker Heater with pipe*. Apply at the Post Office Shawville
ROBT. HOBBS.
Come quick before you catch that cold.
Repartes.
"My mother always told me that In taking you I was marrying beneath
"Beneath y oar rtatlon, eh? That wasn't a station your family bad; It warn Just a water tank."—Detroit Free
ARCHIE DOVER
