###PAGE###1###
y
O
No. 11, 34th Veau
S HA W VILLE, PONTIAC COUNI Y, QUE
THURSDAY, AUG. 31, 1U1U
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE

T

3 Bank of Ottawa
Ttje Merchants Canl\ of Carçada
• f
—î=——
STORE]

THE HARDWARE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : » Ottawa, Canada,
8 4,000.000 4,006,304 66,000.000
Ettabllkhed 1864
OFFICERS 2
Sip. II. Montagu Allan . .. K. W. Blackwell .......E. F. Uk«den
I
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over -
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
CROCKERY
V.
Paid up Capital.....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets........................
209 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of Ouc Dollar and upward* draw* Interest at best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
Manager. Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
$7,000,000
7,250,984
80,190,400
I

Board of Dlrjctors t
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, ALEXANDER MACLARBN, RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. FERLE Y
E. C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
Just opened up one assorted crate of Aleak in's Best White Julmstone China and Gilt Clover Leaf Pattern. All first quality goods, consisting of Teas, Plates, Howls, Jug Dishes, Platters, Covered Vcg. Dishes, etc.
Vice-President
Hr bin*, Sauce
I). M. FINNIE, Aset-General Manager W. DUTHI8, Chief Inspector.
STONEWARE
W. F. DRUM A. A* REID
Fort Coulonge Branch • J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER, Manager. Portage da Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
Churns
Butter Crocks
Flower Pots
HENRY’S
!< Canada’s Best ”
Nickle Jars
Kodaks l have a nice assortment on hand at all time*. Fresh films and supplie*, Finishing for amateur* a special try. H. Imison.
In our personal column last week mention was omitted of visit of Mrs. Peter Wilson and sou, of Cob-den, to relatives in this section.
An umbrella, found by Mr. Austin McDowell near Hudgins Bros’ mill, N. Clarendon, about two weeks ago, awaits the owner at this office.
Mr. R. W. Hudgins has been appointed to replace Dr. Armstrong on the Shawville School Ward, the the latter having resigned in eon-sequence of his removal to Montreal.

WANTED.—I want to have my silo filled. Quote price.
Vinegar Jars.
COWLING
H. N. Axstis*,
8|>ark.s St„ Ottawa
Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA,ONT
Ml
O. I). Sullivan made two shipments of line cattle last week— the best that have gone from here for some time.
Correct prices, quick service, a square deal.
Our instruction being individual you may «tart at any time.
We are HEADQUARTERS . Typewriting, Penmanship PHEnglUh, Correspondente, PH lion. Paragraphing. Transcription, and Office Work.
Since January. 1913, more than 365 student* from other local colleges have joined our classes.
Students are assisted to position*. More than 115 were placed during the past year—most of them In the Govern ment. Send for circular.
Has proved Itself to he Canada's Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl ngs Advocate.
for Short . Spell unctua
hand
ing
J. H. SHAW.
Births
At Shawville on Saturday, Aug 26th, to Mr. and Mrs. XV. Sereney a son.
At Yarn on August 11th, to Mr and Mrs. Geo. T. Judd, a son.
st
XV, E.Gowlixu, H.G. XV. Uraithwait President
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
W. A. HODGINS
Principal
Personal
A lawn social will be held at the
u n < 1 *, ay even-Tea from « to 8 . Admission 25
¦Bum*»
cost of 835,000.	eastern farm, tor a private residence in
that City.
Mi*» Annie Mather, of Ottawa, who has been visiting Mis* Lillie Steele, returned on Saturday.
Mrs. John A. Dale, and daughter,
Mr*. Arthur Dale, of Ottawa, are
The editor’» thank* «re due the visiting relatives in town.	xv
secretary of the Quebec Prov. Mr. Archie Dover, was in Egan-	"oou,f!L1 . j
Exposition (Aug. '«-Sept. 2)	for	ville last week	visiting	his	father,	n°" Wednesday, August 16th. at
complimentary tickets for	the	Mr. H. Dover.	Quyon Parsonage by the Rev. J. I.OST-Two co»t sweater», hrtw„n W
gss::::; ikm
Thursday, Sept. 14th. Intending * te Salis ley Dale, ot the 207th | Pilkinoton -Elliott exhibitors will obviate trouble and Hat talion was in town over Sun-j At Yarm on Aug 23, at 10 a. in., delay by keeping this in mind. <m£*	w	by the Rev. John Hurst, Mr. Janie*
rpt h f x . u	b * /m i ,rH# D-Unn, Mr*. H. T. Argue Pilkington, youngest son of the
« ni }?\u ufnem*kJ,,*| C1,u.k and «on Atthur, left for Toronto lute Win. H. Pilkington, of Mon-r vliunv1	f	011 Tuesday.	treal, was united in the holy bonds
flowers. Please bring lead iwncils.	Burnham Hall,	Norway	Bay, were	,,}• Haileybuiy while Mr Bally K*
John Strutt, Yarm Almond other relatives at Rryson. the bridesmaid, a gold bracelet!__________________
Hudgins, Vain. : Dawson Arm- Mrs. W. E. Maitland returned set iu pearls ; to the groomsman. ,
se3!Jf«3i.'Æü. EK: asriSWAssawf.- - :."ad Æ != SrSSS
ville ; Hemaii Elliott, Percy Bel- Mrs. T. E. Hodguis and children, * ,M,l,h left by nftt moon tinui loi manufacture Pipe* in thelrown locslltie*. slier. Hairy Belsher, Yarm ; Frank of Ottawa, returned home Thurs- Montreal °R their wedding tour, H.T McDowell & Son, Shawville Que Blackwell, James Pilkington, day from a visit to Yarm relatives.	which they reside at
....
Kl:”1 ®" """ " .......... ..........Prie»	! ,mT
K2*ofWj'........
......,,	b&t&ëP'™
brilliantly lighted hr electricity. This nt her former home-Carsouby, yf' father» arm to the strain* of Word wa* received last week function in intended ; particularly for the Out.	Mendelsohn * wending march play- from Pte Frank Armstrong, of the
enjoyment of the young people of the Prinoinal Stonier MnMiillan nf ^ Miw Maud Smart, looking Mb Field Ambulance, C. K. F . in surrounding district, all of whom who tlie irmlcmv Itaff iVtmnml to olVV’mil,1.Ÿ 111 her ;v<><V,lu«: »owll! ot Entice that the parcel of "com-
EHBm *SEi
n u \r ,,	,,	, , ing the groom » gift a i*nrl ere#- August 6th. Other soldier lad*
,,kemmn )latt XX allace of the cent. Just a wee tlower girl, fn„n this section, received their Fire n ear Elmsidk-Mv. XX. D. t P R , Mrs. XX allace and child- Marion XVeleli. niece of the bride, \ (mreels about the same date, and Campbell, mayor of Bristol, whore ' eu. spent a day or two in town | attended, looking so sweet all in owing to the long delay in reach-farm $* within convenient reach of hist week, the gue*t* of Matt's i white, carrying an old fashioned ing destination, some article* of Norway Buy, Miffeivd the loss by *i*ter, Mr#. J. L. Hodgius.	po*ey of pink sweet pea*, and on footl, intended for Xmas delicacies
fire on Friday evening, of a fine Sergts. C\ E. and A. L. Shaw, ar- her finger the groom • favor. The were spoiled, and u*ele barn and other outbuildings, with rived from X'alcai tier Camp on ! organist received an amethyst, promptly from Canada, it h this sea*ons heavy hay crop, Friday evening. The boys have solid bar pin.	strange that these supplie* for the
several hogs and some |x>ultry, recently been transferred from the After the ceremony over 75 n Idler# should take so long in besides other farm accessories. l.HUh Battalion to the 73rd Battery guests sat down to a most excellent getting to the parties for whom Fortunately there wa* very little which Is training at Kingston, for supper, in the bride's home. A they were intended. The maze* I wind, or In* duelling house would which place the first named left on vacant chair draped with Hag* in mid iutiimcie# of ml tapvi*m in alto have become a prey to the Tuesday.	honor of the brother, away fight- the Old Country must indeed !>•*
iT.nddX’iïïb.s™"^'^;, Th. ,Br. i. a!c,.bridr.	•
the flumes enveloped the building.	r *	V,e ***i\ n e* nt Lenpe on *uch a happy occasion.
How it started is not known, but ‘	\11	,,r,v, .ÎÎV S||,11'*y? «till realizing if it were not for the
it is thought that a spark from a 1 Hev. Mr. 1 lullips vim ted brothers many terrible events may passing frieght train on the Diorne mnl Leslie.	have been our lot.
v. N. II. may have been carried to Mis* Edna Young, eldest da ugh- Beautiful gift* were received the barn and after smouldering ter of Mr. Ben Young, formerly of among which weie several check* for a while suddenly burst out in 1 Shawville, and now of Vancouver, testifying to the high esteem both Tursd flame. Mr. Campbell wa* a away j* visiting relative* in the East at partie* were held, at the time, and did not know the present, arriving in Sh-iw'ville a The happy couple left on tin f fire was at hi* place until lie near- few day* ago from Ottawa. Like morning train for Ottawa and | die 1 Vinci| ed home. Although lie carried In- her dad. Mi*e Young enjoys a joke, point* east, the bride travelling in sura nee. Mr. Cam pbel I 1* withal a and could not resist the tempta- Copenhagen blue chiffon taffeta, pretty heavy loser, hi being eu- lion of putting one over on the and hat to match. On their n gaged particularly In dairying, editor, when he failed to recognize turn they will take up i with a big list of cue turners at in her the littk tot who left here at Stark* Corners w here the entile Norway Bav, the lot* at this time some year* ag<\ to develop bit) community will welcome them to js a serious back set to his business, • maturity on the Pacific Coast, 1 their hearts and home».—Com.
Methodist parsonage g Portage du Fort, on Tiiesdf ing, Sept- 1th. p. m. Program and 15 cents.
SHAWVILLE
Married
FOR SALE—International Hay Pres* on easy term*. Apply to. Harry Wil sox, R. R, No. 3, Shawville.
Men’s Wear
We have a splendid range of
Overalls and Work Shirts for Fall....................
\X AN FED—Good, strong, willing ho to work around the store. Apply G. Holm.ins Co.	¦	-
;

HOY \VANTEI)-Good. smart y chap, to serve ns apprentice, nt Sl.„ ville Motor Co*#, Garaoe. Apply at office at once.
oung
HAW-
I OR SALE—Mofjdy two horse trninper and separator for said, or will exchange for stock. Also for sale Seed Fall Wheat price $1.25 per R. R. No. 3, Shawville
We strongly advise our customers to anticipate their wants, as we are advised that prices have not yet reached the top.
hushel. John Wu kens
to
or at Vata-
II
Peabody’s, Iron Duke Woods’,
$1.75
Dance at Burnham Hall
Labor Day.
1.25
Mi
!
1.25
Work Shirts, 50c., 75c,, $1.
Men’s Suspenders at old prices.
IV|edium weight Underwear,
Natural Wool. ‘Admiral’
50c.
Shipped
i
$1.00
J
«
7

Good stock of Men’s Felt Hats
5
¦ - $1.50 to $2.50
Academy Opening
25 and 50c.
Work Cloves and Mitts
iemy will r
\
s
I-
X\ ill ; wren* a
1 t
W. A. HODGINS
other than tho*e wh'
¦HHHkMhrj

I

all |
I

i

!"
PRINCIPAL McMVLLAN
ê
###PAGE###2###
1
STRANGE SEIZURES
BY SHERIFFS 11


* ~T




«

l


i

r,
1
fl
îu.
! TRAINS CHAINF1) TO THE RAILS WORKHOUSES “11EI.0 UP."


R

V

i
g
V J

F



t
r*
i
Ml
i
inflated is more likely to attack
sharp object than a casing which is In very hot, as well as in extremely rfcctiy rouna under top load.
•old weather, the radiator should be	Ncver go on R tr;p without carrying
given constant attention. Heavy	# reliflhle air-pressure gauge and do
trips on the road during these warm,	j	t > make constant use of it.	! Sheriff's	officers	in this country oc-
kumid days freq.ienMy Ixul the water	y' ^ n kick or rock or examine the	casionolly	make	strange	seizures, as
Used for the cooling of the engine. point 0f* contact» in connection with	evidenced by their once taking posses-
Never start away on atrip unless you	but thjs sy,tvm will not give an	% railway-engine at Preston.
*1 '*r™',	2	: ,t » an ^ trttz&'Z&ri
elonf until the water le steenimg, yoti jsh	lf you discover n liv re cut, rush	„f police, the ehrrlfT stopped a pas-	BUSINESS.	hid	a fee	as	$1,000!
.houM make sure to seek the first ^ te , vulcanising p’nnt end „engcr am| two frcight trains, and	___ ____________________________4-------
chance for a stop and afPer removing haw „ attenJed to without delay. A placed them under arrest. He chain-	TOO MUCH FOR "JIM" HILL.
the radiator cap, allow the steam to «8an(| boil" |9 easily recognisable as a ed the locomotive to the rails, and Expenses Run Into the Million*—All	-
escape. Do not immediately pour in	caused by dirt or sand forcing	intimated that no traffic would be al-	.	....	.	How	the	Section	Boss “Got By" the
cold wateras the reaction Is not good itiewa, between the rubber tread snd lowed to pass until his demand had	t on tribu lions Are	Railway Magnate.
ill lllli 1B| #5 !^HS~
ter up frequently or otherwise you ,rft thp inst|tution to call for B pa-	lions, but the exact figure Is never	{*fJ h* fmllld the t(>p of the desk
holidays you decide to lay up your car, am1 ^orse, driver, and all were con-	great parties once spent five million	force to the rule about locked desks,	(1,t|ona	The	proportion of ml trail.'
do not fail to remove t*he t ics. Tn^y veyCj	local pound.	dollars, and that is probably not far	and that desk remained on exhibition	automatic	guns has been
should also be washed with soap and TWe It was detained until an	of-	off the average. At the 1000 elections	as a mute object lesson.	very largely Increased, and our horse-
water, and later on wrapped in strips fi(.lnl from the workhouse arrived	on	'ho Republicans were credited with	He watched 'he Oreat Northern	men ,re t0-(1ay brok(,n to the use „(
of paper or cloth. A dark, cool place thl, ,cene and by payment of $50 re- having disbursed the huge sum of "	hlnTwho .llowed ^ese weapons, from which they and
Is proper storage. Figure that by re-	the ambulance, horse, and $16,105,000; that may be regarded as	(Q ^ rnund bjs r|ght 0f WRy] or drawing additional strength and con/
versing the positions you can prolong driver. For this amount a decree had	the high-water mark of electioneer-	l0 th0 station master who showed rare-	dence'
the lives of your carriers. It is also been obtained in the local court, but	in# extravagance.	y	lessness about h!s etatlon. Once, In
well to change the front and rear the unprecedented seizure amazed the	«	Huetler	making an Inspection, Mr. Hill found |( \n tD the action of cavalry that
tires as the last named carry more whole town.	'	'a perfectly good railway spike lying General de Lacroix attribut** the
chan half the weight, of the car, an 1 Hut even that performance was The only source of revenue are the by the aide ol the track tie sought targe number of prisoners captured on consequents do the bulk of the hard eclipsed on one occasion at Kenmure,	voluntary contributions from persona	out the section boas with fire In bis	the Russian front He thinks it con»
sunlight* has an injurious effect on Belfast firm of seed merchants.	\	Sixteen years ago Mr. Hanna—	fouud (hat spike! I've been looking	of (he service the pursuit of the Tou-*
»,t.';: . A	Am.T.	T-ca
This not having been satisfied, the who had property or who represented the expected blowing up, and that limited. At such times the attacking
sheriff’s men entered into possession property must pay to have Mr. Bryan j even the "old man" had to smile. Infantry, exhausted by the effort It has
of the workhouse and the premises beaten, Just as they would pay to save	*	r	made, must call upon fresh troops,
thereunto belonging. There they re- the nation from plague or war, or BO^ 8 FARMS IN ITALY. necessarily remote from the positions
..	,	. , ,	mained until the matter was arrang- their city from pillage or continua-	~~ ,	^	Wonj.	cannot b« thrust for
wore small, each occupied by only ^ fhe townspeople meanwhile bei* lion.	Government Provides for Future Till- ward without being supported by other
;£3: £ià\,F£'E v, “ST’*™, 7 ^	ZZT1..... :°E,E£E„£r£Ev5.'E
‘	.	v oVimild ^ chapel has shared the same fate, lists of what this corporation and 0f providing for the future cultiva- they are, on the other hand, much
cno, .° mat me anno..pnui	Sometime ago the warrant officer of that, and firms, and banks, and rail- tjon 0f Italy's soil, and for the era- slower to be moved to new positions
not become poisoned >y the chem cn	thf< Wandsworth County Court was roads should pay, and sent men	round	payment of the orphans of farmer- When the foe is out of range.
The Safety-Gig.	called on to take possession of such a to gather in the cheques. In a	great	soldiers killed in war, are being es-
=rss'5*=£
1 ¦{”"........... - tu-	EE
,, ,	»	invented hv one	were 80^ auction in due Hanna made “no bones' about his tural Mutual Insurance. No fewer his heels and to Increase the deprea-
'1 ,V ‘lti* * * V ,i * , rv i-	course. Included were the pews, methods; but while he spent money that twelve such colonies are now slon of hi* spirit and the disorganize-
Î»	It ,1,11 ,ntn	Preacher’* platform, Bibles, lavishly, he did It with good judg- being founded.	«°n ot hle "<10ipmenL A retreating
r . rtion nil the uroceles performed	who ,e,zed n balloon The owner was other million for printing, for	that	districts where the farms are main- tending with the enthusiasm	of	vie
in	... rL.hm < wniild Invnlvs» on-	mu(*h chagrined at this action, for he wae the greatest educational	cam-	tminad.	tory it knows that is hopelessly	lost
. .. V , ‘ '	, was relying on the balloon to lift him paign on record. The postage bill of The plan is to keep the boys on and that It cannot escape disaster.”
% %%king dnwn''tnd :%iniC	^	^eriir. offi- tPhfcgRepub.ic,n Committee that year the f.I* until 21 year, of age. They. ¦
an old official, it was the pretlomin- f	. t f \uv\o cers and court ha’,lffs- As the bal« was close to $400,000.	will be taught cattle raising, breed-
? =.*5 r-K. s Eiæ i ErHFZHB — " - - — œjrsttsr-rjst
young and girlish most of them, m minate of merrury, and four and a clalm' their khaki or dark blue overalls, with ha„ ing of iatol powder, can fire faces smiling and merry, looking up e ^ of tivall	size.
at you from under the quamt mob caps.
“This is the factory that turns out ths best fuses and has the most rapid output m the country," said the officer in charge of our party as we entered the shop. “And it is because the workers are so well looked after.
We have been running six months and we have not yet had a single fuse or anything turned out in the factory rejected.
“We employ fifteen hundred women to-day, and when extensions are complet! we arc going to have twelve thousand
* To Satisfy Judgments of the Courts
Some Strange Means Are Adopted

Care of the Tires.
>
i
V


im
'¦ i

mm


.
s

«Myr
F


i-


CONTAINS NO ALUM - MADE IN CANADA
TIME FOR USE OF MOUNTED TROOPS

1

FRENCH HORSEMEN ON WESTERN FRONT.
General de Lacroix Pointe the Adven-I
tagea of Employing Cavalryi
drain cock
2
been taken to provide for the une French cavalnr on the western fron The unite of root soldiers destined __ serve as support for our troops on! horseback have been reinforced, brought up to full strength and power
using soiled or dirty water, but those who have the best» interests of their motor at heart, will use clean, soft water on every possible occasion. About once or twice a year it is well to run a saturated solution of common soda through the radiator. Such a compound will remove all scale and sediment
After this operation, rinse out the radiator carefully with clean water before filling it again for atrip.
brings
amount of annoyance through tire
Of course you will realize that punctures cannot be prevented.
Soon r or later you will have one. and it is just possible that it may occur at a pomt* on the roa i where the sun is blazing overt me and the dust flying in clouds
in mind, yo.i will welcome a suggestion or two regarding tire mainten-You will lessen the liability of y by keeping plenty of air in
A tire that is not heavily er's Advocate
Capture Prisoners.
Summertime
a certain
troubles
With stieh a puncture
fince. acvidc
your tub*
expense incurred.—“Auto”, in Farm
MUNITION WOMEN
OF ENGLAND
Put Finishing Touch
SHOPS WHERE SCARCELY A MAN IS TO BE SEEN.
in Charge to Prevent Accidents.
A lady representative of the Press Association writes:	Somewhere in
the centre of England, where last summer there were poppies in the fields of ripening corn, stands “The Women’s Fact ry." I rail it this because when I visited it the other day by permission of the Ministry of Munitions and under the guidance of
Imitate Russian Tactics
To the objection that the nature of the ground In France differs from that
1.1	a 4U ,n	being more broken and oP
In the first Bryan campaign the ern agricultural machinery of the f^lng |e9e facility for cavalry raids
American type.	ihan the Galician plains, General dm
After the age of 21, it is planned Lacroix replies that the network of
Democrats had about $1,750,000, or
=###wmmm
Green. A bailiff was summoned for mine-owner gave $60,000, and another	_+_ power of gun fire to that of cold steel
A standard of high efficiency both	detaining a walking-stick under the	half as	much.	AupRifiVc	WITH THF mi ORS	These aids, he says, are becoming
in speed and accuracy is maintained	following circumstances: For several	That	year the	Democrats	appealed	AWLnRA‘ ’	more and more important hi such
smsz mam -«she :mm&
were turning out 4,000 a day.	An-	by climbing out through an upper ly by the stream of	dollar, half-dollar	war is deeper and more mtimate than	-ought to aid with their offensive along
other girl, whose work required	the	window and laughing defiance at the »nd quarter-dollar	offerings that	many people realize. Their contri-	th* principal rouies of approach, break
utmost care, for the dropping of a	baffled officer. It was during one	poured	In from	the	admirers	of	butions to war charities have been	down obstacles and attack rearguards
grain or two of the chemical would	iUCh incident that the stick was cap-	Bryan.	lavish. Up	to the present the	at close quarters, while cavalry squad-
mean a dangerous explosion, said	she	tured. on hearing which the masia- ! Take the election	of Dr. Woodrow	amount subscribed exceeds fifty mil-	( rons, turning around impediments In
filled as a regular /thing between	fif-	trates dismissed the case.	! Wilson as the latest	example of the	iion dollars, of which by far the larg-	order to reach the vital parts of the
teen and sixteen hundred detonators a deputy sheriff at Fall River, enormous labor and expense entailed share has gone to Belgium, Pol-	W(W,<1 dash Into the midst of
a day, while a third, whose work was Mass., amongst the goods and chat- upon* the Democrat Party. The dif- &nd, Armenia and the Allies. Splen- I ir2»e	***"' 68118 ng d *
to measure the length of powder pel- tej8 Qf an undertaker, took possession ferent bureaux necessary for carry- a# ag this is it by no means com- 1	pe c
lets, claimed fifteen hundred a day as 0f a coffin containing the remains of mg on the strenuous election work p^tes the debt, of the Allies to Amer Fuse making and filling^ is the her average output.	t	j a baby entrusted to the undertaker included finance, organization, pub- %.* Four thousand Americans are
chief branch of munition work here,	-	.... . TNT	for internment.	Ucity, special, foreign, negro, labor, fluting or training with the Canad-
and the women are engaged in all the,	weramg	...	^ day8 had elapsed when the mo- and tariff exhibits, and business men’s ian8f and io.ooo are with ths French
processes of filling the 100 “graze” One interesting process to watch ther succeeded in tracing the coffin leagues, with various sub-divisions of Army, in addition to many hundreds fuse, and in many of those for mak-, was the making of the tetriol (T.N. to an auction ^le room. After the each.	of doctor», nurses and hospital a*-
ing the 18 “time ' fuse._ Presumably T.) powder into pellets. One girl internment she commenced proceed- The expenses were mot by the con- 8iRtanU who are doing heroic work because women excel in branches of carefully wipes and polishes the ¦ againFt the deputy-sheriff to re- tribution of $1,100.000 by over 100.000 under the Red Cross. The figures
work that require great accuracy mould, a second measures the powder t,0<,er jjO.OOO for illegal seizure. I persons; while 26,000,000 pamphlet" were quoted by Mr. James M. Beck, faction is engagement—Paley.
and delicate deftness of touch, the and pours it In, and the third, the girl	--+- were issued from the New York former Assistant Attorney-General ' We have now become almost hard-
filling of the fuses and the making of on the press, completes the process.	Conditions! Forgiveness	headquarters alone—1,202,000 in Ital- 0f the United States, at a luncheon *n*d to grief by constant deeds of
the detonators has been left in their All the workers engaged in handling	ian, 1,700,000	in German, 40,000 in	^ven in hig honor by the Pilgrims’	horror.—Lord Rosebery. »
hands entirely. This work entails; explosives wear masks and shields	Harry and James, bro.hers, were in	Greek, 56,000	in Spanish, and 462,000	g^j^y in London recently. Mr	Life is not service. Life is	struggle handling of high explosives, for the eyes, and their hands and	their p aycoom for a little rccreakon	jn Hebrew.	Buttons bearing por-	Beck wrote one of the most daaag	ffle alone, struggle together.	Life	is
though if one had not to leave all faces are stained with yellow, but	after supper. Harry hit James, and	traita of Dr.	Wilson were distributed	jng indictments 0f Germany yet pub-	war.—Dr. John H. Finley,
handbag; and umbrellas outside these not to a marked extent, owing to the n 'he midst of the quarrel the rjrse to the number of 6,378,960, at a cost	»The Evidence in Ac Case" We shall fight, and fight, and fight
•hops and slip on goloshes, one would precautions taken.	happened in with the news that it *f $7,890.	j	j In appreciation of his services many '«til we have established that truth
hardly realize tL The girls handle “We are going to try and adapt the was time for them to	$1.000 for s Speech.	eminent people including Viscount is right, and that» great nations have
withovt a trace of nervousness the ga8 helmet used in the trenches for was put to bed first. The nurse	I Bryce, Lord Robert-Cecil, Sir Arthur *ot to deal Justly with nations less
HrssJrSs-3:T.WflML!àR35SM3»asMsaisstt» ....................................................................................... -—'
smoothness of movement that showed	,	the night.	telegrams were sent out and as many
how each one realized the vital im-	18 to° }, / ? th,nk,	After a few minutes elapsed James received by eleven telegraph opera-	Mnd.m 1W#
porta nr f of the full concentration of his U,k 18 apt to 8°und foolieh	replied:	tors employed at headquarters. About	A	Teet-
every sense upon the operation in Polish is not necessary to enable a “Well, I’ll forgive him to-night, but 1,600 lithographs of Dr. Wilson and	“Are they influentialT"
hand The shops I saw where these msn #o shine m society—if h- has if I don’t die he’d better look out in his running mate were also distribut-	“Hardly Their automobile is
pertnnt processes were carried on (be coin.	A? morning.”	j ed The pay roll of the New York f year’s model.’
All About a Stick
The Output is Very High
In taie Danger Zone
GRAINS OF GOLD
?

A man can’t be too careful in the choice of his enemi
Wilde.
The great principle of human satis-

We are afraid of responsibility, afraid of what people will say of ua, afraid of being alone in doing right; in short. Christian courage, as it may
attended the luncheon
be called—Is in all age# and among
la#
all people one of the rarest posses-
sions.—Sir Arthur Helps.

###PAGE###3###
1
I KAMLOOPS AND IRRIGATION
AN ANXIOUS TIME FOR ALL PARENTS
! ARE CLEAN
NO STICKINESS
Your “Get-Away”
Power in Summer is low. Summer brings mental and physical lassitude, spirit is languid, the liver is Nature is trying to unload the toxins that come
•A
•I	» * fc " vr> ¦ yt v w-
BRIGGS'
FLY MAIS
PRICt:
WEAK
rgETCoSr
m
The Leading inland City of British
Columbia.
ALL DEALE 13
G.C.Brizzs & Sons
HAMILTON

The Western Canada irrigation Association held its Tenth Annual Convention at the City of Kamloops the In t week in July. The picturesque lazy, little city takes its name from the Indian equivalent “Meeting of the
Waters," where the sun shines êvery from heavy foods and lack
.lay and good fellowship health and of outdoor exercise. Help happiness radiate from all, and opens
wide in hospitality its doors to you.
Away Lack over a hundred years ago the North West Fur Trading Co., with keen appreciation of the advantages of the location, established a
povt on the present rite of Kamloops w;t«a f^esh fruits and green —the junction of the now called	, . .
North and South Thompson Rivers. Vegetables. Cut Ollt X
Its excellent water communications; and potatoes — eat t he SC
its central position in a wide open <jelid0US, nourishing little
s : ST*.	loaves of baked whole wheat
traetod Indians and traders from all and be COOl, Contented and
happy. For breakfast with milk or cream; for luncheon with berries or other fruits.
The
V

5S>

• "r5&-

Children Often Seem to Pine Away and Ordinary Medicine Does Not Help Them.
s

s


THE SITUATION IN GERMANY.
*

rou
By Chas M. Bice, Denver, Colorado.
The health of children between the ages of twelve and eighteen years, particularly in the case of girls, is a source of serious worry to nearly every mother. The growth and development takes so much of their strength that in many eases they actually seem to be going into a decline. The appetite is fickle, bright-1 ness gives way to depression, there are headaches, fits of dizziness, palpitation of the heart at the least exertion, and sometimes fainting. The blood has become thin and watery and
the sufferer must have something that	|	H
will bring back the blood to its normal j To Marry Chamberlain's Widow condition. At this stage no other medi cine can equal Dr Pills. Their whole mission is to make I new, rich blood, which reaches every nart of the body, bringing back health, strength and energy. Miss Helena Taylor, West Toronto, soys:
“Two years ago I was so badly run down with anaemia that some of my friends did not believe I would get
I could not go upstairs with-| dtcott. Secretary of War In Pro si
dent Cleveland's first Administra
t €
Much depends upon the outcome of the “great drive" now in progress on the various war fronts, not only as concerns the German military force, but in tho political affairs of Germany.
It is difficult for any people at war to cope with politics and the ambitions of the diplomatic force, and we find that Germany is now divided in her foreign policies.
If reports are true that escape the German censors, there is formed in that country an alliance between Liberals, Socialists and Catholics for the first time in history. These are supporting Chancellor Hollweg in his opposition to the submarine naval policy, formerly pursued by Admiral von Tirpitz, backed by Conservative-Agrarian element which demands that aggressive submarine warfare to be Germany's only hope to win. Of course, this policy would annul the Teuton promise to the United States and would doubtless embroil the republic in the European conflict. But what is that to a nation that can dis-
Nature to restore natural vigor and vim. Get an eight-cylinder stamina by eating
Shredded Wheat Biscuit
EVEEYSPOR1 AND <
EECREATIO

\
SOLD BY ALL GOOD SHOE UEALL Rtf
wopn by Evug ErZEtfeni orme limut
Ontario Veterinary College
parts, and soon the little trading-post grew in importance and population. Seventy-five years afterwards the Canadian Pacific Railway thrust its steel re ils through the main street of the aspiring little community, and it was but an endorsement of the
J{EV. WM. HARTLEY CARNEGIE,
rector of Ht. Margaret’s and canon of Westminster, I^ondon, who it has been announced will soon wed Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain, widow of Joseph Chamberlain, British statesman. Mrs. Joseph Chamberlain was formerly Miss Mary Endlcott, of Boston. Her father was William En-
Under the Control of the Department of Agriculture of Ontario
ESTABLISHED 1802
Affiliated with the University of Toronto.
Williams' Pink |
Made in Canada
His Wish Satisfied
opinion of the old trailing company, that Kamloops was indeed, “The Place in the Sun.''
re-open on Monday, of October, 1916.
110 University Are.. Toronto, Can.
College the 2
IS1
The peddler knocked timidly on the kitchen door. A stout Irish woman, There are irrefutable reasons why angry ct being, interrupted in her Kamloops claims the distinction of work, pulled open the door and glowbeing the leading inland city of th" *red at him.
Province of British Columbia. Its “Did yez wish to see me?1' she le-gecgraphical position marks it as Hianded in threatening tones, regard treaties when they stand m	the German pe0ple as a rebuff to the	serving a very large area; 250 miles	*
the way of what she considers her	kaiser, and might involve radical	from Vancouver, 390 miles from Cal-	aplogetic grin
military necessities?	changes not only in the foreign office,	gar y and 540 from Edmonton, it sees	thank	you." :
As an excuse for this policy of pir-	but jn every department of adminis-	no possible rival. With a population	-
®cy It IS**? ^ n <Taty Zltl	Nation of internal affairs, so that	of some 5,000, it points with pardon-, The	Manufacturers' Building at the
IM CT f ^	nnlv	incumbent of the office able pride to its splendid streets and Cana(jian National Exhibition has
th.s barbarous form of warfare only would mean opposition to the wishes pavements, to its modern electric 72600 square feet of exhibit space upon the condition that the U. S. q{ the Kaiser himself.	| lights, power, water and telephone ftn(J the AnneX 73f000 8quare fêet.
If the allies should continue to systems, and to its uninterrupted win, as they have since “the drive" j steady progress. With abundance of
find it water, continuous bright sunshine and
CAL EN DA* ON APPLICATION
[. A. A. Grange, v.s.. ll principal
better
out stopping to rest, suffered from
headaches, loss of appetite, and for tlon,	• - -
two months of the time was confined -----------------------------
to the house. I was under the care ROADS AND THE MOTORIST.
of a doctor, but the medicine I took	----
did not help me in the least. A friend Penny Wise and Pound Foolish to advised my mother to give me Dr.
William.’ Pink Pills, and although 1	B Phnlp p sharpie,.
SA.-EMUSiaw
ed, I thought they might be	worth	roads and the motorist. Gradually	Hhould exact the recognition of in-
trying.	After taking	two	boxes	aa the farmer, through the agent of	temational law and rights of Great
Srus	3™ !ffiS.,5SL5SiÎS.TM-5;	,	, .., ... .
had changed doctors, and I readily equipment, the two problem, have be- d~V ,	^ bl" d°Pe‘ n	.. I hard to make any impreseion favor- undisputed soil-fertility, it contain,
told them the medicine that waa help- come more and more amalgamated. 1he. l«*dfr of the Conservative- ab|<- tQ his policieg| upon the German all the attributes necessary to future small, used for exhibit purposes at the in» me I continued taking the pills The farmer no longer feels that the Agrarian element Is former Admiral , and g crigig ,g Uable to be commercial and agricultural develop- Canadian National
health was fully restored, and I have ment Drlvlng an au,omobile ha, mit to the American demand, since enjoyed the best of health. 1 convinced him, as nothing else could, The strenuousness of the situation hope my experience may be the means that a mud road. Impassable after has forced Hollweg to organize l
Ten years ago, before the advent of	Germany personally and explain his
the automobile in numbers, the type	policy. It is claimed that this has
11	*	„ Kav a, aiv	of road to be built In country districts	been made necessary especially since
paul, at	60 cents a box	or . x	would have admitted no question. |	the defeat of the German navy in
for $2.50 from 1 he Ur. williams
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
2/
“Veil, I did,” he assured her with an
I got my i h.
And he went
Neglect Improved Roads.
Kmd Mlnnrd'e Liniment In the bouse
There are 73 buildings, large and
SEED POTATOES
that which France witnessed in 1871. The Entente powers are watching " events with keen interest, and stand a to gain in any event.
EED POTATOES. IRISH COBblers. Delaware. Carman. Order Supply limited Write for iuo-H. W. DawFon. Brampton.
PERILOUS NAPS
s
”	at once
Some Men Take Their Snooze in Dan- tattoos.
»
gerous Places
A short time ago a man was dis- rimRhHHERMKN'H BVCTION hose. covered in his lunch-hour fast asleep	HeHlng. 7"l«
S. Smith. 13s York
ARTICLES FOR SALE
them to health.”
You can get these pills through any dealer in medicine, or by mail, post
Fooling the Doctor
The doctor had gone and the wife a pIank* **'*^™j* were^hanging 11 at 24 cents
- - -
gisHlsI	:: gESSU
“rm	arp idpallv least, the surface Is easily maintained tion or working agreement between you 11 be the last.	As a consequence few of the company
Extern >	P	through a term of years at a low an-' Germany, Britain and the United	- got any sleep. That day there was
arranged. lhey are ai	i nual cost.	States, and this is why he has work- Mlnard'e Liniment Lumberman's PrienJ the usual procession and the after-, If)
.rs •ssszrzx r. ir.’sss?“ *"u *br,lk	1
wsm wmm -mm	mm
.	, . ,	/ w t c th	’ pdi	less than the mixed method, and the	a large extent, and it has been sur-	y0unger 8Chool of Russian command- a couchant lion, finishing up the per-	Therefore it lasts. *lmp-
phus, and c	, .	results, If the work has been well done,	mized that possibly the Kaiser him-	erg| though he had experience In the formance by springing up and putting	ly „b5cau,ie,M *alJ» Xn,r,ï
cal service is done by Russian	p >. -	are not inferior for country road traf-	self is back of the course he is pur-	Japanese War, where he was colonel his head in another lion’s mouth.	drr°exvlain* mure"fully
There is a noticeable shortage flc	suing.	1 of a guards regiment, and took part In gut when the jumping-up time -Write rUt t
The German doctors, The building of a penetration ma- His prerogatives are so far reach- the abortive attempt at relieving Port came a gentle snore was heard. The T- B* r”** Ontario kind in their treatment of the	cadam la In Itself not a difficult mat-	ing that a change in the Chancellor	Arthur.	| „an wa. fagt B,leep with his head
'“thing that filled the	sister	%, M the" SSTud	re",	»* thi* time W0U,d be interpreted by Lachute, Que., 25th Sept. I908~ , Plowed on a lion!
where: We are hungry, we shall yet begt regujta can only be obtained when die of hunger here.’ This complaint men of experience and training are dogged her footsteps through all the employed In supervising and building eamps iin South Germany. The ra- the roads. The manufacturers of lions are insufficient. The soldiers standard binders can be depended up-, are supposed to get 300 grams (about on to furnish the special apparatus 10H ounces) of bread a day, but in snd knowledge required to handle the
r^lity they receive lea. Everywhere "'^ maintenance of road, already the prisoners refuse to do work that bullt tg a8 important as building new might be used for military purposes, oneg The tendency in this country Is something which has a sharper re- t0 negiect roads already built. This gimo as a consequence, such as pun- jg the utmost folly. A good road Is a ishment by imprisonment and being capital asset to the community. Not bound to a stake. The application of maintaining it up to its original
also because it was customary pun- fQr lack of repairlng the roof or a coat ishment in the German army. The 0f pajnt a community should not prisoners are paid from 6 to 24 cents dream Gf neglecting its improved for their work. With these earnings roads. Enough money must be ap-they are able to improve their food.” proprlated each year to maintain them
*	in a condition at least equal to their
state on completion
FOR SALE

HVRON
Mu Ft
Russians in Germany Complain to Red Cross Workers.
Of course, he expects Germany resemble a house. The macadam must win, or at least he will pretend to be well built from the bottom up. If believe it, for any other attitude the automobile traffic becomes exces-1 WOuld menace his office as Chancel-

BUM I S. ETC.
BOOK ON
DOG DISEASES
Ami How to Feed
Mulled free to mny nddress Vy the Author
H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Inc.
1 ! 8 Weil 31 st Street, New Y ark
S>
f
fC
i
America's / i cr 2:1 Lcredies
15—20
•Till
are

mans, of medicines
CO , LTD
are
ABSORBINE
X1	I PAW UMK 8fC JS.PAT 0>F

?
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited
Gentlemen, — Ever since coming The Canadian National Exhibition home from the Boer war I have been pays an annual surplus to the City of bothered with running fever sores on Toronto of $25,000 to $? .0,000. Last ray legs. I tried many salves and year the dividend was $15,000.
liniments; also doctored continuously	-----
for the blood, but got no permanent MUard’s Liniment nee* by Phyelclnne.
relief, till last winter when my mo-, ther got me to try MINARD’S LINI-1
MENT. The effect of which was al- “Six months ago you told me you
most magical. e Two bottles com- couldn’t sleep at night for worrying ABSORBINE. JR..to,
painful. Swollen \ rim. \V^n«	« raina, h *ca#
will reduce inflamed, swollen Joints, Sprains, Bruises, Soft-Bunches ; Heals Boils, Poll a Evil, Quittor, Fistula snd Infected sores quickly T) j as it is a positive antiseptic aru^ germicide. ' Pleasant to "" l X o*i does not blister of t*
JT A the heir, sod you ran work ike beree. r'fi 12 UU yri b- ule. delivered.
<-	Book 7 M Iree.
)i
Following the Doctor’s Orders
7\%
%
%
pletely cured me and I have worked about the money you owed me.”	*,,, w	.. w _
every working day since.	“So I did,” answer the impecunious	U ,WB
Yours gratefully,	debtor.
JOHN WALSH. “But you still owe me, and you are
not a nervous wreck.’
%
w. F. rOUNQ. P. D. F , 516 Lymsns Bldg , Montréal, C«n. Absorliuc mod Absorbme. Jr., tre made in Cuuda.
Attractions All Gone
Everybody needs it—
stored for emergency in a well-developed, well - preserved, well-nourished body and brain.
Grape-Nuts food stands preeminent as a builder of this kind of energy. It is made of the entire nutriment of whole wheat and barley, two of the richest sources of food strength.
Grape-Nuts also Includes the vital mineral elements of the grain, so much emphasised In these days of Investigation of real food value#
Crisp, ready to eat, easy to digest, wonderfully nourishing and delicious.
Machinery For Sale
You see, when I realized
w	.	I “True.
¦?ou use<* 8fty ^ere was some-	% was impossible to pay you I
thing about me you liked.	. went to see a doctor about my in-
^¦¦Yes, but you’ve spent it all somnia. He advised me to quit worrying, and if there is anything
pride myself on it’s following the Canadian National Exhibition at- doctor»g orderg implicitly.” tendance record: 1909, 752,000; 1910,
837,000; 1911, 926,000; 1912, 962,000;
1913, 1,009,000;	1914, 762,000, 1915
864.000.
H
Sh
Wheclcck Engine, 150 H.P., 18x42, with double main driving belt 24 ins.
wide,and Dynamo 30 K.W.
belt driven. All in first class condition. Would be sold together or separately ; also a lot of shafling at a very great bargain as room Is required immediately.
S. Frank Wilson & Sons
73 Adelaide Street West,
Toronto.
I
now
I
A great many men have made their mark in this world because of their inability to write.

To do less Is
penny wise and pound foolish. The
I plain macadam and the bituminous
“Free speech, my son, is merely macadam are both easily kept In erder
saying what we please to fellows we and even Improved In condition by ap-
ltnow we can lick.”	j plication of cold refined tar. Modern '
Know we can	graying machines, both horse-drawn
and motor driven, have been Invented, i which reduce the coats to a minimum The process repeated when necessary preserves the road with little depreciation
Lack of Preparedness. “Pop, what Is free speechT”
The Vegetarian
A senior pupil teacher, who was noted for his dilatory habits and slovenly appearance, was one day instructing his class in the art of economy.	*

ill
i

STORAGE BATTERIES
Magnetos
8
“Boys,” he said, extend his not over-clean fingers in the direction <*f the class—” boys, in addition to being a total abstainer and non-smoker, I
Johnny
Brown, tell me, what is a vegetarian Î*
>• »u
Johnny Brown, glancing toward the J extended fingers, “it must he a man j who don't use

Generators
Starters

Pa’s Horrible Aager.
“Ms annoyed Pa terribly last night.”
“That so?”
“Yes, he lost his temper absolutely,”
“Did he strike her?"
“No, but he got so mad he forgot himself entirely; and even threatened to join the troops and go to war.”
•n
REPAIRS
promptly
m vegetarian
am
“There’s a Reason”
for Grape-Nuts


Battery
Canadian Storage (X Limite
P'
Willard Agents.
3 THE?
The man who knows the least is often in the biggest hurry to toll it
Windsor. Ont
117-11# SIMCOE ST., TORONTO
ED. 7.
ISSUE SS—'VL
###PAGE###4###
Arn to a
1
THE EQUITY.
1h‘ well on Km wav •, I ait the UiHsiaii mid their i ions wi'st of I, » K it a dvtinit I’m k'
FOUR-NINETY ’
a
CHEVROLET
ors to tne I ace ui iue i-uaiuuuunai, l felt that It would be waste of time
in put thole Questions revs evidently felt that they were being butchered to make a Canadian I lie j holiday, and resented the butchering, with i, being their butcher, naturally rets in tented their resentment, and felt in-ki-di 1 di| nant with them for refusing to
nbe to ' sla r. d to got some informa-
ks,M as
)
M
tal
These otll

Ml
!
SHAW VILLE, AUG. 31. 1916
\
tl> 1
I’l
!
&
1
u
1
mitmti the K,
V a PI
:
\

r
I
\
I
\
1
Vi uvuru » t ni
I dvtermln tlon out of them "quick an elderly relative of m

\
(
Via M
XVIV 8
I
ks
Ively
think the war is go ' I briskly inquired of the near
fflcer.
1
y

i

I

l
1
11

I
I A
is going well," he an [ly. ‘‘Very root!"
1 replied. "1 don't a g ret
I
i
\


wervd, |

y
1)

1
with you."
"When iî'i > OU think V ill * : d
tantlv halted l*y the he asked. Two or three of the oth
Irew a trifle nearer and waited with
tlh7 interest for my answer.
‘ 1 think." I said at length, profoundly , "that it will end in about a
h. il. n
t
]
I. A
w
1
Ml hough
I
X
1
t
:
l
1, u
11v rutiler \
ti
»
i
\
\
PRICE $675.00 F. 0. B„ OSHAWA, ONT
m*
S oi their lilies r attacks the Turk
ftvr the cm \ and the
rn\
t
vu
sec
ton or me vote it v irt *¦ total vote "a vitx |tolled by his prt ng that a large et or» did not g ve that none of the four
ululates who presented thein>vlves t with their approval. Prohibition, are led t«. believe, is the all absorb in Ontario just now, and the J ! vM Governtnent, in response t p jmlar demand, having put through legislation to close the hats next month, the liquor interests have united their ~ •e ffort* to encompass it> downfall, t hi
the other hand, a good many alleged
supporters of prohibition find it exjK»-dient, when opportunity occurs, to allow their ]>oliticai sympathies t mate the desire to stand by the pi triples which all along they have so loudly professed ; and thus the government has brought upon itself the condemnation of one faction, while it has
failed to secure, as a compensating offset, the support of another faction, w hoso adherents should reasonably be ted as its friends in a situation which they themselves helped to create.
appeared pat ion ot uvi cssful
ry as far fan way to task which
It
Over 500 Chevrolcts delivered in the Province of Quebec this season, and one giving* good satisfaction.
V i' Imvp reports of as high as :\2 miles to the gallon of gasoline, on ears delivered in Pontiac*.
It is an admitted fact that the valve-in head motor does give 15 p. c, ol gasoline motor, which means 15 p. c. more miles per gallon of gasoline
With the price of gasoline at what it should make it the preference.
Mr. 1>
car
early >i Angu>t, Mush and 1 expedition into
HiUimdon, t«
every
To my surprise the Germans 1.
• You really think so?" asked one, looking more friendly.
"Yes." said 1. rather surprised. "What do you think?"
A month," lie answered cheerfully. ‘ Not more than a month."
"What?" 1 exclaimed in amaze-"You really think that Ger-will make terms in a month?" Will dictate terms," he amended, nulling pleasantly at me. ' have finished all In a month
I got my breath. I laughed. I polled my mouth to speak

lie l
I
percent o to lit
how
ter
i

Ik

l
t
1
wards
they had uiulvrtakei
The tm
tl
l
vet
power than any other type
more
1

point va me soon after the Turkish operations at Mudi, when the Russian line in that neigldwul stiffened suddenly. The battle begun ment, then continued uninterruptedly until many Friday, when the Turkish forces, do spite their reported superiority in numbers, fell back under the Russian us mit, conducted from the regions ot sguent and Kniskala and left Mush $ vgain in Russian hands.
the proven economy of the Chevrolet vulve-in-heed
Is
cat
1
\\
1
l
THE MacLEAN MACHINE WORKS, AGENTS,
CAMPBELLS BAY
tin
She will
QUEBEC
Mel
$
*
*
The commandant looked at me
When you want the host value for your
. money in ..
mxlously.
_ .	L . _	,	, "There are Rome officers over
Bristol School Commissioners p,ore whom I think you would like
to et." he »âl<l firmly.
1 knew it would happen. Always, ilways, both in Halifax and Amherst, just as 1 was getting into a really Interesting conversation, I was solemn- I Flooring. Knd Matched Hardwood Floor ly trotted away to ' frcsli fields and ing Mouldings Door* etc.,try
Now there is a great
TAILORING-
SHINGLES
dom
Bristol, Ang. IS.
The Publie Selvxd Vommi-sioners nf Bristol met on the above date. Present : Chairman Boss ; Comm i "douera Horner, MeI.eod, Allen and CampMI.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted mi motion of (’«»m'r Horner.
^lotion ComTs Horner ami Allen That Com Y Boss l»e re-elected Chairman for the present year.
Moved by CoinV Allen that the Bristol Seinwd Pair U» held on the municipal ground at Maple llidgv : also that we contribute the usual grant to the School Fair, and that the Secretary iNSUe a cheque for the amount on dv-IHHCinicd.
Moved by Com Y MeLeod that the following bills lie paid :	W Young,
repairing swing at No. | School, 7,oe.; G. H. H painting Nos. •• and i» woodsheds and closets ; also N Audah, s70.no ; Legal Blank Pt g Co., school journals and engagement forms, Ottawa Valley Journal, advt.
L MoNallv. <> cords
at $1.65 per M. and up
1
Also Baths. Dry Lumber, Clapboard*-
Call and inspect our stock of
pastures now deal of the bulldog in my composition. As I walked meekly away with the commandant I silently registered I VOW. 1 kept the vow later on 1 shall tell what the vow and how I kept It; and if the commandant ever sees this I know that he will forgive me.
The Halifax prisoners seemed to be very comfortably housed. They had pi.wnos, games of cards, and various uhi r contrivances for killing time. Yet they did not seeiu nearly so conçut <1 as the men at Amherst. One Mil understand this, of course. Most if the Amherst prisoners are accustomed to a life of toil, and the ease, good food, warm bedding, and free-lorn for pleasure represented to them is \ « tolerable holiday :hese officers imprisonment was a
A. F. CAMPBELL
Serge Suitings
box 155
Xvnpt'ior. Out
X little
Black, Navy Blue and Gray ; also other
Tweeds in late colors.
in
CANADIAN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO ROUND TRIP
EXCURSION FARES
wa
c
-e or >ix German aivMnps took part
*	latest v lid of the smith vast coast
gland. In all forty-three per» hurt, eight of them fatally. Only l of tin* whole were soldiers Some
•	killed were women and children.
1
Gents’ Furnishing’s
Semi-Ready Suits, Felt and Straw Hats, Shirts, Collars, Underwear and Hosiery . . .
1
111.Uhl
1
c
V
fi
Quebec Provincial Exhibition,
Quebec, Que.
August -i) to September 2, 191b. Lowest one-way first class fare ami one third, good going August ; 23rd to September 2nd ; return limit, September 6th.
<
\
T
•n who operate air craft have to rageons. It i> not in keeping hat should k‘ expected from hat their work is «> little like ami so much like slaughter.—
hi
But to
*3.T(
t« >r teachers, 34 win id. at $1.50, for No. 4, $0.00 : Mrs. IX Shepherd, cleaning No. 1 ScIphiI, .no.—Carried.
Moved by Vom rs Mdaml and Vamp-hell that the See vet a i*y write Daniel Dnuinmuid and demand the return of tl"‘ money |»aiil for N ground : also tint ht with regard to expropriating No. »
Carried.
r Horner that we do
v
bor
t
"Have you everything you want here?" I asked one.
"Yes, thank you," he replied, politely, but not enthusiastically. "Ex-?ept that the rooms are pretty dark— and. ns you see, eight officers are housed in one room. Now, in Ger-
fi
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
3
(hazel
s 1
Canadian National Exhibition
Toronto, Out.	j
August 26 to September 11, 1016. Lowest one-way first class fare and one third, going August 26th to September 7th ; return limit, September 13th.
For particulars tickets, etc. apply to X	C. A. L. TUCKER* j
Agent Shaw ville. I
Principal War Events of Past Week
French capture city of Maurepas.
ty of Musirh
O. 4 School
Mr. K. Millar
many
Yes!” I cried
In Germany?
S|»|
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Ilnnl (
"Only three or four officers are put together in one room,” he aver-?d. "And then—although we have nothing to complain of—but in Germany the prisoners get a much better time.”
Visions of the "better time" afforded to prisoners in the fatherland floated red before my eyes. I •emembored Major Vandaleur and
the treatment meted out to him. I | i *af TTflnil'lllTfTl TT 1 T I I
“vUlu.'ii.MEN HALL Doops
I thought of hunger and cold and in- 1 U1UU UUIUUi.1 A LI LIU il
suit endured by Wounded mm—and I	NORWAY BAY
They Are Sure, However, That GUI- I looked at the officer. He jumped.
"They do have a better time," he \ n________
averred earnestly. "I see you do not ! r 1 OQ lôlii Hiv believe me—but they do. In one I place”—I think he said it was the "Wurtz” mountains, but I am not quite sure—"the prisoners are taken for long walks every day in the beau-
14 E Halifax Vamp for alien tiful hills. Sometimes they are taken | programme of Quadrilles enemies is in the "Citadel.
It is dignified and comfort
l
M
1 liv (
Ann

4
Carried.
(!. T. Drlmmoni
now adj
.Serb troops pudi back Bitlgars and Capture many prisoner*.
Italy declares war on Germany.
British troop* make further advances in Somme region.
Rumania rowers.
Fica
s
SCOBIE
INTERNED AT HALIFAX
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing-.
lecture* war on Central ALIEN ENEMIES THERE HAVE A
GOOD TIME.
9
Will not stand fora Patched up
Peace
zen» of Allied Countries Interned in (iermany Have a Much More Beautiful Life Tlum They Have, But Proofs of Statement Are Not Forthcoming.
V>n, August -7 The Times inifit try expert, in an optimistic review of the present military situation, punts out hi* reasons for I relieving the war is not yet near its end, and discusses the arming of the All its! armies for the cam US of 1917 and 1918.
< >ur su 1 priority in the field,” says tli" writer, “ is not vet adequate, hence
Moving Pictures every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, Dancing after until 11.30 p. in. with special
Admis-Pictures 10e.
:
T
to a restaurant in the town for their
mid-day meal. Sometimes”------
"Do you realize,” I interrupted .
him suddenly, "that this is the most | Saturday. New dances 10c. to 2.x* High stone walls surround Interesting and most extraordinary
it	dus not give us that annihilating j the fortress, and over them one looks	thing that I have heard for
de ranee which i* necessary f« »r	down the steep hill to the crouching	long day? Where did you	learn
Next «-ring, having completed 'c|t, and blue, blue water*, eays a	the*e thing*?1’
n 1 Ik- end rrunh the m.wt frantic though one German officer objected have a ropy of these letter*? If you
:trrrrrsz Efs*ES£'v£
ry. ne	H:it"ho'* Wlth n°.	and he liked the scenery better there,	they are published In Canada,	and I
1	“ r i’1 ,'',|nl,,vt'' MT Mact ion *•’>	However, he allowed that the food	shall look up the exact reports	which
indantly suw.l.vd with weapon»	adage; ' Heaven for climate, but bell
and material that fudure would be for company
negligeney on the |wrt of our gov- drained.
* nts during the jieacv parley* ; Major Adams, the commandant of 1 any will never again 1** able to the camp, took me through the i war in our time.	building and introduced me to a
deny soldier* believe the jioliti- number of the prisoners. The first n nell out in the end. But this group of whom I was introduced certainly wrong, for the force looked rather uncomfortable and
minion behind the war i* now suspicious. The men at Amherst had	¦	¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦
that the public would think regarded my visit and me as joyously that the bill which has been intro-
' .................. -	,'„r,r,n urzzz	sss
and when I had proceeded to Invite Canadian railways to Seattle and them to give me their views on lm- United States railways, will not be mortality, sauerkraut, submarines, ?ome law. The bill proposes that the
and the siege of the Dardanelles, shipment of goods in bond through a I Professors graduates of lending their joy had suffered no diminish- foreign country (Canada), be recog-ment. With these officers, however, olzed only when the shipments are It was different. The atmosphere was bonded from one United States port chilly.	to another. Canada has taken a third «
Later on the atmosphere was Df the North Pacific halibut trade, he-lurid, not chilly.	cause of the marketing facilities at
¦¦¦I	The Germans and I exchanged a Prince Rupert where the fish is ship
iiinir hjow from the troops few po|lle ba amies; then the com- ped in bond for points in the central
le region mandant conducted me to another ind eastern States. The effort of the home of little group. Here again It was no legislation now proposed would be training better. I had a thousand questions 0 turn this trade back to Seattle and
on the tip of my tongue, but as 1 he Government is watching the sit-looked from the faces of the prison- lation with considerable Interest
îtion, dance 15c
Dancing Tuesday, Thursday and
}
able but somewhat gloomy
Buy a Ford, not because it is cheaper, but a better car
Special arrangement* can be made on Tuesday ami Thursday evening only, for special parties and supper on short notice.
Special Sacred Concert on Sunday even ing* -non-denominational—voluntary as sihtance very welcome.
Come one, come all
You are welcome,
many a
1

III

he an

let me
JMiuk well the sterling construction of the Kurd car,
1 lie testing department of the Conservatoire National des Arts et Metiers of the French Republic made a highly scientific comparison between Ford constructive material and the material used in another very noted and expensive In every test the Ford material proved Hii)>erior.
The service given by Ford ears in Quebec has fully substantiated the results obtained by these French scientists.
liny a l ord, not only because it* first cost is less, not alone because its maintenance cost is less, lint because its quality of service is greater,— because it gives more mileage |n»r doll tr invested than any other make of car yon can buy.
Ami it you want your Ford this summer, buy it today to ensure prompt delivery.


i

UNIVERSITY OF
f
I can do better,” he stated posi-Somewhere I pm sure I have
i
a picture of some of the German camps—a reproduced photograph. If I can find It you shall have it.”
1 thanked him. Up to date I have received neither the extracts from letters nor the reproduced photos.
car
ST. FRANCIS XAVIER
but manfully re-
K
ANTICONISH, NOVA SCOTIA
I
{
i
4
ARTS
f
I
May Baulk Plan.
There Is an expectation at Ottawa
SCIENCE
ENGINEERING
LAW
y

and hanging them in a if they ehnwed any inclination to away at the pwe parley* the fruits of our stupendous war effort*.*’
i
mei


SHAWVILLE MOTOR 00. REGISTERED,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Universities of Europe and
America.
Re-Capture Mush
Russi
i
Nineteen hundred and sixteen Is bringing the fifth new building In fire year*.
Write the Registrar for Calendar.
S|ieoijtl High School Course
of two years
leading to Matriculation.

encircle the left flank <»f the ueftaian army a|


Ford Runabout 1480 Ford Touring 530 HI Ford Complete 780 ¦J Ford Se<
HI Ford Town Car 780 i l f.e. b. Ford. Ontario.
a
completely equipped, Including electric headlights, eu Ipment does not H
I
- r : 'J
All
i;
ha

cl a erit-of Graad Duk ot L ike Van.
Erxerum, thus n
X
890
The Turk i «h
eft Hank an,

1 I
all th
;

I
» •
T

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Boys’ School
Suits.
{4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqtereiti, PtiblUhed every Thnreda y
/\t Shaiwville, County Pontiac, Que.
Makes
Dreams
Come
True
Li
St’fHcnrrTiox, $1 a Yea it is Advance
tir All urreare must be paid up before %iiy p ipor in discontinued.
l;i
ill
Hi un
m
B
*

<
o
C
3*
ADVERTISING RATES.
I4e*il advertising, 10cents per line for ?ertlon ami 3 cents per line or each (Ueut Insertion
luecards not exceeding one Inch vil At $3.00 per year.
I,o 11 announcements inserted at tlit rate of d cents per line for llrst Insertion ~WM its for subsequent Insertions.
Com n ir I»1 adiei : Ulng by t !»<• month
or for lo igor periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
A'lv irtliernents received without Instructions accompanying them will lie In-rtei until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Rirth. m ivrlage and death notices pub-failed free of charge. Obituary poetry doc|i ued.
z
V*
I

1 d in
School days are now here again, and every mother is anxious to send her boys back to school looking spic and span at the least possible cost. We can solve this problem for you, if you bring your boys with you to see our NEW FALL SUITS. These are mostly in the Norfolk styles, made from exceptionally hard wearing Tweeds of good weight for present or fall wear. Principally greys and browns, and blue serge.
Sll
K
lit!
¦
[ ii 1er

an-l


i
8
h
turn

V
\
The Car that Satisfies $Of A Every Automobile Desire O \J v
“	F.O.B. CHATHAM
JOB PRINTING

Ml kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
In Addition
The 1916 Gray Dort sells for $850, yet it has the appearance and looks of a considerably more expensive
Electric starting, electric lighting, demountable rims, extra rim, gasoline gauge and speedometer on dash and all those little conveniences that make motoring a pleasure are yours if you own a Gray Oort.
50-inch cantilever springs and a perfect distribution of weight make the Gray Dort one of the easiest riding cars on the market.
There is plenty of seat and leg room, too, in the 1916 Gray Dort, both in the driver s compartment and in the tonneau. You never feel cramped in a Gray Dort. In short, the 1916 Gray Dort Is a car that satisfies every automobile desire at a price well within the reach of most families.
See the Gray Dort at our showrooms.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
(MANCE HALL, SHAWVIILE I
We are showing a good line of separate Pants, made of strong wearing Tweeds, just the thing for school, either in bloomer or knicker styles.
car
( »
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at h p. in.
K. Workman, Rec.-Secy.
W. G. Cowan W. M.
NOTICE
L O L. No. 27, meet» 1st Tuesday of each mont ii.
J. U. Armhtroni W, M.
R ko. Honoixs, Secy.
We have lately made some extensive changes in the yard at the rear of the store ; by removing an old barn, we have been able to erect more shed room and can now accommodate some 20 teams.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the l Ith of each month
IT. N. Hodgixb,
W. Comp, in Com
Reo. Hodoins Com. Seri he.
Professional Cards.
J. L. HODGINS
DEALER.
A good drive well has been sunk with a good flow of
A strong electric light has been in-
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
pure water
stalled. These accommodations are for the use of
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Campbell» Bay
the public and we trust that you will make frequent use of same.
Doctor of Medicine and M . r of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
PUBLIC NOTICE
i
vince of Quebec,
I Municipality of ( larendon
i
HELP! HELP!
C. F. HODGINS CO
Public notice is hereby given to all proprietors of real householders of this municipality that the Collection Roll established by tin School Commissioner» of this municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my {possession for inspection by pa
ite ami resident
S. A. MACKAY
school taxes, a*
THOUSANDS OF FARM LABORERS WANTED
PUBLIC NOTICE
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle, - — Que.
BRISTOL
Province of Quebec,
Aug. 25.—After the lawn social held	m I
at the Bristol (brick) Presbyterian Municipality of (.larendon.
_ i a -	«	»	»	I	Church, the memliera of the choir de-	Public Notice is hereby given to all
R	Mil I An	I	I	I	tided they should purchase a piano and	proprietors of real estate ami resident
lie	!"¦ I Lfc-nilj	¦¦	lel	bB	|	immediately laid plane to do so. The	householders of this Municipality that
plane are working out nicely.	the Collection Roll "i Municipal and
Saturday afternoon eouie of the ladies Bonus taxes, as established by the Man-held a sale of homemade cooking at ici pa I Council of this Municipality, has Norway Bay. The success was proved been made and completed, and that it by the demand. Everything was sold now is and will remain in my ; possession in 15 minutes. The proceeds go to the for insect ion by parties interested, du-piano fund.	ring thirty days from this notice, during
Then on Wednesday evening the which time it may lie amended. Any choir gave a splendid concert. The , ratepayer may, during the said delay, program was long, but every item was complain of such Roll, which shall be worth while. The talent from outside taken into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Municipal Council to take place on the 15th day of September in Hynes' hall at the hour of seven o’clock in the afternoon ; but such delay expired it shall come into force and every person interested, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 14th day of August, 1916.
FOR THE
rties interested, during the thirty from this notice, during which time it may lie amended. Any ratepayer may, during the said delay, complain of such Roll, which shall be taken into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Commissioners to take place on the ninth day of September, at the Secretary's office, at the hour of one o’clock in the afternoon ; but such delay expired it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof, if he so desire», shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at her offi e, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
WESTERN HARVEST

Good Pay and Employment in the Fertile Districts
SERVED BY THE CN R.
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
$12.00 TO WINNIPEG
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
Plus Half n Cent per Mile Beyond Return Half a Cent |* r Mile to W innipeg plus g 18.00
Special Train* will be Operated From Montreal and Toronto to Winnipeg
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
CANADIAN NORTHERN ALL THE WAY
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iT Visits Shawville every Saturday
was of exceptional high character, while the 1<ical performers were not far below. The choir did exceptionally well, considering the brief time it has been organized and practicing. To make comment on any special number would be unwise, and on all the numbers would lie too long. We therefore add the program as rendered :
1.	Opening prayer — Chairman, Rev. Harris.
2.	Choir selection.
PHONE BELL	13. Instrumental selection, violin and
piano The M< « lie family.
J. Erkest Cabouby, LL. B.|j BuMu.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.I
See Later Announcements for Train Service
ami Excursion Dates.
*
Given at Shawville this 7th day of August, 1916.
CEO.G. WRIGHT, K.G.
For Full Particulars Apply to Nearest C.N.K. Agent, or General Passenger Department, Montreal, Que., or Toronto, Ont.
M: A. M. KINLEY,
Asst. Sec.-Treaa
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
196 Main St. - Hull.

* #
M
W. E. X. HODGINS,
»S IV
Synopsisof Canadian North West Land Regulations
RayX
6. Ladies quartette—Mesdames Kus sell, Day and Misses A. and V McCredie.
Choir selection
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed-1 8. Instrumental duet — Mr*. 11. Me nesl.iy and Shawville every Saturday
EVERY CANADIAN SHOULD SEE THE COUNTRY’S CAPITAL AND THE BEST TIME IS DURING FAIR WEEK
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Appli
at the Dominion Lands Agency or SubAgency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (hut not Sub-Agency), on certain condition».
Duties-Six months residence ujion and cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine miles of his homestead on a farm of at least 80 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except where residence is performed in its vicinity.
Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
In certain districts a homesteader in g'wsl standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead. Price
PUBLIC NOTICE
Motion — Commissioners Tracy and Wallace—“ That we build the School (No 12-B) at the present picketed site.
The tender of R. J. Burgess* was ac-evpted
CENTRAL
CANADA
EXHIBITION
i
t appear in person
Mullen and Miss V. McCredie.
9.	Solo—Rev. Mr. Harris.
10.	An interval given to Capt. J. E. I Fisher, recruiting officer for Pon | tiac Co. The officer, who is a master of piano forte, etc., gave two grand piano selections, two splendid recruiting songs and a telling address.
11.	Solo—Mrs. Binks (Norway Bay).
12.	Male quartette— Messrs T. Duff, J. McCredie, D. McCredie, Rev. Harris.
14.	Choir selection.
15.	Instrumental selection—Miss Al
I.	wa) Bay
Mi EMBALMING jî;
18. Instrumental selection—The McCredie Family.
God Save the King.
After the national anthem was hear iv fresh me i	were serve.
All call* will receive prompt per I the hwmeut, wh.-re a jolly model hoar
was ap The «h-ur w re greatly encouraged by the splendid success of J. V. INDLAY | their venture and thank the many who
• *« 1
On Sunday the Rev. Robert Eadie, Bethany church, Hinton burg, conducted the services for Mr. Harris, who took the work at Mackay street church, while Rev. P. W. Anderson went to Bethany church. It was another hot Sunday. For some reason the heat tells on church at • m
M. A. McKINLKY,
A**t. Sec.* T reas., Clarendon School Shawville, Que., Aug. 86, 1916.

GEORGE HYNES
OTTAWA SEPT. 9 to 16
1916
R
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Open all hours.


PUBLIC NOTICE
«
Monday, Sept. 4th, Wing a Dominion holiday, the Clarendon Council will meet for the regular SeptemWr #e#*ion on Monday, September 14th, 1916, at
10.30. a. in.
4
S-r
Entries Close Sept.4th
REDUCED RAILWAY RATES
UNDERTAKING
z
mouse or Commons Burned Fes. 3. 1*1#
W. E. N. HODGINS,
A*#t Sec.-Trra
mow beimo mercure to ronwcn eeâvrr
I Great Industrial I Exhibit
$25,000
In PRIZES for LIVE STOCK
Brilliant and Varied Grandstand Performance Afternoon and Evening
MILITARY EXERCISES
BALLOON ASCENSIONS AND LOOR-THE-LOOP AVIATOR
BIG HORSE RACING PROGRAMME.
y
ix month* residence in each r* after earning homestead ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Itivation. nipt ion ilatent may be obtained an a* hoi
I)
FOR SALE
HAYES & FINDLAY
SHAWVILLE

MAIN STREET
ex
BjWv*t half of 13 a, 4th range, Bristol, containing 100 acre# (more or le#*)! known a* “The Old Graham Farm ftituated 1^ mile# from Maryland stati*
(C. P. It); al#o convenient to church# ami hoot.
AI#o S. W. quarter of 14 a, range
acre* under cultivation
land
VAUDEVILLE ACTS
vu

(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
d patent, on certain
ted hi* home-take a purchased home-
Price $3.<M)
i
A
aonal attention
Magnificent Spectacle and
NIGHT SHOW Fireworks “Battle of Falk---------------------------- land Islands.”
The Greatest Effort Yet.

lihtnct*
f
%
i •
r le#
(mo
I K.
Hundreds of Other Features
Must re*
ix moatks in
ret year#, cultivate 50 hou*c w *»rth $300.
W. W. CORY,
Dut


r
ip}i


Don't Forget to See Ottawa Fair This Year
For term# and |*art ictilar* apply Mr*. A. P SwiTH, R. R No. 1, Mtr\
PROMPTLY 8ECUR
Dt
\|
i *i
*i
i
all countries Ask for our IXVLN. HU A WISER, which will be sent free
M.VtIOX 6 MARIOV,
3*4 University *t„ Ment réel.
land, Qtie„ <>r to the Fox warren, M
J. K. Paisley, Secretary and
John Bright. Preeidcnt
y e
ized
N B

• 4

i**i

t be |#tid for.
A. P. SMITH. 1
Com
###PAGE###6###
CHRIST IN FLANDERS
Useful Hints and Qeneral Information fur the Busy | Housewife	jfl
About the House



We hud forgotten You or very nearly,
You did not seem to touch us very nearly.
Of course we thought about You now and them, Especially in any time of trouble,
We knew that You were good in time of trouble. Rut we arc very ordinary men.
And there were always other things to think of; There's lots of things a man has got to think of-11 is work, his home, his pleasure, and his wife; And so we only thought of You on Sunday, Sometimes, perhaps, not even on a Sunday, Because there's always lots to All one’s life


jfl

After cooking an hour add suit
Serve
half
and move stock, if needed
from the casserole
may be hrownel in one-fourth cupful of drippings before being put into the !
For this style of cooking

Miscellaneous Recipes.
For a new dessert, try this: Take sponge cake and cut it into squares. Pare, halve and core some large pears. Boil in a syrup coloted with half a cupful of cranberry or other red fruit juice
the syrup and place one of the halves on each sponge square with cranberry jelly and serve with plain or whipped cream or with a sauce.

The vegetables


casserole
round steak gives a richer dish than does a sirloin steak.
g
When tender remove from
I*

And all the while, in street or lane or byway,
In country lane, in city street or byway,
You walked among us and we did not see.
Your feet were bleeding as You walked our pavements. How did we miss Your footprints on our pavements Î Can there be other folk as blind as wo?
Now we remember over here in Flanders (It isn't strange to think of You in Flanders);
This hideous warfare seems to make things clear.
We never thought about You much in England,
But now that we are far away from England We have no doubts, we know that You are here.
You helped us pass the jest along the trenches.
Where in cold blood we waited in the trenches You touched its ribaldry and made it fine.
You stood beside us in our pain and weakness,
We’re glad to think You understand our weakness, Somehow it seems to help us not to whine.
We think about You kneeling in the garden,
Ah, Godl the agony of that dread garden;
We know You prayed for us upon the cross;
If anything could make us glad to bear it,
Twould be the knowledge that You willed to bear it, Pain—death—tho uttermost of human loss.
r '
Decorate

Useful Hints
m
Celery and pineapple make a delicious salad.
Here is a Belgian recipe for vege- It is better to cook carrots whole table soup:	Take four celeries, four and then skin them,
leeks, two turnips, a cabbage, two After a whir.kbroom has become onions, a few bones, pepper and salt ragged, trim off evenly and use as a and five quarts of water. Boil for sink brush.
about three hours keeping the vege- Prick the small end of a potato be-table always well covered with the fore putting it in the oven and it will water. Take up and rub the vege- nob burst.
table through a sieve or eloth and let A salmi of onions, sardines, toma-them boil again for at least an hour. ( toes and peppers is properly served
White Ginger Bread.—One pound with brown bread, dry, sifted flour, one-half pound fresh Never hoard old clothing or house-butter, one-half pound granulated su- hold articles—give them to somebody gar, grated rind of one lemon, one who can use them, ounce new ground ginger root, one- | Yellow will light up the gloomiest half grated nutmeg, one half teaspoon of rooms, just as green will cool and |
soda, one gill milk butter together, add sugar, lemon rind, ginger and nutmeg.
milk slightly, stir in soda and mix to their nutritive value.
Pushing screws in common soap before using will cause them bo enter


U:


»
W







3

M
E
Prince Henry Sees IIis School Win.
Prince Henry of England watching a match between Eton and Harrow held recently. The match was won by Eton. The picture is interesting in that it indicates that despite the war, sport in England is still not without Royal patronage.
Rub flour and soften the most garish.
i * Skim milk used instead of water Warm in the cooking of cereals adds
to
!
smooth paste. Shape according to fancy and bake fifteen minutes.
” o make croquettes of boiled meat, ^ wood more easily, mince your meat and put it into a 8 a,NVRys more economical to thick, white sauce well spiced with - pleasure materials in cooking than it
pepper, salt and nutmeg, and let it *s to ^uefs at them.
remain (or two hours.	Then pro- ^ *s ^e greatest economy to pur-
pare your croquettes by rolling the rnase ^v9t spices; poor ones
mixture in white of tgg and fine l,saal,y adulterated
l*ut a piece of but- If a sma11 Piece of velve* 18 *lucd
inside the heel of a shoe, stockings
will not wear out so fast.
Split a clothespin down the centre, and you have a good tool for scraping pans and kettles.
Always rinse black stockings blue water, and they will keep a good color right on to the end.
If sugar is too high-priced to preserve fruit, then dry it. You can’t	_ .	...
starve to death very well on dried	very well, making it practical for the
fruit.	modish transparent sleeve, the cos-
Before cleaning knives on a knife- tume blouse and the dance dress, board, damp them slightly. They ^or (lance dresses, the printed Geor-clean more quickly and gain a better jettes are youthful and pretty; some polish.	°* these have printed borders, and
A few drops of ammonia in • the	plein white or colored grounds, and
water in which silver is washed will j	then again the softly tinted rose or
mav be used with nearly all kinds of kMP,il ^igh1 fvr a lon* time with" conventionalized design is scattered vegetables	and	fruits-is	made	like	ou* cleaning.	over the material, on . ground of
this:	A cupful of	sugar	ad	led	to	four	, To Prevent carpet from unravell-	white, or stripes. It is most effec-
quarts of vinegar, two dozen whole '"*• when run two ,rows of ma" ,tlvc and sati*factory for many pur-
chine stitching with the machine poses
where it is to be cut
^^Wm.nyehngt.theWlor^
birds relish the little tender pieces T'I	contrasting blouse, even
that are found among the seeds.	the warmest weather, the one-piece
Stains in table linen are easily re- dress.'8 becoming more and more of a moved by plunging the articles in , nte:	0ne of the most attractive
pure boiling water. The addition of of 8J,mpJe serffes nohced recently, soap or soda would have the effect of made of two straight widths, belted in fixing the stain.	loosely with a t»elt of the material
If new enamel pans are placed in broidered in a dark red soutache. The a pan of water and allowed to come nrmholes were cut out deeply and
bound. With this frock was
]
satin, when the frock is serge; generally a motif is embroidered on the ends, in colored beads or wool.
Many of these sashes cross in front and are knotted in the back lossely and gracefully.
Serge and Silk Combination#
Though we forgot You, You will not forget us; We feel so sure that You will not forget us,
But stay with us until this dream is past;
And so we ask for courage, strength, and pardon, Especially, I think, we ask for pardon,
And that You’ll stand beside us to the last.
THE FASHIONS
are
Popularity of Georgette Frocks
London Spectator
Many of the favored silk frocks are
The white Russian frock of Geor- combined effectively with a wool ma-1 ? gette, with perhaps a touch of con- terial, serge, gabardine or cloth, treating color on cuffs or collar, is one This is an idea which appeals to many of the favored designs for afternoon and which is being used considerably and evening wear. Georgette is dein ^Khtfully cool and graceful and lends itself particularly well to the season’s styles, both for daytime and for evening wear. It is one of the sheer materials which really washes and wears
bread crumbs ter in the saucepan, sufficient to take all the croquettes, and let them brown in it for about 10 minutes. A
that In this crisis we have available # few scientific men who have been* working for years almost without r* cognition, and we have also lnstltu» Hone such as the Imperial College at South Kensington and the National Physical Laboratory at Teddlngton. The Government went to these men THERE ARE 4,000 CONTROLLED ftn<j asked them to discover the form
ula used by the Germane In their pit* ductlon of optical and chemical glass, "These British scientists, after a few , weeks' experiments, discovered many High Tide of Output For War Pur- 0f the formulae, and It then became
poses Not Yet Reached.
GREAT BRITAIN IS A VAST ARSENAL
white sauce served with them is u good addition.
Egg Salad.—Cover the eggs with boiling water and reduce the heat at once, cooking the eggs slowly from 2d to 28 minutes over the simmer burner of the gas stove. When the eggs are done, cover them with cold water. Prepare mayonnaise, when thick, add four or five sardines that have been skinned, boned and pounded to a paste Cut the egg engthxvise, lay on chilled lettuce and serve the dressing.
Pickling	Brine.—A	"universal”
pickle—that is, a pickling liquid that
MUNITION PLANTS
)
O

O
i
possible to begin manufacture on a commercial scale. The result was that within a year after the outbreak of the war the output of optical glass In this country was multiplied four and a half times. It has now Increased to fourteen times the output previous to the war, and there Is good ground for saying that by the end of the year It will
Secretary to the Ministry of Muni-! ..The Ministry of Munitions has built lions). Mr. KeUaway said the most or |a building, housing accommoda prominent fact of the war was that the Uonfl for 60 (H)0 peraonB, and canteens price of xlctory was unlimited muni- and me8g rooms In munition works *	correspondent. now provide decent sccommodatlon,
d he British army in the early days, where 600,000 workers take their meals he said, "was so out-munitioned that ever> day
the British soldier ought to have been ..For a loDg tlme our anti aircraft beaten before the fighting began But gunnere have been crying out for an he proved that he was a better fighting improved height finder for Zeppelins, man than the German. \Vhat he l«< k- the existing height finders being slow, ed hi munitions he made up In devil, cium8y aIld having a margin of error In initmtlve, and in endurance.	of hundreds of feet. You will realize
I do not think anything that Ger ^ow t|iat handicapped our gunners In many has ever done Muais the work ^elr attempt to bring down Zeppelins, this country has accomplished in the "Three men set to work on the prob-vvay of Industrial organization during lem and ln fwo or three months they
* months Great Britain, produced a height finder which gave which has throughout been the treas rapidly and exactly the height of a ury of the Allies, has now become their %eppp||n. It la an Important discovery, armory. There are now scattered up j,ut problem Is only one of bun
The frollWflrmie producing0 munlUons^of g*	C°“UnU*lly ^
The enormous stride made by Great Britain toward solving the problem of munitions was made clear In the course of a speech recently delivered by F. KeUaway, Parliamentary secretary to Dr. Addison (Parliamentary
ML
0
black peppers and a handful of cloves, a fvw blades of n e and IS whole allspice
tiw minutes and pour over the fruit.
Cream of Spinach Soup quarts spinach, six cupfuls cold water, two cupfuls milk, one clove garlic or two tablespoonfuls chopped onion, bit cf bay leaf, one teaspoonful salt, cayenne pepper and celery salt, three tablespoonfuls each butter and flour, one-half cupful cream ach in water thirty minutes through sieve, scald milk with onion and lay leaf, add butter and flour, cocked together, strain, add seasonings and spinach mixture minutes, and serve, garnished with beaten cream.
One-Piece Frocks
Boil all the ingredients for
0
Two
was
em-
# McCall
Cook spin-Press
to the boil and then cool, they will be found to last much longer without white Georgette burning or cracking.	|
worn a underblouse with loose flowing sleeves, the lower edges Watering Boston ferns with weak bound with rose color; the wide col-tea instead of water will cause them l®r was also bound with the rose. It
When lice was a charming little model because
7296
Cook five
Smart Flowered Voile
to thrive wonderfully appiM »>n ferns, stick some sulphur matches head down in soil.
in the ready-made garments lower portion of the skirt, the sleeve- war less jumper, wide cuffs and collar are generally made of the serge, and the to the war never produced a gun, a
the case may be.	shells greater than the total produc
These patterns may be obtained tlon of all the Government arsenals
Baked Apple Pudding.—Butter an
Slice into this
agate baking dish
tart apples enough tv fill the dish; sprinkle with salt and pour in two or three tablespoonfuls of water together a cup and a half of flour, three teaspoonfuls of baking powder and one-fourth teaspoonful of salt.
Into this work with the tips of the fingers three tablespoonfuls of butter.
Beat an egg, add three-fourths of a cup cf milk (scant measure), and stir into the dry ingredients thoroughly mixed spread over the Bake in a quick oven about
Invert the dish so as to ,	,	, , . i 1 *1 %
have the apples on the top. Serve Memory of Stealing an Apple Any.	J i A\\ X\	Complainant.	built or adapted. Our weekly output
brui mmssmmmm XSK
pan rub over the surfnm with * hit been done—the letter was written and shades in these linens. Many of	the lawyer m the face, kick him day there are 643,000. The total num
" '¦* *•» —¦ 1- - -.1.2—, “u”	, srsa tz •X'3,5L“” «-K
! to a shoulder voke and	in frora the floor Bnd hurl him Prostrate There are 471 different munition pro
loosely with ¦ Mt or »Vh of the ,—, . Uble.	' ' '	«• '«« -
A Rifflt Matter.	material as the frock. An especially
you at Miss Colder # ; pretty white linen on this order
made with a touch of black on the
*
For waterproofing boots and shoes, equal quantities of white wax, olive oil, and dectified lard, melted down make an excellent mixture but» a little oil of turpentine should also be added.
To wash brushes and combs, put a teaspoonful of ammonia into a basin of hot water and dip the brush up and down in it letting the comb remain in the water for a few minutes. Afterward rinse in cold water.
The vast majority of these previous
A FAMOUS ROAD
Sift
;v
It Runs Fourteen Hundred Miles
Through India.
I
¦	¦	¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦PM Everyone who has read "Kim” will
from your local McCall Dealer or from and great armament shops In existence agree with the New York Sun that the
The McCall Co., 70 Bond Street, at the commencement of the war Toronto, Ontario
\

\
Grand Trunk Hoed of Iqtiia Is by all means the most romantic highway In the world. That paper says of It :
A stately avenue of three roads in one—the centre of hard metal, the roads on each side ankle-deep in sib
Increase of Arsenals.

"Speaking In the House of Commons last year Mr. Lloyd George startled the country by saying that eleven new ar-
sh... H., h, pu.fwd	sjoftirti &SÜ1* sas
miles through the vast northern plain
<?
When
*
BY WAY OF ILLUSTRATION
REMARKABLE CONSCIENCE.
<
apple*
25 minutes

\


Two Anglers.
A barefoot boy,
A white birch pole;

A can of worms,
To
A ewimmin* hole, A baited hook,
A tug and swish; A steady haul,
A string of fish.
and cook, first on one side, then on the other, to harden the meat on the outside and thus keep in the juices.
Put the meat into the casserole with a dosen and a half pieces each of 1 ,n 1 carrot and turnip, cut in similar shap- receptions any more, old man.”
ed slices, cubes or triangles. Add a “No; she and I had a little differ- | collar an! sash
11 peeled onione, one •"<* of opinion.” t* hlespoonf jJ kitchen bouquet and a "Nothing serious, I hope.” reneroua pint of brown stock or boti-
Turning from the bewildered prose-	™rB Tn^munlU on* me king* b °t
plained mildly:	world^amen munition workers beat the
“Your honor and gentlemen, about tenth that hard!”
A white duck suit, A canvas boat;
A costly rod,
A patent float,
A gaudy fly.
Work of the Scientiste. Referring to glass Mr. KeUaway

one
The sash is quite smart just now cn all types of dresses, from the simple "Oh, no; only I thought ! was the serge to the afternoon taffeta or pon-
is	narrow, and made casa depends on his +y to take
dosen very
•aid

"The problem facing the Government is, first, to discover the formula of glasses, and having discovered It, to establish the Industry. It la fortunate
In the case of a photographer sue-
A pretty sight.
of things as they coma.
a e thought I wasn’t
ly in the
of the material of the dress,
about an
But nary flshl


###PAGE###7###
P
SILVER GLOSS
99
te
P)Æ
A©KIBS
0
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
;
i
(ED WABDSBURG)
m
1
"Silver Gloss" has been doing perfect starching in Canadian homes, for nearly 60 years. In one pound packages and six pound fancy enamelled tins.
THE CANADA STARCH CO. LIMITED
CARDINAL, FORT WILLIAM.
Laundry
Starch
m
Or The Sunlight of Love
!
other f
In Canada here we lugged a good cannot be properly cured deal behind the State» in silo struction for this.
CHAPTER II.—(Cont’d).	shrank back and uttered a cry of fear,	Corn for Silage.	I oiner iodrl
r&S?	-5.	ssttjs:	ta	r-;t£ ’tï-üû
u calm smile. 1 merely warn you ]augh:	yielding varieties of corn we can grow amount* to considerably more than
that you aie on the way to finding t' . ,	,	corn for silage just as well a* can our half a million dollar*. The following
yourself in the street, If I may be ^ Th^br.celt ^lll lu!" fit you ’ "«'^hor. to the south of us
allowed to speak out). Have another ^ relaxed his grin as he spoke and Th® "do has proved I In worth as ern grower should he of value in con cigarette, and spray	seme	patchouli	burne,j	tQ	Le	<,A(]a	j^as bet me i	the	y®ar,y	increases	in	the number	nertion with the problem of elimin
about the room.	There	are	more	lhat the new bracelet you	bought her !	of	Rcr,‘*	that	are	aee<ied	to	fodder	ating the waste due to the shipment
«1??» °r\\ta y0U "•/ anid'i *ft7 »» too small, Adrien," he expained co™ ,how-	.	.	of ^ain subject to a dockage on ac
:in. “ s ïïï&ï ;««[:,	«*"“«“ — «¦“"« z
In Mu* morning."	etou6‘
Goaded almost to desperation by the sneering sarcasm of Vermont’s words, the woman threw down her fork, thereby smashing a champagne glass, and thrust her angry, flushed countenance close to his.
"What’s your game?" she hissed.
“Are you playing with mo and Adrien?
erm than corn. In wet sea
Makers oj “Crow Brand" and "Lily White’’ Corn Syrups, and Benson's Com Starch.
MONTREAL,
BRANTFORD
235
strength for «praying. Before add- so the starch made in the leaves can ing to the water it may he necessary not go back to the roots tv> form to strain through a cloth to take out potatoes.
any lumps that might clog the nozzle. I Potatoes affected with this disease
Calcium arsenate, like lead arsen- have small spot; on the surface made
ate, will not burn the foliage and is up of germ masses, that* look like a
considerably cheaper than this poi- little soil stuck on the surface. The
son which has been favored so much difference comes out when one tries
of late years as a substitute for Paris to remove the spot. They do not
Green. Sodium arsenate, the poison- come off while soil will. This disease
ous principle, is about one-half the is also called russet scab and Rhizoc-
prlce of lead arsenate. Made as di- tonia. It is best not to save affected
reeled the cost for one barrel, or en- potatoes for seed.
ough to do two-thirds of an acre of
potatoes, is about twenty-five cents.
.	„	..	,	, r When applying it should be cons tantly
.... ,.	„	,	„ .. .A Mon,bor cleaner and ft flve- art.ted A a medv fo» , to
Adrien nodded indifferently; while time usua ly nearly all the n>ots horsepower engine to run it were pur- bugH it hag been used with unqualified
Ada, with a little	cry	of	relief,	ran	h^ve been used up and the mil given	chased and both mounted on on ex-	8UCCeagi	"Papa,"	said Jamie,	"the reason
towards him.	I the cows decreases in quantity r>e- tra strong wagon gear. A 15-foot	------- there’s so many laws is because there
i "Adrien, how good of you to cornel” cause ^py nru not* E^^ing sufficient ordinary grain elevator was attached	are so many lawyers in the legisla-
she exclaimed. "I did not expect «ucculent-if th^w are getting any at to the elevator spout to deliver the	Wlllt °taio UHease.	ture, isn’t it?"
you so	soon."	a^' When they are turned out to	grain into a wagon or bin, Another	The	little potato disease causes lit- "Yes,”	said his	father
Leroy did not seem to notice her,	Erafle the flow of m Ik may increase,	box wagon received the screenings	tie potatoes the size of a pea or a	yours now."
but looked round the room with evld-	but It will not be as plentiful as rf	(mostly broken and shrunken grain),	little larger to form on the potato	"Just one more question,	Papa,"
ent displeasure. The table, with its	they had sufficient succulent feed	The cost of the entire outfit, includ-	stems, and no potatoes form on the	said Jamie, "why are there so many
remains of supper; the stained cloth; , right along.	ing operation, repairs and interest on	roots. The reason is that this dis-	taxes when there aren’t any	tax War-
above all, the undesirable odor of Beef cattle that have to be finished	capital, was $1.195. The grower cal-	ease closes up the pores in the stem ! mists in the legislature?"
stale tobacco; all seemed to	on ^Tas8 a	dilates that he saved
fill him with disgust. Gently, but	they have been fed a liberal «mount	bushel crop 1,600 bushels of broken
firmly, he put Ada from him.	of> succulent feed all winter and then and shrunken wheat worth $960,
,	"Jasper," he said, burning to Ver-	bave to do without it for four or six	freight on which to the terminal ele-
Praps she ain’t fond mont »you know why j came. Give	weeks in the spring until the grass	vabor would have cost $220, and hauler scent or a pork chop or two and Miss’Lester the dee is of the Casket ** flt to carry them. .	age to the local elevator $64
she can have real statues of she likes Theatre. I am tired and am going ! Many farmers make the practice of thus has a profit of $49 ' ou dont remind him of	that,	do you?	borne.”	turning out all their stock early in	paid for itself in one year, and he
Oh, no of course not!	But you mind	with	a courteous	good-night to Ada,	the spring as soon as the frosb is out	BayH ig as. good as when it started,
your skin, Jasper, for you can’t play wh0| without attempting to thank °? the ground and the sod is suffi- This experiment, it is argued, fast ;iml loose with me. Shuffle him bim for his gift, stood scowling and ciently firm to carry them. This is proves that cleaning the grain on a on tv> the Constance girl, and 111 BUi]en^ he paased out of the room; * great mistake, as if suffeient silage {arge farm is practicable where make you pay for it. I know some- | whi]e Vermont loaned back against the on band great henefib would be de- has his own outfit. On a medium-thing you wouldn t like my lord to uble with folded arms and his in- rlved both by the stock and the pas- sized farm, where the threshing is
hear about; so, if you don’t want me evitable# but significant, smile on his ture lf the animalfl were kePt in for , hired out, ib could not be done in the to open my mouth and	split	on your	face	three or four weeks longer. When	cafle of grain hauled directly to mar-
little games, don’t you	play	me any	_______ turned out so early bhe young grass	ket. When the grain is stored on the
of your tricks, that s all, or I’ll go	ttt	does not get a fair chance and the farm before hauling, cleaning is prac
straight to Adrien and tell him all!"	CHAPTER III.	stock cannot get sufficient feed to ticable and advisable
She stopped, out of breath, and The night was bitterly cold; but, nourish them properly. The setback Jasper Vermont, springing to his feet, glared down at her in impotent fury.
But she only laughed at his angry face.
account of an experiment by a West
Ab
Sent to Bed too Late
"Bed for
Are you petting him against me? I know your artful tricks; but don’t? you play ’em on me, Jasper! What are you doing up at the Castle so often? \Making yourself pleasant to old Lord Barminster’s niece there, 111 be bound
Dominion Government Loan
He
The outfit
Are You Interested In Winning the War ?
one
If
Help the Government by investing a few thousand or a few hundred dollars in its new loan.
Ask us for particulars. We make no charge for our services.
The really
practicable way f<»r the whole conn-
disdtiiiur.f; a taxi for so short	a <lis-	that most cattle experience in the	^ry generally would be bhat the thresh-
tance, Leroy buttoned up his coat) and	spring on being turned	out to pasture	jng outfits should include a grain
strode swiftly along towards his is very largely due bo this cause.	cleaning attachment, as many of them
chambers in Jermyn Court, W. As Even if one grows more silage than now do a sheaf loading machine.
"Oh, no, you wouldn’t like Adrien to turned the corner of the square, can bo used during the winter no loss | Any ordinary threshing machine, if know how	you	fooled	poor	Julia,	l“* stumbled sharply over bhe	slight	The silage is	preserved just	fitted with proper screens and care-
though	it	is over	twenty	years	ago.	I	”^uro a K*1 L crouched near	one of	Rg fruj^ jH preserved	and will keep	fully operated, is capable of removing
haven’t forgotten, if you have, how door-steps, arub with his habitual yearg ag ]0ng as the air floes not many of the smaller weed seeds that you took her over to Paris while I was I courtesy, he stopped to see if any gC£ a% Even if the silo has been now constitute a considerable percent-
aw'ay on my first tour, and went ! "a™ ha<1 ,,een <lt,ne „	opened and some of the silage taken age of elevator screenings.—Seed
through some form of marriage with Hav? 1 hurt you . he asked gent- out the rest of the silage can be kept Branch, Ottawa.
You wouldn’t like him to	know	'**'*?'** his hand on her shoulder.	flafeIy by tramping it	well down and
how you told her what you’d	done,	z'1 hls tjo,,the *,rl 8t*rtcd UP	throwing some wetted	straw or chaff
when there was no longer need to j 1T,th,a .Cl!f of distress; and, as the on top to keep out the air. Some of, keep it dark from your father, and of ehawl fel,i hack fronJ head, Le- the 9iiage next the top will be some-the attack of brain fever it brought	roy wa8 al"1(^t sturt,C(i by the vivid	wbat epoiit, where the	air has got at
on, poor dear! You were a nice	brute , ,8?ln*8slof , bpauty*	it, but the rest underneath will
to her, you were, Jasper Vermont; Oh, she exclaimed in terrified ac- perfectly fresh.
HgEHEE in	=m
*	*	..	silence	but it often happens that during the ln one and a half gallons of hot
.S’hF? ‘-7X z:	An
Sri":
-I lirltT	thin»	for	„„„ ’•	and she had a slightly foreign air.	drym*r UP 8 8mnI1	P°rt,on of ailaKe	under way pour in the dissolved	sod-
Ada drvfv	g	?	’ rePeated Her eyes were brown, but as the light	should be fed, and	if no rain comes	ium arsenate and stir until all	the
“Wh-t h»vA von don. wi.h	of the gas-lamp fell full on her up- and the pastures continue to dry up slaking has ceased, adding more water
child’"	h!	LkJd	suddLlv	turned face, they showed so dark	the amount should	be gradually in-	if necessary to keep the lime	from
,	and velvety as almosb to appear black	creased until the stock are on prac-	burning Add four pounds of	the
Hih companions face lighted up whjle masses of dark hair clustered in tically a full ration of silage.	thick paste that results to forty gal-
with malicious triumph.	heavy waves round her forehead.	The silo can be used to preserve ions of water, which is the right
"I ve put her where you can’t find
her, anyhow,” she said. "You
sha n’t break her heart, as you did
her mother’s.”
"Oh, nonsense, Ada!” said Vermont contemptuously. "Don’t begin to rant—you’re not on the stage now.
I kept all my promises to you, at any rate. I got you on at the Rockingham and I introduced you to Leroy; and if you had only played your cards properly you would have hooked him by this time. As it is, he’ll marry his cousin, if you’re not careful.”
"If he does, it’ll be your faulb,” she snarled. "And I'll tell Adrien all, and how you're fooling him in other ways as well.”
Jasper sprang across the room, his face working with anger. There was something so deadly in the light of his dark eyes, such murderous hate in every line of hls face, that the woman
C. H. Burgess & Company
TBADEBI IAIK BUILD I WO
TOOONTO
her
Let every good Canadian apply for every dollar he can afford. We will handle application* without any charge.
Cheap Substitute for Paris Green
This year Paris Green is selling at three or four times its ordinary price, but there are other insect poisons >e that are quite as effective and much cheaper that can be substituted for it.
11,000 Invested in these bonde will be repaid on maturity by the Russian Government with what will produce In Canadian money approximately 11,160. and a good half-yearly Interest In the meantime Both Bonds and Coupons can be cashed ln Toronto. This le the safest and most llgltlmate of all the great war profits, and occurs through the technical condition of Russian exchange produced by this war. Write or telephone for circular fully explaining
EDWARD CRON Y N & CO.
ii
OBOVTI BUILDING, TOBOVTO
ONE M 1111.


AK
V,vv/
« fy;

%

f
v>
I.

",
'))
1
Unconsciously Leroy raised his hat as he repeated his question. She shook her head at him as he bent over her. but made no reply.
"How is it you are out on such a night as this?” he asked. “Have you no home? Where do you live
“Cracknell Court, Soho,” she replied, in tones singularly free from any trace of Cockney accent.
“With your parents?” queried Leroy, feeling for some money.
“No,” said the girl, her red lips quivering for a moment. "Haven’t got any—only Johann and Martha— and they don’t care.”
"Who is Johann?” said Leroy, with an encouraging smile.
"I don’t know,” she answered listlessly. "He’s Johann Wilfer, that’s all.” .
"Johann came home drunk and der, her dark eyes closed trustfully
She pushed back her ragged shawl wind cut with the force of a knife; and held up her arm, on which bruises but his face was very thoughtful as he
Leroy approached his chambers.
“What else can I do?” he asked

Adrien Leroy hurried on, for the
so I ran out.”

• •


showed up cruelly distinct, uttered an exclamation of anger "You poor child!” he said almost tenderly. "What can 1 do for you?
If I give you money-----”
"Johann will take it and make me beg for more,” she interrupted; and
Leroy withdrew his hand from his over bo that drunken brute
pocket, fearing this to be but too true, no help for it! ’	__________
"Wil you go home, if I take you? ” It evidently never occurred to him he began.	to turn back and deliver her into the
The girl shook her head, and drag- charge of Miss Lester ged the old shawl closer round her thought that would have been greater shivering body.	cruelty than to have left her in the
"Nbt till morning, • she said de- streets, cidedly. "I shall be all right then.” Having reached he block of build-"But you 11 freeze to death here!’ Ings in which were his own rooms, She laughed harshly.	Adrien walked up the stairs
"I wish I was dead,” she said, with	opened a door on the first floor
an earnestness thab made Leroy’*	the hall a light was burning, held	by	a
heart ache, as he thought of her ex statuette of white marble; and Leroy, treme youth and saw the bitter de-1 after gently setting the girl down	on
spair in the grcnb dark eyes.	her feet, led her into his study.
He drew himself up sharply	as The room in which she found her
if he had decided on his course of self was not lofty, but the ceiling was action.	exquisitely painted, while from the
"I cannot leave you here,” he said four comers hung electric lights quietly, "and money is of no use to | ’neath delicate shades. The furniture you to-night Will you come with was rich in color, and solid as befitted me?” He held out his hand am he a man’s room, while on the walls spoke, and, without a word, the girl were a few rare engravings. A cou-roee wearily and laid her own cold one pie of gun-cases in one comer and a
They proceeded thus. In veritable stock of fishing implements silence, for the length of the square; in another showed that Leroy was not but Leroy soon saw thab, whether unaccustomed to sport; it was one of from cold or from hunger, the girl's hie man Norgate’s complaints that he steps were growing feebler and more warn not allowed to pack them away,
Without further ado, he hub must leave them there, does at
himself. “She is such an innocenb child. Can I take her to my rooms without injury to her poor shred of reputation ? Yet no houses are open at this hour, and I cannot hand her
There’s
']

Indeed, he
"Why have you run away, then?”
Is pure refined Parowax. It keeps the tumblers absolutely air-tight. Keeps the jellies free from mold and fermentation.
and
In
JfiV
?
L THE BRIG
WAY
T

i.'D/wouhix?
Æ	PURE REFINED PARAFFINE
gives the liest results with none of the trouble. All you have to do is pour melted Parowax over the tumbler tops and the preserves will keep
Parowax is absolute insurance
ï
1
K
n n e I y
against fermentation of any sort FOR THE LAI MIRY
labels for its use in valuable service in washing.
At grocery, department and general stores everywhere.
WHITE
is
See directions on Parowax
Shoe
TAN
in him
es
THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
Limit
picked her up in hie arms, wrapping hand, Juat as Leroy might want them
I It wae not these, however, that held "We are nearly there,” he said re- .the girl’s attention ao Arodly, but the aasuringly, "and you are as light as a cut Venetian glass on the inlaid cables t her.”	I inets and the gold ornaments on the
She Isy back, perfectly content, her carved Florentine mantel.
(To be continued).

her shawl more warmly round her
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
KEEP YOUR SHOES
F. F. DAL LET GO. OF CANADA. LTD . HAMILTON, CANADA
head pressed against hi# broad shoul-

###PAGE###8###
FOR SALE
Shop Here For
ASTRAY IN THE AIR
i
Tie Sliawville Boot and Sloe Store
Year old Shrophiie Haul, rvg.
Some Ham Uinlis,
1 Durham Hull Calf.
ApoIv to.
.105. BROWNLIX
H. 11. No. 2. Sliawville
Wedding Gifts.
Perils For the Aeroplane Pilot When He Loses His Way.
LIVE POULTRY WANTED.
When you get an invitation to a wedding and you am undecided as to what form the gift will take, please feel free to come into this store to look around ; it will help you to make up your mind as well as to give you some idea of the amount of money you wish to spend.
It is not a matter of PRICE with us, but rather we try to stock QUALITY, and sell SATISFACTION,
Now L the time to dispose of FACING THE DIVE TO DEATH.
your Old 1 UK NS before the	^ _______
young stock comes on the market, |
and the price drops. The Shaw- j When the Machine Gets Into e Cloud
\ ill. Kg g Vii rir i~ in i position to handle Live Kowl on Tuesday of vieil week.
ih ing us your fowl and wo will try and give you satisfaction.
W. K. N. liODGINS.
It Ha* a Tendency to Fly In Circles, md When It Strike! a “Bump* It Takes a Dangerous Plunge or Dip.
In Table Silver you will find here a wonderfully complete line of Gift Things that are particularly useful and not expensive. If it id Via ted Wares you decide upon, W. Roger» will give almost the same service as Sterling.
Wlmt must be the sensations of the aeroplane pilot gone astray In midair, traveling at more than express train speed ? Fur, far below the Odds ami villages and roads dash past; raving there between heaven and earth, with |	that	hour's
Applica-1gasoline remains aboard; then, unless | for yourself ¦ a suitable landing ground shows up, a dive to certain death!
As most people know that on account of the recent great advances in the prices of shoes, that they must pay a fair price to get quality and satisfaction.
SHINGLES FOR SALE.
We will assist you in any way we can, and not urge that you should make a purchase. We feel that this is a matter you can decide
A car-load <>t first quality New Bruns wick cedar .shingle*. Price on
*
PHONE 54.
II. T. ABOVE,
Shawvilk
What does the face of the earth look like viewed from above? The first glimpse over the side Is apt to he both curious and bewildering. There, jumbled together In peculiar and Irregular masses, are houses. Bonds wind and turn and run into one another on nil hands. Railways appear from entirely unexpected directions. The topography appears to be wholly different from that shown by the map. Towns appear so small and the open country so extensive In proportion. One's view covers such a wire area of pygmy buildings clustering around and intersected by white ribbons of roadways and long, narrow, gleaming lines of railway
trac ks.
The earth Is one large color scheme, in which the blue of the rivers and lakes, the green of the fields and open spares and the gray of the plowed and cultivated land predominate, splashed here and there with the red and white and black of the villages and towns.
After an altitude of 2,100 feet has
H. SHADBL
’
But despite the advances we are still selling good shoes at reasonable prices, but our advice is BUY NOW as they are bound to go higher.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
The Shawville Jewelery Store.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday,
We Can Supply You
. . . COME IN . . .
and let us talk it over with you.
. . WITH ALL KINDS OF
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Your patronage Solicited.
Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm
• 0
First Friday,
1
5
Last Monday,
of each month.
P. E. SMILEY.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
Lieut. Gerald IX Murphy of the 28th,.	. . .
.11	1	Hat talion, a prisoner of war at Reserve *•» rv“cl,cd tbc wbole	lf fe1r'
\ our family have k en pleading with	\ .lZ;m.tt Hospital Svhule Ten Julivli	fev,,-v tint in appearance.	hill and dale
you tor years. Sitting for a portrait is	|V! Am-iIch, Germany, lias written his	being of the same level.	This matter
a matter of minutes only -the same	father as follows • "	of Indistinguishable contour 1» one of
\otir friends can buy anything you vtHeient methods yon demand in your “I am wounded and a prisoner of war ,he greatest existent dangers to aerial
ran give them except your photograph, business are observai in ours. Make an at t]k. ai,ovv a,Mre^ am doing nieelv ! “«'Ration and goes far to nullify the
Don t put oft until to-morrow, have a api^intnient to-day ? II. Imison.	„ml exi-ect to lx- sent 'to a prison camp. K°ud effects of the altimeter, ns that
sitting to-day. 11. Imison.	-------------------I \, v	\s not very severe two I Instrument only reeonls height above
of Smith's Falls, died on Friday daring American aviator who will and was written <m the lMIi of June. , *\r /' 0 p ,Dt 1 ract e ls' morning last, following	a	stroke of	(five an aeroplane exhibition of	The 28th Battalion, V. E. F. ,,,	a ,uw' M>:|
paralysis,	received	on	Thursday	looping the loop. He will loop the	the enga emvnt at Hooge, near Ypres in
evening.	loop each afternoon and evening France on the fith of June, when com- *“e surface of the earth present the
,,	.	,,	. , during the fair, the looping the panics A. ami 1». of this battalion were,8ame danger and the same risk to the
t ?'V*	,!\UhAlKili- !l>i ‘i "I loop htdng an essential of his eon- practically wij»ed out and Lieut. Murphy l,llot of the nir ns do iliC rock* aild
Landry, "no "as wounded at tract as the fair management de- was taken Prisoner	shoals In the bosom of the ocean to the
\ pi *es m June.and w In • -nice t lien |cJded t Imt an ordinary aeroplane	9	1 navigator of the seas
lias been in the hospital in Lag- nsocnsion would not he sufficient.	n	' When a pilot has lost his way In elsewhere,
land, wrote to hi- mother a short ^t night a powerful searchlight	Card of Thanks.	1 cither fog or cloud there Is a tendency
ST SSf? -
IlS811I;lil $|*
of Edmonton, says that hi- son Iront of th-grand-tai.d. Madame	~~	*--	( and pilot, have rcpor cU drop, of a.
Ernie, who was wounded at Yores Farley will descend by parachute fop XEHYR-SIIATTKKKD MLN mueh ns JOG feet nt n time June 3, is now out of the hospital, first and later Mr. Farley will descend by a series <>f parachute d i
Local and District.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Menu-
Thus the differences in altitude of
ments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
of this district,
purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
AM Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
MOTHERS !
Climbing higher to between 3.000 and 10,000 feet, clouds tire encountered, and these nre, If anything, more dangerous the	Once lu
Ontario has again c ornito the | cloud, nn utopltM India ves much In
the same way as n ship on a stormy sen, and should It get Into n “nose ;it_dive" when in n cloud it very rarely recovers Its equilibrium, and the result Is usually fatal.
A pilot when engaged on a long cross country flight before leaving tho ground draws a line on his map from
A ini is well, with the exet ption ot his left eye, the sight of which he almost lo-fc. Another -on (Jason) has been in the trenches since May. If the weather keeps line, our friend says there will be a good crop harvested in Kd mon ton district.
Ontario Provides a Hospital for S«*I diets Suffering Kioto Shock.
tI

te vaudeville features, nearly all of which have been leading acts
at the New York Hippodrome, front In n most taneible way in con will also provide thrill- as well n*|nection with the war. This time 1 entertainment and laughter. The 19 not *ith a Rift of mor. y tiare devil Vein will ascend to a tho equally practical and n high platform from whit h he will wa>* °f raring for those whoj A note from Mr. Kd. Graham, ride clown an incline of 170 feet, faring through tbs Foxwam n, Manitoba, who H just leaping over a double gap in a Rccognliing that the war nas prorecovering from a two month-' ill ! loop the loop. The Santev Bm-.,i(loccd special conditions among tho
ness, contains the following re- also provide a sensational whirl- disabled soldiers, the Canadian Horn-	,
ferenee to the crop pro-pert- out ing act. Other act-include : The pltnls Commission has arranged with the point of departure to the point at there: "\Ve have -truck t lie ru-t La da I le (omiuiie-, in aerohatie 1 ’a» Ontario (Jovernmont, through the • which he Intends to alight, mentally in this district and it has almo-t stunts; Hire, Klmer and Thou ms,, Department of the Pruvlncirl secro- noting any prominent objects which totally destroyed our wheat.	NVe	three -ailors in a carnival of fnn :	fary* to establish a military	h;	pltâl	will rcvealt hemaelv es eu route,
he dr>,10 acres that would have gone	Morris and Morris in a laughable	for the treatment of ment.l	an I	Towns and villages are naturally the
90 bushels to the mere ; now it burlesque cab met ; the Four Kings, =hock ea*. s.	most prominent features in the topog-
w on t do better than in bushels, the cleverest people on the road in 1 >: ,::H Pn’P°s‘ die pr< - nt hos- raphy of the cnith. To their shape of poor quality." This gives a	fair	a wonderful wire act ; the I )amil>e	!,; 1 :<M ,,u‘nial diseases at	t )	oui g	nnd formation particular notice	must
idea of wlmt the loss to the	pro-	Hrothers, a bar and ca-ting act ol	8* l‘\ *’ ‘ convert» d i :i » a	m.	hat>	^ given; also where and how	they
vince generally will be, although unusual merit.	108p,t‘	1 a 8t:l“ a:	are divided by roads, rivers or rail-
Mr. Graham's report seems to in-	—	?	—	\	. A.	.vt Y! :*! T)\: ini.za’ ways Is of the utmost Importance.
&d£Chsplain of 217#. j;	SASm£ S
, will received Into an Institution P°lnt °f v*ew* ®re *heets of water.
specially maintained to give them 1 Hallways arc always extremely use-j proper treatment.	So far as Is ful guides and can easily be d 1st In-
known, Ontario Is the only Province gulshcd from ns great nn altitude as where such an innovation has been 10,000 feet. The rails gleam In the attempted, and it Is regarded by sun on a bright day, and the track Is • those who are familiar with the wast- | usually very straight. n«'t age produced by the present war as to one of the most needed branches of lUtta- the medical service, strength The Cobourg hospital will be made trv Imln, Immediately available by the transfer of some 180 female patients to , the new institution at Whitby. Special equipment ruch as continuous J baths, vapor baths, electro-therapeu- ,
Uc baths and other apparatus will be aeroplane in much the same way as 11 Installed at Cobourg, while detached currents and tides affect the ship at ' buildings will be erected from time sea. often causing It to drift n long 1 to time to provide for an increased way from the true course, and this has V accommodation up to 500 patients, to lie allowed for when using the com-The staff will be selected from the j pass. Finally, the secret of accurate . most competent In the various In- serial navigation Is the strictest atten-itltutione of the Province, and should ##** to detail and topography nod the
tho demand warrant it, part of the concentration of the mind on the sub-new hospital at Whitby can also be
How about your Boys’ Clothing ?
School will be starting again in the very near future and your boy will need some new clothes.
• \
tl

9
We were never so well prepared as we am now with a full and complete range of Boys’ Suits, Extra Pants, Sliiits, Underwear, Sweaters, Caps, Hosiery, etc., at prices that will suit your puise.
m

®$

Another bml fire «went over Tl three of the oldest -et tied town-1 ships of New Ontario on Tuesday dated W
of last week, burning up praetic- with intendhy his uuiuermi* acquaint tieally everything in its path, and j had it not been that the wind changed, it i« «aid nothing could have saved New Li-keard. Fortunately heavy rains came on Thursday, and checked the fires further progrt
mers have lost both buildings and crops and they with their families are homele-s. Sad to relate, al«o, at least twelve people lost their lives. One woman and lier six | and I d* children peri«lied in an old r<xjt house.
f II
mg

V
Rev
J. A. Macf
ei
wiMhl, Sa-k., will U

V
>
in this section
UK
“ You might send tl iddrvss till fnrtlivr n
Equity V
I d

Iterrumber wo cater to Men’s ami Bojs’ Clothing nnd Furnishings only, and therefore carry only the best at lowest price*.
f
The most convenient nnd the most Interesting (from a purely observational point of view) height nt which to fly on m long cross country trip Is 2.000 feet, for holow that height one Is apt to feel the effect of “bumps," or of “blasting fumades," or of tall factory chimneys. The wind affects the
1
l
n I may have t
11
\\
t
217th. t
Vlxmt 110 fat
up t

It i* mainly
Lia
it ter harvest

n km

"'J
I
are a pretty liti-ky ho regarde* Lut ( amp 11
<ler if we w<



lid
le this

I
is at tl t hat 1



Ottawa Fair Notes
Now that the various railway lilies have announced specially ic-
Fxliibitinn at Ottawa from Sept.
0 to 15. it i« certain that many l>eople from Shawville and district will again attend this exhibition which is the largest in Eastern Canada and which this year promises to lx? exceptionally fine. Fl oui t he -tan<l|Niint of imfiisti id. agricultural and live -tockdisnlay*, this fair has attained a remarkably
a I- F
FOR SALE
Call in and see our Goods
before buying.
duced

Ject In bond
i ¦ • Yillag- I.
reef, Shawville, op|*«ite the M 1 hnr< h.
Farm IV»|«crtvMi I, ninth of Shawville Cemetery 3
ia\\ IN arrem	bud»* \
on Main used.
taa
In making use of the facilities of the Province for this work the Canadian Hospitals Commission Is not divesting itself of any responsibility.
The Word Bible.
The word Bible furnishes a striking Instance of a word's rise from very ell The arrangement with the Ontario I low to high estate. To the bulk of Government provides for a fixed si- j English speaking folk It now means low a nee per day for each patient. In 1 lhe |>< x>g of books. In Chancers dsy It his way a large capital expenditure i mennf flD. hook whatever or scroll—to Is avoided on the one hand for the	¦
.Dominion, and there will be no de-ay In commencing treatment for those men who are now on their way to Canada or will be immediately Ien,,t .lent here. __ . _- .. _ _i ________ I ^£‘-i
53
XII

X


w IP
and
fi
I in 191

iUc llrn k R
\
•peak by the card lest equivocation modo us
ARCHIE DOVER
high -tandard nnd the entri ready ensure tl,»r flc'IHH standard will be maintained bull» quantity n	ility.
The program of -jovial
Tracing the word Bible ne.-we find It as bubloe. but ne for the papyrus reed of
11
Ml Kill
•tfi
R. W HODOÎX8,
Mia w ville. Qua,

attrac

