###PAGE###1###
y

o
No. ‘22, 34rii Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, O U K
THURSDAY, NOV. 23, 1910
51.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
Tfie Merchants Banl\ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE j
ESTABLISHED 1874
- Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000.000 4.006,304 66,000.000
Efttablifthcd 1864
Head Office
Capital Paid Up Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
I
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT . .. Sir H. Montagu Au.an VICE-PRESIDENT .	. K. W. Hla. kwki.l
MANAGING DIRECTOR	E. F. Hkmukn
GEN. MANAGER ..	. II.U.Macarow
f
HAY WIRE
Board of Directors :
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets.......................
236 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
Muncy advanced on sale note-, and for stock feeding purpose*
$7,000,000 . 7,200,984 86,190,400
HON. GEORGE BRYSON
JOHN B. ERASER
»
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, ALEXANDER MACLAREN, RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY
R. C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
Vice-President
Coil Hay Wire $4.75 per hundred
D. M. FINNIC, Asst-General Manager W. DUTHIR, Chief Inspector.
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Savings accounts can be opened a* well by mail ss in person, on which interest is allowed on balances of $1.00 and upwards.
Cut
5.35
ii
61
Fort Coulonge Branch • J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager.
Portage da Fort Branch • G. M. COLQUHOUN, Act. Manag
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
w. F. DRUM A. A. REID
(1
1
We would advise early buying, wire is scarce, and price advancing.
Manager, Shawville
i
( "hri.stmas Cards for soldiers overseas. Beautiful designs, to send to our brave lad* doing their bit
See our lines of overcoats, caps, underwear, sweaters and heavy |>ants for win-
Mt KRAY BlOS., Shawville.
First real appearanee of Winter in this section—Nov. 15, 10 and 17. Try and remember this next year.
A Christmas tree will be held on Thursday, 21st of December, in connection with St. Paul's Sunday School.
The rectors bible cla*» of St. Paul's Sunday School will be photographe at Imison's Studio on Saturday of this week.
The Presbyterian Ladies’ Aid will hold a Food Sale on Saturday, the 25 inst., beginning at3 o'clock, in Mr. C’a hi well’s Sample Room, Main St.
The work meeting of the Shawville II. M. Club will be held at Mrs. Geo. Findlay's on Thursday evening of this week.
Manager, Quyon
l have some choice fruit picture* flamed complete ; also a large assort ment of picture frame mouldings. Bring in your pictures Wore they get soiled and have them framed. II. Imison.
H. IM ISON
HENRY’S
“Canada’s Best”
ter
Personal
COWLING
Miss Alva Turner visited friends in Ottawa last week.
Mrs. (ïe<). A mm, Quyon, visited friend in town over the week-end.
Mrs. John Relslier returned home
Ottawa. Ont.
J. H. SHAW.
OTTAWA,ONT
Our instruction being individual you may start at any lime.
We arc HEADQUARTERS for Short on Friday lant from Milly, Saak.. !mni4;. Typewriting, Penmanship. Spell
Messrs. Alf Cullen. Armen Hod- Since January. 1913, more than 266 gins mid Hilton Findlay, who “tudent* from other local colleges have
rLr,tf!nl' it '"W*	J0SntudeUntrsl' a^.Mste.l to position,,
elusions, let'll lit d home Saturday More than 116 were placed during the
night.	past year-most of them in the Govern
(i. A. Howard returned from a m,in1, ^vn,t for circular, three-weeke* bnsinesa trip to Sn-k-	HENRY, Presidint.
a telle wan on Thursday last says the North Clarendon |>eople who are settled at Milly and neighborhood, arc all succeeding well,, ...	.	.	..	,	.
and in a fair way to make money. Vl e on ^Rtfday, Nov. 1H, a leather
pome containing $18 two fives and
MEMORIAL SERVICE two-doUar bill. ami some other ptptre.
r muer will lie rewarded by leaving it at
To the Late Duncan B. Draper, this office
H is proved itself to be Canada's Best Ilusiness. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examination* of May lost.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gow 1 logs Advocate.
W. E Gowljkc President.

E

W. A. HODGINS
H. G. W. Bn A ITU WAIT Principal.
SHAWVILLE
(’or. Bank and Sparks St*
He
Miss Hazel Ballantyne
Pl’Rsf Lost. Somewhere in Shaw
FOR SALE-A
mpmn of good work horses, will take in exchange cjlt-e or stock ; also Barred Rock cockerels, from a good laying strain, price $1 each. Apply to J. C. Have*, Shawville.
(Graduate Toronto Conservatory of Music)
XMAS. GROCERIES
SHAWVILLE—The Manse BRISTOL—McLeod’s Hotel
The Methodist Church was filled Christmas ( alcndara and greeting for
wmmm eae
that neighborhood who are at the front. A good time was spent' > and the tidy sum of	was n
taken in for the purpose named.
At St. Paul's Church on Sunday evening instead of the usual sermon, the congregation listened to a very able and impressive address from Rev. Mr. Crawford, representative of the B. and F. Bible Society for Ottawa distrietHi speaker dealt with% the several branches of the work in which the Society is engaged, namely, the world at large, the work in Canada, and also among the soldiers of all nations. The statistics given were both interesting and instructive, and the magnitude of the operations that aVc being carried on, no doubt were a surprise to many who perhaps have given the subject little thought.
Following the evening service at the Methodist Church ford gave an interesting Biblical address, illustrated with lime light views, at which there was a large attendance.
V/ANTED—Someone to undertake the cutting of 200 cords f ft wood. Apply at once to David T. 1101 )c»i.vs. Brick Yard.
KOH SALE—Two comfortable dwelling houses, situated on King St., on easy terms. For information apply to Thk Equity.
Secure your requirements early
Our Grocery Department is full of good things for holiday baking
A “ Scotch Social " will be given Bristol Corners, on St. Andrew'** night, Nov. doth, by the ladies of that place
cents. Proceeds to go to Patriotic and Red Cross causes.

\dmission 25 and 15
APPRENTICE WANTED—A smart intelligent hoy to learn the jewellery business. Must have good references. Apply to Hans Shadkl. Jeweller, Shaw, aille. Que.

!
)
1
• i
F.^
Christmas Entertainment
A Christmas Tree entertainment w;i! Ik* held at the Bristol Presbyterian (Brick) Church on Friday, Dec. 2%nd, at 7.30, p. in. Splendid program. Two Christmas *
15 cents. Besides tho regular Christina*-Tree for the Schools, there will ! c t White Gifts Tree for the Day Nursery of Ottawa, for which all may bring gifts.
TO RENT Two comfortable rooms in private dwelling house in Shawville, Would be suitable for dress maker. Apply to Rox Vi, Shawville.
Five Roses Flour
Cranberries, Apples
Lemon, Orange and Citron Peels
Fine Cut Mixed Peels in Packages
Ground Spices
Flavoring Extracts
Ammonia and Oil of Lemon
Cocoa and Chocolates
Soda, Cream of Tartar
Tartarine, Honey
Baking Powders
Tho
f"
Admission 25 and
FOR SALE
2 pure-bred Leicester Raid Lambs. W. Nellis Holm.ins, Shawville.
;
FOR SALK - 1 year old and 1 two-year old colts. Both sound and well develop ed, Apply to Roy Di it, Maryland.
r
Tho order of service wa* ns fui
lows
Hymn No DO.
Prayer—Rev. Mr. McCall uni. Solo—“Best of All”—Mrs. Tiipp Script me reading-Cor. II, chap 0—Rev. Mr. Tripp,
Hymn No. 01 —4
FOR SALE -1 two-year old pure bred Leicestershire Ram. For further ¦¦ ticulai* apply to Geo. G. Hoixjinh.
par
Mr. l-rau
FOR SALK-A dwelling house, situât ed on north side of Main St., Lot No. 8t$
I ,.,i iz in/llv I Shawville. A good summer kitchen, Gcal! J*Ivi'Uy horse stable and well, in connection—
illy located. Mus. K K M« Vi vi
In keeping with the solemnity ___^	__ of the event, the sacred edifice,
Tl,,	in -Mi- Iron.I
M y ii
Light
The
lias tor then lightly
t ached to tin* archway on thelupon tns circumstance* which had I pONCRETECULVIRTb, pipes and
right of the c hoir, appeared a list called the large assemblage to-, y curbings for wells sold at Works
hailing from Shawville gether, remarking, that in the Contract* made with Municipalities to
manuf	re Pipes In their own I.K-alitie
H. T McDowell & Son. Shaw ville Que.
touched
the Ottawa district have been
raswaara a rp&
mi mm p™
George Nicholson and Robert hil(lF,_ The latter was well known here, having been brought up by Mr. John A. Armstrong, formerly of the Till line. “Bobby", as he was familiarly called, was small of stature—rather undersized — and this proved quite an impediment to his being accepted for service ; • bnt by pen-everencc he got there, alas, only to share the fate of many other gallant boys who were anxious to serve their country.
Another name, w hich appeared on the same date n« that on which Duncan Draper's death was announced, is that of James Sheehan who enlisted last fall at the same time. James was nut a native of Routine, but he anient some time in ?his locality, having been employed with Messrs. McChillotigh and The pastor. Rev. F. Tripp, was other farmers in North Clarendon, assisted in the impressive service He was well-known In Shawville. by Rev. Mr. McCalltim, of the Walter F. McKibben, son of the Presbyterian congregation. Rev. late 9am McKibben, of Eardley, is A. T. Phillips, w ho fully intended also reported among the killed ; I being present, regretfully sent and a young man named Coles, word shortly before the hour of who lived for some years in this l service, that another unexpected section, ie mentioned as wounded. |call, unavoidably kept him away.
Crisco
Pickles
Seeded Rasins Seedless Rasins Currants Sliced Walnuts Sliced Almonds Pulverized Sugar
35
OLD FALSE TEKT1I WANTED. - Wo pay up to $5.00 full or broken sets. Mall to us and we will make oiler. If not «satisfactory will return teeth. City Tooth Works 506 Chamber of Commerce Bldg. Rochester. N. Y.
30
An address from Rev. Mr. Me-Cal him followed, in which In* dwelt chiefly upon the glory and the honor which attached to the memory of those who had given their live* in a worthy cause.
Rev. Mr. Tripp in alluding to
the deceased soldier said he had After a lingering illness from given his life in defence of those internal cancer, which was attend-great principles upon which was ed with much suffering, Miss Mary leased the democracy of Christian Ann Smith, daughter of the late faith and Christian teaching, as opposed to Prussian autocracy, and all the infamies and atrocities which it countenanced and foster
with
13
<
15
OUR DEAD
Deaths
20
IkVIN WlLKIK
50
II. V. AM>fck*4>N
50
Da vu» Hor*'.in*
John Smith of Green l^ake section, passed away on Thursday night
last, at the residence of her brother Win S., on Centre street, to which ed. Prussian ism by its butchery he and deceased with their aged and maiming of defenceless wo- mother removed only a few weeks men, its inhuman treatment of ago. The surviving relatives be-prisoners, it* torpedoing of ;*%*- wide* those mentioned are wenger vessels, contrary to all re- thers George M., Campbell* Bay cognized usage* of war, resulting Herbert, Shawville and John A in the loss of many lives, had Edmonton ; also sisters Mrs. \V violated every precept of Christ’s Ifordleld. Clarendon ; Mrs. James religion. Christ taught the doc- Amro, Quyon; Mr* Jas Belsher. trine of peace and love, whereas y arm.
the Prussian dextrine was one of The funeial took place Satur hate.	day afternoon to St. Paul's Church
The singing of Hymn No. G32 and cemetery, many old friends followed by the benediction and acquaintance* of the family, brought the memorable service to following the remain* to their la*t a close.	resting place.
12
A*a Horner
AVilmer Armstrong
You always get BEST GOODS and BEST VALUES here.
•I a Mr** Sheehan
Hi ' »
Dvncan B. Draper


W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
MOST NAKED FORM I
OF PROFITEERING j
i
GILLETTS LYE
WEDDINGS IN LONDON
harder matter to be brave than she course; hut the rest was for May
alone.

had thought
Day after day she scanned with There IVtie Owf 58,090 of Tic* I'*"
lin'd in 1015.
“A VERY GALLANT
GENTLEMAN.”
When the Strathmore Highlanders eager, feat -touched eyes the dread had been gone from thp great home list in the daily paper, where every camp some ten days, and the sunshine roldivr's name meant the broken —! of early autumn was still bright, Roy heart of some woman who had waited old-fashioned Davidson, choosing his hour carefully, hopefully, helplessly at home. And
called on May and asked her to marry then one day it was ju. t at the l>v
Marriage rate—Highest on record.
Birth rate—still falling.
Those are among the most interesting points brought out in the report for 1915 of Dr. W. H. Hamer, Medical Officer of Health for the Coûnty of London, England.
The number of marriages registered in London was the highest ever recorded—68,846, as compared with 43,378 in 1914 and 41,409 in 1913. The increase over 1914 is 34 per cent., but
as the corresponding increase for the titles his article on^l	I
rest of England and Wales is only lions published in the London Times 20 per cent., there is reason for “The Potato Trick; Rich Against thinking that a considerable number Poor." It charges that the poor of of these marriages may not properly Germany have been sold rotten potn-helong to the Ix>ndon population. toes with Government connivance.
The estimated “civif population” “The difficulties of the cynical t cannot he used for calculation of the group who are the real rulers of ferrate, since the males married include many have increased,” he writes, a number of men on service, but tak- One of the countless sources of anx-, ting the probable population of 4** iety has been the harvest of the very
! £,a ïzJît.'S sr. w : ravraustit
^And you love him?"	das said. “It was far better to warn The birth rate shows a further fall, by the rich.	the French army too highly? ask* the
“Ye*--	her Just go in Alan "	; from 26.0 in 1909-13 and 24.3 in 1914 “Slowly the food situation in Ger- Manchester Guardian. It began bad-
“Would I have had a chance if he Five minutes’later the magic joy <o 23.6.	many has grown worse month by ,y_ ,	p,a„, of campaign were un-
hadn't asked you first?"	of reunion was over. The first soft The increasing tendency to marry month I would ask my readers i sound> and> in addition, the Germans
She shook her head. Gentle as a tears shed upon her hero's empty later in life Is another factor which to build false hopes, tins isan accu had an immense lead in numbers, in rule, she felt no gentleness towards 1 sleeve, May sat listening to him while is examined. “The effect of post- rate statement; nothing approatm g „,eir mobilisation arrangements and this man, of whom she had heard he spoke.	ponement of marriage has hitherto actual starvation exists	In most important branchea of the
much that was evil and but little that "There's something I want you to ; been considered mainly from the of Germany. Thus far I have disco mechanics of war. But after the was good.	know to-night—now, dear," he said Pomt of view of its relation to the ered no child without milk. I believe opening passages it recovered with
“No,” she said. "There would never gravely. “I’m alive and back here ¦ duration of marriage," Dr. Hamer the infant death rate is less than m ^maxing rapidity. Th» strategy of have been a chance. 1 could never I with you because another gave his life *uy8. “and insufficient allowance has time of peace. No German is witno the Marne was in subtlety the finest have cared for the tvpe of man who | for mine. I'm not going to give you been made for what might be termed a sufficiency of some kind of nourisn thing in thc war. and on the Nancy skulks at home in safety while his [ details of that engagement when I the physiological effect."	ment to carry on existence.	front thc French, under Gen. Castel-
brothers are giving their lives for went down; they’re too ghastly. But The London Chronicle comments	Weak and Delicate Suffer.	nau, were about the same time ex
their country. You have no ties to just this you must know—the man | as follows on conditions:	“The weak and delicate are suffer- hibitlng qualities of stubbornness in
keep you from joining the Army, and who saved me, who, while he was “ n'*l>" be urged that if the decline . and tbere js „ great amount of defence that we sometimes like to yet you don't join. You are a coward wounded himself, carried me a half- m European birth rate be largely nat’jona| irritability caused by low think of as distinctively British coward!"	mile under fire into our own lines and attributed to emigration, the coun- dkt but everybo(1y is getting along Then followed during the winter a
asr-v i~=isiü
“So I am a coward!" he said, his whisper, and I had strength enough to years, and as H P. Fairchild notes, dictum about not fooling all of the to do at this tioae in the highest in-
z , « .*»¦	1	%% rtr of -dm - j "S
come	face	to	face	some	day!	Pray,	me. ‘I loved her, and I've saved	you	”"***";ttmjrMn'of this great exo- „An aVominable	deception was	estimated its power	by forcing the
then, girl, that I may be a coward!" for her. Love was stronger, after all. «“¦	®	? k ° a » dtclpractised upon the public with the enemy s position, and it suffered very
Dazed, and with a numbing pain in She’ll understand. Youl see her ,n* bl^	throughout Europe firgt potato gupply For many month, heavily in consequence. But for all
ing to say something now that maybe his heart, he went from the house, again, Fraser; I wont. Tell her- u, v rw u j °f »!	potato tickets had been in use, when that, in spite of its failures, what a
I wouldn't have had the courage to and hack to the little estate where for “That was all. I can’t say any	Ur- Hamer draws attention is gU(jdenly official notices appeared magnificent record it has, with two
say for a long time, if we had kept in the past six months he had been more. I’m not able. I can’t forget tne arrestment of building activity, jng that potatoes could be had for tremendous offensives in Cham this country.	Look at me, dear. I iaird.	his eyes.”	, result	of which has undoubtedly	a few dgys without tickets.	paerne,	one in	the spring and a sec-
want to see if there's any hope for For	a	week	May	heard	nothing	of	Long moments passed,	and she drew	>cen to check the outward movement :	"The unsuspecting	public	ordered	ond in the autumn,	thc first real
me in	your	eyes.”	him, then got this brief note:	near to him so that	her wild	heart	£ the Population	which has been.go- lfn|t quantities, and the agrarians	breach	in the	enemy's lines by the
beats thrilled him.	Something	wet	n& on	J*"1®» m?re P»rticu-	*hug t rid of all their ^ potatoes,	conquest of	the Labyrinth near
was shining upon her	cheek.	larIy north	of the	Thames.	Felling them to the mass of the peo-	Arras,	to say	nothing of fighting in
At last:	?------ pie. In many cases they were rot-	Alsace	and away to the north of
JAZZ.	GERMANT USING CRIMINALS. ^	KTt-£2 V’~!	'	'
¦vszzzts-i* Aian................- ""^ -, sets sr sgr z
nodded.	.	world but the Germana would havethe Dardanelles, and after that to
Yes; he died for us.	God rest	his	D. Thomas Curtin, writing in the stood it?	„ leading part in thc	defence of Sa-
gallant soul.	London Times, says: Throughout the	“Food Dictator Batocki has	been un-	lonicB 0ne (|ocs not	know which to
Then he bowed his head,	and, with	war Germany has used every scrap of	able to make the agrarians put the	a(|mjre most—the loyalty to her ally
his lips, stopped her starting tears.—	material in the Empire to help to win.	potato crop now gathered upon the	Serbia in distress, the profusion of
London Answers.	To one who knows Germany, there-	market even at the maximum price	b„r «aerifies* to the common cauie,
fore, it does not come wholly as a	allowed by the food commission. They	tbe cjear> penetrating vi«l^ ' '
“The Coward *9	.surprise to learn that she has heeded are holding back thc supplies until . irategical situation, or the stoical
.	1	..	.	HOW TO INVEST YOUR	MONEY,	the demands from some quarters to	they have forced up the maximum	caim_so different from us .
With the torn pieces of this note in	.   put criminals in the most dangerous	price, just as a year ago many agra-	jdt.u8 0f tbe Frenchman_with which
her hand. May stood staring dully in No person with any sense disputes service at the front, where they are nans allowed the potatoes to rot she hft8 borne ]0b8e8 an(1 tlie po.t. front of her, a new fear in	her heart	tho wisdom of depositing money	in a	driven	to their work.	I have	heard	it	rather than sell	as	millings	to	the	ponement	of	her	hopes
fear for Alan Fraser.	Far more	savings hank.and earning three	per	stated	on excellent	authority	that	city at the price	fixed by law
bitter than any German would be the cent, per annum, but what a good busi- some of them have actually been	Won't Agree to Fair Trice
enemy whom he would have in his nc88 man cannot understand is, why chained to the machine guns and been	, rmmtrv in *	n#
„ I own battalion perhaps in his own ,t should bt. allowed to remain there given this terrible chance to fight for In any ““““J* '"V,” days, was magnificently done, and.
;jff. r	—, T -iniwfïïï —1	sruyuss txrr \%
irssrtttta-	z. r: -- -	______ EnHHSe s vzzrszzmz
“A little while ago," Alan wrote, “1 way open to every healthy person to Mamma-Th.t's just like his fath-1 state of mind doe, this produce among a"‘l » n°w reaping a splendid re-had one of the surprises of my life. A invest h,s money without any risk,	He made hig mone in the the p«0ple ?	w„rd. She ha. in General Foch per,; draft came out to us, and one of the which may bring him or his family a c business	“Outside Germany there is an idea haP® the finest tactician in Europe,
privates joining my company was	thousand per cent., and no matter ‘	thnt every German is	working	at	top	an<1 her staff	work and	technical	or-
Roy Davidson. It won’t be	news to	what the result, cannot bring him	less,	¦eie*e^=*™c=	sneed. the spirit	of	the fatherland	ganization	have	now	reached	the
you that he is at the front. But im- than three per cent, interest, and that nrÿSSMe*leading him on like a flame That highest pitch of efficiency. But agine his being in my company! We is by taking out an endowment life S	__ yJ WB8 the spirit witnessed in the early these things would have counted for
.	.	quarrelled, of course. That was	insurance policy in the	Crown	Life	i|	If	II	<k	r|P	L	I J)	IB	days of	the war. Now there is a	comparatively little after all	that
* i	ou mustn t mind my	mentioning	bound to happen, and rank and so on	Insurance Company of	Toronto.	The	m	il	j ||	Ji	iL->	1HL	9	great bluff in circulation throughout	France has gone through if it had not
him; I ve got to. I know how he a wag forgotten. I expect we’d been moment you pay your first premium	_	_	_	W 4ue WOrld.	been for the indomitable energy and
been	trying	to win you;	Everybody	mad enough to come to blows, but —	you create an estate of	the full	value	.^he	revelation that so angers	the lofty pride of her people.	Well
here	knows	i|L-1 don t	trust him, |	there wasn’t time. A little dose of	of your policy. Should	you die	with-	i\<Ç7ie	name that stands far	JB	them is	that it is a lie, that all is gœ	may we be proud of such allies.
5 i EEB----—HH HBi	EIS:
She laughed a broken, pathetic,, “Davidson has been in action three your policy you Will have returned to [h	BRITISH BUILT	R tense longing for peace, not merely a
little laugh.	I times with us already, and I’ll say you more than principal and three U	^	(j German peace, but any peace. This
this—he has been recklessly brave, per cent, interest.	7	f 1	5 feeling arises not only from military
He doesn’t seem to care what he does Can there be any comparison be- ?	MR y	J reasons, but from the utter weariness
with his life. These are the aôrt of tween leaving your money on deposit 6	uLeïf	îf of the rule of the profiteers.”
fellows who win through. Nothing in a savings bank or buying a policy j||	/ti The writer declares that the last
ever seems to touch them. Yes; he’s in the Crown Life? Write the Head K	ib^sh	8 potato crop was poor, rye was good,
a good fighter—Davidson—and a good Office at Toronto for literature.	rf	’A Empire. ? wheat was fair, oats and barley exhater! He and I will have to settle	_____+______ f/Æ&ÏÏlV^ cel lent. He refers to the great ef-	____
,hlThLw™* noty all of the letter, of	WAR IS PREFERABLE.	V	Ü l.erHesVnd'"porpT,-"hut° lys'theTf"'	" Lin,ment Rob# T,X,lh
H pie are apathetic, as the Government 2,| has taken the crops at prices already set. He ends:
BAD POTATOES SOLD TO POOR
IN GERMANY.
v
G
EATS
DIRT
The jungle of the door-bell stirred May Dundas from her reverie. The door of the room
11
£
ginning of December this itvm In the At first the surprise of the thing “Scotsman" caught her eyes : rendered the girl wordless. Then, with cheeks aflame, she faced the handsome, rather dissipated-looking man at her side.
“You! How can you dare to ask
was opened, and a maid stepped in a pace or two.
“Lieutenant Fraser has called, Miss May,” she said come up May nodded
Tricked by Government Into Buying
Food That Sickened Pigs.
“OFFICERS

Wounded
“Fraser, Lieut. Alan J., 1st Bait. Strathmore H.”
She did not faint when she read she exclaimed. “Don’t you	that, nor cry out. Tes*	did not	com#
Left alone, she turned towards a	know that it is an insult?”	to her wide eyes. She	just sat	hold-
hrightly-polished silver shield which	His eyelids narrowed and a nerve in	ing the paper crushed	between	cold
hung over the mantelpiece, and served bis cheek started throbbing.	hands, gazing deep, deep into the core
as a quite efficient mirror.	“An insult?” he repeated. “What of the leaping fire. He was wounded,
Satisfied that she was presentable, d’you mean, May?”	they said! To-morrow maybe there
she seated herself again, and was just	“You don’t think that you are in-	might be that awful phrase: “Since
picking up A book when she heard thA j suiting me by asking me to marry	died of wounds.”
creak of the door-handle. «
MADE IN
CANADA
‘Shall 1 ask him to
?"
D. Thomas Curtin of Boston en- =
German condl«e|
me that
9**
THE WONDERFUL
FRENCH ARMY
?
REVIEW OF ITS WORK SINCE THE WAR BEGAN.
How could she live until she knew How could she face the grey days of
you, when you know that I am en gag Twisting round in her chair, and ed to another man?” letting the book slip from her fingers, she saw Alan Fraser.
There was a tense silence, and she torture ahead ? noted with a dim wonder how the Bronzed, athletic-looking, frank of other's hands clenched and unclenched j face, and weaving the Service kit of where they hung at his sides.	|
the Strathmore Highlanders, he came into the room with a swing, and walked towards the girl. The door closed softly behind him. ,
Halting beside May’s chair, Alan took the hand that she put out, and held it firmly. For some moments there was silence; but in the searching eyes of each lay a score of mysterious questionings, tender, unborn speeches, aching fears.

British Tribute to Accomplishments and Sacrifices of the Nation.
“Yes.”
It was the man who spoke first. “I’m glad I found you alone, May. I was hoping for that luck. Your aunt is out “Yes. Sit down, won’t you, Alan? We want to talk.”
She lowered her eyes then, and did not look at him again for some moments.
•»*»

Then: “Any news yet?” she asked, her voice not quite steady.
A little, half-crushed sob came from her, and a strange mistiness clouded her eyes.
“So soon?” she said, in just above a whisper.
“Yes; and, May. that’s why I’m go-
Slowly her head was raised. She
“Dear May,—Having now no fear met his gaze, and a glow, half-aweing „t all of German bullets. I have join-in its power, but very sweet to her, ed the 2nd Battalion of the Strath-surged through her being. She
mores as a private, and have been scarcely heard his words; there was i^ky enough to squeeze into a draft no need
Surprised Her Enemies
1 which is to go to the front at once to make good wastage in the 1st Battalion. I’ve escaped weary training by ! this, and I’ll be meeting our friend , Fraser soon. He will be my superior officer, but that won’t matter. I don’t
“I don’t know why I’ve never told you before, dear. You’ve bad my heart all the time, but I never told you because I couldn’t think it possible that you could care. I'm such a poor sort of thing compared with you. My love—my little, grave-eyed sweetheart!”
quite know which is the stronger — my hatred for him or my love for you.—Yours,
?
Stooping, he put his strong arms about her, and in their shelter she lay trembling, but happy beyond belief; and, with her mouth on his, knew that the glory of love had come to her for all time.
Half an hour later they said their brave good-bye.
“You will come back to me, Alan, she whispered, her small, hot hands on his shoulders. “Before so very long you will come back? Say it, Alan—say it!”
“Of course I'll come back,” he answered, his voice cheery. “Maybe by Christmastime—who knows? But anyhow, I’ll come back. But, May—'
•Yes?”
“There’s just one thing I want to
say. It’s about Roy Davidson.”
“Oh!”
But, great as France was last year, she has risen to fresh heights this year. Verdun, after the shock of the first few
The ocean of life is filled with breakers ; that's why so many men go broke.
“There’s only you in the world,” she managed.
“Roy is nothing. I could never like him—never.”
Alan leaned towards her.
“It is not good-bye, sweetheart,” he «aid slowly. “It’s only au revoir.”
Four or five minutes later May was •lone, and sobbing quietly. It was a
ACHING TEETH RELIEVED AT HOME
ache of Its Terrors. Pain Vanishes in a Few Minutes.
$
Former Clerk* at the Front Dread ? Return to Civil Life.	; I
i
A
No need to pace the floor all night with the agony of a throbbing tooth. Skan's Uniment will quickly relieve the pain and give you reek A single application and the pain usually disappears Sloan# Liniment gets right to the root of the trouble. Like a warming balm It relieves congestion. and In a few minutes troth
2^S7&9 HP On Skids or Truck tfh Tension Mnoneto Irtnitlorx^ Automatic l ubr>c»Ylot\
Think of It
"The conquest of Rumania yield foodstuffs and oil, and
Hi
may
?J gling by neutrals will help the army S and munition works, hut if the block-[j ad* is strengthened Germany can be H defeated.”
The life of a soldier compares H favorably with the pre-war existence of a London clerk, says a man who U worked in the off* cefaoaergswaftwa 11 worked in the office of a great bus*- K house before he entered the I#
Lister Silos. Ensilage Cutters, Threshers. Sprayers. Milkers. Electric Light Plants. Me lotto Cream Separators.
People cut out tea or coffee before retiring when these beverages interfere with sleep. In the morning they drink freely of them, strangely overlooking the fact that at whatever time of day the cup is drunk the drug, caffeine, in tea and coffee is irritating to the nerves.
More and more people are turning to
ness
service. He writes home;
“I sm going into the line sgain in an hour or so for a few days’ rest.
It’s a great life, except for the war, and I say in all sincerity that, after seven months of It, I have really enjoyed it
"Think of the time saved, for instance, by lying down fully clad. If even to one’s boots, and the time ^ saved by getting up fully dressed. 01
?
ache is reduced.
To soothe the throb of a u«th that pains with neuralgia, apply Sloan s Uniment externally. Aching muscles, rheumatism, gout, bruises, spnUn^
I
THE LISTER ' GRINDER
jfl | A Job for a Versatile Man
FI According to a London paper, the fi Lady’s Magazine for 1789 contained fH the following comprehensive sdver-g tisement: “Wanted, for a sober fam-F ily, s man of light weight who fears i\ the Lord and can drive a pair of m horses. He must occasionally wait Un *1 table, join Mn household prayer, S look after horses, and read a chapter * In the Bible. He must rise at#
M in the morning, obey his master and IN mistress in all lawful commands, and r, if he can dress hair, sing psalms, and n ploy at rribbage, so much the better.
:

WWtefor
a
Instant Postum
I
• t
•1er
Sloan's
Liniment
AW//Y
the drug-free, nourishing, comfortable cereal dripk.
“There’s a Reason”
i
to manage it in. A good, open-air If life, plenty of excitement and humor, £ worry in the world; why, I f that I shall feel like a poor stranded ¦ jelly-fish when I get be< to business H and a full drawer of orders.”
no
RA LISTER (f Co.Limited
TORONTO
C
C
Cx> Ltd
, Out.
###PAGE###3###
n
THE DOOR TO HEALTH
1 LOYALISTS TO KA18BK IN U.8. f
Killing the Calves
—All sorts of excuses are offered for the high price of beef, the most plausible be-
THE BIGGEST COAL OWNER.
WILL BUY
Lord Joicey Pays Out $7,500,000 in
Wage* Yearly.

OooïBhntl Fiona* Pfd.
500,000 Lamp-peats Ready to Hang
Them, Gerard Says.
IN EVERY EMERGENCY

Canadian Oil Companies
1 11 B - - m I______.... I	Thromh thi lllkf RsI BtoM ||0 fanciful heraldic design adorns
Herbert Bayard Swope, recently re- JîîïtSSÎÎi iSSÏÏ2Jm«t *£?*£^	Dr. William»' Pink Pllh the coat of arms of Lord Joicey. The ing the alleged demand for
turned from Germany, writes as fol- Ontario Pulp a Paper Bonds.	foremost items on his escutcheon are yeal
lows in the New York World:	Spanish mirer Bonds.	Actually MBsC.	b couple of honest pick-axes and two
will sell ^bursts,s.r ïlt»’,i„to,=gui,rb=cf.- v™
any of the political maps issued by	SïSnîon^Bspioeives.	ease	cannot exist If it is bad, the	that when he was raised to the peer-	cannot	have	beef	if	yOU	eat
the Pan-German League, on which a	a i«iPh a on ari, i	»u	door	,hut against good health, dim-	age in 1906 he should have chosen
great blob of pink indicates the rest- *1°^™	nov<\m	ease is bound to appear in one form this design for a crest, for he is proud
dence in America of the nine million	Buseian Oounmnt	Bonds. '	or another. One person may be seized	of the fact that his immense fortune
of German birth or parentage. Those	Anglo-French Bonds	to yield 0|%.	with	rheumatism or sciatica, another	rests on the pit pony and the pick-axe
making up this number are claimed	We buy and sell alj	Unlisted	Securl- wjth	anaemia, indigestion, heart pal-	which his father used to wield in the	nutriment	than	beef	and
as indirect members of the league,	ties. Correspondence Invited.	pitation, headaches or backaches, un-	depths of the mine,
who are, or ought to be, as the Pan-	OmHm-L &	strung nerves, or any of the many	Born in the atmosphere of collieries
Germans see it, ready at all times to	mqCuOilqia, DUIIOCH <* \0*	other forms of ailment that comes	and brickworks at Tanfield, in Dur-
do Germany’s bidding. It is the be-.	84 BAT street	whcn the bjood jg weak anj eatery,	ham, Lord	Joicey as a boy	grew up	wheat Steam-COckcd, shred-
lief of these Pan-Germans that TQBQBTO -	-	OBT. ^ere is just one certain, speedy cure in the “black environment.” His fa- ded and baked. Make it your
through their far-flung membership	nifTnC> Bent direct from —Dr. Williams Pink Pills. They make|ther, who at one time worked in a „	f f i	j „
tome day German “Kultur" will	* 0 . d	. £ new> rich blood, and thig KOod blood Tyneaide colliery, wan a man of seri- meat tor ten Clays an<l Sec
dominate the world.	OOM	strengthens the whole system and | ous thought,	foresight,	and	shrewd	how	much	better	yOU	I tel.
On the day I left Berlin,	only a	tele In about 36 hours	perfect and fresh?	brings good health and happiness, j common	sense.	He	saw	the future	of	Wholesome	and	Strengthen-
few weeks ago, I was informed by a	Send for our Special List of	Thousands owe their present good the engineering side of mining, and • r	aj
member of the general staff that	9 Y Ml A C OZ> 1ZZTC	health, some, life itself, to the pills,	earned a reputation as a clever engin-	B	J
Gen. Hindenburg had sent word	JK Iwi O Dl/ACO	Miss Devina Laliberti, St. Jerome,	eer. Ultimately his son went to Hi
through his Chief of Staff, von Lud-	From $2.00 to $5.00	Que„ says:—“Last year I seemed	Newcastle	to work for a	wealthy	with fruits,
endorff, to Col. Kuhn, our	military	Rome recent orders	: Weatmount	Sol-	gradually to grow weak and run down, uncle.
attache, and Commander Gherardi,	dler^WUes^Lenrue.	L606 boxes ;	73rd	j did not sleep well, had a poor appe-	H
naval attache, that neither would	’	'	’	tite, and grew pale and generally lan- saved every penny he could while	bred potatoes
The Reaiton.	I	be permitted to go to the front nor	Quickest	I Surest ! C heapest I	guid. I consulted a doctor who told	learning all he could;	and although	^-Totatoes ihi.sh--covl
Vim r_I was triad to see how quiet baVt* opportunities for observation,	we Can Send Anything I	me I ivas anaemic, and gave me a for a time he was only earning the ^ hier» DHeware Car man. Ord<$r
........	- “• -- -, WS ffarjwr it», soldi.,.' suppi, A..'.	rz. sfs ^r.iSmass -
Th<>nitnv_Well you »e. I was	This is official, and has been 1 ISrrounon. BaiMlng, Montreal. peered to be growing worse, and final- mining enterprises
afraid of	waking father.	’	|	maJe the b*,is of representations !	 “ _	—,	_ _ _-------- ly I was hardly able to go about the	With the money he	inherited from
Not only does Germany believe that	gee*D I	I I | À	house and almost wholly incapacitated	his uncle Lord Joisey	judiciously ne-
her political strength in this country 1	w | fQr wor|t< while in this condition a gotiated various deals. Some idea of
is great enuogh to make the Ameri- I	Thoee long winter night#	I	friend advised me to try Dr. Wil-	the extent	of his resources	may be	•rrUc.Montn Wilson ru Mishina
can Government take it into	consider-	I	you will need Indoor récréa-	I	ijam3 pi^k Pills, and I got several	gathered when it is mentioned that
Minard’s Liniment	Co.,	Limited.	!	ation, but the belief goes	further.	I	tlon. Why not Instal a	I	^oxes. It was not long after I began	some years ago his firm took a lease
Gentlemen,—Last winter	I	received}	One prominent member of the Gov-	I	Home Billiard Table ?	I	their use when I could see an im-	of Lord Durham’s pits for £1,100,000, T*
HtfHSÆa;™s =:JfS.ZE7ÜLSt	-	STriSSttX3U:	“•	....
of LaGrippe, and 1 have frequently Germany, because “there were 600,- |	1 ter rest at night. From this on the A further illustration of Lord Joi- Co.. Limited. Colling wood. Ont.
proved it to be very effective in cases 000 trained Germans ready to bear I	Maisonette Table,	I improvement was rapid and I was not cey’s vast interests is contained in
of Inflammation.	!	arms in the United States	against	I	for cash or on eaay terme.	I	long in regaining perfect health. I	the remark which he made in a speech
the American Government.”	I n	A Wafffi LM I think Dr. Williams Pink Pills are a1 when he was presented with a por-
m u	I real blessing for all weak girls.”	trait of himself in 1913 at the New-
Makers to h. m. the King. | you can get these pills through any castle Chamber of Commerce to cele-
I medicine dealer or by mail at 50 cents brate his fifty years of commercial
- a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The life.
Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock-
ville, Ont.
er A
Dominion
You will find some use for
“the killing of calves which should be allowed to
Vaseline
it as “veal,” but you can have Shredded Wheat Biscuit which contains more real
Petroleum Jelly
It relieves rough, rhipped hands, broken blisters, bums, cuts, insect bites and skin irritations of all kinds.
Sold in handy glass bodies and tin tubes, at chemists and general stores everywhere. Refuse substitutes.
Free booklet mailed on request.
Shredded
costs much less, wheat biscuit is the whole
V
?
I
CHESEBROUGH MFC. CO.
or cream or in combination
d>
(c

Made in Canada
i hrifty and energetic, young Joicey
our
NEWSPAPERS rOB SALE
> Koi* IT MAKING NEWS AND JOB Office» for nale In g-tod Ontario The most ureful and IntereMln*
Full Information no
Comoron tou
i
u m n*
<f hII b»irlnc*rep
BCISCEI IAN20US
AN CE it. TUAI OHS. LUMPS. ETC, iMernal t 1 external, cured wlth-
XVrlte
HOOK ON

Yours,
W. A. HUTCHINSON.
DOG DISEASES
“There may be,” was his quick response, “but there are 500,000 lampposts in America ready to string them up on if they ever try it."
And IIovv to Feed
Mailed free to any «<Mr?*a by
tbo Author
H. CLAY CLOVER CO., Inc. 118 Weil 3!sl Street, New Yotk
»

Auer lu'$ Pinm
“Business life,” he said on that oc- |Oog RlBlfin casion, “is a good life, and to preside over a concern which spends £1,500,000 a year in wages and support¦? thousands of families is a thing to be
Punishment
localities visited and definite locations of certain strata and fossil beds.
The party broke camp at Banff,
out and let you
Ethel—I'll back marry the wretch.
Marie—Why do you do that?
Ethel—He proposed to both of us and I want to see him punished.
JUST THE THING
?
When buying your Piano insist on having an
COMMANDERS WITH MEN
FOP IITTIF flMFS Alberta, September 30. which proved I VIN LI I ILL VllLJ ! a fortunate move, as the next day a
Went Over Parapets Side by Side at proud of.”
Signal of Battle.
“OfTO HIGHL"
London'. M.n,	1 French Fof	DsafceSS [ PIANO ACTION
FS £j ss: a a~s tsr
BrockviIle, Ont.	Ra«h1«*1ai,	mander'* return message; “keep an Sufferers who could scarcely hewr »
population.	watch tick tell how they had their h.-ar-
eye out ior me.	Ing restored by this English treatment
So, when the troops were jammed to such an extent that the tick or H
watch Will plainly audible seven and
heavy fall of snow covered the entire region.
Baby's Own Tablets are the best medicine a mother can give her little They regulate the bowels;
Minard'e Liniment Curse Die tom dor
ones.
Useless Work.
on
A bsojbne
Kveryone
and you work the horse same time. Doe» not blitter or remove the hair. #2.00 per bottle, delivered. Will tell you more if you write. Book 4 M free. ABSORBING JR*
the antiseptic liniment for mankind, reduces Varicose Veins, Ruptured
Mitarlet of IJfSmeaC*. P.n larged Glands. Wny. (>its
— ?
:
CLIMATE LESS SEVERE.
E,?,Dm!hm-di W* ! in the forward benches waiting for	inch,, .way fron, .it™ L,
7 c n 4 IUI â the enormous mine explosions under Therefore, if you knew someone who
PVAO	the ?rm.n communicating trenches,
ttemedv NoSmarting i which were to be the signal for the and hand it to them and you will i ür Charles D. Walcott, secretary of	K Comfort. At' assault, the British commander work- ‘{Srhawf	Th:
tne Smithsonian Institution, and Mrs.	Your Druggist's $0c per Bottle. Murine£)•	ed his way to the end of his furthest	prescription can he easily prepared	:>t
Walcott have just returned to Wash-	SalveinTube«2 Se. ForBeoàelthe CyeFreeask	trench, and there he found the French	hor,1#.for about 75c- a,,<1 la made a» fol*
ington after several months' field	Druggists orMurlectyeR»e»dyCs.,Càlci|»	commander. They stood there wait-	From your druggist obtain 1 ox	of
work in CaiiAda. Accomplished by	----- ing, side by side, until the terrific ex-	£»r”1h,nl rJ^îhl. 8homfth»n»e£vi *,
only a packer and cook, they spent	The English Face Altering.	plosions tore the German trenches to k pint of hot water and 4 ounce» of
pstn
SasStf sr—i	-s -,...... —.- s^ggsessi
p	tt Hr	t ™ TLi	a-£w»rfe.*s«r*s $
previous winter, and the fact that jawg ^tractions of the palate, and on the Somme	<fr~ thWB*#,v-	**<• Struct
irregularities of the teeth, which did not become common until quite re cent centuries. A minute comparison of skulls shows that the English face has become narrower and longer.
„ Sore
I
Allan pain quickly. Price SI and *2 a b ,tu< al druj;i»ta or délit rred. Made In the ü. S. A. bf
W F fauns. P. 0 F., S16 Lymans Bldg., Montreal, Cam.
*cJ Afcsorbloc. Jr., arc nude le Uaaj»
What Study of Larger Glaciers B. C. Has Revealed.
v m
A
r,
WANTED


Men & Girls
m
v.
For All Departments
Steady Employment Good Wages
Guard Your Baby’s Health
most of the geological formations which they wished to examine were in the deep snow about the timber line, little progress was made in July, in August, however, sections were examined and measured in the Mount Assiniboine region, and from there
northwest to the celebrated Kicking Minor*'» Liniment Curas Garget in Cows
f.Ior®e ?a88'	lhe Canadian Paci-	The Snme	i wind or flatulence stomach acidity or The Germans have grossly misdirect-
WÈEËBmmm mm
•	fossil fauna in boulders “Barthou ha. .ad fact, and funny	nhy:",.:"
which had been carried into Kitcking facts to show the ravages of alcohol forms of stomach trouble are due to
i ssr.	- «« —.......—•* -
‘th'e moL'n U°in ‘vfrquew he re1	name. witimaf’ SSflaltaS lhe	infoma^OT "a'.’
"T"*ir‘“Vhr T* J Ml"n,'n"',h*—«.rr.,ÏTSSS.'.’"as IfuT2?V.'^£22ru;
4 Mrs. Walcott, formerly Mis^Mary “ ‘Your full name/ the judge said. l^fèrlblT'tn the%%^of arUficteTittge* ^h®8e cavalry could	keoP thc
Vaux, of Philadelphia, who has studied « It s the same, your honor/ «aid( ^nt»^ stimulant, or medicines for in- j field against the enemy s.
glaciers for several years, and is well Malguenac, ‘full or sober ’ known as an Alpinist, visited Glacier,
British Columbia, where she measured the position of two large glaciers, many a man poor, and determined that the front ice foot in each case had retreated at the rate of 100 feet a year during the past two years. Steel plates were placed on ! the ice on the present surveyed boun-; dary lines. The plates will be buried beneath the winter's snows, but, since their positions are relatively low as to altitude, the snow will be melted off next summer, and their locations then will indicate the amount of forward flow of ice during the year.
Mrs. Walcott's studies prove that the | ice has been steadily retreating during
¦¦HHHfePUl measurements agree with observations made in Alaska, and indicate that the climate is not as severe as on the Pacific side of the continent as It decade ago.
During the field work a large num-
di>caw«*
?
; DRINK HOT WATER FOR INDIGESTION
Allied Aeroplanes Superior.
British preparation has secured a decided advantage over German preparedness, in putting into the air
A Physician's Advice	about double the number of aero-
lf dyspeptics, sufferer» from gas, planes that the Germans can muster.
Iodepeadest R nbber Co., Ltd.
MERRITTON, ONT
Cheerful, Chubby Children Make the Home Happy
Weak, puny babies arc a constant care to tired mothers and are subject to many diseases that do not affect healthy children.
Keep your children in good health. See that their bowels move regularly -especially during the teething period. This is a distressing time in the life of every child and the utmost precaution should be taken to keep them well and strong.
By the consistent use of
8jV
x r
1
man aeroplane rises above the lines on the Somme for the purposes of observation, something like a half-score


pear for attack and pursuit. The
A RARE XMAS GIFT
Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Py sending now for our Prie
List of
Beautiful Musk Ox
ROBES
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
The Authority.
Bluejacket (to Chinese ship's steward)—Now look 'ere, Oswald. You mm* ! can't teach me anything a baht China. I kyow, 'cos I've been there.
Struggling to get rich quick keeps
it is possible to avoid many childish ills now so prevalent.
It is a corrective for diarrhoea, colic and other infantile ailments. It soothes the fretting baby and permits the child to sleep well and grow healthy. It brings comfort and relief to both child and mother.
Hermits in Italy.
There are still hermits in Italy who live solitary lives in mountain caves, and they number no fewer than nine hundred and ninety. Among these recluses there are sixteen who are over ninety-five years of age and three centenarians, while all the others have passed the age of fifty.
You will have nive lime to look It over for your Christmas buying A fortunate purchase enable* us to offer the»#» RARK and REST HftlJ Robes at price* lee* than half their usual roat.
They are a rich brown-black, with beautiful fe v tann««l unes warmth and appearance vary thing for

/
EVERY
y
WOMAN
Filing the Blame.
Mrs. Jones had just punished her little boy, Tom. After crying for a few minute» he turned to his mother and asked :
“Mamma, did your mamma whip you when you were little ?”
“Yea, when I was naughty," was the reply.
“And did her mamma whip her when she was little?" continued the little boy.
“Yea, Thomas," replied the mother.

Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Makes Cheerful, Chubby Children
LIKES
lustre and per
d for
y
T»

she finds this an
Zem-Buk. Hits herbal halm
7 task, if she

/
Make* al
a luxurious
f
DODDS
not only •mueth and rn.lt. but penetrates to and feeds the underlying tissues. It stimulates the sells to healthy action, and produces vigorous circulation. which by sarryins away ail impur lisa
/

Purchaser* make amK^M Musk os is becoming exceeding-
the skins therefor*
/
KIDNEYS
& PILLS J
I y selection as the
the past six years.
I» absolutely son-narcotic. It coa-
ly
tain* no opium, morphine nor any of their dsrivali ve*. It i% soothing, pleasant and harmless. For generations
be unobtainable
will
Write to-day for price 11*t the largest dealers
I
f
t
“And was she whipped whan she
maoi mem satisfying than a temporary oomskaxm prod W
iveSMoêsu
Buk Co. Toronto.
J partec
Bullion*
LAMONTAGNE. LIMITED
W h

warn little ?" further questioned the
used it aad been benefited by it

k I

v


idle


K
I 4 L

bee• S
eluding a
A few
t u *
Y
M
«
n
AM BUK
“Well, who started it, anyway?"

UU b Jruggisti m Cmmss/a mmJ
l
1


1881Y <7—'Ms
torial records showing
the

###PAGE###4###
Canadian Pacific Railway
CONDENSED TIME TABLE :
THE EQUITY.
MOWS OF MEXICO
THE ARMSTRONG BROTHERS
MARVELS OF SCIENCE.
In Wondering et the New Ones Den t Forget the Railroad.
The most recent mysteries of scl once are the ones that receive most attention. The air Is full of talk nowadays about the thrilling wonders of j | Vl. Ottawa Unmet St. 10,00 a. m. fur Toronto dally, wireless telegraph and aviation and j ' ..	..	( \ ntral 1.15 p. m “	“ “
subterranean transportation and sub- ..	*«	“	11.10 p. in
marine navigation. And very rightly,
for these arc marvels. But for that | Leitvv Ottawa Broad St. S.jjJjR* 1,1 matter so are some of the things i	.V*.'!!
which wo have gradually grown so ,	* u ( vl,Vva ,'t 15 p in
used to that we never see them at all.	!	.	„	rj'Jg j,
There is the railroad. Plenty of	j	..	,*	u	g 45 j,’	m
I The story of the Yuquis of Mexico is romaiMs mystery is to be found in one of i lie most remarkable narratives llie will road yard of a great terminal.
In history. It has never been told lu B Is, first of all, a network of steel English except in	more	or less frag-	pathways which seems uuthreadable.
montai y fashion,	and	the English	Trains come and go by devious ways;
semaphore arms rise or fall in that l|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l||||||l|||||||||||||(|||||lllll||||l^i'Ui' rectangular gesture
The talc Is liberally blotted with providence that shapes the cuds of all blood and stained	with	Incidents of	this takes the form of men tugging at
savage torture and	treachery, for the	some very prosaic looking levers In
Yuquis arc a savage people, but run switch towers.
nlug through It from beginning to cud To get still another effect look at are a fanatic love of country, an Indom. the yard by night, when great 11 ml teds liable courage and a hardihood that come surging through the dark, when have never been excelled.	the only guides arc pieces of multi-
In certain parts of Mexico the name 1 colored switch and signal lamps. The of Yaqul bus acquired terrors almost cars 0f night freights being made up legendary among the Ignorant classes It has become u term with which to frighten children. Even on the Amerl 1 can side of the border the Yaqul often I gets credit for being a more terrible person than he really is. lu point of fact the Yaquia are the Apaches of Mexico, with rather more than the I Apaches’ ability for organization and stubborn resistance.
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 23. 1916.
An Indian Tribe Notorious For Its Savage Practices.
ro. daily except Stiudny in. Mon., Wed.. Prl.
Lonve SI.«wviUe 7.8W n. «rr. OttAwaV.30a ^
lames Du ft, Minister of m the Ontario < «ovetnment, 1 suddenh at the home of Miss ? in, at Allison, lust week, whither he gone to convey Mis Irwin to his
Mr. Duff had
ver a year jtast, it is said the recent death of a son e front aggravated his condition.
H
>
*
except Sunday.
EVER DEFIANT AND WARLIKE.
*•	daily
for Montreal daily via North Shore.
• •	• 4

in Vookstowi i health i

Never Thoroughly Conquered, They Have Been Fanatically Fighting Four Centuries For the Lend They Held Before Columbue Was Born.
“ Short Line, daily except Sun. “
* I
Sunday only
t

m
*
ft *
is

I the Teutonic powers are
u
For tint her particulars* and tickets apply to
c. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shnwvllle.
ting mmh energy just now iu an sh Rumania, which is threat-
:t to <
1 with a serious invasion from two late advices state. In less K ssia van sjavdily come to her assist* out latest ally may share in some ’he horrors which became the lot of h- • ia. a> the invaders, like a < le vast at-; conflagration, swept over that uncinate little country last year.
speaking world has missed thereby a romance worth reading.

I
yrt,,U
HAY WANTED

Figure on the right Frank Armstrong, who was seriously wounded in the neck by a fvaguent of shell while helping to remove a disabled officer from the Held.
Figure on the left W iliner Armstrong, who was struck by a piece of exploded shell as he was attending to a wound ed sergeant, and died within five minutes from the injuries received.
Both young men were membera of the Ninth Field Ambulance Corps, B. F. F.
I am prepared to buy any quantity of good, well-saved Pressed Hay, delivered at Shawville, or other convenient points on rail-
Highest market price paid.
i
. a* principal item of news from the v .• zone this week is that announcing capture from the German and Bul-j. forces bv the Serbians of the imp ' mt city of Monastir in Macedonia, ill of which was foreshadowed last . The evacuating army is reported 1 • fiaxe retreated in disorder, leaving na ?y prisoner- and much booty in the ' . Is of the victors. One of the first following the ro-occu) mtion of the which fell before the might of the tonic legions last November was he setting up of the capital of Scrvia y the veteran King Peter. A desjuitch r inonting on the victory, says :
“ I'hv regaining of Monastir means j h to the Serbian cause. What it 1 a#- meant to Serbian ambitions and rfnains of empire in the past, it will n v mean to Serbian plans of restora-and reconstruction.
trundle about and the yard never sleeps. In Its way It Is as full of life as the Jungta Every locomotive Is a dragon harnessed to man's service.
The marvels of science are all about us, and the ones we have grown used to are Just as remarkable as those of today and tomorrow.—Collier’s.
• Vi
r '

way.
WEATHER TO ORDER.
Letters Relating to the Death of Pte. Wilmer Armstrong.
Aided by the fact that the govern ment opposed to them has always been
considerably weaker than that of the | It May Possibly Be Brought About by
the Aid of Electricity.
G. A. HOWARD.
United States and by the Inaccessible nature of the country that they love so devotedly, they have the distinction of der?
October <1, lull
From Ft Col. V. A. Veters,
O. ( *., N<>. u Van, Field Ambulance, To Mr. James Armstrong,
Shaw ville, (Juc., Canada.
Deni Mr. Armstrong :	We regret to
have to inform you of the death of your son, Wilmer ; he was killed on the 30th
Is It possible to make weather to or-In the opinion of Sir Oliver being the only Indian tribe that has Lodge, it Is by no means beyond the never been thoroughly and completely powers of man. lie advances the sug-conquered by the whites. 1 here have gestion that exploration of the upper always been déliant Yaqul outlaws In regions would result In discoveries
lI,e 1,11 3-	which would enable man to control the
?*
TAILORING
The story of the Yaquls is the story weather of their wars Almost a century before the landing of the Pilgrims in New England on army of Spaniards with their Indian allies moved northward
September.
A shell exploded amongst a immliei of men w ho were at work in his neighborhood, injuring several
l?carers were called and the squad, of whom vour son was one, readily rv-
Wbilftt your boy was eti gaged in bandaging a Sergeant of the V. M. I*., who was on a stretcher, a shell exploded quite close to them ; your sou leaned over his patient and a fragment hit hi in in the hack just l*eh»w the shoulder blades ; he died in two or three
The man on the stretcher Well, that hoy gave his life
The latter, he contends, Is mere!/ a matter of electrical conditions, and the ingredients necessary for tine weather ure an upper atmosphere charged with positive electricity and a negative charge upon the earth’s surface. Much, be says, could be done by placing a copper rod round the earth parallel to the equator and discharging millions of amperes (units) from this rod. Sir
'A,
lni << i.
>Ve keep a good line of Serges of fancy patterns always in stock.
stretcher

m
from Mexico City, conquering every thing In their path. When they reached the bank of the Y a qui river they were met by a large hand of Indiana whose i leader drew a line In the soft earth
GENERAL HUGHES RESIGNS
.. 1!
i
ponded
i
4*
?
1 Sir 8.mi Hughes is no g'T Minister of Militia and Defence In- Federal Government. He handed ii> resignation on Monday morning, lu at the request of Sir Rnliert I lor
(

f
That line lie forbade the Spaniards to cross. The white men untied Ora with ....	,	.
their i annul!, hut after a brief en Oliver <>ulota out thut we LaTe »t*nt
millions on building railways, and why
not invest capital In controlling the weather by this means?
Meantime, while we are thinking ^about the copper rod, much might be That waa almost 40u years ago, and Mono by electricians. Sir Oliver Lodge since then the Yaquls have fought nl suggests that they should ascend a most without cessation. The Mexicans high mountain, erect a powerful gen-estimate that there have been almost erating station and discharge all the 100 years of actual fighting between positive electricity they can produce
Into the air. By this means much of the abnormal weather from which we suffer at times might he avoided and nature be Induced to provide us with more regular seasons.
»

«
gageaient the Yuquis routed them The old Spanish chronicler states that he had fought with most of the Mcx! can Indian tribes, but, he says. "1 have never seen Indians tight like these.”
1

minutes, said : mint
We all feel sorry to lose our comrade, but we are glad to W* able to let you know how splendidly lie worked in all kinds of danger and how much he \\ liked by all the members of this Vnit Kindly accept our sincere*! sympathy
v,?“ - •ssTLrsr—.....
—V, , li,t tun (	ment had been adopting the only policy
that with his great capacity kxtrai r from habry harts i.kttib against the tribe which gave promise
! \ \ » 1 , X |> ?«»«!> inugiuzed, j	TO „ls mother.	of eventual success in quelling their
:e u.5&r,2L2^2
¦' ,hc, sanct,0,'l ,,r »l*Pp>»v*l "	" Ul‘r,"‘i “u' kM t.i,. up the line you ¦ from Souonl t0 far away YucaUn
,.r other memfarr» of the Frank Armstrong, a \t ealeyan Tin as laborera un the plantation*. This la vV "	be U-canu- a law logical «Indent waa lut by a bit of ,hv,l ,a|d |d be the onl fate tUat mgbten,
imself, and egotistically imagined on the back of the neck, lie is now in f. »	,
» of all the Government was the one* a London hospital and progressing fav- ,	. .. ..	. v .	I human spec lea one Is confronted by
; £Sï sstji&arz %%% aritSaSK |,“ ".................................................................... “	" -
•	==: ittaeA~i rasgrtyatisiu iâasza
un organ,zat.on distinct from hurst mar the s,,,ud as they were lift Tb bave UDdoubtcdly practiced sar-
•	1 independent of the general adnunia- jug a wounded man on to a stret, her	turture3 on tbelr captive. In the
¦.non. Little thought needed to Une piece stnuk him under the loft	Ju$t „ bave uudoubledl,
that *urh a course must inevitably shoulder bUde. He died fire minutes liruken trcutlea wUb lbe &,oilcan sur-
.-Hfnve friction and discord. Along later The other member, of lna «iiumI ^nment. but It 1. Just a. true that » ‘li this, he had the unfortunate habit j were badly shaken but untouched. Poor lh n|e guitle(j by a 8avaffe code of
•	• talking , great deal and uttering Armstrong :	1 have known him ever etb|cs uud Hre figbtln'B for ,and lbat ln
L' :iigs often that were indiscreet, for wince I went to McGill, l or four years lhe |a#l ai)alyslâ p^mug* to them, for v» bieli he has Insert subjected to scorch | he studied Arts in my year there. He |Ley bel(1 |t pefore Columbus was born.
<r.g criticism, and this not from his was a quiet < hap, unselfish, consvien- jn flesh and blood the Yaqui Is not a political enemies only. Again, hi* jack	tioua, and a tine Christian. Father may	particularly romantic figure. He la the
’*ijn’ method oî treating officers and	have met Inin but I do not think that	common laborer of Sonora, the peon,
'»<*n at times served no good purpose, I you ever met him. Hi* brother Rina Ido j |be berjer 0f cattle and the tiller of
creating rather resentment and even1 used to preach at Wesley Church, Notre tbe SO|L the Mexican towns of the	Tentative,
hatred of the minister among men of all j Dame de Grace. His mother must feel	district many of the servants are	Their teacher had lately become en
the loss keenly-two sons, one killed and	One of lbe chief difficulties in	] caged,	ami all the girls were	t remen
one wounded This morning we went	subduing them has been the highly de-	louai y	Interested—naturally.	Every-
veloped clan spirit that prevails among [body wanted to see the ring, and more
than one was grievously disappointed The outlaw from the hills, bard I In the size and splendor of the token, pressed, slips bis rifle Into a mesqulte One ten-year-old maiden considered It bush and enters some peaceful village critically and then remarked: of hie people, where everybody will "Its mighty small, ain't It? Does •wear that he has lived there for years, tihat mean that you haven't really quite The Yaqui la a medium sized Individ- | made up your mind to lake him?*— nal as a rule, rather atocklly built, with | New York Poet a face broader and browner than that of the North American Indian whom the tourist Foes In the west and who adorns our buffalo nickels. Ilia wiry endurance la truly remarkable. Four centuries of almost continual warfare.
Interspersed with the hardest of hard work on the ranches, have made him tough as leather. He will travel for days at high speed through desert and mountain with little or no food; he will work nil day In the fields under a sun glare that reaches 150 degrees heat In the direct raya. In fact, one of the chief problems In connection with the deportation scheme for handling the Yaqui is that of tilling hie place as a laborer In Sonora.

Also Overcoats, Caps, Sweatercoats, Underwear and Heavy Pants.
many, no doubt, tliv news came as t surprise ; but those who have closely watching the current of some time past felt that a
m-1 not a few nvi ndered that it did not occur
\
I

?
its T
tk wa> imminent
i
I
«
B
18
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
HTI
Why Not Say "Woman?"
Whenever one tins occasion to mention the most remarkable sex of the
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
1
general term to describe the subject of ?lie's dissertations except the unlovely and almost meaningless term “female." That term Is altogether too general. It Includes cows, beus and all other being» of that gender. Some word Is needed that will express tbe female of the human species and nothing else. She who orders the universe mud makes planets and suns and stars worth while ought to have a name of her own and one worthy of her. We all upon the nations of tbe world to levote themselves for a t’me to this really Important task.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in

Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing1.
ank*
We Can Supply You
Despite his shortcomings and	,	J
ills, however, no one can deny that to 800 J.18	Three Mvslvyan stud
Sir Hem fate played a great part in the enta-Turrell, % and Tucker--pre st upe ndous task the Government of1 l«red him lor burial. We don t know
1 'inada, becked by the people, under- ^herv they will bury him, perhai
the big French town along side r raser.
And thus one more of our uuinlxu has
them.
. . WITH AU. KINDS OK . .
Tinware, Agateware, Stoves, Furnaces, Roofing Material, Eavetroughing and Repairing.
Your patronage solicited.
* in
look and carried through -that of créa Ung a magnificent military force out of. practically raw material. Sir 8am gave 8°ne	re*»t
hi- remarkable energy and untiring | ——— wal to the accomplishment of that great work, overcoming and beating down obstacles which les» nervy men would
have quailed at. Indeed it may bei Xov. 18.—Hay pressing i* the order reasonably doubted if there exists in ()f tbe ^
I he country any man w ho could have Messrs. Herbert Hodgine ami John accomplished so much in so short a g) Brown are winding up thrashing, t rue. It seems too bad that this man, Mrs. Alfred Arniitagv and son, of >f* doing so much in his country* ser- Quyoii, have been visiting friend*around vice that wa* worthy of admiration, Starks Corners.
f-hould have allowed hi* egotism to out- Miss Irene Tubman was the guest of weigh his sense <*f duty to his leader. | her sister, Mrs. Wilfred Bean, this week.
Miss Laura Alexander and Mi** Laura Lucas have been visiting Mrs. John
Br< iw n
STARKS CORNERS
Against Additional Expense.
Young Mr*. Green (to neighbor)—I’m having such trouble keeping our food. I bought a real nice looking refrigerator, but it doesn't seem to work well at alL Neighbor—Do you keep Ice enough in It? Mrs. Green-Ice! I hope you don't think, after spending all that money on a refrigerator, we'd go to the additional expense of buying We.-Boston Transcript
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
V
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Heifers Astray.
Strayed from the premises of the unsigned about October 1*t, two her fers -email-sized year-olds (red and white). Information leading to their r^NAvery will be thankfully received.
HORACE K CALDWELL R. H. No. 1, Shawville
Snowball
Avoiding Dleeueelon.
knowing as much about the political

WANTED NOW
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Menu-
“That's what I want to do," replied
*1 want te give her credit for about everything without potting her to tbe trouble of explaining a single word."—Washington 8tar.
A reliable agent in your home disIng fall and winter month* to well fruit tn*es. ornamental trees, flower I Ing shrubs, roses, etc. Good pay weekly
fe^HHIIIHHMelusive territory
i
Some Famous Old Mow.
ments ever placed before the public Pi ices are such that it will be to intending
Palmerston was premier at eighty, one. Gladstone at eighty three. Metier ok h and Bl* march were driven out of I ¦	WÊÊ	power at seventy dve. Talleyrand was
We have over 600 acres e power tin hi* death #t eighty four.
of the A newt varieties of fruit and orna Oulsot till eighty-olx, \ on Mollhe tSD
of this district,
purchasers* interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Calves Astray
Strayed from my premia gtlpo steer calves—on
•her black and white. Information menial tree*, including new varieties of nearly eighty -eight. Ranke began hi»
—» "" " ""-1 x&i&xajxnss —	^ i
ANDREW McKNItiHT,	PKLHAM KVBSERY CO.	nln.tr one, while Bnffon end OoetUe
Outfit free

Mi shout Nov. e white, the
€
r-EHCtNQ and cemetery work a speciality
many Unde of people, may actually
Tort
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
were active octog»oarlaos.-New Turk
Shawville, R K. No. 1
To BUN TO.
I


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
MEN, ATTENTION I
4 Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests.
<v
\t Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
Have you thought of us when the New Winter Underwear was mentioned ?
SVHiCRIPTION, |t A Y MA R IN ADVANCE
*r All Arrears must be paid up before •anj p »per is discontinued.
Œo 5nbeators
advkrtisino rates.
Legil Advertising, 10cent» per line for 1*1 insertion and ft cents per line or each mi b<e<itient insertion
Dullness cards not exceeding one Inch msertod at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the Kite of 8 cents per line for first Insertion C j 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be In h«‘rtei until forbidden and charged for accordingly*
Birth, marriage and death notices pub Jishe.t free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
THOSE WHO, FROM TIME TO TIME. HAVE FUNDS REQUIRING
INVESTMENT, MAY PURCHASE AT PAR
DOMINION OF CANADA DEBENTURE STOCK
V
We have a complete assortment of Fall and Winter Weight in Combinations and in Two Pieces.
IN SUMS OF $500 OR ANY MULTIPLE THEREOF
an
Principal repayable 1st October, 1919.
Interest payable half-yearly, 1st April and 1st October by cheque (free of exchange at any chartered Bank in Canada) at the rate of five per cent per annum from the date of purchase.
Holders of this stock will have the privilege of surrendering at par and accrued interest, as the equivalent of cash, in payment of any allotment made under any future war loan issue in Canada other than an issue of Treasury Bills or other like short date security.
Proceeds of this stock arc for war purposes only.
A commission of one-quarter of one per cent will be allowed to recognized bond and stock brokers on allotments made in respect of applications for this stock which bear their stamp.
For application forms apply to the Deputy Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
DEPARTMENT OP FINANCE. OTTAWA.
OCTOBER 7th, 1916.
or
I
Stanfield’s Unshrinkable Watson’s Unshrinkable JYova Scotia Unshrinkable Fleece Lined
Boy’s Underwear in all sizes.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
cheaply executed, promptly attended to$
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
HALL, SHAWM LIE :
o
B. LODGE, No. 304. meet» 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
E. Workman, Rec.-Secy.
L. O L No. 27, meet» 1st Tuesday of ea< h month.
J. B. Armstrong.
W.M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meet» on the 14th of each
M N. Hoduins.
Vf. Comp. In Com
O. >
w. G. Cowan, W. M.
FIREWOOD WANTED
For Service

Reo. Hoduins, Secy.
Tenders for the supply of good, sound dry pine and good sound body hardwood—beech, birch and maple- will be received for the different schools of the Township of Clarendon, up to l o’clock, p. m., Saturday, December 2nd, 1916.
M. A. McKINLEY,
Asst. Sec.-Tress.
Shaw ville, Que., Nov. 13, 1916.
Purebred Chestcrwhlti Hog. Fee— $1.00. Apply to
J. W. BROWNLEE.
Shaw ville. SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTH
Rko. Hodoins. Com. Scribe.
OYEReOATS
West Land Regulations
For Service
The sole head of a family, or any male Chesterwhite Hog—Maple Leaf Jock,'over 18 years old, may homestead a No. 13626. Terms-$1.00 for one, $1.50 quarter section of available Dominion
for two. Ap|*l£MAs THOMPSON.	1,1 Manjtob*. Saskatchewan or Al
R. R No. ), Shaw ville. , berta. Applicant must Appear in i>envn
__ 'at the Dominion Lands Agency or SubI Agency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lauds Agency (but not Sub Agency), on certain conditions.
Duties -Six months residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine miles of his homestead on a farm of at least 80 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house is required except where residence is (performed iu the vicinity.
Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
In certain districts a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter section alongside his homestead. Prim $3.00 per acre.
Duties—Six months residence in each of three years after earning homestead patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may lie obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00
Professional Cards.
We would like to mention that we have a a very good assortment of Little Gents’ Boys’ and Men’s Overcoats. Good dependable fabrics and conscientious workmanship.
OUR PLACE IN THE SUN.
DR. A. H. BEERS
For Service.
Human Beings, Like Plants, Need Much
of the Outdoor Life.
A home without windows was built for the blind In a certain English community. Scientific heating and ventilation were provided. But architects and trustees reasoned that light was not necessary In a house of sightless people.
Then they discovered that human beings, like plants, dwindle and die when ieprived of the light of the sun. And they had to remodel their building and let In the gun's rays to keep the blind llive.
Since the invention of the electric light we have all treated sunlight with amazing Indifference. In summer especially we spend much time, thought, energy and money protecting ourselves from the sun.
And In so doing we often are acting not much more wisely than the committee that built a house without light for the blind. In summer, for Instance, we try to escape the sun when we actually need Its services In the cause of ;ood health.
So take your work and play out of loors when possible. Don't fear sunstroke. Don't be afraid of sweat and
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
McGill University.	,	„	,
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	,
Licentiate of Dental Surgery. Quebec.
Berkshire Hog, registered, No. 43128 Terms
. QtTR.
$1.00 for one. $1.50 for two.
IRA HANNA,
7th Line. Radford
4
For Service
i
C. F. HODCINS CO
Registered Berkshire Boar for service. Fee $1.00.
FOR SALE—Pure bred Plymouth Rock Roosters for sale.
GEO. E. PALMER,
Clarendon Front
S. A. MACKAT
Many young persons just out or nign school are very careless about their grammar. Perhaps they think no one pays nny attention to what they say or how they say It, but the verson com-patent to Judge very qullkly passes Judgment on them and quite frequently lays the blame on the teacher or the
STONE CANNON BALLS.
For Service.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
Berkshire Hog. Service fee $1 for one, oi $1.50 for two.
Que.
They Were Used n Iron Guns That Were Held Together by Screw».
in these days of huge projectile» turned to lit exactly Into cannon that are as near mechimh ally perfect as modern engineering can make them It | school system.
Is almost imi>o8slblc lo believe that at one time I be Turks carried on effective warfare with wrought Iron cannon screwed together and tiring stone can non balls.
—	Two of these cannon balls are to (n water"—the despairing and dying
D« Kb B A K K T f IXs We be seen at (he museum of Hobart col John Keats desired that admission of
_ . nnioTiB t nx/ofâTF A.C. lege at Geneva, N. Y.	defeat engraved for his epitaph.
BARRISTER, ADYUOAT», •	They were used by the Turks In -Write me as one who loved his fel-
their war against the kingdom of h0w men." was Leigh Bunt's aspira-Cyprus, one of the numerous Christian tlon.
states which grew out of the crusades To be remembered as tbe author of
The stronghold of the enemy was the the Declaration of Independence and of	k'rinnin^ m «’• s ,s m a -
city of Famagusta. In 1571 the Turks the first statute for religious freedom copied form of sp^'t var,y English undertook to reduce Its walls. For hind as the founder of tbe University	ls sbown by an advertisement
nearly n year they burled stone can- of Virginia, this was Thomas Jeffer- announcing a gold ring to be grinned ¦ non balls against them. The stones son's prayer to posterity.	for men on Oct 0 at the Swan,
varied In weight from a few pounds to	Thus one may go the range. And	ColeshUl heath, Warwickshire, which
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC several hundred. In order to conserve	thus the lines recur:	appeared In the Post Boy of Sept. 17,
the force of the explosion the balls	Ambition la our Idol, on whose wing#	171L Addison gives a detailed ae-
were made to tit the bore of the can-	Great minds ere carried only to extreme	count of one of these "controversies of
non a# nearly as possible, and they	| To be sublimely great or to be nothing.	faces," telling us that tbe audience | FARM FOR SALE |
ddavi, nci i	were tired with great deliberation.	-------------- unanimously bestowed the ring on a ,	I
PHONE BELL	xbls mcthodf though crude, was at	Paternal Sarcasm.	[cobbler who "produced several new j Being 8. fc. half çf lot M, nil !vt | 5f !
¦	r	A	lip	that time regarded as the height of	A father. In tbe stillness of night	grins of his own invention, having	8th range, Clarendon, comprising 3501
lie	ERNEST	UABOURi, LL# 0#	retiuement In elegy warfare. The city	called downstairs to bis daughter sol-	been used to cut faces for many years	j acres, more or less. This is known as a]
finally surrendered because Its food wanly:	| together over his last'•	good grain and dairy farm
supply was cut off. It was found that “Hannah, what time Is ItT	His performance was something like good hardwood hash. Will be sold en
the stone projectiles hod done great	A pause and Hannah answered:	this: "At tbe very first grin he cast	bloc or separately to suit. Terms, cheap
damage to tbe walls and spread terror	"It's Just a quarter after 10. father."	[every human feature out of bis couu-	for cash, or to responsible party will
among the defenders. At the siege of	“All right," tbe father said. "And	, tcnance, at the second be simulated	arrange term# to suit.
Wti; be	in	Furt Coulong.- every Wed-	Constantinople In 1463 atone shot were	Hannah, don't forget to start tbe clock	j the face of a spout, at the third that	I Apply to T. A. Kaubs, Shawville, I	West	half of 13	a,	4th	range,	Bristol,
,.r#rr fUturdar	also used by tbe Turks effectively. As	ignln after tbe youug man goes out to	of a baboon, at the fourth the head of	Que., or K. N. Fades, owner, Krnfold, containing	100	acres	(more	or	leas)
'	1 1	‘	*	late •• 1807, when the Turks defended jet his breakfast."—Washington Star. n bass viol and at the fifth a |«ilr of Saak.	known as The Old Oraham Farm,
Constantinople against the British,	------------- nut crackers." Addison adds that a -----------------------------------------I situated 1^ miles from Maryland station
these guns were used effectively, as the j	Cheee In Ancient Ceylen.	comely wench whom he had wooed In IP A RM FHR q at p |(C. P R.): also convenient to churches
records of the British war offlee show. | |„ ancient Ceylon the game of chess va,n tor morc thou flve X«:ir> was **	* ILIXaL r VU, OALlCj and school
was played with local variations pe- « banned with bla grin, lhat she war	_______.	.___ I Also 8. W. quarter of 14 a, range 5,
CARELESS ABOUT GRAMMAR.	T
like a knight till checked. The pawn,	Bit., a. ftequir*.	RUt,on
s sxttrjss zr zzuzs -- =%«cmlyhs
vz'jstzx sr	issufr&sj-...............—-
Th.lr Id... ..	brûle. ..I»	W"*	«%?» Ur«" «"*
-™1 w‘" T!'.," "r'irJÈJ'
there was little prospect of agreement,	111 ‘	:	..	;	. n
-The person who took tbe tbermome- I when suddenly ibe lady demanded:
-	1 "WEI be biter
“Only his meat, mum." responded tbs fancier.
"Oh, but I wanted one for tramps."
"Tramps Is Ills meat, mum," was the artful reply, and there was a dcql, after all—Exchange.
FRED RICHARDSON,
R. R. No. 1, Shawvllle.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
For Service
ADVOCATE,
Campbells Bay, Que
Will visit Shawvllle -very Saturday
Pure bred Brrk'hire hog for i vice. Terms
$1.00 for one sow, $1.50 for two. .IAS. McLARNON.
4th Con. Clarendon.
Ambition.
Tbe scroll of fame has variant at
tractions for different minds.
“Here lies one whose name was writ
per acre.
Duties—Must reside .six months each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $.W>.
W. V « JOKY,
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior.
N. R.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement w ill not be paid for
For Service
For service a pure Vliestei White. Fee $1.00.
JOHN SMILEY, Starks Cornera.
tau.
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
ft Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
Grinned Into Matrimony.
For Service
When you want the best value for your
. money In ..
Purebred Chester* bite Hog. Service fee— $1.00. Apply to
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C
NORMAN DUDS,
Maryland,
Ud 11 -a 4th Range, Bristol
SHINGLES
at $1.65 per M- and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboard# Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ng Mouldings Doors etc. try
A, F. CAMPBELL,
KOI 58
Arnprior, Ont.
196 Main St. - Hull.
100 acres
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER k SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QÛE.
FOR SALE
GEORGE HYNES
Lnbalmer and funeral Director
Main Street.Shawville.
A Widespread Fault That a Little Thought Would Correct.
.	. Tbe young woman who Is careless
rd! onalatttintion.openall (lours, [about the way She speaks, who thinks
good grammar should be used only by teachers and those engaged Is "brain work." Is making e most serious mistake.
Stole a Useless Thing.
An Indignant merchant who bad been robbed of a thermometer put this no» tire In his window;
V
A. P. SMITH
UNDERTAKING
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
<
The manner In which a person ex
«d EMBALMING
ter from my door had better return it It will be of uo use where be Is going, is It registers only 125 degrees."
presses himself or herself—tbe use of
FARM FOR SALE
good grammar or the lack of it-stamps the speaker as either ¦ person of edu cation or of very little learning.
Am i Margaret any betterr a young girl was beard asking a chum one day. "No, she ain't a bit better," her friend answered.	¦
Both girls were well d
HAYES * FINDLAY
SHAWV1LLI
Being the N. K Quarter of Lot No. 7 in the ">tb range of Bristol, containing 80 acres, more or less, about half of which is cleared ; balance in bush. Lae house, stable and milk house erected
themNiHHHHHHMtoHiHM
First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday,-Elmside
Austin
Their Fears.
“I’m afraid, my dear, that you weot to sleep during that learned discourse," said the women with a strong sense of
Inly.
"Yea." replied her husband. “Wbea ic started I was afraid 1 wouldn't"— Washington Star.
(opposite J. H. Shaw ».
All c-fills will receive prompt lier
Honni attention.
Second Wednesday,
Bristol, • - First Thursday,
Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
Wyman, • - First Friday,
Shawville • First Saterday,
Yarn • Last Monday, ot each month.
Disorder.
1 distrust both tbe Intellect and rallty of people to whom disorder Is of
8oH clay and loam. Good One mile and a half from Mary
, one mile from Chid For terms and full partira
and
j. v. FINDLAY looked as though they came from

W. j H A Y is.
Evidently a ear# had
fortable bo
land R. R. stat well P. O
MRX WM
or leas that which la
In time for a matinee seemed to each to be the paramount Issue of Ufa
of 'hrs
The mind Is like
those dark lanterns which In spite of everything etifl thro *¦¦¦¦¦¦
Told Him
4 «HH
ta do jeu tall thl
ng my dslighter? Suitor (without • j *
<#-operative af I
SOMERVILLE
yt- What
Father
MPTLYSEC
si
light
crude their speech was, but they were absolutely Indifferent as to what opta»

? O' t
If our tastes did not reveal
Ib all ountries A*k for ot TOR g ADVISER wmeh will b
MAKUON A MAIUOV.
Ml ' - -
I .WEN-
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
Bert Irr ¦
•uaterl-lt'e a wort of
heard them.
N4 University
^
###PAGE###6###
I
| last, looking round furtively—for he was ever cautious—he dived into one of the small entrances in Lawrence Lane, and mounting two flights of stairs, entered the front room. This 1 was the home, or rather, perhaps, 9 refuge from the conventions of society, fl that Mr. Vermont possessed. Here he I could find shelter at any time of the I night, for he possessed a private key; ^ and by his orders the bed was kept g I constantly aired and ready by the housekeeper, who had her own rooms on the floor above
_ ual thing for her to leave the rooms H tenantless late in the evening, and And M them occupied when she rose in the



9f #'
Give the “Kiddies ÀS1 They Want of
%/*/
'"him
¦
-f
CROWN BRAND «fâ.
cornSsïrbp 4M
Mufant
I



ÜÛU

&
It whs no unus-
!t Is one of the delicious "good things'* that has a real food value.
A slice of your good homemade bread, spread with "Crown Brand", forms a perfectly balanced food, that Is practically all nourishment.
So—let them have it on biscuits and pancakes, and on their porridge If they want it.
You’ll like it, too. on Griddle Cakes-on Blanc Mange and Caked Apples. And you'll find It the most economical sweetener you can use, for Cakes, Cookies. Gingerbread and Pies.
Have your husband get a tin. the next time he is in town— a 5. 10 or 20 pound tin—or a 3 pound glass jar.
THE CANADA STARCH CO. LIMITED
CARDINAL. BRANTFORD. FORT WILUAN.
Cn-ii Stott;»-J
ami ••Stiver (Slot*” Laund:



«


#
enjoy, in your own home,
as smooth, clean and comfortable a shave as the city man, or as anyone else in this broad Dominion? Why shouldn't you own and use the keenest, speediest, most convenient shaving tool In tho world—the
mm
morning, Jasper having arrived during the dead of night, silently as was his invariable custom.
Tho second morning after his sudden return to town, Mr. Vermont was in his sitting-room, which was very plainly burnished indeed, partaking of a breakfast? so simple that his fashionable friends would scarcely have believed the evidence of their own eyes.. When he had finished, and the table had been cleared, he went over to the
------' roll-top desk which stood in an angle |
from his face at hope coming so quick- !*-v *bo window, and opened it, disclos-ly from this unexpected quarter, Pd°# °f letters, sheets of closely-, “Why, it's as good as the Bank of written foolscap and slips of memor-1 England. Barker take it?—he'll *ndum forms. On the corner of the snap at it. Only try him and see his	stood n telephone which cim-
greetiy eyes glisten. What could municabed with Barker’s private room, Barker get by selling me up?—nb- downstair# in the offices; they solutely nothing. Besides, it would dignified by the name of Barker's do him harm by letting others know	ar>d were, of course, those of
how harshly he served me. Oh no, tbe money-lending business which was I Barker will not sell me up if ho can carr.icd on bV Vermont in that name, find such an easy, safe way out of the Taking up the receiver now, he asked
Barker to come up to him
XV ithin the next few minutes, George

ill

â’wARDSBURt


f
%»' &
Our new recipe book, "Desserts •nd Candles \ will show you how to make a lot of really delicious dishes with "Crown Brand". Write for a copy to our Montreal Of lice.
BL &
MONTREAL
1% sybJj

y —a/xÀ.	r
^lllllllilllllllIMlllllllllllllllllllllllllWII**”"11
"Hiimnmiw

Gillette

320
O
'm
V

I
Safety Razor
THROUGH THE DARK SHADOWS
iV }
were
Or The Sunlight of Love
The thin Gillette Blades, electrically hardened, honed with diamond duzt, stropped In wonderful automatic machines, carry an edge whose uniform, lasting keenness has never been matched. The curved Gillette head holds them rigid—guarded—adjustable by a turn of the handle for a light or close shave.
With the Gillette there's no need for honing, stropping, or careful working round the chin or angle of the jaw I There are no preliminaries—the razor is ready for business—you just pick it up and shave, with the easy angle stroke. In five minutes or less.
The Gillette "Bulldog*', "Aristocrat"and Standard Sets cost $5—Pocket Editions $5 and $6—Combination Sets $o.bO up. At Hardware, Drug. Men's Wear and Jewelry stores
Gillette Safety Razor Co. of Canada, Limited
Office and Factory j GILLETTE BUILDING, MONTREAL

I
CHAPTER XIII
liked fellows in town
Neither, Ver- difficulty."
1 lie morning following the disas-J njont; but I have just come from the "True." h-ous steeplechase. Mr. Jasper Ver- city."	“Well. I'll interview Leroy and see if _ ,
mont ordered his car, and then sat < of the Tombs! drawled Jas- ] can persuade him to assist? you as a Marker was standing before the mns-J?wn to write to Adrien. He told. P®r facetiously.	friend of mine; I believe I can do it ter both hnted and feared, lie was
him that he regretted having to leave ( apbam Beaumont laughed, but for you. Going to Lady Merivale's very taI1» with a tbin. lined face, from the Castle so suddenly, buturgent busi- rather mournfully.	to-night? Yes? Then we shall meet whicb 8,1 light and hope seemed to
ness required his presence in London, “)**,' bo said, "all my hopes are 'again; till then, au revoir."	have fled. His whole being appeared
and that he would return to Barmin- buried in that beastly place. Really,1 So, with a shake of his fat «mooth trapped up in attendance on Jasper ster as soon as possible.	the County Council ought to put a hand, the benevolent, unselfish Mr. I Vermont. He watched him eagerly
On the appearance of the motor, he notice over the west side of Temple Vermont took his departure, still «mil- now» not speaking until he was spoken took his departure, travelling direct bo Mar monument instead of that heraldic jng serenely, on the business which to’ but simPly waiting patiently, dog-Jermyn Court, where he stayed to ! boast :	‘Abandon hope all ye who en- had brought him bhat day to London ged,y, till his master was ready tx> at-
lunch, waited on by the attentive Nor- ter ber*;’ ”	v	Nobody knew Jasper's prive te ad-1ten<1 to him-
gate as though he had been Adrien Mr. ' ermont laughed, in	his usual	dress. He was always to be found	Vermont drew the heap of
himself. Then, having filled his cig-	‘luiet way.	with Adrien Leroy, and all letters	PftPer* towards him—with keen eyes
ur-case with his friend's choicest	How's that? The city is good on- were addressed to his club, or to «ml quick brain grasped the multitude
Cabanas, he strolled through the fash- in its way. What have they Jermyn Court; but of the locality of of facts they set forth, checked the lonnble parts of the park.	been doing to you; won't they lend that plat e which Mr. Vermont would long column of figures, struck the bal-
The loungers and idle men of fa-	you any more money ?"	sanctify by the name of "home"	ancc85 and, with a nod of satisfaction,
shion who usually frequented it at that “Worse even than that,"	said the	everyone was ignorant. Whenever	,ooked UP at the man before him.
time of the day knew him well, and	y°un* spendthrift; "they	actually	questioned on this subject-he never'	“Al1 right Marker, as far as I can
nodded with forced smiles of friend-, want me to repay all that I owe them obtruded the matter on anybody—it	and, a« you know, that's nil the
ship—it was clearly to their interest already, on short notice, with the usual was his custom to answer lightly:	! way am1 n little beyond. But we must
to be on good, if possible, cordial threats if I fail to comply within their ] "Home! what does such a waif such do hetter than that. Where's the terms with a man who always had the ^me."	, ,	a jetsam and flotsam of the world's Private account ?"
entree to the innermost circles, and	. °h- remarked Mr.	Vermont ,	flowing tide, want with a home ? Real-1	"Mere, sir," said Marker, in a dry,
who had won the confidence of a popu- sirnply; but his "oh" was full of |y, my dear boy"—or madam if the rasping voice, somewhat? like the !ar favorite like Adrien Leroy.	meaning and apparent sympathy for speaker happened bo be of the gentler creakin* of an old, rusty-hinged door.
Those who had not been personally the misfortunes of his friend.	sex—"if ever you have occasion to see* “Where?—oh, yes, I see. Oh. Pax-
introduced to Jasper, had sbill heard	that hard hearted old skin- me, I am sure to be at one of these horn has come to us, has he? Writing
reports of his position, and looked	fllnt>	Marker—what a mean brute he	three places; Leroy's	chambers, my	Poetry is not n Paying game, eh? Or
after him with that half-envious air	ls?	1 should like to bury him, and	club — the Pallodeon,	or Barminster	is it the fine, grand company that runs
which says so plainly.	would abtend his funeral gladly to be Castle."	. | away with the golden counters? Well,
* There goes the kind of prosperous, certain I had seen the last? of him. He And, accordingly, to one of these a11 fish—or idiots—that come to our wealthy man I myself should like to] h°,d* a pretty little tot-up in the way places his fashionable acquaintances net are welcomed, no matter what
be;r „	! 40f , 8 of m*neî and 1 expected, na- directed their inquiries for him. Mr. wind drives them. Thirty per cent.
Mr. \ ermont strolled along, his face Lkrally enough, when I called on the Vermont, however, really possessed a from Paxhorn. No more?" wreathed in a perpetual smirk of re-	f‘rm»	that they would renew them at	home, small, it is true, but one quite	"* could not get any more, sir," said
cognition, his hat off half a dozen	the usual Shylock rates, and I could	suitable to his needs,	and absolutely	Marker earnestly; "I tried—tried hard
times a minute, acknowledging the *y elsewhere for something to go on secluded from the possible knowledge -“indeed 1 did, I assure you. I would smiling glances accorded to him. w,th."	of hig blends in the gay worl(1 , not give in until he threatened to
W hen he had nearly come bo Hyde “*•»” saJti Mr. Vermont, “of After leaving Captain Beaumont, he to another office Park Gate, he was confronted by one course, that's the way you have done had himself driven to the City. Alight- “Hem, well I suppose it's the truth; of t he hungers—an old acquaintance for years."	ing in front of a large jeweller's shop, though, of course, all moneylenders
of his—whose woe begone countenance	C aptain Beaumont nodded.	apparently with the intention of pur- 1 are rogues—and you're only a money-
seemed expressive of acute mental	"y*; that's so; but Marker only chasing something, he dismissed his1 lender. y°u know." He looked up for
distress.	shook that long head of his, and refus- car; then when it had disappeared, a moment to laugh at Vhe logical joke.
Jasper \ ermont recognized him in, 6,1 meî and nothing I could say would walked quickly along tfie crowded “Who backs his paper? Lord Standon. spite of his altered appearance—usu- change the old skinflint's mind either, thoroughfare for some distance. At 0h' my ,ord is Pretty deep in our books ally a very gay one—and stopped X ou know that cock-and-bull story he smamnm ^ already, isn't he? him.	always tells, aboub his not being the	j statistics?"
"What, Beau!" he exclaimed, with principal, but only the servant? Well,	; "Here, sir," said Marker, taking
seemingly effusive warmth; "you be *ays his principal has instructed j	~	\ of the papers from the heap.
here; whatever have you been doing him to call in my bills, and it is im- v T	___Jasper Vermont glanced at it, and
ommitting murder? Or have you Possible for him to renew them; and ^3 laid it down again with an evil smile married in haste, to repent of it at that the usual steps will be taken if I	"Sfr /	j on his face.
leisure ?”	am not able to meet them."	VÜ 1 il \Vr-N j "Oh, he's good for more than thab.
Marker; but be cautious. Well lend ! him another ten thousand; but put five per cent. Lords must pay, to set the fashion to commoner folk. By the way, Captain Beaumont-------”
"Whose bills you instructed me bo call in, sir."

as soon as
said Jasper pleasantly

220
various
.
-,

Couldn't be Rude.
“Are you in love with young “Darling, I love you so much Smith?	would gladly die for you."
In love! I despise him.”	"That's very nice of you, George,
"Hut I saw him kiss you good but it wouldnt do me any good. I’d
nigbtr” _	., , ,	80 much rather you'd make a good
Oh, I couldn t be rude."	living for me than a glad dying."
Practical Girl
ma
I
----GOOD DIGESTION
When your digestion is faulty, weakness sad pain are certain and disease is Invited.
Mother 8curl# Syrup correcte end etimoletei (ho digestive or|enef and banish ee (bel ai!au me which erUe tram indl|cetioo.
FOR
40YEARS The Staioaid REMEDY
FOR STOMACH AND LIVER TROUBLE
I
I
Nil


V
I
Be Proud of
Your “Company” Cake
Made with Fire Roses Flour, it keeps its freshness and flavour longer. Light, but firm of texture, it won't crumble under the keen-edged knife. Your guests arc sure to
praise it.
Where are his
one
says his principal has instructed fc him to call in my bills, and it is impossible for him to renew them; and j^ that the usual steps will be taken if I (¦ am not able to meet them.”
Jasper laughed, with genMe sarcasm. , “Of course, that's always the , moneylender's excuse. I'm afraid he will sell you up, Beau.”
Captain Beaumont whistled.
My dear Vermont, it will be awful shock for the governor. He can only give us younger sons a small allowance, and he certainly won't be ^ able to settle this matter; it would be sf altogether beyond him.”
What is the amount?"
Jasper. He was as well aware ________
the young captain himself, of Lord J Dunford’s financial difficulties.
'Well, not much,” replied Captain Beaumont. "Only seven thousand; q but it’s no good my going to the [j gov'nor for a penny piece, and how s to clear it up is more than I can tell.
But why do you ask?” he added, though with but faint eagerness. "Do j you think you could find anyone able to . help me out of this beastly hole?”
I "Well I might,” said Jasper, eyeing : his meditatively, as if seeking from its fumes some inspiration as to a method of aiding his friend.
"I only know one way to prevent Marker taking extreme measures,” went on the troubled debtor; “that is if I could get someone to back
Now if, say, Adrien Leroy, were to back some bills for me, Barker certainly would not refuse; but I hardly in a position to ask Leroy '
' But I am," said Vermont, smiling with the consciousness of power; "and I will do it for you, for old friendship’s
“You will!” exclaimed the Captain I gratefully/ "Jasper, you're a brick!
I feel sure, somehow, he will do it for you. I should stand no chance are a good fallow to come to cue in this fashion.”
"Ah," said Mr. Vermont, with a I lie; "but can we be sure that Bar- i
S1TÏ
"Neither, my dear boy,” answered the well-groomed young man—a captain in the "Household” Guards—one of the fastest and most generally-
;
on

5
an
FOR BREADS * CAKES-PU DDINCS -PASTRI ES*
\
(To be continued)

=- r

USE AFRICAN LABOR

inquired S#
as was
2,000 South African Natives to Work
in France.
With regard to the scheme for sending South African natives to France, 2,000 Cape boys, or half-caste natives, are being forwarded in advance of the 10,000 for which arrangements were originally made. The majority of the selected natives have previously had experience of work in the mines of the Transvaal and life in the compounds under a quasi military discipline. They will be placed in charge of officers of good standing in South Africa, "who know how to treat them wisely. Some of the officers have served previously as magistrates in the districts ed for natives.
Neither Cape boys nor natives proper will be permitted to offer for ¦ vice at the front; they are to be employed exclusively at tke seaports in the south of France, and kept strictly Within the compounds. They have volunteered for the work, being satisfied with the wages offered and other conditions, and they will be sent back to South Africa aa soon as their help ceases to be required.

Admiral Jellicoe
looks for
Canadians



Underwear
CLIPPING into a
^ suit of Penmans
the ma-
The best sugar for the sugar bowl is

it satisfying tens] feels good,and you feel good about it, because you know as far as underwear is concerned you are following the precedent of our best dressed women. All styles, all weigh all right.
x
The Royal Naval Canadian Volunteer Reserve
Division

Its purity and "fine” granulation give it the highly sweetening power. It dissolves instantly in your teacup or on yourbreakfast cereal.
N

Ov
reserv-
*
will enrol 2000
new
II,
Penmans Limited Parle
aer-
am
2 and 5-lb Cartons
1
free Kit
Ft further particulars apply Ss
The Nearest Naval Recruiting Station
10 and 20-lb
Bag.
/
>
You
Drafts Men for Farming.
It is announced from Constantinople that the Turkish Government
m>
!
ai the
R.
lsion for agricultural work dur lag tbs war. A^gggg|B0gljÙ military service, Including
E
N.
1
bille T"
C V.
"The AH-hirjH »	^ 77
eJ ft
Marker
R.
any.
wouldn't?" asked
the
as the
###PAGE###7###
i QUEEN ANSWERS REALIZE THAT THE
AN OBJECTOR WAR IS LOST
J in* «mall bars of layender at the ends ate heartily In this urgently neces-of clothes hangers.	sary work, by encouraging the men to
I If your umbrella handle comes out, take fullest advantage of the curative instead of gluing on the handle try and educational opportunities given winding a thread around the stick and them, and afterwards by seeing that then screwing on the handle.	they get work. Local committees
When brushing carpets have a basin have been formed for this purpose in of warm water handy, and dip the many towns, but much more has to be brush into it occasionally. This pre- done in this way. vents the dust from rising, and makes The treatment, most carefully car-the colors look clear and bright.	ried out in accordance with the latest
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦iboiling when you put the pudding in.I The peel of potatoes, after being discoveries and the proved results of No matter what the vegetarians may and keep it boiling for one and a half dried *n the oven, will light the fire medical experience, includes ¦ay, and no matter how earnestly we hours. If you use a gas stove this Quickly instead of using wood, thus forms of strengthening may be assured that meat is unneces- *a n°t a very economical dish, as it saving expense, and being more often requiring special and costly ap-cary and that it is one of the most ex- takes a long time for cooking, but if healthy than if allowed to stay in the parafais; the scientific use of electric-pensive forms of food, we all keep on done *a a steamer at> the same time as dustbin, eating it and, incidentally, growling the vegetables the one burner does for about the price, so maybe we may find all, and it is not then extravagant, some consolation and some profit in the consideration of the capabilities of a ham.
I About the 1 House
Useful Hints and General Information for the Busy Housewife
REPROVED FOR ATTITUDE ON COMPULSORY SERVICE.
THE GERMANS ARK NOW FIGHT
ING FOR PEACE.
Economical Dishes With Ham
Wilhelmina of Holland Says Every Hope to (.'rush Kouniania and Anno) Man Must Defend Hearth and Home.
many exercises,
Britain Into Ending
IBB HBB PB I B IIP
ity, massage, and continuous baths for
For a shabby umbrella take half a affected limbs; with wise dieting and * young Dutch artist, M. J. liage- The Stockholm correspondent of cupful of strong t»ea and two table- fresh air as a matter of course.	meyer, recently addressed a letter to the London Chronicle sends the fol-
spoonfuU of sugar,	open	the	umbrella	Occupation is often as necessary	Queen Wilhelmina	on compulsory	lowing: The facts with regard to the
Four	f ood	R . i	r	r	U	!	***** sponge well.	The	tea	will re-	and beneficial as rest itself, in its cura-	military service, to which he said he	official German attitude on the pre-
ece ***	ror	I	vive the color and	the	sugar stiffen	tive and strengthening effect on body	had a conscientious	objection. Re-	sent position of the war, together with
We can almost hear you exclaim- ^ne-Egg	Cake.—%	cup	butter,	1	* the material.	and mind. Classes are therefore	minding the Queen	of the words	an outline of the course to be pursued,
“But ham is dear’1; it is but it is ©con- fUp 9U*ar’ 1	* 2-3 cups flour, 1 V% An old sponge which is almost worn held at the hospitals, for instruction which, he said, her Majesty had slung have been told to me by a distin-
omicnl, because there is not a single	teaspoons of baking powder, H out ant* falling to pieces can be made and practice in many arts and indus-|or hurled into the world, “Christ guished neutral who is a resident in
bit of waste about i* Every particle °UP milk‘ ('ream tbe butter, add to last almost as long again if a bag tries, such as carpentry and wood- avant tout,” he maintained that this Berlin and who for a few days has of the meat can be used and hambone	fradual,y the 8UK»r and then the	well-( crocheted with some soft knitting	carving, metal and	leather working,	Christian standpoint was	incompat-	been -visiting in Sweden. My inform-
• makes the moat delicious flavoring for	beaten ***' Mix and sifb the	flour | cotton, and the sponge placed in it, the	typewriting and book-keeping, me-	ib,e with military service.	He asked	ant speaks with the knowledge that
* soup.	It	is	true	that	a	whole ham	is	*"d bakin* P°wder Add alternately	ends being crocheted	together.	chanical drawing and elementary en-	her Majesty to clear up what he re-	he is not	a	casual	foreigner in	Berlin,
a big	proposition	fora	small	family	to	th® milk to the flrat mixture.|	As the	cane chair	seats get	out	of	gineering, gardening, bee-keeping and	yarded as a contradiction between	but one whose business brings	him	in
. handle, but it la possible to buy a half Bake thirty minutes in a moderate shape, turn up the seats, and with hot poultry-raising.	her words, “Christ before all,” and touch with public life and public men
or if you have bought the whole there °V^lL ,	1 water and 8oaP’ wash the cane work These all help to increase the capa- her action as ruler in summoning him there, and who has special facilities
is no need to eat lb all in a week for	Cocoe Cake.—1 egg, 1 cup sugar, % until thoroughly soaked, and * leave	city of the patients,	and to lessen the	to the colors for service in	killing his	for knowing the minds of political
it keeps well and can be served in so	CUP °f lardf 1 teaspoon salt, 5	tea- the chairs to dry upside down in the	effeeb of any injury	they have receiv-	fellow-men.	leaders. 1 present him narrative as
spoons cocoa, 1 cup sour milk, 2	air, when	the seats	will become	firm	ed, by getting them into practice for	Queen Wilhelmina caused the fol-	nearly as	I	can in	his own words:
scant cups flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1	and tight	again.	such industries as they can profitably	lowing reply to be addressed to M
It i« n ,,n,	nI. f ,	i teaspoon soda. Mix together in The tip of a kid glove finger may be undertake. The medical and educa- Hagemeyer:
¦t,»nnin«r in ff	a ham order given and bake in a slow oven, stretched over the knob on the lid of tional officers try first to discover
P t	, or a *ew bour« Frost with icing of confectioners’ sug- pots and pans. This to prevent what each man is most likely to sue.	.	• n . 9 0 makc 11 mor® ar» cocoa and milk mixed to a thick burning fingers when they are lifted ceed at, and then to fit him for ib as
thl hrinl	L, uT8 T* PMte-	from the stove. And you can use thoroughly as possible.
a , , j f j own In cold	Molasses Cake.—1 egg, % cup sug- the same “stunt” for the handle of the It has been wisely decided that no Majesty the Queen, I am authorized
k •	..	0	ar» 2-3 cup lard, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup coffee or tea pot.	man shall forfeit any part of his pen- briefly to reply to you.
k «. La. rmK	y untl eour m‘lk, 3 scant cups flour, 2 tea- To remove a blood stain made by a sion on account of his industry and It must be clear to you on any
ton iniddv nr it win k« t w j spoon aoda» 1 teaspoon cinnamon, pricked finger on any silk material, I enterprise in improving his own flnan- reflection that refusal of service, un Kur/i if . i u • ^ ?u*h f, Mix together in order given and bake place about four inches of white sew- cial position.	der whatever form and for whatever	.	.
ijx'ii . afj a*e,18	^ cooked in a slow oven.	ling silk in the mouth and moisten. Eet our readers write without hesi- reasons, can never have the approval niaa pu '
thii tv minute	d put Apple Sauce Cake.—Cream togeth- Then roll into a ball and rub the spot tation bo the Secretary of the Military of the Head of the State, and that	c‘ se™r!‘ pomt 19 C7‘?	‘m
• .yt. k . f *. an	er one-balf cup lard and one cup sug- gently, and the stain will disappear Hospitals Commission at Ottawa, or the Head of the State can never find. Portant- I* 18 recognized that the re: o/i,I*» i	, V e '*** 3!elar* Add one cup raisins, one-quarter as if by magic. Just try it and see. ! to the Provincial Commission at the mitigating circumstances for refusal rvJ’s 0 ™an power are not B^lclen
;r~t L	^ W.1U ie#8poon each °f and nutmeg, one-1	-?- : Provincial capital, asking any forth- j of service. The word a quoted by you 0 «How Germany to conduct the war
v : i	'b nip ‘,ly for the half teaspoon of cloves and one tea- DISABLED CANADIAN SOLDIERS, er information they may desire, or were “hurled into the world,” as you to a victorious issue. The offensive
h!m Keonlt W	u ,p°°.n each of """""on. lemon and	-- giving any practical suggestion re- say. but these words were inscribed °n the So,"lmie 18 8^ Thhey
i 5 ,P . th ?	he c*b- vanilla. Dissolve one teaspoon of What Is Being Done to Restore Their suiting from thought or experience. by her Majesty on a portrait which Î!ave dlusior.s about this. They be-
^nd nut ïn the meat a/oirt °T “ ' ^a in two fblespoona of boiling	Ability and Usefulness.	-?-- her Majesty presented to the Argen- ‘eve can impede the allies, hold
maeeB*
îiiiiiisüi'ieüpE: : ;	..........
::::::
^ i	- -•	ssr,; s
making the caramel sauce.	I ft Tb	,	,	ence	V	Seeing Stars by Day.	j yourself firmly on that alone. Do moral effect on them. Then they are
Caramel Sauce.-To the contents of ;lnd- c|ean by "rubbTn^ with soft news Every disabled soldier is medically Although it is an old belief that your duty and try to serve Christ by, going to throw discretion to the wind, the baking pan add a cup of cold wat-	aftJ ea.h 7	*	examined on arriving at Quebec. If the stars can be seen in daylight from observing always in your nearest sur-, with reference to submarines. They
œ ssrat	: a ss —% irsr « a s	sra
tie cold wnter and 1 tablespoonful of dishin„ the dinner It ba reat heln e*pense and disch.rgd with a pension ? A. Ellison maintains that it has no by theatrical words or deeds^ Once as possible. They will be quite care-caramel. Boil all this together for in keeping the table clem	ror gratuity according to the extent foundation in fact. Writing in the	‘"ten to my advice. There is less of the feelings of neutrals. The
about three minutes and serve in a	of his disability. If he needs further Journal of the British Astronomical no contradiction.	visit of Ambassador Gerrard to Am-
separate sauce boat or pour over the	---'	treatment, he is taken to the hospital Association, Mr. Ellison says that the Tbe letter is signed by Jonkheer erica is undoubtedly connected with
ham. With the shank end of the	Things Worth Knowing.	or sanatorium where the treatment invisibility of the stars in the day- van Geen, the Queen’s private secre- this coming submarine campaign,
ham you can serve braised ham and ,t ¦	. f ,	...	, .	most suitable to his case is available, time is caused by the glare of the tary- ^	Peace Within a Year,
sausages, and with the other slice • them	and, if possible, to that which is atmosphere illuminated by the rays	-	—	“The general idea is not to conquer
creamed ham and hominy.	M , "V .	.	,. .	... nearest his home. Men who cannot of the sun; and that there is no reas-	The Point of View.	but by annoyances, losses and perils
Braised Ham.—Put the ham in kerosene. *	,n	resume their former work on dis-	on why a chimney or other shaft	“This man,” exclaimed the lawyer	to increase the desire for peace which
lukewarm water and soak over night. Ovater* me better fried in nil than	charge from hospital are advised and	should sensibly diminish the glare,	during the course of a trial in the	they are sure exists among some sec-
Then remove the bone carefully and in iard of ^utter	, enabled to take special training for Even with a telescope the visibility of West, “is not insane, and never has tions of the population already. The
put in a saucepan with enough cold	a rood cook is known hv her rbvpr	new occt,pat*ons. This is provided	stars and planets in the daytime de-	been.’’ To keep him in an asylum is	more hateful the war is made for
water to cover it, together with 1 car-	URe 0f left-overs X	frce of cost; and while the men are be-	pends greatly upon their color. Red	a blow directed against human rights,	Great Britain, the more easily will
rot and 1 onion, clean and chopped, and	Anvthimr nta/wi in cold w«t»r will	in&. trained the Dominion Government	or yellow stars are much more easily	an assault upon the sacred institution	she come into line with regard to
6 peppercorn and 1 teaspoonful of	rool more auicklv if salt be added to	"]aintains. them and their families,	seen than white ones, and the tele-	of liberty, and— ’	peace proposals and Germany must
mixed herbs, tied together in a bit of the water.	Mcn needing artificial limbs are taken	scope must be very carefully focused,	“But,” interposed the court, “did	have peace by a year from now. The
cheesecloth. Simmer gently for two1 When a bottle of milk smim seire	to Toronto» where these limbs are	or even a bright star will be invisible	you not prove some weeks ago, when	latter is not stated in so many words,
and a half hours, when the ham the onooHunitv to use it for dtmvh	madc ?nd 8UPP,ietJ without charge,	in the bright sky. The planets Venus	the defendant was on trial for murder,	but that is what the position
should be quite tender. Chop up 1	rut„	*	Men with "crious nerve disorders are	and Mercury, on	the other hand, can	that he has been from	birth an	insane to.”
shallot and fry in one-half ounce of a cut lemon	will remove	the	mark	treatî1 8peciaIly in the Ontario Mill-	be seen better in	daylight than in the	person?”	-+-
butter, not allowing it to get brown, made by striking m.tchc. on white U7	•t,C°bour*- t Ibut n}0^.	pl,n*U ere less The ,awyer emiled in « «uperior V.C. MAN SELLS PAPERS
Pour this over the ham and cook for paint.	Each Provincial Government has ap- , visible in daylight than the stars. way:	________________________________________________________________________
another twenty-five minutes, then take Always use bread crumbs in nre- p”inted, a Commission to help dis-	-?- “Surely, ’he said, “your honor would Won Decoration for Killing Enemy
i*, cut into fairly thick slices end ar-	ference to cracker crumbs	when	fry-	char*cd ™en m *fcuri"K «teady and	An army rifle	is to-day effective	not have it believed that this	court
range around a dish, each slice over-	ing oysters	remunerative work. The Dominion	over a range of 700 yards, whereas in	*8 on the intellectual	plane of that
lapping the other, and put in the oven The housekeeper should bring all Government, and other authorities and ; 1870 the range was only 400 yards. Jury.”
to keep hot while preparing the sau- the sunshine and fresh air into the	u ^	«T A woman doesn't look so attractive
ference to returned soldiers when fill- in the morning, we admit, but at that
ing vacant positiona.	she looks a whole lot better than the
Th«* public can and should co oper- man who has just tumbled out of bed.
i
i
many ways that there is no danger of it becoming monotonous.
Realize War Lost.
“I left Berlin about a week ago. It may be taken as quite definite that
No Contradiction
With reference to your letter of JLhe a“thoritieH realize the war is lost.
August 29 last, addressed to her	facts stand out qu.te clearly to
Germans in power. The first is that
while Germany still retains the power
to manufacture munitions at a large
' and formidable rate, the output of the
allies is now in advance of the Ger-
!

1
through an instinct given it by God All nature is based thereon.
considerable sacrifices. The whole of their new plans will be co-ordinated toward that end. Whatever may be their fears of the future they still have at their command vast fighting forces of various kinds. They are going to use them to bring
"Do Your Duty.”
Smash Roumania First
?


comes
Machine Gun Company
Private George Wilson, of the Highland Light Infantry, who won the Victoria Cross for great gallantry on Sept. 14, 1914, is now selling newspapers on the streets of Edinburgh, Scotland, with the much-coveted decoration pinned to his vest.
He has a pension of $4 a week, which Includes $1 a week for winning the V.C., but Wilson said recently this is not enough to live on. He therefore has resumed selling papers, hia occupation before joining the colors.
The Official Gazette described Wilson's deed of valor which brought him his decoration, as follows:
"For most conspicuous gallantry ot. Sept. 14, near Vernuil, in attacking a hostile machine gun, accompanied only by one man. When the latter was killed he went on alone, and shot the officer and six men working the gun, which he captured.”
sages to go with this dish.
Be a dreamer if you will, but get up and hustle when the alarm clock jingles.
home that she possibly can.
Par boil one pound of sausages, cut Save all the scraps from the table them into rounds, brush with the yolk for the chickens. They enjoy them of *n egg, dip in bread crumbs and and it gives variety for them, fry. Then pile a mound of mashed Bread made from the true and unpotatoes in the center of the ring of denatured whole-wheat flour is a true ham slices, dot the sausage rounds nerve, blood and bone food, neatly over thff potatoes in the in- To do away with the sound of a tersticea of the ham and serve very watch or clock in the sickroom, place
it under a tumbler of a bowl.
Keep a pumice atone near the
It is excellent for


*

I®


hot
Ham Pastry.—Mince six ounces of cooked ham and mix with one half kitchen sink cup breadcrumbs and seasoning. Add cleaDin* acorcred spots off cooking
** enough milk te make a stiff paste. utensiIe-
Line a greased dish with short pastry} e A sllce P*** is an excellent or with mashed potatoes, put in the thin* 10 c,can wh,t* oilelcsth which ham mixture and bake in a hob oven. has ****** disfigured by hot cooking Boil two eggs hard, separate the yolks ut*n"i,R' .	_	,	,
end whites, chop separately and then When the vakc ,n the oven is **«<*7 sprinkle the pie with them, putting tor 1 flnaI Owning, a newspaper the yolks in the center and the whites	into the fire will do the work
around the edge. Cover with a wrl - when filing vegetables never al-rreased paper and put back in the them to stop boiling until they oven Just to heat through and serve. ar* done» or wU1 ** eorry and Savory Pudding—Make a paste of keavy. four ounces of finely chopped suet,
of salt and

i
“Bang?” went the rifles at» the man-
9 tare bed clothes must be dried quickly if they are to retain their stiffness, and flannels If they are n8T~ to shrink.
If soft-boiled eggp remain from

“Oo-oo!" screamed the pretty girl
one half of flour, a pinch
onough water to make a___________
?>11 out, and In the middle put half pound cooked ham minced ,, mixed with ond-half teiepoonful
a nice, decorous, surprised little
She stepped backward into
the arms of a you /
"Oh,” said she, blushing frightened by the rifles.
, . . J _ ft
breakfast, boil them hard at
Es
I beg your
once;

then they ere reedy td use in salads


' 3 ji
or fish
À feed way of keepfaf one's coats
ted ia by ty
- *
"Not at all," said the young ¦¦¦^¦¦aed watch the artib
to
wet
man.
{take them stick and boll hi a well-floured doth.
"Let # go
altera! Police at Selenlkl, Including Inglleh, French, Serbian,	and Italian.
-:.gh: >
the water is
###PAGE###8###
;
<
THE MARKETS
OTTAWA
Winter Fair
HOWICK HALL, OTTAWA
January 16, 17, 18, 19,
NOTICE
POULTRY WANTED.
i
Tie Slawrille Boot ami Shoe Store
1 wish all who owe me would call at my oflice In Shaw ville and settle accounts immediately.
J. W. ARMSTRONG. M. D
Montreal, Que
SHAWVII LE
DHK88ED POULTRY 18
being received nt the Hhawvill Kgg Circle every Tuesday and shipped on i\ commission basis.
Wring us your fowl end we will try mid give you sntiftfnetion.
W. K. N. HODGINflt__
:
(
5
Flour per barrel #0.00 Wheat, pei bushel, 01.8* to 1.50. Oats, per bushel, toe.
Beans per bushel, #4.50.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 35c Potatoes per bag. 1.50c.
Rggs per dozen 33c,
Wool, washed. 48c.
Hides per 100 lbs. 12.00 Pelts 1.00 to 1.50 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskin* each 1 CO to 1.25 Veal Skins, each 90c
R
NOTICE.
1 hereby give notice that I have appointed Thomas II. Kelley to look after and have full c mtrol over my property in North Clarendon, being Lots west | WM. SMITH, m. P
haW "i No. 3 and east hall of No. i. in
the 13th range of Clarendon, f«»r a period of two years from this date.
ÛKO. L. COH RIO AN,
Hehumacher. Out.
u
$16,000 in Cash Prizes.
REPRESENTATIVE
WANTED
b
W. D. JACKSON
President. Columbus, Out.
Secretary
Rubbers
Carp, Ont
at once for SlmwviHe ami District/
— FOR—
• CANADA S GREATEST NURSERIES'
Spring 1017 list now ready. Splendid list of hardy fruit and ornamental stock suitable for the province of Quebec. Including McIntosh Rid Apple, 8t# «¦till Evkkbkahing Haamifhry, Hill many other leaders, ¦¦¦¦	I
Start now
AUCTION SALE.
e
NowmUr in, 1016
I
Notice of Auction Sale of Radford Cheese Factory and Machinery.
The following are la at Saturday# quot allons :
Butter, in prints 37c to 40c Butter in palls 40 to 45c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 45 lo :Cc Potatoes per bag, $1.50 Pork pei 100 lbs $11.50 to 14 CO Beef, per ICO lbs, $10 to $12 Oats per bushel 68c liny per ton 10.0#{io 14 00 Chickens, per lb.. 18c.
Fowls,
Geese.
Turkeys
r
FOR SALE
Moved by Thomas Eudes and seconded by H. A. llodglns, that the cheese factory and contents be sold by Public Auction at the said factory, on Thursday. Novcin-be: .'Kith, 1010, at I o’clock p. in." The proceeds to be used to pay the legal debts ; »hc balance. If any, to be divided among the shareholders in proportion to paid up shares, so that the business of this soci ety may be closed tip.—Carried.
All shareholders arc requested to attend
GEORGE MICE, President,
Radford Cheese and Rutter Manufactur
mg Society, Ltd.
Year old Shrophirc Ram, reg.
Some Ram Lambs.
1 Durham Bull Calf.
Apply to,
JOS. BROWNLEE.
R. R. No. 2. Shaw ville
s
Tenus liberal.
STONE and WELLINGTON The Fonthlll Nurseries (Established 1837) Toronto
and still more RUBBERS.
Ont
We are handling three of the best brands on market
Merchants,
CLEAN UP SALE.
For Sale or Rent
IV
Lifebuoy,
IV
\ dwelling house, woodshed
The following articles will be sold at a sacrifice in order to clean up :
! Doherty Plano—new : also two new Single Buggies and one Express. Primrose Cream Separator—new.
O. A. HOWARD.
image
house, «stable, henhouse and yard, well, apple trees, small fruit of different kinds opposite Mr. I>. llodgins brick yard.
THOMAS MAJOR,
Shaw ville, Que.
29c
and Dominion.

Articles for Sale
NOTICE OF MEETING
We have them to fit all shapes of shoes
The following articles are offered for sale at a bargain :
Post Office Equipment, consisting of 50 lock boxes and 150 call 1 nixes. Will be sold in sections if desired.
1 Taylor Safe—medium size in good repair.
1 small Quebec Heater with pipes.
ApjJy at the Post Office Shawville
ROUT. HOBBS.
I The annual meeting of shareholders I and patrons of Lily Cheese and Butter n i	I Co. will lie held in Hynes' hall, Shaw-
Boots	11N il,°* 0,1 F,»dAy. Nov. 24, at one o’clock
I p. m. Important business to lie discuss-I etl. Please attend.
Bull Astray
Horses for Sale
Also Heavy Cum and Snag Proof
for working.
Strayed on to ray property about Ori t. a dark red bull with curly ffcce
Fifteen fine young Hones for wale or exchange. Apply to
1st
About one year and a half old I11I11I11I11I1I11I11IH Owner may have animal by Identifying property and paying cost of advertising and other expense incurred.
K T. HODGINS,
Secretary
f. L HODGINS.

Vll at right prices—enough said
Shawville, Qiu

SAMUEL HORNER, Caldwell. Quo
Public Notice
Mr. W A. Carson Takes Lind
say Position
Public Notice is hereby given to all parties in the Municipality of Clarendon
who have stump or other fences which I The following item from the Peter-cause snow dills to lodge on roads, (o trough Examiner of Nov. 11, refers to have the winter roads opened by De- ^r- ^illie Carson, son of Mr. John Car-cent her 1st, otherwise the road foreman I *°nt of 4th range of Clarendon :
The city of Calgary was up [ will be obliged to do so at their expense against it last week in» earnest. !	y p HODGINS
^ ¦ y V,,,::F B325 E™ 8eet,'lwj
graph, made up into a nice folder. > a- llP:v:niF mjlnv 0f iJ»rliiLi.t
rious styles to choose from, and my fi,>at for ^evcml days ^	It you van t get back to the old home hardware merchants, Lindsay
special offer from now until further	*	' *	during Christ ma* and New Year's a new local service Mr. Carson proved hiniflHf
Fourteen photos for the dozen. The Temperance Alliance back- l*ol<>K*aph will come merest to taking i a courteous and efficient hardware sales make an appointment et| up strongly by resolutions from Vour	Call and see our samples. | nnm, and with the prominent Lindsay
H In Ison, Photo Artist, religions oiganiza lions, is	going	to	fourteen photos to the dozen until fur-j firm he should continue his success. He
bring pressure	u|h>ii	the	premier	tber notice. H. 1 mikon, Photo Artist, j was a member of the George Street
of Quebec, Sir lxmicr Goitin, to	_____________ I Methodist Church choir for the past two.-,..
secure a measure of provincial pro-	years and a half and will !*• otherwise | *u*t * hings that are particularly useful and not
hibithm .it the present session ofl	Appeal in Verse. j missed by his departure to Lindsay
overseas should be mailed not the ground for results. later than Nov. 2Hth.
P. E. SMILEY.
Shop Here For
Wedding Gifts.
Local and District.
“ Mr. W. A. Carson, who has been for , the past three years head salesman with the Peterborough Hardware Company, ' leaves on Monday to accept a reajnuisible position with Cinnamon A* Allen,
r. In his
When yon get an invitation ton wedding and you are undecided as to what form the gift will take, plea«e feel free to come into this store to look arôund ; it will help you to make up your mind as well as to give you some idea of the amount of money you wish to *peud.
In Table Silver you will find here a wonderfully complete line of
expensive. Jf it iy
Mated Wares you decide upon, W. Rogers will give almost the
Etc. Jack Elliott (eldest son of Mr.	— ?	service as Sterling.
uni Mrs. William Elliott of Shaw ville)	Card Of Thanks.	w . ...sn . ; * . •
Another of the hatch of mem- w ho went overseas with the 77th, and	.	.	* ill a. wist you in any way we	can, and not urge that
hers of the Saskatchewan legisla- who has been a initient at Lake Hospi-	Me,	desire through the columns of	should make a purchase.	We feel that this
turc-Herbert C. Pierce—recently tal at Ashton- Vnder- Tyne, suffering	1 ,,E	^V,TY to express our sincere	..	. .
found guilty of grossly improper from shell shock, is the author of the	to	oUr many kind and »yui-	you:sen.
conduct, has lwen <ent to prison following composition, which is pub- Palhi)tiv friends in the sad and sudden PHONE 51
bn- IS months, and i* a No fined fished at the request of the writes and death of our only child, Elizabeth Clan-	--
*500. 1 leree took a bribe for using other |„>>g uf this neighbor!,,Kd win dia, aged If, months and 7 days.	w	A
Word came to hand IW week | F1** Kirtuence m ihx-king teinjiei- nrc “doing their bit "at the front :	Mr. and Mrs. C. 1). Wilson.	TT SHAD HiT»
that Capt. Henry Argue. M. D.. ii,nPL wgDhltlou.	c	.	274 Janet .St., Renfrew.	w“***^*^*)i
Hmmn pr? " ' i —
Some of the town young people borhood. (ieoige wiys things are For we sailed to prove old Shawville held a chicken -upper at the home looking bright up in the Porcupine Ami our boosting of the breed, of Miss liertriuie McDowell on district, as several of the mines Shawville boys, in stricken Flanders
SsScS'iraH
time	at the Eastern hospital for the in- XNc left f.innlica tor to win
sane, killed his wife with tt razor, Shawville comrade», come and join ns I he proposal to divide Ottawa cutting her throat from ear to ear, With the “die hard* to Berlin.
mms ¥i mmma hse..
ground principally, that -ueh	t|„. asylum was evidently While the Uemaivs toast The Dey 1
division would result m the loss of preinf|ture. ‘	ror the hhawville boys arc waiting
much trade which Hull now ‘	"	And we waut to count yon in,
receives.	----?——	On the road thro’stricken Bdgimu.
With your vomradea to Berlin.
When the day comes Fritz is contpicr’d When the bnyi come home at I Won t you wish that you had join'd us.
Ere old England's need had passed ?
But its not too late to mend it.
And your part can still liegin,
Fire away your old black 41 civics loin your pals to old Berlin.
In the lonely wayside graveyards Sleep your pals whose day is done,
Don t you hear their voices calling To complete the work begun Some you know are from our home town,
And there's victories yet to win :
< Vxiteiind join your palstrom Shawville On the march thro" old Berlin.
île
notice Don't delay today
It is said the banks in Canada ire now employing	females.
same
you
is a matter > on can decide
The Pembroke Standard ^ay-preliminary arrangements are being made to raise a German-Canadian platoon in Pembroke. None but Canadians of German parentage will lie eligible.
<
Somewhere.
“AhT chortled the bore. MI thought I should find you somewhere, and"— MYos,H marled old Feet ns Pester; W1 am always there.'’—Judge.
FURS !
FURS!
THE DARK HORSE.
Hew the Name Was Applied to a Pe*
litical Possibility.
A novel written by Disraeli, carl of Beacousfield, entitled “The Young Duke" and published In 1831, contained a description of a horse race In which the following sentence occurred:
“A dark horse which hod never been thought of aud which the careless SL James hud never even observed in the list rushed past the grand stand In sweeping triumph."
This was only a horse race, but It gave prominence to the fact that the race was won by a dark horse which had not attracted any notice until he came In o winner.
This may have been the origin of the phrase "a dark horse." which, os used In American politics, means a person not prominently considered as a candidate when a convention meets or during its earlier ballots, but who suddenly develops unexpected strength and wins.
A notable case In point was that of James A. Garfield In the Republican national convention of 1880. On the first ballot for president he did not re-celve a single vote, but be received ten votes on the second ballet, one vote on the twentieth ballot, fifty votes on the thirty-fifth ballot and was nominated by 300 on the thirty sixth ballot
The winter is coming on fast
Are you prepared for the cold weather ? We have now in stock Men’s Coon Coats, Cloth Coats,
and Fur Trimmed Coats, at prices away below the rest.
Our stock of Ladies’ Coats
is complete in Cloth and Fur Trimmed at prices from $10 up.

Adelard Hock, of Quebec, a mine Quebec Red Cross Report
prospector, who worked in Klon-	-
dyke regions, in Alaska, California The public will be interested in and other mining centres, hue just learning of the work done by the taken claim papers at the pro- Quebec Provincial Branch of the vincial mines department to work Canadian Reel Cross Society (with a claim in the parish of St. Joa-. headquarters In Montreal), for the chim, near Ste. Anne do Beaupré, tii-t two years of the war—from where he says he discovered a tlm time of its outbreak until July gold mine some days ago. Samples 31, 1918. The accompanying state->f the gold ore lie has had tested ment shows the receipt® in money it Laval University, Quebec, and for that iperiod and also how it also in Montreal, and reports, lie was expended, says, show that the ore from hi« It may lie |>ointed out that the raine will pay between 9200 and administration expenses amounted S***111 t011*	to less than 8per cent, of the total
«¦*
wholesale houses have been very
liberal in their treatment of the
society.
The receipts from donations, tag day. membership fees, sundries and bank interest amount to $267,999,12;
Donation* for special purposes, amount to $33,Mt0,8? ; Cash on hand at outbreak of war $844.23. making a grand total of $802,814.21.
The ordinary expenditure# have amounted to $258,796 04 expenditures for special purposes to $82,887.66, leaving a cash balance on hand oh 31st July of $21,151.55.
ant
'
WANTED
100 SKUNK SKINS 100
As we sat hack in our dug-»sit,
When our lips with pain were dumb. Yet we never never doubled.
Always thinking you would Nine. Thru the awful hell of shrapnel We're content to know well win : Come along don't disappoint us Join your pals to old Berlin.
Some have left their little famlies And are lying wounded here,
Does your conscience ever check you Î Oh, at times, you must feel queer. We would so glad to have yon.
Cow and let us count you in.
With four pal* who left old Shawville In their march thro' old Berlin.
Fost of the Fly.
Too have seen a bo/ use what be calls a "sucker,” a round, flat piece of leather, which to soaked In water and flattened against a atone so that all the moisture between the* alone and the leather la pressed ont Ile picks up a brick with a string attacked to the leather. Since there Is no air between the leather and the atone the otmoepbere preeeee the leather eo Irmij against the atone that the atone can he picked up by the leather A fly has suckers on his feet the Popular Science Monthly explains.
-
1

»
We are also buyers of all kinds of
An exchange says “Good schools, good churches and good road* are a grand thing to have in a community. In order to have these things people must lie educated to take a proper pride in them, Your home |mi lier ran and will do more to enroll rage these things than any other agency. The school children read with pleasure the home happening* and as they grow up become interested in the community, life and make useful ¦¦¦p e the children the home paper to read. It coats you a trifle.
Raw Furs
this invitation
<lly (¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I To your < larendnn |mls then
A* their threshing is all over	.	K J
And they have not much to da I	'*** mnrb *“	•*¦*• P^
Ho well all give thrvr good load cheers f ,,€'	***** *** P®** <*own ® fl>°*
Are wc down-hearted f Never Î.— ^*	******** the air eel
Yon and me and " The Equity.
And the M.iple Iy*af forever f
J. W. Kluott.
Lake Ho*prt*4
for which we pay highest prices:
•	ARCHIE DOVER
and the
itiien#
r
walL

