###PAGE###1###
O
No. 15, 37th Year
SHAWV1LLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
oit. y. iu 18
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTA BUSH KJ) 1874
Fires Break Out
à
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
and thieves break in. Don’t risk the first, or invite the second, by keeping money in the house.
Put it in The Merchants Bank, where it will be safe from loss— always available—and earn interest at highest current rates.
Pickles
4,750,000
e
04 Branche In Canada.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Now is pickling time. We
are ready with the same old reliable brand
Hon. George Bryson. President Russell Blackburn,
Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Geerge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle .	..
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander Maclaren M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George H Perley*
K. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager :
H. V. Cano.
• Chief Insptctor
*
of
3
TH€ MCRCHANT5 BANK
We have sold it for years, and every customer satisfied. The last drop of it fully guaranteed,
A full line of—
Spices, Butter Crocks,
Fruit Jars and Flower Pots.
Mead Office : Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, .... OUYON BRANCH.
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH. .
J
Established ,1864.
w. F. DRUM, Manager A. A. REID, Manager, D. L. WILLSON. Manager, C. E. SHAW, Manager.

Watch for posters of the best sale Dover ever had.
The work meeting of Clarendon II. M. Club will be^beld at the home of Mrs. W. 1). Hudgins on Wednesday, Oct. 9th at 2.90, p. in.
Most things can be anybody « gift— your portrait is distinctive^', exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture.
Potatoes Wanted — We are loading again Thursday and Friday of this week. Price $1.25 per 99 lbs. Please bring them in dry and no marbles. A. Dover.
Correction - In list of prizewinners published last issue, It. A. Dale was incorrectly given as the winner of first prize for herd, in class 18—dairy strain. The winner was R. A. Hudgins.
The Elmside H. M. Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Ren Sheffield on Wednesday, Oct. 9th, at 2o'clock, p. m. Program—Reading, Music. Roll call—Making life pleasant in the home.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. and Mrs. I^ewis Hudgins left for Mey run no. Sank., on Saturday 21st. They intend spending a month with their son, Gilbert, and other friends.
We omitted mentioning in our last issue the official visit of I). Ï). O. M. Clark to Pontiac Lodge A. F. and A M., at its regular communication on the 20th inst.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL -Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographer*. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 10 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are trow doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction is individual, and the school is open dating the entire year; you may therefore start at any time.
Om rates are $10 pw month ; do not
“T ^"U|btr 11 *" nr® I Pttl5?reC th«ii"yo "eturtenta from other local quantity of groin, including some college* have in the past joined our class
splendid fields of wheat, have been es. Names and addresses are available.
hopelessly damaged by the wet Students are assisted to position*.** ¦
weather of the past month, which We are HEADQUARTERS for Short- ,	11 specialty of preparing candidates
more than ever before, A good 1	crcuwr.
deal of this damaged grain could have been saved when the weather was fine, if threshing mills had been available then, or if the farmers had taken the precaution to get it under cover when it was ready, and taken no risk
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
COWLING
OTTAWA,ONT
W. A. HODGINS
seems
4
W E.Gowlinc President.
D. E. HENRY. President Cor. Bank andSoarksSts
H.G. W.Braithwait Principal
SHAWVILLB
The Elevator at Bristol Corners is now
EXPERIENCE
complete and o|>en for btisi-ii new. All Kinds of grain, beans,
Clarendon farmer, who waa noW	Apply t0 S' CoHEN>
ESSH&E'ir sSfviM'S:	ÿiSs1 Jrss&ss.’X* ss.'rsi
s igsas&fes -
A i	A.i t	« .,	. , I	_	The secret of success of the Graduates
. *	. *	...	_ A barn on the farm of the widow	---- of VViHUCollege is that they are the onl?
regrot* to register as. to the merits O'Malley, North Bristol, full to the	Births	one* trained by expert, experienced otC
of the ehow.^^	top with this season's cron, was	- workers for expert office work.
ing, October, 7th at 8 o'clock, l !10 one 1 Vll? 0,1 V-ie*arm the | soil—Wilmer Harold.	Last year ourincrease- was 45/
Sandwiches and coffee will be	T.*®	¦¦	¦¦¦¦¦¦
_L............. -
pered building operations at the from over-heated grain, or that a new Merchants Bank. The wall, deserter or tramp had taken re-however, has now been carried up fuge there. Everything, of course,
well above the second floor J™1* consumed, and the loss is, M » . . H<ul Q„ ,	,
ITSIâtesæfess
StiRSSBRarotl	b-srsrtMaes
The annual Thanksgiving Sec lAnidy nf the iabn Bewis Cuthbert-Did Some Goon—The tri-weekly I vices will be on Sunday next, I	of,Bristol,
mixed train which the C. P. R. October 6th. Celebration of Holy Besides her husband she leaves have put on the Pontiac line this Communion at 10.30 a. m. Special ^ mourn lier loss four sons and week, and the recent improve- preacher, morning and evening, two daughters : — ment in the freight service shows will be Rev. W. A. Earn, of Kangra, n V *?• J™ .a 1 Meyronne, Sask.: that the laying of the county's India. Special collections.	Ralph, ot Edmonton ; Lewis and
grievance before the Railway	__*____ £?avA<^ °f Shawville: Mrs. Jno.
Commission by the County Council	ninr^h ««nriAi»«	Von die, Calgary and Mrs. Ed.
last Spring, had possibly Home	Church Services	Fmnigan, Shawville. She has. 40
effect in bringing about this very St. Matthew's Church, Char- grand-children and four great-necessary improvement in the ser- teris Rco^ning Service, 0:1 Sun- grandchildren, vice.	I day next, Oct. Oth, at 3 p. m.	, The late Mrs. Hodgins surviving
of Ihe machinery of*the engine. I THE LLOYD GEORGE TYPE Mnnday"T.Vth," m ''tb!- Metlorhst
m,r« WtthA:	The on. thing we Ml «take %»'". — - *•	—
machine was in motion, and a torn in Lloyd-George is that • mit he had on caught in the gear- know where to find him He
n^M^Knt'w £ Mtadefinitely. Ilei.no hike-hospital next morning, expecting warm weakling. He fights on that what remained of the injured like our splendid boys are do-member would require amputa- ing despite the 25,000 casual ties tion-	1 since August 6th.
Are you doing your part as well ? Have you taken your stand on the thrift question ?
Have you definitely decided that out of your good returns this year, you w ill lay by such-and-such an amount for a Victory savings account ?
If you have done nothin? in of I the matter, you are not of this Lloyd-George type. You have heard the call to bring your dollars into the service of the country when she calls. And having heard, you have not acted. Make the decisive move now. Start the fund at once 1
vs
EXPERIMENT.
Underwear
Quite a number from here motored to Beach burg on Wednesday to attend the last and best day of the Fair, which was favored with rather made-to-order weather. The Shawville contingent have no
Our Stock of...
Fall and Winter Underwear
This
jear to data is even betier. Still Employers' Demands Exceed the Number of W il lib Graduates.
At Starks ( ornera on Sept. 28,
Allen, a
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Willis College
... is now on sale
A position for every Wills Graduates
Deaths
FOR SALE—A number of young pigs now readv for delivery. J. W. Hines, R. R. No. 2, at Clarendon Station, C. N.R,
FOR SALE—Purebred haired Ply.Rock Cockerels—$1 50 each. Apply before October 10th to Mr», L. A. Smart. Starks Corners.
Men’s
FOR SALE—Purebred White Wyan dotte Cockerels. Apply to R. C. Wood ley, Shawville.
at $1.50 per garment at 2.00 "
Pure wool,
ing
a

t «
FOR SALE—A good work Mare, weighing about 1200 lbs. Supposed to be in foal to purebred Percheron. Also a Mare Colt, one year old. Time given if necessary. C. H. -Wainman, Shawville.
at 1.00 “
Penman’s Fleece
<1
f
75 “
- Merino, medium weight,
c<
WANTED—Servant for general house work. Good wages to light person. Ap ply to Mrs. S. Cohen, Bristol Corners.
FOR SALE—A number of young grade Pigs—4 weeks old. Price $8.00 per pair. Apply to Robt. H. Cameron, Route No.
Boys
9
FOR SALE—A black mare Foal—4^ months old. Bred from Directum's Pilot. Apply to Gordon Richardson, Radford.
Fleece lined in all sizes—priced according to size, 65c. 75c. and 85c. per garment
Fleece Combinations, sizes 30 to 32,
at $1.50 pér garment
Ribbed wool, sizes 30 to 32, 1.00 “
FOR SALE—An eight h. p. portable gasoline engine (International) in good condition. J. L. Hodgins, Shawville.
FOR SALE—Yearling Holstein Bull— a superior animal. Apply to Wm D. Campbell. El inside, Bristol ; Maryland P. O.. if. R. No. 1.
II
Mrs. Ed. Mee received word on Monday of the death of her sister, j Mrs. Win. Murray, at Renfrew, at
au early hour that morning, from piano FOR SALE by Mr*, s. Alex pneumonia, which iievelo|>ed from Under, Shawville. Will accept suu.wt influenza, of which disease there Put In first class condition by George W. are many eases in Renfrew.	Pingle, Piano Tuner.
Il
A visit to our Underwear Department will
Our values are especially
A New Book of Forms.—A copy or “Songs by the Wayside,£* (John Lovell & Son) has been received by The Equity, with the compliments of the author, Dr. W,
Tucker, of Montreal. The book contains a collection of patriotic, and religious poem*—some of recent composition, inspired, no doubt, by the greatest of all war-conflicts, now raging, and others the expressions of the thoughts by-gone years. The editor lias only had time to make a hurried examination of the Doctor’s latest literary effort, but what he has read is suflieient to merit a testimonial of the high order of its contents. The book may from the author. 287 Cadi Montreal at $1.25 per copy
ofWC°^^meMreoSy
word that her son, Fte. T. Harvey H. Shaw*» store, or at this office. Craig, wounded August 20tli
stated that he had received a gun shot wound in the right forearm.
I Fte Craig enlisted at the same time as Miles Daley, of North Clarendon, the boys trained together and fought together in France. Strange to say, Daley was wounded just four hours before Craig received his.
Missing—Mr. James Ostrom, of Dun raven, recently was notified by the Record Office that his son.
Fte Fred Ostrom, was reported missing.
resay you. good. We bought them right.
nviunn
The information
FOUND—Between McKee's and Bristol Stations on August 20th, a lady*» black duster coat. Owner may have same by applying to Mrs, H. Burrows anti paying for this notice.
A farmer named John Bohn, residing in Golden Lake section, was fatilly shot on Tuesday morning Sept. 17, by Adolf Gohr. a military deserter, while he was out in the woods after the cows. Golir worked for Bolin during the summer, and xvns arrested by the military authorities in July, but escaped.
W. A. HODGINS
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551
be had ieux St.,


^
###PAGE###2###
FIELD SELECTION OF SEED EARS
i
FUNNY FOLD-UPS
g O i l S and
POUL
WANTED
CUTOUT AMD ML# ON DOTRO UMtl
Methods of Gathering, ( wring and Storing Seed Corn Calculated to Develop Strains of High Yielding Corn in Ontario.
P. POULIN A (XX
lie* in the care allow the ear to droop nicely. A* »
the rule etalks of this type will bear good
By Agronomist.
This Department It for the use ef our farm readers who want the advice of an expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your question it of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, stamped and addressed envelops Is snclosed with your letter, a complete
Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publishing
^‘fëPûirrfà
I next year s corn crop	1
I and common sense with which I seed com saved to produce this crop is ears ¦
gathvmt mid cured thl. fall. To be It is always better to have , aur-J	,u re the importance of testing seed	plus	of seed stored a way in the fell
com in the spring cannot be overcs-	and	to make final selections of seed
(,mated, but at best spring testing	ears	before planting In the spring. It
simply serves as a check or safeguard is also important that fairly mature in determining the efficiency of the	car,	be selected, as the immature
previous handling and curing which	ones	are apt to cause mold, and at
---	the corn hai had.	heat	are very difficult to cure. Such
The first step toward securing bet- immature seed, even though it may ter seed ears for planting is that of possess high germinating qualities,
varieties that will mature has a t ienvy to produce weak-gmw-
To ing plants, unless weather and soil tendencies conditions ore especially favorable, the char- This serves to emphasise the import
What the Cow Would Say.
W e need a period of rest after we
Storing Certain straw over the soil again, frost may have worked for you all the year, so
be kept out, and the celery dug out that we may properly nourish our aTrequired.	calves and build up our energies for
In harvesting potatoes, any which another seasons work.	| MOI/ 6UT1ERED DREAD TA5TCS VERY GOOD
show signs of decay should be kept Our tood should be well balanced, j ‘ AUHEN HUNGRY AS l AM,
separate from the rest, ami used first, but we hope that the time may come |	______
thus helping to avoid the development when you dairymen will not value a of rot when stored. Potatoes should pound of protein from one source with be dry when they are stored.	a pound from another
Keep onions dry,
Squashes, pumpkins should be kept in a moderately warm, not a cool, place.
answer will be mailed to you Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide 8t. W., Toronto.
Hane.oting md
Vegetables
While vegetables have ’>een harvested continuously in many gardens in Canada since radishes and spinach were ready for use in early spring, the time has come when the bulk of the crop must be gathered to escape hard frosts.
As beans discolor and mould very readily, it is important to dry them as sôon as possible, and to keep them dry. They should he spread out thinly under cover, and turned every two or three days until quite dry. it is necessary to harvest the plants before they are thoroughly ripe they can be hung up outside until dry.
DUT IP MY NOSE DECEIVES ME NOT MY MOTHER’S MAKING JAM .
Some of the
spread thinly, protein feeds you give us are simply and citrons awful for us to eat and digest.
We sometimes feel as though we were all out of whack lay this feeling to the way in which f	After-Harvest Cultivation.	our own*# have interfered with nate Adequate cultivation is just as es-» tares laws. .	*
sential for the production of maximum You have bred us so that it is our crops as is the application of manures, very nature to put our fat into the ... In fact, many farmers assert that pail, and when we get short rations There will be many tomatoes which p]t.ntv of intelligent tillage is almost we put the flesh of our own bodies will not ripen before the plants are aj to a cout 0f manure. Such into your milk. The drain on our killed by the frost. If the fully- statements do not detract from the systems is awful grown green specimens are picked vah,e of manures or other fertilizers. It seems as though you thought of before being frozen, and each speci- but th servCi in some measure, to nothing except buying more protein, men wrapped in paper and stored in bring jnto reijef. the need for main- making more milk, and forcing us to __
closed boxes, they will be found, from uining the soi, in ,he best possible our very limit. Do you wonder we ig liniited to a {ew days i( the full tests made at the Experimental harm, tmh The proper time to commence get tuberculosis, garget, yid that we feeding value of the corn is to be .
IEEE g§§gl lEiiiteil ###:###
!!¦¦¦¦¦
is warm and dry, and the cabbage experience and the Wi\idual farmer One man with a com knife by much harder than when the corn-bind- giving grower persists in selecting where the stovepipe passes through, have to be harvested owing to the should experiment and decide ^him-	working	hard can cut and shock an	or is used, thus the machine requiring	Cars	«imply because they	are big. Yet	will furnish	ideal conditions for cur-
frost. they will keep well for a time self which method is most suitable to	average	of one and one-half acres a	less laborious work takes from one-	,	,	nf	bigness Is	over many	ing the seed	ears.	'
outside if covered with leaves.	the needs of his soil.	day. Two men with a platform har- half to two-thirds as long to cut a v 1 r nf rnrn ,ls weii farm ani
XS here the accommodation i< poor, The final p ougb ng in the autumn vester van harvest four or five acres given acreage, celery may be kept outside .11 the should leave the land ridged, so that in the game time; and three men with
soil well into the winter by opening a frost action will pulverize it thor-	a corn-binder in a ten-hour day can	The boarder, the leaner, the slacker
trench, preferably a narrow one oughly. In this way a fine surface	^ and	shock from seven to‘ nine	And other guest cows of that ilk,
fifteen or sixteen inches wide, and mulch is formed during the winter,	acreSi	This year when farm help is	Should be hurried away to the but
deep enough so that the tops of the which dries out quickly in the spring; gQ Hcarce (here is urgent need for	cher—
celery will come about level with the at the same time it forms an excellent tbe use Q{ labor-saving machinery surface of the ground. The celery seed bed and protection for sub-sur- wherever possible. Cutting corn by
plants are put close together in it, face moisture.	hand is a hard, disagreeable task, Have you won a ribbon at the
and before there are severe frosts, a Scarcity of labor may make this and the time when it should be done county fair? thin layer of straw or leaves is put process difficult, if not impossible, on over the top. When the cold weath- many farms. But, where such handier comes a heavier covering of leaves caps do not exist, every effort should may be put over, if It is desirable to be made to practice after-harvest cul-leave the celery longer, and then tivation. It is a factor of prime im-twelve to fifteen inches of soil over portance in increasing production next that. By putting sufficient leaves or year.
selecting
during the fiormal growing intensify early maturing
and enable one to	. A
acter 0f the growing stock as well as ance of growing a variety of corn that
the ear that is attached to it, it ie will mature well and which, by care-preferable to select seed ears from ful seed selection, may prove adapt-the field about the middle of Septem-, able to climatic conditions, her. This gives seed corn that will No amount of attention to scientific make good silage and mature sound field selection will solve the problem grain during a normal growing sea- of seed corn selection unless adequate son. Only edreful seed selection will plans are made to get the seed ears enable Ontario farmers to gradually j into storage promptly.
Intensify the early maturing lend-1 The method which will bring about ¦ of their corn until it is possible the quickest drying of the ears is the
, maximum quantity of most efficient. In general, any prac-u#,nt corn.	tical method of storage that will keep
In selecting seed from the he’d one the ears separate so as to prevent ac
st in selecting cars tual contact of one ear with another
(
season
c
We can only
»
W-W •_
1
enctes to mature
ginning to head when it becomes nec cssary to harvest them owing to sev- seeds ere frosts
cause
way
Nothing will give one a better idea The fact that this idea of big-j of the value of providing ample cur-of ear associates with the idea of ing facilities for com than the tests

mais
?-
ness
bigness of crop is so universal that for germination in the spring
growers must devote special at- the farmer who believes that proper
Let
cora^
tention to studying the problem be-' curing of his seed ears during th« fore they can succeed in developing fall does not pay, test out ears pro! strains of high-yielding com adapted j perly cured and those stored in the to their soil and climatic conditions, tool house or barn and the results will With the big paying crop ever before prove to his satisfaction that proper our minds, we may easily sacrifice curing pays. But such a test does not bigness of ears for soundness, quality fully determine the value of pi ,per
Many kernels of corn that
The successful corn grower who j germinate readily do n<>* produce a takes particular pride in developing vigorous plant
They take all the profit from milk
?
and maturity
curing
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
It is only well cured a uniform strain of seed com adapted, seeds that produce strong vigorous
Life processes go on in the
Fly Andrew F	Currrer. M.D	to his farm finds it pays to strap a	plants
Dr. Currier will answer all signed	letters prêtainlng to	Health. If row	bag or basket over his shoulder and	seed kernels	at a very	slow rate. Ex-
loeetlon Is of general Interest It will	be answered through	these columns:	go through the field before the corn	pose the seed ears to	damn, freezing
If	not. It will be answered personally	If stamped, addressed	envelope Is es*	j* cut and walk up and down the rows	and thawing	weather	and the germi-
closed Dr. Currier will cot prescribe for Individual cases or make diagnosis Address Dr. Andrew F Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co. 73 Adelslds fit West. Toronto
I

à%
<
selecting the best seed ears from the hating powers are either destroyed or standing stulksB||B|HMHBjpk
The best -time to select breeding^™ D . ......	, D, „ ,,	seed plats, he may find it pos- difficult to secure a full stand. Pro-
ewes for next war's crop of lambs is	White and I ue u es.	Suggestions Relating to Skin Diseases	penetrates beyond the surface must	sible to make fairly good	selections	per	curing and storing	of the seed
j ist about the time they are taken Re<i for the six-month-old layers,	The prevalence of skin diseases	necessarily leave a scar, hence there	from the best portions of	the field	ears	locks up the energy and vitality
from their 1 imbs this year The white for those first laying at seven	among Canadian people is astounding.	>s danger of disfigurement from lo	crops. At any rate he must have in	in the kernels and keeps	it there uirtil
ewe like the dairy cow «hould be months, and blue for those laying at	gome are simple. local, and easily	*ions advertised to remove freckles,	mind the type and qualities	of a good;	it is	set free by the soil	to produce a
juriee.l largely upon her performance, a'ffht months are the leg-band colors	rcmedied, many are the outward man,-	moles, and liver spots, if they are	ear ami stalk
The ewes that bring large, thrifty used b>’ 60me PouVtrymen to keep	festaUons of internal disease and	powerful enough to do this
lambs and provide them with plenty informed of the egg production by 0thers are stubborn local diseases The removal of parasites and ver-
fïïxsssr.tsri^-'rawsrja«.sts..».,r
Fnr the man who already has his cu,ling for 8econd year aLnd.in as.ume as a fundamental principle skill in using it.	i »Preader ¦» does a wagon box. but of the farm. Some folk» live on the
SEBSKÏ=mm# g	a sgaaS BISls
htartJnf tnffiéLnt"confidencein	molt	la8t	BJue-banded	pullete are Hence cathartic	mineral waters.	Mercurial ointments are neces-	fork is hard and disagreeable work.	Because the farm that is	petted	and
hf	L h.dJe of sheen ! «lway» s,nt to market as yearlings; galu of various kinds and laxative sary for the parasites which get at It he done much easier with a made much of will give back more
„ b^L nnnoH,mHv to .elect	I red"banded onM ^'dom are.	The	oilg are important	in treating	skin	the roots of hair but they must be	^reader and the material is more	(yen bare ground	feels the touch of
v	^	n	LorkP than ^ nrovided	age at which a pullet 8^a^8	,aylnfr	diseases.	used cautiously for mercurial pole-	evenly distributed. The spreader	the man with the	true farmer-spirit
his	foundation	stock than is pr	and the date when she begins to molt	Skin diseases are	especially	pre-	oning from such a source is not un-	'» a useful implement to have at any	in his heart. It leaps to do its best
e£	™V*S“	yvhihitinn. will	determine whether it will be	profit-	valent durin yùuth	and thev often	U5Ual, especially among children. ;	time when manure Is to be spread, but	for him; it gives	the very best for
ehowmen at tne nig exmoiuons	able to keep her another year. Birds attack thc fare and neck, the most Caustic and corrosive ointments particularly so now when labor is him; it gives the very best there Is in
e	nl.ntvnfde.irable	^thout	bands	are to	be	culled.	conspicuous parts	of the body	and	and salves are often advertised to	scarce and the need for increased	it. Sing and the farm	responds;
first prize-winners pdenty of desi o | Th<1 flrgt bandg ln the cage of b(,avy	(he b# w uplincss of treat rancer of the skin.	crops demands that not a pound of laugh and the farm smiles hack at
animala in ‘ne,r sl"™ "	“‘ ! breeders are often put on at six and which un	je are always most! They are painful and destructive fertility be wasted. Save time and you and pours your lap full of good
ly in case of young rams^ Ewes one.half or seven months. The aWve sengitiv>e. *	and should be used only by those «void waste-buy a spreader. If the things.
also can ne procure,! more reamiy ap,g are f0r Leghorns.	I You cannot blame young persons who are familiar with their action amount of hauling is not sufficient to
this season thaV, . fu” rt„nitv The test is sometimes the trapnest, f„r mortification or shame when and with the diseases for which they Justify the investment. It may be
rnmm mn	.
to follow.	The color or	the	vent and	tbeir tales 0f woe when they	are	sweat and	sebaceous	glands of	the	belief, have practically no fertilizing	take the place of sugar both for sWeet-
the	condition	or	the	laying	bones	based upon much disfigurement	and	skin with	materials	which will	not	value. Most of the elements of plants	en ing and preserving,
change quickly when a pullet bejWL annoyance.	dissolve, which interfere with the food pass into the body of the tree on Too many people have used honey
The griefs and discomforts	of	circulation	of the blood and the	dis-	the approach of winter. A ton of	only as a spread for bread and griddle-
others must always be measured	if	charge of	sweat and	sebaceous mat-	the best quality of autumn leaves	cakes, forgetting that It can be used
possible from their	standpoint.	ter and will make the akin dry and	contains six pounds of potash, less	in tea and coffee, in makfng	cakes and
The patent medicine venders	find	hard even if they do not produce	than three pounds of phosphoric acid,1	preserving
victims in those who suffer, eruptive disease.	and 10 or 16 pounds of nitrogen
In case he has no weakened to such an extent that it is
He must appreciate healthy, vigorous-growing plant
Be a Friend of the Farm
Spreading Farm Manure*
Vse Honey, Save Sugar
With
It is perhaps wiser for the new beginner with sheep to start with good
grade ewes, than to endeavor to get iAy The yellow color leaves the into the pure-bred line immediately. ' Vent. The laying bones become pll-Experience with the less valuable ani-1 ab]e and the flesh between them and mais will fit him	to produce fancy	the end of the	breast-bone grows
flock headers and	exhibition stock	]oose and flabby. With experience	0JU|-
later, and in the meanwhile his profits	the	poultry keeper acquires skill In	fro„ acne for the	gra,p at every I	Theatrical people and others	whose
from disposal of wool and mutton \ul	reading these signs. A little later.	straw	which gives	any prospect of	taste or preference induces the	use of
be satisfactory provided he proves a the combs of laying pullets will be renef	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
a good shepherd. The disposing of	red,	plump and smooth and. in the	But	if there is a	patent medicine	results of such maltreatment	of the
any considerable number of top notch	caM	0f Leghorns, the ear-lobes will	whlch	wj„ cu^e acne j have never	skin sufficiently disastrous,
pure-breds, on the other hand, is be white. When pullets are examin- g#en Jt	Ointments are usually preferable
somewhat of a business, in which a birds found malformed or very There are some which may help to liquids or lotions for application man requires, first	a reputation for	much undersized	are culled, as well	.. especielly	when joined	with	ca !	to	the	skin	as	they	are	more	readily
his stock and second	a wide connection;	as those whose	conformation indie-	thartics,	message, and	other	means	applied	and	more	readily	retained,
ates they wiH make poor layers.	improving the. circulation in the and their bases are lard, vaseline,
akin.	lanolin, cocoa butter, etc.
The lard In ointments often becomes rancid and Irritating to the skin.
We hear much abbut the clean plat-
Leaves are of practical value when ter, and saving the waste so that our in the proper state of decomposition.1 Allies on the other side of the sea car Leaf mold is used in all well-equipped \* f*d; yet in the matter of securing florist establishments for mixing with honey there Is a fearful amount go-sand and garden loam to make a good potting soil. Soil made in this manner is especially valuable for ferns, palms, and other woodland and tropical plante.
Composting leaves, manure, and rubbish 1a net uncommon place Is selected for the compost, which 1» allowed to stand for two rears. It will be found advantageous to wet the pile daring the dry season The leans keep the soli loose and prevent Its packing together into a hard
rouges and cosmetics often find the
ing to waste every year simply because there are no bees in certain localities to gather the nectar So freely given by the flowers.
The use
in the breeding fraternity of only the best in the way of rams is necessary howler, in any case, and it goes without saying that the ram must be a pure-bred.
Community canning clubs have been formed In Victoria, B.C., and Brantford, Ont.
A low
Possibly the new-fashioned method of treating acne with injections of serum may solve the difficulty.
. Freckles are another source of annoyance to young people, these being deposits of pigment below the surface of the ekin and destroyed only by adds and strong mineral subefomew.
In the long run K is short-sighted economy to kill productive sows. It is not only patriotic to keep every good milch cow, but It Is the only way When lambs are weaned keep them to maintain an industry which Is es on the old pastures for a few days and senttal during the war and after. For remove the ewes to pastures as far after the war European countries will away as possible. When accustomed knock at our door for animals for to being by themselves, the lambs foundation herds should be put on good fresh feed. the door.
For cabbage-worms: Mix one part of air-slaked^ lime, and dust it on the plants at Aguiar intervals.
Silage is the war ration for beef,
A silo full
It is It take#
Ointments for itching eruptions contain tar, sine, sulphur, etc., and
other external «ppllnatior* b that they are upon the surface where
mm
milk, mutton and wool for each farm is the allowance both feed and succulence the place of grain and pasture
Table linen should be darned with I threads from the raveling.
Any of these aubetanees *h**
###PAGE###3###

AN EDITOR TALKS
Now every geologist known that not 10 per cent, of Canada*» auriferous land» have been prow pec ted or explored. From Athabasca It the head water of the Yukon, from Athabasca to the Coppermine, from the head waters of the Ottawa to James Bay, in Baffin's Land—are mineral eight that have never been followed up.
Also every big operator knows another fact holds good of Canadian gold
m c- wu,...
Chin I* the Season for Hare and minute has passed the master of the War Debts Within the Present Cariboo and Cassiar—many of the
Hounds.	hounds goes to the door and blows a	Generation	famous gold mines, which have been
"ft ready for the grand old autumn l»mr blast on hi, horn a, a	to	,kimm,d of pocket, and alluvial de
game of paper chase. City hoy or the hares to start dropping scent,. Canada does not need to be told Posits, ',ave K«>ne down into quarts country boy after school or Satur-	which they do in »s secluded	a spot as	^at a thing new to world history is	41,1,1 «melting propositions and are
days, may best enjoy this when the	they can	find, then run on,	dropping	happening in gold. British Columbia	now lying undeveloped and unworked
sir ie bracing and the ground good .one piece of paper about every ^n^and Klondike gold miners have al- . ^	look at the gold
for hard going during the hunting- » à»™ steps. The hounds instantly ready (lrawn thl, attention of the Do--f'tuafon of the outside world! Ow-fever days not at hand. When some	«tart out	to hunt the scent,	and u-ir	mjldon Government to conditions; hut	10 ,ure the war, prospecting
of your fortunate elders are chasing	delay in	so doing contributes to t îe	^fortunately, gold mining in Canada	fm r" ' ,,an,l)M has literally stopped.
the fox, then go chase yourselves, and hares* getaway, this being a part of |g under provincial control, and it fhere are not any new camps. To, A leading merchant asked us one I’ll warrant you will have about as the game.	. J really requires federal action to take keep the camps that already exist, day recently why we wrote so much
much, often more, sport than they.	Running on sight may be adopted advantage of the conditions arising. *omg it •« pretty nearly a foregone about education, schr>ols tea,hers,
lonship, and they divide the scent, may overrun the scent.	and the price of dynamite and chem-! Now Canada before the war was cannot be done for the benefit of the from Normal school or college and
wh,ch on a ong run mean, something The hare, mu.t drop went	id. ha, not been fixed. They have good for from |16 million, to $24 youth of this country.	the excitement of the flr.t
to carry. It consists of pieces of old, evenly and not seek to fool he hounds gone up jn price from ]00	400 per	f ,,	Under read.	day or two’s experiences is over, be-
newspaper cut about the size of a by unfair means. It is fair to hack- cent |nd in tho cage of 6ome cheni_ . tment of ld pr[cegf ghe wouId hc ‘	e .	•	.	, gins to feel a terrible feeling of lone
playing card, but of ter irregular. This track, to turn in any old way, to run	to joOO per cent# |n high grade good for twice those Jetais- and Can- A PuWic school teacher asks us to lines* come over her. This experience
is prepared	ahead	on	a	rainy	day,	on	through	the	most	difficult	country,	to	pocketgf	the	gold	miner	can go	on	i(ja»g	goid	mines are	to-dav	not	inform members of the noble prufes-	ja pictured nicely by ‘•Wayfarer” in
some	back	porch	or	boy’s	den,	and	wade	in	streams	and	drop	the	scent	under	present conditions and make	a	worked	over	10	per cent	of tffeir	ca-	sion what to ,io to have necessary	the	Daily Ontario of Belleville:
compact bundles are tied up.	A gun-, in water.	The paper pieces should	proflt	ln |ow grade properties he	nacity Add the gold	coming to her	,ePair* and improvements in the	The country	teacher, isolated and
ning coat is the best carrier,	because	be thrown	down about at ones feet	can»t	He is shutting down. In Africa	fronl ^	of wheat to	the full posai-	8ch°o1 holdings effected and to obtain	far from those	of her profession, has
of the big pockets, but a haversack or If the hounds catch sight of the ,agt year gjx millions of gold was sold bilities of her gold mines, and her ProPer sanitary conditions in the no one with whom to talk shop and to schooling will do.	hares they can run directly for them,	at legl$ than ha|f itg cogfc to produce.	war debts	are not a thing to daunt a	outbuildings. Of a truth there should	exchange ideas	on methods and man
The bounds gather in an inclosure,	paying no	attention to the scent. But	Those	mines shut down; and many	nation	They could	be wiped out	he no necessity for such questions at	agement. Those	whom she meets have
watching the clock. The hares start the scent is their only clue when the mjnee in Canada are in exactly the within the lives of people living to- ^is tim,î of y*ar» for if 8ch°o1 trU8' apparently little interest in the work out, dropping no scent. When one hares are out of sight.	same position.	idav; and 0f Hn the fighting nations, tees had Performed their full duty or progress of the school. The inCanada Has Rich Mims.	! Canada and the United States are the ^u*>’ W0ldd have had all such things q>ect«>r s visit, though frequently
only two of whom that can be said, attended to during the holidays, dreaded, is a source of inspiration, The tiling is not chimerical and up Every school room in this Dominion for in him she finds one who is inter-It is up before the considéra- should have been thoroughly reno- csted in her work. Not but what the of the United States Treasury vated» floor, walls, ceiling and desks; parents are interested, hut they fail It is also up before the Bank closets cleaned out, scrubbed and div to show it. How encouraged would
infected; fences, walks and windows the teacher be, by an occasional visit *-------- repaired, and the grass and weeds from an interested parent! And how
TWO REMARKABLE ESCAPES |cut just before school opened. Out- cheering would a word of approba-
___	side and inside conditions of school	tion	be! So, if your children are mak-
Shot	Down 13,000	premises should be kept just as neat,	ing	favorable progress under their
tidy and in as good condition in every teacher, don't l>e afraid to tell her so. way as the home from which the It will not spoil her nor make her children come
CANADA AND THE GOLD SHORTAGE
BQŸsi^IRLS
It is estimated that $150,000 will leave the school altogether too much be saved by motorist* not using their to the teacher. In one section we vara next Sunday. Who would not know, not a trustee visited the school gladly and religiously refrain from jn session during u whole year, and i the usual Sunday outing to help on only when specially invited did any I the allies In their defeat of the Ger- parents pay their respecta to the teaman? A letter from New York city rher and scholars. It would he well I tell# of how faithfully thia request jf parents especially made it a regu-was observed in the city by even ’ar custom to visit the school once or doctors, who were permitted to use twice every term. Their presence their cars when visiting patients, for need not interfere with the teacher, only one automobile was noticed on We found this splendid suggestive the streets for the day, by a busy paragraph in a school journal recent-doctor who made several calls on foot jv, and we are sure all progressive and by trolley cars. Canadians are teachers will thank us for publishing enually loyal and should give the it:
drivers of horses the exclusive use of The teacher in her schoolroom is
often in the position of hostess to the visiting parents of her pupil*. Her duties are much the same as if she received callers In her own
!
HANK OF ENGLAND MAY DOUBLE PRICE OF GOLD

U
7

the highways next Sunday
home except that she need not in errupt thj routine of school work to entertain
It is »nly necessary for

run
«
\
I
unbelievable pre-war days, and, one
at least bewailing that departed golf j all redeemable in gold. War loans are minus handicap, turn in for more repayable in gold. The difference he-work.
Meantime the world war debts are
LLOYD GEORGE TAKES A HOLIDAY
in air
tween what a nation buys from and tion Luncheon is usually a family affair 8e|lg to other nations must be settled now and hurriedly taken. By this time the in gold. Gold is the only internation-. of England second official despatch box will have ai
arrived and the inevitable bell begun , where is the gold to come from? tinkling again. More work, more let-, ters, visitors, important and other- ! conditions
wise, though .the latter stand little England to double the price of gold;
chance these busy days; then, such is 8econd, for countries having gold A British airman, while flying at Says Secretary, the luxury of the famed, comes the mines, to pay a bonus to stimulate a height of 16,000 feet, had the tail
British Premier's one daily relaxation the production of gold. It needs only of his machine shot off by a direct * he takes half an hour's doze.	a second's thought to convince that hit from a shell. The machin* turned
Only a Brief Respite.	the second course is the one for Can- upside down and the pilot was thrown
Premier Lloyd George took a holi- It isn't very long. For the official ada, and that the gold crisis gives her from hi* seat, but he managed to FIRST BOMBING OF ( IN ILIANS day recently, under doctor's orders,. visitors begin to arrive at this hour; a peculiar whip handle.	clamber on the bottom of the fusilag»*,
the first for three years.	'maybe Geddes from the Admiralty,; Before the war, say in the period on which he remained astride.
Thn Premier went to his little house Montagu from the India Office, or between 1906 and 1913, Canada rank- Though the machine was out of
Mrs. Lloyd George and Miss thirteen- *11,1 fh* woik* of most Butish and	,	, ,	—	-- ---—————	it	waR under these circumstances
year-old Megan, and the visitor's list American contemporary authors.	TklP MWW1V CCD MAM	that a Zeppelin was sent to make
Incomplete. Megan is virtually and No man is sacred or Heroic m the	I Hr WKff.KLY uljKlflUIi	midnight raid on the city of Antwerp,
by every right of wise womanhood the eyes of his privât* secretary. But	. Thu commander had special instrve-
dictator of Britain—at least as far as . David “L. G. may claim to l>e the	- ^	tions to try for the Royal Palace, for
Walton Heath Is concerned. For she solitary exception. w I The kings of the earth set them-! And now let as discuss the remedy King Albert was felt to be the soul directs her father in those all im-	* day* unrk °” holidays, says	aad the rulers take counsel to- for the evils that afflict us. What of his people's resistance. Antwerp
portant matters of fresh air walks, *hat functionary. ' l*\ " an>thln*’j gether against the Lord, and against is it? Nor bread, nor blood, nor was a “fortified city," but the ring of early to bed hours and necessary re- heavier than the u*ua routine day ^ anointed.—Psalms, 2, 2. sword, nor steel, much as some trust away.
—  .............ssfis:kks :~ehf
f '	• ()lie 0# twese kas deed help much, but we must go high- bomb actually struck th.« pn’ace, but
And if the destinies of empires are M hat Our Sailors Mustn't Do. I	,	' nf t^e war the er help and have recourse to spiri- one narrowly missed the cathedral
settled in those odd half hours she No bluejacket, while on board ai . regards the remedy by which tual forces. Hence, as some disting- One killed four women and two police
never says. The only other member warshrip, is permitted to whistle the	. lusting l,a*i* i* to be es- ld*hed ecclesiastics recently express- men, A second ki'l-'d one man an 1
of the party—Cymro, the wire-haired National Anthem or the Dead March ¦/... ,l ,	• c-d it, while our brave hoys fight like wounded two others. Another fell in
is equally reticent.	in “Saul," unless it is being played J treating the subject in heroes abroad we who are at home the courtyard of cV* llfsp.tal of St
¦¦¦¦am
esrB3**ss*i.-
jrryÊxri mus as ‘ver:» -t; tr ass a
ant Jrtll will have been sketched out. ' nought on entering a boat, yields suggest was used for these vile ends. car,,<ML	es." This improvement of the mind
hv 10 every letter and official docu- the priority to his youngest “middie." There was only one standard by which Oh ye who rule nations and their goes on amid many distraction#—the ¦¦ M ¦	¦	¦ ¦
nilnt will havi* received reolv or ac-i	-?-~	they wxiuld measure and that the low destinies, hasten to welcome hack to service of food, the incessant tramp Ouest (at High,and hotel F - ^ mr
,.lr.4rcn<‘fi Thon “I G n and fvmro • Winnipeg citizens are saving money standard of material efficiency. The your councils the King of Kings and of workers pouring in and out, the clock %eem* to have ‘ tupped. The 11	h»u (mnnrtant duties some- by daylight saving. The city light Gospel of Christ was supplanted by the Lord of Lords. Hasten to make machine-gun rattle of knives and Host—"Co-ay. > e see, lamnsas, the
. jn house - -will set mit for department's receipts were $12,484 the Gospel of Krupp. This base His dtvinc laws the basis of all your: lurks and possibly shrieks from a 'bout*, went awa to l‘a estine and a shoK etrcll	I ^ess ^or ^ay this year than last. policy, pursued to the bitter end, has human laws. When that happy day hooter.	to°k the hey in hi* pocket
* Cymro by the way, covered himself Have plenty of jam, jelly and mer- brought the curse of heaven upon comes then van a lasting peace be At midnight there are two shifts The city of
irith publicity a while back by taking malade for the children's lunches, themselves and min upon their peu established, then. too. and only then, frr dinner, and even at that hour the an ordinance making citizens person an unofficial holiday for a few days. Less candy and more wholesome pie. And so at present we are all will international treaties be worth lecturer takes his stand on the table ally liable for damages done to Thev look sadl\ at the deserted golf sweets will l>e better for the little doing heroic penance for their mad more than a mere scrap of paper.— and both the women and men muni- neighbors by fire caused by their flat v Mi memories of thou# almost | folks.	folly.	Rev. Henry O'Carroll.	tion workers enjoy the diversion. | neglect W carelessness
I
If the gold mines shut down
coin
WORKS HARD AT COUNTRY HOME IN BEAUTIFUL SURREY.
Two propositions are un to remedy
First, for the Bank of British Xirman
Feet. Fainting on the Way
\
conceited, but will cause her to work and with greater enthusiasm and renewed
Britain's Premier,
Achieves More When Away From
Parents and trustees other people in the school section, zeal
aye,
His Innumerable Caller#
COOKING AND CRIME
Hun Frightfulness in the Air Opened Indigestion is the Root of Much of the With Attack on Antwerp
World's Evil
There are more wrongs wrought by
In the United State#, where most brainy suggestions are given a chance, the effects of good, well-cooked food b-being tried upon criminals. In a cer tain prison In Philadelphia the experi metii has been tried and very au* eessfully of n< t onl) feeding i>r m era well fender* to cook mistress Is employed, pupil* <1,
a simple foods, slier which the women prisoner* are allowed to cook their own meals. The result has been most satisfactory. Th*‘ women are less surly, more cheerful, and more willing to do the work required pf them.
The majority of female habitues ami tirât offenders are of the ranks of the poor, and it is undeniable that the eat anything they can gel, whether it 0# hadly choked or not. And it 1* not their fault entirely model dwellings become tire rule In stead of the exception, they will ent food half-cooked or over-rooked, for the simple reason that they have neither the accommodation nor the
but of teaching female of \n expert cooker? and gives her of cooking
companies him on his cross-country rambles—"L. G.'s" favorite recrea-
“No P°°r
tion
Until
terrier

Undoubtedly good food makes good citizens. That is why the Communal Kitchen* are Mich a godsend. If there • were scores more Communal Kitchen* in every big town it la *afe to say that the crime statistics would dwindle till
•>
A good green dye for woollen materials can be made from the juice of the stalk and leaves of nettles
r.ati has passed




###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE. OCT. 3. 1*18.
Chewing
An Advertisement
by Charles Dickens
Theiv are many ]»eople who praise (Itxl from whom all blessings flow and then proceed to waste them.
The Teutonic ]»eoples have bin It up a great military machine and are trained ami forced to deny themselves. In the allied nations the denial i< left largely to the individuals.
IS THE WORLD’S BEST CHEW
It is manufactured tobacco in its purest form.
It has a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man’s use.
%

li
nv of us to say how endeavor, how much
It ta for every much patriotic
loyal aacritice we will make by saving
by “doing without,' so that i surplus to add t our own and the nation’s strength.
»
%
%
4
1
our money each day will sec

\£
%


/
r,H» much of the time of Canadian
workmen is being purchased by us to make things that are tor show and pleasure. Too great a quantity of material that our soldiers could effectively igaiust the foe, goes into the making of superfluous things t<»v us, whom | \|ex Bean 2 they are so valiantly defending
>
W HITE LEO HORN.
Cock (lo*don Brownlee 1, Amy Hod-gins a, Krnest Hancock 3.
lien - Armen l>agg L Amy Hodgins 2, Krnest Hancock 3.
( oekerel Lev MvVallum 1, J A Alexander 2. W .1 Stark 3.
Pullet I lev MvVallum 1, W E Shaw 2, Armen Dagg 3.
Leghorn any other variety -Cock, hen, cockerel and pullet —All Thos Findlay l.
S W 1 N K



Best exhibit of swine, any breed— Geo Palmer I, Alex Bean 2.
Best 3 bacon hogs Ueo Palmer 1,
V
y
use
<
&
HAN K Kli> l'OMI*KTITI» ‘\

----	-*1—-	—	Calf Kl wood Dale 1, I,) all Hodgins
The Allied drive in Macedonia last | 2, Lennon Thomas 3.
Two pigs Alex Bean 1. I lwnod Dale 2, Russell Findlay 3, Freddie Thomas 4, Ivy Millar 5.
X
week seems to have brought the Bulgars to their knees in record breaking time. They want t«> quit the war at once, and with that end in view have concluded an armistice with the Allies on terms
1


ÎL
1
v
DUCKS.
Pair lVkin, old -Nettie Bell 1.
Pair 1. o. v.. old Vincent Hodgins 1. Pair a. o. v, young- -.1 C» Elliott 1, M K McGuire 2, Vincent Hodgins 3.
UKKSK.
Pair Toulouse, old -R McDowell 1, John MvCorristi Pair Toulouse 1, R McDowell 2
VO VI Tlt Y

Best exhibit purebred poultry, laying
dictated by the latter, one condition be-1 ami table qualities—Mrs Woodley ing the demobilization of the Bulgarian Ernest Hancock 2.
-a mu». J ta. AMM I,.	fiSfïTS? '
1


armv
ing purposes
Best male bird, any age or breed
ted to have far reaching results, | x MvLellan 1, Austin McDowell 2. ling opening the way for the in-	Best pair female birds any age or
of the breed—Armen Pagg 1, Mrs O’Hara 2.
The Bulgarian break down is
HARLES DICKENS is one of the world's great teachers. Here is what he has to say in one of his books:
* My other piece of advice, Copperfield/* said Mr.
Micawber, “you know. Annual income £20, annual expenditure £19. 19. Ü—result, happiness. Annual income £20, annual expenditure £20. 0. 6—result, misery. The blossom is blighted, the leaf is withered, the God of Day goes down upon the dreary scene, and—and in short you are forever floored. As I am."
tem tory
Al
C
**
ng J McCorriston
vüsion of Austria, the cutting railway between Berlin and Constantin
TURKEYS.
Pair any variety -old—J	Elliott 1.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Pair pigeons—Bert Wain man 1, Bob Khx*k 2.
Pair rabbits Armen Dagg 1, Ernest Hamix k 2, Bob Kl<xk 3.
Exhibitor taking largest mtthber of |h)ints in Class 40 - Lewis Wiggans 1, \ in< ent Hodgin Spring wheat L Wiggans 1 Oats—Herb N Hodgins 1.
ople, and a revolt in Rumania against the monstrous peace terms imjxised
her by Germany.
s 2
on
Four largest turnips .1 B Kilgour
Over the crest and going down the is the way Generalissimo
other side,
!•' K-h describes the wai situation on
1) A 1 R V.
Honey in glass—Misa S.T Armstrong. ^Cheese, factory, colored—Y C Smiley.
Butter, dairy, 10 lbs John Cunningham 1, Herman Belshvr 2, J B Armstrong 3.
Butter, dairy, f> lbs - Robt McDowell 1. John Cunningham 2. Mrs P Dumas 3.
Butter, dairy, 30 lbs - Robt McDowell 1, 8 L Stark 2, Jas Carswell 3.
Display dairy butter—Lewis Wiggins 1, R McDowell 2, Alex Meldrum 3.
DA 1 R Y
There is war-shortening work waiting for every dollar that can be saved.
TF Charles Dickens were writing 1 to Canadians to-day he would probably give us advice to this effect:
"My other piece of advice, Canadians, you know. No matter what percentage of your annual income you have previously saved, your efforts to-day should be to save more. The advantage of so doing is threefold:	By the practice of
economy you conserve the material and labor which must be devoted to the grim task before us; you cultivate the priceless habit of thrift; you gather more and more money to lend to the Nation for the prosecution of the war to a quick and certain Victory.”
The saving of a part of one's income was always a good policy.
Prudent men and women ha\ always maintained a margin saving.
But to-day we must go farther in our efforts to save than ever before.
To-day it is a matter of the gravest importance that each Canadian seek ways and means to economize by cutting down expenditures for unnecessary things, saving the money he spends on things he could do without, so that when the Nation needs to borrow money he will be in a position to do his full duty.
Bent colored cheese—V l Smiley.
questionably true regarding the situa- I	%'a/%k "îairy lmttw-'-Mn.
tion both in Macedonia and Palestine. |> McDowell i, Mrs N McLellan -2. Amazing things have Urn accomplished Best display of maple product* F W by the Allies in those regions during Schwartz.
«* if »,r	... U. "	"
\nd it those sue-1 NVild flowers - Mary Sly 1, Laura
The same is un
the western trout
oh
eepted as correct
continue on anything likv the [ Baker 2 scale as has marked initial move
cesses
same
merits, the Kaiser’s deep-laid plans of controlling the Balkans, will soon have gone the way of many others that have failed.
FRUITS & VEGETABLES
Homemakers’ Clubs display—Wyman 1, Murrells 2, Elmside 3, Bristol 4.
Individual H. M. display—Clarendon —Mrs J 1) Hodgins, Mrs K J Wilson, Mrs W T Barber, Mrs J B Corrigan.
Wyman- Mrs N Mel .el lan, Mrs A lex Meldrum, Miss A S Pritchard, Mrs T P Graham.
Shaw ville—Mrs Woodley, Miss A ny Hodgins.
Elmside -Miss Alice Davis, Mis W Campbell, Mrs Jack McNeill, Mrs J C Jamieson.
BREAD.
4-11* loaf, homemade - M R Mi Quire 1, John Cunningham 2, Mrs Woodley 3.
Graham loaf, homemade—Mrs Peter Dumas 1, N Me Loll an 2, N Lewis 3.
Buns, homemade N MeLellan 1, N Lewis M B Mc( luire :t
Jelly cake — Amy Hodgins 1, Woodley 2, Josephene Barnett 3.
Homemade loaf (girls under IG)—S L Stark 1.
Display homemade pickles—Mrs W T Barber 1, Mrs L Wiggins 2, Mrs Baker 3.
Display garden fruit preserved—Mrs L Wiggins 1, Mrs Woodley 2.
Display maple syrup—E J Barber 1, F W Schwartz 2, John Cunningham 3.
Display maple sugar—F W Schwartz 1, E J Barber 2.
Display marmalade—Mrs^W T Bar-
? #?
4	^
[Mrs
d L*.
List of Prize Winners at Shawville Fair.
St
SPECIALS
HORSES.
Foal of season from Pride of Hcsling-ton —Edwin Pirie.
Foal of season from Gaulois—Lome Armstrong 1, E T Brownlee 2, Emerson Horner 3.
Lady driver—Eva Hodgins, Myrtle Eades.
Matched carriage horses— II Beckett 1, El lard Hodgins 2.
Pair roadsters—Geo Hynes 1, P J
Hamilton 2.
Pair farm horses, matched—J Lester 1, Vincent Hodgins 2.
Single carriage horse—Silas Corrigan 1, T P Graham 2.
Best exhibit ot horses and colts—H A Horner 1, K A Hodgins 2.
Best single roadster—Geo Hynes 1, R J Hamilton 2.
Best single carriage horse—Silas Corrigan 1.
Best single horse and outfit—George Hynes 1, Silas Corrigan 2.
High jumping horses—Two sons R A Hodgins.
Best carriage or roadster in harness—
i ! A Homer*
Best gen purpose 3-yr old colt in harness—J B Armstrong.
Best single roadster, hitched to 4 wheeled rig—Geo Hynes 1, E Mackay 2.
Saddle race—J E Davis 1, Harper Cotie 2, R A Hodgins 3.
Hitch and drive contest Thomson 1, J A Little 2
Hitch and drive contest (ladies)— Myrtle Eades.
Published under the authority of the Minister of Finance of Canada
LADIES’ DEPT.
Display G articles Class 42 Mrs II T McDowell 1, Mrs D A Baker 2, Miss Amy Hodgins 3
Display Red Cross work—Shaw ville Junior H. M. Club.
20
ber 1.
Display canned fi nit N MeLellan 1, Percy Dagg 2, Amy Hodgins 3.
Soap, homemade, hard—Mrs John B Armstrong 1, Mrs W T Barber 2, Mrs N MeLellan 3.
Hens’ eggs, 1 doz brown-shelled— Mrs Woodley 1, Armen Dagg 2, Henry 1 lavis 3.
Hens’ eggs, 1 doz brown shelled— Armen Dagg 1, Mrs McCallmn 2, Mrs Woodley 3.
(Continued on opposite page)
S W I N E.
GRADE.
Breeding sow, 6 mos. or over- Alex Bean 1, Geo Palmer 2.
Breeding sow under G inos—Geo E Palmer 1, Alex Beau 2, Th os Findlay 3.
Bacon hng—Geo Palmer 1, F XV Thomas 2, Alex Bean 3.
HAVE YOU m WHEAT for SALE ?
BERKSHIRE.
Aged sow—Alex Bean 1.
Sow of season—Gordon Brownlee 1 Geo Palmer 2, Alex Bean 3 Boar of season—Geo Palmer 1.
TAMWORTH.
Sow of season—Edwin Pirie 1.
t PUBLIC ÜNOTICE
4 _i Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon .vn
PCBLIÙ NOTICE is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, Cock, white—N MeLellan 1, R G I as established by the School Commission-Hodgins 2, R A Dale 3.	I ers of this Municipality, has been made
Hen, white— R G Hodgins 1, N Me- and completed, and that it now is and Li lian 2, Armen Dagg 3.	will remain in my possession for in-
Cockerel, white—R G Hodgins 1, Dr spection by ;wrties interested, during O'Hara 2, Mrs Woodley 3.	thirty days from this notice, during
Pullet, white—N MeLellan 1, Doc which time it may be amended; any O'Hara 2, R G Hodgins 3.	rate ;wyer may, during said delay, com-
plymouth Rot K	| P*a*n 8UC*' ro*!t wHich shall be taken
into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the Hen—W T Barber 1, R A Dale 2, meeting of the Commissioners to take Armen Dagg 3	place on Saturday the 19th day of
Cockerel-—N MeLellan 1, W T Bar- Octolier 1918, at the Office of the Secre her 2, H Millar 3.	. tary Treasurer in the village of Shaw-
Pullet— W T Barber 1, W D Hodgins | vjiie at the hour of one in the after
; but,	expired, it
come into force and eveiy person interested, after having taken cognizance Hen—W E Shaw 1, Bob Klock 2, | thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the Mrs Baker 3.
Cockerel—W E Shaw 1	|	.
Pullet—R G Hodgins 1, W E Shaw 2. | following the said delay of thirty days,
notice.
Given at Shaw ville this 18th day of month of September 1918.
m. a. McKinley,
Asst Sect y-Tree*.
Farmers :
POULTRY
WYANDOTTE
Our Company, the St. Lawrence Flour Mills Co^ Limited, is ready to buy, at the price fixed by the Government, any wheat harvested in the Province of Quebec, grown from Manitoba seed. !
If you have any such wheat for sale, mail us a sample, and let us know at the same time how much of it you can dispose of, and we will answer your letter promptly.
Graham

CATTLE
Cock—Bert Hodgins 1, H Millar 2
Beef herd—Thus McDowell 1, George Palmer 2.
Milch herd—E T Brownlee 1, Gordon
Brownlee 2.
Herd pure bred cattle, any breed — Thos McDowell 1, E T Brownlee 2.
Best exhibit of grade cattle—R A Hodgins 1, Geo Palmer 2.
Best pair 2-year old heifers, beef strain—Thos McDowell.
Best j>air 2-yr old heifers, dairy strain — ET Brownlee. *
2, Ernest Hancock 3.
P. R. any other variety— Cock—W E Shaw l.

St Lawrence Flour Mills Co., Limited, 1110 Notre Dame Street, Montreal
amount of his taxes to the undesigned, at his office, within the twenty days
Our Government standard flours, REGAL and FLEUR DE US, are still, and notwithstanding the restrictions imposed upon us by the Canadian Government, the best flours on the market for the baking of bread and pastry—a trial will convince you.	_ j
RHODE ISLAND RED.
Cock—Walter Young 1, Austin McDowell 2, J A Alexander 3.
Hen — Austin McDowell 1, Walter Young 2, J A Alexander 3.
Cockerel—Austin McDowell 1, Walter Young 2, H Millar 3.
Pullet—Austin McDowell 1, H Millar 2, Walter Young B.
SHEEP.
Best exhibit of sheep, any breed—E J Barber 1, Newton Lewis 2.
rebred aged ram, any breed — 1, Newton Lewis 2.
Best pu
it
Best purebred aged ewe, any breed E J Barber 1, A If Armstrong 2.
Best grade ewe—N Lewis 1, Rexford
Wilson 2.
FLEUR a. US
Equity Advts. Pay.

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
VitrumY Rheumatic amd KidnkyCvrk Laui.kly Ut*Ki> With Ykky Great
BuccKwa.
This is the
IV|ost important News
Published in The Equity this year
AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF A
#
Canadian Pacific Railway.
4 Weekly Journal devoted to loo# Interests.
Published every Thursday
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
CBSC'BIPTIOH, $1 A Y EAR IN AnVANCK tr All Arrears must he paid up before «iny paper Is discontinued,
Alterations in Passenger Train Service
Effective Sunday September 29th, 1918.
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, ami it is highly recommended for indigestion, dy*|M*p.HM, biliousness,sick or sour stomach, heatiaclic, hitter taste in mouth, 1 of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore liack or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. .1. Miller, grnoer and baker, Ken frew, writes : “ I hud rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. 1 used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free from all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, It. M. I). No. 5, Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes : u 1 whs troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two lx>ttles of your Victory Rheutnal ic and Kidney ( Jure com pletely cured me."
M r. I ). M
O
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal advertising. 10cents per line for *t insertion and 5 cents per line or each uhsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch n sorted at #5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the „ of 8 cents per line for first insertion tnd 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged foi accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined. .
OSS
BOYS’ CLOTHING SALE.
For particulars apply to Ticket Agents.
o
rate
%
We have put on sale 29 Boys’ Suits compris ing sizes 27 to 34, and in prices from
' $5.00 to $12.00.
These Suits are not all up-to-the-minute in style, but they are away ahead of the present minute quality and colors
We offer you a
Special 10 per cent Discount
To clear out this lot.
If you want a suit that will give your boy good school wear, try one.
QVERCOATS !
OVERCOATS !
We have just opened up a number of up-to-date Overcoats which will make those who wear them feel dressed. Why not come in and try them on and see ?
in
JOB PRINTING.
kind, of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
All
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
¦¦ JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Robertson, Renfrew writes : “ I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw* ville Drug Co., Shaw ville, (juc ; Cou-longeSupply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Que. ; or direct from the manufacturer W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. |>er bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
Professional Cards.
FELT HATS
DR. A. H. BEERS
A good range of fashionable Felt Hats in the latest colors and shapes.
SURGEON DENTIST
. QUE.
Campbell» Bay •
Doctor of Medicine end Master of Surgery
Doctorat De ntafsurgery, University of
Llcenthûe^f Dental Surgery, Quebec
Ladies’ Raincoats.
MURRAY BROS
postage
•1
Considering the very wet Fall we are having, here is a SPECIAL very suitable and very profitable for
you
Ladies’ Raincoats in Silk Poplin
All in light tan, and sizes 30, 38, 40, 42. These are $7.00 and $7.50 garments ; but to wind up the season
we offer them to you at
SHAWVILLE.
ADMINISTRATRIX' NOTICE TO ' CREDITORS.
THE TAILORS
S. A. MACK AY
In the Matter of WILLIAM SHAW, late of the City of Ottawa, in the County of Carleton and Province of Ontario, Gentleman, deceased :
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle.
The Renfrew Truck Scale
Que.
NOTICE is hereby given that all persons having any claims against the said William Shaw, who died on or about the 12th day of May, 1918, are required to send by post, the undersigned
Isabella Maria Blyth, Administratrix of the estate of the said William Shaw, their names and addresses and full particulars in writing of their claims, before the 15th day of November, 1918, after which date the said Isabella Maria Blyth will proceed to distribute the assets of the said deceased among the persons entitled thereto, having regard
IList of Prizo ^Tinners lon,yto t,ie claims °f which she shall
then have had notice, and that she will no( be liable for the said assets, or any |wrt thereof, to any jierson of whose claim she shall not then have received
$5.00 each
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
prepaid, or deliver to Solicitors herein for
4:#
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^. •
G. F. HODCINS CO. LT D.




810603
Canadian Food Board License Number

CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
A Reliable Scale for every Farmer.
AO-
A i vooate, Barrister
Local Agents Wanted
Hull.
196 Main St.
(Continued from Page 4)
For " The Old Reliable "
I also handle
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
Renfrew Cream Separators,
Renfrew Gas and Kerosene Engines,
Renfrew Happy Farmer Tractors.
Grain Grinders, Fanning Mills,
Drag Saws, Pole Saws, Belting, Shafting, Hangers, Bearings, Pulleys,
Pump Jacks,
SEED S
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
, notice.
Fall wheat —Earl Hodgioa 1, Louis | MacCRAKEN, HENDERSON, GREENE A HERRIOCE,
Trust Building, Ottawa, Solicitors for the said Isabella Maria Blyth. Dated at Ottawa, this 14th day of September, 1918.
Thousands of Orchaid trees need replacing.
Wiggans 2.
Marquis wheat—S L Stark 1, W H Corrigan 2, HerbX Hodgins 3.
White Russian*wheat—L Wiggans 1,
Robt McDowell 2, Thos McDowell 3.
Red Fife or Scotch—L Wiggans 1,
Vincent Hodgins 2, W H Corrigan 3.
White oat*—Herb N Hodgins 1, Vincent Hodgins 2, Alex Bean 3.
Peas, common—Walter Young 1, H T McDowell 2.
Peas, Arthur—Thos McDowell 1.
Barley, 6 rowed—L Wiggans 1, Robt | Bean 2 McDowell 2.
White beans-*-Nettie Bell 1, L Wiggans 1, Alex Bean 3.
Rye—L Wiggans 1.
Flaxseed—L Wiggans 1.
Timothy seed—Vincent Hodgins 1,
Thes McDowell 2, Alex Bean 3.
Corn, doz cobs—Walter Young 1, W G McDowell 2, W T Barber 3.
Ensilage corn, 2 sheaves—R J Wilson 1, R A Dale 2, Edwin Pirie 3.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER * SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.)
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed nosday and Shawvllle every Saturday,
War Garden call for small fruits.
Seeley Pumps,
The demand for Ornamental stock in towns and villages is large.
with lib-xperience
Display of tomatoes—R A Dale 1, Fred Smart 2, Mrs Woodley 3.
Display of apples—J D Hodgins 1, W T Barber 2, L Wiggans 3.
Sunflower R A Hodgins 1, Alex
Harness, Auto Tires.
Devlin St. Marie & Ducios]	K
SHAWVILLE
H. E. MITCH EM
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ee.
191 MAIN 8T ,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
STONE & WELLINGTON
(Established 1837)
Opposite Misses Wilsons Confectionery.
HULL
Celery—N McLellan 1, H I) Hunt
in* S.
Water melons- Alex Bean 1, John Cunningham 2.
Caulitiower—Willie McKinley 1.
(Remainder of prize list held over till j I next issue.)
TORONTO. ONT.
P. S. —Two second-hand Separators, Four good Horses.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME Of MEETINC :
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Scc.
Executed carefully to the eatlefao-
tlon of parties.
102 Wellington St. - -
Phone : Queen 5230.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Fort Coulonge, First Thursday, Bristol
Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
Shawvllle - First Thursday,
of each month.
Austin
Elmside
Pictures Y)f home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
H. IMISON, Artist in Portraiture
VEGETABLES.
Sugar beets—Thos Findlay 1, W G McDowell 2.
Blood beets—J B Kilgour 1.
Turnip beets—Thos Findlay 1, Alex Bean 2, L Wiggans 3.	«
HULL.
À Valuable Hen.
An egg which measured 7 % Inches n circumference was laid recently
Mangolds, long—R A Hodgins 1, R J | nj a Hunsville hen.
Wilson 2.
Mangolds, short—J B Kilgour 1	____
Swede turmp8. purple-A E Wilson 1, iMMde That c.uwd Youth to Turn
W G McDowell 2.	Hie Thought. Toward th. “Wild
Swede turnips, yellow—J B Kilgour 1
Carrots, white Belgian, long—Alex Bean 1.
Carrots, white Belgian, short—Alex Bean 1, Geo Pilmer 2 Carrots, orange—Thos Findlay 1, Mrs Woodley 2.
Parsnips—W G McDowell 1, Thomas Findlay 2.
Potatoes, white—J D Hodgins 1, Bert Hodgins (Yarm) 2.
Potatoes, pink—W G McDowell 1,
Jas Carswell 2.
Onions, multiplying—Percy Dagg 1,
W G McDowell 2.
Onions, seed—Thos Findlay 1, W G McDowell 2.
Onions, top—Alex Bean 1, TP (*ra-ham 2.
Onions, top, long—Herb C Hodgins 1, Alex Bean 2.
Potato onions—R A Dale 1, Thomas Findlay 2.
Ox heart cabbage- R A Hodgins Î, W G McDowell 2.
Flat Dutch cabbage—Thos Findlay 1.
Drumhead cabbage—R A Hodgins 1,
Thos Findlay 2.
Cucumbers—H D Hunting 1, J D Hodgins 2.
3 cucumbers, ripeness and size considered—Fred Smart 1, Josie Barnett 2 Pumpkin—Wei Armstrong 1, Thomas Findlay 2.
Squash — Geo E Palmer l, Walter Young 2.
- First Thursday,
« *
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
GEORGE HYNES
HOW INDIANA LOST CITIZEN
. First Friday,
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
I
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
end Woolly” Region.
¦	NOTICE OF MEETINGS
Parsonalattentkm.Ooensllhours. I ORANGE «All, SHAWVILLE :
Harry Coon me, ranchman and real •state expert In the far Northwest, returned to Indianapolis from his horn# near Seattle after an absence of fourteen years. It le not widely known, but Mr. Coonse, when a boy of 15, started In business as a helper on a delivery wagon of L. S. Ayres A Co.—
Custom Sawing.
O
U NOE RTA KINO
and EMBALMING
o. Y. B, LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. in.

>
K. S. H. Workman, Irvin Hamilton W. M.	Rec.-Secy
™~EE'IshAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
PROPRIETOR.
W. J. HAYES
L. O. L. No. 27, meet* let Tuesday of each month
Hbrb Hodgins.
W.M
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
had bought a rifle and a box of cartridges. One evening In Park avenue the delivery man went Into a house with a package, leaving Harry on the driver’s seat In charge of what was common at that time—a Texas mus-
=Hrr~5E I liilEElKJ
the mustang. Harry made one gmh of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending
Mt'and 'the'gon'di«down | purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order the street, .trewin* pwcknge. in it. | elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
pi in.
At dawn the next morning the horse and wagon were found in the Pleasant run bottoms, near the place where the furnaces of the Citizens Gas company now stand. Harry had already resigned.—Indianapolis News.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
Alleges will receive prompt per
sohaI attention
Reg. Hodgins, Secy.
T. SHORE
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N. Hodgins.
W Craop. in Com.
Reg. Hodgins Com. Scribe
J. L. HODGINS
AGENT FOR
Notice re. Hunting
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
All parties are hereby forbidden to . QUE. I hunt or trespass in any manner on the
following lots in the township of Clarendon, without first obtaining permission of the undersigned :—
Lots Nos. 3 and 5, Range 10 Lots Noe. 4 and 6, Range 10
Parties fonnd so doing after this notice will be prosecuted.
WM. TIPPINS,
Sept. 12, 1919. JOHN PALMER
SHAWVILLE
ft

'ROMPTLY SEC
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR 3 ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
364 University St* Montréal.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
###PAGE###6###
, .. •’ ^
A Man Chooses
HOME. RWKKT HOME
NOT How much a pouhd ?
BUT How many cups from a pound ?
Thv English Place m Germin Wished
to See.
The Story of a Struggle to
Attain a Great Ambition.

BRLAD MIXLP
X
It happened, of course, before the when Deutschland uber Ailes sounded in thfc ears of the world no menacingly boastful than Rule, Britannia! and Yankee Doodle yet had the Hymn of Hate been sung; llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll|la n<
length ho reached for his qvisitive and sentimental—still visit-
„ ed England, arriving by the Channel or I think we should celebrate, IVen,* boats and not by Zeppelins. Some of But he laughed. “While you start things ^ things they saw they admired; t HI run to town for oysters. We II ^ occasionally they sought others,
111 not be gone a mi - Qf whjch they had heard interesting

am G
more
By R W. Johnson
î

Not


k * x *x*»c « x-*-x »x*x #*M#wwx»x* x*x »•>:
! ®Do you know that a man may think impulse at ! more of a mechanical creation than of hat
Bud Barnes did
Cl
IB
hi» wife
thought he did, until the day thats' the story.
In the Barnes family there had al- have a stew
line to its last scion, Bud, and spoiled had its litter of du&t and tine *h*v- a*rer_that the ncw arrival was from
a potential farmer. The man was ings, its array of clamps, scrapers, and (jermany>	|	Tired W orker#
not content to till his acres and make hits of sandpaper on floor, chairs, and «.yrom Potsdammerburg I va»	t , be forgotten that men
¦mims	g Er e=si
He was going to prove old Strad a back house closed for the night. Bright Here vos a potter.	again year in and year out, un i t
number. And he was going to master lamplight shone on the spread board,; “Vs Berlin.	nervous system becomes frayed an
the masterpiece.	, warmth and comfort reached out a “Nein. Ohm.	worn almost to the breaking point.
He could play Devil's Dream" be- welcome. lie sat his basket on the, “Ohm? In—er -Germany, of Under these circumstances, workers
cakes fall. There is a reason for to remember that a sma . <	size and shape have upon - 1 T
: xs&zs. srsi “ '	^ -
1161 Sill
ill****55
süshï mwm 'mmm
cup is even full, weighs four ounces,	when the period is up. (,P\n x	ul *'	faulty and imperfect, io Ai urged	, jng in his eycs_a hunger Nadine	saw
Let us take this as our standard mea-	fill any space left by shrinkage put	upon him the need of higher	and understood.
sûrement Two-thirds of a cup of on the covers at once, cl imp tightly, dards. And she sold a pet heifer and “You'd like to go, wouldn't you*"
™ t : a S	« r
coarse cornmeal, one cup of fine corn- taming the trace ol vinegar oi afl.t a himself into the passion of learning.
meal, one and one-third cups of bar- pinch of soda. This prevents tie Mllaica| terms ad movements tilled his Novej War Ideas That Are Sent to ey flour, one level cup of corn flour, flat taste so many vegetables nave dayg and troubled all his dreams. His each weighs four ounces. So if your	and aids the keeping qualities.	evenings echoed to the wail of smiV
recipe calls for half a cup of wheat	- ten string», alternated by the chip of	The morning post at the Inventions
flour you can use corn flour in its	f ee W heat Substitute.	! chisel and rasp of sandpaper-he WM Roard^ supplies good proof that a
mmm mmm msmsmtitm
duce the same results, hut weight paying they are not available* be- broke harmlessly against the rock common sense, sa>s a London wri er.
r,r/„t,!rrwr.,r„Uuhdr.-ÆÆnssxfÆS-. ïi-îü
---	meal, oat flour, oatmeal and corn- egt child of his skill—the little red	k d #or tue moon to be black-
Some Practical Suggestion*.	fluUr will be turned out at the rate beech. He had worked on the mstru-*	.. enclosed a mu'titudin-
the drug store. Put one tablespoon- courage him to go even further )nn ^ new acquisition, only in the end Someone with an intimate knowl-ful into half a cupful of water. Ini- the regulations specify in the use of U) shake his head and begin another. edge of th© Reptile House at the Zoo merge the stain in this and leave for substitutes.	She quickened her pace in her flag- ; wanted 8nake# to be hurled by pneu-
twenty minutes or half an hour. If j	--* —•	erness to reach the house. ^ 01,® matlr propulsion into enemy trenches.
it ha*	disappeared	altogether,	wash	A Cold Reception.	h\‘r ."brooding kivdiiglv over the thing jln ,ieu bombs,
the javelle	water	out	ot	the	doth	jbey	were newly married, accord-	yf WOod and glue as he scrapped and J Shells supply endless fields for the
with clear water, as to leave it in will	the New York Sun, and on a polished. Her own filled with sting-; invention maniac.
weaken the fabric. If the stain has honeymoon trip. They put up at a ing tears, hut she dashed them angrily ! One recently submitted specifics-only partly disappeared put it in *‘k‘mper hotel The bridegroom felt away. Jealous—of the Little Red tion of a shell showed how dry gravel while longer.	! indhmosed and the bride said she Beech ? Was she so unworthy of her could be showered on muddy trenches;
If your gasoline or coal oil stove ^ gJi out and do a little shop- man 7 <>h* ™ % im.u/t h[lTTy’ t0 10 another, how irritant powder of a show# signs of rusting and begins to	In due time she returned and n<'”[ t0 ^mfort bim if -	sticky substance could hamper ma
prepared for the care of such appar- ..„oney. Honey ! It's Mabel! Let ATood regarding her in silence. He within the limited capacity of a shell. lleelFoirow directions and you will me in,., *	wag trembling, and his lips were col- But some of the writers keep thm
keep vour stove looking like new.	Thej.e was a silence for several orloss. His eyes held strange fires. ; ideas more within the bounds of pra<-
When preparing french-fried pota- ongg Then a man's voice, cold When he spoke his voice was unfami- ticability. toes cut them in even sections, pre- d f n of diirnity came from the liar. “Stay there!" he commanded. One ventured the suggestion that
’	HSr-
First	Negro— Pat s fat	enough,	bow dropped to the floor. He was on the rails, to prevent them shining
boss, just gib me *000.	huddled forward, has face in his nerve- at night and thus acting as a guide
Officer to Second Negro—“And how lcsa hands.	, to hostile aircraft!
“S^S^RKt....., !
name so seldom it had ceased to seem I “Why not allow balloons, asked “You have done it! There haa somebody, “to glide several hundred never been another like it in this part feet above the ground, and trail huge _	of the country, perhaps nowhere else magnets that will snatch rifles, etc.,
HHBMi	Looky i jn tbe world. I’m no judge, I—huUfrom the hands of the Hun#?"
heah. man, what you mean by gettm lt ja flne. I feel that it is fine, and
$10,000 worth ob insurance?"	' altogether—different."
Second Negro—“Dat's all right, He raised bis face at that, laugh-when dat ordah comes to go ing, and drew her to hie lysee.
,,	.	i He followed her to the kitchen and,
Save yourself as well a» the ™r- j aimleagly fumbling all email objects
plus—plan your work and work your raachf watched h^r kindle the fire, plan.	j his face et HI very pale.
will yiclu twice as much in the teapot as will ordinary tea. It is REAL economy to use it, to say nothing of the unique flavour.
«te W MM SUS
lLT. WIIIOMTOO..
^ HAMILTON ^
rumors.
He was fair. fat. spectacled and
Hi
B44S
man
7
«

à
¦¦¦¦	_______ m # ing the “pre-breakfast
I vas at red concert in Berlin quarter 0f work, and by starting his
- e her task occasionally at 8.30 in-
himself or
Sfljr, boy, you ought und , hear ,|er great Bnglee.h sop- Qr „„ „„
We’re not Ohm. to make der Kngleesh beobles rec*og^7e(i
In fact, this procedure is now ft ¦¦flflühmong munition work, and even employers are beginning the reasonableness of it, says
one
era
Youthful criminals in Germany in 1914 numbered 51.500; last year. : 177.000.
H. M. Connolly & Co.
STOCKS AND BONDS
(Members Montreal Stock Exchange) 105-106 Transportation Building, Montreal	»
Main 1845
Avail yourself of our splendid system of investing by means of our

Partial Payment Plan
chopper, rice flour buckwheat, four-fifths
*
$6 OO Invested monthly for a child under this method may mure him of comfort later on, and était him on the right road to
prosperity.
Do not let your money remain Idle. Bona fide stock» to-day and with victory now In eight In France prices are
?an ce
Do not wait—Buy new.
Write for free booklet “Saving by the Partial Payment Plan” Information on any Stock or Bond gladly furnished.
MAD INVENTORS
British Invention» Board
yield 10%
sure to ad
Hllllhll IlflTTl
nnitmiillTMlilinutmni

and moisture
William®
PIANOS
New
fettle
’THI example of the late I Queen Victoria In selecting the Williams New Seals Plano has been followed by many of the world’a most renowned musicians. This fact has caused It to be known me the Choice of the Great artiste.
water
I

Louie XV Model, S6S0.00
Ym WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA ONT.
Canada's Oldest and Largest Plano Makers
new
t
a

I
pc
atus
!
Renew it at Parker’s
i
<

Th* slothes you were so proud <rf when new—can be made to anpew new again. Fabrice that are dirty, shabby or spotted will be restored to their former beauty by sending them to Parker's.
v

\
CLEANING and DYEING

2>
Is properly done at Parker’s
->•»
ran git
Officer—“$10,000.”
Second Negro—“Jes fix me up wit dat $10,000 quick."
First Negro to Second
hi»

Send articles by post or express. We pay carriage one way and oar charges are reasonable. Drop us a card for our booklet on household helps that save money.
PARKER'S DYE WORKS, LIMITED

91
Bob Lopg
jj jfiy. JPT
Prisoners of war in BriUin are allowed to purchase three-quarters of an ounce of tobacco per week.
In pre-war days one big British firm of biscuit-makers produced over 400 different varieties number has been reduced to 50—all
UNION MADE
'cause
OVERALLS
Cleaner» and Dyer»,
SHIRTS & GLOVES
Toronto
791 Yonge 8L
Jutown from, Cocut to Cocut
R.û. LONG t CO. limit»
To-day the
roeONTO
With boyish plain.
I
###PAGE###7###

!
In spite of the constant activity de- THE ADMIRAL COMES ABOARD manded of the prisoners, the food was	—
poor and contained little nourishment. A War-Time Visit of Inspection To We did have u sort of commissary » a Ship of the British Nary, committee, composed of three prison-1 era. But if it for a single time ven-1 tured to compfkin of the soup as “un- j
Rule Britannia (Aerial).
When Britain faithfully at heaven’s ' command	•
Arose in righteous wrath, her treaty to maintain,	/
Arose in righteouse wrath, her treaty to maintain;
Forth went the mandate, the mandate that shall stand,
And guardian angels sang this , strain:
Rule Britannia, Britannia rule the air;
Britons evermore on wings shall dare.
MEN TORTURED IN GERMAN CAMPS
Tlio Weekly Fashions
#
«
4

The barge is seen approaching. The rich blue paint, polished brass, and white flag, with a red St. George’s
.——. #####&%=
po All Sorts of Laborious

RUSSIAN TEU.ll OK VUNISH- ' eatl.factory," the moat (Unagreeable
MENT TO PRISONERS.
Now that the new government standard flour is in general cse, the quality of the yeast you use is more important than ever. Use Royal Yeast Cakes. Their quality is absolutely reliable. Bread made with Royal Yeast will keep fresh and moist longer than that made with any other.
Send name and address for copy Royal Yeast Bake Book.
E. W. GJLLETT CO. LTD.
TORONTO. CANADA WINNIPEG MONTREAL
.
in hand. This is a signal. A burly petty-nfflcer, stationed near the ladder, with a shrill pipe calls all hands on upper deck to attention. The officers also assume the same attitude. A few moments later the barge is alongside, and the admiral mounting
that warn found upon the person.of a prisoner he was rigorously punished.
There was not enough clothing to
For three an,I one-half yea, » I wn. | make on« comfortable. As we had to r prisoner in a German prison camp. "ork out-of-doors regardless of wea-
mimmm§11 ipisi
«bout the treatment of war prisoners that only the iuzv ones pretended to ¦"'• laurel-leave*. He ha* as a man,
In Germany, I believe 1 have had ex- ( heat sanatorium and hard work the “ "tro"* Pcr*«,nality. and one feel; periences which are worth relating, best cure-all.	somewhat afraid.
The comp in which I was confined is	r	w	Nowadays, despite what some peo*
Comp Holzminden on the Weers. At „	„,* ° om ;.	_ Plc an admiral has no time to
this place a great number of civilians ( amp Holzminden was frequently	waste, and so he proceeds	on the	tour
<i*have in no way participated in ! v'?,ted *?y.	Haehnisch and	of inspection^
the war are held captives. It is not °*her officmls- They never looked at The officers, standing on the small
=eEt^e:	e™ s:shbh
Er c SæSs -
%- 'îS.rs.:'JSMr5 • JS tzMc sr t
tor. W ith the help of a group of his the taskmasters seems to be to make the small mess-decks, he shows a keen underling*, more ruthless than him- their finger* *ore. Every Sunday a interest in the men’s comfort*, sug-iielf. the Colonel succeeded in eatabl- weird walk i* undertaken to a wood jesting Improvements here and there, ishing a German prison regime at about six kilometer* away, from The tour ia finished, and he is Holzminden.	which they bring back wood on their again coming, aft. No time has been
backs. Hundreds of men and women wasted, and the inspection has been This regime involved forcing the are put at this work every Sunday, most thorough. Evidently the ship prisoners to do the heaviest kind of, although it could»easiIy be done by a has created a good impression, for labor. Every day they were required wagon and two horses. In fact, the though naturally, no compliments are to break up and haul stone, build biggest part of the labor demanded passed, the V.A., as he is termed, roads and work in the fields. The road of the prisoners is almost wholly un- looks pleased.
building was at a distance of from productive, and	serves no purpose	The baffle is alongside,	and the	flag
five to six kilometers from the camp. 8ave to torture.	If any one of them -lieutenant steps, in
Work in the factories of Holzminden dare to complain they arc subjected
was looked upon as camp duty. Be- to certain peculiar punishments, of side the burly petty-officer I cause of the fact that the prisoners which the most frequent is confine-	shrilly calls all	hands to attention,
were for the most part students, en- ment in an extraordinary cell called	The barge is	away, the bowman
gineers, merchants and so on, who > the “hugroom,” a place filled with	ships his boathook, and the final sal-
¦¦ unused to physical labor of this old straw mattresses and sacks, ute is piped.
which simply swarm with vermin. i
Among the prisoners none was	FIGHTING FIGURES.	.	...	,	.	__ ,
more badly treated than the group of	____ A charming dressy suit developed
prisoners.	young Russian students, of which I which Country Is Spending the Most in satin for mid-season wear
The manner of these guards is in- wa8 one- Their moral and physical /	Money?	' smartness is attained through its
describable. They received from the sufferings scarcely were to be depict-	_	simplicity.	McCall	Pattern	No.
colonel orders of the most outrageous ed. For four years they have been	Which country	of France, Great Brl	#495^	Ladies’ Coat.	In	7	sizes, 34	to
sort. To speed the work of the pris-	out of the world. The priceless, lain' an<* Germany, is spendng the	4# bust.	No. 8518, Ladies’	Four-
oners, they were told to strike them	splendid years of youth have flown most money? This is one of the ques-	pjece gkjrt. In	7 sizes, 22	to 34
with their fists and with clubs. At	*>y.	Joy, health, strength and educa- j Hons answered in German War Pro*	*aist.	Price, 20	cents each,
the most trivial offense they were in-	Hon	have been denied to them. The | Ms, where a table Is given, based up* These	patterns	may be obtained
structed to shoot. If a guard was so	war relief organizations would under-	on the expenditure during the first	^om	your	local	McCall	dealer,	or
rash as to be friendly with one of ,takc f great and wonderful work of	three	of warfare. Great Britain	from	McCall Co.,	70	Bond St., Tor-
the captives he was severely pun-	brotherhood if thev could obtain the	«pent $557.33 per head of population	on^0>	Dept.	W
imbed. To make the guards more	release of these wholly innocent war	during this period. France comes next, j	-
zealou/in their work, Colonel Callus captives by putting the matter before with $442 24, and Germany next, with informed them that all of the civil- the proper atithorities
ians incarcerated at Holzminden ___________________________
pirates and criminals, deserving of IRISH MOSS A VALUABLE FOOD the most violent treatment. The re-1
suit is inevitable. There were almost British Food Ministry Is Taking Sea daily cases of physical mistreatment.
A Dreary Day.
The day’s program was a dreary one. , We were awakened at 3.30. At 5 we went to work. Often we could not return to the barracks at noon because we were working far away from the camp, and we were obliged to remain out-of-doors in the wet and the rain until 7.30 in the evening.
At 9 p.m. we were locked up in the barracks. We had not sufficient time for sleep, rest or even for meals.
Tasks.
1
The spacious firmament in azure wave Shall yield new paths of glory for her sons to share,
Shall yield new paths of glory for her soqs to share;
In freeing nations, the War Lord did enslave;	•
Then sing right royally, the truth declare:
Rule Britannia, Britannia rule the air;
Britons evermore on wings shall dare.

î K
£

Where lightning’s g’eam and thunders roll,
In aerial combat dauntless, they
shall victory attain,	_____
In aerial combat dauntless, • they	.* .. «.hl
shall victory attain;	j	s	'	. M
Sound forth the mandate, encircling! „ Befort' thfl f,r8t ba“le of the ^ar"e pole to pole	Ferdinand loch said to one of his
Briton* everywhere shall right -’haplain*: "We arc to make our sup-maintain.	reme effort in arms to-morrow. Do
Price, 16 cents. Rule Britannia. Britannia rule tin air; >’o;i a,so malu' n supreme effort in
Briton* evermore on wing.* shall dare.	A“ trust ls mvGoJ. L Xft”
the victory ho wrote to toe Bishop of
Cahors—“Monseigneur, do not thank
me, but Him to whom victory alone
belongs.” Such is the spirit of the
Commander-in-Chief of the Allied
Armies whom we salute to-day.
X
w
m
f*r
$ McfALS
vh
r
GIRLS! WHITEN SKIN
n
LJ
c-
WITH LEMON JUICE

Make a beauty lotion for a few cents to remove tan, freckles, sallowness.
/

TOW grocer has the lemons and any Mlnard'e Liniment Cores Bnrns. Etc. drug store or toilet counter will supply you with three ounces of orchard white lor a few cents. Squeeze the Juice of
C

\

I)e Hydrating Saves Space.
By de hydrating fruits and vege-two fresh lemons Into a bottle, then tables transportation costs are saved, put In the orchard white and shake storage reduced to a minimum, and well. This makes a quarter pint of the iess packing material is needed. There very best lemon skin whitener and a saving of 75 per cent, in tin plate, complexion beautifler known. Massage caSes and shipping space.
this fragrant, creamy lotion dally Into — the face, neck, arms and hands and Just see how freckles, tan, sallowness,
I redness and roughness disappear and 1 how smooth, soft and clear the skin
becomes
the beautiful results will surprise you

!
a
t
Heaviest Work Required
AGENTS WANTED
i O H T H A I T AGENTS WANTING good prims Finishing a specialty Frame* and everything at lowest prices'. • I'nlte-i Art « «•,	4 Brunswick A\e..
Yes! It Is harmless, and Toronto.

g COTE DFTLIVEREÔ,
Held Bros.
*
B
\I.KI> HAY Hothwell, Ontario Both well. Ontario.
As the admiral follows him over the
The Bible Answers the Kaiser
once more
From the Book of Job, Chap, xviii.
5. Yea, the light of the wicked shall be put out, and the spark of his XV fire shall not shine.	'	*
11.	Terors shall make him afraid
on every aide, and shall drive him to
hiq feet	! \X7EEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR SALE
...	H In New Ontario. Owner going to
12.	His strength shall be hunger- France. Will sell $2.ooo. Worth double
Apply J H. co Wilson
FOB SALE
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER and Job printing plant in Eastern Uitarlo. Insurance carried $1.600. Will go for S1.2U0 on quick sale. Box 6» Wilson Publishing Co.. Ltd . Toronto.
<p McCall
were
fort, the tasks were particularly onerous. Furthermore, the guards were instructed to keep nagging at the
The
that amount Publishing Co.. Limited. Toronto
bitten, and destruction shall be ready at His side.
18. He shall be driven from light into darkness, and chased out of the
WOr!d_ it_ .	.	* . .	,	1 spare time, good pay. work sent any dls-
20. They that come after him shall taice. charges paid. Send stamp for partie astonished at his day, as they that t,cu,ar" National Manufacturing cora-
went before were affrighted.
MISCELLANEOUS
L
A DIES WANTED TO DO PLAIN and light sewing at home, whole or
panv. Montreal
1 ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC, - internal and external, cured wlth-
JWrlte
Dr. Bellman Medical
C
out pain by our home treatment us before too late Co.. Limited. Colling wood. Ont
Mlnard'e Liniment Believes Neuralgia
-<
A Royal V.A.D.
Princess Mary as a V.A.D. nurse has spent much time lately in learning the routine work at Devonshire House.
o —
$321.22.
Assuming Germany's financial bur den to be 100, France has to bear 138 and Great Britain 174.
An American statistician, writing in the “Century Magazine,” carries these figures a step or two furthur. He es- j The food control committee of Dun- tiniates that, if the countries could de-1 dee, Scotland, has had its attention vote every cent of their income to the
directed to the value as a food of National Debt, it would take France ! Sore cor°8, hard corns, soft corns or carrageen or Irish Moss, and it has the longest time to pay it off. She any k,nd of 14 C(,, n ( an s lort > J 1
mmm üéü mmm
States could settle the Job in two or whfch wJn positively rid one's feet ot by her naive reply to the question as
every corn or callus without pain or to what she liked cooking best. “Oh.
something that I can eat myself
This new drug is an ether com afterwards/’ she said, pound, and dries the moment it is ap plied and does not inflame or even ir-
Just
WITH THE FINGERS!

SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT WITHOUT ANY PAIN
Princess Mary has received a thorough and comprehensive education, and as the Queen is a great believer faISfc in practical knowledge domestic arts are not neglected.
When the Princess was only a very small child she was taught how to
weed Into Consideration
2125


*


article of diet.
The value of carrageen as a food three months! has been recognized by Scotch and
Irish people for generations and until tlon’a income with any degree of exact-a comparatively recent period it oc- ness, but the following may be taken cupied a prominent position in the aH approximately correct: daily food supply of the poorer states' income, $40.000.000,000; . Great classes. Of late it has gained favor Britain’s income, $12.500,000.000; Ger-among the better off middle classes. many’s income. $11.000.000.000 Carrageen is known in parts of Scotland as hen's dulse; its
scientili< name is C'hondrus crispus. war |n the bulk, and compare It with I It grows abundantly on rocks and the above incomes, we enter truly be stones within the littoral zone, flour- wildering realms. During the first
ishing in salt water which has a -fash three years of the war, the Central	l-ossible Diving Depth
various kinds of puddings. It has So	,.ured	p,)a8esston of 212,000 square ________________________________________ological	Laboratory. St. Catharines,
per cent, of mucilaginous matter, 10	mile*	of territory In France. Belgium. ;	Ont., in	bulletin No. 37, second ser-
per cent, i.r albuminoids and 15 per	Italy.	Russia. Roumanla, Serbia, and	ie*, entitled “Peach Canker," that can
cent, of mine cals, being rich in iodine	Montenegro. Before the war the value	he had	free on application to the
and sulphur.	of these vast tracts was estimated at	Publications	Branch,	Department	of
This sea weed is often confused	about $32.000.000.000. but probably this This is to certify that 1 have used Agriculture.	Ottawa.	Mr.	McCubbin
with several Olliers which have been	rtgure too low.	MINARD’S LINIMENT	iu my family	proceeds	to	give	a	description	of	the
used as food by the Scottish people,	Against this, the Allies have little	for years and consider it the best Uni-	disease,	some	account	of	the	exten-
but neither in its natural nor its pro-	more than the German colonies in Af- ! ment on the market. I	have found it
pared state has it any resemblance to	g.|ca. These undoubtedly contain
them. Little doubt is felt that	car-	muc|| potential wealth, but they do not
rageen, if methodically collected	and	,.ompare commercially with the gains
properly used, would help in augment- of the enemy ing the national food supply.
In the bays and creeks on the west coast of Scotland it grow^i profusely, but the labor of collecting It in marketable quantities is great. On the
It Is impossible to calculate a na

soreness or the danger of infection
LIQUIDS
and
PASTES
United
MONEY ORDERS
Ût
Send a Dominion Express Money Or
ritate the surrounding tissue
think! You can lift off your corns and «1er. They are payable everywhere
calluses now without a bit of pain or
If your druggist hasn't

KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
and
m
various France's income, $6,000,000.000.
When we consider the cost of the
The Ravages of Peach Canker
soreness
freezone he can easily get a small hot tie for yon from his wholesale drug ards of Niagara Peninsula, or elsewhere in Ontario where peaches are grown, one constantly meets with large, dark, gammy lesions on the
In passing through the peach orch
IN
n
house
>
X;
SHOE POLISHES
#
of fresh in it
BIACHWHITETWI DARKBROWN OR OK BLOOD SHOES
_ PRESERVE tULEATHEIU
A Feeling Confidence
Ulr CONWHTKWSUb W MtiiiTfmi
KNOCKS OUT PAIN THE FIRST ROUND
always joes with healtn.and health makinj is the bij reason for
Comforting relief from pain makes Sloan’s the World’s Liniment


V

)
r

This famous reliever of rheumatic
inful most
aches, soreness, stiffness, pa sprains, neuralgic pains, and other external twinges that humanity suffers from, enjoys its great sales because it practically never fails to bring speedy, comforting relief.
Always readv for use, it takes little to penetrate mthout rubbing and produce results. Clean refreshing. Made in Canada At all drug stores. A large bottle means economy.
A delicious food,
rich in the vital phosphates.
No Waste. You eat and enjoy rt to the last atom.
health making, nourishing, economical.
Cenodô fwJ 6wrd license N*£026
sive damage caused by It, its prevalence in the Niagara Peninsula, Lamb-ton, Essex, and Kent, Ont., the nature of the trouble, and steps that should be taken to control and remedy the evil. The bulletin, which Is both timely and exhaustive, contains six full pages of plates, showing exactly the progress of ths canker, with explanatory notes of each stage.
excellent for home flesh. .
(Signed)
W. S. PINED -Woodland.” Middleton, N.8.	.
Must Not Burn Straw Stacks
Because of the serious situation developing in Alberta and Saskatchew-
sides of the ley.	straw stacks remaining over from iavender and brown
last year in ths three prairie provinces.	X	1 ÙL	1
sloan’s
i
Kills Pain
The latest eosMeld discovered Is
mftse in
jin
• tract of Nigeria.
POM
ISSUE **-1A

Buy War Saving* Certificate#

###PAGE###8###


Pontiac Wool Growers' and Sheep BERT WAINMAN
Breeders’ Co-operative Agricultural
Association, Limited
Jtew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
The ShawYille Bool aed Shoe Store
To the Working Man :
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER
SHAWVILLE.
rhe Association is now in a position to handle your
A stock of
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Potatoes, Grain, and all kinds of Farm Produce.! Victor Viotrolae
and Victor Record,	BÏK
lust coming in I at reasonable rates.
It will be to your advantage to give ua a trial. See
Is it not a fact that the working man pays
more now than lie ever did for the shoes Ue wears in a yea:
Wouldn’t he be grateful for some way of low
ering that heavy shoe-cost
The best advice we can give is
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
.either—
W. E. N. HODGINS,
MANAGER
X
Or C. II. HODGE,
SEO.-TREAS
§y Elevator open every Wednesday until fur ther notice.
Bring In your waU'hc* and jewelry needing repairs to us. We specialize in this class of woik and assure you satisfaction.
/
FOR SALE
?
FOR SALE
Good Stock and Dairy Farm—Part
of Lots 4 and 5, 1st Concession
of Bristol.
100 acres valuable bush.
Pure Bred Sheep Sales Car
Reg’d Ayrshire Bull.
“ Burnside of Green Lake.” three years old —registered (No 5108$). Apply to
JOHN Mc COHHlSTON,
K. It. No. 1, Maryland.
BUY
Will sell 115. 150. 200, or 3(X) acres, as pun baser may desire.
For particulars apjdy t
The Wool Growers’ and Sheep Breeders’ Associations of Quebec in conjunction with the Canadian Pacific Railway are running a Pure Bred Sheep
Sales Car which will stop at :
o the owner.
. CRAIG, Bristol. Que
The Williams Shoe
They will stand up better and give more service for the price than any other.
2 p. m., Oct. 11th
Shawville,
Campbells Bay, 2 p. m, Oct. 12th Waltham,
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
2 p. m., Oct. 14th
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Rum* of the varions breeds common in Quebec will be offered for
Farmers may bring in their Pure Bred Animals to
All Animals placed in the
Each Ani-
salv by auction
the local poim and consign them for sale car must be approved by the person in charge of the car mal should be accompanied by registration paper or application foi
Blank application forms will be supplied at the car.
P. S.—Women s Over-Gaiters in stock now. All colors.
registration
l or further information address
EXTENSION ANIMAL HUSBANDMAN.
MACDONALD COLLEGE, QVE.,
Or C. 11. HODGE, Shawville, Qn:
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
¦¦¦¦The attention of the Canada X nice j Foot 1 Board has been called to the i tract ice freuuently adopted by | Licensed Dealers in Apple*
, Potatoes and other Fruits
____	_ land Vegetables, of having men
r	living in differert parts of the
Local and District. country acting ns their Agents.
buying or contracting such produce, superintending the loaning John Johnson, slayer of Carleton 0f -ame on cars ready for ship.
Walls, the Stitts ville section tore- ment, and receiving a commission
man who was killed on the C. P. R. from said dealers for such work.	“ France, August 2.% 1018.
track near Carleton Place on Sept. All Mich Agents operating in the .. pv;U. Loved Ones, Just a line to Rth, was caught in ltamsay that manner mentioned, without fir-t , i un x\\vc alM| well after “ going
BÜïspi iSSSSSS è SfSgEKE
was committed to stand hi* trial M Flint on and after the 1st dnv v 11	,l “	. • davlikdit
at the next court of competent of February. IMS, no person shall afternoon saw us iimking a t« . is
jurisdiction at Perth. Johnson is deal wholesale in fresh fruits or	attack on l-ntz. «e had g 1 -
a Bulgarian, 22 years of age, and fresh vegetables, without first hav-1 a very low trench leading iroin had been in Canada five years. j ing obtained a license from the | our front line to Hoi mu s iront tint' ri ,	. v |	•.	,, Food Controller,*’and in violating Here we were mulct
Report* from Quebec cii\ and S|K.ii order are guilty ot an offence, rage ami terrible machine gun lire sex vrai adjacent places, sa> that subject to a penalty not to j but all my platoon got through sa lei)
Spanish urrip|H-. or mtluen/a. i* | ex(.ee(j ÿi,000.00, and not less than each section having certain
lüïlEia lip—11 Esppi : %
there is the forbidding prospect ot While Ruby Uruinmoiul was ,eml*t wrts ft fHll,'lrc.	, have come at a letter time tlmn it did.
it over-running the whole country, bringing home the cows she saxv „	trenches intact. During tne counter	Ag	you	already	know,	I	wu*	gl.ul to
unless adequate measures are bear in another Held. Calling lier	attack I had to handle a hunch ot UU-,	hear that you wure an well	I	do hoi*-
taken to check its spread, and that sister .Marjory and their noble dog ; organized men, and vuth m> u»o m*s, mother is much better by now. I lmd soolle	Jerry, they succeeded in hunting I amidst a tierce barrage and gas, l man-1 ^ letter from Nellie'and 1 believe you
The.weather man who lias been it into Wm. Telfords field, when aged to hold on to rny position?*, my j1RVe had a change in the weather. I hammering the Fairs right and ^ joined in the chase. They sue- | platoon officers being busy pruxiou* r * never found out how I came out in my
event at Cobdeu last Friday. Com- I'"*	IhomasTtlfoid and gunners, and the concussion a mos know its passable. I wouldn’t mind a
rÆffSs s'JtrX *;«¦ âsïtitS" 2r	Cl: ;:2
«Ss»™5
xt day, thus transforming the 11 ‘ }	among them a parcel from home- Your ever loving son and brother,
roads into avenues ot mud and	*	apples, chocolate, taffee, rolls and tig-	Dfkt’*
water, over which very few cared	Our Wheat Crop.	arettes. I must have been like a sav-
EE'^ExpE £saoA taws saFttirS.
ing the afternoon, enabled the bee s agricultural population.	reading a letter from home! 1 thought
directors to pull off most of the , It means much to our farmers, of you all what I had come out here show ring events.	for the price fixed by the Govern- for- feeling satisfied in a way that l
ment leaves them an interesting had that night done my duty ; but my margin of profits.	heart was very sore. I had heard du-
ll we may give a bit of advice to rjng Xhe attack poor Crawford Dolan our farmers, it is tlmt they should wa> billed instantly by a German sniper save that wheat and not use it to a f lloW everybody liked throughout
mmm mrnm
ideal family flour for either bread bold him in the highest t*
pastry	doubt his folk have othcial news from
Tlie Province of Quebec farmers Ottawa by now, ann I dropp'd you a P. will find it to their advantage to V. as soon as 1 was able, to alleviate
put on the market all their sur- any anxiety on your part._When you
plus wheat instead of keeping it read this you will see what fighting we for stock feed, especially at this are doing. I may say my platoon otti-time of the year when millers buy cor, a new man with me, did exceeding-their supplies.	|y well, and he, himself, thanked me
Thus, they will follow with pro- ,*>,-*<,nally for my good work during fits to them the advice given by orations. I have also been reeom-the Food Controller of Canada, to mt,nded for a commission by my offi s,ive our xvheat for our own con- ftn(1 j fcel as though I could hone sumption first and for supplying fit by taking out one with my experience oui armies at the fi ont.	out here. Today t wo of our sergeants
and a lance corporal have gone for com-
Wood Tenders Wanted %%
Tenders will W received by the At present we are out behind the fir-undersigned at Shawville |K>st ing line, in dugouts and tunk-holes : office np to 6, p. in, Saturday, Oe- have a dandy place, with two more of tober 5th, for 20 cords of good, my corporals, and have a Jake time, sound, dry hardwood, 2 feet long. My word U does get hot during the day;
WM. ELLIOTT, onr boys roam around like savages with
Caretaker, j only their underpants on, because its so
Your family, friends ami busim
t
soviates want your pnrtraH. range of folders to choose from
FOR SALE
Interesting Letter from Sergt
Bert Brown.
Tin
11. IMISON Xrtist in Portraiture, i Nips
1 Holstein Ileit'vr, IA years old 1 Holstein Hull Calf,
1 Durham Hull Calf,
1 Durham Heifer Caff,
1 year-old Shropshire Ram, Also some Ram Lambs.
All registered.
Apply or phone,
f Port agi
• v. Herbert i Brown
few weeks ago received the
dti Fort, a following letter from Ins soil, Sergt Hurt Brown, who went overseas in 191b, and has been through a lot of heavy

Call and have a talk with
us
fighting
IDS. BROWNLEE,
R. R No. 2. Shawville
B. J. HAMILTON
Heifer Astray
Strayed from the premises » of the undersigned with other cuttle since recovered, a white heifer
Xnycme who can
give information regarding lier will oblige by phoning II. S. Elliott's or writing the undersigned.
HERBIE HOBBS,
Portage du Fort.
Office and Warerooms
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
with red neck
hi* bar
mimunica
M>
Keep in mind the Fact
t
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done
boys
Give us a cal
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
S. W. DALE
EXTRA I
ne
OBITUARY
Watch for
POSTERS
Early in the morning of September 6th, the Angel of Death entered the home of Mr. and Mrs. Richard McCord, of McCord, Sask., and claimed as his own their youngest daughter, Eva Gretta, aged 5 years, 8 months and 12
days.
The end came very unexpectedly. On the previous day she warn running around, though not feeling very well ; through the night she was restless ; about daybreak she had an attack of coughing, when her mother took her in her arms where she expired in a few minutes. The doctor attributed death to tonsilitis and heart failure.
The funeral took place at 2, p. m., on the following day from the home to the Holiness Movement chapel, where service was conducted by the Rev. H. It. Childerhoee, the text used l«>i the occasion being Kingdom of Heaven.” Afterwards the remains were laid in the cemetery adjoining the chapel to await the resurrection morn.
Little Eva was a bright, winsome child, loved by all who knew her. She was a favorite on earth, but now a jewel in the skies, for Jesus has taken her in the purity of her infancy to be with him.
for
The Biggest and Best
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO




Copenhagen Is used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a email pinch, for a start, and put it between the lower lip and gum, in the centre.
Afterward» you can increase the size of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you desire.
Copenhagen is strong, because the tobacco of which It is mode is cut into fine grains, which makes it impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.
Hence, a MttHe "pinch long way. showing that Copenhagen is not only an uirusuaWy economical chew, but also one of the finest quality, being made of the best, old. rich, h igh - flavore d tobacco.
or


ever pulled off here.
For of such is the
Dates Oct. 10,11 and 12.
fcr.f-- a
Save your money for this Sale and it will save money for you.
The parents and family have the sympathy of the entire community in their sad bereavement.
Two ruen, Geo. Goode and Benjamin Banks, engaged in connecting up telephone wires at Carleton Place recently, were instantly electrocuted by the wire which they were handling, coming in contact with the electric power w ires
In the garden of our Saviour There are many precious flowers, And He plucketh where He choose*h Now He taketh one of ours.
ARCHIE DOVER.
Com.
