###PAGE###1###
O
No. 11, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
SEPT. 5, 1918
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
the
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
BANK
Prompt Returns From Shipments
When you ship Grain, Butter, Cheese or Fruit, put through The Merchants Bank a Draft on the buyer. This is the business way of securing prompt and satisfactory settlement.
It saves time and possible loss.
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest •
OF
Pickles
4,750,000
OTTAWA
04 Branche In Canada,

. Now is pickling time. We
are ready with the same old reliable brand
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Gecrge Goidon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle . . .
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander Maclarcn M. J. O’Brien.
Hon. Sir George II Parley E. C. Whitney
3
Of
38
Vinegar
Asst General Manager H. V. Cann.
THE MERCHANTS BANK
Head Office : Montreal. OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, ....
OUYON BRANCH, ....
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH, .....
Chief Inspector
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
We have sold it for years, and every customer satisfied. The last drop of it fully guaranteed,
A full line of—
Spices, Butter Crocks,
Fruit Jars and Flower Pots.
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager A. A. REID, Manager. D. L. WILLSON. Manager, C. E. SHAW, Manager.
To Our Town Subscribers :
The Afternoon Tea, as arranged 1>V the Junior Homvmakei > for Owing to the difficulty of keep- Wednesday afternoon, is posting a boy “on the job” to deliver I poned until further notice.
Thk Equity to town subscribers,
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
"¦ SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
|||||||||||||(||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l||||| WI ii	a |e ti a ck Is
have decided to discontinue | yet built for Renfrew Fair, there
will be some lively speed events this year’s Fair, Sept. 18, It), 20.
we
For Stenographers. For the past yc the Civil Service Commission has be scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 16 every Branch of the Service was placed under the
Our Instruction I* Individuel, and the ^ndsare now doubted*'1" is open duung the entire year
Mrs. D. S. Kelley returned from |ï°" “"J therefore Hurt at any time.
Toronto last Thursday.	p °uar "^more* per “°"	; do not
n ? »	• „ it. qi :ii c'..:,. i Messrs. A. A. Iteid and T. Grant, More than 300 student* from other local
Get a pi^ list WiawvHlB ran 0f Quyon, favored Thk Equity colleges have in the past joined our das# bept. In, 17, In.	with il cal 11 WaHiipsHh.it	c*. Names and addresses are available,
...	‘	Students are assisted to positions.
+ Miss M. haran is home from at- We are HEADQUARTERS for Short tending the millinery openings in hand. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell T6rotlt(JÎ>^t9^ij^)^	I ing, English, Correspondence
Send for circular.
ear
at
the custom, and, hencefm ward will leave the papers at the post office, every Wednesday at noon. Nearly everyone calls at the post office, anyway, so that no particular interests are likely to‘suffer.
en
J. H. SHAW.
PERSONAL MENTION
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
Chapeau Fair-Sept. 28, 24, 25. See aavt. on 4th page.
ty Arnprior Fair and Trials ot Speed, September 16th, 17th and 18th.	$1,000 in purses.
The cookmjrof wheat eubati tut vs. See the demonstration at Renfrew Fair, Sept. 18, 19, 20.
W. A. HODGINS
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Sturt-NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
etc
Mr. R. J. McCredte, of the Printing Bureau, spent the week ëbd with his parents in town.
Miss Alfreda Elliott, of Ottawa, was here on Monday visiting relatives.
W E. Gown no, H.G. W, Braitiiwait President
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Principal
SHAWVILLB
EXPERIENCE
¦	¦¦ I	Mrs. Frank Scully, of Leslie, is
The work meeting of Clarendon Miss Violet Scharfe, Ottawa, # the homo of her daughter, Mrs. H. M. Club will be held at the WM the guC8t of MiMS Ma,.:orie Robt. Dale in town, sufFering very
^ome^ ^ot Mrs.^Alr. Brownlee on Hodgins, this week.	much from a tumor on one of her
^ie 01(?ldl°°k in tin* the guest of Mr. and Mrs. R. G. 1 It is stated that there was behest ha* greatly improved, the Hodgins, over Sunday.	tween 45 and 50 automobiles and
question of help has become more Miss Florence Horner is visiting 160 other conveyances at the serious. It is reported that	her sister Mrs. Walter Haines, at funeral of the late Miss Margaret
per day is now being offered for Mayfield, N. Y.	| Horner on the 20th nit.
larve- ers.	Mra. A. E. Botlfke, of Ottawa,
Civic Holiday.—It is expected accompanied by her two boys, ar notices will be issued in a day or rived last week on a vist to friends two proclaiming Wednesday next, j in town Sept. 11, a Civic holiday, to enable Shaw ville citizens to attend Ottawa Fair.
VS
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work Is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession.
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only „ rT	. ones trained by expert, experienced office
t l Pper Litchfield, took I workers for expert office work, place on Wednesday last to the For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac .Presbyterian Church, Campbells <#uutant. we have the best courses avail-
w,t .........................
should a good farmer have
Velveteen
For Fall Suiting in Black, Navy
Matolet, Seal Brown, Tobac Brown, Co penhagen, Cardinal, Myrtle Green and Ivory. No better value will be shown in Suit or Dress material.
The funeral of the late John Luoam, o
See
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal.
Son Alignât 21st to Mr. and Mis. I w°J .uVar<k>l. E-rcetf entra^e belwet?n
RichardJiiclutrdson, oi Chat teris, I A position foi every Wills Graduates
,	„	_ ,	. Dr. XV. Bowman Ttickpr, of the
the models at Renfrew Pair on Montreal City Mission, purposes Sept, 19, 20. Something every making his annual visit to Pontiac farmer who counts himself a .good next week.
one ought to see.	» Mr. and Mrs. H. Gardner, brother-
The El inside H. M. Club will meet ^-Jaw and sister of Mr H. S. Bar-at the home of Mrs. R. R Cuth- «Rent the week-end and Labor	Error—In birth-notice publish-
bertson on Sept. 11th at 2 p. m. Day wttli the latter m town.	ed last week the name Lawrence
Program : Spelling match; Roll Ihe Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Tripp, L. should have read : Clarence L. < all —First recitation you remem- and son Thomas, who have been | Hod gins, ber having learned.	| visiting relatives in Montreal, for
the past three weeks, returhed last week.
Births
Willis College
Price only 75c. per yard
a son. Both well
Corsets
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED » MODERATE COST
We sell the famous D. & A. Corset. Our new Fall stock has just arrived and we have a complete range of styles.
—Priced from 75c. to $3.00 pair
Deaths
The editor has been favored with complimentary tickets to
“L' Exposition Provinciale” at Mrs. A. D. Maitland,» of Webb- At Campbells Bay on Saturday Quebec, Aug. 29 - Sept. 7. The wood, Ont, is on a visit to her morning, Aug. 24th, at the residelights of a trip to the ancient mother and other relatives in this deuce of Mr. Thus. Parker, Mrs.
pital this year are not for us how- section, accompanied by her young- Queale, 174 Pretoria Ave., Ottawa, ever, thanks to the pressure of est boy.	widow of the late Michael Queale,
economic conditions at home.	Miss Edwards, of Montreal, who formerly of Leslie. The deceased,
Renfrew Fair’s position as the has been visiting her friend, Mrs. who came up from Ottawa to visit second largest in the province Burton, at the iwcrsonage, Char relatives, contracted a severe cold ((apart from The cities) naturally tens, for two weeks left for home which developed conation of the brings to it all the best attractions. Friday, accompanied by Mrs. lungs, but she was only confined The show people all want to come Burton.	to her bed about four days.
to Renfrew, so Renfrew gets the The Misse» Inez Wilson, Phoebe The late Mrs. Queale, who was WVVTPn_Af _n.e . , .
wasr « EEtiB —B ES HSHS - % « =&—
Ynnmr’s William, of Ottawa : Jeremiah of -----
for a Victoria, ti. C.; Mrs. W. J. Craig
of Otter Lake and Mrs. James Magneto and Automatic Reverse. In
ilpSE
'VJ,LC059,n‘ I	,	,	, for driving horses; to be delivered a*
I he limerai, Which was largely needed through the winter, beginning attended took place on Sunday Oct. 1st. Also two tons of pressed straw, morning to the union cemetery,	Apply to Dr. C. F. C. Towles.
Otter Lake. The service being	Shawyille
spending her vacation at her home [conducted by the Rev. 1. St row in Smiths Falls, returned on Wed-1 bridge, of Otter Lake, nesday evening accompanied by her mother, who will visit her
_	, „ „ ,	. __ . .daughter, Mrs. Ellard L, Hodgins, The following residents return-
Mr. Joseph E. Dolan, of Portage Elmhurst Farm, Portage du !home from their summer out-du Fort, received intelligence port.	mgs lost week :-Mrs. G. A. flow-
serines HI
Thursdays publishedI list of men Mr. Andrew Martin, of Cache «'“Îî tLi^lth a vanety <)f the tain a sugar certificate from the killed in action included the name Bay, agent for the Geo.* Gordon ,mm> u,w?-	Canada Food Board by Sept. 1st.
of Pte. Harry Eldon McDowell, of Lumber Co , spent a day or two in Mrs. Seaman, daughter Helen, A sworn statement must be filed Massey, Out, formerly of Shaw- this neighborhood last week. Mr. |and sister Miss May Aiken, who with applications for certificate* ville. ThU young man, also, had Martin informed Thk Equity, have been visiting Shawville stating amount of sugar used In-been at the front a considerable that thus far the firm have had friends for soma time, left for tween January 31st, 1917, and Delength of time and had a§en much no great difficulty in procuring all Montreal on Friday. They were cember 31st, 1918. After Sept em service.	the men they require for their joined at Ottawa, by Rev. Mr. ber 1st it will be both illegal and
To the bereaved relative* In each lumber camps, in which respect Seaman, who was just returning impossible for public eating houses case Thk Equity tenders its they are faring better than some from a visit to his mother and to obtain sugar without a certifies rmeet sympathy, -	other concerns we have heard of. i sister in Saskatchewan.	j cate.
ca
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
Hose..
For this week we offer an extra
good Cashmere Hose (sizes 8& to 10) at 75c per pair. This is a line that is worth at least $1.00 on the present market.
18,19, 20
.SMnE&saur xBprswv
be held in the Masonic Hall on Thursday 5th at eight o’clock.
Mr. Win. Watson of Wyman, will
give an address on “War Condi-, ,	«. », , ,	,
tlons at the Front” and as he is a | urday. Miss Black has been en-
returned soldier who speaks from 8*8©®	*®.	principal and
experience, it Will be very inter- specialist in b reach at the A casting. A collection will be taken | demy this year, up to aid the ladies in their Red Cross work. Everyone cordially Invited.
OUTBOARD MOTOR FOR SALE-
Underskirts
Miss Jean Masson who has been
FOR SALE.—Single buggy with top cutter, t rulx»*. Mingle harness and horse Apply to B, W. Hodgins, Shaw ville.
Ladies’ Black Sateen Underskirts — 3 dozen left in stock around $1.00.
Killed in Action
WANTED—A young housework. Family of WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊM and good wages to suitable party.
(Jennie E. Morrison recommends this lady to any young girl who wishes to accept a position in the city.)
Apply to Mrs. A. Goodman. al Coursol St.. Montreal, Que
girl to do gen three. Good h
neral ome
worth
Our price to clear 75c. each
W. A. HODGINS
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551
###PAGE###2###
\

A FAMILIAR TRICK
Si
Never known to disappoint His G reat Decision

When King Albert, Then H<> U> Belgian Throne, Visited the C ongo
Two incidents that occurred during
Ro-e to the Occasion.	to the Belgian throne are entertain-
ingly described by a contributor to
er war days or whose memories were the London I ^(*:	, nrince
•	-*-------- ,	. forwardness. “Whv did Crane go to1 The fame of Clinton as a Red Cross froclc coot and dark trousers, while
A Tea-pot Test is better than a page	; C"	£*JCS Lf 7’1	ISL3
... —	^ 4 iMzrz	sè sggsg
Clinton; over the top again and again, boots, and a bushy with an egret.
He spoke to me of Marjorie if you1 Marjorie’s cheeks grew* thinner hut 0ne chief, when led up by the master want to know." he replied with an-, the brightness in her eyes told her ()^ ceremonies, looked romnd, atar-noyance. “Of course he loves her. Pri f ,n aer 'vor't•	( *'nton was ^ nt colonel, and then said to the
EHiL	rsirsf jx	....« s,
“Edward!" Mrs. Mann’s voice was Marjorie know o much about public tricks on others, but you umt cu ( NEW TEST OF PROOF OF DEATH, net gentle. V\nd you made him things! Where did she earn em? |an old, experienced man like myself. ,	%
promise not to tefl her?"	!	"% don t know, bdward. Sometimes The prince inquired what he meant. ; Frenoh Academy of Medicine Will Use
“Regular Sherlock Holmes, eh? 1 think the spirit-to do is a splendid mean that you can't play a game ,
That’s just what I did and I’m glad of teacher.	,	.	. on me that I have played so often on
it."
There was an awful lazy woman saved myself a lot of work, but I’ve Mrs. Mann’s reply was to resume | ft'r the usual wait ur .1.1 jciie..	.	comes to my village I never be alive or dead Is especially great on
»	"-£"EH
hors said she was- ami they could «Washing I’ve robbed of its terrors	pick! " “K»lher! Mother!" she said, turn	trouble, and so 1 have a . recommended to the French Academy '
prove it. She didnt work after by using preparations to loosen the eij y,is evening paper but he was inK tu them both. “What would you glave whG impersonates me on those of Medicine a new test, those already | noons! And she had a husband and dirt and save rubbing. Paraffin will not a3 happy as he had been.	i say if I left for France to-morrow (>vvasions lf he receives a gift, he known having proved Insufficient. The
three children and a great big ten- not inure the clothes, and if melted Marjorie came in presently and	,	has to hand it over to me; but if there best of these latter has been the Inroom house. How any woman could with the	soap and added	to the boiler	tossing her hat aside took a chair by	Mrs Mann s h.-art pounded. Mr.i	;s trouble he c m keep it to himself. I jectlon of	fluorescein,	as devised	by
ding the streets, was beyond the vir- breaking	my back over	a	washboard.	M.um ‘ ’	supervisors, Father. The Govern	voa*t	of vour8. (|0 you think anybody the whites	of	their eyo« following	irv
tuous housewives of our town. That Ironing	is made simple	by putting	* “A nurse’s course—a	Red	Cross	ment can use us. Please say 1 may	hu(	a fooj ’u.(HIb| take you for a Jpct,°n. which	the test	is supposed	to
is, it was beyond most of them. Some, away at	once all knit	underwear,	home nursing course.	Mrs.	Chap-	go. We’re to be a Red Cross unit	.	? wh there is the .«on .0f: Produce.
secretly, and two or three quite open- stockings, bath towels, dish towels man tells me she had a talk with Ted and were to go to H ranee to euper-,»	j , •	, nointinir I I)r* Person recommends placing in
ly, were frankly envious, and wished and dust cloth*. I’ve seen some of Speer the other night when Crane vise the making ot surgical dressings . Y ' , n '' ‘i ,i * «.i vn0W t,l° eTe a minute quantity of 33 per
æ=i§™! ###
was done One spring the woman “The beds we all throw open as soon dressings. The French and English never was proud of your money be-	faithfully ns that one did,and j of ,,fe Btm ,n h,m the wll,te (,f hia
was ill and the girl- this was the good es we get up, and leave the windows women are working night and day. fore! Let me have part or my ‘	blunder was disguised by eye will Immodlately turn purplish-red
old days—went in to “help out." open. At noon two beys go upstair; Girls who never before have had a share now. ’	X. tmuhtpsome nn(* swell, but this Inflammation will
When the woman got up again the aiwl with one on va eh side it takes real task are working in the fields in ‘L J for your mother to decide. ta v 11	1	, ,	,	.	' , . disappear repidly and leave no ill
::zz	ssr-EH-e -
couW to do my work in the quickest might better be do ng that than hang ^ tho „lhers' whu „.... in distress, 'laughter needs no words.	.	; Eighty prH.ee, I am your slave,
and easiest way, explained the wo- mg around a street corner. I figure, A lot uf city K:-is. girls who can af- “If you'll send the telegram saying _	* ' F . ’	f't uke „,y
x*î &	î0' alunis ssssms «4*	¦«. »« —-wT-f
thought UP myself. When I was first “When I get fruit to can I always over-"	^ ' will do some pack,Kg before use to you, but ask me not to pro-
EsS H'HSS
my dress and rest and read in the	sugar over night, or put it on the .«j)0 S(>mething	for their country	of how small she was in relation to	es as 001 or	ç	. opra,.{V’even e my
afternoon unless there was sickness,	cellar bottom, and can it first thing	ami K0 be of use," interrupted Mr*,	the need of that for which she was	i ^arr,(‘rs from	coming with me to you.
Even in canning time I make it a in the morning.	Mann. “Go on, Marjorie."	called.	.	| They have stolen my bow and arrows,
point not to work every minute. | “You see I work it by letting every- “Father’s right, Mothen Untrain- Days of nerve-wreck mg ocean voy ami dragged me here unarmed
“To begin with. I have a schedule, body help. I figured it out that an od girls will be nvisances-so are un age brought the unit finally to France you think I nm going to be such a
E5S5—1| msm #3##
Tuesday, wash ; Wednesday, clean	If each one does a little no one is ever	to NVOr^ wjtfo the	doctors nurses as	po;lus. If Crane had learned that	>ou ,	",	J ..
silver and cupboards; Thursday, iron;	tired out, and all have a little time to	capable in their	line as Dr. Bacon	Marjorie had reached France, he had	*n a second	he	had disappeared in
Friday, clean the house except the play. Of course, there are days	is in his; but what they are asking of	had	no	opportunity of	communicating	the bushes
kitchen, and Saturday clean the kiteh- when things pile up, but I stop the	us who are untrained is preparation	with	her.	ï rpm	Dr.	Bacon, busy	at
I for emergency. Why, it takes more one of the hospitals, she had had a a than nine thousand dressings for one line of greeting but friendly visits had bad case! These must be made no part in th day s work.	j
c . .	,	.	, We’ve got to be the background, the i	(To be continued.)
S>< 1 stop and rest, and wor£ergj the servers, anything, that
1	be props if we needed. »d« vjSR I OR THE TELEGRAPH
married he had to have home-made seemed wicked to me, for women +o	j-j bke to get up a class in Red Cross
bread, but it didn’t take him long to work all day long and then entertain	work. Mrs. Cnapman will help and
decide that he’d rather eat bakers’ the family at night with a tale of	I don’t believe it will take very long j
bread and have a companionable wife, how tired they were and how abused,	to get the girls and women of Clinton
than to have homemade bread and a I hate a dusty room. hut not half so	interested. Ye’re o near the city
wife who was always tired out and much as I do a nagging woman. So	we caP ^avc some one come down an
catty. He used to like rich frosted if I have to choose between dust ng	IZy0lT^vouM
cakes, too, and he always had atom- and losing my temper, or keeping both gpeer.” ach trouble. He’s found out with a dust and temper, I pick jlhe latter. It
I
the Most Critical Tastes
Il

i
m

By Edith Brown Kirkwood
%
CHAPTER IV
and
W

tr
L
¦
«BT,
it*A. À

mkè&\
her
9 v
Jfotown frvm, Cocut ioCot
an
j
t
j
\
f
<
a New Experiment.
Uncertainty as to whether a person
A PUOPKR KIND OF SLACKER
up
If death has al-

t BREADtotxtm
X
¦AKtSVlIAB M 1 M.KUTtS
W W *wu
Mae. K«fa.
bi«.d.
iÜ1
Ssvei lout
it
S»J
•«rplr
Do
C urn
•ad cleo—ûikk
aï
Deliv«ted eO ch.rgrt P«kJ le >ew Ikmm. or
four loJ mi $275
•«h* M «• $5.25
E.T.WR10HTC0
teems#
HAMILTON
CANADA

en and do all the baking that is done minute I begin to feel exhausted for the week
Wheat or defeat ? Which ?
No woman can do figure it out that the work will be here all the work expected of her and keep to morrow, and if 1 k	o long I
up, so I leave out half what the rest may net do. Mv ‘man’ thought when we were let the work wait for me
Young IVSen on the Farm
Who Cannot Go to War
CANADA Must Have Greater Agricultural Production.
CANADA Needs Men Trained in the Best Agricultural
Practices.
YOU will, be of ^greater value to your country
to yourself if you acquire all available information
garding your business as a farmer. You can obtain
this information during the Fall and Winter months at the	'
How the Turks Regarded This Wee
tern Invention
When Western civilization first beI gan to make its way into the Otton-
You will ?
I’ll write Ted man Empire, it provoked some very
' interesting reactions upon the Orient-“First thing you know she’ll be ' aj mind. One story that Sir William simple	sponge cake once	a	week and	is surely as necessary to feed your	wanting to go to France,’’ remarked	whittall tells in Turkish Stories and
fruit or plain	puddings for	dessert he	mind and soul as to feed your body,	Mr. Mann from behind his paper as	parabics shows how unquestioningly
is just as well pleased and much bet- so I try to take care of all three.”— Marjorie mounted the stairs to her eyen	wjsest 0f the Turks attri-
ter as to health So I’ve not only D.H.	1 r°“Well?”	buted the triumphs of Western inven-
17 . v	... ...	.	Do you mean to say that you’d let.tion to magic or diabalism.
to the services of the village church,	—* After he's gone over?” Mr. I	During the Crimean War, says Sir
and that my quondam lad was at	Mann’s anger was rising. “Annie.	William, the fihst Telegraph was es-
Power of Music on Character of An once precentor and choirmaster, and I don’t know what to make of you. I tablished in Turkey. This wonderful
organist too. He lately came up to honestly believe you’d like her to invention created tremendous aston-see me, and Mound him a fine, well marry Crane Chapman."	iahment among the Turks, who were
—« a-HEFE eei#	s
over his face.	loven.”	! the discussions were not concerning
“Ah, sir,” he said, in the course of ««Xll I have to say is, I have spent the scientific principles that lay be-our interview, “ I gave you a lot my Hf*. trying to protect Marjorie ‘ hind it, but whether it was good or a of trouble when I was young! But from this very thing. Annie. I've %ad thing for humanity, it was that band that saved me.” educated her and filled the coffeis fori To s0jve question it was at last
.	ker- nrlH°W"ShC WanU 10 g0 °Ut mt° decided to have a full debate by the
Sojourning In the Land of Moab. | ^e world-^	„ she ha8 .1 ulema of the province of Symrna.over
General Allenby has crossed the Jor- rjght t0 do> Edward. You can’t which at that time a very wise old
dan .where the Israelites crossed it direct Marjorie’s life as you have1 mullah presided. The meeting was
_	. .,	,	. , . | long ago. but in an opposite direction, directed the business of Clinton, That held, and fierce was the contention.
One of the very roughest lads I ever ^ ^	60 the face ot con.	to her."	Half of the ulema declared that the
immmmwmËËË
put him into a band to Pla> a side ,hat „ „ the highway of Turkish had played.	I riving at a conclusion, when some of
drum. From that momen	11	and other northern Mahominedan pil-, The fact that Marjorie Mann start- theTurks perceived that their chief,
spirit was exorcised, as indeed, in e grimg to Mecca. But its value as a ed the Red Cross assure? its success. ty.e old mullah had not yet express-olden times spirits were driven out, military highway dominating Arabia Most of the girls and women of the ^ opinion.* Both parties, there-
mmÊÈÈiÊÊmm
stranger, and ^ course a	I Jordan gorge .are the counterpart of pnderstaking.	' m v ' I “What?” said the conservatives in-
changé of conduct. He ^Ame thoge by which the army climbed Somewhere within her she felt that dio-nantlv “Do vou mean that it is steady, orderly, painstaking. Event- down to the Jordan. The Jordan val some day, somehow, somewhere the J*	f J , ip»
ually, he was apprenticed in our .jey widen8 to 14 miles in front of Jeri- knowledge was to serve- her and serve	1	* ... the • old man
SpgSSSSipiS ESS SSSSS8
round musician.	| dan orertloweth all hi. bank, at the ^i-ed not only to give un home and devil i. occupied going up and down
On leaving the institutions he car- time of Harvest," which Is April, the comfort to do their part fn the world the wire8 with each message sent.he riod with him his altered character tlme when the Colldren of Israel pass- disaster ut to Mk not à penny's wi„ have le„ time trouMe u8 morand prospered accordingly. He is over; but the rainy season Is return for the doing.	. , earth below?"
now the leader of a band in one of the months earlier. When summer comes Then came the April day, when	tha uUma ,< knowledr*l the
Midland counties, and, I learn, the the Gorge which Is 1,200 feet below America awoke to find she Was at	^ ?i ^
instructor of every bandsman on his sea level, becomes Intolerably hot. £ar- JiiwSF*?*** uliAaSSPhi ~
instrument. Besides that,he can	__*_ 23*1221JÎU?” The ZvJ' hur^
f-ccre music for every "ingle lnstru- For lubricating automobile springs ^d tr5ning camps, looked shy rm nt in his band. A little while ago a tool has been invented to spread the in thejr new uniforms and only the eld I 1 lard that that band had been yoked leaves and insert grease.	I «re whose minds turned back to oth-
and
re-
Ontario Agricultural College
Guelph

THE DRUM AND THE BOY
Outcast Child
That wonderful worker among the outcast children of England, the late Dr. Barnardo, once wrote a most interesting letter, in reply to the questions of the editor of a musical journal concerning the use of music in the Barnardo Homes. Music is, he wrote, to the undeveloped souls of those children of poverty, misery and crime what bread is to their starved bodies. As to its effect on character, Dr.Bar-nardo told this story:
THE COLLEGE TERM
The College opens September 20th and closes April 12th. This Is convenient for most farm boys, as the hardest work of the summer Is completed before the
mencement of the term and students can return to their homes for the spring seeding.
COURSES.—The Two-Year Course is particularly designed for young men Intending to be good practical farmers. It Includes studies which are of practical value in all the work of the farm. The Four-Year Course for the degree of B.S.À. Is a two-year continuation of the two-year course.
" EXPENSES.—In order to encourage young men to attend the college, the fees are fixed at the lowest possible figure. • Board. $4.00 per week; Tuition Fee, $20.00 per year
Public School Education Is sufficient for admission.
COLLEGE OPENS SEPTEMBER 20TH
Write for a Calendar giving full particulars
Q. C. CREELMAN, B.S.A., LL.D., President
com



s
i

1 Hilliil
iiiniieemiiiiepiiimieeimin



Williams

£Tc«xle


(
n
"THE outward beauty 1 that distinguishes a
Williams New Scale Plane la an Index of lie Intrinsic worth.
Into every one of those
Ideal# ere built
Ideal# of craftsmanship
that make for the
I 1	? enduring quality.
Ij • Bungalow Model, $444,00 j*
| THE WILUA1S PlAflO CÙ., LOOTED,

OSHAWA, ONT.
¦
Canada Food Bourd ordered the Union Confectionery, Calgary, to cease making candy forthwith.

until
min
###PAGE###3###
9
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
TEN ACRES AND A LIVING
ç Wou pay the /ionic, uxih, fax ^on a pousid ofcheap, pooï too.
that you pcuy .cn Hed Jn atfieA icoiù ycu pay /0?waA
taxon a cheap tea umicfuwili make, pc/Jvzpô ISO cxipi to the pound and you pay the lame 10* fax on apexurx' of fled fl>Se
which easily maAel about 250 cupA.
ç}/oil will find today mode value, mote economy, mode
dealSatisfaction in fled Hole %<2
tfvcun eveA befdie. ft lA t/uulyci waA time, tea.
She Was Young, Popular, and Had Been Reared in the ( ity.
Everybody Laughed When She Decided to Farm—
But That Wan Four Year* Ago.
When she decided to be a farmer quality, but it would frighten away a everybody laughed. She was voung. ' careful buyer. Likewise, I do not popular, unusually fond of frocks and ^lustrate mv egg sales talks with a
aUun*	h,ad b<ien reïûrCd in/hc C,ty* ' sample dozen of odd sizes and shapes.
S» ÇWI	££ rt Ê
“You’X be hack in six months,N her same quality and appearance as the friends said.	samples, and that one must keep one's
Four veafs have paaaed. Mrs. promises to the dot. A little well-Charlss S. Tupper still is “buried" in'Erected enterprise will land a eus-'
the country. Moreover, she is sup- Corner, hut only good service can hold plying eggs, chickens, honey, and .	,/	|
home-canned goods to those of her, n r ;	. . .
former assoicates who ore willing to NN hen the current wh..b >al« pi e pay for quality#	I of honey was $3 a cane, Mrs. I upper 8
“Farming," said Mrs. Tupper, “is ' comb honey has been in demand at the ideal vocation for the woman who from 2.0 to HO cents a pound feels the modern desire for a job and (jjgpogeg 0f every p0und to private the need of marriage and a home. I customers and to one grocery store
k«ep me busy. After I’d swept and , at from 4 to fi cent* more » dozen dinted and prepared meals for two. 11 than the country store is paying its had hours of time on my hands. The patrons who bring in eggs and “take corner bake shop, the laundry, and j them out in trade.”	|
modern conveniences had thrust upon | Mrs. Tupper figured that If a 'rade-1
mark has advertising pull for a manu- ; facturing concern, it would help the | farm business. She christened her] lOacres “Graceland Farm,” and this name is stamped on everything that leaves her place
“I didn't quite like the idea of printed bearing the name of the farm, spending all my spare time on cards, its telephone number, and its procalling, wqmtaVs clubs, and socia duct9| Graceland Farm is also em-pleasures. I longed to be a real plmsizcd on letter heads.
“We had a few thousand saved for fa>m business,” she suggested. A
a home, and were trying to decide typewritten letter on letterhead sta-	_ I
Where to build. One day it flashed tionery, mailed promptly, creates a J	-	1 on these different substances direct
upon me: ’Why invert in citÿ pro- p1eafant impression on the man who	. and ceiling can be sprayed with a 6 »r indirectly, and the number of name,
te red Jersey cow. She looks after side of the business.	economy in the use of feed, rapid once. Be particularly careful not mediun»
ms eieei!5E:™aiEPs
I h ed lota of <|ues ns.	Mrs. Tupper has encouraged aoto	^ f@w large pores on the legs per that have been written over by
“I didn't have any old fogy isms to mobile trade. Her apiary is within j provide the ^nly means of carrying off men and women Complaining that this a- ** unlearn; and I didn't acquire any. I sight of the road, and a “Hone/ aot, excretions, while the thick layers of world of ours is growing cold and sel- *Tr W/ ZQ went slight to the agricultural col- gale” eign brings many a customer. fgt check the radiation 0f heat from fish, we should have more land than Vlü P*. /Sfi iTf 7.-7
HSH HHI plii HlB!# wsm IISIS
«*¦1***
*¦*«*
- »• "» •- -a » “ïrau *. b.„„,.w„ srjï»2t££-
hard wood. Thdy are waxed a few tive and three times will be better.
;r times each year, and a little work each The drinking receptables must be morning with dust map and carpet kept clean. Wash them daily during
.	By Andrew V Carrier, M O,
/ Dr. Currler will • newer all algneo it tiers pretalnlr.f to Health S station 1» of general ‘n'errst If will bo answered through theme columns : If not, it will he anbw-n**<1 personally If stamped. addressed envelope is ea* ciosed. Dr. Currier w III rot prescribe for Individual cames or make diagnosis Address Dr. Andrew F. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co, 73 Adelaide Et West. Toronto.
If your
noid	food—beefsteak, for instance
Blood medicine, «re evidently thov Hut blood demmpate* more quickly
the than other an.mal tiiSUSg, and wl
it with alcohol
Blood Medicine*
which are supposed to improve
quality of the Wood -to "purify" it, X'<u try to preserve as so many people say who have no or other preservatives, you destroy very clear idea of what this statement some of its important constituents, ot
The largest portion of the make them unsuitable for digestior blood is water In addition, it con- and ««.-imiiatkm; hence, most, if no', tains the re-1 and while corpuscles, «II, of the preparations made from ! the blood celle; furthermore, it con* Wood, will not do what they are au-
<m, v h	mineral '	•
salt?», albuminoids, and fats	I do not su y that aurh prépara'
Thfkv various substances arc do- tnay not -c harmless; oft thd n rived from the food, and distributed i what people are after, when they pay over the body for its upbuilding; if their good money for them. Wher. there is too much or too little of any you see advertisements of sarspanlls of them, disease would he the result, compounds and auie cures, burdock and the best wav to remedy it would and willow dock syrups, iron am. be to supply foods containing the prickly ash strengthening blood vital elements which ere wanting.	j »*er, and mixtures containing mother.
But the wastes of the body are also wort, dandelion, mandrake, poke root carried by the blood- -chiefly as car- rurm x and many other hoi bs, do not
bonic acid and urea—the first of let your imagination cloud your judg
Th ‘sc arc all harmless ^ub-
l menus
one
She
me more leisure than 1 could use. Mr. Tupper is a young engineer whose work takes him to variouiKparts of the Dominion. In his absence I felt strongly the need of filling up my idle hours in some interesting, useful
hich, la	to t)ie lung. f r eh VBHVpHHP
mination, and the second to the kid stance* when of good quality >it The blood may also contain have very little influence on the body which are foreign to it, or the blood. When they are of poor
are about as useful as
ment
ney*
substance*
ke sugar, bile, disease-produ< juality, the] bacteria, and animal parasites. 'dried sticks.
in diabetes, sugar is circulating in] Many people will remember the sal the blood. in inflammation of the phur and molasses they used to be liver bile, filaria is one of the para- compelled to take when children. If found in the blood ; and there1 you want something which will stir up are many kinds of bacteria. A blood your blood and moat of your other j medicine is therefore, something internal arrangements, try a few i wha-h will have some sort of effect doses of this useful remedy rather
than the blood medicines with fancy with which the market is filled.
She had cards
-*.T >
way

REDROSE
LL m .Toood tea

612
S
T. H. Estabrooks Co. X
l

sit
h
U.MITFD
Si. John vTcronlo Vinni ><*g C^lgnxy
I Oo*i Control I.i ensr No. 6-2/6
V
an
city

I
den are
is preserved bc^f blood, not continue to do so.
2—An opvrat:on is possible, but it
wives
Sonic* Low-I’rired Meats
Certain parts of the butchered car-which provide us with meat

AutoSirop
mm



i
u


'jÉ The Choice 8 cf all Ranks
• *

Shaving under trench difficultieslat the front will quickly convince 4 him" that the AutoStrop is the only practical razor. It is the only razor that sharpens its own blades and consequently is always ready for instant service.
Burners.
The consciousness of being dressed appropriately—not expensively
ui m.,v let him talk on but I out moder.n improvements, Mrs. water with tepid wate%l ¦¦¦
Bit «-	% tas	t: r
ss.Mr^.i3fSs
5SSÜ2 üSiiüs
but my appearance would suggest to the city buyer the very sljpshodness and lack of reliability he fears in buying direct from the farm.
“I go strong on attractive samples!'
It would be useless to try for fancy prices if I brought honey to town in mean looking cases or rusty cans. A slight drip down the aide of a package might not be proof positive of poor

•If» »A<*


An expert stockman says that nothing speaks so well for a farm as a well mannered, well-groomed horse ! shown at a fair, even if the animal does not bring home a blue ribbon.
Draft horses are shown at halter except in case of djaft teams. Rope | halters are all right to use. Draft stallions should be shown with heavy r 111
stand and to lead before they are placed in the ring.
Good condition and good manners in the show ring will not be of much value unless the horses groomed
brush followed by the hair brush
every day ened sawdust should be rubbed into the hair and brushed out with a stiff bristled aBMNNNMNNNMNMMN should be combed daily parts should be separated with the fingers, since the comb is likely to pull out the hair of the animal is improved by singeing the long hairs about the Jaws and ears wth a lighted dandle.
-V$
Jn

Anticipate your boy's request by including an AutoStrop in your next overseas package.

Early


THE 5UN 15 BRIGHT. THE WATER5 WARM, I THINK A SWIM WILL DO NO HARM.'
--------- -MID ro*WA*0--
50 ONE FOR THE MONET TWO FORM W THREE TO GET READY AND IN I GO -
Price $5.00
Horses should be taught to
AutoStrop Safety Razor Co.,
i--
I 8347 [Hk. St.
are well Use the comb and fibre-

k
To remove dirt, damp-

The total revenue of the United poultry.
Kingdom for	the quarter ending June	Clean	out the houses thoroughly
30th. shows	a net increase of £3i>,-	twice a	year, four times is	better
794,034 as compared with the corres- * Clean the wimkiws and every part of ponding quarter of last year. Of this the house amount £21.869,000 was from excess often as profits and duties
amounted to	£166,768.320. The total	hens out	of the poultry house.	Broody
expenditure,	chargeable against re-	hens are	always lousy.
I The walls and perches, nests, floors
The mane and tall
Tangled


s
Keep the floors clean as
Use tobacco
T9» / ¦

The total revenue ! stems in all nests.
The appear»nee
Keep the setting


r


venue, vu £728,976,677.
\
y

y ^

###PAGE###4###
U. S. Authorities Seise over 2,000,000 Seditious Letters
i ‘hivago, Aug. 30.- I * p wards of 2,000-tHK) letters and other mailed documents of alleged seditious import have l>een seized recently. As a result, more than 300 search warrants were issued se vretly to post office ins|lectors cooper ating with I nitiai States District At torney Charles F. Clyue.
According to reports, practically ever) § pro (îerman and anti war organization c lias Keen made a target and the use of § the mails is denied them.	r
Among those named in the search = warrants arc : The Socialist Party, their = officials and publications and the I. W, = Wits defence fund organizations, pit	=
pagandists and officials.	s
THE EQUITY.
r*
SHAWVILLE FAIR
AA

SHAWVILLE. SEPT. 5, 1918.

in

fcl Pleasing |
ËH flavor. 1
I Scientifically | prepared.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
X
It looks as if Germany's ruthless, in sine submarine policy is going to drive Spain into the war on the side of the Entente. Spam all along has preserved rather u friendly neutrality towards the Hun, although she has lmd occasion more than once to act otherwise as is also the case of every neutral nation using the high seas.
September 16,17,18,18.
Il
f
Apply to R. W. Hodgins for Prize List and ail information required.
Che win
A partial reorganization of the Al bvrta Government, expected for some time past, was announced last week.
The main object of the shuttle was toll. I. . I IXJ JILIN,JX
V. W. g- Jfc»	feja SWISS'S
show that the crew of the German submarine deliberately murdered most of the 38 persons lost. The l -boat tor |K*doeil the vessel without warning, kill-
mgseyenvl of the crew.	*806 for Pair of Pyjamas.
UZ2£?*Sl£ I The Directors of Agr. Soc. Div. B., Co. of Pontiac
dav.tH, but she kept her keel. Sevmg	!he HoM shviburno.^llghTon^!'!c“‘	lubmarin^Lne^c	jtnîck	will	liold	their 41st Annual Exhibition on their Grounds
tins, the submarine rammed her and	Pte. Peat made two speeches and
cut her in two. The enemy.then turned	did some of the auctioning of articles
ami rammed a second boat, which had	contributed for the fund. The Sun
been launched successfully. A young	Proceeds:
,, ..................... ####	Ebs»5*5
hoyv, Vwon, and later on Mount hem- clash 1 he (.ermans then endeavored	The first article offered for sale at	>aHIy	expected •	but thwv did not	in-
I Increased Prize,
hands .>f the allied troops, and the city ship’s officers left the raft to swim back |	’ What am I bid for this adorable *iow th_ey ""deeded In < lo cking the
5™
total exceeding 116,000 with about l -boat's captain and crew. The sub | "No thanks are due me,” Mr.	°.un<, .n. e.. °. a . *k.ove^:
,r " j
orations are believed to be only prelim* bo its	| know. And, besides, I lost a brother he leak that the ship was brought into
mai,.	,l.i,h M.,	'	-	m, » »,
>hal roch is planning to carry out W-1 General Foch Picked Canadian tittle bit. And I don’t know of any ‘
fore this year’s campaign doses. It is Troops for Smashing Blow. better way of helping than through FAIL TO GERMANIZE HOLLAND
tli* pinion of experts that the en	the tobacco fund.	-----
I
Shocking U Boat Atrocities
Details of the
I
i Is the worlds best chew.
I It is the most economical chew.” i
London, August 2*
j
i
were not satisfactory toH'render Stewart. Hy the new arrangement Hon. V. IJ. Hoyle, formerly minister of education, becomes attorney general, and Hon. A. Mackay will become provincial treasurer. The portfolio of education was not settled when the above appointments were given out.
lijiiiitiiinijfiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiuiiuiluuiiiiiiiniiitiinuminiittiti
Dough Saved the Ship.
by a torpedo. Aboard was an armed luard of American eeamen under the :ommand of Chief Boatswain’s Mate Stlef Homlak, U. 8. N. The naval men
at CHAPEAU on
Sept. 23, 24 and 25,1918
The allied armies operating m different sectors during the past week have made some very imj»ortant strategic gains despite a very stubborn resistance on the part of the enemy. Haupamc,
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Good List of Specials Good Special Attractions, Speeches by
Take a Holiday and attend the Fair.
Apply to the Secretary for Prize List and other information.
P. McMAHON,
Secretary.
MICHAEL DUNN,
President
Cables received from France by the
<‘n.y will make a general retirement to I Government show that the Canadian I . Halibut Catch Dwindle*, the new	1 linden burg	line	and	there	forces have again covered themselves	The Vancouver Province publishes
make	a	supreme	effort	to	check	the	K*or*v ltn'^ ^ave made another	'the following news item: There is no
CAS:At,I!ï.“‘ïï“r,' ««*•»»«*->>• »
able,	hut apparently the t’ana.liiina haw	are seeking new grounds, for the	diplomatic or	other secret.	Everybody
been	the s|Karht-ad of the attack u|«.n	ha»but tlshing fleet is having very	küows	it.	Considering	he	Dutch	char-
MssrjKhff* .........tTLarazr s, r-s zaac
though the weather has been good, since the Dutch language assumed final UeiKWts oj the decisive attack of Aug. i In many cases, the fish brought in shape «• evidence of distinct national 1S 1nd. 19 ,'!» wl«u-h the Allied armies do not pay the expense of the voy- I ,t has geemPd best to the Hohen-
mi&mmmf=mm
,i Y ,1	.K u 11 'V 1.! h British on I ag0 tke steamers used to bring in marriage* of German princes and
i • Ivlt wing and the rreneli on the from 200,000 lbs. to 300.000 lbs. and princesses Into the House of Orange,
hght.., Everything depended upon Gen, sometimes 400.000 lbs. a trip, and which for some centuries, either as I’urrivs men. II the Canadians had were only out a week or ten days.
I lie new Ward cl managers which is failed the whole attack would have col- The declining supply of halibut has to take charge of the Canadian Northern lapsed. But the Canadian offensive v, is placed this fish in the luxury class,
Kail way system, and which is expected successful that they made the g d- aml people who wish to provide to l>e announced this week, will also est penetration since trench warfare -e* cheap substitutes for meat must turn have charge, it is stated, of the Inter- gil„--some V, miles. They were given |° other varieties of Ash. There is a'
E“ pæ? fes'E zh:eee m-PM bh
new coipotation foimctl iailed the Do-	they were the spearhead their to halibut and a few such luxury
ojK'rate them for the Govrenment.	.... .	1	/ .	. . Mrs. Watt, of Victoria. D.C., whose
The new board of management will ,	, 'V1' ,'lsi J!u 1 letn ^ it is name js aui0ng those honored by ln-
not include Sir William Mackenzie, Sir bought likely the Canadians have been elusion in the Order of the British
Donald Mann or R. J. Mackenzie, of the	g,verV 10 placo ,hVn?r. ,along Empire, is one of the Canadian wo-
with some of the most tried British and men who has done good work on this
Scottish battalions a< the shock troops ! side of the water. She has organized in the smash to force the HindenWg I successfully Women's Institutes in
the United Kingdom, and has been active 9bout food production. Mrs.
Watt, who was Miss Madge Robertson, an M.A. of Toronto University, has a young son in the army. After The food production and garde* I being wounded twice fighting with Tacoma, Wash., Aug. 29.—Fight I campaign of the Boy Scouts of Amer- an old country regiment, he is now miners are known to be dead, and 13 lea is well under way, says Boy’s Life. Jon 0en- Currie's 8tag> others who have not been ireached, are Bwy scout and, Indeed, every trod, j English Slang Has a Come-Back.
EE	I	f :	! 53| ES-iE £
last evening.	responsible for securing one adult t* that the English of two centuries ago ot erwl8e-
Four men who were taken out of the agree to work with him on the scout’s used to speak of ’Toasting” a person, I mine injured, were brought to a hospi-1 Individual garden or on the troop gar- lust as Canadians have used the term “TEDDY’ FAILED TO MAKE HIT
tal hi where their condition is n -1 d*n or on the local council garden. •in recent yeaI	-
as serious. They were rushed to Ta- Fhe adult might be a scout’s father, his como on a special train on the Northern prother or his sister’s best fellow, his
ancle or indeed any man who will
There is little hope that the 13 men I faithfully stick to the Job until th#
left in the mine are alive, but all possi- a*OD« are harvests, ble efforts are being made to reach them.
The cause of the disaster has not been learned.
I
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Dutch Character Has Successfully Resisted All Efforts Made by Its Powerful Neighbor.
allie» advance tempt the forcing of this position before adverse weather conditions set in there is bound to l»e some terrific fighting before many weeks roll around.
As foreshadowed above, Monday’s despatches tell of the capture of Pcronne by the Australian troops with 2,000 prisoners.
1‘Vx‘h decides to at
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
[Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Government Railways to be under one Management
Custom Sawing1.
Rtadtholders or kings, has been the governing head of the Dutch state.
There has been great success In securing German marriages. The mother of Queen Wilhelmtna was a German princess and her husband is a German prince.
But, while there has been success in securing German husbands or wives for the House of Orange, the assimilation has been from German into Dutch and not from Dutch into German. We recall no German prince or princess who has married into the House of Orange who has not turned out to be as loyal a Dutchman or Dutchwoman
:
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public
a* the most ardent Hollander could de- 10f thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending sire, observes the San FranciscoChron- |.	,. ^	_	.	_	.	°
purchasers interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Gets Order of British Umpire.
old C. N. R. directorate. \V. K. George, Graham Bell and W. J. Christie are already on the board as Government representatives and will remain.
lcle
line
The fact Is that the sturdy Dutch p]c(>uhpri> character persists from generation to generation and forms one of the most distinctive types of the human species.
This Is not because the German rulers have not constantly tried to mold It over, but because they have failed to do so.
And . . . the modern Germans are

Bad Mine Disaster in Washington
Scouts' War Gardens.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
Roosevelt Telle of Amusing Experience of Hie Youthful Days In the Cattle Country.
Nova Scotia Ale Soon Evaporate*.
Nova Scotia Inspectors lately sel*- I ed five barrels of ale and went for a vehicle to remove their loot. Return- :
ing, they discovered the ale had van- In oldtime cattle country and In
•	____ ,	,Ished.	I the backwoods nobody was supposed
Spruce L eed In A,rpiane8.	------------—	to think of any necessary work as de-
Because the government needs all ,	A Heal Patriot.	grading. Alluding to oldstyle Amerl-
the spruce for airplanes, the piano In the vicinity of Winnipeg, a new can conditions In a recent Issue of the manufacturers of the country are hav- j scheme is being tried. One of the Ing a hard time to get sounding boards ! municipalities just on the edge of for their instruments. Spruce Is the |,he c,t>' contains a large amount of best wood the piano manufacturers can ,and» which has never been brought
thv Canadian and Scottish troops has	__ sold In lota running from five acres the hou»#. I fed the pigs; and on an
rssrts	5E2sH53!5
### mmm mm
war. rhe> can get along with the	j l0 the task Qf Becuring the consent of	became shiny ; and the paste came off
spruce stock now on hand for some	the 200 odd owners of the property,	freely on what It	touched.	As a reault
time, they say. Meanwhile they will | The area involved is 700 acres. In try'to find a substitute for spruce. Sev-	less than a month’s time he had the
eral of the big spruce producing mills	consent of all the owners, who sp-
in the Grays Harbor district of Wash- pointed him their agent to make tbe
The land is leased to the
Pacific railway
EXHIBITION
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
American, Theodore Roosevelt «narra tes his experiences as a shoe black. He says, reminiscently:
“I remember that ones, when there
Occupy Ground that has been in Enemy Hands since 1914
London, Aug. 30.—The Times editorially says
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden Products Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies—Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits—Auto Show—Dog Show—Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time” Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Soiflme, with Tanks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Grasr Festival on the closing m^ht, Saturday Sept. 16th—Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
“ The fine advance of
summer last year. Those troops are moving in localities whore the Allies have not set foot since the first months
<>f the war.
“ The question arises whither are the Germans retiring to, to gain time, which they need very urgently.
” It would suit the Germans very well, after their severe reverses, to leave ns in possession of dismal wastes of the Somme battle field and .the areas of Hindenburg’s line of retreat. If we could stand on the line and not too far beyond. Our obvious purpose is not to give them the advantage of choice if we can help it."
I temporarily lost not merely the respect but even the affection of all the other Inmates of the house.
“However, I did not lose caste be-Agricultural College for a term of cause I had blacked the boots. I lost three years, absolutely free, and the caste because I had blacked them b^d-jollege has to turn Into tbe Red ly. But I was allowed to continue feeff-Cross fund of Manitoba every dollar ; Ing the pigs. The pigs were not so par-of the net profit derived from the | tlcular aa the humans.” crops of this land.	_
lease
tngton and along the Columbia river In Oregon that always have made a specialty of piano stock now are giving their attention to airplane material.
Stewart McClenaghan, President,
John W. Brant, Treasurer
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
COPENHAGEN
SHEWING TOBACCO
Canadian Food Board License Number 8 10603
4 Weekly Journal doweled le Loot Interests.
Published every Thuride y
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
CANADIAN PACIFIC
Let These Prices Be Your Incentive to Buy
Copenhagen le used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco Take a amain pinch, for a atari, «nd put It between the lower hp end gum, In the centre.
x A ft e rws rd a you can Increase the #!ze of the pinch
«'rength of the Chew you desire.
Copenlhâgvn le strong, because
lhe tobacco of which it la made it
cut Into fine grains, which makes It
mipaxt its strength thoroughly quickly.
LAST CALL FOR
UBSciiiPTioN, $1 a Year in Advance
All arrears must be paid up before tny paper Is discontinued.
FARM LABORERS
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for „t Insertion and ft cents per line or each uhsequent Insertion Baslness cards not exceeding one Inch nsorted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion ami ft cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application. —
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published froe of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
to suit the
TO
and

WINNIPEG
GLOVES
Hen»'., a lit Be "Mnch" gn„ a long way, ah owing that Copenhagen 1» not only an unusually economical
nn%y,"LlZ'n% °lt %
°u, rich, high-flavored tobacco
Ladies’ Silk Gloves, black and white, pure
75c. per pair.
Plus lie. per mile beyond
frwt,
silk, double finger tips.
Excursion Sept. 10th, 1918
From all Stations In the Province of Quebec, also stations in the Province of Ontario—Windsor, Pembroke and East, but not north of Parry Sound.	J
èc. per mile to Winnipeg plus $18 to starting
THE WAR-WEARY HUN.
COLLARS
Poem Distributed to Men In the
German Trenches.
An Interesting letter has been received by Mrs. H. J. Johnson, of Toronto, from her husband, Lance-Corporal H. J. Johnson, now with a machine gun section of the 102nd Battalion In France llliil||||lillllll|l|||l|||lll|||| In German and Is one of many, which were dropped from allied airplanes while flying over the German lines. The idea is said to have been conceived by Lord Northcllffe, and is designed to give the Huns a true Insight into conditions as they actually exist.	i
FARE RETURNING point.
NOCHANGE OK CARS between East, and West on the C. P. R.
For information apply to any Canadian Pacific Agent or to
C. A L. TUCKER, Agent, Shaw ville
A very special assortment of many new kinds and materials.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply* executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to. •
50c. to $1.50 each-
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
The letter 1b
OVERSIZE VESTS
Professional Cards.
New goods, fancy weave, mercerized, both
50c. a garment.
Does your Boy need a New Suit for School ? - The time will soon be here.
vests and drawers.
DR. A. H. BEERS
The letter, translated Into English, follows:
SURGEON DENTIST
Camfhklla Bay • • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.	e ,	,
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
OVERSIZE HOSE
i
“A Voice From the Grave.”
(Poem from the diary of a German soldier, who fell a victim to the proud lust for power.)
_ “A Soldier's Fate:
I was a soldier, but I was so reluctantly. They did not ask me to enlist but dragged me away to the barracks. I became a prisoner, hunted down like a wild beast. I had to go from ray home, from the heart of my beloved, and from the circle of my friends. When I think of this I am tilled with yearning and my heart burns with indignation.
*T was a soldier, but only against my will. I did not like the gaudy uniform. I did not like the hard military life. A stick would suffice to defend me, and if I am to go
Into the field, then I am to kill my , mrrü m a tt /">t> o brothers, not one of whom has done | 1 MUj 1 AlLiUrto me any harm. For this, a cripple, reap care and humiliation, and starving, I would then cry—- I was a soldier!'
“I was a soldier! Day and night I had to march instead of attending to my business. 1 had to bo on guard Instead of being free. I had te salute and behold the arrogance of many a knave.
HAS CONFIDENCE IN AMERICA I at aXV ‘Every naUonF toTWer«tdlnd
-------- peace alone, but only for the lust of
English Writer Satisfied That Coun- P°wer and to cause injury and to
cause the gold fields to be trampled down.
"Therefore, up Brothers! Germans,
.	, French, Hungarians, Danes or Flem-
The soundness at core of the modern < igh—whether your trousers be white,
man has had one long triumphant dem- | black, red or blue. Extend a broth-onstratlon. Take that wonderful little er*s hand instead of a leaden greet-story of a certain British superintend- ' Ing. Up! Let us advance to a strug-ent of the pumping station at some &Ie_ for peace and free our nation
from Its oppressors! Let those who wish wage war. I, fain, would be a soldier of liberty.”
Black only, cotton, garter top. 40c. and
50c. a pair.
We have nice patterns made up in the latest styles, and the prices will be reduced for the next fifteen days. Call in and see the quality of these Suits
SWEATER COATS
S. A. MACKAY
These are smart looking Sweater Coats that combine both style and comfort and at the same time good values. Some are made of brushed wool with large collars and fashionable sashes to match, others are in the plain weaves, good weight and style. $6.00
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, — - Que.
MURRAY BROS
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
M
SHAWVILLE.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *c.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
Farmers and Dairymen % time is here
GEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
*c
AlVOOATE, B

Rheumatism, Kidney, Stomach and - I ^sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
Hull.
196 Main St.
try's Spirit Is Undefeated and Undefeatable.
PHONE DELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
1
Because it is made in Canada
Because it is an instrument that saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
Because it is so simple that a child can redily learn to take it apart and put together again
Because it is so easy to keep clean
Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
Because all gearing is enclosed
Because it is so easy to run
Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
I
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion,
Will be In Fort Uoulongï every Wed-1 dysi<epeia, biliooenesa, sick or eour stom-
iu h, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss
of appetite and asthma. If you have a
¦	sore hack or sluggish kidneys, two to five
Devlin St. Manie & Demos I"Tj'ÏÏr.T^ ÏÏti,,.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.	|frew, writes : “I tmd rheumatism in
my shoulders for over a year. I used two bottles «*; >ur Victory Rheumatic Will attend Courts and Business In the | ami Kidney Cure, ami I am free from
all pain and stillness C. McCabe, R. M. I). No. 5, Renfrew, writes : 141 was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your
9
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
oil wells In Mesopotamia. A valve In the oil pipe had split and a fountain of oil was being thrown up on all sides; while thirty yards off and nothing between, the furnaces were in full I GOOD COOK TO BE ENVIED
blast.	_________
3
nesdav and Shawville every Saturday
4
5
To prevent a terrible conflagration Always Sure of Popularity Is the Per. and great loss of life, and save the oil j son Who Can Concoct Dishes wells, it was necessary to turn off the |	That Are Appetizing,
furnaces. The superintendent, without a moment’s hesitation, sprang through
191 MAIN ST., HULL
0
RUH
To prove that there is nothing lathe oil spray, turned off the furnaces, I trlnsically humble or shameful In cook-and died. Modern man has been doing Ing It Is only necessary to mention a things like that all through this war. hunting or fishing party. The man who We Britons are an insular people, | :an turn out a palatable dish is envied
¦— *	- ",m" iT*ooo n,u„, iï	sLsrsjsssssx ™
Renfrew writes • “ I was troubled for ILa8 8truck me *• a ratber wonderful ot frozen alcohol or a gaa jet U sure
ËSrgpssis immâz*
tton or parties.	I ^ J y M ' Robertson Renfrew duraDCe- brarery And unselfishness living, prided himself on his coffee.
162 WELLINGTON St. - - Hull. writes : “ I have not had an attack of, that we have aeen displayed by our j One of the most famous of table sauces Phone : Queen 5230.	| asthma or coughing since I took the fW“ m*n a" th®** f‘r*- Iaatinctlve- was Invented by a gentleman of Wor-
GEORGE HYNESIIkM.,„
=E3Es>H
"m	rtiiS
Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
e	Price 75c. per bottle. In re mating
Pdrsonalitt0ntiOn.Op0na.il flours, for mail orders, add sufficient to _____________— postage.
MADE IN CANADA
District of Pontiac
8
GEORGE E. MORENCY
9
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
ALL KINDS OF
A CALL SOLICITED.
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent.
Sir Kenelem Dlgby, an adventurous
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
ration of game.
It Is not even necessary that cookery should aspire to the phase called “fancy” to be artistic. Above all, the sauce, that Idol of the professional chef, should be dethroned from Its bad eminence. The sauce Is the mother of nightmares. The dish itself and not Its accompaniments, Is the thing. Cooking is real, cooking Is earnest, and the ! Is one of the greatest labor-savers, and is now being used extensively gravy Is not its goal.—Exchange.	| and successfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also re-
commended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of ( m»wi nment Exp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
Main Street,Shawville.
I
•	Learning French.
One difficulty that our soldiers In France have in learning to speak French like the natives is that colloquial French has so many humorous or slang synonyms for the perfectly good words that might be used, says the Outlook. A French-English
dictionary, with a suggestion of Dr. 1 Canadian and American Soldiers.
FONTHILL NURSERIES.	JS J. —.................... — -
_ S ,ri ,	.	..In the slang of those who never call Connection I speak of our soldiers of following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
thousands or Urchaid trees need things by their proper names, stem- Canada as well as the eodlera of the TESTIMONIAL wpbwog-	|ach.”	United States. Any man who tell.
j.,l. HODQiNsi	rati EmiHHs H£KH,H£‘E
rogus, Rliubai b plants, etc .	I of the poilu (itself one of these in- >ur own surgeons form the truth of
vented substitutes, standing, of t; and any mam who stands up any-course, for the good word soldat).	where on our continent and says that
Another difficulty that the Cana- rjje soldiers who have come from our I Secure a paying Agency with lib- (,ian soldier has in his struggle to $ide of the Atlantic to help lick Oer-• eral commissions, Experience r>ick l11? Fr^nch is humorously Ulus- nany are contracting habits of not necessary.	Ilraled by the rem&r* attrijuted to a irunkenness or that they are being
Tommy “over there”: “These people mined by the spreading of sexual know how to spell their language, li seas es among them utters a delib-but they don't know how to pro- ^rate and a cruel slander against nounce it. Here's vin. for example; Vorth American manhood which do you know what they call that? | ,hould entitle him to a suit of tar-Why, van. And when you've learn
ed how to spell cat in French—they | ride on a rail out of any community.” spell It with an h, chat—they pronounce It sha!”
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the scarcity of labor.
cover
'
UNDERTAKING
The Empire Mechanical Milker
and EMBALMING! Local Agents Wanted
W. J. HAYES ,
MAIN STREET* - SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
For “ The Old Reliable
To The Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal
“ I like the Milking Machine fine and would not be without it at any mice. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking. I can milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Bay, R. R. No. 1.
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
The demand for Ornamental stock in tpwns and villages is large.
SHAWVILLE
- QUE
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.	,
STONE <fc WELLINGTON
(Established 1837)
R
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
TORONTO. ONT
'ROMPTLY SECURED
ind-feather underwear and a free
In all countries. Ask for our INT TOR’S ADVISER,which will be sent
MARION 5 MARION. 364 University 8U Mon trial
Shawville Fair - Sept. 16,17,18
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
1. 8. Cobb, in Saturday Evening
Poet
v
###PAGE###6###
OPINIONS ON WORLD PROBLEMS
of nearly all the fortreeae* held by the ' Alllem in 1816 and by the Herman» In
I
,ty£y ' f/i'c
French in the low countries.
Quatre-Bras. The French under Ht. Dtzler. Charles V. besieged the | Ney met the Allien under Wellington town in 1644, uml it warn the scene of two days before Waterloo. Ney was several combats between the French
forced to retreat (June 16. 18161.	and the Allies in 1S1.».	ITALY'S NAVAL ACHIEVEMENT, the story of achievements Is worthy
Fleurue. puke Christian of Brims	Arcls eur Aube.—Scene of an unsuv-	t	0f the empire's hlstorv. He ref mins
! wl(‘k alld Vount Matiatteld defeated the Iceaaful attempt on part of Napoleon g. |n |aet June a thrilling story from boastfulness, but Is proud of the j Spaniards August 29. 1622: the French to prevent a Juncture of Sehwarsen | ^ t|>|d of the successful adventure record, as well he might be. under Luxembourg defeated the Allies berg and Blucher under the Prince of Waldeck on July Laon. residence of the early kings.
1. 1690; the French under Jourdan suffered In the English, religious and defeated the Austrians under Coburg league wars. Blucher was victorious on June 26. 1794
1871
S
ei #
BOY
Ry Chas. M. Bice. Attorney-at-Law. Denver, Colorado.
-s


i?



of Lieutenant Commander Rltso of the in the closing words of his ruemor-Italia* navy In a small torpedo boat, fthJe speech, are worda of warning attacking lu the open sea an Austrian that the Allies will do well to heed, squadron attended by ten destroyers. After four years of bitter straggle, of Protected hy n few escorting destroy- alternate high hopes and great dlsup-Rtzso succeeded In forcing his way polntments, the chosen leader of the through the enemy line and sank the British nation sees the tide of battle leading battleship, also tired one tor pedo into the second battleship. Previously a story was told of a daring entrance by this same Commander Into an Austrian harbor at night, where he destroyed a large transport.
It was Inferred that these
Isolated cases, but according to an | her soldiers and the superb worth of article by an Italian writer In the j her officers:	ho predicts that the
I North American Review, not less than i American army will soon exceed that eleven successful adventures of this j of Germany, and these seem to te the kind have been made by these swift ' chief factois In his confidence of the Italian torpedo boats, and much dam- military defeat of (JerlTitwiy which Is sire done to tJie Austrian nhv>	not now merely possible, but certain.
• #
t
?'



here over the French hi 1914
knot that before be knew what was happening he had snickered outright.
The room
‘ Who was it laugh
The Fight.
It was Bobby’s very first day at school, and really he didn’t quite Miss Archer turned, know what to do. It seemed to him was very still, it was a very important day; the day, ed?” she Inquired. in fact, when he had definitely started Tick, tick, went the clock toward the greatest desire of his song of a bird floated in, but other heart—being a man.	wise there was not a* sound. ev‘‘h 8
His curls had been cut short ; he'd eyes were fixed steadily on his boo a full-size handkerchief, exactly like Yet again the teacher spoke, his father's, and a brand new cap asked,” said she very distinctly, w 0 that didn’t in the least resemble a it was that laughed." baby cap. He had, in short, if hie As the silence continued she turn-own feelings were anything to judge ed away "Very well.” said she, by, stepped clear of babyhood. Even and there was no more light in her his mother, when she had kissed him eyes.
at the gate, had said, “Good-bye, little j Slowly the hands of the big clock ” and Pad had done even better, » crept around toward four. Bobby s
off-hand head was bent low over his work
He wished
Hhelma. The ancient Gallic town
Steenkerke. The Cvemh uitdm the
Duke of Luxembourg defeated the	Al-	Durototorum. chief town	of the	Rent,
lies under William 111. of England	on	The ancient cathedral was, the	place
August 3. 1692.	| of coronation of the kings of France.
Melle Alliance. A farm occupied	by	Clovis was crowned here	in 496.	Joan
the centre of the French infantry	at	of Arc crowned Charles	VII. here In
the battle of Waterloo. June 18, IS If», 1429. Napoleon defeated tho Russians Ns| ion hlmeeli being eta Honed in m Rhelm on March IS. 1814. tin- xIclnll Mv this name the Proa
sians designate the battle of Waterloo.
Llguy. Napoleon beat the Prussians under Blucher, June 16, 1816.
Turn bout.- Tho Dutch under Maurice of Nassau defeated tho Spaniards.
January IV?,	Btlikaa
feated the Austrian# on October 27, How gold your hair gleaned in the sun 1789.	And oh, your eyes—so blue,so blue!
ers
turning definitely, and we trust permanently, toward allied victory.
He acknowledges, without any reservation. the Important part that America has already played hi effecting this change of fortune, and pays werg i high tribute to the lighting quality of
The
4
Little Lad
One still September day you ran to
me
High up a hill where 1 was waiting you.
# #
But like we in America he hears about him thé voice» of those who
Lord Lana-

#
Horourt. The French under Mar-ehal Saxe defeated the Austrian* and their allies on October 11, 1746.
Victory Over the Austrians.
man,
calling, with sort of an
nod, “wish you luck, young man." j His cheeks were scarlet .
At the gate he joined Tom Mat-j there were no such thing ns school, thews, and together they marched to “Course," he said to himself, “ twas ward the great brick building which all right. 1 didn't tell a He. 1 ju*t|
was to mean so much hereafter njkept still." And his mother's vo.ee tve victory of the French under Du-both of them.	seemed to answer. In the very words mourte. over the Austrians under the
-Tell you what." said Bob, and he he had so often heard her speak.	of Baxe Tescher on November 6.
sm its .*:'U sr-    :	z i ~	— «
coming men, boys." he said heart- by the French under Conde and tho	all
.... If a chap's going to be ily. "You're headed toward the up Dutch under William of Orange on
a man he's got to be one," declared grade, and I hope you'll all make the • m.us ,	« •	—
top without a single break. But not Marteau defeated the Austrians in
Bobby tucked the thought away in many of us do. Yet if we all stand '7S4 the back part of his mind. He was together and pull together we’ll get H—elt capital of Umbourg. -The
no coward, hut somehow that wasn't there in time."	, , )u ‘h, ""' o	nCe °f °n,UKt‘ ""
quite as he had been taught. Yet, The short hand of the clock lacked ' •l*‘	01 K ans-
after all, most likely his mother didn't just a minute of four, and suddenly ^	“rmy und*r
tion and stepped in -just ahead of waver in a mist. Please, Miss  ;_ _ . . ... '  .	--u-i1-—  haH bee|i done to the Austrian navy
then* Their eyes followed him up Archer, I laughed."	fp. in IUPPI71 17 PriiMAIl	W e the Italian fleet has suffered
the walk. "I'd like," said Bob,: Behind him someone tittered Then	TUh U'liU I V Sr R Ml IN	scarcely any harm. Commander Rl:-
watching the swinging stride, the it was very still.	WlLLllLI uLlUllVll	io la a popular hero in Italy, and has
broad shoulders, the keen, alert face, He sat down, thinking drearily that	- been honored by the government most
.	...i r -	«•	" « - » - j*—-ÿ*sss
WÊBKKÊBSB
resistance ol evil it ne.omes neces- wore the yoke 0f bondage. They_	__ X	baeus,' It is a tribe that has
i™»,I de(,a,ed lb. Fr.n.h ... No,- ,<» rijo.t »L rcldiu.l lb, po.v.r, »' j	'5"f pi.m'lL I.T.S |	*5”fttoiïîEZ'mï	S”’, hMm thé
s :	fe	. % .-warts,- ¦ as*?" "
St Quentin —The army of Philip II. -the llfe of the »oul*	pathway from Egypt to the land of bird, the ibis. Likewise a reptile, the inch long, and has thirty “toes," one
under Çhilibert Emmanuel defeated	10	Save His Soul	promise Jies through the wilderness crocodile. And, not to leave out the, for edth day in the month,
the French under Constable Mont- It is a fact, strange as tt maV seem, of testing, of trail, of discipline antjf. fourth branch of the animal kingdom, Ostensibly! the insect was of morency on August 10,	1657. The that it always has been difficult to it may even be, of suffering.	they adopted a beetle as an object of account. Viewed with the e>e of re-
Germans under Von Goeben defeated make men know and understand them- Tt is a long way from slavery to worship.	j ligious imagination, n signified un-
the French under Faldherbe in 1871. selves. They are slow of heart to be- freedom. It is a real and not an From our heretic point of view, apeakable things. The soldier wore Agincourt, a village in Pas de Cal- lieve, and are often so dense and imaginary struggle. The battle may. there is scarce any humbler insect it to make him brave; the married ais.—The English under Henry V. stupid that they will not live in the be fierce and the price demanded may j than the common dung beetle, which woman to bring her children, gained a victory over the French un- enjoyment of the heritage which is be high, yet it is a contest from which devotes its most important energies Effigies of the beetle were made in der Constable d Albert on October 25, theirs as the children of God. The no self-respecting nation or individual to pushing about a little ball of ma- all sorts of materials—amethyst. The French were said to have problem of human happiness would be would dare withdraw until victory	terial that is meant to serve for the onyx, agate, lapis lazuli, jasper and
had crowned it» efforts.	housing	and incubation of its eggs. ! in/humbler substances, even clay
God grant to us the faith and con- But to the Egyptian of old it was They were supposed to possess tho serration of Him “who for the joy a sacred creature. To A is imagina same miraculous attributes that was set before Him endured the tion, the ball typified the world, and vertiable insects
cross, despising the shame, and is set the beetle that pushed it about was a The oldest of such scarabs date flown at the right hand of the throne	living emblem of immortality.	j back to 3900 B .C., and are of clay
'of God." —Rev. H. Percy Silver.	* The beetle in question is known to covered with a green'glaze
the ancient centuries they were in finger-rings, in necklaces, and as amulets. They were commonly put Into coffins with mummies to r~“ a faith in resurrection. As many a* 3000 of^Ahem have been found In o tomb.
Your head held back to brdkthe the autumn air,
Your arm flung round me and your eager smile—
Jemma pea.—Famous for the devis- How precious i* this thought of you
to keep.
Now ' that you have left me for awile,
The activities of the Italian navy have been confined to the penetration
of harbors with torpedo boats which W • coiupromlis peace
haw been given the name "Hersag jdowne'" P'f'ng utterance» tor peace
he disregard* and summarily dismisses; but he hears others, too, ad-vacating peace parley* and talking in « loose terms of a so called “league of nations."
lleves In a league of nations, but he don't want It till Prusslanism is forever crushed. He sees that there Is

lier! of the Sea." bersagllerl being a title that properly belongs to a class of infantry sharp shooters
no more brilliant and daring acts than these harbor attacks have beqn made during the war. It is related of an entrance Into the port of Trieste by two
torpedo	command Bi
of Rlsso, that tlirv went In a dense ***** ****** ln 8rvk,n« I**"' *”’r fog on a very cold night, and the men mRtureIy nm* *warn* ogatllst ,f ualil were obliged to spend two hours cut- we ure aRHl,l>‘l1 Hint it will not holing eight large wire ropes across the come the Instrument of selfishly am harbor entrance, and to lower the con- j bitioua powers,
nectlons of large mines, in order to* 11,0	wko ,na*lp the war. he
declares, “are still prosecuting sinister alms. You cannot have pence as
ê
He wants pence, and be-
Tom nodded.

“I \spect we'll
agreed.
‘bout forty-leven fights before night him “What«t-t?" Bobby's eyes widened, as “Course.
As though you saw, beyond the hill’s high crest,
Some joy too deep to tell, a sign As though there waited for you there A greater love than mine.
The French under
pass over them safely.
Two big dreadiiHUghts were at tho
extreme interior of the harbor, their long "" thov are Predominant In tho
councils of our chief enemy.”

Tom emphatically
exact location having been learned
through the u ty oy seaplanes. The j
Italians sank one of these ships snd 1
Jones (to Ilrown, amateur dabbler threw torpedoes against another of accopt any ,,eavti offer* for it^wonld be ¦¦ ^¦¦¦H	motive	one
of betrayal and assassination.
We expect the enemy will offer
peace terms, for they will have to do
this to escape defeat. Its their last
card to play now.
As the premier states “The people who made the war" must be dispossessed of power. The only Germany with which a peace can be made safely, Ir a Germany freed from Prussia, and this severance Is not likely to take : place until Prussian Militarism is crushed.
*
y> all know It would be foWy to
Versatility.
' i
because of the necessity of lmste In
• •
V
Tom nodded.
said, “he can fight.
A league of nation*
%
many
"THE COCKPIT OF THE WORLD”
ember 27, 1870
Battles of St. Quentin.
It is about an
no
WHERE MANY FAMOUS BATTLES
WERE FOUGHT.
Belgium and Northern France For Nearly Ten Centuries Battleground of Europe.
numbered 60.000 and the English only solved if men would only relate their
! lives to the programme of human advancement by a closer walk with God. When they will not de this they become entangled In endless difficulties and are made to suffer, fleet a moment:—The suffering is not
16.000
France and Belgium have been the battleground of Europe for nearly a thousand years. The course of history has been altered many, many times In the centuries past by the struggles that have occurred in the territory that is embraced now in the western front. Our boys literally are fighting in the “cockpit of the world.
A glance over the map will show, among hundreds of others, these battles which have had direct influence on the fate of nations and peoples: —
Catalaunlan Fields.—A plain near Claons-sur-Marne, France, famous for the victory of Aetius and the Gothic King Theodoric over Attila and his Huns—451 A. D.
Oudenarde.—The Allies under the
EriîSSSS 3EEE'e=
Napoleon on June 18, 1816.
Lens, Pas-de-Çalals. — The French under Conde gained a decisive victory over the Spaniards under Archduke Leopold William on August 20, 1648.
Fortunes of Lorraine.
as the
Lille, belonging to the Hose of Haps-burg, was taken by Louis XIV. in 1667. It was unsuccessfully beseiged by the Austrians in 1792.	>
Bouvlgny.—The French under Philip Augustus defeated the army of Otto IV., Germans, Flemings and English, h ' on July 27, 1214. Otto's loss was 30,-
Let us re
In all
worn
# r> I',? r	. -a

& •
«r/
A
WM


000.

express
x %
Landrecles, Department of the Nord —Taken from the French by Charles V. in 1543. It passed from Spain to ! France and back several times and was besieged and taken by the Allies In 1794 and by the Prussians In 1815.
Crecy, a village on the Somme.— | The English under Edward III. defeat-'ed the French under Philip VI. on
The French lost
r v* .
' a
wm
na
0L
4L»
People nowadays often wear ancient Egyptian scarabs as “charms." But their authenticity is not always beyond doubt.
m
cJ

In recent years, to I supply the great demand, machine made scarabs have been turned out by i millions in Cairo, for sale to the gulli-In workmanship they are superior to the vertiable article.


r
i



hm

Tfc

op



1 ' t,Sl_
ble.





11, 1708
Courtral, West Flanders, the Ancient Cortoriacmn.—Twenty thousand Flemings defeated forty-seven thousand French under Robert of Artois In the “Battle of the Spurs," July 11
May 19 and was led at Bruges by Philip de Conyac, master of the cloth Lorraine, Charles the Bold, Duke of weavers, and John Beydel. master of Burgundy, was defeated and slain by
the Swiss on January 5. 14 , v French taken by the French in 1633, restored
Women On the Farm
I am now converted to the practical usefulness of women on the farm." Dr. G, C. Greelnflfh, Minister of Agriculture for Ontario and President of the Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph.



m
?
3?
7*






Km*'-


m



:
The Fleming revolt began on




At Nancy, the ancient capital of

Flammerwerftn ‘literally “flame-hurler") is a device used by fhe Germans for throwing Are at their foes.
Getting money is not all a man’s business; to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of a man’s business," was said by Dr. Samuel Johnson.
Vase and flowering plants protected from the early frosts will look well | in the flue weather that usually fol' Newspapers	over the
A Hospital on a Canal Barge—Tavmg on wounded en route tp “Blighty" on a hôpital barge on a canal In plants and tied or weighted with
j stones





the butchers.
Fontenoy, Belgium. -The
under Marshal Saxe defeated the al- In 1631 and passed again to the FrencJ* lied English. Dutch. Hanoverians and In 1766.
Austrians under the Duku CumbebÉm[HlMmiH|^| land, losses on both sides being very mann checked the French under great—May 11, 1746.
Roulent. 27 miles vest southwest of fertng with Blucher.
Ghent—The French under Plchegru enabled to arrive at Waterloo In time, and MacDonald defeated the Austrians Raintllies. -The Allies under Marl-under Clerfayt on July 13, 1794.	, borough defeated the French and ]
Amiens —The Germans under Man-1 Bavarians, which led to the capture


4^*7-*..
Wavre.—The Prussians under Thiel-




Grouchy, preventing them from Inter
who was thus



¦





t
France.
v
X
i
X
L
###PAGE###7###

X
U
/
s>
The Fia*! lr Globe.
To the layman nothing may seem more rigid than the crust of the earth, but men #f science say that it bend* and buckles appreciably under the pull of the heavenly bodies.
Observation has shown that the shores on opposite sides of a tidal basin approach each other at high tide. The weight of water in the Irish Sea, for example, is so much greater at that time that the bed sinks a trifle, and in consequence pulls the Irish and English coasts nearer together.
Thus the buildings of Liverpool and Dublin may be fancied as bowing to one another across the Channel, the deflection from the perpendicular being about one inch for every sixteen miles.
ordinary valleys widen under the heat of the sun and contract again at night.
'
Two rueful
Designs
y
BD

a
l 4
•W0
MAGIC
BAKING
POWDER

S


Tj%
vr»
RAKINO
l'tiWUl P
r*
'T'HIS is FREE PALM-
1 OLIVE WEEK for every
-*S
CONTAINS NO ALUM MADE IN CANADA.
1
y
A
user of this famous soap.
The week in which you buy one cake at the regular price, and secure another full sized cake absolutely free by presenting the coupon which appears below.
Every dealer who sells soap is acting as our agent, in this great free offer. Each will accept the coupon in exchange for a cake of Palmolive provided you buy another cake of Palmolive at the same time.
It has also been shown that
Mourning
Shall I wear mourning for my soldier dead,
believer? Give me red,
Or give me royal purple for the King
At whose high court my love is visiting.
Dress me in green ^f or growth, for life
___ mate new;
For skies his dear feet march, dross me in blueo
In white for his white soul—robe me in gold
For all the pride that his new rank shall hold.
In earth’s dim gardens blooms no hue too bright
To dress me for my love who walks in light!
I
*>

VESI LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
•t
e MoCâ u
Cincinnati man tails how to dry up a corn or callus so It lifts off with fingers.
You com-pedtered men and women need suffer no longer. Wear the shoes that nearly killed you before, says this Cincinnati authority, because a few drops of freexone applied directly on a tender, aching corn or callus, stops soreness at once and soon the corn or hardened callus loosens so it can be WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR nfted off, root and all, without pain.
—	A small bottle of freezone costs very
Make this beauty lotion for a few imi© at any drug store, but will posl-cents and see for yourself.
With all soap selling at war-time prices, this gift will be doubly appreciated—act now, while the supply holds out. Tear out the coupon, sign it and take it to your l dealer at once. Don’t risk losing you" free cake of
One of the reasons why the kiddies like parties, they if they may wear a charming little frock like this? McCall Pattern No. 8440, Child’s Dress. In 5 sizes, 2 to 10 years. Price, 16 cents.
And why shouldn’t
»
*
LEMONS MAKE SKIN
lively take off every hard or soft corn or callus. This should be tried, as It What girl or woman hasn't hearAof |g inexpensive and is said not to lrrl-lernon juice to remove complexion tate the surrounding skin, blemishes; to Whiten the skin and to
y
If your druggist hasn't any frpezone bring out the roses, the freshness and f tell him to get a small bottle for you the hidden beauty? But lemon Juice from his wholesale drug house. It is alone is acid, therefore irritating, and | fine stuff and acts like a charm every should be mixed with orchard white time, this way. Strain through a fine cloth the juice of two fresh lemons into a bottle containing about three ounces of orchard white, then shake well and you have a whole quarter pint of skin 1 and complexion lotion at about the cost one usually pays for a small jar of ordinary cold cream. Be Sure to
x.*t % -sro
When applied* daily to the face,°neck, {j^®y 18 DOt Bt f°r WlDter f°°d f°r

T

7
.S.
4-

w

g#


Feed The Bees.
Now 1b the time to save out the honey for fall feeding. It is the poorest kind of economy to skimp the bees on their allowance of food. Be sure to : take honey for feeding only from healthy colonies. Examine the brood
f
S' '
Wmfb‘


I
I


;
à
\
r



is



i
arms and hands it should help to bleach, clear, smoothen and beautify the skin.
Any druggist will supply three ounces of orchard white at very little cost and the grocer has the lemons.

Lachute, Que., 25th Sept.,, 1908. Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen, Ever since coming home from the Boer war I have been bothered with running fever sores on my I tried many salves and linl-also doctored continuously
\
/

No need to tell you how good Palmolive is. How its smooth, creamy lather is considered the % greatest of all toilet luxuries.	N
Make this your introduction to the luxury you have been missing if you don’t already use Palmolive—
—or accept this opportunity to enjoy a cake free if you do.
Palmolive contains Nature’s greatest cleansing agents—the Palm and Olive Oils prized since history began as the greatest of all toilet luxuries. Its delicate Oriental perfume adds to the pleasure of its use. Its lasting qualities make it the economy soap.
LX
O
legs.
menti;
for the blood, but got no permanent
HOW BEES KEEP WARM.
© HrCi
____________________________________
industry throughout the winter months me and I have worked every working as during the summer. Being sus- day since, ceptible to cold, the bee must have •some means of supplying warmth.
It was found by experiment that only the shell of the cluster made jy the bees in cold weather is compact.
This is formed by one of several lay- There are many people who have < ur-of bees all solidly arranged with'ly hair, but it is difficult to say how
their heads inward, their hairs inter-i many, for Japanese ladies try as hard i
to straighten their hair as American ,
In these
Wonderful Way in Which They Generate Heat in Winter.
McCall Pattern No. 8437, Ladies’ and Misées’ Negligee or Nightgown, one size. Price, 20 cents.
Transfer Design No. 848. cents.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, Dept. W.
In
McCall Price, 10
Yours gratefully,
JOHN WALSH.
Curly Hair a Blemish In Japan.
Curly hair is net admired In Japan.
ers
________rom mam___________,
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER am! Job printing plant in Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried 11.600. Will go for $1.100 on quick sala Boa ## Wilson Publishing Co.. Ltd.. Toronto.
lacing.
This arrangement is perfect for ladies do to curl theltsg conservation of the heat within. Ex- modem*days various preparations for
cept for an occasional shift of posi- straightening hair are sold in drug __
tions the bees forming the shell are stores, and there are beauty parlors p 'quiet. But within the shell strange In the principal street of Toklo which * things are going on. -	; advertise tq “straighten hair by new
- It is here that the heat Is generated, devices for making it lasting straight
And the antics are not alike our own -and no Injury to the hair."	wanted-, i.ooo. you
wbe* we arc cold.	- --- \	can make U In your county with our
The bees are packed loosely within	MONEY ORDERS.	ÎS.Nmaù'bLknïSM^th.^nrat'mon”
the shell so that there is plenty or Dominion Express Money Orders Another agent sells 20 in two hours, space for many bees to be exercising are on gale flve thousand, office.
at a time. Rapid fanning of the wings, throughout Canada.	men on time. Territory going fast
shaking the body from side to side,	—â-	i 2Rtuo2U MutT o2.	SC
rapid breathing and other movements _	WÊÊÊÊ^È
all PA{*ts of the scheme for raising ^
the temperature.	his effort to discover the South Pole, ^ANCER tumors, lumps. ETCL.
In one particular instance, when a	her bit by acting as secretary internal and external cured with-
bee had been rapidly fanning with his to the Ministry 0f Pensions in Eng-	iman Medical
wings for seven and a half minutes, jan(j	ç0 Limited. Colling wood Ont_______
the thermometer nearest him rose^half h degree Fahrenheit.
w
EDIGREED NEWFOUNDLAND Puppies, that noble breed now so nearly extinct. We have some very fine ones. R. A. Gillespie. Abbotsford. Que.

Lady Kathleen Scott, widow of Cap-1 Foster. Que fl R. F. Scott, who lost his life in
are
If You Present This Coupon
t Cures Distem
? inurd’e Li
fl
Concerning Tile Drains.


It is not enough to think that your tile-drain outlets are all performing right. Best go and see. Muskrats, or boys trappng or hunting rabbits, may have plugged up the tiles, thus: stopping the free flow of water from the outlet. Maybe a sod from the bank abov* has dropped down, obstructing the flow. Caving dirt from the creek bank will shut off an otherwise good outlet. In fact, so many things can happen to close, these much needed drains in spring-time freshets, that you can do no better half-day’s work than to take a spade over your shoulder and make an entire round of all these outlets. We once found a frabbit wedged tightly into one of our farm drains* several yards from the outl/t. and we had to^ dig out a number of tiles in order to remove the obstruction, which would have made the drain useless for many
1
are kept open.
A basket cradle for babies, which can be suspended from an automobile seat or folded compactly when not irt use, has been invented for the use of most youthful motorists. -
Scalloped corn can he made in a baking dish, putting the corn on in layers and seasoning with pepper, .%|t, butter and grated cheese. Bake till the top is brown.
m
//
%

si.



ar
* a
i
\ * FREE SOAP COUPON
J it This coupo.. will be accepted (it presented withii thirty days) as full payment for one cake of Palmolive Soap when the bolder purchases another cake at the regular price Of 13c (two for 25c.)
Only one coupon may be presented by each family and the name and address of the party receiving the free Palmolive Soap must be signed in full to the following:
1 hereby certify that I have this day purchased one cake of Palmolive Soap from my dealer and received one cake Palmolive Soap Free.
#
a


4%

WT¥
ii:

*
\


&

II!


cTfie Wear and Tear on that boy of yours during the active years of childhood and youth necessitates a real building food.

9
iBaJs
PAIN
xfiStor

%

w
MU
i


M
m mmm

A
-
A VVrees  .............—.... . ... ......  ...
proneE TO nSALVIMi U> will	th*»««»
___SfWru with «hle Ooiipoa only under the foliate-
See to it that all outlets
f n
n

Grape-Nuts
Pain? Hirst’s will.stop Itl I Used for 40 years to relieve rheu- I matiim, lumbago, neuralgia, j sprains, lame back, toothache, I and other painful complaints. I Have a bottle in the house. A11 I dealees, or write us.	I
HIRST RIM SD Y COMPANY. Hemiliee.Cee. I

rar
supplies the essentials for vigorous minds %
. and bodies at any age.
“There’s a Reason’
(831)


/
'Truth can be outraged by silence , In one week In July 4,670 cattle
Calgary sUrket. as compared
35*
HIRST’S remit* Salve. (S0<)
HIRST'S Peciere! Srre» el
Hereheued end Elec mm pens. (35c) BOTTLE
The average daily expenditure of Great Britain for the war is now $34. quite as cruelly as by speech.”
were
v. I with 337 for the same week last year.
“Till Harvest or Bust,” is the wheat
thr if ^slogan.
ISSUE 35- 1H
Ouaift 'Food iioui J Uunee
ED. 7.

«
Dt»a
t
###PAGE###8###
BERT WAINMAN
Tie Shawville Bool and Shoe Store
flew Barber Sljop <
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
Renfrew
WATO
K
W
SHAWVILLE.
A stock of—
Victor Victrolas and Victor Records
—Jest coming In
Witch for our Exhibit at Shawville Fair.
Fair
Cheapness in Shoes
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
A Call Solicited
Bring In your watches and jewelry need-1 TRUEMAN FUCK • SNAWVlLLE*
Ing repairs to uh. We specialize In this class of work and assure you satiafac lion.
Does qot depend upon their price but upon the service they give
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
Sept. 18, 19, 20, 1918
X
$4,000 offered in Prizes.
Grounds Greatly Enlarged.
More Space for Exhibits.
More Space for Sightseers. Exhibit of Model Farm Buildings, Special Speed Events. Demonstration of Cooking with
Wheat Substitutes.
War Belies from Battlefields of Europe.
Baseball Matches — Renfrew vs. Barry's Bay ; two days.
Balloon Ascension and Double Parachute Drops by Vapt. and
Madam Farley ; two days.
The Merry-Go-Round.
Big. Noisy, Fun-making Midway.
Grounds Brilliantly Lit at Nights.
Square Deal for Exhibitors.
Courtesy to Visitors.
(wood Music by Brass and Pipe Bands.
Fine Displays from Good Farms. Best Apple Show in Ottawa Val-
And on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE
1 Holstein Heifer, 1} years old,
1 Holstein Bull Calf,
1 Durham Bull Calf,
1 Durham Heifer Calf,
1 year-old Shropshire Ham,
Also some Ham Lambs.
All registered.
Apply or phone JOS. BROWNLEE,
R.R. No. 2, Shawville.
Good Stock and Dairy Farm—Part of Lots 4 and 5, let Concession
of Bristol.
100 acres valuable bush.
Will sell 115, 120. 200 acres, or what block as purchaser may desire.
For particulars apj>lyjt°
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
the owner. CRAIG, Bristol, Que
MASSEY-HARRIS
In buying we look for seryicc, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind to the lack of them.
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency fur the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
us
ley
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Enlarged Poultry House.
Valentine's Splendid Orchestra at Night Shows.
A Jolly Big Crowd of People.
Be one of the Crowd
Pleased
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Pictures of homo folks carry warmth X our family, friends and business as* and comfort to the heart of a soldier, seriates want your portrait. A nice Make an appointment to-day.	range of folders to choose front.
11.1 HI80X,
Artist in Portraiture
For Prize List or other particulars write
tv. E. SMALLFIRLD,
See.-T reas.
H. IM ISON, Xrtist in Portraiture
T. F. BARNET, President
About one third of nil sugar used in the homes L served in tea
A&AR3: «5	"°™E 0F «ETHICS, HOMEMAKERS' CLUBS.
ssa	tf ifsfs sÆaafîMva	«*. sh«wville ¦
nu inopportune time for farmers j	poumis of sugar per
who were threshing from the stock 1 ,f and had a lot of grain ready
Local and District.
1
Call and have a talk with
us.
TIME OF MEETING :
i>
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Thursday,
of each month.
O. Y. Ii. LODGE, No. :104. meets %nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. in.
Irvin Hamilton, Bee. Secy
B. J. HAMILTON
Is there a (possibility of saving sugar in your home ?" asks the
Canada Food Hoard.
E. S. II. Workman W. M.
Office and Warerooms
While most ot the business ]daces remained open Labor Day, the banks in town were closed, and some of the employees took advantage of the holiday to visit the Capital.
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each month
Herb Hoiwins W. M
Mrs. A. S. Smart Receives Medal Won by Her Son.
(Edmonton Bulletin, Aug. 21.)
There was quite au exodus of | Mrs. A. S. Smart, 11405, 102nd the town young people on brulay avenue, has received from her «on evening last, the objective being Sergt. Jason J. Smart, the military Green Lake, where preparations medal for bravery on the battle-were made by Mrs. P. !•;. Smiley field, which lie was recently
A, Dwev for enjoying a awarded. Sergt. Smart took part fcôOQ old-fashioned corn roast be-1 ip (foe memorable fighting at Hill lore the cottages are vacated and 70, when	prisoners
the peaceful little summering place taken by the allies, fie has been I About one hundred Fowis-hcns and resumes its wonted solitude till twice wounded The medal is be ,his )*ear s chickens — chiefly Barred
* mstice her son.	y
Reg. Hudgins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N. HODGtlfS,
W. Cinop. in Com
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Éavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
Reg. Hudgins Com. Scribe
Ready for Emergency.
"An optimist looks on the bright side of things.”
"Yes, and if
Fowls for Sale
were
he is a real optimist &e tries to carry a little mental polish and shine up the dark side now tnd then,” . ,	• f ; r^r
Shawville
Satisfactorily clone

1 til ImiliK' HIM
feast, which was supvle-with a supply of coil
am
FOR 9ALF]
Studied while a prisoner.
to the
men ted m and cake.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
ec
September Rod and Gun
The September Issue of Rod and me n't tad toThc	Musi™’ Ho,,or Won ünder
iliisiiiiBi
very pioneify lms the leading	STRAYED	captive slnre the outbreak of the
place ill tin-» issue, followed by a	» war, this young University of Toronto
t,ief lg Strayed from the Craig Frrm in Bristol man has displayed rare pluck and ni tile, u> Oeoi ge ( m bert ; anot her	August 15th. a 2-year old Steer, devotion to his art and reports are
duck article “Inherited Instinct mostly white. Information that will that he has made remarkable pruby Edward T. Dart in ; “When lead to his recovery will be thankfully re- greS8 a8 composer and conductor, the Goose Honks High" by George ceived hv the owner.	Dr. MacMillan, son of Rev. Alex-
R. Bolton ; “Moonlight and Black	HAROLDC r fuKRTk ON. , ander MacMillan, of Toronto, went
Ducks'* by F. V. Williams ; “The	.. to Paris for summer musical studies
Wild Pheasant on Vancouver Is -------------------------------=	- *n 1914 after completing his third
land ; “Three Important Wild	STRAYED	ear In the course in Modern History.
Duck Foods"; “Billy Mink's Diary"	^	Attending the Wagner Festival at
ft* ftWfisaSTBS ÆU as
full page ones of scenes at the re* white yearling Heifer. Owner may hare *en ill. The war intervened and, af cent Grand International trap same by identifying property and paying ter a short confinement in Nurem-
wituEbii,*? ’------------------— s-LSïrsrjssasiîiSiK
Most things can he anybody s gift— the news being forwarded to him. l.itr I your portrait is distinctively,exclusively During the past four years occa-
>"•"« ..*y- fr.,,urr™.1*,".Ke.r".f1hï
AHi« i. mu jsss.wj£jriR
HUHnow comes from England
sfsmm =###=
many th<msand dollars x\ oi th ( f conflnement the doctor has, incident-personal belongings. wa« totally apy prepared the orchestral parta destroyed by tire on Tbur^Iay last. for musicians who possessed various The loss is estimated at $.i0,000
Unusual Circumstances
Mr. II. S. Barilett has had a letter from his son Willie, who went overseas a couple of months ago. The letter states that when the contingent was released from ci ua ran tine, after teaching port, the soldiers were given two weeks
leave and provided with a social
train which took them tip to London. From there the Iwys had an opiiortuiiity of visiting different parts of the old land where their inclinations directed. Willie Barnett went to Scotland, and among other places of historic interest that he visited, he had the pleasure of a view of beautiful “Loch Louiond,” famed in song and story.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
Held
While Going back to School
May not be a very pleasant thought for most school boys, the thought of getting a new suit to start back with will certainly make a big difference, especially if that suit happens to be
Prospective Electrical Power
A Dover Suit.
Mr. R. Leger, of Campbells Bay, and Mr. P. E. Marchand, electrician of Ottawa, were in town a few days ago, seeking to interest of our citizens in thedeveloji-
Most boys look to this store for the new- —o est in styles, and cloths at right prices —o
o
some
ment of a water power for electrical purposes, which they claim could be utilized satisfactorily by the villages of Coulonge C ampbells Bay and Shawville. This power is about twenty miles from here and is located at the foot of Long Lake on Bernard Creek, where there is a magnificent head and an abundant water supply. It is claimed about 1500 h. p. can be devested at comparatively small cost in dam construction.
O
Almonte, Aug. 27.—The flannel mill, owned by William | y°urs Thoburn, ex-member of Parliament, here, burned down this
The loss will be about The tire started at 10
We are Showing the Most Beautiful Ranga
In fact the largest and best assortment we have ever shown, at prices much below their
present value
morning
$100,000.
o'clock and at noon was well under control, thanks to the hard work of the town firemen, who, in addition to operating their own hose, also used those of the Penman
Wor
It is known that the blaze start
During
• e
• e
jMwy and the Mississippi
Iron
instruments when interned.
SSlipgl IssSS&f	ilIIIPPI
put up ni (ans uudei dint n nt the rooms.	miiting. and the sooner he is shorn Edinburgh, while but thirteen years
names, or you ran buy glucose live	----_ —	10f hl« military decorations and of age. His latest honor is the high-
.t’U.'.'THdt'i	Sir Horne   huit, Judge hi-»'*'» '"e better.	, "STSSASSÏ
of sugar and 3 quarts of water to in Chief of Quebec, one of the----------------While at university he was the Con-
each 5 pounds of glucose. After most distinguished jurers in Cana- Shawville Fair	vocation Hall organist and tfiotr con-
boiling a few minutes the syrup is da died at his home in Montreal on	Iductor. ~~
ready for preserving purposes.	Monday of last week.	1 .	Sept* 10» 17, lo
Bring Your Boy in and Look Over
Glucose is Recommended
At thirteen he was an Asso-
The Canada Food Board says : If you lack sugar for preserving try glucose. Glucose oi events fermentation of fruit and crystalliza-
Our assortment. A pleasure to show them, May we have that pleasure soon ?
ARCHIE DOVER.
P. S—15 per cent, off any Boy’s Suit until School opens.
1
