###PAGE###1###
O
No. 10, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., TIIUllSDAY
AUGUST 20, 1018
«1.00 A YEAB IN ADVANCE
ESTABLISHED 1871. ~
THE HARDWARE STORE
F ires Break Out
•TA
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
and thieves break in. Don't risk the first, or invite the second, by keeping money in the house.
Put it in The Merchants Bank, where it will be safe from loss— always available—and earn interest at highest current rates.
4,750,000
Paint Bargains
i
04 Branche In Canada,
A JOINT ACCOUNT
In these days of high paint prices you do not
expect to find many bargains, but we have a genuine one to offer
8
is a decided convenience to the soldier.
Either of the joint owners may deposit or withdraw money without further formality.
3
A HEAL SNAP
House, wall and floor paints, in quarts and
half gals, being odds and ends of discontinued lines, which we have decided to clear out at
35c. to 50c. per quart
good for inside or outside use. The same quality is selling today at 85c. to $1.10.
This
THE MERCHANTS BANK
Fort Coulonge Branch Campbell* Bay Branch
I Portage du Fort Svh Office, Open Monday and Thursday I	Bristol Corners Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr R, LEGER Manager.
A H. Mulhehn, Manager,
Heed Office : Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, .
OUYON BRANCH.
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH BRISTOL BRANCH,
Established J 864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager A. A. REID, Manager " D. L. WILLSON. Manager C. E. SHAW, Manager.
is a real snap, and I expect will be
quickly picked up. If you have any painting to do act promptly.
Business notices on this pacre 8 cents per line.
For boys* suits try Murray Bros, The Tailors.
£3T Avnprior Fair and Trials ot Speed, September 16th, 17th and 18til. $1,000 in purses.
PERSONAL MENTION
The Misses Irish, of Ottawa, guests of Mrs. Howard Walsh
Mrs. Matt Wallace and children, of Ottawa, are visiting, relatives here and vicinity this week.
i	*i uu i M* * J McBride, of Ottawa, has
The work meeting of the Shaw- beep the guest of Mrs. T. Tuck, in
\ dleH. M. t lub will be heldI at town for some days, the home of Mrs. Geo Findlay this1 Thursday evening.
are
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
*¦ SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
Fo*Stenociraphehs. For the paht veer the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for compétent stenographers. On Feb. 10 every Branch or the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction is individual, find the Miss. Brown. Montreal, is the I school is open duiing the entire year;
SlumvUlo AmHnray  ..pen, iT.*	^ ".......... 11	ÎSBŸI ...
''ith fi Bill staff of competent j Miss Maye Cl tiff, of the Willis More th»jj 300 students from other local teachers on 1 ttesday next, Sept, j Business College staff, Ottawa is colleges have in the past Joined our class-
r	L NrESEEL
than two weeks distant—Sept. 16, Miss Lillian Hodgms has been hand. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell-17, 18. Time you were getting enjoying a visit with the Misses Ing. English, Correspondence, etc. your exhibits ready. Call on the ' Barnett, at Norway Bay.	I Send for circular.
Secretary and get a prize list. | Miss Fein Carkner, of Ottawa,
The Zion H. M. Club will meet ! sliding her vacation with Mr. at the home of Mrs. Graham ?n7 Mrs. P* E. Smiley at Green Thompson, Friday, Sept 6. Pro- j Lake.
gram 1The benefit of Music to j Mr. Ed. Sheffield, w ho has been the Community—by Miss F. Arm- spending his vacation in Bristol, strong ; Reading by Miss M. Park. ! has returned to his home in Pern-
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
BESSTSF5
school is open all summer.
Our
W E.Gowuxg, H. G. W, Braithwait
President
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Principal
SHAWVILLE
EXPERIENCE
Deaths
vs
MISS MARGARET HORNER.
The Equity reports with deep
Paper	on	Co-operation	between j P- E. and Mrs. Snnley.	the 10th range Claiendon, which Machinists are trained by practical
School	and	Home,	by Mrs.	Wm. Mr. H.	9. Barnett has been | occurred at the Protestant General	,loctor# hy doctors, dentists
""" i	»»	AvrasstAWsaB
------- at Norway	Hay.	for appendicitis, at the early age om-> trained by expert, experienced office
Rev. Isaac Norman, formerly I of 22 years.	workers for expert office work.
foT'The'11Anmml1'Kaiw'SI ^'^Js^Ring atoug1,'“*!M t J(Ht«w^o.T Monday^mo.Sg!	^
ups
Sept. 16, 1i, 18. ^	_	confined to her bed with nurse
,	.	, . . Jean Dodd, of Arnprior, in ntten-
Presentations. — In view of Ins dance. - Com
departure for the West this week,
Mr. El wood S. H. Workman—who
EXPERIMENT.
t
The regular meeting of Austin H. M. Club will be held at the
Mr. Archie Richardson, of Ot-
Velveteen
For Fall Suiting in Black, Navy
Matolet, Seal Brown, Tobac Brown, Copenhagen, Cardinal, Myrtle Green and Ivory. No better value will be shown Suit or Dress material.
School Fairs
in
Price only 75c. per yard
i
Corsets
Brown Optical"
The obsequies were withheld
till Sunday afternoon, to enable
relatives residing in the West to
w ™ cv. .	, be present. The funeral then took
Mr. Chas Fitzsimmons of Ottawa, place at 230 p. in. to Norman
has been employed on the print- j ^ ^	towelling stock tor Methodist Church, of which the
ing staff of tills paper for the past Î ,,	' national Land and Lum- deceased was a member. The
twelve years-was presented with	u Wlie A,lti large very attendance present bore
a nice kodak by members of the	to Shaw ville for a abort testimony to the widespread syni-
Methodist congregation and choir, vi^ir last week.	pathy felt for the family in this
to which latter organization he Mr. ( . A. L. Tucker, aceom- the third visitation which had rendered appreciable service Ponied by his son Georgie, Miss H.	come upon them in a compa.iative-
for several years. The » presen ta- Reid and Dr. and Mrs Fraser,	ly short time, and also to the high
lion took place at the home of Mr. motored to Westmeath Saturday	regard and esteem in which tne
i. John R. McDowell, 7th evening, and encountered a very	deceased
Thursday evening last and heavy rain storm by the way. knew her
was attended by quite a large Round for the West by Tues-LuT,o ser.vice	condnctr1 >>y for SALE.-Single buggy with top
number ot the church and choir dnv mornings train hp«idpe* time*.	the tley' l9aAC Norman, a former	cutter. 2 robes,	single	harness and	horse
members, and also other friends mentioned in another item were	P^tor of the church w hich bears	Apply to R. XV.	Hudgins, Shawvilie
and well-wishers of the' young Mr. and Mn. George Cuthb^rtnon name wh"	most touch-----------------------
p- rw2	jsfatzsnss&m
edasaxtep which should accrue 8th line.	sive address.	Apply tflfl McLaren St., Ottawa. Phone
to Ins advantage in that region of i ».	, y w f.	, f , | Eight young lady associates of the Queen 4383
IISpMI pii?i
were served during the evening, pcararice does not indicate that he	MRS. jambs harrjson	227 Coumol St., Montreal, Que
which was pleasantly spent in the	18 enduring many	hardship* in his	At North Ray on August 18th
customary social manner, the host	present situation.	XV llliam looks	Eliaa Cole, relict of the late James
and hostess doing all they could wel1-	v Harrison, after an extended ill-lA. .	..	.
to make their guests feel happy	Messrs. El wood	Workman and	nees, which culminated in paraly-	! .the last of her family	to pass a way,
by the warmth of their welcome.	Irvine Hamilton,	left here #Tues-	sis. The deceased was in the 86th	^ survived	by three sons	and	one
I day morning en route for the year of her age.. She was a for- "al!g „/!.. namely* George and Quite a host of young people, in- West. El wood goes to Lemberg, mer resident of Thorne township, I am' , /l(lm* 1°JI	, îlv ;
eluding' most of the members of Sask., to take charge oi a printing | but for the past 14 years she hail	ù l ( ampbells Hay and Mrs.
the Methodist S. School, of which Pknfc, which his brother in-law | made her home in North Bay. | ,lu*“ Kltchle* ot North Bay.______________
he is librarian, assembled at the ! A. McDowell, has recently ac- The remains were brought by home of Mrs Alfred Draper ou qui red. Irvine is going to Blaine the deceased s sou William to I
Monday evening, to give Mr. Ir- ^ to engage m harvesting. Campbells Bay on the 15th, and Word reached Shawvilie on vine Hamilton the liencfit of a wish the lx>ys everjrsuccess. the limerai took place from the Monday morning, of the death of good social time and also to pre- The Equity had a call Satur- home of another son, Mr. Sum Mr. John Lunam, on Sunday night sent him with a-kodak, before his day from Mr. William Harrison, Harrison, on Saturday the 17th, to following an illness from pleurisy departure for the West U lie lad- ot the C. I\ R. workshops, at the old Otter Lake cemetery, and pneumonia. The late Mr. ies served ice cream and cake, and Noith Bay. Mr. Harrison’s visit where other members of the family Lunam resided about two miles music and games were enjoyed to his old home neighborhood was are buried. The Rev. Mr. Strow- east of Campbells Bay, and was JK nearly midnight, when the occasioned by the death of his bridge conducted the funeral ser- one of the most successful farmers gathering accorded Irvine the cue- mother, whose remains he brought vice in St. James’ Church, at of that section. His wife and a tomary ‘ bon voyage and then to Campbells Bay for interment at which there was a large at ten- large family survive, also five dispersed.	i Otter Lake.	j dance.	-	| brothers and one sister.
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
We sell the famous D. & A. Corset. Our new Fall stock has just arrived and we have a complete range of styles.
—Priced from 75c. to $3.00 pair
552 St. Catherine West
has
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
was held by all who
and Mrs line, on
Hose..
For this week we offer an extra
good Cashmere Hose (sizes 8£ to 10) at 75c per pair. This is a line that is worth at least $1.00 on the present market.
7-2
Underskirts
the
Ladies’ Black Sateen Underskirts — 3 dozen left in stock — worth around $1.00.
Wfl
!
The late Mrs. Harrison, who w as
Our price to clear 75c. each

MR. JOHN LUNAM
W. A. HODGINS
till
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551


###PAGE###2###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
DAUGHTER CHOOSES THE FARM
tumeJ abc Teac/ury uJ thadthe/ic
u no economy in luyiny the cheapest yoodi notthe fancy lùyli pbùced orveA clieaAc depending on the éotid volute of the yood standard lïandi —the Stands that ukAc yoodin peace, term and lave doully ptoved thei/i xvod/i
In iooA time.
<Aled C/iode lea - coiUny today only alout % of a cent peA cup — i& of the Solid wail time valaei that anyone cun affoïd-artd that
evekueme will en/ou.
Jt a Pudy a waJitimetea.
By Andrew K Currter, àî.D.
1 m¥MW.MÊ§Ëm
tt West. Toronto.
By Katharine Henry
If yoar
to the farm
If you can make farm life attrac- cau.se for discontent live to your daughter she will love her daughter, home but she cannot live on nothing The fact that you provide your but hard work. On some farms the family with ample food, clothing and work is never done. The working shelter does not meet the problem, day begins at four o'clock in the morn- An old darkey who was much poorer ing and ends at eight in the evening after the Civil War than when he was and if the sun set later, the work under the protection of hia master, ex-would keep on longer	plained his hupp by sa;	l iea
Tiye, in one sense the work la air t^tos good*	,
never done; one can always And an- Your daughter would rather have other weed to pick, another plant to ten dollars to spend just as she
rather than let the farm drive him some of ,t foolishly; so do you. How and his children. Every one on the ; '» she to learn to use money
£¦•ssS
periods of fun to make up for the to hlm but I held on to it.
(tard work.	Let me lt!
see It!
• Said, "Well, look, there it is.''
He looked me squarely in the face and said. "I want to see it in my own hand."
Xnaemia	! Buffering from tuberculosis, cancer,
All of the.se symptom» mean not only that the blood 1» insufficient, poor and deficient in the substances or which build up the body, but that the
EEHEEE
form their task, that the lungs do not contract vigorously enough to supply the blood with the proper amount of oxygen, and consequently that the brain is unable to respond to the usual demands by which thought is created.
An anaemic person under any cir cumstances is therefore more or less disqualified from doing work and in many cases he is entirely helpless.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
X.—Please tell me how I can got
siderable portion of the normal sup ply of the bodv, consequently he or
she is anaemic.
It a man cuts his throat o r ruptures a blood-vessel in him brain,
i f she
i
i
* loss of blood that he dies,
is essential to ltfe.
It used to be thought that because the blood carried humors and diseases over the body, it was a good plan to occasionally draw some of it off, and bleeding for hundreds of years fashionable practice for almost every kind of ailment.
Sometimes it worked well and people were relieved by it, but very often it was mischievous and a person who had been bled several times in the of a disease became so anaemic
He kept Let me
one
Probably her work could be made much easier by the use of labor-saving machinery, especially in the house.
You do not use the sickle or the grain
cr.dle your grandfather used. You YmJr ^ughter want, some money have bought two or three unproved..^ ^ ^ ^ reapers sinec his day; but are your Qf wha( beneflt it to her « you w.fe and daughter still washing with hay# >n immen,e farm and
the old-fashioned wash-board m the thougantl d^,ayg bank ,f she has
heavy wooden tubs that gnsndmother. ^ fly# centa te u8e a, „h„ ple„e,» ha.l and are they still cooking over Mghe w|„ gome day ^herlt a nice the same style of stove she used. auœ .. y es-but she needs some of If your daughter has been forturv! now. ate enough to attend or even ’to visit Try to keep the way open between a school where the home-making arts, bcr	yours. Try to see her
are taught, she will not be satisfied si<je ^ ^ When you sell a tract of to use the awkward, heavy, worn-out timber for two thousand dollars what tools of her grandmother’s day. ! does she get out of it? Or if you do A running stream on the farm will things on a smaller scale, when you supply power for an electric plant at sell the cow she helped to raise or the great expense a ad save the mother turkeys she fed all summer, does her and daughter hours and hours of work get recognition? Does she feel * was once vailed upon to ptan the, hard work. An electric washer, ele- that she has been recompensed? [landscape gardening around a mi
I^^hTnew sZJrm^^^S |	and S tha”yÏT'cannot tion he made was that 1^ must make	Weather Tight SMn.
ern oil stove, will not cost ss much .afford some of the things I have	men-	U!« °/wthe nat.vew,Id shrubs.	Nor	The .ill for a frame house should	th- proper quantlty of coloring ma
as one large piece of farm machinery tioned. Then give her the things	h,s a difficult restriction.	The	be set in mortar on the foundation	teHal ^ haemoglobin which con-	and cure for vancose vems.
and they will make life a different you can afford. There are a	thou-	lately elder, the sweet brier,	the	wall to prevent the cold air from chill-	tain„ ,ron ind oxygen; iron and oxy.	Answer--They are due	to	the pres-
thing for your homemakers.	sand little pleasures you can	give	mode* wild row, the unaasummg	ing the floors. U that ls not done	^ therefore are essential to the	sure of the blood current	m	the vein.
mm	mmmm ihp mm
*Sr*r*i :	z=rasrtw:
It would not cost much to keep a The night must put her hiding hand Moslems Droro “rIy aprmgu"[ la*® opening under the sill is the whole- xvas passlng t.^rough ^	^ her embroidery, closed the magazine
*rice little saddle horse for your O’er peaceful towns where children	W*,le	n , T	trouble	I dosed; th\ W0 .W?T “ Q^^ly and picked up a paper at his
daughter’s use (it could he used for	sleep,	of trees ab( shrubs on laige grounds a little foresight at that place when wind°w seat cont nued thur	elbow, Aunt Matilda was forgotten.
light work too) and I can think of no And peaceful ships that darkly creep requ,™s	servlcf* °/ a aîîd^*f* you build will avoid serious annoyance S101? of. the slRttrs wh?sa	! “Eleanor,” he presently demanded.
other one thing that would go so far Across the waves, as if they were expert’ a	simpie hlnts w,'n serve in the future.	each other waa ,n no wise fnendly' , 1 "did you know that it was estimated
toward keeping her happy and cun-	not free.	t0 Prevent the inexperienced person	------* — —.	Why is this “feeling^ so often ob that about seven hundred million dol-
tented with her life on the farm.	from making serious mistakes. Plant	Good Advice.	served between members of the same |ars* WOrth of material is wasted in
There are so many beautiful and The dragons of the air,	!n	^	,,	shrubs in Robert Louis Stevenson .was once family? A certain man who for this country In a single year?”
interesting things for a girl to enjoy! The hellhounds of the deep,	I, and »	ones	called upon to address a Sunday; three years has worked night and day ; "No, father, I didn’t” replied the
in the country—skating, driving, the Lurking and prowling everywhere.	Leave Plenty or o >en space, wnicn is	gch^ol cjaSa of	girls. He told	inventing an electrical labor saving.	young woman, about whose	lips there
sunsets, the wild flowers and animals, Qo	forth to seek their helpless prey,,	gf norai;y, made ^ * ,aWn* ,	them the parable	of the talents, and	machine meets a friend and pour*	^rked only the suspicion of a smile,
the birds, the farmyard pets—but if Not knowing whom they maim or|straight ,9	, exav* symmetrical	W€nt Qn to say that there were forth, perhaps in more or less tech- she was not aware of this startling
she is in treadmill, all heart is work- j	slay—	arrangement, unless >ou uesire a three tajenta everyone possessed and nival terms, his faith in the work to state 0f affairs and, after five mi-
ed out of her and she is too tired to Mad harvesters, who care not what fon?\a , e.ffec^	13 Jenera,ly ought to make use of: “Tangues that which he is devoting his life.. He nutes, could not have told whether the
enjoy the wonderful beauties sur-	they reap.	: avoided m beautuying the Home tbey must yge t0 cbeer anc| make passes on, comparing his attentive, country wasted millions or billions of
rounding her. It is a small matter	grounds.	’	happy all around them; faces that sympathetic friend with his brother, dollars. But she loved her father
to bring home a pair of skates for Qut with the tranquil lights,	.Ve v.1*^8 P^/usciy when ver pus they must keep bright as new shill- who sometimes leaves the room with a and admired him for his knowledge of
Annie’s birthday or to pick up a new; 0ut with the lights that burn 1 slb!*’ s®IcvtmK those which are hardy	g0 that thçy might ghine ljke frown when he tries to talk about the many subjects that inferested her not
book for her but how often do you do For ]ove and law and human rights! a"d not 1?mo1U9ly a»ected oy pests.	in their homes; and hands that subject nearest his heart. The pol- at all. She knew that her.father
it?	Set	back the clock a thousand years;	. N appies a so o o <i - • •1 e!fry*	must be kept employed in useful work	itely attentive friend probably e ugh	ioved her and that he was	proud of
I know one farmer’s daughter who, A11	they have gained now disappears,	, selecting trees von«iuer rne marier	cheerfuI,y done.”	Very good advice	tells the first man he meets that he	her work, which others	admired.
in spite of many obstacles, became a And the dark ages suddenly return. htt<;r and f she<;dir8:	leaves. .fi	war days for *n 0f U9, what- has wasted ten minutes that morning. There was not the slightest “feeling”
stenographer. Her birthday falls dur	borne trees, such as horse chestnuts,	^er our age or 8eXi	listening to Brown “rave over that	between them.
ing her summer vacation but she nev-	Kaiser	who	loosed	wild death,	af? beautiful, a - t v many iesir	-^- crazy notion of his”; and that very	A broad-minded person can	live
er spends it at home. For weeks	And	terror	in	the night—	a*’,e qda*ltl.C9’ but. th^ now.ers ,1<r7?	A Frenchman has invented	an effec-	day Brown’s brother whirls round in	peaceably with anyone—even	the
before her twenty-first birthday she Qod grant you draw no quiet breath, Ithey . . ltter th?	aaa wlUi tive silencer for aeroplane motors his office chair and confides to his members of his own family
planned for a bit of leisure and a lit- Until the madness you began	cause stains on clothing that are that is said to reduce the power but 2 partner: "I don’t know one thing	__.
tie pleasure on that one day; but herj Is ended, and long suffering man,	difflcult ft0	" ïüS per ^	about electricity,-the subject gets on	" . , + "	,
father chose that date for beginning get free from war jordSi cries,	many mteresu.ng ar.d vaaiab.i^ point#| Current in a new electric iron is my nerves,—but 1 have faith in John.	Th*y pooi Themselves
work on the new shed and she spent «Let there be lights.”	'	about nursery stock may bti learned i controlled by a button on the handle, WhenJie needs more cash he can call some people think Uiey are never
Henry Van Dyke from >0°ks an< . thc PamPh‘*ts <?f( which shfits it off automatically when	on me. Some day there will be one	talked about because they never h»ar
nursery companies, observation is	the implement is idle.	member of our family to be proud!	it
equally important. Consider the ulti-	_________ ______________i*	I
mate size of the trees which ÿou1
Oaks, elms, and other large
was
l
ten

urse
that he was practically or actually rid of a very troublesome corn. Have killed by the treatment he had receiv- j used various means of removing it, *d.	but it has always	returned. Do you
A vigorous	sugar	maple	may	lose	a	think it would be	dangerous to have
portion of Its *a% every spring, it is the doctor cut it out?
evidence of the prodigality of	Answer—In matters like this, at
nature in supplying the means which least two courses are possible. You are concerned with life, but let a tree can use a felt corn plaster which pro that is sickly or poor or withered, tects the toe from the shoe anÜ frelose a similar	quantity	of	sap	and	It	quently is all that	is necessary, or you
will promptly	die.	can have the corn	removed by a com-
A person who has plenty of blood j petent chiropodist. Of course, it may be anaemic from the poverty of, will come back again, as long as you its quality, especially when it lacks continue to wear shoes.
Reader -Please tell me the course
9
J. H Estabrooks Co.
LIMITED
dtea
tBA»^
Celeery
ùuiAtlita r'otxi Control License No,
one
•U
!
may be the means of attracting congenial people and making friends.— : Mrs. J. L. Nesbitt.
Yards of Beauty
no
i
*
\
*




her birthday over the kitchen stove, cooking for the carpenters wonder she vowed then and there that before another birthday she would
leave the farm ?	j Scarcely anything is more tantaliz- plant
There may be a County Young Wo- ing than trying to remove a nut from trees should not be planted near the men’s Christian Association in ' your a bolt that turns in its socket. The house, as in time they will shut out CUT OUT AND FOlt ON DOTTO UNIS district. Encourage your daughters following method will almost always too much light, unless pruned heavily, to join and help the cause all you can. overcome this difficulty and enable which will destroy their beauty.
They will seek associates somewhere, the nut to be screwed off with com- The improvement of one’s home Help them to find worthy and elevat-1 parative ease:	With a cold chisel grounds is usually as contagious as
ing companions. If you can get in make an incision in the head of the idle gossip, once it is well under way. touch with the public library of your bolt similar to that found in the heads It is much more interesting and nearest city or secure a travelling It 1 of screws. Often the chisel incision | worthy of respect brary from your state library com ** sufficient to enable the screwdriver exterior of my own home does not mission you can have a supply of ex- to get a good grip; sometimes, how- belong to me alone. I have a moral relient books at very little cost. Read ' ever, it may be necessary to deepen responsibility to add to the attractive-some of them yourself and discuss the incision with a file. Frequently ness of the neighborhood in which I them with your children. This makes the chisel itself answers very well live, and therefore my grounds in conversation worth while, at table, 'on | for a screwdriver. Thus gripped it part at least belong to the owner of the road or at such tedious work as I» * comparatively easy matter to every eye that gazes upon it.
weeding or corn husking.	! start the stubborn nut.	architecture of the house, the decora- i	/	•	.	II
If you have not already done so, ! Saturating the threads of the nut tion of the grounds, the walks, fences, » WaR AiftMrrJr Vfmcf read, in the life of Harriet Beecher	with kerosene a few minutes before	and general	surroundings	are each (	TAdPTA LON C _THL fENCC.
Stowe, how her father, Lyman	Beech-	attempting to unscrew it, often makes	man’s contribution to his community.	WLl HAVt t	WAIÇH tht olrlflLn.
er turned drudgery into fun by his the attempt easier, for the kerosene It is one way in which we can give -----------------—--me	------
stories wit and conversation.	At one	penetrates quickly to the mated re-	pleasure and	enjoyment to	other peo-t	U/HItt FIDCf5	5PfAKIMC fOR HO LUNCH
time when the family spent	a long ! cesses of the nut and softens the rust	pie.	.	JHf'll MEAlTlK POOR DOG j PINNER -
evening preparing apples for their quite perceptibly.	Whether the house is a log cabin er
winter's supply of "cider apple-! If for any reason it is not advisable a mansion, it is, af* sauce" Mr. Beecher and his boys (of to indent the nut head with a cold place of love and adoration whom Henry Ward Beecher was one) chisel, opposite sides of the head may should be the most restful place on vied with each other to see who could be filed away slightly so as to enable earth. To make it so costs mostly tell the mont about a given book, Ivan-1 the wrench or vise to gat a flat grip, thought and play. The tenant s prohoe or some other standard book. Mr. With a sharp file it is only a moment’s blem is somewhat different, but a Beecher turned into a game even the task to Ale away the small bit requir- few seeds will make a profusion of
ed to do this. The writer has removed pretty plants some of which may pos-very stubborn bolts by both of these sibly be moved
methods, and can recommend them as ness even of a tenant's home is not a great savers of temper and time.	quality that easily dies. I have ob-
served that landowners ; desire • the B| China imports great quantities of neat and efficient tenant. Plants and UpM horsesroes and converts the metal flowers about the house show ideals Mnto knife blades.	I that go with character. A pretty yard ILL-
Do you
*
i
Removing a Stubborn Nut
Now. this brother doe. not weary ..f haye ,oarned that mistake, car.
s Mg : srisaajssisr. tt
ers; why should John be offended be-, ^ joy that an ambition re cause the merchant cannot patiently : a|jzrd ,g not	pleasursble, that
l.sten to hi. "ravings Î Member, of ; a <lisapp0]ntmtnt is often of Iteelf » ? « f«">ly ». individuals, b*Te "ghts ^ incentive to try a gain. "-Arthur f :that are t0° often overlooked.	; Christopher Benson.
A theological student produced sev- _ eral of hi* sermons one morning and began to read them to an admiring father and mother, and to a married brother who was supposed to be filled with admiration. As he turned page after page he notice# that his brother was nodding and grimacing to the infant that lay gurgling in his arms.
At last he could stand it no longer.
FUNNY FOLD-UPS

I feel that the
WOOL
* 0T *
Farmers who ship their wool direct to us get better prices then farmers who eell to the general store.
ASK
who ¦(¦¦¦¦¦I ways, end note what he mays -or, better etilK write ue for our price# ; they will show you h much you lose by selling to the
•HII
i
ANY
I e >ld
FARMER!
his wool both
"I care no more about your- baby than you do about my sermons!” he cried hotly as he left the room.
That young man had neve, held a baby in his arms and did not know the overpowering sensation it give especially when the baby is your own. The young father, an accountant, had never risen to the heights to which a man ascends when he reads the words he has written for the help and betterment of mankind enough for "feeling” to arise; until both learn tolerance, it will not subside.

General Store.
W# p«y the highest prices of any Urns
SSESfeSsST

all, a home, a

It
It was easy

H. V. ANDREWS
13 CHURCH ST* TORONTO
Î
%
hard task of chopping and storing the great pile of wood each autumn. Then when the last piece of wood was stored an# the last chip cleared away ha declared a hoUday and took every one in the big wagon for a Ashing
But the attractive
An ideal situation exists in a family j in which the daughter is a writer of | pleasant short stories. Her unimagina-i tive father revels in facts but cares I nothing for fiction ! as his duty, how daughter’s stories
SMOKE TUCHETT
ORINOCO
• it
He considers it r, to read his One night his

CUT COAR‘
P i


question of money is often a
###PAGE###3###
W ^ ' ¦

Should aif
coffee are then aerved. officer not desire to take dessert he signifies this by crossing his knife and fork on his dessert plate or finger-bowl.
I had a pussling experience at dinner the other Ighl,|||||||||||||||||||||||||||i|||||||||||||||||||
• WRITTEN touched uiy glass with my fork. As
the tumbler resounded, three voices spontaneously called out "Hun!". I asked what it meant, and found that when a tumbler rings, according to the belief of sailors, some misfortune
MANNERS AT
Curfew Bells Silenced In England.
The curfew tolls throughout England have bedh the subject of much prose and poetry. One of the best bits of verse inspired by the night bells of war reads:
No curfew toll# the knell of day;
Night silences all bells.
When dark descends no belfry tells The hours, no * Venlte" swells To summon those who pray.
For devils from ten thousand bells Walt to be guided by the bells.
In alienee still the hours steal by. Wrapped In a hushing mystery.




EATS
DIRT
*¦

NAVAL MESS

4
:

1 accidentally

MADE IN CANADA

t/
INEXORABLE^..LAWS,
AND UNWRITTEN





Despite the War, There le Little Change In Naval Dining Customs on British Warships.



%
3
TTa
is nigh.
"Every time somebody made the glass sing on the ship 1 used to com*
Nothing pu ess les a new-comer ho mand,*' an officer told me, a seaman
of the senior sure enough fell overboard." That was

EM






much as the customs IVM.I	¦	-m
Service. There are laws, written and why they called out “Hun!" In doing unwritten, which are lnevorable. Woe so they wore transferring the bad luck • betide the culprit who Innocently to our enemies!_ Usually somebody breaks any of them! The etiquette ! calls out "Save a poor sailor!” and the of a military mess Is not In the least ringing of the glass, plate or bowl, Is the same as that around which a naval , at once stopped by placing a finger
on It
The tint thine n colonel who came | Nowaday* »o many novice* abound aboard my .hip the other day aaked In the Navy that many o the eld and me warn whether he was auppo.ed to : revered custom* are telling Into destay all through the dinner, as he had j «y. If they are not actually tabom to get away early, aay. a naval officer. The ' pukka saUur regrets th » and I. I told him what he might do in that i Inclined to lo<* forward to the time connection, and Incidentally mention- : when the old custom, will come Into ed a few other custom*, at which he their own again. Speaking a* one of wa. amaied. I told him. for Instance. j the novice*, however, let me say that
would ». ..	».	1 -- IZZ	o?’b. “*u“ »!•
Home day, who knows, the sound of chimes
Again will ring adow'i the gloom
And deeper tones from 'Minster's boom
Where guns sound In these stricken a Jar containing gold coins to the times,	value of about 1* 400 has been dug up
Some day, from every church and j by a laborer named Albert Hill, who tower
SSE®
the Germans
ARE SINKING
Laborer Digs Up Buried Treasure.
IRISH SHIPS

officers’ mess Is conducted
vMUROERlHO
* Irishmen
Join Os s Avence
; These crimes
i
! engaged in excavating work at Elina,
The earliest dale on
4
The bells will pour a molten shower j Lincolnshire Of glorious chords not hour by hour, the coins, which include spade guln-But in one vast God-thanking rain,
That righteous peace has triumph'd tt result of the find a treasure inquiry again

eas, was 1734, and the latest 1828. As
was held at Alford, and the jury derided that the coins were treasure


GIRLS!. WHITEN SKIN
Hill, who is 63 years of age,
trove.
has a wife and 17 children, and it te hoped that he will be amply rewarded.
WITH LEMON JUICE
m

King’s health had been drunk, it would kept up out of sheer dev^ry. never clu to make a wager or leaye the table without the express permission of the president.
Make a beauty lotion for a few cents to remove tan, freckles, eallownese.

MlnaM’a Liniment Corea Diphtheria.
Cyclamens from seed sown last au* turnn require six inch pots for bloom* ing. Old plants should be kept out* side and not permitted to dry out. When they start new growth repot and stand in a cold frame.
Wmk


Your grocer has the lemons and any drug store or toilet counter will supply you with three ounces of orchard white for a few cents. Squeeze the Juice of two fresh lemons into a bot-
the party, scattering the man in all 'fortunes; there was no opportunity to J	thcn £utJ?.the °rchard	and
E;	EH2H B1H ! LeHa
was reassured by a smiling create a big organization out of which Massage tins fragrant, creamy o in
humble fashion.	harmless
will surprise you.


Irish Avengers—Recruits for the British navy who volunteered as the result of the circulation of this poster throughout Ireland.
Drastic Treatment.
• For Instance, If a man happened to ! so far forget himself as to take from a dish passed to him by a fellow-officer, Instead of taking the dish first from the officer, he Is said to be "doing a Marino/' and the penalty for

Drinking Toasts In Water.
My friend the colonel was much surprised to find that a dinner In a naval
SillS:W35S55SS
irr’i'r ;:„r, r. z,	%%.
a ra z; r-"»r ssssam yss -
upon the dozens of orderlies general- normal times would be considered ly Marine, who have been waiting » ^ave "reach of etiquette^ In large
first, and the vice-president next. j late-comers.	.	.	# Described By a Correspondent of the T CORNS LIFT OUT
Officers nowadays are rationed, but	^t niade on Saturday	British Army	T	1 war had a large continental business
there Is. comparatively speaking, .	After the King's health “Jerusalem, says a correspondent f	WITH FINGERS Ï connection. "This war must have hit
plenty, and three courses are the mini- .	,	, k the wine ig onee of the British Army, is still, as the è	f you very hard." he said. ' Verra . cents WANTED—$1.000. you
Ml- to!,,. mao».., too.	,___ U« winning of p.r„ of the J.ff. P“”>	* ““'f'	Q«m.o.."
¦ssss =%=	france sLSLTs sjsfs0“d
A„:rz r: ir±ss “Hi fsss.’ft: srsi sbj3.» » —’
madelra, port, .berry, mareala. The	camped. But there Is a striking
president starts the ball rolling, llret Why an anti aircraft gun is Archl- ch e jn the character of the place by methodically removing the stopper , bald, " or, In familiar diminutive, ^ the ,e that throng its narrow of each bottlq and laying them In or- j "Archie," 1. one of the minor myste-	The clty within the walls 1.
der side by side. Then he slide, the rlea of the great war A kindred pus- » religious preserve, screened off
WmÈËmmmm
the last ship I was in practically j Physically, they are of^a far finer everybody drank the toast In wine; on type of Chinese than we commonly en-my present ship hardly anybody does, counter In Canada:	lithe, quick, sup-
\Vhen the bottles, having gone the pie and tall -often wejl over six feet— round, reach the president again ho and enormously strong, helps himself, and, having carefully splendid workers; In loading a train replaced the stopper», lifts his glass | with heavy army blankets done up In
sausage rolls, they easily did one hundred and twenty to every ninety achieved by European workers, and at

______FO» BA1B__________
EEK1.T NEWSPAPER FOR A Al.» le New Ontario. Owner going te W1U eel I $1 000. Worth double Apply J. H,. e/o Wileoa Limited. Toronto.
w
Franc* that amount Publishing
ran up
coolie, stripped of everything except a shoe and a few rags by the explosion and clasping a wounded hand.
“All lite!" said “Cuthbert” cheerily. Clo' gone, cwhee gone, HT finger gone- nem min’. Lottee mooslc. All lite ”
LLL EQUIPPED NEWtiPAPEA and Job printing plant in Eastern Ontarlu. Insurance carried Si.600. Will go for 11.200 on quick sale. Box 6». Wilson Publishing Co.. Ltd.. Toronto.
Yes! It is and the beautiful results
EDIQ REED NEWFOUNDLAND Puppies, that noble breed now nearly extinct. We have some very ones. R. A. Gillespie, Abbotsford. Que.
P
o
*n‘3
The Canny Scot.
A man called one day on a friend-- J*
a Scottish merchant—who before the at maturity
kl-ek Hill. Ontario
1
EDIQKEED BLACK SIBERIA Fur Hares weighing fifteen poun.l
Charles Reas beck. Van*

MISCELLANEOUS__________
/S ANGER. TUMORS. LUMR8. ETC. vy internal and external, cured with* pain by our home treatment Write us before too late Dr. Bellman Medical Co. Limited. Colllngwood Ont
,
¦
eut
naard'i LI
«il
are
No Self-Starter.
The energetic automobile salesman had just delivered the fair customer her new car, and everything was lovely. He had scarcely entered the office, however, when he received a telephone call. She said:
“I thought you told me this car was a self-starter.”
“So It Is.”
“Nothing of the sort, push a button to make It go.”
§moki Tiinîr t ts
This new way to rid one's feet of corns was Introduced by a Cincinnati man, who says that freezone dries in moment, and simply shrivels up the or callus without irritating the
OR! NOCO
fcfUrj.FJfVfc ;FOR,C<OAWETWS
a
corn
surrounding skin.
Don't let father die of infection or lockjaw from whittling at his corns, but clip this out and make him try It
If your druggist hasn’t any freezone tell him to order a small bottle from his wholesale drug house for you.
9
i

I


I have to
lies had their
the various religious 1 abode.
Along the Jaffre road tea-pots invite our soldiers with signboards in strange English to partake of tea,
cakes and sweets. Just outside the Are prefCPPe(j to White Ones by the
£££211323 SrUl
of e division that boasts professional Dentists are learning that the wild- of dust, and the car rushed on. leav-talent from the neighborhood of eniess Is full of opportunities for wide lng the old gentleman sprawling In the Drury Lane in one of its battalions, and lucrative practice.	roadway. He picked himself up and
and a kinematograph booth, which "Black teeth for human wear are in dashed up to a policeman, yelling ex-before the war had a precarious ex- growing demand," said a dealer In den- cltedly:
istence has now a nightly crowd of tal supplies. "In some parts of the "That motor car knocked me down.
'	1 world they represent all that the un- The policeman took out a business-
enlightened masses know about the like notebook and said:	HM
“Did you notice the number, sir

MONEY ORDERS.
When ordering goods by mall send a Dominion Express Money Order
BLACK TEETH POPULAR.
WHITE SHOE DRESSING
mmm*
tind Children sSfioes
They are
Getting HI# Number.
and looks towards his vice.
Quaint Superstitions.
mrnmm-
; *rrrxz % a	:**	» tukket trrisrL......,
1	were wont to do under the head of a an idyllic picture of trade conditions ; .	nredUnction of half civilized I The effect of which was almost magi- for special instmctiom and Book 5R
In Asia Minor as they existed a cen- ^^/t!lrlng hl:ck te^. Z cal. Two bottles completely cured	w
PhilioDlne Islands and me and I have worked every working «,*,**—ooijr • few drop# rrqutwd hm wheadon. nw
1 ^ '	1	SI 2$ per boni* U deel-n or delivered.
W. r. YOUNG. P. 0. F., ill L juu Hég., Montres!, Ce*
E

f »»
ABSORBINE
TRADE MARK HfG.VSPAT Cf F
Reduces Strained. IVfy Ankles# Lymphangitis. Poll Evil, Fistulsi Boils. Swellings; Slops Lsmeneal and allays pain. Heals Sores, CutsJ
Bruise», Boot Chafes. It Is a
SAFE ANTISEPTIC AND GERMICIDE
*»

3
free;
kind, re
deep-voiced chantey man.
One song	nicknamed Tommy,
says an Kngllsh correspondent, le one With regard to the simple ways of	other islands of the Paciflc, In, | day since,
of the cheeriest and ugliest men im- Anatolian trade, he says, I give one ^ tbe 8outh Sea ielanda- are
aginable. "The other day he tumbled	example:	An English friend, an ex-	addlcted t0 the fad of black teeth,
off a roof on to a pile of timber.	We	perlenced and successful business man	they prefer to wear. Some-
£3? ££¦*£ as z rj nsr A t <x	i —5».	,
nlng down his cheeks when we picked visit to Trebizond more than sixty herbg and berrleB aa^bie for the pur- wlth tw0 rery naughty lltlle boye’ J
him up. A passing doctor looked him years ago. Until a few years before	But for the most part natives Johnnyî	H
over and reported. ‘No bone* broken. he was there, and within the exper-	afford t„ d„ ,0 haTe a„ thelr Johnny-Yes.	I
but very badly wrenched and bruised.’ ience of many of business associates,	, , th eltracted by a dentist	Aunt—You do? I’m surprised. Why H
When the verdidt was translated to the custom had been that goods for	, getg Qf b|ack onee Bubstltuted don’t you play with good little boys?
Tommy, be smile* and said:	sale In Central Asia were intrusted to	..Hence tht. great quantity of black	Johnny	—	Because their mothers »
"Me reste, two day, then	me	native traders, who went in charge of	teeth manufactUred for export and the 1 won t	let	them‘	"
workee.	caravans of camels laden with mer-J lncreaa|ng number of dentists In the
"It t -k much longer than that, but chandise. A trading journey lasted	¦
was ready earlier than the from a year to eighteen months. On
their return these native traders en- *1**?*.. uniment has two other marked Ured Trebizond early in the morning music: drees and like
On his off
A
'4
j


Yours gratefully,
JOHN WALSH.
6
IBS TV
PAIN ”1
xterminalor 1
\

Hie Choice Limited.
%

ren
The Good Old Family Friend
e

For ever 40 jeers Him * Palfi Istermlnswi has bero Ukiwg tbe p»ln eel el ib«o»*tism lumbago, law* beck. #**'*::»# •**•••• looihat br end *lmil*f bonk, reed ike dlreciioei on ike riveala*
In lb* M(ket*
' the
cened drink
f

vor
„ Minard'i Liniment Cure» Cold». Z:n
tropical wilds ef southern countries.
plums Bay ¦

the spl flesh."
. “Cuthb tastes bet
most Oriei is-r-gaming. days he becomes elaborate In his attire and employs a whole bottery of toilet accessories in getting himself up. Singing Is popular as a recreation as well as an accompaniment to toll, but he Is also Immensely fond of ! phonographs. Sometimes they render classics, sometimes the records are Chinese; and the frequent transition from nerve trying sounds to the voice of some great prima donna Is startling indeed.
During one such period of enjoyment a group of Chinese, dressed hi their best, were playing fan-tan and listening to a favorite record when an Inopportune shell abruptly dispersed
» R.'ues, chrysanthemums, tomatoes __	and many other flower and vegetable
mmmwmmwm
ness a bag containing the money that they owed him; and when the chant arose he found the money waiting on his doorstep. Everyone was satisfied; there were no contracts, no accounts, only a reasonable profit Most remarkable of all, there never any theft of money from the doors until Maltese immigrants, who began to settle in Trebizond, Introduced European "civilization ”
. - s
'.. *
POSTUM
At dealer*, or write u»
HIRST REMEDY COMPANY
Hsmiltoo. Camada

IIIIVI PaeUlj •*!»*. «0c>. RIUT'S Pe<*oi.l SyrepolHor*
And lfs fine for them too, for It
beeed end lle<«*i>*ee. (l>el BOTTLE
contains nothing harmful--only « he
goodness of wheat and pure molasses.
t



PoSTUM Is now regularly used In place of tea and coffee

Myrtie Cut


i
t
in
many of the best of families.™

h
Wholesome economical and healthful.
4
a
X
u
ISSUE No. S4—TS


###PAGE###4###
I
ness by unsparing use of economic pressure until she has given convincing manifestations of sanity and a clean spirit. \a'\ no selfish pun>oae or divergence of interest impede united action to this end. An assassin state must Ik* barred from the society of decent commonwealths until they are convinced of its sincere regientance.
“ As one of the free nations of the Britannic commonwealth, Canada undertook her part in this war of her own free will by the voice of her parliament and under a compelling realization of her duty to that commonwealth and to humanity. She tights with no aggressive or selfish purpose but to secure the peace of the world, to safeguard lilierty
that vast
THE EQUITY.

SHAWVILLE FAIR


SHAWVILLE, AUGUST 29, 191S.
Che wing
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
Canada’s supply of coal from the United States for the coming year will,
HXOOO tons less than
September 16,17,18,18.
it is stated, be
imported this year, which means
IS THE WORLD'S BEST CHEW
was
th;tt the drain on the national woodpile
will be heavier than usual
It is manufactured tobacco in its purest form.
It has a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man’s use.
Apply to R. W. Hodgins for Prize List and all information required.
Ottawa lost one of its foremost citi last Thursday by the death of Mr
R J. Devlin, the widely known hatter and furrier, who for many years carried the successful business on Sparks St.
AS

and to maintain public right is thoroughly conscious responsibilities will rest upon the Allied which ultimately develo;*d into the nations and especially upon British and
R J. Devlin Co., Limited. The late
I i
s
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.

on

Xtuerican commonwealths when condi
lions of |>euce come to be determined

Mr. Devlin’s business success was attributed largely to the unique, snappy character of his news|)aper advertising. The first thing constant readers of the Ottawa dailies invariably looked for was Devlin s ad.
3B

Ontario's New Ministers Elect ed by Big Majorities
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Toronto, Aug. 22.—Offieial figures as announced by the returning officer for the Northeast Toronto byelection, in
.omise Hon. Dr. Cody’s majority over	. _
The German submarine ojorators on t|ie independent soldier candidate. Win Little Fellow Simply Had te Spend #1 Oerman Authorities, In First Days ef
the American side of the Atlantic last Varley, to 5,303.	Nickel of the Dime In Hie I War» Mobilised All Meeevree# at
week are reported to have captured the ! Hon. George S. Henry’s majority in	Powselon.	!	Refrigerating Plante.
ed the vessel into a raider, with which
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
FELT THAT HE NEEDED “PEP" STORED MUCH FROZEN MEAT DOOFS,

Frank Oronlnger, attorney, has a Berlin has 2,200 tons of frosen meat ing the returning officer’s final count of	pink-cheeked, tow-headed youngster,	ln lta municipal cold storage depot».
The vote was as follows :	whose name to every one who knows	The supply Is replenished from time t#
Mr. Galbraith	him, Is synonymous with effervescent,	time ®° that It remains at that figuré.
overflowing spirits. He is a thinker,	On their present meat ration of one-
with two guns and fitted with wirele**.	Alberta Needs Harvesters It was he, who some years age (he the Berliners are cured of meat SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
according to the rcj*orts given out by	has now attained the mature age of enoigh to last all Greater Berlin two
survivors of	vessels that have	been sunk.	Calgary, Aug. 22.-—That there would	eight years), after gravely meditating	or three weeks, even If there should
St.'rw h ive been	taken	to	round up the !,	a, Portage men to harvest Al-	on the phenomenon that ensued when	ha a temporary stoppage of replentsh-
k j : ,	',	, t * I Bertas crop was the statement of Secre- things were planted In the ground—I. ments.
rauler before she has a ihanct t" tauM tary HigginWham of the l mted Far- V that duplicates of the thing planted How the cold storage of pork ha# much further damage.	| mers of Alberta yesterday morning, accommodatingly took root and grew helped Germany to -stick It" Is a*
The crops have develoyed much letter up out of the ground—was discovered plained in an article In the Cb than expected and there is a scarcity of |n the yard by his mother, carefully Zeltung
labor at many juints.
Custom Sawing.
few days heavy toll was taken from j the ballots the Canadian fishing fleet on the Grand | Hon. Mr. Henry 3,474 Banks
in a
743
The trawler has been armed
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
walk
Early In the war, realising patting and slapping down a pile of the serions effect of the British blockade on the meat supply, the govern-“What are you doing Jack ; planting ment directed the refrigerating Indue-something?" Jack's evident reluctance try to mobilize Its resources on the _ J	1	to disclose the nature of his agrlcul- largest possible scale. It was ordered
InIit, .Minn., Aug. 22.-~-Between	tural activities aroused his mother's to make preparations for dealing with
h« been achieved by ,he Allied armies. I
A great extent ot territory has been which stunk l\l«‘i about 10 oclock hist vigorously Into the wet mud. A new ones built, and the system so ex-ted from the grasp of the invaders, *oght and tore the town to pieces in a gun| caught her eye, and In horrified tended that today there Is hardly a
taken during these , 11	1 went y-so veil bodies have silence she scraped the mud from her ,ocal community without Its own re-
Lumher about one * ri 1,lvlltlfl, '	, , ,	jeweled gold watch.	frigerating facilities,
number atout one The tornado tore through the heart of „ut lf Jttck dldn.t ,ueceed p.ow. | Every fortre., ha, a freezing plant
* lv ^au,l< l,iIlJt lv toWDl >l'lllnr onlv one IntiMmg, a jng njoe mtle timepieces, that a small °f *t8 own- In case of siege It will
boy could hear tick undisturbedly, he aa*lst materially In the preservation of has kept right on being active. Hence, perishable foods, especially meat, eggs, his mother's surprise the other day at Gsh and butter, a reply of his.
•r
The story of the progress of the war the western trout makes cheerful
Since Marshall
on
wet mud with his small spade.
reading these days Foch launched his brilliant counter
Destructive Tornado in Minnesota.
offensive against the Marne salient on July 15, a succession of marked victories
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
wres
and the prisoners
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
operations now hundred thousand
credited with having lugged|m hon picture theatre in which 200
|people were sheltered. The greatest loss of life was in a restaurant. Eighteen persons were in the place when the The Briti>h forces have been conspira-1 brick walls collapsed. Sixteen were
nusly in the lime light during the past | killed and the other two were seriously
injured.
army is
ten thousand of these in three days of rd breaking push of fifteen miles.
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
its re
"The German authorities," says the Jack’s father, before leaving for his article, "have taken advantage of cold office, gave Jack a dime. Afterward storage to the fullest extent, thereby Jack's mother seeing the coin In his greatly easing the economic conduct hand, admonished him to put the dime °f the war." away and save It
"O mother," Jack exclaimed Insln- TELL OF LONDON’S HISTORY
uattngly. "I simply got to spend a I,	________
nickel of It to give me some ’pep
week, and their progress is giving grave concern to the enemy, who at some points has been forced back and beyond
the old Hindenberg line which has been I (	August 21.—-The t anada
n	a„m te.'xi".."süæüi
pressure continues, as there is every in- j the regulation which forbade the sale of dication it will, there is a likelihood of a j white or standard flour to any person general retirement of th enemy aM|for Pnvste consumption who does not
ilon r the line The tide of battle is purchase from him substitutes of not less	----- In m small space In the Whitechapel
.	.	than one pound ot substitutes to four Absolutely Nothing Left of the Once art galleries there Is a fascinating col-
turned, and many discern m the situa- J pounds of white or standard flour. The Beautiful Woods That Were the
dealers that this regulation applies > all parts of Canada, and that the deal s who fail to govern themselves aococc ingly arc liable to a heavy tine, ami also to cancellation of their licenses.
Regulations now en force not only require the purchase of at least one pound Ballantyne, minister ol naval service, 0f substitutes to every four pounds of
arrived in Canada last Friday, after an | standard flour, but also require the use absence of ten weeks in England.
On his arrival in Canada the Premier
Warning on Flour
i
EXHIBITION
# ft
Collection of Wonderfully Interesting Relics In the Whitechapel Art
Galleries.

FAMOUS FOREST QUITE GONE
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
t
lection which reconstitutes the history of London from the days when the Britons watched the galleys of the Romans sweeping up the Thames river. I- | through the well-ordered forests of There are bits of Roman pottery found , Verdun. To stroll arm In arm where
tion a glimpse of the end
Lovers used to stroll arm In arm
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden Products—Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies—Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits—Auto Show—Dog Show—Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time” Vaudeville Acts from the^New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
• in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing night, Saturday Sept. 16th—Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
Premier and Colleagues Return
from England
In the Thames mud. Photographs and these forests once stood Is no longer	prints show how bits of the old Roman
possible. Gouverneur Morris writes In	wall may still be touched by living
Collier’s. You must go alone. If there	bands. And so throughout the long
has been rain you should have nails	story of the great old city there31 _|J
In your hoots. The smooth convoiu-	membrances of Its varying phases, of
in private households	u lei>t ten jut	Bons °f the hills have been tortured	its ceaseless change: a beautiful piece
cent, of substitutes	in making bread,	and turned Into ridges and hollows like	0f carving by Grindllng Gibbons, or
I	I	I	I	II	rolls, pastry or any	other product in	the Atlantic ocean during the equl-	one of his school, in St. Paul's
gave	out	a	statement	t<* the l anadi&n which standard flour is used.	noctlal gales.	grotesquely carved brackets of wood
Press, part of which is herewith quoted :	_________*	1 doubt If there Is to be found one that once supported the beams of Tu-
“ There is most effective and bar mo-	MURRELLS	*lnch> square yard of the original for- dor houses; Iron brackets beautifully
niotis co-operation between the armies	---- £st “°°r*	* doubt if there Is to he wrought by ancient craftsmen ; leather
of the Vuited States, Great Britain and	August 24.—-Mrs. Daniel	Stewart, of	one single perfect example of	jacks, out of which some	Falstaff
France. From Sir David Beatty as	Litchfield, accompanied by	Miss Flor-	a*"ell	crater f)ne cruter hrenks Into	quaffed his sack; clay pipes,	smoked
well as from Admiral Sims and Ad- ence Pirie spent Sunday with Mrs. Geo. t?e P,	there* merKe(1 into one in Queen Elizabeth’s day by men who
mirai Rodman, I know that this is Horner.	shocking	hollow, are a dozen which	galled the	Spanish main;	the	old
equally true of the British and Ameri-I Mrs. Elliot Robinson anti children of	at	^ moment of looking ap-	Whitechapel	parish register, telling of
Renfrew are visiting in this vicinity. peP” have	1on*;	. .. citizen¦ who died of plague, or born
Mr. and Mrs. C. McCagg,	of Ottawa,	..Xt.	,	ue. >ut {™}J ™rked*	and married in the days before the
opportunity to fight side by side with I	spent the past week at Mr. George Con-	,nat	rnre8t floor;Trot not for 100 years	great fire, and when belle of	old 8L
their kinsmen of this commonwealth, nelly's.	lt ever a*nIn be worke<* by man | Paul’s rang for Joy and sorrow.
The citizen soldiers of both countries j Mrr. Robert Nicholas arrived home », V*	v.an<! Profltabl® Pur8X,*t | These, and many other relics, bring
are essentially of the same type, and the] from the hospital on Saturday, and we a Vd°v? rich now^' " w111 he back the spirit of oldtime London t# Germans have already found them ' ali feel glad that she is better again.	snonned by the farmer with his plow; men an(j women who go to the quiet
equally formidable.	! Miss Lillie Chapman is spending her	8 pr°!!PeCt Vt rv rlch popper nnd	j&nd restful	place from the	rush	of
“ During the German offensive in the] vacation under the parental roof.	iron, the	prospector will shun It. for	modem life	In Whitechapel,
early spring months the Canadian divi- Mr. and Mrs. Herbie Sparling, of buried and ha!f-b«ted, the sh^^ hions were not engaged ; but during re-, Milestone, Sask., are at present visiting	^ and	little, which did n«»t i, ie
cent weeks they have won as conspicu- Mr. and Mrs. Eddie Telford.	^ n ’	as tblrk flq tvInI,tatlon In
Otis a victory as ever fell to their lot I Mr. and Mrs. Archie Stewart of Bris- tne Ilfe of every man. since the outbreak of the war. Driving fcol were guests of Mr. and Mrs. Ham il forward on a considerable front they ton Stewart on Saturday and Sunday, hurled back the Germans fourteen miles Mias Aggie Eades is visiting her sis-and captured nearly ten thousand pri- j ter Mrs. Robert Robitaille. eonersand more than 150 cannon. Their Mr. and Mrs. W. Ringrose and family casualties numbered considerably less | are visiting at Mr. Albert Somerville's, than their prisoners and they hold all the ground which they captured.
41 The men from both countries have | Smiley's on Wednesday eve learned to realize most vividly the savage malignity of Germany’s purpose and methods They are determined that
Sir Robert Borden, Hon. C. S. Mew burn, minister of militia, and Hon. C. C
art re-
Stewart McCjjsnaghan, President,
John W. Brant, Treasurer
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
can navies.
41 The Canadian army welcome the
FOR SALE

Strip of land running from government road to the river, part of the front of Lot 6, Range 1. Bristol. Splendid pasture lands, well wooded and timbered,
Darkness Above the Sky.	FHty^one*hundred acres as purchaser
The projectile of the gun with may desiie.
I which the Germans have been ehelllng	A- MAC F A R LANE,
" Pari, from a distance of serentj-fiTa _____BrUtol> Que
«s-aras £ »s*i;. ag.?^5agagfis
ill parts of Canada show Increases f arth The Scientific American says Good Stock and Dairy Farm—Part n the amount of fish which is being j J* probable that at that height there of Lotg 4 ftn(j 5, i9t Concession used as a substitute for meat and	ta eo little air that the aky loses Its	»	i>	•	t	.
>ther foods needed overseas. In one	blue appearance, because there la hard-	01	diwvoi.	J
Dntarlo city the sales from January	|y enough of It to produce the refrac-
:o April inclusive showed an increase	tlon of light which give# It Its lumlnoe-
)f more than 75 per cent, over last* ¦	¦	¦ m	|
Sales are almost evenly
Until last
TIME OF MEETING :
Austin - First Tuesday,
Elmside
Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starke Corners, Second Thur*. , Wyman, •
Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
Second Wednesday,
Eating More Fish.
FOR SALE
i
First Friday,
A number of the Murrell women attended the H. M. Club at Mrs. John
100 acres valuable bush.
Will sell 115. 120. 200 acres, or what block as purchaser may desire.
For particulars apply to the owner.
D. J. CRAIG,
Bristol. Que.
PlaINTok
ity-
rear
ilvided over the week rear, fish was not bought to any arge extent except for Fridays.
"If we could accompany this shell an its course," continues the Scientific American, Mwe should probably find the eky growing darker and darker, until	nearly	In the
Organised pilgrimages to the black sky the eon would show as a (brine of Our Lady of Victories, the ball of fire, while the stars which were 'amous old church in Lower Town,
Quebec, are taking place daily. The pilgrimages will keep up the whole )f the month of June, all the pilgrims beseeching heaven for the pleasing of a return to peace. The illgrlmages have been composed of ,
members of the bar and the notarial	Can Sleep Anywhere.
irofeeslone, financial and business | A soldier who enlisted and was eent nen, office clerks and members of
arlous mutual benefit associations.
Good Tempered.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Army H*¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
this war shall be fought to a finish and I It's a weary, wicked world If you that there shall be no repetition of its are an army horse. You may or may
horrors. The devils by whom German not approve of shoes, but you'vq got militarists are possessed must be cast to have them just the same. The out ; the spell with which they have French authorities have an Ingenious bound the German people must be contrivance which so pinions a horse broken. Until then Germany cannot that he has absolutely nothing to say become regenerate. It may be a hard In the matter. It holds his heed, end lesson but the German people must | holds his feet end holds his body, an* learn it
44 As the master) of the air passes I an opinion, or choosing his shoes, or more and more completely to the Allies,1 making a protest in any way. If they the German people will more and more would only let a fellow get In Just one realize through war carried to their own real horse-size kick one could—but territories, the martyrdom to which they what's the use. In the meantime the relentlessly subjected other nations. It farrier gets In hie fine work, and then may be a hard lesson but they cannot It la too late. Yea, It's a hard, cold, be saved from themselves unless they cruel world, ao It la. Still, shoes are are compelled to learn it.	not so bad and they give a dandy heft
“It is equally the duty of the Allied to one's hind hoofs In arguments later nations to purge Germany of her mad-1 on ** the
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
FOR SALE
Pilgrims Seek Peace.
1 Holstein Ileifer, 1| years old,
1 Holstein Bull Calf,
1 Durham Bull Calf,
1 Durham Heifer Calf,
1 year-old Shropshire Ram.
Also some Ram Lambs.
All registered.
Apply or phone JOS. BROWNLEE,
R. R. No. 2. Shawville.
o
sot obliterated by the sun's light would also be visible. Below us we should Aive the reflection of sunlight from the earth and from the denser strata of the atmosphere."
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets *n Wednesday of each month at 8 p. ju.
B. 8. H. Workman, Irvin Ha mut on W. M.	Rec. Secy
forcibly prevents him from expressing
L. O. L. No. 27, meets let Tuesday of ea Herb Ho
Ran. Hodoins Secy.
to Houston was sent out to the trenches for training, and while on luty he was granted two hours' rest He was allowed to sleep on the firing step of the trench, which, he said, la sine Inches wide. He said when he
w.Sf
INS.
Fowls for Sale
About one hundred Fowls—hens and this year’s chickens — chiefly Barred Rocks. Apply to
j as.
Windsor's Fuel Pile. .
Permission has been given by the )ntario Railway and Municipal Board for Windsor to issue $50,000 n debentures for the purchase of »mee back he will be able to sleep out
>,000 tons of hard coal, which will >0 the window allL h used as a reserve pile next winter.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Cmop. in Com.
ARMSTRONG,
Shawville
Reg. Horn* Com. Scribe.

523854
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Canadian Food Board License Number
810603
^ Weekly Journal devoted to loom Interests. Published every Thureds j
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
City of Montreal
69&—Five Year Gold Bonds
Let These Prices Be Your Incentive to Buy
Copenhagen Is used differairtly
from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a smaU pinch, for & start, and put It between the lower lip and yum, in the centre.
Afterwards you can Increase the size of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you desire.
* "P^nhogen is strong, because the tobacco of Which It Is made Is f‘ul Into Ane grains, which make* it Impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.
Hence, a lit tie *tp1mch" goes a long way, showing that Copenhagen 11 nt)l only an unusually economical chew, but also one of the finest Quality, being made of the best, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
sctbboription, |1 a Year in Advance
All arrears must be paid up before any paper is discontinued.
The Security of the Metropolis of Canada.
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100, $500 and $1000, with privilege of registration as to principal.

ADVERTISING RATES.
Legtl advertising, lOceutH per line for let Insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #3.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion Mid ft cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In-•tractions accompanying them will b© Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Principal and semi-annual interest
May and
> November—payable in gold in Montreal or at the £ Agency of the Bank of Montreal in New York
PRICE s PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST.
For further particulars and application forms, apply to
GLOVES
Ladies’ Silk Gloves, black and white, pure silk, double finger tips.
75c. per pair.
RENfc-T. LECLERC
- INVESTMENT BROKER
160 St. James Street • Montreal
VERSAILLES VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS, LTD
Montreal Quebec
9
Shortest Railroad.
Ton have heard of shortest railroads before. Always they’re the most abbreviated ever. But off-hand one would grant the prize to Missoula, Mont. It has a railroad only 100 feet long. It connects the Northern Pacific with the C., M & St. P., and Is used a# a transfer. It has no equipment, no employees, and no stations, yet the company that owns It gets 50 cents for every car that passes over Its rails. Sixteen thousand have done so thus far. Think of It I—Popular Science Monthly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-lUhed tree of charge. Obituary poetry declined.	*
COLLARS
I Maie 12* tad 1241
(ESTABLISHED 1901)
kmljk
f
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
A very special assortment of many new kinds and materials.
JOB PRINTING
BANQUM'HOCHELAGA
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
50c. to $1.50 each
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICAT!
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
OVERSIZE VESTS
Professional Cards.
Does your Boy need a New Suit for School ? - The time will soon be here.
New goods, fancy weave, mercerized, both
50c. a garment.
vests and drawers.
Observed Mother's Day.
The Canadian troops And an opportunity during the lull in the battle for recreation and amusement. At any time the great battle may make an unprecedented demanad on the troops, but until that time, Canada at home, should not worry unduly over its men in France.
Among the peace activities of the corps has been the observation of Mothers' Day on May 12. Canadian Y.M.C.A. officers, who were prominent In the movement, declare that unprecedented demands were made upon their special stationery, which was placed at the disposal of the men in their canteens so that mothers at home might hear from their sons.
One hundred and fifty thousand specially-printed sheets of notepaper were placed in such establishments by the association. In addition 25,000 special cards, bearing a message to mothers, were printed by the Y.M.CC.A., and given to the men to send home. The message which expresses the unalterable determination of the soldiers of Canada to prosecute the war until victory is secured/ reads in part:
"It Is really you, our mothers and our homes, for whom we are fighting. When the- gift of freedom is ours then we will come home and lay It reverently at your feet, for It will be
HAVE TO KNOW MULE NATURE ! hallowed by the blood of many comrades. Then we shall devote our
lives to service In our country, in the upbuilding of happy homes and noble citizenship. Pray for us that this high and holy vision may never fade from our minds, and that we may An old flea-bitten, hammer-headed. I be given courage and patience to fln-ewe-necked bell mare, slowly picking i ish our task. What a glorious homecoming there will be. Till then we reng&Jii where we are, fighting for our mothers and homes
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Qua.» :
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	^	.
(Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
OVERSIZE HOSE
Campbells Hay
40c. and
Black only, cotton, garter top. 50c. a pair.
We have nice patterns made up in the latest styles, and the prices will be reduced for the next fifteen days. Call in and see the quality of these Suits
SWEATER COATS
8. A. MACK AT
These are smart looking Sweater Coats that combine both style and comfort and at the same time good values. Some are made of brushed wool with large collars and fashionable sashes to match, others are in the plain weaves, good weight and style. $6.00
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
MURRAY BROS
•1
a. j. McDonald b. c. l
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
ADVOCATE, BAIRISTEI, *0.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUK.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
C. F. HODGINS CO. LTD.
Farmers and Dairymen % time is here
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
A i vocate i Barrister. *c
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
196 Main St. - Hull.
Drivers of Patient Animals Realize They Have Peculiarities and Must Be Humored.
PHONJC BELL
U. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
' Success.
Because it is made in Canada Because it is an instrument tliai
-aWs volt mou* money'
any other tool used on farm
Because it is so simple that _ child can redily learn to take it apart and put together again
Because it is so easy to keep clean
Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
Because all gearing is enclosed
Because it is so easy to run
Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
1
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, bor wny across corraf ** ttfc
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUlUg^^J T'iJ^
Wed dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour atom- w°bilng in single file, heads down and ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss I eara wagging, served as illustration of ajqietite and asthma. If you have a ^or Dn °^cer attached to the big can-sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five foment who had Just finished remark doses will remove the trouble.	iu* that "horse nature and mule na-
re-
)
>
in
•a"
l
Few Cowpunchers Left.
Will be in Fort Coulonge every oesdav and Shawville every Saturday
3

a
War and the moving pictures have depleted the ranks of cowboys to round up, cut out and herd cattle. I	Cattlemen are all complaining be-
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren |ture and human nature were mighty	cause	of a scarcity of labor	on	the
frew, writes : “I had rheumatism in	contrary things any way you take	24ttle	ranches. The army has	drawn
my shoulders for over a year. I used them‘”	*	heavily on the ranches for men es........	i™?— #;]###
_ _	_ _ _ , writes : u I was troubled with rheuma- One *8 t0 carry 225 pounds day returning to the saddle for work on
PCnpPE.	L	M fl P L (JfJy	tism for over fifteen years, and at times	after (1,IV pstlently and uncomplaln-	the ranges to take the place	of	the
VfcUnilL»	Ls	IflUlllellU	I |unable to work. Two bottles of your	and the other is to follow the	young	men who have gone.
remedy cured me.”	I bell mare of the train, regardless of
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., *bere that animal may go. Well, there	_	. m . n n 44l
Renfrew, writes : u I was troubled for	,8 In that corral an illustration of the	o d Day	Battles,
years with indigestion and tried all kinds	effectiveness of our training. The old	The *****	odds in	numbers which
of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic-	mare bas started after a drink of	|	tbe	Brltjsh **^y hai	bad to face om
. tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com-	water and there goes every dad-blasted	j	the	weste**n	fr0Dt is	no rare expert-
pletely cured me.”	one of those fool mules after a drink ; fnce ln lts aunnls- Wellington has
„	Mr. D.	M Robertson, Renfrew of water."	----- -- ".kTV? ^ ***	T
HULL,	writes : “ I	have not had an attack of, Investigation revealed that the pack	a4,	, at Ta,aJera ™*B	the only
asthma or	coughing since I took the I mu,e not the only member of his	natte	to which he bad a	numerical
----- fourth doses of your remedy.”	| family that has peculiarities that can wpertonty, owing to the presence of
Sufferers should secure a supply of I played upon or must be humored. * 6 Spaniards, who, while showing C EO	RG	E	H YN E8	this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-	*t was learned that the larger	mules,	mac 1 Personal gnilantry, were badly
ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que	; Cou-	°nce teamed up or paired, must	there-	#< Al aI hl* other battles he had
longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.: after be worked together If each Is not I men thsnthe enemy. “At Sala-
J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta- to *nffer a loss In efficiency. Two	^l1^000 men’ and the Fr”Dvh
wa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Que. ; or direct Grange mules will not work together Rp"	At Vit tor l a I had 60,-
from the manufacturer W. F. Ritchie, anything like so well in the beginning men agnln,t ^0,000. At Waterloo Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.	i *8 they will a few weeks later, after the	more a*aIn,t
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting th«J have become well acquainted, and	1 had 5^000 to 58,000; Napoleoa
Pjrsonalattention.openallhours.	for mail orders, add sufficient to	cover	then If they are parted the	whole	19 d near 80 0(W. The whole army la
__________________________________postage.	Process must be gone over with	again.	lhe jouth of France under my com-
IIM _______ .	^	----------------- mand wae considerably larger than the
UNDERTAKING ---------------------------------------------------------- Triplets.	force of Soult at the battle of Tou-
¦¦	11	1	R. Learn, who lives on the 5th louse, but ln numbers actually
a"J EMBALMING Local Agents Wanted	T,
W. J. HAYES	For •• The Old R*ll*ble "
berm. There are other factors vastly more essential.—Christian Selene# Monitor.
4
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
5
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec
191 MAIN ST., HULL
6
vest
MADE IN CANADA
District of Pontiac
-- l-AI
7

8
7
9
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines. Boundaries, &c
Executed carefully to the aatlafao
tlon or partie»,
162 Wellington St
Phone : Queen 5230.
10	Because it lias other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
A CALL SOLICITED.
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent.
in
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Canadian, Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shaw ville (B) 7.35, a. m. Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv < >ttawa Central (A)	44	9.00, a. m.
Lv Ottawa
Lv Ottawa 44	(B) 4.30, p. m
i
(C)	12.55, p. m
Watch Heart In Lobar Pneumonia.
Deaths of pneumonia patients are due either to heart failure or to septicemia, aeldom, if ever, to insufficient
T™"tir,0rcb*'d	»-'U Flying.
1	*'	' prise answer to the New York Medical , A brakln* mechanism for airplane#
War Garden call for small fruits, I Journal's question, “How do you treat ha* recenl,y been Introduced, accord-early bearing fruit trees, Aspa- lobar pneumoniar	ing t0 the Popular Science Monthly.
ragus. Rhubarb plants, etc. | Dr. Herehey aaya the heart must be Thle conalata of two rectangular planes
of small area, mounted on a shaft that
runs along the rear edge of the mala
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line : Lv Ottawa Central (A) 6.50, a. m Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
*	(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
(A)	6.40, a. m
(B)	8.45, a. m (A) 3 30, p m
Ottaw'a—Pembroke
J. L. HODGINS
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m
(B) 4.46, p. m
Lv. Ottawa
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12 26, p. m.
Ottaw a—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a. m.
Explanation of signa (A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
watched and stimulated with digitalis.
If It can be obtained the appropriate . , vaccine Is to be used. In spite of £jane’ and Pas8ea through the fuselage.
The control Is by means of a handwheel and connections, which act 1» conjunction with a handbrake.
When an airplane Is flying at a rate of a hundred miles an hour the air pressure ls not less than 30 pounds to the square foot. It will thus be seen that the added resistance of a few extra square feet of canvas has a very
The demand for Ornamental stock in towns and villages is large.
Secure a paying Agency with lib . eral commissions. Experience not necessary.
STONE & WELLINGTON
prejudice, he recommends the Ice bsg.
If the patient be alcoholic he must have whiskey or brandies; If not. all liquor must be cut out A generous diet, hut without meat. Is necessary.
Open-air treatment Is conquering an dent prejudice. Sudden rise of temperature on the third, fifth or seventh
day Is no cause for alarm, and de	IHHIH^HEI
pressing medicines at this time may	retarding action on the speed of
mean death.	| the pUne.
SHAWVILLE
- QUE
only
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L TlrCKER, Agent, Shawville
(Established 1837)
TORONTO. ONT
ROMPTLYSECUR
In all countries. Ask for' our INVENTOR'S ADVISER,Which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
364 University SU Montréal.
Shawville Pair - Sept. 16,17,18
Equity \ivta. Pay.
###PAGE###6###
X
f
»
Cream Wanted
A Cup )
oî Teai
7,_„	-n-
wsmKi
It is
In Perfection
We are In the market for «réuni all through the year. We pu y the HIGHEST market price Our plant In right up- to-date. In buetne»» mince 1!>V6 l>rup ua m iioetvaul for particular*.
Mutual Dairy and Creamery Co. 743-6 King #t West	Toronto
»
Il U fine "for
cleaning
cans *

i
iÆ/t
II
I
above the crowd. , l*m very, wry proud of hint "
•'You feel proud!” exclaimed Mr. lu FBOTKC l (BUBALS V\ti CO A Its K FLOURS IN si MM Kit. I Mann. "Why should you ?” x*
I Im^e sPvc‘Mi’y susceptible during the warm- custard, and I find the oven excellent j vr seasons of the year to the attacks to keep food warm. It is also h^ndy ¦HimMs, particularly small beetles to heat the irons on the oil stove in the ' and their grubs, which may cause the the middle of summer when there is
foodstuffs, not so much laundry to be done, much by what they actually destroy Covered rooking utendis, especial-hut by rendering such infested food- I y for the oil stove, are now manufac-stutfs undesirable as human food. lured. I believe th**v are generally Millers and manufacture * realise, called triple pans. They come in
r
Thu course flours and wveals art» beans, potatoes, tapioca pudding, and
"Unfortunately continued with quiet dignity no right to feel proud but 1 do."
The sharp reply, already framed, of in died without utterance before
clear gaze the girl turned upon her loss of valuable father
I
(pnvfort
Fresh From The Gardens
Scaled Packets Only Black—Green or Mixed
Try a Packet
To
Lye
Day
"Humph!" he returned, suddenly ov cunied with his plate. "Humph! I trust he'll make ii fool of him
1—1 Z	rn	W ^ gk	^	|X	2^2	______self. I can’t picture him on a battle
I I g C fl	I |	I	I ¦	¦ Cl I	III	field. I don’t suppose he’ll be called#18 a rule, the importance of handling various sizes in tin. aluminum, or
1^9	VJ I 4- &- 6	wL > %»' v*' 1 A*-* “ V# m 1	upon to do much that takes courage, such food product» as rapidly as posai- granite, and are useful because they
He-’s picked the ambulance corps.’* ble to prevent insect infestation, and save oil When Marjorie came from her room also know how to deal with such	-
Mi-s n.M m’11'* <Lh‘d *hV UHS	out* P^ts. The retailer and consumer are.	To Remove Slalmv
"Shall ? walk with you?"	chittly concerned in the me tci of pro-, y0 r(.move stains successfully from
LJLJmm® mm mm mm
preparing for something worth while. Together they went to the porch and Sneer Wk to Ua edv dotii, hi fort <hou,d be made to avoid lar^° alkalies Chapman." Ted had said when Crane sat side by side in the lug awing. ne Truth to*tell Crane had left 8tovk* and 10 dispose of cereal pro-
lia.l K°ne to him with hi, plan. "Pro They had duno this since childhood yet hi, vi,it t0 Marjorie a. a next-to last ,iufts ««**«*¦ Vf* 9houW be Uke" linen then it la quite safe to use the
SE ÜEE ISESi PEE :*=§! ’
»«s not to enlist for the trenches, it go?"	~	t0f T0 £ continued >	:foura; Sea]ed *•£•**¦ ^hjah have xval<1|
smiled anew.	"What is Dr. Bacon to me?** she	___been damaged should be avoided, if whivh Henarates off when one-half
~	„««. ,u„l,. ssstistiJr zssz
find the easy spot. He’ll go over anything t»-" he gather; d himself to	- home to a temperature of from 180 mixtur. avowed to 2ettto
job!"	Talk about men giving up their pro- it is an old story that a soldier will "hl,c tools off. this treatment Javelle water with an equal col-
Crane found it harder to go to Mar- fessions to go! What about th<«e drink anything if thirsty. Any kind w *1 ' ' an*v ‘n8ei‘t eggs or grubs that ume 0f water, and soak the stain '«rie than he had dreamed it would be. mother, who give all the sons they „f water he come* acroM is good ma.v be present. As many of these in ,he golution until it disappears.
.lo resorted to the telephone to learn have no matter whether it’s one or plough for him under such clrvum P»»ts enter the house from out-of- Probably the best reagent for re-
fevenin/	*	m»L,™Ld ••	“*	-tance».	.	great care should be taken in1	moving stein, from eMk and wool is
"Marjorie,"- he found It difficult	"Other women. Crane! Don’t fo, Hut water may be dangerous.	The	""L?”* "ib,?th'^shou'ld'be k«t	three per rent, hydrogen peroxide to
even to call her by the old shortened	get the other women who wait." She	most inviting spring may be polluted .	ne\er po>. le thi\ ho ild l e kej t	which is added four volumes of water
name of school day* "if you’re go-	smiled sadly. "Some of them have	with filth and disease germs.	Like- m	tightly closed tin boxes or other in-	an(j one volume of ammonia. The
ing to be in, 1 want to run up awhile, to wait without being able t.> tell the wise, and more particularly, a well, destructible receptacles that can be st^in should be soaked in this mixture May I	world they’re waiting Crane, don't Water that Is "sparkling dear" is the tightly closed. If due precautions for a few mlnutes. then dipped in a
more open to suspicion on that ac- are taken, a very considerable saving ten per cent. solution of sodium bis-count for sewage Is an excellent in the aggregate of foodstuffs will result.
B440
T
)
E. H
may be necessary to repeat this treatment several times, exposing the fabric to the sun and air between treat-
Mhivh Shows the Attitude of Our Soul hern Neighbor At the Beginning of the NNur. and How the Republic's Noblest Sons and Daughters
Rose to the Occasion.
By Edith Brown Kirkwood.
mcnts
CHAPTER III
Doughnuts can be very satisfac-
To remove aUins from* ration .nd ^'» ®ede,of COrmrel °r °f poUt°e"
and barley flour.
m

To this add the clear liquid

in
w' Efceewe «I ewe
^.work M»kn liekt
J, wtwLwm» brui, ^ *»bW 2km tow
•nd tripe

iiB r
This solu-
die N
l
•'•ou i
Q
wwdr
V* x

•nd fikia UnJ. do noHewfi do.ifb.
A,
r UL.«eJ
«S
•I rl».r§«
kw W w# $*'75 «skUf.ee $125
T. WHIQHT OO
xswfte#
» HAMILTON A
You never go without telling me that you
Her hands were crushed tightly and with the kits upon them there fell a , ltant of dlrt. something drop Mwjor.e somehow felt wrs not Fr#n(.e „ a very old country-older
“ Crane turned at the corner and *>» *'v,'r 80 mim-v thousands of years
than ours, so far as Its inhabitation
"Someth ing's+wrong. asked to come before. "You haven't heard?" "Heard what ? Is

What is it
ulphide. If the-stain is persistent, it
*>•»
wrong
The note of anxiety in her voice sent him sick, suddenly, with the saluted -onsciousncss of preciousness lost. turned the salute
"I want to come to say good by, I Marjorie, longing with all her heart very reason its sources of drinking Marjorie. I'm leaving Clinton to- for the words from Crane that would water are much more likely to be pol-night."	have given her the right to wait for iuted.
“Crane! You're— leaving—Clin- him. saw him go without bitterness.
.1..9tÊ Then as if to recover herself Something within her sounded a vic-phe added with a pretense of her old tory even in her loss. Crane, wheth
spirit:	•	er or not he was to belong to her, had _ lt	..
4 Why the suddenness?"	shown himself a man and manhood is [oibid any soldier to drink any water Qj|# 8toves are a possibility in cities,
"I'm going to war, Marjie.	X go | the supreme appeal to woman.	,l ia8 no6	„ T but in small towns and in the coun-
M.»l of th. hi, decision, of	SU'tr V'L'ron''d!T,"to ffi	*
suddenly. I want to come to say gate to throw it open for him as had tighter» other than savages ever did ! ex^ , % tis a ew *om<:n 1 good by. May I?"	/	. been her habit since childhood but she before.	believe. The farm woman has become
Crane noted the quiver in her voice only turned and met him at the top Where germs merely are concerned 80 familiar	coal-oil lamp that
.,ood
gate	awaiting	him.	She	held	out	^as ^ept his promise, and Mr. Mann,	sample of water is (1) pure, (2) im-	8ense , take advantage of all the la ,
both	hands	to him	while	he	approach	accustomed to “being right" in the	pure	or (3) poluted. Impure water is	oor-sax mg, the time-sax ing, and the •
fd and	there	was	no	mistaking	the	business world, felt no pang of regret,	not necessarily dangerous:	polluted	comfort-producing	methods at hand,
light	in	her	eyes.	There	was	snuness	“Well, Marjorie,"	he remarked	wuter ls worse thail UD8afe	and of the many offered none will ex-
casual ly as they seated themselves at Even pure water contains animal I ceed in the re9ults gained the sum-
SztziZ	n»' r %.... w
was silent.	less distilled. Impure water has its cleaning and trimming, many women
Mrs. Mann cast a hurried, worried	own	characteristic microbes. Like-	Pre^er gasoline. Even a two-burner
look from father to daughter. She	wise	polluted water. Thus it is pos- j alcohol stove gives some relief during
had watched, unseen,	the drama of	slble to determine the degree of purl* hottest part of	the summer. One
Crane's leave-taking.	She knew well	ty of any water by examining under	°* the best aids, of	course, is the fire-
thut ( jane was not a!i that was to be the microscope a sample drop.	1®*® cooker.
desired as a son in law, financially and I - when water safe for drinking pur- Eight years ago we bought our oil
SS5 nss ra ffi-vsias
is made buoyant vith precious ideals on motortrucks accompanying the re- or three times a summer, clearing all
the oil out of the pipes, removing all
the small particles of dirt or soot that
have cellected, and wiping off all oil
that may have collected anywhere in
&
The Summer Stove
Marjorie stood erect and re
During these blistering hot August days the blessing that the summer stove is to the overburdened cook on the farm cannot be measured. There is nothing to equal it for comfort, and summer stoves should be considered absolute necessities for farmers’ wives.
Williams
PMM0S
by a human population goes. For this


Hence the precautions taken by the medical authorities attached to our armies over there. Positive orders
Settle

Ion


T
HE Pure, rich, mellow tone, and the sensitive responsiveness of this famous Instrument combine to lift It high above the commonplace. It Is a piano that will maintain Its enduring charm for generations.

the boat can get me there

t

There is no

Georgian Model, $500.00
THE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA, ONT.
Canada’s Oldest and Largest Plane Makers
f'Tnere i is Beauty
in hJery
< Jar / J*


Air Kept Out Goodness Kept In
BlAinnr w MW
and that ideals are the heirloom jewels giments of life. The treasure box that is robbed early never again may be refilled—with duplicates.
She divined too that something had come to Crane. He was not an idler, an unprincipled betrayer of a girl’s ' heart. Why had he gone without leaving Marjorie the word she craved ?
Mrs. Mann looked again at Mr. Mann
and wondered. Apparently Marjorie, t	^ ^	.	, , . .	-	.	..
had no suspicion that h. r father had the Inviting shade of the trees or to- be cooked is too far from the blaze.
played a part in the sorrow Crane’s ward the armchair on the awning- i A portable oven as large as a cook-
leave-taking had brought.	covered porch; when you mutter to stove oven may be purchased for
“He told me he was going," went yourself that it will not matter much about $6, and after a little practice
on Mr. Mann. "Hood thing.. He whether the weeds do choke the beet the housewife can use it for baking as
might as well be over there as here patch—it may help you to finish your well as the range oven. In choos-
doing nothi -	task if you call to mind a story told in ing an oven it is best to get one to
Whenr Marjorie leaned forwîrd.	by	Mary Kin* cover two burners as thereby the heat
"The other night after the lecture, i Waddln6ton	radiate* better and one get* better reCame into my office—"	In a village nsar ours, says the auth- ; suits in baking
“Crane went to your office!” Her or, a girl of thirteen is running the query was a wondering exclamation, farm. At the beginning of the war oil-stove oven at the same time,
Mr. Mann laid down his fork and It was a thriving farm with a man and looked at his daughter.	his wife, six sons and one daughter.
"He did,” he answered with delib- Then the blow fell, and all the men In eration. ou not ce too I didn t prance were mobilized; the father
eaMarTorie paid no heed to the at and h'8 tw° e,dcst„boy8 we“t oB 8‘ tempted frivolity.	once- four hour* after the decree of
"Why did he go to see you, Daddy 7”, mobilization wag received in the vil-
Thç hope in her voice hnd her eyes lage The farmer had no time to put
sent a sudden mist to Mrs. Mann’s his house In order, but left the farm
eyes and a lump to her throat
“Nothing—except that he was go big boys, aged fifteen and sixteen. The mg. That's all."	man and his two eldest sons are now
"Oh!" *aid Marjone In a low tone dead the two next are In the army, and again was silent.
“Said Ted Speer’s lecture had set him to th biking," Mr. Mann went on.
“Ted surely started something if he started Crane." He chortled in ap
predation of his own joke but stopped es*' wl10 *9 on V *en years old, cannot when he caught his wife’s eyes fast , accomplish much, but he does man-ened with understanding on him. He age to watch the cows and to carry was not at ease but he determine! to cans of milk p- baskets of butter, hold his own.	I see the girl sometimes:	she is
“I fee| very proud of Crane, Path- perfectly well, never complains and Why,	didn’t she stick never asks for anything -except oc-
"Our boy. have not callonally for a w,rm petticoat, or a


i-WsMilkweed
/
U i Ifl
NF
A MAID OF FRANCE

Seal your fruits, jams and jellies with Parowax, for safety. Air can’t enter to start mold and fermentation preserves keep perfectly—retain their delicious freshness and flavor till opening time.
Pour a thin coat of melted Parowax on the jelly glasses. Put covers on the fruit jars and dip in melted Parowax. Contents are truly preserved, and you are insured against waste and disappointment. X
One of the Heroines of the War of Whom There Are Many
The stove that I have had the best success with has a short drum—thaï When the work in your war garden is, one in which the blaze is near to seems tedious and you straighten your the cooking utensil. Long burners aching back and look longingly toward are not advisable, because the food to
Your
^toct.c* r Co
' . ..
€»
Ingtùnïs
MilKwéed : Crêam
Z
//
Z
z
F
IMPERIAL OIL, LIMITED
_ Branches In Ail Cltlea.
I often cook several things in our

When youth takes flight on the wings of years beauty of complexion goes too, unless you give your skin proper and daily care. Use of Ingram’s Milkweed Cream will enable you to appear youthful when you are no longer young. Its distinctive remedial effect upon the tissues of the akin keeps the complexion colorful, soft and free from blemish, ft does actually "healthily" and beautify your complexion. Since 1885 there’s been nothing else "just as good." Take no other. Two sizes, 50c and $1.00.
Parowax ,is pure paraffine, tasteleap and odorless. In 1 Jb. and % lb. cartons, at all groceries and drug stores. Costs little -eaves much.


'U
X
n



in the hands of his wife and the two
Warm day#, household work, end kitchen heat, all causeperspiration and ehlny, oily akin. You can avoid this by using Ingram a Velveola Souveraine Face Powder.50c. It blende perfectly with the eomplealon. A light touch hide# little blemlehee, make# your complexion smooth, soft and flewleee A hill line of Ingram • toilet products. Including Zodente for the teeth, ZSc, te at your druggist's.
A Picture

and the poor mother, a wreck physically and mentally, cries all day girl and the two little boys do the whole work of the farm. The young
The

92
-

îiejïlaë
With Each Purchase
ill
#
Each tlme'Vou buy a package of Ingram# Toilet aide vr Perfume your druggist will g*"e you.without charge, • large portrait of a world famed motion picture octree# Eech time you get a different portrait eo you make a collection for your home. Aek your druggist

er.”
to "Daddy	H
-r,T
• lions and the need of men over there; and dry *heD Rbe Ie working in the yet Crane is the only one to respond. ! fields. There ar* hundreds of girls I It shows he is head and shoulders doing that work all over Franca.

Jhtown, frvmCoait ioCoait
fcCO UMnrD

V. F Ingram Ce . Windsor. Oat.,
CANADA
^
###PAGE###7###
w


KELLY, Of THE FORT GARRY HORSE, 5~=S2£lF3L , ... ..
RECOUNTS HIS ADVENTURES IN WAR	...* w.s
e.l into my wounds. causing intense	M,.m(>rj„s in Peare and War,|
pain. Eventually we gut on di-k and M|lj (Je„ flir ,;e„rge Younghusband
I wa* literally dragged to the of hi:< varied experiences on a where they were launching boats. The tj.jp trough the Salween Shan State*
German prisoner», however, had •*>* during the Borman War. Every •d a number of the boats, while the whlt# man h<)	arvl especially an |
Edwin .7. Kelly enlisted September and thrown back again*! tin* next crew was bravely trying to wye ih" Englishman, is ip*o facto a 14 in the Fort Garry Horae in Winni wave. On the seventh attempt we wounded, and when we got to the deck medj(a, practit|on*r wherever
peg. At Valcartier, the unit was dis took Regina trench. Talk about a hut few boats were left. Two fel-	h„ wan<|er, 0n the present	U,lda * »•> Al »<«¦'•	“ ‘-urioLu* »und- fa,"t arvl TLT:
banded as cavalry and sent across as charmed life! I wasn't so much as lows picked me up, and counting one, ^a,.,„	qlliniW] „ f,w ! Kvery morning Hilda went to the «rat, then clearer and noser. 't was
part of the Sixth Battalion of the scratched. But 10,000 men went two, three threw me oyer the star-	, y,,, of cl,lorwJyn,; and a pot	W take care of the roses on *«' matter of the hoofs or many
first Canadian overseas expedition, in down in two hours in the fighting that hoard side in the direction of a boat <>(	^	^ our me(lica, ont- the little trellh, at the end of the horses on the highway I r*
We called that sunken road well filled with our wounded and Ger ^ >nJ wy	nQt ,, much walk. She cut those that were wide rr»"> the pantry to the front door, x
«¦¦il
to cause sniffles. Then choking and swung aht,ad ray afm wa* drawn hack through it. aU. My only regret now,but apparently to the surprise of no Of course you can guess that some- May I have a drink of water, he coughing. Then men began turning wilh the weight of the German im-j ia that I cannot go hack and stick j «ne else, the old lady "turned up" the thing serious had happened -or was asked. It ii a hotday for a practice green, their eyes rolling and gasping p|nge(| on my aabre and I was nearly (here for the big finish. For some of next morning before the caravan. tfomg to happen. This is what it hike, even on horseback for breath. A terrible dry taste In unseated. But I managed to stay th,se days we are going to win the started and said that she felt quite was. her brother, I had, with her Hilda hurried in for a dipper, and the mouth I saved myself by wet- jn tho fight unharmed. Out of 116 war and whip the Hun."	well.	™tbef *"d mothe^ had «one to the then went with the officer to the well
ting my handkerchief from my can-, of Ug who went into that charge but	-+  -- I C‘l? i°, , ."TT* f°,r A*1? whole day, beneath the elm at the end of the
teen and holding it over my face, twenty-three came back. The re Half-hour noon-day “sing*" in big A good citizen is known by the food ai?d	^ad	*,eafnd| H'one-
Fourteen thousand out of twenty main<jer wcre killed or wounded.	factories are becoming quite the thing he eets.	They	ha<J dnver] away ”oon ofter	PM
thousand of our men lost their lives ,.Th th . which I had 1 1 ' ' "	" " "	... ' '   *‘in .was up’ und H,lda wa* surc that pers and for glasses.
wmW iiehssb
the Entente Allies rallied from this t thf (Armans But they came Her ways are ways of pleasantness need envy no courtier, prince or mil- VN1 cr P®rents* but^there was a Qf little girls in the;r own _far off
-is ss ssrr srae ! -	- s	;Pro,	.....
ing many guns, only to counter-attack h . Thp tain ca|le(1 for a voj.J Solomon, the wisest of men, is here unselfishness. To be happy we must had bcen look,n$[ fo? ward to a x,sl1 to the horse round the yard, while the with bayonets and tenaciously avert unteer to f(Jr re enforcements. I pointing out the way of happiness, try to make others happy. Selfish* as Hpon a* sch()o! c 0Red-	others clapped their hands and called
a rout. It was first qround Ypres voi,mteered as a dispatch rider, but We are all aiming at. happiness. But people can no more have glad hearts! The worst of it was that Hilda a* her “the little colonel.”	I
after the gas attacks that. Kelly and . onjy a g^ort distance out of Ap- how few know in what happiness con , than they can have genial faces. Na-| wel1 18 Ihad tltid the promise jf H Ida ran into the house and hit Strathcona Horsemen first saw «vi- ^€V whVn a German machine gun slats ? And, havinfc a false aim, turc has made us social beings. And the trip that day; but only yesterday brought out the roses that she had cut dances of the German cruelties inflict ; CttinouflHK,,(| ,n an old house cut down when, after toilsome effort to grasp it, it is only when we practice .brother- Mn>« Hurley, a neighbor, had asked thc morning. She gave them to ed upon women and children and m ^orsC j ^a(j to mtike my way they find but a bauble whk h leaves hood that we taste true pleasure, to be taken along, as she had some er- t^e soldiers at the well, but the big Canadian soldiers crucified.	1>ack to An hey on foot, there got an- them empty and miserable. What Wrote Tolstoy :—“I am happy when .rands to do in the city. So Hilda had gest onc 0f all -she gave to the tall
Soon after Y press the Fort Garry | ^ m0unt. and set out again. This then is happiness—tru^ happiness t can perform an act of kindness, but Politely stepped aside and hud tried 0flfic^r. He held her up and kissed Horse was reassembled as a separate t-me j WflK gucfea8ful in bringing up which will not mock the seeker? This to right an injustice is my greatest not to be cross in doing it. Thad had her as she fastened it to his coat.
Hi unit and fought in the line as infantry ; t troopM 0f cavalrv.	: question every one should ask dedply happiness.” Love is the noblest hu-' l<> because he needed some new Then the bugle blew, and all the
until the middle of June, 11M6. After w ... g or the Red Cross at life’s threshold or he will be doom- man emotion. And when it moves us shoe8 Hnd other things.	, soldi|?r!, )eft the well and the shade of
a fifteen-day hike the demounted j	*	ed to failure.	to sa rifice for the sinning, the poor, ft was all simple enough, and of the trees. The line took form again,
X horsemen arrived at the Somme bat ‘My second horse ’ell umier mej HappmPal, ioes not consist in mere the wretched, the woe begone, we ex- course Hilda could not blame Mrs. four counted men abreast; and when ¦N| tlefivld, where they were brigaded about 10 o dock that morning at er grat$ftca,t on 0f sensual desires—that perience the purest of raptures.	Hurley	for wanting to go, or her own the bugle blew, the line started on its
with a division of Indian cavalry and we had left Aphey and were press- .# byt the nnjmal's pleasure. Nor is	Within Reach of All	1 parents for giving Mrs. Hur ey her Wfty Hilda stood in the yard all the
wmmasmmmmmBm m
A Diaaatrous C harge	midnight on a ration party That I ut'ter*-v wretched ^	heart crieth out for the living God!”! That cheered Hilda at the moment, and waved his hat.
*‘°n Jo|y 18 *t MahaUe we moved meBnl we were goiriK hack from our oüt f°r 8 baule that we called the frflnt line trench to get something to
¦mu
rv	.ïaxîrs
:'ZT' 7 —y	,,	«.	at
adaptable for operations against the, P	•	dj h'v one should live to a purpose. Work, waste time envying the good fortune
~sBc^igK=:f=i=;=s5iiH:~=•
at Cambrai, after General Byngs t e erma|	^ , . thp in not in his money, but In his work. The of faire prizes, but see wherein lies
TienlFr\ e^wH pf^hel ft'wi"0,lowing'ÎîJSuSttaï aTd Ask^T V	K.-R?ÎT bÆ.
¦llüfliliî
4 ««£ 3stt
suffered by the Allies m tittmnidays. |	to th(a no8e an(j eut the optic !
The Metz woods changed hands fifteen	¦ gg
At Troons woods the dead
A POWERFUL PRESCRIPTION
fTb/* f/ft*
S
X) GI
vn-r.:~
BOY
Native Invalid
all
~ 1
t
• «


V
Canadian Survivor of a Hundred Battles From Y pres to Vimy
Ridge Was Plucked From the Sea When a U-Boat
Torpedoed a Hospital Ship.
c
Ji
V
F
r~v/*
' 1C
«killed
After a brief train- day.
sll 30,000 men. hrg on Salisbury Plain, he was sent 'Death Valley.
the Channel . as part of the Strathcona Horse, and thence

» •9
sc roa*
Ypres.
“Fifteen days in the front-line
aci(
had never seen it before.
*
Others saw them and came Hilda went for more dip
How eagerly
house.
running.
en
easy
crown!”
be utterly wretched.	... ...................
Happiness is only found by those To*"meet The teLksVtemptationsfe^is but % did not take her long to think ................._	_____ „	.
who know iU secret, who have a true an<J sorrowi1 uf life we must have in.l of the things that she moat wanted; of the long column had disappeared, ideal of life and Its purpose. To get finite help Wt} must have an Invisible' and when.flhe had done that, the mi
We must have a Heavenly nvtefl dragged slowly, instead of hur-Having all else, but lack-	faster.
ing this eternal solace, no one can but	^	,
be poor, empty, unhappy and wretch- house and placed them in a vase on
Simple, genuine piety makes a j the dining-room tab‘*;
watched the road until the R.F.D.
i man came along and left the mail.
But he left nothing for her.
“By this time Thad is seeing all
those soldiers!” wighed Hilda, when Pen*
she felt that it was surely time to eat mi
the luncheon that her mother had left and Thad got home in the eaij>
on the pantry shelf.	J	HI I JC I
While she was eating a second piece her story ; nor did she wait « ‘yen to of cake,the wonderful thing happen- And out what they had brought her.
ed that changed everything—the j	& VÉAÉtfÉHMÉHÉMB
thing that showed why the birds had too!” said Thad.
been singing so merrily and the sun much to see at the camp except a Tot shining #o brightly upon her early in of tenta; but you stayed right here, the morning.	I and a whole regiment of soldiers came
Through the open window she heard riding to make you a visit.
Finally, the last clattering squad
and Hilda could see only a cloud nf dust in the distance.
Friend.
Father.
“My, what a wonderful day! exclaimed, when at last she went to gather up the dippers and the glas-es, and then to the house to finish her cake.
she
!«•
Hilda carried her roses into the
Then sh»
ed.
•‘How glad I am that they left at home! I should have known that something beautiful would hap It always does."

me
, are;
When her father and her mother
evening. Hilda lost no time in telling
“I wish that I had stayed at home,
“There was nothing
March, would find It difficult to dilly» dally about their duty or hold back
such incentives
. FIGHTING NAMES
Many Strange Appelations Found in from danger, hearing
to adventurous advance as the names
Quick and forward. Bright Steele, A particularly valorous, gay and Lotld Cannon,Noble Bannerman, Nott resourceful Tommy was private Rob- paring,Luckie Hazard, Strong Spear-bins of a certain famous English regi-1 mgn Ravage Hope and Goode Schott ment. Among his mates he went by, are jn tbe ranks; they could hardly be the unmilitary nickname of Twitters. eigewhere. Sois their comrade ,whose Him captain, visiting him as he lay ftr8t n„me was propaply invented to wounded in hospital, learned in the ma^c)1 his second, in a combination course of casual conversation how he tbat ougbt to help him earn a Victoria
Cross some day—Private Duand Dare. Even in the naming of girls the in-
ti uster Rolls of the Army
" "iirr - fp _

•m

1
j f



la,a

vXS

came by it.
“If you’d ’appened to notice me ole
nyme on the roil, sir, you'd not ’ave to f1U€nce 0f the great war is felt, al-harsk,” Twitters told him with a grin, though it is not in England,but Amer-“Me a hinnercent byby, and never that compliment our historic ally, gnowin’ the trick they was playin' on pranc*f jn the christening of little me—a shyme, I calls it But they ^ss Marseillaise French. And it was says I ’owled proper at parson when doubtless inveitable that, during the he christened me, all the syme."	great drive for the 1st U S. loan,there
“I remember your name—classic should arrive in some household a names aren’t so common in the army young Miss Bond, whose given name
that I'd be likely to forget it,” the cap- „ hould be Liberty.__
tain told him, “tjut I don't seem to see^ jn aq tbe Allied countries babies are the connection. Nestor, wasn't it Vi being named for the favorite leaders “Yes, sir,” assented Twitters. and generals of the war;but it is per “Boomin’ silly nyme, If it was me poor haps, only in France that the name mother's fancy. Got it out of a book tbe most popular of all its heroes she did. Nestor! Put it with Robbins, can be gracefully feminized. There sir, and you’ll see where th*» Twitters are gajd to be scarcely more infant omes from. Nest o’robins, sir. No	engaged in thoughtfully suck-
wonder I.’owled at pardon! '	ing the fists that may some day clutch
No wonder, indeed. But if the un- %be marshal’s baton than there are of fortunate Twitter’s mother, in jocul- baby J off re ties, cooing ar or sentimental mood,—it is hard to Df *be superwomanly guess which,—had given him a name prench mothers to-day, which it is to to live down, the muster rolls of the be hoped they may never need to bear
some of

üà





&










When Ï came to I warn in the
nerve.
; clearing station on my way to Havre." HHHlTorpedoed by the Huns
times.
lay three deep and trenches were so ;
S?£5SrKSk3;wv.«... ..dHR.
fighting he gives this graphic descrip from death came whi.e cn route from tlon in connection with the capture of} Havre to Southampton, on the steam «Regina trehch” in the fighting ghip La France. Arms and legs around Courcelettea.	, snapped in .flints, he was carried
“There was a .unken road between, aboard ship with many other wound-our front line and the German front, ed “bound for Blighty. On the We had orders to take that trench. e*me ship were more than a hundred
Seven times our boy. went over the German prisoners, top in .even distinct wave. I w„ "Two and a half hours out w. were, with the first wave We went up startled by a sudden sharp impact to the German line, but tost so many against the .Id» of La F"mce, fol men in that first wave we were com- lowed by a tenifi explosion» sai
pelled to fall back. I met the sec- Kelly.
ond wave coming up out of the sunken l.-boat
road and went with them against the poured in the hold and the ship W-Hun stronghold Every time our gen to sink by the bow. We wound
bovs would jump up out of this sunk ed were down .on the second deck, as en road we would be subjected to a were the German prisoners I re deadly mach.n. gun lire. There seem- member fall ng out of bed Into the wa_ ed to be a million German machine ter. The German prisoner, had gun. In action.	stampeded and were trampling the
“Six times l went forward with six wounded.	. .	•
different waves, only to be repulsed] "Some good fellow got hold of me,
• ï


4
I
• I





I











It was a torpedo from a Immediately the water !


unconscious burden of

<<v


»

m#'#


Cl



? sBSS

army show other instances, which hare beep recently pointed oat
à Her Whole Wordiy Possession a Cow -Old French refugee safe be-jin a British newspaper, where pun-hind the lines after losing her lifelong home to the Huns Everything niflg parents have bestowed on their The average annual fire loss in the destroyed except the cow and all her family were murdered or car I offspring names to be lived up to. United States is about two dollars fori
III	Certainly the two soldier brothers, each inhabitant.
\hen they grow up.

• * • —
?

was
ried away captive.


###PAGE###8###
Academy Opening .[To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
Tie Slawville Bool and Shoe Store
#
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the scarcity of labor.
Cheapness in Shoes
The Empire Mechanical Milker
a
Ïh one of the greatest labor-savers, and is now being used extensively and successfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of (Government Exp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL-
To Tins Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal
I like the Milking Machine fine and would not l>e without it at any urioe. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking.
I can milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
-	Campbells Hay, R. R. No. 1.
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.
Does qot depend upon their price but upon the service they give



ssjfMjw










And on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
Shawville Academy re-opens for the School Year 1918-19 on Tuesday, Sept. 3rd
With the following Teachers :
Miss Ida M. Moynan—Prim. Room and Domestic Science. Miss Araminta McDowell—Second Room Elementary. Miss Ma ko abet Armstrong—Third Room Elementary, Miss Gladys Dunn—Junior Model.
Miss Dora Black, B. A., Asst. Prin. and French Specialist. Mr. II. Dana Hunting, M. A , Principal.
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
•»
MASSEY-HARRIS
In buying we look for service, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us to the lack of them.
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
)
flew Barber Sf]op
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
Most things can be anybody s gift— your portrait is distinctively,exclusively your4. Make an appointment to-day.
II. Imsoy. Artist in Portraiture
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us.
\ our family, friends and business as
X nice
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
sonates want your portrait, range <*t folders to choose from
H. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture
H. IMIson, Yrtist iu Portraiture
Births
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
At Claiendon, on August 20 to Mr. find Mrs. Lawrence L. Hod-gins a daughter.
the new sphere of life that she about to enter upon.
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
Local and District.
IS
I Bert Wain limn, our new jeweller, lias his family in town
Mt
OBITUARY
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
St. Thomas' Church, Bristol
now, and is confronted with the m.	..	,	, ,
problem of seeming a dwelling1. The congregation.have recently the late w. j. tovpork house which, as usual, is hard to	Brief notice was given in last
vide for the upkeep of the fabric	week s issue of the death of Mr.
of the Church property at Bristol	We,e?e .Coupure, who passed away
Fishing expeditions to the back and when necessary assist eliarit- ML lls	vstmount, Que.,
country have been of frequent oc- able institutions.	alter a short illness, at the age ol
eurrence of late, but the result,' fhi August 22nd these indus-1 years and .j months, somehow, has not obviated to any trions ladies put on a stall, in the,	.
great extent the necessity of visit- Parsonage grounds, a fine assort- l lie »at<‘Mr. 1 oupove was born ing	the	meat	shop with punctil- ment <if useful commodities which	°» lunette Island,
lions regularity.	effected a ready sale at their social. I	V*	fl|id was ol Norman Victor Victrol&S
TIi'W to., p11,N "idl’d a nice supper French descent. He wasanephew1
The whistle of the steam thresh- to which full justice was done. I1' * u‘ 'ato John 1 oiqiorc, who re-
er i- now heard daily fmnisome! Between 250 and 300 of the local I Presented Pontiac in the legislature from i bn federation to tin-
year 1874, and was also Federal
The "proceeds of the evening I me,1“li?r for the cou,lty from 1S78 ling from amounted to $125.00	'
E. J. HAMILTON
procure in this town, which never lias any vacant houses
BERT WAINMAN
Office and Warerooms
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
the 20th ! A slo"k 0(-
Oil
and Victor Records
—Just coming in
Watch for our Exhibit at Shawville Fair.
point in the neighborhood of the residents spent a very enjoyable village. Quite a number of farm-eis this year are adopting the | western method of thresh ins? from
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
0- 1JT DALE PRACTICAL TINSMITH
M " VV . */**4d*rf Shawville Que.
The subject of tins ,ketch raj
class of work and assure you satisfaction.
ill
the stook as a means of both saving time and economizing labor.
ceived his elementary education patches. | near the place of his birth, and then took a >urse at < Ottawa Bual* ness College ; he a No devoted a year to the study of lawBB gan business as a merchant in Chichester in 1870 ; in 1872 lie built saw and carding mill, and in
For S xle — Shoemakers’ Xpply J. s. Phillips, Am prior.
Mr. and Mrs. J. 13. Smyth, of Kin-burn, Out., announce tin- manlage
of their eldest daughter, Pearl, to Two thousand farm hands from Cadet Harold S. Richardson, of j Toronto district, including some,, the Royal Air Force, third son of women, left for the West last . Mrs. Louise Richardson, of Hast- week.	I
ings, Ont. The marriage will take place quietly on August 28th.
ter of the late John Poupore, predeceased him about a year ago.
A great number of men prominent in political and civil life at-
kr;,,«;v;.TS a	aJJrta
cemetery, Westmount. Mr. W. H. l’ou pore, of Chapeau, a nephew, C.
McCool, of Pembroke, with other residents of that district were present.
He be-
Give us a cal
A despatch from Kingston last Chester. In 1878 he began theeon-wr,-k state-	C. trading
The weather for the 10 or 1° Homer intends moving the head- tinned up to practic ally the close , * days following the big storm was M'iarters of the Hornerite Church | of his career. During the past | ^ particularly fa vorable to the work U°,n Montreal to Watertown, N. | twenty five years he executed of saving the most abundant liar- * ** H,H* Wl11 vail it the “ Standard j several large contracts for public vest that this district has been Church of America ”	works in different sections of the
blessed with in many a day. Some 1 \ minimum	¥ I country, nota bly the Morris burg
the work.	up to in, p. m. after that double matters. He was mayor of Chi- vicinity.
time, and double tune for Sundays Chester for ten years, and for a Very interesting to the Pontiae-
'mÈÊmèmsmm
the site of the old Craig store,	.	which the late Janies MeG. Roney ed to Prince Albert after an ex-
burned down some years ago.	Estate valued at $2,1112,4.38 00, of , nn<l ,t.hti ,ate Norman MeCuaig tended visit with relatives in this
mm Sliiilliii mmm
reached about 10,000, the great majority of whom were wounded.
Provost, Alberta
While Going back to School
May not be a very pleasant thought for most school boys, the thought of getting a new suit to start back with will certainly make a big difference, especially if that dbit happens to be
A Dover Suit.
o— Most boys look to this store for the °— est in styles, and cloths at right prices —o
new- —o
1
We are Showing the Most Beautiful Range
In fact the largest and best assortment have ever shown, at prices much bek)w their
present value
to
we
¦	, Mr. Hiram Stanley is up from
Pou pore resigned his seat, having i Swanson, Saak., disking his land been awarded a contract by the recently purehasedbere. • J
j BEBHEP1	C«t. eff any Boy’. Mt until S,h,.l
Zuture hsppiuess and success inj August u, ltiis. Wm. Harkh-ok. 1 thera. His wife, who was a daugh-	J
• •
CARD OF THANKS
Bring Your Boy in and Look Over
Our assortment. A pleasure to show them. May we have that pleasure soon ?
ARCHIE DOVER.

