###PAGE###1###
O
No. 41, 36th Year
8 HAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1918
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
?
Tfie Merchants Bant^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE !
ESTABLISHED 1874
Ifi
Established 1*64
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest -
I
OFFICERS :
Sih H. Montagu Allan, C. V. 0 • . / X. W. Black will.
K. F. IÎKBUKN,
D. C. Mai Allow
4,750,000
PRESIDENT .. . VIOK-PRÊHIUENT MANAGING DIRECTOR GEN. MANAGER ..
I
#4 Branches ln Canada
SEEDS
Paid up Capital...................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets
. $7,000,000 7,421,292 . 121,130,558
235 Branches and Agencies In Canada-WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
BOARD OK DIRECTORS
Hon. George Bryson, President Musaell Blackburn,
Sir George Burn,
Sir lienry K. Kgmn,
Hon George Gordon,
General Manager :
' D. M. Finnic.
W\ Duthle
John B. Fraser. Vice President Alexander Maclaren M. J. O’Brien,
Hon. Sir George II Perley .
K. 0. Whitney
Asst. General Manager :
II. V.Cann.
• Chief Inspector.
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
e #
# #
# «
» e
» e
Garden and Field Root Seeds
now in stock.
We advise early buying, some j varieties are very scarce and | will not be procurable later on. |
tor the convenience of our customers it has been decided to keep on hand cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 cheques, on which the 2c. war stamp has been attached. The books may be had by simply paying the price of the stamps so affixed.
Branches at Shawvtlle and Qayon
Manager, Shawvtlle ¦¦anaser, Quyon.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
- Ey Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
W. F. DRUM
Most things can be anybody s gift— your tPortrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. IMIson,	Lost—Sunday evening between 8t.
Artist in Portraiture. 1>au1’8 church and J. H Shaw’s resi-
i&ssat «te» g
held at the home of Mrs. J. H. ,dK at thw ofbce Shaw, Thursday evening of this week.
The El inside H. M. Club will	—Our instruction le Individual, and the
meet at the home of Mrs. William Miss Hester Hodgins spent Has- vo,,°S!.v\hyear *
«ralMtn WednesdHy, April 10th at ter at her home, accompanied by Oer imuSlire *10 per month ^do not 2 o clock, p. ni. Program : Elec- her friend, Mr. Shouldice.	par a cent more.
t ion of officers ; packing soldiers' Mrs. W. E. Shaw returned last More than 900 student* from other local
boxes. Roll call Payment of dues, week from a short visit to her sis- 2	ifejSS"1 jolned °”,r eJ»SB’ OTTAWA, ONT.	"
A great success, especially in a ter, Mrs. Derrick, of Montreal. Students arc assisted*!* position»! * M
inserts» oTTttrX’ltet .K: SfiKi; ;Jr¦Pnüîssîrœ.îï. %
:: ,ïftzrMr-.....................	-	— « isus-v- ¦
result so gratitiying. The pro- Dr. Beers, of Campbells Bay, ac-	D. E. HENRY. President.
< eeds amounted to $110.00.	com pan led by Mrs. Beers and baby
At flip hntriA nf Mr u Q u*,. left on Tuesday for a month’s
nett, manager of the U. F. Hod- v^t to W^tern Ontario.	I Mkmorial Card*.-A new stock
gins Co., the Employees of that os-	.Mr- *nd Mra. Jos. H. Tucker and	of very neat ones	at this	office-
tablisbment on Monday evening	thre,e children, of Ottawa, were	several designs.
presented Mr. Roy McDowell, their week-end visitors at Mr. C. A. L.---------------------------
late fellow clerk, with a handsome Tucker am town.	FOR SALE—A quantity of Timothy
------------------------------iJjjjWnlata ara Unified by practical
.	The Equity was favored with a Your family, friends and business as ! by death*!#. <iocU>ls > doctors, dentists
Amateurs dont lay aside your ko<iukH	friendly call last Wednesday from	sociales want your	portrait.	A	nice	The secret of success	of the	Graduates
«luring the winter, there are lots of in-	Mr. Archie Stevenson of Camp-	range of folder* to choose from.	*	of Willi# College is	that they are the only
teresting pictures can be made to send bells Bay. .	H. Imison ones trained by expert, experienced office
to the boys at the front. Amateur Pte. George Smith, who has been	Artist in Portraiture. (Fo/^teno^pher^Serrefary or Ac-
finishing a specialty.	serving with a Canadian Forestry	_____*_____	conuUnt. we have the best courses avail-
battalion in England for the i#ast	0	, .	....	,	able anywhere.
attending^ Stanstead College since I treat. A very nice letter of ack- A position for every Wills Graduates New Year s, is home, having had nowledginent of the latter amount ------------
Mrs. Garner Richardson, . .
Arthur Caldwell, Shaw ville,
H. Imison, Artist in Portraiture
J. H. SHAW.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
A BIG DRIVE
?L0Rj?,T*.,,(ï:,tAPHB,H For the past rear the Civil Service Commission has Seen
scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Peh. 16 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the de manda are now doubled.
Ottawa. Ont.
PERSONAL MENTION

m
COWLING
W. A. HODGINS
Our
SHAWVILLB
W.K.Gowlinh, H.G. W, Bbaithwait President
Cor. Bank andSnark* Sts
Principal
EXPERIENCE
vs
GOOD AS
THE BEST
Invincible Fencing
EXPERIMENT.
of town
H. Iwison,
Donation to Tobacco Fund
Cents Per Rrxi
7
40
For Halifax Blind
Strand
Pig
Fencing
Brown Optiqal
5
«
42
«
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Stock
youngest brother, Lloyd, nnd Bryant Fraser (son of Dr. Fraser) accompany him from Ottawa on Tuesday morning.
1.00
5.00
Births
7
a
«
54
u
At Charlton, New Ontario. 10th
aègr fSSS I trJSLfSSeS1	M'|d
ES ASjS!	|3
Port . The following address was muskrats and 2 weasel*.	|	_»  
read by Mr. Lawson Corrigan and.	„	„	„ , .
the presentation made by Messrs. Mr. Sam Hodgins, the town milk J. B. Corrigan and Wm. A. Hod- ful?P|ler* .the misfortune of
(Tins. Mr. »nd Mrs. Oorrlfan^al- I Jo*in» ooeot hi" horawlatt Friday 1 The death occurred at the Geu-1 WANTED-An experienced Tlnmith ;
rst: fc^teriraa EHHSiis, I	J* ;
after which refreshments were -trugg es to extricate itself, af>- IXthV lat^ John Ponpore who
gülaszis&S! «ras? «kfircs taæsrasslbr'
Presentation
552 St Catherine West
At Campbells Bay, March 24th, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Lunam a
to
8
«
60
«
«
UPTOWN 4982
Near Stamcy St
MONTREAL, QUE.
WANTED—A pant maker and
9
an apprentice. Murray Bros., Tailors, Shaw ville, Que.
U
65
cc
U
Deaths
Cents Per Lb
LOST—On Shaw’s hill. March 10th, a chopping axe with handle. Finder kindly leave at J. H. Shaw’s or Yarm P. O., and oblige Rat Wilson.
Brace Wire Barb Steeples
8
THE ADDRESS
aim and action were not for self, hut to y|	sorrowing home Saturday after-
44 do what I can to help my neighbor," The annual Vestry Meeting of |noon or whoever needed your assistance, in a St. Paul’s church was held on 5MT ~m quiet, free unselfish way. And so as day evening, and among other I
you use this sofa to rest the body, may business disposed of the officers H. T. McDowell on Saturday it bring to you the thought of our deep- for the current year were chosen, mg conveying the mad intelligence
est respec t, and although you arc not Mr. B J Wilson was elected of the death of her brother, the FORSALE-A quantity of good Mar with us, that your good works wtik clergyman e warden, and Mr. J. O. Rev. W. J. Conoly, at Vancouver qui» wheat, suitable for need purposes amongst us shall ever live fresh in our Elliott peoples’ warden. The on Friday, following an operation Apply to Hugh A. Horner, Radford memories. And now; dear people, we meeting was adjourned to Monday for appendicitis. For a nnmberof ..¦ - -.- —^
SSsSeKrlS SæterSiÆ SH.tfS&fe* pteïgfe
4? I a*......* - ?».....f—ba*t sr.&r'sz » —c- _____________________________¦
and ever remember tha/we .till feel .« will'"' lm "held ' at 'll,7y Trinity John Vonoly, nf'cabU ell. 'ar'e 5£
though vou belong tous and we to you. church at 8 o’clock on Monday ter and brother of deceased. In- Apply to J. B. Cowan at J. H. Shaw's \ ovu h &1KND6 and Nkivhbobm. | evening, April 8th.	1 ferment at Edmonton.	store, Shaw ville.
7
«
8
on
.	m FOR SALE—A Quantity of good Seed
A message was received by Mrs: Potatoes. Chau. A. Smiley. R R No 1,
morn Sbawville.
Secure your supplies at
once.
of Mar te. All to Alex.
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
from the patriotic feature of the work | AftlClOS WSfitOfl for CflsH
it gives a direct money return while adding to the food wealth of the
The growing of food
, /ITCHENER'SM08 8ItiLlfflB
; {	/ y /' JJJ .JL	f P	market prives paid. We supply vane,
I.	^ ^ 'v '>	^ jj	pay exprès* chargea, and remit dally.
• X n	x e« »»"ns	“
-^îmÊÊlMÊm

Old
community
for home consumption eliminates transportation waste with its attending cost of labor and fuel.
It is the intention of the Hoard to again prohibit the eating of canned past masters in this bombing work, vegetables, in EaatenrCanada to Oct. The most noted of them perhaps is 15th., in Western Canada to Nov. 1st, Corporal 0. Roberts from Trinidad, 1918. This will further emphasize the who Is attached, with a few of hi# necessity of garden production on the brethren, to a Middlesex regiment. Ha widest possible scale.	Is the champion bomber of his batta *
In many places very effective work Hon and at seventy-four yards is a was done by the firemen and the dead shot, having been decorated twice police. Their gardens were often by the British war office for singlemodels in this connection and an in- handed feats of daring and extremely eentive to other groups.	thorough execution of Huns defending
trenches and pill boxes against the
Tommies* advance.
B, K I T. jniTXXlVI. Limite!
ANTIQUE GALLERIES
«• asti 90 College Street, Toroato, Oik
Toronto
BRITISH RECRUITING MISSION.
*
•Ta/,ïo< Norman Mali»
To Secure 20.000 Men From U. S
In Three Months.
CHAPTER X -(Cont'd.)	ever, to make our trenches tenable.
Wo, .or, of, ,«k youW, £">	«Sî«r.7hï|	,b.	M.rch « ,..
“It ain't been a week, son* it's man bodies. Never before had deathj British and Canadian Recruiting Mis been a lifetime!”	revealed itself so terribly to us. Many H|on dispatched to Canada 1.089 volun-
Lueky fer us vou blokes come in. of the men had been literally blown teera for the Brillsh and Canadian just wen you did. We’ve about :pieces, ami it wasi necessat \ to g«l' armies. During the absence of Briga-reached the'limit.”	j er the fragment, in blanket*.^	general W A. White, C.M.O..
ililEI	, _ „ , _ _—
mmm mrnsm^mmm mmm <
.til you got to do is pick 'em up: is possible for such earthworks to be. States covering the next two month». c*n train a man, put him in the firing arrayed in the steel helmets and mod- f elmVts. revolvers, rifles, Herman The ground here was unusually fav- Their ambition is to secure 20,000 men iine, and have hint Invalided home lu ern habiliments of war, possess mar- -4 di’rivs.' You wite till mornin'. You'll orable. Under a elayish surface soil,. from the Vnilod States. If possible. six months This has actually been velloys throwing ability, the result of see plenty.”	there was ft stratum of solid chalk. pefore tiie têrms of the draft oonven-	done In quite a number of cases. On	years of practice and centuries of
Is this the	Inst	line o'	Frit/de*	Advantage of this bad been taken i»> tjon between the United States and	the other hand, the United States	heredity in knocking down their meals
trenches ?"	'the German engine era xxu yny - E, Great Britain become effective. Dur-	Government, starting much later, has	from cocoa nut trees with stones.
In^en awful' They	calmed down	a hit	the surface of the ground. Entrance'has secured 22,000 volunteers for the	about 700,000 men. and the second	tree and bring a nut down for sup-
to night You blokes is lucky com in* to these was made in the front wall of British and Canadian armies, and has draft will follow close upon the heels per. When given hand grenades it in just wen you did.”	the trench on a level with the floor, examined about 16.000 more.	of the first.	.	was found that they could place the
“I ain't got a pal left out o' my sec- Stairways just large enough to permit	1	destructive little affairs into the Hun
You'll see some of 'em. We | the passage of a man's body led tnmmam+'L " JW " wi i . »* o ' ¦ « »» 11 i \[ -ll v 111'U "U Utrenches without the frequent misses
them. The roofs wen- rvm- I y	whi,h white troops made. Practically
iy 1	^	^all colored troops from the tropics are
•> »»
mate

/


COVOANUTS AND GRENADES
A

Every pound of poultry produce raised In Canada this year will release a pound of beef or bacon overseas.

is
KFFP YOUR STOVE BRIGHl


I. « <o
cl \ use unci
i> r
•iiimmiiiiiiimimiiimuiiimiimimi
,
Shopping
tion
ain't 'ad time to bury 'em/
They were soon gone and we were forced with heavy timbers left in ignorance of the situation. We were so strongly built, throughout that knew only approximately the direction most of them were intact, although of the living enemy and the dead the passageways leading up to the epoke to us only in dumb show, telling trench were choked with loose earth, tip unspeakable things about the hor- j There were larger surface du gouts rors of modern warfare.	! with floors but slightly lower than
Fortunately for us, the tire of the that of the trench. These were evid-German batteries, during our first ently built for living quarters in times night in captured trenches, was of comparative quiet. Many of them directed chiefly upon positions to our were six feet wide and from twenty right and left.' The shells from our to thirty feet long, and quite palaces own batteries were exploding far in compared to the wretched little “funk-advance of our sector of trench, and holes” to which wo had been accus-we judged from this that we were tomed. They were roofed with logs holding what had been the enemy's a foot or more in diameter placed close last line, and that the British artillery together and one on top of the other were shelling the line along which jn tiers of three, with a covering they would dig themselves in anew. nf earth three or four feet thick. But We felt mure certain of this later in although they were solidly built they the night when working parties were Hud not been proof against the rain
Manv of them
In
&
*
L!

a
i


Big
r
Save
Food


H
i
City

M



v ‘


-a


Scarcely anything pleases a woman more than to come to the city to ah op. There are so many big stores with such endless variety and choice of everything.
Still there Is just that little drawback about where to stay. Ihe Walker House solves that problem.
It Is a home for vou while In the city, and you can have all your purchases sent direct there, where there are special facilities for looking after your parcels.
Come to the city to shop and stay at
The Walter House
The House of Plenty TORONTO, ONT.
P.S. — Special attention given to ladles and children travelling without gentlemen escorts.
rimiiimmiiiiiiiiiiimiimmiiimiiiiiiii
In a time needing food economy many people are not getting all the nourishment they might from their food.
It is not how much you eat, but how much you assimilate, that does you good.
The addition of a small teaspoonful of Bovrll to the diet as a peptogénie before meals leads to ore thorough digestion and assimilation and thus saves food, for you need less.

«


m i

r >


gent from the battalion to a point 0f High explosives twelve hundred yards in front of the were jn ruins, the logs splintered like trenches we were then holding. They kindling wood and strewn far and were to dig a new line there, to con- *over the ground, ncct with intrenchments which had \\*e found several dugouts, evidently
been pushed forward *>n either side of officer’s quarters, which	most__
luxuriously furnished. 1 here were —	1 O a I P	| work, many of whom will be amateurs.
ill
front of our position, there was a long ]eajing off* from the main trench. It Xear 1918, "he food situation ot tne^ j^ese suggestions are naturally not stretch of open country which sloped was at icast fifteen feet underground, world is not only grave to-day but it gently forward for six or eight him- wjtn two stairways leading down to it, will be increasingly so during the pro er
died yards, and then rose gradually so that if escape was cut off in one gross of the war and for u consider- i ^he primary work of the committee
hot tea	Lt Je was
they started to dig themselves m, but >h whiie again. We all agreed
unfortunate delay in getting for- ; that tliere w^re less comfortable tivation of vacant lots and home gar ward had given the enemy time to plait* in which to have breakfast on dens in many towns and cities was at
collect a strong force of local reserves i ajnv autumn mornings than German tended with highly satisfactory re-behind his second lino, \ Inch was se\ - 0pr,rVrs* dug-outs	suits. In Montreal for instance it is
tiring, and the ground in front of us wctor of frontage. Rifles, intrench- work is not only continued but ela-for nearly u mile was strewn with , tools, haversacks, canteens, great- borated upon. It is desirable that bodies._We did not learn all 1 coat9, bayonets were scattered every- this movement should be instituted
mmm mmm ?mm
benches vainly trying to get our bear- Cflr™.ing gome 0f the bayonets were citizens, including women, for orgamz--o- About one oclock, we wit- RW;e(lge(j We found three of these ing purposes. These meetings nessed the fascinating spec'at e o a ne€(jjeggjy cruel weapons in a dugout should be representative of its lead-
asasTf
:|£;r;=:
mm Ian
Hpiiieiimi
cross that fire-swept area alive, but tered logs.	continued 1	cultivate vacant lots. The import-
before many moments we heard the	'	"	^	ance of these local meetings cannot be
staccato of bursting bombs and hand	*	,	‘ too strongly emphasized. The subgrenades which meant that,»ome of	|(^ HARVESTER.	committees will attend to such duties
**	TwTwm .	-- ». th. ..curing of vacant land, get-
Irfacend' of deafening sound, then Auto Found More Useful at Thi, Work ting cultivator, interested, etc. gradually, the firing ceased, and word =	Than the Horse.	The workers should be grouped on
, ame down the line, “Counter-attack	,	, land as near their homes as possible,
against the—Guards; and jolly well, 1 bat a motor car can >e use* t0 j jn tkis connection it will be found beaten off too ” Another was at- better advantage than horses m j th&tf PXCept in rare cases, the aver-tempted before	daybreak, and	again ting ice was shown recently by a j age individual, otherwise employed,
the same	torrent of	lead,	he	same ( Massachusetts man who had a large hgg Qn,	aUfficient time and strength
mms*
ping the rear wheels with demount- j carrotflv peas, beans, lettuce, onions,
.	. .able rims in which were set two rows ni etc. These are high in
— -......» —- »
¦	were ff,xen t,me’ how* ing the marker and grooving plow.
and later was driven alongside the	_ _
open water, towing large barred cake* PT	RT I LIZE R
1 much faster than men could push ¦	—	¦» ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦”
3

%
must. ;¦%

W
US

11
J
5
intended for the experienced garden
5
618a
Send it to Parker’s
maximum.
During the last year or so the cul
x 7 OU will be astonished at the results we get by our Y modern system of dyeing and cleaning. Fabrics that are shabby, dirty or spotted are made like We can restore the most delicate articles.
an
new
Send one article or a parcel of goods by post or We will pay carriage one way, and our
Calgary had 1113 lots
gm:
¦¦lOOXi
exprès
charges are most reasonable
When you think of
CLEANING AND DYEING
think of PARKER’S
*

PE
A
>
I
IP8BB
Let us mail you our booklet of household helps we can render.
ur
PARKER'S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
CLEANERS AND DYERS 791 Yonge Street
ÎTlgS
¦••III
»
Toronto
but gou can get
the
investment Free from Dominion Income Tax
An
districts, each in charge of a chairman and a local committee
It has
Dominion of Canada 5xh% Gold Bonds
Maturing 1st December, 1922,1927 or 1937. Now
obtainable at 98% and interest. Will be accepted at 100 and interest, in the event of future issues of like maturity or longer made in Canada by the
Government.
-Denominations: $50, $100, $500, $1,000
mg


Bearer or Registered Bonds
Complete Information FurniWwd upon Request
Dominion Securities Corporation
MONTREAL BRANCH Canals Life Building
Manager
LIMITED.
President
E. A Weod v
G. A Morrew J W. Mitchell
11. Damaged Trenches
R W. Steele
HEAD OFFICE :
21 KING STREET EAST
TORONTO
Secretary
Treasurer
those who will volunteer for this
LONDON ENG , BRANCH Ne. 4 Austin Friars A L Fullerten. Manager
J. A Prater T. H. Andiron A F White
an end

Shur-Gain
them. It was found that the ice could he cut about three times as fast a* with horses.
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS. LIMITED
CANADA
Fertilizer1
WEST TORONTO
###PAGE###3###
MOTHER-WISDOM.

sm
nd
Greater Crop Yields
Forward With the Teaching of Practical Health Habits!
In 1918

•	By Helen Johnson Keyes
Why should the elementary schools the blackboard for the children to teach children the laws of health, that copy and take home study which goes by the name of the children can bring a list of the hygiene? The purpose is that they foods which #hey have eaten for the may live in a way which will make past week, the child who has eaten
most wisely receiving a brass button
In these les-
lf you cannot Increase the area of your fields In crop you can Increase the yields by means of proper fertilization.
An Increase of 8 buehela per acre In wheat yields In Ontario this spring would mean 6'/a millions of bushels more food grain.
This increase was reported In 1817 by the Ontario Agricultural College as a result of top dressing wheat In the spring with suitable fertilizer.
The Canadian Fertilizer Association announces the establishment of its Boll and Crop Improvement Bureau, under the direction of Henry 0. Bell, (a native of Ontario, and graduate of Ontario Agricultural College), formerly Professor of Agronomy at the Vnl-versdty of Maine.
The purpose of the Bureau Is to collect and disseminate practical information regarding soil tillage, fertility management and crop production.
The Bureau co-operates with all organization* working for the betterment of Canadian Farming.
In their turn
By Agronomist.
Thl$ Department It for the use of our farm readers who want the ad^* Sn expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your que»
8 of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, •tamped and addressed envelope la enclosed with your letter, a comp1* ¦newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Public'11 9 Lo» Ltd., 73 Adelaide 8t W., Toronto.
them healthy
This seems like a very simple ans- on a tiny ribbon bow__
wer but when one watches the way in 80,18 the terms calories, proteins, car-which hygiene is often taught to lit- bohydratcs and so forth should not tie children, one sees that th* reason appear. They would take the fun out for the teaching is often entirely for- of it for any child under twelve. At gotten. Tots are made to repeat sen- the elementary school age a child tences out of books which they can should be taught what to do but not not possibly understand, statements fhe science behind it. about the way the body does its work Clothing is a matter of importance . and why germs are a danger, and yet, and it is difficult to deal with in cumin the meantime, they may drink munities where some of the children
1 Anew..:—l. t*.	% Sfi Soli and Crop Improvement Bureau 25	::l *5 S t LtTÆ-
growers Of .he Fast, are large users the manure at the rate of hbout 5	OF THE	teeth.	often shows that neglect and ignor-
of fertilizers. The bean crop is a tons to the acre. If you have a ma-	' Canadian Fertilizer Association	This kind of instruction puts the ance» not poverty, are the causes of
%	~	•	r.,.-,. |	7wVifz'¦ -• t ir-i °;
plantfood. Investigation of their wheat. In view of the fact that you l&zzzm:	:	¦	¦ ¦ —— -	¦¦ ¦ -¦	¦¦	» ¦¦¦<¦¦ ¦¦ J old are not at all interested in rea*	, l^n_-n1nL ,inf	m 11
methods show that many successful, are going to seed this field to grass -----------------—»•- — ~ ~ -	---- -	:	2 sons. On the other hand, those are °.u ( ,e 8P° l*n " ,ee y M I
bean growers use from 200 to f>00 and clover, I would advise you to top-	f Afin UF11 TU AIirCTMM DAV	the golden years for teaching them matters ,,, importance are well-snapM
G00D HEALTH QUESTION box
s.	1? ,r,,"ir.'..î°so.£r t ¦	......«. « -	ff jf :ith' ‘m;r -vY4
pS	S£= SHE— nÉHrSsàH
Many successful growers apply the	G. K H.:—Please advise me if the	c]aBed	Dr, Currier will	not prescribe	for individual casee or make diagnosis. The first lesson is hygiene must	be	a	hollow	chest with forward-thrust
fertilizer through the fertilizer at-	culture for inoculating alfalfa sold in	Address Dr. Andrew F.	Currier, care	of Wilson Publishing Co , 73 Adelaide	a clean	achoolhouae. No lesson	re-	aun„u.in	f..llIprl nn,i a11finpriHfirq
tachment of the grain drill 7 bottles i8 a success? What kind of St. West. Toronto.	J garding germs will have the effect on which do rot t t thc hJ?, w of
mm iiiE	ms
plied with the grain drill at planting lieve the Bacteriological Department the dieeaee last?	breast bone projects and the chi.d be- ghou,d gUrt a pt,rsonal inspection two fresh air is necessary to health II
k srsr r s.	=.	s ». s.:. =:	s,r	—
fertilizer for medium	loam soil, car- tend to	be as strorig in germinating tissues of	the body, and chiefly leaves delivery of offspring,	if impregnation ag tQ praige thoge who are clean	when the	necessity of fresh airdur-
ries 3 to 4 per cent, ammonia, 4 to 8 quality. The oat crop, I am afraid, '*» mark on the bones—which it should ever occur.	I goon a pride will develop and clean ing sleep is mentioned, the amount of
-t, s.’zrjttjar*, =
There is no way of finding out wheth- rather recommend about a bushel and year, but the bone deformities appear ed; they are also sensitive to [(e applied for the use of those who matter of clean, well-aired
er wheat has been killed or not, until	a peck of barley seed per acre instead	later.	bronchitis and croup, and die from	are not	to t^e gtandard
there has been sufficient growing	of oats. I know a successful alfalfa	U Is	caused by food	which is not	| these diseases more frequently than	Bpecti()n	may be made almogt like	a	beds	and the	personal toilet,
weather to allow for the germination grower in Wisconsin who never at- assimilated, but also by neglect of children who have better physical de- game and ghou]d be kept thoroughly By the time children are eleven or
of the crop. Do not be in too great a , tempts to get a goof catch of alfalfa thl?km’ ^ad	but	Vcl|°P"?ent' .	.	..	.. r 1 good-natured so as not to hurt the twelve years old, practical lessons ir
hurry to plow up your winter wheatI without applying 250 pounds of fertl- The child of the poor have it, but If they reach maturity, they are prjde of the pupils or of their families, domestic science should begin, includ In view	of the shortage of	lizer per acre. This available plant-	so do those of the rich.	short	and poorly formed and their	A badge, such as a piece of brightly	ing the boys. The care of foods
food	cereals, It	is my opinion that	food gives the young crop	a strong,	In the great European cities one	limbs	often reveal the marks of	colored ribbon, may be given as a	water and milk, sanitary ways of
Ontario farmers would do well to put vigorous start. The fertilizer for ! sees it everywhere. _ The urineiof dwease.	prize each week to the class having cleaning and the care of clothes may
in a conservative acreage of spring this purpose should analyze 2 to 3 rhachltic children contains phosphates Rhachitic children should be taken the best record for cleanness.	all be taught by "doing" Wher
wheat.	per cent, ammonia. 8 to 10 per cent. | abundance and thc bones bemg de- to the mountains or sea-shore, If pos- By Netful questions, the teacher' there is no second room in the school-
t.	C.:—I have 8 acres of wheat	available phosphoric acid,	and pos-	^^nt in lime, bend and break easily,	sihle,	and should have abundance	of	can find out wbat foodg the children	house where such work may be per
that was sown In	good time but didn't	sibly 1 per cent, potash.	It can be	. Rhachitic children have soft spots	good	plain food which they can	as-	eat- when she Is supplied with this	formed, mothers are often willing U
get a very big top. Would it be advla- applied with the fertilizer dropper of the bones of the skull, and the emulate—which will be Indicated by knowledge she can draw some day on take turns in allowing the demonstra able to top-dreaa with manure on the the grain drill at the time the alfalfa membranous portions of the skull, the change in their stools and in their | the b]ackboard a picture of a sheep tions to be held in their kitchens, snow? Now, I am going to seed this is sown, or broadcasted like lime and where you notice throbbing and pul- general nutrition.	and another of a goat. Under the Very little scientific knowledge of
field In the spring, and I thought of then harrowed into the soil just bo- sation in an infant, and which ought Fats in the form of cod liver oil, or sheep> gbe may write down the foods hygiene and physiology is necessary getting some kind, of fertilizer, then 1 fore the seed Is sown.	to harden-during the first few months olive oil, should be given them; also which are good for children and un- to most people. The laws according
ZSEsm-sisif “-F FE^Ev'E	szk. %% vz^zs:
being firmly united, are loose and eas- mechanc.al apparatus 1, important to the instruction which will not be there tion is accomplished are of interest
s. -.	.: SEES EE ' îEEEEEHs s tSr BHE ; EiaiSH II=
ize the sole with a red	hot	iron or	him, he becomes fretful, gets	2-Do	you advise an X-ray exam- blnat,on8 01 I00d can	66 wr,tten on hygiene,
with some strong caustic.	We usual-	diarrhoea and this alternates with	ination?
ly employ terchloride of antimony, or constipation.	Answer—It is sometimes possible
full strength formaldehyde to start «He is sensitive, cries when touched, to tap the skull and draw off some with, and if that does	not	suffice	his diarrhoea is offensive, the appear-	fluid in	this condition—which	is
change to chromic acid,	or	strong	ance of his teeth is delayed, and when	known as	“Hydrocephalus.” But	un-	JH
nitric acid. After applying the they break out, they are irregular and less skilfully done, this is likely to do	Raising Lambs by Hand.	Our meat supply is short and more
caustic, oakum saturated with tine-	of poor quality,	harm—and even when skilfully done,	When raising lambs by hand the	poultry will help solve the problem,
ture of iron, or a solution of two	When he begins	to walk, the weak-	it is	by no means always	successful,	only caution is: Do not feed too	More poultry means more eggs and
ounces of sulphate of copper (blue-	ness of the bones of the legs becomes	The	condition is usually	a hopeless	much. A baby lamb should receive	more eggs and poultry meat means «
stone) to the pint of hot water, is	apparent and they	bend or break eas-	one.	only a few spoonfuls of fresh cow’s	greater food supply. Poultry' can be
bound upon the sole in such a way as ily; the joints are weak and he falls 2—There would be no harm in hav- milk. When a couple of days old raised at lower cost and brought tc to cause firm pressure, for pressure frequently.	ing an X-ray examination.	give one-fourth pint, which should maturity quicker than any other kind
is absolutely necessary. The dress-	___ gradually increase to one-half pint 0f ]|ve stock.
powders also are useful, such as a	When sewing on hooks and eyes, Ior eacn one *"P*™*f.	may have a pint of milk.	the^ are at ,east two weeks old
mixture of equal quantities of calomel, Pia * tape measure where the hooks	-—	So much for quantity; now for feed-	nim, N iif vmir_ rh-
subnitrate of bismuth and tannic acid are to go and sew on hooks an inch You are not saying smart things jng times. The first three weeks, feed E"°r"1 ’ Vn \ uiLwi^them or burnt alum, or a cheaper mixture apart, then pin the tape measure when you say things that make other regularIy every three hours during are lost e >ear >	*
of slaked lime, alum, sulphur and on opposite sides and sew on the eyes. | people smart.	the day; after this feed every four to 1,1 n	g ‘s g
charcoal. Naphthalin sometimes is	¦____- —-----------------' -—" hours. When they begin to eat ear y \c*	. . ,	.	,	.
ndded.	............. , — ——— ¦	>	' grass, feed morning, noon and night, Eliminate the male bird at end or
• and finally drop the noon feeding. hatching season. Many million dol-I I always use bottle and nipple to l®rs are each year by allowing the : feed with until the lambs learn to i rooster to run with the hens during
the summer months. Produce the
H. J. S.:—I had a field of beans good with the disk drill, running the !**# year, would it be all right to put disks light, and sowing the fertilizer in beans this year again? Is fertilt*- at the same time. If you think this er any good for growing beans? 2. would he all right, would you advise What percentage .should fertilizer sowing the same way this wheat is ha» for growing tobacco? 3. Is sowed or go crossways? there any way of finding out if the	Answer:—I believe you would do
winter wheat has been killed before well to top-dress your spring wheat spring comes? Would it be ad vis- with manure or fertilizer. Indications able to sow spring wheat?
Writê for bulletin, “How to Increase Ontario Crop Yield».**
Other
night
This in- clothes, well-aired and neatly made
field
(land-plaster) and bedded with sawdust or plnning-mill shavings.
Canker is best treated by the train-
Dry Stables, Sound Feet
Every practical horseman knows that the disease known as thrush is caused by allowing the horse to stand
one
stand that canker of the frog and sole is caused in the same way, says a veterinary surgeon.
Thrush is characterized by inflammation of the fine skin between the toes in cattle; pus forms and tends to underrun the horny wall of the foot. In horses the frog is the part affected, and its cleft, normally shallow, becomes deep and exudes a thin, foul-smelling liquid. Gradually the frog becomes rotten and loose and the disease may spread to the surrounding parts; lameness is rare.
Canker of the frog, and sole, differs from thrush in that the horn of the •ole becomes soft or spongy and readily bleeds when cut. In canker, the sensitive tissue (pododerm) of the sole, which ordinarily is covered with •olid horny tissue, seems to have taken the place of the solid material.
The sole is made up of sprouting fungous tissue and is extremely sensitive and vascular. If it be cut away It may grow again in a single night and the entire affected part is covered with a stinking fluid.
Prevention is all important in these, point is in most homes the fire-place, diseases. Stable management should Hence its location and construction be such that no horse is allowed to are of vast importance in building a stand for any length of time in wet home, and filth. In horse stables where the manure is removed "now and then," the "nows" and the "then*" sometimes coming months apart, so that the horse has to jump into bed centre of a wall space, either on one over a high barrier of manure, it is side or at one end of the room. Select little wonder that the animal con- the space which wifi permit the great-tracts thrush or canker.	est number of people to sit around it.
In the construction of the fireplace you must not forget that its chief purpose is for a fire. The more simple

à
FUNNY
The Centre of Hospitality.
The centre of hospitality in the home is that point about which the family itself gathers most often. This
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED LINES
drink. Where one has a large num ber, feeding from a pan	is more tedi-	infertile	egg. Dispose of	the ma.e
ous, as each lamb must	have a sepa-	b^d not	later than June 1.	Market a
rate pan, and milk must be measured, better quality of eggs, for some drink faster than others. | Green feed is excellent for poultry Feeding too much	will produce	and can	be substituted for	a consid-
the	quantity of	erable amount of the grain ration.
I

>•

t
Lessen
The fireplace, if there is only one, should be in the living-room, for there the family and friends can enjoy it most
scours.
milk and give a dose of castor-oil Grow oats, vetch, and rape for sum-(one teaspoonful) followed by ten mer use; cabbage and mangel beets drops of ginger extract. In severe for winter. Store cabbage and beets cases increase the dose and give in a dry room or bury in a pit and cov-browned flour gruel. To liven weak, er with straw and earth, chilled Iambs give a little milk, and Save eggs during April and May keep them in a warm room. If lambs for winter use by preserving in water
.	quarts
! boiled and cooled, with one quart of
Will rreserve fifteen

t
i
/»
4
:
It should be located in the
l!

k\ •
V

look droopy and walk stiffly, give glass
castor-oil.	!
I have had lambs brought me which water^lass were wet and chilled, and appeared dozen eggs dead. I pour a spoonful of milk down their throats and lay them on jar. Store in cool place for winter the furnace register. In a few hours use. they get up and walk.	Poultry meat can be raised quicker
I feed the lambs for about three than any other kind of meat and could skim-milk the last two be made a most important source of
| supply for the nation [ is started in March the surplus roost-in Canadian cities 28 per cent, of ers may be dressed for meat in July the buildings In business districts arc at fancy prices and egg laying will beef frame or brick veneer, whilst in gin in September, residential districts the proportion is 60 per cent.
"The world is always romantic if you have the three gifts needful to make it so—faith and sense of beauty Better than and the tense of humor.”—Henry ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED
CANADA
- I
Treatment of thrush consists in removing the cause, cleansing the affect ed foot thoroughly, then cutting
away all loose, rotten and underrun *ke l‘nes of construction, the better horn of the frog and on each side of taste is displayed, and the more room it, and packing the cleft of the frog °Pen Eire recei ces. full of calomel, or a mixture of There is a 8reat variety of mater-calomel, powdered wood charcoal, i*l* suitable for a fireplace, and your subnitrate of bismuth and slaked lime, individuality and taste can be well ex This is to be covered with oakum, pressed in this important factor of the upon which pine tar has been spread, home. Brick, tile, wood, and many and the dressing is to be renewed at substitutes may be used. These intervals of three or four days. The offer great possibilities both for good stall floor should be kept clean, color and design, and lend themselves sprinkled with slaked lime or gypsum t0 any s*>^c architecture.

>
Place the solution in a five gallon
%

1


//


months; months.

i
I
If breeding
3u
1
I
i


Lloyd George recently .declared that the British have 2.000,000 horses engaged in this warHHHHJHH that on the whole Western front the number of horses and mules in service is dose upon 6,000,000..
FERTILIZER PAYS
tÎAltMA
Fertilizer
Shur Gain
On the base# Willie's fine.
It is estimated
ever. Write for Bulletin
Harland.
WEST TORONTO
1
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE- OF MEETINGS
ORANGE Mil, SHAWVIUE :
A considerable imml>er of men who come within or near the age limit which Visas l call A for have Ken placed in rather embarrassing positions of late by not having in possession their exemption palters, or birth or marriage certificates, as the case may demand, when accosted by members of the Military Police, whose duty it i> to round up deserters or exnders of the draft law. A great many are ignorant of the fact that it is necessary to have these d h*u ments at hand at all time the neglect of ftirnidmig pc.pie with sufficient notice warning them to lie so prepares I ; that seems to have Ken left to the new spa (a rs, yet not read the papers closely and there arc otlierf who do not read them at all. The
that when Mi .V P.
has left or who
THE EQUITY.
o
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 4, 1918.
o. Y. B. IX)DOB. No. 304, meets tnd Wednesday of each month at b p. m.
K. 8. H. Workman, W. E. N. Ilona inn W. M.	Bee. Secy.
CANADA
The supreme command of all the Mlied forces in France has been placed the hands of General Foch, the dis-gushed French military strategist.
Military Service Act
t,. o. L. No. 87. meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
IIkhb Hoiwins W. M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
Il N Hoi
W. Cmop. In t om
Reg. Honninh, Secy.
i
Important Announcement to All
I’he tv is talk now of organizing a mk battalion in Canada. The nu n such a unit, it is explained, would l»e small in stature, with a knowledge of mechanic* and profit in machine gunnery.

wii.g to
EXEMPTED MEN
Ren. Hodt.in# Com. Scribe,
I
IV to
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING I
111
and to the Public Generally
•od many do
Latest news from the western sent of l shows that while there has been rifie fighting at different i«oints, the I rive has not progressed to any o at extent since last week
late developments Canadian sol i ve played u brilliant put
N dealing with the very large number of claims for exemption B brought forward for consideration in connection with Class 1 under the Military Service Act, it has occurred, as was inevitable, that as a result of false statements and difficulties put in the way of investigation, some individuals have secured exemption whose proper place is in the Army.
It is not the intention of the Government to allow these men to evade permanently their obligation to bear their part in the military detente of the Country and of the ideals for which we arc lighting. To do so would defeat the purpose of the Act, and cause grave injustice to men in the second class necessarily called out to fill their places.
Exemptions Granted on False Grounds
It is, therefore, proposed to scrutinize carefully all exemptions granted to date order to separate those which have been granted on false or insufficient grounds from those that-are well founded.
With this object in view the various Registrars under the Military Service Act have been instructed to issue a series of questionnaires to exempted These questionnaires must be filled up correctly and returned promptly under penalty of forfeiture of exemption for failure to do so.
Exempted Men Who Have Changed Address
It la therefore important in their own interest that all exempted men who have changed their address since their exemption was granted and who have not already notified the Registrar of such change should notify him at Under the Regulations it is the duty of exempted men to keep the Registrar advised of any change of address, and failure to receive the questionnaire by reason of neglect of this duty must be treated as equivalent to failure to return the questionnaire after receipt.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday,
ot each month.
consequence t' spot* an unfortunate chap wl hia exemption paper* at lion has not taken the trouble to resurrect
i
n
In some
his birth or marriage certificate, he is promptly taken in tow uni i into khaki before he fully has 1 ipt ened I his h i cases to considerable annoyance and inconvenience Were the part) vould get a c hance t<* establish hi' bona tides; and it does not appear that he is altogether at fault. Ordinarily people io i rule take some little time t*» become conversant with new laws, and when tin ordinance such a> that referred to is, as it were, sprung upon them over night, they are naturally at sea. In view of the experiences of others, our advice is : If you ire in the military age don't hit the pike for anywhere without King armed with the necessary papers or the ubiquitous M. 1\ may gather you in.
i
tl
bucked >* what

i
i
m some
forcement of the Military JService ii ijuvUv city, a few days ago, in a er not too tactful. Uni to grave dis-mvs iu that city, where the coro-ry service measure is anything but lopular. Rioting of \ serious character evehqivcl and the officers of th * law a me in for a rough handling, while the rity polive winked the othei eye. The myor w vs unablg to cope with the situ -limi, and after considerable property ad Ken wrecked and some people in -! mil, it was found expient to send a itlitai > force to take the matter in baud, and since then the trouble ha.' noted off some, although filing runs high. The rioters and those in sympathy with them resent the presence of Ontario troops and have demanded their withdrawal. The teachings of Rouraw re evidently bearing fruit.
1
V
rba

LOCAL AGENT WANTED
— FOR—
Shawville and District
TO FELL FOR
The Old Reliable Foothill Nurseries.
Splendid iUt of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. lVlti. Including many varieties which we alone control
in
men
new
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; alao agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal coinmission*.
Bristol School Commissioners
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1K17)
once
Bristol, March 15, 101 s. The Public School Commissioners of Bristol met on the above date. ITe Chairman Hoes and Commis-
Ontario
Torontc
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cun it La burly Used With Very Great
Success.
i.t
doners Horner, McLeod and Campbell.
Minute* of last meeting read and :td< Dtedon motion of com. Horner. Motion — Com. Me land — That the
foil w ;iu bill- U |«id ne.S', board of Commissioners to (Lite. #18.00 ; dunies Gordon, 13j? cords wood, No. 3, 37.03 : F. McKee, l 8 eds. wood, No. 1. 36.00 ; «F McNeill, supplies and caretaking No. i< 14.35 ; I*. Gallagher, work it No. 0., 3S.00 ; H. Beattie, 7 eds. w.«ed No. 7, 88.75 ; J. Oliver & Son, t» desks for No. 0 School, 39.00 ; J. W. Horner, book ca^e for No. 10, 18.00; N. Cole, ea retaking and cleaning No. 5, 13.'*0 ; l>. Sheppard, cleaning No. I,
H.	G. Noting, work and sup o. 1, 5.00 ; II. G. Hod gins, door
I.	4.00 ; W. Boss, 18cd'. wood, 40.(N) ; M. Drummond, sweeping
L. McWhliter, sweeping and washing towels, 3.85 ; Sam r. 10 eds. hardwood. No. 10, 30.00
10 7.00
The Daylight-saving Bill introduced n the Government this session, while lecting with some pretty*tiff opposi-i 'ii in the House of Commons is likely » 1 «evoine the law of the country l«efore ! i:.g. The main idea of the bill k to end the lalsuing classes to work an lour earlier in the morning in • ider that they may lay off one hour virlier, and thus have several hour->.««0(1 clear daylight during the long 'iinmier evenings to till their gardens or ¦ alulge in other recreative pursuits. Farmers, e*i»eeially those in the W*st, bjeet to the measure because they con tend that nothing can K done during the early morning hours owing to tilt-dew : but on the other hand, represent -tties of artisan class seem t«« think it will ojierate beneficially. A trial of the ill should afford the best evidence of vhvther it will be an advantage or not.
Citizens Urged to Assist
In many instances information has been furnished by members of the public which has led to the cancellation of exemptions obtained by false or misleading statements. Further co-operation of this character is invited. The Government regard it as the Duty of all loyal citizens, not only to the Country, but to the men at the front, to assist in this way in securing reinforcements just and legal basis. Correspondence of this character will be treated as strictly confidential and will receive the fullest investigation.
Mrs. Hark
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it ia highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loan of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five dose* will remove the trouble.
A. 1 Mill- grocer and baker, Ken
in \ shoulders r. r over a year. I need two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free from all pain and stiffness
V. McCabe, K. M. l>. No. », Renfrew, writes : u I was troubled with rheuma tism for over fifteen year , and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.
Mis. Harry Grace, 300 Flaunt St.,
" 1 was troublea for
on a
CHARLES J. DOHERTY,
Minister of Justice.
Correspondence should be directed to F. A. Labelle, Esq., Deputy Registrar under the Military Service Act, Hull, Que.
402S
INI
l had rheumatism in
plie* N for No.
N •.
No. 4, 4.0V

N
Hon
x.ftWOi "1
FOR SALE


i
FINANCIAL STATEMENT
of the Municipal Corporation of the County of Pontiac for the year ended 31st
December, 1917.
i
l Massey Harris Hinder 1 Hay Loader 1 Disk Harrow
1 set Double Driving Harness I Cream Separator 1 Range
1 Sewing Machine 1 Lawn Mower
MHS. JAS. WILSON,
Shawville
“4	.	,
T. Henderson, work and supplie* No. *•.
"V, 1.3(1.
That the
report of Inspector Honey man re. condition of Nn 9 K accepted ; also that Insi>ect'»r Honey man be invited to attend i joint meeting of No. 9 and adjacent school divisions to be held at a later date t<» consider the amalgamation of several divisions.
Motion — Com.,McLeod — That the Secretary advertise at the usual time and in the usual way for nine qualified teachers for the school year 1918-1919.
Motion Com. Horner — That this ft >ifi'd do now adjourn.
VY.'tO : .U A. Cowan, stationer Motion- Com. CampKIl—
Renfrew, writes years w ith indigestion and tried all kind* of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kulne) Cure completely cured me.
Mr. P. M. Robertson, Renfrew writes : “ I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.’
Sufferer* should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw ville Drug Co., Shaw ville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta-or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 896, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 7f>c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover |X>stage.
The first re 1*0rt* of the big Hun drive t week included a statement also hat Paris had Ken bombarded by a t)steri«ms gun with a range h les
French capital, doing little damage, it is * aid, and the extreme long ranger w as not heard of again for three or four days, when the performance w.is re ideated. On Gi**l Friday, however, it _ot in its murderous work by dropping v shell on the roof of a church that was nlled with worshippers, with appalling esults, seventy-five persons King killed %nd ninety others wounded.
The latest rumor regarding this gun > that it is the invention of two Spaniards who were taken to the Krupp works two years ago in a German submarine and they have occupied the time rince then in jierfccting the invention. Naturally a great deal of sjpeculation is rife among artillery experts as to the haracter of this undoubtedly surprising weapon.
A>
RECEIPTS
*7-4
f
« a
Five nr six shells fell in the
I 2 to 90
10218 53 2096 V, 147 93 8576 87 371 58 78 53
Cash balance on hand from 1916......................
44 received on acct. of Sinking Fd. levied for 1917
" k* “	“ rt arrears...........
44 interest on Co. Rate levied for 1917 ..
14	64 arrears..........!.
44 interest on.. maintenance of insane pa
FOR SALE
At
1 stack of Clover Hay,
1 span Horses, about 8800 It»., young and sound;
1 Holstein Bull, (reg.) rising 2 years; 50 White Leghorn Hens,
1 McCormick Seeder, (14 disc) as good as new ; also a quantity of good seed potatoes. HUGH BROWNLEE, R. R. No. I, Shaw ville.
U
G. T. Drvmmunh
Sec Ti
wa
80 00
tient» in asylums..........................
received on acct. of interest on Sinking Fund,
Rank of Ottawa,...........................
received on acct. of interest on Co. Rate Acct. Merchants Bank............................
t‘d>
3910 46
BRISTOL MINES
c:> 15
Welcome Spring is trying to make it* appearance once more, and everyone appreciates it after the long, cold w in-
-DISBURSEMENTS^
Paid Bank of Ottawa interest coupons on Railway
DeKntures ....................
“	u	“ jK'rmaneut Sinking Fund..........
"	“	“ commissions on interest coupons
4* H. A. St. Pierre & Martin J. Griffin, auditing
books and accounts, #f> each...............
61 Alphonse Mignault, K«ard of William Bob... " J. A. Cowan, printing re. By-laws 54, 55, & 56
41 minutes during 1917.......
undry local secretaries and others -posting
notices of By-laws 55 and 56................
Legal Blank Printing Co., new Valuation Rolls Stephen Smith, maintenance of insane for 1916
Macdonald Demonstrator of Agriculture........
A. J. McDonald, legal services re. By-laws 55
and ........................................
Bernard Mullin, services re. Proudfobt vs. Laporte, Leggo, intervenant, and Co. Pontiac
mis en cause................................
Geo. C. Wright, K. C., cost* re. Proudfoot vs. Laporte, Leggv intervenant, and Co. Pontiac
in is-en-cause.........;................
I). R. Barry, K. C., conta re. Proudfoot vs. La porte, Leggo intervenant, and Co. Pontiac
m is-en cause...............................
United States Guaranty Co., premium on Sec.-
Treas’ Guarantee Bond.......................
H. A. St, Pierre, fees re. arrest Win. Holtz-
Sheriff Sloan, transport to asylum ..........
Canadian Patriotic Fund......................
44 Red Cross Society..............'.......
Co. Pontiac Ag. Socs. Nos. 1 and 2, #100 each Sundry parties, expenses re. Masham-Onslow
town line...................................
James Hope & Sons, stationery. ..............
Hospitals : Ville Marie, #20 ; Renfrew, #20, Pembroke (2) #60 each ; Ottawa (2) #50 each
Mayor of Halifax, Relief Fund................
Thos. Sloan, re. Litchfield-Mansfield w. course G. E. Moreney, P. L.S., and others re. Claren
doo-Litchfitrid town line ..................
Wm. Bolam, salary a» special constable, 1917
H. T. Hurdman, salary as Sec.-Treas. (#500)
postage, telephoning, etc., (#29.05).......
Cash balance on hand 31st DecernKr, 1917..........
32*J 0 5 2023 54
ter
$ 9639 25 6699 72 24 14
We are glad to see that Mr. James Sylvester i* able to be out once more after King under the doctor's care for some time.
Mr. Dan McNeil was renewing old acquaintances on the Steele Line last Sunday
Policeman Roy j»aid a flying visit to his home here this week.
Mr. George Sylvester has got employment at the Steele Line Mines and some of the girls are wearing long faces ever since.
$25786 20 $25786 20
Examined and found correct.
Martin J. Griffin, Auditor Bryson, Que., 22nd February, 1918.
10 00 83 25 62 68 18 26
Statement of Amounts paid by the several Local Municipalities on Sinking Fund and County Rate Accounts during thk Year 1917 i
Municipality
»
47 75 13 94 1798 93 300 00
Co. Rate. Total
Sink. Fund
Mr. McKay, the Federal memKi for Missisquoi, wants to cut out the agri-ultural fairs as one means of assisting o win the war, and has given notice hat he intends introducing the follow-ng resolution :
u That it is of the greatest import-nice that all measures tending to in reuse agricultural production or for onserving agricultural labor should K aken by the Government in the interets of the allies and of Canada's wholehearted participation iu the winning of he war, and that as a means to this -nd all exhibitions and fairs throughout he country should K prohibited for he present year.
Mr. McKay will get a chance of show-i>g why, in his opinion, this course diould K taken, but he is not likely to much support. By this time nearly dl the societies have their plans for the tall fairs well under way, and if this drastic step were taken it would possibly have a bad effect upon the future operation* of these organizations.
$ 68 46 $	254 25
262 66 1223 28 3078 00 159 04 1222 02 681 12 221 59 631 52 4138 16 95 64 618 45 1664 21 563 47 1142 39 773 65 1557 37
$	185 79
151 65 706 10 1771 20 91 84 703 84 439 88 127 7ft 300 00 2389 84
A Id Held..........
Alleyne dr Cawood Allumette Island ..
Bristol............
Bryson.............
Calumet Island.....
CampKlls Bay-------
Chapeau...........
Chichester.........
Clarendon..........
Doriun.............
Fort Cou longe.....
Litchfield.........
Leslie, Claphain, etc Mansfield dr Onslow North. . Onslow South.. Portage du Fort
Miss Geraldine Milk* is spending her vacation at the Mines Kfore leaving for Orillia, Ont.
A nuniKr of our young |>eople took a flying trip to Arnprior on Tuesday last, and some of them didn't come home the way they went.
We are glad to learn that Mr. Billie Sylvester is improving some. Hope to see you out won, Bill.
Miss May Ade has returned home ti"ui visiting friends in Quyon and Ons*
\11	\| n> Roy at present i
friends in the city. Honey Bunch.
Ill 00 517 18 1306 80 67 20 519 19 *21
93 84 331 52 1748 52 95 64 308 60 542 74 149 97 297 63 273 65 907 37
100 00
5 00
144 00
119 00
249 83 1121 47 413 50 844 76 500 00 630 00
10 00
low
5 00
Pontt fi . '
63 30 1200 00 2000 00 200 00
768 55
1201 72 382 0! 573 47 277 07
324 74 509 66 213 64 242 31 117 07

443 91 092 06 168 37 331 16 160 00
yon
For Service
Che*ter White Hog for service.
pf:tP:rvbkWnlee.
3th Range. Clarendon
wville....
Sheen, Esher, etc
ThorneHpiJj^l
Waltham dr Bryson
56 25
12 00
• •
win
240 00 100 00 15 00
:»2
$9026 98 $21499 63
$12462 65
Martin T, Griffin,
Auditor.
Examined *nd certified correct. Bryson, Que., 22nd February. 1918
239 15 13 00
Equity /^dvts. Pay.
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
What Will the Harvest Be 7 Few Americana are aware that they live In a country Inclosed In a circle of mines and nets, writes Nlksah ; yet such Is the case. Since the declaration of war the nary department has been sowing the waterways and harbors of the country with means of destruction. In harbors nets designed to catch submarines are the chief reliance, while In rivers the channels are planted with mines,
HUSBAND THE BETTER LOVER
TU is is the store that can supply you with your requirement# in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqametware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavetrougbing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.
4 WHàl, Journal da.eted ta I earn lu tirait».
PaUUkid every Tker.de j
/\t Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
NEW
Give usa call
AVUdBîPTîOW, $1 a YKAn IN ADVANCE
tW All srreant mu»t be paid up before «tny paper Is discontinued,
ADVKUTISING BATHS.
EASTER GLOVES
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
La«tl advertising, 10cent* per line for l„t Insertion And 3 cent# per lino or each
subsequent insertion	\
11 ihiuess cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the 4 Ate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion viid 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In-*( ructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub dished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
He Is Practical, Demonstrating His Af« fection In Deed# Rather Than In Words.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G. W. DALE
Invariably the radiantly happy mafr-rleil woman of fifty has adopted the man’ll point of view regarding her life. The average man I» a better lover than the average woman, because he loves practically, mhowing affection in acts rather than In words. From the beginning his home is his Inventive to effort. Sometimes, after marriage, as demands increase, he becomes so engrossed in his purpose that lie forgets to talk of love.
Then it is that the wife, who has smali understanding of lovo In action, pines because she is sure he has grown cold. No, he Is at fever beat, lest he fall in providing physical proof of his affection.
The woman who finds happiness.IE married life has a sufficiently masculine outlook to understand him. She, Instead of brooding over imaginary slights, in return proves her devotion by work. Her domestic duties are dignified by love, consequently she cam fix her thoughts upon something diverting while she mends socks, forgetting the commonplace.
She can hear the song of the bird or think of the story she read last evening while she does the work of the absent cook. To hkr It Is a Joy to plan attractive meals that will add te the efficiency of her loved ones. T has a profession—home making. Pittsburgh Dispatch.
As Easter always suggests new Gloves, we are offering for your approval an excellent assortment of materials and styles.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Ladies’ Kid Gloves
In colors of grey, tan, white and black—
at $1.75 per pair.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly *nd
Orders by mall
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
«cheaply • executed, promptly attended to.
Professional Cards.
Washable Gloves
. White Doe Skin Gloves—washable—very dainty and still a good wearer. $2.00 a pair.
Custom Sawing1.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
SURGEON DENTIST
. Qvk.
Campbblls Bat •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
Doctor o^Dental* Surgery. University of
ILlce*ntlatent)f De n tal Surgery. Quebec
Stuedetex
This is of Lisle Thread, splendid wearing quality—washable-some plain, some fancy backs. Colors white, pongee, buck chamois,
at $1.00 per pair.
Ottawa- Montreal via Short Line : Lv (1$) Ottawa Central 9.13, a. ui Lv (B)	“	“	3.30, j>. m,
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.40, p. ni Lv Ottawa Broad St. 8.23, a. in
She
S. A. MACK AY
Tuesday, Thursday,
on
and Saturday only.
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.2*, a. m. Ottawa—Toronto ;
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. ft. 53, a. m Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, p. m
OttA W A—\VlNNIrRti—VANCOL VER :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St. 20'», a. in.

RUSSIA, COUNTRY OF FAMINE
NOTARY PUBLIC
- - - Que.
Shawville,
Peasants, Next to Orientals, Are Regarded as the Hungriest People on Face of Globe.
Men’s Gloves Just Arrived
Grey Swede, Dog Skin, Chamois. Different sizes. $1.50 to $2.00 a pair.
>
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
9
Next to the proletariat of India and China, the Rinmian pensant feeU the pinch of poverty and hunger more keenly and more frequently than an? other citizen on earth, the National Oleographic magazine aeserts.
One of the earliest famines in Rue-lia of which there is any definite record was that of 1600. which continued for three yearn, with nedeath toll of Province of Quebec 1	I W.OUO peasants. Cats, dogs and rats
SL„*,o. COLT. %%
anally and inher capacity of tutrix I Thl,y ,)(.(.lirreil ln 1881. 1906 and
MeîïJt'LHÙttrHaJ Kley.1 ‘ ‘ |
1 ’ Government allotted nearly $125,000^* 100 for relief work, but the sums were CLEMENT A. FOSTER. Mine Owner,, l0t judiciously expended, of the Township of Onslow, in tic The famIne 0f 1911 extended over
IL f iant^ I me.third of the area of the empire la The di fendant i> ordered to appear | Europe and affected one
Bryson, March 28th, 191ft.
ALPHONSE MARTI NEAT,
P. S. I
Ottawa—Pembroke ;
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âo.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. m.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. ft.OO, a. m. on Monday, Wednesday
and Saturday only.
Noth :	(A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Daily except Monday
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
C. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.
CE0.0.WRICHT.K.C.
A 1 V 0 OAT* , BAWMISTEe. AO-
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
Province of Quebec, j District of Pontiac. J No. 2072. I
196 Main St. • Hull.
In*TS* Circuit Court. KUCHER MOUSSEAU, Agent, of
Fort Coulonge, district of Pontiac.
Plaintiff,
.PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted)
Highest Njarket Prices Paid.
I have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned while you wait, at 10c. per cwt. for coarse grains.
Never in the history ot our country was it more necessary to sow good seed and to sow only that which will grow.
Get your seed ready before the rush. You will need every hour in seed time.
V.H
PHILIA8 LAROCQUE, formerly of village of Fort Con longe, district of Pontiac, and now of j»arts unknown.
Defendant.
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
JBrvson, 7th March, 1918.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU,
C. C. c.
vs
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed osday and Shawville every Saturday.
district of Pontiac,
Devlin St. Marie & Ducios
or lea#
more
10,000,000 people, while 8.000.000 were •educed to starvation. Weeds, th# >ark of trees and bitter bread mad# Yom acorns constituted the chief diet •or the destitute. This was the most widespread and most severe fa min# which has befallen a European uti(| lern times.
ADVOCATES, SOUCITOIS, Ec.
101 MAIN ST.f
Will attend Courts and Business in tlte |>>ovinoe 0f Quebec,
District of Pontiac.	| District of Pontiac.
No. 2071.
HULL
l
DOG TAX NOTICE
Notice U hereby given to all living in tnc Municipality
WM. HODGINS.
In the Circuit Court.
THE FROST & WOOD CO , Limited, a body politic and corporate and duly incorporated, having its princifial place of business at Smiths Falls, in the Province of Ontario,
Plaintiff'.,
!
GEORGE E. MORENGY
n
MV1»
First Woman Doctors.
The first woman admitted to th# Boole Medectne. the famous Paris medical college, who also the first to be-member of the New York Acad-
E. T. HODGINS. «ny of Medicine, was Dr. Mary Put-
Set.-Treae. ism Jacobi, who was bora In Londo#
__ seventy-five years ago. She was th#
— laughter of George P. Putnam, the New York publisher, and studied la
Italy's Atrial Tramway#. ~ lèverai American school» hefQre tak-Before the war the aerial tramway ng her degree In Paris in 1871 Two was utilised ln various parts of th# years later she became the bride of world for transporting materials across Dr. Abraham Jacobi, a native of Oer-chaama and up mountain sides, but ij uany, who fled that country when remained for the Italians to adapt II charged with “high treason- for par-to their necessity of negotiating the tldpaUon in a German revolutionary j sheer height# in Alpine warfare, BC- Movement, and. settling in New York,
e National Geographic >ecame one of the most distinguished
Dr. Mary
persons
ot Clarendon, who own dogs, that taxes on same are now due, and must be paid to the undersigned before May 1st, next.-dogs 81.00, bitches $4.00 each.
•OWNION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots. Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, «c.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
•ome a
vs
executed carefully to the catlcfac- pHILIAS LAROCQUE, formerly of
tlon of parti##.	village of Fort Coulonge, district ot
162 WELLINGTON St. - - Hull, Pontiac, and now of parts unknown, PUoae : Queen 5*0.	______ ?he	h
within one month.
GEORGE HYNESl ¦mjgSafflS.uu,
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
c. c. v
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
fersonalattention.Openallhours.
a m
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac No. 22.
cording to
Magasine. A young engineer of Milan »f American physicians, is credited with having first suggested Putnam Jacobi was prominent In the Its present use, but It seems to have profession as professor and hospital exceeded In usefulness his wlldedt >hysician until her death ln 1908. The dreams. Few facts have been gtreh Irst woman physician in America " out concerning the extent ef the sye- Dr. Elisabeth Blackwell, a native of but when this war Is over a thrill- i England, who received her degree of
M. D. In 1849, and inter returned t#
England to practice her profession.

FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Summary Procedure,
District Magistrates' Court
at Quyon.
FREDERICK 8. WILSON A JAMES
EH sstfstttt s -
such in partnership, under the name, style and firm of u M. J. Wilson dr Sons,”	Plaintiffs.
UNDERTAKING a«d EMBALMING
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
WHS
SPRING OVRCOATS
W. J. HAYES „
SHAWVILLE
J
MAIN STREET
Spud la Important •The humble potato Is destined tg
Cruel Words.
"But can’t you give me any encouragement at Blir asked the rejected I ,|a, an Important part In the present mi tor.	! yortd war. We are warned that as
*Tm afraid not," replied the heart | nuch depends upon broad as bullets, Of beauty. "However. I don't mind [ )Ut owing to the scarcity of bread and
in overabundance of potatoes, It vould seem that more attention must
This weather you will find you will find your Winter Coat too heavy. We anticipated your requirements by stocking some nice Spring Coats in greys and blacks. Prices from $10.00 to $16.00.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
vs*
H. N. ROLAND, of the Village of Quyon. in the County of Pontiac,
Defendant
The Defendant is ordered to appear within dne month.
Quyon, 12th March, 1916.
W H. MEREDITH,
Clerk of said Court.
j* „
J. L. HODGINS
two men who pi
than you do. If you can get any com- I ,e given to the storing and preserving Port out of that, you are welcome to |this crop.
"Scientists used to say that them ras but little food value In the p*» But recently they have 1 ¦d with others that a little 1
is a dangerous thing. Now wo "No," replied tbs man who taka# |ire told that there Is almost a bal-tl rase If seriously. “Tvs been thinking ; inced ration to be found in a bons-if trying the Chinese toddle, but rm if*; meal of potatoes. At any rats silting to hoar how the political situ- 11 has been amply proved that them ition In China crystallise#. I don't be- j B no single vegetable that brightens levs In encouraging a country as long * many homes, or feeds so many penis It shows monarchist!c tendonde* 4# as the potato.—Exchange.
Our Ready-to-wear Clothing
is especially attractive to the man who wants to be well dressed.
AOKNT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repair*
t"
A Waiting Attitude. "Have you learned any Jt the
a to.
" QUE.*
SHAWVILLE
lances yetT
ng
We build Suits to fit.
STRAYED
R
Strayed on to my premise* some time in November, one ewe^ Owner i* requested to remove same at once and pay expense» incurred, and oblige
GEORGE SMITH,
R. R. No. Î, Charteria, Que.
MURRAY BROS
PTLY SECURED!
M
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR 9 ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
344 University SU Montréal.
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
###PAGE###6###
DEGREES FROM
KHAKI COLLEGE
n„y k.J E,™ ,t » r-.t !-'« » BUmi.NEW TOEND TO THE HAST
furUted!'1 Sh/feared nothing in the Whet the Recently Signed Treaties world, but went boldly up to the big	Mean to Germany.
captain of the Invading party. She Severe| drcummtance* In the last was a very small woman and must weeke point to a new orientation have looked to the Hun like an angry Germany's policy, d possible attack
wren.	„ on the British Empire at Its weakest
It happened that the captain was a front(#r where no naval bulwark bars
good enough man, and, unlike other ^ ^	to the advance of the kaiser'#
i 8111!
mmsemm
But no matter what the type be sure gr®"*® or "»•	attend to the times worse than Belgium’s ever was. wvrp gratefu, and trusting. But the ghanigtan to the confines of India, ‘“What have you got to sell that
to lubricate the thrust bearing, u*	1	nrobablv needs u clean- And it is so considered by authoi - RU88jans could not at all understand w^ere German intrigue has been at Canada wants?’ enquired Lieut-Col.
throwout collar and the connections body,	.ind the road test to ties. The relief fund, excepting the the gituaflon and why strangers could work for months to stir up revolt. J. Qbed Smith, assistant director of
from the pedal to clutch. Clean the in* a"> P°“	* thing is running Scottish Women's Hospitals, has never nur„e them."	Foiled in her attacks on Egypt and Emigration for Canada, as he rose to
oil holes and cups before you fill with	, for making the carbur- exceeded $2,250,000.	One reason why Dr. Inglis was so the Suez Canal, foiled In her dream of address the students in khaki. ‘That
oil or grease	smootmv	a	AU that Dr. Inglts did for the Ser- juatly loved by a„ people among whom an Oriental empire through the Ber- is the question I often put to young
Proceed to the transmission if that eu at.	 Mans will perhaps never be known., ^ worked was because she recogniz- hn_Bagdnd Railway, Germany is again men who seek my advice about go. n ..	No country to which war has been ed the rights of all.	reaching out to the East, and the pow- ing to Canada. I ask them if they
Farm Fire Prevention.	| brought offered more difficulties than „We hnve bought,” she was writing er ghe hag acquired there already and have had some special training. Can
__	,	The protection from fire of farm Serbia for war workers. Roads were jn March, 1917, "ikons (sacred pic- the potentiai power implied in the1 they lay bricks? Have they served
War Office Making a Distinction Re- properties is a problem which has frightful and hospital supplies almost turea) for the wards and the hospital treaties just concluded surpass the their time as printers? What prac-
irirdinir Renowned Regiment. seldom been attempted in any practi- ns scarce as food.	has been blessed. The men sing their ‘ wildest visions of the most imagina- tical experience have they had in
k	cal way, aside from the exceptional This remarkable woman was well evening hymns with their faces to- ^ye pan„German. How long will the farming? I impress upon them the
The British War Office, which is not uge of fircpr0ofing materials. In a over 50 when she died at Newcastle, wart| the ikon in their word. I hear Aq.çg delude themselves with the idea fact that the trained man in what-particular where its fighters come gma|j toxvn in Ohio, Hollandsburg, the i England, last November. I fancy that them now as I write. I do hope," she thgt Germany i8 exhausted and con- ever line it be, from blacksmithing to from so long as they do their trench villagera and the farmers within a the Serbians loved her because she had added wistfully, "that the committee tent themselves with talking while she doctoring, is the man we want in job thoroughly, is satisfied with " The ; ^jins of five miles have combined a determination equal to their own. I approve of this. It means so |g acting?	Canada. He is the man who will get
Ladies From Hell." So well do they forces They have purchased a mo- She was like some Greek hero, who muck to the Russian soldiers. And 11	-.+- along. Men lacking some special
like them, in fact, that the second bat- tor truck equipped with chemical ex- wanted to see the "smoke go up from have been touched at the way the Rus- CANNON TO KILL CANARY BIRD, qualification or without capital, or talion of the MacLean Kilties is going tinguishers, ladders, etc., and arrange- his native village and then die.” For sian 0fflcers have turned to us and '	- having no situation in view, are plainte be hurried to the first line trenches ments bave been made for answering she died the next day after she land- gaid; Thank you/* -	The Only Solution for a Desperate \y toid by me that they go taking their
to tackle Fritz. Although it has been ^re caqg anywhere in the district. If ed.	Dr. Inglis’s broad and humane work	Situation.	chances as ordinary laborers. Many of
part of the general scher.e to split the , ^ experiment proves successful, a With her hospital unit she made her is being successfully carried on by her	• f rc. ! you when you return to Canada will
Canadian contingents into separate widespread adoption of the plan should last stand at Krushevatz. They were colleagues of the Hospitals Unit.	4 °ne ot tne	. front be asked the question ‘What can you
sa% w'"  a—	aissfssrtMKr ' —«—. .	*• -- tfjïïzzrxzs'xz
ans, past performances of "The Ladies	Worth Thinking About.	with a party of valiant Serbians. Even FREDA RE FOR SPRING FLOODS, cipal actor.	.	* that question satisfactorily."
| A good citizen is known by the food had them whitewashed and cleansed a gmall February thaw has caused and hence the practice nowadays of various trades and occupations from
of vermin and moved the patients to much damage at points along the carrying them (in cages) into mines experts specially qualified to teach the
comfortable quarters.	Thames and Grand rivers in Ontario. to	*be air in the underground different branches. Germany has scor-
A P,eture-	The Serbians, while eager to learn, Ice jamB forced the water over some workings.	e(1 very heavily by special training
Straightly drives the shining plough- had no notion of modern sanitation. of thc artificial embankments and i Mining operations for military pur- ^bools in various trades.
share, waking earth from winter’s Moreover there were almost no con-1 mucb loss and discomfort resulted. |pose9 are conducted on a very exten-, dream;	veniences to be had. They did not Are ^ese instances merely a foretaste aive scale in present-day warfare in j	Growing Large Onions
"Recently the whole battalion went, Stra$ghtly plods the faithful plowman , dare use water from anywhere near ; ^ whjfct ia coming? In any event, it Europe. Tunnels of great length are-	.	,	d
away at the same time for a ten day) crooning low his patient team; |the typhus camps and had to haul it .g better to prepare for such a con-jdug to blow up the enemy’s works. I To grow ^rge	k
furlough, and each member was given ! Flock the white-winged gulls around from springs three or four miles . tingency with every means available. s h tunnels are testel for gas by the	"e decp|y	enwtn<r -nd
free transportation and lodgings. All ; him;	away.	,1 Engineers should be placed in charge use of canarv birds.	| ^ched 8ome ti”ek?,> the
hands were eager for the trip, and Ag a snoWstorm all about him;	Dr. Inglis saw their condition and gnd ice jamfl should bc dynamited be-, The bird that escaped into No Man’s the sowing must be done eariy
when it terminated I do not think there wheeling, soaring, darting, hovering offered help to the women and chil- fore they have had a chance to dam j and was being employed for this pur- bulbs will na\e a i«> g was a shire in these tight little is- in the sunshine’s golden gleam. dren. This was accepted very cautious- back the water. Weak places in cm- j p in a tunnel dug to blow up the *r°wlti\	mfttl1ira
larnis that «a* not visited by a High-	-- —	ly at first. But in the end they would fitment, should lie properly rein- ^emana. The succès, of the opera-1 Select a T	sur
lander garbed in the red tartan of the	So Picture Mont I all.	have as many as eighty bullock wag- forveds food kept in cellars in the tion depended wholly upon secrecy. and trench deepl>, then give a su
SEEiWmiHSBeBBW
SïsrrÆ s : „ satsm re-si tl™ »..Tt «•«. z	trz =, rr,.	-1 ai -- sr. -5 £
never see Scotland again, but many of !	*	as the mineral matter is her medical contingent and thousands siderable extent when the rivers com-1 The gun was loaded with a high ex- or hose every evening. Vive tne
them will no doubt take occasion after nea the skin	of refugees she set out for Krushe- mvnce their great “spring drive.” I plosive shell of a calibre appropriate bulbs ample space in which to <ie-
mism
them'	ons into the village.	it has wings, cannot fly 7" After canary vanished.	; tory in every township and municipal-
Confiscated Their Supplies.	gome hesitation little Emily put out I That is all there is to the story. But ity in Spain ,and tree-planting is to oe
There the Austrians descended upon her hand. “Well, mÿ dear, what is the blowing-up enterprise was a sue- carried on upon n more extensive seal» them and took all the suplies which it?” "Please, sir, a dead one!' cess.	th*n heretofore.--—__
1
WOMAN DOCTOR MARTYR TO SERBIA
TO BE RECOGNIZED THROUGHOUT BRITISH EMPIRE.

HUMANE WORK OF SCOTTISH
PHYSICIAN.

Vl
cesser les
<
KILTIES TO EIGHT AS A UNIT
t

1915
In n k'tter from Col. Guthrie the interesting news regarding the distinction made on behalf of the Kilties by the War Office is announced. In describing the recent movements of the regiment Col. Guthrie writes:
he eats
•>—
*
fN>m England, and from those in a position to .-peak with authority it was learned that the Kilties will be in the full tide of the fighting in France by the early part of May.
Use horse manure, not cow manure, clay soils. Do not manure the seed bed where seedlings are to be
grown.
on
'
• rx
1 HE SAID HE WO0M> MEET . ME AT FIVE.
xou cast
DEPEND ON
H AM AM]
, ¦
Its,I VC bees
WAITIN6 HERE SINCE SIX
¦ OUOCK FO« H TOM /WO . Z Ht hasesT SHOWN UP
WHAT TIME WAS HE TO
meet to of
HOW PO VOU DO MRS. BUFF, ARE TOO WAITING
po* SOME6001 ? |----
JUST AS l EXPECTED TOM’S NOT WERE?
HE SAID THAT HE WOULD MEET ME / AT THIS CORNER- \
HE» HOT IM
5HSHT ANT WHERE

nom*
nnni#
UNO'
HI*
i
[

Pn PH1 Hi
1
4
!
IJ?K

"ter
L>*
»
i •
L
/
L
I




###PAGE###7###
-------—-
", of food, and the great demands being made upon Canada to increase the supply, it is of the utmost importance that the great destruction of
foodstuffs caused by lightning strik-  ^	, , , „ ,
W SffiStTLSSSÜS: J-—. W — ». « » rZSZ
' SiSBi illlSi
mfmmrnmm ~	- mmsm mmm
HISSES ,~rr= -	:
SïS- c""'d " "H" “ » r-r^s
iHBiBEîE
—	E™E£ri £.ïiœ^
„:a» ««..-¦ ~r. «.y	! °»ti" '“*•
Your grocer has the lemons and any drug store or toilet counter will supply three ounces of orchard white for a few cents
NATURE’S CARE
Order Now
BOOKS ON GARDENING.
WEAK, ANAEMIC GIRLS
agi
MADE IN CANADA
Wise Provision Made for Protection of
Birds and Animale.
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED v/rer TORONTO
Accurate Knowledge Means Greater
Production.
CANADA
Health
Regain Good Through Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills.
Can

6
\
1

PU*'/'-
fc

i^UETT company u «C* Toronto ont. ****^*

beat as If to burst	¦ I I ¦
such girls are thin, flat-chested and sallow, with nothing attractive about
them.	If they do not got better they will have a cough in the winter and
then,	not unlikely, consumption, that roost hopeless of all diseases will develop. No girl should be like this. She should be plump, rosy-checked and full of life, able to talk fast and to stand exertion without being
IK
Used for making F hard and soft soap, for ^ f softening water, for cleaning, disinfecting and for over 600 other purposes.
Struts SUBSTITUTES.
L. IWGIUiTT COMFWNY LIMifED
¦y'•
i
Gardening for Schools
breathless and palpitating. To be In > j>ept. of Agr 1 cu 11uxiiilllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
this healthy, happy condition she 1G2. Apply Dept, of Agriculture, Torn ust have plenty of good, rich, red ronto.
blood, as It Is only tlirough the blood Improvement of School Grounds, by that the body can be healthy. And the the Ontario Dept, of Education, To-only medicine that will keep the blood ron^ Qnt. Profusely illustrated. Dis-supply rich and red and pure la Dr.
Williams’ Pink Pills. Their effect up-the pale, weak girl who gives them
They lm-


tram, a young man ably known here.
tory rheumatism for two months.
Dodd’s Kidney Pills cured him.
“The doctor said my trouble started with the grippe,” Mr. Bertram states.
“My hands and feet were badly swollen and the doctor did not seem to be doing me any good. My grandmother,
Mrs. G. Grasser, advised me to take Dodd’s Kidney Pills. I took one box of them and I haven’t been bothered since. I am clear of the rheumatism.”
That Mr. Bertram’s trouble came ^ record for railroad travelling Is i	mnsensLLAsrrousi_______
from	his kidneys Is	shown by his	reported from IIreland. A special train	^^Asckr.	tumors, lumps.	ETC.,
other	symptoms. He	had stiffness In	on the Great Northern Railroad made	V	internal	and external cured	with-
the jointe, we* tired and nervous, and	th„ trlp from Belfa9t t0 Dublin, a du-	2%Wlt^'nr"mtZ wSTjj
there	were flashes of	light before his	tance o{ 116 ^ilcs, in 107 minutes and	Co.	Limited	Coiltnswood. Ont
eyes. Ho had a dragging sensation return journey was accomplished across the loins, was always thirsty and felt heavy and sleepy after meals.
Rheumatism Is caused by uric acid in the blood. Cured kidneys strain the uric acid out of the blood. Dodd’s Kidney Pills cure the kidneys.

.


Mlnard's Liniment for sal# everywhere
“Pa, does it get colder when the
“Yes ,my son. ’ How far?”
FOB BALE
KJCLY NKWtiPAPER IN WEST- thermometer falls ?”|
Doing a good buel- "Well, ourg has fallen.”
“About five feet, and when it struck
broke.”
perennials,
cusses floVer bowlers, vines, nursery stock, shrubs, making of lawns, and gives plans for laying out school grounds.
The Gardenette or City Backyard Gardening, by Benjamin F. Albaugh.
WWjWWPilüiilPIBÜWIIlDispusBea vegetable gardening and sparkle, and the step becomes gi (tower gardening, dealing particularly and elastic. Thousands of girls throughout Canada owe their health and attractive appearance to Dr. WII Hams’ Pink Pills and do not hesitate to say so. Miss Jennie Book, Beams ville. Ont., says: —T suffered for over « two years from anaemia, and gradually grew very ill. 'Previously I had been strong and robust, but grew pale and a mere shadow of my former self.
I tried several medicines, and while some seemed to give me temporary relief, 1 soon grew worse again. As the months went by 1 began to de-
Massage this sweetly
fragrant lotion Into the face, neck,
arms and hands each day and see how mark«t freckles and blemishes disappear and cMb.^App^ Box^st Wli.on Publishing the floor it
how clear, soft and white the skin be Y es ! It is harmless.
Wf;
•in Ontario Death of owner places It on the A great chance for a men with
on
a fair trial Is wonderful prove the appetite, backaches and headaches disappear, the glow of health tinges the cheeks, the eyes
ELL EQUIPPED N KWH PA PER iginardl'e Liniment Believes Neuralgia and Job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried $1.600. Will
Ulrk sale
. Ltd.. Toronto
w
cornea
?
Ho* bj
ro for $1,200 on qui Wilson Publishing Co
Irish Train Sets New Record
The Soul of a Plano Im the Action. Insist on the
“OTTO HIQELV PIANO ACTION
with city small yard conditions. Price $1.25. Published by Stewart and Kidd Co., Cincinnati, Ohio.
* May be obtained from Publications Branch, Dept, of Agriculture, Ottawa.
ONE-MAN PONTOONS
Cause of Early Old Age
in 109 minutes
Cuticura Stops Itching At Once
s' \ Treatment :
sr \ Cleanse With
ifsT—Vy Cuticura

0-
“Water Winfi" for Use of Soldiers in Crossing Stream* Under Fire.
Building bridges under firo, the
greatest ordeal that the army engi-epair of getting Ix uer, when my neers of other campaigns were submother happened to reed an adver- I jecte(j t0> bid„ fair to g„ out 0f
tlsemeot of Dr. Williams Pink p 11( faehion. In future a regiment going and suggested that I should try theim acrogl a itream will> lf a recent invetv
rErïz"rsS3s. s:	SISZS.S
sHStt SS3'3=,#^52tt B3B-5SS
any return of the trouble, I cannot!1® adapted f° the f/),ding . de®J The trawler, according to the story pound applied directly upon a tender, ¦peak too highly of Dr. Williams' Pink	wimout the necessity o toW by one of the ^w, was in the aching corn relieves the soreness in-
Pills as a permanent cure for this f>ndge-building. The eneiulmg buoy North Sea in a stiff breese when- the gtantly and soon the entire corn or trouble, and I strongly recommend w blown up by the soldier. It h° ds gripper saw a periscope erawl through callus, root and all, dries up and can them to all anaemic girls.”	upright in the water with his the breaking surface of the sea about be Ufted off with the lingers.
You can get these pills through any	, shoulders and arms clear or the sur-	hundred yards'off.	There was no	This new way to rid one's feet of
< medicine dealer or by mail at 60 cents	^ace* experiments recently con-	aboard and the	trawler’s best	corns was introduced by a Cincinnati
• a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The	ducted a man maV5 8®veral *>u“ *“	speed was less than eight knots.	man, who says that freezoue dries in
Dr. Williams" Medicine Co., Brock-	ey®s on a tart?et 300 yards away while	wag a situation	to dismay most	a moment, and simply shrivels up the
ville. Ont.	floating across the stream.	men,” said the seaman
per, however, has a fighting spirit. A | surrounding skin, touch of the wheel sent the trawler’s Don’t let father die of infection or bl.mt bows pointing at the submarine’s lockjaw from whittling at lus corns, whaleback, and we wallowed menac- 1 but clip this out and make him try it. ingly toward the pirate.	' If your druggist hasn’t any free zone
“The U-boat swung round to avoid tell him to order a small bottle from the impact and the sides of the* his wholesale drug house for you.
trawler scraped along the sides of the submarine. The périscope still was well out of the water but was beginning to slip down as the submarine dived.
"The skipper bawled for a hammer,	Liniment Core. Borns. Etc
a crowbar, anything that would hurt.
One of the crew thrust a coal shovel into his hand and he scrambled on the
YES! MAGICALLY! CORNS LIFT OUT
WITH FINGERS
The celebrated Dr. Michenhoff, an autho.ity on early old age, J •ay* that it U “caused by poison» f generated in the Intestine.” 4 When y our stomach digests food ~ properly it is absorbed without a forming poisonous matter. Poi- » sons bring on early old age and premature death. 15 to 30 drops of “Seigel’s Syrup” after meals makes your digestion sound. io
\
A NOVEL WEAPON
?
Trawler’* Skipper Smashes Periscope
With Coal Shovel.
Soap,
Dry aid Ural
With
Cuticura
Ointment
HUBS
p and
HORSES
For eczemas, rashes, itchings, irritations, pimples, dandruff, sore hands and baby humors, Cuticura Soap and Ointment are supremely effective as well as ideal for toilet purposes.
Samples Each Free by
Addretfi "Cuticura. I)ept. S\
U. S. A." Bold throughout the world.
“Our skip- corn or callus without irritating the

Revolutionize the Fire Dep.riment. JJJ£ ONLY MEDICINE
Are we serious in our attempts to	_ _ _	_
combat the fire waste ? The records	CAD	I ITT! C	AMCC
of 1917 hardly prove it. To the most	1 Vis	Lll ILL	VllLiV
superficial observer it is obvious that
we are directing our energies along Once a mother has used Baby's Own wrong lines. Despite first-class fire j Tablets for her little ones she will use fighting equipment and firemen nothing else. Their use teaches her amongst the most expert in the world, | they are absolutely safe; that they our losses continue unabated. Our never fail to give relief and that the most efficient fire brigades are utterly little ones do not dread taking them discomfited by the raging conflagra- as they do castor oil and other harsh lions that, with increasing frequency, destroy buildings, devastate whole communities and wipe out human life.
Canadian municipalities spend millions of dollars annually for the maintenance of fire departments and a few paltry dollars in fire prevention. With- sold by medicine dealers or by mail at out deprecating the provision of ade- 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ quate fire extinguishing facilities the Medicine Co., Brocltville, Out. ihort-sighted policy that neglects preventive measures must be condemned.
. The fire departments of the country should be revolutionized. For every dollar appropriated by municipalities for fire protection, fifty cents should be used for fire prevention.

Mall
r
Boston,
The world is short of horses. To get the most out of your team use
IN MISERY
FOR YEARS
MICA
AXLE GREASE

Proper food makes all the differ-the world to the health of
ence in a family
*' Use half as much as any other
The mica flakes fill the pores and crevices in the axle and the grease keeps them there. Mica Grease means fresher horses at the end of the day and longer life for your harness and wagons.
Mrs. Courtney Tells How She Was Cured by Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound.
purgatives. Concerning the Tablets Mrs. John M. Weaver, Bllssfleld, N.B., says:—"I have used Baby’s Own Tablets for the past ten years and have found them so good I always keep a box In the house.” The Tablets are
Lord Rhondda’s Training.
. , - In a recent address Lord Rhondda, bulwarks and leaned over, two of the ^ British Food Controller, explained
crew hanging to h.a coat so that he w	on the food situation. He
wouldn’t fall overboard. Backward | id that he was taken into his fath-and forward he swung the heavy scoop at the fragile periscope, and the third blow reduced it to fragments.
“The submarine commander, hearing the noise and wondering what new and horrible device the enemy had invented, crept to his periscope to have a look, but all was black. He was blind, and the trawler got away in safety.”
Oskaloosa, Iowa.—“ For years I was ¦imply in misery from a weakness and
|™e™| awful pains—and
nothing seemed to do me any good. A friend advised to take Lydia E. Pinkhaqn’s Vegetable Compound. I did so and got relief right away. I can certainly recommend this valuable medicine to other women who suffer, for it baa done such rood work for me and I know it will help others if they will give it a fair trial.” —Mrs. Lizzu: Courtney, 108 8th Ave., West, Oskaloosa, Iowa.
Why will women drag along from day to day, year in and year out. suffering such misery as did Mrs. Courtney, when such letters as this are continually being published. Every woman who suffers from displacements, irregularities, inflammation, ulceration, backache nervousness, or who is passing through the Change of Life should give this famous root and herb remedy, Lydia E. Fink-
ham’s Vegetable Compound, a trial. For
special advice write Lydia, E. Pinkham Medicine Co , Lynn, Maas, of its long experience is at your eervice.
er's grocery store when 20 years of and learned the business from the
AVxYM
iii
age
EUREKA HARNESS OIL
ground up
me

To grow good parsnips prepare the soil deeply, make it rich, deep arid mellow
depth of soil for the very best carrots. Be careful not to bring the bottom soil to the surface.
'* Lengthens leather life
* «V/ • #
mm

%
*
Overcomes leather's worst
water and dirt. It
Three feet is the proper


enemies ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ makes harness pliable and waterproof, prevents breaking o

i
m


waterprooi, prevent» ing of stitches and imparts that rich black lustre to all dark dressed leather.
A Slight Mistake-
“Hawkins," said the officer to his Cockney servant, “I’ve left my mess boots out this morning. I want ’em soled. "
“Yessirl” said Hawkins.
But later in the day, when the of-

atlmard'e Liniment Cures Dandruff.
LOSS OF FOOD BY LIGHTNING.
£
SALVE

I
Sold In standard sized pec loses by live dealers everywhere.
IMPERIAL OIL LIMITED
Marion Bridge. C. B„ May 30, '02.
I have handled M1NARD8 UNIMENT during the past year. It is always the first Llntmewt asked for here, and unquestionably the best seller of all the different kinds of Liniment I handle.
Every Mesne Should be Taken to Prevent Destruction of Foodstuffs.
I
30
In eastern Canada, April and May the worst months for fires resulting from lightning. In Ontario, lightning fires during April and May, 1917, numbered 172, entailing a loss of $168,921, little over half of which was covered by insurance.
Many lightning-rod systems have been installed during the past, few For iron rust either on white or j years, and these are gradually show-colored clothes wet the spot with ing results. When properly installed, lemon juice, then hold over steam of they give almost absolute protection, tea kettle'and the spots will disap-1 so much so that many of the farmers’ pear like magic. If the stain is old mutual insurance companies report no it may not come out with the first losses by lightning on rodded build-trial.	ings, while others will not insure a
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦¦¦¦¦¦risk that not rodded. Nearly
, 'i.nince companies charge a lower _	_ -	. _ , premium on insurance on buildings
equipped with lightning-rods
relieved by Murine. Try it In The rapid increase in the use of you,BiwuAlaBib/iEw wjre fence, constitutes a serious
—	_ _	lightning menace to live stock. Many
When lightning strikes the wire bread ‘ fences, if there are no ground wires, ¦ if iron fence posts are not used, the animals furnish the path of least

Heals like Magic-
%ums*cuti. chafing, blisters, plfssf'ab-‘•cesses, sunburn, boils, bruises, and other inflammation., At dealers, or write otf.
¦ISST^aSMIOY .COMfAHTk _H>¦»!—.jEaqads
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
are
Wakeful
Nights
2»

NEIL FERGUSON
MICA
go out of style in the family that once drank tea or coffee but now uses

The result


• <»••!*••• • • #,**###*###
I
Dangerous Gas and Acids That Hurt The Stomach—Sour The Food
Cause Dyspepsia, Indigestion
Instant
Bruises and Sprains
Have Sloan’s Liniment handy for and epraine and ail pain» aches. Quick relief follows
W5 Crenelated EyliJs,
Postum
and
bru
its
prompt application. No qeed to rub. It quickly penetrates to the trouble and drives out the pain. Cleaner than mueey plasters #w ointments. Sloan's Liniment does not •tain the skin nor clog. the pores. For rheumatic ache#, neuralgia.
R

Recommends a Safe Way to Treat Stomach Trouble At Home
mmtm
¦BUSS
Artificial dlgestenta will push this not Injure the stofhach lu any way.
This wholesome beverage of delicious flavor contains no drug element* to upset heart or nerves and its cheery goodness is just the thing in the way drink
Baked Fruit.-Mix 3 pinte crumbs with 1 cup chopped raisins, 1 °J
be inspected before April, In case any break in the continuity of the cables, has been caused by the severe winter, weather; the grounding of the cable should also be assured.
I With the tremendous world short-
Wk- '""ta a#
i
muer lee, as. tad
•tig
it gi
Ur m
elal
weed battle et ell draggbte.
\
l
Slotxn’s
Limtnéni
K1I.J -S PAIN
of a hot table

arloue
1(ÎMnnA
fertil izer

Shur-Gain
“There's a Reason"
Sloan’s prices not Increased 26c 60c $1 |
ISSUE No.
###PAGE###8###
INSURANCE
link r
The ShawYille Boot ai Shoe Store
Jl
AT THE LOWEST KATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
ales
r
QUALITY
2C
, 7,1 r™: '8 tcjjrC
mi

COMPANIES.
'r

R

»*

i-ak
CSLVXi
No charge for Policy Fee.
Cull or write for Halm* and Particular*.
E. PARIS, NSURANCI ACCNT,
QUEBEC
¥
c
Is first, last, and all the time the important consideration in
BRECKENRlDQE
Final Tax Notice

5
'V
All unpaid ta nos due the School
Mail ici be sett
OUR SHOES
X
pality of Clarendon, roust led din ing the next 10 day.
M. A. M< K1NLKY,
A*«t. See. Treat Shaw ville, April 1st, 1018.
See them—it is discovered Wear them— it is experienced.
TV


8
v »
V
For Sale

Three Purebred Ay i shire Bulls
1 2-year old 1 year old 1 Calf
Apply to DAVID M(DOWELI
Shawville.
Always the Biggest Possible Values + 4 for the Least Money at ? ? Our Up-to-date Shoe Store.
Complete Service to Ford
Owners Everywhere

FOR SALE
1 Silo-12x28
Cow Stable Fittings, Flooring Stalls and Watering Out tit. Prie# SUM), for silo and flooring.
00 bags Swede Turnips, 50c Apply to I) THOM
Good Shoes for
EVERYBODY
/’COURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you may a travel is something you appreciate, and being a Fora
owner you can get it. You are always “among friends”.
in the most complete assortments at all times. The authentic styles and unsurpassed values in all kinds of Footwear are FOUND HERE.
a bag
PSON, Clarendon Front
There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout Canada. These are always within easy reach of Ford owners —for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or motor adjustments.
The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of the car itself. Nineteen of the most callea for parts cost only $5.40. Just compare this with the cost of spare parts for other cars and you will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.
Farms for Sale
«
No. 1—East half of Lot No. 26, 3rd rang»; Clarendon, containing about 100 acres, of which 50 acres arc under cultivation, at present in hay and pasture. Erected thereon are a good comfortable dwelling house ; machine ‘diop and granary : good barn 30x40 ; two good cattle shells an I h true ^tal bush laid timbered with spruce-ami cedar.
y
P. B. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
)
Fifty acres of
questionaire will be regarded as equivalent to failure to return it, properly filled in ; and will invite We have received a copy of an the «aroe penalty. The general
li-t in con- public who have already rendered
valuable service in the enforce-
Local and District.
N-v 2. North Half of Lit No. 26, 3rd ranjLf Clarendon, containing 100 acres, cultivated ; has been in hay and justure during the just year. Good house, g *xi turn and	stables.
Fenced around end and side with wire.
These two Farms are one mile from Portage du Fort railway station ; 2k miles from <aw mil!, two churches, cheese factory ind school. The soil is rich loam.
Touring « ¦ Runabout • Coupe Sedan ¦ • -Chassis » ¦ THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-ton Truck
F. 0. B. FORD, ONT,
Dealers -
ses
575
770
970
535
750
:
interesting premium mm ¦ ¦ ictii hi with m gn it exhibition of majde product* which is to be ment of the legislation are invited held at the Quebec Provincial Ex- to continue their endeavors to the hibition Park, Quebec, on June 25, end that justice be rendered all 26, 27 and 2S, with the co-operation those affected of the Provincial and Federal Governments and the manufacturers of evaporators. Nearly 1.7) prize*-are offered to the future exhibitor of them as high as $25, and making a total amount of There are prizes tor the best maple sugar, for the best soft sugar, for the bc*t bottled maple syrup, for Horner, (abs.) the best way of preparing majile eugai and syrup for the market, Hodgins
for the be<t products made with (;r;iljv jv Mary Hodgins, Hubert maple sugar and syrup, wh ; wnlee
candies, chocolate^, butter, con- pu^ t ; feetionery ; for the best illustrated trade mark or advertisement for the selling of maple products, etc.
t
District Schools
Shawville.
Shawville Motor Co.
Farther luutieulars and terms may In implication to
stik Report No. 10 Vi.aio mh.x
had
some
Grade VIl — Basil Hobin, John Hod-gins and Emhyle Katies.
Grade VI — Lucinda Moffatt, Jessur
JAMES HART, Portage du Fort
36-3m
TARIFF OF TOLLS to be collected during season 1918 by The Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited,
Grade V
Duncan Hod gins Kyle
ACT TODAY
ii'Mg i ns,
, Robbie Vhamlierlin, Lilli' Fades, Lindsay Horner, Willie N aigle Grade III—Lindsay Richardson, las Moffatt, Ethel Richardson.
This special exhibition is found	,HAï’ Hazcl
very advisable, and great interest ' *	*rl Hobin, Arch» Horner.
is shown by producers of maple	conduct.-JeMie Horner, Lu
products. It is organized by the vinda Moffatt, Lilias Lades, Sophu H«hI-Quebec Provincial Exhibition from gins. Hazel Moffatt, Archie Horner, whom further information can be Lindsay Horner, Cyril Hobin.
obtained
Your Buildings
Your Health
May be in DANGER !
Confederation Life Association, old and reliable
London Guarantee, Fire and Automobile
Globe Indemnity Co. Accident and Health Insurance
B. G. ANDERSON - General Insurance Agency,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Your Life
J
1
For use of Improvements :
Saw-logs. 17 feet and under in length, per 1,000 feet Ward measure...................................
Red and White Pine. Tamarae, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet board measure ............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted. 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet boaid measure...................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney Ward, per 1,000 cubic feet.....
Pulpwood, per cord ............................
10 Ota
L. y MUS, Teacher
12| “
Wanted on the Other Side
Increasing Canada s Mineral
Production
Written by Miss L. Stephens in mem cry of the late Rev. Reman Arm strong.
Oft when loved one called to leave in Pass to shining scenes lieyond,
15	"
»ry by chemists in odnets Laboratories
The discover the Forest Pr
of Canada under the Forestry Branch of the Department of the
Interior that pine oil can be pro-	......
duced from Canadian trees h of Question* why they thus bereave u-
great interest to metal mining * lunge us into dark depond, companies in Canada because this But with words most true and tender oil is necessary for the carrying Some one whispers at our side out of the celebrated oil flotation “ Service he has done to render, process for the extraction of ore. Wanted on the other side.
The supply of nine oil from the southern l ni ted States is so limited that it is practically all re-
150
10 "
TENDERS
FftUIT TUEES arid PLANTS
FOR SPUING PLANTING
Tender- wil be received by the undersigned upto April 15th. for the iftije of Secretary Treasurer of the Bristol Dairy Co., Limited.
Wyman. Que
We need no further introduction than the fact that we have been in the Nursery business SIXTY ONE YEARS, and are now prepared to meet existing conI ditions by offering our high grade trees and plants direct to customers at Rock
Bottom Pricm.
Send for our illustrated circulars of hardy varieties which you can order direct and save the agent's commission, of which you get the benefit. Our prices will lie sure to interest you and all stock i< absolutely first-class and true to name.
UE <’H tSE
of Ontario. Ltd., Nurserymen Established 1857.
%
“ Wanted f “ Yes, to preach .«salvation Visit friends long passed away -
quired for United States mines. ! Father, mother, dear relations The Forestry Branch chemists not j Longer here lie could n«»t stay.
only discovered how to make pine Wfjile we mourn, their voices greet him oil in Canada but they found that Hail to one so nobly burn !
hardwu^d .iVti'll'uHi.' liîdïrtï; Wi,h	the>' " ” k 10 ,netlt l,im !
expensive pine oil. This means (’ease your sobs, oh, cease y< nog
ranch to the mining interests of ]D your Saviour now confide ;
Canada, and is another evidence oi He is in the Lord’s safe keeping,
in-
diistvy in increasing production to the highest possible |x>int in war ,
time.	1
HUGH ROSS
Preuldent
V inv-robbed SUUutie*.
Cninese gardeners sometimes plant itatuttea of tiny men firmly in pots, ust like real plants, and then train ive evergreens to grow up over these tatutter
(ind of robe for the statutte men heir white faces and hands protrud ng from the green leaves.
Him for whom we mortals mourn
The vines thus form a
BROTHERS CO
Reduction on Boys’
Suits
on Saturday April 6th. All new styles
Ontario.
Col borne
Wanted on the other side.
(Miss) Ann Arwtron
Self-Confidence Wine.
The constant. danger of earth-Have you ever felt the chagrin of quakes stands In the way of the deknowing that you have failed in an en- FeJopment of the waterfalls of Japan, terprise. whether this may have been a mere Incident of business or on en-
BUGGIES! |	througb 1,ck *eeU"
Thousands of men have failed In Just that way. writes Hugo Masters In Physical Culture.
Self-confidence is • factor tn success of such importance that the man with moderate ability, but plenty of confidence, will succeed where the man of far greater ability, coupled with a lack of confidence, win fall. This has been proven probably a few billion times in the history of human affairs.
BUGGIES !
To Fairly Enforce
Adventurous Canadians.
A detachment of the Royal Naval Reserve who manned the British armoured cars on the Russian front has returned to London, says The Times.
The detachment consists of two officers and 73 petty officers. It Is a force constituted of Englishmen, Australians, Canadians, and New Zealanders, all the men being mechanics. They are well knit, bronzed, and weather-beaten, but in excellent health, and in very high spirits at being back in England after two . years’ absence. During that period they have fought in Turkey, In Roumanie. in Persia, and in Galicia.
the Service Act
The Exemptions Granted to be Scrutinized by Government.
(Official.)
When the i>eop!e of the Dominion decided to discard the volun-
I have just received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time tu make your -flection. Call and see them.
J. L. HOD01N9
Shawvii le.
ta i y method of re-in forcing and making good the wastage of the Canadian Divisions at the Front
*
WATCHES aqd CLOCKS .. REPAIRED ..
they did so, fully believing that the alternative of Selective Conscription would be fairly and firmly carried. They were strengthened in this belief by the fact that fairness was theoretically merely another name for Selective Conscription, ns well as from the fact that the Government had pledged itself, if returned, to a just enforcement of legislation. This promise is to be fully carried out. Qu 1 i o n a i re s ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
dressed to all
No. You Dont!
The late John G. Johnson, the fa# nous Philadelphia lawyer, was one# mgaged In a case where a certain can-ankerous old woman bore witness for he opposition.
Her teeetlmony concluded, the old coman proposed to leave the witness ?ox, but Mr. Johnson said:
“Hold on, madam. I’ve one or twe gestions to aak you."
The old woman, however, did not islt In her departure.
"No, y# dc W ah# said. "Non# #P er qursdeei
I desire to notify the public that I have taken over the Repairs of the late Hans Shade), and am prepared to do any work of that nature entrusted to me.
Articles for repair, left in my hands, may be had by calling at shop next door to T. Burton V Barber Shop.
Supplies of Gasoline.
In 1915, Canada consumed over 43.000,000 gallons of gasoline. Of this amount about five per cent, was produced from Canadian crude, while the remainder was either imported direct or produced from imported crude. This fact shows the dependence of Canada upon supplies of gasoline and petroleum from United States and strengthens the argument used in a previous issue wherein it was stated that 20 per cent, of the gasoline used in Canada was produced from Canadian crude oiL
will be now nd-cxerapted men, who must return them, properly filled in, without loss of time, or forfeit their exemption papers, previously granted. Exempted men whohnve changed their addresses should notify the Registrar of their district A n u rDrn|r without de'ay, as failure to receive	WCvnEUlC
ARCHIE DOVER
You ain’t ##
SHAWVILLE. « "Ma."
