###PAGE###1###



i

O
No. 52, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
JUNE 20, 1018.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
i
» *
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Sending Money to Soldiers
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
Those who have friends or relatives at the front, may wish to send money, but possibly do not know the best way to do so.
If time permits, the safest and most convenient method of making remittances abroad is the Bank Money Order or Draft, as issued by The Merchants Bank.
If, however, it is necessary to send money without delay, the Bank will arrange this by Cable Transfer.
4,750,000
OTTAWA
%
94 Branches In Canada.
PARIS GREEN
, There is a universal call for saving NOW. Start a Savings Account at any Branch
with a Dollar or more.
Berger’s Pure English Green, put up
in one pound tins—the best there is. Why waste time, and risk loss of crop by using inferior green or substitutes ( Buy Berger’s, we guarantee every ounce.
17
Fort Coulonge Branc h.
Campbells Bay Branch.
Shawville Branch. ;
Portage du Fort Sum Omce. Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corners Sub Office. Open Wednesday and Friday.
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr. R. LEGER Manager.
A. H. Mulnern, Mansger.
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK

Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
QUYON BRANCH,
CAMPBELL'S BAY BRANCH.
IL BRANCH.
Established J 864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager. A. A. REED, Manager. • D. L. WILLSON. Manager. • C. B. SHAW, Manager.
Adjustable Window Screens,
Spring Hinges,
Green and Black Wire Cloth.
Ice Cream Freezers, The Frost King, guaranteed the best make, 2 to 6 quart capacity.
Screen Doors, Catches and Pulleys,
gy Business notices on this I wire 8 cents |>er line.
For Sale.—Two stoves and a quantity of stovepipes, several pieces of furniture and sundry household articles. Will be shown any day at my residence. Mrs. M. H. Murray. Shaw ville.

With the present issue The Equity completes the 36th year of its existence, and in contemplating that fact, the proprietor necessarily realizes that whilst the vigor of the paper remains-unimpaired, lie himself is approaching that stage, when,, in the natural order of things, other hands and other brains must assume the duties which helms endeavored to perform during all those years, fraught with so many changes and transformations, even in this particular district’s circumscribed area. '	>
It i‘ opportune at this time that the editor should extend to a large number of friends, a sincere expression of his appreciation of their support and encouragement all through'that comparatively lengthy jienod. He presumes to take it as a compliment, if not to his ability at least to his industry, that the names of quite a number of those friends who handed in their dollar with “good luck to you" when the first issue of “TilK Equity" appeared, are still on the subscription list in good standing. Scores of others, held a« esteemed friends, have itassed from Life's cage, and in their places appear the names, in increased number, of succeeding kinsfolk, who inherit a warm feeling towards the little home paper.

UENRY’S SHORTHAND
n SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE

Paints and Varnishes for all purposes,
For Stenograph BRI. Fop the past Tear the Civil- Service Commission nas been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feh. Hi every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.


PERSONAL MENTION

É I

Mro. G. M. Donaldson, of Ottawa, paid n shoft visit to friends in town la-t week.
Mite M. K. Thomson 1ms reopened her home at Portage du Fort for the summer months.
Miss Florence Hod gins, Ottawa, is at present visiting her cousin, Miss Gladys Hodgins, at Yarn).
Mrs. Harold and Mrs. A. Steele, of Stevie Line, were guest* for a few days last week of Messrs, I Weigh and Frank Morrison, brothers of the first named.
Gr. Abb Brownie,	f Mr.
and Ml	Brownlee, formerly
of Bryson, whp is at Petewawa \\ ith the 78th V. F A of Cal g
has Been Spendi \ few days In
town with his sister, Mrs. n. S. Hodgins.	4
Mr. G. A. Howard, reached honte from the West ou Sunday night, coming somewhat sooner than he expected owing to the very serious illness of Ids aged mother.

<
J. H. SHAW.
Our Instruction is Individual, and the school is open doling the entire year; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local colleges have in t he past joined our class es. Names and addresses are available.
Studenta are assisted to positions.
His % | âjgggs
COWLING
OTTAWA,ONT.

W. A. HODGINS
XV E.Gowlinu, H.G.W.Braithwait, President.
D. E. HENRY, PRESIDENT, Cor. Bank and SDarks Sts.
Principal
SHAWVILLE
——
EXPERIENCE
Gillies Broft, Limited of Brne-*ide, have work fqr a few able men in their saw mill or lumber vard. Good wages. Steady work. Phone or write William Doug I Superintendent.
vs.
Canadian Food Board License Number
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work Is like learning any other kind of work or trade oi profession	.
Must thing» can he anybody s gift-	"il"'ddLwr,.'%tl%l
your portrait is distinctively, exclusively bjrjlentlsta. yours. Make an Appointment to-day.
- _ r ....	>	>- Ht Imison,
$?TF	Artist in Portraiture.
8 3551
as,
PREPARE
s
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones fmined by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer. Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Ln-t year our Increase was 15 . This the home of Mr. Tbos. Thompson, Zion, year to date 1s even better. Still Employ Friday, June 28th. Slipper eerved from	demand a Exceed the Number of
7 to ». p. m. A good program of songs.1 " ilI,e ^".luates. recitations, dialogues, etc. Admission 25 and 15 cents.
Mrs. Sin titiNher Bed Mra. .Tas. Wilson of this section, motored to Am prior on Tuesday last where they Xvill remain for a day or two with friends before leaving on an extended visit to the West. Mrs. Belsher will remain for the summer months with her boys at Meyronne, Bask., and Mrs. Wilson, after a stay with relatives at that place also, will, later 'proceed to where her son Unman resides in another part of the West.
For the Big Advance in the prices df all IL
Onion Supper.—An Onion Supper in aid of the Red Cross is to lie held at

STAPLE COTTON GOODS
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont.
The Revival.
Dr. Russell says Shaw ville is carrying off the palm for courtesy and co-operation in the opening week of the meeting. He is delighted with the sympathy that all the people are ready to contribute, which bespeaks a surpassing visitation from the heavens upon the whole community..
On Sunday morning Mrs. Russell gave u message of great power and eloquence on the answer to the world's great heart cry for that which alone can satisfy, and also spoke to a large company of women at 3 o’clock on “NY oman at er Best.”	-
Dr. Russell preached at Bristol I morning and at Starks in
The4 Sunday night meeting in The matrimonial epidemic has I 1—“ The Red Lamp, • the Methodist Church was the apparently found its way to Ons- 2—“ Freezing a Mother-in-Law,”
• | largest yet. The Holy Spirit ' low, and as a result several young 3-u Turn Hnn Out,
brooded over the place as He did j couples have taken upon them-1 Lawn’s Hall, Campbells Bay, on Fri-
over Çàaos m Creation s morning j seives the responsibilities of » day, June 21st, at 8.30, p. m.fsharp.l Your family, friends and business as-and nw power was manifest in home.	Admission 25c. each. Fifty per cent, of I sociales want your portrait. A nice
Ore'ea"* 18*1 he(°Cur^'! Nochangexvastu.de nt the re- proceeds t. go to Red Crow. Three range of folders to choose from* ¦
BssS	%%%% I bU8he:
maladÿ ; the messenger oflife pointment, consequently Rev. Mr. little maid and the medicine im Brown will have charge as hereto-
IpSSSg I - |HL M
ZAMSLSI ggtfK&r HESS 1rJ? S&8B&—•« M
Salvation.—Com.	| ,aBt di<j incaicufMble benefit to the I,U" lx,m-
crops in this section of the country, as indeed the outlook was senou enough.	\
y»
Willis College
139$ Sparks Street, entrance between Ketvhum*& Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Country retailers have kept their prices down to the lowest levels, butin our judgment as a matter of
Box Social.—A box social in aid of the soldiers at the front will be held at
on
The annual meeting of the I Wednesday evening, June 26thsunder Pontiac Motor Association will be ‘k auspice* of Clarendon H. M. Club, held at Shaxvville on Saturday AdmMR,on-25 and 15 cents; ladies afternoon, June20.	(with boxes free. Married ladies’ boxeei
will be aueti d off separately, and a X\ e desire to thank the several I (juilt is to be auctioned during the even subscribers who returned copies ing. Supper provided for those who do of The Equity of April 25, in re- not bri k,xe* A good aponse to our request.	I will be appreciated by the Club.

Brown Optical
%

COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Self Preservation
" 5
Attendance
9*
we must get to a present market basis and prepare for the enevit-able SLUMP which will surely come.
% *
> '
Otir friend Thomas Shore, the monument dealer, has erected
H
X	M	ST. CiKosuiE’s Amateur Dramatic
some fine stones in the cemetery Society will present three short Plays at Fort Coulonge.	I entitled :

552 St. Catherine West
>

It
UPTOWN 49S2
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near btamey St

Average Mill Prices today on
Our 10c. Cheese Cloth is ll^c.
“ 20 Light Prints 22^
“ 20 Cottons “ 25 Shirt Ginghams 28i M 30	* Drills
and so on through the entire list.

Birth»
FOUND—On Saturday night, June 8tb, a lady's blue waterproof coat. Owner mav have same by calling on W. E. Maitland, Shawville.
24
40
FOR SALE- I 2 year old Ayrshire bull, and 1 yearling bull. Both purebred animals. from aplendid sire and good cows. Apply to David McDowell, Shawville.
Marnage»
Program for
Next Sunday
/	pkwBULD—Draper. -
In 8t. Maty's Church. Qnyon. on FOR SALE—8 pure bred Yorkshire | ||| Wednesday morning of June 5th, Hog Mgs. Ready for delivery.
ft wedding of unusual interest	Miir>'!;Ui,i
place when Miss Mae Draper,
I daughter of Mr and Mrs. Patrick anm Draper, became the wife of Mr. i Raymond McDonald, B. A., of Vancouver, B C., and son of Mrs.
Jas. McDonald, of Arnprior.
spaniel puppy which
11, ». m. Dr. Bussell will .peak : The given by Principal Hunting, as Value of the VUion. _	the pn»e in a drawing contMt in
Message that bas taniled thousands who was ou a visit to her brother all over America. All the men and Dr. Fowled at the time. The Q _ lyoutbs of the town and community 0f $25.00 was realized from the ought to hear it :	Hebrew Hercules drawing.	jgr
—Power of Purity.
6, p. m. The Gateway to God.
was
Apply to
<
Tl%e best possible Bargain Sale we can put on is to maintain present prices for the balance of this month
then the Advance
took
FOR SALE—Two good young milking cow# for sale. Apply to Mr*. R Strutt. Shawville.	¦

FARM FOR SALE-East half of lot 28, 3rd ranger Clarendon. For farther particular* apply to Mrs. M Gagnon, Portage du Fort. Que.
The Equity congratulates the following young ladies on having successfully passed their examinations for Teachers diplomas Ma nald liege, whi in tu-The members of Pioneer O. Y. B. tion they attended during the Lodge, No. SM, are requested to (past year : meet with the brethren at the Orange Hall, at 6 80 p. m.e on Sim-1 Mr. ai day. June 23, where they will as- Lillie semble and parade to the Metlio- Mrs. J ist Church, for the purpose of gast, ttending Divine Worship !	¦¦¦¦
All brethren are requeued
Deaths
FOR SALE McLaughlin Car. In good order. A real snap. Apply A. Cahill. Campbell* Bay.
at
A pioneer settler of the town-
WP OFLitehfield, and also one of __________________________________
the oldest residents of the county. | FOR SALE-Four second hand Dug passed to his rest on Monday of gie*. In good order. Also two set* last week, when Mr. James Ferri-'good Single Harness. R. J. Hamilton, gnn, laid down the burden of this! Shaw
entered up- that —
beyond the vale. He was in the WANTED—A girl to do housework fori
I Wedoe^,, morning to Vinton W. B. St.pWns, K 5 No. J.	HI
jR. C. Church auu cemetery,
ilniigh
fofMÎ
Miss
ter of
ss
#
¦ r. and e Prender-ond Mrs. of C'laren-
W. A. HODGINS
1

These
to
eir sc
s. at the
(tend.
By order of YV. M.
Bay. Que.






\

		





1

' : 1


###PAGE###2###
I •
-

f*
?
f a load, because they
Wagon WMom
easy progress
To choose s satisfactory farm distribute the -ircssure over a larger wagon requires either experience or surface, is typical of a num er o advice. There is a vast difference in fundamental principles easy of (hs-
¦fer - *¦»	», “jï ïïüçsïüSî
the load well forward in a wagon
But this Is
ind
A Vital Necessity In Peace or War
tHE operations of Hydro-Electric and 1 Public Utility Companies are a vital necessity to the industrial and social welfare of Canada, and are as essential in times of peace as in war.
This is one of the reasons we recommend the Bonds of well-managed HydroElectric and Public Utility Companies serving growing communities.
Send for list of Hydro-Electric and Public Utility Bonds yielding 6% to 8%.
Nesbitt, Thomson & Company
Investment Bankerm	Limited
Mercantile Trust Bldg.	•	• Hamilton
222 St. James Street	-	-	Montreal
o
l
V
wagon*,
apt to regret it many time*.
Naturally, your particular use for a wagon will be the first consideration, lightens it, in effect.
By Agronomist	but in any case you have a right to ex-, t[ue	onl7	wh*n	the	wsgon	s	opes
sufficient general Interest, It will	be answered through this column.	air-and	kiln-drie<i.	Demand	the	greater	weight should	go	to	the	res ,
SBfiS æ-—i
**
the money, but because he either wants	rially better than the man who keeps	ory doubietree of course, there	parts of the wagon well painted; this
a pastime or wants to leave some	onîy	&>od grade stuff. It is not en-	mugt ^	metaj sieeve for the reach	keeps out moisture and the resultant
monument for himself which is very ough to keep stuff that is registered, ^ through; metal plates or col- rot.—L. E. E. enduring and it is	true that	there is	it is imperative	to keep the	best	of	kra gt	the wear	greatly	prono more enduring	monument	than to	registered stuff.	The surplus	animals	^ a	^gon's life,
establish a superb herd of dairy produced from a herd kept on this ^ begt woodg for the wagon box animals because with such an esUb- basis are always in demand while the ^ „ow poplar and three-inch quar-lishment it is a fact that many of surplus animals from a herd kept on ^-sawed yellow pine flooring—the these animals will become a matter of the basis of registry alone very often former for tbe gjdegf t)le iatter for the
history and their offspring will march drug and even opiate the market fl(X)r The bottom should be rein	-	.	.	.	_
down through the ages as long as, Many people say, ‘‘If your registered forced beneath with strips of oak. It And f°r haPP* f®art a dairy cattle are kept, which will be as	stuff	is all like that, quality trade	ppobably	is unnecessary to remind	Folk Passed me amiling, so 1
long as the civilization of man is in	stuff	is plenty good enough f^r me	anyone of	the importance of rub irons	To see how dark the world had grow
the progressive phase. One of the and I would much rather have it. In ^ tect the box from the front quickest ways to attain the blue with this way the market for P?^T* wheels' faction in turning, the breeding herd is to buy a bull with animals is usually discounted for the The reaigtance encountered in mov-individuality and excellent breedii^ poor registered breeders by the good g wajfon and jta jg termed
that may be placed at the head of the grade breeders.	“draft." Reduction of draft always
It has been said by old breed-1 It is necessary sooner or later in ^ been a primary aim in wagon ers who realize the value of quality in order to nave ones efforts crowned t
the products they have to sell, that a with success to «t into the blue by wggon can be and yet ^ amply man can put as much into a herd head- securing a fine .n^.v.dual to place jt|#tIon for the owner-, purpose, the the combined value of all his, the head of the breeding establish-, ^ter-that is, as regards economy This adv.ce is given out by so ment. Progress secured through In- q( horge	r and time in trans-
many good breeders of proven ability troduction of high-class females s tjon But thf gize and ghape 0f
at its face value and invest In a bull class with the females that are	'	"	‘ l°
whose quality cannot be questioned, brought in.	Nothing is truer than
Another way which is some slower that the herd header is the index to but just as effective, however, is for the value of the herd and this being two or three breeders to combine and true, one of superior quality must be take the very best cows or heifers secured either by outright purchase they have, at least two, and sen 1 or indirectly by sending the cream of them to a bull of unquestioned super- the females to a superior bull and de-lority for breeding the service fees are sometimes very high, but this wo y of getting extra fine individuals is much less expen eive than to try to buy males with the breeding and individuality that use among the young stock wffl have. Of course, the idea in sending these cows away more b to secure, if possible, a male that other
\

r
1
s
•fan
*# of

GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX


By Andrew F. Currier, M.D
Hia Girl.
The day you went away to France I came back through the streets alone With burning eyes and feet that drag-
Or. Carrier will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If yoef ««action Is of general Interact it will be answered through these columns; If sot It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is ee>
1ÏKL £.<2K.T sssrïïî S'wST'SaSÎJ'Sîn'ÏSS
•t. West Toronto
ged,

M. E.—Will you please explain nerve trouble T How does it effect • person? Does it affect the heart?
Answer—Nervousness may be an evidence of diseased organs end tissues; or that the psych le part of the individual, the will, desires, emotions, senses, are out of joint and have gone on strike.
This term is dear to the heart of those who are* nervous, and few of them would be willing to give it up for any other.
With doctors the condition la known under such terms as nervous excitement, neurasthenia, hysteria and hypochondria.
It is perhaps best expressed by the term “nervous excitement.”
Nervousness from real disease, or from an impending event of seriousness and great importance, is easily understood, and it would be a rare person who did not suffer from ner-
pending upon getting a son of thU	,----------.	.	.	....	| vou* excitement under such conditions,
ffa-risiir„î5ri2	w gs ssn suits rtstrtar-,nd
the last one is the least expensive of "Yes—by sheer good luck," grunted bnüdinp more carefully than we have Again, a child with scarlet fever,
the two and is probably best fitted for the owner of Maple Grove Farm, pick- “«i doin*-	with parched mouth and heated body,
small breeders of small ing a dented fire pail from the cin- P0"1™®*) whitewash, with a litue wlth unbalanced mind and uncontroll-
finances, especially if there are two or ders. "The wind happened to be “It added,	P°“‘bl”	able restlessness, may have hie ner-
living In close proximity to each blowing the other way; that was all." fireproof paint. Did you know tftatT V0UgneM or nervous excitement as a
:	..	. T .	, nroe spreading. These partitions should ^ or compelled to go to bed when
I thought so, too. 1 had a pres- ; of course cut right through the roofs he prefers to sit up, whereupon he sure-tank in the pit under my shop, and frame walls, and can be made of crjeg a and a gravity-tank over it, on a high brick, cement block, hollow tile or dishes or
But the fire started in metal lath plastered with cement All er»g bead
doors through such partitions must be This, also, is nervous excitement or tightly covered with tin on both sides, nervousness, but has no direct rela-Fire-exJtinguiehers are good things tion ^ dise&se.
to have handy.	Or a woman cries or laughs im-
If you have a water-syatem it moderately perhaps over trifles, or is should keep head enough to throw a unable to keep quiet or has a foregood stream against the highest point boding of evil, scolds, or finds fault of any building. A pressure at the continually, and we are compelled to ground of thirty pounds will shoot the say this woman is laboring under water about forty feet in the air, us- gtrong nervous excitement or simply ing two-and-a-half-inch fire hose. that she is hysterical
If you have only the ordinary gar- When nervousness proceeds from condition whlc% is based upon a den hose, a very much greater pres- diBease, we must cure the causative weak nervous system. Among them sure is necessary; the concern you disease’to get rid of the nervousness, are worry, grief, intense hurry to get buy your water-tank from will figure and we cannot prevent it except as we rich, excesses of all kinds, atmosph it ail out for you.	prevent the exciting cause.	eric extremes, and unhealthful occupa-
But the best possible fire protection ft may be an indication of insanity tions. Indoor work favors it, and is a “sprinkler system”; there are and gfcow that mind and body require nervous, highly organised people are dozens of good sorts on the market, certain remedies, whether they are especially sensitive to it. It may last and practically every factory, large suitable hygiene or food or medicines, indefinitely but It never kills except or small, is equipped with one.	When nervousness Is unaseociaicd as it leads up to some fatal discus
Then, there are all sorts'of things with disease, the great thing hi to A change in surroundings may be ai1 you caa do to keep fires from starting. the will; to determine persistent- that is necessary to throw K off. To# When I visit an old farmhouse I *1- |y not to give way until victory or often the will power is insufficient to ways examine the • chimneys very death results.	fight it successfully,
carefully; nine times out of ten I find Such a task is all the harder if the The only medicines which are suit-gaping holes right through the brick- will was not brought under some mea- able in treating it are cathartics to rework, juA	under the roof! And	then	^ure of control in early life.	gulste the bowel#, and simple tonics,
there's	the	danger	of spontaneous	Nervousness may come to anybody,	One who has It. should breathe deeply,
but it is far more common in women	stay out of doors as much as possible,
and children than in men.	exercise moderately, sleep as much as
It is less common In women who	possible by day aa well as by night
work hard, day by day, than in those	and eat only simple food. Massage,
who have been brought up in luxury | baths, and sunlight are all helpful
Cheerful company, wholesale amusement, and change and occupation are useful measures of treatment One Children have it so often that it be-1 should neither ridicule nor pamper a
neurasthenic; he is really sick, but not so sick as he thinks he is. A good doctor or nurse who can win his confidence and guide him intelligently and kindly will serve as the best possible tonic for restoring his debilitated nerves.
things worse and give you a drug habit, besides.
A sa foetid* is not a pleasant smelling drug, but a five grain pill will often cure an attack of nerves, and 1 never heard of its forming an aaafoet-ida-habit.
Useful, also, are infusions of chamomile, pennyroyal, catnip, and other herb teas dear to our grandmothers.
It would be well if we went back to these harmless remedies, gathering and drying herbs as our forebears did, and substitute them for the whole array of patent medicines.
I came home to my father's house And stood beside the empty chair Where you had stood and where we said
Our blind good-bys; the twilight air Was full of you; I had not known That life would be so hard to bear.


herd
Naturally, the lighter a
And yet—God hears!—no dusk nor dawn
Could bring me peace had you not gone.
er as
cows.

The Kimberley diamond fields were discovered in 1871.
Neurasthenia, called by foreigners the American sickness, Is not a dis* ease at all, strictly speaking, but only a collection of very uncomfortable symptoms, though it often leads to real diseases or may accompany them. It was first brought to notice by Dr. George M. Beard in 1860.
It belongs to the intense period of ltfe, particularly In men, is essentially nerve exhaustion and is thought to be due to a deficiency of oxygen in the blood. A neurasthenic is always tired always afraid something terrible ii go to happen. Everything fatigues him or makes him dizzy or gives him a headache, and he is unable to concentrate his mind upon anything apart from his own misery. Frequently he looks well except for a constantly anxious expression, and he may have fits of uncontrollable trembling. He is forgetful and - Irritable, troubled with inccmr.ia, or if he sleeps has bad dreams. His skin tingles, he has flashes of heat, his extremities are cold, his heart is weak and palpitates uncomfortably, his arteries throb, his vision is bad, his ears ring and he is annoyed subjectively by unpleasant tastes and smells. Hie digestive apparatus is constantly upset and he is always on the lookout for some new ache or ail.
Many causes may contribute to this
That wide tires favor

FARM FIRE PROTECTION


By D. Williamson

It is true that


U&WD Q/fctûaO
I stamps his feet or breaks throws things at his moth-

muemm
mitted to eat lightl> of roug> age and Precautions on the part of shippers tt landed on the pressure-tank, sma liberally of grain.	and	dealers:	>"*.the valve» off that; my gasohne
But what grain shall we feed Î This 1 When hogs are very hot, during engine and pump were in the shop
iiass.'SfMiiir - - srar- - ¦*
if we have oats we may as well feed 2- ^tore loading, clean out each are.
them, if we are fortunate enough to car and ^ with sand which, dur- Now, all this isnt an argument possess corn and have no oats we need in* dry, hot weather, should be wet- against fire protection; precisely the not buy them to mix with the corn in t** down thoroughly. Hogs in tran- opposite. My friend did not have a order to make a suitable ration. The during the night only are hot so good fire system; and so he lost sev-old notion that a horse must have oats hkely to be lost from overheating as oral thousand dollars’ worth of farm in order to do his best work must go, are the animals shipped in the day- buildings, with all their contents. Iron because there are a number of careful time. With day shipments in hot is far less fire-proof than stout tim-experimcnts which prove that if the weather it is highly advisable to sus- bers; it bends like wax, when hot, and horse is fed either ear corn or oats in ' Pend burlap sacks of ice from the ceil- should never be used for a tank-tow-equal quantities there will be practic-1 inK in various parts of the car in order er, unless set away off by itself. The ally no difference in results.	11° reduce the temperature, and in^id- pressure-tank should have been buried
The ration adapted to the needs of entally, to sprinkle the animals with in the ground. The pumping-engine the horse differs from that required c<x>l water. The ice sometimes is ought to have been in a small, isolat-by the cow. The cow must make placed in sacks on the floor, but the ed building. And so on. milk from her ration and to do this animals are likely to pile and crowd In these war-time days a farm fire requires a large amount of protein, around the cakes so that only those is as much a national calamity as the combustion from greasy rags; the Protein builds the body, and carbohyd- close to the ice are benefited The ice destruction of a munitions or a ship- danger from lightning, etc. rates furnish heat and energy. The should be sufficient to last to the des-waste of the body of the horse must be tination.
repaired and some protein is needed, 8. Do not overload. Crowding hogs but the great demand is for food that ui a car during warm weather is a will furnish energy. This is where prolific source of mortality, corn excels. Barley will practically 4. The feeding of corn, because of take the place of corn. Wheat bran its heating effect, before and during may be given in small quantities with shipment in hot weather should be re either of these grains, with good re- duced to a minimum. Oats are presuits.	ferable where a grain feed is neces-
— '	?-- sary. The maximum maintenance
Flower seeds, particularly annual», requirement of hogs in transit for are cheap and a beautiful flower gar- twenty-four hours is one pound of den may be had at a trifling cost by grain a hundredweight, or approxim-purchasing a few packets of seeds of ately three bushels of corn to a car. annuals and sowing them now in well prepared beds in the open ground.





FUNNY rOLOU
and idleness and who spend their time in frivolity o> in tasks which are of no consequence.
CUT OUT AMD FOLD ON DOTTED UNCS
i
comes a reflection on their bad Inheritance or their bad bringing up.
The patent medicine makers deluge the marie et with all sorts of nostrums for nervousness.
Gve them sa wide a berth as possible; they are very apt to make

A


3
considers a waste of time, plus fool ishness.” v •
Farming is a business and the only way to make an assured success in it is to conduct it on the same business principles known to be successful in other lines his work “conspicuously well" and know that he id doing it at a profit.
T
Or K
Do You G
ü
Plowing with a Tractor.
plowing with a I noticed that I
One man says that one
farmers are not more prosperous is because they have the habit of guessing about matters of which they Should have positive knowledge says many a farmer “guessep at everything—et the tonnage of his hay crop, never accurately known unless hay is sold; at the cort of fencing, stone picking, plowing, cultivating, manure spreading, and the amount of fertiliser used on given fields; at the amount of and cost of feed per cow, and at the weight of milk returned; at the acreage devoted to certain crops, and at the expense of time and cash such crops represent; at the cost of equipment, repairs, and at the extent and actual value of stock and tools at annual periods. To such a mind an accurate/inventory
petty is only useful as prepni for an auction sale, and to debit
After I had been tractor for a while, was not finishing up the corners of my fields in very good shape. -Of course I plowed the main part of my field by lands, but I was leaving a good-sized headland, and when the strip on each aide of the field was the same width as the headlands, I plowed around the field, throwing the dirt in toward the plowed field.
At first I would plow up to the corner while making these rounds, raise my plow as soon as I had them even with the last furrow, turn around, and drop them on a line with the fur-aet plowed, and so on around the Just as I had been used to doing
plow.
distance past corner I found
WOOL
He
One muet teem to do
Fermer» who ship their wool direct to us get tetter price the* farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK
m-
ANY FARMER!
¦ sold his wool both id nots what he says— *D1, writs us for our prices l they will show you how
GciwPstmm 17 *ellÜ>f *°th#
sæs
msæ&s
got in such a horrible condition ?* Angel Child! MI heard papa say it was too dry for him, to I watered tt"
à

Hundred# of Vancouver men, 40
years and over, have rushed to take
advantage of the low nail rates to the prairies for the summer farm

field, J
win be
farmer’s
SMOKl TUCKI I I s
team and sulky lowing a «Wt I furrow on the
1

of
By p
r pro ration
T&B PLUG-
the Ihtt
went to father**dem.
and
KV. ANDREWS
IS CHURCH #T. TORONTO
raises, for pur
rascal’s got Me serve
.» g les of unplowed land as had
I


and stud/, he
&
h

###PAGE###3###
My B+y.
With fife and drum the call has come; at last you've got the chance
To a trike a blow againet the foe for freedom and for France,
For all that England holy holds, our own birthright of joy.
And I would I might be with you, 0 my boy, my boy.
The world were but a sorry place of madly setting suns.
Were we to face (ah, dark disgrace) the triumph of the Huns;
Rather to smite by day and night where their grim homts deploy
And I would Î might be with you, 0 my boy, my boy!
CONSTIPATION :
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
Designs for Summer Wear
for many
responsible
I often Mel d

MADE IN CANADA


Hew to loosen • tender corn or eel lue so It lifts out without pain.


tie
Let folks step on your feet hereafter; wear shoes a aixe smaller if you like, for corns will never >gain •end electric sparks of pain through you, according to this Cincinnati authority.
He mays that a few drops of a drug called freezone, applied directly upon a tender, aching corn, instantly relieves soreness, and soon the entire j jtn0(W you will not falter, and I know corn, root and all, lifts right out.	you will not fail,
This drug dries at once and simply Though the Great Will save not from shrivels up the corn or callus without even irritating the surrounding tissue.
A small bottle of freezone obtained at any drug store will cost very little but will positively remove every hard or soft corn or callus from one’s foot.
If your druggist hasn't stocked this new drug yet, tell him to get a small bottle of freezone for you from his wholesale drug house.
PURGATIVE WATER
the taiesttoee and removes the accumulated waste matter wMcb under-
langera life, le everywhere
RIGA PURGATIVE WATER CO.
A
26 sente the bottle
On
MONTREAL.
military experts is perhaps the most charming feature of their discussions; but “camouflage" remains as French in sound in this country as in its own, and every one uses It. Here, however, it has become so elastic as to be the recognised term for any kind of pretence whatsoever.
Another French word which also gets its full value in the Anglo-Saxon mouth la “barrage"; but “barrage" has no general usage. The word “raid" is as old as the Scottish border, but will never again be employed, I Imagine, except in association with attacks by air. At first we always said “air raid," but now “raid" alone is sufficient. Should the enemy find any other way of hitting at the heart of us there will be another word than “raid" to describe his effort#. And to these I would add that early flower of Armageddon speech, “moratorium," which for a while most of us took to be the name of a new liner.
Perhaps the most notable slang phase that the war has produced la “to gat the wind up," meaning to upset, or “rattle," or put the fear of God into. But I speak only from the point of the homekeeping observer, aware merely of such expressions as get into London parlance. Soldiers on active service no doubt could supply columns of new terms.	-
SMC mi TUC KI T TS
T&B CUT
ill and you should kiss the Grail; Across the tide in prayer and pride I send you this last ahoy—
And I would I might be with you, O my boy, my boy.

U
ROYAL
YEAST
To the Men at Home.
No war la won by cannon Are alone;
The soldier boars the grim and dreary role;
He dies to serve the Flag that he has known; x '
His duty is to gain the distant goal,
But if the toiler in his homeland fair
Falter in faith and shrink from every test
If he be not on duty ever, there;
Lost to the cause Is every soldier's
The Itemized Account.
Tommy—Half of ’em we got with machine gun Are, half of ’em with rifle, then we Axed bayonets and killed another half of ’em!"
Funny Man—And what happened to the rest?
Tommy—Oh, we took 'em prisoners.
Slacker Lands in Wartime.
The great menace of Are unquestionably is to the future of our timber supply. In the piney woods, particularly, repeated fires are fatal to the establishment of reproduction; while are very good lines to this $n the hardwoods the trees, though McCall Pattern No. not always killed, are stunted and deformed and laid- open to fungus and insect attack. As young growth seldom has an Immediate commercial value, its loss is usually ignored—the fact |jiat a crop has been destroyed, being overlooked. The loss in such a case is as real as if merchantable timber were destroyed—the destruction of a ten-year-old stand postponing under present conditions, the date of a possible harvest from fifteen to twenty years, if not indefinitely. At the same time, the land burned over has, to all intents and purposes, been rendered unproductive for a corresponding period. Herein lies the importance of Are protection from an economic standpoint, for no potentially productive land should be allowed to lie idle. The community has a right to and will, sooner or later, demand that it be producing something.
After the chicks are six weeks old hopper feeding is best, and the exer* ciae they get in seeking feed is beneficial mKmÈÊÊÊÊÊÈËÈimmm need feed and when they have had enough.
The chick* know when they
beet.
“Boy* flying kites haul in their white, winged birds,
You can’t do that way when you’re flying words,
Thoughts unexpressed may sometimes fall back dead,
But God himself can’t help them when they’re said.’’
There
Princess slip.
8197, Ladies’ Three-Piece Princess Slip. In 6 sixes, 84 to 42 bust. Price, 20 cents.
The men at home, the toiler in the shop,
The keen-eyed watcher oh the spinning drill
Hear no command to vault the trench's top;	,
They know not what it is to die or . kill, P
A yd yet they must be brave and constant, too,
'Upon them Hes their precious country’s fate;
They also serve the Flag as soldiers
OR TRAIT AGENTS WANTING
finishing a specialty:
rices:
P
good prints: frames and everything at lowest pi quick service. united Art Co.. 4 B wick Ave., Toronto.
EEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR SALS In New Ontario. Owner going to France. Will sell $2.000. Worth double that amount. Apply J. H„ c/o Wilson Publishing Co.. Limited. Toronto.
W
Will Carleton.
NE EIGHTY HORSE-POWER Boiler, with 200 ft. of 2| in. pipe;
second-hand Sawyer-
Grey
O
stiff-leg Herrick ¦
Massey Tractor Engine Castings made to order. Foundry. Tweed. Ont
l
^^^¦roa
The Domlnloe
MINARD'S LINIMENT is the only Liniment asked for at my store and the only one we keep for sale.
All the people use it.
do;
’Tis their# to make a nation’s army great
You hold your country’s honor in your care.
Her glory you shall help to make or mar;
For they, who now her uniform must wear
Can be no braver soldiers than you
are.
From day to day, in big and little deeds,
At bench, or lathe or desk or stretch of soil,
You are the man your country sorely needs I
Will you not give to her your finest toil ?
THE ROYAL SILVER WEDDING
ell equipped newspaper
end job printing plant In EesUn* Ontario. Insurance carried 11.600. Will go for 11.200 on guVk #*1»
Wilson Publishing Co Ltd.. T
W
King George and Queen Mary Will Célébrité 25 Years of Married Life.
HARLIN FULTON
Box #t
oronto
Pleasant Bay, C.B.
The ninth year of King George's reign, which has just opened, will be marked by an event that has not occurred for well over a century—the celebration by a British monarch and his consort of their silver wedding while still on the throne, says a London despatch. The anniversary falls in the middle of July, and although the war will necessarily interfere with the commemoration of the day, arrangements already are in progress to mark the completion of the quarter century of married life.
No war Is woo by cannon fire alone. The City of London, for instance, is The men at home must also share raising funds which will be placed at . the fight,	their majesties’ disposal for distri-
By what they are a nation’s strength bution among various war charities, is shown,	x	and many other communities will fol-
The army but reflects their love of low this example.
right.	While presents from public bodies
Will you not help to hold our battle will mostly be of this nature, it is ^ line,	probable that the Queen’s bridesmaids
Will you not*give the fullest of your j will be permitted to give a personal powers,
In sacrifice and service that is fine,
That victory shall speedily be ours.

Arsenate of lead is generally used in place of paris green for eating and chewing insects and is less likely to burn. Two pounds of powder or four pounds of paste are used to 60 gallons of water or Bordeaux mixture.
SUFFERED TWO YEARS
WITH PIMPLES
Perennial plants which usually give good satisfaction on the north side of buildings are saxifrage umbrosa, do-ronicum plantagineum, iris, oenothera biennis, hypercium calycinum, violets, Japanese anemones, ferns, lily of the valley.
m
It adheres better
Child Could Not Sleep Till * Cuticura Healed.
Low-priced tea is a delusion for it yields so poorly in the teapot that it
Daintily .impie i. this corset cover •= actually an extravagance compared end petticoat. McCall Pattern No. with the genuine Salada Tea, which 8346, Ladies' One-Piece Corset Coyer. I yields so generously and has such a In 6 sizes, 84 to 42 bust. Price, 16 delicious flavor cents.	No. 8117, Ladies’ Three-
Piece Petticoat. In 7 sizes, 22 to 34 waist. Price, 20 cents.	“Good morning, children," said an
These patterns may be obtained arithmetic teacher. “How many of from yeur local McCall dealer, or you have prepared an original prob-from the MeCfcU Co., 70 Bond Street, lem in multiplication, as I request-Toronto, Dept W
Milk is the best single food for the proper development of growing children ||||||||||||||||||||||||l(|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
êràl use; a quart of milk a day for each child is a good rule to re mem-
MMy little brother suffered for sboot from tiny red pimples. They appeared constantly on hie body but he had the ' ' greatest trouble under hie =» f ft care. The akin was rad ^ / and very sore aftd at the ' feast touch he would give a howl of pain. After a Sew seconda he would have to scratch, and he was not able to sleep.
MA friend advised me to send for Cuticura Soap and Ointment. I noticed a change, and I used three cakes of
Louis Frank, 746 City Hall Ave., Montreal, Que., Februa^r 2,
Keep your skin clear by using CutS-cura Soap and Ointment for everyday toilet purposes.
For Free Sample Each by Mail address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A, Boeton, U. B. A." Sold everywhere-
two years
Expert dieticians urge its lib
ber
And Teacher Fainted
Potatoes will bake more quickly, have a better flavor, and instead of shrinking up fill the skins to the full if rubbed with dripping before baking.
gift When King Edward and Queen Alexandra celebrated their silver wedding, the latter’s attendants presented their autographs, bound in a THE COINAGE OF WAR WdftDS. silver book, enshrined in a silver cas---------------------	, ket Of Danish work.
A Few of the Many New Terms Add- As was the case then, Queen Mary’s vd to Our Language.	bridesmaids are all alive to-day,
m i u-i though not all in England. They It is obviously impossible in limited number ten—the Queen of Norway,
space to mention more than a few of ^ Queen of Spain# the Crown Prin-
the more striking words which the cegg of Sweden pinces* Victoria,
war has given us, says an Englian	daughters of the Duke of Edin-
writer. Let me begin with one in feurgh	Patricia, Princess
very common use, ' camouflage. 1 Helena <nd Lady Louisa Mountbatten. cannot remember any instance of a	---1_.	. —
foreign word so peculiarly un-English HUN BRUTALITY TO PRISONERS, this not only being so rapidly and ,	----
universally >dopted but also being so ^ Q<;rroan	Over Shooting of
rarely mispronounced. I still often overhear knots of men who in their talk about the war refer to the Kay scr, and the utter anglicization' of.
French battle names by public house
ed?’’
Only one hand went up.
“Well, William, you may give your problem and the rest of the class may solve it.’’
“If my baby sister is a year old and weighs twenty pounds, and
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
GIRLS! WHITEN SKIN
WITH LEMON JUICE
Make a beauty lotion for a few cents to remove tan, freckles, sal low ness.
Your grocer has the lemons and any drug store or toilet counter will supply you with three ounces of orchard white for a few cents. Squeeze the juice of two fresh lemons into a bottle, then put in the orchard white and shake well. This makes a quarter pint of the very best lemon skin whitener and complexion beautifier
. À.	.	. _	,	. known. Massage this fragrant,
Another account of German bsxb.r- ^ lotion daily into the face, ty to prisoners comes from Switser-	ermg and ^dg and jugt gee haw
Und A neutral, former y living m Cockles, tan, sallowness, redness and Berlin, met a sergeant m the German hnegg digappear and how smooth, army who had seemed humane in the goft gnd clear the gkin becomes. Ves!
old days when he was a music teach-	jg fa^less, and the beautiful rear, but now gloated over the manner	^ ^ gurprige you.
in which he and his com pâmons had	____ +------- _
marched a large detachment of Brit- Unlicensed Eating Houses Illegal, ish wounded through. Germany. The Qn gnd after Saturday> June i,t, it captors were mounted the prisoners becomgg , for restaurant keep-
âf!^.trudîing ,26	?'le8 e day; ers to remain in business unless they
“When they lagged,” the sergeant havg a ,lcenge from the Canada Food
said, “we drew our revolvers and shot Board This applies also to boarding them down. Out of @00 only 170 ar hon Irving twenty-feur meals rived at our destination. That is war. d to outsiders, other than the Our German principle is to get peace £ouiehold or members of the family, quickly, and we must wage war ruthlessly. Those are our orders." r
now
keeps on gaining two ounces a day until she is sixteen years old; and if the price of living doubles again in the next ten years, how much will my sister’s graduation outfit cost? Mother says she would like to know.”
WHITE SHOE DRESSING
UQUIDuVCAKE
THE MAKING OF A FAMOUS
MEDICINE
MONEY ORDERS.
When ordering goods by mail send a Dominion Express Money Order.
as
For Men’s Women's and Children s Shoes
Wounded British Captives
»
Sufficient Sugar for Canning
6
s
are vxious
about their preserves for next winter «y fTMïïTTTTjri STOPS may take comfort. The Food Board	LAM € HESS
announces that there will be sufficient if from a Bone Spavin, Ring Bone, sugar in the country for the preserv- W Splint. Curb, Side Bone, or similar
32««l I	h, _
their natural juices and medicinal substances are at their best The most successful solvents are used to extract the medicinal properties from these herbs.
Every utensil and tank that comes in contact with the medicine is sterilized and as a final precaution In cleanliness the medicine is pasteurized and sealed In sterile bottles.
It Is the wonderful combination of roots and herbs, together with the skill and care used in its preparation which has made this famous medicine so successful in the treatment of female ills.
The letters from women who have been restored to health by the use of Lydia E. Pinkhem’s Vegetable Compound which we ere continually publishing attest to its virtue.	,

Housekeepers who
How Lydia E. Pinkham’* Vegetable Compound Is Prepared For
Woman’s Use.
^BSORBINE
Ilejf
where thle
sure
tion will be necessary in the mean time.
;v: Wa
Baney
Adds Richness
to wheat and lends to its flavor, when
combined in the
Sturdy cereal
W. F.Y0UN6, f. 0. F-S16 IjMM w*., Msatrssl. Css.
%
in
Hard on the Lions.
The Rev. Charles H. Spurgeon’s keen wit was always based on sterling common sense, one of his sons
“Can you tell me the reason why the lions didn’t eat Daniel ?"
.. “No, sir. Why was it?"
“Because the most of him was backbone and the rest was grit."

Not His Turn.
The Scottish character is a compound of vices and virtues in which “thrawnness” (Anglice "obstinacy”) and modesty are strongly represented. The other day an officer good-bye to one of his men who had been awarded the D.C.M., and who had, in consequence, been granted ten days’ leave. “Well, corporal,” said the officer, “it’s a proud mother that’ll be waiting to greet you when you get home this time.”
“What’ll she be proud for?” queried the corporal, with a puzzled expression.
“Of your medal, of course,” was the
answer.
“But I don’t think she knows. I’ve got It, sir,” said the corporal.
“WhatI Haven’t you told her?”
“Well, no, Ar. You see It wasn’t my turn to write.
Cuttings of chrysanthemums made now will make good planta for autumn flowering.	. ^	1 JT " •
“A woman’s insight is sometimes vorth a Ufc'a experience.”—Oliver Wendell Holmes.	. . . v ..

Cause of Early Old Age
I
t
One day he said to
i
%

i
The celebrated Dr. Michenhoff, an autho.ity on early old age, •ay» that It ie “caused by poisons generated in the Intestine.” When your stomach digests food properly It I» absorbed without forming poisonous ¦!
bidding

#
50*
Increased Garden Acreage
Mr. F. Abraham, Honorary man of the Vacant Lot and Garden Section of the Canada Food Board, estimates an increased garden acreage of at least 200 per cent, over that of last year. Great efforts will have to be made to can, dry and store the surplus stock.
tter. Pol-
Grapefluts
Chair-
Home
sons bring
The Magic Healing Olntmenf—
premature death. 15 to SO drops
of ••SeigeTl Syrup” after meals
ieee, tack ss bum», balls, piles smi abscesses—«
All ieskis, of write as.
Soothes snS heals all Inis
ScsKs. blisters
soil 1er ever 25 rears
16
HI*ST REMIDY COMPANY, Hswlliea, Csa#*%
No prepared
cereal food excels Grape Nuts in nourishment,
economy or digestibility.
S
0%'N

Save bacon until Berlin ie taken
Before putting delicate colored gar ment» in the wash dip them In a pail of water containing a tabteepoonful of turpentine and dry. This insures fast tint». fl à £.	v
“There's a Reason
#
ISSUE No. 24-—’IS
###PAGE###4###




1 h' «">"*•	»'!d Cowan tint wiierws ,	There he* just	been	formed	a	Quels*
, lin* iiroceedings in t in- nuittei ap|ieai	section	of the	league,	and	tkf directors
irregular tin* count tl take no present jecognise that without a hi lingual es-Hvtmu t hereon, amt tlint the Siv. Trcnv vutt lieon it would la* impossihl#
U* authorized to inlorm Nr. Michael Vure the interest of the majority of Gibbons, of Quyou that it will 1* necea- French Canadians of this province and
V:	-,.....7.....£Æ!Ï
within	a	few	days	setting forth	that	it	Vsted parties, asking for what they re	llorUmt	iVilgU(
is	not	the	intention	of	the	military	«pure or desire in this matter. -Carried
authorities to call out the 19-year old ^r \N m. Hudgins. M. !.. A., address
Ælr t • %!;%%%	,i,ul
next, when it was unwed hy conns. . iûiylli% n	«
Belee and Gilpin that this council grant I ' Mfir J- f
#50 for this purpose for the posent . I he ohp*ct of the Navy League is to year. — Carried.	interest the population of Quebec in
A copy of a letter from K. W. Beatty, the Nav.v* u,ul «wrt particularly to inVice President and General Counsel for	it* youth in a naval career and in
the Canadian PaeiHc Bail way Co., ad the mv,vhrtnt marine, to facilitate the dressed to the Boanl of Railway Com transportation to foreign markets of the missioners, in reference to an applica- pf'duets ot our farms, forests, mines lion made to said IWrd hy Mr. I>. B. AIHi manufactures. The inland French Barry for better train service on the ^ anadian is more attached to the soil Waltham Branch of the C. I\ It., was A,ltl “idustry ; but Ins brother from the read, when it was movmi by conns. ! ‘,0Wvr ¦ J* I^wrencv part ot the pro-McNally and Dunn, that having taken \mef\ 811,1 an hereditaJy piydilec-cognizance of the answer given by the ;!*"u ,ul t,H‘ st*as- Sons of the pioneers C. P. It. Co. to the petition tiled on our of Hnttany and Normandy, they have behalf, we respectfully insist that the I preserved through centuries a natural
grievances recited therein lie heard, as j ,,,u'! 1 l,!’’lMVan* 1,1C Navy League we believe we are in a tuition to sub- ! t beivt->re not only performs a necessary stantiate the same, and that the Sec. duty, but also affords an opportunity to Treas. be instructed to for want a copv Nltl8,.v AM mlM>m (,vsilv- 1,1 order to k this resolution to the Board of lUil^l encourage the joining ot the Navy
League, all literature and advertising matter will from now on lie published in bilingual form in the Province of Quebec.
THE EQUITY.



m

SHAWVILLE. JUNE 20,1918.
M
e to se
"SJ

....



M**
¦r.Mf efv ,W1 » ' j

1M
y
\ concession was therefore made in
Quebec, which
the case of the
favor of the Province of
Cm
«Ml
/
\
X
Canada Must Grasp
This Opportun!^ to Become
pfÀGreat Maritime Nation
\ J&i AN ADA has everything in her favor at this present moment. She has the cvn. materials
and money to build and man her own ship#. If it pays Norway to builJ ships in Canada, it is high Vmc wt built them for ourselves.
®Let us make the for all time, as is our right.
produced by the measures already taken


f
Whilst the enemy was practically held to a standstill in his attack on that
ln>rtion of the western front where his latest drive was projected, and even driven back at certain points with the loss of prisoners and gnus, the outlook is still regarded with great anxiety. It is realized that Germany is planning to deliver another terrific blow, as despite her enormous losses, she has still a force of reserves large enough to launch
C
of this opportunity and we will become i great maritime nation

776e Navy League o/Canadà
fp
un offensive greater, i>erhaps, than any hitherto undertaken

WANTS MEMBERS
The ex|iecteil blow may come at any moment, hut

It is being organized throughout the Dominion to represent the solid body of public opinion that is even now arising.
The Navy League will do practical work, such as providing relief for our Canadian sailors and their dependents, as is done in the Navy League of the British Empire; in raising Naval Brigades among the younger men movement akin to the Cadets and Scouts; as well as in giving the nation firm support in its programme of shipbuilding and development of harbors and of our splendid natural resources.
where it will fall is a matter <>f conjee
In the opinion of exerts who | way Commissioners <>f Canada
l ini.
Car
turc
have studied the situation, there arc three goals at which the enemy may strike, viz
Vr. Vo wan intnxiuced the question of the advisability of converting or reinvesting the county's Sinking Fund ini T1 therefore a splendid channel port of Valais. As the situation Canadian Government or Victory Bonds I for the rising generation to turn to the htood on Saturday the road to Paris is an<l after considerable discussion it was career followed by their forefathers ; to
rr	ïÆtri*
r o< h s ltserNts, and therefore thr r renvli authorized to investigate all arrange- whose daunt less ness and bravery was capital stands in no immediate danger, monts made with the Bank of Ottawa once the admiration of the whole world But should the offensive be shifted sud-1 re. the investment of the county’s Sink-1 —Communicated.
denly to a relatively distant sector of I Fund lor the redemption at matur-v .	.	,	ity of the bonds issued under By law
the line, there is a possibility of ano- #), if they consider it advisable
ther thrust of some magnitude eventual | to do so to procure legal advice as to the
ing before reserves could be brought up legality of converting or re investing
to relieve the strain. A satisfactory l™1* Sinking Fund in Canadian Govern
nient \ ictory Bonds.—Carried.
.	....	. An adjournment was moved by conns
turc of the whole situation is this : The | Cowan and Ward.—Carried.
H. T. Hvruman.
8ee.-Treas. Co. Pontiac Bryson, Que., 13th June, 191*.
Paris, Amiens and the
QUEBEC DIVISION
The Quebec Division of the Navy League of Canada should assume the 'ead in this movement. In this Province we have many of the finest harbors, we have a shipbuilding industry well past the initial stages, we have a race of people bred to the sea and who make sailors that other nations are glad to get.
Quebec should easily raise 25.000 members of the League, and these members will be the men and women who read this, not necessarily directly connected with sea traffic, but who are genuinely anxious to participate m the greatest movement ever inaugurated for the advancement of Canada.
Join today. Mail your application for membership to the Secretary of the Quebec Division of the Navy League of Canada, 57 Common Street. Montreal.
Membership fee, $2 (entitles member to Navy League Button and to yearly subscription to League Magazine). The magazine alone is worth two dollars.
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Beyond that we have millions of dollars' worth of produce that must be shipped overseas, and it cannot be shipped to greater advantage than *n Canadian -owned, v 1,1 dun-built, and Canadian-manned vessels.
and important as well as re-assuring fee
Copenhagen is used differently
from ordinary chewing tobScco.
Take a arm a in pinch, for a start, and put it between the lower hp and gum, in the centre.
Afterwards you cam increase the size of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you deeire.
Copenhagen Is strong, because
u'* .to,ba70 <>f 7hlc,h 11 18 i* Rheumatism, Kidney, Stomach and
cut into fine grains, which makes It	1	1
Mayor |	its 9trp^h thoroughly and | ^sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Tienne, a litre 'frinrlV goee a ong way. showing that Oopenhagwn s not only an unusually economical ohew but also one of the finest quality, being made of the beet
Couns. McLellan and Graham now old, rich, high-flavored tobacco 1	.	.	.	...
took their seats at the board.	__	'	tor rheumatism or kidney trouble,
W. J. Tubman's bill fur rolling thu	'	this medicine ha» no e-iual, and it is
road in his division, laid over from last New Austrian Drive Falls. highly recommended for indigestion, meeting, was again considered and my-1	.	I dyspepsia, biliousness, sick er sour «tom-
ment refused.	¦ new Austrian drive launched on | ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss
Regular quarterly session held at I \ request was presented from 1>. ! Sat unlay on the front between the of np>p>etitv and asthma. If you have a CimplieHs Bay on W ednesday, 12th Hassell re. labor fmni lot 3-b range 3	1UU* Bretim rivers, the object of sore back or sluggish kidneys two to five
June, 1918.	I Bequest refused.	I w,lich WAS to ^ch the Venetian Plains, doses will remove the trouble.
Members present : The	Warden, W.	Andrew Roy asked to have a road	^ re;x)rttxl to have l)ccn a dismal fail-	A. J.	Miller, grocer	and	1 taker,	lien-
R. Macdonald, Esq., and	Councillors	opened on the 3rd con. line to give him	ure’ invft<*ers being driven back over	frew,	writes	î	“I	had	rheumatism	in
Christopher Jennings, Michael Dunn, access to his property. Investie on I ^rouT1‘* h^in^d in the initial rush my shoulders for «over a year. I used Richard Kennedy, Win. Lalielle, Charles promised.	;with the loss ot nearly two thousand | two botties of your Victory Rheumatic
Belec, James Ward, Paul McNally, Geo Motion — Killoran and McLellan — I prisoners Dpgg, Joseph Gilpin, W ni. McCleary, That the following bilb be paid W:sThomas J. A. Cowan, Duncan a. Meldrum, one lamb killed bv Campbell, W illiam Burden, and A ictor ,|0gs valued at #13.30 ; net Mercier.	payment,
Councillors Jennings Dagg, Cowan | W. C. v
A petition was presented from rcsi-1 ary diploma. Duties to commence on read and adopted on motion ot couns.	dents and others in the vicinity of Kil-	August 19th, 1918. Apply on or liefore
Cainpliell and Kennedy.	roy’s Bay, asking to have a road opened	June 25th, stating experience and salary
Bills trom Hugh Ross for services a* r from John Cruickshank's to Kilroy's | ex|acted to six*cial superintendent on the North Bay. No action taken in the matter, and South Onslow town line amounting a petition was presented by rate-to $10, and from J. A. Cowan for print- payers of Norway Bay asking to have ing notices of By-law No. amounting L road opened from Norway Bay station to $4, were read, and their -payment to Norway Bay.
authorized on motion of couns. Belec Motion — Killoran and McLellan -and Gilpin.	That couns. Graham and Campbell le
A letter iron the City Clerk of Lon- appointed to interview Rev. Macfarlane don, tint., with a form of petition to the about a right-of-way, and if procured Governor-General requesting that the that they piroceeî! at once to advertise Dominion Government furnish insur- and sell a job of making this road, anoe to our soldiers overseas was read, J. H. McKillop appeared re. the fenc-and the Warden and Secretary author- jng 0f the gravel pit bought from him. ized to sign the petition on behalf of the Motion—Killoran and Graham Council, on motion of couns. Ward and Mr. McKillop be granted twenty dollars Thomas.	\ towards the cost of fencing this gravel
A copy of resolution of Litchfield | pit ; he to maintain the fence in future.
Council piassed on the 4th June, instant,
requesting County Council to take no I That coun. Campihell insp>ect and buy if further action in regard to making Cla suitable a gravel pit from James Ade. remlon and Litchfield jointly responsi- Motion — Graham and Campibell — ble for the making and maintenance of That coun. Killoran and Henderson se-the Clarendon-Litchfield line lietween | cure the necessary timber to repair the Calumet and Walls’ road ; but no Ragged Chute bridge,and that the work action taken thereon.	be done by the two divisions responsible
On motion of couns. Belec and Ken-1 for the work on this road, nedy the Sec.-Treas. was authorized to
pay the $10, pireniiuin on his Guaranty I That the Secretary take this means of Bond for $2500. for the year beginning notifying all the 'paymasters in the 1st July next.
A letter from the City Clerk of Tor-1 roads in their divisions.	I
onto with a form of petition to the Got
enemy has signally failed in his main

:
Cvrutkers.
E. W. Beetty. K.C J. Mackinooo.
Hok. D. 0. L
object of inflicting on the allied forces a decisive defeat. Although forced by superior numbers to yield ground, the allied line stands intact and the morale
S> Vin
Meredith. Bârt.
D. F. CUm.
Bristol Council Minutes
of the troopis remains uninijiaired. And in escaping carefully pilanned disaster
Bristol, J une 4, 1918.
...	,,	,	. | The Municipal Council o( Bristol met
and disorganization, it is well to bear m ()11 the above date. Present —.
mind that the allied armies did not con- Campbell and Councillors Killoran,
fine their operations to ensuring those Horner, Canip>bell and Henderson.
ends ; but they saw to it that for even .Mi"“te8 of ,“t m<7lin« rvrtd and .	.	,	' adopted on motion of couns. Horner
K)t or ground yielded the advancing|an(p Killoran. foe paid an enormous p»rice

Stop The Losses
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.

«
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
A Farmer often losses enough on a single sale of Cattle on the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to l>ay for a
Renfrew Truck Scale
and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free from all pain and stiffness C. McCain», R. M. I). No. ft, Renfrew,
TEACHER WANTED | writes : 411 was troubled with rheums
tisni for over fifteen years, and at times 1 School, Lower | unable to work. Two bottles of your
remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes :41 I was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.'
Mr. I). M.

F
The only way to stop lorses is to weigh everything you sell and everything you Tmy, and the handiest Scale for the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
---SCALE-------
Weighs anything and everything from 1 lb. to 2,000 lbs*
#8.86
Teacher for No 1.50 Litchfield, holding a first-class element
Young, valuing above
and Mercier filed their oath of office. Minutes of last March session were
ELISHA HERMAN,
Ser.-Treas.,
Portage du Fort.
Cream Separators, Truck and Household Scales, Gasoline and Kerosene Engines, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws,- Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Friction Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps, Pump Jackets, Hangers, Hearings, Wood Pulleys, Belting.
Two second-hand Separators at a bargain.
Koliertson, Renfrew w rites : 44 I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since 1 took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-vi lie Drug Co., Shaw ville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co J. L Rochester, wa ; or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage.

For Sale
1 Driving Horse, 1 Single Buggy,
Cutter and Harness.
1 Cream Separator (new); 1 upright Steam Boiler & Engine (about 3 h. p.)
A quantity of Steam Piping, Valves and Connections, also Pijie Wrenches, etc.
I Babcock Milk Tester, with glassware.
1	set of Double Beam Scales.
2	Box Stoves with quantity of Pipes.
1 large Table with four drawers.
1 Writing Desk, several Office Chairs.
1	Counter with drawers.
2	round Water Tanks.
1 Awning with iron framework to attach to front of store.	*
1 large section of Tent Canvas, and a number of smaller articles.
Fort Coulonge, Que.; , Ltd., Rideau St., Oita-
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent
That
For Service
Motion—Henderson and Graham—
flew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Short Horns For Sale
We still have two extra good young Bulls, fit for service. We will also price our yearlings and two year old heifers.
ELLARD HODGINS.
Elmhurst Farm
The Purebred Holstein Bull Pontiac Hangervelt Prince, No. 24084. Fee—-$1.00 for single service, or $5.00 for herd.
J. B. KILGOUR
Elm vale Farm.
Motion—Graham and Henderson—
r

Customers may rely, on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
Mi '
Parties desiring to purchase any of the above are requested to call and
* .
township to have the brush cut off the
inspect same at my residence on June 22nd, 24th and 25th.
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
Motion—Horner and Campbell—That ernor General asking that a vote be I the Secretary order one Junior Grader taken at next general election on the | from the Sawyer-Massey Co. abolition of the Senate of Canada was read, but no action taken.
Mr. John Scott, Assistant Registrar for Pontiac, under the Canada Registre tion Board, addressed the Council re
questing the active co operation of the,	__
members of the council in the general |	League Decides on Step
Likely to Prove Popular.
IB
Scientifically Effglïavor.
B. W. HODGINS
Shaw ville, June 17, 1918
Motion — McLellan and Graham That this Council do now adjourn.
G. T. Drummond,
The Trotting Stallion
Pie
m
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
Sec.-Treas
DIRECTUM’S POSTER
I
Will bd at the
Russell House Stables
during the present season for anyone desiring his
services.
Terms : $10 for season ; $15 to insure.
N. R. BROWNLEE,
RUSSELL HOUSE. SHAWVILLE.
registration of man and woman power on the 22nd June
On motion of couns. Ward and La-belle council adjourned till 1.30, p. hl
At afternoon session same members present except Geo. Dagg, Esq., mayor of Portage du Fort.
The report of Hugh Ross, special superintendent on a ;*art of the North and Sooth Ciislow town line was read, also a letter from T. P. Koran, K. C., on the same matter, and one from Patrick O’Reilley, mayor of North Onslow.
After much discussion it was moved
n
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
E. S. H. Workman,
W. M.
Ehmwiêi
Will Distribute Buttons with Bilingual Inscription.
Interest is daily increasing in the Navy League of Canada. Originally this organization was exclusively British and later on the Navy League of Canada was affiliated with it.
A button bearing the inscription “ Navy League, Keep Watch ’ was given each member of this organization.
Irvin Hamilton, Rec.-Secy
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each month
Hkrb Hois; rns,
W.M
Is the worlds best chew.
It is the most economical chew.’
Rico. Hopkins, Secy.


ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each mouth.
H. N. Hodgins,
W. Cmop. in Com
Rko. Horn;ins Com. Scribe.

###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
4 "
Canadian Food Board License Number
810603
n Weekly Journal devoted ta loom Interests.
NEW ISSUE
FIVE YEAR
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
6%
$6,100,000.
*iM*oaiPTfOïf. |l a Year iw Advance
iW All Arrears muât be paid up before %ny piper is discontinued.
Nothing- gets so Close to a Man as His Underwear.
CITY OF MONTREAL
0
\
ADVKRTISINO RATES*
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for |Mt Insertion and IS cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcèmente Inserted at tht rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertion*.
Commercial Advertising by the month
for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub fUhodfree of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
6% FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
DUE MAY let 1*23
ISSUED IN COUPON FORM IN DENOMINATIONS OF $!OOt $500 and $1000.
Semi-annual interett payable let May and let November. Principal and Interact payable in Cold in Montreal or at the Agency of the Bank of Montreal, New York, U. S. A*
The legality of the Bonds has been approved of by Messrs Pleet, Falconer, Phelan fr Bovey, advocates, Montreal, and permission to issue has been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
Beads will he ready 1er delivery sa et sheet Jane 28th ISIS.
SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE INVITED IT AND FURTHER PARTICULARS MAT DE OBTAINED AT THE OFFICES OF i
DATED MAY 1st 191S
With privilege of regietration ae to principal
Are tljere any men iq this district wl|o lil\e fine Underwear ? If so we want to see them.
RENE-T. LECLERC
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
MERINO—A medium heavy line with a soft nap 75c a garment.
B ALBRIGGAN —A light weight line, cool and comfortable, 65c. a garment.
INVESTMENT BROKER
160 St James Street,
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Montreal
LTD
TtbpbMM : Miii 1260 uU 1261
90 St. James Street, Montreal
Ttlephoeei : Main 474S «6 8726
Professional Cards.
(ESTABLISHED 1191)
4*
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
BANQUE D’KOGHELABA
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay • • Qus. Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Women who select their Neck-
WHO 18 ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEM SEIM OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE,
wear now will get New Styles.
The styles embrace Sailors, Sports, Billy |N§(jj|AN0E Burkes ; also low and embroidered Collar
and Cuff sets. In such sheer materials as
Georgette^ Crepe de Chine, Satin, Peque
and Silk Repp.
Reasonable prices - - 50c. to $1.25.
S. A. MACKAY
When you require Printing-
call at
AT TIIEl LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
notary public
Shawville,
I
Que.
COMPAN IBS.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
*. j. McDonald d. c. l.
I
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rates and Particulars*
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
BRECKENRIDOE
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, 4c.
CAMPBELLS BAY, OUR.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
QUEBEC
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
G. F. HODCINS CO. L'TO.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, • - First Friday, Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
A)vooat*, Barrister, *c
196 Main St. • Hull.
MARKET FOR
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
c... U.». P ULPWOOD
—m
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
The Highest Market Price
CAMPBELLS BAt, QUE. Iwiu be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPW000
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
Devlin St. Marie & Ducios
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, io.
HULL
i have junt received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.
J. L. HODGINS
To be delivered at sidings along the O. P. R. and 0. N. R. Railways.
191 MAIN 8T
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.

Custom Sawing.
GEORGE E. MORENCyILAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
s"™“ I SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Renfrew, June 4.—William A.
Eady, aged 19, sou of the late Robert R Eady, of Horton, was instantly killed about noon today.
While at work at a portable saw-
-a «»,_
aClf	I 1	¦>-««= erer placed before th. public
expected. ___________ I could be stopped the body was I of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending
the whirliiig^geeeee*^*™™**™**™************™**™**®
Sec.-Treas I around the shaft.
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copving, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction of parties.	S
TEACHER WANTED
TEACHER WANTED
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monti-
Teacher holding Elementary Diploma for DaVidson School, to teach ten HULL. I months ending June 30, ,1919. For particulars apply to
______ I	SEC -TREASURER,
Davidson P. 0., Que.
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
LAWRENCE E. SMITH,
purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
s
GEORGE HYNES
Csdflsh fsr Trench Soldiers.
The codfish army Is no dream. It arrives In the trenches somewhere In Prance at the rate of 5,000,000 pounds
On Its strength of two breakfasts and one fish dinner” Canadian and British "Tommies" are kept ¦p to their working mark.
Canada herself Is helping to solve the food problem by having two fish days a week—Tuesdays and Fridays, notes » correspondent. With this great demand for fish the Nova Bed-da fisherman suffers neither fog, nor rain, nor Ice, nor enow, nor darkn nor submarine to Interfere with his ffr of supplying the dominion and thh empire with fish In quantities never paralleled In history.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Parsonal ittention.Openallhours.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
PONTIAC
MOTOR ASSOCIATION
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
UNDERTAKING
and EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.33, a. m. Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. in.
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A)
Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
ANNUAL MEETING will take place at 3 o’clock, p. m. on
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
“ 9.00, a. m. 14	(C) 12.35, p. m.
“ (B) 4.:	p. nu
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m.
Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa

Time Will Tell.
Nora—Do you think marriage la always a failure?
Ada—Always a failure ! Well, I should say not. Why, I know a case where a wife fairly Idolizes her hue-
Saturday, June 29th, 1918
J. L. HODGINS
“ (A) 6.40, a. m. 14 (B) 8.45, a. m. 44	(A) 3 30, p m.
AGENT FOB
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs |
Ottawa— Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m. Lv. Ottawa 44	4' (B) 4.45, p. m.
at Shawville.
ALL ARE WELCOME.
from her a minute.
. QUE.
SHAWVILLE
me, how long have they
Seen married?
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 18.25, p. m.
Ottawa—Wtïn ni pro—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a. m.
Explanation of signs :—(A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
A
L	-	Clever.
Help the Good Roads Movement ï-y-^‘*2 ^
along by your presence.	-*w — ~a"0,w t"-
PROMPTLY SECUR
ta all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S ADVI8KR, which will be ment free.
MARION & MARION.
8S4 University SC Montréal.
For further particular* apply to
C. A. L TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
###PAGE###6###
\
JRb RâVvày
*	By Arthur Henry Gooden
Julietta Cream Wanted
A .Xi


r
•W11T OR OHURNINO CREAM
We supply cens, pay express charges
end remit daily.
CHAPTER VI.—(Cont’d.)	“Oh Uncle Paul, you’re so good to
"I'm afraid I would have done just mc alway*!” The delighted girl that." he admitted slowly. “But see 8P™ng to her feet, her voice rich and
SSSfS^ISS|0mOfLSYRAlD
Uü mm ‘izfz:
•Jde and surveyed him demurely. |	CHAPTER VII.	Of the British Navy.	th* coming of summer we relish light- may decide, as I have, that it pays to
it®l|8itl ®SK5Ltel
5^r&-=s?$ f.E'SsdiSilsE.............................. ™—
side, took you for a wildcat concern kSnu a£am the grape-laden t avs, long of the most extraordinary kind. Even I water and f tb » • t ,
BW=1
, ° 0I^- Jnt0 the girls blue most frantic craving for the San ihut- Stuart Bonham-Carter, tin can of good quality costs a number tion will take place, the soap will dv-m-s<e,>t <n,lernc‘S8'~a "terry ten- Joaquin.	commanding the Intrepid, placed the of cents. The material, labor, the harden, and will last much longer .
“You can’t iumn thiq etnrlr tn fif4V V Crushing one of the grapes between Jf1* °* ” ®hiP "*arly on the mud of
mmimmm mm
-
Hearted. Again pallor crept She turned and sought her own '	rdÊBfSfàËÊBÊKÊ j boys under a storm of shot and shell; FINDS BROTHER AMONG DEAD.
“No” faC*’	room, breathless with the surprise of I f	! the stork fight on the Mole head; the	-
..u-V ,tv...	that which she had seen in the eves of! !	! blowing up of the submarine which U. 8. Soldier Acting as Pallbearer
throat1"' S°Ught the PC'arl 8t her, 2raitPof c^n^ment alm^t Orient! 1 L M*' ¦KJ A SHELL FOR BARBED WIRE. day^hefore at the front Joseph re-
E§llSæl6PE,tE^! " .MmJ
place for a woman.”	U wgs those mu scale, she said, M r*	Barbed wire entanglements form The woodchoppers were • working
Morrow smiled grimly.	ani* «ughed. The eight of them	M&^Jr I one of the most effective measures in near the cenxptery at the time of the
‘ You’ve knocked my sayings into a hrouRht everything to me again—oli ,	temporarily checking the assaults of funeral and the chaplain asked them
this business whirl and lived like oth- heautlfu1. clever enough to keep your____As a rule special units are sent out wh0 8t00(l with bared head in the
er girls—society and so on?”	» beauty from making enemies, and; .	to cut through these barriers, but small group of soldier mourners, reeJ-
“My dear, if I could make you the y°u\e a chalrm attracts^ People like LJleuL wh; .w• Bulyard-Leake, com- when a iarge scale offensive is to be ed forward, his eyes filled with tears, girl I’ve dreamed, instead of the busi-'^0.11 f rom the	Paul chuckled; manning Iphigenia, beached her ac- iaunched the artillery preparation and exclaimed:
-	EHrh™ B—e :::: !
Julietta’s heart warmed to his! WKn *	...	1 h r in v ' t 11 v golvg }? ,holti i ordnance experts have tested several the \oung mana shoulder, saying:
words, and to the big soul behind . V'hL,le Amcrican soldiers in the, \ur P°^ tion till she should have new ghellg designed to tear down hos- “We are all brothers, my boy.” them.	trenches are being equipped with bedded well down on the bqttom. tile barbed ^re with better results The soldier looked at the coffin and
“I’ll resign the presidency of this double soled hobnailed shoes the U.S. “According to latest reports from 1 than the orthodox artillery projectile. *hook hia head. “The Germans will
psa
“You mean it? Yes. I willT English product end when General »et out to do has ten accomplished hooka working on a pivot. These are
“Good!" Julietta studied the deter-1 Pershing found that h.s soldiers were the canal blocked.	covered with a comparatively light I The Ameer of Afghanistan has i
....- ‘
must hold not less than ten thousan 1 . nes .the. . ost f nrnems be-Ufpoli Day celebration at Bristol, was jectlle, so that when it encounters an PARTIAL shares.’’	t ,	I'ng w”ked ou^ 18 the 7°od/n . ®ole' Naval Chief of the Staff of that ex- obstacle it has greater tearing power, j
Assisi	•MoSz.
never, never dictate a letter or sit in v*!* . necessary in wa m weath sea for the light craft*’	te using them for destroying barbed
an office chair again, cross my heart! | tr> otherwise the stock will bs dwarf- The apparition of the British flotil- wire, it is planned to employ them
' y°u ^ 11	7 ‘ d ‘ a rh S u	Protection la emerging from its smoke clouds ; against troops advancing in massed
I suppose I must.	| from ram must also be afforded. the landing from the swinging gang- formation*.
r


i

U
ma
!
mm aw
r7
Bob Lopg
UNION MADE
OVERALLS
SHIRTS & GLOVES
Xnown from. Cotut toCoowt
¦MUP»*%waBy
Peeling Tomatoes.
Prick some holes in the bottom of the tomatoes with a fork and hold them over the Are for an instant. This will crack the skin and make them easier to peel
on
an
use. It is a good idea to get small quantities or samples of the brands you propose substituting and to test them alongside of the original kinds, to determine excellence, economy In use and so on. One woman who had a family of six or seven kept track for three months of the saving she was able to effect by thoughtful buying, and this amounted to a good many dollars.
It costs a good deal to keep a rooster until next breeding season, and he k worse than useless in the Hock at present.
!llf£neior
cleaning
cans - r±n I
The third saving also seems like a little one, but it counts. Purchase soap supplies for months in advance, as much as you feel you can afford. Unwrap and spread the cakes and bars out so that at least three of the sides
Turn
!
I

(gmfort
Lye
food administration. There should be no slacking. And as good soldiers we should strive not only to do our duty, but more than our duty.
Be your own commanding officer and keep yourself up to the mark of • good soldier.
You may be sure you are right if you brand such people as food cranks or slackers.
f
Oats, com and rice are as wholesome in every way as wheat, and the complaint. “They don’t agree with me, I must have wheat,” is usually a camouflage of our own selfishness.
I What we really mean to say is, “I like wheat better. It makes lighter breed than the other cereals and it keeps moist and sweet longer.”
Now, no one will deny that all these are attributes of wheat bread. It is because of them, in fact, that we want to send our wheat abroad, so that our soldiers and the Allies may have the bread they need. Surely we who are left behind the battlefield should be glad to do anything we can to relieve the burdens of those suffering hardships we cannot imagine.





How Sweet is Syrup?
A cup of syrup is not as sweet as a cup of sugar. The following table gives the sweetening value of different amounts of corn syrup:
One cup of sugar equals one and three-fifths cup of corn syrup.
Three-fourths cup of sugar equals one and one-fifth cups of corn syrup.
One-half cup sugar equals four-fifths cup corn syrup.	.
One tablespoon sugar equals one and three fifths tablespoon of corn syrup.
Half syrup and half sugar give better results in cooking than all syrup. If we grant that saving food is a With one cup of syrup use one-fourth I military measure, we shopld consider cup less liquid.	,	I



r

t
m
hi? WW:



*

• r ^

i
•heeUe. Ssrw low
!tea
h




T

W**ffd al chargea
iCaigh y ouf dealer—
W. $2 7$:

«f»- Ua/ «« %) 25
T. WRIGHT CO.

vNiiraa
HAMILTON
CANADA
sage
¦'Tf
Makes Sad Discovery.
is Beauty
m Z*ry K,
One of the most pathetic instances of the war so far as the United States is concerned occurred in a little ceme-


i

m.
f


v.
/ *¦
f
koiaKhilkwedûa»
i
mortally
was
r
«SESSSFf
*«•«••<* r IwaaAH »


¦




Ingtùm
MiUCWeed
Ctêam
A
When
youth takes flight wings of years beauty of complexion goes too, unless you give your skin proper and daily care. Use of Ingram's Milkweed Cream will enable you to appear youthful when you are no longer young. Its distinctive remedial effect upon the tissues of the skin keeps the complexion colorful, soft and free from blemish. It does actually “healthily” and beautify your complexion. Since 1885 there’s been nothing else “just as good." Take no other.
on the
A Copy of ov
Warm days, household work, end kitchen heat, all eaueepercpi ration and shiny, oily skin. You can avoid this by uelng Ingram's Velveola Souverains Pace Powder. It blende perfectly with the complexion. A light toueh hides little blemishes, makes pour com Ion smooth, soft, end flawless. A fall 1	# of Intrant's tolls! products. In
eluding Zodentc far the teeth, I. et year druggist's.
PAYMENT
BOOKLET
pies

BSÉLI!7 :

r-
15c
7U
Canadian Pacific Building
Toronto
Direct Private Wires to our
Montreal a*d New York Offlq

FKKD'K f INCKAfl CO.
i



###PAGE###7###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
•tailed a machine fun te fire on the advancing British. Every time I passed the chapel with my friend the di rector he would point out to me the gap in the belfry made by the missing elates. To his mind it was th«
evidence of German frightfulness. Poor man, if he is still at NO SUBSTITUTE HAS YET BEEN
fear he has	B
worse lesson of the character of our,
RUBBER FAMINE [GERMANTS LOST
IN GERMANY AFRICAN COLONY
CHASING U-BOATS. I AN EXCITING GAME
WHERE THE CONFLICT RAGES
as she passed rafts, lifeboats and lifebuoys were pitched overboard. This manoeuvre was carried out three
time».
By now all the destroyer’s boats had been lowered to pick up the men in the water, while all her available loose life-saving gear had been thrown overboard. However, there still remained nine men in the peak of the oiler. The concluding part of the
operation may be explained in the where British Soldiers Hove Stood,	First Bathing Station.
*	r—-, mm >».«••	ss&ss
ceseary to place myself alongside the	Who Knows It Well.	bathing establishment on the Western
ship and take off the remainder of the	Front. It was in the late winter of
The destruction of a German sub-	] crew. A speed of eight knots being	On	the waH of the coffee-r »	1916> when the Army was suffering	. _ .	,
marine is newer announced by the	maintained, this waa. done. We re-	,,J **utorj—The r	much from the inclemency of the	"Orifices in food, human life	and
British Admiralty except upon the mained alongside locked to the steam- ttt Bailleul, there used to hang, - Flemi||h ciimate, and “trench feet” money when ebe embarked on her strongest possible evidence, which Is ers windward bow for a period suf-	I"e"Jber» an °l(1 print of tu* ‘‘,K	were causing many casualties. The	dream of world dominion.	But for
often provided by the destroyers that Went for all nine men to lower them-	of h landers those modest hills rising	were *et up in a ramshackle old	every loss she foresaw a	compensa
are engaged in a long game of hide	selves on board this ship, which sus-	*he flat plain which have	ngu	-	factory on the banks of the River Lys.	Won which	would enable her to	keep
and seek with the elusive U-beats un-	tained slight superficial damage to	^	so	largely in the recent news	from	A hot watw Retaliation was put in,	her armies	at maximum efficiency
del conditions of varying excitement, guard rails and upper deck fittings. Front’ aaya a a 0 V and the men bathed in great wooden The victories that Pan-Germany in The landsman may obtain some Idea Ten minutes after we cleared the	Montagne de	wh|,e> r another p** 0f the fantastical egotism saw have failed
of this grim game from the details of steamer she was burnt to the water Kemmel, le Mont des < ote.i, le Mone bu|1(jRggf thelr uniformg were disin- to come. She has been unable to »e-official records of a few encounters as line.”	'^tte* *nown, by ita J l™'*? facted. Their shirts, socks, and under- cure the sorely needed raw materials
to the result of which there is no room	+	--	1 ? * l”1 Scherper erg	p clothing were taken away, and they at the expense of the nations she
for doubt.	hiU >• }? “ont	I* r ™ were issued with fresh sets on emerg- would have overrun.
A convoy of merchant vessels was CANADIAN WHEAT CROP. ***«% Vn.the .top	ing from the baths. Shirts were She did not foresee that there were
being escorted by British and Ameri-	--- ^nnPr,"t.	MoM.te,ï mended and eocks were darned by a certain essential materials that she
can destroyers. A submarine attempt- Estimate, of Yield in Previous Years	et‘°n of.‘h® Tr*PP‘st	party of old womtn, recruited locally,	could not produce herself	and that
ed to attack the convoy, but although Have Been Below the Mark.	which used to crown the crest, where,	Th< bathing establishment at	the might of her armies	could not
“nC-KiZn'L a sætæ-ïï înûïï frzs
that close study of hidden subsoil con- Kemmel from which a fine view of the ,,	. ,	. tv i
|sï see îh==S5h sM=z=ïë.
been the reverse. Some day the agri- as the Germans would ca It to which ^	man wea month, in
cultural college,	may	unearth	some	the good burgesses of Ba.lleul,	in hap-	th„ Ly„ Va„ Some of the SOwar,
important	discoveries	below	the	fam-	pier	times, used to repair	on	Sunday	hg { thg in iou„ idea of u„, Mills'
“nlm‘01	‘ “ sssjaft: sr*Pturs. ssta
sri îs	ts œjzxs&s
Scherpenberg, le Mont Noir, and the	^ flgh thrwn by
*“*•_ Tk" border land lying along ^	gut the authorities,
%	g» ssnr sar.x ¦
sa m a sr~- -
ville, respectively, traverse a flat and lng feU mto de' depressing region of brimming, willow fringed ditches, of wet, hedgeless meadows, the sparse houses and farms squalid and poverty stricken.
The villages are made up of a heterogeneous collection of old, weather-stained houses and brand-new redbrick villas, which look exact1:* like the pictures on those children’s boxes of building atones (made in Ger-
18 A COMPARATIVELY YOUNG
COUNTRY.
AN INTIMATE TOUR OF THE
FIGHTING LINE.
HIDE AND SEEK WITH THE ELUSIVE SUBMARINE.
FOUND ADEQUATE
foes
History of That Portion of Eaat Africa That Haa Passed Fr the Kaiser's Control.
Allies Hold the Key to the World's Rubber Supply—All Sources Are Closed to Germans.
Official Records of Perilous Adventures on the High Seaa Issued By British Admiralty.
As far as annals are concerned, German East Africa is a very young country. Until the middle of the nineteenth century only the coast land of the territory was known, either to Europeans or to the Arabs. The Arabs, indeed, were the first people in possession, and when the Portuguese, stretching out hands of dominion in all directions, as they did during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, arrived in due course the east coast of Africa they found the Arab everywhere in power. The hold of the Portuguese on the country was never firm, never extended very far over the vast unknown hinterland to the west, and when they finally took their departure, in the early years of the eighteenth century, the Arabs returned like water to an old watercourse. All the coast towns north of Cape Delgado, the present southern limit of German East Af> a, fell under the sway of the Arabs of Muscat, and later on under that of the Sultan of Zanzibar. •
Germany was prepared to make
on

*
Dropped Depth Charge
Finally an American destroyer sighted the periscope in a favorable position and headed for it, with the Intention of ramming. A depth charge was dropped directly over the U-boat, which was still visible under water from the American ship. The result an upheaval of black colored water, two broken pieces of a spar and some small pieces of wreckage. Nothing more of the enemy was seen.
Early one winter's day a destroyer sighted an enemy submarine on the surface and steered for it at full speed. So swiftly was the manoeuvre carried out that the German had no time to submerge. Within thirty seconds of sighting the destroyer had rammed the enemy, tearing a great rent in the hull of the U-boat. At the time a bomb, “which," said the
Now, the Arabs of Zanzibar were
apparently more enterprising than
the Arabs of Muscat. They had a
,	.	,,	,	§ strong penchant for exploration,
recent issue tell, en interesting story From about ]830 or ,ven earIier,they
of the German Government's actiri-
Conserving the Supply.
Le Pays de France (Paris) in a
,	, A ,	.	.	, . began to penetrate inland, and by
ties in trying to conserve her suppvj lgr0 had ^tabl imbed themselves at within the fatherland, outside beir-
closed to her.
The requirements of Germr* war are far in excess of her peace times. Some of +' tomobile tires, mo' ber clothing
ff wi the eastern shore of L>ke •ika, a name which has flgur-yiently in the events of the wears The Arabs also pene-Xfar as Nyasa to the south, u ** all this was that the ' t>egan to make ie all this vast unions.
deep
coverings pitals r
It will never be known just how many bushels of wheat were produced In Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta in 1916. That crop was heir# hauled to market for nearly two years. Wheat specialists from Minneapolis, Chicago, Liverpool and Glasgow were unable to calculate yield even when the threshers were on the ground. Nor has there yet been satisfactory explanation of the marvelous multiplication and size of the wheat kernel, even on wild lands and in the dry areas of Southern Saskat-rwultTand ftr up in the Peace river
country.	6ËÈI
It is doubtful it any either public or private, l season completely survey tire growing area of the prairies. It many) stretches far out from raftroad branch extensions. Motoring ia olfifttJit C? impossible. Growth is so rapid that when an inspection of one district is; Bailleul, Vldxpse town hill h a completed, wheat has developed to a | old Flemish	Lcrfur#, ,
much more advanced stage elsewhere, quaint cupolas and fantastic tur Neither the Canadian Government the Hotel de Ville always used V nor such private associations as the mind me of an illustration from Northwest Grain Dealers’ have shown book of fairy tales. The old-wor. disposition to overestimate results, place, with the town hall bulking In the present circumstances of mo- large in the foreground, flanked on mentoua consequence it is well that either side by the old shops and reliance can be placed on these esti- houses all crowded together, as mates as not likely to go beyond the though leaning against one another, fact. There has been at least found- came as a delightful surprise after ation laid for a yield second in size the plain uniformity of the surround-only to the 1916 crop, when every ing country.
process of nature co-operated in fe- The road from Hazebrouck to Mer-cundity. Perhaps the last battle of ville—where the Indian Corps had its the war may be a victory for the Can- headquarters for so long—furnishes adian wheat crop. May it be so. | another pleasant surprise. When the
main road plunges into the Fores* ** Nieppe the ugly sordidness
glc

cut
same
commanding officer, “exploded satisfactorily," was dropped. After this the destroyer wheeled back over the spot and dropped another bomb. Large quantities of oil rose to the surface, hut no other sign of the enemy’s presence could be detected, and when the position was located, the submarine was located, still lying on the spot where she had sunk.
Vs buei-
* the
ce
HUMAN TX
For n
IN WAP
?
Novel Device#
Italia®

Submarine Cut In Two.
No belKger sourcefuln vising r nse
A merchantman which had fallenj behind the main body of the convojTAo which she belonged was escorted back to her position then another of
torpedoed. Immediately the destroyer swung round and headed full tilt for the enemy’s position. As she passed over the spot a sevfere shock was felt throughout the destroyer, and just afterward the German periscope was sighted by the destroyer’s sister ship, which hastened to drop a bomb on the U-boat. A heavy explosion resulted, ami the submarine came up right astern of her pursuers. Helm was put hard over and Are opened by both British ships, three hits being registered in quick succession. Escort No. 2 had now come round and being nearest the enemy, went straight for him and succeeded in cutting the submarine clean In half. Both halves appeared on the surface for a few seconds before plunging finally from view.
ch
gle agency, las in any id the en-
a destroyer. Just merchantmen was
&
to
ar
r
To Old Bailleul
Xnrfs^hen, suddenly, you come f
V»
sh
an.
the
stand
Lyin
crouchea, Each shie
round
%
Terrific Explosion.
A destroyer hunting for submarines
observed two periscopes about eight FORESTS OF NEWFOUNDLAND, frontier land slips away
feet apart on her starboard bow. The	--- is Urge and thickly plr
destroyer managed to get within fifty Extract From Report of the British and beech, and there yards before the U-boat submerged;	Reconstruction Committee.	and rabbits in the ur
SSeSsSs jsftgssssts »
B jk-color- lu*trate indd#"*-’*" how —


felt by every one on Knd a column
###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)



• ^ Ht

f



Pty
A
In Memortam
loving memory of James Wilson, livd J nue loth, loi:.
All the days of |win and anguish,
And the weary nights are All earth's trials here are em He rests in paradise at last.
Though hi* ;»!are on earth is vavant And he *;*eak* to us no more,
Yet we hoj*» again to meet him When our time on earth is o’er.
-Wife.
The Mille Boot M Shoe Store
lu


I
past t
1*1.
ERE IS THE DAY
2# REGISTER,


i

When Leather Is Scarce
%
58
xw*


1

rift

Resolution of Sympathy
The following resolution was proved and adopted at a recent meeting of L. Ü. L. No. 730 Y arm
44 Moved by Bro. Elliott B. Ibxlgius seconded by Hro. Irwin lbslgins, that the members of L. O. L. No. 780, regretting the loss of our Brother Hoy 1 >agg. who gave his life on the Plains of Flanders, defending his country, would express our heartfelt symjMithy to hi* father, George Dftgg, of PorUigedu Fort, and pother, Mis. ( Its age Dagg : to hie brothers and sisters in tliei loss ol a son and brother. We all feel that their loss is ours.”— Carried unanimously.
Receipt of Tobacco Money Acknowledged
5v§
and prices are advancing our advice is buy
ipi
Canvas Footwear.

ï>-4
•I
^\N June 22nd, Saturday, every man and woman, resident jn Canada, who b 16 years and over, must attend at one of the places provided for registration, between the hours of 7 a.nu and 10 p.m., and there truthfully answer all the questions set forth upon the registration card.
Upon signing the card, vouching for the accuracy of the answers, the man or woman will receive a Registration Certificate, as shown below, which must be carried upon the person thereafter.



• •
we,
to
« •
We have the best stock of

Pvt


TENNIS GOODS and RUBBER SOLED CANVAS
FOOTWEAR
also r sad
Why the Certificate is so Important
For failure to regiAer a maximum fine of $100 and one month's imprisonment is provided, also an added penalty of $10 for each day the parson remains unregistered after June 22nd.
Persons remaining unregistered cannot lawfully be employed, and cannot draw wages for work done after June 22nd. Employers who keep unregistered persons in their employ will be liable for fines equal in amount to those recoverable from the unregistered employees.
Unregistered persons cannot lawfully purchase l/ar.rportation tickets, and may find themselves
barred from travelling on railroads, steamboats, etc Similarly they may be denied board and lodging at any hotel, restaurant, public house or boarding house.
In a word—All persons remaining unregistered, and all persons having dealings with unregistered persons, knowing them to be such, incur heavy penalties under the law.
we have ever had. and prices are very reasonable considering the high prices of Cotton.
Montreal, June 11, 1018.**
Mr. J. A. Vo wax,

X
Shaw ville, (jue.
Hear Sir I am in receipt of yours of the 7th iust., enclosing Bank Draft for $9.00, contribution to the Overseas Tobacco Fund, for which I thank you and the people who have so generously subscribed.
Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.

ft*
Faithfully yours,
Franc is It. Joses, Organizing Secretary, Over-Seas Club.



\m
^ _duVf

REGISTRATION IS LAW
Don’t Fail to Register.
This Certificate is YOUR Protection. Get it and Carry it
P. E. SMILEY,
DUALITY.
T
1
the>7
?/

c

von^^
lor^^
191^
TENDERS FOR COAL
et***
ot

SEALED TENDERS addressed to
thv undersigned, and endorsed 44 Tender for Coal Lw the Dominion Buildings,’* [h‘ received at this office until 1^ o'cloeKfimm, on Thursday, June 27, 1918, for the supply of iowl for the Public Buildings throughout the Dominion.
C ombined specification aiul form of tender can be obtained at this office and from the caretakers of the different Dominion Buildings
Persons tenc______
nders will not ta* considered unless on the printed*forms supplied, and ' 'heir actual signatures.
1	h compan led by
on a chartered bank, f the Minister of 10 p. c. of the


”<S carry warmth of a soHier.
No More C'
oiCsn^V
Require/

wit!
Orders \\ J tlie Militnyr gistrars uf B class/ for

I«M«d by authority of
Canada Registration Board
v.
26
Mite.

iv
e
NOTICE
Re. Clarendon Dog Tax.
(REAM Wanted !
arc notified that

Any residents of the Township of Clarendon owning or harboring a dog or bitch after June 30 next on which tax has not teen paid for 1918 will be proceeded against for failing to comply with By-law 58-of this Municipality. This is the last notice.
---SHIP EXPRESS.	WE SUPPLY CANS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct te Consumera H from our, sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realise and pay Producers a higher price per pound Butter F# %»	I	I
Whgi you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY,"your money and.iesls are
.tf	i
m
/
K. T. HUDGINS,
Sec.-Treas.
^CANADA ' •
'T
Municipality of Clarendon, ShawvillewJune 10the 1918.

Keep in mind the Fact
Thia is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
x5
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
dm for you to see. js us to offer big values.

All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
nice assortment of TIES *• 76 cents.
Satisfactorily done.

9
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
,en's and Boys* Ready' • ~ Suits.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle Que.
G. W. DALE
‘OS
•1
JEWELRY
HAWVILLE.
?

4





