###PAGE###1###



O
$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
SHAWVILLK, PONTIAC COUNTY. QUE., THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1918
No: 30, 36th Year.
V

Tlje Merchants Banl\ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
THE
ESTABLISHED 1871
EiUUiikid 1864
BANK
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Si* H. Moxtaou Allan,C.V.O VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Bla< kwkll. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. E. F. Hkhden.
GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. Macarow.
OF
4,750,000
OTTAWA
©4 Branche» In Canada
Programme for the New Year
- Hardware and Groceries -
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada-WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
tor the convenience of our customers it has been decided to keep on hand cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 cheques, on which the 2c. wav stamp has been attached. The becks may be had by simply paying the price of the stamps so affixed.
CALENDARS—Owing to the scarcity of calendars in thin vicinity, we have ordered an extra supply. We are keeping one for you.
$7,000,000 . 7,421,292 121,130,558
• #
START THE NEW YEAR RIGHT
• #
By opening a Savings Account in the
Bank of Ottawa.
The same carefully selected stock The same well assorted stock The same reasonable prices The same high class goods The same good service The same square deal.
.i, A. McLatlbie, Manager.
R, Leokr, Manag?r.
G. M. Colqchoun, Acting M'orr
Fort Coulonge Branch, Campbells Bay Branch, Portage du Fort Branch
Branches at Shawville and Quyon w. F. DRUM
The work night meeting of the Shawville H. M. Club will be at the home of Mrs. Goo. Findlay on Thursday.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
1
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
H. IM ISON, Xrtist in Portraiture
Now that the holidays are over
let us get to business.
’I
Mr. Win. Label le, of Waltham and R. J. Hamilton, of Shawville have the contracts this winter for hauling Gillies Bros, supplies to their Coulonge deixjts from Campbells Bay.
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND “ Canada's Best "
SCHOOL Ottawa. Ont.
Light snow falls last wuck, succeeded by strong west winds put an end to the good sleighing which had obtained for the most part since winter began.
§3^ Special -15 pairs men’s box calf boots. Blnchor cut, Goodyear welt.
Regular price #5.50 ; to clear at #4.45.
These are a snap, as they could not be bought today for less than #6.00.
P. E. Smiley.
#1.00Short—It lias been brought to our notice that Mr. Robert Wilson's subscription to the Clarendon Cemetery fund, which was omitted from the list when t>
IWhed, was for the sum of #8.00 m stead of #2.00, as given in the subsequent correction.
More Smoker.—On behalf of
boys overseas, we*, extend thanks to Mr. VVm. R. Horner, of Blaine Lake, Sask., for a donation of one dollar for the Soldiers'
Tobaceo Fund.	*
One dollar each from Mr. G. F.
Wanlessof the Clarendon Roller Mills, and Mr. James Wilson of the L.-Corponl Harold Armstrong, Tiled ric Power Plant are hereby who enlisted with and went overall acknowledged with thanks. seas with the 78rd Highlanders of
. . .. Montreal nearly two years a go, Wounded.—Driver Kuri l. Mac- arrived at his old home town on kay, who has l>eeii wounded and Thursday evening, and needless to is now at the Canadian General ^ay he met with a warm welcome Base, Fiance, enlisted at the age fp<>m numerous old friends. Bar of 17 with the 79th Battery, and old saw a lot of hard service and left Montreal for overseas on knows all about the discomforts of March 28. lie is brother of Capt. Flanders' mud and the gruelling A. A. Mac kay who went over as experience ot trench warfare. He regimental surgeon with the 42nd had several narrow escapes from Highlanders, under Colonel Can- “taking the count," before becoiu-tlie. He is one of the intermediate ing a casualty, with A rather ser-champions at M. A. A A. water |()us wound which l)ooked him tor polo.	England, where he was under
He is a son of Stephen Mackay, treatment for a considerable time N. P., B. C. L., of Shawville, and lx*fore reaching the convalescent grandson Lieut. Col. Stephen Mac- stage, which enabled him to look kay, one of the heroes of Chateau- around and take stock of the old gtiay. who received the Medal de eountry. Harold should be la Bataille de Chateaiiguay.	to furnish ns with a very interest-
ing tale of his a<1 ventures in serial form after the war is over and the censoi has been superannuated.

ï
G0WLINC
J. H. SHAW.
i
I
A mate urn don’t lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures can lie made to send
t<> boys the
finishing a specialty.
m
a#
OTTAWA, ONT
---.nr
Our instruction is individual, and the school is open dm log the entire year; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than J00 student* from other local colleges have in the past joined our class* es. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short haul. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
Han proved itself to be Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand .schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gow I ings Advocate.
W. E.Gowlini President.
\ mate nr
z H. Imison,
Dealer it Kodaks and Supplies
W. A. HODGINS
PERSONAL MENTION
tib-
Mr. A. J. Davis, of Austin section, left last week to spend a couple of months in Uncle Sam's domains. He will be located at Pontiac, Mie*.	.
Mrs. J. J. McDowell, of Hewaid, Sank., who with her children have been visiting here for a few weeks, left for horn* Friday morning, having received a wire that hei husband was ill.
SHAWVILLE
I). K. HENRY. President. Cor. Bunk and Sparks Sts
11. G. XV, Braîtiiwait Principal
Milk patrons are kindly requested to return bottles at once when emptied and oblige Sam Hodgins.
Most things can lit* anylnxly's gilt— your jmrtrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
If. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture.
The Clarendon H. M Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Win. Findlay, on Wed. Jany 80th. Program : — Pro|>erly balanced men 1 by Mrs. R. J. Wilson ; Music-Miss Flora bel Hodgins. Roll call—Your favorite flower.
The W M. 8. of the Shawville Methodist Church will hold a Parlor Social in the Parsonage on Friday evening next, Jail. 18th at 7.80. An interesting program with refreshments will be given. Admission 25 and 15 cents.
MID-WINTER
BARGAINS.
EXPERIENCE
1)111
vs
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work Is like learning uns o*her kind of work or trade or profession .
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was S36,. This year to date is even better. Still Employers' Fernand* Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
t
Girls’ 35c. Underwear
Shirts only. We are overstocked in this line and will sell one doz. of each size (2 to 14 years) at 25c. each. This line will be 50c.
next season.
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Willih College
1SB| Sparks Street. entrance between Ketchum’s & Sims.
A position for every Willis Graduate.
Deaths
able
Mr. ami Mrs. VVm. Sereney, mourn the loss of their eldest boy, William Lome, who passed away shortly after midnight, Saturday, in the 6th year of his age. T* child had long been afflicted pith a collection of tumorous growths in his neck which an operation with all that could be done in the way of medical treatment failed to eradicate, and his condition gradually became weaker until the end, although happily, his sufferings were never great. The remains were interred on Tuesday afternoon, following i at the home by Rev. Mr. M in Paul's Church cemetery
Brown Optical
COMPANY. LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
O. Y. B Officers for 1918.
W. M.—W. Bro. E. Workman I). M.—Bro. Cyril Dale.
R.-Sec.—Bro. W. E. N. Hodgins F. Sec.-Bro. C. E. Shaw. Treat.—Bro. C. L. Cowan. Chaplain- Bro. L. Workman.
D. of C.—Bro. Cecil Walsh. Lecturers—Bros. L. Corrigan and Robt. Sheppard.
Tylers—Bros. Frank Finnigan d W. A. Howard.
Committee—W. Bro. G. G. McDowell, and Bros. I. Hamilton, O. B. Cnthbertson. Vincent Hodgins, and Reilly Hodgins.
The
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets
$5.00 each.
' The Canadian Railway War -4 Board has decided to close up what are known as tip-town ticket offices, which will compel the public to procure tickets at the railway depots. The object release a lot of clerks for more necessary work, and economise in light and fuel. The step is not regarded favorably by some of the newspapers, w hich consider that the economy effected will be!
more than offset by the great in-. ¦ e _	.
convenience the public will have Charles Deiisle of Quyon Head
tiw, >vi.iniAinai Fi«rtinrw to submit to in the large centres. After an illness extending over The Municipal Elections.	_	four months, Mr. Charles Delisle,
The Municipal elections in town	of Quyon, died on Sunday morn-
wassed off very quietly on Wednes-	”arî iagCH	in*, Jan. 6th, aged 62 years,
day and Thursday, although three	„	"	About Sept. 1st, deceased undersew men replaced the retiring	BURTON->\ oods.	went two serious operations in
functionaries, none of whom were Rev. Joseph Burton, Incumbent Ottawa General Hospital, and re up for re-election. A vote was of Thorne, was married on Jany turned home in November much taken on the choice of six candi- 3rd, at St. Clement’s Church. Ver- improved in health, but about two dates, but it was small, as very dun, to Miss Ellen Woods, or Lon-1 weeks ago became worse and was little interest was manifested. don, Eng. Miss Woods is a grad- j removed to the hospital on Friday The retiring councillors were : uate ot the Montreal General j morning, Jan. 4th, at which place J. G. Elliott, R. C. Woodley and Hospital and has practiced in that i he passed away. The late Mr Mervyn Dale ; Those elected are: city for the last two years. The j Delisle had resided the greater Geo. W. Dale Win. F. Smith and marriage ceremony was performed part of his life in Quyon and J. A. Cowan.	by Rev. F. L. Whitley, M. A., of vicinity. He is survived by In-
in the township election things St. James' the Apostle Church, wife, also t hree daughters, Mrs. J. were even quieter, the three va- Montreal. A celebration of the B. O'Reilly and Miss Nora De isle, aancies being tilled by acclama- Holy Communion followed the of Ottawa, and Mias Edna Delude, tion as follows Wm. * T. Me- marriage, the celebrant being Rev. ! Winnipeg ; four sons, Charles and Dowell, re-elected ; Thos. Smiley F. Morris. B. A., B. D., of St. Fred, of B. C.; Otto, now serving and Alex. Horner in place of, W. Clement’s Church, Verdun.	with a U 8. A battalion overseas,
H. Barr and Wm. Dale.	The Rev. and Mrs. Burton nrriv- and Max, formerly of Copper Cliff.
In Bristol, where the ballot ed at their home in Charter!# on Two son*, Bert and \\ alter (Loll) method of election was adopted, Friday evening. They were greet- ! were killed in action in May and under the new Act,-(the only ed by a large number of their j June, 1917. Two sisters also snr-municipality in the county that parishioners who were anxiously vive, Mrs. Given and Ml## De I isle, we have heard of which has done waiting the arrival of the happy of Quyon. The funeral, which *oV—four candidates were placed couple. After partaking of supper ; was largely attended, wan held on in nomination to till the three in the parsonage, creditably ar- Tuesday afternoon at L oclock, vacancies, three of number— ranged by parishioners a suitable Service at the house was conducted namely, Messrs Horner, Killoran toast wa* given by Rev. Ruial by the Rev. Canon Smith, of Hull,
and Campbell—being members of Dean Phillips, which was respond- and at St. John s Cbarch by Rev.
last years board.	ed to by Rev. and Mrs. Hinton. i Mr. Naughton, incumbent.
The result of the voting was the We all hope that the ministry; The pallbearers were Dr. Dowd, re-election of the three retiring of the Incumbent and his wife will Messrs A. A. Reid, U . H. DirlcMm, councillors. Only some eighty- be crowned with abundant happi-1 R. H. Massie, F. A. Davi*, and it nid votes were polled altogether. I ness and success.—Com.	Ii. Thomson.
552 St. Catherine West
Ladies’ Fur Caps-half price
IS to other
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
aw
a service cCallum,
Flannelettes at 1917 prices
for the montn only (January)
FOR SALE—A quantity of good hay and straw. Apply to H. T. McDowell. Shawville.
Ml
WANTED—To purchase, a ciuantity of si raw and hay. Apply to H. N. Anstiss. Wyman, Que.
STOCK-TAKING, FEBRUARY I. We are
carefully going through our stock of Dry Goods and Remnant Bargains will be plentiful
for some time.
6 only Men’s Grey Coat Sweaters at
$1.00 each.
ROBE LOST—On Wednesday night. Jan. 9. between Shawville and Yarn», a new reversible plush robe—black and grey. Finder will much oblige by leaving same at the Methodist Parsonage, Yann or this office.
DOG LOST—Strayed from the premises of the undersigned, on Jan. 11th, a small sized black and white dog with short tail, answers to name " Buster." Information leading to his recovery will be thankfully received. Thoh. Wall, Radford. JO 2
FOR SALE- 1 pair of 3-year-old heavy Clyde Colts (off Carnegie) for sale at a reasonable price. Apply to A. J. Davis. R. R. No. 3. Shawville. Qi
273
u<*
FOR SALE—A good second hand Kam Organ—piano case—slightly used. Apply. J. L. Hodgins, Shawville.	27-1 f n
10 per cent off all Overcoats.
PLAYMOUTH ROCK COCKERELS
Several floe Playmouth Rock Cockerels for sale—Macdonald College Stock-prize birds, for brading purposes.
WM. A HODGINS.
W. A. HODGINS
Shawville.
Memorial Cards.—A new stock of very neat ones at this office — several designs.

###PAGE###2###
WHAT HEROES DO TO WIN CROSSES
angle, crossed the old fine where the | British had been established for months and pushed on to Gouzeau-court, a mile and a half behind it. On the northern side they recaptured Bourlon and forced General Byng to retire from half the ground he had gained. He succeeded, however, in pushing back the Germans from Gou-zeaucourt to Gonnelieu, the point the old jine where they had broken through.
An offensive over a twenty-five mile front between Boissons and Rheims
n
force wo* so powerful that no German array could stand against It, and the Huns began leading their tiadly bat- ! terod regiments in retreat.
Drove Hum# to the Sea	I
In September, 1917. the Belgian*, i under General Tombeur, brought their lines to n junction with General Smuts* right wing, the Portuguese carried their vanguard to complete j the semicircle and the entire half, circumference of allies closed In, driving the German» toward the see.
The recent surrender of the last Hulls was known and expected In Ber ! lln. Nothing more can be done by the
KAISER’S BLACK
DREAM FADES
f/z'c
l*gm<
BOY
? (b
SOME RECENT REC IPIENTS OF
HIGH HONOR.
MILLION SQUARE MILES AND 14.000,000 PEOPLE,
N
on
/
A Brief Description of the Valorous Deeds Rewarded by the Victoria Cross.
Prospective Colonial Empire of Ger many Wrested From Hun by Boer Kinsmen.
Little Bear and The Woodchuck Babies
After Little Bear had tdld his father Little Bear loved the old Ground and mother about his talk with their was begun on April lb by the French.
What shall I Auberine, east of Rheims, was taken
the next day and a bridgehead south
Hog. whose other name is woodchuck. friend, he inquired,
The reason why beloved him was be- I do if 1 find a trap.
cause every year, on February 2, Mr. Lather Bear did not suppose that of the Al80* at tbe junction of the Ground Hog used to wake from his L‘ttle Bear would ever find a trap in | Vesle, which the Germans had held long winters sleep and go out for a the forest; so he laughed and saij,, ®ver since the batte of the Marne, was
111™
reason why he loved the old Ground	>0.Uu?u	».!!!!“ " VT*’ #	and desperate fighting triumphing over Gauls, Egyptians,. Importa! consul general, Dr. Nachtl- by firing his revolver through the
Hog. Every autumn that old Ground 7», T . v	careful *° .followed all through May and June on nr,ton* and Huns and receiving their t0 •‘investigate the German far |oophole forced the garrison to capit
Hog used to wink at Little Bear and	* n ^ *7" P° * 1 T vJK.^ts em m t^v vmve» on cither testimoniale of Indebtedness, was ,<,rlea 0,1 the w,,8t coaal/ England uiete. Severely wounded in the shoul-
prom.se, "Yea, yes. Little Bear. I will a , m ,w , if P,	k Wa?.-u Slde the 8t/e-P 1,1 K The Germans, wm,elnVa model. He pictured him rpengntaed the colonial danger lurk- der, he refused to be bandaged, and
call your father early, if I do not have	h\ 1 ° *	! wtf ?broom, did were	driven from t c Californie Pla- Lelf cracking the whip over	sooty 1,16 l,eh,nd m* Phraseology and sent	again ,e(, hig battalion forward, he-
to go back to bed myself for another	1 *	8 Llltlle Bear huW to eal‘ the northern side on July 25, j backs, bossing a continent.	1,8 officials up from th6 provinces	illg again badly wounded. After tak-
1 JT c ,	' hut, lt Was not VHU1 0c,1' 24 lhMt their » He woke up from this highly pleas , ,0 benl th® Germans. For many years 1 ing an objective he collapsed from loss
SSSSÜE5™Sr-lsa™ ss
1. ! bai Jau^*u'd* toü» and ubcn be biugh- to the north as far as St. Quentin. By 1	Not a Foot of Afr,ca*	The result was that In July Togo and SPeme,| certain death killed
1 ,v,t VUorse Mother Bear laughed, Nov. 4 they had reached the Ailette Germany owned 91P.150 square miles Kamerun both placed themselves liner little Woodchucks*	because 'mV	11 nd 8G'aightway the three had a jolly	River, which runs	parallel to the	of African	territory when William be	der German protection,
mother is calling me “	,etHU!<t m*	dance.	Aisne and al»out	five	miles north of it.	Ran dreaming. To-day she possesses A year kiter a German fleet appear
.	,	,	* *,ie	*me Little Bear took the drawing their lines closer toward not a fool. The Boers, once Eng ed off Zanzibar, on the east coast, and
. .	.as. 1	e a dtessed up Buie Jay	l aby \\ oodvbucks	to play in his play-	Lao». All attempts to	move	them	land's enemies, have co-operated with	forced the natives to admit that	Prut-
«°.1.	1 0	CHI toat Woodchuck	ground, he looked and looked and	from this position so far	have	failed,	the	Belgians and Portuguese in uc	sla ruled that section,	since	called
Denies are turned out to take care of looked for a trap, because he wished	-----*------- ¦ cupylng all German colonies in the German East Africa. It Is odd to note
. enJSe ff i*-11 ! Uu afe °,dy a fvw t0 prutvvt the baby Woodchucks, and \\ || \LE MEAT A DELICACY. <lark continent. Vnder the military that the colonies fell In the same order wee s o . .ittie Bear	was feeling?	sure enough, he found one.	That is,	- genius of	General Jan Christian	as they were created, Southwest	first.
distress. <L over that	news when	he saw u most tempting hit	of honey	Can llardlv Be	Distinguished Froml8mutK th*	organized forces of the	Togo second. Kamerun third and	East
jirT.-r...........................................................................................................- __________._______
‘m in the W .hmIc hui k family, and of no hing except the honey, and was To most people it will be a surprise from its military significance this vie t	at	no harm conies to the little ones	about to help	himself, when In-	to learn that whale steak,	roast	whale	luporb tribute t*> England,
1	tu	v v ivy	then parents ami stay in	thought of the	l»aby Woodchucks,	and whale in other appetizing	forms	the	ruler, for It proves that sixteen	A W holesome Source of	Protein	and
t	un îat it they**isit What if there should be a trap under are now offered on the menus of a few years after she conquered the Doers	0r L'asilx Divested Kiu
ainivis gaiden> and eat the farmers it to catch them! So he cried out, of the best hotels and restaurants in 1 In bloody warfare the vanquished men	*	,D . „ . a. ,	,.
beans and peas, they run the risk of ‘Must a moment!” and held hack the New York, Boston u v' hiladelphia. have become so lovai that they will An eminent physician assert* that 1'UfcHeers < Reddish, Mockpoi t). being shot or taken in traps or killed baby Woodchucks.	j During the last few weeks consider- light their own flesh and blood to pro- lhtl fat8 of nut8* ih*lv chief food prin- He dashed ahead of his men and
by ^dog>.	Sure enough, when he poked away able quantities of whale meat have tect her.	ci pie, are the most digestible of all ,	* machine gun bring from a
*‘So !ong a> our children stay in the leaves and grass, there was the been shipped in refrigerator ears to1 German East Africa was the last forms of fat.	shell h..< in front of m pill box.
the woods or the meadows, and eat	trap, and there was the chain fastened	eastern cities from the	Pamic coast.	German stronghold to fall. General	Fats entering the body do not un-	8,101 Uvo °* the Kunmrs and the rest
grass and clover, they are safe and	to a stump! And it was such a big. Hotel stewards declare	it excellent	Smuts had	been hammering at	it for	^ergo transformation changes which	surrendered. He then went on to the
happy, ho said to Little Bear. “You trap that Little Bear "did not dare to and are anxious to know how they can two years. In November l!»15, lie. but take p,ace ln other foodstuffs, but are l"l! ,ox u,vl	/.'j ( lc occupants
never saw a little Woodchuck crying!”	spring it with a stick; so home he ran	obtain regular supplies.	lately one	of the Transvaal's	best	80 «lightly modified in the process of	to surrender, rhey did so except on*
Little Beai laughed when he remem	for his father and mother to come and	It is hardly distinguishable from	leaders in	warring on England,	was	digestion and absorption that after	n}un* whom he dead; whereupon
bere<! that he never had seen a baby show him how it worked.	beef, either in appearance or in flavor, placed In command of the expedition reaching the blood and the tissues they Mb<’ut p p emerged from shell holes
Woodchuck crying.	| When Father Bear saw the trap, he When raw it is red and the fat looks | which was to attack Prussia’s main are reconstructed into the original an^ surrendered.
”1 ; take care of the Woodchuck looked steadily into the bushes for a exactly like beef fat. Whale steak, possession in the colonial world, formein which they are eaten.	sergeant 'vw,s= MiGee, Australav
haines,* he promised their father, “if moment, and then, before Little Bear “nder its own proper name, has fig-j Against him were arrayed 6.000 Ger- Nuts are free from waste product»,	Force (kdled).
yu; wi, tell me what traps are like, had time to wink, away Father Bear ured on the Iff 11s of fare of restaurants uians and 50,000 well arpied and dis- uric acid, carmine and other tissue Single-handed and armed only with so . can look for them.”	went, crashing after something! The in Seattle and San Francisco for many . cipllned native troops. Cooperating wastes.	, a revolver he rushed a pill box, shot
\ cry well.* said l ather Wood- next thing Little Bear knew, four big months past.	vvlfh him front the south and oast Nuts are aseptic, free from putre #omv of the c rew ami captured it, thus
1 will tell you how a s‘eel boys were running like deer through At last accounts, whale t in San i werH Belgian and Portuguese armies, factive bacteria and do not readily un- ‘ *ng an advance to proceed. Me trap works. It Aies on the ground the woods, away and away!	; Francisco was fetching ; nty-two allies with whom lie could not join dergo decay either in the body or out waa later killed,
like an open	book, only it is	hidden	When Father Bear came hack, out	and a half cents a pound, but m the 1 Hues, but who, like him. were ready	«ide of it. Meats are always	in an	ad-
by gras* and	leaves. In the	middle	of breath and laughing, he pressed tbe	Seattle markets it has sold more com-i,<> draw In closer on Hie province.	va need stage	of	putrefaction.	Ordin
ot the trap is a little platform or pan. end of his cane on the spring, and— monly at ten to fifteen cents. From	w u # r	a	ary meat« contain from three million
ami on that pan is placed something clang! went the trap.	the housewife's point of view it is very '	°r ° enera ot ia	to ten times that number of bacteria a 10086 °1' (a"cd for some one to ful-
X\ hen the little	Wood-!	“Little Bear, said Father Bear	economical, inasmuch ae it contains no German Southwest Africa, with an	per ounce.	,	ow	him, and	rushed	for the house.	By
t is a good thing for you bones.	area of 322,m square miles, had al- Nuts are free from trichime, tape lhe time his men arrived he was in the
tries to get it. and in doing it he eith-	and for us all that you took such good	A whaling company at Gray s Har-	n.‘a<l-v ,aI1<*n before the	army of the	worm and other parasites as well as tb*ck of a hand-to-liand fight
er steps on the pan or presses it down	care of the little Woodchucks, because	bor, Wash., sold 247.0(H) pounds of	* ld<m" General	Botha,	also an ex- . the infection due to specific diseases. entm>' surrendered, and, in addition to
with his nose l hat makes the pring	that is a bear trap, and those boys	whale meat between August 1 and	^ 61 leader, had	guided	ibis effective	Nuts are clean and sweet. Liquid nut ! * be dead and wounded, between twenty
shut, quickly, ami there the little fel-	were trying to catch you. But I	October 16, and it could have disposed	HIÎavk‘ 1 °go. a	strip of only 33,700	preparations have saved the lives of.anl* 1 Hirty prisoners were taken,
low is	caught in the trap.	He cannot	frightened them so much	that	they	a	f*r greater quantity if its cold- ! s<,uarv niileH iu ar,a in ,,1<J uor:h. had	hundreds of infants within the last	.	J ,nre Sergeant	John Harold
get away by	dragging the trap, he-	will never venture into your play	storage facilities had been adequate. ***" occupied by British and French	twenty years.	|	Rhodes,	Grenadier Guards	(Tunatall,
cause it is fastened to a log or a ground again."	! The meat is now being canned on a aMlniVH almost without a struggle. A nut orchard 2#t) miles square ^laffs).
i Sure enough, they never did. As large scale at Victoria. B.C.	Biiti.-.i hiddlers were cornering the would supply one-third enough food Seeing three Germans cave a pill
walked for the baby Woodchucks, they thank-	The above-mentioned company ^ German defender of Kamerun. the	to feed 100,000,000 citizens.	I,0X ,1C we,,t oul single-handed
away slowly; he was laughing to him	! ed Litle Bear when he taught them	Canadian concern) has newly obtained j, J tl‘P 10,11 kniser Cf)lon,e8, 1,8	The nut should no longer \*e	con-	t, .oug1 our barrage and hostile ma
self, because he did not believe that how to look out fur traps themselves; permission from the United States i	. s<,lla n niileR W6r<* ^heedily side red a table luxury. It should be ,	n,‘ gun ,lrc and got *n,t>	PiP
there was a stell trap in all that anci-iand then they lived happily for a Fisheries Bureau to extend its whal- hU!(UI1.1 , 116 to ,Im' nfw r,uly	a staple article of food, replacing the, >ox* ^berv he raptured nine, including
ent wood	time afterwards,	ing operations off the coast of mth 11	*316 Kai un sur pork and «sets, which are inferior *n ortker with a telephone.
ern California in the winter time, ! r6nde**ed and f ,le territory of F:»st Af-	: foods and a prolific source of disease.	1	( orporal F.rncst	All>ert Egerton,
miswi «it , rx ah mvff.	^^8when thé huge marine mammals seek r<	. .	! Every highway should he lined with X,,,lt*a,,il l>v'hy H (Longtoo, aged
TUV IVAD fiN THF Anfr6- vapturmg Thiepval on Sept. 2(î warm latitudes.	! German claims to Angola had never nut trees. A row of nut trees on each (m,y 20)'
lllL	Tf/tA vll	lUL	ami	Beaumont-Hamel in	Novemlier	It	is safe to predict that from this W6,‘ eatabliehed. but they had. short-	side of our country roads will provide	X olunteera being tailed for to clear
lirmitmif	rnAHT	anU	fo.rvlng ,he Gt,rman8 t0 makt*	an	time	on there will be no more of the. aMer ?! °Utb1reak of tl,e war* been	sufficient food for thousands of peo-	dugoutR' he (,ashed	out under heavy.
WKMKKIN	rKlINI	lfxte,'slve retreat aIong their wh0,e	foolishness of throwing away whale 7PP",T » * .“rge “alhv force of'	Pie, and leave all our cultivated	land	flre at yhorl rangc- He 8hot in 8UC*
HliUlLlin	lllVIll	Jlme from Arras to St. Quentin, while	meat. There will he a profitable Iflc6red b> * russlans. The Portuguese	to be worked as it is now.	cession a rifleman, a bomber and a
the French on the south forced them market for every procurable pound of maf,€ 8hort work uf t,le8e Pretentions,	_	_ gunner, by which time he was sup
to evacuate the Noyon salient. The it—not merely during the war. hut ,l0we.>6r-	*	ported and twenty-nine surrendered.
• battle of the Somme, following the (its edible quality having come to be	East Africa Last to Fall	FAMOUS INVALIDS.	Private Arthur Huit, R. War. R.
German defeat before Verdun by the known) always in the future, so long Likewise the Germans sought to M	„	"	(EarlsJon, Coventry).
I French, marked the turning point of as there are whales to be caught. edge Into the English Sudan by fo- Men X> ho B6fame , am0us in Spite of U hen all the officers and N.C.O/s of
,thc war.	There are a number of species of menting rebellion among the natives	*>oor Health.	a pbtioon had become casualties, he
On Feb. 27. 1917. the Germans he-	whales in the North Pacific, and in but u quick smash at the malcontents	Those who are afflicted with	ill	l?°. ™mmand; ra" forward alone and
r	t	srss zz	rss	t
lhe retreating German., taking Ra- a fair-.lzed whale wjil yield from fi.000 ! but ndded 160,000 square mile*, with on “Suffering and the War " that ? to surrender. He carried in paume on March 1. and Peronne the to 10,000 pounds of meat.	a population of 4,UOO.OOO, to the actual “Coleridge rlaimeil that tho thro four wounded under heavy Ore
Germany's first act in the war xtas "ext day On April 0 the Canadians	+------ ipoanesslon, of Urea, Britain.	great.st workHf the ninetÏn	-*	"
to tramp'e over Luxembourg and in- ‘•PturecX tmy Rtdge	« ere British Still. O Motherland! So . h.lMoson hammer strokes rid- j taries were all written hymen of'	THF. FATTKD BRIDK.
vade Belgium, occupying Brussels on On June , the British launched an	--- ded Wilhelm of all his African colon feeble health—Spinoza's‘Ethics ’ Ha	---
Aug. 20, 1814, and burning Louvain on	d'[ert«l a»«in8t German po^ Though traitors in our land exist,	Increased the pres , on's ‘Novum Organum ' and Kanfs ' < »rnm«'»1 H»1»» »" Ghief Ingredient of
Aug. 2o. Descending on France, the «‘lons '"'the heights southeast of And men with treacherous acts assist '‘*e of enemies, England, Portu -Critique of Pure Reason'" As an-
SëSESrSFBsawass.	,
Uons, and on endless other subjects, In Brail! corpulence is also eanaid-
and small he set forth a pro- ered.the essential point of famale
fas,oft of new and original ideas."	beauty, and the greatest compliment
that can be paid to a Braziljmn lady is to tell her that she grows fatter and fairrr every day.
?»*
The kaiser's black dream has dis-, Kaiser in Africa.	The following awards of the Vic-
solved Into thin ntr	He .has still Previous to 1384 Germany's politi- toria Cross are announced in a recent
nightmans In plenty, but this par rfll policies had been purely continen issue of the London Daily Mail: tlcular dream was	black	with	a cap!	,M*« but In that year K. A. E. Luderlts,	j
¦ ¦ It whs his vain glorious hope	« Bremen merchant, prevailed upon	ni#rk	Watch,	commanding Line. R
that some dav he	might	build	up an	bis government to take a great tract	nephew	of	(ienyal	Sir	J. T*
dossal	of territory and protect Ids factories	Johnes,	V.C.

Major Lewis Pugh Evans, D.S.O
walk
tal "B
Hills
a <
long nap."
Naturally, Little Bear loved the Woodchuck babies
played in the woods with him the livelong day; but he always wondered why they laughed when he would sax
who sometimes
an enemy
gunner and carried the gun to hi
company's objective, where he used it with great effect. With two others he ran forward and got liehlnd the enemy, killing six and capturing twe officers and twenty-nine men.
Sergeant John James Dwyer, Australian M.G. Corps. .
in charge of n Vickers machine gun he rushed it forward to within thirty yards of an enemy gun and fired point blank at it, killing the crew. He then seized the gnu and, ignoring the snipers, carried it ba« k across shell-swept ground to our line.
Sergeant Joseph Lister, Lancaster
I

t
X PLEA I OR NI TS
He
chuck

Sergeant John Molyneux, Royal Fu-sileers (St. Helens).
After clearing a trench in front of
good to cat
ch- sees the good thing to eat. he solemn
The
stump by a chain."
The old Woodchuck then
POSITION or THE OITOSIM
ARMIES.
What Has Happened to End of 1917 in Anglo-French Section of Europe.
Beauty Treatment.
popu
arcom
French In September. The year 1916 priee and by Nov. 26 the British had Faw the turn of the tide. 'I he British Bourlon wood and village and rere
, Mid within throe miles of CamhraL
rlo- flAtm# wee In the nnen fnr tl
Und”!
When In the early eeiiiomer the various states In the union agreed to w-=l ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦	prosecute the war more vigorously
* ~w* w. Staples, Lindsay, Ont. Germany # fate wae sealed la the dark
-------+¦-----7-	^	continent, for General
While a bridal wreath in this.coun-1 was thereafter an ____________ _______
I	1 .	or»"ro with recruits and thé enltüry'hreoëh
blossoms, Italy uses white rosea, Spain of the ripMltioo materially streegih red roees, and Greece vine leaves. ened In the last of the .urn
rere One rousing cheer to thee we send, The "We re British still, O Motherland!”
extended their lines to the Somme, and j within throe miles of C on July 1 the great joint Anglo- tyhlin# WA* in - open for tht Urst French attack on the Germans beean tifee Ifl months anj cavalry took part in which more than 130 square miles On T* 1, J the (îeunans began a very of territory were reconquered and 70,- | powerful countef gtUck on both sides 000 prisoners taken. The British ex- nf the salient General Byng had créât-tended their drive north toward th •	broke tW- A the southern
f'vtz#
(	ere the cheapest grade of
food on the market for the amount of nourishment contained in them. Milk next In giving food value for

try is usually composed
e
We should take an inventory of oui friends as well as of our goods.
hie
money \ -
###PAGE###3###

»
J
Mesopotamia Stories.
Canon Parfit, of Jerusalem, who described himself hh 'Vicar of Mesopotamia and Rural Dean of the Garden of Eden/’ recently told a few Eastern tales in London.
He said that when he first saw his
The Folly Of Taking
Digestive Pills
injuries, and nearly all were sick from swallowing salt water. The next morning we were picked up by the Italian steamship Andrea, from Spczia.
“The Andrea landed us in the Ma-____	ideira Islands, where we remained for
a month before we got a ship. < I TORONTO SAILOR RECOUNTS AD- “While waiting to ship we heard
VENTURES WITH SUBS. I SgJgjaLfgTAgtS!
One of the worst cases was cited by eight survivors of an Italian ship.
“When the ship was torpedoed, the crew, numbering forty-nine men, took to the small boats. The submarine shelled the small boats, killing twenty-five men. But this did not satisfy the Huns. They attacked two of the lifeboats with axes, stoving holes in their sides so that they sank, drowning the
of forty-nine escaped to tell the story. Surely, Germany cannot expect the world to ever forget her barbarities on the seas.”
YARNS OF A CANADIAN SEAMAN
Ma

A Fashionable Winter Dress
A
r
A
A Warning to Dyapoptic*.
Tbo habit of 18k 11|* /,!!ym!i|i! L ‘of “charge” the scenery did not impress
women !»«•- him. The people were poverty-strick-drugM m,m1 en and begged for “baksheesh,” the
BI*

t#*r iohhIh imiki-H many thousands of men hi» muse artificial digester» ta m« divines have piactlcall Upoil the exresslvel>
the stomach content# which Is the caus#
moot form# of Indigestion and dy#-.
pepsin.	I A soldier, referring to scorpions and
...PinSÎ.Mr'ur If ZA T.%	»aid- -liverything in the
ami thus gl v# h a fa Imp khin#» of freedom ( Gurutn s lovely 1 I doh t think. I
from pain If those who an subject to wou|(jn»t take a flaming sword to drive Indigestion, gas. rhituh-m-e. belching. hloHtlng, heartburn, etc. after eating me out of it. would get about an ounce of pure bls-
urated magnesia from their druggist	,	,	..	«
and take h teaspoonful In h lit 11# water ing been washed away, the *>u tan deaf ter meals, there would be no further lermined to build a new one, to he set
for dru.H ... medlulneii be-	rHj„ing the m,mey. The people
whipped and blackmailed into
îiv
9
no Influençai	- ¦ ¦ J* -¦ f 1 ™
•ondltlon of children were brilliantly clad in olive
oil and the sweetest of smiles.”
:
JJJjjuwscuircAji
MLD‘fTrTioN§j

i
“One Hundred and Eighty Miles From Land and Our Boat Was Leaking.**
f
#o #
*é
It
im
/ BAKING WWt*S \r.
'•fCWIMÜllùOfTHlV
feuowiwt i ¦
1ST*	WhSI;
HAH H Ciftf: /£ lOMJtCUUBAAW/i X STASIS, y i
“I shall never forget my first experience with a U-boat,1* says John Nugent, able seaman from Toronto. “I had shipped out of Liverpool on a three-masted schooner called the Grenada, a vessel of some 1,200 tons. We had no cargo and were under sealed orders.
At Bagdad, the pontoon bridge hav
CONTAINS
NO
in them. Only eight of the crew
fttUHt* hlMinitfii imigneplu IiihImfit I \ neutralise*! Htomach acidity, at op* food fermentation and thus Insure* normal. luilnlfNK cli»*miloii by « imbllng the Hlomm h to do itn work without hindrance.
•OUi
INa^NO
were
parting with £40,000. The bridge cost1 £4,000, the tax-gatherer pocketed the
rest
ALU M

l
One morning a neighbor met Spike Harrow returning from the timl>er with a gun over his shoulder. Spike was not so friendly, nor so inquisitive
and when asked
“We were tacking along in the Bristol channel when suddenly the lookout spied a periscope, and five minutes later a U-boat of a large type came to the surface. The submarine attacked us savagely, dropping shell after shell on our decks. It was cruel the way
* -
Marching Men.
From the silver coasts outlying, Where the pallid ships are plying, Sweeping in from Fast ami West Over crag and mountain crest,
Up from desert, grove and glen,
Still there come those hosts of men; In their hands the sword aflame,
On their lips an ancient name, Cleaving hearts and lives asunder, Trampling thrones and empires under; Temples lately love-forsaken They have entered anti retaken,
Earth itself their tread has shaken -
/i
JJPJNE Granulated Eyelid*,
"	««j Sore Eyes, Eyes Inflamed by
Li Sen. Deaf »nd lîïmf quickly	. . r-
reheved by Murine. Try it In as his neighbor
your Eyes and In baby's Eye*. whvther he had been “a-shootin\” r e
NoSmsrtiig,JestF.yeCemfert	,ie|| Portly: "Yes
Marine Eye Remedy piitSjSTBUtÇ	“I>« -g.'
Ire Belve, in Tub#» 25#. for Book of tko
A/,k Marine Eye Remedy Co.. Chicago *
Till; CAUSE OF BACKACHE
i
VoURtftS
Every muscle In the body needs constantly u supply of rich, rod blood ,ln propmti«'ii to ihe work It doe#, thut shrapnel ripped up that wooden	muscles of the back are under a
ship. The masts were virtually torn heavy strain and have but little rest, up by the roots and bundled over the when the blood Is thin they lack side into the sea. The decks were nourishment, and the result Is a sen-blown into kindling wood, and the 8ation of pain in those muscles. Home starboard side of the ship was blown people think pain In the back means full of holes. The submarine fired fif- kidney trouble, but the best medical teen shells in all
.” “What yoti been “Your dog? My Well, he didn't look
t
Was he mad? so awfully well pleased.”
I The use of glass bricks for building purposes Is being adopted in many Minard’s Liniment Cures Garget iu Cows • European cities
admitting light to dark hallway» and 1 basements these transporent bricks removed from material by tucking a
have been most satisfactory, and there piece of cotton wool on each side of
has been no loss in stability of con-. the stain.
struction when they have been sub- sorb the oil
stituted for the ordinary clay bricks. -----------
(£) MoCaU*

As h means of
Oil from the -ewing machine may ho
Smart indeed is this semi-fitted dress
authorities agree that backache sob
“The crew lost no time in scram-	dom or never has anything to	do with	w,th the	shaped	tunic,
bling over the port side of the ship	the kidneys. Organic kidney	disease	tern No.	8125,	Ladies'	¦
into small hoots. We were ten miles	may have progressed to a	critical	Dress. In (> sizes, 34 to 44 bust. Price,
from land, and we pulled shoreward as	point without developing a ppln In the j20 cents.	LEMÔNS WHITEN AND
if the very devil was after us. Right back. This being the case pain In the This pattern may be procured from	BEAUTIFY THE SKIN
here I want to say that I don’t care to back should always lead the sufferer your local McCall dealer, or from the	____ (Minard's Liniment cu-v» Distemper.
take chances again with submarines ; to look to the condition of his blood. McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, Make thie beauty ,otion cheaply for when winU»r Fnows are piling over in wooden boats. The steel variety It will lie found In most eases that the Dept. W.	your face, neck, arms and hands.	aml fen(.e an<1
ure good enough for me.	| use of Dr. William#1 Wok Pille to	*	---- ! There are apples in the cefla’r, there
I got my next experience with a build up the blood will stop the sen-	A SIDNEY OF TO-DAY.	At the cost of n small jar of ordln- ia ft,(Wer jn tht. moW;	=
sub when I shipped on the Maure- nation of pain In the Ill-nourished	—	ary cold cream one can prepare a full And though the north wind threatens —
tania, formerly in the service of the muscles of the back. How much bet- Story of Courtesy VS hich Surpassed quarter pint of the most wonderful I dreary frozen months to bring,	h:,:	n ,Mol<s Z'1*'1ls-,
C unard Line. Just outside of Malta ter it is to tr> Dr. Williams I ink I ills That of the Famous Courtier. , lemon skin softener and complexion ^ laugh because beneath it all we out rain by our home treatment. Write à sub popped above the surface of the for the blood than to give way to un-	,	, . ,	, beautirter, by squeezing the juice of h(.ar tke voice of Spring	U.H	‘T* J? ni 1,1	N»e,ii,..l
ocean and gave us a n ry chase, reasonable alarm about your kldne>s. We are accustomed to think of ce.- ^ f„.sh lH|l„,l8 ,nto a bottU. con- *	' * %	....... ' "     J
firing shell after shell. But we were If you suspect your kidneys any doc tain heroic figures of the past as a tajn|ng f]iree ounces of orchard white too speedy	for	the	Hun,	and	finally	tor can	make tests in ten minutes	sort of supermen, whose gallant and	,.are	Kh0uld he taken to strain the
the U-boat	got	sick	of	the	job	and	sub-	that will	set yoUr fears at rest, or tell	knightly deeds we cannot expect the	jujce	through a (ine clolll 80 no iemon	jF	by Dominion Express Money Order
merged.	„	you the worst. But in any event to be men we meet every day to equal. But pu!p K#,tH j,, Uien tl,|8 lotion will keep
perfectly	healthy you must keep the	this war—like every other war—	freHh	for months. Every woman	j	The liquor business	has always heel
blood In	good condition, and for this	proves that the nobility of the human	|gnowg that lemon juice is used to	L	curs.; to the world.	Before Colum
purpose no other medicine can equal, spirit is eternal and essential, and that t hleacli and remove such blemishes as hug discovered America, the author Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.	! it manifests itself quite as often in freckles, sallowness and tan and is the
! You can get these pills through any men of humble birth as in the sons of j^ea! skj|l ^uftener dealer In medicine, or by mall at 60 ; the proudest families cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from I The Dr. Williams'
Marching men, marching men,
McCall Pat
Semi-Fitted Sleeping gods your shouts awaken!
'	Helena Coleman
The cotton will soon al>-
<•

HELP WANTED

ADI EH WANTED to IX) PLAIN à and 11kliI H< \xiuK at horn* wtinln <»r SOM re time. good pay, work e*rit any distance. charRe* paid. Mend stamp for
1 Mittmf.iclu! Ini#
I
N
Moi
I
MISCELLANEOUS
MONEY ORDERS
'
When baying your Pkno Inniat on having an
The safe way to send money by mail
fl 11 OTTO HIGcL” PIANO ACTION
*'m\ -it. jg ¦	=
A Thrilling Adventure.
“The last time I met with a sub was when I was firing on the steamship Platurta. September 16 we left Gibraltar bound for an Italian port with a big cargo of gasoline and benzine aboard. About 8.15 in the afternoon I was having a peaceful pipe in the engine room, when suddenly there was a terrific explosion ’midships. I went sprawling to the metal flooring of the place, and my pipe flew ten feet away. I knew what had happened; we L been torpedoed, and I lost no time in scrambling to the deck. As I reached the open a shell landed on the steamship and exploded, a fragment striking my hand and inflicting a painful wound.
“The initial explosion caused by the torpedo had resulted in the killing of ten men.
ities of the city of Ghent, in Europe, whltener and found it necessary in a time of dearth
to forbid the conversion of grain into
Thus does his-
beautifler.
, Just try it ! (let three ounces of the brewing of beer Medicine Co.,	Fortnightly Review, that when I was orchard white at any drug store and tory repeat itself.
:	a boy the story of Sir Philip Sidney at two lemons from the grocer and make
the battle of Zutphen bit deeply into up a quarter pint of this sweetly frag my imagination. I derived it from a ^ rant lemon lotion and massage it daily f	large, popular history of England, *n ^ |nto the face, neck, arms and hands.
Valley which the incident was made the sub-. jt is marvellous to smoothen rough, ject of a full-page engraving over red hands, which I used to linger with delight. ]
The late Maj.	Gen. Funston	was	For years afterwards the picture, with Every piece of	farm machinery
once employed as	a botanist in	the	additions and embellishments, would	should be put under	cover. Grease all
United	States	Agricultural	Depart-	come back at intervals to my mind, the bearings heavily and cover the ex
ment.	He	was	one	of	a party	sent out	The scene, as I envisaged it, was re- posed bright metal parts with cheap
to explore Death Valley in California, plete with an ornate dignity. The bat- grease of some kind. Vaseline is good The experience is	said to have	been	tie raged decorously in the hack-	and can be had in large quantities at
I the cruelest in all	Funs ton’s life, and	ground; men in correct attitudes, with	small cost. The	iron frames and
.	.	...	f . _ _1 it so nearly proved fatal that he al- corselets and bright lances, stood wheels of mowers etc., should be paint-
lnf m l<>n l* 11 ways declared that he could not under- about; in the centre lay the dying ed. It is the height of extravagance	A ( 'r|cinnati n.ari dise ( <(, ie new was a emp mg o	stand why	he had not died	or	become	hero, an arresting figure, with his'to	leave	tools	out	in	the weather	nt	1 Jl	covered	this	ether	com
lower the lifeboats, of whuh there	mad	curled and, I suppose, perfumed ring-1	any	season,	particularly during	win '	II	P°und	a"d
were two. Captain John Leslie, of j had started out one morning to lets, his elegant sword hilt, his white ter	'	!	I] fraezone. Any drug
Y m S°üîh* * “ üt0Odr0n 7 br< ïe ride one hundred and twenty miles and spotless ruff, his slashed jerkin, I 4_______________________________________________}f! gl8t win seI1 * tiny bot"
of the Platuria ami refused to leave	down the desert to mai, #ome	import-	his Elizabethan hose /and stockings.	T	tie of freezone, like here
h.s position. One of the lifeboats was	^ letters	and packages at	a	post of.	You saw the draft of water offered	Ù	shown,	for	very	little
launched, but the one I was ini capsiz-.	ftce An day hlg pony trudged over, (jn a silver goblet); and then you be-	Minard's Liniment Co., Limited.	cosL You	a few
cd throwing about twenty thecre%\	the desert, breaking through the crust	held the knight, about to raise it to Gentlemen,- Theodore Dorais,	a|	droP3 d.rectly	upon a
into the water. Just then the Flat- ^ fetlock# and mending up be- his lips,- turning to the wounded sol- customer of mine, «as completely, jE; "El tender corr. or callus, uim sank stem downward, and Jim	neftth h# feet strangling, smoke-like	dier at his side, with his courteous	cured of rheumatism after five years M	Instantly the	soreness
\Vhittaker, an oiler, of Minnesota was	cloudg of powdered white alkali.	“Friend, thv necessity is greater than	of suffering, by the Judicious use	of	disappears, then short-
.hugged to his death by thv auction., ^ thermometer rose that day to mine.” Certainly a grand thing done MLNARD’8 LINIMENT.	|j| ; 11 !y you will find the corn
( apUin Leslie went down with his ^ hundred and forty-seven degrees, in the grand manner!	The above facts can be verified by || |	'!§ or callus so loose that
8 'P*	- a height no one there had ever seen In the earlier days of the war I x 1 *,iuK to him, to t e Parish Priest I||[ Ij you can lift it right off.
it reach before. The hot air blew caihe upon a paragraph in a news- ul an> 01 bl“ neighbors.	i 1j	Freezone is wonder-
across the wastes so dry, so pénétrât- paper correspondent’s letter about the	A ( f,TL. Merchant.	I I h ; ||j ful.	It diies instantly,
ing, that it peeled thv skin from Fun- fighting near Festubert. A British b!- ^'don . Que., 12 May. ,'98.	j VI jt	jt doesn»t cat away the
ston’s face, parched his lips and made soldier was lying wounded on the	LJ I J com or callus,
them bleed, stung and burned his nos- ground, fevered with thirst, close by a	shrivels It up without
trils, and caused a thirst that nothing j German even more desperately hurt, j '	"	"	““	~	' even irritating the surrounding skin.
.	could satisfy.	Stretcher bearers arrived and offer,-.1 e " nmlvl, material te ise is. Hard, soft <>r corns between the toes,	,
U-boat With a Conscience.	He had only a quart of water in his the Briton a tin of water. The man j cb*an strawi thl8 18 P,aoed <m tbe B* well a. painful calluses, lift right PimpleS OH Back and ScaiD.
At this juncture it seemed that the canteen and no forage for his horse, was reaching for it eagerly when his ^rawhen y plants four to six inches off There Is no pain before or after-	Hair Pomp Dut HptIpH
submarine commander must have been and, realizing that to go on farther glance fell on his tormented enemy, '‘^patter‘the ground has been frozen. wardg if your druggist hasn't	“
stricken with a twinge of conscience, meant certain death, he decided to re- “After *im," he said, and handed hack	spring after the ground is freezone# tell him to orders small hot-	V6fV Trifling uOSti
for the U-boat rose to the surface and	turn. He picketed his horse .in the	the vessel for the German to drain.	thawed, thv straw is worked around	tie	for you from hie wholesale drug	------------
came toward us. He allowed us to	evening, slept until three o’clock in the	So now, when I r»ek to repall my	lbe p!»nts- This serves several pur-	hCU3e.
come aboard the submarine while some	morning, then mounted and started	old vision of Sidney at Zutpnen, it is	Poses* 8Ucb m keeping the patch frev
of his men righted our boat. He gave	hack. When the fiery sun rose over	blotted out by another: a vision of a	^rom weeds* conserving the moisture,
us a dram of rum around and cigar- the mountains his horse gave out and man in drabbled khaki lying in the an<* ^orm,n8 a r'eHM for the her ettes. This submarine commander	staggered weakly; and so Funston	horrible crimsoned filth of no man’s!	r!cs t0 r'Pen on* After the fruit has
seemed to possess a sense of humor,	dismounted and led it. For many miles	land; of another man in a torn gray	riPent?d, the straw may he removed,
for after we had gotten the rum into walked, determined, in spite of his tunic, drenched with blood, staring our systems and had lit our cigarettes, kgony, not to giye up until life left with wolfish eyes at thv water; of the
I remember, says a writer in the
Brock ville, Ont
Q
—O-—\>—o—-
WOMEN ! IT IS MAGIC !
LIFT OUT ANY CORN l
o
»
-o—o
'(À
!

LOST IN THE DESERT
N
i f i
&
#
-

had 1 Terrible Experience in Death
in California
Apply a few drops then lift corns or calluses off with
no pain.

x
t

finger
o—o—o o—o—o
Ah! That’s the Spot

t
Sloan s Liniment goes right to it. Have you a rheumatic ache or a dull throbbing neuralgic pain? You can find a quick and effective relief in Sloan s Liniment. 1 housende of homes have this remedy handy for all external pains because time and
lime again it haa proven the qui-.kcat relief.
So clean and easy to apply, too. No rubbing. no at am. no inconvenience a# ie the rase with piratera or ointmenta. If you once use Sloan aLiuiment.you will never be with-cut it.
Generous sized bottle#, ml all druggist#.
Just think! You can I lift off any corn or callus without pain or soreness.

• c
i

#Te

-7.
*

“Those of us in the water clambered on top of the overturned lifeboat; the man clinging to the boat on my right was a fellow by the name of Mills, from Georgia, who had been torpedoed four times; the experience was really nothing new to him.


I
but
I bund red pimples comlnv out he. my right shoulder blade. The pimples festered and then spread on my back. This had a burning itching feel-
1 reduce inflamed, swollen	^	broke
Joints, Sprains. Bruises, Soil \A	7 a patch and luir timeout.
Bunches; Heals Boils. Poll V	"1 used Cuticura Soap
P 1 *-l T-	,	,	. .	, ,	„ _ - A	Evil,Quittor,Fistula and	/	and Ointment, and after I
he informed us with a grin that he him. ,	former shutting his own parched lips w< FSW M coupje of men sawing!	infected sores quickly	bad used two boxes of
had stolen the rum and tobacco from Suddenly he heard two distinct tight over his teeth and putting the - , A A , w:fh	f |Tj 1/	»< it is a positive antiseptic \ / 17 Ointment with three cakes
rum . ,h, «W» ,™,	-h-	.h- £,T„ H.if..h„u,TZ aJuSa “—««a;	• -cSSStirtir U C,*„.
z „tsr "d ,h*	;ï;r.s a æ&SiZsîSnSS: triads, Mn.
mander'wÏÏ'a'Uîy1 cutîou.” “person trough by'theAemb.^heat ‘tod	'""ÜÜÜL.-------	"T-t^puruÏLTorttilï. ^
He inquired concerning our national!- caused the snapping of the nerves in	j ¦	|	¦	¦¦
ties, And asked a number of questions his head to sound like rifle shots, about the war. It seemed that he had At four o'clock the next morning he been travelling underneath for a considerable time and was out of touch with world-events. He asked questions concerning the name, cargo and of the Platuria and wanted to
e i
low
ABSORBINE
TRADE MAKKWlu.SPAT.OB
1 lieu an eruption out on my scalp in
Wl
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
an
9

Deafness in Soldiers
I
?It is not being out at heels that
.	,	,	A novel cure for deafness in sol-, makes a man discontented: it is being
staggered across the doorway of a jier9 has been found by British doc- ut at heart.”-Bliss Carman, ranchman s house and weakly cried torSf who believe in the power of sug-for water. He had walked forty miles geation to accomplish much that their through the desert in a night and day medical skill cannot. Much of the | of such fearful heat as even Death deafness ,t the front is hysterical,
Valley ha,I scarcely ever known before. ^ of the tidier, fear of going deaf
from the incessant pounding of the explosives about him.
Many times these men cannot l»e cured by direct treatment, and it is
Machinery For Sale
I

NX V
X\\

I VYHEELiK'K ENGINE, 18x42.
New Automatic Valve Type. Complete with supply and exhaust piping, flywheel, etc. Will accept $1,200 cash for Immediate sale.
1 ELECTRIC GENERATOR, 30 K.W., 110-120 Volts D C.
Will accept $426 cash for Immediate sale.
1	LARGE LEATHER BELT. Double, Endless. 24*inch x 70 ft
Will accept $300 for Immediate sale, although belt Is In excellent cork dltlon and new one would cost about $600.
PULLEYS, Large size.
26*66—$30 ;	12x60—120;	12',x4S—$12 ;	12*36—
2	BLOWERS OR FANS. Buffalo make.
One 10 Inch, other 14 inch discharge —$30 each.
REAL ESTATES CORPORATION, LT 1).
60 Front St. West, Toronto
) 17
crew
know what had become of the captain. We told him that the captain was dead and that information seemed to give him satisfaction. Right here I thought it was time for the Hun to play the role of the questioned, and 1 asked him to give us the number of his U-boat. That made him angry
Ix>ok here, young man,' he growled, ‘don’t get impertinent; you are lucky to be alive.'
Story of Eight Sur* it ora.
DODDS 1
KIDNEY
k PILLS
7
/
/
Rose Hed .#
X
Rose hedges are not uncommon in Great Britain and in Europe but they
are somewhat of a novelty here. Rose, then that the unique system is brought hedges are good for screening th%{ into play. They are given very slight vegetable garden or as a dividing line anesthesia ami a tiny incision made in betweeq neighbors.	the skin behind an ear. Then an iron
Makes leep trench of well manured plate is hammered violently close t<> soil and use such varieties as Ameri- the ear. In almost every instance can Pillar, Crimson Rambler, Dorothy where the deafness is hysterical the “After that we were bundled into perkins, Climbing Captain Cristy, Ex- patients regain their hearing imme-boat without ceremony. We were cel»a, Caroline Testout.	diately, convinced that a serious an<l
180 miles from land, and our boat was For supporta use poets with galvan- therefore helpful operation has been leaking. We took turns at rowing and ize<j wire stretched between them performed, bailing. We were a miserable feeling Three or four strands of wire will be lot; r’n# of us wore suffering from required.

t
â J ! !

m
a i
p!?
mm




our
#
ISSUE 2—11
ED. 7
Minard i Liniment Onree Colde, Bin.
###PAGE###4###

NOTICE OF MEETMC8
omet MIL, SMWVIUf :
Always a Fighter.
In “Lloyd George, the Man tod Hit Story/’ we are told that Lloyd George wae a fighter from the beginning and that one of hU earliest foes was the Established church. At twenty-five he beat out the clergy In their effort to keep an old Nonconformist father from being burled beside his daughter In the churchyard of a village at the foot of Snowdon. “Take the coffin In by force.” aaId he, “if necessary. If the churchyard gates are locked against you break them down. ' It waa done , and the chief justice at London upheld the local Jury which decided that the action was within rights.
COOKED BANANAS.
Motion — Horner-Henderson —That Mr. Wiggins be notified to remove the dam at once.
Motion — Cainpbell-McLellun -That we do now adjnui n.
(board measure) of cedar squares — 1-third of quantity to Ik? tixti ; 2 thirds to lx* 8xS. lengths—2-thirds to Ik* 10 feet long, and l-third may lie 12 or 8 feet long. All to Ik* sound cedar.
3,000	feet are wanted at Brown's mill ;
3,000	feet at Mill Creek, ftth con. line ;
feet at Bert HodginsV Y arm and
3,000	feet at Shaw ville. Tenders to lx1 hi the hands of the Secretary before Monday, Fehruaay 1th. Cedars to he delivered not later than April 1st, l!H8.
Can ied.
Motion	Hodgins-McDoweH
we pay It. .1. Burgess' bill of £10.00 for work on roads. -Carried.
Motion Sinclair-Dale -That property owners lx* notified through The Equity to keep winter roads passable by rolling or otherwise, as winter roads are still in charge of ratepayers. Carried.
Motion—Hodgius Dale—That the C 1\ Railway Co. be notified to keep all crossings in this municipality in proper condition during winter months.—Carried.
matting various articles, turn duty of thirty per cent, thereon would return to the Colonial Treasury $300.000. It is estimated that there has been a heavy falling-off In the construction of fishing schooners the past ten years, some estimating 500 third of the fleet which existed
THE EQUITY.
n
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 17. 1918.'
O. Y. H. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at Up. di.
K. 8. II. Workman, W. E. N. Hodoins, W M	Itec. Secy.
(!. T. DrVMMONIs
Sec.-Trots
\ latv rvixwt from Montreal says that rar has dropp'd another 10 cents per x» pounils making u total reduction of
There
or a
then
A bonus to encourage the building of fisher craft was provided by the colony last year, but because of the abnormal demand for vessels for deep sea operations to take away our fish and to bring in our food and other supplies, all the colony's ship building energies have been devoted to the construction of larger vessels, but It is intended In the near future, certainly after peace is declared, to make every effort to provide a large fleet of Ashing vessels and to create and employ more such vessels In this industry. It Is proposed also to transform the educational system of the colony In such a way as to induce the people to continue In that tfwrunAl ion.
Montreal, Jan. t‘. The Canadian liar Association will promote a bill at the next session of the (Quebec Legislature for the appointment of a commission of three member# of the bar, for a period of three years to study and facilitate the securing of uniformity of legislation on a numW*r of subjects connected with industrial and other companies. It is the intention of the association to urge similar legislation in every province.
f„ O. L. No. «7, meets 1st Tuesday of each month.
II Kim HoiHilNS
W.M.
cents per 100 since Dec. 13 till lot* of room underneath for am
filed. IIOTHiiNH, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on i he 14th of each month
H. N. Bounins. WÊÊM
W. Union. In Com
I’lutt
mb!
so.
Reo. Hoduinh Com. Scribe.
It Lx announced that the Dominion \ uLament will not assemble this year More March t>th jwssibly a week t.4ter, as the result of the soldiers’vote ill not be known for some weeks yet, l egislation of a decidedly progressive 1 tractcr i< cx&#ected to be introduced.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TINE OF MEETING :
Fried or Baked, They Are a Delioieue and Nourishing Food.
Americans already eat millions of bananas a year as raw fruit, but our capacity would be much larger, according to the food economists, If we would use it more extensively as a cooked food. There are many ways of cooking bananas, and In most of the lands where they grow fried and stewed bananas are staple articles of diet.
The banana contains as large a percentage of carbohydrates (starch and sugar) as does the i»otato and nearly the same proportions of other conatlt-with the exception of potash.
3UR LITTLE NEIGHBOR
First Tuesday, Second Wedneedey
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thure. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawviile - First Saturday,
of each month.
NEWFOUNDLAND 18 WRESTLING WITH FISHERY POLICY.
\ aepurntc peace agreement has been tered into between Russia and Built this is thv first genuine step
MOTORCAR ECONOMY.
Motion - McDowell Sinclair — That the by-law proposed at last meeting re. gravelling portions of Viekanock, Tort age du Fort and other roads, be left over until February session.—Carried.
Motion	ilodgi ns-McDowell	That
the following bills be paid :
II A Harris,
.lames T. Brown,
Joseph Greer,
Edward Dagg,
(\ Caldwell's board bill W. H. Horner,
F. W. Thomas,
Dr. S. J. McNally,
Betei Maitland,
i
Hew to Make a Gallon of Gasoline Ge Further Than It Doee.
In the first place, use cure In the selection of fuel. Gasoline which does not vaporize with sufficient readiness to remain In a gaseous state eventually condenses In the cylinders and Is eltliei burned or lost without developing Its power. Furthermore, the gasoline must be pure, with a minimum amount of residue which will serve to form car
Government Ha* lleeit Dealing With the Problem of Developing This Important Industry—Motor Boats May Be Used In the Futur»' as Auxiliaries Instead of Oar and Sail ( rafts.
g .tria
• wards ending the world devastating inflict, it is devoutly IioikmI that it will edilv lead to others of greater inv

$ 1.00 •24 50
Surely the gods of war Mpitiatvd if a deluge of blood was the ri< e of that accomplishment Î
m
itauc
uents,
It to not a perfect substitute for the potato, but very near It Most American housewives do not know bow to cook bananas. For fried bananas peel and split them, dip each half Into well beaten egg. then into One breadcrumbs and fry in hot oil.
More digestible are baked bananas. Bananas may be baked whole, one side of the skin being stripped back In this they may be (reeled and cut lu
4.00
HE new Union Government in Newfoundland having, it is hoped, eliminated the item of partisan political warfare struggle, is now about to wrestle with the problems pertaining to the development of the fisheries of the island and making them more valuable
patch of cod in Newfoundland this year will equal 2,000,000 quintals (112 pounds), a larger catch than the previous record-breaking one. which was in 190S. when 1.800,000 quintals were exported however, to the fishermen of this
T
1.00
70.33
15.00 •20.00
18.00 1.50
Clarendon Litchfield Tow u Line, lli*'*s
*5.00
The ruent decision of the Railway l unmissiott t«» order an increase in •rieght and passenger rates on all Canadian railways, to go into effect on February 1st is meeting with consider le opposition from the West, and also o stock dealers in Eastern Canada.
bon
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Secondly, the gasoline must be burned under the most favorable conditions conducive to a development of maximum power following each explosion. Such conditions require tight piston rings and valves, which prevent the leakage of compression or the power of the explosion; a uniform and quickly attained engine temperature; a hot, fit spark occurring as early ns is possible without producing a knock, aid a sufficiently flexible carburetor which will give proper mixtures at all engine speeds. The above mentioned maintenance of engine temperature Is an Important consideration, especially In cold weather.
Thirdly, the carbon should be removed from the engine as soon as an undue accumulation Is indicated, usually every 500 to 1.000 miles, depending upon the kind of oil used, the condition of the rings, the nature of the fuel and the like.
In the fourth place, the mixture should be sot to as lean a point as will run the motor under normal conditions when the engine is warmed to Its average temperature. Nearly every carburetor will permit the needle valve to be screwed down one or more notches. In fact, It Is well to set the carburetor to so lean a mixture that tin? engine will not pull properly before it is thoroughly heated. The difficulty thus encountered may be overcome by the use of the choke or other adjustments oT the carburetor which serve to give a richer mixture when starting. A lean mixture may be further assured by the use of some of the well tried cut attachments designed to furnish auxiliary air to the engine under certain coalitions.
Fifth, the carburetor should bo inspected by an expert and the strainer drained frequently to prevent the accumulation of dirt which may lodge under the float valve and cause the latter to leak when the engine is shut down.
Sixth, the engine should never be left running while the car Is standing idle. If adjustments are properly made the engine will start easily, and the current from your starting battery to cheaper than gasoline. Furthermore, the engine should not be raced at random for testing purposes unless you have a definite Idea as to just where the trouble lies.
Seventh, all brakes should be free so that they do not drag, bearings should bo well oiled, tires Inflated to the pressure recommended by the manufacturer and the whole car so free in its motion that it can be pushed by hand without difficulty on a hard level pavement.—H. W. tilauson in Leslie's.
FOR—
Shawvllle and District
Hall rent,
A. I). Greer, William Dale
TO SILL FOR
4.30
It is estimated that the
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
« ;>
1.00
—(.’allied
case, or
halves. The fruit should be put in a baking pan, sprinkled with cinnamon, a half cupful of sugar, a pinch of salt and tiny bits of butter. Pour into the pan a half cupful of water and baste frequently while 1 Hiking in a quick Lemon Juice may be substituted
—o—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting, 1917. and Spring Planting. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
The meeting adjourned
Unless the order is revoked or modified, he matter will likely be taken to the higher courts solution
' Government to take over and operate le railway- for the remainder of the has l»een done in the United
K. T. Horn.iNs,
Sec.-Treat
It is thought the only f the question is for the
Stmwville Council
Regular meeting of the Municipal Council of Shaw ville, held Monday, January 7. 1918
Present : Mayor Howard and Councillors Woodley, Hodgins, Shore and
Elliott.
Minutes of last regular and s|»ecial meetings read, and confirmed on motion of conns. Hodgins and Shore.
Motion Woodley-Hudgins That the following Bills be paid for cement walk and labor on streets, #70.21 ; (i. A. Howard, forcement walk and labor, $22.54. Carried.
Motion Elliott and Shore That the Mayor put in an ap|»eul for exemption from military service for 1). A. MeCredie as long n< he remains at his present occupation. Carried.
Motion Shore-Hodgins That this Council do now adjourn. Carried.
S. E. Hoduixh,
See. Tiras.
The valut»
Send for new Illustrated catalogue ; also agent’s proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal com
mission j.
Dven
for cinnamon, making it into ft sirup before baking, then pouring over the fruit when placed in the oven. Apples may be baked with the peeled bananas, ind the combination la delicious.
year's catch will be vastly greater
than that of nine years ago
that time the total value was only
about $5,000,000, while tills year It
is expected that the total will be
$15,000,000. This increase is due to the enormously high prices prevailing for all foodstuffs the present year, and especially for fish, which finds a large market in the countries of Southern Europe, where Newfoundland has now a virtual monopoly owing to the former European competitors being unable to carry on their industry in the North Sea by reason of the naval activities in that
• ‘ur, a*
Mate.-.
At
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)*e|
Ontario.
Toronto
The food situation in the Allied 'Hintries of western Europe is graver 1 nan it bus been at any time since the .•eginning of the war. Information has • -veil received by the Food Controller hich -hows that the utmost effort must ’*•»» made to increase spring acreage and , secure a much larger production of read grains in Ts than was done in 17. Mr. Hoover has already jointed out hat if ships have to be sent to more istant countries to carry food stuff to birope, fewer ships will be available to trrv soldiers and supplies from this mtinent, with a result that the con-in ued participation of the United Mates .uni Canada in the war will !*• . ready hampered.
The situation has been thoroughly . tnvas.sed, and among those who have ttidied it, there is unanimous agréent that the only solution of the food roblctn is greater production in North
America. In this connection it is
-pecially iinjxntant that the spring
ereage sown in bread grains should l*o
- large as it can possibly lx made.
Every jterson who van ]H».ssil»ly pro-luee food must do so, no matter how -mall his or her contribution may be. Those w ho cannot .produce food, can at
ist - • maene it The s imperative ritical and the world is rapidly* aj>-Proaching that condition when price vill not lx* the most important question, mt when even the people of Canada nay be glad to eat any food which they an obtain.
The successful prosecution of the war by the Allies will depend to a very •arge extent uixtn the extent of food nroduction ami food conservation this /ear by the jpeople of North America.
Baron Rhondda in a recent message siys “The food position in this country, ind I understand in France also, can without exaggeration be described as ritical and anxious. I am now unable 'o avoid compulsory regulation. 1 fear ,t will bave to come with long lines of f>eople awaiting in the severe weather :n practically every town in England h»r the daily necessaries of life/
SHARK MEAT IS RANK.
But the Arabs of Aden Eat It Both
Fresh and Dried.
Shark fishing Is an important industry at Aden, Arabia. The poorer 'lasses of the inhabitants depend on this fish for their only taste of sea 'ood. Some of the meat Is dried and ireserved In salt. The tins and maws ire shipped to China, and the livers troduce an oil that is used for a var-dsh on boats.
The Arab in his primitive boat, or lhow, a flat bottomed craft of some 150 tons burden, finds his best fishing ; rounds between Aden and Shukra luring the cool months from October to March looks
from a small boat, but this to danger-ms, as a large fish occasionally over urns the boat, and the fishermen be •ome the prey of other sharks.
Small sharks are sold in the Aden Ish bazaar for about half the price of >ther edible fish. Fresh shark meat is very strong, and one must develop a aste for it to enjoy it
Match, or salt dried shark meat, has lie largest market of any of the by iroducts. It Is used In such quantities >y the Arabs of the interior that the oval market cannot meet the demand, ttid much of the meat consumed has o be imported from the Arabian gulf wrts. Like the fresh meat, mulch is drong bi taste and odor.
I. G. Elliott
Synopsisof Canadian Nonth West Land Regulations
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the com mencement of the present war, and has since continued to l#e, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in j*erson at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of three years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an a^jbining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 per acre. Du ties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon an homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emp tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per ¦¦¦Must reside six months in each
region.
It is the ambition of some of the Government authorities to sec an average annual catch of about 2,000,000 quintals of cod hereafter, and It Is hoped to attain this by (1) encouraging the fishermen to utilize to the fullest possible extent motor- . boats as auxiliaries instead of the boats worked by oars or sails mainly In use heretofore; (2) to encourage our people to prosecute the fishery on the Grand Banks more extensively, It being now the least active branch of our staple industry, being greatly exceeded by the catch on Labrador and enormously so by the catch around our own coasts made by the fishermen who operate from their own homes in small crafts; (3) to provide a continuous supply of bait fishes which has hitherto not been attempted owing to various difficulties; (4) to encourage the building of schooners for the various branches of the fishing industry; (5) to educate the boys and young men to engage more actively in the fisheries instead of abandoning them for other pursuits; (6) to establish a standard “cull,” or grade, for fish, so as to ensure the production of the best article, and thereby ensure the fullest value for it; (7) to expand and develop the foreign markets to which our fish now go; (8) to modernize and bring up to date the Colonial Fisheries Department.
Dealing with these in detail, It is pointed out that the motorboat greatly reduces the labor which the fishermen are called upon to give to their industry and ensures much larger returns, the estimate being that it increases a fisherman's Income by 25 to 50 per cent., because it renders it possible for him to fish for a longer period, and he can proceed to and return from the fishing grounds in all but the worst weather by this means
Grand Banks is not being enlarged because of the great risks to life and limb involved, to be compared with those to be faced by the fishermen who operate from the coast, while the latter, by reason of improved appliances and higher prices, are getting much more money with much less hardship. There is also a grievance among the crews of the bankers over the manner in which the catch Is shared, and a suggestion for an improvement In regard to this Industry is that a bonus be given for every thousand fish taken by the men.
/

Bristol Council Minutes
He uses both nets and Fishing is sometimes done
Bristol, January Bristol Municipal Council met on the above date. Present Mayor Campbell and a lull board of councillor.-.
Minutes of last meeting read adopted on motion of Campbell Killoran.
The auditors’ report was now read by the Secretary, showing a balance of cash in hand on all accounts of five thousand six hundred and thirty live dollars and fifty cents.
Motion	Killoran-Horner—That the
report as read be accepted.
The re|H>rt of E. R. Armstrong and XV. .1. Drummond re. price fixed on J. 11 McKillop’s gravel pit was now read.
Motion —Graham-Henderson the report lx* accepted.
Motion Campbell-Hender-on That the following billsjbe paid :
J. A. Cowan, printing as per bill, * 11.00 Mrs. J. Darkness, board of councillors for year 1917,
Mrs. J. Hark ness, caretaking hall
E. Hodgins, auditing,
A. McLeod, service as poll clerk January 1917,
H. Ross, bushing river toBrae.sidi H. Boss, deduction from bill of roadwork done by John Roy,
1>. Sheppard, hushing river to Sand Point,
Mayor Campbell *expense* attend ing county council,
S. A. Mac Kay, cost re. Roliert Ireland lawsuit,
D. Campbell, dog taxes,
Wm. Gamble, in full legal services to date,
Also that the bill of Albert Tubman be refused
A complaint was presented re. width of sidemad between lots 7 and 8, range
VMS
l
.
I
acre
<.f three \ears, cultivate	>
erect a house worth $.300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Linds are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol «tiers who have served overseas and have lieen honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (but not Sub-Agency). Discharge papers mu>t la- presented to Agent
p utmost economy The situation to-day is
That
Kangaroo Mother's Bravery.
During a severe drought in a certain «action of Australia the owner of a country station was sitting one even-ng on the porch when he saw a kangaroo lingering about, alternating ap) roach ing and retiring from the house, is if half in doubt and fear what to lo. At length she approached the wa-er pails and, taking a young one from 1er pouch, held It to the water to drlqk. While her baby was satisfying Its hirst the mother was quivering all >ver with apprehension, for she was >ut a few feet from the porch where me of her foes was watching her. The >aby, having finished drinking, was •cplaced in the pouch, and the old kangaroo set off at a rapid pace. The spectator was ao much impressed by he astonishing bravery of the affec-ionate mother that he made a vow— md kept It—never again to shoot a tangaroo.
70.40
00
100
1.00
1.00
7
W. W. CORY,
Ivputy Minister of the Interior. N, B.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for
1.00
Dynamite Whiskers.
The name "whiskers*' is applied to feathery crystals which gather upon the outside of the wrappings of frozen dynamite. The “whiskers' are more 'irritable" than dynamite itself. A case is on record where sticks of dynamite had been thawed out in hot water and the can of hot water in which it was done left in the blacksmith shop without being emptied of the residual ocum of grease anji whiskers. The first blow of the blacksmith’s hammer on a nearby nntil was sufficient to set off the "whiskers" by concussion. The can was blown to pieces, but fortunately ao onn was hurt
1.0 1
20.00
The fishing on the
THE MARKETS.
20.65
10.30
SHAWVI1LE
00.00
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Flour per barrel $12.00 Wheat, pei bushel, $2.(0 to 2.10 Oats, per bushel, 75c.
Beans per bushel, $6.00.
Butter tubs printsand rolls 36c Potatoes per bag. 1.80 Eggs per dozen 45c.
Fowls. 12 to 18c per lb.
Geese. 13c. per lb.
Hides per 100 lbs. 12K.C0 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 6.00 Calfsklr.seach 1.00 to 1.25 Veal Skins oaoh 90c	-
Regular meeting held at Hynes* hall January 7th, 1918.
Present—Mayor F red W. Thomas; Councillors Barber, Dale and McDowell.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of conns. McDowell md Barber.
Correspondence was then disscussed till noon.
Afternoon se*
present, also conns. Hudgins and Sin '•lair.
M
Campbell-Me Lei lan— That
Motion
John Murray be requested to move his fence in off the road to the proper place.
Motion—Horner-McLellan—That the Secretary advertise for the following quantity of g<x>d, sound, straight cedars, either round or square, to be delivered one half at Weirstead P. ()., the other half at Bristol town hall. Tenders stating quantity tendered for, also price ex pected, to be in the hands of the Secretary, not later than Jan. 31 :
100 pcs. 18 ft. long, 8 in. at top end.
50 14 16“ “	8 “	“
14 “
Foolish Question.
An official who was making np an isaeasment roll because of some recent itreet improvements called at each louse on the improved streets to learn he names of the property owners. At me house he climbed out of his car, vent to the door and knocked.
"Who owns this property T" he asked.
“Why, I do," the woman answered.
The official got her name and put It lown in his book. Then he took a squint at the size of the lot
"How many feetY ' he asked.
Two, of course 1" the woman snap->ed, wondering whether be thought she vas a centipede.
Waste Frem Small Leaks.
The Importance of mending the inlest leak in a water pipe is shown in i circular Issued by a small city in which water meters are used. This, a# luoted by Popular Mechanics, state# bat under a pressure of forty pounds n twenty-four hours 170 gallons of water will pass through a bole a shade arger than the period at the end of bis sentence. An orifice the site of a 'airly large pinhead will permit 3,000 gallons to escape in the same time.
The policy of a centlnued bait supply is being actively considered at the present time, and it is hoped that depots for the storing of the small fishes used as bait for the cod can V erected at a cost of about $2,000 each, and a hundred of these located around the seaboard and served by a few modern cold storage plants, and thereby large motorboats equipped for the distribution of the halt, would enable the fisherfolk to secure all of this they require. It is estimated that $500,000 would instal the whole system, and, assuming that the outcome would mean 250,000 quintals of cod additional every year, worth, may, $2,000,000, tie capital outlay would not alone be paid for In one year, but the fishermen of the colony would have C 1,500,000 additional earnings: and. allowing for a million of this being used In our-
Sainv luemliera
Mr. Herbert Brown being present then made a statement of the accident it Hudgins' bridge last May, whereby he lost a hon*c. The matter was then liacusaed.
Motion— Barber Hodgins |iay Herbert Brown $50 for settlement in full in the matter. -Carried
Motion—Dale McDowell —That John Brown lie paid $:» due him on job on 13th con. line and $5 extra for completing said work - Carried.
Motion- Barber Dale -That we pay Win. Hodgins $7 each for nine sheep killed on October 7th, 1917, but not reported by Mr. Harris = $63.00.- Carried.
Mot ion - Barber McDowell - That we advertise in The Equity for 15,00 > feet
A .
The follow! ngare last Saturday* quott ations :
Butter, in prints 48c to 50c
Butter In palls 45 to 50c
Eggs, fresh, ner dozen 55 to 60c
Potatoes per bag, $2.00
Pork per 100 lbs $20.00 to 28.00	,
Beef, per 100 lbs, $17.00 to $19.00.
Oats per bushel 85c Hay per ton 15.00 to 16.00
That we
8 ¦*
I"
44
Motion— KiHoran-Oraham —1That we rescind a motion passed at a regular meeting of Council held on March 3th, 1917, authorizing the Secretary to collect one dollar each from the owner of each dog whose tax had not been paid inside of the time prescribed by law.
A complaint was presented about a dam being built on a watercourse entering Mr. R. J. Wiggins' property,| thus hindering the flow of the water.
Sap of a Tree.
Sip is pumped up through the wood in a tree and will even go through dead wood, but will not return by the same medium. Therefore a tree may live an til the roots starve. Sap ascends on the inside and descends on the out* Therefore the descending sap Home builds new tissue of wood and bar fc. .
,	Aluminum.
Bauxite Is a mineral that contains ilumlnum In • combination which the -lectric furnace will tear apart, thus iroductng the metal Clay also coo-ulna It In vast quantity, bat the trick ias not yet been turned to set free the ilumlnum in clay. So bauxite la used. -New York Sun.
Ü#
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
###PAGE###5###
PAGE (S) AGÎMES (S)
• / /
District Schools
Dunravkn School No. 1.
(Irade Vil - Lucy Lett, (honor*). Oracle V—Robert Carswell, Harry Moore.
* Gride IV
rswelî, Allen Moore,
Grade I Hr.—Keith Cough Ian, Gerald Sparling.
Grade i Jr.—Grace Moore.
J. P. Caldwkll, Teacher.
THE EQUITY,
11 Bargains In Ladies’ And Child’s Coats.
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot littereeti. Piklliktiivory Tkiradt |
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
Marian Goughian, Mary
nr mciuPTioN, ft a Year in Advance
All arrears must be paid up before \\\j paper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for lit Insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $6.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion nnd 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-limbed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
In Memona
A ill * STRONG. In loving memory of onr dear father, Noble H. Armstrong, who died January 11th, 1915.
— (lone but not forgotten.
Armstrong. In loving memory of our dear mother, Louaia Lindsay Arm strong, who died January lltli, 1917.
Dauohter*.
6 Child's Goats in Chinchilla Blanket
Cloth and Bearskin in sizes 20 and 22. Range of prices 3.00 to 3.75, to clear at $2.00 each.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Death of Robert Stanley
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Robert Stanley unexpectedly pasM away January 1st, 1910.
lie was horn in Clarendon and some
1 only Lady's black beaver cloth Coat
Size 38, formerly 20.00 to I Ie"? *8°, «moved to the tow.mhi,. »f
J	Bristol and lived there until the time of
his depatture, heart failure being the
cause of his death.
_______________ I He is survived by his wife and one,	,	,	,	.
"""	son, léonard, with whom he lived, and | of this district •
1 only Lady’s black beaver cloth Coat | j^k,laughter* Mr" Haril>* °* ll8k’
with fur collar of Brown Cooney. Size 34, formerly 20.00 to clear at $15,00.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order
JtoïrS £'t,"ol~*£:!lclsowherc/ Nothin« too large-nothing too small.
Quyon village*. Interment took place
MWÊ	—Com.
with fur collar of Marmot, clear at $15.00.
JOB PRINTING.
<11 kind, of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Professional Cards.
at Norway liny cemetery
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
OR. A. H. BEERS
OBITUARY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay •
Doctor of Medicine and .Master of Surgery McGlh University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
It is our sad duty to chronicle the death of Mary Jane Alexander, wife of John Argue, of Yarm, Jan. 1st, 1918.
She was born in the tow n of Peter-born, Ont., in 1848 ; was educated ami spfht her girlhood days there, marrying John Argue in 1883. They came to this place, and lived some years on a farm near Yarm. They removed some twenty years ago to Yarm to engage in mercantile business. Some six years ago she had a fall from which she sustained serious injuries, and although cheerful, was an invalid since that time, fcflie was a friend to all in trouble,—the poor of our land will miss her.
She leaves to mourn her aad loss her husband and two daughters—Isal>ella J. Argue and Cecilia J. Argue, both at home ; also her sisters- Mrs. George 11.
Winch, Laredo, Texas ; Mrs. J Young,
« Mrs. Joseph Hopkins, Mrs. Walter Evans, and brother, Mr. Pennington Alexander, all of Peterboro, Ont On Friday, Jan. 4th, at 2, p. in., her remains were conveyed to the Yarm Methodist Church where service was
conducted by the Rev. H. S. C'oojte. [ Curieus Ca.e of a Man Who Wa. Gull.
The t«• xt was :	" For t<> me t«- live is
Christ and to die is gain,”—Phil. I : 21.
There was a large, sympathetic attendance, some having come from a distance, among w hom were her brother, Mr.
P. Alexander, Peterboro ; nephew, Mr.
Will A Hum, Renfrew ; also Mrs. H. 1!. >'ouu« man desperately iu love with a I Dunn and Miss K. 1). Knox of Toronto, girl of Stancbio eagerly sought to marThe remains were then taken to the ry her, but his proposals were rejected.
Yarm cemetery, there to await tin* wel In consequence of his disappointment come 14 well done” from our Loving lie bought some poison and destroyed Father, Whom she served so faithfully himself. The Turkish police instantly here.	arrested the father of the young wo-
man as the cause, by implication, of the man's death. Under the fifth species of homicide he became, therefore, amenable for this act of suicide.
When the case came before the mag*
Com. istrato It was urged literally by the accusers that “if he (the accused) had not had a daughter the deceased would not have fallen In love; consequently 27-4 he would not have been disappointed; consequently be would not have swallowed poison ; consequently he would aot have died. But he (the accused) had a daughter, and the deceased had fallen in love, and had been disappointed, and had swallowed poison, md bad died."
Upon all these accounts he was call'd upon to pay the price of the young man's life, and this, being fixed at the ium of 80 piasters, was accordingly exacted.
Another Instance was related to Dr.
Clarke, which occurred at the island of Samos, as a characteristic feature of Turkish justice—that is to say, a sophistical application of a principle rig-dly founded upon this fifth species of homicide by implication." The Capu-lan Pasha reasoned with the people of Samos on the propriety of their paying 'or a Turkish frigate which was wreck->d upon their territory and the crew ost “because the accident would not iave happened unless their island had >een In the way/
1 only Lady's cloth Coat of black curl
trimmed with belt and buttons. Size 38, formerly 12.50 to clear at $10.00.
Qu*.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
1 only Lady’s Coat blanket cloth in navy
blue. Size 34, formerly 8.00 to clear at $5.00.
S. A. MACKAY
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllie, - - - Que.
1 only Lady’s black beaver cloth Coat linA. J. MCDONALD B. C. L. j ed with Marmot and Marmot collar. Size 36, formerly
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *0.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
42.00 to clear at $30.00.
Custom Sawing1.
G. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.
TURKISH “JUSTICE.”
INSURANCE
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K.G.
ty of Having a Daughter.
Dr. Clarke, a famous traveler of about a century ago, tells of the fol lowing remarkable case, which was tried at the Greek island of Cos: A
A i vocati, Barrister, Jtc-
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
196 Main St. - Hull.
$1,000 STOCK
COMPANIES.
PIIONK HELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI iTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rate* and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
To be sold at 20 p. c. discount in one week
BRECKENRIDOE
The following were pallbearers : -Bennington Alexander. Will A Hum, Jos. B. Kilgour, Norval Kilgour, Alexander Seaman, Henry Greenshields.
May our lives be a copy of hers.
Will be in Fort Coulongc every Wed acsday and Shawville every Saturday.
At Quyon, Quebec
February 4 to 9, inclusive.
For Service
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
A Registered Chester White Hog, from one of the best herds iu Ontario. Fee— $1.50 for one, $2.30 for two.
Funeral of the late Mrs J. Y.
Morrison.
The funeral of Mrs. J. Y. Morrison was held on Friday, December 21st, . from her late residence at Laurentian
There are some good fat bargains. Oome early Vicw* °ttawa’ via g. r. r. to sand and avoid the rush.	I %	ÏÏ3ÏÏST&.
S125 worth of Whips and Lashes.	I STiEWSM “4 ^
all kinds of	L • i « i . t n h _ _	_	The floral offerings were numerous
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of ^pCClftl 4 UOZ. leant Collars, 2 doz, BlKfffV Collars.	and l*eautiful, including :
Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of	.	. , n	Star from the Board ot Management
i ians, Lines, boundaries, A-c.	II Set Ol lj in. Coarse Fine Harness worth $62.00, to go for of Bethany Church ; Cream from Gow-
few sets of other H'vy Harness to go cheap. | £
-I A few sets of Double Driving and Single Harness
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ee
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Court* and Business in the
District ot Pontiac,
T V. GLENN
Bristol.
HULL
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING


GEORGE E. MORENCY
The annual meeting of the Clarendon Dairy Company will be held in the factory hall at Starks Corners on the 19th day of January, instant holders are requested to attend.
By order, T. S. HARRIS,
Sec.-Treaa,
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL UNO SUOVEVO*
All stock

Hieouted carefully to the satisfaction of partie*.
K52 Wellington St. - - Hvlî
Phone : Queen 5230.
$52.00. A
PUBLIC NOTICE.
Sunday School ; The Staff of the Standard Bread Co.; The Staff of the Western Canada Flour Mills. Sprays from the Boys’ Guild of Bethany Church ;
Progress Chapter No. 28 Eastern Stars ;
<lt a low price, I Mr. and Mrs. John Cotter, sr.; Mr. and
1 Mrs. Wm. Thompson ; Sir. and Mrs.
John Cotter, jr.; Mr. and Mrs. H.
Moore and family ; Miss Kennedy ;
Mr. and Mrs. Tighc ; Mr. and Mrs. Jas.
McKee ; Mrs. Ridgeway ; Misses Ethel and Mabel McCann ; Mr. and Mrs. W.
Joyut ; Mr. and Mrs. Tyrell ; Miss And-
| On account of the advance In Goods,	«-jSSLSSTw,
Blankets, Storm Covers, Bnd all Other small! ri<4P* Cut flowers from Mrs. and Miss which will keep for a long time take
Woods, Mr. and Mr Dayman. Georgia; the yolk of an egg, half a pint of salad
mtÊmhmÊÊÊÈÊtiÊ^^ÊÊmi'>^\	¦¦¦	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦

Notice is hereby given that the general annual meeting of the members of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1 will be held in Hynes Hall, Shawville, on Wednesday, January 16th, 1918, at 1.30 p. m. The business of the meetii g w ill be the receiving of the Financial Statement for 1917, the election of a Board of Directors for the current year and all other business of such annual meeting.
Given at Shawville, January 1st, ’18.
WM HODGINS, M.L.A., President.
IL W. HODGINS, Secretary.
-T—-----------------------= 1 set of Rope Harness to sell very cheap.
GEORGE HYN ES y doz. Ventiplex and Red Edge Collar Pads
Some Alaskan Robes, Motor Robes, Wool and Oilcloth Knee Rugs ; also Buggy Dusters. These are last year's
stock, and arc very cheap.


Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Openallhours.
i

UNDERTAKING
NOTICE
RE. WINTER ROADS.
articles, we would advise all to take advan tage of these reductions.
and EMBALMING
• Cummings
oil, four tablespoonfuls of lemon Juice or vinegar, salt and pepper and paprika.
First sec that all the ingredients and utensils to be used are thoroughly cold, aa this will render the dressing easier of manipulation.
Break the yolk of the egg Into a bowl and add a little of the oil, stirring all the time it Is being added, and pouring It In at first drop by drop.
As soon as the dressing shows signa of thickening the oil may be added more rapidly, but at first it must be put In very slowly, - Stir either with a fork, spoon or egg beater. The mala	^
point Is to keep stirring. Add the lem- TENDERS W A N TED
The Most Accurate Frontier,	on Juke or vinegar slowly, continuing
As an Instance of the Jealousy exist- the beating all the time.	Tenders for the office of Secretary of
ng In the relations between Norway it la better not to add the seasoning the Pontiac Rural Telephone Company, ind Sweden It may be noted that the	until the dressing is to be used, as the	Limited, will be received up to noon of
x>undary line between the two coun-	mayonnaise keeps better without It In	Saturday, January 19th, instant. All
Ties is the most minutely exact In Eu- any case even where it is for tmmedft- lenders to be scaled and marked " Ten •ope. in every parish touched by the	ate service be careful not to add the	der for Secretary Telephone Company,’’
fne there la deposited an elaborate	mit until all the other Ingredients are	and to be addressed to either of the un-
>lan which la renewed every ten years, added to the egg.	designed.
__________ _	_____ , he whole of the work of surveying,	—	Wm. Hodgins, M.L.A., Pres
QU Y ON, QUB. ' jtc., being carefully repeated each time.	R. W. Hodgins, Secy.
W. J. HAYES
Ratepayers of Clarendon are requested to note the following resolution passed by the Municipal Council on "Monday, January 8 :—
4 Motion—Couns. Sinclair and Dele— That property owners are notified to keep winter roads passable by rolling or otherwise, as winter roads are still in charge ot ratepayer».—Carried.” n?	E. T. HODGINS,
Heart and Lunge.
The action of the heart, lungs and digestive system Is Involuntary, for the ,	-	_	_	-	, •eason that It Is Indispensable to life
on all orders for Harness, Collars, and other | wd must be carried on under an cir-
•umstances. If a man had to think of ils heart or bad to remember that he nust breathe or that his food must ditest he would have no time to do any-hing else, and If by chance be should orget to keep his heart going or his unge In operation be would fall dead m the spot.
BHAWVILL*
MAIN STREET
A discount of 10 p. c. will be given
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
articles during the sale week.
J. L. HODGINS
Don’t forget the dates of sale
Jan 9, 1918
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machine» and Repair»
SHAWVILLE •	- QUE.
February 4th to 9th, inclusive.
A Happy and Prosperous New Year to all Customers.
JAMES McLARNON,
HARNESS MAKER,
tors ADvi'a“a A'Mii'w
MARION & MARION.
W4 University St. Mentr*,|.
###PAGE###6###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
n
' Food Control Corner
¦ ¦ The milkers of war ballads
10 were shouting choruses to the irry music of the mouthurgan band, upped in the midst of their latest ! m position, ami rushed off to get ivir marching order together. , 1 10 every one. with the exception of! . ,	,	.
iv officers' servants, was ready to mosl c,a”ai of workers the necessity
This, too, was unpreced-1 ^or Panning well ahead. Success in Never before had we made (be fields no less than in the Held may iate more gladly or less needfully, depend on taking "the long view." j it never before had there been such Canadian farmers, therefore, more l incentive to haste. \\e were go- than anyone else may proft by weigh-g into the trenches for the first time. jng earnestly the words of an Eng
iüi g###
ty is to make tea for his officer, The stored up supplies of food have !he croP ,n the Vmted Siatv* *• tend- toning of all cereals. It is made up van his boots, wash his clothes, tuck been heavily drawn upon and in some! ng. to focus attention on this grain of seven-tenths starch, one tenth pro-im into bed at night, and make him- cases have been actually exhausted	m*y to some extent take the tein, one tenth water and the other
ii = si	##=m sss
Vlad soldiers engaged in all the non- roadside cottage was, in fact Pommy's	enameled wash-basins, rubber boots'	food grain crops and food	animals.	cur,ou»,y	opportune, coming, as it	that it is so rich in nu*riment, only
»m bat ant business essential to the tavern, the thrifty trench peasant	i,ott»es uf Apollinaris water, service	Should warfare be	suspended,	of	does, at a	time when the crops on the	2% of their torn supply is used as
maintenance of large armies. There 'vo,m 11	1x11>1 <»pvn	house	tor souliers.	editions of the modern English poets	which there is no sign at present, the	North American continent	are of	foodstuff by the American people.
" ' ' ' ,<mgilines of transport wagons.	f *	,ls	ili i r'.i V t v	Hlld novelists, spirit lamps, packages	demobilisation would take months and	Paramount importance. The	greatest	From this it is apparent that there are
i a.v. with supp.ies, traveling field-	y ^ |	1	of food, boxes of cigars and cigarettes, in the reconstruction period the re- corn croP in (be United States vast possiblities in the corn crop and
SSBssc se# Mïàiïë™jES rHH	1 • ' - ......
cries of artillery, London omnibuses,'	lL?mmV 'Ya\a	fav1on.t*	On this epoch-marking day. wen the	Atlantic.	.(4°/n 18	an anc*ent and honorable	come the more general use of corn,
painted slate gray, tilled with troops, " Jth ^hv V rench child ren. rhc> clinvi-	otricers'sen ants were punctual. When	Only by the "long	view"	can	the	v<l thv VHr,.v colonists on this contln-	for the créai is one which is versatile
seemingly endless columns of infantry y'1	v!: ,lls iaP aiut	nttMu> pockv1^;	^e ortjerf “p,uks on! Fall in!" was	Canadian farmer prepare for this. It	ent 'rom starvation. Its uses wereI	in its properties and can be extensive-
on foot, al! moving with us, along ;	1	uv y u‘‘'	,n‘	•* li1 kmg in	given, not a man was missing. Every	is in this season of comparative quiet-	madv known to them by the	Indians.	I y used in thv preparation vf whole
Py V'U roads, toward the tiring line. ;:s. .‘“V;	‘V’’ -I'Lu".»7id one was in harness, standing silently, ness in farm life that he will have As civilization became mort complex some diihte. Corameal puff^ griddle
mæËBmmmâ	i
and the rough, cobbled roads greatly * And‘so during a week ,.f stilling the charger guide into the magazine. Agriculture to produce more pork; he and to come *nto more general use. j Canada where the use of corn means increased the difficulty of marching. & , u.l	tiil,lv|v r ini,ul.i Tilel and the cut-off closed.	will do what he can to add to the grain < orn is an economical food material the saving of, wheat.
In Kngland we had frequently tramped	, T	!.. "Move off in column of route. -A’ are;, of 1918.	__
.!“>¦ without fatigue!' ' But The klada lr,,m S f“'"1 'umhling to a sulnlue,! ' "Ï!” ung'lnU,' the country road in notary 'for'“the 'intensive'^stem's A* ,NSLLT T0 ASK ANYONE TO l*LAY YOVR PIANO IF T1IB KEYS there were excellent, and the climate roar, until one evening, sitting in the ,hc gathering twilight, and turned of Ermine in th«.	,	ARE UNCLEAN.
•ii act, that a halt was made earlier ... t ,	. f ,	/ ,	"	• r •* ' first time when the deadlock along the j vested, which fell far below the aver-	.	° e * kely to happen where a rub with her apron—a lick and a
t urn had *een planned, and we 1 1	'!. b	u ' I ^'r-'•, ‘ western front had become seemingly age. Shipping is not available to * mistress, herself, is not a player promise as some people say. but the
hiwuat ked 1er the night in the fields. aM <IX VM*	unbreakable, we reaped the benefit of carry fertilizing supplies, and labor !m<	.!* pmno *s on*y l,s<*d when she promise remains unfulfilled. /
Life with a battalion on the march	riJ ~~ v	(be experience of the gallant little; is extremely scarce, so that the . ys,tors If (be work of dusting Clean cloths, soap and water is reproceeds with the same order!) rou-j	_	/ ltAl v	remnant of the first British Expedi- diminution of crops for 1918 will be '? releKat«i (o a maid, she may use commended by one competent house-
psssaiiPiFi mmm
Vv made serviceable little dwellings heard the news Scores of miniature armies arrived in France, they were shortage overseas and to derive a	g 1 1 ,H keys and the iesulf an occasional wash with pure alcohol,
hy lacing together two or three water- hand laundries, which were doing a 8ent into the trenches for twenty- legitimate benefit from, his remark- 18 N'orse than not cleaning them at all. the latter to prevent the keys becom proof ground-sheets and erecting them thriving business down bv the duck four hours* instruction in trench war-1 ably favored economic position.	it la an inault to anyone to ask them [ ing yellow.1* In the latter connection
•»n sticks or tying them to the wives pond, immediately shut up shop. Damp Lar.e' witli R ^t ta I ion of regulars. .	->- t0 P'ay on an unclean keyboard, just she advises that the piano be left
tvr*' -'4? i^a'SLt&.'SSdSia	....- «. ~~ - z:	- - - - «~
,a,ttili0'i !Te(lu'al	The along the fences, were hastily gather- "to their own particular sectors along , know not what the futurt. halh	forks, ami a soiled tablecloth. "Not
SSrSffirSHSEFÂrSfH"
against discipline	were	punished	with	broke	,,n	kht^r	Mmt	V	tff	tunnfnnv	members of the faculty, but on this	'	His mercy underlies.	teacher on	this same subject, “m a	which England Is constructing in large
wbat seemed	to	us	unusual	severity,	brag without	waiting	for	"just	one	brat occasion we were marching up is	home where	the housewife herself is	numbers are mammoth affairs, rap-
But we were now on active service,1 mure hand," an unprecedented (he meekest of undergraduates.	And so beside the Silent sea	immaculate and who prides herself on able of carrying a pilot, six passen-
It was quite dark when we entered	I wait the muffled oar;	her faultless	housekeeping. The out-	gers and 700 pounds of luggage Such
thv desolate belt of country known as	No harm from Him can come to me side of the	instrument was shining|machines fly from London to Paris in
the "fire zone.	and cigarettes On ocean or on shore.	and dustless. But the keys were sticky two hours without unusual effort
extended Z	Tttns in ,	! my	'"ake no head- Some of these machine, are conetrucY-'
............................. at one hundred naves interval, I1 tLn“W ';ot *hfre ,Hls	lift	vv at	1 w,s «nnoye.l. This ed to carry 8,000 nourfd. of explosives.
each platoon keeping in touch with the 1 1 he,r front,ed PaIms lr) airî	,a<*y knows no music, and never both- enough to give Berlin a thorough taste
Lpne in front by means of connecting ^ ,,ldX know 1 cannot drift	*‘rs with the keys, that being left to °f war horrors. English experts say
, files. We passed rows of ruined cot- Beyond His love and care.	; the help."	that they could make the flight from
tages where only the scent of the roses	—J. G. Whittier. This is really an important matter London to New York in twenty hours
in neglected little front gardens re-	-+--	for piano owners. Only the chil-
isMseBS
then blanket coverings would be lifted .an< xuu musl tRke raie to have it boil- ^ ,ou H,,y «ttention whatever un- began early this Winter, that is if it from apertures that had been windows	Per“aPB 8(>mo mu si friend or the was over! ked.
! or doors, and we would see bright fires blazing in the middle of brick kitchen floors, and groups of men sitting about them luxuriously sipping tea from steaming canteens. They were laughing and talking and singing songs in loud, boisterous voices which contrasted strangely with out timid noiselessness . i was marching with one of the trench guides who had been sent hack to pilot us to our position. I asked him if the Tommies in the houses were not in danger uf being heard by the enemy. He laughed uproariously at this, whereupon one of our officers, a little second lieutenant, turned and hissed in melodramatic undertones, "Silence in the ranks I there! Where do you think you are!"I Officers and men, we were new to the game then, and we held rather exaggerated notions as to the amount of I care to he observed in moving up to the trenches.
"Blimy, son!" whispered the trench guide, "you might think we was only a couple o’ 'unnerd yards away from,'
Fritziets trenches! We’re a an* a 'art miles hack 'ere. to be careful arter you gets closer up; hut they’s no use whisperin' w'en you ain't even in rifle range."
With lights, of course, it was a different matter altogther. Can't be too careful about giving the enemy artillery an aiming mark. This was the reason all the doors and windows of the ruined cottages were so carefully blanketed.
"Let old Fritzie see a light,—"Elio!'
’e says, ‘blokes in billets!* an* over comes a 'arf-dozen shells knockin' you all to blazes."
ng


!

To The Canadian Farmer.
Practical farmers know more than

At1
ovc off
f
ted
WAR AM) FOOD SERIES—ARTICLE No. III.—CORN
i
?
?
?
?
ri
as a
satisfactory substitute for wheat.
The Canadian housewife hould wel
?
?
open

Britain’s Air Giants


vj&r ¦
^ N
O
X z N


*
>
JP.
1


« ztv; •
i
WE KNOW DADDY X .!$ COMFORTABLE. V \ HE. IS STAYING- AT > : A THE WALKER HOUSE V (THE HOUSE OF PLENTY
îràVs

it-
x
i,
-*K\
m

m
i
* m

"•••MM
VJM* A

k CXX V>0 X \"\\\\\

V5
Z
A
£1

»
XX
an
Hotel Del Coronado
4'
/aw Jsa>




I

Coronado Beach, California
Near San Diego
MOTORING, TENNIS,
BAY ANI) SURF BATHING,
FISHING AND BOATING.
18-Hole Golf Course
Hotel is equipped throughout with Automatic Sprinkler System.
*
v

&
rim
pV
m

lx.
•X
I
;


;

’/ifi
m
# •
?<-'XV.
i	V
>•
u
Hundreds of
»y.

40
- xvV
Dollars In Actual Profit
»
gtxuj two
All right
AMERICAN PLAN
JOHN J. HERNAN.
More than one farmer has told us— since he has got a copy of “What the
Farmer Can Do With Concrete,” that the advice it gave him netted him hundreds of dollars in actual profit.
maam
Remember Concrete Improvements are Ère proof, rot-proof; vermin-proof and indestrnctible
Manager
t
Fertilizers Pay Better Than Ever
j ^ODAY a bushel of corn or wheat buys more fertilizer ~~ 'Potash excepted, of course) than at any time during the past three years. Note how much cheaper you buy a 2-10 fertilizer now than before the war.
0
can
(To be continued.)
In 1914

•Ii
Sêiéï
Dog's Funeral Costly.
So drastic has the curb been placed upon useless automobile driving in I England that a taxicab driver in London was recently fined $250 for driving from the city to Molesworth with the coffin of a dog in Maurice and Lady Anderson hired him to give their dog what they considered a fitting burial and saw to it that the obsequies were elaborate. The driver was fined under the motor spirit restriction act, which makes it punishable for any person to use petrol for unnecessary purposes. The petrol is needed badly for use in motor vehicles at the fçont, and England as evidence in the hugeness of Che driver, John McCarty's fine, means to enforce it
y tc
would buy
2 Bushels Corn
A
«
TOO*#
DAIRY AOU&U DARN*
a Today
I^3 Bushel Cornff
*
el#
c
ÎE SLOCKS •
wm
silas
I w te ¦¦¦
m

his car
Sir
SlUOS
react p«tj
1
will buy
In term» of farm product», fertilizer» co»t I»»» today than in 1914. Fertilizers paid you then—they will pay you better
Fertilizers are today mors profitable and more nec production than before tW war. Boost crop production, grow per acre and increase your profits by using fertilizer.
Help both the railroad» and y our» elf by ordering Spring Fertilizer»
Af O WC
Seed for literature to Department 45
Soil Improvement Committee
of the National Fertilizer Association
Postal Telegraph Bldg., Chicago
SOOT CELLARS
4
TKOVCNl AND TANKS
ROADS
4L
do vHfc



bau
503
now.
ry to efficient more
f IflO

V
in


?

% ^


Horses that do not get exercise at least five days of the week should be kept in loose boxes.
The Munsey Bldg., Baltimore

Æti

/
###PAGE###7###
Commun wenwe, the rarest virtue un tier heaven.'"
^	y ¦' y:	axtxsx sk*	|
QS	I Family Portraits
ffi3MK*h- ###*#***##*»: >:<S*e*e*e»»Wl* 1,1 11,11 li>' absent-minded ¦¦¦¦
lt. „	.	,	, ,	,	.	l4. 1 she left the room did she give a clue to
Really, you needn't laugh. It » h„r th hfB_
the thing! Everyone aaye .o. Unde ..w,-vt, enj(iyed lhe exhibition so
By Agronomist	J,m' what " ' Y"11 do"'f7	I	much, Mr. Kline,"
. Thle Department le for the wee of our farm readers who want ths advice Young Uncle Jim’s keen, spectacled expecting to give a little one myself, •f an expert on any queetlon regarding eolt, seed, crops, ete. If your question eyes revealed sudden alarm.	very soon. I do hope you will be able
e sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column.	“Hold on, Kveline!” he implored, to ectne.”
«•mped end eddreeeed envelope le enclosed with your letter, • compte" I “Don't move! There, that’s better. ; “Nothing shall keep me away,” Co	7,b:'• Ve.Agronomist, os e of t^Uson Publishing ^	^ #	more an(J ni find.- Jim responded, with twinkling
it w., toromo.	done
\
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
/
m
nd
iiy J oil u 11 Huber. MA.. M D
Only as
If yoef
Dr. Holer will nnswer all signed letters pertaining to Health <Gestion Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns ; If not, It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope is closed Dr. Huber will not prescribe for Individual caa*-e or make diagnosis. Address Dr. Jobu B Huber, care of WUsoo Publishing Co, 72 West Adela.de
ki. Toronto.
she fluid
I am
Every child ha* the right to he protected from disease
Seizes and carries objects to Enlarges its vocabulary
Baby's Development II
arms
mou* h llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
with the consonants 1 and k
Second Month: Squint in occasion-
====.'=
drops arms when pleasure is great. “Crows” with pleasure image of father in mirror with original.
eye*
1 As he took down the “portraits" a few minutes later his eyes were still smiling. Unless he were greatly mistaken, Eveline's would need a rather complete revision before very long.
“But what are you doing?"
Making your portrait, of course. 1
Mistakes in Buying Land.	fertile; but that is no proof that it is
One of the first thing» to consider worth as much locally or anything when planning to go to a new place, near While it may* produce as(
is to find out whether that particular much per acre, you may not have a j Eveline made a dash at the paper section of the country is suited to the market for your crops. There a™,"Why, Uncle Jim, I didn't know you kind of faiming you propose to do. too many things that influence the drewI Let me gee it!»
Next, find out whether there is a good values of.land for me to try to cal, Unci# jjm»g |ong arm k|,pt tkc market for the things you will grow, attention to them all. The best way j paper tantalizingly out of reach.
gSHsSSE	_ _......,.. _ _ „ „iih _ _
W/lKlfSÊlËttSm
*n."	.... 1.1. - ™, K.r *£ »... i,...... w	,,:r,rn„ jh"'-r h"	ns
matter to get fouled in regard to val- money keep enough to r“n y“u J gant. Garnish plentifully with "All the sin and suffering and painjood. Desire shown by stretching out, worse, always does in case, of eczema.
! Sgfsea =“ -. E~ -, r -, T..................„
home, and in f.ct it may be just as is the safest way.	"Never mind,” Eveline retorted, stand it over there in China?” the capacity of a vessel-the amount
coloring a little over the applause that They were down by the wharves >u^ *n a ,1 *”?y , y V^the deal more comfortable than if allowed| greeted the recognition of the salient then. Before them were a dozen vea.\he iimit 0f safetv differ^in dif-
Jack grinned; then he hunted up the Her uncle pointed to one of them. *	°
Do you s#i those marks?" he ask “Do you know what they are
music and with human faces not however with all it sees
Compares
Sleeps
three, sometimes five or six hours. Tickle it about the eighth week and it will laugh finger at eighth week sonants from forty-third to fifty first days as am ma, ta-hu, gooo, ara.
QUESTIONS ANI) ANSWERS.
Have it Snipped off.
I have been troubled for the past
I'he Load Line
Clasps with it^ fore
First con
How about a walk till dinner time,

yet appeal to them.
Sixty-first day, cry 4 years with an elongated palate. I
No
Winter Itch
!
When Your Shoes Let Wet
Many who do not like to wear rubbers take a chance of not getting caught in a storm and once in a while the shoes g'
OT«i a register or makes the leather hard and brittle, in which case it will soon crack, so dry slowly in warm air, stretching upon shoe trees.
I
Drying directly near the stove
to be outdoors able, contented hen that does good winter laying.
it is the comfort
As the poultryman starts the new Keep up the good work of culling, year, it is advisable that he start oper- Get rid of every undesirable fowl, so ations on a well-planned system. Sys- as to cut down the expense and en-, tern saves both time and money, and courage the workers. Follow good
makes the work more pleasant and business principles.	L	m ^	. , ,	, ,	,	,
much easier. At this time of the' Gather the eggs several times each Sound-Sane-True Democracy-Rant The girl shook her head	more is a
year it not always the most pleas- day, and especially when the days are -- --- -------—-------------------------- “It is God’s world, child, not ours. jeatker ls |eft pliable
selung stumps ,	EHhs-HEE
about it cheerfully, just the same.	There is something wrong with pul-	------------ risk healthXand perhaps even life, and feagjb|e for , „l„red shoes as it dark-
wb°™	j	& SS E&ÜS	a Waste Product 1.1. Dollar, an. Con,..	£ "2, l:ww	":Zh:Sn:
rains, or if there is snow on the very late, or they have not been pro-	By Lawrence (. Longsheet	our lives beyond the safety line—to do colored shoes are best dried by
ground, it is best to keep the fowls in- perly fed and cared for.	0ne d about a yeur ag() found me; smaller pieces can be used in the in the moral world what is a crime in gtuffing with tissue paper, after which
t: jvwssts vsz • Jiar&ta %	- •*» «"\r r*‘ - < sees; sartsS; z s?	tx
encourage scratching, the hens will unless by special order. Many peo-, no work in sight. After doing some ^ ]ocfk]iiy The wood readily > I'll be back in ten minutes.”	1er and finish
not only busy themselves, but will pie have not yet fully recovered from	hard thinking as to how L could add	geu9 f-or a ;oa<; here, although I	Her uncle and the other man riisl	|
warm up their bodies and feel a great , the holiday feasts, and chickens do not	to my available funds, I thought of	am told that in the large towns a	appeared behind a pile of freight.	C0,(J for the
some pine stumps on land belonging two-horie load of the wood brings $8. d. — ica waited, watching the vessels and dampness close against th
/12* 5',%'2	r::; xæwx :¦ r;:*:.vkTi,.r.,.'„ :
. r f i ^	.	/	.	,	, glad to get rid of those stumps. , ed in from one to two hours' time, and	Fencing in the Garden
agrmu°eh an another lot on corn alone ! Accordingly, I invested my dollar in at a cost that will enable the blaster to Another year's use of our fenced-in salt wateri^H	I
„	and reouired almost twenty oer cent'	as much dynamite, fuse and caps as it	more than double his money by selling	garden has proved that the expendi-	is in itself a tonic, and the one with
Buttermilk is equal	to skim-milk for	;*gg feed for a pound of gain	would buy. That wasn't very much,	the wood,	ture for fence w ire, posts, and labor	damp shoes usually walks upon the
feeding hogs, while whey is half as	jt»s a p(mr ,)rictjsu to	purchase hogs	but il wa8 9ufficient to bluW	out and	!t is easily P°8sible to	make money	required to fence it was a good bus-	dry sand after, so the	moisture is
Whey, being low in pro-	j gmal, ,ots and hold	them in local	brcak up three ful1 loa(ls	of tbe	l,oth ways in 8 busineRS	of thia kind*	ineei move, says a successful farmer.1 pretty	well absorbed,
tein, is not well suited for young pigs gtock-yards four or five davs until a stumps, that I was able to sell at $1.501 Men that have stumps on their land Qur garden is twenty rods long and With the coming of cold weather and should be fed to	older animals.	car_load "shipment is collected- facili-	per ,oad aH fast ** 1 delivered them.,	are usually willing to pay a fair price	four rods wide, fenced with strong	coughs and colds are sure to be preva-
To keep the hens	out of the hog	tjeR for feed and watering are inferior	*n 8bort* *n less than a half day,	to have them taken out. This will at: j	four-foot woven wire that will turo	lent, many induced by wearing damp
house, hinge the doors at the top, so jn smau yards, the hogs make no fur-	converted my original dollar into $4.50.	least cover the cost of the work, and	hogs, chickens, or any stock, with the	shoes. C oughs	and	ijjds	lead	to
they will swing both ways. The hogs tber gajng on’ their feed and often	^'*b lbtlt capital I purchased a larger	the amount realized from the sale of	strand of barbed wire six inches above	more serious complications.	There is
can push them open and the doors	suffcr actual loss of live	weight. Local	9UPP*y °f explosives, and repeated the	the wood should be clear	profit.	the woven wire. The ends are en-	a deal	of truth in the advertisement
will swing shut after the animals	buyers would do well to	specify a cer	operation on a larger scale.	Before, It seems strange to me	that so many	closed with substantially made panels	which	says, “It was the	cough that
have passed through.	j tain dav for the delivery of hugs from, 1 finished 1 had a pocketful of money farmers permit stumps to remain in 0f the same fencing, which allows of carried him off "
There isn't much curl in the tail of the various farms and* load and ship in the p,ace whc/e the lone dollar h*d tbeir fl.elde when the stu4mP*l ca" be their easy removal for plowing and; Take good care of the shoes; alter-
without holding Farmers also formerly reposed.	! taken out at no expense to the farm cultivating.	rate one pair with another frequently,
: F R i acæarszs:	“ kBEBEHtfflm
firewood. When the stumps are	if farmers owning imp land know	the permanent support for vining
blasted out they are broken up into	this, there would be more clearing	plants furnished by the fence is worth
pieces about right for firewood. The	done.	the effort of fencing in itself. Fur—	thermore, our chickens can now have	a8 housewives will find the following
free range for a much greater porrion	corn bread excellent for serving cold
of the year than before the hen-proof on wheatless days garden fence was erected
However

great the amount of cargo waiting to be transported, no vessel can carry
next
,	.	,	,	An old-time and erj good method
more than it. own appointed share; u„ed b our foref.,;hers is nil t8S
no matter what the urgency. t<> carry
Rational— Graft— Statesmanship ed. vs. Politics—Yellow	Journalism — for?"
<
IS I
damp shoe with hot oats; the grain soon absorbs the moisture and the
After shoes
z
«
To wear wet shoes is to court a
Hill
con
It
tracts and closes the pores is a peculiar fact that one seldom gets cold when tbe shoes become damp with
This is because the salt
O/faûaO
?
valuable
B hungry pig
?
I
Old l ime Corn Bread
and the attendant. I>et them have no chance to try their strength and they will not be so likely to manifest it in an ugly disposition.
There is not much milk in timothy Instead of feeding it to dairy
rations may he 200 pound, corn- and-	%
cob meal, loo pounds gr<-in<, oaU ami velvet-bean hay for the milkers 100 pounds gluten feed; or 260 pounds Skim-milk, if made into cottage corn and cob meal, 100 pounds wheat ; cheese, furnishes nearly seven times bran and 100 pounds gluten feed

Hotel and restaurant men as well
When the roughage for dairy cows is clover or alfalfa hay, the grain ! h»y
rUNNY rOLD*U
In olden times the Sati - baking I ir mpi if this corn bread and a big crock ‘of well-browned beans were not baked:
One quart rye flour, two quarts In
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED LINE
If a Horse Steps on a Nail
If one of your horses steps on a nail, remove the nail as soon as pos-'dian corn meal (yellow), put in deep sible and thoroughly cleanse the pan; scald by pouring over it jest en-
If the horse limps, investi- ough boiling water to merely wet it, ^^^¦The removal of the not mak< a batter, stirring constant
When it is cool en-
i
a

as much protein and nearly as much Bulls,	like bad eggs, are best left	energy as the dressed pork it would
strictly alone except when	it is	neces-	produce. ATTar as possible, there
sary to	handle them.	Give	them	fore, skim-milk should be used for
plenty	of exercise and	keep	them	human food and only the excess fed
where they can see the other cattle to live stock.
wound
' gate the cause
nail can easily be accomplished by the ly with a spoon ordinary claw hammer, a small block ough so it will not scald the yeast add of wood being used as a fulcrum over one-half teacupful molasses, two tea which t<> pry. If the nail is not too spoon full alt, one of sod ne cup large a pair of pliers is suitably for yeast. Make as stiff as can be stir thie work.	-*j red with a spoon by adding warm wa-
if not cared for immediately the ter and let rise over night. Then wound may cause lockjaw or perm an turn into a large, well grease. 1 pan, ent lameness
wound a syringe and warm water may in cold water, then with a spoon spread be used if care is taken to cleanse melted drippings over the top
apply liberally and coal-tar product,1 bake in a moderate oven slowly for s it is effective in breaking up the in- j five or six hours
If a nail wound is given ham flour may be used instead of rye. immediate and careful attention the This bread in olden times was baked life of a horse is usually safe.	in the iron kettles on the hearth before
the fire and eosll heaped on the lid.
0
»
c
rù
L-
!
y
shearing difficult When timothy or j other coarse stemmed hay is fad to sheep in winter quarters, supplement-H	HP I I ¦ I-	ary protein feed is needed. From one-
Sheep can be wintered with a smal qUarter to one-half pound of linseed-1er use of grain than is needed f *r meai	ewe daily should be used, de-
other live stock. A!! depends upon ending upon the size and condition of the kind of hay or other roughage ^he animal and the other feed used.
I B HHCoarse-stemn- d bavs like a shed opening to the south, built timothy, red top and blue g»«ss ha\e jn tbe corral, protects sheep from cold very few leaves and therefore are rains. This equipment, including poor sheep feeds. Timothy is ^ , fence and shed for 100 mature sheep, palatable, causes constipation, and the cogts about |12fi. n affords dog prodry timothy heads work into the wool, Section, simplifies the breeding of causing irritation to the skin, lessen- €Wei# the feeding of grain, the wean ing the value of the clip and making 0f |ambs, and safeguards against
exposure to severe weather and, if well drained, provides dry quarters. %

•Ur

For cleansing the smooth the top with the hand dipped
Let it
The best method is to ' stand for a while to rise again, then

If preferred, gra
:
used
/•
SB
ection
VI
To heat dishes quickly put them hot water better plan than heating them in the oven.
t.i.
This is a safer and
( oat of a Soldier.
It costs Upcle Sam approximately $5,000 to put a soldier in England, as It is not a bit too early to get in against 13,700 to place a Canadian touch with dependable nursery con- soldier in the same place, according to cerns and seed houses to get prices recent figures given out by the War and full information about the trees. Department. So it is expensive to shrubbery, flowering plants, and seeds train and equip a man and send him that will be wanted early next spring, overseas, unless he if physically fit
| and stays »o.
j
rr
I
«
l
HIGHEST PRICKS PAID
For POULI1*^
Instead of keeping the pancake 1 griddle smoking on the stove while waiting for a late comer, just slip it
THIRt

Our Will wap fishing in the brook.
When las a lack he snagged lus hook But did he hesitate? Not he;
Just waded in and set it free.

ri
wri

». »Q

^ .	. I intoy your even and shut the door un-
ZmmmJ	regdy to me it again.
Do it now I
I


%
###PAGE###8###

Hockey Match
l
The ShawYille Boot ai Shoe Store
When you require Printing-
call at
In Aid of Red Cross Society
Wednesday might, January 23rd |
LADIES vs. MBIT
Admission 25 and 15 cents.
SKATING AFTER THE GAME.
I
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
I
When You Want to
Buy Shoes
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
Make Your Decision
Right Now
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
You want the best you can get for
dont you ? Most people
here for that. People expect
your money,
i
Purchase a Confederation Life Contract.
Send for our Booklet covering plans of Life Insurance. We sell every plan of Life Insurance offered on the Market
To secure Confederation Life results, you must hold Confederation Life Policies.
Prosperous and Progressive after 45 years of Business.
Confederation Life Association
Established 1871.
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent, Shawville, Que.
P. SEWELL ROB ARTS, District Manager Eas tern Ontario, 115 Sparks St., Ottawa.
come
more off us than they do off others. They know we can give more and they know we have been in the habit of do-
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
ing it ever since we started business. They know that we are determined to give them always the biggest possible value for the least money and we can
will be open for business
every TUESDAY only
until further notice.
Highest Market Prices Paid.
do it.
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Oats 80c. this week.
ELMHURST fl
SHORTHORNS à

HORSES WANTED.
Local and District.
WM. HODGINS.
\ limit '%) good hordes (mare* i»rv ft rml) for the Western .Market. May he slightly heiivey, hut must lie sound in limbs and in good fat condition, and not overt) year'* old.
Apply at owe.
(». A. HOWARD,
Shaw ville.
family. friend* and lmsim *ociatts want your p"i trait.
•f folder? to choose from
H. iKlsoN, Artist in Vortmitui

\ m
If you are thinking about buying
A Young Bull for this coming
season
come and see the very choice lot we now offering for sale. They are rich colored, thick fleshed, growthy fellows that should make good money for their owners
Elmhurst Stock Farm,
Portage du Fort.
langt
lA >ST t )n either Main Street, Shaw-»r in Methodist t'hurcli shed,
TAILORING
\ ill. .
Saturday before Christmas, a leather z_	-—	-----------™
hand hag, containing two electric rail- j lmt ajj attempted spew I-stunt*' on way tickets, and bill from linen Store ' |ps t were promptly blocked by Finder will oblige owner by leaving at ; the Rolsheviki referee, who grimly
trailed him ¦ iff t.> the penalty coop
to reflect u|K>n his rashness: and of
this procedure proved a striking object lesson to his cool, calculating partner not to get too
are
A good assortment of
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
Shaw\ illv j K»st utlict
u Main street, i hand
L( 1ST—Soi ue w hen Shawville, west of post ottict
bag vo
with initials books with some money and other arti vies. Kinder suitably rewarded by leav ing at this office
course
ntaining a gold watch and pin ilso two small pM'ket
guy
The Indies were out to win and the referee was bound that nothing should interfere with their plans. Hence a score of 6—4 in their favor. It would, perhaps, be indiscreet if not dangerous to add further comment, save to remark that the proceeds amounted
to 147.50.
After the match refresh intuits were served at the Misses Wilson’s confectionery.
The officiali

Also a nice stock of
Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves.
Pte Kdwnrd Nivholl, who re eently returned from overseas was found dead in bed in the (>t taw a Hotel, Hull, on Kliursday night. A superficial examination by the coroner led him to conclude that death may have been due to other than natural causes, and an inquest was ordered.
thank* tor such a tangible expression of *y in; withy. We can assure you that every item m it can be used to the best advantage and we arc asking the clothing committee to distribute it where it will do the most good.
Yours truly,
Ralph I*. Bell, Secretary Relief Committee.
PUMPS PUMPS
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
I wish to inform the public that I have on hand a number of the
“Famous Selley Pumps”
>1. oitinX-
Mail or phone orders promptly attend-
s were
Referee-Tom Shore : I mpli es
Gibson ami Rev
The Water Street hospital, Ottawa, was the scene of a tiro on J Thursday morning last, which at Timekeeper* —X\ one tune threatened the des true- and C K. Shaw.
tioji of the entire building, in The teams are billed to play |ed to. Apply to which there were Ittt patients at a^aj„ on Wednesday night, Jan lithe time. But abundance of assis- arv ortrd Lance and heroic work won the |
iaimihyeliute near tliv children’. wants Change in Educational t'he difTmcnee	k"°"
j.,,. ii. ..........
gress th^t these little unfortunates matters are to have an inning in reived by some of our town mer-rotild not be reached in time to, assembly next week, Mr. 1. 0. chants last week, save them. The other patient* Bouchard, deputy foi bt. II>a-were hurriedly conveyed to the , emthe having decided to Vm**£
S3HKH sèSbf
He wants to have six	French	New Year’s vontribution to the Gazette
high schools established	to till	of Montreal Many persons throughout
IJ	what he considers to be an eduea- Canada have felt that while we pray for
Friday night s hockey match, in tional gap between the primary our King, wv ought also honorably hold aid of Red Cross work, being the schools ami the classical colleges, up the men who are protecting l>oth first of the season, was favored He also wants a uniform standard king and country. A variety of verse# with a fairly good attendance and for diplomas all over the province, has been offered to add on to the Na-everyone seemed to enjoy the, Mr. Bouchard will also ask for a t,0nal Anthem, and a discussion was rather unique brand oi game that radical change in the administra- recently opened in the Gazette as to the
ÉEppÉI siiillü eS^ES
which Archie	himself	was	one	of	; Tb,* i would mean that the	bishops	line» through your columns to my man>
the components.	The	rest	of	the	would be very much in the min-	friends in Pontiac
outfit bore something of the evi- |ority. deuce of high finance, tempered with a touch of the artistic, and reinforced by an admixture of
mechanics, transportation per-	JB I I	¦
plexities, with a keen edge for has the following to say in the any contingencies that might arise, press about oleomargarine :
Nevertheless, all this high-class “Many people are timid about dope availed little in warding off using this excellent substitute tor the signal defeat which the ladies butter because they do not know Montreal UtJ administered, and when all was that it i« an article ot food |>er-1 January -th, 191*.
¦I land done the Never-wasers fectly wholesome and in many
cases a much superior article to
most of the dairy butter which we ^	.	,,	.	, ,
buy in the stores.	I he ( larendon Home-makers club
“Margarine, when properly met at the home of Mrs. James U. Hod-
made, is chemically pure and fier- gins on Saturday, Dec. 22nd, and parked
fectly sterile. It should have been a tv>x of bed-clothing and clothing for
on tne market long ago. Some the Halifax sufferers, for which their
people to my knowledge have been president received the following letter
eating lard and other fats, who fmm the Secretary of the Relief t?om-
could not afford to pay the high
price for butter.
“Margarine was served to me for u	R	I H
three meals recently in my own 4 t; o v 3 Shawville Une	I hereby give notice that I do not hold
home without my knowledge. I	u	rJ*. u	Tiü.	mv^elf responsible	for	the payment	of
thought I was eating good cream-	,	Madam	. The Kxecutiw -m	nny bills contracted	In my	name.	eic*pt
ry butter and my wife gave me	nut tee has asked	me to express	to y m	my wife
the laugh when she informed me	and	those associated with you	in your
that I had been using margarine generous contribution our very sincere
BARGAINS
HERB. MITCH KM
Wedding at Melfort, Sask.
A very pleasing event took place at the Movement Parsonage, Melfort, Sask., Friday, Dec. 28, 1917, when Rev. 1. (’. Smith assisted by Rev. Bishop Warren, united in marriage Mr. O. Frank and Miss Maiumcher both of Melfort.
The bride was beautifully attired in a gown of mauve, while Miss Henrietta Barclay, of Star City, who was bridesmaid, was becomingly attired in dove
san toy suit.	^
The gloom was assisted by Rev. \\. J. Major as l>est man.
We all join in wishing the happy couple a joyous and happy life. V«>m.
Shawville
...FOR...
JANUARY
The balance of our Heavy Goods
at reduced prices.
Come early as the stock is low.
3 pairs Men’s black Mackinaw Pants (long) $5.00 1 Men’s Black Dog Coat, size 48 $28 1	“ Fur Collared Coat size 38 $14
1	“ Sheep Lined Coats 46 and 48 $9.75
1	“ Black Mackinaw Coat 46 $7.75
Fancy Mackinaw Coat 36 $8.75 Men’s Cloth Overcoats less 10 p. c.
1 Lady’s Fur Collared Coat size 44 $18.75 1 Lady’s Plush Coat size 42 $23.50 Men’s Red, all wool Underwear $2.00 a suit
Many other lines to clear out at Bargain Prices.
fo the Editor *»t The Equity
Hockcyists Aid Red Cross
Tenders for Cedars
Sealed Tenders will l>c ixrcived by the undersigned Secretary of the Municipality of Clarendon, before Monday, February 4 th, 1918, for 15,000 feet (B. M.) of good, sound cedar squares, to be delivered as designated, not later than April 1st at the following points : -
3,000	feet at Brown's mill ;
3.000	*|
4.000	1
5.000	1
| to be 6 x 6 in' ll*
if to be 8 x 8	"
to be 16 feet, to lie 12 or 8 feet
Mill Creek, 5th con. line Bert Hudgins, Yarn» ; Shawville.
l
? <
() God our soldiers keel»,
And those who guard the deep From shore to shore ;
Thy blessing on them send. Guide them unto th^ end,
Let peace with victory blend
Margarine vs. Butter
Lengths
I
A. S. Wade, M. !>., of Renfrew,
E. T. HODG1NS,
* Sec. Tress
For evermore.
W. Bowman Tucker
Shawville, January 10, 1918
Telephone Rentals Notice
Subscribers of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Company, Limited, are respectfully reminded that rentals for the first half of 1918 are i>ayable in January. ITp to January 5th, inclusive, 44 subscribers had paid 6 months' rental or more for 1918. Thanks.
U. W HODOINK,
Secretary.
had not improved their hockey status by the smallest fraction.
The ladies, garbed in the uniform (we mean sweaters) of the old Senior seven, seemed to be endowed with something of the winning streak which that old team ill its palmy days possessed, and the way they slammed in the goals during one stage of the game was
¦This was when
Ac k nowledgment
Bring us your Red Foxes and Furs for highest price.

NOTICE.
simply a shame the w a sers held the south net, and seemed to be largely attributable to a “breeze from the north bearing strongly upon that position. The ai untie Point of the •waiters, (Count De Gink), tried to relieve the situation repeatedly,
Halifax, Jan. 2nd, 1918
ARCHIE DOVER
!
e
JOHN L. FRASER
ShawviMe, Jan. 14. BUS
