###PAGE###1###






O
No. 48, 36th Yeah,
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY 23, 1918.
$1.00 A YEA B IN ADVANCE.

THE

THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874.
Fires Break Out
BANK
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
and thieves break in. Don’t risk the first, or invite the second, by keeping money in the house.
Put it in The Merchants Bank, where it will be safe from loss— always available—and earn interest at highest current rates.
4,750,000
OTTAWA
Campbell's Varnish Stain
04 Branches In Canada,
I
Conservation of resources means success.
Conserve YOUR assets by building up a Bank Account.
Savings Department at all Branches.
For Floors, Furniture, and all interior surfaces
We have a big stock in the following colors :
Dark Oak Light Oak Golden Oak Cherry
s
Mahogany
Rosewood
Walnut
Green
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
W. W. Mitc well, Acting Mgr. R. Leobr, Manager.
A. H. Mulhekn, Manager.
Fort Coulonoe Branch,
Campbell* Ray Branch,
Portage dv Fort Sub Office, Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corners Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday.
Head Office : Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
QUYON BRANCH,
Established 1864.
W. P. DRUM, Manager. • A. A. REID, Manager.

The reasons why you should use it :
Dissolves Crease Spots, Penetrates Wood Fibre,
It is the best stain on the market, and we guarantee every can of it.
Most things can be anybody • gift— your portrait in distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. Imihon, Artist in portraiture.
Read Dover’s Ad.
The cheese factoi Corners will open on 27th.
Bargains such as have l>een rarely offered for years |>ast to be had at Dover’s Sale.
McLachlan Bros, extensive lumber yards at A in prior were reiKirt-ed on tire Tuesday afternoon.
Ihe Presbyterian Ladies’ Aid, will hold a Food Sale on Saturday at 3.90 p. in. in Mr. Caldwells sample room.
The work meeting of the Shaw-ville Homemakers Club will meet at the home of Mrs. C. A. L Tucker.
The young ladies of the Methodist Church successfully repeated
the play “The New Crusade” at Portage du Fort on Fiiday evening, for the benefit of the Methodist parsonage fund.
No Sediment.
ry at Starks Monday, May
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
” SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographers. For the past y
the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. hi every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
ear
PERSONAL MENTION
Capt. F. C. Smyth spent the week-end in town
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction Is Individual. the Willie Harnett, of the (nnadinn h< hoot Is open dming the entire year ;
Jnd	whii Ins^reuteT** I ^uftr JJnTmoref10 PCF mo*lh 1 do not
Mr. Lome Elliott, of Westmeath, More than 300 students from other local was a wcek-eild visitor to friends colleges have in the past joined our class in <li,m villi.	cs. .Names and addresses are available.
...	_ . , * .	,	Students are assisted to positions.
Miss Retd, Of W estmeath, arriv- Wc are HEADQUARTERS for Short ed last week to take ft position on ban I. Typewriting, Penmanship, Spell the Bank of Ottawa staff.	inç. English, Correspondence, etc.
Mrs. H. Imison visited relatives ' Ne ad for circular, in Carson by, Out, last week, returning Thursday evening.
s-
COWLING

%
OTTAWA, ONT.
W. A. HODGINS
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Stmt NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
W K.Oowling, H.O. W. BraITHWAIT, President.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
Principal
.SHAWVILLE
Miss Derbyshire, of Athens, was the guest of Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Dagg, over the week-end.
Or. Perley Dag
Kingston, who 1
11 j parents for the past couple of weeks, returned on Wednesday last,
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Hodge, accompanied by Mrs. Boyd, Miss Gallic and Miss Lillie Steele, motored to Pakenham on Sunday last.
Your friends will all be here for to get bargains on Saturday. Arrange to meet g, 72nd Battery, |them here. A. Dover. ms been visitiu
EXPERIENCE
vs.
For Hatsfkx Blind.
The following donations have been received towards the above fund to date :
Previously acknowledged, $26.26 Miss A Workman, Charter is $1.00
* Your family, friends and business associates want your portrait. A nice range of folders to choose from.
H. I mi son, Artist in Portraiture.
Another
Car
EXPERIMENT.
11 is
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade oi pro fession.
I	_	.	, Machinists are trained by practical
The many young draftees who machinist*, doctors by doctors, dentists went to Ottawa last week to re- by dentists.
gister, have in most cases been nl- /	*u.c<‘€£8 of,lllc Graduates
=(K:"K. k tM ssrsiBSSF’38
seemed a (position on the Ottawa seeding. To most farmers, how- For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac Hank staff in town.	lever, the puzzle remain- unsolved : touutant. we have the best courses avail -
“Who is to take off the harvest any*here.
threv months hence ?”	I	kue,WStlU Sploy-
..	, ers' Demands Exceed the Number of
Memorial Cards.—A new stock i Willis Graduates.
of very neat ones at this office-several designs.
Donation to Tobacco Fund.
We acknowledge with thanks the following donation to the Soldiers’ Overseas Tobacco Fund
Wra. Moore, Otter Lake,
of
$1.00
The Misses Jennie and Ida Morrison have returned to Mont-Come to Dover’s Saturday. You I fOal after spending a three week-
will be glad you came and so will we. vacation with their parents and
—	------- other relatives.
This
N. i. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa, Ont.
Banking Service Extended.
Willi* College
l i'1. Sparks Street, entrance between Ketvhum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Fencing
Although bunk staffs through- M*n*.	Hoy's clothing at give
out the country have been greatly awii>' prices Saturday at Dover *.
¦IS llPli BS
has been opened in this town, and	_________ Vlartndou front.
one also at Bristol Cornera. Sim-	_	_	.	..
ultaneou-ly, the Merchants' have The Lone Scout Organisation
S #### SSSjSISi SHipBBiE
i>r?in<MJh- viiïi Mr n vv l n modeled after The Boy Scout or- Tuesday and Wednesday of last M .h<>	two Hav. « ganization a number of boys must encouraging inciease in every de-
5555e - "
and Friday. The time brandies ,mme •«LONbw Scout.	Sabbath Schools in connection —
are under Mr. Mnlhern s supei- Since their foundation, two and with the District along with FARM FOR SALE-Ea*t half of lot 28,
vi8t>*ÎL i lï	one half years ago, the Lone	several Young Peoples’ Societies.	3rd range. Clarendon.	For	further	par
i j i * the banking Uemtie-	-	Scouts have gained a inembersnip	A marked increase in enrolment	ticular* apply to Mrs. M.	Gagnon, Port
hided to and tlie c<mvenicnce	of	a	Qf moine 270,000, having members	*"d attendLaixe was reported.	du >ort. Que.
railway at hand the Bristol	Cor-	|D the United States, Canada and	The money* raised for ministerial
people should commence W many other countri* as well, hat they are at last coining It is entirely supported by the sc
sale of its official magazine Lone lent purposes were about $2,00U in Scout, which in turn is supported advance of any other year, in the
by contributions of members. work of the District.	.. Spiry Klng •• No, 108to7 . agr 2 ycara
» » i i re r	The Rev. J. A. McNeil was ap- A good individual. For particulars apply
The May issue of Rod and Lau	^	pointed to ^present the District to J. C. Hayes, r R Xo.2. Shawvllle.
in Canada is replete with articles, j Save Old Rubbers and Waste on the stationing committee and stories and departments w ritten	Paper.	the Rev. F. Tripp, the state of the
V" Help ™, B.„. 0,e„,., Sh’.uit Kid’S SSSTK
door man whether interested in	,N THIH WAV*	ginning May 27th. Mr. J. R. Me-
hunting, fishing, camping, canoe-	I>owelt wo* appointed as Lay deic-
ing, trap shooting or gunning. Save all the old rubber and waste | gate to the Conference. The Rev.
Among the stories Mulberry’s paper and give it to the Lone Scouts, j J)r. Taylor, of Renfrew, presided Mongrel by II. Mortimer Batten. The pmoeed* from the sale of these will at all the sessions.
A Simple Story of Two Pups, is i be used to |>ack boxe* for our boys The public meeting on Tuesday worthy of special mention ; Bird aero** the Big Pond.	evening was fairly well attended. I
Hunting with the Camera in Any Lone Scout .of thi* town will be Addresses were given by Mr. J. W.
Central Alberta contains some re- glad to bring your contribution* to our Winter, ot Renfrew, représenta- FOR SALE—Several purebred young markable illustrations of bird life headquarter*, from where it will be tive of the Ontario Department of g"k*hlrJ R**- Apply to E. J. Barber, in that province: Doctor Musk- shipped.	|Agriculture for Renfrew County, RhNo.8,bhawviiie.
elonge, Dental Surgeon i< an We think, and we know that you too ,AU<^ the Rev. J. A. McNeil, of Coo- —
amusing natrative of a )ig ns i ^hiak, that It i* for a worthy cause, and	on,the Rural J- hurch.	FOR SALE—Mv property in the village
that brought to a summary end we fw, aligured tbat W|„ M , The ladies vf the Church pro- of BrMol Corner,. For particular, apply an aching molar ; A May ( anoe . our |*t jn	'	1 i vided a sumptuous repast on Tues to Mr*. M. H. Murray. Shaw ville.
Efe&S*
Haddon. The regular depart- Ga* having anything in tin linemen- did not fail to express their appre- during the winter, there arc lot* of m-mentsaro up to their standard of Uoned will oblige by handing same in elation of kind and generous treat- tempting pictures can be made to send excellence. Rod and Gun, the to headquarters at the Russell How, ment received from their Shaw- to the boy* at the front. Amateur Noortaman *	if iwbliilMd
at Woodstock, Ont», by W* J-J Taylor, Limited.
Deaths
tvh
ears
urs-
Brown Optical
Last Call For
Garden Seeds
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Methodist Church District
Meeting.
552 St. Catherine West
We expect to receive our
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
CORN
this week.
FOR SALE—A uuantity of good seed potatoes ; also hand picked beans. Apply Minsk* Armstrong. 7th Line, Clarendon.
ipport, missions, other funds and hemes of the church and bene vo-
uer*
t ¦¦
to their own.
WIRE STRETCHER
(STRAYED)
HU
FOR SALE — Reg. Shorthorn Bull.
May Rod mad Gun
FOR SALE—A quantity of good sound Green Mountain Potatoes. Norvai. Kilgour, Shaw ville.
FOR SALE -1 wicker baby carriage, and 1 bab Mrs. R
Will the party who borrowed our stretcher last fall kindly return it at once.
a by push cart, for sale.	Apply to
. C. Woodley, Shawville.
FOR SALE—A quantity of good seed potatoes. Peter Brownlee, Shawville,
W.A. HODGINS
finishing a specialty.
ville friends.
The next annual meeting will be held at Renfrew.—Com.
Cecil Brownlee, Tribe Scout,
H. Imison,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies

v m
t-Vt 4 Yat?



- 4A
rfrl
k ft ‘ 4
>



«









* *
a





*











tWv


















?






















###PAGE###2###

;r
Cream Wanted
Did Yon Brer Hear the FairiesÎ
When the earth no longer bare Is,
In the blossom days of spring, l>id you ever hear the fairies. ? Ever hear the fairies sing?
Did you ever follow after Their elusive silver laughter Till the good folk thought ye "safter Than insist ony feckless thing”?
when I shall haw my way with you
Julietta?”
"You're having it now," she ran on
“And just think
jfczd?
Runaway Julietta
•s
SWEET OR CHURNING CREAM
IvCti^O
with eager words
what an advertisement, to say that the Russian army marched in
CHAPTER II.—(Cont’d.)	| ment. The lines about his mouth through the shabby office.	I Mutual Da
iiP?« BSSliSilE
iSœHîs 5=5E3U
My but kindly, “with my sanction as ceiver.	.....	. . J	(To be continued.)
the head of this concern, Julietta. A curious smile, half tender and half That's all."	; triumphant, curved Julietta's lips as
"Oh, Uncle Paul! You’ll not let my she stood thoughtfully at her desk.
I am big idea drop?"	It pained her to go against Pau lMor-
" We'll send Benson. "	row’s wishes; and yet that blissful
i “Benson! Have him steal my thun-1 exultancy of setting her will against
the world, of doing the impossible.
childish boast to Chi y Thorpe, those dim and misty
th it connection?”	U1® *uca is mine, aim 1 ve a rigm to years ago -years that seemed now
"Tho firm broke it, rather. There is «** rewan(. Be ¦fair to me, hut a vague shadowy unreality, no sentiment in business. You see Vncle Paul-haven’t I the right ? " I Aga.ffehe smiled, softly, reminiscent-how your plan has failed at its very . ‘ p°n mX soul! muttered the bar- ly. as the scene flashed upon memory a inception "	ried Morrow. “If you put it that screen, and she saw herself, slim, bare
She leaned toward him, losing her way, you hate. I don’t want to he legs, sunbonnet swinging in her hand, rare, vivid smile; her dark lashed eyes uiuust, Julietta dear, but you simply telling the awed, wide-eyed, freck ed-melted into luminous turpuoise as she «‘nn°t go to Japan. See here, if faced hoy, “Some day triien Pm big, pitted hk hand softly	| Bensun wont do, isn’t there some oth- I’m going to do big things 4he way
-Oh, good! No, my pian hasn’t failed «r way out of it that would satisfy men do big things.’* A far away ex-at all; it’s grown letter. Splendid! >r°u •	, pression crept into Julietta a «yes.
Whv don’t vou understand Uncle A radiant smile touched her lips at She wistful,y wondered about ( hiy Paul ? We’li go into business togeth- this sign of weakening.	! Thorpe her childhood’s playrnate, her
er, you and I. We’ll make a fresh v ^«rtainlv .ther* ,s’„ **e	. best friwd- -and gatoant knight. She
start and_”	lightly. "I have it all planned out. wondered what he looked like now.
She paused suddenly before his Mrs Drake!"	I And then, womanlike she wondered
chuckling laughter	i Mrs. Drake! Again Morr.w star- if he still remembered her, if he re-
“Oh, it w,u. a mean trick, but I told	^ blankly ather.	numbered his	earnest, half-defiant
the truth!" He leaned back and held	Y«\ She’ll go with me	1 ou,	answer to her	proud little boast:
his sides. “Pm not the manager any know «he has been planning to leave “When you’re big III be big loo. and more-two days ago they made me the school soon, and we can go to then I’ll marry you, and we ll have president. IPs my company. And	together Then when	we	get	the finest ranch	m the valley Juh-
'pon mv soul vou shall have vour	there she can look after me, and	I II	etta half sighed	as she sat down at
wish!”	j look after that contract ami we’ll her businesslike desk. Somehow she
both have our way."	had never forgotten Clay Thorpe’s
“I see,” murmured Morrow absently, plans for his future- and for her fu-“I wonder if the time w ill ever come ture- when they were both “big."
We supply cane, vs y expreee chargee
Trufit and remit daily.
Her silver laugh pealed Our price next week fifty-two cents

By Arthur Henry Gooden
V
O
N

and Creamery Ce

To. ont»
Bd eeiew aAlkt
EAT CAMADIAH StiCÛ
ni e II
11

Bob lodg
UNION MADE
OVERALLS
i
SHIRTS 8. GLOVES
In considering the breed of chick-beat suited for the home flock, pay little or no attention to thoae which are not of local importance, that is, not being rained successfully in the community, except on the advice of exports.
Xnawn f* ** CeaU UCoaU
‘c<teDTI“
ms
thivm|
through influence, and I want to use yours to get mine
t
WiM you?"
Hie eyee twinkled for Uie first time in long momenta.
“You are mistaken, Julietta, not the manger connection."
“What ?” Her startled eyes gleamed across the table at him mlÊKM
96
Nothing Utter is made
I've broken that
nenaoni nave mm steal my vnun der?" she flashed out rebel!iously
.......... ............. “After-^ "No, I wont have him make a mess of She recalled her
after all these years you’ve broken l^l*n8;	* 'Willi the commission
the idea is mine, and I've a right to
Be fair to me,

cm
100%
ut a vague,
PAI
TO PAINT RIGHT
BEST for WEAR and WEATHER
THE RIGHT
¥
.ftf*
% [PESE. >
„LJE
'*ORT SOAP <1 Tf°H.
This is the Paint yon need for Indoors end out. The guaranteed Ramsn v Quality, that makes the house bright l_ 2 cheerful. C There’s a ltaimay dealer waiting to serve you.
and
6
A. RAMSAY & SON COMPANY
Nothing better can be
is*#
MONTREAL
• T
H
I
TOROMTO
vancoivee

a
l i ii nun h h mi ii ilium ii min 11 h ni nun
i

Shopping
t
1
I

In
4
k*
CHAPTER III.
She Begins to Carry Out Her Ideals.
The affairs of the Trufit Shoe Company were conducted in a large, dingy brick building in San Pedro Street. That portion of the public that chanced the cobblestones of the congested wholesale district had knowledge thrust upon it by a gigantic legend on the walls of the aforesaid brick building proclaiming that Truth Shoes Fit, The third word stood out in fifteen-foot letters. The company had always sworn that Trufit shoes fitted, but it had remained for Julietta	THE CONSCRIPTION ut IDLERS.
word	fe'S':	there is one piece of recent legis- hereelf-couid I do that man’s work?
ing would herald the fact to the world Ution more than another that should If she could—well, he has no business at large.	I be weflcorned by the women of Canada to he there.
To the utter bewilderment and the it te the measure for the conscription The problem of the hour now is to untold pride of Paul Morrow it was of idlers. Where the army missed a get men for the farms, to induce them just such ideas as this which had man# the land is going to get him. to give up their aimless city existence, placed Julietta as assistant in charge “Every male person residing in the where they feel that they are not of the sales department, eighteen [pinion of Canada shall be regular-1 truly serving their country, and ren-months after that fateful dinner at ly engaged in some useful occupation." der the greatest service they can, next
& j6T2&.	>,	».	.. «*.1». in» iW .W » »
evenings- that dinner and a certain »e wasters, the professional paupers, on the land, dinner years previously; both included the tramps and the gilded youth*,
Paul Morrow across the table.	rich or poor, between the ages of six-
They lived quietly, happily. Juliet teen and sixty, will be rounded up and preserving Linoleum.—T# preserve ta’s best friend was Mrs. Drake, and made to work as they never worked tiu> i;noteum on the kitchen and toilet main- a troublous hour was calmed in before. It means that they will be floors apply to it a good floor varnish.
But still* Julietta clungto her ambition*. puppt'U and will »>e forced ^ do men « Emerg^cy Yeast -If you are far “We’re not selling enough shoes "i work. The out-and-out idlers and fTom neighbors and the store and she declared one morning to Morrow.| ^ camouflage workers come under, your >vast runs out, simply make a "Eh? ’Pon my soul ! We’re mak- the measure equally. î et another ^jn Matter of water and flour, let rt lng our comp -rs know where we class will be lined up—the a ns - and 8^aiKi jn a warm piece till it ferments
; alien enemies who make high wages and ia full 0f bubbles. One pint of She settled back comfortably in her for short periods of employment and tjlls ferment will equal one cup of o chair ami tapped a pencil against her then idle away their time in dissipa- yea$lt jn starting the new.	j
white teeth	w | tk>n until their money is all gone. * To Remove Stains.—Alcohol will
nut Twp'tln » Mt "e P • The measure applies to the rich the ,ipBW out prase stains from cotton or
—• k ssarwajs: j rtrsüTÆiïiïÆ
¦Julietta leaned forward.	•	•	;	• shaJ1 be regularly en-j chloroform is one of the best cleans-;
“Have you read the papers?" *ho	,n some useful occupation. ers. Applied to colored suede shoes
queried breathlessly.	U hat did Lloyd Ueorge say recent- or gioves and rubbed with a dean :
“Of course I have—all of 'em.” ly ?	cloth until dry, then brushed with a
“Then you must have seen that Ja- “Everything points to the definite ci0thes brush, it leaves the article like pan has sent some men over here to determination of Germany to put the new
place contracts for shoes she is sup- whole of her resources into seeking a A Delicious Brown Bread.—Pour a
g###
Morrow exploded in a roar of laugh- whole their strength. There are, dissolved in warm water, one-quarber Î
.siiil seven or eight months withm cup of syrup, one-quarter cup of warm '
My dear girl, there's absolutely no which the fighting can continue, and water. Mix well together and pour use in wasting time with those Japs, everything depends upon keeping our into a greased mould with fitted lid. Those fellows will turn over their con- strength right to the end, whatever j^ave apace for it to rise. When light tracts to the shoe combine and they’ll the strain upon our resource# may be." r?\%ce mould in kettle of boiling wage! a fat graft. I jant afford to j “Keeping our strength right to the ter and cook two hours, then place in
fflÆtsttCT.aîs	Æ - -................- - -
S&£*	*» ; •">' »"	*™ ¦»*
desk with a loud smack.	worth while
“Certainly not." agreed Julietta, by spending it wwuy In productive
a gesture of labor and making "two ears of com
or two blades of grass to grow "Well, then, that’s all there is to where only one grew before."
j The object of the new measure is to
get men out on the farms, to rid the “Eh?" He gazed at her, startled. c^j€S 0f their hundreds of young
“What do you mean .	“idlers." They may be employed, but
a
For Sale by all Dealers.
mM
,7
Big
m
% %
City
v

à
\
Leave It to Parker
'T’HE postman and expressman will bring ¦ Parker service right to your home. We pay carriage one way. Whatever you send—whether it be household draperies or the most delicate fabrics—will be speedily returned to their original freshness. When you think of
ilv anything pleases a woman than to cvme'io the city to shop. There are 10 many big stores with such endless variety and choice of everything.
Still there |s Just that litde drawback about where to stay. The Walker House selves that problem.
It Is a heme for vou while In the city, and you can have all yoor purchases sent direct there, where there are special facilities for looking after your parcels.
Come to the city to shop and stay at
The Walker House
The House of Plenty TORONTO, ONT.
P.9.—Special attention riven to ladies and children travelling without gentlemen escorts.
iiimumiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiimiii
Scarce! more i

1



Cleaning or Dyeing
0
y
think of PARKER’S.
A most helpful booklet of suggestions will be mailed on request.
Parker's Dye Works, Limited
C leaners and Dyers

Household Helps


TORONTO
791 YONGE ST.

wzk


ere. ”
?y2£m


Br
w



m




r m >

l!
The Best Insurance
You Can Put on Your Buildings
ter
is the protection that good paint guarantees. Fire Insurance does not prevent fire—it only partly reimburses you for loss sustained, should fire destroy your property.
Fire may never happen.
On the other hand, the use of good paint actually prevents a loss from decay which is not just a possibility, but an absolute certainty. The destructive effects of weather, upon buildings that lack proper paint protection, go on every second of the day and night.

We keep our strength
QUEEN’S
V
i
Paul leaned back wi finality.
9 I
UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON	I
ONTARIO	I
ARTS	I
MEDICINE EDUCATION APPLIED SCIENCE	I
Mining, Chemical, Civil, Mechanical and I Electrical Engineering.	I
HOME STUDY	I
Art* Course by correspondence. I>gie« I 1 with one year’s altendence or four summer sessions.
Summer School Navigation School I
MARTIN

&L"
w
"No. it.isn’t."
"10# PURE” PAINT
I'm going
is the greatest known protector of all building material against time and weather, because it is made only of pure White Lead, Pure Zinc Oxide, and Pure Linseed OiL
You would not think of letting your Fire Insurance Policies lapse in order to save the yearly premiums. It would be even poorer economy to let your Paint Protection Policy lapse by neglecting to repaint your increasingly valuable buildings this
When you do paint use Martin Senour “100% Pure” Paint. It spreads easier, covers more surface, and protects longer than most other makes.
Write for “Farmer’s Color Set” and “Town and Country Homes”* Just what you’ll need in planning your painting. Mailed free.
lion profit in it, or more to see the Japanese minister of war, or whoever takes care of these contracte over there—*
"You are not going to Japan on any such errand!" said Paul shortly. "Don't you approve of getting that
contract?”	_	_
“No. You can't land it Nobody And I don't want you to go. " "But, Uncle Paul—"
"You see, my dear girV’ went on
of your* is pre-You’re an uncommonly


I ••

z.\

CEO. Y. CHOWN. Registrar
19

1
i*
*,V1
season.



PIANOS! PIANOS!
JES
can

Morrow, “this id posterons.
clever girl, but, after all, a girt possible!”
rtLe met hia defiant look with unwavering eyes.__________________I _
"And, after all,” she said slowly, "you are not reaHy ray guardian. You have no legal authority over my actions. You cannot dictate whether
I'm determined well be amic-

In order to get our Justly high grade piano In each town, village or township throughout Ontario, we shall offer one Instrument, and only one, In each place, at factory price, as far as It can be done consistently, These pianos are made in Canada and have been before the Canadian public for over twenty-five years, and are sold on a straight guarantee.
For further Information apply to BOX 427

123

Im-
jSHS


u yjis
üAe MARTIN-SENOUB G*

LIMITED»
greenshields avenue, 5
r
MONTREAL.1
y.wwgHvoo.
I shall go or sts/
re
g. so we may
fi M
.
¦ v

TORONTO. ONT
tared at her for a Ivng mo


###PAGE###3###
¦
WATCHERS ALONG
THE COAST
PLAYGROUNDS
they are covered with can va*, in order that they will not be conspicuous objects when the Germans throw up their star shells, which make the linen as bright as day, and pick out any moving object, so the machine guns may be trained on them "
In a rear apartment of the exhibition there is a collection of war relics, and Sergeant .Fisher pointed to a German whizz shell, and then explained that one like it had caused him to be withdrawn from the trenches to be a lecturer. It appears that one of these explosive missiles grazed hin forehead, cutting into the bone and otherwise so wounding him that the optic nerve of the right eye was destroyed. Hence he is now out of it, as physically unfit, but he is a fine specimen of soldier for all that.
RELIEF FOR
FRENCH CHILDREN
5Tor
A Vital Necessity Kor the Malnten ance
GIRJUS
BOT
of Health In Town» and Cities
If the men of to-day in our cities and towns could he persuaded to look back to the days of their boyhood, and realize what the open air meant to them, there would be no need to plead for their support on behalf of playgrounds for our boys.
It is said that in “Who's Canada,” a compilation of the prominent men of this country, eighty-five per cent, of the names are those of
¦PP ,	, tom 0» the farm. Only one va-|	John o’ Groat’. to Land's End,
Among the many war activities of |j,| reason can be given for tills >“rKe En„land> and HI1 around Ireland, thou-which Tout is the centre the relief proportion of country-born Canadians	()f vigj|ant keen eyed coaal
work undertaken for French children reaching prominence, and that is the .	,	_* lhe ^okout for the
by Americans Is one of the moat healthy conditions under which they	Ti|p.! ar, on guard to maks
touching. It is from Toul that much started life. Bom beyond the crowd-	Jthe Vnited Kingdom to-
of our military work radiates, writes ed streets of our larger towns and ^ inhog,)itab|e to German craft. It
,	,	.	!citi,6"' wi,th P,enty of	P""	»‘r	ie thp oft spoken opinion of many an
When an appeal was sent out for and ample room for healthful pl»y | , , d ^habitant that certain sections help for 360 children herded together and recreation, they commenced their h(j yrjtish js)es a(ford a base for
in an old barracks, dirty and with no careers under conditions almost ideal efi U-boats- but these same insanitary appliances, eight emergency for the building up of strong bodies habjt^nta have iittlf conception of the workers responded immediately, and and active minds, and in the strain of ^roughness with which John Bull the children are now being cared for business cares this great handicap has genljn(dg hig t.oast line Mile after
under the very best of conditions, told in their favor.	mile, sands, downs, cliffe and rocks
New buildings have been erected and Conditions have changed, however, ^ ^d^ the of alert individuals, modern improvements installed. The In this country, and we now have in	men and V0|Unteers-the latter
hospital, dispensary and refugee our cities many thousands of lads . ,f. who have spent their lives by houses where mothers and children are | without the opportunities that were ^ gea
cared for are well organized and in available to our to-day leading men Take'a trip around the coast of splendid running order. About five Crowded streets, tenements, apart-	d Qr ,r(-land and you will con-
hundred children have been brought ment blocks, and near-slums are accu- " * th t u jg well nigh impossible from the villages, back of the lines mutating, and in such unhealthy sur-	boat tf) „ on t0 the beach
where asphyxiating bomb, are being roundings many children are reared.j wtthou' the earg and eyes of the men dropped and are supremely happy in No space is available for their games b,	fj down on the ir.tru-
this safe shelter.	' except the street, and the long list of
Dr. Maynard Ladd is in charge of . street accidents demonstrates the use	Wi strong and Alert.
ss#s ass «M
'SSsSrS SBSSHbE;
Thl, m.y .«ind	¦ w|nn|„, „/ th, b.uU of W.Urloo, .nd ihip. or U10». in kh.li. but the;
b„, „	, tru. th.t	~	b , th.n
mind when the, hn.w th.t «* eh,,-	~	""
rsv!rs£“x=-~-	r
much their own as the land on which they cultivate their vegetables. It is a desire with them not to miss anything. Their fathers, grandfathers and great-grandfathers were watch dogs on that area of the ocean. In time they watched for smug-
HOW THE BRITISH ISLES ARB
GUARDED.
AMERICANS ARE HELPING THE
WAIFS OF WAR.
c

F
4
V
Who in Imposable for a Boat U> Pull on to
the Beach Unobserved by the Men in Blue.
Toul is the Centre of a Work of Y ar Reaching Benefit to Desolated,
W ar-torn France.
“See how I am standing!
claimed.
As crooked as an apple tree.
He rolled up the flag and wrapped
Then he carried
Worthy of the Flag
Every boy in John1» room eat very ", Mias Lee was choosing the
still
boy. that wete to take pert	in	the I	k toto’thVhZÏ aLi	put rt away. He
flag drill. On Empire Day the chil-	fauftd a ltick about	afl long us the
dren were to give an entertainment, f. an<1 practiced with that, and the flag drill was to be the best ^he next day when the Wys drill-part of all the exercises.	< ^ J(>hn ^udied them more closely,
“I must have only the boys that al-! an^ after he went home he practiced ways stand straight,” said Miss Lee. | again with his stick.
“No one should ever carry the flag g0 he drilled every day. Sometimes unless he stands very straight." Then Howard come over, ami they practiced
ehe chose twelve boys. She choee together.	%
Howard, who lived near John, but she Qne night, just before John started
did not choose John.	to practice with his	stick, his little
How disappointed he was!	sister said: “Johnnie	stands straight
“Maybe I never thought much about all the time now; doesn’t he Mother .
That afternoon all the boys that had	did noAnow how glad John
been chosen for the drill stayed after wm He we|tt up.,*airs and brought «¦hool to practice. John stayed too.	hu	He m 8UPe, now,
He and Howard lived a long way from ^ ^ was ^aigh enought to carry the school house and they always went	^
home together.
“How I wâh I had been chosen too!” thought John as he watched the boys drill. “Well, I can have the fun of practicing, anyway.”
When he reached home, John took out his flag
carefully then he began to drill as he had seen the boys do at school. Mis# all the other boys.
Lee had counted when the boys drill- John," said Miss Lee ed, so John counted, very slowly: straight now as anyone “One-two-three four ; one-two-three» take Arthur’s place to-morrow, four__"	So John took part in the drill after
"Lei’s see," he said to himself, all. He was glad that he could do
"what did they do next?" He something on Empire Day, but he was
thought and thought. Suddenly he1 even more glad that now he remem-thought of something else too, and his bered always to stand straight enough face grew very red. “Ugh!” he ex-1 to carry the flag.
CHILDREN'S DISEASES
of the United States workers
one
Often Attack Grown Person# and Ravage Military Camps.
Most persons outside of the medical profession think of measles, scarlet fever and a few other similar dis- f_i affections of childhood, and astonished when epidemics of them occur in the army camps, truth is that these diseases are|* tremely contagious and that the hu man organism is esperi-Uy suscept ible to them. In thickly settled com munities nearly everyone them during his childhood.
The same thing used to be true of smallpox, and in the tropical regions of yellow fever, until health officials from the United States, and others instructed by them drove it away never, let us hope, to return. Now smallpox attacks adults chiefly because most children are protected by vaccination
tion wears off in some therefore the person may the disease ill later life.
A person who has not had measles scarlatina in childhood is very liable to take it in adolescence or in adult life, if he is exposed. That is why measles has made some ravages among our troops in the camps, adult unprotected by a previous tack is, however, not quite so liable to catch the disease as a child is, for he has probably escaped/ because he possesses a natural immunity. If he is fortunate enough to have such a protection against contagion, he may be exposed over and over again without being attacked. Had it not been for instances of natural immunity, the great epidemics of black death in the Middle Ages would hhve exterminated the people of invaded cities, except for the very few who recovered from attacks.
The principal so-called children's diseases—the doctors call them the
eases a«
are
The
ex
catches
On the day before the exercises of the boys said: “Mias Lee, Arthur Chase Is sick. He cannot be in the flag drill.”
“Oh, Miss L8e,”B| 1 “John knows all the drill
take Arthur's place?”
That afternoon John practiced with
“You do it well, “You stand as You may i
one
der
said Howard,
May he
He unrolled it very
The effect of vaccina-
cases, and contract
¦ I
Two Objects in View
or
I
The
brought to
at-
they are well fed and they are all well trained before they go into the trenches.
army
HOW THE FIRST CANADIANS FARED
vague
the French soldiers can remain in the trenches in a much better frame of
First Gas Attack.
“We were the first troops to receive the 'gas at the battle of Ypres, in April, 1916. This occurred at the second battle of that name on April 22. The men did not know what it was, and, of course, were unprotected with respirators or masks. They did not know the character of the gas, and, consequently, when they saw it roll over the trenches they thought they were playing safe by lying down. “As a result, there were many of The men who are “going over" now them either killed or permanently inwill enjoy more comforts and receive jured by the vapors. 1 knew a ltt e more consideration than did the first about chemistry and from the first Canadian troops to be sent across the whiff of it I came to the conclusion Atlantic to the battleline in 1914. that it was chlorine. Consequently,
MH
tr r "frs-ers	15ESS
Webb equipment, which is th ™	than 6,000. The killed and wound-
S	...
wmmmm
there through the fall and winter until February, 1916.
care
ture and have in mind conditions after the war, and the fathers in the trenches realize this fact, and with
this vicinity being such a centre for g,nce he has gone I oft remember all the allied soldiers the news of the	now
work is rapidly spreading and it is jjow found pleasure in the moon bound to have its effect.	light’s sheen,
“There is no part of France where Qn quiet walks. I often wonder how peace exanthemata, which means eruptive the French have shown such efficiency yhe starlight sadly smiled—had he glers, but now it arries morv ai a diseases—are scarlet fever, measles, jn relief work and there is also no	hut seen!	1 thrill with it. They are beach com ?-
German measles and chicken pox; part Qf France where the need has To-night, far-drifted days come to my ers who delight in robbing a wreck whooping cough and mumps are	also	been so great. We have taken	chil-	heart,	and saving lives,	but who more	re-
diseases of childhood, though they do ^ren from the villages all along the And silent gates of memory swing cently have hoped that it m:gh* e not belong in the group of exanthe-	)jne where gas bombs were	being	apart.	their lot to plunder some enemy craft,
mata. Smallpox belongs to the group dropped. In some cases the mothers	His Eye on the Sea.
but vaccination has removed it from are w|th them, but on the whole the He always loved the high and lonely Go ^ gt Mary’s and the coach
the usual list of children’s diseases. -	work [n confined to children alone. It	hills;	watchers	are up	soon	after dawn
The child who has passed through all	has not been necessary to remove the The Autumn leaves like fairies flit-	^ re)jeve	others.	Even	before he
of those without mishap is to be	con-	mothers from the villages, as the	ting by	should be on duty	he strolls along	his
gratulated, for he has been freed of	adults can wear gas masks, but the	To meet the zephyrs by	the quiet rills,	p()g^ the	family telescope to his eye
a menace that would otherwise hang	^ttle children do not use them sue-	A cedar standing lone	against	the	^ .g gajd	that they	want	to see what
over his later years, and that might, ce8sfully and therefore must be mov-	sky;	the sea has been doing while they
when circumstances were favorable, ^ to piaCes of safety.”	To-night how bright the lamp of me- hgve been resting To the uninitiated
make him an involuntary agent in the	Children Under Ei% ht.	&leams’	the waters have the same paucity of
spread of a fatal epidemic.	military authorities try to re- And w°nderful her charm-the g,ft °f interest they had the evening before.
move .ÏÏ the ychUdr,n unde?	eight	d™™	But men on	:
years of age. Knowing that their Far-drifted days, sometimes I wonder of the Scilly Isles watchers, dec a children are In a safe place and are	now.	1 with emphasis that those blighter.
being cared for, the peasant women Since Time leaps high the pile of St. Marys wou sp
j=£ -d —',hl „, czra. -.:	sasasc
Dr. Ladd went on to say that he To lure me from grey rocks of care *et tnem.	^
was increasing the work by opening a	and tears,
new hospital of 200 beds. “In fact,” But I hear him call from child
added Dr. Ladd, “the recent raids on	hood’s shore,	----
Nancy have opened it for us. About And longing lips are on my heart French Army No* l sing <.u**ol,ne
once more
as
MEN “GOING OVER" NOW HAVE FEWER HARDSHIPS.
Absence
Member of the Fist Canadian Contingent Tells Story of Sufferings Of Early Days.


For France.
She had been stricken, sorely, ere this came;
And now they wrote that he, her boy, was dead—
Her only one! Through blinding tears she read,
Trying to see what followed his dear
are
RED GASOLINE.
name.
He had died “gloriously,” the letter said,
forty beds are devoted to a maternity
"Guarding th. Tricolor from touch of ^ ward, which we had expected to open,	------*------- All gasoline being u.ed by th.
Where'raged U,, bat.,, furiou. and rZt'bJbhad.t^m:t'er»- WAGL'LLS AND_SUBMAR,NES.
Z55BT - i Ss 5 “;=I DISSISCh
nr	hour® after we recelved “•	,	. Western front, do not appear to fear ,ve u „ distinctive color without in-
looked	carefully to see	whether	they	ut	r	n '	twelve women were comfortably in-	the gigEts and sounds of war.	The	juril:g jts qUanties. In one of the
| had been	pinned	up	in	this	inhuman	And	after,	though	remembrance	of	stalled in our hospital and a baby was	dooming of cannon and the turmoil	armv „rvices at the rear red gaao-
manner before or after death. From	paat yearg	born."	of conflict do not create any alarm In ijne‘elveedy has been tested with the
my knowledge of the difference of Dulled not to her fond vision nor A special feature is being made of their feathered breasts. From time rgsult that the average consumption the wounds and the blood flow, I saw	grew dim;	| the recreation department, which is immemorial sea birds have apparent- dropped immediately. This proved
Though every	slightest	incident	of	under Miss Cleveland, of the univers-	jy considered ships ss universal	pro-	that not unimportant quantities of
him	ity of California, where the children	vjderg 0f food, and observers	have	gago]jne had been sold or given away
Was treasured in her breast, she shed made happy in a dozen different, repGrted that after a heavy sea fight | ^ civilians. No person was found no tears.	1 wa>'8 an(* taught to play.	the seagulls collect in thousands, and ^ping to have red gasoline in his
Her cup was full now, even to the The dental department has been dagh (j0WTlf quite undeterred by the i possession
brim,	greatly developed recently	under	Dr.	conflict( t0 feed	upon	vast quantities	For a considerable time now	gaso-
And for herself she	knew	nor	hopes	Stevens, a woman dentist.	0f small fishes	that,	killed by	has been supplied only to	those
nor fears.	l -v .»r attention has >e« n paid concussion, float upon the surface of motorists who had absolute need of a
So,	toiling	patiently,	with	noble	to the operating rooms, h i t	ery	tbe Ma Even before the battle is ’	car and wh0 were expected to tise
pride	branch of the medica department	has	| over the screaming gulls settle down	the gagoline for a gpeciflad purpose.
And lifted head	she	met	each	pity-	been made as perfect as	that	of	any	tQ thelr feegt	amid	the drifting	If however, the gasoline thus	deliving glance,	hospital in the cities.	wreckage and horrors	of a sea battle.	ered wag cmpi0yed for other	pur-
le was the	mother	of a	son	who	—	#	Seaplanes and airships cause them	pogegi the only punishment was to
And when the strife is fierce,	no tears and after the Battle of Hell-	withhold further supplies. The offi-
The wirfsn long;	goland the British rescuers of the	^als have now authority to prosecute
Steels on the ear the distant Triumph	German sailors said tha erhead	^ the criminal court all persons who,
song,	the Zeppelins floated in midair rain-	having been supplied with gasoline
And hearts are brave again,	ing disaster upon their boats, while	for gptrjfic work of national import-
And arms are strong.	all around them th* toils fought and	anre are found making use of it in
struggled for the fish that dotted the their private interests, surface of the sea unheeding the boat# or airships. If, however, air-
Tinted Red
Crucified While Alive.
“While some of the tales of atrocities by the Germans may be unreliably told, I can tell you of an Instance that came to my own notice. At St. Julien, in 1916, I saw two men from the Forty-eighth Highlanders pinned to a barn door by bayonets. I saw they both were dead, and from curiosity I
Initial Hardships.
“A good deal of the hardships the Canadians underwent was due to what has appeared to be a mistaken notion that the more hardships a soldier has to endure the hardier man it makes him. In practice, however, the theory was found a little faulty, and we had to undergo some real hardships, I can tell you. Things have changed that time, and now they do
everything for the soldier's comfort. that ^ had been transfixed in this Th^y realize that he will still have m<mstrouB manner while they Were enough of hardships left for him to alive.
understand that he is In a real war. „,g jt any wonder that the Forty-“In February, 1916, we got orders o a;ghth Highlanders have ever since go to France, and we were two days refuae(| to take a prisoner? making the crossing to France. We were landed at St. Nazaire and immediately sent forward to Armentieres.
child
since
| “There is a vast difference between the trench fighting in 1915 and in
-	,	,	.__.	1918. I stood in icy cold water up to
“You m«y imagine the comfort, we my hipa wjth nothing but the trench had in making the crowing to France booU „„ my ffet dolng sentry duty on a crowded steamship. I had to sleep in a coalhole all the way over. Then, when we were sent forward to the front, we were packed in cattle cars.
The French cattle cars are not so large nor constructed like those you see in this country. There are only two small openings In the car, and there were forty-two men packed In each car. We all had been provided with goatskin coats before we started, and you may imagine the odor there in that car from the wet goat-
1915. Now the men are provided with hip boots, which keep out the water.
• “In the early days of the war hundreds of men got what they call trench feet, which resulted from standing in the cold water for hours at a time and allowing the blood to become so sluggish that gangrene set in and the men had to have their feet amputated to save their lives. » Now a soldier Is punished severely if it is found that he has trench feet.
“The use of the hip boots, and the orders for the men to change their socks frequently, and to keep the blood circulating, when followed^ prevent the gangreneous feet and so save hundreds of lives.
died
For France!
Born Diplomat.
He was a polite canvasser that faced Mrs. Smart.
“Good morning, madam! Here is a polish for cleaning silver. Best on the market.”
“Don't want any!” snapped Mrs. Smart.
“Sorry to have troubled you, madam, but I thought the lady next door was mistaken.”
“What did she say?”
“She said I need not waste my time calling here, as you had no silver.”
“The impudent thing! Give me half a dozen boxes!”
Meat, cookod or uncooked, should always be hung, and never placed flat on m dish save for carving.

If you are mending a badly turn piece of embroidery, do as much as possible of the mending at the back.
ii .	The addition of apple sauce to pork,
ships do not alarm the seagulls,	sauce to lamb, lemon juice to
considerably perturbed by the ^ a|ld hox%e radiA to beef, are ell presence of submarines. In fact, it dieteticaily *,und. and check bad re is possible to tall by the behavior of BU]te gulls where a submarine is passing under water Their greatest danger lies in the depths of ses from sharks and brown sugar instead of granubt-•nd such marauders of the deep, and ed sugar The fir^t thr#*p ' css doubt to them a submarine is an 1 cannot be shipped to our Allies in shark. A flock of gulls will Europe as they require too much ship-
sugar cannot be

WH——^1
skins worn by the men who were almost packed in.
“For two weeks after landing In France we did not have one hot meal This was due to the Inexperience of the commissariat You see, we were all new at the business, even down to the commissary department We did not enjoy the hardships, but we did not grumble and made the beet of it.
“Now the men are carried to the front in regular passenger coaches,
are
A profitable idea for some farms fc to add two to four pounds of alfalfa-seed to the spring clover-seed mixtures. The farmer can get his whole farm gradually inoculated to alfalfa in this way, and also can increase the value of his hay crop both in quantity and quality. The alfalfa will stick with the timothy after the do-have died out, provided the soil is not sour.
Use honey, maple syrup, mol
First Steel Helmets.
“In the early days we did not have the steel helmets, and while they will not stop a rifle bullet, they will protect the heed from fragments of shrapnel. When they are worn at night in operations between the lines
no
enormous
wheel and scream over the spot, fly- ! ping speee ing off suddenly with every evidence, shipped as rt 'erments of dismay, and will not return until commodities at horm s the intruder has departed.	1 Wed sugar can be &hi,
Br

that gnanu
ev*** W*	v . ; \ ^ --.
V

mi k »1 it FPr1

%








* *
0
###PAGE###4###
INOTICE OF MEETINGS
OUNCE MALL, SHAWVILLE :
“ It is also provided that any person holding or having in his \m^session not than 25 |K>unda of flout made
wholly or in part trout wheat, or who
held or had in his possession May 17, |«irt only of one original package in which such Hour was purchased, though tli, anionnt ex eed -J"> inmnds, may n tain the same
of these amounts must l*e returned as required hy the original order.
Short Horns For Sale
THE EQUITY.
SHAWV1LLE, MAY 23, 1918.

¦¦kood young We will also price
We still Imve two extra Bulla, tit fui «enU <* our yearlings and two year old heifers.
Kld.AHO HODGINS.
Elmhurst Fat in
m< *re

o
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
E. 8.11. Workman, Irvin Hamilton,
Hoc. Secy
m
Il
M Pleasing
Éfl flavor.
â
1 Scientifically | prepared.
Hie sensational arrest of 500 proui Fein leaders last week is lie
W. M
Telephone Notice
1
All Hour held in ex
ment Sum
, d to have been carried ont just in id out another revolt. Meanwhile the Irish situation shows little
The problem in
1, O. I. No. :7. meet' l>t Tuesday of each mont li
Hum lIobuiN»
W. M
1
Ml mu l «cri tar* and pit runs of the ntiac Rural Telephone Company an I nested to pay all past due rentals at e to the Secretary ; also all amount* lue for long distance or local calls to tin* Ventral <»|*erator promptly at the end of each month.
Kro. Ho do in s, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHATTER meets on the 14th of each month
H. N. Hodoinh.
W. Cuiop. in Com
le t
x
4r-
S
i
t ,,i improvement \cd which many succeeding go
grappled with to no to U* one which defies
Bristol School Commissioners
2
vet
HrO. ÎIODOINM
Com. Scribe.
Urifttnl, May 13, IMS. rite Publie School C ommissioners ot
ibove date.
Chairman Boas and a full 1
put
ments 1 ta v
Dhmwin
U. W. HUDGINS
i
Vix
Bristol met cm tl
See retan
id
sent
11 t ’oramissionei s.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of Com. Horner.
Inspector Honey mans reput on the différent scholars work was read and considered.
Motion Com. CampUdl That the following bills lie paid :
Win Beattie, 1 ed dr> wo« d, N
“	“	cleaning No.
44	“	lighting tires H
44	44	Broom, chalk,	pail
1 >. Sheppmi, cleaning No.
Mrs. M. MeVredie, tiring N
f
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
A
=
I

London and environs cxivriencctl another aerial attack from the enemy on Saturday night the first since March It is said to have been the most ambitious yet undertaken, but it fell del ably short of its destructive ob-thanks to the formidable defensive that wa> maintained by the British antiaircraft batteries. Foui w» re brought down.

BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
i
Is the worlds best chew.
J It is the most economical chew." #
=
l)
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thors
First Friday,
I
1 hnvcjiM received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection and »cc them.
J I, HOI>01 NS
4.00
5.00
J
Call
\

f tin* raiders
1.65
t.y
l
fREAM Wanted !
%	I II ¦ H IM
Siiawvu i.i
1 Ne. I, 1.50
fur the nsidvred
ltd to I t
V. Young, putting m xx Application from teaohei following school year were and selections made.
Moved l>y Com. Alien that the cadi nut of this Commission be changed to the Bank of Ottawa, provided they tablish a branch in Bristol.
Motion Vom Campbell that xvv procure a desk and two chairs tor No. J School, also a chair for No. 7 School.
Moved by Com. Horner that this Board do now adjourn.
The Farmer* deputation the larged gathering that ever invaded the capital — which waited upon the Government la>t week with the object
Wyman, •
Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
County Orange Meeting
SHIP EXPRESS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers from 0We sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realue and pay Producers
a higher price per pound Butter Fat. K
When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and tests àre guaranteed,
of having the draft law, as affecting tin agricultural interests, amended or modified, did not accomplish much in the di
d at, the Government de
ICC
Rheumatism, l^idney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Vic tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cur*
Larukly Used With Vkky Great
Success.
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or aour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren-
1 bad rheumatism in

es
rection aim flaring it> intention of adhering to the decision arrived at last month to call to the colors all youths between 20 and 2*2
W
'‘CANADA
. OTTAWA
(î. T. Dm mmomi
Naturally the farmers
1 age
Sec, Ti
\
wont home very much disappointed and it is broadlv hinted that if any fur
v jCttld	UJ W • VI
per cent., while Its proportion to the total cut of all kinds Is only about
Oak. which was at one
is stead-
Teacher Wanted
ting of the County Orange will be held ill the
th r 44 Greater Production campaigns arc launched they will be pretty sure to meet with a cool reception. To them the policy of “killing the goose that lays the golden eggs " does not appear very logical.
A mot
Lodge
Orange Hall. Slmwville, at one o'clock, p. m.. on Tuesday, June 4th. for the |mr|x>sv of transacting business of ini|>ortanee in connection with the Association.
It is ho|ied that a good representation from the various primary lodges throughout the district will be in attendance
F. GllisoN,
Vo. Master
Bristol Council Minutes
Wanted, for A hi field School No. 1, a qualified Teacher to teach for a term of eight months, viz., from Sept. 1st to Dec. 23rd, IMS, and from March 1919, to end of school year. A Dpi lions to state salary ex|anted and to lain the hands of the undersigned not later than June 15th.
W M. V. STENDKK,
Sec. Trous., Ladysmith, (Juv.
one-fifth
time one of our “standbys ily diminishing in supply. A year the cut was about sixty per cent, smaller than It was five years previously. and furniture manufacturers \re now dependent upon the United -states for their necessary supply. White oak. the most valuable of the species. Is disappearing even rapidly than the other descriptions
of our best
Bristol, May 6, IMS. Bristol Municipal Council met on the
Mayor Vamp
1st
Ago
*
above date. Present bell and Councillors Killoran, Mc bel Ian Horner, Graham, Campbell and Hen dvrson.
Minutes
adopted on motion and Henderson.
Motion—Graham and Horner—That the following bills be paid :
Sa wyer- M assey ( '< >. :—
Grader,
Two slush scrapers,
Blade for old grader.
Freight on alxive,
Pedlar People, Ltd., steel culvert 22 feet x 2A feet,
W. J. Tubman, burying a dog,
W, J. Killoran, inspecting bridges yuyon and ('reek dam,
H. Beattie, repairing bridge on
10th con. line,	3.50 |anothf>r.
J. I). Bussell, supplies T. Black, 26.05 Conviction Is the effect of our own El wood Mackav, 2 sheep killed	I dispassionate reasoning, either In soil-
by dogs, *30 ; 6 lambs *44,	7S.00 tude 0r weighing within ourselves, dis-
Also that the bill of W. .1. Tubman ff)i passionately, what we hear from otk-rulling mads lie laid over for considéra-1 epSe landing uncommitted In argu-
It was one of the
lea
frew, writes my shoulders for over a year. I used
two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness C. McCabe, H. M. 1>. No. 5, Renfrew, 4i I was troubled with rheuma-
Beware of Sharks
f last meeting read and t couns. McLellan
more
The regulations of the Canada Food }>* an I seem to have opened up to sharks and crooks a new method of swindling the all-all-too-confiding and non-suspi-residents of the rural districts. Instances are reported where some of those slick gents, reprissenting them-Govermucnt officials, have suv-
Rku. Hoimiixs. Secretary
May 11, IMS
Now. after some
have been stolen, we are
horses
it tempting to lock the stable door. Federal and Provincial Governments taking an Increasingly active inin both lire prevention an !
ifforestation. but Ontario has been the slowest of all he provinces to fall into line 3ver 97 per cent, of the woodlands u Canada are estimated to be Government owned, the situation Is argely under their control.
Put the unfortunate part about the forest situation is that we cannot -nproduce trees with the facility that ve can grain, as. according to Prof.
It takes 60 to 120 years for
As some
writes
tisnt for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 lisant St., Renfrew, writes:44! was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottle* of your \ ic-tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me."
Mr. 1>. M. Robertson, Renfrew I have not had an attack of,
TEACHER WANTED
*330.00
30.00
Futile Disputes.
In stating prudential rules for our 13.00 ! government In society, I must not omit 17.22 j [b* important one of never entering I Into dispute or argument with another.
Instance of one of
ire
clous
terest
strange to say
Teacher holding Elementary Diploma for Davidson School, to teach ten months ending June 80 particulai s ipply to
JOHN V. HOWARD,
Sec.-Treasurer, Davidson I*. ()., Que
As
1919.	For
< • i ded m relieving people of theii coin on the accusation that in serving them
71.00
I never saw an l .oo | two disputants convincing the other
by argument.
I have seen many, on their getting becoming rude and shooting one
to meat the host or hostess had violated the Food Law, and had, therefore, rendered themselves liable to a tine, which forthwith demanded ; and it the
UH)
oi
warm
itv >
asthma or coughing since 1 took the fourth doues of your remedy."
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-villv Drug Co., Shaw ville, Que ; Cou-longe.Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que.; .1. L. IhChester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta-or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per tattle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover |K>stage.
WAX
full amount was not procurable, such the victim had in hand was

L>rnow
\ forest crop to mature
cent, of the land area of
CAUTION
sum as
i. n i by way "t compromise.
People will ta well advised to ta on their guard for swindlers of this type, and if any of the breed should invade their premises they should have no hesitation in kicking them off the farm if they fail to produce documentary authority for wlmt they pretend to represent.
Rest assured the Food Board is not resorting to the questionable expe dient of employing emissaries and spies to ascertain what the countryfolk arc serving on their tables asks is reasonable economy and the d da nee of food waste ; also that there shall be no hoarding up of surplus foodstuffs, such as sugar and flour, to the deprivation of others who
uxty per
ho Dominion is held to be more suit-xble for tree production than agrl-tti e is ample room for tor-
While the present
To Automobile Drivers.
¦	oient ourselves
Motion—Killoran and Henderson j njieg which, above all others, made
That Win Beattie and M. 1\ Shinto ta Doctor Franklin the most amiable of appointed valuators in connection ' th me0 in 80Ciety, “never to contradict llic sheep compensation fund instc * ol anybody.” If he was urged to an-John Lucas and .1. P. C«M»ncy.	j aounce an opinion, he did It rather
Motion-Graham and Horner Hut asking questions, as If for Infor-lots 19 c, range :t. and part of lot *-a, Latlon, or by suggesting doubt»— range 4, be formed into a road division, Xhomaa Jefferson
their road to comprise that part of the |	_
4th con. line from Dods line to the Stewart line.
Motiotfl______________________ ____ _	.
That we have the deeds drawn and | Terrible Ivosses Caused In Recent
payment made at once for the different gravel pits bought, and that the Mayor l Secretary ta* hereby authorized to sign the same.
Motion— McLellan and Vamptall —
That the Secretary order the following In extent. We are now awakening to steel culverts for immediate delivery :	-he fact that we were largely l ving
.   *> w "g.	I»*
luring the last few years have demonstrated the fact that while our forest resources are still enormous they are by no means unlimited. In .Pact, ao far as timber for lumber-
be,'. I mM. I nducing purpose, is concerned, we Prmg on	extension legisla-
tor th»t -e »r* grxduxlly ap- {*“*““ thf ^rangement to put off
aft#
jne year after full demobilization.
turn
•ulture
>st cultivation veneration of Canadians will not be the beneficiaries, that twice or thrice -ernoved will be. At any rate, because of our waste, we owe Mine-hing to posterity.
In accordanoe with a resolution | Missed by the Municipal Council of Shaw ville May 9th, instant, all drivers of motor vehicles air hereby notified that violation of the municipal by-law. which restricts the speed of such vehicles to twelve miles an hour within the corporation limits, will ta looked after and the offenders prosecuted and fines unloosed as présentai! by the said resolu-
By order,
S. K. HUDGINS,
Sec.-Treas
wa

on
A War-time Story
For Service
"The Ontario Legislature saved 12.000,000 by deferring the Provin-•ial general election until one year if ter demobilization of the Canadian irmy is complete/* This is the estimate of a prominent Government of-1cial who stated that previous to ‘he declaration of a political truce liitil after the war he had been busy preparing for a war-time election, to be held in June next. It was also earned that the political parties had voted very wisely in calling off the ‘lection, because arrangements for ‘aking the vote could not possibly lave been completed before June, the nonth decided upon by the Government for the verdict at the polls.
The Government still has power to
election any time, not-
BVRN1NG VP CANADA
Purebred (Registered) Shorthorn Dur ham Bull “ Red Morning.” purchased from (». E. Morden & Sons. Oakville. Ont Service fee-».VU0.RAfipl£ to ^
R R No. 2, Shawvlile
Horner and McLellan
turn
All the Board
Years by Forest Fire#.
At one time It was the proud boast of Canadians that in the forests of the country was a supply of commercial timber practically unlimited
Shaw ville, May 11, 1914
av
an
are m
need
24
1—20
Dr. Boland has been Released
Stop The Losses
24
1 — 24
Motion—Campbell and Henderson That this Council do now adjourn.
G T. Drummond,
A telegram re
London, May 14 eeived \ eaterdaj fn Doctor H. S. Be
I am released. Writing.
land says
Dr. Behind, who w is for * sh >rt time postmaster general in the Laurier ad ministration, has been interned in Ger many since shortly after the war began, having been taken prisoner when Bru< sells fell into the hand.** of the Huns.
News has come from him at intervals, but all efforts to secure his release hitherto were unsuccessful.
During his imprisonment Dr. Reland’a t<H.k wife ill and died in Belgium, but he was not allowed t attend her funeral.
8
ire
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Copenhagen i» used differently | \ from ordinary chewing tobacco Take a amal pinoh. for a start and put it belt and gum. in the centre
Afterwards you can increase the size of the pdncti to suit the strength of the Chew you desire.
i\>penihagwn is strong, because the tobacco of which it is madte is cut into fine grain#, which makes it Impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.
lienee a tit tie 'tpiroch” gne# a long way. showing that Oofienhagen is not end y an unusually econom ical chew, but a!wo one of the ftmeet quaJity, being made of the best, old. rich, high-flavored tobacco.
A Farmer often losses enough on a single sale of Cattle on the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to pay for a
tile lower Mp
visit her or wen
way
ars
wiped out by tire
has made a personal Inspection of the forest resources of Northern Canada is authority for the statement that in that part of the country 16.000,000.000 feet, board measure,
)f spruce and pine has been destroyed during the last thirty-year period Through fire waste alone more timber had been destroyed in the Dominion than had been felled by the i in gentry go| woodsman’s axe for ordinary com- uted him. The noncommissioned or-mercial purposes. This Is nothing iCer returned the salute---blissfiil.y short of appalling when we take Into gnorant of the fact that his Lionel account the fact that the primary vaa an eye witness. Next morning forest products of the country have a I he was ordered to report to Loi. B -, value of approximately $175.000.000 nd he wa* asked why he returned m mi ally and the output Is being | 5, salute, knowing full well he was
imperiled through a waste that Is ,<,• entitled to It.
I He promptly answered:	Sir, ! al-
return everything I am not en-
Renfrew Truck Scale
Food Board says You may hold 25 pounds of Flour
Returned.
One night a noncommissioned offl-•er of the Second Canadian continrent (now in France), when entering he gate of Exhibition Camp. Toron-¦ mistaken by a new recruit who immediately sa-
The only way to stop lorses is to weigh everything you sell and everything you buy, and the handiest Scale for the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
---SCALE--------
Weighs anything and everything from 1 lb. to 2,000 lbs-
Cream Separators, Truck and Household Scales, Gasoline and Kerosene Engines, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws, Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Frio-ticn Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps, Pump Jackets, Hangers, Bearings, Wood Pulleys, Belting, Two second baud Separators at a bargain.
A statement issued by the Canada Food Board on Friday last nays
44 An order has been issued by the Canada Food Board setting foith cer tain conditions under which persons may ta allowed to hold lour in excess of the limited amounts prescribed by
the order of April 25.
41 It is provided that a bona fide farm ur may hold, subject to the order of the Canada Food Board, the amount of flour made wholly or in |wrt from wheat which he may have in his possession in of the amounts prescritaxi by the order of April 25, on the condition that, on or before June 15, he report to the miller or dealer from whom it was purchased, or by whom it was manufactured, the excess amount held by him. It shall then be the duty of such miller or dealer to re;*>rt all such holdings to the Canada Food Board, on forms to
and at such times as the may prescribe.
o
NOTICE

To whom it may concern	.... *...««
Mt the well-known lumberman. has more than once declared within the past year that ’It will be jnly a few years when lumbering will œ so reduced that, except west of the Rocky Mountains, it will be a very (mall industry Indeed In Canada ' White pine, which was long the wading commercial tree of Canadian forests. Is supplying less lumber than
"ays t led to. '
The colonel eady wit, dismissed him—Exchange

Edwards
I hereby forbid anyone dumping gar bage or dirt of any kind in the kiln-pot, east end of Khawville. Parties living in the vicinity have lodged complaints, so I have decided to stop a continuation of what has become a public nuisance.
All parties disregarding this notice will leave themselves liable to punishment.	J. F. DALE
Khawville, May 13, 1918
pleased with his
H. E. MITCHEM - Agent
New Mexico has a lizard which i# rated to squirt blood from its eyes.
be supplied, Food Board
###PAGE###5###
n my shell and built an iron wall iround my affections to keep out sor-
•ow.
THE EQUITY,
This lw the store that van supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tinware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a tall
What wouldn't I five dow to have had sorrow ! Many’s lie time I've envied my friend with i deed child. Fain and Joy go hand n hand. Deaden your capacity for me and you lose the other. Today I'd •ether have had a year er no with • woman I had loved and have lost her ;hau to be what I am—a lonely, child-ess, wifeless, friendless old man."
I read the paragraph over. And hen I took It to a man 1 know—I call iltn sometimes, to myself, the philosopher.
“! think," he told me, "that the •easonlog is quite right 1 "There's an old proverb that *rs the whole 'thin*. 1 think, letter to have loved and lost •ever to have loved at all F The word love' isn't the only one that will ûi nto that proverb. You can put live n place of love, or ‘known’ or felt F 'l think," I said, "that you’re right Tie better," I mused, "to have l!ve4 so have known, to have loved—and
"I warn a fool!
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Lees Interests.
Published every Thursday
Shiwville, County Pontiac, Quo.
FLEET FOOT
uv isciuPTiotr, |l a Year in Advanck.
or All arrears must be paid up before any p &per le discontinued,
AOVRRTÎSÎNO RATES.
Satisfactorily dont).
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
For every member
of the Family
Legal advertising, 10 cent» per lino for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each «ubHequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #5.00per year.
Lojal announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion *nd 8cent* for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged rot accordingly.
Birth, m irriage and death notices pub JUhe l free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G. W. DALE
%
thah
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
For ease,* comfort, attractiveness and down right economy, wear
Shoes
Wear them all the time-for work and play—
for business and pleasure.
Easy, comfortable fit for any foot.
See window for styles.
Foot
Fleet
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
“Yon know," said the philosopher, •that every chance Isn’t a lésiné rhance. Some people live and knew ind feel and love without losing I"
JOB PRINTING.
41! kinH* of Job Printing neatly find
Orders by mail
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
-cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
High Individual Morale.
The reason why morale la necessary n times of pouce us well ns In war la hut the morale of no array can Le ilgher than the Individual morale of he men, declares San Antonio Light* fherefore the very best soldiers ar# hose recruited from civil life who lave every day morale—the men who lo things, who stand fearlessly for ehat they believe to be right, who ire undismayed by opposition and apparent defeat, and who accept life's frlbulntlons calmly, patiently and with 'ortitude.
Men of that stripe cannot be stampeded or confused In military affairs, mce they have been trained as mot-tiers, Just as In every-day life they iannot be kept down by circumstance* fhey are Individually Invincible and teuce when organised Into an army, hey are militarily Invincible.
Therefore when you read of an army military unit with a high morale
Professional Cards.
Custom Sawing.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
SURGEON DENTIST
. Qu*.
Something we have Waited all Spring for
Campbell* Bat • ¦
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surger)
Ooc^r<ofl>entaierslirg*ry. University of
t, l c e n't ! ni70 f I )" u t â 1 Surgery, Quebec
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv (11) Ottawa Central 9.13, a. in.
Lv(B) “	“ 1.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.30, p. m.
Lv (A) Ottawa 44	8.00, a. m.
Lv Ottawa 14	12.5%, p. m.t Saturday only
Shaw ville—Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shaw ville 7.40, a. m.
Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, [>. m.
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancovver :
Lv (A) Ottawa Broad St. 2.05, a. in.
Rennie's Calf Meal
S. A. MACK AT
50 lb. bag for $3.00.
notary public
Shawvllle,
Que.
Caldwell’s Calf Me al
»r a
mu know that the men In the ranks ind the officer# over them are men of strong, dominant courage who leath calmly In the dlachare military duty and who canid »d nor overawed by the enemy, but must be vanquished. If at all, by ffgh#*
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
»•
e of their t be rout-
eft
25 lb. bag for $1.50.
Ottawa—Pkmbrokb :
Lv (B) Ottawa Rn>ad St. 4.43, p. ra.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. m. on Monday, Wednesday
ADVOCATE, DADDISTE*. to.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
and Saturday.
(A) Daily.
C. F. HODCINS CO. L TD.
(B) Daily except Sunday.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.


utk :
Communlcatlen by Flag#. m Those who have read Cooper's novel. The Pilot," will remember how the American officer Instructed his lady ore to communicate with him by little lags of varied colors. Cooper, with ft novelist's freedom, made his character apply t system which had already >een extensively experimented with In the British and French navies. For after much experimenting combinations of flags of various shapes and colors were gradually developed Into what we call a “code " today. Probably the moat famous flag signal flown was Nelson's at Trafalgar It required a gr^at number of combina* dons of flag* (notais* they afe tecfr alcally called) to spell out: "England expects that every man will do hie fluty."
CEO. G. WRIGHT, K.C.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
ISTER. AO-
A > VOOATE, BAR
196 Main St.
Hull.
We own and offer for sale
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
$450,000.00 CITY OF VERDUN
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large -nothing too small.
If
ll
eve?
but
6°|0 Five Year Bonds close March, st, 923 PRICE : PAR and accrued interest.
Will he in Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Women In India Need Iduoatlen.
At ft meeting of the Woman's India# Study association, Miss Boyd, seerft-:ary In England for the Woman’s Uni* rerslty settlement, Bombay, said that >nly one per cent of Indian worn## :6uid read. She declared the great leed was for the Indian girls to take up the profession of medicine. It iad been stated by an authority that in Indian women In child birth had ess chance than a soldier on the battlefield.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
N. R.—THE CITY OF VERDUN, with its imputation of 30,00(), ranks third in inqiortanee in the province of Quebec. As it is one of the best administered towns on the island of Montreal, its bonds should enjoy a popularity equal to that of the City of Outremont, whose issue of $1,500,000 have just been absorbed by the public in less than two mouth*.
Consult your Notary on the Va’ue of this Investment.
191 MAIN ST.,
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
CEORCE E. MORENCY
I0MINI0X A PR1VIXCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
Yes I We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values,
ALL KINDS OK
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &e.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction of partlss.
& BOULAIS,
VERSAILLES

Limited.
Bankers
NEW YORK’S BURIED WEALTH
Versailles Building, 9 St. James St.
Montreal.
You should see our nice assortment of TIES
for 75 cents.
Millions of Dollars' Worth of Copper, Lead and Other Products Deposited Beneath Street*.
Hull.
102 Wellington St. - -
Phone : Queen 5230.
Tel. Nain 8745-8746.
CEORCE HYNES
Under the streets of New York dty __	_________ I are deposits of copper, lead and other
•HILOSORHY OF MAIN CHANCI I %%	% ZES£
covered throughout the world. Engineers and scientists estimate the amount of copper to be found in the boroughs of Manhattan and Bronx at
l0?ke<l^fa,r^|,We^‘ ,B,Ut i This discovery w,s announced at the looked put the printed page Into • electrical «pœltlon et Grand Centrnl «amp dlmly llebted trolle, car-end	*„ere the Consolidated Tele-
into the heart ef m, friend who feared gr,ph „nd Electrlc 8ubway eompan,
?	had a large exhibit showing a full-size
•ter writes In the Christian Herald. prose section of one of the city's prin-
In the story a wealthy eld becheler d , ^oroughferee. In this mammoth
wan telling his reason for never haw cro„ ^cti^ of earth end rock the
og married.	veins of copper and of lead could be
i	to wonder, he anld, ^^lly traced. Of course, the veins of
•whether there was any adraotag# I# I copper ere.the wlrM carrying the elec-Harrying at all. I saw a let of pee- Wç current for lighting, heating, power pie who were wretchedly ushappy to- IBd commue|Ceyen ,0 every nook end
lether, end even more wretched af ar ^rner of the greet metropolis, while they had dissolved their matrimonial leed „ 08ed to protect the cables.
des. I discovered that marriage use- The street cross section et the elec-slly meant children, anxiety, sick owe trlcml expoiltlon TO fwt long by %
snd death. I took counsel et my team. f#et deep It ihowed tbe locallon cf Why fall In love end marry If by dotof tbe	railway conduite end relia,
y ‘lectrlc service substation, distributing arrows of outrageous fortune? My j itatlon, conduits, splicing chambers, parent* were both d«lad Sorrow ' irltli their unique water draining eye-wouldn't touch me. Why levtte unhnp emg and other lntereeting things that q*ms? If I had no family I ehould | My beneath the streets of New York lave only myself to look out for-te und mark the advanced stage of Its rerry about—and when I died nobody | Hvtlixatton. It took a crew of 20 men
i week to construct this Interesting exhibit
Up-to-date Men’s and Boys’ Ready-
to-wear Suits.
TEACHER WANTED |
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Openallhours.
Lonely Baohelor Realises Mistake In Not Welcoming Beth Joy and Sorrow Into Hie Life.
Teacher wanted for Dias. School No., 1, Dun raven, holding a first or second, claw elementary diploma, and to teach , ten months from August 10th to 30th I June, 1919, with three weeks holidays during the winter. Application, stating salary expected, to be in the hands of the undersigned not later than the 83th May. 1918.
MURRAY BROS
•1
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
UNDERTAKING
and EMBALMING
JAS. CARSWELL.
Sec.-Treasurer, Dunraven, Que.
MARKETFOR
W. J. HAYES
PULPWOOD
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H.Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
TWINE.
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
Paper Fleece Twine may be obtained from the following Places :
LaSalle Bras., Tancredia,
Paul McNally, Campbells Ray,
Robt. Grant, Elmside,
W. A. Moore, Otter Luke,
F. A. Davis, Utiyon,
A. Bretzlaft, Ladysmith, Demonstrator’s Office, Shawville.
Members should make a special effort to obtain this cord and tie their fleeces securely, as fleeces that are not fastened securely become separated and broken and have to be classed as loose wool.
J. L. HODGINS
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOD
aoknt for
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
. QUE.
SHAWVILLE
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and C. N. R. Railways
OAT
I
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR 9 ADVISER,whlcH will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
3tM University SL, Montréal.
irould suffer agon I es of boros vexent so mv account. So I shut naveotf «S
7190
###PAGE###6###
*
Spraying
§ ° US And
Unless many kinds of lx>th useful ami ornamental planta are protected from injurious in sec ta and fungous diseases by spraying, the loss in fruit and vegetable crops may bs very great, and, in the case of ornamental plants which would otherwise have at Pv Ar	tractive foliage and bloom, they may
Th*a Department Is for the use of our farm readers who want the •<**'*¦ he rendered ve»y unsightly
» sjœrjxrsssrstsi evsisreA aresrs	.ro»,r*r«
amped and addresaed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a compl*te H gun j%9t after the buds ha\t *new•r will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publlahlng broken in the spring and repeatetl at Vo,e Ltd., 71 Adelaide St Toronto.	the times recommended in the spray
¦—	calendars and pamphlets which are ie-
The M anuria I Value of Clover. | have shown that a vigorous crop of sued by both Federal and Provincial ri'he amount of semi-decomposed • clover will contain, at a moderate esti- Governments and in which is given invegetable matter or humus present in mate, in its foliage and roots, from formation in regard to the treatment our cultivated soils, sandy and clay 100 to 160 pounds nitrogen, 30 to 46 of the different kinds of insects ami loams, hears an intimate relation to pounds phosphoric acid and 86 to 116 diseases most likely to cause damage, their productive capacity,	pound» potash per acre.	The apple scab causes, perhaps,
Humus not only fullflll# the median A good crop of clover from one acre more loss than any other plant dis-ical function of rendering soils porous if it were turned under may, there- case in Canada, yet this can be coiv and more retentive of moisture, but fore, he deemed equal, in fertilizing trolled and clean fruit obtained, by furnishes also the essential medium value, to an application of ten tons of thorough spraying with either Bor-for the activities of the bacteria which barnyard manure.	deaux mixture or lime sulphur. Oth-
liberates plant food in the soil. Fur-1 In the experiments referred to, 10 er diseases and insects can be kept well therm ore, humus constitutes the chief pounds per acre of common red clover under control also by the spray which natural soun f the soil’s nitrogen wns seeded down with various grain hoe been found beet for each.
crop», while adjoining plots wore seed- Spraying is a rather expensive op Applications of barnyard manure ed with grain alone. In no instance eration ami it should be done in an inmay be considered the chief means em-1 did the growth of clover depress the telligent manner, otherwise it may be ployed in the maintenance of humus yield of grain with which it was seed- j wasted money. For instance, if the in the soil. Supplementary means ed
are the growing and ploughing in of a In the following year, fodder corn affect» the apple, is not applied with-green cover-crop such as rye, buck- (Learning) produced 8 tons, 480 In a very few days after the flowers wheat, rape, vetches or clover. Of pounds more after wheat with clover fall, the sepals or lobes of the calyx these, ciover —where conditions are than after wheat without clover. After will have dosed over the opening or conducive to its satisfactory growth barley and oats, increases of 11 tons, “calyx cup" in the end of the apple is to be generally preferred. By means j 1280 pounds and 6 tons, 1440 pounds into which it is important to spray the of its deeply ramifying roots, clover respectively, of corn, per acre, were poison. As it is in the “calyx cup" disintegrate® and aerates the lower obtained on the clover plots.	I'
soil layers and brings up therefrom ! With potatoes the results were they are not likely to be poisoned if plant food supplies unattainable by equally striking. After wheat, bar- spraying is delayed ami the apples will other more shallow rooted crops. • ley and oats with clover the increase* be wormy. A «pray mixture or eolu-An additional advantage which do- ' were, respectively, 43 bushels, 20 tion which wA\ control one insect or in common with all members of pounds; 29 bushels 40 pounds ami 24 disease may he of little or no use in the legume family, possesses is that of bushels of potatoes, per acre, as com- controlling another. Arsenical poi- | its ability to assimilate the free nitro- pared with the yields from adjoining sons are the beet for biting insects, ! gen of the soil atmosphere by means plots without clover.	while soap or tobacco sprays are best
of minute bacterial organisms living The full benefits from clover will as for those which suck their food and , and operating in small nodules on its a rule be noticeably persistent for sev- which have to be killed by contact, and j roots. Thus clover gathers the great- eral years.	certain sprays intended to kill insects
er part of its nitrogen from the air,1 On soils which are deficient in linu will not control fungous diseases, and its phosphoric acid, potash and a satisfactory growth of clover will he Get the spray pamphlets and study lime largely from soil depths beyond encouraged by an application of, say, them carefully before spraying, hut the reach of the roots of ordinary two tons of ground limestone per acre, spray and spray thoroughly! crops, consequently enriching the sur- As a phosphatic fertilizer, designed to face soil with these constituents for the benefit of succeeding crops.
How does clover compare with manure as a fertilizer? nure of good average quality contains approximately 10 pounds nitrogen, 5 pounds phosphoric acid and 10 pounds potash per ton
of barnyard manure would furnish
zl 1
s '

1
XL

I¦
at-

It

%
V


Jr'
i
ii



l
%
Ya
Z
>
E :
rt
¦t*
* :
?
tvAV

JTheBeard that
Grows Outdoors
supply

\
spray to kill the codling moth, which
j on the face of an a dive, vigorous man, is a very different razor ' test from the beard which grows at a desk or behind a counter.
That’s why three years’ service in the trenches has done more than ten years’ use in the cities to single out, for real, stiff shaving, the
where most of the insects begin work, '
Gillette Safety Razor
ver
The man who doesn’t get time to shave every morning—whose beard grows thick, sun-cured and wiry—he’s the one who gets the most solid satisfaction out of his Gillette.
Such an edge as it offers you—always ready without honing stropping ! How easy it is to adjud it, with a turn of the screw handle, for a light or close shave, or a tough or tender skin ! How neatly it works round that awkward comer of the jaw ! And how good it feels as it slips through the diffest beard you can put it up against !
There’s certainly a treat waiting for you the day you buy a Gillette I Why not make it soon ?
Gillette Safety Razor Co. of Canada, Limited
Office and Factory : 65-73 St• Alexander Street.
or
Killing Potato Beetles
benefit both the	the
300 pounds of superphosphate or 600 Spraying potato vines for the pur-pounds of basic slag, per acre, may be poat of killing Colorado beetles should
be done as soon as the work of the
Barnyard ma
Unleached wood ashes contain, on insect is noticed an average, from 4 to 6 per cent, of insect is not hard to control potash, about 2 per cent, of phos part of Paris green mixed with 20 to phorlc acid and from 20 to 30 per 30 parts of air-slaked lime or flour, cent, of lime
This destructive
One
Therefore 10 tons
They are eminently and used II a dust spray, affords the about 100 pounds nitrogen, 60 pounds suitable as n fertilizer for clover and, best results on young plants. It pôhosphoric acid and 100 pounds pot- when procurable at a reasonable price,! should be used when the dew is on, by *sh.	should be applied at the rate of from means of powder guns or dust-spray
Experiments conducted at the 26 to 40 bushels (1000 to 1600 pounds) machines.
Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa,
The Paris green spray, -spared by mixing one pound of Paris green with 76 to 126 gallons of water and adding one pound of quicklime to the mixture, makes an effective spray spray will burn vines if the quicklime is omitted.
per acre
320

This

“Mangels are the most valuable A years effort may be lost by neg- crop on the farm; they are one of lecting brood mares at foaling time,	the best	feeds we know for making	tion of thia 8Pr°y u bucket pump or
In view of the time it takes to produce	records,"	says the manager of	a suc-1	knapwick sprayer of good quality is
a foal, nobody can afford to neglect the	cessful dairy farm. “We feed	a cow	efficient for use in small gardens, but
mare and foal, even if it means stay-	weighing	1,300 pounds or	1,400	on a ^rge scale a potato sprayer
ing up for a few nights.	pounds, about forty pounds of man- draWT1 by horses through the row* of	__________
JFSLrzj£‘£ sst	,ff, je *E2rrs — «h. —
possible, sometime l>efore they foal,	five acres of the long red variety, be-	PurPose as Paris green, one	pound	if not, It will be answered personally	If stamped, addressed	envelope Is en-	m<?!.e	°[ lese for
As soon after birth as possible the	cause we receive the greatest tonnage	combined with 15 to 20 gallons	of wa-	* V1,*^ Çf* Currier will not prescribe	for Individual cases or	make diagnosis.	Pitiable, indeed, is the lot of the war
foal’s navel should be tied and disin-1 from those and they are the sweet-1 fcer ***** more adhesive. It sticks! c	Andrew F. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co.. 73 Adelaide baby, with all that is included in the
footed with iodine or some other good est."	more firmly to the leafage, and is	" oron °*	.thought; and how thankful Canadian
disinfectant. See that the foal’s di- A deep, well manured, thoroughly much Ie99 Kkely to produce scorching Pre-Natal Instruction of Mothers. ed are the virile, the active the repro !	ar®v pregnant' sh<>uld
gestive apparatus and kidneys are in prepared seed W ie used. The than the Paris green spray.	I We have only begun to consider the ducers.	j that they have been spared many of
52MS. .*“¦	set it* fzirz l SK «5 ssas z^sa stA xærszz 1 sas? -
Mares, after foaling, should be weeds while the plants are getting a	^ee"	harvesW vrill a,d in redoc- i. now	engaged.	the brim whh Wild	bi^tl^Z with
given water, not too cold and not in start. The seeds are drilled with a lng 1 ie num K‘r (>f hibernating l>eetles. We see how it has not only slaugh- suffering of every description -what too large quantity. The ration for garden drill in rows three feet apart,	*	—	tered millions of men, but has de- is the chance for their unborn off-
two or three days should be compara- as soon in spring as the seeds can be If there were a dehydrating populated country after country.	spring?
tively light, and similar in nature to put in the ground. As soon as pos- (evaporating) plant in every commun- We can as yet scarcely realize the What will he their inevitable in-that fed before foaling. A sound,	sible the mangels are cultivated with	ity, thousands of bushels of potatoes,	ghastly effect it has had upon com-	heritance, physically	and mentally?
Dure-bred stallion should be used if the	a specially constructed hand cultiv-	etc., might be saved that may	other-	munitiee where the civil population ie	Only recently has the	importance of
bout results are to be obtained with ator. The first cultivation is the wise go to waste this spring.	worn and weakened with woe and instructing expectant mothers in the w*l*<* you bear is produced by the
next year’s colt. A low service fee is all-important tiling with mangels. If	__ . anxiety, and where there is, and will hygiene of pregnancy been recognized com,bined action of nuid and air m the
too often the deciding factor with you give them a fair start they will .	, r ne .K]â	•	- continue to be, hunger, thirst and nak- aa part of the duty of the Health De-1 #U)mach- ,It, often comea in 00n"
many mare owners in the selection of keep down the weeds themselves. |	f poasmie, uie interior nx- ftllvW(	parUnent.	¦ nection w^fch indigestion, and is not
A Wisconsin farmer for several years above ground when mature.	Some	men who are being killed and invalid- are neglected or abused	would dispel the gas.
bred his mares to a grade stallion. He years they have made from fifty- ------------------------------------= Why should there be a different re-1 Tl B-““lt “ generally supposed
finally decided to patronize a pure- seven to fifty-eight tons to the acre. ¦"--	- .1	1	suit when the pregnant female is a '8tyefl the reault of inf^ion. If
bred. Some time after he held an Roots were used in making nine of I FUNNY	Ibl D1 W	I woman?	the bowels are kept freely open, and
to °”»I I CUT OUT AND CoTo ON POTTCO L.NCS ’ |
•ire, sold for $37, $55 end $76 a head	-»------	j	m,=> , jo. »‘“ \”L ""	'	" I condition of being physiological it is r*,ieve 0,6 trouble.
respectively, while weanlings from the	J.	true, but as liable to mishap, a^d de-, „	,	_
same mares, sired by a purebred stal- / Jj*f/ljfawrangement as the performance of a y tumor of abdomen by
lion, averaged $101 each. Several	# IjUM*KMVr J	other function—digestion or assimila- X raysî
Wisconsin farmers purchased z	M v L |	tion, for instance,
bred stallion	service j	must be
fee at $26—$10 more than any com- tifully fed with nutritious, feed, care petàtor. A three-year-old gelding must be taken not to overfeed. Over ired by him was sold to a dealer for feeding is often worse than under 626, and not one went for less than feeding
For the proper mixing ami applies
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
If women would realize this sacred trust, how much more they would get from this most beautiful of all physiological conditions, and they would bring into the world children who
By Andrew F. Currier, M.D
Hi
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
J. B.—If you will send stamped and addressed envelope full particulars regarding eczema will be mailed to
tax
you
A Farmer’s Son.—1
The noise
a sire. A low fee is usually a sign of an inferior stallion.
Colts from inferior
i
X.R.—Is it possible to cure a fibroid
means of
I Answer—I think I may say quite
The mother shares her blood current	that it is not. . The only
with her unborn child, and whatever R »uccee«ful way of treating them
contains is contributed to the child's 1 have *ound in a lon* surgical expert
ence, i# by removing them.
I An unhealthy mother in body, mind, Ntre* ^ Ee	—Is rheumatism some
or morals, cannot help impressing tim€8 referred to as “growing pains?" upon her chHd more or less of her Answer—It is possible; but if that peculiarities.	is the case, it is incorrect. I doubt
Wherefore, disease or emotional j* there ** &*? such Üung as "grow, shock, or strain, of any kind, ie quick- j *n£ peins»" ly communicated to her child, often with a fatal result.
A pregnant woman should realize
4%
life
I
/
e

225
Neats of sitting hens must be so situated that the hens can go on and “Our business in life ie not to got off at will. Vnder no circumstances j ahead of other people, but to get must these nests be in the regular hen ahead of ourselves."
rr
house, unless one wishes to fight lice ' from the moment the chicks are bom. "Not only to say the right thing in Keep plenty of feed and water con-the right place, but far more difficult atantly before the broodies, and do •till, to leave unsaid the wrong thing ! not annoy them any more than Is ! ¦t the tempting moment.”—Sala
*:
Make Money by Boarding Pets.
; A country boy or girl, if he or she not only that she ie carrying a child loves to care for animals, may com-which is going to belong to her, hut bine profit and pleasure by keeping mtê to the state and to the world

V\*
strictly necessary.
Be on the lookout for hidden neats Hens that are on range are very likely to hide their nests at this time of the year, and thus many eggs are lost Do a little house cleaning. Get a broom and sweep down the cobwebs ! and gather up all the dirty litter and dropping# that will be found on the floor. Droppings that accumulate on the dropping boards should be cleaned up at least once a week. Spray th$ house every month with a coal-tar product, like zenoleum, which will not only destroy vermin, but which will kill all disease germ* that may be lurking round.
some city child’s pets during the far-If she hae this feeling, she will try ily's summer vacation or while away very hard to take proper care of her

%

WANTED
POULTRY, I
EGOS and I FEATHERS I
on a trip.
City people will pay well for good care given to prized pets during their absence. A Shetland pony, a canary, Angora cat or a fine blooded dog will prove a pleasant companion for the boy or girl on the farm, and require# little outlay for food.
If the animals are in first-class condition when the owner comes to claim them, he will recommend the keep^ to his city friends, and in this way a good paying business can soon be worked up.
I
•elf
At her daily task she will spare her eelf as much as possible for the sake of her child ; she will eat food that can he readily digested so that her child wiH have its proper share; she will try to get plenty of sleep; she will try to avoid worry, and exposure to wet and cold; she will not give way to anger, fear and hatred; and she will often consider that she is the only protector her child can have while she is carrying him within her body.
i

Highest Prises PsId
I
r
pt
i
P. POULIN A CO.

i
i
i
SMOKE TUCKETTS
TX B PLUG
“Your work's disgraceful,” teacher said, “You really can’t be bright.”
But Willie folded up the board
And *howed that he was right
a
###PAGE###7###
I <•
'
tho necessary length and strength for ailerons; 2.8 per cent. Is fit for the I wing beams; 4.6 per cent, for the long struta and the same for the landing gear. The balance can only be used for riba and the smaller fittings.
These figures show why America's vast lumber resources are being strained to the limit to build our air fleet. They explain also why it has been necessary for the United States u to take over the whole spruce output as agent for the combined Allied program and eliminate the ruinous competition which had prevailed among the English, French and Italian Governments."
War and Population.
Theories as to the underlying causes of the great war are as nuI merous as guesses regarding the time when the end may come, and hardly a week passes that some person whose position gives his words more or less weight does not offer explanations on the subject. One of the latest is from Dr. C. Killick Millard, medi-" jeal officer for Leicester, England, who
o
CONSTIPATION

Is the most common ailment of the age, one responelble for many serious and often fetal diseases.
YES! MAGICALLY! CORNS LIFT OUT
WITH FINGERS


A,

>
O O-O—O
/
\

/
You say to the drug store man Give me a small bottle of freezone.
This will cost very little but will,**.™;
positively remove every hard or soft Throughout the worlds history corn or callus from one's feet.	j overflowing population* have been a
A few drop* of this new ether com- fruitful cause of political unrest and
war. Germany s mad dream of world in_ supremacy was fostered and encour-
X
PURGATIVE WATER
/
%
1» the saJeet, surest and most economical remedy for its cure. It flushes the intestines and removes the accumulated waste matter which undermines health and endangers life.
On Sale everywhere:	25 cents the bottle.
9

%
I
CTI
1
I
MADE
i

IN
i
i
RIGA PURGATIVE
mn w-r.*-m *yI
CO
MONTREAL.
CANADA

S9IE
in
i
pound applied directly upon a tender aching corn relieves the soreness stantly, and soon the entire corn or »*#d bX her rapid Increase of popula-callus, root and all, dries up and can tion during the last, fifty years. If
be lifted^ with the fingers.	|the faI1 in the birth rttte had aet in
This new way to rid one's feet of earlier -latest returns show that it is
corns was introduced by a Cincinnati only slightly greater than in England
—the present war might have been avoided.”
'3
THE MAKING OF
_ The wounded Tommy was sitting
AN A IK PI A NF uP in bed when tb* nur,<e brought him
illlll L/lliL his tea. He stared at his plate, and
¦ r/
&i
Up-to-Date
Models
/
i
AIWS UOALV*i
No PÔ
just as the nurse was leaving him, he said:
man, who says that freezone dries in a moment, and simply shrivels up the corn or callus without irritating the surrounding skin.
Don’t let father die of infection or
THOUSANDS OF OPERATIONS ARB NECESSARY.
"Oh, I say! Who ever put the butter on this bread?”
"Why, I did,” returned the nurse indignantly.
Tommy went rather red, and stammered :
Celery and peas are not recommend-	P ed for small gardens, but runner
, , .	,	. UAII ,	Buy your out-of-town supplies with beans will produce well for the space
lockjaw /rom whittling at his corns, Dominion Express Money Orders, they occupy.
but clip this out and make him try it. I Five Dollars costs three cents If your druggist hasn’t any free- 1 zone tell him to order a small bottle from his wholesale drug house for
MONEY ORDERS
Some Details of the Intricate Factors Entering Into the Manufacture of Warplanes.

FO» 1AM ______________
\1T EKKLY NEWSPAPER IN WEST ? ? tin Ontario. Doing a good business. Death of owner places It on the market. A great chance for a man with cash. Apply I3ox 12. Wllaon Publishing Co Limited. Toronto.
Oh, pardon, nurse, but— well, who scraped it off again
"I
Kernel Wheat to Front.
Little buns of barley,
Little rolls of rye Send wheat across the ocean To every good ally.
7»*
you
The time, labor and material which
go into the making of a warplane are	WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR
thus met forth by Lieutenant Colonel	- I	.	,	.	,
“sz&At " ~j3sr “"
EH=—
sas &„,¦ : FiFrs f =' F—— — “-1 “y ""
plane 28,000 screw* are said to be «f orchard white then .hake well needed.) Somehow a plane looks so a.nd you have a whole quarter pint of
.imnU	en «rrAcofiillv 8*m and complexion lotion at about Canada imports annually, canned
f » thn oir that \%/. inc» «Il the C09t one usually pays for a small ; sardines valued at over $100,000. The
S "»*•<•* «LrtTLSf ST. 2 S KftrKU'. SZ SS. K
a	gets into the bottle, then this lotion United Kingdom and Portugal, in the
will remain pure and fresh for order named. Oddly enough, only 20 months. When applied daily to the per cent, of the New Brunswick catch figures of the material which is re- face, neck, arms and hands it should is canned in this country. The required for one of the simpler training help to bleach, clear, smoothen and maining 80 per cent, is shipped to planes. For instance, 921 steel beautify the skin.	*	Maine to be canned by American can-
stampings must be cut out, 798 forg- j Any druggist will supply three ners. The Canada Food Board is at ings cast and 276 turn-buckles, all for ounces of orchard white at very little 1 present taking active steps to have
cost and the grocer has the lemons. these fish canned in Canada. If this
Is done it will be, obviously, a distinct advantage to Canadian consumers.
LEMONS MAKE SKIN
*
Easy Enough
VV
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER and Job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried $1 600 Will go for 11.200 on quick sale. Box ##. Wilson Publishing Co Ltd.. Toronto.
Keep Mlnard'e Liniment In the house.
¦>(
Did you ever stop to think that a farmer is a laborer and a capitalist? If he is to continue in that double capacity he needs a proper return from
2
f 1 RANITE CUTTERS ANI) LKT-XZ terers wanted. Write Geo. M. Paul 166 Victoria at.. Harnla.

n
/
These is something very attractive about this smart little suit.||||||||||||||||||| trousers and suspenders can be made of blue, and the little blouse of white.
Tommy Tucker Suit to 6 years
A Cure for
The
« eme
Canada Should Can Sardines
Bad Breath
LIQUIDS
RESTES
Pattern No. 8168, Boy's j
In 3 sizes;
“Bad breath is a sign of decayed teeth, foul stomach or unclean bowel." if your teeth are good, look to your digestive organs at once. Get Seigel't Curative Symp at druggists. 15 to 30 drops after meals, clean up your food passage and stop the bad breath odor. 50c. and $1.00 Bottles. Do not buy substitutes. Get the genuine.
Price, 15 cents

1
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
Must Use Little Metal

Just recently we have received some
6
IN
8
6
SHOE POLISHES
a single machine.
Think, then, of the hundreds of thousands of such pieces needed for
BUCH.WHm/MN DARK BROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOES
PRESERVE«h* LEATHER _
CUT1CURA HEALS ITCHING ECZEMA
P(.re.
Vjm I
To a Butterfly.
the thousands of planes in the Ameri- ]’ve watched you now a full half-hour, can program and of how utterly hope- Self-poised upon that yellow flower; less for us the situation would be if. And little Butterfly! indeed those parts were not standardized, \ know not if you sleep or feed, turned out by machinery in tens of How motionless! not frozen seas thousands, and usable in scores of More motionless! and then different factories on any kind of What joy awaits you, when the breeze plane. The reduction of aircraft Has found you out among the trees, manufacture to the simplest, stand- And calls you forth again! ardized quantity production basis has	—William Wordsworth,
been one America's great triumph* in the air and an achievement which very soon will be making itself felt.
Any banana can bç used for making marmalade.
mrfmjii como*tk>wsm
CANADA
m
So Bad Could Not Sleep. Red With Water Blisters and Burning.
Antotifaop
mm
SMOKE TUCKETTS
m
Fti
a
T&B CUT
'
• • va*
*T had eczema so bad I could not sleep. It first started on my arm, then I had it on my body so that 1 could hardly wear my clothes, and I had to stay in bed. My flesh was dark red with water blisters, and burning and itching.
"Everything I tried seemed to make me worse, and I had the trouble for nearly two years. I read about Cuti-cura Soap and Ointment, and 1 got them. They did me good right away, and now I am entirely healed." (Signed) Mrs. Peter McIntosh, French River, Ont., April 10, 1917.
How often such distressing, disfiguring akin troubles might be prevented by every-day use of Cuticura Soap and Ointment for all toilet purposes.
For Free Sample Each by Mail address poet-card: "Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. S. A.” Sold everywhere.
ABSORBine
A* TRADE MAflKMC.U.S.PATOfF.
Minard i Liniment Lumberman's Friend.

Worse Than He Realized.
It is told of Rufus Choate, the famous U S. lawyer, that on one occasion he appeared in court in behalf of a certain blacksmith whose tools and stock-in-trade had been seized by a 1 creditor..

But metal must be used in an airplane as little as possible. It is altogether too heavy, especially when a few extra pounds make all the margin in speed between victory and defeat. An engine of 300 horsepower
is in itself enormously heavy to rise n into the air; so that the rest of the1 ASo Powerfully did the great advo-
machine must attain the very acme of <’ate. dePlct wrong that he con-lightne-<*	tended had been done to his client and
so vivid was his description of the extent to which the forge had been stripped, that the blacksmith, who sat near by, was observed to burst into tears.
will reduce inflamed, swollen Joints, Sprains. Bruises, Soft Bunches; Heals Boils, Ppll zx	Evil.Quittor,Fistula and
Infected sores quickly '»s it is a positive antiseptic
V11L^JjLfx and germicide. Pleasant to |H	\ we» does not blister or remove
A «he hair, and you can work ib< bofK, {[yJ X	S2.10 per bottle, delivered.
Book 7 R free.
ABSORBINE. JR .«he antim»uc liniment for mankjnd. reduces falnful. Swollen Veins, Wens. Strains. Brutaesi •tops pain and indammatlon. Price 11.2$ per bottle a# dealers or delivered. Will tell you more If you write* Liberal Trial Bottle for Uk In Stamps.
W. F. YOUNG. P. 0. Fi.SlSlrieaas IMf.,Montreal, Cam. ibsvrbloe sod Absorbiez Jr., ire made la Catudi,
I
..
Hv
1
• •

£
//
i

The Strain Exerted
\
That very lightlies*, however, en-of tails enormous strength and perfect adjustment
which i, exerted on every wire and ..wh T „ 8aid a eympwthetic
nnl. every inch oflinen and every bit friend, «what’, the matter with you ? of wood as this 300-horsepower roech-1 what are you crying about?” amsm rushes through the air at 150
miles an hour! Cyclones often do not go as fast, and we can easily picture what happens to a strongly built house when the air strikes it at that speed.
Smart, indeed, is tunic dress satin. The front has a vest effect, which is most becoming. McCall Pattern No. 8139, Ladies’ Dress. In 6 sizes, 34 to 44 bust. Price, 20 cents.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond SL, Toronto, Dept. W.
Think of the strain
iRS-r
NERVOUS
PAIN
"Oh," replied the blacksmith between his sobs, "until Mr. Choate spoke I had no idea I had been so abominably t-t-treated!"

A Quick, Clean, Comfortable Shave Guaranteed
»
»
A	— —
h May be Overcome by Lydi B E. Pinkham's Vegetable B	Compound — This
l!	Letter Prove» It
Don't Suffer Pain-Buy Hirst's
and be prepared against arracks of rheumatism. lumh.go, neuralgia, sprains and all similar painful ailments years a family fneod. Don't experiment— try Miru'i—at dealers, or write us.
HIRJT REMEDY COMPANY Hamilton, Carwaa
IIIIST'S Family Salve. (50c)
HUT'S Pectoral Syrup of Here ________
bound and Elecampane. (JS< > BOTTLE
:a
When you take a load of produce to town, haul a load of fertilizer or lime on the return trip.
But if the strain is great simply because of high speed, what must it be ! when a plane suddenly careens downward, taking a tremendous pressure off one part and hurling it upon an other. It is that kind of sharp, sud-1	1 cured a horse, badly torn by a
den, unevenly distributed shock which Pitch fork> with MINARD’S LINI-allows the slightest tap of a knife to j MENT, crack an egg or the explosion of a St. Peter's, C.B. EDW. LINLIEF. depth bomb to crush in the unpre-1	1 cured a horse of a bad swelling
pared side of a submarine. Obviously MINARD’S LINIMENT a plane must be built so skillfully and Bathurst, N.B. THOS. W. PAYNE of such perfect material as to withstand not only the pressure of the cyclone speed, but also the added shocks of its sudden evolutions.
I cured a horse of the Mange with MINARD’S LINIMENT.
CHRISTOPHER SAUNDERS.
Every soldier shaves under difficulties— cold water, chilling atmosphere and a time allowance of about three minutes for the whole job.
The AutoStrop Safety Razor overcomes aft shaving difficult! it is the that is always
for uee—that alwa>
For owe» 40
. Dalhousie

West Philadelphia, Pa. During the thirty years I have been married, I nave
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII bee ill bad health
and had several attacks of nervous prostration until it s * :m*d as if the
whole
35*
w i V T
/



I



organs in my body were out I was finally persuaded to try Iydia E. Pink ham e Vegetable Compound and it made a well woman of me. I can now do ail my housework and advise all ailing women to try Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound and I will guarantee they will derive great benefit from it”—Mrs. Frank Fitzgerald, 25 N. 41st Street W est Philadelphia, Pa.
There are thousands of women everywhere in Mrs. Fitzgerald's condition, suffering from nervousness, backache, headaches, and other symptoms of a functional derangement It was a grateful spirit for health restored which led her to write this letter so that other women may benefit from her experience and find health as she has done.
For suggestions in regard to your condition write Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass. The result of their 40 years experience is at your service.
dit
By

worn
r .
Comply wilh Law
only razor ready

Italy Spends Five Millions Daily.
. . c	The war is costing Italy $149,000,-
Airpunc Spruce.	000 a month or, in round numbers,
The one material which gives this about $5,000,000 a day, says a recent double characteristic of strength with despatch from Rome. In estimating j lightness is spruce; not the ordinary the cost of the war the expenditure spruce, but a superselected spruce incurred during the ten months of


a keen edje
ECONOMY
TALK
is all right-
ECONOMY
PRACTICE
is better.
INSTANT
DOSTUM
•hnrpene its own blades automatically. Strop» —


share» — clean»—without
removing bid V
*

from the giant trees of the Pacific Italy's neutrality for war prepara-coast. Few would believe that this ; tions as well as the money spent dur-would present much of a problem with ing the thirty-three months of war America's vast resources, but when up to the end of last February are one considers that only a small frac- taken into account The estimate is tion of the very best spruce is usable only approximate, because besides the at all, and that the war has vastly money actually spent for war expend-increased the demand for that, the dif- iture payments made by the War Of; Acuity will begin to appear. Let me explain this in detail:
The ideal trees for airplane spruce are the fine old patriarchs, scarce enough at best, which have a girth of about fourteen feet and run up 160 I feet without a branch. Now, when this splendid wood is cut, 62 per cent is thrown out at once—the part in the heart where the grain is too cir-i cular and the part at the circumference where the grain is too coarse.
Another 10 per cent, is culled out for various reasons and another 7% per 1 cent, lost to kiln shrinkage. This leaves us less than one-third of our original wood for further selection.
Of this third, however, only a small proportion is fit for the more delicate work. Less than 1 per cent of it has ED. 7.
AutoStrop Safety
Razor Co,
STOPGLARE LENS
Daylight Night Driving without Glare or Danger
St.. T
$3
SEND FOR CIRCULAT,
.00
PER PAIR ALL SIZES
81-31-8
fice and the Admiralty for extraordinary expenditure due to the war are Included in the calculation.
at your des

STOPGLARE LTD.
is an economy drink—absolutely no waste. Besides.
it is convenient, saves fuel and sugar, and leaves nothing to be desired in the way of flavor .
TRY A CUP!
as
HAMILTON, ONT.
Ask for Mlnard'e and take bo other.
Chicken houses should be thoroughly cleaned and sprayed, and an effort made to get rid of all mites and lice. These peats affect the vitality of the flock, cause hens to leave their nests, and kill young chicks. Breeding stock should be carefully selected and well housed and fed to insure good hatches and strong chicks. Ample nests should be provided for the layers. (Aidke should be protected from getting wet or becoming chilled. Guard against rats.


L
ISSUE 2*—'ia.
I
792343
^549
###PAGE###8###
moderately tour, provided what ever condition favoured is uniform ly kept up, that is to any milk cannot be obtained sweet, tiien it h)m»u1<J be fed eoiu as a rule.

The Shaw# Boot ai Shoe Stole
if the always
? a
V
y
M

'î.
,*>
V
Obeying Feed La we.
It Would l>e n relief to the bewildered publie if the food regulators would establish school* of instruction in the various ventre* when the intricate wordings and confused numerous
could be made clear to the oui in ary lay mind. Consulting a clock lent far, chemists* scale and an interpreter ought not to be a nct'e*-sary preliminary Ut eating a meal.
.O,
CL < K
h
. 2

A-
-1 V
When Leather Is Scarce
plira >eology orders and
of their
regulations

NSC
1sÙa\* Ùz '
m
and prices are advancing our advice ie buy

%
â

l'H
Canvas Footwear.


»
ST'A
V-
,.*V* >


Presentation
We have the best stock of
A very enjoyable evening was spent at the homo <>f Mr. end Mrs. Th<*w A. Orr, on Monday evening. May \\ when a few of their friends and neigh lawn gathered to spend the evening with their son, Henry (Jordon, lief ore his departure for military service. The occasion was taken advantage of l»y his untie and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Win. Orr, to present the young man with a gold wrist watch coupled with the following address, which was read by Mr. Win. Orr. Although taken by surprise, (Jordon expressed his appreciation of the gift ii a few well chosen words.
The evening was soient in music, after which refreshments were served. The gathering dispersed and all departed for their homes feeling that they had enjoyed themselves very much.
THE A DDK EH*.
TENNIS GOODS and RUBBER SOLED CANVAS
FOOTWEAR
The Ford Saves the Hay and Oats
the Horses Eat
T HAS been estimated that five acres of land are required to maintain one horse for a year, and that the same five acres would produce nearly enough food for two people. If 60,000 Canadian farmers each replaced one horse with a Ford, 260,000 acres would be added to the Nation s source of food supply and enough extra food made available to feed 100,000 people.
Just think what a great service this means to the country at the present time and the benefit to the farmers from the sale of food produced on this acreage.
A Ford car also saves the farmer a week or more of valuable time each year, which can be used for further productive work. The Ford travel» three times as fast as a horse and rig—costs less to run and keep, and is far easier to take care of. With labor so scarce and high priced, time means money, so do not delay in getting your Ford.
I
we have ever had, and prices are very reason able considering the high prices of Cotton

Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.
Dear Gordon :
A few of us have met here to spend a few hours and to present you with this watch not for its value, but as a small token to remind you, Gordon, that your many kind and useful acts to us all during the past years are not forgotten. We all know and feel that in the past your aim and action were not for self, “ to do what I can to help my country,’ r whatever net I your assistance, in a
Pictures of home folks carry warmth	unselfish way; and so as you
and comfort to the heart of a soldier, use this watch to tell the time, may it
M ik , ni.-,	• lent to day.	C"-'- : > "l ' bought of our deepest
Mothers Day at Bristol	\\	nsjievt, and although you are not with
Presbyterian Cbnr.b	_____.CtiXf TSX.
Churches. Beginning with the kindly but frankly spoken to by !l IH °r ‘ K, "80 ''c Jt I >‘i \mn!i-Sabbath School, where in spite of Mr. Harris on certain vital sub- ^ heahn, happiness and content-the showers ami the roads over ject- dealing with life and the I mvnl ,,n 1‘1V battlvta Ul, ami ever reinvm-sixty scholars gathered. The v, y _ “If I Had Only Known.*1 The l*r t,Mt we sUU f<*l as though you U*-Adult Hible Class was out in force Session met and it was decided | longed to us and we to you.
On behalf of the friends —
P. B. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Local and District.
Runabout - $575 Touring - - $595 Coupe Sedan Chassis
-	$770
-	$970 . $535
One-ton Truck $750
Sh




F. 0. B. FORD, ONT.
Shawville Motor Co.
and enjoyed the great privilege of that all the young men leaving a lesson taught by Mrs. (Rev.) Bristol for Camp should be pre-Walter Russell, m her own inimi- sen ted with a beautiful morocco table way. These breezes from bound New Testament and Psalms the outside are appreciated by (tunic pocket
The program “OUR mothers'* "	_____________ this life May 14, 1916.
arranged by the Methodist and	Dearest mother, thou hast left us,
Presbyterian S. S. Committees, There was a large représenta-	And our loss we deeply feel
was earned out in the regular tion of the Masonic fraternity at | Rut ’tis God who hath bereft us,
Scholar? sUtin^together in the Shaw?who was one of the pioneer |le van	a11 0»r arrows heal.
centre of the church. Hearty members of Pontiac Lodge, which	upm	the	ever shining shore,
singing and splendid responsive today can boast of a long and Sin, j»am and death and sorrow all are o’er reading was a feature of the pro- eventful history, and whose	Happy now and evermore,
gram. The two recitations pre- ; members may be found in many	Washed in the blood of the Limb
scribed by the program were well i corners of the globe. Following I	HmiVaml and Family. »
Lottie	in st.	cj«* |
Young. The minister, Rev. F W. impressive ceremonial of the ()rder | 7 K iJarris, çoipjip;5vd the sei’VKr, , 'Ytv; çvndRvted at the ylti.çç ç>f In-
and n great son of a noble “gray- tevment, Rev. Bto. J. J. S. Seaman haired mother” of Bristol, the again officiating. The floral ofTer-Rev. Walter Russell, D.I), preach- ings consisted of two beautiful ed a very helpful sermon. A wreath4*—one from the lodge, the solo was sung by Mrs. M., other from the J• (». Butte: worth flusaell, àlld ft beautiful duet by j family of Ottawa Misses Grant and McClure. The!
National Anthem closed a grand . made beautiful lQ8Ui*i
ing by such lovely flowers and In order to raise and finish all sweet memories. W hat a stimula- tjie extra pigs that will be farrow-
lion this service can and will be to e<i in Canada this year as a result | No charge for Policy Fee. so many Mothers in these deys »>1 Qf tjie ,• unpaign for increased proseparation and anxiety.	I duction, it will be necessary to
¦ exercise the utmost
the use ot concentrated foods.
Pig raisers who have access to|breckenridoe dairy by-products have a great advantage over others. Kx|>eri-ln the afternoon at Knox Church ments carried on at the Dominion the same program was carried out. Experimental Mi nis and The Minister preached Here also show that for growing hogs, 00 lbs the Church was made beautiful and over, 400 lbs of skim milk pro-with the white and pink flowers, dived results equal to 100 lbs of And Mothers were not forgotten. | mixed meal. Buttermilk fed tre-n But the evening service at the is equal to skim milk. >> ivy \>
Brick Church was the fitting not so valuable. One hundred climax of a glorious day. The re- i>otmdsoi whey was proved equal gistered letters on His Majesty’s to 19.2 lbs of milk, that i-, pro
Service have been coming fast into vided it is fed in not too large our community and the Minister, quantities and before it lias sou red. on the suggestion of a quiet young A study of experiments with Mother, began immediate steps to skim milk show that for young sign up the young men with the pigs 1 lb of milk fed with 2$ or .5 lbs Church before	they	left to sign	up	of meal gives best results.	ro\
with the Colors.	As many	a<	larger hogs less milk limy be	used,
possible were seen personally and For hogs over lOOlbs in weight not at a special meeting of the Session more than 5 lbs of skim milk daily it was decided that a special Com- should be fed in order to get t it* mnnion service should be held greatest value from the milk, that evening tor those w ho were At the Nova Scotia Agricultural soon to answer the call of the College is was shown that the Colors. Consequently at the re- best gains were made by feeding gular Young	People’s service	in	a lot of pig ration composed	of lfo
*	a t	(bd of grain, 990 lbs of skim	milk,
to and 110 lbs. of mangels. At and the Ontario Agricultural Col-
the best results were obtained i proportion of milk to 2.5 to 1. In one trial in
Mr. xnd Mbs. Wm. Ohk
Dealers
Shawville.
In Memoriam
Sealed Tenders
Tenders for the building of the Campbells Bay Milling Co. Ltd. (new building at Campbells Bay! will b? received up to 12 a. m., June 1st, 1918.
Plans can be seen at the office of A. McLean, manager. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
A. MvI.EAN
When you require Printing-
call at
l
Manager. CamplielU Ray
i
THE EQUITY OFFICE
: ‘X
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
#4
INSURANCE
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND REST
Milk in the Hog Ration
COMPAN IBS.
EXTRA SPEC ALS
Cal or write for Rates and Particulars
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
44Nobody knows the work it take* To keep the home together ; Nobody knows the steps it takes, Nobody knows—but Mother.’
FOR
Saturday, May 25th
at DOVER’S.
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
We are determined to make Saturday, May 25th the biggest and best business day we have had since coming to Shawville.
For this day we have slashed prices still lower than our advertisement stated, especially in Men s and Boys’ Clothing.
Come ^ere Saturday and save money.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us
the evening, an invitation was ex tended to all the make a decision join sion
young men for Christ
with the Church on Profes- ! lege
____of their Faith Eighteen re- whe
kponded to the eail. The Minister meal was	I
spoke oil the Meaning of Church which this proportion ''a- u-ed, Membership and some items of 865 lbs of skini milk xvere ccpial to great interest to the Soldiers of 100 lbs of meal. This agrees fairly the King and the King of Kings, closely with the ratalt* obtained
Then the Sacrament o? the Lord’s at the Ottawa and Branch harms.
In a eerie» of articles that appear
ere the
Supper was administered by the IJ -	.	,	.	.
Session. Seventy-four took jwrt. in the May number of rhe Agn-Never will those who were per- cultural Gazette, both the UttasH milled to be present forget the |and Guelph authorities agiee that sight of those eighteen stalwart ; it does not do to change the diet lads so soon to take up the from sweet to sour milk J oi weapons of war as they stood to young pigs the sweet milk is much n/ess the Prince of Peace, to be preferred For larger pigs it Never had Minister better reward seems to make little difference for work. Never had Mothers whether or not it is fed sweet or
B. J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
ARCHIE DOVER
SHAWVILLE
HAMILTON BLOCK
oo
