###PAGE###1###
1

\
©
No. 4, 37tii ïeak
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
ILLY 18, 1U18
$1.00 A YEAB IN ADVANCE.
r
THE
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1871
BANK
Prompt Returns From Shipments
When you ship Live Stock, Grain, Butter, Cheese or Fruit, put through The Merchants Bank a Draft on the buyer. This is the business way of securing prompt and satisfactory settlement.
It saves time and possible loss.
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
4,750,000
OTTAWA
Plymouth Binder Twine Plymouth Hay Fork Rope Berger’s Paris Green
04 Branches In Canada
Conservation of resources means success.
Conserve YOUR assets by building up a Bank Account.
Savings Department at all Branches.
j
u
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
Fort CouLoyoi Branch Campbells Bat Branch Shawville Branch,
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr R. Leber Manager.
A. H. Mvlhkrn. Manager, Portaobdu Fort si hOuk k, Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corners Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday.
Unquestionably the best goods in
the market.
We solicit your orders and fully guarantee every pound.
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAW'VILLE BRANCH, .... OUYON BRANCH, .... CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH............................
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM. Mamuer A. A. REIÔ, Manager D. L. WILLSON Manager. C. E. SHAW, Manager.
Your family, friend* and business associate* want your portrait. A nice range of folders to choose from.
H. Tmison, Artist in Portraiture.
The Shnwvillu H. M. Club will hold their work meeting thin Thursday evening at the home of Mrs. Robert Dale.
Mr. John Y. Morrison and Miss Helen Morrison, of Ottawa, spent a few da vs la>t week the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Tlios. Graham of Wyman.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Todd9 of Boston, is the guest of I)r. and Mrs. Poules.
Miss Lillian Hodgins, of St.
Luke’s Hospital, is home on a two weeks’ vacation.
Mrs. C. H. McLean, Beach burg, spent the week-end at her home
Dr. Wm. Lothian of Kansas I Oar instruction !• individual, and the City, Mo., purposes visiting his %oho°l «¦ open duilng the entire year;
M";/»"*. <>l Brl.tul.	w
Mips Nellie Howard, of Ottawa, pay a cent more, is the guest of her friend Mrs. More than 300 students from other local
Harry Gaga» of Austin section. ™Ue&* have '? past joined our class,, ii » ,v	m a#. Name* and addresses are available.
(»r. rerley I>agg, came from Student* are assisted to position*.
IVtawawa Camp on Saturday We ate HKADQUARTEKS for Short-night on a Visit tu his parents, re- hanl. Typewriting. Penmanship turning Monday.	h»£- English, Correspondence, etc.
Mrs. Ft. 1. Hunter, of Bristol 1 3*"d'or circular
has moved to Went boro and re sides with her sister, Mrs. Alex McDonald.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographer*. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been I acourlng the country for competent stenographer*. On Keb. lit every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the de uiands arc now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Canadian Food Board License Numiiei
84503
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT. —	/
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and he ready for the Fall Hound Up. Our school !*» open all summer.
Red Cross
The July shipment from Red Cross rooms consisted of :—17 suits of pyjamas, 3 day shirts, 53 personal protKtrty bags, 16 pr. socks, 7 amp. socks, 23 face cloths*
Will the clubs kindly remember to have their contributions in for the 1st of cadi month in order that these shipments may be made promptly.
W. A. HODGINS
Spell
W E.Gowmng, H. G. W, Braithwait President
I). E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
Principal
SHAWVILLE
Mrs. C. Y. Thomas, who was i3P Business notices on this spending a few days with Mrs. page 8 cents per line.
Knox, of Bristol has returned to
her home in Smiths Falls, Ont. Gillies Bros., Limited of Brae-Mi„a Aiken, of Montrent, and ait,e\ h',.Vfl. w',rk fo.r11« f«*?v «ble
week visiting Mrs. Wm. Turriff,	w	Th*f*cret of «access of the Graduates
in town.	of W il!i> College i* that they are the only
Mr. and Mis. H. Imleon and .	. MiRphy-Lano	£*,De,d offlce
family enjoyed a motor trip to A quiet but pretty wedding Uiok For Stenographer™ Secretary or Ac-rakenham, Ont., at the pleasure pl*ce at the Parsonage, L ha items, couutant, we have the best courses avail* of Mr. C. A. L. Tucker, where they °H Wednesday, July 10th, between able anywhere
spent Sunday visiting relatives. * Miss Laura Annie Lang, daughter Last year our increase wa* 4r>^. This
5 »r vFrSHF5-”™
the Royal Air Force at Toronto, KV 'birphy, ron of the late ;	N, I. HARRISON.
1ms been taking a few holidays at , !.\ George A. Murphy. The	Principal,
his home here, following a spell in ^de, who was accompanied by " ^ College	Ottawa. Ont.
the hospital with others of his Ml8.8,* loanee Murphy as brides- ^ Sparks Street, entrance between
maid, was given away by her 1	s Suns.
•father. Mr. S. Towel I acted as! A position for every Wills Graduates
EXPERIENCE
vs
EXPERIMENT.
Church Services
July 21.—St. Alban's, Burkinan, service, 10.30, a m., with Confirm-¦¦¦St. Georges, Fortage du Fort, service 2.30, p. m.
lit. Rev. Bishop Fai thing, of Montreal will conduct the services a t these a
IV|ID-SUMMER
BARGAINS
oi pro-
fit ion
PIHiintments. The same il so at the usual hour he will officiate at St. Paul * Church, Shaw ville.
The Bishop’s other appointments in the county are given elsewhere in this issue.
evening a
A BOOK THAT SHOULD IN TEREST MANY
~) patterns Foulards worth :25c. on sale at 12'c. per yd 3 patterns Wrapperettes 30 1 piece \\ hite Corn Muslin 35
History of The Parish of
Clarendon.
unit who were laid up with mumps Norris looks pretty fit now, how-,. .	,r,
ever, and seems to have a deep ?est Ul? L Pheceremony was per interest in his work, which is of a I	^ the Rev, J. Burton,
decidedly technical character
H
15
BY THE LATE VBN. ARCHUEAVON
NAYLOR, M. A.
20
Brown Optical
Molyneux —Foster.
A pretty wedding took place at the home of Mr. George Foster, of Cawood, One., when his second
.....in fact one Mai,g!lt,,r’ M«rtha Elizabeth was
farmer that we know of-Mr. I married to Mr. Samuel Church Daniel Shea, of Campbells Bay	1)anfo,d Lake, Que.
Two or three days before the late Veil. Archdeacon Naylor was stricken down with his last illness,
he finished the closing chapters of I Mechanical milkers are to be in the work on which he had been trod need in Pontiac, engaged for some years, namely a
••History of the Parish of CUreu- -J*—------I	D .. ..
don covering the period from the district—has had one in use for Mias Bella Box, a cousin of the time the English Church was first some time and he reports most P'presided at the piano, play-established here up to the year I satisfactory results. On Friday J1*? the wedding marches. The 1U07. The manuscript is now in j last Mr. C. B. Timmons, of Win»- u1,’ wil° 'va9-K,ven in marriage the hands of the printer, and Chester, Out, representative of ^ uei father, wore a gown of when issued the lxx)k will consist the Empire Cream Separator Co.	8[lk and bridal veil the folds
of thirty-two chapters, devoted to of Montreal, was in town and ar- V ,v“'vu / ^ hr-U »u pïnv a history of Clarendon Parish, as ranged with Mr. J. L. Bodgins to chistere of orange blossoms above noted, and also a history of take over the agency for this dis- ?*rned P?Je I>hik peonies, the Parish of Hull, by the same triet for the machine manufacture Limon» Molyneux, sister of the author. From what we can learn ed by the company mentioned. S1*0?111 WA8 bridesmaid and wore the book will not deal exclusively This machine is now being used in darp with affairs concerning the Church, many of the dairy centres of oag'e. “ftt and carried but will embrace also a record of Canada, and is giving eminent peo5,j8, A reception, largely at leading contemporaneous events satisfaction. Official» of our ex- ' tondetl, was held later, of the times. It is a work, there- perimental farms and agricultural fore, which must prove of deep in- colleges speak of it in high terms, terest not only to the residents of which should be a sufficient guar Clarendon, but to the people antee that dairymen will make generally throughout the district, mistake in its purchase.
Those who were intimate with One of the gravest problems the late Archdeacon will recall which agriculturists and dairymen
how careful he was in matters of have to grapple with these days is
detail. His thoiighful, earnest the labor question. Year by year;	—	fouSai f A	JH »
method of doing things always it 1ms gradnally become more The sympathy of the community er White i-igV. rrsdv for .ieh very Thoh measured up to the standard serious, and, of late, since the war goes out to Mr and Mrs. Stewart Tklpord, Weirstead. which characterized his exemplary has exacted such heavy toll of the Leitch of Starks Corners section----------------------------
life. It may be depended, then, man power of the country, the	in the loss they sustained la-t	FOR SALE—2,uuo feet of «rood	lumber
that the pages in which he ha* lack of competent farm labor lias	week through the death of their	l*-2xfi.	Apply to	A. E. Possllwhitb
portrayed notable occurrence* in become a veritable handicap, not son Robert, who passed away in	Shaw ville
the history of this district, will only to increased production, but his twentieth year after a long ill bear evidence of the employment even to the carrying ou of the or-1 ness. This is the second bereave of those methods, throughout, dinary routine of farm life. With	ment Mr. and Mrs. Leitch have
This fact alone will give to the other well-tried-out labor saving	; been called upon to bear within a
work that element of reliability devices, here's where the milker	comparatively short time, a duugh-
and historic value, which others should and will, no doubt, through	ter having been taken from them
sometimes lack. No doubt a great time, play an active economic	about a year ago
effort U> conserve for the use and fact. Every dairyman, who lias a cemetery.	board, one l»edroom suite; also sons
benefit of the present as well as herd of cows sufficient to require!	—_ dishes. Mr*. M. H. Murray, Shnwviiie
If1I:élpï§	IeShhe
figured. Rev. Rural Dean i hillips, officials have prepared some very mined the Oitron brethren to tf,fh good kitchen, stable, hen house and
Issfeass -
or persmis, mud it will fAcilitatél HodginsiaNo will be able to supply Hi* funeral took place on Friday,	WANTED—A glil	todo heeeework	for
the work of the printer consider- information of this nature to any- 5th to the Anglican eemeterv in	family of three	on	farm	about	mid way
asSSSflHBT»-*-*" s^lSMSÉBSaÉSSÿMK^
The Milking Machine
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Flannelettes 25, 30 and 35c.
Navy Prints 25 in. wide at 15c.
100 yards Canadian Prints 23 in, wide at 15c
552 St. Catherine West
Children’s Summer Hats
HALF PRICE
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
Announcement.—Miss M. A. Hod-blue chiffon taffeta, with | gins desires to announce that she bay
white I taken the rooms over W. E. Maitland's barber shop where she may be found by any ladies who require sewing done.
25 p. c. off all Men’s Fine Straws
Births
Most things can be anybody s gift— your jiortrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. Imison, Artist in Portraiture.
no
At Hillcreat, on July 7th, to Mr anil Mrs. Bert W. Horigins, a son
Children’s Pink, Blue and Red Ilose, a few sizes only 2 pairs for 25c.
Deaths
l-l
Boys’ Tan Jerseys, size 30 and 32 Men’s Tan Button Boots, 4.00 value for $2.50 9 only Boys’ Suits (long pants) 33, 34, 35—25 p. c, off
50c. for 25c
14
FOR SALE—A good Peering Mower, almost new, can be bought cheap it sold now. Apply to Thos. A. Elliott, Box 5%, Shaw ville, or home residence. Lot 13, 5th Range, Clarendon.
3 pairs 6 lb. Wool Blankets
old stock (Slightly used) at $7.00, now worth
$12.00.
The funeral of
ami

W. A. HODGINS
/
Hi,I
Canadian Food Board License Number
8-3551
###PAGE###2###
\
|j“GETTING THERE”	1 zz:*‘,fJ”£zï»
The fleh are laid neatly on the con-	iai PH A NfT 1 net' forth alone to trudge my weary
Crete slab» of the old quay, and before	|j>| FIvillLL way campwards. 1 had got clear of
long are"disappearing rapidly under	thf1 town when 1 saw a car coming
the hammer of the auctioneer.	|	-- towards me In a cloud of dust
The fishermen betake themselves to DE$CR(BEO BY ONE WHO HAS Douglae Haig himself might have been bed for some hours, or perhaps dis-	but the discomfort of the
...."= HAD ~ ' -
the chauffeur, Its only oc H common question among motorists. loU(1 may be increased by r®-
—« e'™'“ ziT,œsü: a*-s	»<
¦bh
EKiK EEHHB: 3' ^ sSrS
E s ES=,«
«MBi
mmm	mmm
army crossed the Aisne and fought home in England. You must picture	7~T	The only time we think of it is when more than thrunoticeable on
The night is pitch dark. No Blare fiercely to advance further, but with- a shaggy, wild eyed brute with a	Food Production In France. ! ^ wigh to fimj out jf the engine is fere nee will hardly	f thftt
glimmer in the sky, no lights are vis- out auecess< Gradually the front	mouth of iron and a back like an iron- More thftn ito00,000 Frenchmen	mjiB|llg	explosions.	Then	we	cut	an	ordinary hill.	>	in,Urate
lble from the sea-front. The harbor crystallized into immobility, and here	Ing board, as capricious as a prima have been wiled in war and 1,500,000	out the	muffler and	listen	to	the	the	car slows down
lamps are masked, only in the distance our troops remained for three weeks,	dona, and a» full of tricks as a wagon- |are physically unfitted by their injuries	^und Gf the exhaust.	Do this	cau-.	back pressure due	to
flashes the arm like ray of the one un- during this period one can trace the load of monkeys. When you saunter tQ	carry (>n farm work The women	_. ^	1 ¦ —
darkened lighthouse on the coast. 1 beginnings and growth of the me- down to the transport lines to pick afe	mAnngtng the farms and doing
They left the harbor in line, but thodg ^ trench warfare which are	your hairy for your joy-ride, you are mo-t of the work i„ battle zones,
the fishing smacks separate, and now famiiiar to so many.	apt to be bitterly deceived by appear-1 yuch M the champagne district, wo-
soon all they see of their companions	How the Trenches Grew	ances. A gentle, wild-eyed beast* ^
Er1	SSEErsSE:
their engines droning and their ground, grew 8P»ce lnt	.* an unbroken broncho, once he tastes . .. h wou1d be up attending to
sails humming In the stiffening of excavations while away	the liberty of the high read.	Ihë.r g^vlnea. The wives of the
breeze. The fishing ground is at last firing line there appeared sy	, There are also bicycles Kvery bat- , Frvnch farmers have always helped
reached. It Is nothing but a shallow, reserve trenches, sited ami dig 1 tallon has a certain number of cycles (he|r husbands In the fields. They
c&zrz z: rssr s ysrf+%*. r t* i
fluke, gurnard, and other fish.	, tiona of the trenches began t t Army cycle la anything like one of f d for he army &nd French women
Every man Is at his poet In our dugouts, which were small cavo - th08e glistening, black-enamel and alu- ! h	tak(m their place to draw the
smack Gradually the line Is let down ¦ rowed into bank*, or widening* o minium-rimmed machines you see in ,	all(i harrows Food production	!
black, pig-like objects normal trench, ^oUd in with such ^ ghop ^ndow& Even as these, it ^	France, despite the efforts of wo	I
materia! as wastohand and covered haa lwo wheel8, a llke number of ped-1 nien children, od men and cripples,
als, and handle bars and saddle, but bas dropped to one-third, there the resemblance ends
OUT WITH THE
FISHING CRAFT
titr
THE COASTS OF THE British Isles.
AROUND
the road, as there are laws
If the
cuss the market workers over a well-won pipe then begins the baiting.
But this life, though hard and atreiv Travelling Behind the Front Is an Ad-uous, fraught with danger, is one which brings handsome remuneration j to the hardy fishermen. Often enough he goes home at the end of a hard week with perhaps $150 in his pocket.
Besides
Death Often Lies In Wait For the Deep-Sea Fishermen In the Perilous Waters of Wartime.
From the pier-head a tiny flicker of flame dances In and out at regular intervals, tfien a stentorian voice bawls into the darkness, "All ready?"
One by one the little craft leave the harbor, with oil engines humming and
V n
of the mouth, the canvas bellies to a
ami out the
•>
CRADLE OF MODERN WARFARE
Then once clear
brisk nor* west breeze, fishermen go to the grounds
Each little vessel carries a crew of
either men well
LIES
OISNE HIV EH
five, and they mre over military age, or else youths In j
Some of the men are old There The First Du gouts were
Kk-
thelr teens —very old—but night after night they ; sail out with their smack and return heavily laden on the morning's tide.
It is ten o’clock as the boats leave For hours the crews have been
In
cavated and Fence Wire and Kab-
bit Netting Used As Obstacles

port.
busily baiting their lines. Choice bits of mackerel or portions of whelks— "blckles,” as the fishermen call them arrayed neatly on each shining hook, and the whole Is carefully arranged In a special low basket.
Stores of oil and coal are taken In, ns well as provisions, for the weather may turn out nasty, and then the fishing craft would perchance seek shel-her on the other side of the water.
are
The Grounds.
at the right mo-
they must announce gg	|
ment to the infantry and to the commander in charge.
“Thanks to the promptness of their reports, sent by radio, the commander is enabled to make his authority felt during the progress of the operation. When In the midst of the hazards of battle the energies of the combatants become scattered, causing confusion and disorder, the scout planes, by the accuracy of their reporta, permit the On Them Rests the Responsibility of harmonising and coordinating of ef-
Preparing For and Directing An Attack.
TASKS OF THE MODERN AIRMEN
now
dd not forsake their work In the
MILITARY AVIATORS MUST BE VERSATILE YOUTHS.
go on
fort necessary to the Anal victory.
I “Evidently it Is the observer who must have charge of the mission of
The vast responsibilities which de- reconnaissance, of photography, of ar-
be made on the western front ar. thus ed by the pilot, whose skil *nd d .tjorth by sn «perienced ^h c^ron^.n^siim^ur,
“The time has passed when one the aenal task. * could make an improvised attack upon the enemy, relying simply upon su-j perior numbers and the morale of the g0 \M the pig’s eye to the hu-attacking troops to gain the victory. man eye that fledgling oculists learn* “To search out in all their details ing their trade, practice all sorts of
the defensive works of the enemy operations upon eyes of freshly k lied
(barbed-wire entaglements, trenches, swine, which are easily obtained from block-houses), the position of all his the market.
batteries, to locate the trails, railways, Even the skilled and highly trained munition and supply depots, and head- ophthalmogist, when he wants to try quarters of the commandera—such is out an Idea—for instance, a new kind the work to be performed by the scout of operation for cataract (w*Jelc plane before every offensive opera- means the removal of the crystalline tion.	lens)—will get a pig’s eye and see
“To direct the firing of all the ar- how it works. If it succeeds, he tries tillery, whose task is to destroy the it on a patient.
barbed-wire entaglements and the All the wonderful muscle-cut ing trenches; to bombard the batteries operations, by which squint and other and destroy the larger part of them; Irregularities are so successfully re-to set on fire the munition depots medied, were worked out originally >y within its range; to prevent or ren- experiments with pigs’ eyes dor perilous any passing along the roads and railways; to delay traffic in the supporting railway stations; to Far in the west the sun’s rays die; control the destruction of objectives Tia the close of a weary day. and the efficacy of long-range firing — Far In the wood» the night birds cry, such are the principal tasks of the | And the moon In the lift holds sway, scout planes during the preparatory period of an attack.
into the water
filled with air. known as “mollegs,” go down as marking buoys, and soon the by a layer of earth sufficient to give
whole line Is paid out and left. This protection against splinters. W ith the
Is the process known as a "shoot." propinquity of the opposing lines it
to get accurate artil-

The Dead Wife.
When she belonged to me And day and night Dwelt In my house For my delight,
She thought of God And saw Him plain In storm and cloud And singing rain.
Now she is God’s And dwells at length Where He can serve her With His strength. Does she not see In His land's grace Of fields and hills And skies my face?
Taking What Comes.
was necessary lery fire close in front of our firing
This necessitated most ac-
Harvest of the Sea.
Again the smack goes on and shoots
Then begins the
Sails are the engine Is
Still, the old Army “bog wheel" Is the subalterns' great stand-by In France. 1 have gone a billeting on It. I have ridden to many a joyous din-
and wobbled perilously
trench
curate observation, and this in turn necessitated forward observation officers and telephone wires laid from the batteries to the infantry.
,	. “And now began the allotment of
ing-boat ceases her running up and * (lfflnite Bection 0f the front for each
down, and glides away to visit her batte to cover with its fire, which first line All is bustle aboard By , ' d time the barrage or the glare of a flickering oil-lamp the	of fire the basi!) of present
shining line is drawn in. Over the |	.
The First mr.Cu.rds
Skate, fluke, gurnard, and shimmering “To prevent a sudden rush ot the
cod come floundering up, and soon the enemy,, obstacles such as wire cu
deck Is a mass of slime and blood. from fences and rabbit netting from
As the line comes dancing in, the neighboring woods were erected,
strange shapes hurl past our boat, fore-runners of the vast barbed wire
Huge passenger steamere with eerie entanglements which now stretch
designs on their hulls flash past; slow- from Switzerland to the sea. »
“On the Aisne also began for the
Pigs and People.
her other lines weary patrol up and down taut In the breeze; silent.
ner party.
homeward after a gay evening have been to combats at divisional or brigade headquarters on it, and I have always come back alive. Sometimes, It is true--when the country has been hilly—I have wished 1 had w alked both w ays I But, to my mind, the most delightful way of getting about In France Is to sally forth and take your chance of a conveyance. Wbat sensation could be more delightful, 1 ask you, than to walk out on one of the great main roads of France, the map of your route pretty clear In your head, ready to stop the first conveyance which seems likely to give you a lift? You have to be a little careful, however. It might
I
The fish
The time Is slipping by
Measure.
In a tiny pool You could jump over I saw reflected All of the skv.
I wondered Should one rightly measure This lovely water,
By the earth that holds It? By the heaven it holds?
moving coasting craft with a Vickers' ¦
quick-firer churn across your bows;	first time the direction of artillery
motor-launches, high-pooped trawlers,	fire from aeroplanes, which was done
all pass with lights out. Only the ab-	occasionally by wireless, but mostly	be awkward	to	hold	up	a	car	convey-
ot these light remind you that	by the use of colored light... Here,	ing a liverish	brigadier,	who	has	Just
a war is really on.	too. appeared the first observation	j been
Out on the eastern horizon appears	balloon; needless to- say, it was the	general.
The fisher- , enemy who had it.	It is always safe to stop one of those
“It was on the Aisne, too, in those long trains of motor-lorries which are
At Twilight
How
sence
“told off" by his divisional
the first flush of dawn
men troop down below, and by their	, , .	,	, .	. .	.	.	.
i warm themselves or September days that British forces the commonest sights on the roads of	Volunteer Farm Workers. *
the engine Is started, the sail reefed, Mr. J. D. McGregor, in a report o soldier knows where he has come 1 fe At a [ecent convent on o an	out entirely through the interme-
and away the little boat bobs merrily | the Minister of Agriculture, cites the fpom and very often where he ig boUnd ers* a Que8Uon WRS a8kf‘d;„ >1<?W many diation of their eyes.
U-boat.	crop tn the three Prairie Province.:	drlver hls damnation, and con- leave J.nk and work on the	thg asgaulHng waves of ^ in. That a hero obey, the call.
One after one our fellow-craft loom wheat. 2,010,567 acres; oats, 5^.5 trjve ,hat he wln gel yoll down at farm for periods from ten days to two fantry> gigna| ita progreas to y,e gu.	*
up In the distance, a good-natured acres; barley. 93.320 acres. The	frequentd point, whence you week*	~ _________ perior command; it is they who dis- No Food Reserve ln Br,tain
race for port begins, for if Is a matter total acreage for the three Prov nces ^ay travel your next stage. And so	Q„h«titLtion in Flour	cover the active batteries and reduce
of “first come first served, and before In grain crops as com pa i ed * n ' by motor lorry, ambulance, staff-car,	them to silence by causing them to caution to build up as large a reser.o
long the whole line 1s making rapidly shows an Increase of 11%, according , of even a *G 3» horse-waggon, you at In England and France from 16 to 20 come under destructive fire; it Is they of food as possible In an Island which for home.	to Mr. McGregors figures. These	length reach your destination, having per cent, of wheat substitution, chiefly who cause the dispersion of wagon Is menaced by submarine blockade.
The harbor mouth is gained. Thank- 1917, 24,028.900 acres; 1918. 26,687,412 a delightfully varied time, and com, barley and rice, are required by trains and troop columns venturing No such reserve Is yet In eight and fully, be It noted, for these are dan- acres; increase, 2,658,512 acres.	collected a peck or so of more or less the food scarcity in the milling of along the roads and trains near the there should be no slackening in
gerous times for the fishermen, and	------~7™	veracious rumours of doings at the flour. The people of Great Britain are battlefield; it is they who watch for Canadian efforts to provide foodstuffs
anxious times for fhe womenfolk at The supply of burlap is nearly ex- Fn>nt	not now making or consuming white the possible launching of a counter- for the Mother Country.”—Late Vis-
the pier head. Poor souls, they have haused, and mill feeds ma> a\e o	blazing July afternoon I was bread.	attack, always to be feared, and which count Rhondda.
Many is the	son and j be shipped	winter.
?
the soft, warm summer
Clear,
on
little coal fire drink coffee. . ed for the present
broeee
A bugle sounds in the night; “Moreover,they assume the enor- A cool wind stirs In the bare black
trees.
And a wannote tells of the fight.
Enormous Responsibilities.
Firm and martial, low and sweet,
The notes of “The Last Post fall;

"It Is obviously an elementary pr»
i It
Buffered
IF W» PAY
ATTENTION TO WHAT l TILL Tot
these THINGS
WOVtOH’T spmS
HAPMW cHJj\
TOO TOLD ME TO
SOAK IT
1
o
l Now 1(tt AND KEEP
piM KWN A LITTLE
WHICH WAN DID IT60?

DONT hit,
•EM so I
u hiohLt
•/'S
JL)
50
%
it's rUHY
ovs* IH Txeae
SOMEWHERE
IT!
z


k

.1
•3
»
Z
5

/

Wk*
v

U
n
•-W

*//

X
Y
L
yi
jB
7



###PAGE###3###
In the Balance.

WinterCoat
RE MODEL YOUR
NORWAY SUFFERS FROM WAR TURMOIL
<
EATS
DIPT
The Home Bank of Canada Makes Steady Progress
What can we do
To match thons men who stand today wall of pulsing blood; of fear
vage
4
The Latest Models.
4
4
tgent will wgg I g	mÊÊÊ^Ê^^Ê
*»mâSr**jî/j less hearts—between the
i A,, a :: BKar“Md
' StU'wMCRSrSÇ What can we do!
gras
M to do the work or return yo# < oat The summer elacli eeyon makes our low
KsKsisi
Merc haute or Trieste Homes. _
aoii xisi) 00 . f4 Bay

Our Mail Order roe Toronto's
any we men*
Kk
3
The
MADE IN CANADA fA
Steady progress and expansion 1" reported by the Home Hunk or made In Its statement for the MOM year, ending May —	.
Under conservative and energetic Ireetlon the Home Hank haw been forging ahead and Improving Its financial position.	.	. „
Right along the Management has carried out a number of thrift campaigns and these have resulted In a very considerable Increase In the number of savings accounts at the various branches.
With Its larger resources the Tank. In turn, has been able to handle a larger amount of general business throughout the country.
One of the outstanding features of the report Is the gain of almost
•	3.000.000 In total deposits. During the Victory Loan Campaign the Hank lent every assistance to Its customers and depositors, with the result that there were withdrawals by depositors for Investment In Victory Bonds of close to 11.000.000. If this campaign had not developed the Increase In deposits for the twelve months period would have been close to 16,000.000.
The marked gains made by the Home Hank during the past few yesrs must be regarded as the beet Indication of the further strides It Is likely to make with Its organisation strengthened In different parts of the country.
The total assets have Increased almost $3,000,000 and now stand at
•	33.676.731, compared with $10,746,-*29 a year ago. Of this amount liquid assets amount to $11,073,181. Holdings of Dominion Notes amount to $3,129,010, Canadian municipal and Hrltleh, foreign and colonial public securities amount to $2,717,332 us compared with $1,214,460 last year.
The success of the thrift campaigns carried out by the Hank has steadily resulted In gains In savings deposits, these now standing at $11.-639.4M6 up from $10,241,663. while deposits not bearing Interest now stand at $4,143,364 up from $2 39$

ECONOMIC SITUATION BRISTLES
WITH DIFFICULT.Lu
' %
How can we help
To match these men who severed ties of home and outstretched arm treasures of the years of peace— and bravely pieced their gift of priceless youth between a race gone mad and
All that we hold dear?
How can we help?
1st
4
?
Necessity of Increasing Imports Grows Steadily More end More Imperative.
I
CF
1 - '
Never since the memorable war between Kngland and Norway 110 years ago has the Norwegian nation been confronted with a situation so full of difficulties as the present one. says a despatch from Christiania. Until the United States entered the war the difficulties, although great, did not Impress themselves jo strongly on the public mind as they do now, owing to the fact that, even If other European sources of supply dried up, here was still something to be had from the United States.	_	__

Somehow.
Somehow I never thought that you would go,
Not even when red war swept through the lend;
I somehow thought, because I loved you so,
That you would stay. I did not understand
That something stronger than my love could come,
To draw you, half reluctant, from my heart;
I never thought the call of fife and drum
Would rend our cloak of happiness apart!
And yet you went .
I did not weep;
I smiled instead and brushed the tears aside.
And yet, when night time comes, I cannot sleep.
But silent lie, while longing fights with prid
You are my man, the foe you fight my foe,
And yet—I never thought that you would go!
What can we give
To match those men who gave and
until at
gave, and gladly gave length they offered up their lives at Freedom's shrine? They had
to give. And this they
Mares with foals may be given some light work, but the real heavy work should be left for the other horses
the foal depends very Largely on the quality of the milk the mare gives, so that every precaution should be taken that the foal is not allowed to suck when the mare is at all overheated^
no more did for us and
The proper development of
All that we hold dear What can we give?
LEMON JUICE IS
FRECKLE REMOVER
the United States Anally
When
ranked herself on the side of the allies the question gradually arose how Norway, dependent as she Is on her Imports tor the meet Important necessities, would manage to get on in the
under these altered condi-
© M0C4L*
Girls! Maks this cheap beauty lotion to clear and whiten your skin.
Squeeze the Juice of two lemons Into a bottle containing three ounces of orchard white, shake well, and you wwr-have a quarter pint of the beet freckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautl- fhr*,n7moun, fler, at very, very small cost.	I publishing Co
Your grocer has the lemons and any > ear ell equipped newspaper drug store or toilet counter will .up-
Dly three ounces of orchard white for for $1.200 on quirk sale. Box $# a few cents. Maasage thl. sweetly Wllaon Pub.lah.n, Co Ltd. Toronto
fragrant lotion Into the face, neck, and hands each day and see how
4 blemishes disappear and \\
The poorest Ash alive are the sel-
fish
. . And I
long run lions.
It was obvious that an arrangement ought to be made, and In order to m t tie the question a delegation to Washington was appointed under the lead ereip of Professor Nansen. The pinch of the rationing system has now be-to make Itself felt, and stricter
eeklt newspaper for bale
Ontario. Owner going to Bell 11 000 Worth double
r/o Wlleon Toronto
ln mîî osll 11.000
Apply J H Limited. T
Girlishly simple is this attractive
McCall Pattern No. In 4 sizes, 14
little dress 8432, Misses* Dress to 20 years. Price, 20 cent#
PHI---¦ m— P"------
rules are officially announced weglan trade and Industry are handicapped for want of regular supplies»
War Workers Congratulated Their the coast traffic Is disorganized and
Majesties on Silver Wedding Norwegian resources In general are
Anniversary.	diminishing at an alarming rate.
. , Travelers fresh from Germany are Three thousand women engaged in	lged at Norway's scanty rations
sBESSsritisusM - -
June 29, expressing loyalty and extending congratulations upon the allverl
wedding anniversary of the royal tance to Norway to procure at t e couple, which was celebrated on July earliest possible date as man.v ni 6. It was the first time any British ports as possible. The supply of f<x>d-. ruler had received such a deputation stuffs and raw materials needed by of women. There were no precedents, the population has, from a statistical therefore, to serve as a guide for mar- point of view, been much inisundcr-ehalllng the parade and for the recep- stood abroad. Owing to the fart that tlon	j several countries from which, In time
Among the organizations represent- of peace, Norway was drawing rather
have been virtually
Nor
866
ILL PURCHASE ALTERNATING . . Current Motors for Cash. Milton and Prentiss. Traders Bank Building Toronto.
arms
freckles a how clear, soft and white the skin he Yes! It Is harmless.
WOMEN FIRST TO GREET KING
Ilf
*
Western Crop Conditions.
A need of rain over considerable sections of the grain growing areas in Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta Is Indicated In the weekly crop report of Canadian Northern Agents to the general offices of the company. There are, however, a large number of agents who report that as yet the drought had not affected any damage, and that rain would entirely relieve the situation
show that rain has already fallen over a considerable section.
The presence of cut-worms Is reported In a small section to the north on both sides of the border of Manitoba and Saskatchewan, the damage however appearing to be but slight.
comes
FIANCER TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC. V/ Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Writs
,	__A . „ Ue before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical
Figured blackwood Is mentioned by Co Limited Colilngwood Ont
a consular report as perhaps the most beautiful of Australia's many ornamental hardwoods.
and “mottled" grains are most sought, the grain of the former being not unlike that of the North American curly
The color, however
Valuable Australian Wood
The "fiddleback"
Imports a National Necessity.
It le a matter of the highest impor»
WANTED
100 GIRLS
m
Is dlf
maple
ferent, being a rich golden brown. The panel effects are obtained by combining the figure with the plain blackwood.
'Moreover, advices received

to work in knitting mills. All kinds of operations on Underwear and Hosiery. Good wages paid while learning. Write or 'phone
MONEY ORDERS.
It Is always safe to send a Dominion
Five Dollars
1
%
ed were those of the nurses, the muni- heaty Imports,
tlon workers, the workers on farms closed—for example, Russia and Prus-	_ .	/ , ««bhccai*
and those more actively connected sla as cereal exporting countries—	W/	///I	To Kill Potato Bugs,
with the operations In the field. An Norway has been bound to	t<	jj f _)	The potato bugs should be poisoned
address was made by Mrs. F. H. Dur- heavily on America and other oversea	before they get too much of a start.
ham, chief woman inspector In the countries.	II	Paris green used at the rate of one-
Mlnlstry of Labor. King George re- This fact has been overlooked and	J	half pound to fifty gallons of water is
plied with an address to the women,	too willingly It has been believed in	satisfactory. If a pound or two of
The King spoke as follows:	the Allied countries that the greater	lime is added it will prevent any leaf
the%%Z^%y3^d%	^rmZ" %EllG%%ne^	Arseni tfle^ta g^oiloTIld
msê'M =S5?2=S	'S £"?2S5t"5
’ ss etis r- -
appreciating the great part which all	the last	year has inflicted	upon us a	loronto, VtpL W.
the women of our land are taking In	lose of	436 vessels and	700 lives,
all the branches of war service, and speaks volumes. It also Is a public everywhere we have been filled with secret that her own means are very admiration at their achievements, an scanty, admiration which we believe to be l
shared by the whole nation. When the deny that Norway Is largely depend-history of the war Is written, no chap- ent on England, while at the same ter will be more remarkable than that time Norwegians feel entitled to say relating to this service. The range that in view of the services rendered and extent of the women's participa- to England and her allies through the
tlon in this service has been rendered	courage	and Intrepidity of	the Nor-1	you corn-pestered	men	and	women
only at the cost of much self sacrifice	weglan	seamen and the	energetic	Deed SUffer no longer.	Wear	the
and endurance.	' straightforwardness of the shipowners ghoe€ that nearly killed you before,
“I trust this procession to-day will	they have & reasonable claim upon	gRyg	Cincinnati authority, be-
bring home to those who have not yet	their gratitude.	cause a	few drops of freezone applied
realized it the"country's need of their	Thinks England	Ungrateful.	directly	on a tender, aching corn or
help. Sure In the hope that your la-	Norwegians regret	that this fact	is	callus, stops soreness at once and soon
hors	soon may have their reward in	far les8 understood In England than	the corn or hardened callus loosens so	to the stables of their	own accord a-
that	decisive victory and enduring	lt ought to be, and express the opinion	jt can be lifted off, root and all, with-	ter their last trip, and	refuse	to take
peace toward which we, with all our	that this state of things not only lm-	out pain.	another step.	In Montaigne s Lssa\s
brave allies, are ever striving, I wish	pejr8 Norwegian friendship for Eng-	a small bottle of freezone costs	very	we read that	the oxen employed n
you god-speed. In that happy day It land| but i8 detrimental to British lltlle at any drug store, but will posi- the royal gardens of Susa for turning will be your proud satisfaction to feel	commercial Interests.	tively take off every hard or soft	corn	the wheels to	which the water pa s
that you have nobly shared In secur-	Through their cruel treatment of de-	or callus. This should be tried,	as It	were attached	refused to make more
In g these priceless results."	fenceless Norwegian seamen, the Ger- ig inexpensive and Is said not to Irri- than the hundred rounds that const!-
mans have gradually lost all sympathy ta^e yie surrounding skin.	| tuted their dally task.
Keen all gates closed and all gaps	in this country. England's escutcheon	If y0ur druggist hasn't any freezone |	-
It wil save steps.	is untarnished, but Norwegians con-	tell hIm %» get a small bottle for you	Mlnard’s Llmimeat Car-	Oarret	m Cow.
=	elder it their duty to tell her that the	fpom bie wholesale drug house. It Is
treatment to which they have often j flne and acts like a charm every been subjected by British officials has created a painful impression In this country. Norwegians regard It as unreasonable that their authorities and
the Norwegian business community Now is the time to use the fresh so
should be measured by the standard vegetables which the war gardeners thing more	—vie* ;n
applied to Germans. When they	have been	so	assiduously striving	to	In their socks or	hid<
pledge their word, they mean no leee	cultivate.	We must never forget that	the wall.	Other	men get
than the Britteh to keep It They do the use of these short-lived greens golden goose, promptly pu not regard their treaties as “scraps re8Ults in the liberation of the more under her, ami w a short wi of paper,” but as obligations. They	concentrated	and staple foods	for	are more	golden	eggs an
claim to be considered as gentlemen,	overeeas.	Then the	surp u*	P others in need
and are not willing to stand the pin Ueually there is great waste where stamps, thus a v ^ pricks of suspicion.	garden truck is concerned. It seems to supply their wants.
Over and over again prominent men	g0 abundant that we do not value It	The useful	dollar	t
of business have told me of their ex	8Uflciently. As a matter of fact, by	continues to	serve its	own a
periencea. They describe the sus-	the judicious use of vegetables many	Country year	in and	yea
picloue attitude of the British author! meatleaa meals can be prepared, arJ ties as entirely unfounded, and say the housewife should regard them dur-that It would be ridiculous were it not lng hot weather, when appetites so detrimental to Important Interests. arg jBded.
A leading shipowner In conversation The French people are now reduced
with me said:	to three meatless days a week of nec-
•Tf England had been less suspicious	We in Canada might get
toward us we should have had con-	down to that by choice, at least for as
stderably more supplies In this coun-	|ong S9 our war gardens flourish. It
try at the present time, and England will m<îan a;; the more meat for the a considerably heavier Norwegian je 0f France, who need it so bad-tonnage at her disposal, to her own I benefit and those of her allies.”
Express Money Order costs three cents.



The Real Proof.
From Idle bragging stay aloof;
You'll find that this is true: Your work Is taken as the proof Of things that you can do.
Limited
PARIS, ONTARIO

iRST’s
PAIN ”
^terminator
Mlnsrd'e Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
New Air Raid Alarms.	J
For the suburbs a new system of air fl raid alarms has been devised to sup- || plement the sirens and the firemen's H signals, says a Paris despatch. The l* new device is the use of a sort of F rocket, which, when lighted,	produces	fl
two explosions, one as it leaves the M ground, the other	at	a	considerable	II
height In the air.	1
Tests showed the noise was distinc- H tive, that it could be heard at a con- n siderable distance and could not be H confused with the noise of the anti- D air craft guns.	1
«
Don't Suffer Pain-Bay Hirst’s
end be prepared against arracks ol rhea-¦am», lumbago, neuralgia, ipretns end ah similar painful ailments gears s family friend. Don't capenment— try Hirst's—si dealers, or write us.
HI1ST REMEDY COMPANY Hamilton, Can«04
I fell from a building and received what the doctor called a very bad sprained ankle, and told me I must not walk on It for three weeks MINARD'S LINIMENT and In six days I was out to work again. I think it the best Liniment made.
ARCHIE E LAUNDRY.
For over 40
YE8! LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
I got
On the other hand, lt Is no use to
35*
*1*11*1 Family Salve, (*>r) MUST'S Pecioiel Syrup ol More
Cincinnati man telle how to dry up a corn or callus so It lifts off with fingers.
U'u BOTTLE
ho
The shortest answer is doing it
Edmonton
51 DOCTOR URGED
|1| «N OPERATION
1^^» I Instead I took Lydia E. Pink-CHKl ham’s Vegetable Compound
and Was Cured.
KEEP YOVf* SHOES NEAT
Horae Sense
•I*Ji
In the mines of Hainault horses that travel back and forth over a certain road exactly thirty times each day go
pOU
sH®E
" LIQUIDS Mane/ PASTES
-^blach; white tan dark brown
OR OX BLOOD SHOES.
PRESERVE the LEATHER
Baltimore. Md.—" Nearly four year# I suffered from organic troubles, ner-—^	vousneas and head-
aches and every month would have to stay in bed most of the time. Treatments would relieve me for a time but my doctor was always urging me to have an operation. My sister asked me to try Lydia E. Pink-h a m's Vegetable Compound before consenting to an operation. I took five bottles of It and It has completely cured me and my work is a pleasure. I tell all mv friend# who have any trouble of this kind what Lydia E. Pinkham'm Vegetable Compound has done for me.”-Nblus B. Brittingham, 609 Calverton Rd., Baltimore. Md.
It Is only natural for any woman to dread the thought of an operation. So many women have been restored to health by this famous remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, after operation has been advised that it will pay any woman who suffers from much ailments to consider trying It be fore submitting to a trying ordeal
1
up
HAMiLfU* ( AN AD*
CORPORA!
ttr c f OAltCY
• ?
Catch Hold of the Golden Bird.
There are two ways of saving mon:	Some men get hold of the golden
goose and proceed to pull all her feathers out. Then they squeeze her she will never be good for any-
What is left they put
time
When You Eat
Grape-Nuts
ey
ORINOCO
J
Use Your Fresh Vegetables
r >/
CUT COARSE FOR PIPE USE
ABSORBINE
M* *TRADI XARK RI5.U.S PAT-OFF.
f ,
some eggs

you get the solid nourishment of whdto wheat, matted barley and other grains In more pleasing, easily digestible form than tn any other way.
This great, ready-cooked cereal Is very economical —require# no sugar, toss milk, yet is probably the richest of all prepared cereals.

Will reduce Inflamed, Strained, Swollen Tendon», Ligament», or Muscles Stop* the lamenessand f\ pain from a Splint, Side Bone or \i Bone Spavin. No blister, no hair
n. gone and hone can be used. $2 s o a
p/k bottle at druggists or delivered. Describe your case for special instructions and interesting horse Book 2 R Free*
sSeehh fissssBasS
! but wants to experiment.	U“'6IM- J,“ *”
on
III
an
CUT
Grape-Nuts
Myrtle Cut
OR

<

SI
f

The use of canned goods at the ¦These words express the general ent tim€ is anything but patriotic.
opinion of all Norwegians entitled to	families have a garden of their
speak with authority In these matters. owf por those who have not, the They consider It a matter of Impor- <jtvref| are ^111*#. plenty of fresh tance that the two kindred nations veTetat,ies and they are about as should never cease to meet one an- ^ ftg anything we can buy.
-ther in a friendly and businesslike
spirit of mutual confidence.
A Fitting War-time Food
“There's a Reason”
4
A 9
A
uS*Alite
I
Cajitodn Food	I.tcenee
ISSUE 28—’18
ED. 7
y
###PAGE###4###
R Musical Treat!
If You are Fond of Music
Gome to the Austin Methodist Church
On Monday, July 22, at 8, p. m.
it, havt
bout flattery le : i théine is» - i v>i M - record t
luvt under tire, ai
THE EQUITY.
SHAW VILLE, JULY 18, 1918.
aplendid < bulldog tv soldier.
1 h ive greit confidence in ti-c A s -Mii > and t l;<i
1

V SO. t
Che wing

art
John P. Mi ell, ex I	New
dead aa the result of an of themselves, and there are over 7(10
dl the city more in training back <»t the linv> '
UX\),0U0 more to follow by the lai August ; so when they gvt lined up | the Tommies and Sammies get to fi idv by aide, they’ll mighty i make K user Kill 1
!
I them xx
aw irtx mg
York city, i« aviation accident
the low* of a distinguished citizen
and
IS THE WORLD’S BEST CHEW
mourns
A Musical Service will be given by the Choir, assisted
by well-known Singers, entitled :
xalted place in the esteem
and affection* of hi# fellow» tome out l>y the fact that his funeral wa> the most imposing military gj»eetaele
ever witnessed in New \ oik
held the rank of major ill tht
He is thought V h jumped from bis machine whei tl latter somehow got out of fell a distant* instant death.
who held at
Th
IS
It is manufactured tobacco in its purest form.
It has a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man's use.
mg
to hi
t
W
A Knight of Christ’s Army
- truly, lUvm Park,
f> 1 6th Ave., Sioux Falls, S. 1 hik

66
Hie lati
X
C
(A True Story of the War.)
1
x mayor
S air - ' : \ '
IP.
i'
Connective Readings
Special Solos, etc
S SCHOOL CONVENTION

liti
15 Cents.
Admission at the Pool
f five hundred feet
(Official Report.)
• e
r*
The annual Convention of the l"u ti n* County Sunday School A>>«Huation
What is probably the final drive of I was held in tin
the Herman hosts to reach Paris ami '•hnwv'llt
i	i	June 23 ami 2b.
victory this summer H’£an 0 At the opening meeting it 2.30, p. m. Sunday mornii with great intensity I Tuesday, there was .t fine turn-out <•!
aïolis the front between the city of leader*, teacher" and « 'fillers, and many
thers iutereste 1 it. S. 8. work. In fa
splendid attendance at all
.'F
Come early if You want a Good Seat.
You are Welcome I
Methodist Vliurvh n Tuesday and Wednesday
O
O
Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and /\sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
a person's interest in mission* was de ter mined hy the amount he or she in vested in them.
Mrs. Burgess then >pokc on " Mem
She discussed the tinu
n the
Rheims and Chateau ThcrrjHHH ¦
Marne,* distance of about fifty mile», h'M%e'.^esaion*
An \merivun army is hotly engaged in After the initial meeting had lieen resisting the enemy in a sector of this opened with devotional exercises hy the front along the Marne river, which is I resident, Bex h W. K. H m is, tie*
i 5SSS STiSTT KfiE
h\ the enemy. 1 ht Sammies ^iVV ;l mmh appreciated address on slid to W keeping the fov xvell in •* The Seopt* and l*ur|H*se of the Les heck. The week will likely witness imputant developments.
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
Y h nu: y Un ki m vtic ani» Kii»nky Ci uk Lxrgkly Vski> With Yki.y («kkat
! SS.
rv Work
pportune for memorizing ; the why it should take place ; and
most
s
reasons
the «	•; valuable mat u to remet
Following this and the rejiorts of the committees the meeting adjourned.
In the evening Dr. Russell again ]+'Y formed the devotional ceremonies, after which the speaker of the evening. Rev. (Î. 11. Baker, Montreal, was introduced.
Mr. Biker is the new Ovnenit Secret of the Quebec S. S. Association, and dwelt most fully on the hroad subject of “How to Conduct a Sunday School.” Mrs. Burgess then made a few fiual remarks, after which the Convention was brought to a closed»)' the of the National Anthem.
For rheumatism or kidney trou this medicine has no equal, and it highly recommended 1 r indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, hitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. It you have a sore luck or sluggish kidneys, two t<» five will remove the trouble.
A. .1. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes
m \ ihi mldei a for over a year two lMettles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness
C. MeCalw, R. M. D. No. \ Renfrew, l was troubled with rheuma-
U‘i
l
rejHirti
places
ire
EXHIBITION
Mlll-S
Next in order came the President s At the outset he expressed
deep regret at the resign*! !: -f the
According to a statement recently Comity Secret a ry-Treasit ?r. Miss Fran
unde hy Field Marshal von Mnkcnsen ! ce> O. Bryson. Then the new Pontiac
mmander-in-chief had : S- s-	™	six helpful
.	.	. lMH.kx being already in circulation in
a good chance of destroying or compel tjijflTent schools in the county and more
ling the Mirremlerof the Bulgar-tierman wert> hoped for. The lack of financial
epjH.sed to him in the campaign support during the year had prevented
1916, and thus have changed the a larger library Wing purchased. The
president reproved the t onvention -i not living up to resolutions made last
and also suggested tli.it ladies at ; Rumanian capital. Something should be equally represented on the
similat C said to have urred on the ext cutivt
ing all through.
At 3.43 Rev. Donald McLeod, of 31**11-t real, introduced the ( Canadian Standard by the government just .*> the way Efficiency Tests Movement for ’teen-age
seemed clear for smashi the Hinden- boys
Mated by Taylor Statten of Toronto, at
first was affiliated with the \ . M. C. A,
and is still financed by it	H
the whole movement is found in Luke
Jesus increased in wisdom
i free hand in the | and stature and in favour with ( iod and
Mr. McLeod described the plan plan to develop the four-fold side of Canadian boys, i. e., the intellectual, physical, soc their nature, meeting adjourned.
The second se.»ion oj»encd at S, p. m Rev. Dr. Russell conducting the dev* tional part. At 8.30 Mrs. P. (». Burgess, of Bell street Methodist Church. Ottawa, who proved such an incentive last \car’s convention, gave an ad died somewhat suddenly following a 1|rv>> anil impressive demonstration in
quarrel with Kaisei Bill. It will be re	teaching .» junior	class. Mr. McLeod
called that old Hindy predicted he	follow,.! with	his	second and final	I..	, n » , «,dress on the L. >. h. I. Movement . e
would m 1 an> «-n Apn ~	* said that the program of these tests v««ui
though the execution of that feat might	on (be	four	fold development	of
entail the loss of a million men. All	Jesus Christ,	ind	as such should	lie
that whilst hi made a ideal for Canadian b y Tla* - k,-i
eulogized the system of charting, a method by which every liny i< shown his own individual weakness and consequent need. Boys must learn to play the man like Christian nun in every jt ! phase of their development. Canada was said t«) l*e never in such dire need of trained leaders as at present, and it enemy generals who failed when victory vvas now time f« »r the Church to exer
apparently within reach, as wa> the vise her influence on the l*y’s develop
Folkming his iddress, Mr. M<
Leod was accorded a hearty vote of appreciation and thanks for his splendid id*iv " -
The addresses of welcome conducted by Rev. Mr. McCallum and Mr. Alex. Meldrum, closed the evening’s progsam.
On Wednesday morning the rc;s»rt of the Sec.-Treasurer was submitted, showing the Association to be in a most satisfactory financial condition. The reports of the various districts followed were highly encourag-
1
sen
UN
OTTAWA
September 7 th to 16th, 1918
l lm<l rheumatism in
1 used
the Rumanian
singing
The lVmventi«»n was a decided sut viewed from every standpoint ; in
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden Products—Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies—Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits-Auto Show-Dog Show-Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time" Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing night, Saturday Sept. 16th -Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
tuny
write*
tisin for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work.
remedy cured me HI	PH
Mrs. Harry ( : race, 500 Haunt St., Renfrew, writes : " 1 was Doubled for years with indigestion and tried all kind* of medicine. Two bottle* of your X if tory Rheumatic and Kidney Vnre completely cured me.”
Mr. 1>. M Hubert son, Renfrew
I have not had an attack of, High ing since I t<H»k the
cess ¦¦¦¦¦¦
fact some of the veteran attendees
claimed that it was easily the best yet. However, too much credit cannot he given those in charge, both the oftict of the Association and the hospital»!* citizens of Shaw ville, who so heartily
Com.
!
1’wo l>ottles of your
f the war, had he not
whole course been interfered with by the politician*
war
i >
flic address was eneourag
western front in 1917 when the offbn->f the French armies was blocked
welcomed the visitors
»ive
l’liis movement, which was ongi
I writes asthma
fourth doses of your remedy.
I Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Mmw
Shawville, (jut 1 , Fort Cotilonge. Que.; ¦¦
berg line and forcing the < human* to
new position" far in the rear.

retire t
It was ever thus where the politicians
imiiand i 11
I'hv base of
Sheriff’s Sale.
withheld from the military
>2
ville Drug Uo longe Supply (|
.1. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St wa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Que. ; o from the manufacturer W. F. Ritchie, Rox 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
the right to exercise field of action i nfine themaelve ters and leave the soldiers to U*»k after the fighting end, the chances are there would I*? fewer blunders committed.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that the under mentioned LANDS ami TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the re*i>ective time and place iw^itionvd below.
John W. Brant, Treasurer
man. fully a
If the politicians would to diplomatic mat-
Stewart McClenaghAH, Presidin',
i direct
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
ad and moral sides of Following the address the
i
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS
posta
MARKET FOR
SlTKKIOR Cot' RT
Saturday's dv>patvhe> included an unconfirmed report that Von H indent »crg, the chief of the German command, had
FOR SALE
District of Pontiac
PULPWOOD
No. 4353.
Coder a Writ de Terres issued from the Suj>erior Court for the District of Ottawa, and addressed to the Sheriff of the District of Pontiac,
In the cause of :—
THE BANK OF OTTAWA, a Uniy jM»litic and corporate, duly iucoi i*»r«it-ed, having its head office and chief place of business in the City of Ottawa, in the Province of Ontario,
Plaintiff,
1 Brown Mare 5 vrs weight
1 Brown M a re 7	“
1 Colt 1 Bay Mare 1 Gray Man 1 Brown Horse 11	4
1 Black Horse 0 To go at low prices and easy terms For further particulars apply to
GEO. CAMPBELL,
Local Agent,
Bristol, Que
1
14«X)
44
13
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
13H0
15
1100
lino
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
are now aware tremendous effort, t
the old war-horse fell fat short realizing his hopes; yet his estimate of the human wastage involved in the attempt was not greatly overdrawn. _ i« not unusual to report the death of
reach that goal
PULPWOOD
VS
JOHN SVNSTRVM, heretofore of the City of Ottawa, in the Province of Ontario, and afterwards of the Vity and District of Montreal, Province of Quebec, and when last heard of, of the State of Tennessee, one of the United States of America, Lumber-
1 lefend int.
Aiaoug cue pnsoners-oi-war repatriated since the beginning of the year Is Capt. A. Gillies Wilken, of Edmonton, chaplain of a mounted rifle battalion. He was captured at Ypres in June. 1916 strenuous fighting be assisted in carrying ammunition, but refrained from combatant work until be saw a wounded man on a stretcher fired upon. Then, casting aside Tolstoian Ideas, be picked up a bayonet and rifle, and finally came to a hand struggle, using his fists. This led to
To be delivered at sidings along the O. P. R. and C. N. R. Railways
During the
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
was
f Von Kluk in 1914. ment
Litter experience when he As pra gates of the French capital. Then the disastrous reverse at the
man,
Those certain immoveable properties, i" loi lows, to wit the undivided twen-flBBHH^Hiundredths of the follow-
tieally knocking at tl
ty-seven one
ing timlier berth and timber limit held un.h r the laws regarding timber limits >f the Province of Quebec, to wit : — ! the statement appearing in "Canada (a) The undivided twenty-seven one in Flanders" that he was killed. In
######=
number 8, in the fourth range of Block
* A,” in the District of Pontiac and Province of Quebec, and containing twenty-live square miles more or less, and also (b), the twenty-seven hundredths of the South half of berth nr limit number 634, of 1873 and 1874 and being the twenty-seven one hundredths of the South half of berth number 8, in the fourth range of Block "A,” in the District of Pontiac and Province of Quebec, and containing twenty-five square miles more or le^s.
Said undivided twenty-seven one hundredths of both sail timber berth and limit to be sold en bloc and as a wlvde and on the condition that the purchaser shall pay the transfer bonus and other charges exacted by the Department of Lands and frowsts of the Province of Quebec and by the Crown in right of said Province to record and give effect to the purchase of the said undivided share in said timber berth and limit.
NOTICE is hereby given that the sale of the immoveables seized in this cause, formerly announced to take place at eleven o’clock on the sixteenth day of January, 1917, at the Sheriff’s Office in the Court House in the village of Bryson in the District of Pontiae, will take place at the aforesaid office on,the
THIRTY-FIRST day of JULY, 1918, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon
Sheriff a Office,
Bryson, July 8th, 1918
BERNARD J. SLOAN.
Sheriff.
. ante
Marne, to be followed in a :	days by
rumors of Von Kluk’s death. In a mil
Farmers and Dairymen t^e time is ijere
itary sense at least the report was evidently true as nothing definite has since been heard of that individual be that in the method of his disappear
has been found for the
Van it
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
which
anee a way effacement also of Hindenberg ?
ing, several new schools having Wen in augurating during the year.	e
Rev. Mr. Macfarlane followed with an address on “ How to Study the Lesson.” He emphasized the necessity for (1) Re ;»eated reading of the lesson ; (2) good preparation, and, (3) a map of the geographical part. Every person, place and object in a lesson should be studied.
An address on “ The Adult Bible Class ” by Mrs. F. W. K. Harris followed. Mrs. Harris claimed that age did not determine the need of pupils in the adult class. The organization, manner of meeting, procedure, etc., of midweek meeting was described. A discussion followed the address.
Mrs. Burgess then spoke on " Reli-
Sbe reasoned that
Our War Mission.
Ross H. McMaster, of Montreal, assistant general manager of the Steel Company of Canada, will go to Washington to act on the new Canadian war Mission, of which Mr. Lloyd Harris, of Brantford, is to be the head. The commission about to be formed will handle Canada’s affairs in the United States until the end of the war, and Mr. McMaster’s work with the mission will be principally in connection with the iron and steel Industry, In which capacity he will oe the buying agent.
Quebec Timber Law Relaxed
one
As a result of an interview the timber limit holders had a short time ago with Sir Lomer Gouin and Hon. Jules Allard, respecting timber dues and ground rent, and at which the limit-holders agreed to forego certain privil-
tariff has been introduced
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that
saves you more money than any utfier tool used on farm
3	Because it i% so simple that a
child can redily learn to take it apart and put together again
4	Because it is so easy to keep
clean
5	Because it is the only Sei>arator
with a successful interchangeable capacity
0 Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
7	Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it ia so easy to run
9	Because it has a low supply tank
and a high crank
a
eges, a uew which for stum page dues will come into effect at the beginning of 1918-19, and for ground rents, next May.
The new tariff is as follows :
Stum page dues for the first five years price |2.60 per thousand feet ; second five years $3.
Red pine $2 for ten years.
Spruce, $1.60 first five years ; $1.80 second five years.
Cedar $1.40 for ten years.
Cedar ties 10c. for ten years.
Ground rent $6.50 for the first five years and $8 for the second five years.


Did Hard "Bit- for Flea.
After going without tobacco several weeks, so the money could be used to purchase a large American flag, the old Inmates of the Hempstead (L. I.) poor farm recently had the pleasure of seeing the colors break from the flagpole In front of the only home they know.
Some of the men are eighty five years old and the lose of their tobacco a great hardship. #The old fellows talked of the deeds they had done for the colors In the Civil and heard of In the Revolutionary war. as they planned the pleasure that was to be theirs. The overseers of the poor, Daniel J. Morrison had Frank Hainmlll. after the flag raising, gave the patriotic old men fine cigars and they started to make up for the lost smokes.
gious Education trained 8. S. teachers and leaders were just as important as trained people in all the profession®. The primary requisite of religious education was, she said, a map of human nature in the making. The study of the Bible and of methods were also considered important factors.
In the afternoon Rev. Mr. Macfarlane gave the third address of his series entitled 14 How to Teach the Lesson. He emphasized the Bible as the standard book in Literature, and the greatest need at present was to arouse the interest of the 8. 8. scholars in the Bible. Character was, he said, the great foundation upon which men must be built.
Rev. Mr. Taylor then gave a paper on Sunday Schools and Missions in which he offered several valuable suggestions along missionary lines and claimed that
JL
MADE IN CANADA
10	Because it lms other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in li&se attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
was
Remembers our Soldier-Boys
Mr. David Park, of Sioux Falls, 8. Dakota, (a former Bristol resident) in remitting some advance subscription to this paper, includes 30 cents for the Soldiers’ Tobacco Fund, for, as he re
marks, 44 the boys at the front—the hemes of Vimy Ridge—the bravest boys in the British
A CALL SOLICITED.
Agent.
H. E. MITCHEM
army ; the boys who,
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Forty Miles of Jam.
80 enormous 1ms the business of Jam making become In Dundee, Scotland. since the great tirms there organized to supply preserves to the British army and navy that, according to a report sent by E. It. Bottle, U. 8. vice consul there, to the department of commerce, tlie tins In which they put up one week's supply alone “would, If ttood end on end, form a column fuüy SO miles high. It Is no unusual thing for this firm to deal with 100,000,000 irnngcs, and all kinds of fruit are lealt with on a similar scale."
The Dundee manufacturers are shout to give up the u*e of earthenware, glass Jars and tins, for n stout cardboard container Is now being made and experiments with It have proved highly successful.
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
-IVE YEAR
NEW ISSUE
\ Weekly Journal devoted to loom Interests.
6%
PREPARE FOR THE
$6,100,000.
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
CITY OF MONTREAL
nu isohîption, $i a Year in Advance tW All arrears must be paid up before iny paper l# discontinued.
HOLIDAYS
6% FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS

DUE MAY 1st 1923
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100. $500. and $1000.
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November.
Principal and interest payable in Gold in Montreal or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New York, U. S. A.
DATED MAY 1st 1918
advertising rates.
subsequent Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at tin
rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion
%nd 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rales which will be given on application. Advertisements received without In-
Accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub* ||,hod free of cl ge. Obituary poetry
declined.
OUTING BOOTS
$2,10
1.75
1.75
Men’s White Canvas Boots heavy rubber sole
“ white rubber sole

4 4
44
4 I
The legality of the Bonds has tiren approved of by Messrs. Fleet. Falconer, Phelan & Bovey. advocates, Montreal and permission to issue has been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
a
red
it
Tan Running Boys’ White Canvas " Tan Running Youths’ White Canvas
Tan Running
11
a
Referred to Boy Scouts.
When war broke out a young man who was every kind of rogue suddenly acquired a brand-new conscience, nnd worked It overtime, says London Tit-lilts. When he came before the tribunal he had got his conscientious objections all cut and dried. The chairman listened gravely for a little while, until the bogus C. O., warming to his subject, began to get flowery.
“Yes,” he cried, lifting his eyes to heaven. “In 1jXM I was born again!"
“In that case,” broke In the chairman, quietly, “have you any objection to Joining the boy scouts?"
1.50
white
44
44
4 4
PRICE PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
1.50
i<
red
il
it
Subscriptions are Invited by and further particulars may be
obtained at the offices of :
1.25
white
U
il
a
VERSAILLES, VIDRIGAIRE, BOULAIS,
RENE-T. LECLERC
JOB PRINTING.
kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
1.25
ll
ll
red
a

All
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
1 00
INVESTMENT BHOKES
160 St. James Street, - Montreal
Telephone.I Main 12*0 and 1261 (ESTABLISHED I#01)
red
it
il
il
Childs’
Women's White Canvas
a
it
LTD
high leg, Cuban Heel
and Leather Sole 2.75
ll
Quebec
198 St. John M
Montreal
Professional Cards.
Women’s White Canvas Boots, high leg, low rubber heel and rubber sole 2.75
“ Pumps, high heel leather sole 2
“ Boots, white rubber sole
“ Boots, white rubber sole
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
BANQUE D'HOCHELAGA
Lumping Them Off.
A tiny girl had made It her custom to enumerate by name alt the members it the family and the close friends, in her evening prayers, but at the ?lose of a strenuous day of play she ,vns tired and after the opening petl-lon she yawned, then added sleep-ly : "And please Just bless the whole much.”	___- —----------- "
DR. A. H. BEERS
S3
U
U
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE.
SURGEON DENTIST
- Que.
1.50
u
4 4
Campbells Bay Doctor of Medicine sntl Muster of Surgery
Dootor'of Dental” Surgery, University of
Llcentîateyôf Dental Surgery, Quebec
1.25
Misses’
<<
YOUNG MEN
Holiday Groceries
Wind whipped $57 in bills out cf he hand of Mrs. Mary Guis, of Shepp-ton, Fa., and not a dollar was recovered.	____
Call in and see our nice display of
STRAW HATS
We have the one that will fit you.
15
S. A. MACKAY
Peanut Butter in jars Clark’s Tongue Ham Veal Pate Clark’s Sliced Smoked Beef Finest Mixed Pickles
Sweet Gherkins Onion Pickles Olives—plain or stuffed
25
notary public
Shawvllle,
Humors of the War.
The unfailing sense of humor that sustains the soldier in this war is not as fully appreciatde as It might be at home. It is hard to smile and crack Jokes with death and mud tugging at the heart-strings, but the merry quip and joke play a part In keeping up the fighting spirit of the men| Christmas number of the Maple Leaf Magazine is fuU of good things, and has a laugh on every page. Some of the leading writers in England are contributors. There is "Dragonet”— George R. Sims—who has discovered Canada In England, and who, after constant intercourse with the Canadian. lads overseas, calls Canada "Our Lady of Smiles.” To "Dragonet” a "Canadian In khaki and a smile have become synonymous.” But it Is not only the contributed articles by famous writers that reveal the smiling face of the Canadian soldier and light up the drab background of war. The letters received from the relatives of soldiers, touching questions of separation allowance and pensions, are full of quaint humor that keeps the officers well supplied with mess-room yarns. Here are a few extracts from letters that have found their way into the Maple Leaf Magazine:
"I have not received no pay since my husband ’as gone nowhere.”
"We have received yours truly—I am his grandfather and his grandmother. He was born and brought up In this house in answer to yours truly.”
"You have changed my little girl Into a little boy. Will it make any difference?”
"My Bill has been put in charge of a spittoon. Will I get more pay
"I am glad to tell you that my husband has now been reported dead.”
"In accordance with instructions on ring paper, I have given birth to twins enclosed in envelope.”
A correspondence that brings such gems would keep a whole battalion grinning.
25
Que.
for 20 and 35
35
44
We have also a complete stock of
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
20
41
SPORT SHIRTS AND SUMMER UNDERWEAR.
15, 20, 25
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ao.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawvllle Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\,
44
The
MURRAY BROS
G. F. HODCINS GO. LTD.
M
SHAWVILLB.
THE TAILORS
GEO. C. WRIGHT, K.G.
, Jtc-
past six or seven years. Tne cost of production was 40 per cent, greater than the average for the same period, nevertheless the manufacturers who were able to make deliveries have secured a fair margin of profit. In 1913, the year before the war, spruce deals alongside a vessel in a Maritime Province port cost about $12 per thousand and were sold for about $16. Last year the cost was $15 and the selling price $21. The manufacturing cost of boards and scantling is, as a rule, about 10 per cent, more than that of deals, and the selling price is generally about $2.50 per thousand feet less, except In the case of good pine boards. The latter are worth at the time of writing about $23 per thousand loaded cars for export to the United States. It was Impossible this year to ship deals to England on private account, excepting in small odd steamer lots, and early in the season, by sailing vessels.
After agriculture, the only two important Industries, as yet, in the prairie provinces are lumbering and coal mining, and while their proportions in relation to agriculture are insignificant, spruce lumbering contributes appreciably to the prosperity of the northern districts of all three provinces.
With the cessation of building operations after the commencement of the war, the lumbering Industry suffered a severe set-back lasting for about two years, but with good crops and high prices for agricultural products a strong demand set in for lumber for farm uses, and during the past two years the sawmills and lumber yards have experienced a mar'ted
The cut for 1916-17, which would probably sl ow lome Increase over the preceding taa-is not yet ascertainable. The
I
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
• huh. the LUMBER INDUSTRY
196 Main St.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In
HOW WAR CONDITIONS HAVE AFFECTED THE DEMAND.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
The Trade In Ontario Picked Up In the Past Two Years, Hut Quebec’s Output Was Below Par the Pacific Coast Come Reports of Increased Activity.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
From
Fort Coulonge every Wed «nesdav and Shawvllle every Saturday.
OR over two years after the outbreak of the war the lumber trade of Ontario remained below normal, but considerable activity then developed with the Increasing demand for military and manufacturing purposes, prices advanced and a steady improvement set in which has continued throughout the greater part of the past season. As predicted in 1916 the scarcity of labor, high wages and the greatly increased cost of supplies tended to
F
Devlin St. NImie & Duclos
Custom Sawing1.
on
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL '
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
191 MAIN ST,
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
V*
GEORGE E. MORENCY
PROPRIETOR.
T. SHORE
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of |ault that the output in the Georgian
Executed carefully to the satlsfao- yeaf were actjve ones, with a strong
tlon of parties.	demand from the United States as
HULL, well as from the home trade, prin-Iclpally for munition and other purposes, with the result that dealers in western Ontario are carrying over lighter stocks than in the previous year.	_
curtail the cut of logs, with the re-
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Menu-
A Link to the Past.
Joseph Mayo, born in Langley, B.C., one hundred years and eight months ago, died at the home of his daughter, Mrs. P. Hernandez, In Vancouver, recently Hawaiian, the first to arrive on the coast of North America. In his early days Joseph Mayo followed trapping and hunting, and when the Hudson Bay Company established Its fort at Langley, he assisted in its construction. The dead pioneer was one of the party that met the steamer Otter and the steamer Beaver when these vessels arrived at the fort with Governor Douglas, Reâr Admiral Baynes and other distinguished visitors for the purpose of establishing the mainland capital. On Nov. 19, 1858, the Union Jack was flown over the fort.
A Soldier Novelist.
Capt. Theodore Goodrich Roberts, a member of one of Canada’s best known literary families, has found time in spite of his duties with the overseas forces to write a novel. The book is entitled “Forest Fugitives,” and gets away altogether from the grim affairs with which Capt. Roberta has been connected for the past three years. It is a story of pirates and adventure in New Brunswick In early colonial days, before the Dominion of Canada was ever dreamed of.
From One School.
As a memorial to the valor of the men, of Trinity College School, Port Hope, who have given themselves in the service of the Empire on the fields of France and Flanders, a new building Is to be added to the college group, to be known as the Junior School. Trinity men up to the lumber of 636 have engaged In over-| service, and up to the present ii have been killed In action.
ments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
102 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
His father was a
GEORGE HYNES
The cut of lumber last year In the Province of Quebec was from 30 per cent, to 40 per cent, smaller than that of 1916. Unfavorable logging conditions last winter, together with the great scarcity of labor, contributed to the decrease. Il I Mi reason is that a number of firms which ordinarily manufacture both lumber and pulpwood have been converting all their spruce logs into pulpwood. The position of the lum-,	. ... ¦	I her Industry at the present time is
and E M B A Lb IVI INu unsatisfactory as far as the manufacturer is concerned, owing principally, to labor conditions and to the excessively high cost of everything used by the lumberman. The effect will be to curtail logging operations again ,	this winter and to reduce the output
All calls tvill receive prompt per 0f lumber for 1918. The export trade
souftl Attention	to Great Britain has been very light
owing to the lack of tonnage. There
i demand for Cana-
and cemetery work a speciality
return of prosperity
FENCING
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Open allhours.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
sons,
figures for the previous year are as follows:
Another
Feet
.	231,223,000	$3,463,843
.	146,571,000	2,093.578
.	123,196,000	1,674,270
.	160,336,000	2,304,226
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
1912-	13
1913-	14
1914-	15
1915-	16
In the British Columbia lumber Industry the Improvement reported over 1916 *aa more than maintained, and although the demand has now slackened considerably, the feeling Is distinctly encouraging. The output of the coast mills was about normal as compared with the 60 per cent, cut of the previous year, and the selling price of common lumber has been about $6.25 over the price prevailing in 1916. The production of the year is estimated at 1,250.000,000 feet, an Increase of 26 per cent, over 1916. The consumption has been almost exclusively either local or for export eastward. As only the very best quality of spruce can be utilized for the manufacture of aeroplanes, It Is feared that the large quantity found unfit for this purpose will glut the market. Fortunately stocks on hand are about the same now as In 1916, when they were the lowest for several yearr. The Queen Charlotte islands, where there are large blocks of standing spruce, are coming Into the field as producers, and several mills are being erected
UNDERTAKING
A
Shaw ville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (R) 7.35, a. m Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m
Ottawa—Maniwaki :	„ I
Lv Ottawa Central (A) u 9.00, a. m Lv < >ttawa Lv Ottawa
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m Lv Ottawa 14	(A) 6.40, a. m
Lv Ottawa 44 (B) 8.45, a. m Lv Ottawa ” (A) 3 30, p m
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (R) 9.00, a. m.
Lv. Ottawa 44	" (B) 4.45, p. m.
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12 25, p. m
W. J. HAYES
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
SHAWVILLE
WAIN STREET
(opposite J. U. Shaw's
64	(C)	12.55, p.m
14	(B) 4.30, p.m.
has been a g
dlan lumber in the United States, but shipments to that country have been hindered by the car shortage, market in Canada for manufactured lumber has been quiet on account of the Inactivity In building operations and the temporary falling off in the . QUE. I demand for munition boxes. The
demand for lumber, however, has been better than In 1916 and prices have ranged from 20 per cent, to 30 per cent, higher.
There were no forest fires of consequence during last year In the Maritime Provinces. The lumber put in these provinces in 1916-17 was estimated at 700.000,000 feet, or about 25 ner cent, below the average of the
• III!
J. L. HODGINS
The
AOKNT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •
Ottawa—Winnipbo—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.06, ». m.
Explanation of sign* :-<A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
MPTLY SECUR
only
seat
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S AD VISER, which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
864 University 8L, Montréal.
###PAGE###6###
Y
i a
Cream Wanted |
6WEET OR CHURNING CREAM
lor* cooking of several cenvita,
dried bee ne end peas.
Consider now, the water in whldfj vegetable ere boiled. If boiled theyj must be, do not pour off the fret wsw The French investigation show ed that the water over which carrots had been steamed contained but eixj ty -hundredths per cent, of the tot*£ material aa compared with three and) •eventy-flve hundredths found in the water in which they been boHed.________________________
mm
2
You may be deceived
,'Ai
1
m
I
We supply cane, pay expreaa chargee and remit dally.
Our price now le forty-el* cente
Mutual Dairy T43-6 King St. W
some day by an imitation of
Ur
it
and Creamery Oo.
am
)

•at

f
NEWS FROM ENGLAND
per
FRESH GARDEN FOODS.
Scientiste Inform us that by our fifty per cent., with thirty per cent, cooking methods we have been undo- for cabbage in boiling and fifteen per ing much of Nature’s handiwork. cent, for carrots. Steamed cairote Take the case of the Irish potato, showed a gum of only three per cent. When you pare it and, being a cleanly but the waste involved in acraping the person, slip it into a pan of water for fresh carrots was twenty per cent, a while before putting it on the fire, and that in peeling after boiling but do you know that you pare off and ten per cent, of the weight as pur-soak out of it a nice round percentage chased.
.	. A ..	...	. .of its food value Î
A correspondent urltos i\ w y0U p0Ur away the first boiling water larger loss of salts from boiling than more land bids fair to be one whn ng from y0Ur r0ot and green vegetables, from steaming. This also was true of cornfield this year.	d0 you know that you send down the the dissolved sugar, starches and the
I he King and Queen will attend B6I*e , kitchen kink not a little of the food Rke. Jn this latter class it was prov-
CHAPTER XI.-(CuntM,	MU \ 3	ZTofZwZ
Slowly she took her way toward tiu ^	^ of Bght hung against the 1 !ie neVN Red ( rvMfl '\v n long have been known, and here they found in the raw substance, while
veranda again, and once m0**® , 3* clouds. From a tiny incredible swift- Manor Hoad. Tottenham, hat been for- j are jn Vfgetables ready for the using, those which were boiled whole showed \\ uriell greeted her with quei uious n##^ bespeaking 8ome highly inflam-1 mally opened by Princess Christian Thc bating of the heart, the building B loss of seventeen per cent, and those
“He said he was leaving.	I ••yeS| one of his ranches, the one A 'Memorial window has been ded tassium, sulphur, phosphorus, all than forty per cent, of all salts pre-
Mrs. Wurrvll stirred uneasily.	tb;kl U9ei\ to be the Robbins ranch. : rated in l^ower deeding ( hurcli by the i these and more, are needed or the eent in the fresh substance, while the
“I’m feel in queer-all shook UP-, xhat«9 it> beyond a doubt. Well, Bishop of Chichester to the late Capt. j work of the body will not go on satis- carrots which were diced before boil-
ssasstti
*£%? wsSrnmmm
That same afternoon found Julietta set afire by Jake, and it’s high time tram cars on Sunday and a a no r ^ ^ 80aked in water for a short time
at the county courthouse. Searching for us ranchers to get together. eA*" , r ®n.we?/ aays;	; before being put over the fire
the dusty old records of twenty years Arson is bad enough; next thing we Elizabeth Mary Ann Orchard a	potatoes were washed in their
gone was a tedious task. She made know it may be murder, unless we street car conductress, lost her life by .	. . plunged into boiling water
explanation to the recorder, nor can find some legitimate course of nc- falling off her car on the curve at Ken- J „	renj(nv This results
;###« ’sSmmm-s—
Vina, but the recorder proved an able here and now—to-night ! Lets visit ' n ‘	*	1	( 1 .	1	As another experiment, spinach and
assistant.	the nearest ranch and start the word Mrs I^lper, L.IX8 has been «P ,	elected because they were Ï
The ranch had t>elonge<l to I^arry around for a mass meeting to-morrow pointed as woman dentist by the Es-	’	•	known to be* I
tied, Julietta made careful notes of ed; get them all there.”	, One hundred and fifty more men be- of the family of yege > e.	g
the facts as recorded, smiled her “Good! What then?”	longing to the Birmingham police force most through boiling, were prepared j |
thanks to the official, and left him “I dont know yet. Will you do have joined the army	** lf for table service except for the _
rather mystified. After which Juli- it?”	: ‘Vaf. n mroh»ii » rhnrUv farmpr omission of the seasoning
ranch that evening in his car. Juli- He was fired with enthusiasm yet For taking one match Into a muni- *er , d " found to re,uH in, etta and the Wurrells were sitting on Julietta could see that it was not al- tlon‘factory Jessie Adelaide Price, of ;	K	. i
the veranda. The sun had dropped together enthusiasm to crush Andy i^yton, was fined ten shillings.	a of one-third of the pur n •
behind the purple peaks, and in the Burt, but it was also an eagerness Birmingham collects about six hun. weight of this vegetable, including the
ussy?* ,he "" -- ¦ ax ïïs*i. ïaï “ -7 r r zza
"‘Nor was° his ’thought difficult for Tooting the car's horn vigorously. Ix>rd George Hamilton stated at a divided into tilree parts'
:?™T;. ........ ... ^.. ..
glances, and it angered her into sil- it at the schoolhouse, and probably chapel Royal, Savoy, recently, of Cap- 8TT,all a quant t> of water as was pos
some of us will have ideas to present. uin John McNaughton, Canadians, and able without the need of replenishing.
fr'vtïï:£1 %
The girls around here—	noth ng definite. Isnt there anyone ^ memorial has been unveiled at ! *n£
His voice trailed away as a flash of who has a legal enough mind to put light from the road traversed the ver- things into concrete form?”
He stared forward with a “By George!” Clay jumped at the
“Say, well have a peti-f or mal demand that
B114
and possibly you will not detect this imitation until the tea-pot reveals it. Demand always the genuine •‘Salada" in the sealed aluminum packet, and see that you get it. if you want that unique flavour of Iresh, clean leaves properly prepared and packed.
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE
Occurrence* In the Lend That Reigns Buprtme In the Gommer»
.	da! World.
100
»
A
Likewise, when
Runaway Julietta
Each group showed a very much

Bv Arthur Henry Gooden
smks.dosefts
•a£
mice


Ing lost eleven and one-half per cent, of the total salts and twenty three per cent of phosphorus in addition to the twenty-six per cent, soluble carbohydrates.
In this method of cooking, the loss in steaming was as small, relatively, as the gain was large, over boiling. Steaming conserved both the mineral substances of the green vegetables and the sugar of the carrots French investigation showed similar losses In the comparative cooking of Brussels sprouts, cauliflower, celery, asparagus, com, beans and lentils which had been boiled for thirty minutes
six per cent for total mineral matter and fifty per cent for potassium. A loss of potassium as high as seventy-two per cent, was found from the
were
¦ s
%


X
c
Then
Cl
%
The average loss was thirty-
UJ «. as 25
no
t. wmoMToo.
Lssssva#
» HAMILTON Æ
an



Trkere%
is Beautyy in b/ery j
v Jar /
The



Following this they were
Itlÿçis
in rvOfVJAR
t
^lamiNilkweedCW»
'’^iüichF: Ingram Co
^-^•-ÏÏÎSS.th.cH
en ce
IngtZittfs
Mütovêed Ctêattl
The three portions were then spread trays of enamel ware and dried in : the ovens of the gas ranges. Finally these portions were ground, separately of course, in a common coffee mill and bottled to await analysis.
Great Easton, Duiimow, by General Beale Colvin, M.P., to E*aex men who have fallen In the war.
The Freemasons of North Ixmdon will provide, equip and maintain a fleet of motor ambulances for twelve months at the Western front.
None of the street lamps in Bristol will be lit during thirteen summer weeks.
The people of Zanzibar have sent to Britain a further sum of £20,000 for war purposes.
A hospital Is to be built In Woolwich as a memorial to soldiers who have fallen in the war.
No land in Hyde Park will be available for allotments, as It Is all re-
on
anda.
frown

“Huh! If there ain't a flivver ' tion ready turning in here," exclaimed Wurrell. Burt recognize our water rights!
“Yes,” said Julietta demurely. Then we’ll take it straight to Burt !4Clay Thorpe promised to take me and demand His signature.” for a little drive this evening.” She Julietta turned astonished and derose and held out her hand to Burt,	lighted eyes upon him. She had been
upon whose face black gloom had	thinking of him as a big, strong, undescended.	trained boy. and she had found him a
She gave a relieved sigh as she keen, forceful man of action.
3$. WtKttTSCSS wÂWUtiÇ «3 ms
S3,	a WttbJftV=sre
loud ^	to my house and do it now!”
• There's no sense in it-not • bit." The old petty rebellion against His look was a question. Julietta meekly submitting to another ¦ will rrmtimird	seized upon Julietta. She felt con-
"l % thinking about the water	fused, carried away by the force of hi.	qulred	for military purpose.^
proposition " She straightened up.	will, and resented It.	A	dead	whale,	measuring	over
“I'm in earnest. Even in the little , But I don t care to po to your, seventy feet, was washed ashore at time I’ve been back here, what I’ve house, ( lay, she flared indignantly. Felixstowe a few days ago. seen and heard makes me wild to be H®	8»ve a STeat, ^ager, boyish wire worm Is doing a great deal of
S3-swwry
BH;	ssh ïrù“'£ir
Government doesn't take into oonsid- back, A Will, Q*y>, eration the cost of pumping."	<To be continued.)
She laid an eager, impulsive hand
on Clay's sleeve.	„	...	.	^
“Now listenl If all the parties tn- Sunshine Rain In the Country.
ESSriSS?551® ”4rjfcM,,sr *
Clay nodded. The girl continued Like a veil of mist over hill and
eagerly:	plain
"Let's begin right now to find that To gladden the flowery throats, one mind. Can’t we?”	>	,	^	.	.
He was silent for a moment Then, The soft, warm rain from the sultry
• Yes, it’s possible,” he returned	skies,
ravely. "No concerted action has Reviving the thirsting things: tried becaus* there’s really no For it the kine uplift their eyes,
couiT v.	For It each song bird sings.
"But don't you see that such con-1 "	#
certed action .in itself is a court of old mother earth so dry and baked appeal?” she cried. “Why have you ; gends a message to each cloud, been sitting here a1! these years with-	^er |ong> |^g thirst is slaked
°UVK't>The answered. "I've been Her harp string. wUl thrill .loud. h.re just six month*. I’ve been etody; Qh fof the sweet sun.Wn, rain,
SSS3.. wsr-J
terested? If—look? Isn’t that a fire over there?”
Clay glanced around. Jammed down *is brake# with a low word, and sat
et*B7*G#orge, It la?” ho broke out.
Next, cabbage took Its turn. It washed, the heart discarded and
Two Sizes—50c and $1
was
one-sixth of the purchase weight went to waste
each divided into three parts to make the three samples representative. The same process as for the spinach was used: one-third for the drying, uncooked; one-third for the steaming and one-third for the boiling. The steaming of the cabbage required a third more time than the boiling and the difference in bulk was noticeable.
For a root vegetables, carrots were chosen, for it had been said that the common practice of the housekeeper of cutting the carrots in half or dicing them to form a more attractive dish for the table, sacrificed much of the nutritive value; that carrots boiled whole retained their food values
much better for the experiment were chosen cere-fuHy as to their relative size and weight. They also were divided into three lot». Some previous experiments had shown that scraped carrots lost heavily In comparison with the cooked In Its outer covering, which may very ***Hy be removed after cooking.
Of these three lots one wa# «craped, put through a meat grinder and dried; another was washed and plunged into boiling water; the third was scraped, cut into small and attractive pieces and nearly covered with boiling water. Of course k required for thé cooking of the e
an i% did for the cooking of the carrots cut into small portions. When sU were cooked they were cruAed, dried in gas ovens, ground, lghed and put into bottles. The
analysis followed,
To average housekeepers, the tabulated loss In aA, phosphorus, Oakland magnesium is unintelligible.
However, we can readily understand the statement that the losses from boiling spinach were almost
touch of Ingram’s Velveola Souveraine Face Powder, 50c. It alsoconceals the minorblem-ishes. Included in the complete line of Ingram’s toilet products at your druggist's is Ingram’s Zodenta for the teeth, 25c.
You arc young but once, but you can be youthful always if you care for your complexion properly. Daily use of Ingram’s Milkweed Cream prevents blemishes,overcomes pimples and other eruptions. Since 1885 its distinctive therapeutic quality has been giving health to the skin and youthful color to the complexion. It keeps your skin toned up, soft and clean.
Three heads were selected,
A Picture
with Each Purchase
Each lime you buy a package of Ingiam’s Toilet Alda or Perfume your druggist will give you, without charge, a large portrait of a world* famed motion picture actreas. Each time you get a different portrait so you make a collection for your home. Aek your druggist
The refined way to banish oiliness and shininess of nose and forehead induced by perspiration, is to apply a light
It's all right. Dare—my aunt Mary’s there
\T am a «in «4 A
<93)

F. F. Ingram Co., Windsor Ontario
The carrots selected
• 4
h
Bee Song
4
I
Williams
pianos
Little belted honey seekers,
Come and drain these brimming beak-
&
0
er si
carrot
#
»
»
All Is yours to have and hold Stores of coreopsis gold;
New
A
A
Much of pleasure, much of treasure, Riches without staint or measure,
In the chaliced hollyhocks And the purple spires of phlox! .
And if ye be generous hearted,
When these bland hours have depart
6

o
E
t
T
HE Pure, rich, mellow tone, snd the sensitive responsiveness of this famous Instrument combine to lift It high above the commonplace. It le a piano that will maintain He enduring charm for generations.
more time carrots left
»
ed,
? V.
j I shall taste, as nights grow long, Honey with the honeyed song!
whole
r «
Meeting the Labor Shortage.
A farmer In Indiana drives s team
of six horses
and leads three
. He works nine horse# and two modern farming Implements, and does Scalloped codfish and rice 1» dell- the work of several men and teams clous. _____________ ......	.	under the aid system of farming.
Georgian Medal, S500.00
THE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAVA. ONT.
Canada'# Oldest and Largest Plano Maker#
hitched to a dWc Dkxw i horses drawing a nar-
ipa
Through the rainbow In the skies
am
row
A
A

###PAGE###7###

i
Topics in Besson
Feeding high-priced fertiliser weeds indicstos the slscker at hi* worst
Why spoil s fifty-dollar mower for the sake of two cents' worth of machine-oil?
The bug that takes the biggest toll
Is the bug of carelessness.
A good way to get rid of poison-ivy Is to spray It with kerosene and set fire to it.
Burying the water jug in the furrow
But have
Over 45 Municipalities
This year It would Hem patriotic to grow the broilers to a large else before marketing them, but reach a weight of about two pounds. The email broilers should bring a fair price and when turned Into cash they will furnish available funds for properly feeding the pullets.
At the present price of grain it does not seem that capons and roasting chickens can be very profitable djMH |. The present indications to predict that it will be safer to market young broilers and raise high-class and well-fed pullets to pro-
f rf A	« V
für\ i 3
in the Eastern Townships and vicinity am now being served with light and power bv the Southern Canada Power Company, Limited
TTila territory to a good industrial district, said to growing rapidly, thus insuring increased demand for power and light
We recommend the 6% Bonds of this Company, which we are offering with a ^>rjus " common stock, thus giving investors an opportunity to participate in the future success of the
Company.
Send for circular, and map showing territory
N
By Agronomist	¦¦¦ I JBB
Co., Ltd.. 73 Adelaide St. W.. Toronto
». »... ,
A short while ago I went into the when the time draws near for the stable of a farmer friend who lived cow to have the calf, she should be shout a mile or so from me. He was pjace(j jn a separate pen or box stall,
Just feeding his cows. I noticed that ,,nrgc enough »0 that she can move
he measured out the grain ration for around eaeily. The bowels should be on the farm Is the dinner-bel.	¦
the different ones and also each one % t free by the use of laxative feeds. I The greatest achievement in har- dealers or the commission men the hay that wan needed. There was Root8 are valuable. A good feed for vesting is heating bad weather to It. ever| every farmer has to figure out one cow that only received hay for her n cow 8ome time before and after she Many folks have forgotten how W most of his own marketing problems I asked him why he did not uH8 ver caif \n whole oats that have stack hay. This rule is a good one: for himself—Some find it takes too give her any grain,	been swelled by having boiling water Keep the middle full and drive around much time to dress and market pmil-
EliB
"I do not see where there d be any	d ’ the cow in-i There is only one right way to little more instruction along that; line
While, a, a rule, cows have their That which we acquire with moat vated is, a* a cleaning crop, almost, rhea?rtfTw “rrL. and grapes and is too busy or not interested enough to
calves born without much trouble, difficulty we retain the longest.	I equal to a summer-fa ._ found (diem so little expense or trou- give good culture let them haul out a
they should be watched carefully as , _.	¦ —¦	¦¦	¦¦¦¦^	- -hie. and the fresh fruit so much supe- load of manure and mulch the pat h
the time draws near, and if there are “	ziAAfX Iir II VII AVTFCTIA1U DAY	nor to the crushed, half mouldy, and fairly deep and this will keep dowri
any signs of difficulty, help should (if)Ilf) HFAL1H UUlMIUIi UvA otherwise undesirable fruits purchas- the weeds and give the fruit a chan e be gotten quickly, if it is to be of l UWV IlL/lLHI	^	^ at the grocery. 0f course, nice for blackberries are very hardy in
use. After the calf is born the danger ' -	-.	home-grown fruit from the store is plant, and not easily discouraged. If
from milk-fever should be guarded.	Ry	Andrew F. Currier, M D.	aq right, but that is what you can the mulching i« done at once after
While perhaps it may not be neces-	^ Currier will answer all signed letters pretalntng to Health.	If_ your | hardly flnd unleS9 there is a regular planting there is less likelihood of the
sary for every farm to have a milk- QUe6tlon *, of general Interest it will be answered through thw| columns, , fann jn the vicinity> for farmers vines sprouting so much, for the roots
ihe is not giving milk perhape, she is g|mpie; in fact, many times a common	HEADACHE REMEDIES.	gee no possible reason why they should	'vineyards on hillsides that
fir “ IKS atfK screws ynsu btsslcs £sl sa “.fi jss --- £ 2 arasa irJ L“'1
iiiil
of planting and letting it go. Of concede.—J A. Kent.
will keep the water cooler
a big Jug,
Beware of so-called headache pills,
Practically all
this year
seem
tablets or powders of them contain a coal-tar, heart- depressant drug which is often danger- duce egg8 nex^ fsll and winter, ous.	When there Is time for marketing
One of the most popular utensils 8mau orders to private customers it
better than selling to the local
How-
served.
paya
BOHDS may be fubohasbd feob us
OB MO
NE8BITT, TH0M80N & COMPANY
Investment Bankets	Limited
Mercantile Trust Bldg.
222 St. James Street
fed
Hamilton
Montreal
HOW IS YOUR BERRY PATCH ?
to feed anything but hay to bis cows
that were dry.
As I looked at the cow that was getting only hay, the one that he had told me he expected would have a calf in a few weeks, I was surprised. She was very thin. To look at her I would not have known that she was to freshen soon, on him
s few farmers that feel as ho does. They do not think that a cow that is not giving any milk needs much to
I felt that the joke was really I know that them are quite
eat
very
milking, before they have their calf.
Cows should have exercise In moderation during pregnancy, as with these that are kept in too close confinement, there is sometimes difficulty during
calving time and violent exercise or conditions which might lead to slipping 01 jumping is bad, as such may cause abortion. Cow yards where they get their exercise should be free from Ice and be even and smooth HHHHfl are kept, in the stable a large part of the time should have the platform or floor under them level; floors chat slope towards the rear cause an natural pressure to be brought to bear
Of course, too much
Cows that
un-

Cabbage Plants
Of all leading early and late varieties. 46c. per hundred, mall prepaid. $2 60 per thousand, express
C°aÎ£o Cauliflower. Brussels Sprouts
and Onion Plante.
Plante are being shipped successfully to an parts of Canada. Ask for price list
rain
Kero Id's Farms. Frultland. On tarts
Niagara District
eyes to balance
Farmers who ship their wool direct to us get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK ANY FARMER!
who baa sold bis wool both ways, and note what he says— or. better still, write us for our prices ; they will show you how much yon lose by selling to the General Store;
Wt pay the highest prices of any Srm In the country and ars the la i n -el wool dealers In dénuda. Payment le remitted the same day wool Is received.
You may not be the best farmer in , your neighborhood, but you can at least strive not to be the worst.
L.
FUNNY
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON POTTED UNC5

case
I would dispose of her for beef because
this thing up every year

Facts About
Fall Wheat |
i
i
it is a nuisance to have to keep

%
i
t
In the stable, the beat way toi	^ Lettuce Tip.
ills
But in the pasture lot a different
The cow can be
8
6
V
I
I
m
NTARIO Fall wheat powers from manv les claim that fertil-
o


i
"5
v

A

localit
izers saved their 1917-18 wheat crop. How did they do it ?
to prevent it fioro running to seed too quickly.
Good, crisp lettuce is something that all war gardeners are keen to have and frequently it is a disappoint-* ment to them to fio<l it going to seed and coarsening in the process.
If you have not planted your lettuce ip a shaded place, you might build a cheesecloth frame over the planta that beginning to head up, and spray them night and morning during the
is the real
i
a
i
sit

i
plan must be used tied then by having a surcingle around her body and a rope extending from the surcingle to either aide of the heed so that she cannot get her h * to her udder. This, however, prevent# her from fighting flies and is really quite a punishment.
I think the best way probably is to get at almost ad y hardware store what is known as a calf-weaner. This is in arrangement that is fastened in the noee like a bull ring and extending all around on this ring' are long, ¦harp spikes eo that when she goes to •uck-herself these spikes are prodded into die udder and flank and she soon
Cow# can eat fairly well

aw
¦JU h
Last fall the fertiMsed^^wheeJ
rrowtk than

THE NINTH ANNUAL
' TORONTO FAT STOCKSHOW
Union Slock Yards, Toronto

i;
str
a^taa.'
i
i
Last winter the fertilised woe ood the severe weather while
are
i
ynncn
failed.
It
December 5 & 6,1918
The management of the Show wish
the following changée
warm weather. Th s secret of good, crisp lettuce
er*thenVhe unfertilised wheat.

--------•--------- mj
Farmers are buying and using more two-row cultivators this year.
That is why fertilized wheat will yield much heavier this summe r than unfertilized wheat It pays to fertilize Fall wheat

#» announce
previous shows:
There will be no classes for female
i
New Fret Bulletin on TnUWh^U 1'rodut lion nov rsodg. WrU4
I
rue k t*
«VMOWI
gives it up. I	__
out of a manger with an ar < cement
of this kind in the nose. They . to get along on pasture all righ* reasonable length of time « this dont break the sow of the Habit
i
All stoat entered must be owned top
glldtor at least ninety day# before
i anting date of show.
I» addition to single cattle classes
will be tissues for three ant
list will be ready for d-e
ORINOCO
The Soil and Crop
Improvement Bureau
of the Canadlea FertUleer AMocUtk
1111 Temple Bldg., T
Willie built his doe a ho,imi 1 think Il s Une. dont you? And from the smile on puppy's t I Judge he Ukee It test .
i
After a
A PI
nr
• y
Is.
to

U
Promt*® tsibnUon August 1st
a
###PAGE###8###
y
JJew Barber Shop ! NOTICE OF MEETINGS
‘ r 1 orange hall, shawville : To the Farmers and Dairymen,
of Pontiac :
Tie Manille Bool and Sloe Store
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner
O
* O. Y. B. LO
1 I. Il I
Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
•3
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the scarcity of labor.
Irvin Hamilton Keo.-Secy
K. S. H. Workman W. M.
Cheapness in Shoes
Customer* may rely on getting prompt «ml aati ^factory service O. L. No. 27» mecta l«t Tue«<Uy of each
month
Hkrh Hoimiins W. M
The Empire Mechanical Milker
at reasonable rates.
Rku. Mouoinr, I Is one uf the greatest labor-savers, and is now being used extensively
and successfully in mont dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of (lovermnent Kxp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Rx|>eri mental Karins and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
Sec)
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
ROYAL SCARLETCHAPTER meet* cm t In- 14th of each mont h
H. N. HotxiiNS,
W. Umov, in Com
R KO. Hoixjinh ('oiii. Scribe.
Stock for Sale
The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, lias received the following testimonial from u Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL -
To Tiik Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal
I like the Milking Mnehine fine and would not bo without it at any wrier. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking.
I van milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one vent for reimirs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Hay, R. R. No. 1.
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or tlit* undersigned local agent.
2R Grade Ox fard Ewes (all undei 4 years old)
1(1 Ewe Lambs V Wether Lambs l Oxford Ham (rvg.)
(I 2-yeat old Cattle 0 yearling Cattle
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Ami on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, •
Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
WM. COTIE,
Starks Corner.»
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
NOTICE
The undersigned wishes to an non nee the oi>eniiig of a Jewelry Store in the premises lately vacated by K W. Hudgins.
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will foe thoroughly guaranteed and receive his |>er*
stmal attention.
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
First Friday,
BOARD HOLDS NO MEETINGS
MASSEY-H ARRIS
In buying we look for service, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us to the lack of them.
BERT WAINMAN
President Decides All Questions fer Members, but Never Celle Them In for ¦ Conference.
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM
MACHINERY.
Formerly of Rank St.. Ottawa, Ont
NOTICE.
...	. ....	,	_	. , There le no more famlUer tltie
hntiivs i" W h'Mt or l lover ( oni|ieti- among government department» that
t10,1,1 «w purposes must Ik' made the board of trade. It aeema (o be re-
¦ in or 1 K-i¦ >ro July 2.Mh. Sw jK.stcrn.oi eponelble for all kinds of tblno and a-k t-r information ri'jmnling same. .11 ,orta of undertakings and happen-
U. W. iPMM'llNK»	Inga. It will find you n chairwoman or
‘	• V* r. A. S. negotiate a commercial treaty. It con-
sists of a president and a large number of members among whom are reckoned the Archbishop of Canterbury and the speaker of the house of commons, a writer in London Tit-Bit» states.
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Telephone Notice.
| Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
Local and District.
Accounts tor local or long-distance1 calls must i»e paid monthly to the Central operator. Rentals fur the balance 1 <»f the year must be paid in July to the Secretary, whose “dice is now in residence on Main street, opposite the Fair Grounds.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
The Military Department reports that Pte. John George Smith of Campbells Ray (No 33(t7S2) had been wounded in France. Ho enlisted and went overseas with an Ottawa battalion.
H. IMISON,
\rtist in Portraiture
By law these members have a right to be called to discuss questions of trade and to help the president to shape his policy, yet the fact remains no meetings are ever held ! The president never dreams of calling his committee together. He does much as he likes, comes to his own decisions, and then announces that “the board thinks so
men scratched up a couple of ball teams, and *o provided some Posst‘1 white returned amusement for tiio^e who are
Alta., last ! partial to this kind of s;xnt. en enga 1 There w t- ;« li-i of other field on a large rancit for the past eigh- sports run off for which piize-teen months. Alt' got along well were awarded, in the west, but objects to being Something unusual at Orange
so far away from his family, -o celebrations there were no speeches has accepted a imsition in the at this gathering, munition plant at Pembroke, where he went Saturday last to begin work.
It. xv. Ht >1)01X8,
Sec. Pon I». Til. Co
Mr. A. 1 home from Calgary, week, where he has hi
PIANO TUNING
Call and have a talk with
us.
GEO. XV. PINGLK, Piano Tuner ami so.”
One wonders what would happen If
Is in town this week Orders for tuning received at archbishop or some other member
Tin Equity t »mi b.
S3- P S.—Pianos and Phonographs for sale at right prices. It will pay you to investigate.
E. J. HAMILTON
were to insist upon being consulted, this this surprising method of doing business should cease.
The board of trade does not stand alone. Every school-teacher In the and knows that “ray lords” say this and “my lords” rule that. Their full title Is “the lords of the committee of the privy council of education but they never meet, and the vice president would probably be puzzled to name a half-dozen of them. Mr. Fisher and his predecessors rule without ‘my lords,” but in their name. Thus lo they got credit for the good they do and are a refuge in the day of
«ronn.	-SSBSSibk _
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Office and Warerooms
A party of Ottawa young men returned on Thursday evening last from a ten-days outing up! the Pick a nock, in the neighbor- I
hood “t Mr. Fred Way's. Wet C igen is used differently weather almost every day tended trom ordinary chewing tobacco. tO mar the enjoyment of the trip | Take a smaJil pinch, for a start, considerably, yet the buys claim Ard put it between the lower to have had a fairly good time and And in the centre, some of the party got a taste of Afterwards you can increase the the Primeval never before ex- *5ze of !he	to suit the
i>ei ienoed. Some nice trout were ! strength rf th* rbew ^ou deeire. bagged and the boys got a glimp-e I . V'openhafen is strong, beTASse
t*t y l^r amt several deer
HAMILTON BLOCK - - SHAWVILLE.
Antoine Motwtto. for many years governor of Hull jail, died j at his residence on Sunday, July 7th, aged 88 years and II months. His funeral took place of Wednesday following to Notre Dame p Church and Aylmer road cemetery.
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
Another Big Fire in Pembroke
Another big the broke out in Pembioke early Monday morning
"'tLS'vaiue ,!fXSw»to The HIGH COST IN WASHINGTON
fire started in the Thos. Pink Vo.	-------
munitions factory, and is believed Houses and Apartments Rent at Fab-
t<> have been of « nemy origin
i	tobacco erf which it is made is
I cut into gne grains, which mal
es it
impart its strength thoroughly and
Ten or twelve years ago the boys and girls of Sr. grades at the ! <mirK*y
Academy had a class-mate whom Hence, a litttta “pinch ' gnes a they all dubbed “Hilly." and they ;ong _way; *^0W;ng lhat Copenhagen
liSisSS ShSHf
and not long after lie finished	________ _________________________
studies at our local seat of learn- Me La re ns Stoic at Wakefield week reported mx full members ing, he drilled West, and alter was burglarized on Sunday night,	âmes XV. A. Brownlee, H. 11. Horner
engaging in probationary work jujy 7th, the safe cracked ami	John Horner, 1Ù A. Hudgins ; Messrs...
loi- the Methodist Lliureh lor a contents, consisting of 9*100 in cash George Mee and David McDowell ; also ,DKt' 11 ^tar.
time he entered the l Diversity ot all<l about $13,000 worth of bonds nine associates : Madame* J. XV. IIor- The* were ta,kin* «bout the subject Alberta, from which institution and securities stolen. The latter Ler, T. M. Hudgins, E. Hamilton, J. A. * rents- R top,c of absorbing Interest he graduated this year, and was j were subsequently recovered by	Brownlee, Norman Brownlee, H. hen- I n	Washington	Just now,	when	n house
ordained to the ministry a /ho» t1 <oiue buys under a station plat-	dvr-nst II Strutt XV J Horner	,)r	apartment	of	any	kind Is	difficult
safari *
liSSÜf ’SÏtEE Bâiir ^ I
ha- been visiting his old home amt “f*inPhroVh«r. TivlthLr» « ' Mr' ,{ A Hodgins has boon a,,- The two women et the theater were neighborhood during the past two *	. .	‘	. j* 1i i * * t pointed the lied Cross representative WecUKi*hi* thls v^ry thing. What was
or three weeks, and has occupied j>	' nnno-it.V p7n hr.,ko for thil* -rn«r> and #28.50 has been re ”ore- one of them wa* one of those
the pulpits in some of the rural 1 A *11/,mette Maud on S.tl“riled to the club for war work.	wealthy ones In question, Judging from
churches which knew him a- a ^ay Ive.dng .Tulÿëth Just I	W. A Hooonts. I what she said.
°**r*	when the man came to his death
is not known, but it is thought to have been about a week previous to the finding of the body remains were interred at Pem broke.
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
Satisfactorily done
ulout Prices—One Woman Prom lets Ordinary Wear and Tear.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
Red Cross Notes
____	I Two women ant at a local theater
Tl„ R.ltod Willing	-SC
idiom, and wore diamonds galore, write* Charles E. Tracewell In Wash-
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G-. W. DALE
Mad
This Space Belongs to
Dover
“You know, my dear,” sfet was saying to the ether, “I won't say I’m going to use an ox, but”—she smiled significantly—“when my lease is over” nd she smiled again—“well, there M à île S imerville, Eva lis going to be some ordinary wear and Horner, Hula Brown (equal); M t j tear, my dear, there Is going to be Martin, ah*.
Grade VI.
Hill, David H Grade
May Hill (e^ual), Duncan Hodgins Grade IV
( o .i lv II Ralph 11 wner.
Primer II -Cora Stewart, Lillian Belanger. Orveille Brown, Eva Black.
Amie Martin, Herbert
June Examinations
The Twelfth
Hi
No. 14 Clarendon
So far as Pontiac is concerned, the customary observance of The Twelfth by the Orangemen of the District was not marked by any demonstration of particular note, small groups of 1 < »< 1 geaUÉpggHl different iHunts to observe the day instead. This was due in a measure to the restrictions imposed by the Food Hoard, which forbade the serving of substantial dinners, as in the good old days when a world-war was little dreamed of by most Canadians.
The largest gathering held anywhere in the county, was that which assembled at Green Lake, where the Shawville Young Britons and representatives from the lodges known as Knox’s, Radford, Stark’s and Vann, met together and enjoyed the pleasures of “ba-ket picnic. In addition the lodge members present there was a ko quite a large gathering of others who wended their way to that ideal spot to spend the day. There was no settled program of amusements, but everyone was free to make the be-t of the opportunities presented for having a good time. The young
Grade VII

The fellow that caters to
The Judge, He Knows.	I	a «	-	.
and has what every man
ils eyes fell upon a familiar face be- i	- -	#	#
: and boy requires in wear-
be man. who was arraigned for strik-	’
ling apparel at low prices.
he house—you know how it Is, Judge -and my wife set a trap for them. I vas going around the room in my bare
Vera Kilroy, Sadie Ki 1 my, I‘eet—you know how It Is, Judge—not
________~~	~	~ L	" hinklng of the trap. I stepped on the
Grade IV.—Helen Hewer, Raymond >alt and my big toe caught in the Trudeau, Hillis Graham, Harold Bmir- | dmrp wire noose—you know how it is,
geau, Mervyn Henderson
Grade III. — Hilda Graham, Harry Iitrlklng your wife?” “I threw the trap Kilroy, Maynard Morrison, Maggie jit her—you know how It Is, Judg Trudeau, Georgena Trudeau
iome ordinary wear and tear
The Bishop’s Appointments.
The lit. Rev. Dr. Farthing, Bishop of the Diocese of Montreal, will hold Confirmation Services at the several ap-I«ointments in thin county during the present month, as follows :
18th—3, j). m., North Onslow ; 8, p. in., Quy< n.
19th—2.30, p. m., Bristol Mines ; 8 p. m., Bristol Corners.
20th—10.30, a. in.. Caldwell.
21st —10.30, a. m., Portage du Fort ; 2.30, p. in., Park man ; 7.30, p. m., Shawville.
22nd—10.30, a. m., Thorne Centre ; 2.30, p. m., Greermount ; 8.00, p. in., North Clarendon.
23rd—10.90, a. m., Otter Lake ; 8, p. m. Campbells Bay.
24th—2.30, p. in., Bryson ; 8, p. m.,
< larke’s.
30th—10.30, a. m , Da 11 ford Lake ; 3, p. m., Cawood.
Ernest Martin, Grace
uniting at
rner.
Marie Martin, Jos. Brown
John Martin
Primer I Homer, Hazel Black
L. L. Major, Teacher
P.RIKT l No. 3
Don’t forget we have a dandy range of Jewelry, Watches, etc.
Grade V Ruby Smith, Effie Morrison
a
to
udge.” “What’s that got to do with
ind she didn’t dodge It.” “No, I don’t Grade 11.—Francis Bourgcau, Alvin | mow how It Is. You bad been drink-
Hvndt : - n
A B. Ç Class,—Herbie Trudeau, Lyn-I n the workhouse—you know how U
Is,” said the magistrate.
ARCHIE DOVER
n g last night.” “I had one drinla—you mow bow it Is. Judge.” “Two months
don Grahaie, Florence Hewer
