###PAGE###1###





O
No. 33, 36th Yeah
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY
7, 1918
«1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

The Merchants Banh of Canada

THE

K8TADL18HBD 1874
THE
HARDWARE STORE
BANK
EetaHleM 1864
Capital paid up - $4,000,000
4,750,000
OF
OFFICERS :
Sir H. Montagu Allan, C. V. 0 K\ W. Blackwell.
• •	# F. IIkbdkn.
O. V. Macarow.
Rest
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT MANAGING DIRECTOR GEN. MANAGER
OTTAWA
04 Branches In Canada

Paid up Capital .
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets ..
HOARD OF DIRECTORS
WOOD
$7,000,000 . 7,421,292 121,130,558
235 Branches and Agencies in Canada-WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
# e
• e
* e
i
H
lion. George Bryson. President
Bussell Blackburn,
Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Kgau,
Hon .Oecrge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. DtUhle ".	.
John B. Fraser, Vice President. Alexander Maclaren,
M.J. O’Brien,
Hon. Sir George II Ferler.
K. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager :
H, V.Cann.
Chief Inaptctor.
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.”
e #
WANTED, 10 cords good sound
ESSSlHS£g5
2 foot (not 18 inch) Hardwood
vicinity
Delivery any time
Branches at Shawville and Qayon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.

during February
W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
!
II. Im ISON,
Artist in Portraitun
A Valentine Social will be given
|g|pS™
KT SreciAL- 15 ; air* men * box , Numbers of Pioneer O. Y. B. calf boute, Blucher cut, Goodyear welt.	Rre requested to
25fWMjsj5^h	scKsassssts
While in Montreal hint week Mr I #	More than 300 students from other local	î,lking t,,v *SIX highest
mmss
This stock consists of some ninety 1 a , n* ,?*?.* fj>r Soldiers ; \ OCA I ins. English, Correspondence, etc.	Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl
men s suits, thirty odd overcoats j,,msic; Hoil GttH - Divisions of Send for circular.	ings Advocate.
in trench and ulster styles, and tHnada-	D. E. HENRY, President.
overs hundred boy’s suits. This	*	. . _	Cor. Bank and SoarksSt*
lot of clothing was all made up in A novel and practical plan to the last year or so and are all up- use school boys to assist in keep-to-date and the best of workman- lnK Piff* And thus to help in the ship. This stock was bought for campaign for increased hog p
5?«„ ?££ oVÆ	^^asaassrssjSLsew
50 per cent on to-day’s prices. As Hoard of Trade.	birds, for brudlnw purpose*.	1
soon as this shipment arrive he I	_	1 wm, a. HODGINS.
fenHMVjpHw V on
which will be announced
J. H. SHAW.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND “ Canada’s Best ”
11 SCHOOL ^	- 1
COWLING
Ottawa. Ont.
$
B
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
W. E.GowuNf;, H.G. W, Bbaituwait President
Principal
PLYMOUTH HOCK COCKERELS.
EXPERIENCE
VS.
EXPERIMENT.
woLk le Hke learning any other kind of work or trade or pro icmoO'
ro-
Take Time by the Forelock !
II
1 Shawville has good prospects of a creamery, or blitter factory be-
the latter ban accepted, and an	_	Lmv urnf reti i°f SUiCC.c£s of.lhc Graduates
Tzsrsrr: #=-=s .«a=« b^tîî
I™:;:: mmsm rads**
ceaefnl in procuring some ex-	--?- _
ptionally good outside musical The Food Controller advises re-	Z!.LU9 CoLUB0E	HHH
Last week the Presbytery of Ot- talent to contribute a portion of I Stives of soldiers who are still in	^ ' ^iwrke Street,	entrance	between
r?«r&xi?£”«;,kzzd„„*.x*a w„„.
mount, as minister in that Church. ft*?ture will be well worth the ad the camps, and additions to the The service was a splendid one, nil«smn price alone. Come and liberal rations issued are liable to well attended by the congregation H?Are 111 the enjoyment to be pro-1 he wasted, and interesting in all its parts. v*ded, and at the same time assist Rev. F. W. K. Harris, Bristol, was the . Indies in carrying on their the Moderator of the vacancy and K^od work.
also acted in the office of Moder- .	.	.	.	,	i RnM R A
rz 'Basffi’vartra ^ssrse»**;	SiehA^ W
Thompson. Rev. J. A. Macfarlane,	A0.1!6 Bellevue, Farmers Mr. Edey McKechnie, Wyman,
Campbells Bay, preached the aer- Week this year, is going to be an speutSunday with friends iutown.
ESEK-feÈ tçfss; i-r„s iisaaa*
late minister, addressed the people. 8P?* *H1 rates will be given by the Miss LeGalley, of Aylmer, was Rev. Mr. Harris "asked the ones- always and special board ac- the week-end guest of Mrs. C. H. tions, narrated the steps, and in- commodation will be arranged by Hodge.	. _
ÊEx	-conducted the minister to be in- ^<Hk management, seed growing, Mr. Ivan Thomson, Ottawa, .	Gar (1917 model)
trod need to the congregation.— hay and better crops, and judging spent the week-end at his home ' PP1* to G. C. Hodoinh, Shawville.
-	" *	livestock.	herein™™™ ¦ ¦	—-
Shawville
on
Prepare for Spring
N. i. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa, Ont
Induction at Ft. Coulonge
ce
ITew Dress Ginghams	-i q
attractive patterns -Lb/C

ifiROWN Optical
PERSONAL MENTION
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
25
visited
IT avy Prints
20
552 St. Catherine West
Light Prints
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
Heaver Duck and
Gingham Sheetings
30
Com
Miss Alva Turner, Ottawa, viait-1 (Protestant p refermé ' w i U ^ p»y^
"=Z."=|	BSœ‘--'-I-l«=e=y»-’=
their sight as one result of the four miles from here, was burned Mrs. Mackay, who has been visit- thankfully revived by a. B. Palmer, teriible catastrophe which befell to death in a tire which destroyed ing her husband, 8. A. Mackay, Portage du Fort, Que.
Halifax some time ago. We in- the family home early yesterday **• **•• B. C. L., left for Montreal
vite our readers' attention to this | morning. Other members of the 0,1 Monday.	I FOR SALE-Between 3 and 4 thousand
BS5F5 « HE I- SSlw '—s Mr"
work. The people of this section | Samuel Laporte lit the fire in the “ g ^	^	rio -
have been very, fortunate in escap-1 kitchen about three a. m., before	1 hyllis Black who has spent FOR SALB--Spveral S. C. White Leg
misery which other communities he found liis house ablaze and cn- returned home on Saturday
have suffered from in recent years, trance impossible.	evening.	rzisr c, A ,
owing to the far-reaching effects Sleeping upstairs were Mr. La- . Misses M Phillips, Marjorie Hod- of the andem^ed. oVJ^mh.a^” of the atupendoua conflict which i§ ixirte a mother, his brother, and gins and Florence Howard came *i*«d black and white dog with short tail, deluging the world in blood and his four children. His yells from Ottawa to spend the week answer» to name •• Buster tears. They should feel it a duty awakened them. Simon, a child end at their homes in town, to extend a helping hand to alii- of seven, broke the window glass ...	..	....	.
viate the sufferings and better the with his little fists and together .	Marjorie Murray, who has
conditions of those in other parts with Ed nagged ten, and Albert. , assistant at the lost Office
upon whom the hand of affliction	aged eleven, assisted the	grand-	"rV	, P1*1 ^ or ® months	J | ¦¦
has been heavily laid. The case	mot her to make her escape.	Little	lu	for Ottawa on Monday to	l S. H. Ma*seyH»rri* Seeder
of the Halifax blind is one de- Rose was not missed unt il too late, *P°*,t,on In American Hank 1 *• Gilson Gr« Kngine, 14 h. p serving their deepest sympathy When the others were helping the Notw Oaaipany.	J [ Light Kxpro**
and commiseration, and we trust grandmother out. Hose lay sleep- Nursing Sister Mabel Hamilton, 1 goodCow 'milking8nmr9mm the appeal in their behalf will	ing w ith a pet kitten clasped tight-	who	has been on leave for several	I general m*r«.
touch a responsive chord in many	ly in her arms. -	months at her home in Qnyon,	Alw> n number of the FAMOUS SEELEY
hearts. All subscriptions received The survivors suffered greatly, spent a few days with her cousin, */%*!/*' Moel ** cleaird up by Mar,#, will be acknowledged through having to .walk in bare feet Miss Gertrude McDowell, before 1lhe 5lh	11 fur Mrrrmru
these columns.	j through the snow to a neighbors, J reporting at Kingston, this week. I ¦	1	*'
331
45
Tickings ‘ Feather Proof '
25
36 in. Flannelettes

33 1
5
Dome Fasteners
¦In formation
leading to hie recovery will be thankfully received. Thou. Wall, Radford. 30 2
Above prices good till March 1.
FOR SALE
i
W. A. HODGINS
Shawville

I
###PAGE###2###



LETTING LOOSE THE “DOGS OF WAR"
with a crash that startles, anil through it all we march, on, out and beyond, leaving It all behind, for those things in the village cannot move until after dark. One thing we don't leave behind are the guns. Instead,-as we go on they get thicker, their flash audH bang grow more continuous. There is AS LITERALLY TRANSLATED II Y
wind, yet the air Is full of strange	TEUTONS.
We come to the
every offensive on a large scale on the western front. They were at Arras in the spring, at the battle of the Messines Ridge in June, and at the operations around Ypres In August, each Z	time over a widely different country
__ and under different conditions. Nor
have thejr services been solely offensive. When there have been no machine gun emplacements ripe for and fill all cracks and holes with putty, cracking they have good naturedly
Allow the putty to become thoroughly	turned their attention to	work for	r n. . miu#_	vriml
dry, then rub smooth with sandpaper,	which their great strength	and their
...	.	.	.	... Dust is the enemy of good painting, abi|jty to manoeuvre across rough	With bayonets I ixed Ready
h?,tT km Vavr,°T'	80 a*" ^ch rub-down, remove the ground has particularly fitted them	Kor Advailre,
1	1 ' h v° a(	dust as thoroughly as possible. Next They partake of the nature of the ox	1	Reaching the Trenches.
so lustrous	and a coa^ 0f body color can b? put on,	aa well as of the lion.	Zero day, the day of	days, has come,
smooth, had a dull grayish appearance and permitted to dry as before. Ihis The impression which this new arm	Every hour of it that	passes	has	an Marching in hull p «toons xxi *a\( expression which this struggle has
and a s«> had a number ot dents and jn turn should be rubbed down with bas Thade on the Germans and the Added value, says Lieut. J. S. Smith.[the village and « ",n,‘ out 1,1 '	11 opt" translated literally, as may be verified
scratches Careless hands had rub- a very fme sandpaper or steel wool wholesome dread with which they re- : Measures and sensations of that.day, fields. About halt a mile in front wo by more than one British, yes, and I'cd the paint tr« m the top ot the and the dust removed. 1 hen a coat gJ|rd d js revealed by the counter come and-go with added intensity, for. van arc the entrance to our t omnium - pOJ|ajbIy Canadian, prisoner who has dom - . The right rear fender sagged of color varnish may be applied and measures which they have adopted. ! zero day is the one preceding attack, | cation trench, winding up the sides o Mf the fangs ()f {h<% (;erman canines in^tt^ickly maimer. 1 he top was rubbed down after perfectly dry.	though with little success. They ap-1 *nd who knows what the morrow will a gradually s oping i- . un i it ^vajned by still greater human brutes
staimd and rather pale. Mud was Now if an extra fine and durable point special observers to watch for bring?	reaches the top of the crest where our h) hit<e
E~ SE:=2 È=:E?S3 :E:~;3S5S==:= BEE™ - - 6'==:===
ppsp miswmmm mmm smm
u d ••,h,p and something would have at „ week before being put into spite of	Mliv„sa ,, (hc tank ha, Mart to move from our billets, then is damage ,tone. , ^ «ter th.^trenvh ,	^PP^ , ^
..............„r«•Tzzar&zsv»*-*«,.
er revealed	that	fact	that	the	car scratched a coat of color varnish i ub- at (’ambrai .over a year after its first j the road to lie and wait for the	rest of ,M'on * loMg 1 M> a111	v 1,1X4	1<>l	y*n	Inanying her and am we stopped to
.Idni he ™,M .1» II,.' ,M. himrolf.	S„ J..I., 1knkiw.nl» I, ... ,l„ „„„„„ ,„„k, ...... W, in. ...<i h.	...Ik. " ' , - **	'ZZ, , “l % %%.. % m,
eBSBEE EE—BE E9EEEH: E—
: :::: : sess eehese eie	e
' --	there	. «.. «wept the
Smashed llindvnlm - l.ine. i	*	I Well, there are no thoughts. Almost rman lady s invitation to tea. Rut
every man snatched what sleep he "be would not be denied. If I was en
Vo each compi	as	it came	up	lie	<*<>uld.	To those who	could	not sleep	caged on Ti	y perhaps I could	go
rain, can	he refinished	with a lining their power to inspire terror since the	went in the same quiet,	confident	man-	tlu‘ir thoughts were far too	s#cred for	on	Wednesday, ami if not on Wodnes-
dye, which is applied with a brush and Somme: "As they advanced in masses, ncr, giving his message to them.	That publication. To those	who	did	not,	““>• then Friday would suit her equal-
gives a nice even color as when new. with, very small intervals between little messaged id more to give	them dawn came« with the	air	full	of	a	• n vv,‘ ;	, ' IM thv ,M,d* 1 XVâ* P' act ic-
The radiator and hood and all the The outside of the top may l»e renew--them, they reminded one of Hannibal1*	confidence than a long line	of " ot	str**ige, rushing, whiney sort of roar, a > u,vvt*	to	accept,
cracks and crevices that accumulate ed with a good	top dressing. The	elephants or the sickle chariots of th®	hair," as the company grouch	always	beggaring description, to end in a	Kept	as a	House Pet. ,
dirt were carefully attended to. If this radiator, if of	the enameled type.	Pharaohs.	called the long speeches that are some-	bui.sting < la.-h, and a wall qf flame in
dirt had been allowed to remain in the should of course	have a new coat of	"The western front has become so	times inflicted on the boys.	f *ont of their very eyes
car it would have turned to dust, enamel applied, hut not over the cool-1 strong that we can withstand every which would have settled on the fresh 1 ing fins, as this would interfere with attack," said Hindenburg in April, ly varnished surfaces and made a the efficiency of the radiator.	HH7. He was thinking of the maze of
rough looking job.	Any mechanical troubles that the concrete and sand bags which is call
If the surface of the car is very car has may conveniently he attended ed the Hindenburg line. And it was fHvt much scratched	up	and	rough	it	is	to during	the painting	process. In the Hindenburg line that thv tanks	Rov|u
necessary	to remove the	old	pain*.* fact, the	body may he	removed and helped to smash in n single morning
g ^	....¦= v-=........	-,...._ ,,,, wa,
face rubbed down with sandpaper till der can be strengthened by applying	Kllui of S*eet'	| rumble we hear the ste tdv pounding! Propped u,) with Pi,,owe *,n bis hos- hanging out the washing. It was lin
all is clean and smooth. Then the car a plate to the under side and riveting Think of it. girls! In Rome 2,000 0f t|,e gllll^ Anv one lookj‘ for allV Pital rot. many a wounded Canadian ed with a nice soft covering, if you
should he washed with gasoline and al-, through in a neat way. If the fenders years ago there was not a single candy signs of emotion or nervousness would lad* returned from lhe front as unfit please, and was ostensibly the bed of lowed to dry	are badly damaged it would be more store. Nut even the most attentive f,e fooled If a man feels anything ^ further military service, is doing this hulking big beast to which I had
Next a coat uf primer is applied. ! satisfactory to replace them. The young man could offer to his ladv love and every one almost invariable does ,, blt for the boy® at thc front by taken such an intense dislike. Imag
preferably with a camel's hair brush, under side of the fenders should be a box of lollipops, for such things were L doesn't show it. rolling pape F candles which will light ine such a nasty brute in a drawing
After this has been allowed to set painted, as the rust attacks that part unheard of.	, n ,* . f	I the dugouta of the comrades he left room! I sat there in apprehension
for a day or so. go over the surface first and soon weakens them.	Sugar in those days was known in out “r ,1" l.m.Vrfl l'UTtum.'of'*The hebindLor brew their tea.	I expecting every moment that the dog
„	... ¦ ¦	Europe only in the form of honey,	k Rear'' from the pioe ^^ Ml " m r, l?,,va,e?ce"t *“>*?«»'*-»* the would romp in and repeat his unpleas-
'wmmmmm mmm mmrnM3*
taken heavy toll in previous attacks, extenaixi mdusu>, especially in Asia which pleases her greatly. She hob- jjttit. something to win th*	,	taken b) the Military,
fell an easy prey. Bombs exploded • lumi-, than it is to-day. Boats loaded hies off to tell the rest that at last hundreds of thn ti#m h n V 1	*’‘The military authorities have tak-
harmlessly against their solid flanks. U1,b b1V(,< floated along the Nile, the the German swine will be showed over ...... i)ejn.r	on	' en bim away for his six months’ traité
Naturally the element of surprise was *u>ps flying ashore to gather nectar the Rhine immediately, if not sooner, * Th «Ve m « 1,. r n i, * V	in>r as H police dog!’ ”
partly responsible for the overwhelm- from flowers on the hanks.	and the whole village cheer in their ,nDer‘	,	» .Pf/Î /‘VV**"{ Sut'h is the German military system.
.........^
it	on	August JH.	1916, that	the'of thv t'^rmans.	!"a	"a,l'e those rountries, and	the pigs a little more turnip. The Thpy irt,0 gjve (|ff more h(..(, th '.7-	P"sonerm and biting dummies arrayed
Lloyd.	The\	made their way up	the machine gun emplacements, of dealing	V01?1	1 11 nj u^‘ Euiopeans called	about the Allemand and the Rhine and j	^-—	ment that he would enrol every	cat
£=5fESS : SEigÊSsl SiHSHS-'-Ÿrr	-
rifle and machine gun fire and even tbe Percentaffc of sugar has been in- On our left is a big square com- a^0,d butant relief repeat the dose.
at their slow gait of three miles an "^Ased so considerably by selective pound, enclosed with barbed wire to a "Since you worked your examples Brave dog, you share the fighting risk . hour their low height	and protective	breeding of the vegetables that now-	height of about eight feet, with raised 80 nicely," said the pretty teacher, "1 On fields of France afar,
coloring made them k	difficult target	adays	a 1on of ]t is drived from nine	sentry boxes. It is the prisoners’ »ball give you a kiss.’’ "Teacher, I	Yet never for your sake is flown
for artillery.	1 tons tbe roots.	cage. At the same time to-morrow it didn’t know there was to be a reward,”
!t	,	,	,	, The average person in this country will be full of Boches. As we pass it ! responded the honest urchin, "It’s onlv ..	.
,	M	I 1	IV? 1	1 (be tanks had consumes two-thirds of his own weight we enter the shell zone. We know be- i fair to tell you that my big brother Xo“ ^h^ead Moody battle-ground
evci, worse than the anticipation. \ < °me to stay. 1 hyir acttvitie* were by 0f *Ugar in „ year.	cause the prisoners’ cage is always ! did them sums."	'	| And find where wounded lie,
=ia
mme*
flour and	treble
fruits are used in their preparation to wire and barbed wire stakes. Over it
all the big howitzer* fire continually
ZERO DAY:
THE DAY OF DAYS


0

0


TH K PREPARATION FOR A UIG
ATTACK


no
and weird sound*
last village wv will pas* through -at ^
Tm,ch .’oufd noT"„% Mly'Sho^from Toro"‘° , ldv	Kn«“',d
the poorest villager’s, except maybe from the size of the pile of bricks.
#
Tainting the Car.
"John, we'll have to get the car painted. It’s jus*, awful 1” And John,


How khinvi'e Men Trained *Tolire” Doga.

1'hv IhmIv
Letting loose the "dogs of wui" ia
once

1 #
-



thorough!> clean than the usual removal of mud and
This meant more house or reliable paint store
Redressing thv Top
dirt part
also
a small pail of gasoline, and a cloth
Thv grease and oil on the to be painted had to come off This was done with a brush.
The Colonel's Message
The inside of the top. which as a
\ German account of the bfttt rule becomes dull and stained by the shows that the tanks have not lost
Get Rid of the Dirt
J| 1 simply dreaded going to her Those who house," said thv Toronto lady. “That slvpt woke to the din. saw that wall of j horrible dog had given me the creeps.
flame and mechanically reached for. However, there was nothing for it but the : bayonets to fix ti on their rifles.
Tommy Atkins" knows he
a better man than the Boche and he doesn't need to be told it. and he doesn't hc-
to go, ami at the time appointed 1 ar rived at I residence
H ¦	¦ •	¦	III ¦	_ J------ I was usher
I he time had come, we had passed ed into the drawing-room and simply
from zen. dey I" zero hour.	1 Ml h shudder at the prospect of tha't
tierce-looking creature of hers springing out at me again. Sure enough, in a corner of the well-furnished draw-
lie ve in worldwide advertising of thv He knows it and so does tjie
interested
They are two

parties, <o why say any more?
M \KINfi TKKNCH CANDLES
as
1

WAR TANKS TERRIFY TEUTONS
Ah, poor Fritz, h
NEW \\ XU ENGIN 1
ON XI GI ST 29. 1918
XITEARKD
ihv.M
turn, and the dumb brute would have many a cruel blow and whip-stroke ere he learned his lesson of pulling 'down
I'aralyzing Effect I'pon the German Troops.
stage of the great allied offensive on the Somme.
t o a Red Cross Do*
That the Germans expected something unusual is shown by a captured order of September 11. which «poke of “new engines of war, as cruel as effective
arm
A shining service star
But the realization was
lost thi power of one's limbs. The monsters approached us slowly, hobbling. lolling and rocking, but they approached
Some otic* in the trendies said ‘the devil is coming,' and the word was passed along the line like wildfire."
—New York Sun
Whey left from making cheese should not be wasted To this be used in beverages in place of milk
for making bread and in desserts. Australia has a movement on foot Turn under, shape it into loaves, and for the preservation of its gigantic-after it has doubled in bulk bake it "stringy-bark” trees, which are the for forty-five to fifty minutes.	« tallest in the world. -
Nothing impeded them
o Aage
It can

Paralyzed the Enemy.
I he sight of these monsters was as
men as it was par-

Share Every Offensive
They have taken part in 1917 in the exclusion of sugar
exhilm ating t
tli
ijfj	1 VJUAT A*E THOSE
}	»—7 rofttr-*
Tom , IM dOliki To WCAR-MV NEW GOWN THIS EVENINÛ, HOW DO
VOV LIKE IT f /
6AFETN FIRST MV
-h dear.
does The pack .
look all right t i
I THINK-SHE <3oT THE IDEA
} ANV WAV ,
A PERSON GETS A LOT OF SATISFACTION OUT OF VoU !
r
JUST
a minute
I
T
i
’}
i
r

1
/
> ¦

x

i


k
rp


\
1
to
y

a


%
I

I

L

V
.


/
I

f
X

f






###PAGE###3###
I


?
Are Very Popular in Prince Edward Island
f CANADIAN TIMBER GROWTH
I f11K MESHINES CHAXI) STAND
RHEUMATISM A MYSTERY
| NO ALUM
ubtlSSF^X f[
Practical
ItesgiH
In I'rtBCC Yieldfl of 30,000 to -15,000 Hoard Feet l*cr Acre Are Common.
Oflirer
How a Canad an fCnglneer » at< IihI th? Big Pight

This Trouble is Rooted in the Blood and ( an Only be Cured by Enriching the Blood.
woods Aian
LL-Col. J. B. White m<er of the Riordan PUlp and Paper
The featured participant of thi:
J sii’ry was a Canadian engineer ofttver I Thu tale can never be proved true he- j^jr jj Arsf nvault Telh What (^mpany, Montreal, and for the past c*ure the C.E.O. has since “gone over” '	* two years in charge of forestry work
Dodd's Kidney Pill** Did I in England and France, stated recent, HI	ly that if yields of 30,000 to 46,000
hoard feet per acre were frequent in France, ns him own investigations had III	shown, there seemed no reason why
They Gave Him Qu'ck Rch-f From Canadians should tolerate the relative-
iLWwwmrr.


Some disease* give immunity from another attack, but rheumatiem work» Just the other way. Every attack of rheumatism invites another; worse then that, it réduise the body's powfer so that each nUack la worse than the one before.
If any disease needs curing early It Is rheumatism, but there is scarcely any disease that physicians find more difficult to treat successfully. When a medicine does cure rheumatism therefore It Is worthy of special notice. Medical authorities agree that the blood becomes thin with alarming rapidity as rheumatism develops. Maintaining the quality of the blood is therefore a reasonable way of preventing and combating rheumatism. That It works out In fact Is shown by the beneficial effects which f Allow the treatment of rheumatism, acute, muscular and articular, with that great blood tonte, Ur. Williams' Pink Pills.
That thousands of people who have taken Ur. Williams' Pink Pills for
JA
%> a v
—never to return.
He was stationed in front of Messines Ridge. His work as an engineer attached to the British Army had carried him to this position and he could go no further. As his work was completed he was jusk waiting round—for something to happen. A British artillery officer happened along.
“Now that everything's finished,	Egmont. PEI., Jan. 28th— to those of France. One plot, meas-
when is it coming ofi"*" he asked the	,,v 1 h^dd's Kidney Pi I • have ur(l(j (;ob white, contained 100,000
omccr	numerous friends In this tight little board f(,et within
“We're going to touih 'er 'off to- 1 a,i<1' A,ld	M,e n,<JKf enthuMl- showing did not tend to
night, perhaps," he replied with a aH v of#,hi>ini ,8 Mr- Marhur,n Areen-	patisfuclion with	Canadian lands protv inkle in his eve	?vult, c»f this place.	during only two	to three thousand
-By jovc, that's bully. Say." h- , "command	K1dn«y Plito l)tiar(l fect
added, "where can i find a good seat	“.r-	---*------ n •* many .vour* since there was
to «••et in on it?"	^Hd hoen troublai vMih head-	MONEY ORDERS	on hand in Ontario so generous a win-
The artillery officer pointed to the “fj10, a,l<1	about fwo years Huy your out of town supplies with ter supply of both grains and general
r™ rr	.........-7- .
sûEtF'™ - u	w a æ 2 tz rts.
ESHiiilli: iüiWSi ......................................................................................................................
guns stopped firing suddenly.	H®| purities, all the seeds of	disease, out	year is not going	to be as good as the
awoke. Half asleep he tried to	dis- ( of the blood. That Is	why Dodd's	average for crops. All the more rca-
cern what was happening. He climbed. Kidney PiWs are recognized as a tonic. aon ^ do your best work.
out of his shell hole and stood looking
•«
4
I
Headache and Backacne—He Re- ly small productivity of timherlands commends them to All Sufferers
S'
in Eastern Canada where soil and
climatic condition» were not dissimilar
ft
5
U

an acre. Such a increase our

| MADE INCANADA |
per acre
their Hieumatlsm have been cured 1h
That rheu-
In cold weather clothes pin*» are apt
and cause a
a fact beyond dispute mutism does not return as long as the blood Is kept rich and red Is equally
For the youngster who is just

tear when removed. This can 1 ed by fir<f soaking the pins in salt and
t
soil to other roots

Mlnard’e Liniment Caret Garget in Cow# water

MISCELLANEOUS
-
ri Moli.S. U'M ! s i
jred w1rh-
IWrlte
Dr. Heilman Medical
E. Hinton, Western Ave., Toronto, says:—“Up to about a year ago. my wife had suffered for nearly three years from rheumatism, from which she sufferéd greatly. She had been under the tare of several doctors, besides spending dollars on advertised cures, but did not get any relief. One day talking to a fellow clerk, the said her sister had been cured of this
nANCEU
internal and external ut pain by our home treatment tie before too late
Limited. CVIl In «wood. Ont

r

7617
"
Co
i. EgriiTF.
.1 job 1»
I nauru
NK

W
til.g riant • tarried J1 uulck Mai**. IV . Ltd , 1

I
at the ridge.
Suddenly there went up, one after the other, a number of enormous sheets of earth, smoke and flames, which rose slowly until each formed a huge mushroom. Apparently they were a mile high to him.
Then he was knocked head over heels by the shock of the explosion. He was stunned for the moment, but soon realized his position and roused him-qelf. To him it sounded as though every British gun on the British front was til ing as fast as it could.
Exactly one hour and a half afterward he was on the ridge, following the infantry and carrying on his work. He afterward learned that so well had the aerial photographers detected the McCall Pattern No. 7817, German batteries that eighty per cent
In G sizes. 34 to'of them were put out of action ten
minutes after the explosion occurred
Ten Thousand Substitutes
<>
11.2
I go f'l 1 W 11 Ml)
j ANY CORN LIFTS OUT, f	DOESN’T HURT A BIT
Pu
K
Ten thousand substitute food articles have been introduced into Ger-neny since the war, according to a statement made in the Berlin news-
!
porters Recommend
No foolishness! Lift your corns r gdll-OjllO l(! I* I llV l'!)l
»nd calluses off with finger» ’ rhy.lvU„H aIld „„
—It’s like magic!	T »cril>« Bcm-Opto hr h .«aft- home i **'•*«•
in the treatment of e>e utrengthen ^>ew:ght
refund guaranty

trouble by I)r. Williams' Pink Pille. Although not feeling very hopeful I took two boxes home that evening and urged my wife to try them time they were Wld they had done I tier so much good that she required no pressing to continue the treatment, end after taking six or seven boxes she was completely cured. As I have paid this was about a year ago, and she has had no return of the trouble since.' 1 feel very grateful for the Immense good Dr. Williams* Pink Pills have done my wife, and I hope other sufferers will benefit by her experience.
lS
papers by Professor Juckenack, a prominent German food expert. He mentions as the most striking examples of successful substitution the <• «......... o " *
following: Artificial butter, eggs, sa-	Hor„ œrnët hard corns, soft corns or
lad oil, honey, milk, coffee, tea, sugar, auy klnd of a corn, can harmlessly bo tobacco, fish, sausage, cheese and	right ()Ut with the fingers If you
caviar. Some of the substitutes are Hppjy upon the corn a few drops of directly harmful but others are so f,^Z(l gays a Cincinnati authority, good that they will outlive the war and become regular articles of consumption, he asserts.
!
i
By the
ibles afid to
Sold un<W b> all druggist*
y
1
J
t
X

<r
I For little coi-ti one can' get a small bottle of freezone at any drug store, which will positively rid one’s feet of every corn or callus without jmln.
Tills simple drug dries the mo men it is applied and does not even irri tale the surrounding skin while ap- j plying it or afterwards.	!
Th4e announcement will Interest
If your drug- J

A splendid idea is this for an overdress, V> be worn over a waist. The three-piece skirt is in round or instep
Ladies' Overdress
a f
ft
7

/
C'A
4


v.
\
You can got these pills through any dealer In medicine, or by mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock ville, Ont.
The publisher of the best Farmer's paper in the Maritime Provinces in writing to us states:
T would sayy that I do not know of a medicine that has stood the test of man> “f ®ur readers time like MINARD'S LINIMENT. It *,Hl	free zone fell him to
has been an unfailing remedy in our surel>‘ ** * Bme11 bo,tl* for you froul household ever since I can remember, ! b1ti wholesale di ng house.
and has outlived dozens of would-be competitors and Imitators."
42 bust	¦ f
These patterns may be obtained on the ridge from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto Dept. W.
Price. 20 cents
«
*>
( ARE OF INSANE SOLDIERS
*
Mental Cases to be Maintained by Do
minion Government.
THE FIRST BRITISH BARRAGE
Babies With Itching,
Burning Skins Sleep
WINTER WEATHER
HARD ON LITTLE ONES

The Effect of a Concentrated Effort on the Pari of the Artillery.
Provincial institutions will be entrusted with the care of the members of the C.E.F. returned to Canada suf-

The Soul of a Plano Is the Action, insist on the
“OTTO HIGSLV PIANO ACTION
Our Canadian winters are extremely
,	,	.	. hard on the health of little ones. The „ .	,	, ,A ,	-	_
mg the new year—in fact they were a	weather Is often so severe that the	fenn* from ^sanity,	but the Domin-
little previous, because it was but	mother cannot take the little one out	ion Government will	pay for.'	their
noonof December 3T, and the year was	f0r an airing. The consequence!* that	m*intentt,K,e* This	decisi?n	was	....	.
1916—at Ypres.	baby is confined to overheated, badly	.reached in the conference of the	Mill-	Preliminary steps have been taken
Ever since daylight the Canadians '	ventilated rooms; takes colds and be-	laI*y Hospitals Commission, the Board	to curtail the	use of cane sugar in the
had been having n beastly time of it.	come# cross and peevish. Baby’s Own	°f Pension Commissioners and the re-	manufacture	of candies. Manutac-
The Boche five-point-nines had been	Tablets should be given	to keep	ibe	presentatives of the provincial gov-	!	turers have been informed	ot	the
coming over with unceasing regular-	pule one healthy. They	regulate	ihe	ernments held in the M.H.C. head-	j	necessity for saving such sugar	and
ity and the British artillery was re- stomach and bowels and prevent or quarters Tuesday. . '	i are now endeavoring to adjust their
plying with a feeble fire. They claim-	cure colds. The Tablets	a A sold	by	Heretofore the Military Hospitals	;	business to the requirements	of	the
ed shortage of ammunition and in re-!	medicine dealers or by	mail at	25	Commission and the Board of Pension	situationyjjmj
ply to the repeated calls from the in-	rents a box from The Dr. Williams'	I Commissioners have paid a flat rate The money	spent for candy in the
fantry for shells they would sing out	Medicine Co., Brock ville. Ont.	j in hospitals for the insane for the 350,	United States	and Canada in the past
—"You've 'ad your allowance."	-------+— —	men suffering in varying degrees from year is double the amount of money
The Canadians got pretty mad at REPORTING THE SERMON. mental ailments. By the new arrange- needed to keep Belgium supplied with
this continued shelling, and a friend	____ '	' ' ment they will pay provincial institu- food for a year.
asked a gunner whether they couldn't Opinion of a Highland Hostess Re- tionH f°r their maintenance and in ad- j	-------
» di,,,.,, ». **.•;	w,.r.	.r;,1;'1’"." ”—	““
"That's all right,” was ihe answer;! A kilted regiment,	while on	thb I extra allowance pel capita, which sum	.
“this is Fritz's lust day. Wait till to-	march in a part of Scotland, halted	for	will be directed to the equipment and	the	island	of Ascension, in the At
night!”	-	a Sunday of rest at a remote village , maintenance of the buildings.	i lantic, is the property of the Hi iti^n
He waited—this friend. Exactly at *n Ihe Highlands, and some of the Over 50 per cent, of those now re- Admiralty, and is borne on the \a y the stroke of midnight pandemonium hruw laddies were billeted on the in- ceiving treatment in institutions had List as a vessel, being classed as a broke loose. It sounded as though all	habitants.	been suffering from mental diseases	tender	to one	of His Majesty s	shir»
the express trains in the world were	One old lady had to	find lodging	for	before they enlisted and eventually	of	war. The	island is governed	by a
running overhead. Ajid well it should, two of the soldiers, Sandy and Tam, would have become public charges in naval captain, and the men stationed Thirty 12-inch howitzers had been a,,d she was delighted to know they j th* ordinary course of events.	there (chiefly Royal Marines) are
rolled into position during the day and were going to the kirk in the evening.	-------->------- subject to the same rules as they
at that moment flinging haff-ton „ She herself was unable to go, and her	r 1 ? J C VJ wouI(l be °n	?!
projectiles onto the German batteries. pleasure increased when one of her *771 (JRHwO Granulated Eyelid*, private property in land, so there »re
guests, who happened to be an ac- ' If	J?y no rents, rates, or taxes. The fi
for twenty-four hour*; and for three complished writer of shorthand, pro- rrdiîUd b, iturie«. •WSj» in and herds are public property, and the
weeks afterward there was not a soli- mised to tell her everything that the Vfv, IDFYT ^	meat 1f1ii8Ued m	80 are the
tary heavy German shell fired on that minister said in his sermon-although *”U'1	veK«‘tables grown on the farm
sector. Which all goes to show an- *he had her doubts as to how he would We^e^llemedy
other form of tactics -the holding “^le to remember it all.	“ **
The two "kilties " came back from
The Boche batteries were célébrât


And tired mother.-, reht after giving baly a hot bath with ( ' u tic tira Soap followed by a gentle application of Cuticura Ointment. Peace falls ou distracted households when Cuticura enter*. Trial free.
szrgHoSSi. ttnrat, 'sa
wovghc ji the worst!.
Leu* Sugar for Candy
»
The Cause of Heart Trouble
THOSE AWFUL
CRAMPS
Faulty digestion causes the generation of gases in the stomach which inflate and press down on the heart and interfere with its regular action, causing faintness and pain UÊÊÊÊÊÊ drops of Mother Seigr!** Curative Syrup after meals sets digestion right,which allows the heart to beat full and regular. §¦¦¦¦

13 to 30
Etc.
fire
Inland is a "Warship
Suggestions that may save Much Suffering
9

Marysville, Pa.—“For twelve years I suffered with terrible cramps. I
j would have to stay in bed several days every month. I ed all kinds of remedies and was trap ted by doctors, w, ray tr< on] j linued until one day •HJ I read about Lydia * x E. Pink ham's Vegetable Compound and | what it had done for % others. I tried It
| ____51 and now I am never
troubled with cramps and feel like a different woman. I cannot praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound too highly and I am recommending it to my friends who suffer as I did." —Mrs. George R. Naylor, Box 72, Marysville, Pa.
Y'oung women who are troubled with painful or irregular periods, Imckavhe, headache, dragging dow n sensations, fainting spells or indigestion should Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Thousands have been restored to health by this root and herb remedy.
Write for free and helpful advice to Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (con# Aden tial)
Open and

A
«
affr
tri
were
%
The British bombardment went on

tc
Rheumatic Aches

Drive them out with Sloan'» Liniment, the quick-acting, soothing liniment that penetrate) without rubbing and re'ievce the So much cleaner than

New York state has passed a law requiring counties with a population of 85,000 or over to erect and maintain tuberculosis hospitals. .


hack of shells for a concentrated ef
church, and Sandy read the sermon from his notebook, to the admiration and astonishment of his landlady, who had never heard of shorthand, and
fort
The Limit
pc in
mussy plasters or cir.t—ents; it docs not slrin t!.e ckin or cl07
Always have a bolt !o is fo. ti e aches and pains of rheumatism, gout, lum-bigo, strains, sprains, «tiff joints
ana all u.uscle WÊÊÊ^ÊBÊIÊÊÊ
Cenr/ou» size bo rile- at el! ù.'u-gùt». 25c.50c.SI.C0.

?
The following amusing story concerning Madam Sarah Grand, the well-known novelist, was told to me recent-
Soap for Wounds
LEMONS MAKE SKIN
the pores, in the ho
Common yellow soap, the kind used

WHITE. SOFT. CLEAR
,	, .	. .	, could not understand how anyone
by housewives in wariilng ctothessand vou,a write as fa„ „ the minier
dishes, has been found to be a wonder I

ly by a personal friend of hers.
It appears that the gifted author of "The Heavenly Twins" is very absent-in
Make this beauty lotion for a few cents and see for yourself.
spoke,	*
When Sandy had finished and the
good lady had expressed her thanks
, ,	,	, . ,	. , A for the privilege of hearing the ser-
made from a rake and injected into|mon sh, aske<| him to let her ,nok Bt
soldiers wounds, even in the latest in

ful cure for wounds in French hospitals and its use has spread to the British medical stations. A solution is
•01 -*ne»s.
One day her friend, calling on her unexpectedly, found her with a big awkward volume on her knee, ^

/
take
What girl or woman hasn't heard of
_____Juice to remove complexion
heated, excited, and evidently very MAm; to whUen the «kin and to
much put out.	! bring out the roses, the freshness and
Is anything the matter . a^keil the hidden beauty? But lemon juice
ca,*er-	alone la acid, therefore Irritating, and
"Oh, yes," she answered, desperate- should be mixed with orchard white ly: "I've lost my pen, and I want to ^ia way strain through a fine cloth
write to catch the post."-	the Jutoe of two fresh lemons into a	_	_ e	_m
Why, where are you looking for battle containing about three ounces	a # \ yiLi	y V2 O I
lot orchard white, then shake well and |Wl dV lllll VI J iVl W Cil U She glanced at the questioner and|you have a whole quarter pint of skin	*
then at .the book.	! and complexion lotion at about the
coat one utwaRy pays for a small Jar of ordinary cold cream. Be sure to strain the lemon Juice so no pulp gets Into the bottle, then tbl* lotion will ra main pure and fresh for months When applied dally to the face, neck, arms and hands It should help to bleach, clear, amoofhen and beautify
the skin	, «
Any druggie* will supply three > 1 ounces of orchard white at very Tittle cost and Hig grocer has the lemons. |
mni
0
the book he had been reading from. She seemed much disappointed, however, because she could make nothing of it.
stances into the deepest, bullet holes, where it has proved itself to he a superior antiseptic to hydrogen peroxide and most other germ killers and m addition a strangely effective healer of torn tissues.
Wounds treated with soap need few-
, Lynn, Mass. Only women read such letters.
At last, after a close inspection of the mystic signs, she said to the blushing warrior:
e	,	"You’re a grand laddie and a verra
er dressings and lessen pam far more gude ^ader, but I must tell ye, and if than do wounds treated with other j wag y0ur ajn either I wad hae to antiseptics. These facts greatly expe-	m mm	m
dite the Work of the surgeons, who can handle more men than when using otfier solutions.
Not a minute should bg lost right now in looking up your seed supply for 1918 planting. £	"'1-1



it?
admit it, ye're the verra wurrst writer I ever came across."

1 WHEELOCK ENGINE, 18x42.
New Automatic Valve Type Complete with eupply anti exhaust piping flywheel, etc. Will accept $1,200 cash for immediate sale.
1 ELECTRIC GENERATOR 30 K.W., 110-120 Volts D.Q
Will accept $425 cash for Immediate cale.
PULLEYS, Large size.
26x66—$30 ; 12x60—$20 ; 12i/2x48—$.2 ; 12x36—48.
BLOWER OR FAN, Buffalo Make.
14 Inch diachf-ge—$30. .
REAL ESTATES CORPORATION, LTD.
^	*	60 Front St West, Toronto
"I—I believe," she faltered. "1 was looking for it among the p’s in the dictionary."
Peanut pnd Cottage Cheese I.oaf Three-quarters cttp kidney beans, one cup cottage cheese, half cup ground peanuts, one tablespoon chopped onion, one cup bread crumbs, two tablespoons drippings or savory fat, one cup cooked tomato, one cup cooked rice* salt, pepper. Bake the loaf in a moderate ovfn twenty-five minutes and sen s with pimento or grceri pepper sauce.

The morning breakfast food is varied in this menu by frying the cold leftover mush and serving it with syrup. The milk, usually served with the cereal and most, essential to health, must be introduced in another form. By serving cocoa for supper this is accomplished satisfactorily.

%
inn
ShurGdin

fertilizer
ISSUE 5—*18
El). 7
I
MinarA’s Linlmeat Care# Diphtheria.



###PAGE###4###
uisr rote on the liquor question In No-
veraber, 1916 people voted by • large majority that from and after January 1, 1916, eplr* Itoua liquors should not be manufactured, sold, trsnsported or given away anywhere within the territory. The prohibition law thus to be established by popular vote, notes an exchange, probably will be the most stringent of
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
should pull down a good house.	Mr Ernest Schock, of Schwartz, has I iiit nuc nx/PR ON THE GUÀPHÏ
1 he op|x)sing contestants styled them- returned home after a few months pros*	****	_______
TilZniw	tokS £triMr. Kiws k
remarkably good showing when we take going out of business at Ladysmith and	, Ul .	, ieiltanent
into consideration the fact that they going to make his home at Woodrofle, * have not yet had time to round into con-1 Ont.
THE EQUITY.
At that election the
SHAWVILLE. FEB. 7. 1918.
O
0. Y. n. I#ODC»K, No, 30*. meet# 2nd Wednesday of each mouth at W p. m.
K. 8. II Workman, W. B. N. Hodoinh
Among the member* of the Indiana university ambulance corps at Allentown, says the Indianapolis News, there Is one man who from this time on will require, while on guard duty, any person whom he challenges at night to furnish his full pedigree. Then; Is u reason.
IV |K>livy ot unrestricted submarine | dit ion rfarc which came into operation a u ago, and which it was predicted
Mr. and Mrs. I\ McKee have returned i a I home from > Siting friends in Bristol.
Sqvibs. .
At 8.1ft the tennis trotted oui |K'rfeet sheet of ice, both U*nt on coming out more than conquerors, and as re would bring Britain to her knees in I suits proved there was plenty of room
three months, has I teen a failure, nl for an argument. Play was even tor the
tartsszstAA .................................«.ww.,
f»pura • ss a, m .1	which resulted in goal No. 1. This Mr. R. J. Conley has returned home
: on ot cargoes, has been HtiqKuutous. stunt was soon tried again, and a second after Kitending the week-end in Ottawa, guard at the camp this loau wa.« >!*-Ships me	King built	nearly as fast as	time ended fatally for the ladies.	Mr.	Fred Atkinson paid a flying visit	Boned at u distant post ou the
tiers are	sunk, and	the	under water	Then the latter suddenly got busy	to the	Bagged Chute recently.	ground*, at a place where the guards
r ^ ..i s	“Lîææ ê-s	ic». ™ iiim
csUm than the 1 mmy um <ons 1U< | mult nous yell greeted the ladies’ first and all spent an enjoyable time.	hours,
goal, the result of a determined attack Mr. and Mrs. A. Tippins were Sunday Shortly after one o'clock In the on the veterans’ previously impenetrable	guests	of Mr. and Mrs. A. Kinnierson.	morning the guard saw a man climb,	, imTum. <r,mnwhnt	.Hilinàl form I	defence. The good-natured veterans |	Mr.	W. Atkinson, of Ureermoiint was	ing the fence. He hurried up, ehal-
1 ‘ hv. ' 1	‘	. .	seemed somewhat surprised and play I a week -end visitor at the Branch.	lenged the man, a ml asked for an ex-
* mumcqsd government which he pro became fast and furious ; but do- An excitable runaway occurred on planatlon. It was forthcoming.
>ses for Montreal, Premier < 1 oil in I	spite all their efforts, the Belles soon	the North |Branch hill when a driving	“Well,” said	the challenged	one,	| till	you've cast the motor out of your
have put it over Mayor Med	tallied again and the first period ended	party were returning from -spending an	“you are to be congratulated. I	have	1 own."
riv Martin 1m most horrible fashion. - ,enjoyable evening out. (Had to " been coming over tins fence every .	.....	..,1	», 110 • i- a I he second period was lull o I atm sa- one was seriously hurt.	night for a week and 1 have never
nd Mem ic y»\ 1 1 g i eo s 1 g .	tional rushes, falls, failures to score, but	Mr. George Kinan has been visiting	been challenged	before. I would like
ion, says he will not stand for it, it tin ,	full of fair play with the result still in	his sister, Mrs. Jos. Little of Clarendon	you to give me	your name and	your
gislation goes through, but will shake doubt when the gong again sounded. Front, who has been seriously ill
no du*t of the province from off his The third i*»riod was the most sen sa-1 Mr. Emery Hedging has * returned | to your lieutenant
*»***•¦ »•! r » '» \rr. — """
^Muial clime. I vrhaps he is thinking ot ^e old veterans could not compensate | veking an honorary colonelcy in the | for the cyclone-like speed and staying
powers of their more youthful adversaries. However, play was well divided,
and when the final whistle blew the I No. 2 Waltham -January nlight of the past week | score stood—Belles ft, Boys 4.	Grade I.—James Smiley.
The game was interesting 1 mm start Grade H - Ruby Black, Edna Smiley, I BUYS GLASSES FOR BULLDOG
to finish, and the sj»eetator.s were more | Herbie Richard. Sheldon Robinson
*h Utter city W ^	|	t^tt^	A'
teks of that nature to a much greater light and all really deserve special men | Grade III, Sr.—Dorothy Twiss, Hath xtent than one would expect. The tion. Our good-natured station agent |een Twiss (equal.) rut of the two attacks on Iyondon re I ^ried off the goal-getting honors for I Grade IV
i„ . „tbc,	CMualty li.t, %££........................................- L~ ”** *“ **
uite u number King killed and a much the Belles. Our cool-headed |»ostmaster Grade V._Percy Bamford, Irene Ri
irgtM number sustaining injuries. The was net custodian for the veterans and chard, Russell Le Roy.
4id on Paris was still more serious, the flopped lots of hot ones from seemingly Grade VI. — Ella Bamford, Ebert
Ag im(possible angles. He was ably assisted Judd on the defence by Messrs. Young and sual. the victims included many * omen webb, who have recently made their
nd children, while the military results | debut in the professional game. Messrs.
Robertson and MeKillop proved very effective wing men, while our veteran Louis at centre did a magnificent come The big strike among German work-11 nd was always dangerous
«en, reported to be in progress in Bei
n, Essen, and other places for a day
wo last week, was either a huge fake
W. M
L. O. L. No. XT, meets 1st Tuesday of each
11 Kim Hououra W, M.
any
Rro. Hodoins 8eey,
HODOINS
Mote and Beam.
Gen. George W. Goethals was lunching In New York recently with a man who complained about bis brother's extravagance.
“His latest extravagance la horses/ said the complainant. “IBs bought a pair of coach horses last week (or
ROYAL SCAULKT CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
II. N. HoiKilRB,
W. Coop, lu Com
Recently while the section was on
Reu. Hodoinh Com. Scribe.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
“Humph !" said General Goetbals. “What did you pay for your touring
cm
car y
“Hr—ten thousand dollars."
“Well," said the general, “deal criticise the team In your brother's eye
Austin - First Tuesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
I
1
cm
Willing to Hear.
“Miss Willing/ began the young as be wiped the cold perspiration
First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second There
First Friday,
§ •
man
from his brow, “are you food of stories f
.section number, and I will report you
Wyman
Shawville • First Saturday,
of each month.

“If they are new, Mr. Vfodby/ re-
in a dazed manner the guard did so
and the man walked off. Not until I piled the fair maid, “I stoiply dote he was “kidded” by his section mates them."
on telling the story did he fall for bis | “But the one I was going te ten you,
being duped. He Is now on the trail ' Miss Willing, is not new/ said the
of the man whose Ingenuity saved young man. “It is, I might say, MIm i AAA j âfiFIIT WÂMTFÜ himself.	I WlUlng—or, Oarm-the old, old story, | LUUlIL IIULI1 I HUH 1 LU
but*-"	-roa-
“Oh, never mind, George/ she Inter- Shawville and District
rupted. “Even ff It Is a chestnut, rm	TO 8K1.L you
6X!n.I™eTer heerd “¦ 00 on’ plee“r I The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
—nt-BUa
VVRLKt
District Schools
4ol*hevikt umix
The clear m lablvd the Huns to carry out two ae-t! attacks on London and one on
Proud Mistress Discovers Cold Wind Brings Tears to Pet's Eyes and Takes Him to Oculist.
ins
SIFTING OUT THE SUCKERS
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1VI7, find Spring Planting. HUH. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
Kenneth Robinson. Ir
j One of the newest features of the .high coat of living Investigation by I federal agents lias Just been revealed I by United States District Attorney I Cline of Chicago. He told the following K^ory:
I * I dropped Into an oculist's u couple I 4 days ago with a friend who had ! broken Ids glasses. We found that gentleman, Immaculately clad, carefully fitting a pair of glasses on the pug nose of a bulldog with undershot law nnd bandy legs.
“Well, we had to wait. A lady, In landsome furs, held the bulldog by the ?hain. When the job was done she led t away. I asked the oculist :
“'How do you test the vision of a log's eyes?' He replied: *1 didn't test t for vision. You sec It was like this —the lady had her dog out motoring. They were riding rather fast and the ilr was cold.
'"She noticed that u little drop of nolsture gathered In the dog's eye. It :rlckled down his cheek. The lady deeded that something must be done. So die brought him to me—the glasses are to protect his eyes when he goes uotorlng.'
'"How much did she pay for those fiasses?' I asked.
'"Eight dollars,’ the oculist replied."
Hospital Assistant Threatening t# Cook Alive One Patient to Obtain Grease, Reduce* Sick Call.
o—
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent'* proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commission*.
Stories of bow to outwit Impostors who report sick In order to loaf In hospitals are among the oldest traditions of the medical branches of all «dries, says a writer lu a medical Journal. A fourteenth-century collection of anecdotes shows that the mallgnerer was known In those days and Cardinal de Bari, who had a hospital at Tercel I, found its resources were being exhausted by men of this type. He sent one of his subordinates to Investigate. This man, Petrillo by name, who was something of a humorist, dressed himself in the robes of a physician and assembled all the patients for an elimination of their wounds tie gravely said but one remedy needed for the cure of ulcers of this character, and that Is an ointment made of human grgase. This very day I Intend, In consequence, to draw by lot one from among you, who will be plunged alive Into boiling water and. cooked for the salvation of Seized by fear, all the patients .unde haste to report themselves fully recovered from their ulcers, and consequently there was room In the hospital for those who reafly aee<led 31 re.
umber of casualties being greater
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
Mabel Lett, Teacbei
Ontario.
Toronto
; the raids were unimportant
FARMERS’
WEEK
If they continue, tliis aggregation will soon be the one to beat : but the ladies clearly demonstrated the fact that they are son* team. Six-man hockey w.v> r the power which rules Germany from I played - regular professional style and
w ithin is still capable of crushing out a notable feature of the game was the
rder, any manifestation!, of alnu^t complete abwore of penalties
B Laird handled the fame in bis usual efficient manner.
Everybody eiyoyed the game irn
ppointed, or other means are employ-1 menaely and look forward to a replica-
In fi"it of the sam t an eaily date
Synopsisof Canadian North West Land Regulations
or
The sole bead of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Laud in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in person at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties- Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of three years:	I
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $3.00 per acre. Du ties- Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 60 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead latent, if he cannot secure a pre-emp tion, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
Macdonald College, P.Q.
February 12,13.14 and 15.
Practical Instruction. No Fees.
n short
i scon tent. In Canada when a strike s declared a board of conciliation, is
Then
There is clearly
1 to adjust differences amicably rerman strikers arc ordered to go back
Off Sink
REDUCED RATES ON ALL RAILWAYS
^ work, or run the risk of being shot nd from evidences to hand the warn tg does not need to lie refloated.
Lectures and demonstrations on Farm Management, with special reference to labour shortage, stock management and breeding, roots and root seedgrowing, hay and pasture crops, judging horses, cattle, sheep and swine, with prizes for the beat judging during the course. ..
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
in
SCHOOL FOR THE BLIND
Victory Rim m ath and Kidney Cubs Larof.lv Used With Very Urkxt
SvCCESi*.
Halifax, N. S„ Jan. 15, 1918 vite Friends of the Blind in Canada
HAD SEEN HIS FACE BEFORE
Physicians today, by the use of elm Inr ruses, have discovered many “Ms pltal slackers/*
In view of the recent terrible explosion in Halifax, and the number of persons who have become totally or practically blind as a result of the same, the several organizations in Halifax for the are and training of the blind find them selves almost overwhelmed in meeting 'he new conditions which have arisen, "riven before the disaster the resources <f the Halifax School for the Blind, the Home Teaching Society for the Blind, Maritime Association for the Blind, etc.,
' te., found it almost impossible w ith their limited resources to meet the de aands upon them, but these demands have been suddenly increased by the ne .easily for providing shelter, care and training for upwards of two hundred nen, women and children who lost their -fight as the result of the disaster. Un 1er these circumstances it is imperative that an appeal l*c made to all sympathetic and public spirited Canadians.
The best and most effective way of making provision for these sightless people is to immediately increase the Blind Endowment Fund so that it may each a total of $600,000. The income trising from such au endowment fund will enable us to meet the problems of he blind in Halifax in a systematic and practical manner, and would bring to many a one now helpless and hopeless new opportunities to fit himself or her-*elf for the battle of life i eed to help the blind has ever arisen in my country in any j>art of the world mil 1 believe that when the people of Canada fully appreciate the situation generous help will be forthcoming.
The Blind Endowment Fund is in the hands of three trustees, namely, the President of the Board of Managers of the School for the Blind, Halifax ; the Treasurer of the School for the Blind, and The Eastern Trust Company of Halifax
Contributions toward the Blind Hn-Jowment Fund way be sent to The rr, or t"
Nurse Who Was Formerly Militant Suffragette Learns Her Soldier Patient Was Former Policeman.
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of apiietite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes my shoulders for over a year. I used two bottle# of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness C. McCabe, R. M D No. 5, Renfrew, I was troubled w ith rbeuma-
Afcomuiodation for a limited number in the college residences Charges for room and Liard will be $1.00 |*er day. Applications for this accommodation must be made to the Principal in advance.
Stay four days if you can- it not, stay one, two or three days.
FISHING A MECHANICAL ART
The day approaches when In recognition of the women’s generosity In giving their men for the war the men ire asked to give women hereabouts the vote, says a British correspondent. Nothing could be more timely, therefore, than to recall the story of what happened In that hospital of jur British allies on the coast of Normandy. A kind nurse was bending aver the pillow of a wounded man— i big corporal of the Grenadier 3usrds. She was a dear old lady, the aurse, one who had In her time enjoyed a full share os a militant suffragette. In fact, she had led more than me furious assault on the houses of parliament. Yet here she was lav-shlng the treasures of her sympathy apon the country's mere fighting men.
“It's odd/' she said. “Your face, my good man, Isn't a bit strange to me. I can't get rid of the idea that I've seen rou many times before."
“I can't deny It, ma’am,'* sighed the wounded corporal, struggling with a
You have
Outfit Consists of Net, Rope and Pulley—All Operator Need Do Is to Turn Crank.
Sire
of three years, cultivate 60 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of
I bad rheumatism in
Most operations nowadays can be performed by machinery. Time was
when the host sport In angling was I employment as farm labourers in Can obtained by the use of a rope, with ada during 1917, as residence duties un patience at one end and a suitable | dor certain conditions, bait at the other. The Wide World
Magazine gives a revised edition of 11iaed or posted For entry, returned sol this plan. Here It is in all Its aim- | diers who have served overseas and have
been honorably discharged, receive one You hang an Immense four-corner- I day priority in applying for entry at ed net on a rope which passes over local Agent's office (but not Sub-Agency), a pulley, turn a handle, and drop the Discharge papers must be presented to net into the sea. After a time, which j Agi nt may vary according to the mood you are In and the quality of the tobacco you are smoking, you wind up the net and"look Into it. If It Is empty, you let the handle go a few turns, and Jrop the net Into the sea again; if It contains any fish you draw It and bag them. * In this way you reduce fishing to a mechanical art. When you haul up this huge net from the briny deep and find by the aid of a telescope that It contains one tiny, solitary fish— is was our case—after many unsuccessful "casts," you rejoice with Joy unspeakable and call In your neighbors to the feast.
When Dominion Lands are adver
Full particulars and detailed programme from
writes
tism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me. ’
Mrs. Harry Grace. 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com pletely cured me
Mr. I>. M
The Principal, Macdonald College P. ()., P. Q
all city
was troubled for
OTHER COURSES.
Horticulture, Feb. 5. C, 7 & 8, 1918 Poultry
Horticulture for Suburban Household ors, Feb. 19, 20 and 26, 27, 1918.
W. W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior N. R. —Unauthorized publication ibis advertisement w ill not be paid for
Feb. 19, 29, 21 & 22, 1918
of
Robertson, Renfrew. 1 have not had an attack of
\\ nt
asthma or coughing sinet I took the fourth doses of your remedy.
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shawville Drug Co., Shawville, Que; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St.. Otta
THE MARKETS
" visible embarrassment
Want No Vermin.	I seen my face before. But can't we let
No man is allowed to enter Germany bygones be bygones? It’s true, HI Russia without being thoroughly | used to be a policeman. But that was
before the war, ma'am."
SHAWVILLE
wa ; or direct from the manufacturer, ilslnfected and purified. It Is not dis-W. F. Ritchie, Box 296,	Ont.
Price 75c. |>er bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover nore
Then fore, friend or foe, nobleman or yeasjint. nobody, is allowed to cross he threshold of Germany without a
visit to one of the disinfecting station» I standard German ration for noncom-
Even one batants, which seem to Indicate that
N o greatei
Flour perbarrel$11.50 Wheat, pel bu*hel, $2.10 to 2.15 Oata, per bushel, 83c.	.
Beans per bushel, $6.00.
Butter tubs print sand rolls 35c Potatoes per bag. 1.50 Eggs per dozen 45c.
Fowls, 12 to 18c per lb.
Geese, 1.3c. per lb.
Hides per 100 lbs. 10.00 Pelts Sic. to 2.00 each Hone Hides each 4.90 Calfsklnseaoh 1.00 to 1.25 Veal Skins each 00c
that the Germans are guarding
ne ¦
igalnst, but something that to them is terrorizing than disease—vermin.
Germany Short of Food.
The real food situation In Germany is the Important puzzle of the war. The United States food administration has got hold of some figures on the
lestage
The Klng*a Beard.
An Interesting story Is told In connection with the Swedish actor, Fermai, who was called upon to take the part of Oscar I In a play under that name at Stockholm, Sweden. The actor was ordered by the director of the opera to make up with a full beard, but during one of the Intermissions he hunted up the director and told him that Oscar I never wore such a beard. "What kind of a beard did he have, then?"
To this Fermai replied, “Mustache ind goatee, like Napoleon HI."
"How do you know that?"
The conclusive reply was offered. "From my postage-stamp collection."
The change was made and at the second performance the public noticed with astonishment how King Oscar luid altered the cut of hla beard. To stamp collectors it Is hardly necessary to point out that Mr. Ferras! secured iila Information by looking »p the Issue of Norway, 1866-7.
THORNE CENTRE
----	Gong the eastern frontier
Jan. 28.—Nearly nil the farm toys1 it the emperor's sons bad to submit the Teutons are In desperate straits, around here have been exempted.	to the disinfecting process and re- Figured In calories, the food value of
Mr. Emil Steinke, a well-to-do farmer cetved, along with such of the Russian, this ration Is only 10,000. This Is not from the West, is visiting his old friends Oossscks who merited It, a certificate sufficient nourishment to keep a man
itating that "His Royal Hlgness Prince of 140 pounds from losing weight A number of our men are engaged Adalbert Is, for the time being, fr*‘« readily, even If he does nothing but taking out pulp wood.	from lice."	j d* on his back for 24 hours a day. If
We have had some nice weather lately 1	—————	I he has work to do, he will eat up his
and the lovely moonlight nights are1	Harvesting Kelp.	1 fnt and then his muscular tissue, so
very favorable for the young folk.	Before the war potash could be much the faster. If the figures re-
We are sorry to hear that Master bought for $40 a ton; since Its Impor* ceived by the food admiriNtratlun are Percy Dahms had the misfortune of tattoo from Germany ceased It has correct and are not supplemented by getting his leg broken.	risen to $450 a ton.	other rations not mentioned, the civil-
Mr. I»renzo Smith is at present visit- O. C. Hopkins, In The Forecast, de- Ian population of Germany must lncv-ing friends in Bristol.	scribes the harvesting of the glgaiv c Itably be wenk<‘niiik’ fast	*
Mrs. Dan Smith is on the sick list.	kelp of the Pacific, and says this yields
The Misses Hazel and Ruby Smith not only potash but ammonia and were the guests of the Misses M. and C. Iodine, while the gns generated In th *
McKee Tuesday last.	process Is used to help the distillation. |ng tj,e territory of Alaska, the I agi#-
We regret to learn that Mr. Joseph The United States department of fiff- Mature meets every two years. It did Seaman is seriously ill : also Mr. Frank rtculture is harvesting the kelp with not meet In 1916, but the legislature of Morin.	Aim tin» mowing ms'hiLes.	1915 passed a law providing for s ood-
!>
around here
Sir Frederick Feaskr, School for the Blind, Halifax
The follow tngare last Saturdays quob allons:.
Butter, In print» 48c to 50c Batter In polls *3 to 46o Bggs. fresh, oer dosen 70 So 75c Potatoes per hag. $2.00 Pork per 100 lbs $9t 00 to 26 00 Beef, per 100 lhe. $12 00 to $14.00.
Oats per bushel UGc
Hay per ton 13.00 to 16.00
Professional Hockey Match at
Bristol
•Hit
Friday night, Jan. 18, saw the open ing game of the season of the great win ter sport, at thq Bristol arena the event was not very widely advertised, the spectators were quite in evidence ; but, then of course, it isn’t every day that such events take place in our little burg, and it was only natural that players of professional calibre
Altho
Strict Prohibition Law
Under the act of congress organls-

Equity ^dvts. Pay,



:
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
m FURS
A (TXMNG OiUKRTTIL.
FALL WEATHER
A Weekly Journal devoted to Lees Interests.
Pekliekei ererr Tkmred»y
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
fapAtM'M' Murdwr I'lantfd Tiff
Over Hie Victim-
in the dry as dust records of the Justice Department it is already mown as the “tragedy of a boot-ace,'* and, in all the history of Can-idlan criminology there perhaps lever was a case with so many itrange feature» or such a story of istêctlve work. It opened with the ldvcnt of Kokuishi Yoshioka, a Jap, ind his wife in the Yukon to start a fox farm near Dawson. It closed on November 19th with the confirmation >f (hath sentence passed on the Jap for the murder of his wife.
Yoshioka was in partnership with in Indian named Percy James. One lay in the summer It was announced that the Indian and the Jap s wife were missing. A little later the Jap came along with tho story that he had found the body of his wife in the bush. She had been shot dead by a shot gun. Tho inference was, according to the story told by Yoshioka, that the Indian had killed the wife and then made his escape.
The search for the Indian was about to be given up when a retired officer of the Mounted Police, living In Dawson, determined to Join In tho chase on his own account. At several points he found the moss pressed flat, as though a weight had been dragged over it. He followed that slight trail and found that It led to u depression near the river. Moss was growing there, and over it a tree was planted. Suspicious, the officer examined the ground closely. He thought the moss had been there for but a short time. He was convinced that the tree had been but recently nlanted. He notified his old col-eagucs on the force. They together dug out tho tree. Underneath they found the Indian’s body. The Indian’s Endlcott shoes were without their laces, and It was from here that the first trail led back to the Jap. The vendor of the boots was found. He asserted that the boots were of a peculiar type, that the laces were supplied only with the boots, that only one pair had been sold within a recent date—the pair bought by tho Indian. In the Jap’s house were found a pair of laces corresponding. Yoshioka was convicted and has since paid the penalty of bis crime.
Reminds us that the cold season is not lui away, that our home comforts should be looked after at once. Our furnaces may need rejwirs, or some new stove pipes may be wanted ; or perhaps we may need a new stove-as this is one of the greatest of all home comforts. If we go to DALE'S we are sure of getting an article which will give the greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction He keeps several style-» of the latest makes.
subscription, $1 a Year im Advance.
All arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
A visit to our Fur Department will certainly convince you of the many bargains to
be had
Every article has been reduced, both single pieces and coats, to a third and in many cases to half their original price. When you realize that our original price is always reasonable, you can understand what a big saving there is to be had by making your purchase now
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cent» per line for *<t insertion and 6 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion imd 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month
for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inst motions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of onarge. Obituary poetry declined.
Œ. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
SHAW VILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers* interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
If
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
i
i
ply executed, promptly attended to.
ohea
Professional Cards.
GODDESS..
Corsets that Lace in Front.
This is the new ideal corset, because it is made along the correct line of fashion. You must see this line of corsets to fully appreciate them..
CORSETS—Broken sizes in up-to-date lines, to clear at special cut prices.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
DR. A. H. BEERS
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bat - - Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGIPl University.
Doctor of Denial Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
S. A. MACKAY
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
NOTARY PUBLIC Shawvllle, - - - Que.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
! I Custom Sawing*.
STOCKINGS ..
Extra good value at 55c. per pair. Women’s Fine Black Cashmere Stockings that cannot be duplicated to sell at the above prices. As a matter of fact, this price (55c.) is almost today’s wholesale price.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
Cotton In Brazil.
A. L Moreau Oottschalk, United States consul general at Rio de Janeiro, Is enthusiastic over the prospect of a revival of the cotton growing In duslry of Brazil, according to the San Francisco Argonaut. He calls attention to the fact that the republic Is the original home of one of the parent cottons of the world. Cotton thrives In the country when skilfully cultivated, hut the Industry has thus far been neglected for others more profitable. The consul general advances a strong point when he says that a by-product of the cotton Industry—cottonseed oil cak would be a great help to the cotton raisers.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âo.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weeR.
C. F. HODCINS CO. L TD.
!
The private regarded him blankly.
“I say, didn’t the colonel tell you to keep your coat buttoned?”
The man looked at the officer with i puzzled expression.
“Me no splk English,” he affirmed mildly.
FRUIT TREES aqd PLANTS
FOR SPRING PLANTING.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
He need no further introduction than the fact that we have been in the Nursery business SIXTY ONE YEARS, and are now prepared to meet existing ditions by offering our high grade tn>^ and plants direct to customers at Rock. Bottom Pricks.
bend for our illustrated circulars of hardy varieties which you can order dir ect and save tho agent’s commission, of which you get the benefit. Our prices will bn sure to interest you and all stock
is absolutely first-class and true to n&me.
THE CHASE BROTHERS CO.
of Ontario, Ltd,, Nursery men. Established 1857.
A > vooati, Barrister. &c
$1,000 STOCK
196 Main St. - Hull.
con
Camera Lenses Wanted.
The United States signal corps has
.EARNING TO FORGET BEAUTY 1
*ar work. U Is knQWP tW the United Staten bureau of standards had tolved the problem of manufacturing ilgh-grade optical glass for aircraft ramera lenses, but apparently they j Col borne, ran not be produced In quantity fast mough to equip our fleet of airplanes.
Hie United States has always been a [rent field for amateur photographers, ind there are a large number of high-trade European-made lenses scattered ibout the country. These lenses the lignai corps wants to buy. Long to-•us lenses working at large apertures ire the only kind which can be used.
PHONE BELL	. t
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL.B.
ADVOCATE
BARRIiTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
To be sold at 20 p. c. discount in one week
Difficult Lesson for Woman, Asserts English Writer, in Describing the Aged Queen Alexandra.
At Quyon, Quebec
February 4 to 9, inclusive.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Ontario.
! "There is no more difficult lesson for i woman to I earn than that of learning how to forget that she has been beautiful,” writes u clever English woman.
"One afternoon I saw Queen Alexandra driving slowly In her open motor rhrough the gates at Hyde Park cor-
There are some good fat bargains. Come early I
and aVOld tho rush.	m Old woman nearing four score years
,	>f age. Perhaps *hc had forgotten to
$12.) WOrtil 01 Whips and Lashes.	)e alert, as Is her usual custom, or per-
I inps the heat of the day had fatigued
Special 4 doz. Team Collars, 2 doz, Buggy Collars.	h0f- R,,t at nfiy rate there was a
"ouch of tragedy In the thought that
1 set of 4 in. Coarse Fine Harness worth $62.00, to go for Pncon A,eiondra ,0 learning slowly,
j.OAA „ r	.	-	„, TT	,	hut surely, that extreme beauty can
#«>2.vv. A tew Sets of other H vy Harness to go cheap. I fade although the charm of person-
I a f . C r\ \ t T\ • •	.......	ility con challenge the attack of time.
ttsfao-1 A tew sets Ot Double Driving and Single Harness.	"I fancy it must have been the queen
1 A 1TT	.	mother’s costume that brought this
l Set Ot it Ope Harness to sell very cheap.	dea most surely before me. She was
-venring a mantle or clonk made of
6 doz. \ entiplex and Ked Edge Collar Pads at a low price, }orae mQteriûi in shade of iridescent
, 0	Ail T> 1	)lue spangles with a close frilling of
GEORGE HYN ES ^0me Alaskan Hobes, Motor Robes, YV ool and Oilcloth >Iack lace all round the edge. Her hat
Koee Rugs ; also Buggy Dusters. These are last year's IfïS
- stock, anti are rery cheap.	''“Ï;
v *	I Handing erect In front.
Harness Oil 70c. per gallon or 20c. a quart.
"	century toilet of the queen mother’s as
. I	__________.	«	^	11 characteristic conventionality, but
j Un account 01 tU6 RUVEtHC© in Goods, Hors© fomeliow on this sunny afternoon It
Blankets, Storm Covers, and all other small |	t0 “e *eacrtflce t0 tbe
articles, we would advise all to take advantage of these reductions.
i
INSURANCE
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Es.
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business In the
District ot Pontiac,
HULL
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST
AND I1EST
COMPAN IES.
GEORGE E. MORENGY
Eyes Made of Rubber.
Everybody knows that eyes were node to rubber. Very few know that ?yes are now being made of rubber.
I This is one of the million results of the *ar, notes a correspondent.
Glass eyes are always more or less jncomfortable, and frequently unsightly. and It Is Interesting, therefore when the deformities of wtr arç so lerloua a subject of consideration, to earn that two French workers, Mme. Lemaître and Teulllieres, have evolved in entirely new method of replacing a lost eye. By the use of a combination 3f a hard and soft rubber substance they have achieved their aim and are producing an eye that looks well and feels well.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rates and Particulars,
E. FAR IS, INSURANCE ACENT,
BRBCKENRIDOE
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ate.
Executed carefully to the (	tlon or partie*.
162 Wellington St. • -
Phone : Queen 5230.
QUEBEC
HORSES WANTED.
Hull.
About 30 good horses (mares pie-terred) for the Western Market. May be slightly heavey, but must be sound in limbs and in good fat condition, and not over 0 years old.
Apply at once.
G. A. HOWARD,
Shawville.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Revolution Headquarters.
Of all Boston’s early taverns none
were of more historic interest and Five Holstein Bull Cal vea, grand-sons aone dispensed greater good cheer of the famous “ Pontiac Hengervelt rhan the Green Dragon, which stood Pictcriji, and of the champion jntll recent years when It had to be | dairy test at Toronto, 1913.
Three of these bulls are fit far service this season ; the others are younger.
J. B. KILGOUR, Glenhurst Farm,
Shawville.
FOR SALE
Personal ittention.Openall hours
UNDERTAKING
cow in
torn down In order that the street might be widened. The Green Dragon was called a “nest of treason” by the Private, Unable to Speak English, I British because of the way In which Gives Explanation After Hie Second Reprimand.
and EMBALMING
WHY COAT WAS UNBUTTONED
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
he spirit of liberty flourished here and the fact that many meetings held for he purpose of furthering the cause ef A private of foreign extraction re- I American independence were held tm-cently appeared at reveille with his [ ler ft„ roof. Daniel Webster called overcoat unbuttoned, contrary to regulations, relates a cantonment corre-ipondent. The colonel, who happened to be on the scene, noticed this dis-
A discount of 10 p. c. will be given
on all orders for Harness, Collars, and other articles during the sale week.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
1>
NOTICE.
The snow plough belonging to the Municipality of Clarendon will be found by anyone requiring the same at David T. Hodgins, Brick Yard. Persons using the plough are requested to return same as soon as finished.
E. T. HOGGING,
Secretary.

it the “headquarters of the Revolu-ion.”
J. L. HODQINS
Don’t forget the dates of sale
Flavine as Antiseptic Fails.
Flavine, or acriflavlne, which has recently been called the Ideal antiseptic for use In wounds, Is unequivocally •nndemned by Lieut. Alexander Flea- I ng of the British Army Medical corps, after a series of experiments with Its effect upon his own blood, upon ml-•robes and upon pus. The Lancet pub-
—	0	iv Uf vu UIC ovriic, uuiu.ru uuo via*
February 4th to 9th, inclusive.
AOKNT FOR
Ginger Sewing Machines and Repairs
etty of military exactitude. During the admonition the private maintained a dignified silence. When the colonel had finished, he pointed to the door. The man went out The following morning he appeared at reveille with his coat again unbuttoned. When the formality was concluded, the captain called him to one
A Happy and Prosperous New Year to all Customers.
«HAWVILLE
QUE.
Wood Wanted
50 cords 2 ft. hardwood (for furnace) fshes his experiments In detail, and r for Shawville Academy. 25 cords to be its conclusions are that strong soin delivered in February and 25 cords in Ions of flavine have a more destine- March.
Ive action on the blood than on the ; Not necessary that one person supply nlcrobea, and that weak eolations the whole amount mve no antiseptic effect worth toning.
MPTLY SECUR
JAMES McLARNON,
In Ell CO
A ¦________ Aâk for our INVEN-
TOR’S AD VISER, which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION,
364 University SL Montréal.
tri
aide.

“Didn’t the colonel tell you to keep
R W. HOGGINS,
Chairman.
QUYON, QUE.
HARNESS MAKER,
###PAGE###6###



f

nrCHENEETS MOB
Ü
Norman Mali*.
2
mmfà
strongly, and Shorty admitted that he practiced such self-deception with very indifferent success; for after nil “bully” was “bully” form you ate it.
Articles Wanted for Cash
Write or send by tiimeee to ft T. JBMKiifb Limited
ANTIQUi OALLEHies
88 end 30 Oollero fttreet. Toronto, Ont
Ai
t
$

%
in whatever
I
(To be continued.)
«
1
HOW THK GROSS W AS WON
Young Alsatian's Brave Deed Was
Fittingly Rewarded.
Food Control Corner
*'VAIt AND FOOD SERIES. No. VI
BACON
CHAPTER VI. (Cont’d.)
! cesses in the walls.	very much1 Very soon after the began a
He crept inside and drew his knees encouraged when I saw the careful young New Yorker, whoso parents	"Keep a	pig" is tho slogan of the	we must not buy it except	in very
up U) his chest so that his feet were I,t ovisit-ns for sanitation and drainage, were born in Alsace, and who hud been	1 hours. Mr. Hanna has been consist-	limited quantities
ESiEi mm# ssgpis mmm
and 1 felt that the reputation “Don’t pat yerself on the back yet few months ago he was hack in NeW.a,onv	increase in the production of pork fats
for resourcefulness of Kitchener's * w’de, mate," he said. “They looks York on a furlough, wearing the rib- ' P*K means bacon for the men at van be accomplished much more
at stake. In a moment of r*Khfc enough now, hut whe till you've bon of the l egion of Honor and th >	front.	Bacon has concentrated	rapidly than in the ease of	beef or
_m 1 seized my rifle, gave him 8C*n vin	a oavy rain.	Croix de Guerre with palms—the lat-	^‘°d value	in the highest degree and	dairy products. As Mr. Hoover has
Ü*	ZZS&SS 3TLZ ÏÆ «3* ÏL***"""	.....
••.	.	ïsa'ttï ... hi, „P,L“
The Food Controller Is appealing to the proprietors of restaurants, grocery stores, butcher shops, etc., to discontinue the practice of using perishable foodstuffs for window or counter display in such a way as to render than unfit for consumption or to deterioration.
It is stated at the Office of the Food Controller that a very considerable
.	,	waste of food is caused in this way and
1 concentrate on the incroo.c m the pro- that in view of the growing shortage
,...
to double-cross 'em by pullin' caved 111 m Kreut masses.	Tin drains en him torn «feed that expose i him to	*''• NNHh backbone removed and ready j The despised pig was never in the	guc), display should be	stunned as l„mr
1 ain't sure were 1 likes flIIt‘d to overflowing, and	the trench no serious peril whatever. Here is the	t0 **h|P« has only . per cent, bone ns whole course of hi» existence as much	K, {uv nrtf«,nt	rnrfm.i,./
on the shins or on the feet.” ^a^s were covered deep in mud. story; let us see whither our renders compa»! with 20 per cent, bone in to the fore as at present. The need th,. m,hiir a>u.l Fa	i ,
*mm msm # 'sæ
sentry Tut y was great I v facilitates! «^larly interested in the construction	t;levvr,y concealed, was sweeping	its	desirablefor slufiment overseas.	whether in the city or the country,	is
with rows of protruding boots soles the machine-gun emplacements.	firc hack and forth and enfilading	a	more wtal heat and energy are con-	rendering useful service to the	Km
“simply nrskin' to l>e 'it," as Shorty 1 l,v covered battle position were very	part of his trench at every sweep. The centra ted in a pound of bacon than in	pire. The British soldier is allowed
pub it. ______ solidly built. The roofs were sup-	Fremh officers were not sure where 11 I)ound of beef, veal or mutton. The	four ounces of bacon a day. Canada's	$ «...	» w
All of the dugouts for privates and P?rjed w’1*1 immense logs or steel the hidden gun was, but our young Al-	fal constituent of bacon is valuable to export of bacon in 1913-1914—before	r U ' ad to th<*	; nconquerable
N.< .O s were of equal size and built g "iv, < v0Vl 'J^d over with	many lay- satian was quite sure it wav behind a	men working and fighting in the out- the war—to Great Britain was 23 620-' Cheerfulness of British Troops.
S&rSfeSKSS H	:..	jsxxvx&tjz
were of corrugated iron, were put to- bre, as I his dangerous little weapon	1,1 oeruh and the bushes there was	* » h> the lood Controller is	was 207,284,673 pounds.	gvon	general's	office	in	Wahington,
gather in sections at the headquarters best enjoys catching troops in enfilade	a tan lv continuous line of deep shell 1 rgmg an increase n hog production	But the number of hogs has not in-	said recently that	the English	army
of the Royal Engineers, who superin- owing to the rapidity and the narrow	holes, each ten or fifteen yards from an<1 a decrease in the home con sump-	creased in Canada. Better that we	is an army with a	smile, that it	never
tended all the work of trench von- cone of its fire. Its own front is pro- its next neighbor. On these holes he Hon or bacon.	j go short than the soldiers who are de- wears off " and that where it is most
struct ion. The material was brought fected by the guns on its light and	built his plan of campaign.	Again it is a question of individual	finding us with their very lives.	persistent is in	the war	hosi itals	In
###
room for indulging individual tastes cf fire. \\ hen not in use the gun was ht,i ^ JH plunged, and there he lay 11 ^ ' n u . Ve	rich and ment, then, for the insistent demand the early hours of the day. But never
in du gout architecture. The roofs kept mounted and ready for action in	Wa“e ,he machine gun swept jnv poor. But it is not now a ques- for the conservation of beef and bacon, was there a whimper of regret or y.ir-
were covered with from three to four,'thv battle position.	; back over his head. He had not asked tlon of whether or not we can afford I Canada must send 25 per cent, more render,
feet of earth, which made them proof "But remember this." said Shorty, permission to leave the trench, for, as fo buy it. It amounts to this—that* beef and hac^^to the Allies
against shrapnel or shell splinters, “you never fires from your battle posi- he naively confessed, he “knew it L	_
In case of a heavy bombardment with tion except in case of attack. Wen would be refused.”
high explosives, the men took shelter y°u g0«? out at night to 'ave a little \ few moments later while the ma- v.v ? i	.	, |A ,1 I	_ I I
in deep and narrow “slip trenches.” go at Kritzie, you always tykes yer hin n fi	directed away from'	’ utn ”ot see why it is noces- The ice-water pan was always run
sssa	sc:::::
¦¦¦Bl
Villa” next door but one. “The Hie sky. There I saw the latest he had brought with him. It was a art,rles ll8ed in cooking.	Why is it that kitchen sinks are al- 1 gh d d'
Suicide Club” was the suburban re-	, five-and-a-half-sevond bomb, and he1 1 have set my wits to work and nail- w»y-s too low Î Because a “mere man"
Shorty told me that if there were any making a complete job of it. a thick ail<l then coolly held the bomb while uiserted small sash-curtain hooks ^ould be mote mindful of the height, men slated for the Order of the Wood- frmge of hair which resembled a h«* counted four.	, about three inches apart, the entire 1 cou*° not ^ange the sink bi^jt I
en Cross, the bombers were those un- misplaced scalping tuft was left for Then he launched it, and so nicely	length of it. Here the kitchen impie-	cou,<i ami	di<1	change	the work-table,
fortunate ones. In an assault they d^wrative purposes, ju-t above the was the explosion timed that the	mont* are hung close at hand.	1	naiIed blocks to	the	legs,	making	it
tes	Z	s* Ttvnx Th,r............. - -.--^ w
H 2EEE1 111.......................................................................................................................................................................................
scale than those of the men. This I Borne o' the blokes thinks that 'edge- and three others were lying wounded!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ |	¦
gathered from Shprty’g description of row is a regular ornament.”	and dazed on the ground. The young
them, for i saw only the exteriors as * bad supposed that a daily shave soldier took them prisoners and when	W XB BREAD.	ual and the inn was supplied. This
wv passed along the trench. Those ^°n the firing- *bey were able to get up he marched	- little girl worked steadily and unaid-
gæaaas
iSMrtsr.Ttir i&Aw. s&s*s 5Tf4 tsr.is %r" " *" • 1 ",yi -	*»*-. -u gsgrA zt r™..................—...«
...
I bey got it soft, Im tellin you? dont want to ferget is this: Wen yer Question of Dominion's Future Share from its bakery after the departure of UM1| , 10,11 tn ' 101 the now-fam- =	And sav voiiourhtt
......	..?.^. r.i Jr «âÿ a ; J
riorum . all (be fag- they wants with you. Fhey amt so much as a Dne of the most interesting ques- HS Youn friend ” wrote a stol*y l‘iat comes from Scotland, where =	—¦¦ that way.
limy. ' •! .c not (hey cal s livin' match-stick left in the trenches. Then tions awaiting the close of the war is letter of thanks and annrerbitinn n«. I1*16 fortunes cf war threw upon two = The only other time I was so happy,
•vou u,ants to 1,0 [nv*n' of "“'Vt Canada'., future share in the timber .lh,.!ivjn thll. h(. yP	E . " sisters, twins of fifteen, the charge of = Goodness knows,
üËEnËsS#	EF" - preE.HEl	™1
always so fortunate, as later c p ri- this point afterward when I saw men ,l ?s hoped a larger part of the enorm-; NoWf onvt. more# and for lhp same have achieved a modest success. But = When other travelers hit that ern e proved. Here there had been nsk>ig their lives in order to procure »us volume or timber orders given to peaceful service, become doubly me- '	^ T" inexperience should compro- = town,
little serious lighting for month-- and firewood. Without his tea Tommy, Russia (bO per cent, of the total re-, cious in the Htresfl an<1 Hisn,vm'7H. mise the established good fame of = They, too, don’t want to roam, he trenches were at their best. Else- was a wretched being. I do not re-1 quirements) will be turned towards ' t:on ,)t- XVflr ilp vi v .	.	^eir father’s wares, one of them = For ^bey say, "At that WALKER a
BBS:S55!i$SSee I
Ihv cpinmunmetton trenvhes which k'ave me a practical demonstration of St R.,'t ^mderslcy,	gov- her father was ra|let| t0 thp colorg	h arul A- fcgimon,	=	1	=
i	1
twmmm	i —i
them well out of range of rifle fire, was the piece de resistance at every	t#ken ^/he as the inn wae on of , J	tories
battalion and brigade trench course of a few weeks or months. To bers has been taking evidenc* on this 1 i u °Vh	^	1 vf,lh.e ca8e*
headquarters. XX e wandered from use the German expression one doesn’t subject. Arrangements have been 1 housewife. The accomplished cook
EB:	”£3; CEEiS ;	?: “ ~ A
were stayed with fine me^h w ire to save carefully all of your bscon I ^.fuarT ^ 0ut. yiL^ ^ Office of \X orks hold the earth in place. The floors grease, and instead of eating your Wlt 1 a x.,# w J°. ae inclusion of these were covered with hoard walks care- “bully” cold out ~f the tin, mix it with	ln omcial specifications,
fully laid over the drains, which ran bread crumbs and grated cheese and along the center of the trench and fry it in the grease. lie prepared emptied into deep wells, built in re-' some in-this way, and I thought it a -	^	— most delectable dish.
In order to main
bU
cause
M
in
I had this
Ho came dur‘ng the summer and autumnH .
more wretched existence than that of
J-	-m«iv, he said. 8(ddiering in wet weather could hardly
That's just wot they does wen you be <nagined. The walls of the trenches s,st18.,'|at the ( roix «le tiuerre was giv a	|-	m 1	"gg- 1 g sjvs. Ths drains vn him for a deed that exposed him
f likes bib .I to overflowing, and the trench no serio i peril whatever. Here Is th
walks were covered deep in mud. story; let us see whether our readers compared with 20 per cent, bone in to the fore as at present for ifter a few hours of rain, dry and *,	th him:
while comfortable trenches became n quag
rhf
Wiltshire sith
trad
trie
yer tvvt m
it 1
the
to a minimum
?
AN ARMY WITH A SMI LI
i
Never would he forget one hoy who had a had compound fracture of tho knee joint which every effort had been made to save. In spite of the effort*
W HAT 1 CAN* I UNDERSTAND
were
Grow Wheat in Quebec.
Professor R. Summerby, of Macdonald Agricultural College, discussing the question of wheat-grov Quebec says vince can well afford to devote three to five acres of their land to wheat. ( trary to the opinion held by many, wheat of excellent quality can lie produced in all parts of Quebec.”
Farmers of this pro
on
Also I provid
a
iron mg
1
Raw Furs gsr=-
N. SILVER
igh
o •»
a

i
a
'
a
Baby's Own Soap
(E
Its fragrance is pleasant
6619
and
there was only this one bakery, hitherto sufficient, for the baker and his wife had been strong and industrious. What was to be done? The inn was in despair. A Frenchman will go without meat, but life without bread is thinkable. No one thought df the child.
4
but the great value of Baby's Own Soap is its creamy softening lather which cleanses and beautifies the skin
Doctors sod nurses recommend Baby's Own Sold everywhere
-L

<
it
Bran and Shorts for Farmers
>1
un
As a result of the Order in Council
ssssfisÈuS
“kid yerself that it's Irish stew.” tons of bran and shorts intended This second method of taking away ^or the United States have been diver-the curse did not appeal to me very ted for the use of Canadian farmers.
KV
em

Shur Gain
It is possible that in her double grief she did not think of herself—for twenty-four hours. But on the second day after mobilization the t hop dow was piled high w ith loaves as us-


f
tili

' _ you
zer
V
w.n
k
/






451930617548683773
###PAGE###7###
Trees in lea/ and rapid
quently
growth may be watered at the roots if watered thoroughly.
Young trees will be benefited by
spreading manure over the roots ini	By Andrew F. Currier, M. D.
the spring, covering a radius equal Dr. Currier will answer all signed letters pertaining 16 Health. If youi to the height of the tree; spade this question la of general Interest It will be answered through these ôSlumni; manure in In the autumn and cover ,f not 11 W,M be answered personally, If stamped, addressed envelope Is en
spaded in in the spring.	| West, Toronto.
Young trees should not be set in grass fields, or sowed grain or clover.
Potatoes, carrots and low crops that are well cultivated may be raised among young trees.
Rules For Tree Planters.
If the roots of a tree are frozen out of the ground and thawed again in contact with the air the tree ia killed.
If the frozen roots of a tree are well buried, filling all cavities before thawing, the tree will be uninjured.
B, Agronomist	-	Never place manure in contact with
, „	. .» «Hviee the roots of trees in planting
«r................................................................................................. »•>—
«• of sufficient general Interest, It wHI be answered through this column.	finally.
•temped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a comp'»**	\ *mall tree at the time of trans-
• newer will be mailed to you. Address	Agronomist, care of Wilson Publishing	planting will usually come into bear-
Co-. Ltd., /3 Adelaide 8t. W., Toronto.	ing sooner than a large tree planted
--------- at the same time.
Planting the Garden.	and walk on it. It js an advantage j Constant, clean and mellow cultiva-	| g tops.
A study of good seed catalogues use these devices to make the rows tion ,, necessary for the successful Like d,8ert vaat and cheerless will enable you to decide many people	straight, as beauty adds much to the	growth of a pesch tree and it Is as	stretch	the	nurs’rv	lands
neede d in the course of the season's	'nterest in the garden. A crooked, necessary for/a young plum tree but	wh„	could	with	viai„n	fearle,s
work, o* the information they con-	row is not beautiful.	not quite so much so for an old plum	th	irarklee«	.node?
tain is compiled with a view to being	^ quick germination, especially of	tree; it is nearly as essential for a
of service to their readers to enable	sm®H seeds, planted shallow, is desir-, young apple tree, but not so much so
them to decide Just which varieties	rd, the top of the soil must be kept	for an old orchard.
moist. To accomplish this without j A small, compact, smooth earth washing out the seeds requires some mound a foot high around the stem of care. The average watering pot has, each young tree will afford protec-a nozzle too coarse for the purpose, tion from Hut if you have at command a garden
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
§0 Ü Sand
O
W#

How (o Avoid Pneumonia
chances of the patient’s recovery na Pneumonia is a winter disease turally diminish with the diminutioi identical with lung fever, a disease °f his resisting power ZHC HI I to which the mature and the aged are to ward off such a deathly disease ul very susceptible. It is especially together than to try and cure it. prevalent at the present time in con- Sometimes it will attack a per.-oi junction with war, pestidence and fa when there is a sudden drop in th« mine, and because of strains of all temperature no matter how careful!) kinds which have made people un- he has been living, usually susceptible to it, its toll of Sometimes it follows sudden cool victims is unusually high.
It is bette
?
ir.g of the body when one goes out ol a warm room without adequate pro
te< i« * ^j|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||iS|j|||j||||||||||||||||S|
Though there waits a shelter peerless Mother reaching hands.
The young are suffering from it in "great numbers this winter, and because of high price* and poor nutrition they have not the power to resist	\ .	....	, *	,	..
it they have in normal times. Those a trying °hstetr.e ease. Deep breath
who are enfeebled by disease or dis- ‘"g '* important in preventing it; be sipation particularly alcoholics, are cause the aged are shallow breather*
they often die of pneumonia.
The whole body, but especially the
Or it may follow fatigui and exhaustion, as it often doe* wher a doctor has been out all night with
Kyes alight with exultation, Lips that shape a shout;
Just a flutt’ring hesitation, Just a sigh of doubt.
Dare and launch a generation! Sturdy legs, step out.
will best suit their purposes.
To insure the best germination there should be three things: the proper drgreés of heat, moisture, and contact between the soil and the seeds. It is distressing to the knowing garden* r to see people carefully and lightly covering their seeds with a thin film of soil—which perhaps the wind will blow away—and expect good germination.
There are some seeds which are
mice.
1^8	, The roots of « tree extend a* far un
hose with a spray nozzle it can be t.ach gi(|e HS the height of the tree
done to perfection. Turn the noz-|ûnj cultivation should extend over
zlc down until the water comes in a this entire surface
fine mist. Hired the hose upward Watering a tree in dry weather so that the mist will rise into the air Joes more harm than good unless the and fall on the -soil containing the soil is thoroughly moistened down to fine seeds. Once a day is usually a considerable depth sufficient.
its easy victims
Burgess Johnson
Pneumonia is a germ disease due to one or perhaps several varieties of feet, must he kept dry and bacteria. When doctors speak of a Constipation and indigestion must hf mixed infection they mean that sever- j controlled, habits in eating and drink al kinds of germs are found in the must be simple, and. above all material which is coughed up by the things, one must get plenty of sleep patient.	and not worry. Simple as these
This disease usually begin, with a «tatementa muy seem, it will pay tc
h', ,1 them.

warm
A Woman’s Way.
Men folk tell us that we cannot
drive a nail, but here is a suggestion I ight water *°r	a RCrew ‘n some out-of-
srx	r. mnr. "	T......—- », «
- idJ:	h"	arsssn	tx	^	vstXï stars?- """ " ""
^	^	*	give	belcw	a	list	of	the	vegetables	expand.	It the v\ea lie is dry wa-i prpgs t^e nut jown jn*0 pUm	ailj	led to breathe much faster than usual j Answer: 1. Chronic arthritis im
\ids to Seed Planting	ordinarily grown in kitchen gardens. |ter *he bark, stem and branches f,e-|Rtart the nut wherever you please *n order to get the requisite volume any form of inflammation of the
of oxygen into him blood
He coughs and expectorates the joint disease with wasting and desubstance in his air cells to get more formity and loss of power, breathing space but if it accumulates j 2. Anybody would be likely to suf-faster than he can get rid of it he fer from such a condition, sewer gas will lose the game. Ifi» blood is being one of the mo-t pervasive of carrying poisons which it cannot get gases.
‘‘Why is it almost impO'sibls to and sen.i up a fen shouts of joyous,!^	sui,ply <*f the vital!
keep our really worth-while boys, exuberant laughter, the neighbors are oxygen is diminished; the candle im He would make the proper tests to Cucumber, half &%er they reach the age of fourteen shocked If they smoke a cigai e ***** bur ' at both ends. T1	lei mine its i •- or absence
If this straight-edge, which can be | half ounce. Lettuce, one made out of a piece of board, eight Parsley, one packet, feet long, four inches wide and half ounce. Muskmelon. one ounce. Onion an inch thick, is marked off in equal sets, two quarts spaces, say one inch, it will be a guide for quick and even planting, as you can lay it along the furrow and set the seeds at the right distance very rapidly.
To cover these small seeds use the straight-edge, pushing the soil back into the small furrow, lay it on top
If this comes to

There are a number of aids to seed The quantities arc for u family of five, planting which will be of service to and will plant a row of each 100 feet you. A straight-edge is one of them, long:	-	.
With this, and a pointed stick, you Beans, snap, one pint; beans, pole, can mark off the furrows into which half pint; beans, bush, lima, one pink to plant tine seeds, drawing the stick j Beets, four ounces. Cabbage, early, ligfitly along the edge, which will'half ounce; cabbage, late, half ounce, make	tiny furrow.	By bearing 1 Carrol, one ourii'4B |||||||||||| |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
more on the stick you can in this way 1 packet make a furrow of any depth up to sweet, one pint two inches
joint. Rheumatoid arthritis is chronic
BOYS AND THE CHURCH
Bifaea trice Brace
To your local heal*h officer
C auliflower, one Celery, one packet. Corn.
I
interested in church they are on the way to the glitter or ounce. *nd Sunday school i< the query of the gallon >
Parsnip, half an anxious mother
..	,	,	,	,girls uttered a simultaneous cry of deNow, why can t the church gather 6	$ jjght
i*BI lilil
tatoes early, one peck; potatoes, win- abounding boys.	ly every boy likes history. Boys are her knees and glanced at the clock. | t . p xvha( w thJ!
ter, one half bushel or enough to All too often this class of boys are not naturally devout, and they dislike Twenty minutes! She came to her y .	«talking »t„ „t * n,lW
plant desired space.	not found interested in the church, things taught in a devout manner. To feet and rapped firmly on the table ... .	f	•'
and their love of life, and excitement, them it seems affectation, and what with her thirnbled forefinger. The p*ameR?M grain rather	sparingly; but when she	and adventure often leads them into	man’s man can endure affectation?	others,	some tiptoeing, some	crawling.	««when	I was	a	heedless	youngster
.	went dry in	June she received a small	j wrong paths. They	could do so	And the boy is only the younger man.	some	pawing	over	the piles of	com'	v;hjtjn«,	mv Quaker	name	aunt	Pru-
amount of grain along with the other much for the church, and the church Again, teach the Bible from the dated work, some shaking out their	j forevpr i„sing mv toys
cows——to keep her quiet, more than so very much for them, if only we standpoint of its literary composition.j skirts for the dozenth time, turned ex- afi(J	upsettjng everything and
Just because you culled your pullets for any other reason. In August she	would meet them on their own plane. For classic simplicity, dramatic	ele-	pectant	faces.	everyone	hunting	for	them	immédiat the age of five or six months is no gave us a fine	heifer calf, and beganj	1 think all who \ understand hoys ! ment, dignity of style, power	and	“Oh,	have you found it?” cried ateh:	ineistentlv and frantically	look-
reason why a second culling is not milking 33 pounds daily. Two months from fourteen to eighteen years of forcefulness of expression, brevity and Louise Bemis.	ing half a dozen time* in the same
necessary Also, a culling of the after calving-being in the same j ege, know their shrinking from any j terseness, it stands preeminent. -No, I'm sorry to s.v! But, girls, place,-you know how an impatient year mg hens, to determine which stage of UcUÿon as when I bought show of sentimentality All their, Taught from this standpoint, boys t)li, Wt d we're losing too much ' child does hunt,-and Aunt Prudence should have a right to hold over for her-she was giving L-4 pounds, and , tender thoughts and feelings are hid-j who are already studying English time Remember, this is » special used to sit back, exasperating!) calm, breeders ,s equally important. That was still going strong.	, den under an assumed brusqueness, literature in school, and making a meeting called expressly because we ' and give me good advice,
these statements are good poultry! she was dry a little less than	two	of manner, and they are so	afraid of, study of	many of the classics, will ! were notified that this month’s cold	|	¦	|	¦¦¦
gospel I have proved again and again,	months, and during this time she	con-	being “sissified.’’	I find the	Bible fascinating. Teach
Pullets of the smaller breeds, and	8Umed not over 120 pounds of grain,	On the other hand, they Have a good right for	right's sake. Teach them
even Rocks, Reds, anti Wyandotte#, if	being fed at the rate of about	two	deal of penetration, and the	majority ! that they	may reap what they sow in
well fed and properly housed and ban- pounds daily.	At $52 a ton for the	of them are doing considerable think- the hereafter, but they most certainly
died, should be layifig when six feed, it cost a	little over $30. But	ing on their own responsibility these j will reap just what they sow in	this
months, old,	or soon	after.	Any	during the	first two months after	days. They can’t see	any harm in	life. Teach them the power of right
well-raised	pullet that	delays	laying	calving she	gave on the average	going into an orderly,	well-regulated |	thinking. Teach them the value of a
t
Child, child, if thee has lost one signment must be ready earlier than article remember thee does not im-we expected, if it is to go by the first prove matters by losing throe others, ship. That means using every mi- which are generally more important: nute, and we shall only make good by thy head, thy temper and time.' " the skin of our teeth at that. Now, “Good for Aunt Prudence!” said A dele’s gold thimble is here, in this Louise, with a laugh room, safe if it’s where it can’t be ' good for Niece Prue! stepped on—”	|ph
“It isn’t on the floor. I’ve crawled over every* inch!” interrupted Louise.
“Well, then. I propose we stop hunting and go back to work. I’ll hunt milk, cornmeal r „sh, apple sauce. It again, alone, after our job is finished makes him fit fo< school and fit for and you're all gone, and simply keep play, on till I find it. Of course, you’re all eager to help Adele, but I]m sure she’ll understand if I doi\’t let you—
pounds daily
feed, it cost a little over $30 during the first two months after days calving she gave
longer ban six and a half to seven j about 6% pounds of milk more per poolroom and knocking a few little mural life to them now. Healthy, months from the shell, seldom will day than she had given during her balls about on a table. It does not normal boys are not thinking of dy-make a profitable egg producer."* previous lactation. At a net price harm them so far as they can see. ing: they are thinking of living—liv-The profitable yearling hens to of $2.60 per hundred for the milk, the nor anyone else. They meet many ing abundantly; if they have a rehold over are the ones that commenc- increase in milk was worth a little boys there from the best families in j ligion they want it to be a religion to ed laying comparatively young (not qver $10 for the two months. Be- town. There are seats and places to live by. And, after all. don’t you too young, before being well-matur- ! ginning with the first of October, lounge -everyone is at ease and think a religion to live by would he
Where is the a good one to die by? ^
i Teach not how to die, hut how to I live. Let ug gather our boys into
But the church says. ’It is wicked the church and guide them into ways	vmT A dele*’
'	*’ If their that will lead to their highest good,	Aoeic*
love of motion and music and life, and do it by getting their point of
Then I think we will have our If a few i “big boys” in the church- and
“Likewise, Let us tele-one Adele we’ve found her thimble.”

A Heal Youngster’s Day.
\ good breakfast to start hj»> ofv
/ ed). and continued with but few and	when the net price	of milk	is about	sociable and jolly
brief interruptions for ten or eleven	$3.60 per hundred,	the showing will	harm? they reason	to themselves, and
months before molting ductivc layer will then have a rag
ged. toil worn condition of plumage, ' the grain fed while	the cow	was dry.	and they are bad	boys.’
toe nails worn to stumps, and shanks	because her former owner	and 1	iwr ui muuvn «.m ««won
bereft of their color. But, in spite manage our herds very much alike, leads them to want to dance, the j view "f her disreputable appearance, the even to feeding the same brand of chinch doesn’t approviHH^HHHHflHPIHHH hen that has laid heavily will still dairy feed.	get together on Sunday afternoon I want them there
wear a bright, velvety comb and head furnishings, and exhibit plenty of hustle and life even up to time the
ily eleven and twelve months in their,
pullet year before molting are trea- ; Ewes which are in poor condition sures, and are worth keeping for must be sorted out and given a little breeders as long as they continue vig-, extra feed and care. When the* orous and the# eggs prove fertile. |:	ÉM	¦ 1	¦
If the weeding out of loafing hens during the winter, the lambs are has been neglected, delay no longer, often too weak to stahd, ançl unless Slacker hens have no business con-'given immediate care will become ¦uming feed at present prices
Milk and plenty of it makes him grow—-a quartVach day if you can. Put it on his cereal and in his cup. 1 |l Make it into soups, puddings or eus Adèle tards for him.
While milk is best, of course, but It was a pre g kirn milk is good if there is a little sent, and set with a turquoise hand butter in bis meals. Cottage cheese and my initial in diamonds, or I’d js good, too.
never have mentioned it; but, of No coffee or tea not even a taste.
Prue’s heart sank plainly resentful
set her committee to work once more, 0f water always
and the last comfort pillow was Fruit they enjoy, and they need it triumphantly completed before the too—baked apples, apple sauce, thor meeting broke up. She invited Adele oughly ripe bananas, prunes, oranges remain; but Adele declined, and etc. < e iiem vegetables, fresh or departed abruptly to keep an engage ; canned. Plenty of fruits and vege ment.	tables tend to prevent constipation
“prue, you were fine, and you did Use proper food and do not depend exactly right!" declared Louise, her upon laxatives. The youngster “chum,” who had lingered. Adele a can’t* be well unless the bowels move . a pig of selfishness, anyway, and it regularly. Don’t let him hurry off doesn’t matter what she thinks.” j in the morning without attending tc “Oh, yes, it does. I’m afraid -when this duty, she was the loser and my guest!” sigh- ; Other foods a child needs; Whole ed Prue. ”But the work came first; wheat bread, not too fresh, corn bread and then, we were all flustered and ; well-cooked oatmeal hindering one another and wasting I hey help make strong boys and girls precious minutes, and all of a sudden Some fats, butter or margarine or I remembered one of Aunt Prudence s i meat fats on his bread or in gravies, maxims,—it s the first time 1 ever did An egg, perhaps, particularly if he remember a maxim at the right time, doesn’t get his full quart of milk, or nd I acted on it. But, all the j he can have a little meat or fish, hut
same. I'm frightened! Suppose we | he does not need much J________________
shouldn't find the thimble? It must Sweets are good for them—the have been valuable.”	right ones at the right tiro :	¦
“I suppose so- it was fairly lumpy raisins, stewed fruits with ornament; I don't see how she dings, could sew with the clumsy thing,” j candy said Louise, withdrawing her hand
The pro- ; be still better
to their mother and father

This increase in milk was due to
“Oh, of course,” assented
I'm sorry to haw made
tn
trouble—very sorry
we
?
Leave them for the grown-ups. Milk Adele was cocoa, not too strong, and fruit juices Nevertheless, she are the drinks for children, and plenty

*
ruNNV roL
1
The hens laying stead
#
*
CUT OUT AIND FOLD ON DOTTED LINES

l

flock has not been properly cared for

i
I
»!
i

i
\
r.
»!
i
chilled and die.
Pens four feet square should be provided for the ewes at lambing -time. These protect the young lambs from the rest of the flock and keen them from	separated* fronK
An experience in my herd has con- their mothers. If the attendant sees vinoed me that it pays, and pay; well, that the young lamb gets up and to^Teed grain to dry cows—even at nurses by the time it is fifteen or the present high price of grain, says 'twenty minutes old therq^will be lit- 1 a successful U. S. farmer.	tie need of giving it further atten-
In November, 1916, I bought an tion. -grade cow from one neighbors BU about two months with her fourth calf, and was giving 18 pounds of milk » day
•he had been out on pasture and received no grain while dry, and that she had given three gallons, or about 26 pounds, of milk # day when she was fresh.
As feed was high last winter, I fed
£
I

1 i
'Gï'fâPûirrfà
I
i
V
I
VJ
&
! o
5
i t
I
i

i
»
*j».‘
i

cornmeal. rice
*-+
i.
i
i
I
i
i
l

1
Twins or triplets are not uncom-and the ewe sometimes refuses
In case of
i
t
She had been fresh for
i
mon
to own the weakest one twins, if the stronger lamb is removed for an hour or two the ewe will turn her attention to the other Iamb, and when the stronger one is put back she will own them both.

i
•o

Her owner told me that
pud-
sugar cookie*, are better than Give them at meal time*. Between meals let them have bread from exploring behind a shelf of and butter, a cracker or fruit. They book* and daintily flipping the du@t| won’t spoil the a, petite, and candy from her fingers with her handker-1 will.
i
:


I i
' i
MdVL

U
I
if a- ’•

Binder Twine Available.
An ample supply of binder twine for Canadian requirements next year at reasonable prices has been ensured, as result of an agreement reached between the United State* Food Administration and the Mexican sisal

/. ,•
flbT-v
chief.
As she pulled the handkerchief “Utmost wisdom is not in self-from her apron pocket, the lost thim- denial, but in learning to find ex-ble came with it, and rolled clinking taeme pleasure in little things’’-Bus-and glittering on the floor* The! kin.	i
t
Axnn
Shur Gain
Now Brother Paul Is fond of hall, While sister, she's a singer;
My specialty is pitching shoes, Just watch me make this ringer
the
Fertil i
i ze r

###PAGE###8###
Make Your Decision
Right Now
1
The Shmille Bool mi Sloe Store
When you require Printing
call at
Purchase a Confederation Life Contract.
Send for our Booklet covering plans of Life Insurance. Wo sell every plan of Life Insurance offered on the Market
To secure Confederation Life results, you must hold Confederation Life Policies.
Prosperous and Progressive after 43 years of Business.
Confederation Life Association
Established 1871.
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent. Shawville, Que.
P. SEWELL ROBARTS, District Manager Eastern Ontario, 115 Sparks St., Ottawa.
I
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
l
February Bargains
20 p, c off all lines Felt Goods.
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
=J
8HAWVILLE ELEVATOR
15 pairs Women’s Cravenette Boots, rubbei heel and sole. 20 p. c. off regular prices.
comfortable boots, well
ELMHURST fl
SHORTHORNS 4
These are very lined and will give good service.

will be open for business
every THURSDAY only
until further notice.
Highest Market Prices Paid.
If you think you will need a pair next winter, they are good buying as they are bound to be much higher next season.
If you are thinking about buying
A Young Bull for this coming
season
come and see the very choice lot we are now offering for sale. They are rich colored, thick fleshed, growthy fellows that should make good money for their owners
Elmhurst Stock Farm,
Portage du Fort.
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Oats 85c. this week.
WM. HODGINS.
trirt' weekly as befoie. To these Cottage Frayer Meetings any ami all in the districts are cordially invited. “More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams 1 of." therefore Pray! Monday— \V. F. Pritchard and J. Nicholson, elder* : Tuesday — .1. Anderson,
W. 1). McCredie ; Wednesday—
11. Ross, W. C. Voting : Thursday —Geo. Ctithbei tson. W. McM. Russell ; Friday—J. McVorriston. For (three weeks the above meetings ; will be held in the homes, then Rev. R. B. N el les, Toronto, will lead the special services during “Right of Way week.
On Fi iday evening, the Congregation met at the Manse for an evening of sociability and pleasure. They had it. The large rooms were taxed to their utmost. A time of gaines^ music and fellowship was enjoyed by all. The gathering was made the occasion of a very interesting event. The Minister assisted by Miss Reta Grant, a member of the choir, and Mr. S. Woods, secretary of the Board of Managers presented Mrs. Ruby McMullen, the faithful organist of the Church with a well filled purse and an address of thank*. Mrs. McMullen made a neat reply of thank*. Refreshments were served.
Sunday was given over to the Armenian and Syrian Relief Fund. All of the services were set apart for this fund. The Minister's address was an explanation of the need of these people* and our wonderful indebtedness to the*e races, illustrated by history, geography and story. A free-will offering was taken in both churches about $.80,00 was received.
Tuesday evening our young people arranged a sleighing party, three loads from the different district* drove to the Bristol Corners' Rink, where several hours of pleasure and exercise wore indulged in. after which the party drove to the home of Mr. Andrew Russell, where supper was served.—Com.
Local and District.
Your family, friends and bu.sini s want your portrait.
*f folders to choose from.
H. I NISON, Artist in Portraiture.
u Milk patrons me kindly requested to return bottles at once when emptied and oblige Sam Hoi h. ins.
»ss .w \ nice
Mnuat
range
TAILORING
Canadian Pacific Railway
Time Table.
Now is a good time for you to select your
NEW SUIT
Won from Elmside.
Our Junior hockey team, composed in part of ;‘Cy> Pets ', and a few new recruits, journeyed to Bristol Corners on Wednesday night to try conclusions with the Elmside buys, whose team makeup has also undergone some change since last year. Owing to delays and other causes the match was late in starting, and the cold weather told against a large attendance. As no details of the content have reached The Equity, nothing can be said of it beyond the bold statement that the visitors nosed out their opponents by a score of M to 5. “Bob” W ilson acted as referee and Hilton Findlay as judge of play. After the match refreshments wei e served.
Shawvillk—Ottawa -
Lv. Slmwville daily, except Suudiy, T.^s, a.in.
Lv. Ottawa Broad si,, daily ex. Sunday, % p.m
Ottawa Montreal Short Link—
Lv. Ottawa Central daily ex. Sunday 8.4.'», a.m ¦	“	“	“	3.4% p. m.
Broad at. daily ex Monday 5.35, a. in “	“	" 5.55, a. in.
as goods are advancing in price almost every month. It will mean money saved for you to order early.
Heady Made Suits and Cents’ Furnishings.
\v. Ottawa ii.2% am. Av. Shaw ville 7.04, p.m
Lx
Lv
Lx
Ottawa to Winnipeg and Points W»t Lv. Ottawa Broad st. daily 2.05, a.m.
Ottawa to Sault Ste Marie, etc.—
Lv. Ottawa, daily ex. Sunday, 12.25, a.m.
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Ottawa to Toronto, Detroit, Uiicaou, kt< Lv. Ottawa Broad st., daily, 0.45, a m.
Ventral daily, 11.05, p.m. furtnei
Lv
V. A. L. TUCKER,
Agent, Shaw villi
particulars apply t
For
The late Mrs Carlson had resided in Hailey bury for several years and during that time had endeared herself to her neigh Ixirs, toiler fellow church memliers and to a host of friends in every walk of life
wife, a good neighbor, u devoted mother and a generous friend, and her death has mused deep regret in the hearts of the iieople of this community. past twelve months have been full of for the bereaved husband, who in that time had lost a brother-in-law, a child and now his wife. He has, in his grief, the genuine sympathy of all.
The following acted as pall-bearers Messrs. E. W. Donnett, W. R. Sonar ville, J. W. Noble, M. B. Grover, J. Jamieson and J. McVraken. The numerous floral tributes bore silent tribute to the dead, and included wreaths sent by Haileybury Masonic Lodge, Odd fellow*, the Methodist congregation, Ladies’ Aid, artd the boys of the Methodist S. S. Class. Other floral tributes from friends were many.
Most things can lie anybody * gift— your portrait is distinctively,exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. Imison, Artist in Portraiture.
Watch
Picking a Winner
Although it i* well understood that certain characteristics in the appearance of a claii y coxv indicate her probable milking value, yet it is not always easy to pick a winner just by appearance.
The following incident is worth
At a recent far-picnic a prize of ten dollars tiered to the man placing in
Shu was at all times a faithful
Deaths
for
The
Alter an illness extending over eight months, Mr. James Cain passed peacefully away at his home in Campbells Bay, Friday morning, Jan. 25th, aged 37 years and six months.
Deceased contracted a cold liming the early part of summer, which gradually became worse, and despite all that medical aid and the devoted en re of sisters and brothers could do, they could not stay that dreaded disease.
“Jim,” as he was best known, was of a kind, amiable disquisition, and won the esteem of all xvlio kuexv him. He is survived by three sisters : Mrs. H. Flynn and Mrs. P O'Brian of Campbells Bay, and Mi*s Mary at home ; three brothers-Edward and Johnnie of Campbells Bay, and Michael at home. The funeral, which was largely attended, was held Sunday morning at St. Elizabeth's Church, Vinton. Mass was celebrated by Rev. Father Kempton, P. r.
Among those present from a distance xvere :	Mrs. Geo. Weston
and Miss L Stafford of Ottawa.
HiFina of the deceased.
The pall bearers were Messr* M. Ferri gau, Pat Mousseau, B Acres, S. Daley, J. Lawn and L Firm y. Com.
consideration
mers
sorrow
waao
tlieit correct order of production the lirst six cows whose records were from 6,000 up to 14.000 lb. milk.
Fifty men entered the competition, but no one xvas entitled to the prize. As a matter of fact,
only one farmer succeeded in
placing the first three coxvs ; %T did not place the best ; and 30 did not place the poorest.
In other words, the external indications of milk producing ability may be lacking in coxvs, or may be misunderstood by even the experienced farmer. Appen rinces arc of ten decitful. There i- one way, however, and only one eer tain way to judge accurately, namely by keeping simple milk ds. There can be no mistake
Something
Worth
While
Bishop R. C. Horner, Ottawa, of the leaders of the Holiness
one
Movement Church, is critically ill with pneumonia in the Alice Hyde Hospital in Malone, N. Y. Bishop Horner went to Malone to preside at the Holiness Movement Convention, and became seriously ill after his arrival there. He was removed to the hospital. Bishop Horner is sixty-four years of age, and is widely known.
Prise-Winners at ShawviUe
Seed Fair.
lied and White Fife Wheat—Bert W. Hodgins 1, John Stewart 2.
Spring Wheat—Thomas McDowell 1, Robert McDowell 2.
Fall Wheat—Wm. Ad. Hodgin» 1. Oats, Banner—R J. Wilson 1, Thos. McDowell 2, J. 1). Hod gins 3, R McDowell 4.
Oats, other variety—Herb W. Hod-gins 1, Walter Hodgins 2, Jam. Carswell
in
recor
then whatever it the end of the lactation period as to what each oow has done. The Dairy Division, Ottawa, supplies milk record forms free on application.
The price of eggs has l>een climbing up beyond all reason, during the i>a?t month, and the direct cause of this condition is said to be the very large quantity that dealers have managed to secure and hold in storage. The new Food Controller will undertake the task of making the hoarders disgorge, as soon as the machinery fordoing so can be put in operation. A long-suffering consumer will hail speedy action on his part with delight.
Quebec, Feb. 2.—The Quebec Stock yard and abattoirs caught fire this morning at eight thirty and owing to the buildings being away out from the city limits, the alarm was not given till nine lock. The whole dock of buildings was then a mass of roaring flames. A general alarm was rung in at nine live, calling out the entire brigade of Quebec.
There were no cattle in the yards market being held on Mondays. The yards and abattoirs were opened for business only la*»t year, and were valued at $150,000.
this
Space
Soon
BRISTOL NOTES
3
On Wednesday evening the Y. M. B Class met at the home of Mr. T. F. Graham, President. Some im|)ortaiit business was transacted ; arrangements were completed for the Short Course in Agriculture to be held in the Brick S. S. Hall, Feb. 4—8th, from 9.00 a. in. to 4.00 p. ni. daily. The young men of the congregation are invited to attend. A prize for the best work will be offered, a free trip to the Short Course at Macdonald College, the following week. The course at the Brick Church is free, Mr. C. 11. Hodge, B.S.A , is leader.
Owing to the inability of Rev. Nelles to arrange his dates for Feb. 18th, we are postponing the week of special *er*icpM until the week of Feb. 25th. Preceding the coming of Mr. Nelles, prayer meetings w ill be held in the hlder*’ dis-
Pease—R. J. Wilson 1, Thomas McDowell 2, John Stewart 3.
Barley, G-rowxl— R. McDowell 1.
Beans—F W. Thomas 1, Robt. McDowell 2.
Timothy—Thos. McDowell 1, R. .1. Wilson 2, L. A. Smart 3, Herb W. Hod-gins 4.
Red Clover -R. J. Wilson 1, Thomas McDowell 2, Walter Hodgins 3, Herb \V. Hodgins 4
Potatoes, white—R. J. Wilson 1, Jas D. Hodgina 2
Potatoes, red—James Carswell 1.
In three section* there were no ex hi bit*.
The Late Mrs. H A. Carlson
The following reference to the death and funeral of the late Mr*. H. A. Carlson is taken from the Haleyburian of January 24 :
The funeral of the late Mr*. H. A. Carlson, who died at Providence Hospital on Wednesday evening, January 16th, was held on Tuesday, having lieen postponed for several day* to allow of relatives from a distance being present. The service* took place at the Central Methodist Church, Rev. I Phillip* officiating. The church was filled with friend* of the deceased from town and from distant
J
ARCHIE DOVER
o<
John C. Moynan, Judge
points, who came in soi-last tribute to the departed
Attend the Shawville H. M. Concert Feb. 14th.
row to pay a
dead
