###PAGE###1###
O
No. 3, 37th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
JULY 11, 1918
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

THE
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Fires Break Out
BANK
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest -
OF
and thieves break in. Don’t risk the first, or invite the second, by keeping money in the house.
Put it in The Merchants Bank, where it will be safe from loss— always available—and earn interest at highest current rates.

4,750,000
Plymouth Binder Twine Plymouth Hay Fork Rope Berger’s Paris Green
[OTTAWA

94 Branche» In Canada
1
l
7*
HOARD OF DIRECTORS

I /
Hon. George Bryson, President) Russell Blavkburn,
Sit George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Gecrge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthie
John D Fraser Vice President Alexander Maeluren M. J. O'Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Porley E. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager ; H.V.Cànn.
• Chief Inspector
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
3
TH€ MCRCHANT5 DANK
Unquestionably the best goods in
the market,
We solicit your orders and fully guarantee every pound.
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, .... OUYON BRANCH, •	-	. •
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH. .
Established .1864.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A A. REID. Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager C. E. SHAW. Manager,
KjT Business notices on this pm ore 8 cents per line.
Your family, friends and business associates want your portrait, range of folders to choose from.
H. IMISON, Artist in Portraiture.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. Willie ( arson, of Toronto A nice] has been spending nome holidays with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Carson
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
II rr,TTAAT	For Stenoükài*hki<'«. For the past v
Miss Hattie Boyd, of Danville,	bviiUUL ^	The Civil Service Commission has been
lot of Chevrolet cars for which la 1 lo "lM * 'nation.	you may therefore startat any time,
there is a demand and the price Mr* Archie Dover left for Mont- Our rates are $10 per month; do not
?; tiavtiv"""6 *””• «	s':'"
Mrs. Jno. Smith and soil, Gerald, es. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short
during the past week returned to her home in Bussell on Monday.
A,V the men of Shaw ville giving E. G. Amy. who is now oi,g„ge«l lie R. C. women workers mclnf ln the ,my «Rice of the 2nd Deïxit
Str
tlie noble work in which they arc	m	^
engaged, and to which they are	Mhs Alva Turner, of the Depart GEO. XV, PINOLE, I 1ANO Fi ner
devoting all the time that their	r inance, Ottaua, is sgiend-	Is in town this week
fisæs	s?»™ - »
to put to himself individually, was the week-end guest of the graphs for sale at right Drives. It Machinists are trained by practical Never mind what the other chap Misses Lillie and Ella Steele, in will nav vou to investigate	machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists
»*«***»*%........................................... ; -E td
women who are doing all the work friends in Toronto, where her htia-	Commissioners Elected. ones trained by expert, experienced oflke
in this connection? If you are, band, Cadet \V. G. Fades, is in Clarendon—Trueman/V. Draper worke,s for expert office work, bow comes it, that the women training with the Royal Air Force, and Thomas Wallace, re-elected. Fo\ ^"ographen Secretary or Ac-complain that their best efforts Mr. jas Armstrong received Shaw<ille-H. I.nikbn, replacing	the best courses av,ill-
aie serions I y handicapped by a word a fmv days ago that his son G. A. Howard, retired.	List year our increase was 45%. This
scarcity of funds to purchase the Frank, who joined the Koval Air	— —    year to date is even better. Still Émploy-
:ssrx“rihé '“tet	m	- K-b" -
greatly need and for which the « " '	u Ù ,	"-eet at the home of Mrs. John	____
demand is ever increasing in pro- ‘ 1	, ,l(a <! Bojlgins aciom-	Wednesday, July 17th
portion to the increased number	husband last w eek on a 7 o’clock, p. m
ville It. C. workers have taken it ri*<,	, ,,
community with n certain number Messrs. Moss, fronts, Grant, Ser- Gillie^ Bios., Limited of Bnie-of socks and other soldiers* com- eney and Clarke.	>idc, have work tor n few able
forts which everyone knows they Mr. Thos. Shore, of the Shaw-	t'u',r null ni luml)i i
are in need of. This being the ville Marble Works, left oil Satur-	K?r”e Good wages.	Î	teady work,
case, it is surely up to the men to day night to visit	the quarries in	* hone or w rite	William	Douglas,
cough up the shekels to purchase New Brunswick,	where he pro-	zmpeniitmmcnt.
the material required, w hich under cures much of the	granite he uses
existing conditions is extensive| in his growing business, and not Always easily procured.
Now, Mr. Man, if you haven't done
A BIG DRIVE
car
J. H. SHAW.
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
COWLING
I
OTTAWA, ONT
of Bryson, visited friends here on
Sunday.
W. A. HODGINS
AN APPEAL
Make a specialty nf preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open nil summer.
W E.Cowling, H.G. W. Braithwait. President
Red Cross Workers Deserve * And Need Your Help.
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Rank and SparksSts
Principal
SHAWVILLE
PIANO TUNING
EXPERIENCE
vs

EXPERIMENT.
Preserving Season
You can now secure ample Sugars for your requirements. Half a car in stock.
N. I. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Ht
Willis College
1W.J Sparks Street, entrance between
Mr. (>. A. Howard and family K moved to their cottage at Green A position forever^WUIs Graduates
Lake, on Saturday, where they --------------------
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
(CROWN BRAND)
Announcement.—Miss M. A. Hod gins desires to announce that she has Mrs. H. II. Elliott, and sister, taken the rooms over W. E. Maitland’s
wm mm b
embrace it, when the ladies make j —¦	--— -	- -- pending. Now that something is Most things can be anylsxiys gift—
a general appeal for funds in the ,	, .	^	being done to enforce the by-law, your j»ortrait is distinctively, exclusively
course of a few days. If they do zmes, writing materials, and a hundred it is hoped that no exceptions will yours. Make an appointment to-day not get the assistance required, and one other ways of making our be made, but that all will be treat- '	—	i
their only alternative will be to maimed and heroic brothers and sons ed alike.
ÎS,“.fcS Erbl° “ “* “°* re”"ry “f Mr- B.rr. r.n^nff.1.. of th.
.tinned. We do not believe the Neut8al Commues î	building» at Pembroke and Doug-	orho™ residence. Lot 13
men of Shawville desire to place Three 10-pound parcels of food and M»8) here hist week looking 5th Hange. Clarendon, them in this humiliating ; position,	clothing are sent	every two weeks,	Vvvr *'"? slt<?	t“.e proposed hmld-
Perhaps many have not given	through the British	Red Cross offices in	,r?K’ a* , setl,|K	xx hat ((Mimhv rill*- FOR SALE—One piano, one coal heater
much thought to and therefore London, to about 3,000 prisoners. Just !"**'** local y in the line ot build- also a quantity of stove pipes, one side
IE ssr gSHSi % r**
terse and instructive form	% Kylhe oIr^iJZ wretch- New Jewe. ry Stork. On,
------ | ¦	'readers will find in this issue the
advertisement of Mr. Bert Wain-
„	, T1. -. , ~	S ., , man, who has opened a jewelry
dian and Bhtish Governments provide Ltore and repair deiiaitment in
Answer—Collects the wounded and	the clothing and	wages and comforts	the premises	optxnite the Mer-
dying from the battle fields and	the soldiers while xthey are well ;	chants Bank.	Bert is an old
trenches ; carries them to the first aid hyt according to the Geneva Convpn- Shawville boy, having been born dressing station*. Red Cross motor lion, the wounded, the dying, the sick and resident here up till fourteen care transports these poor fellows to the An<1 the prisoners are the specific years ago, when the family resecondary and base hospitals and, later chabues of the Red Cross Society. moved to Renfrew, and then to on, to the general and convalescent hos- Who provides the millions of money i Gttmva. ^o* smne. time he has pita!».	•	I required for this immense Red Crow ^en cm,dm ting a jewelry store,
euiU, amputation sock, and the doren ville and the various H. M. Club, and vj,|e Hepnir work of all kind, and one other garment, required for group. are trying to help.	will lie given special attention and
desperately wounded and sick men.	What are the men doing 1	satisfaction assured. A call ap-
The R. L. provides motor drives, re	W. A. Hodoins,	predated from all old friends and
dining chains sun baths, music, maga- 1	Treas. R. C. Soc. j acquaintances.	I
$1.20 per doz.
Pints Quarts Half Gals.
1.35
<1
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stamcy St.
1.60
<<
Perfect Seal
Pints Quarts . Half Gals
1.35
<<
H. Imison, Artist in Portraiture
1.50
a
1.90
<<
BINDER TWINE


¦HOUSE TO LET-The dwelling house lately occupied by J. B. Judd, situated In the east end of Main St., Shawville. with good kitchen, stable, hen house and garden, for a terra of 12 months. Apply to K. T. Hudgins, Shawville.
We have our .supply of PLYMOUTH TWINE
GOLD MEDAL SILVER SHEAF PLYMOUTH SPECIAL


Red Cross Work
•d
FOR SALE—I<arge Jersey bull for sale
Apply to Bell Tele, Quebec
Note this particularly : The Cana
—peifect beauty, phone, Office. Bryson
1.—What Does the Red Cross Do ?
FARM FOR SALK-East half of lot 28. 3rd range. Clarendon. For further par ticular* apply to Mrs. M,-Gagnon, Fortage du Fort. *Que.

FOR SALE—Four second hand Buggies. In good order. Also two sets of good Single Harness. R. J. Hamilton, Shawville
W. A. HODGINS
WANTED—A girl to do housework for family ol three on farm about in Id-way between Campbells Bay and Fort Goo-longs. Apply W. B. Stephens, R Bay, Que.
8 3551
Canadian Food Board License Number
wages desired to Nn. 1. Campbells
it In
g
###PAGE###2###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
/
s?»
nd
By Andrew F. Currier. M D.
Dr. Currier will answer all ilgned letter# prêtai nlng to Health question la of general Interest It will be answered through these column*;
If not, It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope 1* enclosed. Dr Currier will not prescribe for Individual cases or make diagnosis.
Address Dr. Andrew K. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co., 73 Adelaide St. West, Toronto.
Infant Feeding No. 2.	! water, lessening the number of fecd-
A baby should be fed every three in*s or even stopping them altogether
- tt!2sKmsm
iz 'ïz.rz.	Ætr, suv 3;.
igniS	.%	ill ! ebh!h?P
wfll determine the presence of the iron the distance that the branches spread P	have tried to make them plain and
•alt in the copper. It is as follows: out The feeding parts of the root «' *	. watjlp	.nm# free from the complications and ma-
iSSHS|0^3HS msîÊÉ "
make the teat for the presence of iron the tree. Commercial growers are of the "^rL.nfw.ter “
¦e*
¦¦¦it
ease, which causes rot of both potato field, put it on the plowed ground be and tomato, is by spraying with fore the last two diskings and har-Bordeaux mixture. Bordeaux mixture rowings. By disking and harrowing 1* made up of 4 lbs. of copper sul- the field, this manure will be thor-
phate, 4 lbs. of lime and 40 gallons of oughly worked into the soil.	Be sure	t . 1^, . M ^ I
water. If you have a small garden you get good quality winter wheat	The use of cover crops cannot by and peas, when used as cover crop»,
patch, make* up the mixture in this seed of a variety that is successfully any stretch of the imagination be supply nitrogen to the orchard soils.
aucl^%^.%2% Dis!| Chaff" Impe^^Am^^arl^B^d1	“orchaTdists'almolt £2 valLirih^ey^d h%f?o ^ cover"cr^ but Its Uck of hardiness,
eolve the copper sulphate—a pound to Clawson, and Abundance,-are all good time immemorial, have used them to soil. This humus tends to maintain especially during severe open winters,
¦«memes
¦¦¦¦¦
it is possible to derive great benefits five pounds should be used per acre. "The comparatively high price of for coloring the yolk and keeping hens
ages of leguminous cover crops lie in desirable leguminous cover crops, well prepared, and to obtain the maxi- and third crops of leaves.
the fact that they serve just this pur- These crops require a very well mum benefit from the amount of seed	A grain ration for June and July
and furnish an element which, If prepared seed bed and If the used, it will often be desirable to drill	=•" be made	up of two parts of
weather conditions are fsvor- the seed, rather than to broadcast it. shrunken wheat (unmillable) and one able in late summer and fall, a good Under the present abnormal condi- P*rt of cracked corn (by weight), and growth wiH be secured. Crimson tiens fruit growers in Ontario cannot one part of bohked oats (by weight).
afford to neglect this practice of ob- “A mash ration can be made up <>r tabling the many benefits to be deriv- one part by weight of wheat bran, one ed from cover crops.”	part by weight of corn meal, one part
by weight of gloten meal, one and one-ftfthe part by weight of meat scrap and one part by weight of ground oats.
mm
/
SB
If your

¦CT
\

y
«Siàn*
I
1
I,
I
By Agronomist.
This Department le for the uee of our farm readers who want the advice of an expert on any question regarding soli, seed, crops, etc. If your que» on Is of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column. IT stamped and addreaeed envelope le enclosed with your letter, •complete
Address Agronomist, cere of Wilson Publishing





i
answer will be mailed to you Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St. W., Toronto
I
MM
P
lilll
m


%
\y
«
\


V
* •
I

y
y
J
Wear the Sturdy
FLEET FOOT SHOES
and enjoy the easy comfort which these economical shoes give.
f
t
EE?
on
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
L. I. B.—l. What Is the cause of obstruction of the bowels? Is It due to external Injury, and if so what are Its symptoms ?
2.—Does this occur usually in the aged or may it happen at any period of life ? 8.—Can it be caused by
rupture,
Answer—1
great many formation of adhesions in the abdo. drawing the loops in the intern-
is for work as well as for play. Staunch, sturdy styles like the “WORKMAN” and “EVERY-DAY”
stand right up to any farm work — yet are light and easy, and enable to tramp the fields all day
you
without the feet getting over tired.
—It may be caused in a different ways, by the
The leading Shoe Stores have FLEET FOOT styles, shapes and sizes for every member of your family—for work or play.
one
by
None genuine without the name FLEET FOOT stamped on the sole. Look for
the name.
a
The best Shoe Stores sell
FLEET FOOT /
HOME GROWN FERTILIZERS FOR ORCHARDS
t,
mes
Ç&fâPôfrrlâ
Temperature of the whole milk has a direct effect on the percentage of fat in the cream and the skimmed milk. The temperature of milk being separated should be such that the milk will flow easily, facilitating rapid and thorough separation of the cream and the skimmed milk plan to separate the milk as soon as possible after it comes from the cow. In that case, the temperature is high enough that a thorough separation is effected
cool after being drawn, the temperature needs to be raised to about 85 degrees to 90 degrees to secure the best results when separated.
Many dairymen think that there is an advantage in having the whole
cream
It is a wise
pi
If the milk is allowed to
In the spring of 1916 I began to keep record of the work done by my horses, gays a successful farmer. The record consists of a set of cards 6x8 inches, which are divided into thirty-one spaces, one space for each day In the month. I use one card a month for each horse. On the left half of each card I enter the cost of feeding, shoeing, medical attention and other expenses, while on the right half I enter the number of hours of work done by that horse, and also credit the value of the manure it produces, the colt, etc.
The figures for last year were quite a surprise to me. Before starting my record I estimated that $6.50 per month would be a fair average cost of keeping my horses, but imagine my surprise when I discovered that each horse was costing me $7.12 per month or $86.44 a year.
After adding up the number of hours, I found that my horse labor had cost me $1.86 a day
One reason for this large cost was that the work had been unevenly distributed among the horees, and some were Idle when they could have been working. I also found that the pasture had not been used as much as ft might have been. These errors I intend to remedy during the present year. By distributing the work more evenly I can dispense with the extra horses.
pose,
the purchaser had to buy in the form of commercial fretflizer, would be very expensive
SMOKE TUCKETTS
Clovers, vetches, beans

rUNNY rOUD-U
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED .LINES
Excellent vegetable broths can be made without any meat at all.
Cabbage Plants
The Southern Canada Power Co., Limited
Of all leading early and late
mail pre-axpr
varieties. «So. per hundi ml paid. 12 60 per thousand.
cul le' L
Also Cauliflower. Brussels Sprouts and Onion Plants
Plants are being shipped successfully to all parts of Canada Ask for price list
Controls Water Powers on the St Francis River capable of over 100,000 H P. dev ership controls several [	___
Tlie Company supplies power and light to over 46 municipalities In the Province of Quebec, principally In the Eastern Townships.
Work has been commenced end is progressing rapidly, on the development of one of the Company's large powers on the SL Francis located at DnunxAond ville.	r v
This plant Is being developed to supply the increased demand for power in the territory served by the Company and enable more manufacturers to locate in this district.
The development of water power now to a patriotic duty, as well as a commercial advantage.
We recommend the •% BONDS of the SOUTHERN CANADA POWER COMPANY, LIMITED, which we are offering with a bo restore an opportunity of participating In the future moot the Company.	•
Send for circular and map showing territory
slop ment, and through stock own Light & Power Companies
1
fttt

t
WOOL
Farmers who ship their wool direct to ns get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK ANY FARMER!
who has sold hie wool both ways, and note whet he says— or. better still, write ne for our prices ; they will show yon how much yon lose by selling to the General Store
I
of common stock, thus giving In-

<*1
M
. . ne nig neat prices or any l
in theroiiut:v k,idare the largest wool
dealers In Ceseda. Payment is milted the as me day wool Is r«
SSESS
OM KO
Nesbitt, Thomson A Company
Investment Bankers
Mercantile Trust Bldg.
222 8L James Street
Remember life's paradox you are nearer heaven because living is rher.
It is time tor the cow which does pay, go to the block, but It is eefhdhy to buuW profitable
producers# .

«nib.
no
Limited
Hamilton
Montreal
than
-,
T6*ttÉMSft ;
Bet when they bloMi»#d. Urn
la that;
! not
poor
###PAGE###3###
1
PEERLESS STARTER
It was immediately taken away from him, and he Was given a pad of ordinary newapaper with a paper bandage.
Punlahment Camp#
imsssw
ëSPfïïufl
ttO Domlaloa B#mk Bldg., Toroj
fOR GERMAN READING
'» MAKC PFPHÇJ
bfHAO
I
For the Summer Wardrobe
1 4
British Drop Pictures and Information Over the German Trenches.
A curious part of the war appears in the dropping by balloon or aero- \ plane by the Germans and the Allies of matter tending to weaken the morale of their enemy. A Toronto man recently received some samples of pictures and matter that the British had dropped over the German lines. The pictures show the effect of the British Are on German trenches when they were taken after British advance and showed the dead Germane In the tom-up dugouts. With the pictures was an article descriptive of the view the German Crown Prince took of the war I as a sport, and the German soldier was merely a necessary part to his sport.
A Guaranteed Starting System fer Ford Cars. Sells for $22.60.
AGENTS WANTED
THE MORGAN SALES CO.
416 Tonga Street, Toronto
HSra
bHe Fatty—It repairs
arentsed
sm
There are certain of these camps i which are known as punishment camps. Here are sent not only prisoners of war, but German soldiers undergoing punishment, and presumably German civilian criminals. The German soldiers are in charge of the prisoners, and the more work they get out of them the sooner they expiate their own sentences and are permitted to resume their rank in the army. The brutalities they inflict upon their helpless charges in these circumstances can well be imagined. | The Hameln Kommando is one of these, and is in charge of the notorious Gen. von Hanisch. Here it is said that in June, 1917, a British soldier was stripped to the waist and held by two sentries before an open furnace _a ,	.. . .... .	.____until his body and face were covered
£ â JE*1. ee“s,aetl0D *• k"°T with blister*. It eppears from what that the British Government, an , the »pjmeg correspondent writes, that
we presume, all the Entente Power. e„ the „ unJer the jurisdiction of
aa well, Is keeping a careful record of Gen von H.ni.ch, who commands the cases of inhumanity and brutality of Tenth Army Corpg famed for ,tg bru. which its national, in German prison u„t are g|mp|y flel(lg and peng of
camps are the victims. There will be torture for the allied prisoners who an accounting some day, and we can
only hope that those made to suffer
for the outrages will be the ruffians
who inflicted them and not German
autocracy or some other abstraction
without a body to be flogged or a
soul to be damned.
Some of these prison camp horrors are published in the London Times, the particulars having been collected by a special correspondent in Amsterdam. He relates at least one case of cold-blooded, deliberate murder which occurred on February 27 at Kommando No. 168, Witten 2, which is based on Minden. The murdered soldier was Private J. Desborough, of the Second Battalion of the Suffolk Regiment. This kommando Is considered perhaps the worst In Germany, and sends a continual stream of its prisoners into hospital at Minden.
Murdered In CoM Bleed.
On the date mentioned Desborough took the part of a French prisoner of war who was being bullied by a German civilian. The German sentry ordered him to go away. He obeyed the order immediately, and as he walked away the sentry shot him in the back, death being instantaneous
h
•x cssst
HUNS PUT BOMBS IN BODIES.
r
GERMAN CRUELTY
TO PRISONERS

ROYALS YEAST ri CAKES "
To Kill the Allies While Burying
Their Dead
The following letttr was written by a member of the United States Tank Forces in France:
“I have been working from a quarter past six a m. to eleven pm, and have had little opportunity to write. Well, I've been through it—a little over two weeks of it at the hottest part of the line, where the Hun is putting on his big show. I was on detached service with the French—as a combatant, not as an observer. Tanks, of course.
“It's like nothing one can describe. Some one said that the most difficult thing he could think of would be to describe an orange to an Eskimo. I can no more describe the front to you. For four nights in one week I did not go to bed. For one week 1 did not have my clothes off, and at no time could I remove anything but my coat, since the Hun was always shelling us with high explosive or gas—and one has to be ready to move instanter. During my stay I was never out of shell fire and often being shot at with machine guns and rifles. I lived ten years during that fortnight, but beyond my control, so there was no use worrying.
“I ran the gamut of all sensations from fear to hatred, and the latter was what I carried away. Any nation that Alls the bodies of the dead with bombs in order to kill the chaps that come out to bury them, has no consideration for me, and that is what the Huns do, among other things.
“I got a rap on my steel hat with a bit of shrapnel, but it was a high burst and did not penetrate.
“Summed up, this show over here is 'kill or be killed.’ If a few pacifists could get under fire, live like a hunted rat for weeks, wear gas masks for fourteen hours and have all sorts of fiendish cruelties practised on them they'd stop palàvering for peace with a crowd of murderers that understand nothing else. But the Hun is courageous, just the same. I don’t see how he stands it. He probably thinks the same about us.
“Now I am back for a long tim and I am not saying it to keep you from worrying—it happens to be true. I lost all my equipment at the front and came back with what I had on—and was lucky to keep that. This is a very expensive war."

CAREFUL RECORD BEING KEPT BY GOVERNMENT.
wire
MAUL IN CANADA
i mm i f » sfwrswii cy * i si r»
Cases of Grose Inhumanity and Incredible Brutality Being Noted For Day of Reckoning.
TMnk It Over.
Economy in food means:
1.	Support end encouragement for the men at the front.
2.	More food for our Allies.	i
Extravagance in food means:
1.	Prolonging the war.	.
2.	Increasing suffering.	|
LEMONS WHITEN AND
BEAUTIFY THE SKIN
Make this beauty lotion cheaply for your face, neck, arms and hands.
At the cost of a small Jar of ordinary
cold cream om can prepare a full * y'inard'e Llnment Cores Distemper quarter pint of the most wonderful lemon akin softener and complexion beautlfler, by aqueeilng the Juice of VVEBKLY newspaper for sals
two fresh lemon. Into • bottle con jrVjnJ" win SMS.m°V2rtC«55JS talnlng three ounces of orchard white, thet amount. Apply J. H.. c/o wiieoe
Care should be taken to strain the g^n,h>""-	______
Juice through a fine cloth so no lemon tV	EQUIPPED nbwbpaI'ER
pulp gets In, then tills lotion whl keep Ontario. Insurance carried 11.600. Will freah for months. Every woman I,® ,f°r	°n ^ulek eale. Bex 6».
know, that lemon juice 1. used to *,Uon fub,,eh,n« Co- Ltd Toronto, bleach and remove such blemishes as freckles, sallowness and tan and Is the Ideal skin softener, whltener and beautlfler.
Just try It! Ost three ounces of orchard white at any drug store and two lemons from the grocer and make up a quarter pint of this sweetly fragrant e lemon lotion and massage it dally 'into the face, neck, arms and hands. It Is marvelous to smooth en rough, red hands.
are committed to them.
Parcels Withheld
es
There is now no powerful neutral left to see (air play between the prisoners and their captors. Dutch, Swiss, and Spanish inspectors of prison camps undoubtedly try to do their duty, but they have no authority to enforce their demands, and if they became too urgent in their demands for reform they would simply be escorted out of the country, and the lot of the prisoner would be worse than ! ever.
ANGER. TUMORS, LUMPS. ETC. Internal and external cured without pain by our home treatment Write ue before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical Co., Limited. Colllnrwood Ont
C
Tunics are very popular and this one of figured material, the same as the waist section, is exceptionally smart
Misses* Dress years
McCall Pattern No. 8046, In 3 sizes, 16 to 20
One form of cruelty which the men find particularly hard to endure is mentioned by the correspondent. He writes that at the end of April, 1918, there had accumulated at Friedrich-feld about 76,000 parcels, the majority being for British prisoners working behind the German lines. Repeated applications had been made for names of the kommando# in which these men worked, but they could not be ascertained. Many parcels arrived in October, 1917, for unknown men, and not until March, 1918, did a list finally arrive from Berlin which contained 350 names; 36 of the men were stated A fort- to have died. About 10,000 parcels night later he was officially reported have accumulated, for one kommando,
known as No. 403, and believed to be About §0 British prisoners work in situated near Antwerp. All the bread this kommando, and it is said that jn the parcels had naturally gone bad. civilian workmen often try to make the prisoners do their work for them, striking them with iron bars when they refuse. The more cultured civilian foremen do not use iron bars, but have provided themselves with rubber piping filled with lead, with which they caress the heads and arms of the British prisoners. These weapons do not leave cut# and gashes as do iron bars, they are lighter, more convenient to carry, and in every respect more suitable to the foremen’s station
Price, 20 cents.
WANTED
100 GIRLS

t
Watch For Egg Ouatera.
The same bug that ravages the potato plant often finds its way to the tomato plant and works havoc there. Last year this pest was particularly active and it is quite time to be on the look out for it now. Most people think that if the bugs are taken off, all is well. This is a mistake. Much more dangerous than the well-grown potato bugs are the orange colored egg masses which cling to the leave# on the under side. Hundreds of small bugs are hatched from these clusters. Life should be promptly crushed out of the egg masses whenever they are discovered.
to work in knitting mills. All kinds oi operations on Underwear and Hosiery. Good wages paid while learning. Write or 'phone
Limited
PARIS, ONTARIO
to have died in a hospital
7,000,000 TONS EACH MONTH
SMOKE TUCKETTS
T&B CUT
This Amount of Shipping Enters or Leaves the British Ports.
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Colds. Bio.
The necessity of keeping an eye	~ JJ
upon the importance of sea power in	l__\	y*.	¦	¦	---- ¦¦¦¦	---- When silage costs $8 per ton to
the present conflict, despite the close	e MoCAn /f TP	raise and store and other feeds are
attention claimed by the land battles,	fl Jf}	valued at present wholesale market
is emphasized by Archibald Hurd, the	+Æ	Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.	price# 100 pounds total digestible nu-
naval expert,, writing in the London	^7	Gents,—I cured a valuable hunting ! trient# in corn silage has a net cost of
Dally Telegraph.	,	dog of mange with MINARD’S LINI- 64 cents, in bran $2.81, com $4.02,
“We have been apt, during the re-	simp.o dress has the unique MEhfT after several veterinaries had oats $4.29.
cent offensives on the Western front/’ feature having no fastenings and tr@*ted him without doing him any	-----
Sss a sssssii	I
sizes, 84 to 44 bust. Price, 20 cent# each.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St.,
Toronto, Dept W.
IBS'
PAIN
;
in life.
No Medical Attention
or
permanent good
MONEY ORDERS.
Pay your out-of-town-accounts by Dominion Express Money Orders. Five Dollars costs three cents.
Another horrible German prison camp is at Langensalza. To this camp last April were brought some 4,000 wounded British officers and men. They were put on the bare floor without anything to cover them. For the first three days they still wore their first field dressings, and naturally there were many cases of septic poisoning. The wounded received no hospital diet, and on the third day were put into a wire-fenced compound at one end of the camp. Nobody was allowed to visit them except
Pkinii HirstV wIU .stop it! Deed for 40 yeses to relieve rheumatism, lumbago, neuralgia, sprains, lame back, . toothache, and ether painful complaints. Have a bottle in the house. All dealers, or write us. aiarr umidy company. lUniim cm.
HIRST'S Pemll, Lire. (30c> QKtf HIRST'S Pectoral 3,rap of OVW Horchoun4 shi Elecampane, fJSc) BOTTLE
Drummondville, Aug. 8, ’04
during which our strength in ships steadily declined, the downward tendency has now been definitely arrested. Not only is our sea power increasing, but our grip on the enemy is firmer than at any previous period of the war.
“Seven million tons of shipping enter or leave our ports monthly. Each ¦hip is the target for enemy submarines, yet there have been days in the one British soldier who was expect- present week when the enemy has not ed to attend to the 4,000 cases need- secured s single ship.
Ing urgent surgical care. The x fish “Twelve months ago we were with given to the prisoners was putrid, difficulty maintaining one stream of and though the men were ravenous, ! traffic, namely, that which brought they could not eat it For three con- j us food amj raw material. To-day secutive days they had no bread
In gathering early cabbage from the garden cut off the heads instead of pulling up the roots g[ will grow on the stump and these can be boiled for table use and they can also be used for green feed for hens.
New leaves
Employers’ Responsibility.
In view of the lack of farm labor, managers of factories and industries of all kinds should plan to release all men and women they possibly can who are willing to help with the harvest. The agricultural Industry is of prime Importance to the world to-day.
In England seed potatoes are sold 11 by the pound, not by measure.
An American potato-grower says that, according to his observations, blight on potatoes appears only in moist, moderate weather, 65 to 77 degrees being the most favorable temperature. At temperatures lower than 50 degrees and higher than 78 degrees it does not seem to develop.
BEST MEDICINE FOR WOMEN
YES I MAGICALLY l CORNS LIFT OUT WITH FINGERS
;;
Nearly Fire Millions Have Starred.
supplies are	flowing through this	It	has been estimated up to a reAbout the same time,	200 wounded	main artery in greater volume than You say to the drug	store	man,	cent	period that 4,790,000 people in
British arrived at Gardelegen. Most	a year ago.	At the same time an-	“Give me a	small bottle of freesone.’	Europe have been	starved	to death
of them had broken limbs. Not one	other stream	of traffic has started,	This will cost very little but will posi-	3fnce the beginning	of the war.	Un-
of them had been set.	Special medl-1 and merchant	shipping has been made	lively remove every hard	or	soft	corn	leM	the 1918 harvest is saved starva-
cinal chests sent out to	the prisoners	available for	the greatest transport	or callus from one’s feet.	tlon	will become general throughout
by Mrs. Bromley Davenport were con- movement which has ever been carried A drops of this new ether com- Europe and the suffering among the fiscated by the German Government 0ut	pound applied directly upon a tender, civjlian populations of our Allies un-
One wounded man got hold of one of	Tor three	months past American	aching com	relieves the soreness in-	precedented in the	history	of	the
the bandages for a head wound, but	troops have	been coming across the	stantly, and	soon the entire corn or	world
Atlantic by tens of thousands, far 1 callus, root and all, dries up and can
faster than at one time was thought he lifted off with the fingers.
This new way to rid one's feet of wag introduced by a Cincinnati
o
What Lydia E. Pinkham'e Vegetable Compound Did For Ohio Woman.
Portsmouth, Ohio.—"I suffered fro; irregularities, pains in my side andwi
weak at times could hardly g e around to do m work, and as l hj four in my faml and three bemrde it made it very ha
ble Compound
as recommended I me. I took it and it has restored my h.'clth. It M rtamly the besf ailments I ever 1 aw, B. No. 1,
“When a strong brain is weighed against a true heart, it eeems to me like balancing a bubble against a wedge of pure gold."—O. W. Holmes.
possible. That means that the balance between the allies and the central powers is being adjusted in favor of the former."
After a Cup of
corns mm, . jp———
man, who says that frtezone dries in a moment, and simply shrivels up the callus without irritating the
POSIUM
corn or ip—
surrounding skin.
Don't let father die of infection or lockjaw from whittling at his corns, but clip this out and make him try it. If your druggist hasn't any freezone A British soldier, at present a pris- uU hlm order a email bottle from oner of war in Germany, has cleverly Mf wholesale drug house for you. defeated th^ censor by sending home to his parents a letter containing the Information that the people in Germany are In dire straits with regard to food. The young soldier wrote his letter in blank verse, a fact, which at ' first caused surprise to the parents, and it was some time before his reason for doing so became apparent.
A sharp young cousin observed that by reading in a downward direction the initial letters to the lines the soldier had succeeded In conveying the reassuring information that “Germany is starving.”
The communication, which in itself is interesting reading, is as foUows:
“God bless you, my mother,
Every day I am thinking of you.
Recollections of home sustain me, #
Memories being so sweet Always my thoughts are of you—
Nothing else would console me. I
A MESSAGE IN VERSE
KEEPYOW SHOES NOT
to
British Prisoner Conveys the Information That Huns are Starving
i
there’s no uncomfortable reaction, but rather a refreshing feeling of health and satisfaction.
5f
For Hair and Skin Health Cuticnra is Supreme
medicine for woman s
IN
Rs-Jtfc&r
Mrs. Shaw proved the merit of thiq medicine and wrote this letter in order I that other suffering women may find relief as she did	|
Women who are suffering as she was should not qrug along from day to day
! : ;-i ( ormKmnd, a trial. For specie; advice in regard to such ailments writ a :
If you use Cuticnra Soap for everyday toilet purposes, with touches of Cut?cura Ointment now and then as needed to soothe and heal the first pimples, redness, roughness or scalp irritation you will have as dear a complexion and as good hair as It Is possible to have.
Forty British Prisoners Murdered
l
It’s gratifying, these days, to know that Poa-
shoe Polishes
The slow murder of British prisoners sent by the Germans to work under fire on the Russian front is related by a member of the Royal Naval Division who reached England on June II AbIACH,WHITE .TAN. OAR* BROWN 6, after escaping from Germany. It |g	O* OK-BLOOD SHOES
had been decided, he says, that thirty-six should die in consequence of an allegation that thirty-six German prisoners had been murdered by their British sentries. They were taken from working parties at the end of the day, made to mount on a block and then tied to a pole. The block afterwards was kicked away, leaving the men suspended with their feet a little off the ground In this position they were kept for two end a half hours each night for fourteen nights In intense cold. Forty men died under the treatment.
¦^a
turn seven sugar
LIQUIDS W WASTES
fuel.
1
edicine Co., Lyn n, ! lu forty year$
M
Convenient Economical Delightful
Instant Postum
PRESERVED. LEATHER

It of
, experience is st your service.
1

¦ SMOKE - TUCKETTS


Try

A

“There’s a Reason

Rub ink spots on linen with half a ripe tomato, and when washed they will disappear entirely.

ISSUE Net 27—'18
###PAGE###4###
attack or molestation, as the Admiralty report of the outrage expressed it.
Survivors say that the conduct of the submarine crew was brutal in the extreme ami they aver that some of the boats were shelled after they got away from the sinking ship and were likely sunk. The pirates had eudently planned "ii making ¦ > clean sweep <>i the ship and all on Intard
This it hied outrage spvakable atnx'itivs which lie at (1er-many's tloor has amused a feeling of vengeance which will not l*e allayed till she has been shorn of the power to do further evil.
B:
THE EQUITY.
SHAWV1LLE, JULY 11. 1918.
0
\
I
I
r
rIVE YEAR
NEW ISSUE
I

I
6#
$6,100,000.

Scientifically
pi JSBT
Count von Mirlmch, the ( human am buxNulov to the Bolshevik Government
CITY OF MONTREAL

it Musvow, is reported to have been as
ited by t wo men who gained eu
Saturday
avor.
6rr FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
t<> tln> list of tm
t
SÎISM U«

to the embassy
DUE MAY 1st 1923
DATED MAY 1st 1918
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100. $500. and $1000.
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November.
Principal and interest payable in Gold in Montreal or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New-York, U S. A.
on
t ranvt
The event, it is thought, may have far
reaching results
Eh* win
The Hall liner City of Vienna, with 1450 Canadian troops on hoard went the roeks in a thick fog near a Canadian seaport on Sunday morning. A high wind raged and the sea was rough, rendering rescue work difficult, but all board are refuted to have been
$25,000 IN PRIZES

FOR LIVE STOCK
on
Central Canada Exhibition List Has Been IVhushed.
The legality of the Bonds has been approved bf by Messrs. Fleet, Falconer, ét Bovty. advocate*, Montreal and permission to	ob-
The 1918 prise lie! of the Central tained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance. Ottawa Canada Exhibition is just issued and is a very attractive booklet. It contains 80 pages. The cover is nicely designed and the whole volume is well printed, it contains photographs of the directors of the association.
The booklet gives all necessary information regarding the exhibition, such as admission fees, entry fees, spare allotments, maimer of payment of prizes, railway, telegraph, and i»o>t otlive eon vet lienees rules for making entries, etc.
The patron of the exhibition is His
Excellency the Duke of Devonshire, and the honorary presidents are Sir llohert Borden, Sir Wilfrid laurier, William Hutchison, Sir William Hurst, T. Cameron Bate, Sir Corner Gouin, and Hon,
T. C. Crcrar.
The prize list is a larger one this year than any previous year. For live stock t?2.‘>,(XX) is posted. Prizes are offered for all kinds of animals and fowl. Attractive awards are also posted for all
other farm products. Special prizes are j sideroad lie tween lots 12 and 13, rge. 8.
Motion—Graham and Horner—That the Secretary notify the path master to
„ Is the worldà best chew.
It is the most economical chew.'
»
on
saved
PRICE PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
'1
That old reprobate Mohammed \, Sultan of Turkey, is reported to have shuffled off this mortal coil on July 4th. With his hands crimsoned with the blood of countless Armenian victims, his prospects of negotiating terms ensuring a peaceful hereafter m the mystic world beyond look gloomy enough.
Subscriptions are Invited by and further particulars may be
obtained at the offices of:
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS,-
RENE-T. LECLERC
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
INVESTMENT BBOKKtt
160 St. James Street, - Montreal
Montreal
90 Si Jam** Street
Quebec
IBS St. John Street
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
Telephone»! Ma.n 1260 and 1261 (ESTABLISHED 1901)
British, Australian, French and A me troops during the past week have punched serious holes in the enemy line at different points along the front, hag ging also in the process several thousand
During the same period the
BANQUE D'HOCHELAGA
ncan
EXHIBITION
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING STNDICATE.
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
prisoners
Italian armies followed up their recent victory over the Austrians by scoring additional successes and re-capturing
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheum atic and Kidney Cure La no kly Used With Very Great
Success.
V. Cooney appeared re. condition of
provided for the best products of vacant lots cultivated by Ws and girls
The prize list, of which the directors repair this road, of the Exhibition are proud, may be <>l>- Motion— McLellan and Horner—'I hat |	dication to J. K. Pais-1 W. Beattie inspect and locate a water
course on the side road between lots 12 and 1.3, range 7, and re|H>rt to the path-master.
Motion—Killoran and Graham—That this Council do now adjourn.
G. T. Drummond,
ground held by the enemy since Decent ber last.
Increased Prizes for Live Stocky Farm and ^Var^Cwden
Products—Military Features	, , ,
War Trophies —Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial
Government Exhibits—Auto Show—Dog Show—Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time" Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
tamed ujM.n ami lev, manager of the Exhibition
Mr. J. H. Grisdale, Director of Gov
eminent Experimental Farms for some
past, has been made Deputy
M r. E. S.
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dys|H*psia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
* A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : “ 1 had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. 1 used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free from all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. I). No. f>, Renfrew, writes : 141 was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes : 14 I was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney < ’ure completely cured me Mr! D. M ¦
yi urs
th< Minister of Agriculture Archibald, who has been Director of the Animal Husbandry branch of the Department of Agriculture, has been appointed Mr. Orisdales successor. No chance of registering much of a kick against these appointments, it would seem, as the fitness of lx>th gentlemen for the positions is generally recognized.
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Slmwville, July 2, 1918.
Regular meeting of Clarendon Council hold on the aixwe date. Present-Mayor Fred Thomas ; Councillors Barter, Sinclair, Smiley, McDowell and
Minutes of last meeting read and ap-1 T, .	,a'k’ Sask‘’
proved on motion of conns. Barber and L1 h,s. skt*tch deals chiefly with a few SniiDv	11 laremlon i^iple in Saskatchewan.
James M. Hudgins being present . A few dftyH ago a man disappeared made complaint of bridge across creek ^om IWt hnne, and the provincial con-at his mill being in an unsafe condition. ?tah^ stationed at C nuk ordered some Conn. Horner took his seat.	hundreds of men on a man-hunt, last
Motion—Couns. McDowell and Hod-	c .
gins- That Foreman John Sparling be "e wvrv. out,at. » » clock Sunday notified to repair bridge at Hodgins’ “«rn.ng. I went with George McLean,
mill as soon as possible : also bridge at	? , Mwr Litchfield, and we
Argue’, mill.—Carried.	*® [kthune-40 unies ; had dm-
Motion Couns. Smiley and SinclairI.Ier “*	''‘"V!*¦ £ob"ueed to
-That Alex. Bean re,-air culvert op,m [l.ye L»nipbells Bay. By the way. site his front lot am,I re,sut to this Mr*: McLcan and children rame l\est
Council at its next meeting.-Carried. !"	coach wlth about hl‘-v us
Motion—Couns. McDowell and Hod- 1,1.	.,	.	. .
gins - That Road lns|>ector Tims. Pal- "e went «llouAt 4 ml,e8 past,a,nd nier be authorized to give out a job of	search. A stranger would hmk
work on Clarendon-Bristol town I ne ,hat hu,,dreds of ;*o„le were out my-op,-.site lot 1, eon. 18, (laremlon (« rk ™iln«. and fishing, to see the searchers not to exceed *25.00).—Carried.	dragging the Arm River. This river
Motion - Couns. Hodgins and Me w».s carefully dragged for several mile.
Dowell—That the following bills be and an inspection of the lake front at paid : Manson McDowell, tile *87.00 ; .Rt*lna Beach made. Toward evening John Argue, board of Tims. Kennedy, “ wa* f {orally believed the missing 860.00 ; 11. J. Black, fixing 2 semners, man bad. been pretending suicide, and ÿ:1.00 ; W. c. Harris, 4 trips as sheep waf“fe »? the distance, valuator, #6.00 : James llennick, llurst . ^ing far from home we came back Hodgins, James Judd and S. Barber. 75 vla Jobn McLeans again where we lmd cents each for measuring corporation	and then went a mile to town
cellars —L'arrietl	*«d ca,led on Albert Blackwell and
Motion-Conns. Smiley and Horner wife. the latter hemg one of five McLtan Tractor Ha. Feet end Leoa. -Thai Mavor Thomas and Couns. Hod ^	" e started for home about 8 A tractor without wheels designed
gins and Barber be appointed a com P’	»nd ttlon« the way (not the road .special y for dragging cultivators In
mittec to advise road foremen until	next	™ ‘‘ad gone ou before)	we called at a	:ornflelds Is described by Popular Me-
...mil ,.	—C nrif.l	farm hoU9e to be sure of	our l>canng*,	?hunics Magazine. Instead of wheels
Motion to	adjourn Couns.	Horne,	“? wc had 110 %ht and	could not set-	t has four legs with ski-shaped feet,
,1 Sinclair	the mound posts. This	limn said he	these legs having hip, knee and ankle
came from Shawville, and 1 remember joints and they take steps like those his living in the James Knox house on	an animal.
Main street. He also is a McLean, and	The legs are driven by a gasoline
_______________________________________________	hia wife Wee a sister to John De* of motor. They are steered around corare oj>erating in the mid-Atlantic, is	p ._, , .	. q I Vhartena. Asking what school district iers by making those on one side
found in the report of the sinking on	°i>reseL_ 'vf.vor we w,‘re in sbe “ Clarendon, of take longer steps than those on the
^mu mm
Motion - McLellan and Killoran --| We Jid uot wigh to frighten people so I “**	'-
late we hurried along. When we reached Where Are the Germane, Mamma. Chamberlain, a town about half way be- j Mother’s tour-year-old te very içucb tween Beth une and Craik, it was near interested In th, war. He often hears midnight. We parked our car near the hls fatt#t reading the war news. Methodist Church and, after hammer-1 “What te a foft?” he asked hls miming the parsonage door with force, wc 1 ma rM,nyy.
bad the satisfaction of getting Rev. Eric, -Thfre j. ou* near the dty," the McLaren and wife out of bed. They	Mld	take jrou out there
built a fire and got us supper and we # da.« and ,he kept Her word, then we hurried on. reaching home be . $hen \be four-year-old had seen the
fore 2, a. ni. Monday noon we went to bnlldlngg lnd tha eoldlera drilling, and Georges garage to see the tally. It mother had (ip|atned to him the ob-read 124 miles for the trip. To roe it had been a day of renewing of friend-
E. P. Hodoiot.
Sec.-Treat*
E. P. Engages m Man-Hunt
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing ight, Saturday Sept. 16th-Countless other attraction».
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
m
The allied armies are being steeled to meet the next German drive, which is likely to be the most vigorous of any yet undertaken* It may possibly l»e launched at any moment, but just at what particular point is not yet clear. It may be towards Paris, or the Channel ports, but in whichever direction, a supreme effort to gain the objective may be expected. If the drive fails Germany’s last chance to win the war will have disappeared. That is the opinion which military experts express.
John W. Brant, Treasurer
Stewart McClenaghan, President
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
MARKET FOR
PULPWOOD
Robert son, Renfrew
writes : “ 1 have not had an attack of. asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy."
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shawville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, (/no.; .1. !.. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., (>tta wa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Que from the manufacturer W.
Box 896, Renfrew, C )nt.
Price 75c. i»er bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
The United States figured larger in the public eye last Thursday than at any time since the Union took its place among the nations of the world. Two outstanding events account largely for this important fact—one the unprecedented feat of launching 71 ships of war and of commerce, aggregating nearly half a million tons ; the other the celebration of Uncle Sam’s National Holiday in England, with the approval and hearty co-operation of the King and Britishers generally. Truly the great war has brought about some marvellous » occurrences !
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOD
; or direct
F. Ritchie,
To be delivered at sidings along the 0. P. R. and G. N. R. Railways.
postage
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
Bristol Council Minutes
Evidences that German submarines
Farmers and Dairymen tlje time is here
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
subsequently picked up. Since the Hun has shown that he has not the slightest rvsjiect for vessels of this or any other
character, it seems strange the safety of I That the labor from lot 22-a, range 4,
such vessels is not assured by providing be changed from div. 14 into div. 21.
Motion—Killoran and Graham—That
.	.	, Rural Ins. Jaa. Smith inspect Tubman1!
|K>rt.< It is surely time that trust to- h>r|jge on the 8th con. line and rei>ort.
luck methods were set aside in dealing Motion — Horner and Henderson —
with a lurking, ruthless foe, who recog- That the follow ing bills be paid :
John Rooney, repairing scraper, * 1.00 A. Elliott, labor for Jus. McCann 1.50 K. Sly, labor for H. Anstise and Mrs. J. Trudeau,
Pedlar People, Ltd., steel culverts 310.80 Sawyer Massey Co., 1 Jr. Grader,
German submarines have added one |C. N. R Co. freight on above,
the multitude of dastardly J.M . Dagg, 80 j>cs. cedar at #1.2 », 100.00 they have committed since the IX Campbell, dynamite,	13.28
\M. McDowell, 6 ft. 1 tin. tile, 4	8.25
Motion
convoys for them as well as for irons
<t)
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that
than
ï
y
V
saves you more money any other tool used on farm
3	Because it is so simple that a child can redily learn to take it apart and put together again
4	Because it is so easy to keep clean
5	Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
0 Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
7 Because all gearing is enclosed
S Because it is so easy to run
9 Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved win bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical acting nee bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
A CALL SOLICITED.


>
r- !
nizcH no law
m- *
i


i
1.40
Canadian Hospital Ship Sunk
by Submarine.

75.00
ject of the training, the little lad
asked:
“Bat where are the Germane, mamma T”—Indianapolis News.
3.98
i
more to
ships.
{
( rl 111
Lusitania horror. .	H
On the nif?ht of June 27th, when ¦	„	.	... .
about ninety miles off the coast of Ire That Ins. Ross l>e notified to inspect a land, en route for England, the Cana- stump fence opposite lot ,, range ,, and dian hospital ship Llandovery Castle report tf he considère it a nuisance.
-was torpedoed without warning by a Motion—H or nerand Graham—That German submarine, and of the 258 peo- W. D. Dagg be allowed to straighten pie the vessel carried only 24 were and fence the road opposite lot 1, range known to have escaped death up to lS, provided he make the new roadbed Monday last. Those on board included as good as the old. I. Murdock, pstn 14 female nurses and 80 men of the master in the division, to inspect the Army Medical Corps. Twelve of the work and re|*ort if he considers it satis-nurses are believed to have perished, factory.
two of the number belonging to Ottawa 1. Walsh and H. Beattie appeared
and asked for assistance towards open-
When }he vessel was struck she was mg the sideroad between lots 4 and 5,
showing the usual navigation and hos- range 10.
pital lights and could not be mistaken Motion—Henderson and Killorar. — as to her character—11 a ship immune That we grant $25 towards making this
1
\
Graham and McLellan
MADE IN CANADA
CLUBS.
All Gone Feeling.
-Borne men,” said Uncle Eben, 'Is sc •mart dat when dey git# through talkin' yon don't feel helped none. You je*' feels kind o' lonesome an' Ignorant"	______________

J
J
TIME OF MEETING :
i
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside Clarendon - last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thors. Wyman, -
Shawville • First Thursday,
of each month.
c
A Popular Promotion.
The promotion of Brig.-Gen. A. D. McRae, the new director of organisation in Lord Beaverbrook e Ministry of Information, to major-general is regarded with favor In England as placing another Canadian among the
He Is the only
higher command
Canadian officer given that rank n the old land who Is not commanding 4 division or exercising a s Pillar r;
I «oonilbility.
H. B. MITCHBM
Agent.
First Friday,
by every law of war and peace from 1 road.
521854
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
Canadian Food Boaku License Number * 8 10603
r
\ Weakly Joumtl devoted to Loom Interests.
FIVE YEAR
NEW ISSUE
$6,100,000.
it Sha"«»Hk County Pontiac, Qua. PREPARE FOR THE
6%
CITY OF MONTREAL
noRtPTipît, II a Year in Advance All nrrcsrs must he paid up before
<111 y paper I» diseontlnuod.
si
HOLIDAYS
6% FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
O
advertising rates.
Lez il advertising. 10 cents per Une for I at insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted st $3.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rule of 8 cents per line for first Insertion ,ui«l 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
dommerolal advertising by the month for longer periods inserted nt low Kite* which will be given on application. Adr.rU.em.at. receW,,^ wlUou^ In-
and charged for
Due May 1st 1923.
Dated May 1st 1918.
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100.— $500.— and $1000.—
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November.
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST payable in Gold in Montreal or at the agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New-York, U. S. A.
OUTING BOOTS
82.n0
Men’s White Canvas Boots heavy rubber sole
“ white rubber sole
“ red “ white “ red “ white " red “ red
" high leg, Cuban Heel
and Leather Sole 2.75
cl
1.75
H
<<
<<
As members of the Syndicate which has acquired the total above
mentioned issue, we offer these bonds at
1.75
<<
<<
Tan Running Boys’ White Canvas “ Tan Running Youths’ White Canvas
Tan Running
(*
PAR (lOO) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
strdctloni accompany sorted until forbidden accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
1.50
ft
ff
1.50
a
K
The Mile of these bonds has been authorized by the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottawa, and their legality has
been approved of by Messrs. Fleet, Falconer, Phelan & Bovey, advocates
1.25
n
<<
JOB PRINTING.
kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
N. B. CONSULT YOUR NOTARY, CONCERNING THE VALUE OF THE ABOVE INVESTMENT.
1.25
If
ff
ff
All
cheaply executed, promptly attended to,
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Versailles, Vidricaire, Boulais,
1.00
ff
it
Childs’ "
Women’s White Canvas
ft
Limited
MONTREAL
90 ST. JAMES ST., Tel. Main 8745 - 8746.
OTTAWA
51 SPARKS ST.,
Tel. Queen 6881
QUEBEC
198 ST. JOHN ST., Tel. 4155
Professional Cards.
Women’s White Canvas Boots, high leg, low rubber heel and rubber sole 2.75
" Pumps, high heel leather sole 2,25
“ Boots, white rubber sole
" Boots, white rubber sole
DR. A. H. BEERS
I i
<<
SURGEON DENTIST Campbkli.* Hay
1.50
PORE PLAYS JOKE ON ARTIST
u
*(
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Su rger>
Unl.er.lty
fcloentUtVof Dental Surgery, Quebec
YOUNG MEN
1.25
Misses’
<<
Quotes Bible Verse to Verify Genuine, see of Potralt of Himself Executed by an American Painter.
Call in and see our nice display of
Holiday Groceries
Pope Benedict I» known to have »
It has lately
STRAW HATS
keen sense of humor been expended upon an American resident in Rome who thinks himself a portrait painter, says a Rome correspondent.
This gentleman, with the best intentions, asked the pope for permission to paint his portrait, which would later grace the walls of the Vatican, alongside of the masterpieces of the universe.
The pope granted the request, but stipulated that he should give only ¦ sitting, and that the portrait should be finished by help of photographs.	y
The portrait was finished recently. The artist found it so good that he longed to have It shown first in America, lest his fellow citizens should reproach him for hiding such a work of art In Italy, without giving them a chance of admiring his genius. To this the pope graciously agreed. But the artist went further.
As there are so many spurious portraits of the pope, would his holiness write a few lines to prove to skeptical Americans that the artist had really painted the masterpiece? The pope promised n few words in a few days.
They arrived. To the painter's astonishment—and chagrin—they proved to be from the Gospel of St. Matthew, chapter 14:27. They ran: “It Is I; be not afraid."
15
8. A. MACK AT ^^Ê^Pete
notary public	Clark’s Sliced Smoked Beef
Shawville, - - - Que. | Finegt Mixed Pickles
“ Sweet Gherkins “ Onion Pickles « Olives—plain or stuffed
We have the one that will fit you.
25
25
We have also a complete stock of
for 20 and 35
SPORT SHIRTS AND SUMMER UNDERWEAR.
35
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
20
15, 20, 25
ADVOCATE, DARNISTEN, Ao.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
MURRAY BROS

one
SHAWVILLE.
C. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.
THE TAILORS
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K.G.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Belsher, Pearl Hodgina» Louis Judd, Willson Horigins.
Grade iii—Marion Horigins, Edna Horigins, Pearl Rooney, Verna Burgess.
Grade i Sr.—Arthur Judd, Blanche Burgess, Ben Judd, Gilmour Hodgins. Grade i Jr.—Myrtle Ritchie.
• Gladys Hois uns, Teacher.
AC
District Schools
A>vooate, barrister
. Hull.
196 Main St.
Junk Examinations
Bristol, 8. S. No. fl.
''Grade vi—Alvin Nicholson, Erwin Row, James McGillis, ab.
.	_ _ _ __	, Grade v—Lloyd Ross.
ADVOCATE	Grade iv—Echlin Manary, Stephen
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR Fitzsimmons, Edward McLclIan
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE. |w>»*“
Wed | O Primer H, Sr. Edith Dag#
Dagg,
Primer ii Jr. Lulu Thompson.
PrimuL i—Evelyn Manary, Eunice
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
No. 8, Clarendon
Grade vii— Jean Cameron, Annie Somerville.
Grade vi—Edith Pirie.
Grade v —Stella Brownlee, Arthur McGuire and Gladys Robitaille, equal ; Florence Horner, Johnnie Wallace.
Grade iv—Mary Wallace, Myrtle Somerville, Adeline Somerville, Mabel Brownlee.
Grade iii—Donald Cameron, Herbert Robitaille,
Primer ii—Norma Cameron, Ernest McGuire, Ernest Telford, Lulu Connelly.
Primer i Sr.—Frances Leitch, Esther Rose, Mabel McGuire.
Primer i Jr.—Hazel Nicholas, Laura
Will be In Fort Coulonge every •nesday and Shawville every Saturday
PRICES DURING CIVIL WAR
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
Custom Sawing.
1111 The prizes were as follows Attendance Lloyd Ross and Alvin Nicholson
Perfect lessons
Sugar $58 a Barrel, Rice $31.38 a Barrel, Tobacco, Tea and Coffee Much Higher Than Now.
High ns prices nre, It rany be some consolation to know that they are still below the Civil war records :	Sugar
then sold for $58 a barrel, rice at $31.38 a barrel, tobacco at more than double the present price, and tea at over $100 for a 25-pound chest as compared with the present price of about $20. Coffee was then four times as high as it Is at present, says Leslie^. m2 _ .	À
If the difficulty in getting hold of sugar makes the American people realize we are at war, and inspires la them a willingness to follow Mr. Hoover’s suggestions as to economizing in the use of certain foods, it will have accomplished some good.
While complaining of food scarcity, it is well for our people to know how little food others have. The German ration contains .41 of a pound of body building protein as compared with 1.08 in the standard ration. The German ration is not sufficient to maintain bodily her. 1th and vigor, but the civil population in the occupied districts of France and Belgium have to exist on even less than this.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
191 MAIN 8T
Alvin Nicholson.
Highest tier cent in examinations Harvey Ross
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
G. P. Conolly, Teacher
GEORGE E. MORENCY
No. 10, Clarendon
Grade vii— Basil Hobin, honors ;| Chapman, Viola Tugman, Ivan Horner,
Velma Tugman, Gordon Robitaille. Number enrolled—37.
Average attendance—23.
LA Stephens, Teacher.
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
Euibyle Eadea, abs.
Grade vi—Jessie Horner, Lucinda
Moffatt.
. Grade v—Lyle Hodgins.
Grade iv—Mary Hodgins, Hubert Brownlee, Lillis Ivulvs, Lindsay H r I	No. 8, ÇLABENDON.
, Bobbie Chamberlin, abs.	Grade vii—Lila Dean.
Grade iii—Ethel Richardson, Jahies	Grade vi— Grace Harris.
Moffatt, Lindsay Richardson.	e 1 Grade v—Bessie Stark, Basil John
Grade ii—Hazel	Moffatt, Sophia I Asa Smart, Vwna Cart man. •
Hodgins. Cyril Hobin, Archie Horner. Grade iv—Marguerite Wharrey, Amy Grade i Doris Moffat, Marion Dale,|])eani Filncc Beau. Willie Smart, Clifford Fulford, Lennis Barr.
Mes. C. B. Fulpobd, Teacher.
all kinds of
Plans, Lines. Boundaries, &c.
.Executed carefully to the aatlsfaction of partie».
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
If
!
ner
Hull
.102 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 8880.
GEORGE HYNES
Elda Hobin.
Regular attendance—Mary Sophia Hodgins, Lyle Hodgins,| Hobin, Cyril Hobin, Ethel Richardson, Lucinda Moffatt.
Good Conduct
Hodgins, ¦Mas il
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville. Pdrsonalittention.Openallhours.
No. 13, Clarendon.
Grade vi—Melvin Laughren, Wallace
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Lucinda Moffatt, I
Jessie Horner, Hazel Moffatt, < il Grade v—Herman Elliott, Asa Laugh Hobin, Marion Dale, Doris Moffatt, | ren$ Bussell Elliott Lindsay Horner, Archie Horner.
L. Faris, Teacher
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
Grade iv Sr.—Margaret Desjardin, Marcella Grant and Mildred Desjardin, equal ; Viletta McCord, Henry Me No. 5, Clarendon.	Cord, Lindsay Horner.
Grade vii—Elvyn Corrigan, Edwin Tirade iv Jr.—Manley Lauhren, ( > Alexander	rus Lang, Sidney Laugh ren.
Grade vi-Wallace Wiknn, Wendell Grade iii-Tbelma Langhren, Mabel Wilann	Elliott and Lloyd Laughren, equal :
tirade i—Ada Wilson. Norma Hod- Reginald Wall, Della Wall, Clifford 1 -,Wilim Barber.	Greer, Jason Greer
Grade iv—Beulah Wilson, Erma Cor- Grade n—Merle McDowell M rUie rigan. Eva Elliott, Harold Wilson. Carty, Kenneth Horner, Kirby Lepme. Grade iii-Norval Wilson, Alfredda Primer u-Beryl Ireland, Florence ,	I Elliott, Marion Fraser, Wesley Dagg, Grant, Julia Ralph, Lola Elliott, Ber) I
J. L. HODGINS|SX™’"' ”***' w“‘“- "* w* Mpb. B„l,n U*
Grade i-Sadie Fraser, Heman Me- Hazel Cartv, Ruby Carty, Irvine Laugh Howell	ren, Lilis Wall, Emery Greer.
Total enrolled—87.	9aha J. Wilson, Teacher.
Average daily attendance—19.
Present each day during term—Wall ace Wilson, Erma Corrigan.
Margaret E. Harknkhs, Teacher.
UNDERTAKING
>

and EMBALMING
Funds for Liza Jana.
A long row of husbands sat In a ness hall and a sergeant was on the >ther side of the table with papers In front of him from which he from time to time read extracts, recites the New York Times.
“Are you married f*
“I was married, but I ain't now."
-Wife deadr
“No, she ain't,dead, but we had a nutnal separation."
“Any divorcer
“No, sir, I could not pay for a <H-rorce. but It is all busted up 'tween Please don’t put her name down."
Her name did go down, and Liza fane will be astonished when the next month rolls around and Uncle Sam land# her out $15. with a little memorandum to the effect that this is an allotment from her husband, and a little extra thrown In to help her and the children, if she has any. That Is not all. If he dies in battle, she gets $4,500, or possibly more.
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m
W. J. HAYES
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A)	“	9.00, a. m
Lv < >t tawa Lv Ottawa
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All Cftlls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
gin#,
“	(C)	12.55, p. m
u (B) 4.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m Lv Ottawa 14 IfV Ottawa 44 Lv Ottawa
(A)	6.40, a. m
(B)	8.45, a. m (A) 3 30, p m
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
«HAWVILLE •	QUE.
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m.
Lv. Ottawa “	4* (B) 4.45, p. m.
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12 25, p. m
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancoivbr :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a, m.
Explanation of signs (A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
us.
Over sixty people were killed in an explosion at the plant of the Sgniet Solway Co., at Split Rock, a short distance east of the city of Syracuse, N. Y., |	|Tuesday night, July 2. There are
Grade vi—Irma Belsher and Gertrude suspicions that the explosion, which Hodgins, equal ; Marcella Hodgins, was most terrific, wrecking more than Allen Judd, Viola Palmer, Garnet Hod half of the extensive plant and the gjn8	workmen's homes in the adjacent vill-
Grade v—Gertrude Leilch, Kenneth age, was the work of eneny incendiaries.

A
No. 9, Clarendon
on
ROMPTLY SECUR
only
In all countries. Ask fqr wour INVENTOR'S ADVISER.which wifi be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
3§4 University §t* Montréal.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.

###PAGE###6###
WAR’S INSISTENT CALL TO
This Advertisement
men from the city while she fills his shoes.
In short—every woman and every teen-age girl can do SOMETHING during July and August towards assuring the country of the full benefit of those crops which Nature so bountifully yields, war or no war. It la one of the biggest things ever asked of a woman. It is for the sake of our
—for our men
With the Insistent note of a clarion suffering and the humiliation of the I ^r there ” They provide the ir-call to service, the message has gone women of invaded countries. They resistible argument why every woman lh* Army '* ***"*	1 8eri<h,e
forth: “To the farms!”	have had few material privations, should turn her hand to food conserva. Subject at First Acquaintance.
For months past it has wavered even in three and a half years of war. lion> to foo<* production, or to both. x mere civilian does not know wha across the country, and the echo has They have worked splendidly, and	+	a bed is. To him It is something so _
been caught up and thrown back time and again they have reiterated	Citmgkr and y|elding, something the body can
njTn f,me t0 timo- Hut now it comes their desire to do everything asked of rUUtl Willi U1 vUIllvI snuggle In and the soul can dream lit W1 . a dirac* challenge that ia as ir- them by the Government. Indeed,	What a delusion! I speak from ex-
“ **e 80*^'er's t-ugle call. ! they have pleaded for a wider field of Bol.hevikl doctrine, have brought	whan I .ay that a bed 1. no
It sounds from end to end of the | activity.	Russia down from one of the greatest »“<* ‘hln*- JThere *¦ one , kl"d
o ry. Men and women are They have had the answer now. The food producing countries on the globe	nowadays one kind, at least
hearkening. They are thinking about way has been clearly indicated.	to a condition of starvation. Drunk worth reckoning. It consists of
time* tn "ifl u\!l , Hut is no The greatest need of the hour I. for with liberty, which they did not three board,, a couple of low tre.ael,. », Arthur Henry Gooden	l^^.uchZn i«T %%m»:t K™. cÏlir'Zof th^ZÆ uSTSS 2Z"tyT'Z: % and C: Wank".' J .
Kir- ffsssra ss&tsi	%
ÜÈSMES BëlHH SmihE, s	S&erlê #
BEF'=A -H .......................	eHEB n-s	" y? jts ss cm r. a
iSü:i^S ¦¦ i®I
«¦¦¦¦
eetitae
SW 8®B iaw Iffl «w—-
«% - J?	e w	mhmÊÆ 1 f
¦¦¦*
She’s* been	MagPe: >r°Ur daddy died that Andy borrowed	Men Must F,8:ht—and Women Must Reap.	munition making and for food produc-
hSmanYi£ Î5T homA lJ5£Z‘tTe th?US?nd f0,leTrs trom^him-give -	,	---- _ Won. Non-e,.entlal industrie, mu,t
vWOr2 for,lt' Maggie’s shut and provides water. See* I of the excitement of war. Yet they l* non® so weak that she cannot do
Er-£'L" SS'EEEI sF1"
»5E4F. 7 h“ “rfeMn'S rW! as rz % Er" ErM 6	%
"¦£S r:APS “« “«wK'p fci-*'1 •Bi	:.r "z/c t jrayt	“r “
shimmering heat through th^rlmirle 1 a 1?,e finval words iame out with & t|on shop, kept the guns supplied with But when it begins to rot would be windows rusting If you will paint them
of 2K ygellowatdust that trailed in hiÆ^e%T" %W £e"8' What did in ^ ^ too late.	as soon as purchased, with good paint
SHKSSW*
awawswaiEBs
girls harnessed themselves to heavy the better.
a Æœ - -	..............................
art:1	lc ' BSiMi vtiti
work, eh?"	Dahlias can be planted until the first and ** 7oung f^ls in the work of l0J \Ume* ^	-
. Î Stopped to see Maggie,” said of July.	transportation stagger under kegs of If ehe knows of any male loafers,
Julietta frankly.	I	.	.	wipe or water weighing eighty pôunds. lhe can reP°rt them and have them
“Keep her name o’n this place!” j Every farming community this year j In Scotland, girls single turnips #en* to “pastures new” to pitch hay.
«aid lh0 old woman furiously “I should be formed into groups of farm- pi,nt potatoes, drtve horses and cart,’ If she can take a man’s place tern-
fcÆÆus bias sasr "md	Hb-JSC t satsast:	rr
“Very well. I'll take it to him ” re- Fotato atarch and alcohol are being are 6,000,000 woiqpn taking the places lieve the labor situation, plied Julietta.	“sed *n England to make a substitute 1 of men in various forms of work. If #he can give up her holidays thi»
Mrs. Wurrell excitedly ordered her [0r fubber* A company in Virginia There are 300,000 engaged in agricul- year to work on the farm she will be to stay where she was, but Julietta bas been organised to make synthetic tural work alone.	doing a plucky and patriotic thing
ng!y disregarded the words and (artificial) rubber out of calcium car- The women of Canada can do these If Bhe U a r rl of leisure, it is up to v ;. the steps. she passed bide	things. They have been spared the her to go out on the land or send a
Cream Wanted
THE WOMEN OF CANADA
•weer or churning cream
may induce you to try the first packet of
We supply cans, pay esprees charge# and remit dally.
Our prie# now le forty-#lx cents
Canada Appeal* to Her Daughters to Rally to Her Aid In This the (.realest Crisis in History—Enlist For Food Saving
and Food Production.

NH
UNEASY LIES TIIE HEAD-
but we rely absolutely on the inimitable flavour and quality to make you a permanent customer. We will even offer to give this first trial free if you will drop us a postal to Toronto.
a
B 113
Runaway Julietta
them you have a fairly vivid notion of how the ancient martyre felt after a course on the rack.
do?
rushed-
Dean


%

?
on

& It is

on rice and

i
"fine for
i
I
m
cleaning
cans - sjüsx

8

Vv
t
tiitort
to
7

BREAD MIXEfV

* V
1
% Ou-ii, i ei«e all |um k i^nk Makes light.



i
bread.
rofli, e#c. wuhoul
th-N
'.food
ft
deaa—hand.

fow loaf w. 12.75;
««hi Uf ,ue #5 25.
E.T. WRIGHT CO.
i.eiteo
HAMILTON A CANADA
se.se
war.
IflllllllMIIIII
William®
Ss. PIANOS
*.r4L«Ss:5Ç4$,T“ (%	«
owed five thousand dollars and ac-; grip of grim tragedy, cumulated interest did not elate Juli- ¦	W
etta, but it did untangle the knotted skein of mysery.
• 4
T^B example of the late I Queen Victoria In ae-lectlng the Williams New Scale Plano hae been fob lowed by many of the world’s moat musteline. Thle fact haa caused It to be known aa the Choice of the Great artiste.
i
1

renowned
1
V
Louis XV Model, 1580.00	" t * 1 M
THE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA ONT.
Canada's Oldest and Largest Plano Maker# ,

• •
y
###PAGE###7###
N
THE WEEKLY SERMON
had
The Turk*, now finding they only a email patrol in front of them,
began advancing in large numt>ere, so	.
ae to bruah them aside and get at the II	II	“Ai	hie	Part	19	that Koeth down to the purpose of saving beef, bacon and
¦hip*. The sergeant, however, was a II	I ICaltll	II	th	• battle, so shall his part be that flour for the use of the men who are
brave fellow, and knowing the im- I	H	tarrieth	by	the	stuff: they shall part fighting at the front, is a slacker
portance of holding the Turks back, [|	^_—U alike.”—1. 8am. 30, 24.	and a mighty bad slacker.
fought a fine rearguard action, dis-	^	King David returning from battle to No one is exempt in this war. Some
puting every yard of the ground. As	High Blood	•	Zlkiag, found that misfortune had are outside the draft for military see-
the fight went on he lost two more The heart constantly works aga t overtaken the place in his absence. A vice, but there Is none outside the men; so that, himself badly wounded resistance and this is the pnmary	of the Amalekites, whom he draft of Duty, for service of whatever
he had only two men left; and one of cause of the blood pressure.	had harried so terribly the year be- form he may be capable,
these was also wounded. Things amount of pressure m ( e ermine< fore# had taken advantage of his Are we at home going to be worthy
ÇSEE
- » "“«—••• - - T -*Tmmsvm.ssr ttws=; 5* .....
»•. ssA	sr-«rs: m THE w“	ass.nstt.“ ££“ -&*. ri.r,;îr L
¦"“*** “ - miis	wmm
SSaa-J s ssB&'s SSÜsHS
hreeee	"	not counted. Taking all classes or
mmsssmm
WS§smMtfS:
«¦pBBB
mmaam
miles you have to run, but be of that will let no one approach it After gUnd an(j to harveet it. All of the good courage ; I will remain here weaning, before the close stabling sea- ^ except the roots are cut and the
with these men and hold the en- son arrives, it pays to go to the pas- . blade is available for conver-emy.” ture field occasionally with a halteh pulp ^e fiber is short and
At that moment appeared three for the purpose of leading the colt -p afid ^hile giving the paper a whips round a bend in the canal fol- to water.	g0(Xi body it is light and takes ink
lowed at a little distance by two	"	,	, f and colors splendidly,
more, all running swiftly into the A farm work shop with a P ", ^	British ships with coal cargoes con-
ambush set by the Germans. The ser everything and everythi .g in Piace Rigne<j ^ Algeria make the return géant was in an agony, but with his will pay big interest on he m «.	^ with cargo# of alfa which ia refour remaining men opened rapid fire ment.	warded as ballast, hence the expenses
on the enemy, hoping thus to warn the	A^^iv and de- are very light As the actual pulp
•hips in time. To his immense relief The man who can meet despa.	yield from alfa is only about 45 per	„
!->wed suit.	^
Z7br> S/t'e
BOYSsGlRivS

r
<n
1

:A
r
z
t

The Younger Brothers
“Too young to volunteer,” you said; and chaffed
When they left us out entirely from the draft.
What you told us,—(sort o’ kind) That we’d help, who stayed behind
¦¦¦¦dIliÉÉHWe choked
il!
we
•Til»
Seemed like mocking us.
(it hurt!) and laughed
But the most bf-us by now have seen • light.
We are facing things, and starting In to fight
Every muscle, we make strong Means more help in righting wrong;
And we're backing you with all our growing might!
s i && hs
work of those who go down to the | overtired, battle and the work of those who stay by the stuff
indispensable as the other
rapidly! became Their heavy luggage I and .weeping out many
soldier* have chamber .	# ^ ^	for
_____ v m do, are taking
at "home will stock of what we have to contribute to
the common
So, we've braced ourselves, and mean to see it through.
It's no children's work you've lef^with us to do.
Brothers, over there in Françe,
You are giving ui our chance,
And we're taking it—and making men —like you!
......_j. They are not consulting
their nerves or feeling their pulses. There is no room for hypochondriacs. The need for instant energetic action
doors and windows a cob-webbed
The one is quite as
able to travel j is opening many
was left behind. So our
mm mm
beyond the present hour to Gode
The war
Patty and Her Problems.
WHERE ENGLAND GETS HER PAPER
war,
reality a war of nations.
Each of the warring nations is being
sillies
man
W €
somi
things As cannot
one
HOW THE SUEZ CANAL WAS SAVED
are re-
THE FRUSTRATING OF A WELL-I.AID GERMAN PLOT.
Each
But at nighttime and especially when there was no moon the work of guarding the canal warn both anxious and strenuous. It was quite possible for the Germans to bring small raiding parties furnished with heavy mines unseen up to the edge of the sandy strip, and then directly it was dark to march straight for any point the canal. So slender were the ' British forces that only very weak patrols could be furnished to patrol between the redoubts; they consisted therefore at the most of one non-commissioned officer and two men, but generally only two men, without an N.C.O could be spared.
Fix Fruit Prices in Britain	hood Situation in Britain.
SSSilllpi
wmmmm.
The letter again
on
An Army of Six.
One morning just as the first false dawn of the East was clearing, and the night's watch and ward seemed to be over, an Indian sergeant with two of his men, was patrolling along when he met a patrol of two men coming from the other direction. To the** he said "The night \s now over; Join
I
###PAGE###8###


9
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE MALI, SHAWVILLE :
W. J. Hayes’ Corner!. .	r CITY OF MONTREAL
New Barber Sfjop
îtie Slaw Tille Boot aol I'm Store
>6,100,000.
NEW ISSUE
- opened at -
SPECIALS
for SATURDAY, JULY 13
Irvin Hamilton
Kvc.Seey
K. S. H. Workman W. M.
6% FIVE YEAR BONDS
Due May let 1083
Issued in denominations of $100, $500 and $1000, payable to bearer, with privilege of registration as to principal
PRICE: PAR (100) AND INTEREST
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Customers may rely on getting ] l. O. L. No. 27, meets lut Tuesday of each prompt ami sntist'avtm y MTvio at reasonable rates.
month
llKltll lloiMJlNS
W. M
Hko. HonoiNB Secy.
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
ROYAL SCARLKT CHAPTER iiircts on t lu- i it h of « mi ii month
II. N. Hodoin*.
\V. Cmop. In Com
REN E-T. LECLERE
Rko. Hoduinh Com. Scribe.
INVESTMENT I1ANKEH
Stock for Sale
Women’s white canvas boots, leather sole and heel, reg $3.00 for
160 SL James Street, Montreal
Telephones ! Ms» 1260 sst 1261
20 Grade Oxfard Ewês (all under | ;; I \ vaitt old)
10 Kwp Lambs U W ether Lambs 1 Oxford Ram (reg )
0 2-yeai old Cattle 0 yearling Cattle
(\ P. IL: L O. L. No. 2189 ; Mr. ami Mrs. Thomas Rutledge ; Mr. and Mrs. William Barr ; Mrs. Kliza liai risen and son William ; Mrs. Millington ; Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Mooney, Webb-wood ; Mr. and Mrs. George Black and W M COTIE I family ; Mr. and Mrs. It. A. McDowell ;
Starks Corners. | ^r- a,“*	,s- ^ tj. But ledge ; Mr. ami
Mrs. Bonelier ; Mr. and Mrs. William
Avery \ Mrs. Joseph I^eblanc and family ; Mrs. II. Richie and fain ly and Mr. William Nicholls.
4 00
Women’s white canvas Colonial pumps reg. 2.50 for
(REAM Wanted!
1.95
SHIPJEXPRKSS.^ —	\VE SUPPLYaCAÿjl
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers if from our. jnxty (60) retail jvaggons enable us to realise and pay Prodvçejp ^higher price per pound Butter Fat.Y*’	JR ^B|
yhenToujship tojOTTAWA DAIRY, your money xndHWlTt
guaranteed"	T WW	^	_	##
6 pairs women's brown kid boots, medium heel, 8 in. top, sizes 3, 3i 4, 5 reg. 8.50 for
NOTICE
The undersigned wishes to an-liounce the opening of a Jewelry Store in the premises lately vacated by R. W\ Ihxlgius.
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will be thoroughly guaranteed and receive his per sonal attention.
6 25
Contradictory Ivtdsnoe.
"These Is one thing curious about the minutes "What la *They art generally affairs of mo-aant"
Qf a meeting." thntr
^CANADA
2.95
10 pairs women’s kid pumps, reg. 4.00
1.35
Women’s tennis boots, rubber sole
Training Counts.
"Our mathematical expert here is also a good athlete."
*'X suppose that la why he finds it ip easy to run up a column of figuras."
BERT WAINMAN
MASSEY-HARRIS
These prices are for Sat., July 13 only.
Formerly of Bank St.. Ottawa, Ont.
s i thought will «ule world
upon private wealth incident to.*. .,	.......
the war would make it unfair to I 8c cnt $t A,,ert# Ships at See Will
Controlled From Shore and Qaeollna
Will Be Grown Like Corn.
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
)
for von tribu
vail upon the oublie tion to the Patriotic Fund, ami that the Government should be asked in future to vote all the supplies required for the funds.
In the lobby of a big Fifth avenue club one evening recently, a group of
as !~3"; aei , «==»- . JSSSKESS
###!:.....................:..ililSI:=ss=is
giam has bttn gu atl> impi owd, spyken of a year ago as being of whose allegiance to the piscatorial i *****' («pped hlm forehead knowingly, ami tin- pro>pcct now ot a goo< p|ïenominal richness, turned out, art is divided among other out-	One	of them	was telling «bout a scl-
Iiarxest seems )rigntj^ï^ygiajÉjMjiJ after all, to be an illusion? It is | door sports. The usual depart	cntlst	who	Is	already	telephoning	to
meats are well maintained, the airplanes without wires. And another Trap department containing an | Quoted a famous Inventor who said illustrated write-up of the recent i that it would only be a short while tournament of the Dominion Trap , until all telephone wires would be abol-Slmoting Association at Hamilton. I shed as unessential.
Pontiac was honored this week land the Kennel department the "The fact la," he said, “that tele-bv a visit from Hon. Mr. Tessier li<t of awards at the London and phone wires do not In reality , Minister of Roads in the Quebec Montreal Show». “Sniping in Win. Chisnell, received cabinet. He was accompanied by France** by a professional Sniper word last week from his son, A I- jus Secretary; also Mr. Caron, is only one of the flue articles ap bert who for the past year has local member for the neighboring | pearing in the Gn?i9 and Amiutmi-been in Winnipeg, engaged as con- Countv of Ottawa, and Mr. Boss j tion section. Rod and Gun is pub doctor on the street railway, that who drove the car. The party lished by W. J. Taylor, Limited at he, a short time ago, donned the came up through this section on | Woodstock, Out. khaki, and is now in training in , Monday morning, and Mr. Tessier that city, connected with the addressed meetings at Quyon, engineers. Albert did not wait on Maple Ridge, en route. Arriving his class to be called, having only at Shaw ville, he also addressed a
passed his lUth milestone a few meeting in the Academy. Citizens I The social held under the auspices of I thought or an Idea, weeks previous to enlisting.	. of Shaw ville and others in a mini- the Ladies Guild of St. John’s Church, "We are arriving at the conclusion
her ut automobiles went down a» Ion the Pi mage grounds, Quyon, mi | that even space Is thought, for we are Too many Calves. In reference fBr Knox’s hall to escort the Frida> to the delivery of stock at the ministerial vat into town. Whih station here last Satin day
Local and District.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
John Mootlie an,I S. to be hoped not
Messrs
Moorhead are engaged taking out mica at a mine near Sandy’s Lake that was partially developed some years ago. There is said to be a good demand for mica now, and prices have materially advanced.
Minister of Roads Tours
Pontiac.
Call and have a talk with
our messages. Every scientist knows that. Back of It all Is the great process of thought which we ore only beginning feebly to understand.
‘The more we delve Into this process of thought—whatever It Is—the more we come to the conclusion that the material phenomena Is the projection of thought. We konw that every material thing comes from a
US
Mr
R, J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
QUYON
lilt., was a splendid sue- annihilating space every day through ¦ There was a large attendance a thinking process. It will not be
«¦iiiasiissa üip
: ÿftUtS Æ	CITES big profits
will mean that this district will island and take the ferry for Pern- whlvh that work has accomplished, have much fewer mature cattle to broke.	as the result of only five meetings. They
dispose of two years hence.	We understand the minister avail themselves of this opportunity to
promised in his several short ad- express their sincere thanks and grati-I te Stanley It ml, recently i v- (|vcsses_which were delivered in tude to all who contributed in any turned h um ox erseas, arm eu p',ench aluj translated—to give manner to this happy result, which sur-here last week to xi>it in> aunt, wjmt assistance he could to the passed expectation.—Com.
Mrs. George Smith. Stanley en-1fllI.themlK.e of the good roads
mv-ec* 111 ia V 1 V1/ n ,V‘ltta lu 1 111 j movement in this county, as part
1.1>, and went to h ranee s^n.le 0f the general scheme to construct
mn'ide!aebleaWfight,i-'iraa,d wn“	right thr°URh
finally wounded at the capture of |tue ,,lovmte-Pasehendale, a machine gun bullet piercing his right arm and another entering his side. His right hand has been rendered powerless from the wound in his arm.
<vss
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done
Give us a cal
Meat Dealer Points Out Pills, Mineral Water and False Teeth as Pro. ducers of Immense Margins.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
"Talk about food profiteers !” growled the butcher, as he charged up a two-pound rump steak at 00 cents a pound. “Why I know people whose profit has been from time Immemorial 6,000 per cent and more. Yet you Miss Kirby, of Macdonald College, don't Jump on them. Why, then, Jump will visit the various H. M. Clubs m | on me? this county and will mye demonstra
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
Œ. W. DALE
Canning Demonstrations
¦PF	“Take Junck's liver pill, for Instance,
nnmg on the l' " ingj I know Otto Junck's bookkeeper, and
the man tells me that this Junck pill sells wholesale at exactly 6,000 per
This Space Belongs to
Dover "
tions on dates :—
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
J illy 11 —Yarn», at 2, p. m
Orange I profit.
“Take mineral water—plain
You can make and sell plain soda at a profit of 40,000 per cent. And, mind you, no kicks.
“Take false teeth. They used to July 16—Bristol, 2.30, p. m., The Manse. | make false teeth out of Ivory, and In
those days It was right to charge 6100 a set for them. But now false teeth
The members of the local lodge of Oddfellows held their annual Church parade and decoration ceremonies on Sunday evening last, attending service at St. Paul's Church. About 40 members were in attendance, including a few visiting brethren. The Rev. A T Phillips preached a special sermon from Matt. 13 : 58. At the close of the service the brethren marched to the cemetery and performed the ceremony of decorating the graves of departed brothers.
The service was attended by a large congregation in addition to the men in revalia.
Operations at the Squaw Lake Molybdenite Mine, which was opened up last year, and a considerable sum expeuded in plant
and machinery, have ceased for Want Patriotic Fund Under
another location in the Gatineau Montreal, July 4 —Legislation region, where the Company have empowering the Dominion Govern-started development. The Squaw ment to take over the Canadian Lake proposition was heralded as Patriotic Fund, and to furnish one of the richest deposits ever from the general revenues of
high hopes were Parliament the fund- hitherto
supplied only by public and private subscriptions, will be introduced at the next session of Parliament. *
The decision was arrived at by the general executive of the Pa trio-Fund at a general meeting held recently in Ottawa.
All members agreed that the greatly increased taxation of the
Hall
July 13—Fort Coulonge.
“ 15—Zion, 2.30, p. m., Mrs. T. A
Copenhagen Is used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a small pinch, for a start, and put it between the lower lip and gum, in the centre.
Afterwards you can increase the size of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you dee ire.
Copenhagen is strong, because the tobacco of which It is made is cut into fine grains, which makes it impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.
Hence, a tittle ‘tpinch
Drapers
Death of Mrs. Rutledge.
(Labor Advocate, North Bay.)
After being in |*>or health, which resulted in a gradual decline, Elizabeth Jane Black, in her 33rd year, the l>e loved wife of W. D. Rutledge, died at
her home on Tuesday, June 18th, 11)18.,---------.	---------
a woman of exemplary character and ""T "P 1° C'°? „on	J*
Christian virtues and was Moved by I de8,cnere- who sketch out their Ideas
all. The funeial which took place on ln/en„and “ °.r with water-colors
Thursday was largely attended and the M often origin,t. the fashion, that
remains were reverently laid to rest in pre'a 1 throughout the world, earn
Terrace Lawn Cemetery.	•**'* °*r foQr «*ure" 8
The deceased leaves four childreu, *e^rea.a correspondent.
¦ a ¦	|	| |	Good mannequins ore the most diffi-
cult to obtain. Some of the largest
are mode of porcelain. They cost 10 cents apiece. Dentist's profit, 76.000 per cent
“So I could go on. And you ask me If my conscience Isn't sore about this 60-cent rump steak. Oh !”
The fellow that caters to and has what every man and boy requires in wearing* apparel at low prices.
,	gnea a
long way. showing that Copenhagen Is not only an unusually economical chew, but also one of the finest quality, being made of the best, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
Don’t forget we have a dandy range of Jewelry, Watches, etc.
three boys and a girl, besides her husband ; father and mother, sisters—Mrs. _ ,
F. Maxwell, North Bay ; Mrs. Thus. Parisian houses employ twenty or thin
Tureott, Ferris township ; Mrs. William wbose ^bo^e tIme 18 passed In try-Barr, North Bay ; Mrs. 8. J. Robinson, ln* 00 dresses before the eyes of fash-
Wilkie, Saak.; and a brother, Albert, at ,onob,e French "omen. Naturally the home, to mourn.	numbers are fewer nowadays, and
Among the contributors of the many mflr,7 (,f the most famous mannequins beautiful floral ottering* were : R »yal °* Baris are now nursing In the hos-Black Precevtory, No. 762 ; The Lady P,tal8 or employed in the French miml-Patricia Lodge No. 256 : H. B. of B A Bon works.
discovered, and entertained that a large industry in that district was among the probabilities of the near failli l he sudden decision to a ha n bon the work, therefore, came, a« a surprise to many, and a suspicion has become aroused that perhaps the Company has substantial reasons for closing down the works, lias the Squaw Lake deposit,
ARCHIE DOVER
tic

