###PAGE###1###


O
No. 21, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV. 14. 1918
$1.00 A YEA K IN ADVANCE.
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Borrow to Buy Cattle
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
"Mixed Farming" is the big moneymaker today. Of course, grain and fruit and vegetables pay well—but beef and bacon, butter and cheese, are piling up the profits for the farmer.
Milk more cows—fatten more cattle-raise more hogs. If you need money to do it, come to The Merchants Bank. We are glad to assist all up-to-date farmers.
Paint ! Paint !
4,750,000
OTTAWA
04 Branche In Canada
H
m -1
Right now is a good time to paint.
Any branch of the Bank of Ottawa will help you buy and hold in safe keeping
i
Mr. Farmer, -Do you realize that your barn*, silos ami other outbuildings are worth hundreds of dollars more than before the war, owing to the advance in labor and all kinds of building material, and that you simply cannot afford to allow them to remain exposed to the weather. Unprotected they rapidly depreciate in value.
We have just received a stock of—
12
TH€ MERCHANTS DANK
Canada’s Victory Bonds
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, •	"
QUYON BRANCH,
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH,........................
Established.!864.
• W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager C K. SHAW. Manager.
SHERWIN WILLIAMS
COMMONWEALTH BARN PAINT
f
PERSONAL MENTION
Men a all wool underwear, scarlet dye 68.50 per suit. Dover. ¦¦¦
Christmas Rates.—I will photos to the dozen now until Jan. 1st. This will solve the problem in your Xmas shopping. \Jome early. A good variety of folders to choose from.
H Imison, Artist.
which we can offer at a very reasonable price
Mr. Fred and Miss Kathleen Treeth, of Ottawa, were the weekend guests of Mrs. (Dr.) Fraser.
Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Wilson and child, of Renfrew, are visiting relatives in this section.
ve 14
Get busy some evening and figure out the matter for yourself—it will pay.
A BIG DRIVE
HENRY’S
SHORTHAND SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
For Stenographers. For the the Civil Service Commission | scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 10 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
past vear has 6e
en
J. H. SHAW.
George and Mrs. O'Hara, and children of Wakefield have been visiting Dr. and Mrs. O'Hara.
Tim majority of our citizens I |n%wn ot!m%nday/on ' h&' w»y I Co^Jmie^ce^bffi^Wortl'ciTU Ser ^*^CkonM«SrvmonS h(>me fro,u » hnotiug trip^	, Our STANDARD oMn.tructlo™ being
of the dreaded try itself nt once arrived home for the week-end. „ ^ t0 attrnd ^ LARGEST and dissipated all tear and the next | Miss berne Hnlsher of the Dept. BEST, thought was, can it be peace - ot Trade and Commerce, returned Peace 1—that word for which to Ottawa on Thursday, after
many millions of hearts so long sending an extended holiday with	|_
have yearned 1 Communication her parents at Green Dike.
with the Central Telephone office On Tuesday of last week Mr. and I Buy your overcoat at Dover’s on at once settled the point ami then,	a. A. Smart, of Starks Cor-1 Saturday and save that 63.00 discount
as if by magic, t he wonted still- ners. received a message from Rev. he is offering.
:rb^™:.r,diL"SKf.sss ,A,--kStsi tt«“•rtw- ?«£"*"*
to the Stupendously important oo- Mrs Whitetaw and family lmd c*n buy anything you mn give them oxen sion. Salvos trom fire-arms m arrived in Vancouver, B. 0., on	“P1	your	photograph.	My	Hj«nal	in-
all comers of the town followed tiK,jr way to Toronto from China,	ducement is	14	photos to the	down	tin-
each other in rapid succession, Ae Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw have til Jan. 1st. Have yours made today, musical instruments gave a touch f>»vn in China almost eight years, I	H. Imison, Artist.
jJulaïïXîÏM3™dj.™ atari asrsScs? k““i, ABtrT",',,,fTrS;!:vvYrr-
S>S:sB,:i:;â£ p&S teiViw
while the whistles of the factor!#,I where they will remain for some c®”	Pontme 9 hoofed products,
1...~ -
were closed ; the blinds on the windows of all business places weie drawn -in short it was a day
GLAD TIDINGS OF PEACE
8 4503
Canadian Food Board License Number
Our course includes Shorthand, Type
English
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
pay
W. A. HODGINS
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW' and he ready for the Kali Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
4
W E.Gowuno, H.G. W.Braithwait President
D. E. HENRY, President Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Principal
SHAWVILLE
i
EXPERIENCE
vs
EXPERIMENT.
.
>•
Learning office work Is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession.
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of W111 la College is that, they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac couutant, we have the best courses avail, able anywhere.
Last year our increase was 45% year to date is even better. Still Employers" Demands Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.


What is the True Meaning
of The Victory Loan ?

<
Tills
We are within sight of Victory, and now, less than ever, can we afford to rest in a false atmosphere of security.
Now is the moment for a grand rally, an irresistible push forward with men and money.
The men are there—and always fresh ones go They must continually be fed, clothed, and supplied with ammunition. The work of supporting them, the EASY PART, is ours. Shall, any one of us fail them at this
end ?
No, a hundred times, NO !
And what are we asked to do ? What is it that Canada asks of us ?
Simply to LEND to our own Country more money, that the great fight may be finished for us, and that the sacrifices made for us in four years of war shall not be in vain. No thinking man or woman who realizes this can fail to respond to the limit of his or her ability.
And Canada makes it very easy for us to do this through
N, I. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa, Ont
Willis College
1301 Sparks Street, entrance between Ketehum’s & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
LOST—Between John H. Brownlee*» and Otter Lake (via the 8th line and Pickanoek Road) on Tuesday. Nov. 5th an outside Automobile tire (Goodyear.) Finder will greatly oblige by leaving at The Equity office. J. H. Brownlee.
Births
At Shanghai, China, on August 25, 1918, to Rev. L. C W lit tola w, B. A., and Mrs. WhRelaw, a daughter (Emma Claire.)
¦¦ ¦¦ I	IppiiliiiiMinr
SzaStEE' y bs t hÆïïsæ*
Every strap of bunting that could	-- years and , months Interment
be found was hauled out, and County to Invest $100,000.00 in at Shaw ville, Nov. ora. scarcely a house in town was lack-	Victory Bonds.
KZl1* """""	... C,mn,y Council of Pontine nt . ^VÏÏ 2% on
app
which Holy Communion was cele	_f*	Miss Fannie, of Shawville
bra ted } also a union, open-air, Church Services Resumed Sam, Herbert, Mrs. Wm. Pirie and
afternoon service of special inter- Service will be held in the Metho- Mrs. Wm. Ostrom, in the West; est, in which Rev. A. T. Phillips, diet Churches on the Clarendon Arthur of Ottawa. The funeral Anglican ; Rev. W. B McCalltiin, Circuit, on Sunday, the 17th ilist, took place on Saturday afternoon,
Presbyterian ; Rev. H. S. Cooke, a8 follows	Nov. 2nd, to St. Pauls Church
Methodist, and Rev. HL A. Watcli- Radford service at 10.30 a. m I cemetery, joi n, S. C. ot A. took part. t At	\0rnmn	11	••	2.80	u.	m.
this service Mr. Wra. Hodgins,	. Bristol	“	“	2.30	!>	m	The Angel of Death entered the
M. L. A., presided. At t p. m. a	yfl|.m	•*	•»	7^90	D‘	home of Mr. Wm. J. Smith,
thanksgiving seivice at St. lauls	(V ' p’D’Arcy, Sask., formerly of North
concluded the devotional features	n..o. vook, raster. Onslow, on Tuesday night, Oct.
of a day's proceedings long to be -	,	-- — . . = 22nd, at 8 o’clock and claimed their
Éh
fépeated.	Cards, announcement cards, birthday wounded mldier hi# address la:-
cards, etc.—Make some suajw of home No 291873 Pte. G. R Horner, life to send to the boys overseas, tin- _ c M R., R. Hut, 7th Bed, ishing for amateurs a specialty.	5th London Gen. St. Thomas’
Hospital, London, S., Eng.
FOUND—Between Shawville and Bristol a medium sized pocket book, containing a sum of money. Owner may have same by proving property and paying for this anyi- Apply to Bert McLarnon, Bristol.
Deaths


FOUND—On the Campbells Bay Bryson road, near Allan Carswell's, one automobile tire. Owner may have same by proving property and paying for this notice.
J as. Carswell, Dunraven.
Calumet Island.
a
i
,
we
FOR SALE —Two Oxfoiddown Ram Lambs. Apply to A If Armstrong. R. R. No. 3. Shawville.


n
FOR SALE-One Baby Carriage, C and Cradle. Apply to Mrs. N, C. S
Cutter
MITH.
THE VICTORY LOAN 1918

AS
Shawville
ENGINE FOR SALK.—A Stickney gasoline engine, 10 h. p., in perfect running order, at a bargain. Apply to J. A. Tuck. Bristol Corners.
She will pay us interest at 5* percent, on any amount we lend. She offers us Bonds backed by the Country itself, the highest security in the world, Bonds issued in convenient denominations of $50, $100, 6500 and $1,000 repayable in 5 or 15 years, as we may
desire.
John
FARM WANTED—Farm wanted with machinery. Would rent or buy on good ternis. Address M. Twa, 23 Cambridge Street. Ottawa.
Let us get right down to business, OUR OWN BUSINESS, AND HELP TO OVER SUBSCRIBE THE VICTORY LOAN 1918.
And let us do it NOW.

If you contemplate having some photographs made, corne early in the day, especially if its a family group, or children. The days being short, the hours for making pictures are limited. Fourteen photos to the dozen until
H. Imison, Artist.

/•<

Buy Victory Bonds
:
New Years







di
This space donated to the Victory Loan 1918 Campaign by




W. A. HODGINS

»;
4, en muteP******p
mouse heap of miscellaneous truck ¦¦well ablaze, shooting lurid
toward the
was
tongues of flame starry vault of heaven, the image of the deposed Hun ruler was pro-
jwled Into the foreground and it j January lht at bargain prices, too became fuel for the devouring!Saturday. Dovkk.

I
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551

We have 80 overcoats to clear before
Call

H. Imison



¦





###PAGE###2###
'
THIS WATCH FREE
Marking Small Farm Tooh
DUST, BACTERIA, BAD ODORS AND FLAVORS
FUNNY fOLD UPS
CUT CUT AND FOI» ON DOTTED LINES
FREE TO GIRL S
In a well equipped farm shop «mal! tools are certain to be displaced, plan for marking tools in order to make them conspicuous is needed. Some plans we have used may help to show what I mean. Such tools ae h»mmcr.i, hatchets, chisels, etc., which used outside of tho shop # great deal are identified by pointing them a bright red color. This color is easily distinguishable in the grass, making j a tool pointed with it conspicuous where it would be hardly seen if it were tho natural eteel.
The paint will also preserve the steel against rust and wood against decay. A moderately thick implement paint is U10 best for this pur-A small pint can will usuatiy
Big Doll and Doll Carriage
TO ANY BOY
TM» PI* lioll le 16 Inch»* tall, haul Jointed lea* and arms and natural heed, hand* and feet. The ! »oli tlaritaa* ham steel frame and wheel*, and the seat, back and h<*od are made leatherette. It te Ï4 Inches n1*h and ts uat the right site for th** Hi* noil.
Handling the Milk and Methods of Feeding Determine the Purity
of Dairy Products.


»
Dust, bacteria, bad odors and fla-1 drawn from the cow or in the process vow are four waste* 30 big that to-day of milking. The cow is not the guilty the dairy interests are dealing with part}, them as live issues, taking stops fori cow entirely free from bacteria, be their elimination on every farm; and j cause it is impossible to keep the teats already much prevention work has of the cow sterile; however, we can been accomplished on the better class keep them clean and reduce contamination from this source
1
r
arc

Milk does not come from the
v.

I


V
I
Just send us your rmnte and addream |and we will servi dW ) "U 80 Pack*«<•» of
Lu wvely emboh*e*«l
left Xmas Post t'uids to 6»*ll at 10 venta a package. When they ar« sold mend na the money and
$&
!
10
•>
of dairy farms In ev?ry bu
handled dust mean* direct lowering of of the cow afford ideal conditions for quality, if not actual spoiling. Dust- the bacteria to multiply and, the best lessnvss pay.». ( umlincse is next to we can do, the lower ducts of the profits. Dust inside a dairy barn or teats will contain considerable num-
faulty von- bers of bacteria. By using the first struct ion. \\ h n the tv >.?blc k, stud-; fvvx jets of in k to wash out the ducts ied, and when the cause is corrected[ tho milk that goes into the pail will the problem of reducing the amount be practically free from bacteria. If of sediment ami bacteria in milk will proper care is taken at this stage of be partially solved. The president of j production, the few bacteria which! tl one of the big city milk companies | get into the milk from this source recently said to the writer: “We place ;1re of but little consequence to the more stress upon the sediment test consumer, than upon the hart if milk is compara ment the numl
The ducts
where food is' df the teats and the body temperature
9
3
; i. I
Zz
4
wo wilt tend Doll, with all
you th*i char*»* pr»nald, and we will el#o •end you the Poll Or-harg
Hi*
Willi# 6UCH A NAUGHTY BOY. LOVE5 HI5 SISTER TO ANNOY DON'T YOU THINK THAT XU FEEL SILLY WHEN SHE FIND) IT) ONLY WILLIE -
poe*
cover the tools, but'it is well to clean
IhlSilsysK m, ga,~issssffs£,ssf. 'm: sat
saw &&ysasss3ss
the tools have soma identification vpu 40	u/¦h!V*V ia
marks on them they are much surer to	When wmid esnd us the money
conic home. A good plan is to take and *e wiH-sand you lue watch and *
Bjsh:• l p steel punch and by repea 1 ,evel ,,Bther 9 I tapping on a smooth surface the in;
; liais may be cut into the tool in a short timo on a whole kit of tools.
A single tap of a hammer on the ' Distribution of Seed Grain From the ! punch will make a dot deep enough to j Dominion Experimental Farms resist the wearing away of service an i	1918-19.
rust. It is seldom advisable to cut. instructions of the Hon. Minister
thç name or initials in the wood of Agriculture, a free distribution of handles because of Vie rough surface upei j()r Eortg o/ graiB wiI1 be mnd<
it leaves for the u indj.	during the coming winter and spring
I recall one t(xi! that turned up after lo (>nadjan f^mers
being gone for five years, the man The samples for distribution will finding It recognized the initials and
The return of that one
1
milk house of
if yo

flugis with< show your \ our friends and get
of them to ds and earn
Km» d U-* if an«l ad-
Doll to
m
Ivst three h^U our t ** r lift -« t-
vour
;

rf5s to-day an get >our T ! Doll Vsvrlwge ç
u
W®
Aldi'se
HOUEA-WÀHRRH
COMPANY Dept. 1SS. Toromto
HOMER-WARRKN ( d.
Dept. 800. Toronto. Oak
;t
a count, because
ely From ot j local diseases of the udder may give r of bacteria, as a rule
On the other band, vows that hit\
milk which at times is contaminated will not be excessive.** In ft broad wjth	the bacteria which cause this*
way the ceiling of the side walls and disea>»*. There is many a proof tfut	w^h	mud.	This	mud	dries quickly
overhead of the dairy stable and milk|guch	germ8 can i;N0 and pag8 {nto the;	aIltl	r™d V	^lls	into the milk pail.
Wise with lath and plaster or match-J_My	(lf t|lc UjlCr amj VRU<r the same	It ia one	of	the	most	objectionable
ed material will lead to the production d|svas(1 aa t|le cow wag afflicted with, farms of dirt because it quickly finds of cleaner milk. Bacteria are close- ^lds shows trs that tuberculosis of the il* way through the bottom of the ly related to dust when it comes to!U(|jer may readily pe transmitted to" strainer and settles in the pails, cans producing sanitary milk, and the same other animals. Milk from unhealthy «ml bottles. It is also loaded with care in stable mid milk house construe- cowa should never bo used by human dangerous bacterial life which have
tiv>n produces pleasant results. It beings, or to fco<l young stock on the a deleterious effect upon the milk and	Why Keep Accounts?
« $ttll irapoisihle to pntlt.ee a germ- f»™. No matter how well all other its products. Cow, that are plater-. A man „ Maniw>tva kepl «curateI returned ft
le<s milk—a few dust particles an<1, requirements are met, if the cows pro-, ed with thts kind of mud	accounts of his farm business. At too! paid for the time in marking a
bacteria enter the milk in such my-, during the milk ere not in good health1 therm,gh.y cleaned before they Hre en<j f y,	he adlkl, together! whole kit. There i, also . plan for
stenous ways that there will always *. fkiI.	; milked.	! the cash which he had on hand at the initialing tools with arid, but the
ilt-s	.....................
ment has reduced the amount of dust ;sour(.e of contamination. Unclean : that of old. sour strainer cloths which ,ubbtrarted hi, cash expenses during
this sort of tivng pays the incentive to djpt t}iat adheres to the hands and other milking. Ordinary wire strain-atV.i-h duet and bacteria becomes 1 dothes of the milker. Here is where ers are worse than none at all. They very direct and practical.	SUch diseases as typhoid, diphtheria are very difficult to keep clean and are
A few dairy farmers have become and scariet fever get into milk. Milk almost worthless for removing fine Interested in the fact that dutl and a3 it comes from the healthy cow does dirt and dust.—W. M. K. bacteria arc injurious to the health jBot contain these bacteria, of their cattle
ho
i*L


consist of spring wheat (about 5 lb.), white oats (about 4 lb.), barley (about f> lb ), and field p*#a (about 6 lb.). These v be ment o
free, by mail, from th? Ventral E mental farm Ottawa, by the Dominion Cerealist. who will furnish the necessary npi plication forms.
| Only one sample ran l*e aent. to each applicant
limited, farmers are advised to apply
Then he able. —J. L
As the supply of seed is
He ask
He found he was $8 short ed the bank to look up his cash bal-
It is seldom wise to pasture new very early
______B I.	,	,	.	seeding. It is especially unwise to	J. H. Grisda>,
ance again. They reported the same. do g0 tbjs yenr when growth is slow Director. Dominion Experimental amount the second time.	j owjng to drv weather.	1	Farms
IU took his farm account-book into! (-,3,rrole8 mu1 other pottery
the bank next t,me he went to town	^ ^ p,afe(, ,n a, ..You cln-t buy a home. A man
and found that a cream c c, o is yery bot oven or on a hot stove with- ! buys a house—but only a woman can
*¦1111**
—a-
He. thv cows secrete health, milk i,ltou u,U‘»"er they have been h <>r ^her satisfactory roughage is ing the books, or taking the inventory ed "a stroke” means that there is die-
¦ssïeiSÎ ” \	.'i Azs-Jtz: s'ÆziÆCcz r ; rs&«*»	svsn..»-> — <« - ——»
that cause ropy, colored and slimy; h tQ keep	from	shrinking	reasons why men on farms should , may be very brittle. When paralysis Ration and hard work, and froir
milk are frequently in well-water that wci ,bt at any time between breeding keep accounts. The main one is to occurs one or more arteries in the everything which has a tendency t< is used in washing dairy utensils. ! ,md lambing seasons. The careful have a definite method of studying brain has been broken, the blood has ***** the Mood pressure. By such t Cooling the milk immediately after| ghcnherd wm	weU repaid for the business with the idea of making forced its way into the brain some- mode of life one may often continue
it id drawn from the cow will retard h|g trouble of seeing to it that the I it more profitable. If farmers werewhat like water soaking into a sponge an<1 do useful work for many year* the development of bacteria and the eweg receive efficient feed at this j to produce wheat or other farm pro- and the pressure of this effused blood otter the first attack. One of th< more the temperature is lowered the t-me of thc ,ear	| ducts without a profit, soon agricul-, injures or destroys the nerve centres greatest and most useful men wht
more the bacterial growth will be re-j sh ar€ 0fte,i pastured even into lure would suffer.	jin the brain by which motion and sen- ever lived was Pasteur, when he wm
tarded. Milk that is promptly re- eftrj willtcr and they are all right A secoml reason for accounts and sation in the paralyzed parts are con- between 40 and HO he had duced in temperature to forty degrees her* jf th rea|jy gct enougli food, farm records is that they improve a trolled. The paralysis in most cases «troke which made him comp ete!)
K. and held at that temperature until B jt the frogtvd * gras8 sometimes man's credit. If a farmer can show, is on the opposite siefe of the body helpless on one side and he never com ready for use will keep for a long w tjJ them Cti*8jng them to look full' from carefully kept records that the from that on which the accident in the pletely overcame the paralysis, but hi time. When the milk is shipped to j . eaUy doilig well when they money he wishes to borrow is to be brain takes place. The reason of this )»ved for thirty years afterward lay the city the trouble is invariably with ^ actually hungry and losing flesh used for a purpose that will increase is that the fibres proceeding from the ,n* broad and deep foundations foi the morning's milk, which goes into . ^ at the time rficn they shoùld be the profits of the farm, then he will be brain to the spinal cord, along which the science of bacteriology, savins the cans without being properly cool- J ~ thrifty to insure a* maximum able to get a loan more readily and on impulses pass to and fro like the mes- to France her silkworms, her vinega-In the fresh milk Uie bacterial .]d of lambs thc following spring, better terms.	| ***** along telegraph wires, cross : industry, her sheep and cattle, discov
growth soon exceeds that in the older ^ fcw umpking scattered in thc pas- A third reason for accounts is that from one side to the other at the June-	the means .or treating hydro
milk that has been properly cooled. ^ QaU (,nce a (lay or some other they often are thc means of agreeably tion of tho brain with the spinal cord phobia and doing many other thing. Cooling the milk does not kill any of ^,ldi^onal fecd to sbort late autumn settling disputes or misunderstand- so" that if there is paralysis on the which made him one of the greatest the disease-producing bacteria or the ‘ ture will o#ten give much greater ings that otherwise might occur be-. left side of the body we may be pretty benefactor? the world has ever had. lactic acid bacteria, so that it cannot returng tl)an ^ ^me t,xtra food at tween parties who deal with one an- sure there is injury to the brain on take the place of cleanliness in the other time of the year.	other and who never keep any record the right side. When the loss of
production ot milk. All of the bac-	__ 0f their business transactions.	: blood is great and the consequent in-j A. V. R.—1. When a person has i
teria present in cold milk become ac-	A fourth reason, and not the least jury to the nerve centres in the brain nervous breakdown, does he some
rive as soon as the temperature con-	important, is that a man owes it to great the injured person may die in a times imagine that he hears voices?
dirions become favorable. < ’lean’i- Z	his family to make use of every means few hours or even in an hour. If; 2. After the nervousness has passed %
ness is of first importance, cooling is	Jg \7%/J!JLjl M * *	possible to detect and prevent leaks in however the loss of blood is small and away, will he sometimes continue t<
uext	.	the farm business, and thus make the 8 clot is quickly formed within the hear voices?
Dairymen frequently experience S.i!;ng at wnolesa.e and buying Pt £ftrm intame sufficient for the sup- brain, the opening in the broken art- Answer—1. Such a condition «a you » considerable difficulty in the work of retail is one of the sure methods or ^	family and the education cry is closed by it and the bleeding refer to. is very apt to be an accom
tracing the source of an unnatural reducing poultry profits, borne po d- ^ bjg children.	stops. The clot then begins to con- paniment of mental disease, and il
odor or flavor in milk. In such cases try-men purchase eed at the city feed	-*- tract, gradually relieving the pressure you arc suffering from it, I should ad
it is first necessary to determine store arid wholesale their eggs to the ^|cc pudding makes a nice dessert °n the brain and if the brain has not vise you to undergo an examination whether or not such an odor or flavor grocery num. Others buy as much of fof guuday ond can be made on Sat- been destroyed to a very great ex- by an alienist, is present when the milk leaves the their feed as possible from farmers urdHy	j tent the injured person may gradually
cow or develops later. If any parti- in the fall and sell their eggs to con-cuUr cow is giving milk which is sumers who can afford top notch tainted it is not due to bacteria, but prices for high-class goods. The second class of producers usually find that poultry can be made to return u profit.
A poultry authority recently stilted that buttermilk warn worth five cents per quart to him in producing c?g&
He was purchasing it at a price of twenty cents for ten gallons. Many farm poultry owners would make more from eggs if they were able to obtain a reliable supply of buttermilk at a fair price.
It is said that the success in specialized fanning depends more upon the selling ability than the producing ability
falls in that classification tra five or ten cents per dozen paid for eggs because they are of fine quality may mean success when the commonly received market price Would barely pay expenses.
They
*ny prevent t v cnme from the outside after the milk
measures were introduced
In a lit
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
it? Andrew P Comer, M O.
Or. Carrier will answer all signed letters pretelnlag to Health. If yomi (gestion te of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; M cot. It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is efr rioted. Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual esses or make diagnosla Address Dr. Andrew V Currier, care of Wlfioo Publishing Co. 73 Adelaide 61 West, Toronta
body would l>e wise enough to teb when another break would occur anymore than one can tell when another break is going to occur in a water-pipe or gas pipe that has become old and diseased and has already burs ted once or oftener
person with diseased arteries can du The i* to lead a very quiet simple life, free
E
The only thing a
?
?
»
?
?
POULTRY, EGGS end FEATHERS
WANTED
?
?
Highest Prices Paid
Prompt Returns—No Commission
P. POULIN & co.
%»
89 Boaasooars Market
Montreal
a seven
POULTRY
of all kinds.
Better quality preferred. Write for prices.
STANFORD'S, Limited
128 Mansfield St.
e<!
Montreal
Oliver Spanner & Co.
26 ELM ST., TORONTO
Questions and Answer^
TAXIDERMISTS
<1
TO PARTICULAR PEOPLE
Send for Illustrated Booklet Artificial Eyes and Supplies.
RAW FURS WANTED
t
-	, - n Latest Price List
Send For Our and Shipping Tags
?
2. As long as you continue to beat Aprons, both of the attractive and I regain more or less complete use of voices to which you refer, it i? fair to
are becoming §n , the paralyzed parts. But, of course, assume that you u
j the arteries remain diseased and no- from mental disease
?
y
TRMsmfE
are still suffering
serviceable sort •actual fashion.

?
to other causes.
If the milk from any number of vows shows thc taint the feed or something else which tho cattle have found in the pasture is thc cause. Carrots, turnips, wild onions, ragweeds, cabbages, off-quality grains and other trongly flavored substances will cause
Certain food stuffs for w.vi not ordinarily considered likely A produce bad-tasting milk will at
laae* do to
thotfght to have been caused by something in the ration a change will frequently remove the trouble.
Cows that are kept in the pasture will keep reasonably clean, however, if the pasture is eo situated that the have access to muddy pools or stagnant ponds they will often stand in the water up to their knee#, fight-flies snd plastering themselves
Complete School Sct-24 Pieces


Market Reports Supply Catabf,
Came Lew?
T rfr,#rtGuide h
Shipping Toy	I
F^This Is going to be one of the biggest 1 years for t r ippera and fur shipper a ever known. More fare needed —fewer men to trap. Get ready early for big money.
Look over your traps and supplies now. Get oitr FRF.E ROOK—Supply Catalog. (Same Law? an I Tripping Se*, rets—, II three ir.onebook.SI iws furein natu a!cob m
LaJ-----'-7l\
SJ <ü§r/
\\\\
FREE
FOR
FREE TO BOYS AND UIRLS
full
This outfit contains:
1 English School Rag.
1 Japanese Pencil Box,	,
1 Special Drawing Pencil,
1 Com r asa.
I Rubber Tipped Lead Penclla
1	Metal Cased Lead Penclla
2	Pen Holder
! milk
3 Pen Pornta 1 Box Creyvn» (12 color»>
lore)
1 E rarer.
1 Dux Paint» (6 1 Peint Dru*h.
If
Where the flavor is
¦ trlotlu Blotter», arkagse Union Jack FIs that you can put the
...	.	¦	¦	¦	¦ erhcçl boeke. letters, etc
z*.wU), *lTe you this whole 24 piece School Outfit froe of all charge if you will sell Just 30 packages of our lovely embossed Xmas Post Cards at 10 cents a package (six lovely cards In each package). /
Send us your name and we will send you tho cards to sell. When cold send us the money and we will su*d you the whole outfit. Address:
; sM.-kcr* so
ag on your
fl

t
The egg business probably
Ar. ex-

etc Write today - sunt
&
47 /SR25UKtfiSS
St. Louis,Me.
vow
F
HOMER-WARREN CO.
Dept. 198, TORONTO.
x
###PAGE###3###











For Autumn Days
6
H
I
A

A

u
:
r
Ma» be»n Canada'# favorite yeast for over a quarter of * century. Bread baked with Royal Voaat will keep fresh and molet longer than that made with any other, so that a full week's supply can easily be made at one baking, and the last loaf will be Just •• good as the first
MADE IN CANADA


i SMMs

n~
m.
h
Oui
F-yr.
WIIAT SOLDIERS WANT,

^jWcomviT P*i
....	'. .rj E.WCILLETT COMPANY LIMITED


f if


A Suggestion 1<> tîiôsô-v/ho are sending gifts to » soldicîs overseas cornas from LL*Col. (Canon! Frederick Ceorge Scott, Senior Chaplain of the First Division, In a cable received by friends in Montreal. He says uTh<s jnen want playing cards and chewing tobacco.11
I
CHEW
X
%
à
Ail*
WINNIPEG TORONTO. ONT. MVNT*PUU,
11«
n«
V

Kt

Hy
7 r
C'ily Workers Help.
Shortage of farm labor in the Kate-
Broke the Silence.
rt
/
m
V*
Occasionally it has l>een known, within a thousand or two thousand van district of Saskatchewan led to •<: i of the front, in the early hours I thrr formation of an energetic com-of the morning, for complete silence mittce to look after the supply of to supervene for n few minutes.
O.i xuch an occasion the veteran of Applications for assistance were re-Mon * w:'* enjoying the change when ceived and owners of cars who had companion, while reaching format-1 volunteered for the purpose organized ches, inadvertently knocked down his and drove out gang f men to the mess-tin.
ly followed by a burst of artillery an hour, fire.	i
Mr "
rt«
X

A
lU»y
0HA
V»>

590
TOBACCO
X>
T
i
I labor necessary to save the crops.
\

s*

The clatter was immediate- fields. Wagea were set at 30 cents


The veteran, disappointed at having Mlnurd'e Liniment Ctireo G arret In Cows the i irahle s’lenee cut short, exclaimed: “There you are, clumsy, you- Where there is no thrift there can Vc gone and started the whole bloom- be no lasting greatness. No man int war again!”	ever becomes a really great man un-
less ho is thrifty.
become great or sustain its greatness unless at the very foundation lies the thrift of the people.
WORLD’S BIGGEST
FUR AUCTION
while leaving port many skippers
would turn back and delay sailing
omen
NEW USES FUR ZINC
former uses of zinc have hail to be	their wive8 aml families, con-
srr :r.»
known that zinc makes not only»	ronS(iquenceg. Similar mls-
frigerator ^hân' galvanized iron, but ^unea wUWe.ult Jr.m ta mg ^
r.i"’nsu» st-ss-.. »,
##=wmm
ths scarcity of steel continue*.	•	____^------
Zinc for numerous small articles, nWTIf OF BRITAIN’S FLEET $6,004,000, or an average of more than such ns shocyand corset eyelets, lace	_	$1,000,000 daily.
tips, show clips and metal buttons,	Tonnage and Its Personnel is The week also-saw the purchase by
Is in every way as satisfactory as •	?	TimvH |>eace Footing. the fur men of Liberty bonds to the
brass and materially less expensive. 1>e0 y	amount of $2.500,000, and generous
The enamelling of zinc sc Ans to offer Figures made public on the growth donatlong to the Red Cross, Knights no	insurmountable	difficulty;	there	of the British Navy during the war	of Columbus- Jewish Welfare and
la g00d	reason	to believe that	it can	show that the fleet, including auxin-	war relief funds. In addition,
be ns beautifully and durably finish- aries, increased from 2,600,000 tons transactions among the buyers totaled
Cornices, ceil-1	displacement to 6,600,000 tons, and	more than $2,000,000 and it Is esti-
the personnel from 146,000 to 400,000.	matod that more than $10,000,000 was
Since the outbreak of the war 21,- involved in the week's trading.
600,000 soldiers have been transported Sixty-four kinds of fur. known to by sea, of which 4,391 were lost. For dealers from every part of the world, the requirements of the British naval were u8ted in the 350-page catalogue and military forces more than 86,- of the sale. They comprised more than 000,000 tons of stores were trans- 3,500,000 pelts, divided into 110,000 shipped, while more than 24,000,000 j0ts for the convenience of buyers, tons were taken overseas for Great Every state in the Union, every pro-Britain’s allies. Transportation also vlnce in Canada, and twenty-five provided for 2,000,000 animals. foreign countries contributed to the The organization of convoys, due catalogue. Each pelt had to he checked. entered, graded and catalogued. St Lofiis gradings and lottings are quoted and accepted as standard wherever furs are bought and sold.
© M‘-r*u
No nation can
*•
V
LEMONS MAKE SKIN
' • *3
WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR
IN SIX DAYS THE TOTAL SALES
WERE $6,004,000.

If it were just to have this belt slipping through in this novel fashion, one would make this simple attractive
<,reif1 McCall Pattern No. 8561,| what girl or woman hasn’t heard of Ladies Drees. In 6 sizes, 34 to 44 icmon juice to remove complexion
bust. Price, 25 cents.	blemishes: to whiten the skin and to Weli. equipped newspaper
bring out the roses, the freshness and rf0nd i^uran^1 îîrMeY* $LCOO^'xvllI
the hidden beauty? Bill lemon Juice rn for 11.200 on nulck male. Bo*
W1!aon Publishing Co. Ltd.. Toronto.
Make this beauty lotion for a few cents and see for yourself.
G
ENBRAL BLACKSMITH. REID Bros., Hothwell Ont
3,500,000 Pelts Bring Record Prices With Buyers From Twenty-seven Countries.
FOR BALE
What buyers who attended say was
the largest fur sale the world has ever known, both aa to quantity of furs sold
and the financial results has just ended at the International Fur Exchange, 116 South Second Street, St. Louis, ly the six days It lasted sales totaled
alone is acid, therefore irritating, and_
should he mixed with orchard white WEEKLY NEWSPAPER Fun sale
this way. Strain through a fine cloth yrarc^n win •eïl'Ÿ^OOO°*VVor th °doubîî the juice of two fresh lemons into a that amount. Apply J. H.. co wiieoe bottle containing about three ounces PwWlehin* Co. Limited. Toronto.
of orchard white, then shake well and you have a whole quarter pint of skin and complexion lotion at about the cost one usually pays for a small jar of ordinary cold cream. I3e sure to strain the lernon juice so no pulp gets into the bottle, then tills lotion will re

STORM WIRDOWS FOB BALE
T
r OUR PRICE LIST SHOWING •ost of windows ghuted complete, any Fixe. IZalllduy Company.	U61,
Hamilton
£ 1 .r'
V <
___MISCELLANEOUS_
ç\ anger, tumors, lumps, etc..
main pure and fresh for months, ^ut ‘pafn^y oar*Write
r.n	&.*«»•»	^
bleach, clear, smoothen and beautify
V

<

K
m
ed as other metals.
and other fancy " sheet .work,
the skin.
Any druggist will supply three ounces of orchard white at very little cost and the grocer has the lemons.
A Cure for
heretofore made of copper and steel, could as readily be made of zinc with the same advantage as to cost ts in the case of roofing.
Trench mirrors of polished zinc ire wartime articles. If zinc can he polished in time of war, why not polish it in time of peace and turn the article so made to some advantage? Reflectors for automobile lamps, learchlights, etc., are suggestions
along this line.
Telephone and telegraph wires made by twisting two strands together helically—one of iron or steel to give tensile strength and one of sine to give conductivity—may be used to supplant copper wire.
Zinc of certain physical characteristics can be spun for ornamentation and fixture work. In this age of the automobile and the tractor, this field could be made to require a big tonnage of zinc.
/
© McCall
Bad Breath
i
“Bad breath U a sign of decayed teeth, foul stomach or unclean bowel.” If your teeth are good, look to your digestive organa at once. Get Seigel’s Curative Syrnp jK at druggists. 15 to 30 drops V after meals, clean up your food g passage and atop tho bad breath U odor. 50c. and $1.00 Bottles. S Do not buy substitutes. Get Q the genuine.
Absent Hearts.
There are absent hearts more lonely Than this aching heart of thine; There are struggling souls more storm-tossed
Than this questioning soul of thine.
There arc kindly people near thee, Who crave a friendly smile;
Go, give thyself, and thus forget Thine own small griefs awhile. •
A

>
9

s
was
to German submarine warfare, has been an important part of the work of the British Navy since March, 1917, from which time there have been 65,929 sailings, with the losses numbering only a few hundred vessels.
6

M
r
SATISFYING RELIEF FROM LUMBAGO
The vest effect, together with the All Fur# In Demand.	unique braid trimming, makes this a
The demand for all kinds of furs was charming and desirable frock. Mc-unprecede»ted during the entire week, Gall Pattern No. 8024, Ladies Coat a demand that was voiced by dealers Dress. In 0 sizes, 34 to 44 bust, from all parts of the world and from Price, 25 cent.*. Transfer Design No. every class of trade and many varie- 926. Price, 20 cents, ties sold for record prices. Muskrat, a These patterns may be obtained fur that sold a few years ago for a few from your local Mc( a'd dealer, or cents a pelt,sold as high as $2.25,while from the McCall Co., i0 Bond St., a record price of $11 for skunk was Toronto, Dept. W. reached. Another fur that sold higher than ever before was lynx, the record skin bringing $85. It was later sold for the benefit of the Red Cross and brought $1,250. Fisher sold as high as $102 and marten at a top prlco of $81.
Buyers and brokers say the record prices made in all but two or three of the furs may not stand long. They look for prices to increase rather than to diminish. The labor situation was
MiBard’s Liniment Cures Cold». *e.
“Bonnie Annie Laurie.’*
Annie Laurie was no myth. Over 200 years ago Sir Robert Laurie of Dumfrieshire, wrote these quaint words in his family register: “At the pleasure of Almighty God, my daughter, Annie Laurie, was born on the 16th day of December, 1682. ' Mr. William Douglas, who wrote the song to celebrate the wondrous beauty of this maid, wooed, but did not win the far-famed Annie. Instead, she preferred a richer suitor, Mr. Alexander
Annie died in 1764, but
The Canadian Victory Bond.
I guard the green of the forest slope, And the wealth of the northern mine,
The precious gold of the prairie wheat
And the treasure of tree and vine.
1
t
I guard the Creum of the pioneer, That he dreamed in the wilderness, I guard his helpmeet’s toil and care, And her courage and faithfulness.
4
Î am the strength of the workman’s arm,
And the force of the scholar’s brain, I am the mother’s broken prayer,
As she weeps for her gallant slain.
Ï am the speed of the aeroplane,
As it darts through the star-lit night,
And I am the roar of the mighty guns As they guard the men who fight.
I am the light of the scarlet cross, Al it gleams o’er the blood-stained sod,
And I am the soldier’s glittering steel That is keen with the wrath of God.
I am Canadian faith and truth,
The word of her loyal sons.
Who holds me back is a dastard born, In league with the jChristless Huns.
| mmmmarnmrn #	—	¦	¦	••
Difficulties Airmen Have to Face.
The statement on l>ehalf of the British Air Ministry that aviators are
Sloan’s Liniment has the punch that relieves rheumatic twinges
This warmth giving, congestion,-scattering circulation-stimulating remedy penetrates without rubbing right to the aching spot and brings quick relief, surely, cleanly. A wonderful help for external pains, strains, stiffness, headache, bruises.
Get your bottle today—costs little, means much. Ask your druggist for it by name. Keep it handy for tins whole family. Made in Canada. The big bottle is economy.
SAILORS’ SUPERSTITIONS
Signs and Omens Influenced OldTime Fishermen.
All seafaring men are superstitious, but none is so completely under this Influence as the old deep-sea fisherman. He believes in “signs” and omens of all kinds. Nothing would Induce a skipper of the old school to sail on a Friday. One intrepid unbeliever who dared to leave the docks at Grimsby on Good Friday was hooted through the lock-gates by the
scandalized populace.
If a man’s hat blew overboard
4
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
sprains, lumbago,
Ferguson, her name, no doubt, will be passed
down to many more ages, by means of the immortal ballad by Douglas.
How to loosen a-tender corn or callus to It lifts out without pain.


MONEY ORDERS.
Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In flvo thousand offices through-
Let folks step on your feet hereafter; wear shoes a size smaller if you like, for corns will never again send electric sparks of pain through you, out Canada.
according to this Cincinnati authority He says that a few drops of a drug

expected to hold prices down a bit, but evidently manufacturera muet have settled the labor question more or less to their own satisfaction before coming to St. Louis, for the manufacturers were well and ably represented large and important orders. Most of called freezone, applied directly upon
them are far too busy in their fac- a tender, aching corn, instant y ie-
lieves soreness, and Boon the entire
*
trs
_ r
I
Hills Pain
Germany must become a modern democratic state if peace is to reign in the world.
a

mira

tories at this juncture to journey west-	....	...	.
ward, but the local brokers took good corn, root and all, lifts right out. |
care of their wants in all respects.	This drug dries at once and simply
The Ontario Government is invest ing half a million dollars in feed con-
vssztti rs j	i SlrEHEffE
the St. Louis market. Whether It were ^ small bottle of freezone obtained g^^dard feed will be manufactured the market that made the broker, or	nt auy drug store will coat very little an<1 soW	tbroug.h	millers at	IM.BO	per
vice versa, were negligible. Sufficient	but will positively remove every hard	for	dai	feej	M(1	$57	for	hog
It Is to know that where the blg^mar- or aoft corn or callus from one's foot, ket Is there the big brokers gather ,f your druggist hasn't stocked this .
together.	new drug yet, tell him to get a small
The next sales are announced for	bott,e of freezone for you from his
January 27, April 28 and September 16. wUole8ale drug bouse.
1919.

r*
lift!
town nstw :



1:

% -
For The
#

w , — •* ••
IV

feed, in car lots.

POSTUM


KEEP row SHOTS MAT
forbidden to fly lower than 1,000 feet 1 above towns suggests that the margin .
Slllili
chine, and an altitude of 1,000 feet nothing, gives him a choice over an area of barely three square miles, or a horizontal distance from the point vertically beneath where his engine failed
of less than a mile.
-At 2,000 feet the area is increased
to rather more than 12 mile

Combatting the Cut Worm.
“The destructiveness of the cut has not been so evident for
The Soap to Cleanse and Purify The Ointment to Soothe and Hen
brings cheer and comfort
to many a
person who wants his tea or coffee but doesn't: drink it because
he knows these drinks hurt him. Y
" There's a Reason"
for

worm
years,” declares Mr. F. Abraham,! Chairman of the Home Gardens and Vacant Lot Section of the Canada Food Board. “An early season to come extent minimized the loss from this pest. If after all eggs are laid, the ground is well broken up ploughed, 95 per cent, of the larvae will be destroyed. * I strongly advise,” he added, “that every available foot of town land be ploughed this
fall.”
s»il
These fragrant, super-creamy emollients stop itching, clear the skin of pimples, blotches, redness and roughness, thesealpof itching and dandruff, and the hands of chaps and sores. In purity, delicate medication, refreshing fragrance, convenience and economy, Cuti cura Soap and Ointment meet with the approval of the most discriminating. Ideal for every-day toilet uses.
rsss'yrfc augft ttrut&SL



sH25
i loums
¦(¦t uVPAsrhs
K wmiE ian.uaru mown
UU OX-BLOOIJ §ilUhS.
PRESERVE the LE Ai HER
'ÎHL f-'l.tSlfcy,
Mlnard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen,—I have used MINARD’8 LINIMENT on my vessel and in my family for years, and for the every day too much in the case of towns of any |1Ia an<j accidents of life I consider it
is
of making a bad landing In cloudy
weather, especially when, as often GUt lt |& cost a dollar a bottle, happens, the clouds are less than 5,000 feet above the ground. At that altitude an airman forced to land would have a choice over about 70 square miles, which is considered about the minimum for safety.
•or

none
has no equal
I would not start on a voyage with-
Mlnard’e Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
“Nurse,” moaned the convalescent, “can’t I hate something to eat? Vm starving.” "Yes, you start taking solids to-day, but you must begin slowly,” she snid. Then she held out a teaspoonful of tapioca. He sucked the spoon dry and begged for ond spoonful, but she shook her head, ity of Presently he summoned her again. “Nurse,” he gasped, “bring me & pos tsge stamp. i4I want to read
CAPT. F. R. DES JARDIN. Schr ' 8torke," 8L Andro, Kamouraska




<


UA
PAIN EXTERMINATOR
1

Comm eel mush needs very thor ough cooking.
“Harmony of-aim, not i conclusion, is the secret of tho sym pathetic life.” —John Morley.

DON’T SUFFER PAIN —BUY HIRST’S!
REVEDY CO.. I LmlHoa. Canada. _
Whenever there is destruction of property thrift must replace it. Waste is waste, and cannot l>e recovered.
a sec-
y



POSTUM


Harvest sunflowers before tfie seeds
Place the heads in

are fully ripe, a loft to dry.

Tl
ISSUE No .43









###PAGE###4###
1 higg, and Joseph Gilpin, forming a
quorum.
In the absence of the Warden councillors Ward and ltveman moved that Councillor Rimer take the chair.— ( arried unanimously.
Councillor Rimer took the chair, when it was moved by conns. Dagg and Burden that the council adjourn for one hour.—( ’arried.
Council adjourned at 10.45 a. m. and resumed its sitting at 11.45 a. ni. with the same members present and also the Warden, W. R. McDonald, and councillors Richard Kennedy, Christopher Jennings, Michael Dunn and William Sharpe (pro mayor of Mansfield, &c.) forming a quorum, the Warden presiding.
Councillor Shaqa? subscribed to his oath of office
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, NOV. It. 1918.
Over I
As a matter of business, what
do you think of the plan?
The most titanic military struggle of all ages vaine to an end at eleven o'clock on Monday morning French time.
Events of tremendous significance have rapidly succeeded each other during the past ten days.
This is the reason for selling Victory Bonds. .	f
Can anyone deny the sound business sense of this plan of protecting our valuable market ?
From the standpoint of the man who lends, what better security could he get for his money ? Where else could he get a five and a half per cent, return on such security? Where would he find an investment to pay interest so regularly and with so little trouble to the lender? Certainly Canadians have an opportunity to benefit very directly from this borrowing plan. -
And the money Canada borrows is
You are a farmer.
Canada is a farming country.
Canada grows more food than the people of Canada need.
To prosper she must sell that surplus food.
Great Britain is our best customer for grain, pork, beef, cheese and other farm products.
Every practical man must see how important it is to hold the British trade. Canada wants not only the profit on this trade, she wishes to create a goodwill in Britain towards Canadian products and thus assure our export business for the future.
At the moment Great Britain asks for credit, asks Canada to sell her the products of the farm, “on time.” To hold her trade, it is necessary to give
this credit.
This takes capital—immense capital. For Britain’s purchases from Canada are huge, and these purchases must~be paid for in cash.
In these times, it is not easy even for a nation as wealthy as Canada to procure money. Certainly, no other country can lend us money. The only way now open for Canada to secure money is to borrow from the people of Canada.
Kingdoms have been rent and torn asunder and proud monarch# have toppled from their thrones and crumbled into the original clay of which they were composed.
The tyrannous House of Hohenzol-1 journ till one o’clock this afternoon
t ’arried.
U
Moved by couns. Paul McNally and Joseph Gilpin that this council do ad
In in has Urn abased, and its blaspht
Council rcsumcil its, sittings at one o’clock in the atternoon, same members present.
mous head, the Kaiser, is a fugitive in Holland, pursued by that justice which sooner or later will overtake him.
The Sec.-Treas. read the request for The almost simultaneous collapse of I the convocation ot the special session Turkey and Austria coupled with the	by the mayors of Leslie and
:...;r....*“ “T SS^ItiS^TSS
in France, hi ought the Hun to his notice of the place, date, hour and busi-selist's, and at six o’clock on Moutlay ness of the present sjrcial session had
(French time) the German | been carved by him on each and ever)
member of the County Council by registered letter mailed on the 26th October last.
\ summary of these terms, given be-1 Moved by conn. James Ward, second
shows their sweeping character, Vj! ^	Joseph Gilpin, that the
>> arden and the Secretary-1 reasurer be
authorised to immediately sign a cheque antees and safeguards which the Allied 0n behalf of the Municqial Council of
Generalissimo has exacted.	the County of Pontiac for an amount of
The venomous claws of the Leopard one hundred thousand dollars, payable
to the credit of the Minister of Finance, Ottawa, addressed to the Rank of Ottawa at its head office, Ottawa, for the After all, the plans of the Great Ar-1 purpose of buying therewith one limi-
hit er of Nations have not miscarried. I (/rt^	^ ®naiJA ' i(,t°ry Loan,
1918, due m 1933, of a denomination of
one thousamd dollars each, the form of
the xud 1mmils to be fully Registered
ok Chief Terms of the I bonds, with interest juiyable by cheque,
said bonds to be so registered in the name of the Municipal Council of the
niornin
delegates signed the terms of the armis tice laid down by General Fovh.
low
part of it for the very crops the farmer has to sell.
Therefore, if the Victory Loan is a success, business in Canada must be
and the substantial nature of the guar
have been extracted, and his power to do further evil is gone.
good, the nation must prosper and so be able to carry on a vigorous war
effort in France and Flanders.
As a practical man you must approve of the Victory Loan plan.
Then help it along. Put your own money into Victory Bonds; urge your friends to buy; work hard among your loyal neighbors to make the Victory Loan 1918 an overwhelming success.
God bo praised
M IIMARY
\R M1STICE
Washington, Nov. 11.—The strictly [County of Pontiac
military tenus of the armistice are em braced in eleven specifications which in-1 McNally, seconded by conn. Duncan elude the evacuation of all invaded ter Campbell, that the Warden and Secre-ritories, the withdrawal of the German t ary-Treasurer lie and they are hereby troops from the left bank of the Rhine appointed by this council to interview and the surrender of all supplies of war. the authorities of the Bank of Ottawa, It ' i :to-day armistice with option to (and if satisfactory arrangements can be
effected they are then authorized to The terms also provide for the a ban-1 withdraw the sum of £100,000,00 and donment by Germany of the treaties of invest the same in fully registered Hue ha i	and Brest Litovsk. ,	| Victor) Bunds for and (to behalf of this
council.
Moved in amendment by coun. Paul
extend
Buy VICTORY BONDS
The naval terms provide for the surrender of 160 submarines, 50 destroyers,
6 battle cruisers, 10 battleships, 8 light McNally, Campbell, Burden, l cruisers and other miscellaneous ships. | Nolly. I hum and Rimer. &
Against the amendment Conn
Sharpe, Kennedy, Jennings, Beeman, Gilpin, Dagg and Ward—7.
The amendment was declared lost. For the main motion Conns Ward, Gilpin, Sharpe, Kennedy, Jennings, 1W-man and Dagg—7.
Against the main motion :—(Awns P. McNally, CampUdl, Burden, C. McNally, Dunn and Rimer—6.
The main motion was declared carted.
Moved by coun. P. McNally, sect led The immediate repatriation of all by coun. Dagg, that this council d Allied and American prisoners, without | adjourn.- Carried, reciprocal action by the Allies, also is included.
For the amendment Councillors P
Me
alt you can pay _for In cash and all you can carry on Instalments,
All Allied vessels in German hands are to lie surrendered and Germany is to notify neutrals that they are free to trade at once on the seas with the Allied countries.
Issued by Canada’s Victory Loan Committee in co-operation with the Minister of Finance of the Dominion of Canada.
147
Among the financial terms included arc restitution for damage done by the German armies ; restitution of the cash taken from the National Bank of Belgium and return of gold taken from Russia and Rumania.
Pontiac Wool Growers" and Sheep Breeders’ Co-operative Agricultural
Association, Limited
The Association is now in a position to handle your
Potatoes, Crain, and all kinds of Farm Produce.
QVERCOATS !
ow
OVERCOATS !
H. T. Hr Roman,
Sec.-Trcas. Co. Pontiac Bryson, Quo., 7th Nov. 1918.
We have just opened up a number of up-to-date Overcoats which will make those who wear them feel dressed. Why not come in and try them on and see ?
Stores of fo<h! of all kinds for the civil imputation, cattle, etc., shall be left in situ. Industrial establishments shall nut be impaired in any way and their personnel shall not be moved.
Roads and means of communication of A recent number of Thk Equity every kind, railroads, waterways, main	to . . n*	,.°V two IK) ta toes which
roads, bridges, telegraphs, telephones,	"e|friu‘l*	lbs. 10 oz. That was
shall be in no manner impaired.	good. \ e had two large ones also
....	.,	.	.	... this season, smooth and well-
Belgium, France, Luxemburg and Al- Lhaped; which weighed two lbs I either
.sace-Lorrame are to be evacuated by the	each. A	young week-end visitor.	_	XT	TTZXTN„T.T.,
enemy within 14 days. Allies will oc-	well known in Shaw ville, took one | W. E.	N.	HODGINb,
cupy territory as it is evacuated.	of them with him on his return to
Repatriation of all inhabitants of fore-1 f.*ie	After the staff of the
going countries within 14 days.	firm where he is employed had I
immediate surrender of s.ooo field	^ Elevator open every Wednesday until fur
and heavy guns, 30,000 machine guns, ^ympwTmln lying on a side ther notice.
3,000 mmenwerfer, 2,000 airplanes. | t«blp, quickly fltte.I the ix.tato Evacuation of whole left bank of the I into the crown, fastening it seen re-Rhine, with neutral zone on right hank, ly with the hat-pin, left it as in-Allies to hold principal Rhine crossings. | nocent looking as before
leaving the woman Was seen to smile as she carried it off with her.
Hon. T. W. Crothers, who has been May she still be among those able
Minister of Labor since the accession of I to smile in these troublous times.
— Com. Nov. 1.
MARYLAND
It will be to your advantage to give us a trial. See
FELT HATS
Or C. H. HODGE,
SEC. TREAS
A good range of fashionable Felt Hats in the latest colors and shapes;
MANAGER
MURRAY BROS

THE TAILORS
SHAWVILLE.
On
!
the Borden ministry in 1911, has re signed from the fashion, and Hon
Senator RM*Ttson has been chosen t<* | CANADIAN ARMY AND
succeed him
Our Branch Store at Bristol is now open
With a geneial line of Merchandise
at Popular Prices
W e will be glad to see our old customers as well as new ones.
We are in the market for anything in Farm Produce.
HIGHEST PRICES paid for Live Poultry
Ask for prices on Peas and Beans. Later _ _ j the market for Grain.
NOTICE TO SOLDIERS ON HARVEST LEAVE.
IE VICTORY LOAM
# e
Attention is directed to a recent announcement published in the Press by the Military Service Branch, Department of Justice, regarding extensions to be granted to men EXEMPTED AS FARMERS.
It is pointed out that this DOES NOT IN ANY WAY AFFECT MEN WHO HAVE BEEN ORDERED BY THE REGISTRAR TO REPORT to Depot Battalions and who have thereafter received leave of absence from the Military Authorities.
Once a man has been ordered to report for duty by the Registrar he leaves the jurisdiction of the Registrar and comes under that of the Department of Militia and Defence, And is to be considered as a soldier. This applies to men of the 20 to 22 Class who have been ordered to report by the Registrar in virtue of the cancellation of exemptions by Order-in-Council of the 20th April last, as well as to those ordered to report in the usual way on refusal of claim for exemption, or on expiration of exemption granted.
All men, accordingly, who have been ordered to report, and are therefore SOLDIERS, and who have subsequently been granted harvest leave by the military authorities, MUST, NOTWITHSTANDING THE NOTICE ABOVE RE FERE ED TO, REPORT ON THE EXPIRATION OF THAT LEAVE, unless they arc notified to the contrary by their Commanding Officer or by general notice published by the Department of Militia and Defence.
DEPARTMENT OF MILITIA AND DEFENCE.
.Sir Robert rdeo, i» S member of | War Costing Canada Over Million the British war cabinet, has gone to England to take part in the deliberations on the terms of peace the defining
f which now becomes the business of I *n t,ie Canadian Expeditionary Force.
About 423,000 have gone overseas. Canada's 1918 war bill will be
Dollars a Day — $400,000,000 Will Be This Year’s Bill.
i
Nearly 600,000 bave been enrolled
allied statesmen. He was accompanied by Sir George Foster and Hon. A. L. j $400,060,060
on we will
Canada’s 1917 war bill was $326,.
000,000.
Canada’s war expenditure Is now $33,000.000 a month.
It exceeds $1,000,000 a day.
The $420,000,000 subscribed to the
Minutes of proceedings of the Muni-11®17 Victor, Loan will not do ranch
n-1 «T? "" .........» v......r ‘wîs.’sv'S.'SLnsu
¦U a	868510,1 comened by tlii yie victory Loan, even though peace
Secretory-Treasurer on the written re | should come to-morrow quest of Joseph Gilpin, Esq., mayor of Leslie, tfcc., and William McCleary, Esq..
i ! Thorne, tor the pur;aee of j |n or(jer to help out small #ub-‘ considering the County Bonus Sinking ecrlbere to the Victory Loan the Fund and the investment of the said banks will lend subscribers, on the
fund in the Canada Victory Loan 1918 probable certainty of repayment with
bonds, held it Campbells Bay on Wed-1 In a year, up to 90 per cent, of the
nesday the 6th November, 1918.	amount of the Investment In the
Ï	£&«¦ e ‘srsurs
Burden Jame* WaM Maker Rnner,1usrteriy, These are much better
Haul McNally, Elisha Beeman, George t*rms than were granted last year
Sifton
he in
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
Note,—Miss Cuthbestson, who has Wen in charge of branch store at Norway Bay during the past son, will be in charge at Bristol.
our
sea-
R A. GRANT.
N, B. AN e dose at (1.30 o clock Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays Canada Food Board License Nos.—10.7830, 8 10602, 8-10001.
BANKS WILL LEND
STEER ASTRAY
STRAYED
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned during month of August a roan colored two-year old steer without horns. Owner may have same by proving erty and paying expenses incurred.
THOS. KDMUN Lot 26 B, 1st R. Litchfield
From Craig Farm, Bristol, one 9 year old Steer : red and white, with piece off left ear. Information that will lead to the recovery of the animal will be thankfully received by
HAROLD CUTHBERTSON,
R. H. No. 3, Shaw ville.
in
prop



###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
IV|al(e It N|erry Xn^as
For tl^e Boys at the Front
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Iqtereoti. PebllekedeveryTheredsy
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
The Bank will trust you
VBHORÎPTION, |1 A VBAU IN ADVANCE,
if" All arrears tnuat be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
ADVRRTISINO RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for et Insertion and 6 cents per line or each ubsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch n sorted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be in sorted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
o
Perhaps you never had an account in a bank—maybe you
never done business in a bank—hardly even cashed a cheque in one. But—
ve
that is no reason why you cannot go to a bank and borrow money to buy Victory Bonds.
VS
Unless all signs fail, this should be a merrier Christmas than any from 1914 onward. What the position of affairs will be by Christmas is only a matter for speculation. One thing is certain, the Boys will still be Over There, but they will be in a much
better mood to enjoy the festive season. It is incumbent upon each and every one to remember these gallant lads.
If you arc a steady, industrious, thrifty citizen,"working and saving a part of your income, you are just the kind of person Canada’s chartered banks stand ready to help to-day.
Any bank will lend you as much money as you can save
during the next twelve months with which to buy Victory Bonds.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
All you have to do is to pay ten per cent, of the amount you
want to buy and deposit the receipt for that ten per cent, in the bank.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
The bank will lend you the 90 per cent, balance at 5]/2 per
cent, interest and will give you a year to repay it, the interest
you get on your bond being just the same as the bank charges you.
Professional Cards.
Razors
Razor Strops Underwear Gloves
Handkerchiefs Tooth Brushes Tooth Paste Socks
Foot Powder Paper & Envelopes Dates.
Honey
Gum
T
Pipes and Tobacco Cigarettes in tin boxes Candy in every shape Toilet Soap Playing Cards Prepared Coffee Maple Butter
DR. A. H. BEERS
This is a fine opportunity for you to Ixgin a real savings
account, to make a first class investment and to help your country at the same time.
Why not see a banker to-day—he will tell you all about it and you will he glad of the advice and help he can give you.
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bat - - Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.	-
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Borrow and Buy Victory Bonds
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
Issued by Canada s Victory Loan Committee in co-operation with the Minister of Finance of the Dominion of Canada

a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
C. F. HODCINS CO. IT'D.
Cil! Barter MmiUi MHIli AID CBAHtTE WORKS
PROPRIETOR.
Canadian Food Board License Number 8 10603
On the Busy Corner
CEO.C.WBICHT, K.C.
T. SHORE
T. TUCK, PROPRIETOR.
Alvogatei Barrister, *c
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Try Us for—
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending I purchasers interest to consult me before placing their order • elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
ir
196 Main St. - Hull.
Tobaccos, Cigars
and Cigarettes
II
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.jDOOPS,
A full line always on hand
of this district.
Agent for—
The Crown Steam Laundry, Ottawa
Special rates on family washing.
Bring in laundry Monday. Shipped Tuesday—returned Filday.
T. TUCK - SHAWVILLE
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Sash, .Dressed Lumber, etc.
on
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Will he in Fort Coulonge every Wed nesday and Shawville every Saturday.
STRAYED
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
Strayed from the premises of H. S, Elliott (Schneaux) a year old Steer, black with white spots on head and legs. Information leading to his whereabouts will be thankfully received by
STEWART STARK.
R. R. No. 2, Shawville.
Custom Sawing-.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec
191 MAIN ST ,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac,
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table. -
HULL
--------------------------------- Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and
GEORGE E. MORENGY Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
Death of Mr. E, Sally
STRAYED
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv, Shawville 7.35, a. m. (B)
Lv. Shawville 2,55, p. m. (D)
Ottaw a—Montreal :
Lv Ottawa Central 8.45, a. m. (B)
Lv Ottawa 14	3.30, p. m. (A)
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 3 30, p m. (A) via North Shore
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central Lv Ottawa 14 Lv Ottawa Broad St.,
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 2.05, a. m. (A)
Explanation of signs (A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Sunday | only. (D) Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
Mr. L<lward Sally, loi some time Strayed from the premises of the un-an employment agent of the city, designed-Lot 17. 12th con. Clarendon—
W#Z: 2301811
Mon of parties.	highly recommended for indigestion, years of age and was born at Strayed from the premises of Rev. ./as.
Hull dyspepsia, biliousneae, sick or sour stom- Eardly, Que., and for the last 23 Macfarianc, Bristol, three Cattle, one ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss years resided in Ottawa. Until If?* ttiT 0ne TT h?i,fer’. two» red
of appetite and asthma If you have a fast summer when he reti.ed, he Any Infor ma Uo”ro%irding, hem'wui sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five was an employment agent. His be thankfully received.
______ #*** doses will remove the trouble.	wife died only last year.	DAVID RUSSELL,
GEORGE H YN ES A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren He is survived by one son, Car-	Shawville. R. R. No. 3
^	frew, writes : “I bad rheumatism in men, overseas ; six daughters,
my shoulders for over a year. I used j Howard Hutchison, Almonte ;	NOTICE TO
Embalmer and Funaral Director «3I gSÆS»™ ! Residents of Clarendon
Main Street^Shawville.	-%%%- »	^	| £cf5 BÇLê:“vS
Personal attention.Openall hours. ÏLi	I
---------------------------„ unable to work- Two bottles of your I (>f Beeehgmve He was an Angli’ °®ce ^or inaction of parties inUNDERTAKING re?.edy c”rod m*”	_ „	I call in .elig-ionand was ft member tere8t<:d’ for thf "«taodaye ; and at a
1	Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., I of St. Lukes church.	special session to be held m my office on
. —	Renfrew, writes : 441 was troubled for The funeral took place Saturday Wednesday, November 80th, at 7 o’clock
ana fe IVI HAL IVII NL years with indigestion and tried all kinds at four o'clock from his late re- P- ,n < 8a‘d List will be homologated.
of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic- j sidenoe, 125 Kim Street, to the tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com- j Hroad St. Station and thence to pletely cured me.”	Parker's Station, Que. Interment
Mr. D. M. Robertson, Renfrew was made in St. Luke’s cemetery, writes: 441 have not had an attack of, | ^ ^ Purser s Station.—Hull City All calls will receive prompt per asthma or coughing since I took the Advance.
sonal attention '	fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of _	__ ,	^
this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-	I t’iiœ Magistrate (scoi ge rnuyug: | iiiin
ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou- Koofcj of Ottawa, died at his rUN I MILL NUN
A.™™
^	M ..	wa : M Joyce, Qiiyon, Que.; or direct	^	replacing.
Singer Sewing Machines Ifpomlhe manufacturer W
• and Repairs
STRAYED
“	4.40, p. m. (B)
9.00, a. m. (C) 8.30, a. m. (D)
J 62 Wellington St. -
Phone : Queen 5230.
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tinware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal

E. T. HODGINS,
Sec.-Trea*.
W. J. HAYES
Shawville, Oct. 20, 1918
Satisfactorily done
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
Local Agents Wanted
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
Q. TT7 DALE practical tinsmith
* " YY e ¦*““*¦*¦ Shawville Que.
For ** The Old Reliable

J. L. HODGINS
trees need
F. Ritchie, -
War Garden call for small fruits.
A.	..	-	A , , early bearing fruit trees, Aspa-
Cheap House For Sfllo	Rhubarb plants, etc
The demand for Ornamental stock
at Portage du Fort, I ™	villages ia large . The undersigned hereby gives notice
Secure a paying Agency with lib-1 that hunting, trapping or trespassing era! commissions, Experience Lot II on the 13th Range of Clarendon
** STONE*1* W ELLI NOTON	1.
according to law.
NOTICE
Box 296, Renfrew, Ont Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
NOTICE
SHAWVILLE
Warning1 to Trespassers The Tax for the School Corpora
now	all narn,-N
whose names appear on the Collection Roll for said Corporation will please pay said school tax into the hands of the undersigned on or before Nov. 20th,
E. T. HODGINS,
Secretary,
Shaw ville School Bd.
tion
postage
ft
Va
on
Comfortable dwelling house containing 4 bedrooms upstairs and one downstairs. Good dining'room, large kitchen, good
. ha I stable
Young Pigs for Sale
MARION a MARION.	Apply to PETER BROWNLEE, |ana
364 University SL, Montréal. *	Shaw ville.
ROMPTLY SECUR
(Established 1837)
carriage house. Apply to MRS. CHA9. BRINK WORTH,
71 College Are., Ottawa.
RODDY DONAH VE.
TORONTO. ONT.

r »


vr .
A V




WWW


###PAGE###6###
- V jfcu ».
t
9
»
PatfMIs* hi the Bathtub.
Little Mary i* only a scrap of a girl and as lively as a cricket. It
time before her mother
could persuade her to take up ting, but when at Inst she did I no one was more atalous than she to produce wriaters for the soldiers. It was as difficult to deflect her from her knitting ns formerly to entice her
****** froVsa\uX night her mother tug-VHAVTKR IV. (Vent'd.) | upon the old hermit, and Kelcey wan „,gtpj t),at „),P lny aside h. r knitting
sur*;
; "«Ig HEPE HsSse .
ne ¦*'
gn-hsh, he likened her to some rare, ^ o , black «pot detach itself >hing rub.
”ed to	whJTbrouiht tMile from the dork mass and mow «.vn, a »«-„v doming une.,y at the
to mind
t&« X-eyfrîtfCtfyW4* e- W '&*>*•

Nothing hitter |s made
Economy !
1 The Double-Walled Secret
was some
knit- '
I!
gin
K

i?

y*

##
¥
I



By Edwin Baird

*
no ox
«•ewe»

*
A

I
VmK'J
bym
*fO*T SOAP O * E»
cvud delicious qualities *xs wcJi Ask your Grocer.
6
043#
In Scaled Metal Packets.
Nothing bitter an be made


Sam’s Diamond.
Sam, the chore man, returned ftvm tho city with a scarf pin that contain* eel a “diamond" of no unusual size. II
WTrfïz ipSsK
: IfiiSiï siis—
,*» w, 7*^7“ r.
from the dark mass and mow a’.vng a Finally, becoming uneasy white thread which stretched in on Jong delay, her	| l	tU woa
He had observed, vaguely
i that she wee clothed in «oft tones of gray and blue, «XJ somehow her i clothing seemed an integral part of
H S„.	a .f	sxss. s,h
Under the present unusual food b~wned com makt"' tt plcadng, Her Mim hand re,ted In hi. for the
Il m
*	cheese to the mashed potato titling. ;	- —	hood."
Soups and Seasonings:—At this	CHAPTER V.	Kelcey, hat in hand, smiling up at
F—5 liiiiS ssüsss
mmmmessm^
, .	. desirable 1 turn .every viewpoint. So dettl 0	,u^ , niin ¦ v
Talk -bout sugar being scarce m tl$ey saij nothing to Kelcey, content '	(1X> M continued.)
l-anadu! French sugar eUx«k.i were ^ âr.low matters to take their natural	I
never no low before. On May 81, course. Of course tho girl would	The Allies’ Hope.
1918, iho quantity of >ugar in Paris accept him in the end. Wha’ girl	j^c great hope of the future lie?
was about half ûImt it was on U.e would not V Every.vvly knew 1 onv	-n convincing Germany, which has
same date m 1»17. Even in previous	M.w mSdi'înd i^t-	defied the civilized world, that war	,
wars the French people never reached ^^ tr^, ^ land him and a few	does not pay, and that thoae who take	==
such a low ebb where their sugar sup . ^ j r<?art 9Uecetxlcd	the sword must perish. The enemy
barley ply was concerned.	" As hie arm knitted" Kelcey turned clnnot attribute defeat to lack of
Yet wo grunmle ncre because we attention to the sport that preparation, to had military to#<lcr-hftve to use a little brown sugar and ^ hrokvn it. Ho bought a seven ^‘P. or to the malign influence of the Levaux we may only have u level ; thousand-dollar biplane and. after accidents of war, for the Germans tea.spoonful of white sugar in our tea several practise flignts wirh*tlie avia have been superbly equipped and well and coffee!	j tor who designed it, he started out led, and fortune has been in their
alone across Wisconsin. lie strove favor and has, at least once, postpon-for n course parallel with his fir<t ej ^e seemingly assured victory of t ut he tost his way in the air their enemies
(fellfc	rsjszasrjns
ajjgflrcgBl ssBESEiFS êæHEH?
k.u ., étju boon	‘ i-	fL——J	j hi» mother awl sister observing him mon cannot be learned if the fact of
. pepper tii.d ea r.	|	|f| I fcyj , furtivc-ly, had to reconstruct , their defeat is obscured, and therein lies
until the mixtu.o tnivuenj| 'ipâ* I I II til I ‘¦U* prior assumption. His indifference one 0f the great difficulties of any >ui then pour over the caulv ^ TS .EV»£^	— [to the girl they hid chosen for his discussion of peace terms. A révolu- ;
the baking dUh. Sprinkle There is no excuse for any house-, wife puzzled them.	tion in Germany would niter the whole ;
a 1 crumbs over •;m top and k<H.p*r failing to serve fish several| Hut they were no more puzzlod tuan situation, but it will probably require
'	times a week. It cin now be secured he. Many of these youivg (neutui^s a startling defeat to bring about a
dc one may be from toe rest of the w uriü Jfceï# -jrtaj or moït of them, since should Le poM.ble to havq on hand phi!dhoo>, About Bonnie (he had «1-
rom ready Wgun to call her Bonnie in his thoughts) he knew almost nothing.
He had met her twice, uneonvention-
_______________________________________ally, ami that was aLL	t
HmsI.:- 1 quart cooked to-	-- 1 And then, suddenly, iCcicey plought
h»	1 omon « trop- freak. of nature are not confined	ce an<i luxury- “it must he because
lVv II ? tomatoei and e"oa solely to the animal kingdom. Nature	* mysterv, because ahe’e eo unWash the riva and students and horticulturists frètent- conventional."	J
a large amount of boiling wa- jy	strango discoveries when the This however, did not deter him
l render, drain az^i add the 4u>t - harvest is Wing gathered in. For in- from trying to And her. His north-Loci. Hruwn silo tiifut in a fry- sluice, a Devonshire farmer had an ward flights became of daily occur i.* p\n w.tii tile minced onion and era- ' 3crn 0f wheat displaying double on ? rence. It wa# on tnc'
for half an hour untu «II u well biend-j fmd oc curred in Lincolnshire, where {yf 3vU fe„t ürA\t ^nuMBaaèHl gray wd ami tile peppe.s uve done.	,	a double ear displayed on the 01»c	circled slowly atxyvo the
Spaghetti or macaroni is good com 8jdo ona variety of corn, whBu the doable vraM. He tried to look through Lined in the same manner in place of other sUiu x.aa a totally different htw) the top grating, but found that it the rice, (after the war when wheat grain t)together. Yet they lia) now covered with thin coarse white products will, we hope, ru>t Le pro- flourished 011 one stalk,	cloth thro'.igh whiui he could nui see.
i.vdtivo).	! Y hil# twin ears of wheat are roar.- Ho savv the h.ack men m tha^ wh
Con - S ’mp cars of corn, mo», it l« unusual to find double ^tb-'ui.y hSl di^'verJl him, fi «live, of bweon, So-, end pepper to rrems in the ran. Ursm. of rye, und medc eff tevierd U.e house. Fre,
U*te. Cook the of corn ten to however, are often doubled, a* are	gtryker come from tha
*weV> e minute, t« Iwmiuf -Hod we 410*.	1 lwuov, .hleld Me e>v» agaiW eun
Ur them driun and cut dia corn from} The alotineiitwr may luve one or »»* ^ «ittrrintr hi At cob. 100k the baton ù a fi)!»*1 two .urprise, in store f- ^ ,t -r~ •"*	' ^	g
MU until nkely browned, jfeiu off occasionally	{£at vllien,, '’‘KeV-ey was half minded to eligU,
met of fat from At pag And add ^	T^euVcanot,, turnips, cab- but iU next nwenant .oeneAin*
aa ite mm
r/k.V. 7»^-1 %	œib;“x	nsa-
. » ! y; y uo>»ing	T,i’
Dumpling*» can corn flour.
Victory Loan
A/5 and 15 7 YEAR BOND
$50 $100
$500 $1,000
?
\
I jW
l
V
X
% f
Subscribe for Canada’s
War Loan security we can offer can subscribe for any amount of Bonds and pay for them out of earnings
through our
A small potato supplies m much
Potatoes
1'hc very best
You
•larch as a slice of bread
V
s
V'

V
1

Partial Payment
Plan.
raw
deserts take the plate of prepared desserts requiring sugar, time, labor
kitchen.
r season
nWn* food

eyes, “is
H. M. Connolly & Co.
1
Slid
I'he Sugar Shortage
Tipi C.U Wfw
The
to serve
vege
a alv.	'v ... that is, botl-
(Members Montreel Stock Eicharfe
%
106-100 Transportation Building
taule
ed, steamed vr baked and served with • little butter, milk or cream and ?ea-
However, when wo are using
M, 1345 e
MONTREAL, P.Q
sou. ng
large quantities wo
every day ; > lvok for <>* ays of ser

leg
Iv.g them.
Cauliflower with Tonutio Sauce i-.'flower, 2 tableJpoona tup strained tunuto juice, l on, 2 tablespoons fat, 1 tea-
W W-i the cauli-o remove
1
lv>iid t a fto . i
Ingrùm \s
4i/êlvcota..
r Souveraine
Face Powder
*
slice
sali, pepper
flower bi several waters
all the Sa»l and foreign substances.
•« s i:«	... d wa ;
ter, then drain weH tmi place in a 1 red baking dish.
For the suoce: molt t'.u i\ add Lie flour a:ui i* mo . e th
r*.
Cook ten mu
I ikIi < heap Every where
?
rjp
A recognition of de

Vi
i
ft pu
i
1
/
iiA
You need never be emoarraseed by an oily, shiny akin. Just apply • Uahc touch of Ingram's Velveola Souveraine Face Powder. It is to delicately textured that you can scarcely see it and yet it hides tiny blemishes and gives the complexion a smooth, soft appearance. It adhere» until washed off even though the skin becomes moist from perspiration. 50c.
•«
i
mix
ii
g
* y
m
A Picture
with Each Purchase
Each time you buy a package of Ingram’s Toilet aide or Perfume your druggist will give you, without charge, a Urge portrait ofaworVMamed motion picture
Each time you get a

leu minutes in tue tier without break"! flower.
Ingram’• Ml.kw&ed Cream le an ideal preparation for tokening and cleansing the skin and keeping the complexion
cUer end youth A* I looking. It htt » pro-nan net d tharnpeutie qualité that	up
thecamplealon. Twoslaes,30camlll. There Is a complete line of Ingram • to let nlde, including fodenta for the teeth (ifei.et your <i. v.§gist a.	s i
-#»
Out and in.
The class in natural history being anked to state the difference between | a dog and a tree, the head boy promptly gave the answer:
"A tree Is covered with bark, while it dog seems to be lined with it.”
I

i pou i around the | » supply of frozen fish el the before serving.
> also good f»r thii
mo
actress
different portrait so you make a collection tor your home. Aik your druggist.

Pacific or Atlantia coasU
-

J>\is VEGETAMES
F. F. Ingram Co., Windsor, Ontario
11»)
«. 1
5
N U R SIN G '
Parker’s will do it-
?kst< $H?.j :
$10 »o5T5«
B'-oL Itr
k Lear* wilkeot
EOTAL COLLAGE Of
S3
t"
Cm
By cleaning or dyeing--, Tee tore any article* to their former appearance and return them to you, good as new.
anything from household down to the finest of delicate fabrics postage or express chargea one-way,
When you think of
CLEANING or DYEING
Think of Parker’s
oîi
Send
draper ks
we w
V

#

iuV

Oui booklet on household suggestionE M un you money Till be mt Cm et chmrw% Writ#
Unlay to	'
Ujteu\4
PK
03

>

Bob Loi?g

UNION MADÇ!
Parker’s Dye Works, Limited
OVERALLS
SHIRTS A'tlLOVES
1
Cleaners and Dyers
791 Yonge St.
rXnewnfr^O^^Co^Ai
SSAPW**
Toronto
LIMITS
.







###PAGE###7###

KEEP HUN SOU'S AFTER WAR
f,
FIRST STANDARD SHIP
BELGIAN REFUGEES
GERMAN SOLDIER --GERMAN THIEF
cz&x’ f/fc
LBQYSL® girls
British Ounril Urges l)Utrii>ution According to U host Losses.
Contracted for by British Government —Launched in China.
Pouring into Holland in Wf'abla
State of Dlatrera.
German whips should not be-act Consul A. K. Carlaton Honf<Vom:( free after the war “to extend their British China wntee: “The launching share of the world's	carrying trade tbc fir9t nt lhe	standard	ships to
and so profit by the	losses which	b* constructed in	Hongkong (see
their government, by	means mainly	Commerce Reports	for Sept.	13) took
piratical, had inflicted	upon the ships	P,uce 0,1 Saturday,	Aug. 10,	1918, at
of the Allies." This program is urg- the shipyards of the Hongkong and ed upon the British Government in a ^ ham pom Hock Co., Limited. This
«HEÏ5B	H rtfe-SSS
I here s not a genera! at the front of the sewing teacher, could make the and declares that while Germany can- 1T1 lbt* production <! etec., have hten -	j ... ,	, , . p $	,, mv
###
sra.	as	^ •—:n * "" r "™ ï
... -, , .......... lame »,, S" iî£	ÏÏ!» - ^tiTTSSt
Marie-( am. ’c* mother grew .other, socks to match, and a full set lts oM tra(^L _ ,v . ...	Tint with your bodies for a living.	.	~
vety white, and a look tame into her of underclothes^-all for Marie-	,	,,	T» uvr	shiel.l	i For the Care of British Boys Whose
»rr ,eft> theL, T'T Vrl!,l	lu„r xt -	~	GuarüStr How mrakoning, that	Have F.llea in «»U«e.	, Th„ history of the past aid, us in
, lh. ùla IT * r JUSv ‘Î!en “ ,rttMr0m	Cross Sc,red in IIin llark by Fr.g-	defied	| A big house ou a hill, a fine gar- ; understanding the present. Theft has
.he -e months; she knçw’üwt the fa.h" i.ad’wvitu'.n 1,^°J" " “	°f ' '^11,«Shell. The sudden^ehellenge of enormous | den* «««mwlth ^.nda g,, ^-IHime,	™
i. a o narr r | axvaj that August Mademoiselle Esther, it began. I Private Jean 1*ournan, of New York ^nd f0Ught the rushing legions to a I urh, Hornsey, fine airy rooms for back to Lhe lasqucnel*. the first really moraine, never would come back am so happy and so touched by the city, hereafter will carry a cross on	,tand.	I study and home life-these make the 1 organized German troops, wc‘find a
la*?'!?•	41 .	friendship yoy have si own me, and Ijh.s hack as a souvenir of the K^t	^hen 8taik in	grim	endurance iheld	Kitchener Home which was opened	corps duly constituted and solely
• pl\ ''' 'ilinjf,s became very dif-	will try to .satisfy you 1 7 my letter; war, says a Ian* despatch. / The	the line.	recently with fitting ceremonies and	charged with pillage, massacre and
, , • u‘lv ¦< am.de s mother work-	but be in du. gent, mademoiselle, for wound that has marked him is so	oh, little Force	that	in	your agony	great rejoicing on tlie part of those	incendiarism. Later, when for want
tN harder nrut harder, but food be- you must know that 1 am only eight unusual that lie is known at Am- g^0fXj fast while England girt her who have carried the idea to comple-. of resources the uniform of the las-«¦a mo more c.r.'l ir »vv scant. By and j years old.”	#	_ evi(yn Military Hospital No. I, where	armor on.	tion. The Home is a memorial to . quenets fell into desuetude the breech-
by some onv »vho saw how things were j The “parents" of Marie-Camille h«' is now convalescing, as the 'Red	high our honor in your wounded Lord* Kitchener and planned in a es alone were retained, large brt-ech-
jifouig eent M:irte-( am:.ie s name to •	listened with shining eyes, hut neither ( ross Man, and doctors, nurses and	hands.	modest way along lines in which he	cs intended to receive in capacious
' merica foi “adoption.” Perhaps	they nor Marie-C •amdîe guessed how. patient;- have watched his case with	earric<i our honor safe	with bleeding	was always intensely interested, the	pockets, a thief's plunder. At .Jiafc
<mnc one over in Amorim, where, great was the thing that they were unusual interest.	|	feet—	rare cf British boys whose fathers 1 time tlx Germans were still in the
everyone nud plenty, would pay ten doing. For the first time in history One morning a short t-me ago, just have no glory great enough for have fallen in battle. The Bishop of infancy of the art. they have since rents * to give a little French	not statesmen and	armies alone but	a* his company went over	the top,	you,	London dedicated the home, and II.	made progress with their wonderful
ciil	something	to eat.	the children of two great nations arc	headed for	a hoc W machine gun nest,	rpne	very 80U| 0f Britain	keeps	your	R H. the Duke of Connaught made a efficiency
A	class of schoolboys and girls in an building up a friendship that shall be	a shrapnel	shell knocked him out. lie	day I	charming address, in which he refer- j And when Mckense»	pretends	not
American city decided to “adopt” a written not upon scraps of paper but hud a momentary stinging sensation | proceasion?—Marches forth a Race red to his friendship with Lord Kit- j tt recognize his soldiers iri this army little girl. xThey could do it, they upon the hearts of the people.	j and then awoke to find himself on a|	jn arma;	chener, whom he knew in the days of thieves, he is joking; his conster
sanitary train from which he \\'BM, ^nd, for the thunder of the crowd’s of the “Shop.” Lord Kitchener’s only ! nuii< n would be real and sincere if tal en by ambulance to the	hospital, j	applause,	sister, Mrs. Parker, was an interested	he were to command an army of honor aromatic odor to the	When he	was earned to the operat- •	Crash noon crash the	voice	of	mon-	guest. Hiere is already installed act: people.	I ran readily imagine him
breath, the case may be one of diabetic	mg room	the surgeon looked h>m	?trous guns,	happy family of forty-six boys, | supervising	the pillage	with an	in-
over and then called the other doctors j,y the sweat, rerved by the life twenty of whom acted as guard of , dulgent and amused eye. even en-Therc	are many other signs,	but is, to come afid look. The boy	had been j 0f Kngland,	honor when their home was dedicated,	couraging, if necessary, with a word,
needWs	to catalogue «them here, for. hit by two pieces of shrapnel, one cf j grouting your battle cry	arrosa the	There are still dormitories to be fitted	like* a good father who smiles v.fth
only those persons	who have had a	which had gone down his	back so	world!	up and various ways of helping with	teirvv feeling at the roguish pranks
medical training would appreciate, close to his spine, that only u miracle,	•	?	*	•	this good work. No doubt the same i of Ins children. .
saved him from paralysis. The other ^ little mighty Force, your way is idea will eventually take root in Caul____________________
Lot* of ('ou^ciou-:!!***.	1	'	1 crossed at right ang es. leaving	ours,	ada, and it is intersting to note the thieves and liars they will remain
THF. TELEPHONE AND THE WAR *”<• mark o. a period cross on Ins	land inviolate your monument. amounts listed. A whole dormitory from the highest to the lowest, from
hmcç it is sometimes very d.TT.cult,	---- j back	'	,	I	---------------------------- van he named and furnished for from the Emperor to the last soldier. The
01 a Phyeman to detennine the at- ^ Principal Instrument of Com- 1 yurnan has those pieces o shvao- Harrasred Decorator—“I"m very £50	£100 according to size; a bed Emperor steals rountrie
tual coiiditiCp of an unconscious per-; munlcation on Battlefield. | r.el in his Red Cross treasure bag. He #orry. mum. T ’nven’t been able to can he named and maintained for populations r.nd has his high handed >on, il ls	evident	that	in	doubtful cases ;	. IMF* they re “lucky pieces	because j paper your two to«i bedrooms. They	three years for £18; one boy can be	operations sanctioned by means of
tuere	19	net	much	reason	to hope	that'	low tot; d the wav >c kept	go.ng they “only left a scar."	: took away my last man a	week ago	maintrired for one year for £10 in	extorted treaties; the officer lays
the person who has had no medicalithout the telephone .	'	------*?"-----•	, for the army. Seems to me they think addition to the government grant, hands on art collection*, on precious
training will be able to solve the U 1* tn^ pnncipal intiument or Poland has lost 3,500,000 population more of this ere war than they do anti fj provides clothing for one boy wines, pr ml of th-2 high approbation
problem. let a solution is often communication for military purposes, though the war.	j of paper-’anging.”	fnv ou6 year	___ of his lord and master: the common
necessary in the interest of the pati- the telegraph not excepted, ent, for treatment that would do good ^ hen troops move forward, signal in one case may he injuriou.-. in anoth" corps men with phones and wire aver. Fortunately, the diagnosis is not company the foremost line. Telephones always fco difficult; and in many cases are installed in the very trenches; it is not <1 .it nt all	they are even carried out on occasion
fiiagnoM, ... of course, much	| formaUon and send out orders by ^roy; only God can save. When Thu„ Wl. !llve ^ tampions of Th" Wfvgiinrdlns of th. Navy', those shc love, hss moved further
when the unconscious person is not a, ^one. The fire of artillery Is direc- everything else fallu we turn to (,od. fowled*? an<, of power declaring in1 8tcrît	0,1 “ ^tt C^,pPU a back, very far, to the end of the world
stranger for then you may know ^ , h# SRm(1 mean5 from observa- Kvcn ^ German, pray for peace. us that th have the means and the T ^	ceremony in itself. Every where no conso’ing word can reach
many fact, that will he p you to form tjon *mU a[u| from balloon,.	; The story of David and Goliath will to subdue the world. If there I f T v h° k<Leps wa.tch ha\to. sat:s,
a correct conc.usion. If. for exemple, wh,n R «-,al„agrc'> balloon is sent needs no interpreter. Each man nothing but matter and force to f>" himrclf when going on duty and from a|1 communication, come only you know that the man is a drunkard, UD into tho aîr from n motortruck for	stages hw own	case.	Goliath relies	oppose them they	ought	to win.	But!	wke'!	TZ"? re ,,jvcd tn ‘ tbp booki	these two certainties: That of hatred,
you presumption will be that he ^ observation purposes men on motor-	I upon what he	sees and knows—his1	they	have ideals,	urn!	ideals	are	wea-	a C	respective chaste.	a ferocious hatred of the Roumanian
unconscious from alcoholic poisoning, cycIefl start simultaneously across own- size and strength and the weak- porn 0f the soul created not bv na- LSrcc,a ke/* alla5 10 t ! ^e toward Germany, and that of their although the possibility of a head m- ; country, carrying telephone wires to	ness of his opponent.	If Goliath is	ture	hut by God.	cheats	are regained by the command-	indomitable loyalty to the cause for
jury from a fail must be borne in, batteries scattered over many miles	right he ought	to win.	But Goliath	“Thr~n	-,	r	,v	iisg officer and his second m command,	^hich they suffer every instant of
mind; or if you know that he is a front. On board the truck is a assumes that there is no Got in	,	'	- The kc ys are tested frequently by tf.v ^heir sad existence, and also this
sufferer from epilepsy, Brights ' switchboard, and the observer in the Israel. David sees all that Goliath / hen ^21° lh®.war tcst all naval stores officer in dockyard to see mournful chrrus, “Roumania ia siarv-pr diabetes, you may be pretty, bniloon car direct8 with hia voice the i-ees, but relies on divine help. If ™luesu :The entions have gone that they are correct, and have not ing to death.” __:	I
sure cf the real cause ot his trouble. ‘flrc of the guns, correcting their David is right it is a moral certainty t.,oufh , ° . n - ‘ ,y*	^T* ^ir- been tan pered with.	Germany will one day harvest what
There is one pitfall that you should range amj nim.	that he will win. If God is on his	vivÿ •	L>tvt,p Belgium—ehe has lost j Rome Lire* it is necessary	to des-	Marshal Mackensen’s	army	of	thieves
carefully guard against-thinking Even the airplanes	are now	equip-	side he must win. David won and	^efyUimg but her -oui. France--; troy a reference book. Two	officers	has gown in	that	most	fertile	Rou-
that because there is an odor of pP(| ^th wireless	telephone	appar-1	proved that there was a God in Israel.!	becnb.ed white indeed, puri-j then bum the book unti lit is	reduced	manian land
alcohol about the unconscious person atuR	“They reckon ill who leave God out.”	fle<i by	fir?e honored, beloved as she to ashes. Before destroying	it, the	_________
he is intoxicated. One of the first For U8e in the field there is an in- The pre3ent conflict grows out of	h!?,0ree , England- numW and title must be accurately |	Not For Children
things the ordinary Samaritan does genious combination of telephone and the same conditions JtMs a mortal! p€r^ltbJ)t's ^‘‘,10n to lhe affiaze-( recorder and ns fate en en i m the Foods injurious or diffivult of diges-» for an unconscious person is to telegraph, the contrivance so compact j ^mbat in which Humanity is to de-	^ her enemy, has l^n faithful ships legister.	tion for children are
sk ns	s	........ -• •«*
» zzzA:	.	SF5 ”T -51£: ssrsstsïïtè
lost through a mistaken diagnosis of! The caterpillar, you war agam.t world?	her? Like a giant roused out of
drunkenness that leads to the post- when whitewashing your fruit trees	The German Be.ief	j sleep, slowly raising her huge hulk,
ponement of necessary treatment. •» rot tbe only caterpillars. Cater- The Germans are supreme among she ,tood erect, mighty, grim, valiant
The first, thing to do is to examine ! P1^9 P°Pu‘ate tl!e	™ b,l"1ons:	nat,on5 m knowledge and power. We ^e in these things that there is
the head to see if there is a fracture anLdinto crabs ,f the Greenland The greatest scholar in the world is , ,0u] in man; that there is a freedom
of the skull, and the nose and ears to whale doea not “t1^m	uct tbe,[ eyfBt,cm E™st « it be only freedom to die for ..
see if there is any bleeding from them, I Tley are minute little things about Haeckel. Out of the fulness of his cause; that there is a distinction be-
for that may indicate fracture when tho, 8‘z,e of ,8alt «Ta.,.ns- A8 =h,ldren Hnewiedge he has dee^red in his own twetn right and wrong. Millions of none can be felt. Then you should	r>;1 b*f°re. th.ey .crab-cater-	work,	"The	Evolution	of Life,	that	men	are	willing to	die	for	what	they
look at the pupils of the eyes; if they	f»U*™ begin by literally looping the	"there	i.	no	God in heaven no	soul	In.believe	to	be	right,	and	counties,
are dilated, there may be apoplexy or ^	uv“ thïm nn 2""' n°	d,stl,nc1t,on thousand, are offering themselves
• gsiiiii mmmM	=
the burns can be seen by examining renient foim Of diet. ^ ey . mp.y fn knowledge applied to pro.luce and that Hi, strength win, the battle, the tongue and the mouth. If the j^mho!«f«luirt out the water, and p0WW *e	h,ve msde trîra" ,,e w<,rks t0-dav a ,,e	the time
ge'five rZ a!i' epileptiTa ttad!' ' ’/the thm swa,1<>w' person i * breathing heavily or g nor-,
ing, and there is no smell of alcohol,	An excellent “main di*h may bo.
• the case i* not improbaWy one of	made of fish, potatoes anti pnr-iey
apoplexy.	th. re is a nr ul ir * ;Jfc<L	I
Weather beâten refugees, mostly from the north of Frame, are trickling into the Dutch province* of Brabant and Limburg, saya an sAmster-dam despatch. Horne 2,000 are now accommodated in town* of these
are BHHHHI
ill from overfatigue or influenza and French Writer Speak* Particularly <w are being cared for in hospital* and convents


*
THEFT AND LYING ARE PARI OF TEUTON CHARACTER

¥
/

the Wholesale Plunder and Mia ery Inflicted on Roumania.
<
i


Indeed, it is within txnmdn to say that the Ger man army practices the fiuj>er-theft ami super-lie in a manner and to an extent worthy in every respect of the great German Empire.
coast
France
*
KITCHEN Fit MEMORIAL H0M1
1001
Thieves and Liars of Old

I
4
<w
I sweetish
com a
Health
V
<

them
Thieve* and liars they have been


massacres

soldier pillage/, the poultry yard of the Roumanian peasant and takes away his last handful of comment. This all work in this way like the apaches, for the greater glory and eternal renown of Greater Germany.
Roumania Under Hun Heel.

NAVAL SECRETS
THE WEEKLY SERMON
Precautions Taken to Safeguard the .Secrets of the British Fleet.
It

«
her. and from that Roumania, cut off
ease
•>
It takes 20 tons of wet kelp to make ' Condiments—Pepper, vinegar, cat-1 ton of a*h and ash contains be- gup, horseradish and mustard, tween 8 and 10 per cent, pure potash. Fried Foods—Doughnuts, waffles. The season for hunting moose and pancakes, French toast, fried meat, deer is now in full swing in New fried potatoes, fritters and fried egg;-. Brunswick. This year the hunter?!	Pastry—Cream puffs dump ings,
are required to take out of the woods tart?, fresh-baked cake and muffins, all the game they kill and they may dispose of it in any way. they like ex cept by selling $t who applies for a game license has to take en oath that he will report any 10, infractions of the game laws he sees, arm Soak a hardened lemon in hot va-

Cut out the old canes frvm î aspber-Every hunter ries and blackberries as soon as the
plants have finished fruiting and do not Ut the foil dry out until frost
way to wash a bean pot
f 4 to insert it in a pan which is partly filled with water in which a ypoonful of washing powder has been
K
ter
| Children should fried foods.
not be allowed
Place it on tt
. _ .,	rough which air can be « ^olved****^**^**
endons stride* in the est fifty years.;of David, through human heart and breathed from the reservoir of the and as the water boils, it will be Speaking as their	champion, the	hand. We are assured that the vie-	airbrake	system has been	invented	sucked into the	pot and	then
Kaiser baa Ma red again and again	tcry	will be won by the men who be-	for the	use of railroad	engineers	out. When the	other
that force would rule	the world. His	It**#	that God is on their side. There	while running through long tunnels	washed the bean	pot will	need only
speeches abound in	talk of shining	is a	God in Israel.”—Rev. John R	or *now	#hed, where the	air often	a final rinsing to make it Hear and
sword, r !	heart of granite. Atkinson,	u|

me
*

are
.
###PAGE###8###
BRISTOL ELEVATOR
the simile Biol and Shoe Store

NOTICE
IS COMPLETED AND OPEN FOR BUSI
NESS EVERY DAY
? ? ?
Military Service Act, 1917.
EMPLOYMENT OF MEN IN DEFAULT
UNDER THE MILITARY SERVICE ACT.
The following Regulations, recently approved by the Governor General in Council, impose strict obligations upon every employer TO ASSURE HIMSELF THAT EACH OF HIS EMPLOYEES OF MILITARY AGE AND DESCRIPTION IS IN POSSESSION OF DOCUMENTS PROVING THAT HE IS NOT IN ANY WAY IN DEFAULT UNDER THE MILITARY SERVICE ACT.
An employer who is charged with having a defaulter in his employ must be able to prove THAT THE MILITARY SERVICE PAPERS ISSUED BY THE REGISTRAR OR MILITARY AUTHORITIES TO THE EMPLOYEE IN QUESTION WERE PRODUCED FOR HIS INSPECTION at the time when the employee was taken into his employment, and that it was reasonably established to his satisfaction that the man was not in default under the Military Service Act. It should be clearly understood that the Canadian Registration Certificates given on June 22, 1918, at the time of general registration, in no way define the status of a man under the Military Service Act.
REGULATIONS.
Wo "buy all kinds of Grain
Victory Bonds Smiley’s Shoes
Buy Them
%
Oats, Barley, Rye, Buckwheat and Wheat
Under present Government rule the price we can pay for wheat is regulated according to the Canada Grain Act.
Victory Bonds first and then Shoes are about the next necessity.
Fair treatment and Goods that give satisfaction is our
policy.
And about prices—Well, they are always right.
We also buy
Peas and Beans.
If you have anything to offer in this line apply to
S. COHEN
BRISTOL CORNERS - - QUE
Canada Food Board License No. 12-71
The Renfrew Truck Scale
11 106. Every person who ! obligations or requirements employs or retains in his service aforesaid.” any man who has deserted or] “ 106a. Every person who is absent without leave from HARBOURS Oil CONCEALS the Canadian Expeditionary OR IN ANY WAY ASSISTS Force, or who is in default in ANY MAN WHO IS A DE-the performance of any obli- SERTER cation or requirement for re- WITHOUT LEAVE FROM porting or for military service, THE CANADIAN EXPE-imposed upon him by the Act DITIONARY FORCE, or or Regulations, or any procla- who is in default in the per-mation thereunder, shall be formance of any obligation or guilty of an offence punishable requirement for reporting or on summary conviction by im- for military service imposed prisonment not exceeding six upon him by the Act or Regu-months, or by a penalty of not lations or any proclamation less than One Hundred Dollars, thereunder, shall be guilty of and of not more than Five an offence punishable upon Hundred Dollars, or by both summary conviction by im-such imprisonment and fine, prisonment not exceeding six unless such person prove that | months, or by a penalty of not he made due inquiry and : less than One Hundred Dollars that THE MILITARY SER- and of not more than Five
THE HOUSE of QUALITY

» ¦*
CREAM I BERT WAINMAN WANTE D
OR ABSENT
.019/
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER
SHAWVILLE.
The Bristol Branch of the Arnprior Creamery
at Bristol Corners
Is now open for business.
A stock of—
Victor Victrolas and Victor Records
A Reliable Scale for every Farmer.
Just coming in
1 also handle
Highest Cash Price paid for Cream.
Cans furnished on request.
For further information write or call at the office.
THE ARNPRIOR CREAMERY
BRISTOL, qUE,
Bring in your watches and jewelry needing repairs to us. We specialize in this class of woik and assure you satisfaction.
Renfrew Cream Separators,
Renfrew Gas and Kerosene Engines,
Renfrew Happy Farmer Traitors.
Grain Grinders, Fanning Mills,
Drag Saws Pole Saws, Belting, Shafting, Hangers, Bearings, Pulleys
Pump Jacks,
Elmhurst Shorthorns
VICE PAPERS ISSUED BY Hundred Dollars, or by both THE REGISTRAR OR THE such imprisonment and fine, MILITARY AUTHORITIES unless such person prove that TO THE MAN SO EM- he was not aware and had no PLOYED OR RETAINED reasonable ground to suspect IN HIS SERVICE WERE that the man so harboured, PRODUCED FOR HIS IN- concealed, or assisted was a SPECTION, and that it was deserter or absent from the reasonably .established to his forces without leave or in satisfaction by such inquiry default in respect of any of the and papers that the man was obligations or requirements not a deserter or absent from aforesaid.” the	in|H|H¦¦¦¦j
default in respect of any of the
Just two young bulls left, but they are real good ones. Both nice dark roans—big and well shaped, and out of extra good cows. If you are needing a bull for next season you should see these animals at once.
Can also spare a few good young females. ELLARD L HOIK HNS,
Portage «lu Fort
Local and District.
Seeley Pum|
Auto Tires
Ha rness
Influenza Still Serions
Since the last issue of this paper, quite a number of cases of influenza have developed in the neighborhood of Shaw ville and a few in the village, while those who were smitten with the malady previously, in this immediate section, are now well on the way to recovery, hi North Clarendon the disease lms been raging seriously, and several deaths have resulted in
that district. During the past
week Mr. Garnet Horner, (who attended by her niece, Miss M a ye took possession of <he Geo. McCord Wilson and the groom was attendit rm last Spring) fell a victim to eq by the brides nephew, Mr. the plague leaving a wife and two Clifford Elliott.
small children. Another victim After the ceremony was perform-was Mi s. Edward Hodgins, who ed the bridal party motored to the also leaves a small family of young bride’s sister, Mrs. Jas F. Wilson children in the bereft husbands After receiving congratulations care. 'In Zion section, several all >at down to sumptuous wedding families have been attacked by breakfast.
the disease, in some instances as jn the evening Mr. and Mrs.
many as four or five cases break- Armstrong motored to their home
ing out within a day or two in one nt Davidson.
household.	All join in wishing Mr. and Mrs.
On Calumet Island there have Armstrong a long and prosperous been numerous ca«es, and some journey' tlnough life. -Com. deaths, including that of Rev.	Stevenson—Smith
¦BBS
¦MB
also wore white silk, while the
groom was ably assisted by his brother, Pte. C. H. Stevenson, of
Toronto.	_	, . ,
The groom’s gift to the bride At the Presbyterian Manse. Aril- wai a goid sunburst and chain ; to prior, on Monday, Oct. 28th, by the bridesmaid, a brooch set with the Rev. Mr Cliff. Mrs. Archie .)ear|y, and to the groomsman a Campbell to Frederick Campbell, gold tie pin Buth of Arnprior.	After tin- ceremony tbq bridal
Draper, of/ion section.	We all join in wishing Mr. and
ARHSTKONG-STEPHEN*	Mn. Stevenson a happv ami pros-
A quletbat pretty wedding uwk ll‘j|,,!i!yJ«m'ieMde nt*the groom»
?ïr.Vtt*h° ,r:=... krZ'iia,""™' "”r
age, Slmwville, when Mary fcunly 1,6119 uay" vu
SHAWVILLE
H. E. MITCHEM
Opposite Misses Wilsons Confectionery
Stephens was united in marriage to John Hugh Armstrong, of Davidson, Que.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Tripp, pastor id the Methodist Church. The bride was
MILITARY SERVICE
BRANCH. -
P. S. -Two second-hand Separators Four good Horses.
Notice To Farmers
OVERCOATS
r
V
Farmers should note that it is against the Law to use wheat for feeding purposes Any supplies over actual requirements for seed and bread must be sold.
The price named by the Board of Grain Supervisors for Canada for wheat grown in the Province
of Quebec is $225 for No, 2 Wheat, F. O. B. cars,
Montreal
Saturday, Nov. 16th,
E
R
Is Overcoat Day at
DOVER’S.
We are prepared to buy your wheat of that grade at this price less the freight to Montreal.
c
: you have not got a carload, ship in bags which if return to you.
If
we wi
o
We offer our entire of MEN S HEAVY OVERCOATS at a reduced price of $3.00 on any Coat you may choose.
We have over sixty Coats to choose from, Prices from $16 50 to $32.50.
Consign your wheat to :
THE OGILVIE FLOUR MILLS CO., LTD.,
ROYAL MILLS, MONTREAL
A
and^send up the bill of lading with j|-ou Hu Headdress your wheat
Marriages
T
The Ogilvie Flour Mills Co., Ltd.
MONTREAL
When ordering, specify Ogilvie'» Government Standard Flour
and Ogilvie # Rolled Oats.
Campbell — Campbkli
s
Gall Early.
M
A. DOVER.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE
1 pair of Ram#, (1 riiearX-—Dxford-
1 litter of young Chester white Pig*.
1 pair of Collie Pirn#.
HUGH YOUNG, Bristol.
One Cheviot Ram, registered Call, write, or phone
ROY DUFF, Maryland, Que.
