###PAGE###1###


i
'
O
No. 6, 37rn Year.
3HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
JULY as, 1U18
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1871
The Road to Independence
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
4,750,000
Trouble comes to all of us at one time another.
The man with a snug bank account, is fortified against the ‘slings and arrows of outrageous fortune”.
It is the duty of every man to lay aside something for the inevitable niiny day.
Open a Savings Account today- and take your first step along the road
Independence.
OTTAWA
or
'J
04 Branche* In Canada.
1
Goods Now Wanted


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
»
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Black hum,
Sii George Burn.
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon George Gordon.
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle .	-
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander M a c la re in M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George li Perley E. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager ;
H. V.Caun.
• Chief Insptctor
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
Binder Twine Paris Green
Ice Cream Freezers Fruit Jars
William’s Fly and Insect Destroyer Butter Crocks
Ï0!*S
r
I
to
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
Machine Oil
Chicken Feed A few bags first qualiiy Corn at $3.00 bus.
Head Office : Montreal O F CAN ADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH.
OU YON BRANCH.
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH, «.
Axle Grease Door, Window Screens
Established J864.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A REID. Manager • D. L. WILLSON. Manager. C. E. SHAW. Manager.
Let us supply your needs
We will do it right.
The work-meeting of Shawville I 11. M. Club, will be at the home of Mih. J. L Shaw this week—Thursday evening.
Make Buttermilk your hot weather drink. Two big quarts for five cents. Always on ice at The Shaw* ville Creamery.
PERSONAL MENTION
Miss Amy McCagg, Ottawa, is visiting her aunt, Mrs. Ernie McRae, and other friends in town.
Mrs. Hammond, Ottawa, is the truest of Mrs. Smiley at Green Lake.
Mrs. J. It. Edwards, of Mail»was-ka is the guest of Mrs J. A. Hod-
gins this week.	I Our instruction Is Individual, and the
. Mif Velma Burge,,, of Gob.leu.	'
is visiting her mint, Mrs. J. A. Our rates are $10 per month ; do not liodgins, at Charter!».	pay a cent more.
the {Sof	‘Brow»:
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks St*
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographers. For the past y the Civil Service Commission has I’m
ear
• en
scouring the countiy for competent stenographer*. On Feb. Ht every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Your family, friend» and businc*» M»
A nice
nociatea want your portrait, range of folders to choose from.
H. Ij»i»<
Artiat in Portraiture
Canadian Food Board License Numuei
8 4503
COWLING
Announcement.—Miss M. A. Hod-gin» desire» to announce that she has taken the rooms over W. E. Maitland’» barber shop where she may found by any ladies who require sewing done.
holding it over a lamp, taking care	.	... .
stoke « ilfcn mi tlST'&m S	“S^^jSSSS: I «*" 8 ccnts »«».
lad the momuitoe», and they have been visiting friend» in this An investigation into the causes will not return, even though the hieahty during the past two weeks, of the recent disastrous tires in windows be left open all night. Mrs R. Dagg, who has been re- Pembroke opened on Friday last.
siding at	Madawaska for some It is strongly suspected that the I Learning office work	is	like learning
Although over-head appearances time past,	returned to Slmwville hist tire was deliberately started. »ny other kind of work	or	trade
tes/fc S?p&ÆwiS." s,»L,Ife -Sp. .1» winiïs	I
ssstslo! Z ,Tj' Z:	Szszzs? ^ SSBECZ:
vice consisted of the usual Even- from Alberta a short time ago. CâP Notice.—Parties reauinmr let couutant. we have the best courses avail
=SEE=iriCE	3a siteFBsss,^
memory of the late L.-Corp John 1 1 week* duly Juth.	during the month of August.	I Willis College	Ottawa. Ont.
X. Landry, who fell at the Battle Mr. and Mrs. Walter Derrick , ,	Thos. Shore,	11391 Sparks Street, entrant» between
of Vimy Ridge.	| and baby, of Montreal, are visit-1 Ju]Y 20* Shaw ville Marble Works. I *«tehuro'sft Sims
Î5«- W E- 8hew> 8iHter I Mr. S A. Mack ay got a pretty Snow- Vigorous Growth-I ‘	„ bad shaking up along with sever a I
Samples of growing grain brought u ’.V	• !' Macdonald, of Eburne, -cvere brm-.es, as the result ot a
in by some of our inWibors, ip- g * who	*>««	training at runaway accident on Main Street
dicate that the growth of crops getawawa,	visitée Mr and Mrs. last Wednesday afternoon. Mr.
IpSSdiiEiMSppgf
in by Edward Horner of Murrells	... v	,	....	Victoria Avenue, wheie Mr. Mac-
section nre worthy of note. Roth	r'ï9 N?nce	^nnam, of	Ottawa,	kay was thrown out, and narrow y
were pulled on July 15th. One	» visiting relatives at escaped striking the pavement in
grown on the homestead, from	* am*> ?**, *,.	spent a	day	or	falling. How he escaped without
seed sown just 2A months pie r'™ friends here.	getting some bones broken seemed
viotisly, measures 5 feet ti inches; Mrs. Austin McDowell, who ac-*ft mirAcle> the other grown on the Arm- com paused Miss You nie, late
strong farm, just 2 months after teacher of No. 4 School, to her I	Marriages
the seed was put in the ground home in Ormstown, returned last	-
measures 4 feet V inches. These week.	- Sparling—Stephens.
ira-s.” %%%&& '*• % nSc sr'izjfvg-c I ~lb	ssæ I
r* 1ÏÎ	Make an appointment
% blï2s£js. ¦“ s£r„«5
sown the latter part of April, and The Misses Lillie and Ella Steele. Sparling of Thorne The bride! is a fair sample of the field, which accompanied by their mother, left who was given away by her Mr. Hudgins >ays is covered thick- on VV ednemiay last to en joy an j father. looked charming in a gown lyand shows a vigorous appear- outing with friends who have a of white satin trimmed with _	, over the distuct the I cottage at Kilroy s Bay, on the pearls and wore a bridal veil and
storv is the same—the prospect of Ottawa river, opposite Am prior. orange blossoms. Miss Lena
ÆTao.tvjssas	s±?
last from spending a few pleasant Krooni, acted a*» best man. After holidays in the Gatineau district, $he ceremony the wedding party around Kirk s Ferry, Cantley, etc. drove to the home of the bride
,ÆAsr; ^•saaiaur ,,cro""""ied by sasaasKTW S«as7|sr	SSL.-*
The gathering was addressed by the visit to his old home at Claren- cheques.
..7
Three-legged race —Wiu. McCord
OTTAWA,ONT
W. A. HODGINS
W E.Gowlino, H.G. W, Bbaithwait President
are
l’riucipul
SHAWVILLE
Ky Business notices on this
EXPERIENCE
vs
ex
EXPERIMENT.
oi pro
IP-SUMMER
BARGAINS
5 patterns Foulards worth 25c. on sale at 12Jc. per yd. 3 patterns Wrapperettes 1 piece White Corn Muslin 35
A position for every Wills Graduates
30
4 4
15
20
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Flannelettes 25, 30 and 35c.
Navy Prints 25 in. wide at 15c.
100 yards Canadian Prints 23 in, wide at 15c
552 St. Catherine West
Children’s Summer Hats
HALF PRICE
UF^
OWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stamoy St.
25 p. c. off all Men’s Fine Straws
FOUND—Between Starks Corners and Shaw ville on Saturday, July 13th, a lady's hand satchel. Owner may have came by calling at Thk Equity.
Children’s Pink, Blue and Red Hose, a few sizes only 2 pairs for 25c.
mace
FOR SALE—A good Deering Mower, almost new, can be bought cheap if sold now. Apply to Thus. A. Elliott, Box 52. Shaw ville, or home residence. Lot 13, 5th Range. Clarendon,
Boys’ Tan Jerseys, size 30 and 32 Men’s Tan Button Boots, 4.00 value for $2.50 9 only Boys’ Suits (long pants) 33, 34, 35—25 p. c, off
50c. for 25c.
North Clarendon
WANTED—A gill to do housework for family ol three on farm about mid-way between Campbells Bay and Fort Contango. Apply stating wages desired to W. B. Stephens, R R No. 1. Campbells Bay, Que.
Over two thousand visitors attended the Orange celebration at Cobden on the Twelfth.
3 pairs 6 lb. Wool Blankets
old stock (Slightly used) at $7.00, now worth
$12.00.
Three-legged race - XV ua. McCord	The following ladies who have
and A. Grier 1st, Hugh Horner and | been occupying the Wilson Cottage at Green l^ake, returned to
W.A. HODGINS
1019 cron situation is known. Miss Margaret Macfarlane, of Canada is daily incieasing the the Canada Food Hoard, Otta- manufacture of substitutes for : - Mrs. Hodge wa, is spending a few holidays wheat and consumers are urgently and little daughter, Lori ne, and with her parent», Rev. J. A. and requested to make use of these
Lily and Ktliel Mr*. Macfarlane,. Bristol. Miss ! substitutes to the limit of their
Miss Macfarlane with her sisters, Misses, ability." Henry B. Thomson. Hattie Annie and Iso bell were in town on Chairman of the Canada Food jMonday.	i Board.
C. Lattghren 2nd.	I tage at Green l>al
Standing jump—Hugh Horner| town on Tuesday
1st, J. Laughren 2nd. HBÉÉMA.................
Single ladies’ rice-Misa Des-1 the Misses Amy, Lily and jardins 1st, Miss Ebert 2nd.	| Hod g ins, Mias Auiy row les
Boys' race— P. Lunain and C. Lottie Shaw and Miss Laughren, tied.	1 Boyd.
Canadian Food Board License Number
8-3551
###PAGE###2###
Cream Wants
The Charge.
Lance pennants, fluttering, Kettle drums crashing, Rifle shots sputtering,
Burnished points flashing; Trumpets call blaringly, “Squadrons —advance!" Gallop on daringly,
Hussars of France!
Armored hoofs clattering,
Battle flags flying;
On, through lead spattering!
On, through men dying! Cannon loom hazily— Crimson each lance; Troopers reel hazily — Hussars of France!
Steeds canter aimlessly;
Wounded are calling; Soldiers weep shamelessly— Comrades are falling. Charging victoriously, Striving with Chance, Perishing gloriously— Hussars of France!
2
wm
Runaway Julietta
SWEET OR CHURNING CREAM
We supply cans, pay espreas chargee and remit dally.
Our price now Is forty-el* cent#
\
1
%

à
'Ll,
Bv Arthur Henry Gpcden
___ Dairy
743 s «lag Bt W
Mutual
CH \PTFR X11Ï	I “Here’s the description ns I copied
ipSlSi	— t Cl?WÏ - W. ,	,W the ...
araz a&t %	« “ua r.1 s,.- *tSHS c-.tss
r=î~tf si St'y^rz m.T'- nviâtos; s? ; t,; :;t„	Sits'**»
but w^hy on ca.th Juin t >cu	WurrelU.	! ing and refreshing.	in the odd moments of one month.
11 “You like it ?" he queried, smiling. “You’d hotter make them ir ve up	The body must have a liberal supply	Does this not indicate that she would
“Like it? it's a dream place! ?omv of the	accumulated profits or	mineral salts in order to maintain	rather crochet than read in	her odd
Wherever did you get the idea?” the baby also, ' he wild.	> > I ^8eif properly. Lettuce, spinach, minutes ?
“From a ranch 1 saw in Mexico.	hg t, a!U >ou ,lN< 0	¥cabbage, water cress, asparagus, cel- I myself should rather read and I
Julietta turned upon him amazvi y.	VI^o|„ gh<? hM up ft protestjng	ery, radishes, string beans and carrots	think every woman should have the
¦farul	 «Can't	hand. - “Jim Wurrell is good at hot-	contain a high percentage of miner-,	reading habit to some extent*
..	Umai! «n» littl,> of the	world ?	tom,—he'd be a lot different if it	als and should be freely used.	makes her a better companion for
1 ’ i	h	r *	Tom"	weren’t for Auntie. She's good too,	The vegetable oils, the most impor-	herself and her family.
1A Chinaman opened to them, and but she's crusted her spirit with tant of which are ol.ve, peanut and ,n the corning after breakfast 1 Clay led the somewhat dazed girl up flshness. hanlness, jealousy, and pet > vorn „il, contain just as much fuel	through the daily paper. There Conversation of an engaged couple
the step» and into the house. The »p.te and she . poisoned herself	va,ue „ hlgh priced butter or com-	^hat some of my friends and: “Why are the stars so
It was an office in reality, she saw unburdened her soul.	and economical for all cooking Pur- jHl. This probably consumes fifteen ried
with fresh surprise a severe room, I "I’ve been	thinking a lot about it	poses. W bile the cost is not notice-	minutcs Then I go to my	work in	“I	wonder	how many	telegraph
lined with books, many of these being since coming	back. If a woman like	ably much less than butter, the same	the house and gartien.	poles	it	would	take to	reach	from
law books In the centre of the room	Auntie Wurrell gets her thoughts	amount will go nearly twice as far.	()flcn in the middle of the forenoon	here	to	the	stars?"	she	mused,
was a large flat-topped desk with a	sUrted wrong, they just run .N>\sn French Dressing for Green Salads.	« , . for R little . rest in thej	“One,	if	it were	long enough. Why
'smaæ	==
Incd	next	month for the bar.	Here,	think it will make thjgfs a lot differ-	soning and stn into the oil. Add the	g]anced at earlier. In	this way 1
He placed her in	a chair	ent. So make out the deed, Clay.”	vinegar and beat vigorously until the	R pace wilh the world	news.
rear the desk and. sitting down by thet He turned silently to the typewrit- mixture thickens. Serve on fresh	afternoon as late as three or
es&aru 3% tsr, "ssttk	**u”t,m*	h?
Julietta watched in idle, strange Chinaman entered the room, bearing Combination Salad —Crisp lettuce, V"1® to ™e, e"d my
SSO& w*».• &tzs*"“*ïsr.r..«l
through a window of colored glass deed by slow degrees they ate and .. .	«J. ,	| W Lh the UP a magazine for long enough at
&. «# nts 25**3 fia n fc-nrs* ï	•stzxztï
rs?* “ ***• J”p'“ wl,hr“i! s5ï su.
The harsh, elbowing world of busi- she said with cool finality.	ready to use. A little muslin bag 1 three	, k
- that was not woman’s kingdom They drove home slowly, and for may be kept for the purpose of keep- ?r 1 go out somewhere
. In the newer realm, or the most part silently. At the dark- 3 clean ^lad greens ready for use. 1 ^rely miss an hour s reading.
Julietta sow it, there was a ened Wurrell ranch he helped her out ^ 8erving time arrange the lettuce often enjoying two or three before
z&n : Sar-i-j sari
standards than a question of finding
!
The suckers that spring up from raspberry and blackberry bushes In the patches should be treated ai weeds, otherwise rows will become too wide and too thick. The suckers can be transplanted if new beds are want*
a
COOKING WITH OILS
A woman told me she had no tune
ed
A Scottish soldier, very badly wounded, requested an Army Chaplain to write a letter for him to his The chaplain anxious to oblige, started off with—MMy dear wife. “Na, na,H said the Scotsman; "dinne pit that doon Ma wife canna aee s Joke. "
wife
It


Before and After

is Beauty m in Mery JU

dim ?" ahe


Jar
wfvmjS
is
Wmiwdoai
%—
?"
Ithkvd

IT

ft
sit down
:

:

Ingtàm's
MfflCrtéed
Ctêam
ï
u@@x
*
ft*
tiaoe

In the even
b PllSU VI
ness of the spirit

newer as e ¦	b b iebee™ ¦
deeper “business," a higher and more to the veranda step	¦
ennobling field of action. She thought “Good night," she said, extending
vaguely, shyly, of children, and thrill- her hand. “And thank you so much"**	.
ed even as she dismissed the thought. —vainly she tried to adopt the old one place, the sliced radishes in an-
w the busii s tone “for taking me into other, the celery cut into one-inch	v
another pile, and the other I time. K.r
êl
or
When youth takes flight on the wings of years beauty of complexion goes too, unless you give your skin proper and dally care. Use of Ingram's Milkweed Cream will enable you to appear youthful when you are no longer young. Its distinctive remedial effect upon the tissues of the skin keeps tbs complexion colorful, soft and fie# from blemish. It does actually “healthily" and beautify your complexion. Since 1883 there’s beln nothing else “just as good." Take no other. Two sizes, 50c and $1.00.

SOAP 0
1
The woman, she reflected
home-maker; the true sphere <rf * WB- partnership on this mtter-right a pieces in
strictly business, which was fair.”	| vegetables each in separate piles. Just j
not saving at all that women could His hand tightened upon hers. She before serving mix in the French To Be Or Not To Be—Efficient.
musmssmmm mmm
the machine.	breathless, trembling, her lips afire. 2 eggs, k* cupful milk or water, when ghe might be improving her op-
“Oh, just thinking! Why are you She touched them curiously—Had she cupfuls barley flour, 3 teaspoonfuls tunitiea or duin.r something she
“Vm 'ÏloÆ't say 'politics’. Sh" '	"squ^y""" """ tTmi^ureVen part of the flour	*"d wearl """ °Ut
1 d-Then-y^acare0^utP0xihlt l"do or	w „"*£ ^^'il'ZJrTthltuk	'
te^:^hTb»t:hewg,o;S;d:
notctl he	in silver the “I*» sorry," murmured the girl.
èSSS£ ffrjSrttrjsttl s raa^ar " *¦
pm mm
=# SiSKHrH	SSrSSS
anyone setting otitersh-MMMMgM Idea of the Ume that has elapsed may anyone setting fire to this place," de- be gathered from the fact that val-murred Julietta, and turned to her j^yS some miles in width and of a : uncle. “May I have the horse^and , deplh ot from ioo to 160 foot have l buggy this morning, Uçcle Jim. I eroded gjnce the deposit of the earl-
:Ssfe srusw sssz : r
hitch up. No automobile was on this ranch, almost out of the whole valley.
(To be continued.)
4
mss
man was
iiJ
uttvuqr—t
U U*

Warm days, household work, and kitchen hsat. all cause perspiration end shiny, oily skin. You can avoid this by using Ingram'e Vslveols Souveraine Face Powder,50c. It blende perfectly with the complexion. A light touch hldee little blemlehee, makes your eoroplealon smooth, soft and flawlsae A full line of Ingram'e toilet products, Including Zodenta for the teeth, 45c, is at your druggist's.
*• -


zjLu:

‘v*

r
»
lollv «c.
C-.

wp^r
strain of body and mind.
When I tell you that a good breakfast for six people can be prepared and put on the table in twenty-five minutes, the average woman will not
To do this you must
Com
i
mmd
A Picture
With Each Purchase
Each time you buy a pack**# of Ingram a Toilet eld* or Pci fume your druggist will give y ou,without charge, a large portrait ofa world famed motion picture actress. Each time you get a different portrait go you make a collection for your home. Aek your druggist.
F. F. Ingram C#., Windsor. Ontario
r.; _ »f »,
Fold in
?*»
am
kom# or
IK
ÜS
*
believe me have everything where you can put your hands upon it without extra
» kd Mrs
iki Ld «• $)2i

T. WmOHTOO.
i	A
» HAMILTON ^
minutes.
Oatmeal Quick Bread or Muffins
moves.
It is easier to peel the potatoes and get the vegetables and dessert ready while doing the morning work than to them at the last possible rm-
#*#
A
sat»
prepare
nu-te and rush through the cooking.
I knew a woman who insisted on having her washing on the line on Monday, rain or shine, and on having her ironing done at the latest by
Wednesday noon at that time everyone in the house was made most uncomfortable. Ae thought she was efficient and methodical but she was not. She tired herself body and soul. She was unfit to do the things that made life really worth the living.
Efficiency means nothing more nor less than doing what we must do or want to do In the way that brings best results to our everyday lives and makes us glad we can do things and
glad to live.	_______
4ar
i

If It was not done

A'
A
1 Find Time to Read
1
1 hear busy women say, “I never can find any time for reading."
The circumstances are rare in which any woman is obliged to work all of
Most of us have our hours
the
t
n
m
>
'N
ty
a
fcsiii?
I
II

__ you Know ix was "Why, ’count o’ 1 opened hia hand, disclosing a dirty
¦MU

V
THE SEAL THAT SAVES
indu
iimiieeMMiieeHMii
Your fruits, jams and jellies will come from the jar, months hence, with every bit of their “canning-day” freshness ana flu voir, if you ‘Tarow&x” each container.
Williams
PIANOS
The
Parowax completely seals against air—and airtight jars are immune to mold and fermentation.
Melt the Parowax and pour a thin coat over the jelly glasses. After putting on cover, dip fruit jars In Parowax to seal airtight You have sealed In goodness and barred out “spoil.”	#	/
Easy to use and costs but little. In 1 lb. and V4 Hx cartons, at your grocers or druggists.
New
Johnny Knew
Last summer little Johnny paid his
All his 4ffe he
first visit to a farm had lived In the heart of a great city, and when he suddenly came In sight
n
Men Needed for Harvest
MB outward beauty that distinguishes a Williams New Seale Plano Is an Index of It# Intrlnalo worth.
Into every one of these
Instruments— Ideals of craftsmanship that make for the most enduring quality.
According to the latest estimates of the authorities in charge of the pro- ( %f a haystack he stopped and gazf-d duotlon campaign In the various pro- earnestly at what appealed to him as vlnces In Canada, able-bodied men will 1 a new brand of architecture be needed for the harvest as follows: j “Say, Mr. Smith,
British Columbia, from 2,000 to 3,000; the farmer, pointing to the haystack, Alberta, from 6,000 to 7,000; Mas Why don't they have doors and win; katchewan, 20,000; Manitoba. 10,000; dows in It?"
Ontario, 12,000; Quebec. 12,000; New “Doors and windows." smiled the Brunswick, 2,000; Nova Scotia, no farmer. “That ain't a house, Johnny,
outsiders needed; Prince Edward Is- that’s hay.'B M I	I
land, no outsiders needed. These men “Don’t try to josh me, Mr. Smith! will have to come from towns and was the scornful rejoinder of the city cities of their respective provinces In ' boy "Don't you suppose that I know
Now Is the time to plan, | that hay don't grow in lumps like
that»”
T
U

I M
RIAL OIL, LIMITED
he remarked to
Ideal# ere built
Branches In AU Cities.

Bungalow Me de I, $460,00
THE WILLIAMS nAHO C&, LIMITED, OSHAWA, OlfT.
cmnc
most cases
prepare and organise.
IIIIUI'
him-eeMniii
fltlîfll


###PAGE###3###
OUR SPLENDID
ARMY DOCTORS
to each other for dear life, trusting to an almost imperceptible movement of * the man who led
They started at ten at night. It j ed and the color flowed back to pal* was three o'clock next morning when cheeks, the doctor stfcggered back, soaked with rain and mud, to hie “pill-box” in the line.
CANADIANS IN . PERILOUS VOYAGE
[ENEMY BUNDED BY HIS OWN GAS
lion» Everyone momentarily expected to hear the crash, to feel the shudder as a torpedo struck our own ship. It was a trying time for the strongest men—but everyone smiled, and the women—their behaviour was beyond all praise. Though agonies of anxiety must have tortured those mothers, not a whimper did they utter, not an «X» dentation of fear. With their arme about their little ones they eat there a welting the worst, calmly, bravely, heroic kinswomen of the Canadians at the Front.
All this time those congregated on Back from the perils of the sea, ' deck had been witnessing a terrific saved miraculously from the fate that performance of the sea close by. A
the hand there, the tense faces relax-
The Late Comer.
At length the waves of cheering which had greeted the advent of each ship from tn« gathered crowd died away, and the ever-thickening barrier of mist was unbroken by black hulls. a	+L	, Then the young bride of the Prim-
„ ; -*—s° s"““- -,u "-™ the breeding pen,. When the egg „ Her eyes «ought their.	That 11 Doea lnventora
yield drop, in the mrly summer or iUoug, for gome reei,uring look.	Greeter Injury,
when the egg yield doe. not pay for ^ her gh| ,lone of them a„ had	/'
the feed, sell off all hens over two nf>t come jn	German ingenuity in producing gas
year, old and even the y«.r-old. cull ()n,	^ ,tretched	quick with which to overwhelm the enemy
pretty well Poultry at thi. time of arm and murmured some brave ex- h« "way worked out as Intend-the year will bring a better price	pUnation	of itl abeenee wlrich decelv-	"d wholly to the advantage of thoea
than later and feed and .pace will be	„d „„ „	Bnd ,ilenre fell on the	employing It. In the recent offensive
J?f" *av'.d for the best of the year-old.	The	intimate quiet|y the Intensive g»« «hell bombardment
¦¦	¦	¦¦¦	to save. While and the growing chicks. Old hens, as	d	leavin, two onlv witll with which the German precedes his
.. . ,w* °” our ve8ael caught not	the bayonet, rifle, and gun do their	a rule, especially of the heavier varie	th**^r| oukrt.r	hour passed•	' attacks has had occasionally unfore-
the	slightest glimpse.	deadly work, the delicate instrument	ties do not	pay for their feed in late	|hen on(l of (hem who	gtjl, # , faÿ	seen after effects upon the Germans
llliüi1	EÜH1 !
Which guarded the flanks of the con- »lon of the8e fearfl0me under water	He must work on with clear brain and	the cockerels as broilers or as "mail j gesticulated wildly.	The other, who	* modification of the normal [
voy of some pight ships pitched and bombs, even at that distance, the stout	unfaltering hand, hour after hour,	roasters.	j had her arms round	the young wife,	tas" shell, and the usual distinctive
tossed as they plowed	through	the	"teel	plates of our ship rang	as	though	operating	under	Are	in	cramped	dug-	In an experiment carried on at the	,ooke(j up	(juirkly| dragged her to her	odor Is very much reduced, so that
the bigger	vessels	glided	from	the	blows of	a	giant's	sledge-	outs, making	quick	decisions,	wasting	Experimental harm in the spring of	feetf and	thrust the field-glasses into	the gas is not so easy to detect. Men
smoothly along A crowd of women hammer. Geysers of black smoke and on the dead no second that can be giv- Ul 7 with Leghorn chickens, the sale her hand	; who suffer from Its effects are tern
and children returning to Canada a «Pray shot skyward at each thunder- to the living, seeing nothing but of the cockerels paid all expenses for (	War Cloud's Silver Lining	| per art ly blinded, and close contact
sprinkling of Invalided Canadian of-; ous detonation.	I broken manhood and the anguish of j incubation, brooding and feed for Dazedly she looked where she was wl,!l '"mes produces an unplea*,
fleers and a party of discharged Cana- Two sly periscopes, almost Invisible	the newly wounded, with death ever.	themselves and pullets up until the directed— and then a	great burst of	an* *kU' irritation. For the average
dlan men, invalids and cripples, going in the choppy great sea. were busy	hovering near and raging outside,	first of September. When the pul lets, cheering ran through	the town, for	ease eight or ten days' hospital treat
home, comprised	the passenger	list	of	trying to spot more victims among	whilst he steadily, methodically, swift-	u ' ri ,n	lr\^ quarters on Novem- ^	there, staggering valiantly in, with	ment l« necessary, but the gaa iii
our ship.	Wo	wore	practically	a	hoe	the	convoy, but though the Huns	ly works for life within.	ber ,Bt»	had cost over n”tl ah°*e	one funnel clean blown	away, and a	neither fatal nor does it inflict per
Pita I ship of convalescent cases. It fired six torpedoes all told/, five went Seventy-two Hours at a Stretch. " ?	?	e *\e ° Thî! Iheavy iist ^ starboard, came the manent injuries, for our men are /.of
was about 4.30 In the afternoon of, wide of the mark.	,	, L	, 4. cotkerols 3 9 , CCI\ts 1eath* /hl” Primrose. With every nerve stretch- exposed to it long. So much for our
Tuesday. 25th June, and many, follow- The clang of our ship's plates at The valor of those surgeons of the exper iment showed not only that it ed t0 the iimjt of endurance, the first- of the uuestlonHj^^H^H^ Ing English custom, were sitting in every blast was rather trying to the	who man the advanced aid-posts, paid to sell the cockerels early, but rt-Heutenant’* wife waited till her ship
the saloon enjoying a cup of tea and nerves of the passengers, who felt In Itbe dressing-stations, and the ca8URty | j1^0 (	™ e h * pUfh* \°.U (lf«w "ear enough for her to disting- From the German point of view Qie
a biscuit. The writer was standlngeon each impact the blow of a torpedo It- « taring-stations is magnifie** , ®i .	, 1 ,	*	y uish the little group on the bridge. I w,.apon has proved decidedly double
deck In conversation with a Toronto self, though for that matter the ex- "train on tht‘m terrific. Subject to could be bought in the fall.	One of them lifted a hand with a' 3	|	|	I
lady, who has lest two splendid sons plosion of the missile made actually "bell-fire and bombing-raids—an ex-|	%	--¦»- quick gesture, and, with a glad cry
In the war. We were about the only less noise than the depth-charges. P08e" lo whole gamu o war rpjfp nTTIinil AP	"be fainted in her friend's arms.
passengers on that side of the deck The effect at close quarters upon the they themselves often pay the su- I Hit K f I IjKil llh	Thus was the fashion of the coming fpd that lt waa markedly less volatile
Just then, and we leaned over the rail fragile plates of a U-boat can well be Preme Prive for those lhcy 8eek	in of the “Yth” Flotilla, covered with than the usuai gas content, and where-
gazing out across the sunlit sea Imagined. If within a certain radius, save*	. j	Till? CI ATII I A ,aureI"* and with an incredibly short ever H Hhell exploded a considerable
watching the "Orissa," a small freight- the U-boat’s plates are dented by the These men in the midst of the	I IIIj I LUI 1 LLH list of casualties; and happy were the proportion of the charge impregnated
er of over 6,000 tons, which waa plow- shock, ar*v water pours in along the c,amor of war kn()W 1,tt e of how tbe	_ faces, and joyful the hearts of the the surrounding ground The fumes
ing along rlgtft abreast of us, and started rivets. Even if too far off for the battle goes ; they are there to |	little community whose anxious time suspended in the air dispersed fairly
some 600 yards away.	| this, and the undersea boat escapes, ! save« ;in(1 ll 18 °",y the re3U 1 1. y PEN PICTURE OF THE GRIM RE- of waiting is lightened by the expec- rapidly, but the actual site of the ex-
her delicate interior machinery is ee®* Sometimes there m a urr,eJ	aiityopwao z	tation of such a day as this.	plosion remained virulently poisonous.
sr“—*¦— ...........................Z	isrjrsntsrsys
ly obeyed, and the great work of re-
had disappeared bow-up Into the sea paration is coolly carried on in health- Srt,n<. at a Nava| Base in the British ' Three Decades Lait Month Since Gen-
amid a cloud of steam, some 24 min- 1er quarters.	Wh,„ His Majesty's
utes after she had been hit, a de- Tommy himself often has a very water nd r«- fh	. stroyer wirelessed us the Joyful news hazy idea of what happens to him he-	Ships Come Home.
"Orissa" a geyser of wat'r'andwhlte ^ «'ey had got the U-boat. A cer-, fore he reaches the base, or is entrain- Far in the north of Britain ne9t-1 «d the throne of his ancestors that Is. things that the
rfr rfr,“ -:arïati.sr'sr1sr-'
the stern and to drop behind. She been her uneral. Some time later an advanced aid-post He found him- roofe(| ,.hur(.h jts streets are narrow »wrlal dletlnctlo=	then on|y ot Potions with gas shells In the most
had hern hit by a torpedo. And that sister U-boat whose presence had self lying on a t^stle.-.th'8t, w™ and cobbled, and all lead, sooner or seventeen years standing.	lavish manner. Ever) redoubt sup-
ssr r„r; s -mtr- -* i sîîSJsr».	r.!rrrr„r
ss. “ sr rzrzr c «. rr:„riTr - fas=% r °£ :	v,.. -,	==%= zrzz
"Orissa" had just quickened her pace merchant service were lived up to all fe 1 on * "gure that lay on th=J,0„°fr Mariner's Haven-and every room of 1'am- the ImperialWanfler, had pre- mans moved up and occupied it. Their and moved up abreast of us a few	through the voyage by the ship's of-	T	u \	the fifty cottages, hold as many of the,	v,OU8 to, tha‘ =xerc,8ed considerable	bombardment	had	been	miles	deep,
minutes before the Hun hit her.	fleers. For days the gallant old	stained	overall,	who ha<l	mothers and helpmeets of the officers ' f0™- for' during hls grandfathers	their advance	was	In	proportion
In less than three minute.' time the	whlttvbearded Scotch captain never	through	the rush ^seventy-two	of his Majesty's Grand Fleet as their	last ,1"le8S and wh,te hi8 fa,her waa
torpedoed vessel had stopped com-	left the bridge. Never known to swear.	.our* WI	ou a	>rea . s .e	*	,	grey-stone walls can bé compelled to
pletely and slewed around, and lay the skipper broke his record this s ee°P 088 ®ur® °	• n * *	accommodate—and criminally great
there with her exhaust blowing off time. The first officer, a splendid type pal.n~ at	18 as vv ' c Lis the profit of the canny landlords
and momentarily settling deeper at of British seaman, told the writer that ant en LO apse *	and proprietors thereof,
the stern. By tills time her life-boats the old skipper paced the bridge all ^nly the doctor himself knows the One day a whisper passed through
* * F#
mm mm iœ üü ipe
‘Jr™.. ssas	ssssz
WÊÊBm mystery and wonder of that moment	i auereu ana lorn.	rpal pleasm to garri*on-alarms. He apparent TWO B shelters and dugouts
Grey haired mothers there were	Successful Camouflage.	*hen the tide turns, comes a long-	By noon the streets were full of	was as proficient at this as he was at	that	that been safe and	habitable for
with grown-up fighting sons and with It is well known that the Germans	drawn, shuddering sigh of absolute	people hurrying to share the mingled	Socialist-muzzling. Munich was rldl-	days	became deadly as	puff adders,
grandchildren,	mothers with little	compel prisoners of war to praise the	weariness, a violent perspiration, and	; J°y anfl apprehension—and, incident- ruling him in the nineties.	The unsuspecting	troops were overchildren who hugged Teddy ears as	treatment they receive and permit no	then sleep—heavy, healing sleep. Into	ally, a meal and a window —with bo-j His eye waa on the British Empire	whelmed
they sat waiting for the worst	letters to pass which contain com-1	the doctor’s face, as he catches the	som friends,	and by two o’clock every	as a future suburb of Germany many
mothers with tiny babies	One ma-	plainte, but one prisoner evaded their	orderly’s eve, flashes a gleam of con-	window held	its crowded group, hav-	years ago. His journeying, brought ever started	gas
jor’s wife sat In a corner of the deck	vigilance when he wrote to his parents	tented triumph. OH Man Death beat-	as central figure someone kneel-,	him to England in 1891. On July 10th	they	improved it
with her little family of four Every	in Toronto the following apparently	en again! Another life saved for	ing on the window-sill, field-glass in	In that year he reviewed twenty five	uo pity for them The effect on their
one of these tots was underNflve Two laudatory letter:—	Britain!	hand- J	, , ,	„ ^	. thousand Volunteer* at Wimbledon, morale is bad. for no man can tell now
were twins of six months sitting	“We are having the very best treat-	A gassed man	at this base spoke to	Towards three o clock a light mist| One way and another a glance at the	what terror of their own sowing lurks
there without a whimper in their big	ment. The Germans provide us with	me of a medical	officer, whose name	hung, like the smoke of some super-, three decades Is very illuminating In	in the ground that they occupy at the
wicker basket	The other two were	the best of everything. We could not	he doesn’t even know, but whose deed	bonfire, over the leaden waters of the 1890 Heligoland became a part of the	cost of thousands	of	lives,
a flaxen haired	boy and girl. "Sonny"	' be better treated if we were with our	will be a life-long memory.	harbor; and at four o’clock an excited German Empire In 1892 William was
and “Cissie,” cute kiddles in	bare legs	own people. There is only one thing	Seven of them were blinded and	exclamation	from little Mrs. Duns tan,	busy lecturing his more or lesà faith-
and pink sweaters. These	last two.	we could wish for, and that is to be at	choked with a tear-shell one pitch	the wife of	the lieutenant of * the	ful Brandenburgers on the duty of not	It	Mas	Worth a Fry.
like a dozen other youngsters of trteir Mount Pleasant"	black night. Only a doctor and his Buttercup, who occupied the window grumbling at his wishes. On March The small boy stood at the garden
own age on the boat, came scamper-	For the enlightenment of our read-	orderly were in	the advanced aid-,	of the front bed-room of Harbor View Srd, 1892, several newspapers were	gate and howled and howled and howling along the deck clad In the big,	era, it may be added that Mount	post in the line,	the dressing-station	Inn; haiJfd1“Je appearance of the first confiscated in Berlin for daring to	^ An old ]ady paused beside him.
down-filled adult sized life-belts, which	Pleasant is a	cemetery.	being some three miles behind. To	ljark hull sliding ghostily through	the	quote what The	Unies said	of the	«what’s the matter, little	man
they like all the grown-up passengers,	----*------ have kept the blind, suffering men in	mist Horn every house came	the	Empefors speech. About this	period	^ aKke<j in a kindly voice.
had been obliged to wear continuous-	It	Was Correct.	'	the post till daybreak was impossible, |	«nmd of windows hastily flung	up,	Potsdam fell foul	of Punch.	“Q-o-oh!” wailed the youngster,
ly since the vessel started on her	This	teacher was. having some as by that time the fumes from their	and heads were craned eagerly	for-1	The foundation	was laid The Gen	„pa and ma won’t take me to	the pic-
perilous voyage.	I	trouble with a certain pupil in gram- clothing would have gassed the other*,	ward.	As the ship stole nearer, the	man State became a Secret s< < iety a	tureg	to-night!”
mar.	To leave them out,Me was equally im-	veracity of the rumor re the "action"	year after the death of the old Km per-	„B	t	dorVt	make guch „ noise." said
“Now. little girl, would it be. pro- poggible.	waa dramat.c.lly confirmed. Never or. The advantage of the Junkers was dam„ admonighin(t,y. -Do they
to say, ‘You can’t learn me noth-	Quiet Heroism.	one would imagme. had such a batter- worked for the benefit o the dishonest	^ when	hW.
^	ed, disreputable craft managed to and corrupt camarilla in Berlin —see	,
The doctor took the lead. The first j crawl into harbor under her own the Eulenberg and Liebenberg Castle a sightless man placed his hands on the 8team—until the next, her wire- revelations of ten years since.
“doc’s" shoulders, the others followed jeg8 dismantled and one funnel leaning ,The Fifteenth of June was a date suit, the orderly bringing up the rear,	at an	angle of fifty degrees, loomed	of promise William s inheritance was
and in single file the nine started their	out of	the mist. Faces grew white	In a falrl/ flourishing condition when	'e
ghastly three-miles walk in that inky, j with apprehension as ship after ship, he took It over on June 16th, 1888. He shell-strewn area
THE MEN WHOSE MISSION IS
TO SAVE.
SAW THE “ORISSA" OF THEIR CONVOY TORPEDOED.
AFTER RESULTS OF GAS SHELL
BOMBARDMENT.
Dispose of Old Hens and Breeding
Stock Early.
There la a Big Debt Owing to the Medical Men in France, Who “Carry On" Unfalteringly.
Shell Was Meant For Them—Deo*
troyere Sunk the U-Boats With Depth Chargea.
Few women—and not all men—will
HJI ¦ JHHI 1	ever realize what they owe to the unbefell the Llandovery Castle on the	moment after	the torpedo hit, our	faltering courage and	the calm	skill
same day In the same deadly Irish	neighbors, the	destroyers, whisked	0f those who mend our	Army,
waters, a number of Canadians, In- around like live things and, putting Among the ranks of those whose eluding a contingent of Torontonians,	on full speed, rushed through the seas	business is to destroy	work the	gg
have the events of their recent trails-	in the direction	of the hidden U-boat,	whose mission it is I
Atlantic voyage stamped indelibly up- ' of which BgBBBBggggBg^g|Bgggg| on their memories
The coast of Ireland had faded Into
tear
waters.
/
New Weapon Two Edged
This was especially the case the Somme during the last offen-
edged » on
slve. The chemical was so concentra-

Torpedo Shook Ship.
Suddenly a metallic clang sounded, and a violent tremor shook our ship.
"What Is that?" exclaimed my neighbor In a startled voice.
Then, even as she uttered the words, a dull roar came over the
Just after our unfortunate escort
eight hours or so, but this concentrated chemical remained active for a much longer period.
The result was decidedly comic, for years ago, the present Kaiser ascend it was evidently one of the many little
Grosser General
man Emperor Came to the Throne.
On the fifteenth of June, 1888, thirty
Poisoned by Their Own Gas.
at San Remo, struggling against the Incurable disease which carried him off. the then Prim e William acted as up into the gas Infected area, sat dow n Regent, and was "run” by Bismarck as f°r cover In virulently poisoned shell a promising pupil, who little dreamed holes, billeted themseves in abandon-March ed hutments sprayed with their own
the Chancellor and gas—and only began to notice the ef-
During
Thousands of German troops poured
Ing ship to sinking wreck
Women Very Brave.
Exhausted men lay down in the dusk
For-

their pain and terror.
A day or two of wet weather seemed
•III I
forgotten. Then came the blazing sun
The
man
The Germans are sorry that they
still sorrier that
But one can feel
*»*
Trying Time of Waiting.
fine baby girl of three, who had cut a droll figure the first day of the voyage, running about the deck crying and trying to pull off her unwelcome
life-preserver, now toddled along quite resigned to the unwleldly apparatus, tugging on the leather leading strings to which her mother kept her harness ed. Near them sat a mother whose g tor y of how in Darkest Africa two husband was one of the Canadian doc- natives were watching a leopard chas-tors killed In France as he was oper- ing a very large and very fat white She was taking her little man. .	#
Gt
“Yesfm, it would,” replied the girl. “Oh! Perhaps .you’ll tell me why!” Cause you can’t!”
I If

“S-sometime* they do, and -and sometimes they d-d-don’t!” bellowed the bov. “But it ain't any trouble to
44 t
No Argument.
A returned missionary tells the
Keep the young animals grow ng.
¦	¦	each bearing fearful tokens of recent has brought the property to—well, j
At times the duck-boarding had been strife, drew slowly in to the "harbor, j those whose buslnes It will be to look A calf, pig or colt will never wholly-blown away, yet one dare not risk a Qn the deck of each crowded the mem-f into the accounts and inquire Into the recover from stunt ing in youth, gleam of light for guidance. Stumbl- bers of ward-room and gun-room, and balance-sheet can be left to do the It was estimated in 1907, after a ing in mud and darkness, it took this anxioue eyes were strained to search work.	full inquiry, that the annual average
tragic little party an tiour to crawl for beloved faces; till, on seeing a	—— +— ----------	, loss caused in Great Britain by each
round one shell-hole, seven of them handkerchief somewhat ostentatiously Thrift is only bridge over the rat was $1.80, in France, and in crying, choking, blinded men, clinging drawn from a breast pocket here, or wheat crisis.	I Denmark, $1.20.
daughter home.

Said one native to the other
Can
Huge, shawls and wraps and cups of you spot the winner?' tea were brought out to the anxious | “The winner is spotted, ' replied the waiting groups of women and children, other African. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I

###PAGE###4###
Trouble was nvvvtvtl, hv» n the understanding that
submit t 'mu t vt ( amid
I
fx
THE EQUITY.
SHAWV1LLE, JULY 25. 1918.
I
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
X'U;v

t<
ver
1



W(
1>

It I
Ë
II
g, handed

tin
01
vu
â
Pleasing |
Scientifically
prepared
'
that
, i
Friday 1
MlMUim

11 %
liUdvmlnrtf era! Staff
(
toil wit I
flavor, i



t!
1
EXHIBITION
t Hindi

E
r
i
the d

i.

to his account a
x
1 V
t. The judgment



l'U
c
tty generally the decisimi it would have a fleeted
satisfaction l»> the press | I throughout Canada
mill
3
I u

OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
I*
t il Y


the status oi
Che win
t wv hau
!
\ tletiichmci
men wl
nier, and who would have had
ling further legislu-
Joliett

del
1
c
V <
rccmeut of tin Ivscrtvr* are re-
ilSiiipl
Racing Better and Bigger Midway. %
“Big Time" Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
the attempted t Nmneroi lu in hidii
to 1h* released pe tion on the iiiattvi
t*\VI
draft law t ted t<
Is the worlds best chew.
5 "It is the most economical chew.'
.1
Î
V ill
I
fill
U 1
t tliv \
The fourth Uvrtiuui «hive which was launched on tl though hacked 1>\ great weight of mvu
net
1 Itl
^mniiiinnimmmiuiimimiimiiiiiimiiiiiiiiuiiUiiiuiiuMiiuiuniiimnmmniiimim’
nvvts in s;a*eta1 insider the «jues-of the county
. uknu t.nul, whvh !m> W» ... to	^	im,mUliU,ly ,,,akvn
the Bank of ( >tt,.wa. I he quest.,.,, of ^ ^ ^ ^ Amer|can colnit,r Httiuks y system of improved roads on m formulated by the pmvineii government will also In* brought up for consideration.
The t "lint \ i out session thi" week t tion of the dispos
was deflu
and tremendous gun jmwer, itelv halted within four or five miles of
<4
I
u|M»n proof by the applicant tint l.« was 1 A delegdion from the K n side Horn* effectively engaged in food production. makers ( I ill; waited on the Hoard tt'k The Registrar rules that the applica- ing that this Commission take steps t< tion for exempt i«»n having after the eer-1 have flagpoles erected and flags pro titirate of exemption had lapsed, he had cured for the nine public schools in !	' * I- refer it i-- a tribunal I i Hi 1
considnation, T1 Minish --f Justice
having extended the time fur applying grant the request of the Klmdde Home to renew the exemption, with the ap- j makers* Club and have flags erected at proval of tliv Central Appeal Judge, the the nine public schools in Hristol Central A pi »eal Judge i uled :	|	—C'omr C’anipladl — that lia
“ 1). That notwithstanding anything following hills la* paid : to the contrary in the Military Service lb llussett, work X- supplies No.
Act, the regulations passed under the 2,
War Measures Act give lawful authority .1. Marks, work A supplies No. (*,
I. A. < "Win. advt. t"i te u hex -
Most ot the ground
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing ight. Saturday Sept. 16th -Countless other attractions.
SF.F. LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
j while an Allied offensive started on tin west side of the German advance, between Soi "sons and Chateau Hi terry, has met w ith greater success than was anticipated. French and V. S. troops participated in this attack, which is described as the most vigorous allied offensive of the \ear. The advance was t|uivk and effective, and the enemy was driven from a numlier of small towns and ullage* in rapid succession on Thursday night. The result of the allied thrust up to that time is represented in the capture of 13,000 prison! 100 guns, besides hundreds of machine guns and much supples.
General Fuchs counter-offensive launched on Thursday, is reported in Monday's despatches to Ik* still forging ahead, notwithstanding that heavy reinforcements have Urn brought up by
the enemy. The latter have been driven hack across the Marne, and were forced
!
ni
That w<
C’umr McLeod
Motion
John W. Brant, Treasurer
w art McClenàGHAM, Prrxid* n\
J. K. PAISLEY, Manage and Secretary
List kw eek the Am prior Vhmnich s.ii«l some very sensible things editori
ally In regard to the vagaries and eeeen tnvitivs of the Canada Food Hoard, hief mission of late seems to It1
$J!».10
47.08
1.00
7.1X1
(UX>
whose
the making and revoking of regulations,
just when i«eople have gone t roul *1
for ex impie, the order governing breadmaking and the labelling thereof by
to the Minister of Justice and the On tral Api»eal Judge conjointly to extend Ivetta Hush, sweeping No. 7,
W. Hoss, firing No. 0 School,
MARKET FOR
to till
the time in much a came
That much extension of time M. Drummond, sweeping No. I
f> months
PULPWOOD
t preparing to observe them
should be granted and the u d farmers
exemption allowed on |»nn>f that the Mrs. (.'ole, work at No. f> S« hool applicant is in good faith and effectively 1\ Gallagher, “	“ G
engaged in agricultural production.” V. Young, firing No. 1
H Tubman, tii ing and ch u in ; No. 4 School,
G. Connelly, sweeping No. G,
M. Young, “	' I,
4.00
8.00 70.00
7.00
oner"
manufacturers
The Highest Market Price
11.00
7.00
The latest intelligence regarding Nicholas, former Kmperor of Russia, is that he was shot by order of the Bolshe-viki Government on July 10. The information conies from an official source
The late
Continued Increase m tbe Rev
enue of Canada.
will be paid by the undersigned tor any quantity
10.00
Notwithstanding the decline which Audi s* Report mi l be accepted.
Motion Comr McLeod That ( nr
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOD
. place in importe, the revenm of the Dominion continues to show sub- Horner inspect No. 4 School and report , hi i ll increase ovei that for the same to the caretaker what i	have
|ierio<l of last yerr.
From April 1, the beginning of the present fiscal year, to July 10, the total revenue of the Dominion amounted to seventy four million dollars as com pi red with sixty-nine million dollars of the corresponding |»eri<sl of the last fiscal During the period in question, while there has been decline in customs revenue of three million dollars it has been more than counter balanced by the
increase in excise and especially by t«h \ Brown Mare 5 yrs weigl t 1201 from the business j war i Brown Mare 7
1 Colt
1 Bay Mare 1 Gray Mare|
1 Brown Horse 11	“
1 Black Horse 0 44 To go at low prices and easy terms. For further particulars apply to.
GKO. CAMPBELL,
Local Agent,
Bristol, Que.
and is likely to I*» correct
removal is nothing short of a low,
czar s
>wardly murder and furnishes convine* g i	the unfitness of the
who
made to it.
Motion t'omrs Campbell That the Secretary advertise for u teacher for No. 9 School.
Move
also to vacate Chateau Thierry than 20,000 prisoners and 560 guns
have been captured. Th
advanced on a twenty five mile front
VI
To be delivered at sidings along the 0. P. R. and C. N. R. Railways
men
mmitted :t to rule even in Rtis-
havt
Alii

Comr McLeod that we d<
Motion now adjourn
ma
between Chateau Thierry and Soissons, to an average depth of five to seven miles.
The situation now pretty clearly indicates that Germany’* i tower to overwhelm and crttdi the Allies in France longer exists. The beginning of the end is in sight !
G. T. Drummond,
Sec.-Tit
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
German submarines in their gradually diminishing toll of piracy, included, however, in last week's operations, two largo vessels—one the Cunard liner Carpathia, which will Ite remembered as having rescued the survivors of
the ill fated Titanic
was the British transi nut lïarunga (formerly a German steamer) which was bound for Australia with several hundred unfit Australian troop* on hoard. Fortunately, in these instances, tew casualties are reported, timely assistance arriving to rescue all on board.
year
FOR SALE
loot)
• I
revenue
no
1
4 •
• 4
taxation.
It is expected that the revenue for the year will be materially increased also by the returns from the income taxation for which assessments are now being made. Notices of such assess ment will U*gin to go forward on Aug list 1st.
MOO
4*
13	“
15	44
The other victim
Farmers and Dairymen % time is l%ere
1.300
44
1100
4 4
Canadian Prisoners may be
Released
1100
4 4
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
The new prisoners
London, July 17 of war agreement will, if confirmed by the Governments mean the return home of practically every Canadian in captivity in Germany, including civiliai . ,i" almost all have been there for eigl ven months, and some over two years There will, however, almost certainly be delay, possibly a considerable delay, after confirmation of the agreement before the prisoners reach England.
Minutes Clarendon Schools
Iran Imbedded in concrete In Germany has been found to be free from *ust after more than forty-five years.
The United States armored cruiser San Diego was sunk off Fire Island, on the Atlantic coast on Friday last. The positive cause of the sinking has not been established. Some of the survival ribute it to internal explosions, while others, including the captain, believe it was due to a torpedo launched from a submarine. Others again think the vessel struck a coast defence mine
Boa ni of School Commissioners of Clarendon met July 15th, 191$, to elect a chairman in the room and stead of Trueman A. Draper, whose term of office has expired.
Present :	Commissioners Laughren,
Harris, Tracy, Drafter and Wallace.
Motion—Comrs Harris and Tracy—
That Comr Trueman A Draper « is The impressive contribution made Chairman pro.-tern. —Carried.	by Newfoundland to the fighting
Minutes of last meeting read and forces of Great Britain is brought to adopted on motion of Comra Wallace the fore by a summary of enlistments and Tncv	and casualties made public recently.
E&Emrs s
t hatrman of this Board. C arried unan- war up to the end 0f December last,
imously.	6,448 men. Twelve hundred of these
Motion < omrs. Laughrenand Harris are dead
—That the following bills be pud Thus. Hobin, No. 10, out-buildings, men who enlisted in the Newfound-chimney, bell post, repairs, etc., $39.10 ; land Regiment in the first three and Miss Darkness, No. 5, supplies, #1.14 ; a half years of the war have died or Miss Florence Morrison, No. i, extra are missing and believed to have been
; V'- J. hades, J. 1 . declarations, killed> 447. The total fatalities in the $1-5 ; 8. A. Mackay, deed of sale, No. Newfoundland Naval Reserve of 14 School grant ; also discharge by Mrs. % gp? men during the same period 1>. B. Stevenson, $10.00 ; also that the were 137. The Newfoundland For-Board approves of the Secretary having estry Battalion, of 446 men, serving paid Commissioners’ board bill ami behind the lines, has lost two men. printing bill.—Carried.	Government officials point out that
Motion Comrs Harris and Tra-y— the Newfoundland Regiment had suf-
Motion—Comr W alLt* c and iracy not exceeded ten per cent.
That as the matter has been brought to Much of this heavy loss is account-the notice of this Board, re. trespassing ed for by the participation of New-on school grounds, —any one found de- foundland troops in four important stroying schaol proj>erty, or trespassing encounters on the Western front, in any way, shall be dealt with accord- These were at Beaumont Hamel, In ing to law —Carried	1 July, 1916; at Gueudecourt. in Octo-
w....--—“ « «*•k- s*.“™ mil ifrsi
brai, In November last.
All of the Newfoundland men are volunteers. The geographical distribution and the manner of living of the population, which is only 250,000, makes any form of conscription unfeasible. Seven-eights of the Inhabitants of the colony are scattered
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
3	Beep use it is so simple that a child can redily learn to take it apart and put together again
4	Because it is ho easy to keep clean
Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
0 Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
7	Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it is so easy to run
9	Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
lu Because it has other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11 Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
A CALL SOLICITED.
A LOYAL ISLAND.
Over Six Thousand Soldiers Have Gone From Newfoundland.
Have No Authority
“ The Canada Food Board ha* been informed that certain persons, representing ti ves F< od Board ii -pvet-
parts <»t Ontario and Quel manding from the householders payment of tines for alleged infractions of the Food Board's regulations, say* a statement issued by the Food Board.
“ All inspectors working under the authority of the Canada Food Board will be able to produce official certificate*, which must be presented when their authority is questioned.
“ The Food Board has not appointed any inspectors to visit private homes, and any persons claiming to have such authority should be rej>orted at once t< the nearest police authorities.”
ors
have been visiting homes m certain
, and dé-
fi
The live stock in the countries of the Allies in Europe has been decreased by 46,000,000 head since the beginning of
Forty per cent of the hogs in
MNCft- _
MADE IN CANADA
the war
1.1 vc 1 n killed, and 35 pei
It is estimated by
More than 25 per cent, of the 4,195
cent of the sheep French officials that French lb<* stock cannot l>c restored to the pre-war basis until from five to ten years after the
war
Allied Europe depends on America tor fifty per cent of its food supply the war a large proportion of this de mand will continue, is short of foodstuffs population has been decreased. Russia has been socially disorganized, and is not producing enough to feed herself. Farmers of Canada will have an export market for years, such as for which they never dreamed.
Japan Prepared for Military
Action.
After
Agent.
H. E. MITCHEM
Tokio, Monday July 15.—The Elder Statesmen met today and heard the Government’s report concerning the question of despatching troops to Siberia. Formal decision in the matter has not yet been reached, but it is 1 telle ved that the Elder Statesmen are fully supporting the Government.
Japan, it is stated in Government circles, is quite prepared for military action, hut is generally felt that she will resent any form of limitation placed on her movement of troops.
panese newspajters continue to insist that the United States Government has made a pressai to Japan concerning the question of intervention in Siberia.
Important Ruling Affecting
Farmers
The Central Appeal Judge under the Military Service Act has made an important ruling in the case of Albert Edmond Cox, of Elm Creek, Manitoba. The applicant was a farmer who had been granted exemption until June 1, by the local tribunal but who through inadvertence did not make application for renewal of his exemption before June 1, as required by the regulations. The exemption to June 1 was intended to be a temporary exemption renewable
The whole world
The live stock
NOTICE	I two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic
and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free from
Entries to Wheat or Clover Competi- all pain and stiffness lions for seed purposes must be made C McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, on or before July 25th. 8ee posters, or| writes ; 411 was troubled with rbeuraa ask for information regarding same.
R. W. HODGINS,
Sec. C. P. A. S
W
a
tisra for over fifteen years, and at times uiurtde to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Plaunt St., Renfrew, writes :441 was troubled for Rheumatism, Kidney, Stomach and I years with indigestion and tried all kinds
1	of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic
Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured, tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com
-----	pletely cured me.”
Mr. D. M. Robertson, Renfrew “ I have not had an attack of,
The Supreme Court of Canada on Friday last settled the question of the constitutionality of the order in council passed by the Government last April and later ratified to a resolution of Par liament, cancelling the exemption of men of the age* of men of 20, 21 and 22, granted under the Military Service Act. The validity of the order-in-council was attacked in the courts of Alberta where the Habeus Corpus Act was invoked to procure the discharge of a young
into military service in virtue of the said order. The Supreme Court of Al berta gave judgment in favor of the ap plication, and this gave rise prospect of a serious conflict between the civil and military authorities at
Ja
July 27th, 1918
M. A. McKinlhy,
Asst. Sec. Treas
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Si
Bristol School Commissioners
asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy/^MBWl For rheumatism or kidney trouble, I Sufferers should secure a supply of
this medicine has no equal, and it is this splendid remedy at once from Shaw
highly recommended for indigestion, ville l)rug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou-dyspepeia, biliousness, sick or sour stom- longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que.; ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, lose J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta-of appetite and asthma. If you have a wa ; M. Joyce, Quyon, Que.; or direct sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five | from the manufacturer W. M doses remove trouble.	"¦NHHHj
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren	IIP
“1 bad rheumatism in for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
f sips imÊZFM
( ampbell and Me l^eod.	.in the boats which go down to the
Minutes of last meeting read and gea cannot be taken by women. Yet confirmed on motion of Comr Camp- these fisher folk, remote from the
great	In	cases In
Motion—Comrs McLeod that Comr only occasional communication with Ross be re-elected Chairman of this St. John's, the single large town on
the island, have sent away their
farmer draftee who was pressed
bell
Ritchie,
Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 76c. per bottle. In remitting
to the
Board for the present school year
Chairman Roe. being duly «worn aub-,	J^^
frew, writes
my shoulders for over a year. I used | postage.
scribed to his oath of office.
i
LL
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
8 10603
Canadian Food Board License X cm h eu
7IVE YEAR
NEW ISSUE
\ Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Irtternsti. Published every Tkaredey
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
6%
$6,100,000.
LOSS AND GAIN
Copenhagen le used differently tmrn ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a srmafll pinch, for a start, and put it between, tho lower lip and rum, in the centre.
Afterwards you can increase the • l*e at the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you desire.
Coj^enhoren is strong, because the tobacco of whlcSi it Is made is cut into ftnv grains, whlph make* It impart its strength thoroughly and
Qtlh-kly.
Hence long wav
CITY OF MONTREAL
8 V .HCHÎPTIOW, $1 A Yk A It IN ADVANCE
All arrears must bo paid up before y p iper Is discontinued,
xr
6% FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
•m
DUE MAY 1st 1923
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100. $500. and $1000.
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November.
Principal and interest payable in Gold in Montreal or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New-York, U. S. A.
DATED MAY 1st 1918
You have everything to gain and nothing to lose by making your purchases in these lines now.
advertising rates.
r«s
(.iibnequeiil insertion Badness cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $.) W)per year.
Local announcement# inserted at tut
r it»* of S cents per line for first Insertion Hfl(| 5 cents for subsequent Insertion#.
Cm norclal «drertlslng by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application. Advertisements received without [«•
îtrMœ/.ï'.ïdïbS'i»
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub fished free of charge. Obituary poetry
a litre *1pinch" goe* a showing that Copenhagen 1» rot only on unusually eoarumricaJ ch<w, but also one of the finest quality, being made of the beat, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
1
The legality of the Ronds has been approved of by Messrs. Fleet, Falconer, Phelan & Bovey, advocates, Montreal and permission to issue has been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
Natural Shantung Silk
During tin* Hi it i -11 advance on Jericho nn enemy shell struck nn ancient totuh and revealed a " k ** I * * -ton. Investigation by the official archaeologist» connected with the
British »t a IT pointed to the nkele ton being that of an historical figure, John of Antioch. Accordingly a cable was dispatched to the War Cilice in London : “Have discovered sk«*loton mimxvsed to be that of John of Antioch.' The War Office replied trace John Antioch, tication disc.
PRICE PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
A Silk that can be put to no end of uses for knock-
or children,
Subscription# are Invited by and farther particulars may be
obtained at the offices of:
declined
about wear—general dresses lor women suits for boys or men’s shirts, 75c., $1.00, 1.25 per yd
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS, «•
RENE-T, LECLERC
JOB PRINTING.
kinds of Job Printing neatly und cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to#
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
All
INVESTMENT BROKER
160 St. James Street, - Montreal
Corset Cover of Baby Flouncing Embroidery
18 inches wide, and 150 yards to select from-solid or or open work patterns, Hoc., 50 and 60 per yd.
Quebec
Montreal
«O SL Jem** Street
AND ALL BRANCHES OP THE
Telephones! Main 1260 end 1261 (ESTABLISHED 1S01)
“Cannot Send ideiiti-
Professional Cards.
BANQUE D'HOCHELAGA
•g.ecu tu a eeitaiu «stent, nauieij,
that each grower la opposed to stan-lardlxatlon If It entails a change from his own particular style of package or that used in his particular lletrlct. Far from being decided on % package for fruits that might be considered similar by the consumer,
•or example, peaches, plums, appW, etc., the growers cannot even d• -1 ae in a standard package for peaches, tome preferring a deep 11-quart basket, others a shallow ditto, and yet	.
others a deep 9-quart. To the con- QaH ^ and 866 OUT U1C6 display OI turner and, probably to the dealer In |	_
•rnlt the standardisation of package# looks feasible and It is to be hoped ‘hat the arrangement can be brought ibout with reasonable satisfaction to ill the growers.
dr. a. h. beers
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bat • • Quk. Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
„«KKsa™. u.,..,...,
LloentUte’of Oentâl Surgery, Quebec
Mens Combinations.
BALBRIOGAN—Spring needle knit, short long sleeves, knee or ankle length, 75c., $1.00 and 1 -»> per garment.
or
YOUNG MEN
S. A. MACK AT
STRAW HATS
Men’s Underwear
NOTARY PUBLIC
¦ - • Que.
We have the one that will fit you.
Wear and wash well, 65c. and 75
Nice and cool, per garment.
Shawville,
A Slight Risk.
A British photographer writes to
BEEsport shirts and summer underwear.
I ain of an English cargo-boat told |
I dim his ship met with an accident on	——————————————
SS	! MURRAY BROS
St rutahorrTtyrdstr°onglya discouraged THE TAILORS
lim, and on being pressed for a reason. maid, "Well, you see, the harbor guards are young men with new H-=-|9es. and If they see you bobbing I about with a camera you might get oe- |a bullet through you!"
We have also a complete stock of
a. u. McDonald b.c.l.
ADVOCATE, BANNISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weeK*
Sport Shirts
Fine English Percale—free neck, $1.25, 1.50 each.
•1
SHAWVILLE.
C. F. HODGINS CO. L TD.
CEO.C.WMCHT.K.C.
AC
A i v o cate * Barrister.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
. Hull.
196 Main St.
OÜB PEAT BOGS.
u u tuiui ly wcao Miaiug wueu it
:urred. Prof. McCubbin, of St. Catb-
arines. baa found plenty of live fruit	National Games,
buds to satisfy him that the prospect 0ne 0f the odd features about the for a fair show of blossom is a good Canadian national games is that they one and the growers are satisfied to ire 80 closely associated with certain accept his decision, backed by their towna. Kitchener, which won the On-own investigations.	;ario Hockey Association champion-
Another point in favor of the prob- ihip this year, has always been ability of a good season for the fruit prominent in this sport and won a growers is the promise of a supply ot hockey trophy twelve years ago by îelp for the cultivating and harvest- creating Toronto Argonauts by a ng seasons that exists In the efforts *core of 5 to 4. Kingston is another >f the labor section of the Organiz- -0wn which is closely associated with ition of Resources Committee. Fur- Canada’s great winter sport, just as her, the fruit growers are well sat- %e names of St. Catharines, Bramp-sfled that their line of endeavor is on# Orangeville and Cornwall, all calculated to produce food that Is | great lacrosse towns, suggest absolutely needed to take the place ^rerybody the national summer gams >f staples needed for shipment over- ,f the Dominion. _
ieas. and to maintain the health of |	_ _
he general public and it is their in-ention to institute a campaign for he advertising of their product so hat distribution will be ensured. A 1 roop8(
^solution to ask the co-operation of nstance in Europe of a rapid growth, he Provincial Government in this jke	mushroom cities of the
imposed advertising campaign wa» New World. Founded In 1794 on the passed at the Niagara Fruit Growers I jte of R gma|, Turkish fortress which
mmm ms-m
it their recent convention. Several	The city as well ns the port owes
members spoke In opposition to the ltfl or|gin to a Frenchman named De laylight saving scheme, using the R|bagf an officer in the Russian array following arguments:	First, the vho hfl(J led the nttnck on the Turkish
starting of the working day an hour Ltronghold. French Influence Is strong, earlier by the sun would mean a	^ere are Important commercial
'oliage; second, quitting work an make up the population of this cosmo-iour earlier at night with the inten- | polltan city.
Ion of starting an hour earlier the
lext morning would mean trouble in 1	Quitting Work for War.
securing a good night’s rest because ••gçinog out; have to Join the col-the average farmhouse Is too warm	hog become quite a common sign
næiEEpp!
erork of harvesting an hour before nerous. Among those of an unusual otherwise necessary so as to be able iature Is the following, put up t-y a .0 make shipments to or do business monument builder; n the world outside their fruit “Having been called up for military
___	.. , service, Mr. Kennedy Is forced to close
No doubt a fruit grower, or other	hlg business, all the other male
'armer could, and would work from lmberg of the family being already
Bis
hose of the Inhabitants of the town nay be able to hold over the same ir village so as to be able/to share | j^til his return to business." tils free time with his friends and leighbors. Of course, arrangements 'an be made for overtime, but. the idea of paying for overtime all the times does not appeal to the fruit war
welve Thousand Square Miles Could
Yield 9,800.000 Tons.
Hon. Martin Burrell, as well as the Reconstruction Committee of the HHNBH	Cabinet, has been studying the ques-
BARRISTER SOLICITOR ion of the use of peat. RecommenT n	a x’	17	lations are before the council which
CAMPBELLS	BAl,	(jl	-b.	t i8 expected will result In making
i start towards getting some bene-Willbein Fort Uoulonge every >> ed- |tg from the peat bogs.
ticsdav and Shawville every Saturday.	Dr. Eugene Haanel, Director of
he Mines Branch, has made a valuable report on the subject of peat vhicb is being given consideration in ormulating a policy. Dr. Haanel >stlmates the total area of the Dome	nion overlain by peat bogs as 37,000
MULIb	iquare miles, and of this total area
in	the	he known peat bogs of Ontario, Que-
¦ and Manitoba comprise 12,000 iquare miles, with an average depth >f six feet. He estimates the 12,000 iquare miles will contain about
1.300.000	tons of peat, having a fuel ralue equivalent to about 5,400,000
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR 0ns of coal. jjBÉBjjBMBHB. .
Seven bogs within convenient shin-ALL KINDS OF	)|ng distances Of Toronto are esfl-
Executed carefully to the satlsfav- vtontreal COuld supply that city with
13.600.000	tons of fuel. . _
Five bogs along the Lower St.
Lawrence, conveniently situated as égards water transportation to the ïlty of Quebec, can, it Is estimated, Ripply 16,250,000 tons of fuel and >,700,000 tons of peat litter.
The bogs examined in Nova Scotia :an produce 6,200,000 tons of fuel md 500,000 tons of peat litter, and hose of Prince Edward Island pro-luce 1,250,000 tons of fuel and over 1,000,000 tons of peat litter.
In Manitoba the aggregate fuel content of the bogs is estimated at ess than 2,000,000 tons. One bog done, however, It has been estimated, Is capable of furnishing 2,500,000 :ons of peat litter.
PHONE BELL
j. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
ADVOCATE
Sash, Dressed Lumber, etc.
Doors,
Devlin St. Marie & Diiclos
Custom Sawing.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
191 MAIN ST,
Will attend Courts and Business ir
District of Pontiac,
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
PROPRIETOR.
Cosmopolitan Odessa.
Odessa, recently entered by German furnishes the most remarkable
tec
CEORCE E. MORENCY
T. SHORE
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
WORK A SPECIALITY All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
If
If
II
u
tlon of partie».
102 Wkllinoton St. - -
Phone : Queen 5230.
Hci.l.
r-lsewhere.
GEORGE HYNES
FENCING AND CEMETERY
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Openallhours.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
w
nu-
Sii a wville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m
Fruit Growers Are Optimistic
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
4	9.00, a. m
“	(C)	12.56, p. m.
“	(B) 4.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 6.50, a. m.
Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
•arms
All call* will receive prompt per
sonal attention
F every branch of the farming Industry is being undertaken this year with as much enthusiasm and hopefulness as Is fruit growing by the Niagara district men, pro-iuctlon is pretty sure of receiving the much-desired boost. The peach gro 3FS, who form the majority of the irehardists in that part of the country, will not hear of any such trouble is frosetf'roots or unpromising buds, even though this winter their trees were subjected to the lowest temperature that has developed in the Niagara belt for years, namely, 20 degrees below sero. The claim that this bard freeze did not endanger the buds Is established on the fact that

J. L. HODGINS
64	(A) 6.40, a. m
“ (B) 8.45, ft. m " (A) 3 30, p m
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE -
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. ( B) 8.00, a. m
" (B) 4.45, p. m
Lv. Ottawa “
Cautious.
Mrs. Flatbush—You don’t think the will reach over here this year, do
ri-nwor	,ron. dear?
rTh7- fruit growers are agreed Mr. Flatbush-Why no. Why do
ssmstr,rL-—
ndustry with the exception of the h#ng the hammock under the trees standardization of fruit packages. | Tx here it WftS last year, or in the cel-Yet. even In this matter, they seem
. QUE.
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12 25, p. m.
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
¦	Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a. m.
Explanation of signs :-<A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shaweilk.

Pn
only
In all countries Ask for our INVENTOR S ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
SS4 University St- Montréal.
nr"
/
###PAGE###6###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION -BOX
Over 7,200 Customers
By Andrew F Currier. M.D.
Dr. Currier will mnewer all signed letters pretalnlng to Health. If your question la of general Interest It will be answered through these columns ; If not. It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is enclosed Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual cases or make diagnosis. Address Dr. Andrew P. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co„ 73 Adelaide 8t West, Toronto.
Are being supplied with Light and Power by the South-arm Canada Power Co., Limited. In over 46 Municipalities In the Province of Quebec, and the number Is growing daily.
In order to supply the Increasing demand for Power, and also to enable more manufacturers to locate In this territory, the Company has commenced the development of one of Its large water powers on the 8t. Francis Hiver at Drummoi » Hie. This plant will have an ultimate capacity of 17.000 H P. to tO,000 H P.
• »
By Agronomist.
This Department Is for the use of our farm readers who want the advice of an expert on any question regarding eoll, seed, crops, etc. If your question le of sufficient general Interest It will be answered through this column, if stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed with your letter, a complete answer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist cars of Wilson Publishing Co* Ltd* 73 Adelaide 81 W* Toronto.
fort or pain severe in character or
Movable or Floating Kidney.
Mrs. 8. McE—Plesee write sn er dull, aching and dragging and intenal-tlcle on floating kidney, from which I **dI by exertion, have suffered three eeers. Was told If Aa kidney Is very looee and it would return to its place If I got movable, It may possibly be twisted stouter and wore an abdominal belt on Its axis, which would be a serious Have suffered eeverely, of late, parti- matter for I ta pedicle containing the cularly In connection with an attack ureter, renal artery and renal vain, of grippe. I deeire to avoid an opera- would be greatly compressed, greet tlon, If possible, ae I have a weak P*b or colic would ensure, >te blood heart and barely pulled through an- circulation would be Interrupted the other kind of operation. I# there | urina could not paw down to the blad-danger that floating kidney may lead der and the result might be a fatal
to something serious Kke Bright'# onJ- ¦¦ dteease T Could the condition be due Fortunately this accident is not of to strain or injury. Would exercise common occurrence. In addition to be beneficial! And what would hap- P*in. this condition Is often insu if it got twisted T	eoetated with constipation, indigestion,
Not so much fc heard about this diisinees, palpitation and more or less condition, ae was heard a few years intense nervousness ago, when it was a novelty.	It • not a particularly difficult
The kidney is em lidded in a condition to determine, especially if
one ia accustomed to the interroga-
te development of water power# Is a patriotic duty as well a# a commercial advantage, as it saves the Importer tlon of coal.
We recommend the •% Bonds of the "Southern Canada Power Company, Limited, which wo are offering with a bonus of common stock, thus giving Investors an opportunity of participating In the future success of the Company
Send for circular and map showing territory served.
HANDLING FARM MAN URB IN RUSH SEASONS.
Almost everyone who has made a, water this gas may be driven off very study of the matter would agree that quickly by an application of heat so the only way to conserve all of the in both the liquid and solid portions of fertilising elements in farm manure manure there is a large amount of is to place It on the land as soon as it ammonia gas. It Is a well known is available. There are some condi- fact that when horse manure or any tdone, however, which preclude such other dry manure, la thrown out in a disposition of the manure supply and heap, there ie bound to be some heat U become# necessary therefore, to so with further decomposition of the arrange the materials and appliances solid or woody portions.
St hand that the greatest amount of Sometimes in the morning we ap-ferttilling constituents in the manure p roach the barn and if we had not shall be saved and made available for teen the sight many times before, we future use. At the same time H is would believe the manure to be on fire, agreed manure should be put on the with danger of burning up since there la*d as seen as made, It ia just as seams to be much smoke and gas well agreed that it should not be coming out of the top of the pile, placed «pen hilly or rolling land, but However, the gas that is passing off is a short while before that land ie to the most valuable part of the manure, be plowed er worked up. Freshet# The fact that the manure heats, of it-and skewers when falling upon ma- §«lf, doe# no particular harm, but the nure so placed on rolling or hilly land coincidence that the manure in heat-carry away a very large amount of ing drives off the ammonia gas which the fertilising ingredients and for this |# dissolved In the moisture of the mi-reason K Is not wise to make such a nure la the fact which makes it dan-
| gerous to allow this thing to occur. And so in any system of manure
Y mm PVB01AI1D FIOM va
BOVDI
Nesbitt, Thomson <ft Company
Inevtment Bankers
Mercantile Trust Bldg.
222 St James Street
Limited
Hamilton
Montreal
thick layer of fat whim is a very	. »
yielding tissue and varies In quan- llon °f the organs of the body, tlty from time to time.	I" majority of Meet the eymp-
If thia envelope becomes thin end tome may be relieved by a well-fitting weak, or is subjected to strains, the abdominal belt; but if this does n°t kidney may become loose and mobile S've relief, an operation may be re-and the envelope stretched, so that it qu 1 red.
will wander more and more from its It used to be the fashion to ope-proper site.	rate upon every case that came along.
It may move very little, or it may but sines it was shown by Treves, thu move as far down as the pelvis, but distinguished English surgeon who almost invariably remains extra- has done more than anybody else to abdominal, awa* from the abdominal inform us in regard to displacements organs. This Is called movable kid- of the kidney, that operation was sel-ney, in distinction from floating kid- dora necessary or desirable, the craze ney, which is within the abdominal for operating has subsided, cavity at birth and swings upon its Operations are sometime* v< r> pedicle of peritonaeum like a polyp desirable, but one should know when, upow its stalk.	m well a* how, to do them
The latter Is a rare condition and	* 4 " . irmrrnU
need not receive further consideration	QUESTIONS AM) AN. hi 9
at this time.	Mrs. S. M.—1—Is there danger that
Movable kidney la much more com- a floating kidney will develop into mon in women than in men, more anything serious? Was told by my often on the right aide than on the doctor that If I gained weight and
abdominal supporter, the kid-
As it is produced and accentuated ney would return to its place, by strains and injuries, R often fol-t 2—Would playing ball cause the Iowa the severe efforts of childbirth, kidney to be misplaced ? prolonged constituât!on, sudden and	Answer—1—You are evidently un-
vioknt muscular effort, or injuries In der good advice. Continue to wear the region of the loins.	your belt and do as your doctor tells
It may be free from symptoms, you, and you will probably get go<»d many people being unaware that they results.	**
have It until their attention ia called |	2—The kidney might be detached
to it in the course of a physical ex- by violent exercise while playing ball, amination; or R may produce discern-, I can see how that could be possible.

Ml r -	—unt	irr-1 m,— r ,—
m* '
.T,
c

% •
v*> •» i
risk.
«iwtftîâüaas
s
U\
Âü
I

1%e other condition which makes it
impossible to spread manure as soon storage, It ie absolutely imperative as it is made is in the rush season, to have the bottom of the pit tightly If there was some way of getting at closed so that the liquid portion of the the exact amount of loss that takes manure will be saved and to have the place while the manure is being stored eaves of the storage house so arrang-under ordinary conditions for three or ®d that rain water can be put in four weeks until the work lightens from time to time when needed to cool sufficiently to put it on the soil, ws down the decomposing pile of manure probably would find that there is no »nd to re-diesolve the ammonia that season too rushing nor l-o work that may have been partially expelled by paye better than putting the manure the heating.
directly onto the soil as soon as it is This year when the various fertilii-made. However, since we have been ing elements are so costly, it be-accustomed to think this job can not hooves us even more than any other	/
be done during these rush seasons, year, to save all that is available In •	/
it becomes necessary to provide some, the supply of farm manure on every
farm. To do this requires some sort
An old shed may

9
s
•<
I
r \y0
zy
v;
<

\
Win
i
t
left
wore an
*

i
suitable storage place for the manure
Taking all the farm manures, by of a storage house and large, it comes about ae close to be used and the manure dumped into the truth as we can get to say that this. With a little cement and time, sixty per cent, of all the fertilizing k will be possible to hollow out the elements lie in the liquid part of the floor of the shed so that the liquid manure, while forty per cent, lie in portion of the manure will neither be the solid part. If we wish to put it wasted nor allowed to leech away, in another way, we might say that Then too, the roof of the shed should eighty-five per cent, of the available be arranged with eave a pouts so at fertilizing elements are in the liquid any time surplus water may be ran while fifteen per cent, are in on the pile of manure. If there is the solid portion. In other words, the enough cow manure mixed with the liquid portion ie much more valuable horse manure, however, it is not nec-than the solid, and where manure is essary to run in extra amounts of wa-placed out In piles under the eaves ter of the barn or wheeled out to the side precaution which should be taken and of the hiH with the expectation that that is to keep the flies out The ma-the rain will wash out portions of it nure pile is the place where flies that are too heavy to haul to the field, breed, with all the consequent damage it will readily be seen that any ma- which an army of flies can do, and if nure supply so handled might as well there are any windows in this manure be dumped into the river in its entire- shed, they should by all means be ty since the solid portions of the ma- screened. The door, however, should that remain are very inert and it, be solid and fly-tight In this way takes a long time before they are de- j the flies will gather on the screens at composed sufficiently to be used by the windows whereas if a screen door the growing plante.	i» used, flies would gather on the door
There are some facts concerning and as soon as It is opened they flock that should be kept In mind, directly inside.
I*
" 1
j
• •
k
Ml
Coo*
In Paddock and Pasture. | Often when a cow freshens the
This is a good time to rediscover odder Is milked dry, stimulating the
Manure flow of milk. Soon the udder gets
manure
th« value of farm manure. _____________
reinforced with acid phosphate Is the sore, and milk fever may result most effective fertiliser known. More prevent this trouble, take only a few of it is needed.	quarts of milk the first time, and
The fertiliser shortage is real—not gradually increase the amount. In
Even at advanced prices, • few days k will be safe to milk
Get the fertili-1 her dry If it is not to be
comes as a welcome comfort as well as a summer economy to the farmer, his wife, his son and daughter.
FLEET FOOT SHOES will make
farm work easier because they are light and springy, and so staunch that they stand up to any farm work.
To
Added to this, there Is another
imaginary, its use is warranted.
had, keep^uMhe fertility of the land1 of corn will furnish abundant nitro-by raising more stock and feeding genoua feed for hogs when com is more crops to animals.	i “hogged’' down. By suspending a
An acre of alfalfa furnishes twice	tin can	with a small	hole	in H, on
as much protein as a ton of bran,	each side of the cultivator,	rape seed
four times as much as a ton of com-	may be	distributed in	the	corn-field
meal, and nine times as much as an	! without	extra labor.	From one to
acre of timothy, and R can be grown two pounds of seed to the acre is the
successfully.	“JJ?1 rste*. * _ .	'	_
In twenty-four hours the sweat- Thousands of horses will suffer
glands of the horse eliminate waste with tender or scalded shoulders this material equal to that passed summer, and galls will develop later, through the lungs. Never allow the To prevent the galls, get a can of sweat-glands to become clogged with talcum powder end dust the shoulders dirt and sweat particle# for lack of well before putting on the collars, grooming.	Your druggist will sell you a pound
Tankage, which is composed of the *or ebout fifty cents, which is very scraps and refuse from packing cheap. Hue will save many times
hous*. has received a great deal of its c03t lat^r* . attention from hog feeders the last Devices for mixing milk with hut-few years. Its composition makes to make the latter go further a good source of protein for use with should bo n-garled with caution. Such com in feeding shotes.	» product soon becomes sour in warm
Cows may have a pedigree a foot weather and wastes the butter it con-
long and not have a sixteenth part of an inch in cream on their milk. . It
The greatest cost in growing chick# pays to find out about that before To make a ahabby-lookang wicker is for the first two pound# weight ; putting good, hard-earned money into chair look new again, dust well, and after that each additional pound will a pure-bred cow. What we want is scrub well with soapy water. When
about half the cost of the cream, not simply a big name. Cream the ohair is quite dry mg##n, apply
stain with s fine brush.	„
Rape seeded at the last cultivation
nure
Their sturdy wear and low price make them the most economical shoes you can put on this summer, for vou can have two or three pairs
of FLEET FOOT for the price of
one pair of leather shoes.
manure
whenever any system for Re handling U mapped out
that the liquid portion of |be manure should have in mind not only the mavis much more valuable than the solid; ing of the greatest amount of the forth# next one is that under normal oon- tilizer value of the manure, but also ditlons the nitrogen of the manure Is the bettering of sanitary conditions the most valuable part of it When about the farm. There is no one nuis-the small boy goes out to the barn to ance that causes so much trouble as clean out the stable that he neglected the fly and since he and his like may the morning before, he usually gets be “nipped in the bud” by screening an eye full of foul smelling gas. This in their- breeding places, or the magas is nothing other than ammonia, a nure piles, it would seem that any combination of nitrogen and hydro- manure shed should profitably con-gen, and for this reason every bit of serve the liquid portion of the ma ammonia gas should be saved since nure as well as providing some means it contains the nitrogen which is so whereby the escaping ammonia gas costly when bought as a fertilizer. J caused in heating may be retained and The commercial ammonia, so-called, rodi^solved in water. If in addition which is bought on the market for use I to this, this shed is by some means or on wash day is nothing more nor less other kept free from flies, we shall than ammonia gas dissolved in water, have a manure storage that is directly Ammonia gas dissolves very readily U water and is somewhat heavier than air and when ammont# is dissolved in
It Is necessary to ha vs some sort of One of the first is a manure storage plan and this plan
Mu
None genuine without the name FLEET FOOT stamped on the sole. Look for it
The best Shoe Stores sell FLEET FOOT
s
tarns
average
Sweep down the cobwebs and clean first, up the house generally, for July Is a to grow the youngsters up to roaster hot month, and heat and filth make a sise than to sell them as broilers-at strong combination favorable to dis- least It is so in very many necti-iw
mm ïïÊmÉmm
mmwÆËmm
sals of roasting fowls and spring tented, and to see that they do no* chicken#. It is the best season to lack anything that ie for their good, sell spring chickens.	Over-crowding most be avoided, and
The drinking vessels should be pot the houses well % enttisted 40 In the coolest possible piece, end the chicks keep cool at night Fresh houses should be well ventilated at sir is a great tonic; along with r#nge
and shade, green food and sound
There ie still e good profit in the | grain, It does wonders, sale of dressed duckling*.
When ell things are equal, summer,	. - . .
mmmmm
George hi 10t.
In line with the spirit of the times— embodying both conservation and sanitation.
This makes it more profitable pays the bills
rUNNY rOLO'U
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED .LINES


i

I
I
WOOL

Pinner» who ehto their wool dlrwt to w get better price* than farmers who sell to the
Sri's»#
wsjj, end note what he says-or, better still, write us foe our pricM | they will show yon how much you lose by selling to the General Store
i
ASK
M
i
outside horse to-morrow.
I
i

t-
wool
I
I
a
I
(
!
\


/
i pole that they eh* other.
»:moel
{
l
*
I
l
i

»
1
“Mach of our lives is spent in wsr-

i
-sfc:
SM 1ICI fur 41 M
iT&B PLUG
mrayev® A” jft*.-
WillTe took the mkde le oat i wed# a little runabout -
Oxford hi the greatest university In the world. K has twenty -one col-
t
So
F
###PAGE###7###
DRY YOUR VEGETABLES.
eels. Captain Pryatt’s old whip, which destroyer's dock to the water, a chum-the Huns were using am a training lug of foam, and then a parallel pair school. Zeebrugge, in fact, was the of tracks of broken water showing
first great opportunity, where the unseen messengers of death
To are speeding towards their targets. /
"Death Cometh Soon or Late."
r
PAINT NOT A BITI
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OR CALLUSES OFF
Various Methods Suggested by Canada Food Board.

y
and they pulled It to the limit, their credit, it should be remembered
that middies are, so far as years go, instantly a glaring arm of light only lads who are doing men's work a|abf$ ,nto the ^arkneem, hovers for a at an age which finds most other boys moment# am| then sweeps round till still at school—and doing It remark- ^ rw,t8 ful, (>|1 (be form 0f the dew ably well Over thirty of them have (royer
already won special decorations for , And n0W th^ glin8 commence to bel-bravery. These awards were made ,ow and the myriad shells to tear the for such diverse reasons as "whilst In ocean to Hbrods all around the fleeing charge of steamboats behaving with boa( And M|moet \n the pandemon-exemplary courage, skill, and coolness |um of lhelr nrHt ^charge, comes a under heavy fire," for "showing great long Juddering, thunderous explo- | ability and resource In tmportaut Hlon ftnd two o«rmRI] cruisers, great duties whilst assisting the naval cb holes rent In them, Just where their servation officer," for "valuable ser- hu,lg klsH the wuter, easily reel over, vices In aircraft," and for "services in the destruction of an enemy sub- ^ wjfh a FUdden blast of death, a marine." This catalogue of honors glgant|c eleven-inch shell finds the shows that the Navy believes In gtv- exact ceutre (Jf the boat, and under Ing Its future admirals the earliest ,tg monBtrous tearing force she breaks possible training In the art of real c,can ,n halves and sinks into the lov-war, and teaches them the job all ,ng embrace of her mother and mil-round,	tress—the age-old ocean.
• M
Try drying your vegetables this It's a profitable business any
(
i
DDF
No humbug! Apply a few drops then Just lift them away with fingers.
I

year
way you look at It. The advantiiges over canning are the economy In space, the lower cost of Jars and diminished risk of Injury from frost or There Is the old fashioned
A

4
\

This new drug Is an ether compound discovered by a Cincinnati
MAGIC
BAKING
POWDER
heat.
chemist. It Is called ^hod 0f »gun drying" which Is lnex-freezone. and can now penF|ve s|mp1e and satisfactory where be obtained In tiny hot- (liere jH enough sun The most mod-ties as here shown at
very little cost from any Ug1 an P|ertrlc fan either with or
Just ask
1
•0,
and the quickest method is that of
ern
i
drug store.
Vegetables

without artificial heat
dried by thi* method are not so Hk*-iy
drop or two directly tQ ^Iftcolor. The third method, known upon a tender corn or afl ..artlflc1|ll h(nit;» consists of uflltz-
cnllus and instantly the j the hcat 0f the stove or of the
disappears.
CONTAINS NO ALUM MADE IN CANADA
Apply a
for free zone.


Licenses Now Operative.
And the German guns take toll, un-
For the majority of town and
soreness Shortly you will find the corn or callus so loose that you can lift it off, root, and all, with the fingers,
The Canada Food Hoard licensee are WÊ operative in the following classes of dealers in foodstuffs in Canada:
oven.
farm homes this method Is the most
now
I » r a	) I e. |||||||||||||||	|^ ||	|||||||||||||||||| |	||| |||||||||||||||||||||||||| |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||	||||||||
I Germany has made a fine art of dry- Grocers (wholesale and retail), ball it g. Indeed, at the present time, the kerS| (manufacturing and retail), total capacity of the potato drying fac- manufacturers of breakfast foods and Not a twinge of pain, torje8 jn the enemy country Is 37,000,- o©roals, retail butchers, fish dealers soreness or Irritation; pqq hundredweight. There are about (wholesale and retail), flour and feed not even the slightest 700 potato drying factories, 260 drying dealers (wholesale and retail), pro-smarting, either when Cy]|Ilt|ers, 400 open drying plants, 160 duoo dealers (wholesale and retail), applying freezone or corIVdrying plants and 250 vegetable cannera, packers, manufacturing con-afterwards.	1 drying factories.
Tills drug doesn’t eat The war gardeners of Canada might puces.
!«' J up the corn or callus, gjve the Hun a little of his own medi-	----------
but shrivels them so cjne yy pitting their vegetable forces Mlnard’s Liniment Cores Colds. Sts.
It Is
Private Ross
Borrowed an AutoStrop from his chum —he used it once and immediately wrote home for one.
Don’t wait for a request from your soldier boy— include an AutoStrop in your next Overseas
o
IN I
Lion-Hearted Boys.
During the Gallipoli operations several middles were mentioned In
Here It was that Mid-
« Pi pi a (»li <i#.|||| |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| ||
shipman Drewry won the V.C. for gallantry in the famous landing from the River Clyde, these boys in years, but men in heart and training, which counts for much, can do, Is furnished by the achievement of Midshipman H. B. Anderson. He was In charge of a launch reconnoitring towards Jabanl (Cameroon»). The Huns were firing at him from both banks of the river, when his
Styles for Summer Ijh
feed on ers, proprietors of public eating
An example of what
they loosen and come right out.
humbug! It works like ft charm For a few cents you can get rid of every hard corn, soft corn or corn between the toes, as well as painful calluses on bottom of your feet.
disappoints and never burns, )
bites or inflames.
hasn’t any freezone yet, tell him to small bottle for you from his
against bis.
Remember, that the AutoStrop is the only rasor he can absolutely depend on— because of Its eelf-stropplng feature it is always ready for service.
Canadians eat three pounds of cheese a year on an average normally. The English eat eleven, French, Belgians and Germans thirty pounds, or times as much as Canadians. Cheeae is a good meat substitute. More cheese and less meat might be better for.us.
no
Allies Lack Meat.
Thex Allies’ livestock has been de . . creased to such an extent as to mean 27T7% of heme resources in meat. The percentages for the different countries range as follows:
Belgium, 82.0; France, 21.4;
17.8 ? Germany, 36.3; European Neutral Countries, 0.9.

Price $5.00
ten
never
AutoStrop Safety Razor Co.
LUM
«3-67 Duke Street,
Tor oat#, Out.	A
If your druggist
England, 12
Italy,
Maxim Jammed. "Mr. Anderson not only handled him boat well," says the official report, "but personally cleared hts gun under a continuously heavy fire, and then swept both banks with It, the enemy suffering heavily." Midshipman H. Dixon, whilst In command of the Queen Elizabeth’s picket boat, saved several officers and men from the Irresistible under heavy flre. Equally courageous was the action of Midshipman H. W. D’Arcy Evans, who, during the fight bet ween HM.8. Al» canatara and the German raider Grelf, swam about In the water helping men who were In dlfflcutles to keep afloat.
get a
wholesale drug house.
MONEY ORDERS.
Send a Dominion Express Money Order. They are payable everywhere.
/

>
•>
GIRLS! WHITEN SKIN
NO FOUNDATION FOR TRAVEL RESTRICTION RUMORS
WITH LEMON JUICE
____	Bread is the staff of life, but very
Make a beauty lotion for a few cents few Canadians need a staff, to remove tan, freckles, sallowness.	....... ¦¦ ¦ —
r
The volume of tourist traffic from the	year
“larsr z err
visitors to Canada from the United two fresh lemons Into a bottle, then «rELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER
' ursr ktst-st
cure accommodation at a hotel, that the very best lemon skin whltener and Wilson Publishing Co.. Ltd. Toronto, passports were absolutely necessary. I complexion beautlfler known. Mas -
and more recently the absurd rumour widely circulated that women
9#
U 5 «S
press
as
can
J
I
III
States at a
The Right Stuff.
And who will have forgotten the heroism of Midshipman Donald Gyles in the great fight at night In the Straits of Dover between the Broke and German destroyers, just over a year ago?
Although wounded In the eye, Gyles, when nearly all others went down, took charge, and gave the foe a very bad beating.
© McCâl*
Box 6S,
ft
H5
i
MISCELLANEOUS
sage tills fragrant, creamy lotion dally -----
«"to .he face neck arms and hand. W
and Just see how freckles, tan, sal- and prentiKB. Traders Bank Building, owness, redness and roughness dis- Toronto.
appear and how smooth, soft and clear anger. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC
the skin becomes. Yes! It is harm- V |%.rna.
and the beautiful results will us before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical
i'n Limited. Colling wood Ont.
was
from the United States would not be allowed to return home, ridiculous report Is specifically denied
~~~ —,###% I®!. M e==e
¦*
holders to be American citizens Is all
that Is necessary to cross Into Cana- ]yearB I got the cords of my left da. At the International boundary wrjBt nearly severed, and was for line the holders of these papers are abOUt nlne months that I had no use given an Identification card by the of my hand, and tried other Uni-Canadian Immigration Officials, which mentB, also doctors, and was recelv-enables the visitors to travel freely ing no benefit. By a persuasion from where they wish without any Inter- a friend I got MINARD’B LINIMENT ference on the part of Canadian of- and u6€d one bottle which completely
Senator Robertson, Chairman of the | ARD S LINIMENT In my family ever Registration Board, has announced 8ince and find It the same as when I “neither In the instructions Is- nrst used It, and would never be with-sued, nor the regulations for Cana- out it. dian registration, Is there anything that would indicate desire or Intention to Impose restrictions upon Americans or aliens, entering, travelling In, or leaving Canada."
_	The experience of these American
And	silence—a	deep, palpable	visitors who have already come to
silence, hung over all.	The collarless waist is very smart Canada verifies Senator Robertsons day piug 60 cenlB
Then, from the fore-bridge, a slbi- and attractive, and the draped skirt statement, but unfortunately there are , men^ with g5c. additional for each lant whisper cuts into the night.	is proving to be quite popular. Me- many across the border who have no cblld t&e head of the house is in
"Stand by both tubesl" commands Call Pattern No. 8423, Ladies’ Waist, read this announcement, and may the army Thrift Is so strong a prin-the young officer on the bridge, who, in g sizes, 34 to 44 bust. No. 8403, «till be Influenced by the false reports _ dple wjlh French women that French peering ahead, hopes, almost against Ladies’ two-Piece Draped Skirt. In to stay at home, spoil their vacation.	are carrying larger deposits
hope, that the enemy will not discover 7 *izes, 22 to 34 waist. Price, 20 and cause a mutual loss to themselves than ever before, despite the fact that him at this eleventh hour, and frus- cents each.	and to Canada	$18,000,000,000 towards the finan-
trate utterly his well-laid plane.	These patterns may be obtained	-?- ces of the war came from popular
"Into the Jaws of Death."	from your local dealer, or from the	His Generosity.	eubscriptloos.^^^^^^^^^^^^
He has brought his craft, at lm-	70 Bond St> Toronto, A “Tommy," lying .in hospital, had
risk, through the enemy’s pa- Uept. W._^_ beside him a watch of curious and
design. The attending doctor was interested.
---	-	. â. I At a mass meeting of nearly two I “Where did your
Hun Fleet which has believed	I thousand women the pledge was made from?” he asked,
secure behind Its elaborate defences. ^ conform exactly to the require- "A German give it me," he ans-"Half-speed on both vngihbh! he or mentfl 0f the Canada Food Board and wered. tiers'now, and the low hum of the tur-
a more minor
THE BATTLE OF '
THE “MIDDIES”
This latter
••
less, surprise you.
*
World’s Wheat Reserves Exhausted.
MIDSHIPMEN ARE PLAYING A GALLANT PART IN WAR.
GIRLS WANTED
4»
ANIGHT
TORPEDO ATTACK
Big Share In the Operations That Led to the Blocking of the Channels at Zeebrugge and Ostend.
Middies (or "Snotties," as the Navy alternately calls them) were not asked to volunteer for Zeebrugge—and the middles didn’t like It, says a British naval officer. But a good many bore a hand In this important venture because they had the good fortune to be serving In coastal motor-boats, or “scooters
“Scooters’’ are little more than a
shell filled with high-powered engines.	t .	. vttr
wrnmmm
desperate enterprise.
Down below, In the dimly-lit stoke holds, stokers fed the ever-hungry fires with the greatest of care lest all-revealing sparks should stream from a funnel.
To wait on Tables
a
in Toronto’s famous restaurant
Splendid working conditions. High wages and monthly bonus. Excellently furnished rest room for employees Write, phone or call
DESCRIBED BY A BRITISH NAVAL
OFFICER.
*
*
Â
*
IX*
CHILDS CO.
1M YONGE ST. - TORONTO
W. D. TKE. Manager
How One Destroyer Made a Dash That Brought About Painful Results For the Germans.
to ce
a
8


Slowly, silently, the long, low shape
stole
SMOKE TUCKETTS
T & B CUT
df

cured me, and have been using MIN-
*
that

ISAAC E. MANN,
Metapedla, P.Q
Its Future Admira la.
Both at Ostend and Zeebrugge they did splendid work, place one of them put down the Brus-
Aug. 31, 1908.
At the former
The Women of France.
In France recently figures showed that there are now 475,000 women at work In munition factories at $2.0^ per
from the Govern-


The
I!
Balance
11:
Ml.
!
I :

mouse j ¦ mam ¦ ppp
trois and minefields, and now, at long last, he has achieved a point almost within striking distance of the great
So Id lers-of-the-Soil At Work.
Nearly tweve thousand Soldiers of the Soil boys are hard at work on the farm already, helping in the campaign for greater war»time production, In addition to those who arrange for their own employment Independent of the Soldiers of the Soil organization The Soldiers of the Soil are divided as follows:
Alberta. 616.
Manitoba, 1,006; Ontario, 4,621; Quebec, 670; New Brunswick, 677; Nova Scotia, 1,788; Prince Edward island, 600. Reports Indicate that the boys thoroughly enjoying, farm work.
%
Vancouver Women Pledged.

watch come
e

i

as between POSTUM and other table
beverages
is in favor of the
Wholesome,
Healthful
drink.
1
to apply the restaurant regulations in A little piqued, the doctor inquired their own homes. Futhermore it was how the foe had come to convey his "especially resolved to discountenance token of esteem and affection.
«E ’ad to,’’ was the laconic reply.

SA l v E
bines . assumes even note as his order le obeyed.
Then, suddenly, the blackness ahead assumes a deeper tinge, another and
the black shapes of battle-


8
British Columbia, 669; Saskatchewan, 1,406;
PBS
any social functions which promote the consumption of wheat products, pork, sugar and fats.”
#
anothe
ships dimly silhouetted against the black sky The boat is in the very Jaws of hell.
And then comes disaster.
SO*
Heals like Megic-s.
buroircuts, chafing, blisters, piles, abscesses, sunburn, boils, bruises, snd other inflsmmation. f At dealers, or write u#. REMEDY .COMPANY, Ham*l*iw.
"Worry is interest paid on trouble During hot weather never permit before it falls due.’’—Harry A. ^ drinking pans to go dry. Lack of Thompson.	water will greatly reduce the egg are
Several carloads of tractors have yield and stunt the development of been sent into the Grande Prairie dis- young stock.
WÊÊÊJBBbelated picket-boat, containing a captain who baa dined with a brother commander, croesee the unseen destroyer's .1	1
There le a crash and yell that trict this year.
¦ "	¦"*	" ^ If poultry houses are cleaned thor-
irhlv and kent clean there will be
POSTUM
Mian
bows	¦¦¦ I	¦¦
le heard all over the harbor, and the j
picket-boat that gave the alarm sinks oughly and kept clean In two pieces as the destroyer picks tittle trouble from mites, up her heels and dashes onwards de- fhe stability of agriculture in any termlned to make the best of things, country depends e good deal on the
live-stock industry. Selling grain and hay may be most profitable for a per now, but a deep-voiced call, full of	but marketing these crops
urgency. “After tub*—fire I"	______ ^
Two sharp cracks as the powder tm- only brings in a remunerative revenue, pulses drive the torpedoes from their	i„ maintaining soil fertility.
is all this and more» It’s most delicious. Besides theres no waste, and these are days when one
should Save. Try
INSTANT
POSTUM


if she dies in the attempt. “Foremost tube—Fire!” No whls-
even

through hi4th-quality live stock not
•L

| seating, two gleaming, silvery shapes 1 leaping the short distance from the j

•IS
ISSUE N*

###PAGE###8###

NOTICE
(Jew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
The Shaw# Boot anil Shoo Store
The undersigned wish vs to an-noulive thv opening of a Jewelry Store ill the premises lately vacated by H. W. Hudgins,
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will be thoroughly guaranteed and receive his |»cr sonal attention.
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery owing to tlie scarcity of labor.
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Cheapness in Shoes
The Empire Mechanical Milker
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates
Is one of the greatest labor-savers, and is now being used extensively and Miceessfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government - I Kxp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer :~
TESTIMONIAL-
To The Empiric Ciikam Skparator Co., Montreal
“ I like the Milking Machine fine ami would not be without it at any price. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking.
I can millx twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Hay. H. R. No. 1.
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.
BERT WAINMAN
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE
Formerly of Bank St., Ottawa, Out
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
Telephone Notice.
n
Accounts lor local or long-distance calls must U‘ paid monthly to the (entrai operator. Rentals for the balance of the year must Ik1 )*wd in July to the Secretary, whose office is now in residence on Main street, opposite the Fair Grounds.
And on this score low prices and real cheapness were
far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd \\ needs? of each mont h at 8 p. m.
Irvin Hamilton, Rev.-Secy
K. S. H, Workman W. M.
never so
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each moût h
H Kit » Hoimiinh W. M
R. W. HODOINS, Sec. Pon R. Tel. (
R KO. llOIXllNS
Secy.
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meet» on • hi 11 * h of esch month.
H M. Hodoins,
W. Cmop. in Com
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
TENDERS WANTED
Reo. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
Tenders for fencing No. 14 school grounds : to be in the hands of the sec reHOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
-... . .	TIME OF MEETING :
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Secv-Treas. School M un. of Clarendoi
MASSEY-HARRIS
In buying we look for service, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us
to the lack of them.
Austin - First Tuesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
Shawville. July 18, 1918
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency fur the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
Tenders for Caretaking
Tenders for caretaking of Clarendon schools will he received by the undersigned up till six o’clock, p. in., July 27th.
1918.
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
M. A. M< KIN LEY,
Asst. Seey-Treas. School Mun. of Clarendon
At home, nmi Robert of Pembroke, district manager of the Mutual Life Insurance Cotniiany, And Mrs.
Robertson, at home, Mrs. Baird. of (iraml Forks. B V.;nml Mrs. Ilart-roy, Starbuek. Man., the latter, of whom is now in hospital in Ottawa.
The funeral took place Sunday afternoon from the family rcsi-.	..	..	„	„	.	.	.	|ilence to the Presbyterian ceme-
the founding of the 1 re-diyterian tM.v at Fitzroy Harbor. The late! PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given C hurch among the primeval pines Kjri8# Sheriff was t resident of the that the under-mentioned LANDS md Hon. P. L Blondm, the post-	ot Pontiac is written Mr. Stewart -	pitzroy	Harbor	district all her |	TENEMENTS	have	been	seized,	and
master general ot ( anacla, w ho re-	name w ill he carved in I uge	her death taking place within	will	be	sold	at	the respective	time	and
cently returned troni England,. capitals upon the duct corner three miles of her birthplace.	,dace mentioned Mow
hae taken up residence at the Rox- stone. He was an important!	11
borough A pertinent*. Helms re- factor at the first Sunday School i control of his department, started in a small log cabin like
which had been in charge of Hon. building that was also the fiist	____
Mr. Doherty.	palace of justice in Bristol.	L . .	~1	, 4.
With his sturdy Scotch parents Tn loving memory of our dear fathei Late reports from the Western	he invaded the gigantic forests of	Charles	Stephens,	who died July 17
provinces give a more horn lui	the Ottawa and cut out the high-1	1017 :
view of the crop outlook, than way, the prophetic boulevard for those circulated some weeks ago. this automobile age. He shared lii some districts the crops are the priceless honor of the sacrifice said to he excellent. Flic failures of the Pioneer and yet he fourni lire confined to spots, is the state- time to companion the Christ who ment of one prominent Saskatche- was pole star of his purpose and wan f irmer.	the guide of a long and prosperous
life. For some years he was the
agent of the Bible society and during the long Canadian winter I Canada, despite all she had done months he was the solitary |;n the war, Is just beginning her job
United States and those of Britain, range and township, said lut containing Let me outline briefly four factors ! one hundred acres and seven tenths— which I believe are leading naturally with the buildings and appurtenances to this closer union. They are: Race, thereunto belonging, language, the type of democracy or	HI	I
government, and religion Brst it is needless to say much, for Americans have always recognized heir ancestral Anglo-Saxon affiliation with England—at least this Is true of that large proportion sprung Trom the pioneers of English, Scotch and Irish, who settled here and de- | Sheriffs office veloped the country. In respect to
.----- anguage, while the British Empire
journalists, educators and preach* I embraces peoples speaking over 100
* i~ A large family-\\ illie of ; iifferent tongues, the dominating Montana; Mary, deceased ; Jean- j language, as here, is English, and
nie, of Montana ; Robert, of R<> from it we have our mutual interests I Sufficient Unto the Day, Etc. Chester, N. V ; Dr. George, of in literature, thought and ideals.	When	a	father	decided	that	his	eon
Calgary; Dr. Alex of Atlanta, Britain and the United States are | neeclea	application	of	the	gad.	he	in-
X. Y.; Sarah, of Buffalo, N. Y.; both democratic. Indeed, in one i formed the boy ,hnt punishment was
greetings at the coming and the In England since the outbreak of He searched and did not And. Th n crowning of the Christ on the the war we have had two radical he called his wife and noth of them Resurrection morning.—COM. Governmental changes. On the sub- I searched. They searched low but not
ject of religion, while we have many I high, for If they had cast their eyes so-called heathen religions In the ai0ft they would have seen that the British Empire, its dominating faith foy had climbed a telephone pole and is Christianity, as it is in the United States. Here. then. Is a fourfold bond
Pictures of home folks carry warmt! and comfort to the heart of a Make an appointment to-day.
Local and District.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us
lier

Haymakers aren’t looking for any Turkish baths these days with the mercury around theOOo. mark. A little of that June weather sandwiched in just now would be a relief.
H. IM ISON, Artist in Portrait in
Sheriff’s Sale,
Province * if Quebec, District of Saint-Hyacinthe
No. 40.
I
Rumec
i
In Memoriam
Superior Court.
1'mh r a writ de terres issued from the Superior Court for the district of Saint-Hyacinthe and addressed to the Sheriff of the district of Pontiac :
XL J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
Dearest father thou has left us, But we will mit weep for thee,
For we know that thou art reaping Joys through all eternity.
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
F. X. Bertrand Manufacturing Company Limited, plaintiff ; vs. Dolor Dussault & F.-X. Dussault, defendants.
Wife and Family
All that parcel or tract of land situate in the sixth range of the township of Guignes, in the county of Temiseatning and district of Pontiac, and now known and described according to the official plan and in the book of reference for
The Connecting Link
QUYON
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that van supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
On the 18th instant this parish was favored with a visit from His Lord-hip the Bishop of Montreal. The weather was ideal, and the journey by motor to North Onslow—where all the -ons and daughters of the Church turned out to meet the Bishop—was enjoyed by
wa
I hiring a career of almost a century he was over fifty years on the Session of the Bristol Presbyterian Church and contributed a large investment to the community that has produced men and women that now grace all the professions of national and international fame.
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
To l>e sold at the church door of the parish of Saint Bruno de Guignes, in the county of Temiscaming, on the THIRTEENTH day of AUGUST, 1918, at TEN o'clock in the forenoon.
all
Of the
Satisfactorily done
The service at Quyon will long be remembered. We were all glad to see that the Bishop was in splendid form, and preached in both North On-low and Qu von, eloquent, forceful and comprehensive sermons.
Qu yon there were present His Lordship Rev. Canon
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
Stewart was related by marriage to two historic families. Grants and Campbells, both of which are known in Canadian history as travellers, lectures.
Mi
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G. W. DALE
At
Rryson, One., 8th July, 1918.
[First publication, 13th July, 1918]
with
Fitzgerald, Rev. Canon Smith, Rev. A. T. Phillips Rev. J. K. Hod son and Rev. M. W. Natigli-ton, Incumbent. There was ft large congregation present and the scr-
t > n j < > y
Hi Lnrd-hip had with the ladies at the parsonage, and congratulated the ladies upon the splendid work they are doing for the Church. In church lie congratulated the parish upon its splendid financial standing, which he hoped was an indication of spiritual growth and interest in the Church.
Immediately after service he addressed the Missionary Committee which lias just been formed in this parish. His Lordships face was radiant with delight as lie addressed those fourteen men who are now our Parish Missionary Committee Well done Quyon
ed
Are You Going to the
Wedding ?
afternoon tea
Deaths
Who is Getting Married ?
was safely out of harm’s way for the time being. A neighbor spied him and gave away his whereabouts. The boy sought a compromise, saying he would come down at n declaration of pence
The citizens of Pembroke with- |itandln,T	i and no sooner. The compromise wa,
out exception were deeply grieved America can no longer go back to finally effected on the promise that tne lust week by the death, nnex- ker old-time limitations of western	next time he needs a whipping he will
pectedly at Ottawa of Queenie V I hemisphere responsibility. By her en-	gPt one twice os hard os Is needed, to
In Memoriam	Hiker, beloved wife of Rev. A. H. trance into the war she has assumed | make up for the one he missed.
Run-on, to whom she was married 1 responsibility for the peace of the No analyst can explore nor an- about a year ago. The deceased "orld- The greia,t emblem of recon-
HNRBF-
v°:r ot	MX of, fl,<:	public weal she was both tinre-erv- war something be done in determ in-	, _u 4 , _ ,,
\ alley. I he story of Ills boyhooi	mg and self-sacrificing.	hng the destinies and fates of the	That Funny Feejng.
recalls the character of Sam tiol and	civilized countries of the world, with Little Bobby find been visiting
incidents oi Ins courage would 1 he death occurred at ritzoy due regard for the Independence of lately at a place where they have o adorn the pages of bravery for- Harbor, Out., Friday. July 12, of Uatlonal life. This responsibility does big swing, which Is highly popular with the boy* of nil time. His young Sarah Ann Marshall, beloved jjiir not end with the American shore, the rising generation. When be re manhood ranks with Joseph in of XV illiara A. Sheriff, in her <6tb The principle of the Monroe doctrine turned homo his father asked him: chastity and granite-like honor year. Deceased, who had been will be enlarged, not abrogated, and -Well Bobby did you awing in the for the right. “Thy gentleness ailing for the past two years, took Britain, as much as the United States, Mg swiner	•
hath made me gieat* was the car- seriously ill a week ago. Besides will have her share In enforcing that	nitnil n.1f
dinal characteristic of his Christ- her husband there mourn her loss I loctrine.—Major Charles W. Gordon, ,	,	t
ian career.	three sons and three daughters. "Ralph Connor,” Canadian Soldier- M,pr,(1 prj10 In ***7 •tomacU so that 11 aO
When the history of Bristol and J Dr. W. T. Shireff, of Ottawa, John I Clergyman-Novelist. _	^ , 4 .	1 10
The Hon. Joseph Sheyhn, Sen , ,	.	.	.
a tor, a former treasurer of t),U ^	These channels are a ready
K1"1'6’ ,Ued Ht li’,ebeC la8t 5î2ï* tZV.wo VaHonà” Xer*t£
gather in sincerity and cordial under-
Well we don’t know, but if you are going to a wedding we can show you a most beautiful range of Cut Glass, Caseroles, Silverware, etc., at much lower prices than you can procure same for elsewhere, and what is more we carry standard patterns that can be matched at any future time.
T
Com

A Romping Heaven.
snld Bobby, “does the Lord love little children?”
“Oh, yes, Indeed,” replied mamma. “And does he like to romp with
“Mamma
We are always glad to have the pleasure of a "My Sunday-school teacher eays ! visit from you and one thing never missing is
that whomsoever the Lord loveth he 1	”
cbaseth.”
“Romp with them? What put that
A Welcome
whether you buy or not.
ARCHIE DOVER
