###PAGE###1###

O
No. 34, 36th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY7, QUE., THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1U18.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
Tfje Merchants Banl^ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
E.UUi.h.d 1864
ifi
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sik II. Montagu Allan, C, V. O VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwkll. MANAGING DIRECTOR .. K. F. Hkhdkn.
GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. M ata now.
I
4,750,000
I
A
94 Branches In Canada,
l’aid up Capital
WOOD
$7,000,000
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,421,292 Total Assets..................... 121,130,558
235 Branches and Agencies in Canada. WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
Items accepted for
• #
COLLECTION
on any point in Canada, United States, o elsewhere.
WANTED, 10 cords good sound
for the convenience of our customers It lias been decided
to keep oil hand cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 cheques, oil which the 2c. war stamp has been attached. The becks may be had by simply ixiying the price of the stump* so affixed.*
CALENDARS—Owing to the scarcity of calendars in tbi# vicinity, wç have ordered an extra supply. We are keeping one foi you.

2 foot (not 18 inch) Hardwood.
Fort Co U longe Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Portage du Fort Branch
J, A. McLatchie, Manager.
R. Leg Kit, Manager.
G. M. Colquhoux, Acting M ar
Delivery any time |

Branches at Shawville and Qnyon
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
PERSONAL MENTION
Pictures of home folk* carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
during February.
W. F. DRUM
Miss Maude McDowell is at pre-
i visit with friends
H. I Ml son, Vrtist iu Portraiture
sent enjoying at Westmeath
Ch^ëi ChTb^udTmuïteîofM Mmuriïi la'at watk'in'a bu.m«£
friends, drove to home of Mr. and 1 ' x- _ .	,, , .	„ t> .
Mrs. Peter Brownlee, tfth line. A .	1 ftor-
very pleasant time was spent in boro. On t., spentthe week-endI the
games, music, etc., after which	of Ins parents, Mr. and Mrs.
refreshments were served.	“• Hod gins in town.
„	Dr. Fraser was in Ottawa last _
The Homemakers are looking Thursday attending the funeral of Our instruction la Individual, and the
Methodist Church Thursday night, elsewhere in this bane.	pay a cent more.
You want to make it il point to be Keller tvhn U nnpnincr mt n More than iUO students from other local gram or im UK, etc.	.lie will remain for a couple of Wear. HEADQUARTERS for Short
A St-11 jfcM 9rfu,7 r "	, SMSSF»
evening in the lecture room of the Mr. J. ft. McDowell, president ot Church on Friday evening, Feby the Wool-grower# Association of 22nd, for the purpose of pure has- the County, was in Toronto fur
ing new hymn liooks for the several days last week attending _
Church. Short program and light J meeting at which wooNgrowers ——	--
refreshments. Admission 25 and from all over Canada were pre- FOR SA LE-Ford Car (1917 model)
15 cents.	sent. A new Dominion wide Co- Apply to G. C. Honoins shawville.
operative Company, to be known
The Guest business block on as the Canadian Co-operative %» . « •	,	. ,
Main Street, Henfrew, was de- Wool Gowers, Limited, was or ' os things can be anylxxJy.s gift— stroyed by fire ou Monday even- ganized as one result of the meet- jour portrait is distinctively, exclusively T T
ing of last week, involving a loss mg, and we notice that Mr, Me- y°ur*- Make an appointment to-day, ‘£:°, ‘Ti,kîJvarning ofabout *10,000. The occupants Dowell U one of the two dim-ton	. ». Imison, %%	w trad?
of the block were : Chns. Peever, appointed for this province.	Artist in Portraiture. Machinists are trained by practical
meat-shop ; George Clarke, liar-	:     ----- ^   machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists
immmmmms
__ «.	—	. appreciated. Alt novel tails to era Demand* Exceed the Number of
Fire at Ladysmith.—Tto large cater to the desire- of the iair sex. Willis Graduates Those Meatless Days. hotel building, owned by Mr. F.	_ _	,
warn**
was extinguished.
J. H. SHAW.
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND " Canadas Best
Ottawa, Ont.
' «
OTTAWA, ONT

Ha* Proved itself to be Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools In Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Gowl Inge Advocate.
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
VV . E, Cow lino, II. G. W, Bra itii wait President
Principal
EXPERIENCE
vs
Take Time by
the Forelock !
EXPERIMENT.
ot pro
/
Prepare or Spring
N. I. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa, Ont
WjLLii) College
Sparks Street, entrance between Ketchum s & Sims.
A position for every Willis Graduate.
Birins
ITew Dress Ginghams
attractive patterns
19c
Brown Optical
son — James
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
25
loving and law abiding Canadian citizens within a certain area, covering the greater part of eastern Canada, to observe three
heatless days—within which they I The following contributions to-1 The marriage took place at 6 were commanded not to use any wards the Endowment Fund of o'clock p. m. on Monday, February more coal in their business places the Halifax School for the Blind, 11th, at Ste. Anne's (Anglican) than merely what was needed to fu; which an appeal was made in Chuich, Toronto, of Beatrice k en Jack Frost from doing any our last issue have been received : Irene, third daughter of the late «chief. The order at first was Miss Inez Brownlee, R. R.	William Ai mitage (formerly of
designed to apply to those only No. 2, Shawville,	$1.00	Sturgeon Falls and Shawville) and
who use coal for heating purposes ; J. A. Cowan, Shawville, 1.00 Clair Evans Wilson, youngest son but it was speedily amended to	----------- of Mr. Win. Witeon, also a former
became more far-reaching than m the stall, is found staggering in young couple left for their future gins, Shawville
would have been the ease in the a dopey condition with the pupils residence at Swan River, spending____________________
observance of the original* as the of the eyes dilated, it is usually ap- a few days en route with friend-latter would not have been felt to parent that be has eaten some- at Sudbury and Winnipeg, any great extent outside the cities thing that does not agree with ana towns. The inclusion of the him. The cause, of course, is not
consumers of wood fuel, however, always the same. Bulletin No. 20, February Rod and Gun. brought the villages and small Scientific Series, of the Health or
business centres within the scope Anithaïs Branch, Department of “The Condition of the Fur Seals LOST — One Airdale (or Wire haired) of the decree, with the result Agriculture, Ottawa, that can be To-day ’ by Botin veastle Dale; Terrier. Answers to name •» Barney.;;
ditions of the enforced fuel fa* partaient explains at least one 1 k by M. A. Shaw ; “Injun mine. If the order was not ob- cause of this state of things. Devil by H. A. Sturtzel ; served in some cases, as doubtless The authors, Messrs. S. Had wen. Toilet Set for the Camper* by K. it was not, the excuse could be D. V. Sc., Pathologist, and E A. H Brewer ; ‘The Old Time River reasonably advanced that people Bruce, V. 8., Assistant Patholo- Brigade' by R. J. Fraser : Wan-did not have time to hear about it. gist, tell of experiments by which dering Trails by H. C. Haddon ;
And if a good number of the it was found that bracken was “A Hunt with New Brunswick country people were disappointed frequently at fault. They say a jCiiideF:	these are some of the
on coming to Shawville, for ex- disease known as “staggers" has stories and articles that go to	. c ,
ample, on Saturday to find the been prevalent oh the Pacific slope *H\ke "P the mid-winter number	nrh n
business places closed, the same for many years, and then proceed f^Bod and <»im m ( anada. pub* % .. Light Kxprmis ! P* apology could be urged—lack of i to detail the results of their lished at WocKlttock. Ont, by YV. i .* Double Driving Harness time in which to circulate the in- search. To show the serious tin- J; 1 ‘v lor Limited. In addition to i good Cow, rullklDg formation; although it may be said ture of the complaint they quote the above their February number 1 general use mare in their behalf our business men an instance in which of 24 horses, |contains under the heading of A sVfp,illMl.ï'l' VV ‘r,	V,.', ^ v * .
did the best they could to safe- owned by 11 farmers, 10died. - Not "Guns and Ammunition two fine	MUHt ^ clea,ef1 °P MHrvh
guard the public against ineon- only are the symptoms fully set articles by expert gunmen, namely venience. But in these strenuous forth, but the treatment that1 ? honias Jv. Lee and Mh^joi Town-times everyone may expect and should be followed is given and md YVHelen. Mr. Lee i- described
shoiikkbe prepared to miner some the steps that should be taken for by the editor of t his department	...	.
iiersonal discomfort and even ad- the eradication of the fern from as “undoubtedly the finest target 1 lie city bacteriologist warns the versity. Thu burden of the world- the horse's feed, whether gathered *hot with the .22 rifle that has citiaensof Ottawa against drink* conflict is so great, so overwhelm* in the field or supplied from the ever lived and Ids artile on Re- ing Hull water, Surely the ing, that all, in some form or an* hayloft. The title of the bulletin, P^tmg and Single Shot Rifles will mg unneeeaaary other must necessarily feel its de- is “The Poisoning of Horses by the be read with great interest by heard <>f Ottawaos pressing effect.	I Common Bracken.” j	J gunmen.	foi Water ?
Marriages
Navy Prints
For the Halifax Blind
W i i.sox—Ar m it ag K
20
552 St. Catherine West
Light Prints
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St
roi
Heavy Duck and
Gingham Sheetings
30
WANTED — A working housekeeper (Protestant preferredI. Will pay good Wftges to suitable person. Apply to J no. C. Howard, Davidson, Que.
Tickings * Feather Proof ’ 45
¦ :i
25
A
36 in. Flannelettes
FOR SALE—Between 3 and 4 thousand
Apply to Weslxv Shawville. or on
laths, of Hynes,
premises at Clare ndon Station
' good quality R. R. No.
38-3
5
FOR SALE
Dome Fasteners
1
1
Above prices good till March 1.
HERB. MITCH EM
Shawville
W. A. HODGINS
warn Who ever going to Hull

###PAGE###2###
ITCHENEB'S MOB
one thirty-second part of an ounce and The Prince and the Peasant. /I ft IClPS W 1 f 116 f { f f) r P Q c k
Proving That Bird* Are a Valuable own weight of corn or wheat oi^for- co^iderahle intTfelt i^ÛulZpcaS	% ::
W crops. Thus it would appear that who Sequent soldier districts and sell
tha above-mentioned number of these c^0jce eatables at equally choice	writs or send by Bxurese to
r*» &ÆK.W s. i wrosr..
,)f crops worth, at tyi average of $10 character,, and it is to be feared that
a ton, $17,439.	he encounters little more than the
This shows that the encouragement pureiy mercenary motive, of birds on farms is not a mere matter But onc ol(| Italian woman recently of sentiment. They return a cash restored his confidence in her class by equivalent and have much to do with exhibiting a spirit of motherly the success or failure of crops
NESTLINGS AS GOBBLERS.
/
XhhH to the Farm
The greediest thing on earth is a nestling bird. It consumes its own weight of food each day, with a daily gain of 20 to 50 per cent, in growth.
Little else than mouth and stomach, it spends nearly all its waking moments
CHAINER VI.—(ContM.) •	nutcs, German field artillery	Vegan,	^ young robin in captivity requires
In addition to this staple, the daily	a searvh tor us with shrapne .	e	eart|lworm8 pVr (|ay a^d asks for
vais fresh meat and potatoes were und so well directed thal we were giv-	During an outbreak of grasshoppers	,ast yp*r
substituted for corned beef. Each en. 8ome very unpleasant half-hours, |n Nebraska a	few years ago Prof.	it is possible for one to	live in full home,
man hud a very generous allowance	flttt,on	our f®ces' listening to ^	gam Hughey saw a long-billed marsh health and vigor for long periods when
of food, a great deal more. I thought, ”ie deafening	explosions ami the uci-	wrvn varry thirty to her young in one ' subsisting on a diet of dried fruits,	i Make plans	for	spring	gardening
than he could possibly vat. Shorty ""^\'^Jd%om th^tTeiuhe^ as'well hour* At this rate’ Zoning seven nuts and a few grains and some of the work without further delay. T
ES55SIS	.™ == ?	t
blue bo-tk- flies U b> "	"	‘ th the night, for	it was our duty to see	same more than <00 per diem, and that j to fruitarians. In the summer time	grounds
There were in fact millions of flies to il that ol,r	K1"18 ,lved UP to ,hrir	the passerine birds of the eastern half when both dried fruits and fresh	plants and	seeds	required,	and make
They settled'in great swifrms along reputation as “weapons of opportunity of Nebraska, allowing only twenty j -ruits of all kinds are in the market, provision for them early
the walls of the trenches, which were	and surprise. With the aid of	large broods to the .S4t. ..re mile, would de-	even those who are meat eaters in cold
filled to the brim with warm light as	8^a[^. maps, we located all of the	roads,	(ia|]y 102,771,000 grasshoppers,	j weather can	plan	a healthful and sat-
|oon as the sun had climbed a little .'?,tain ra?ge\ VL - w tjt*,TAaT)	The average	grasshopper weighs	. isfying menu without flesh	foods,
way up the sky. Empty tin-lined. [ine8î ™ads	W*Knew were usedi
ammunition boxes were used as cup-	hi y troops moving in and out of
boards for food. But of wha^fivail the trenches. We located all of their, were cupboards to a «Un loving and communication trenches leading back| jam-fvd BtiHtft army living in open ^/he rear; and at uncertaini inter| ditcher îffthe summer time? Flytraps | va » twv. ™vel'ed roa<?8 and trenches - «'"Ifiade of empty jam tins were set along xx V,)j hursts of searching fire.
the top of he parapet. As soon as ^he German gunners were by no one was tilled, another was set in its '	inactive They, tw, pio e
place. But it was an unequal vmr\*Vh*]T knowledge of night life in the against an expeditionary force hring-line their knowledge of soldier countless numbers.	nature. They knew, as did we, that,
“There ain't nothin’ you can do," lhe road, in the rear of the trenches said Shorty. “They steal the jam are filled, at night with troops, transright off yer bread."	I l£rt	»"d fat.'fu.e partl,e„8"I
As for the rats, speaking in the They knew, as did we, that men »e-
light of later experience, I can say	so utterly weary of lning
that an army corps of pied pipers |hJt t^hev are*\villhig to%ake big risks	has revived such indulgence on this!	apples are cooking
away the1 honles	that infest! when moving in or out of the trenches,	continent that it has become one of	syrup when the apples are cooked. Stir -
vd the trenches living like house nets for the Pure *oy of getting up on top the food problems of the hour. It is until thoroughly dissolved,	then	bring Q|tV
on our rations Thev were great'0* the found. Many a night when not that candy is needed overseas in quickly to a	boil. Pour over	theap-j ;	*
lazy animals, almost as large as cats, T were moving up for our week in	any great quantities but the sugar	pies.	|c
and so gorged with food that they hrst lmc’ or ;>iU*k ,or oor	in	that goes into the manufacture of	French Apple Pie.—Line	a	pie	tin £
could hardly move. They ran over us rJ‘s« rvo, we heard the far-off iut v- o cen(jy js<	with plain pastry, then place a layer E
üirkfS'Mi; S-S E£és£'£	Æ	zaü 1	i
haversacks.6*^Tbev TiïïV and *harp word of command. If there	which he knows to be	made from cane	and brown sugar and a thin layer of =	shop. There are so many big stores	|
sw snsxr? ^r6	si	st-Mss i	-1
rion ca*ers but never to mv knowl-	was not, wo fell face down, in	are already	hungry of	the sugar which	spoonfuls	of	cold water, then cover :	Still there is just thit little draw-	g
11 mm
..... ......—.................................
will do well to make the grand tour M'e’.e we»e de.>ult<-»\ bumbaidmcnts our reckless use of sweets and con-uf the trenches when the war is finish- t'u‘ '^'ru'hcs at day^	fed ions while people over in Europe
E";SëSiiI
Il ta new forte following the with shrapnel, Tommy was not great- candy in the l i.ited States and
windings of the firing line from the 1/. concerned, for in trenches hi Channel coast across the level fields of fa,r[y safv frnm shrapnel tire H Flanders, over the Vosges Mountains lf the shells were large-caliber high to the borders of Switzerland. Pe- explosives, he crouched close to he destrains may wish to make the jour- *ron^ of the trench, lamenting the nev on foot, cooking their supper over t,a>' he was foolish enough to^ become
SSAtbSSS?vsE	üt srsrsrsssss
are enthusiasts who will be satisfied wagered his next weeks tobacco ra- ami there are many varieties of candy with only the most intimate personal t,ons T*t the London papers would which might be made by the skilful view of the trenches,	if there are those Prm* the same old story: J long t e	combination of fruit, nuts, etc. Chil-
who would	try	to	understand	the we8*?,rn a1*0*11 t"e1r.e !s no hlng ” re"	dren should he taught to discriminate
IP Èi-mm mm**
' “Now. don't ferget, Jamie!” he said vhanev. Every one forgot break- Fully 25 per cent of the sugar re
as we shook, hands, "always 'avc a box f.ast	word was. Pa8Be0 do^'n hned in Canada goes towards the
line that we were going to mortal fy manufacture of sweets, confectionery,
Ib?2s sàti1,Tï>ritr;„'.pn, .
j them again to watch the fun. Fatigue	”onth 1» to i>e maintained, if England
parties, working in >he communies-	*till to have 2 pounds a month for
in the tion trenches, dropped their picks and each person, then Canada must retrenches there were days, sometimes shovels and came hurrying up to the duce her present per capita consump weeks at a time, when, in the language first line. Eagerly, expectantly, tion of 7 lbs. a month.
of the official bulletins, there "nothing j every one waited for the sport to be-	___
or "calm"

1
fi
ë
w
iInr

LUI
Lî:
In Dutch Guiana the women carry upon their persona all the family savings in the shape of heavy bracelets, anklets, necklaces and even crowns of gold and silver.
i
iCV.ias.Norman Hall.
sym
pathy
Poor lad!” she exclaimed, watching No less than 2,717 public and high him ns he studied some Italian coins school boys worked on Ontario farms in his hand. "I dare say he has run
short of money, being so far from
\
m

%
mm
Auio&trop
mm j
On Time 1
Study
Ascertain the number of
Rsw Furs ?5FFru-
?
,7

yv. SILVER
830 Bt, Feel Bt. W.. Montreal. F Q 20 yenre of reliable trading
\

\
'In the army everything j must be. done on schedule. r You can save time and | appear on parade looking f smarter if you have shaved r with an AutoStrop Safety Razor. Its smooth shaving qualities are such that no rough places are left nor is there any after-shaving un pleasantness.
The only razor that sharp ens its own blades autonmti tally.
'miimmmiiiiimmmmiiMiitiimiiiii:
i
f.
=
Shopping
G 5

11
in
WAR AND FOOD SERIES. No. 7.—CANDY
a
Candy is a luxury rather than a tablespoonsfuls in one-half cupful of necessary of life but it is a luxury that cold water for length of time that the
Add to the
Big
i
C
=
s
=

M


Guaranteed to Satisfy

r
Complete-Outfit
$5.00

AT ALL STORES	f
I
AutoStrop Safety Razor Co., Limited
83.87 Duke St..
• Toronto, Oat
l
46-1-18
i
=




a pudding dish pies a very swwt tapioca pudding. Bake for twenty minutes in a moderate oven.
Tapioca Budding.—Wash one-half cupful of tapicoa in several waters. Place in a saucepan and add one quart of boiling water. Cook slowly ft me hour
en to taste beaten white of egg apples and then bake as directed
Pour over the ap
EERLESS PERFECTION
mmv For Those Broad Acres

eri
Cut «p » fence that will last a life lime — a f •as <»r break d wen—that will hold a wild hot k «eu l une ihr-ugh-that can'lnwt-a fence Vial Meeds y V rough usare l r an Imals or wrather and I* cearanteed. mk 1'U.Kl ' -i I KK	N teu.lng le made cf Hra y
p-A Open H*»rth Steel Wire with all the tn-perHUe ¦¦out and all the etrenrth and tonehneae left tn. .
nlereet jwj. It's Well Wi-i th iftsm;*	tod*? Iy*l
itfre throughout i'ans.U I andi# *ir r-wnpWte HnSe THF ROWllaLHOXIK W1MK tf icf. CA- tü.
Ihil csal
lay
is Canada in the past year is double the amount of money needed to keep Belgium supplied with food for a year.
There is no necessity for giving up the use of candy altogether but there is a crying need for a radical change
But
Remove from fire and sweet

z3
Then fold in the stiffly
Pour over the
%

'IBi
This Book will help you
Stop the Leaks
The
in your Farm Profits

w
ETE called it "What the Farmer can do with Concrete
Fir# on a farm usually means 1 total lose because of the lack of water-pressure. Concret# cannot bum -another leak stopped.
Disease among your stock is usually due to unsanitary conditions. These conditions can be entirely remedied by building the well* water tanks, septic tanks and bam floors of Concrete.
There’s a type of waste that la peculiar to the farm that U built of old-style materials. For instance^ mud was never Intended for th* paving of a feeding lot. Build your feeding floor of Concrete, and there will not be a single kernel lost.
o' Keatings ’andy, an’ 'ang on to yer extra shirt!”
title that exactly
describes it, but does not give »r> idea of how vital its help is to you. To realize this you've got to understand that Concrete is a big factor in successful farming. Just consider the common leaks your farm Is subject to, and ho w Concrete #!#/* thon Ucks
Wooden Buildings rot under the •trees of time and weather. Repairs cost money Concrete won’t rot.
Rate are another source of leakage they gnaw their way through an kinds of buildings-except Concrete, which is rat proof.
¦ U*ih wU you wt
CHAPTER VII. Midsummer Calm
During our first summei
prevailed j gin.
From the halls of hollow steel, filled with high
tremendous
Our projectiles were immense
to report
“along our entire front." From the balls of hollow steel, filled with high	An Apple a Day.
view, “calm” was putting	it	somewhat	reserve trenches.	A dull boom from	appearance,	when baking	apples,	try
mildly. Life in the	trenches, even on	rear warned us that the game had	this method
the quietest of days, is full of adven- started.	Remove the cores and place the ap-
ture highly spiced with danger. “There she is!" “See er? Coin’ pies in a casserole dish. Add to six Snipers, machine gunners, ar'illery- true as a die!’ "She’s go n to hit ! ; op eight apples one cupful of syrup, men airmen, engineers of the oppos- She’s go’n’ ’to!”! All of the boys would one.half cupful of water, one small
at&rArvtz s tszts,*jz« vur. %%%'%
cavorted advantage, the morale. Tom- height of several hundred feet.	Then,	1 th	apP V ', PIur® lhe 1,d	on
my calls it the “more-ale,” but he jolly if well aimed, it reaches the end	of its	the casserole dish and then bake	the
well knows when he	has	it	and when	upward journey	directly over* the	apples In a moderate	oven	until	they
he hasn't.	enemy’s line, and	falls straight into	are tender.	*
There were many nights of official his trench. There is a moment of Ideal Apple Sauce.—Cut the apples •aim when we machine gunners crept silence, followed by a terrific explosion into quarters. Remove the blemishes, out of the trenches with out guns to, which throws dirt and debris high in piace a saucepan and add the wa-
E*s£ SHE a EsKBS suft %
from our listening patrols, who were the parapet, quite forgetting his own taste- Flavor with either i mnamon or lying in the tall grass of "the front danger in his excitement, and	shout-!	nutmeg.
yard.” They sent word to us imme- ing at the top of his voice.	Apple	Custard.—One cupful of thick
diately when they discovered enemy |	44 'Ow’s that one, Fritzie boy?" apple sauce, sweetened to taste, yolk
working parties building up their “Gooten morgen, you Proosian sau- 0f one egg, pinch of nutmeg. Mix « parapets or mending their barbed-wire 3age-welloper*!"	thoroughly, now fold in the stiffly
entanglements. We would then lay Tyke a bit o 'that there ome to	white of egg. Pour jnto eus-
s¦?r T, « - * *¦« -	-
ing at the rate of from three hundred	---+----- tei #nd	f°r twenty minutes in
to five hundred rounds per minute/	Food Control in the Went	: a moderate oven.
After a heavy burst of fire, we would	, ». «. ..	u, . M 1 Spiced Apples.—Tie the. following
change our positions at once. It was XIr* , M<Gregoir. ; e®lern r spices in a piece of cheese cloth: one then that the most exciting part of preeentatiye ot the Food (ont roller, ; joie|| w),0ie doves, one-half dozen our wrork began For as soon as we is organizing work in the West from ^ole allspice, piece of stick cinnamon, ceased firing, there wete answering his office m Winnipeg The co- two hlad€9 of mace Plac€ in a aa^e
ed and various progressive measures jvmon	1	|
have already been adopted.	^our
pies as can be conveniently cooked in this syrup. Cook very slowly, turning the apples frequently; when they are tender, lift in a dish. Soak two

•9
I
Do you uud this book that makes it easy for you to improve your farm r
This Book le
FREE
Write for It.
*
FLOORS
DAISY HOUStS
CONCRETt SLOCKS •
Mwt
SILOS
rtNCl ROSTS
3
OARAOC*
ROOT CELLARS
TROUGHS AhO TASKS
ROADS
er c* do wttli
iW
Canada Cement Company, Limited
803 HERALD BLDG., MONTREAL*
I
m

I
L **'

z
m*




On Concrete Roads
tst-jrsssssae

s
I
t the
k
1^1
High-

( ook slowly for one-half Now add as many cored ap-
x
\

hie
t
//
Shur Gain
Fertilizer



>
“A man’s own good breeding is best security against other peop ill manners.” O
N
tm
f
!« A
, /
r field.



###PAGE###3###
Is » large quantity of high-quality berries.
1 find winter protection has much to do with successful strawberry-raising.
I cover my entire berry plot with
BsSûSrs JTirr S5f emr:	-» >»-
itÆïrïtï aîL* 25 zs? is. ss
dirt and grit that otherwise injuries the some types of small road scrapers jnay not ’'P- Anne -ng -appearance and quality of the fruit, be ued for this, or a very good home- to the other end, and with this mr
My little plot of notsover one twen- made scraper may be fashioned of rangement one manit an p‘ j ‘ f
tieth of an acre yields us from 12 to	wood and faepd with	a strip of steel,	slz|,,t rakp* ° 54 1’ f
16 bushels of fancy berries in an	such as the back of	an old cross-cut	<m H twpn y‘foot v u *	f nrever.t
average season, and half of the crop	saw. An ice plow is	almost essential	™ust. " go,,<1 a"(. h.	P	Hanirerous
that this appetizing product furnishes. Bold to customers who come after	if any quantity of ice	is to be harvest-	Hipping, as hand ink ,M*	Jl	la f . .
For a supply sufficient for a good- them more than pays for all labor and ed, though for small jobs it is not nee- 1 8,1,1 lg 1 pTV* M ?!, hive an sized family and some to sell to local cost of growing them. My recom- essary. This aids in removing the por- ° he8Vy onea* r . -i = -=^ customers, my choice is the “hill sys- mendation is to get into the straw- ous surface ice and simplifies cutting, h**ortmen “ “JTiv.nL r,, rxnen-tem.M Here is how I handle my plot of berry-growing game next spring with- into block. Half a dozen ice pike ' ° e ar *,h .	.	,	‘	_
12 rows, 60 feet long, rowed 30 inches out fail.	foies, bearing vertical points and hor- -ve to rut ice. yet.ee "^eonlyc^
As lettuce should be a quickly grown apart, plants set 18 inches between	-4- !zontal hooks, are necessary ^	farm or near it at cost of
Scald one pint of milk and add two	cross-cut, one	handle removed, ' va*ue. of farm products	many times
Ubleapoonfula of oleomargarine and m	. be ,uhrtHuted.	' a"' ,h "P"'"'/ ufu	,n	ha,
Th ""TT "t	,
half a rake of composed yea.t dis-1,	^ree squads of	men have	been ing their table with delirious	ice crea.n
solved in a few spoonsful of tepid wa fou"d best in this section, each	with ; and coo, drinks
Stir in about one and a quarter aa t*am The first squad remove,
....... *....—	STS.1îJïr.» ri
Ii«»u.v, âU.I..BI.W	i . i 1	A,x	„ «,,.^,11 cuts the ice into blocks of a size most
zsrvii? zirs s, r	e rsas
[-P'1-- sr,:,„rdr,^,° zn2%22 K” ï
L%bz czr.t;':' I s-SSt : =. srs: c sr ss
plants get to be giants in development S'", ""^he top and bde.Uÿr, b„d, „ it is thinner than a foot
and vigor, and in the spring follow-1	l	’	thick three feet square can be packed
itig they send out an astonishing j "Pread Wlth butter;	well,
number of fruit-bearing stems. Then,	*
if an abundance of plant food is pres- A kitchen in good repair inspires
ent and conditions are\right, the yield! the cook to keep it neat
CO-OPERATION IN CUTTING ICE
Top-Notch Strawberries
\ O ilSiànd ($9
C
“Nothing succeeds like success*’ holds true In the growing of strawberries that will sell themselves, says a successful farmer |
•trated to my own satisfaction that after one has grown a plot of strawberries which causes passers-by to stop and wonder how such a crop can be grown, he never needs lack for customers for any subsequent crops so long as he keeps his fruit up to a high standard in quality and appearance and plays fair in selling.
I consider it a shameful neglect that used green it is well to plant onion- B0 many farmers and suburban dwell-set deeper than if intended to mature erg fajj	a family supply of
into full-grown onions. This will ré- high-quaJity strawberries—the task Is suit in longer white stems, which is so small compared to the satisfaction edible portion;
the more food value they have, the sets have not sprouted when set out, plant them an inch below the tops of the bulbs.
By Earl W. Gage
tu
I have demon
It Is much

By Agronomist
Thu Department le for the uee of our term reed ere who went th* •*tlon V en expert on any question regarding soli, seed, crops, etc. lf.you'.^mn |f of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through thle 60,l^û|et# •tamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with	letter, # comp ^
«newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Pub C*" Ltd . 73 Adelaide St W., Toronto.
Growing Onions and Lettuce.
To get the finest results with green onions, starting this year you should use a good quality of white onion sets.
These are not expensive. ________
ones have very short tips, and the bulbs are firm and unwrinkled. Avoid those with long sprouts and the bulbs of which are withered and spent.
The soil should be very rich, loose, and with a sandy base. They do not do so well in a stiff limestone-clay soil.
It will pay you to give the onion bed special treatment as to working before it is planted. . Dig, chop and rake	emphasized. The best lettuce grown	give them intensive	and	practically
the soil to the limit, and when in good	in this country comes from the muck	level cultivation until	fall.	No run-
condition dig under a heavy dressing	farms, which are almost pure humus,	ners are allowed to	take	root, they
of rich well-rotted stable manure.	This condition of soil applies to most	being regularly clipped off.	A piece
Maketthe top of the bed as fine as for of the succulent crops, seeds, ready to plant as soon as the
The tongs
The best
If
Soil For Lettuce
crop, it should have a warm soil, well filled with humus. This
After setting the plants in May in latter quality can hardly be over-1 well-prepared soil, made very rich, I
in summer.
I'he Amount Required
|m.v ________* —r-.	' of sheet steel, about mix inches wide,
1 Lettuce is of two general kinds—the formed4into a hoop about 14 or 15 soil dries out somewhat, as it should "loose head,” or "cutting,” which does inches in diameter, and to which is ! -J	I
lw drier for onion sets than for seed not make tight heads, and the head fastened an upright handle, furnishes S U, Ü i.j ______________<>“r’	« 1..11
lettuce. Each of these kinds has its an excellent tool to clip the runners The usual way, in ordinary soil, is appropriate place and season in the ! rapidly to set them about three inches apart. I home garden. The former is planted This is not necessary .when the soil directly into the garden beds for imis rich and porous. As the onions mediate use as soon as large enough, will be picked before the bulbs get while the head lettuce is sown in the more than three-quarters of an inch in seed bed to be transplanted later on, diameter you can set them with only separately, in rows for heading-up. an inch space between them—and get good results.
A common practice is to make a shallow trench with the hoe or rake, in which process the bottom thereof is more or less compacted, making a solid mass of soil under the small ! onion-sét. This makes it difficult for the fine roots of the onion, when they • ommence to forage for food and moisture, to penetrate this soil. In many cases the result is that the set is
ter
The dairy far mer, should put up about 1,000 pounds of ice for each cow, if used to cool cream. For a twenty-cow herd, ten tons of ice will be needed. If whole milk is cooled, considerably more ice will be needed. Under average conditions it will take from two to two and a half tons per cow for milk cooling. As from forty to fifty cubic feet are required for a ton of packed ice, for ten tons 600 cubic feet of space must be filled.
The sides of the ice house should be The second squad of the community we|j insulated to protect the ice from co-operative ice party cut* loose the summer h(,at	Sawdust is good for
block* and floats them to the side of thjj purp0Re	About a foot should
the open water, where they are ready : bp allowed for th(. two outside walls to be loaded on sleighs. Here J tramway with a pair of ice hooks at
sowing
Two Ways in Cutting Lettuce
There are two ways in which the
cutting lettuce is generally handled.
One is to sow it very thickly, and
when it gets to be four inches high, cut
it off just above the crowns for using
as "snip” lettuce, allowing it to grow
' again large enough for several more
cuttings. This is a wasteful and not
very satisfactory way.
A better way is to sow the seeds
.. ...	, _ ,	,	.	..	.. I thinly in drills six inches apart in a
Hhgh ly lifted upward, checking its, w well-drained location, dropping growth, and making a poor onion, of
doubtful quality.
This can be overcome by planting them so that the soil under them is not compacted. Mark off the rows with the straight edge or use the gardenline. With an old spoon or the point of a bread knife, lift out enough soil to admit of the onion-set, insert the set, pour the soil around it, and firm the soil slightly around it DO NOT PRESS ON THE ONION-SET WHILE PLANTING IT. This method
is wry simple, rapid and effective.
It is based on the necessity for quick growth and good green onions.
,a which are filled between with sawdust.
1 . ,	....	When filling the house, keep the top
tached to a rope will make loading a	and with H light stick tamp a
relatively easy matter. Let the rope	Uberal (iuantity of broken,	chipped,
By Andrew F.	Currier, M. D.	extend across the sled-box from the	and	hhaved ice into the	joint» I
Dr. Currier	will	answer all	signed	letters pertaining	to Health.	If	your	tramway; hitch one horse to it arid	adz	*8 bandy for shaving	and	leveling
question	Is	of general	Interest	It will	be answered through these columns;	drag the blocks from the water to be	the	jce ‘square cakes	are	used in
E'H™£*£ iSSSHSi : b-PEEB-HHES
should insure good, tender lettuce as Bronchitis mean inflammation of	^ 8 .	ice-house. They place each load into jnto a solid mass,
long as there is any to pick.	the mucous membrane which lines the 1	1 nig	inhalation Position in the house, pack sawdust as
HEB Sg :	SHrrHH : S?
• f nt^in arms tn a rantenArian • from cause, may get bronchitis. house. In case the wea her is dear days ; but before the weather moder-an infant m arras to a; cen^”»r	U may be tuberculous in character, when beginning to cut, it is best to ateg the top shouid bc covered with
e? e . e	e 1 c hence that must be determined. , leave the cakes in the water until even two 0f gawdust or clover chaff.
*	re818 Pnwer.	In order to prevent it, breathe deep- *ng, when they should be drawn our ^his covering should be redistributed
een°U”;,'t	protected with warm clothing
attacks the fine canillarv tubes it Keep the bowels open, use hot In conveying the ice from the sled \ Ventilation is an important provi-
•	f A V f r_i : *	drinks to promote perspiration, a to the house two chutes may be used sion in an ice house owing to the pre
Infant» «ntl vniinc children are fre hot Poultice 0,1 the chest to facilitate to advantage; one about twelve feet sence of warm air which is certain to
stt-irsst str ^ -bM bw -	ïï-z-at
inm<l. Kwollen and obstructs the en- A su,table do8e of quinine at the be- eight or nine-foot doors. The smaller place a small ventilator in the center *r«n .„d Pirress of wir fa thU dis-	of an attack m*Y arrest it chute may be made of two-by-four'* of the roof which carries off this warm
u . • av_ tnbe< the n-.sHAire tbe *ood ** abundant, but simple f0r sides, with one-inch stuff nailed; air. An opening of this sort will not
u JlrrmLt obliterated It also secretes and dep*nd more upon nature for re- lengthwise of the chute. The long melt the ice, as an opening in the end m,,p material than it does in health than upon drugs, if you can.	chute had better be made of two-by- would, yet provides space for the
¦B**
The acute	form of the disease lasts	able care, I do not think	it essential,
from a few	days to	a few weeks, the	2. It is well thought-of by some with
chronic for	months	or years, getting	whom I am acquainted
better and	worse,	being especially	which is in solution, but	that which
troublesome in winter
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
An
Caring for the Product
\
Shallow Working Required
In order tç> facilitate growth quickly, onions when grown for eating green should be well and frequently

Only shallow working is required, and when planted intensively in the home garden this can best be done with the hand weeder, working around the rows to keep down the weeds and a crust from forming on the soil, as well as a dust mulch over the top to prevent evaporation of moisture from the soil
as not to invite disaster the morning of a sunny day is the best time, and it should be done with the fine nozzle of a hose, pointed into the air, or a fine-nczzled watering pot. Usually after the lettuce plants get to a height of an inch at this season of the year they will get enough rain to
keep them going—but be sure of it.
*
Packing the Ice
summer ice
When to be


The really big question is how to raUe the heifer calves, for old dairymen know upon the treatment accorded these youngsters will depend in no smalt measure their usefulness when they mature, as dairy cows. A few suggestions culled from the experience of some leading milk producers, may accordingly be helpful First. The dairy calf should be given its mother's milk for the first ten days, and if it is a weak individual, for at least three or four weeks. Second. The calf should not be About two quarts at a feed
In every household there is a certain amount of table scraps and kitchen waste which finds its way into the garbage pail.
Poultry is the only class of domestic animals suitable for converting this waste into wholesome food in the form vf eggs and poultry meat.
Each hen,in her pullet year should produce ten dozen eggs. The average size of the back yard flock is ten hens. Each flock should produce 100 dozen eggs, which at 60 cents a dozen, a fair average price, would be worth $60, and give the family eggs of a quantity and freshness difficult to obtain.
Two-year-old hens had better be
They seldom
Breakfast foods, cereals, rice, macaroni, cakes, cookies, pastes, starchy desserts, puddings, potatoes, etc.
No. 4—Foods depended on for su : Honey, syrup, sugar, candies, jams, jellies, sweet cakes, icing, and
o v erfed
is sufficient.
Third. Feed three times daily for the first three weeks.
Fourth. The change from whole milk to skim-milk should be made gradually, during a period of ten days. At the same time the number of feeds given daily should be reduced from three to two.	I
Fifth. Increase gradually the feed , allowance until the calf is receiving from four to five quarts per feed.
Sixth. Replace the fat lacking in the swim-milk by feeding such things as ground oats and corn, with a little bran.
3. Not that
is precipitated
sent to the market pay for their feed if kept over a third
A good grooming costs no money, gar
and is equal to two quarts of oats. [	_______________
Keep your horse’s feet soft, and other sweet dessert? have him shod often. More feet arc No. 6.—Foods which produce fat ruined in the stable than cn the road. Butter, cream, lard, suet, salad and Humanely destroy the worn-out. in-, other oils, pork, etc.
If it is true—and we believe it is—
season.
Grit and oyster shell should be included in the ration for both young and old. To neglect this would be poor economy.
Supplement the regular feeds with a wet mash—fed crumbly. Feed all the chickens will clean up before going to roost, but none should be left in the trough for it will sour.
The dust bath should be where the sun will shine on it in order that it be kept dry and warm as may be. On almost all sunny days, one or more hens will be seen filling their plumage with the soft earth, and that will do much toward keeping down lice and assuring the health of the flock high-sided box should be used to prevent the fowls from throwing the dirt ouï when using the bathg|8*** should be changed occasionally so that it will not become filthy.
UNNV
¦
? CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOT
curably lame horse. If you sell him the money that you receive is blood that the war will be won not on'y in money. ,	' the trenches, but in our kitchens and
Punctuality in feeding and watering dining-rooms, then the more we know the horses is very important They about food values the be v w il'
be able to “carry on."
i
i
I
i
i
will woriy and lose flesh if kept wait ing beyond the regular time.
If the hoof is kept supple and elastic by soaking, there will be much less trouble from foot lameness, which! timber dries more slowly at this time starts because of a dry, contracted 0f year and there is little danger of hoof that has no elasticity.	damage from season checking. l og*
When a horse is disposed to cough van Ve handled most economically in in the stable, have his teeth put in the winter months, as four times as order by a veterinarian, as irregul- many logh can be hauled on sleds a? arities sometimes cause a cough. Keep on wheels
the stable clean and well ventilated to cut in winter they become well season prevent inhalation of Irritating gases. *d before they are set. and propei Wet all feed. If the cough persists seasoning is the moet economical give' half an ounce of glyco-heroin preservative treatment three times a day, and if necessary in- posts or poles.
crease to one-ounce doses.	All the great indutstr.*! organisa-
tions, such as railroads, telegraph, and telephone companies, thxt use enormous quantities of timber s| it must be cut between O March 1 *t)HHHHl that beat results ha

I
*
I
Seven. Teach the calf to eat grain by placing dry grain in the bottom of the pail, or directly in its mouth.
Eighth. Food bright, clean hay.
Ninth. Prevent scours by regular feeding, feeding in clean pails, avoiding over-feeding, providing clean, dry stables? allowing plenty of sunlight to enter, and by keeping the manger free from sour feed.
If skim-milk is not available, calf meal can be used. The following home-mixed calf meal, first tried by the Purdue Experiment Station, has been found to give good results:	Hominy
or corn meal, oil meal O. P., blood flour and red dog flour or flour middlings, In equal parts, at the rata of on# pound of mixture to one gallon of water. This should be fed like skim-Brflk, though not in excess of one gallon at a feed.
When to Cut Trees
'

i
Trees should be cut in winter, as
i
i
i
A
m %


\
m
i
»
If the logs or post* are
i
The loam
i
i

i
i
If potatoes that are to be baked lira boiled first in salt water for ten mi-mites they will bake In considerably less time thar. is the rule.
The Brithli will soon fix it so that a man can go from Jerusalem to Jericho without falling among thieves. Even hones4 Turks, will not regret the change.	—
can give t*

f
:

i
Table of Food Group»
regulating substances. Fruits: Pears, peaches, plums, apples, strawberries, oranges, melons, etc And	vegetables :	Celery, > n
greens, potatoes and root vegetables by peas, beans, tomatoes, squash, etc
i
>
fy that
No. 1—Body
1.
Experience ban shown
been obtained
this time.
:
N
? >
A
Most birds eat more than twice their own weight of food every day.
Oil of citronella will restore the color to most shades of tan or brows leather,
t
f In mg in C
¦
since the war. official figures presented of Commons.
I ha
No. 2 — Muscle-building:	Milk
cheoee, nuts, eggs, meat, poultry Ash, etc.
No. S—Foods which furnish starch
iuvn
Hurray! We’re going to the park And toko our But WlHle’o
I doubt If h. cam wait till night.
Shur-Gdin
#
has risen 106 per c according to ¦ in the Hvu«e
supper	a lark!
such an appetite,
Fertil i
îzer

###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
MANCE NAU, SHAWVIILE :
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
TH5 EQUITY.
Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and i\sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
FARMERS’
WEEK
O
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 14, 1918.
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 804, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m,
K.	8. H. Workman, W. B. N. Hqpema
W.M.	Rec. Secy.
L.	O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
IIKitt« Hounixs W.M.
ROYALSCAItLKT CHAPTER meets on the 11th of each month
11. N. IIOIHIINS.
W. Cmop. In Coin
Victory Rheumatic am» Money Core Largely Used With Very Great
SVIX'EW.
Shawvill* Ottawa—
Lv. Shaw ville daily, except Sund xyt 7.28, am.
Lv. Ottawa Broad at., daily cx. Sunday, ft, p.m
Ottawa Montreal Short Link -Lv. Ottawa Central daily cx. Sunday 8.4ft, a in hL Lv. “	“	“	3.4ft. ja m.
Monday ft.36, a. m 5.5ft, a. in.
Ottawa to Winnitkg anh Points West Lv. Ottawa Broad »t. daily 8.0ft, a m.
Ottawa toSavlt Stk Marik, etc. -Lv. Ottawa, daily cx. Sunday, 18.86, a.m.
Ottawa to Toronto, Detroit, Chicago, m -
Lv. Ottawa Broad st., daily, 9.4ft, a.m.
Central daily, 11.0ft, pm.	.... miVL-vt>
For further particulars apply to ( . A. L. lit hhh.
Agent, Shaw ville
Av. Ottawa 0.2ft. a.m. Av. Shawville 7.04, p.m
Hiiaaia has gone out of the war with. it the formality of signing a treaty,
id haa "i
• i fore# a on .ill fixmts
.•ear from this turn in events that Ger* Any has aeorvd a rather important
'«plomativ success.
Ivred the demobilization of
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, hitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five dose's will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : “ l had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness
C McCabe, R. M I). No writes
tism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Grace, .">00 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes : “ 1 was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Vie tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.”
Mr. 1>. M. Robertson, Renfrew, l have not had an attack of
Macdonald College, P.Q.
It would ap
Rro. Hodoins Secy.
Broad at. daily ex
February 12,13,14 and 15.
Practical Instruction. No Fees
REDUCED RATES ON ALL RAILWAYS.
Lv
Lv
RkU. IfODOINS Com. Scribe.
Canada iK's more wheal per capita : am any other country in the world, fuman consumption of wheat in the dominion should not exceed ft. 4 bushels ,«er capita per annum, Canada has been sing wheat at the rate of aland 9 * ishels \\'Y capita each year.
Lectures and demonstrations on Farm Management, with special reference to labour shortage, stock management and breeding, roots and mot seed* grow ing, lmy and pisture crops, judging horses, cattle, sheep and sw ine, with prizes for the best judging during the course.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Lv
Renfrew 1 was troubled with rheuma
First Tuesday Second Wednesday
Austin Elmside Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Tburs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday,
of each month.
i
Before the war England received approximately 1,400,000 long tons of sugar fiom Germany and neighboring ' vim tries. France produced alout 750,-r.nX) long tons of beet sugar and inv , irted 60,00 > tons. The French pro iuetion in 1017 fell to 210,000 long ; ins. Before the war Italy produced about 210,000 long tons and imported inmost none.
I
ELMHURST
SHORTHORNS
V
Accommodation fora limited numttcr in the college residences Charges for room and Ward w ill l*e $1.00 |>er day. Applications for this accommodation must be made to the Principal in advance.
Stay four days if you can -if not, stay one, two or three days.
writes
asthma or coughing since 1 took the
fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw* ville Drug Co., Shaw ville, Que : Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que. ; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 290, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 7*>c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
If you are thinking about buying
A Young Bull for this coming J| LOCAL AGENT WANTED
season
come and see the very choice lot we now offering for sale. They are rich colored, thick fleshed, growthy fellows that should make good money for their owners
The Government has l>ecn evolving aethods during the past few days by which it is believed the problems that ;.;c at present engaging the attention . i Canadian statesmen w ill l<> more successfully dealt with. Recent cabinet i.vtion includes the appointment of a Canadian War Trade Board, the replacing of the Food Controller by the Canada Food Board ; the removal of the duty on cattle and also on traction engines.
—-FOR—
Shawville and District
TO *Kf.L FOR
The OU Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
O—- o—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Hnntlng. HH7. and Spring Planting. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
Full particulars and detailed programme from
The Principal, Macdonald College P. O., P. Q
are
(ostage
OTHER COVBSKS.
Horticulture, Feb. 5. 0, 7 & 8, 1918 Poultry,
Horticulture for Suburban Household era, Feb. 19, 20 and 20, 27, 1918.
Feb. 19, 20, 21 & 22, 1918
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Send for new llluhDmted catalogue *, also agent’» proposition. Handsome free out* fit. Exclusive territory. Liberal com missions.
Elmhurst Stock Farm,
Portage du Fort.
Slmwville, Feb. 4, 1918.
Regular session of the Clarendon Council, held on the above date, at one o’clock, p. m. Present :	Mayor Fred
W. Thomas ; Councillors Bert Hodgius,
\V\ T. Barber, M. Sinclair, A. H. Hor- j Large Transport with Ameri-ner, W. T. McDowell and Titos. Smiley.
The last three named were newly elected and having subscribed to their
oaths of office, the minutes of last meet- officers ana men of the Thirty-Second ing were read and adopted on motion of National Guard division, was torpedoed conns. Hodgins and Sinclair.	by a German submarine on Tuesday
The Financial Report for 1917 was night of last week and now lies at the
"mcK1 ho««,MoDo^n-TUt S^'t.S"“‘	°*"" Purchase a Confederation Life Contract.
the Auditors’Report of the Finances of The Tuscanm remained afloat two	¦ -	over 18 years old, who was at tb© coin
1917 lie adopted.—Carried.	hours after being torpedoed, and altho’ Send for OUT Booklet Covering plans of Life Insurance, inencement ofthe present war ana nas
Mowing WIN%\xiW^f T i!o'expected under We Sell every plan of Life Insurance offered on the Market or"» enl.jevt u( annllied or nemml Cimn-
.be	TO secure Confederation Life results, you must
B. and J. Fund, $12.00 : Thoe. Smiley, ship closed in quiekly and did heroic hold Confederation Life Policies.	Saskatchewan or Albert*. Applicant
bill for valuing sheep #2.75 ; W J work, as the comparatively small num-	.	must appear in person at dominion
Grier, work 1917, #3.00 : .fas. Rennick, ber of losses—about 100—show. The Prosperous and Progressive after 4f) years of Business. lands Agency	or	Sub-Agency	for Dis
#3 00 — Carried	|«.sition of the Tuscan!*, off the north	r	trict. Entry hy proxy	must be	made on
«Æ	I::",.': Confederation Life Association sSrâSS
McDowell and Horner.	British i-atrol Imats and other vessels	Established 1871	in each of three years
i uahad to her aide and in tbt* way the	In certain district* a homesteader may
losses were minimized.	g Q ANDERSON, Agent, Shawville, Que	v7eam.,'tiondjli?|3qoo^	Du’
ties- Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emp tion, may take a purchased homestead ,	in certain districts. Price $8.00 per
&S3SSS
Imes. The ebaspeteristte colors are !lt white, gray, yellow, brown,blue, green and black.
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
The traffic in intoxicants in this province has little more than a year to live. Legislation put through at the late session in Quebec provides that licenses to ©ell liquor as a beverage shall expire on Way W, 1919. Liquor for sacramental, icdieinal, mechanical, manufacturing and industrial purposes will be dispensed under a special license. And thus old John Barleycorn’s last dugout has Ix'en it tacked and rendered untenable.
Ontario
Toronto
can Troops Torpedoed
Make Your Decision
Right Now
The Anchor liner Tuscania, with 2179
ianN
c
SY
I
I
w
G
The Quebec legislature, which has *)cen in session about six weeks, was prorogued on Saturday vhile of a comparatively quiet and non sensational character, was nevertheless tesponsible for the enactment of some m portant and even drastic legislation, notably the prohibitory measure and the bill to give Montreal a new form of municipal government through which it i* hoped to eradicate the evils that besmirched the old system.
The session
K. T. HODGINS,
»Set\-Trees
Another big steamer, the Auraum, of p g^WELL R0BART8, District Manager Eas
the Canard line, was reported to have I ^	.	. . _ _	,
been torpedoed lietwccn Feb. 5th and | t@m OntfUTO, 115 SpEtrKS O t., UttRWfl».
7th, while hound for the United States.
It is said the vessel was still afloat and making for port
Large Increase of Maple Products Advocated.
The t ‘oinmission appointed to investigate the Halifax horror of a few weeks ago have found that the captain of the 11-fated munition ship, the pilot in charge at the time of the collision, and the examining officer of the harbor were •all guilty of gross negligence, as a remit of which finding they were placed under arrest and tried for manslaughter, except m the case of Capt. Lamodec, *ho will be handed over to the French Government to deal with as it sees fit. That the negligence complained of was permitted to exist, shows that something was w iNyigV ith the officials higher uy.iüi Vne harbor's administration, and these should be made to bear their chare of thf blame,
Dear Editor
As we are nearing another sugar season, I thought I would give a few hints on the production of maple sugar and syrup for 1918, if you can find space in your paper, if not let it go to the waste-basket.	x~
We hear a lot of talk about increased production, and the raising of bacon hogs, etc., but the maple sugar crop should not be overlooked, supposing wo have to raise a few extra hogs. Every householder knows how sugar has been tied up this last year, while the farmers in this County have maple trees by the hundreds and thousands, on their own land, that there never has been a sap sj*>ut driven into yet. There is three weeks’time in the Spring, when all the boys are home from the lumber campe ; They have nothing to do only swap yams, and go to see the girls. If they would get the maple bushes going full steam the girb would go and see them Bristol, Feb. 4, 19187 I instead. After a dreary, hard winter Bristol Municipal Council met on the like this one, when the warm days come above date. Present-Mayor Camp- in the spring, it is new life to the young bell and Councillors Campbell, Graham, people to get together and go to some Homer and McLellan.	sugar camp for a feast of Lit.ere or
Minutes of last meeting read and snow sugar. Even the old fashioned
adopted on motion of Horner and Ora boiling method has not lost its charm,
but old or new way of making, evçry
A letter was read from C. G. Malloch, farmer who Las a bush should make use asking what action this Council intend use of it this season If cannot procure ed to take re. closing of the old Ross sap buckets let him make the old Point road	fashioned troughs ; they can be made |
Motion - Graham Horner -That the very easily out of any soft* wood that, Mayor get legal advice on the matter. will split straight, such as Ash, Ioplar A letter was read from the Bronson Basswood. A good axeman can make Company. Ottawa, re. condition of one hundred in three days; they can be bridges on the Quyon river for driving turned up at the root of the tree at the Burpoaes	close of the season and they will be,
Motion - McLellan Campbell - That good for four or five years use. Every the Secretary notify the Bronson Co. hundred pounds of sugar made in the that this Council will hold it responsi bush this spring for home consumption ble for any damage caused to any bridge will leave that amount to go to England
Motion - Campbell Graham - That cannot spare the ships to carry it to the following bills be paid :	Europe. The vessels are all taken up
O. Cuthbertson, 2027 lbs hay at	carrying troops and munitions of war
$12.00	#12.1'.	I am not going to say anything about
D. Hodgins, bill drain tile,	42.80	the process of making, only this, it
Motion - Mclvellan CampbeU- That should be made heavy enough so it will we proceed to enforce the by-law re. not sour. A farmer who has any to
“^EfiWasariSi- atsws rpsars
the Secretary publish an itemized state syrup without a label of some kind and
Ai&ïïgtâLsrSfir * tœïïi ïî	«. .«h
McLelUn Campbell — That «pace, I remain
Your# sincerely,
Fred W. Schwartz.
Greermount, Feb. 6th, 1918.
prehistoric men In the United States.
It was at Flint Ridge that the warriors of the stone age bought their ammunition for the hunt and for war-
- SHELLS CUT THROUGH WIRE
Attend the Shawville H. I New Projectile Ha# Scissors Attach-
ment—Another Releases Short Chains When It Explodes.
M. Concert Feb. 14th.
There seems no limit to what the new shells can do. One of the latest shells has a sort of scissors attachment which, when released by the explosion. will cut through the strongest wire entanglements. Another releases a number of short chains when It explodes. These chains are sure to wreck anything they touch, soys Popu-
K

75
Mail Contract.
SEALED TENDERS, addressed to the Postmaster General, will 1*? received. ,	..	...
EsmiüsïSÈ
mUte	1	The arms are attached near
W. W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior» Uaauthorised publication of
Bristol Council Minutes
this adVûrtiàsmest will not be paid for
sue*
mm
THE MARKETS-
Flow per barrel $11.50 Wheat. pei bushel, fLlStaS-iS Oats, per bushel, 85c.
Beans per bushel, S6.0U,
Batter tabs print sand rolls. Mk Potatoes per bag. l.fifti Bggs per dozen 45c,
Fowls. 12 to 18c pea lb.
Geese. 13c. per lb,
Hides per 100 1W. 10.00 Pelts 25c. to 2.90 each Horse Hides each 4.50 CalfsklnseMta 1.00 to 1.23 Veal 9klnaeaoh90o
Post Ofli'*e Inspector’s Office Ottawa, Feb. 2nd, 1918.
\
Mail Contrac1,
V.
æSS/SSsæiSStSSi
aothlng left.
8hs Wished Good Service,
Telephone girls have many ttons put to them dally, according to C young woman who Is employed at the Central Union exchange la this dty, notes the Indianapolis News.
m	But the funniest request made by
Collection of Arrewpointe sad Spear- aBy ot our «bacrlbera la aU my ex
heads Donated by Ohio Man to whence,” she continued, “came from Goniaga University. 7^-. an old woman just the other day,
14 Ta this the Bell Telephone com-
8th March, 1918, for the conveyance of His Majesty’s Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six times per week on the route,
ThefolkwlnsaseiastSatnrdfoysquoU ations t
Buttes, I» prints 48c tb60C Bolts* In palls 46 to 48c Rggs, fresh, oer do*en 7<X to The Potato## per hag, $2.00 Pork per 100 lbs $22.00 to 27.00.
Beef, per 100 lbs, $lMt to $!<$*
Oats per bushel 86c	HH
Hay per ton 13.00 to 1600
RELICS FROM FLINT RfOGE
Wyman l|ural qoute No. 1
from the 1 at of April next.
Printed notices containing further in formation as to conditions of prono
¦¦	CO LUCAN,
Post Office Inspector
-<xi
'an.' I replied.
44 ‘Tea,
¦mNCI________________.
stty museum of Spokane by Witter A.	There's something the ma6*
Mlkeeell of Newark, O, says the 8po- » tep	my telephone, an* I w$mt hi «h
kone Chronicle. They come from th<* ^	down here an*
•nnat famous dint qnarrte# von v * bt
t to speak to Mr. Ben
Motion
we do now adjourn
Equity Pay.
Post Office InsiaiCtor'a Office, Ottawa, Feb. 2nd, 1918.
O. T. Diummomd,
Sec. Treas

###PAGE###5###

WHAT LONDON HAW
THE EQUITY,
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
IN FURS
FALL WEATHER
OpiuioN of I hr Kdiiors on Our Hcceul
Klrrtlou.
4 Weekly Journ*l	telle* Inter##!#.
PeMlikii •*»? Ikenk# 7
4t Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
«tnssoiUPTioN, $1 a Year tw Advance.
tW All arroar* milt be paid up before •ttij paper la discontinued.
The Canadian election result was received In London with Immense gratification by the Canadian military officers, not unmixed with surprise st the substantial majority, for there had been a feeling of uneasiness an to how the civilian vote would pan out. Here are some headlines which appeared recently In the evening papers:	The Evening News
—“Canada Decides to Win War”;
—“Victory That Will Stir The Standard—“Borden's
The Manches in a rather belated "If Borden wins it will be because his is the simplest scheme for meeting the strain of war. If Laurier is returned Canada will have determined that the prosecution of the war is not Incompatible with non-conscription, and a Reform Government. In neither case Is her Identity with the rest of the Empire on essential problems of the war in any
¦¦¦¦¦
The Daily Mall says has answered emphatically and triumphantly the question whether she was to drop out of the war. The vote is not only In favor of the war, but the adoption of the measure for compulsory service, an object lesson that will not be wasted on Australia. We regard the verdict not less momentous than a victory on the battlefield."
Remind* w tlwit the cold season is not fa mi way, that our home comforts should be looked after at once. Our furnaces may need repairs, or some new stove pipes may be wanted ; or perhaps- we may need n new stove—as this is one of the greatest of nil home comforts. If we go to DALE'S we are sure of .getting an article which will give the greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction He keeps several styles of the latest makes.
A visit to our Pur Department will certainly convince you of the many bargains to
be had
Every article has been reduced, both single pieces and coats, to a third and in many cases to half their original price. When you realize that our original price is always reasonable, you can understand what a big saving there is to be had by making your purchase
now.
advertising rates.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for t*t Insertion and 6 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per fear.
Local announcements Inserted at the •rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion d 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.^
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In * tractions accompanying them will be in-cried until forbidden and charged for accordingly*
Birth, marriage and death notices pub , Jhhod free of charge. Obituary poetry (Alined.
The Globe Empire"; |HHH Victory In Canada ter Guardian, criticism, says
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
Q. W. DALE
nn
i
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Canada
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
JOB PRINTING.
411 kind, of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail omptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Puhllaher
pv
Professional Cards.
GODDESS. .
German,
The Morning Post says advocate» who migrated across the border have failed in Canada as In America, nor will Canada's example be lost on Australia."
The Express fused the obligation she would have strangled her nationhood at birth."
The Daily News decision, as It Is as emphatic in the West as in Ontario. Laurier s position, exceptionally difficult, has suffered what we may regard as a Anal defeat in a long and Illustrious life, which unhappily opens anew the breach he had healed. We may assume Quebec will loyally accept the decision of the majority, but the situation la fraught with disquieting possibilities."
The	Chronicle
cence of race cleavage Is very much to be regretted. It Is to be hoped it will not persist indefinitely The	Daily Graphic:
ranges	herself on,	the side	of	her
mother	and great	American	sister.”
FENCING AND CEME.VERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Corsets that Lace in Front.
This is the new ideal corset, because it is made along the correct line of fashion. You must see this line of corsets to fully appreciate them.
CORSETS—Broken sizes in up to-date lines, to clear at special cut prices.
OR. A. H. BEERS
If Canada had r*-
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery MeGHl University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of ftteniUtooCDental Surgery, Quebec.
Qv*
A significant
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
S. A. MACKAY
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
The recrudes
notary public
Shawville,
STOCKINGS . .
Que.
Women's Fine
Extra good value at 55c. per pair Black Cashmere Stockings that cannot be duplicated to sell at the above prices. As a matter of fact, this price (55c.) is almost today’s wholesale price.
Canada
A. J. McDONALM. C. L.
ADVOCATE, IAAIHTEI, *0.
CAMPBELLS BAT, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
The Exhibition Prospers
Custom Sawing1.
The Canadian National Exhibition directors have a pleasant surprise In store for Pinan.ce Bradshaw of Toronto of the board the interim financial itatement for the fourth war year Exhibition was presented and reflected a most prosperous condition of affaire. As a result of the Confederation year operations the Exhibition will present to the city the largest check In the history of the association.
Commissioner At a meeting
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
For Service
Purebred Durham Bull C N L S R.
FQUIT TUEES aqd PLANTS
FOB SPRING PLANTING.
No. KMttt) Service fee—one dollar Apply to
wm. M Ok it.
5 R. Clarendon
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
We need no further introduction than the fact that we have been in the Nursery business SIXTY ONE YEARS, and are now prepared to meet existing conditions by offering our high grade trees and plants direct to customers at Roeg Bottom Prices.
.	« U j m	Send for our illustrated circulars of
of the large cities in the United Sfntes | hardy varieties which you can order dir-
that its 5 and 10 cent stores are to be ect and save the agent's commission, of
frapplemented with 25-cent stores. This which you «et the l^neflt. Our prices
'~i. «, ««b.. if. i. «. «m. ;,li5.,tsis£32lBySS,S2
of time, the old-fashioned nod on e the CHASE BROTHERS CO. popular dollar store would find its wal	of Ontario. Ltd., Nurserymen,
hack.	•	Established 1857.	___*J
AW 3 0 ATE i BARRISTER. *C
TAILORING
Hull.
198 Main 8t
Nickel Is Out of Date.
It la announced by the press Of on#
It was estimated early in the year hat the surplus would amount to 35,000 and this sum was placed In he civic estimates
PHONE BELL ^
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI ,TER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
It
though the actual figures
Now is a good time for you to select your
1 owever
have not been announced, that tho um to be turned over will nearly Jouble the original estimate and will exceed the surplus of any previous /ear, not excepting 1913, the record
NEW SUIT
as goods are advancing in price almost every month. It will mean money saved for you to order early.
Heady fyade Suits and Gents’ Furnishings.
Ontario,
Col borne
Armoured Cars.
Most of the armoured motor-cars used in the present war for outpost and scouting duty are encased in a light frame of tough steel plate, ranging in thickness from three-six-eenths to a quarter of an inch, and ire impervious to rifle and machino-,un fire.
ear
Will be in Fort Uoulongc every Wed «esday and Shawville every Saturday.
In the latter year Mr. John C.
Kent, who was then president, paid aver to the city $62,000. This year Mr. Kent will make another record tvhen with President Marshall he will place in Mr. Bradshaw's hands a hque for an even larger amount within the next couple of days.
In addition to presenting the city with a record-sized cheque the Exhibition has also met the expense )ut of earnings in 1917 of heavy Maintenance
jharges usually borne by the city.
The amount which the city will receive this year is all the more remarkable when compared with 1913, because of the fact that In the record /ear there was an attendance of 1,
)09,000, against only 917,000 in 1917
Exhibition substantial increases in revenue will be shown, in every do-^
^Following are the amounts paid I correspondence course, which has been
eagerly received. The pupil receives
INSURANCE
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICIT###, lo.
191 MAIN ST , HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
The Welland Canal.
About $13,000,000 of the total .niinated cost of $56,000,000 has eon spent to date on the Welland iiip canal. The work has been suspended on account of the war.
COMPAN IES.
and
improvement
GEORGE E. MORENCY
No charge for Policy Fee.
CaII or write for Rates and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
WWW** â PROVHKIAl UUtl SURVEYOR
all kinds or
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of bote. Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ate.
•outed carefully to the tlon of partie#.
162 Wellington St. - -
Phone : Queen 5230.
ÜUÀ
BRECKENRIDOE
Farming in France.
The French government has Undertaken to tupply the depleted ranks of the farmers and to give assistance to the amateur farmer by means of a
will be open for business
every THURSDAY only
until further notice.
Highest Market Prices Paid.
Oats 85c. this week.
WM. HODGINS.
As compared with the 1916
TENDERS WANTED
tlefac-
Tenders will be received by the undersigned up to March 4th for cedar covering 6 inches thick for bridge at Hodgins* mill. Covering to lie 16 feet long and of sound cedar, and of sufficient quantity to cover bridge in the
Hull
)ver to the city In cash by the Ex hlbltion in the past fourteen years instructions as to a course of reading, up to 1916, not including large | the management of a email experiment sums	annually the assoc
Lion In permanent improvements:
GEORGE HYNES
plot, the carrying out of simple experiments, visits to neighboring farms, etc. The Union of Agricultural Syndicates, which has assumed charge of this work for the government, has appointed a number of “conitors" to supervise the work of pupils In their several neighborhoods. The pupils prepare monthly examination papers and render monthly reports on their work.
new
$31,029 56 30.000.00
28.062.47
28.062.47 20,515.92 47.686.00 37.959.S2 42.068.13 36,431.38 40,024.16 62.680 67 27.673.51
45.116.18
34.613.18
1903
E. T. HODGINS*
Sec.-Treas
1901
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Parsonal ittention.Openallhours
1906
1906
1907
1908
FOR SALE
1909
1910
Five Holstein Bull Calves, grand-sons of tlio famous I'ieteriji,” and of the champion cow in dairy test at Toronto, 1913.
Three of these bulls are fit for service this season ; the others are younger.
J. B. KILGOUR, Glenhurst Farm,
Shawville.
1911
1912
Pontiac Hengervelt
1913
1914
UNDERTAKING »"d EMBALMING
1916
Dog on Operating Table.
Mack, a bulldog owned by Mrs. Charles Wright, teacher at the Rulo school, says a Walla Walla (Wash.)
1916
Returns for the Soldiers.
Despatches announcing the results
HI relays of two teams, the runners con- be chloroformed and hundreds of listing of some twenty men. road race was organized by the Y
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
r
MAIN STREET
\
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
aotial attention
NOTICE.
The I quills were taken out with pincers. The • dog was protecting chickens
When you require Printing’
call at
The snow plough belonging to the
jEach.soldier ran two miles, I owned by its mistress. Mick has suc- I Municipality of Clarendon will be found a lorry following pick ing, up rhe j 'essfully fought off badgers, snakes | by anyone requiring the same at David runners, so that ail arrived together ftnd coyotes which have sought to steal T. Hodgina, Brick Yard. Persons using tn London, where the message was | the ehlekeal and when the porcupine the plough are requested to return same
appeared It charged It. Even with Its soon as finished mouth filled with quills It continued the attack.
4
Ml M. C. A
i
i
J. L. HODGINS
delivered to General Turner.
A “Y" representative met and took the men for a bath and clean-up, and afterwards they had dinner and < theatre evening, returning to camp In the morning by lorry. The cham plon teams participating were given
this run in lieu of an award of | instituted, sixty-odd years ago, as a medals for previous victories
THE EQUITY OFFICE
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE -	- QUE.
i
E. T. HODGINS,
Secretary
i
Win Victoria C Since the Victoria Cross was first
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
Wood Wanted
1
50 corde 8 ft. hardwood (for furnace) the bestowals have not 1 for Shawville Academy. 85 cords to be imouuted to a thousand. Five bun- delivered in February and 85 cords in
The real estate mortgage is the jred and twenty-two was the number | March, ildeat of all Investments. Money we
reward for conspicuous valor In the Orimee
DAT
lïîil'ï IL
Real Est*» Mortga*
J
L
Pontiac's Only Newspaper
l
>f the recipients before the beginning Not necessary that one person supply »f the present war, and during the last | the whole amount.
:hree years SIT man have most coveted of all decoration#.
enow to have been lent on mortgage
lu all countries Ask foe our INVENTORS ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION 5 MARION.
is long ago as 1,100 years before
R. W HODGINS,
Chairman
Christ
###PAGE###6###
4
I
From Erin's Green Isle SEA TO MAKE GOOD
SHORTAGE OF FATS
party. Sentries hav/e reported hearing the sound of wheels onf a road that runs through No Man's Land, and the patrol is going to have a “look see” out there.
TRIPS INTO NO MAN’S LAND
NEWS BY MAIL FROM IRE
LANDS SHORES.
The Dreaded Moment
Here you are at the Are step! Do you hear that whisper passing along the trench ? That's the word going -	along—“Officer's patrol going out!"—
“When this takes place. vt>ry 1	—	so as you won't get shot coming in.
LTJLst: rSSEjz: s#£ .“ÆS £ »* w « - “• Kr, % ;:s. 2 sets. SS.
slippery road,” says an export. “Be- torists should never steel a n\M	Have Never Been Better Described Now you are through the barbed wire, A fund has been opened by the
ing able to handle a car on wet road sharply from a curb when t ie *ur-	in This Article	and here you are in No Man's Land. | Wicklow Urban Council for the deltas prevented many an accident. It face is wet.	,	.	You take a few paces, and then the pendents of the men lost in the Recent
ma\ readily be seen that if a new “The reason for this is simple,	For sheer, breathless excitement darkness swallows you up. You won- fishing disaster.	The world’s supply of oils and tuts
driver is experienced in the necessary	that the grip of the wheels on	to	there is	nothing to beat night patrol	der how on earth the young officer will	Miss Emma Gilmore, Portstewart,	is going	to be derived in rapidly in-
manocuvring of a machine during in	road is insufficient to overcome	'	WOrk at	the front. Nothing is more	eVer dnd his way hack. You look	has been awarded the Royal Red	creasing	measure hereafter from the
clement weather that the repair bill centrifugal effect, and the res nt is tryjng to the nerves, not even a raid around blankly for a landmark of any Cross for devotion to duty.	j seas. This is the conclusion to which
will be maintained at « normal figure,	the rear of the car is forced U\mi> ‘	0|. tho tension of waiting to go over	kind. There is nothing, not even a	Private Robert Howard, killed in	investigators of this problem, which
Or the other hand a lack of edu-1 the curbing. Sometimes a SVl	' , n	the top.	Big game hunters, men who	ruined house, a shattered tree. All is	action, was a son of the late John	was one	of the first to become acute
in manipulating™ the steering	speeding up of the motor wil	o\ u	habitually court danger as other men	juat blackness. Don’t worry 1 The	Howard, Deer Park,	Dundrum,	Tip-	after the war	started, have brought
wheel	while on a slippery road sur-	come the tendency to skid.	seek amusement, will tell you that	subaltern has a compass bearing on	perary.	themselves.
fMCt, may result not only in damaging	\	______ never in their lives have they tasted his objective, and a hack-hearing to A fuel famine is threatened in Ath- The problem indeed was beginning
the car but in becoming injured. |	,	.	.	thrills such as half an hour’s night- bring you safely home again. If you lone owing to the difficulty in getting to be a real ohe before the war start-
•!U the way of explaining what the	Sparv 1 ,re#	*.	prowling in No Man’s Land can give, look closely, you will see the luminous peat from the submerged bogs.	j ed. The production of live stock for a
l„kid really is. it is also necessary to1	Tire wear and depreciation	is not	u is with patrolling as it is with	disc of the compass in his hand as he	A large bakery in the town of	long time had	not been keeping	pace
make	known that there is another	always the result of service. Amt it	shejj8 If » man says he likes either,	consults it to get his proper direction. 'Castlerea was forced	to suspend	busi-	with the world’s requirements.	This
form, which is known as the side-slip, is un unwise policy to neglect the yQU can ^fidently write him down a	Appalling Uncertainty.	ness owing to the scarcity of flour. I has been in considerable part because
To be able to pull a car out of a spare tire under the impression that ljar The bravest and stoutest soldiers	‘	,	, ,t •	A very successful concert was given of the increasing number of peoples
serious skid it is essential that the as long as it is not in use it will keep, ^ ^ best battalions in France will ™	% were utterly cut off from in thv Theatre Royal, Dublin, in aid j that are requiring more and more
driver know the difference between, its elasticity and strength indefinitely. evjnve a certain reluctance when told ^ J Th ,	?. . jth th of the Irish Times’ Red Cross Fund. meat in their diet, and partly from
these two.	i Casings carried inflated on demount off for ptttroi.	|hu ,	.	. ,	, » There is a great scarcity of hay for ; other causes.
“X side slip is a lateral or sideways able rims do not, as a rule, suffer as; j ike ÿ0 many things in this life, the ''ol c * a inve anil laughter ire fee,iing Imposes throughout the Mid-j The net result is that in the search movement of the car. A skid is the much as empty casings, because, ex en anticipation is worse than the actual-	**!	H ,.ei)mt< J nf1(>s that !land8’ ** large Quantities were uncut for new oils and fats, and indeed for
continuous forward movement of the when uncovered, light, moisture, ,ity, and the same men who have clam-	reverberations through whvn lhe winter atormR came* , new useH of fish MS a substitute for
car. with one or more wheels not turn- ! dust can attack them only on the out 1)ervd Blow|y and unwillingly over the	‘ti,.	a niachine irun ! The iMiUtar>' (>0HS has heen award' meat, important progress has beer
Side- slipping usually is con- side. But when an empty casing i. parapet will, in almost every case, . .	>	‘ t_n	T t-n *1 to Rev. (anon O. F. Russ, Bally- made. Some recent developments sug-
finv.i to th.- rear wheels, but in some strapped to the rear tire holdei and is show themselves brave and resource- ;h ,	....	*	Tb* noise «wells me,,a’ now eervi,,g Wît rtiaPlain t0 hia Rest that the seas are altogether like*
thv front wheels haw figured in left uncovered, mud. road oil, and air ful and calm once they are launched 4 *	.	• in ‘ in Majesty’s forces.	ly in coming generations to take .he
gradually accumulate inside of tj11 , into the black void of No Man’s Land. ’	...	*''	, V , g . i A large crowd assembled at the place of the great ranges of the
v®
IN FUTURE OCEAN WILL YIELD
NEEDED SUPPLY.
NIGHT STALKING PARTIES BE TWEEN THE LINES.
Happening* In the Emerald laie of
Interest to Iriah-men.
1Vt»v% to Prevent Var* Skidding
Even Oleomargarine i* Now Being Manufactured in Norway Front
Fish Oil.
\
tt
mg
cases
this peculiar movement.
“When in thv throes of cither
and in time will
Furthermore, when such a
tire,
side-slip or bad skid the first thing to fabric.
remember is to leave the brake pedal easing is put to use, attempts o < ^ ^
lâSiiSi	IhhSSfS.................................» —..
right the car.	i t0 1 lt r, ¦ tv.,m tiuht enough make you volunteer for night patrol- remains perfectly still. If you remain	Describes Climate.
• One reason for side-slipping may straps, am ,	, chafing. A ling again. But the danger past, immobile under a Verey light, a Hun
he fourni in the fact that some drivers to prexen 1	tio-ht oroof tire some bit of good work accomplished, can't see you, unless he is very close.
mii	-
"7..................-'-i—----------------------------------------SSSKSSS.
. .	?IHS2t80,li!-8	TT	nm full-tilt into the orderly. He holds up can	some remarks passed*
Mill AT MID IIAVn	: But everything appertaining to the \Vhen his routine duties au a‘ t0™; his hand. You listen breathlessly. At! The average temperature at Mul- the only great step that men are
WHA1 IVU%. LLVlU	I French Revolution is of outstanding plished. his daily ,eP01 s se	"»	first you only hear your heart thump-' tan, where my battery is at present, is templating toward a more effective
A^ 10 him’ as.are •« l1"*™? Üundrd T	Then you catch an unusual sound : 108 and 109 deg*. during the summer; utilization of nature's bounty. The
rFÛRflF RF ADS Per,od* that bear witness t0 the st f humdrum pencil life s «	—Clink, clink, clink! Thump, thump, but in the last week or so of June we tropics are going to be developed, after
_____ uEvIXuL IXLiill/J gie for freedom of the common people fagence with tin- aergsant-maji r, the e thump! The Boche i\ out working. (had a heat wave in which the thermo this war, at a rate never before imag-
18 *lwaVR thv enemy t0 *R v an You plod on again. Now the grass meter rose to 119 deg. in the shade,1 ined, unless all signs fail. Not only It is almost amusing when the Pre- stU(>-	is long and the shell holes fewer. The and then, on Wednesday, June 23rd, ( are the Governments preparing to
mier is leaving London for Wales or	Harass the Enemy.	party crawls on hands and knees. Sud- .to 121 deg. in the shade.	give more systematic and scientific en-
1 Scotland to see one of his secretaries' The efficient officer in modern war dcnly there is a hard ground under But in June last year, at this same icouragement to proper colonial devel-! exploring the station bookstall for	will never be content with the affirma-	your feet. You are on the road. It is	station, the highest temperature ; opment in the tropical areas but the
the newest novels of the type to please	tive answer to the question: “Is my	grass grown, and a little investigation	reached was 128 deg. in the shade, and j colonizing spirit has been receiving a
T! • Biitish Premier Delights in Sûr- his chief, and to watch him return to trench secure against attack?" That shows that the sentries' tale of carts four European soldiers died from the great revival. One hears soldiers ,v	^e carriage with an armful.	! question disposed of, another imme- in No Man’s Land is a myth, as far as effects of it.	from every army, Englishmen, Scotch-
Fiction of an Historical	Lloyd George reads through a dlately arises in his mind: “How can l this particular road is concerned. I Of course, all stations are not like men, Frenchmen, Italians and, it is
Type.	book very quickly. He skims padding, best harass the enemy?"—or, as a Crump! A burst of orange flame to> ours. Some have a climate very simi- said, German prisoners, talking of the
lie treats a book, in fact, very much	classic phrase in an Army textbook	the right and a loud explosion. A	Ur to England, but these are hill eta- possibilities of South America, Africa.
There	is	no	more	omnivorous	read*	^ a B|ue Book—he misses the unes-	has it: “How can I make myself as of-	bomb! You have bumped into a Hun	tions. Multan is one of the hottest,the Pacific Islands, in fact, the whole
than Mr.	Lloyd George,	though,	in	the sentjaj and concentrates on the ma-	fensive as possible?"	patrol. Crump, crump, crump! go	stations in India, being on the edge of great undeveloped empires of the
case of one who works, as he does, ou teriaj jf a i>00k bores him to begin Before that question can be answer three British bombs back. Instantly the Rajputana Desert.	'world,
an average fourteen hours a day, it is	^ doe8 not persist with it; he ed to a company commander s satis- the very atmosphere breaks into noise. | I have had letters from home saying
difficult to see where he can snatch the	tyjroWH % down, and takes up the next,	faction he must know all about the lit-	Bullets "Bing overhead, a machine gun	that fellows who have just returned ,
time.	The fiction that does not pleasantly oc-	tie strip of ground in front of him.	starts rapping, and there is a swish of	from India arc wearing overcoats dur- j
The Premier makes time by reading çupy ^i» mjnd jn jts purpose, for He must know what work Broth# bullets in the grass. Somewhere close ing the summer. This is not at all in bed at night, after thv long spell ot	^ reads as an antidote for brain fag.	Boche is doing, whether his barbed	by a high, quavering voice is groan-	surprising, owing to the fact that after
official cares, at the week-end, when he	;iis favorite authors of fiction are	wire is in good shape, whether he is	ing “A-a-ah!"	two or three years out here our blood
goes to JValton Heath, where he has n Arthur Conan Doyle. Anthony active in patrolling, in what strength	Getting Back.	becomes very thin, and when we re-
modest country residence, and in ,ong Hope, Jeffery Farnol, Baroness Orczy, his trenches are held. A company	subaltern pushes dn resolutely, turn home we are not able to stand the
train journeys.	i Stanley Weyman. Morice Gerard, John commander must know his strip ot you find hjm Ending by a dark form English climate
He finds novel-reading necessary to 0xenham# E- C# Oppenheim, and Mar- front as a policeman knows his beat. W| ithin on the grollnd xhe officer ' relieve his mind and to give him a lit- jorie Bowen-all the writers, indeed. He must, to carry on the metaphor educes a knife, and slashes off the
» K	UStH
does not survive the actual time	re-	Therefore, out at the front, one of	about, and the next minute you arc in	hut !1one perhaps more interesting, in	meet	the requirements of the whole
xvhilp not hiivimr	verv distinct	pre- !quired to scan its pages.	Herein	the	the means of spotting a good bat-	the	dug-out, in the warm and welcome	® Q^iet way, than one related by Dr. 'country#
indices in his fiction, he is most partial Premier is very different from most	talion is by the amount oî patrolling	candle-light.	A- Thurston,	of the Royal Flying	The secret is the use of different
L historical novels, and his secretaries people, who. when they	like a book,	it does. Patrol work does more than	Well, how did you like	it? Oh, it’s	< orps. He says	he has solved what- j kinds of fiah oil, of which there is
take it™5D<>™themselves to have al- are never tired of returning to it in keep our side well posted about the all right, but-	I eVet'l m.vsU'r> f ie,'e ma> be 111 thc plenty in hand, both of whale and
..‘"d	'"eid “ ,hi; BINDEH TWINE OF El.»* «TUA» -I to ,o. know .her. th. r.lnlinw : ïtotî.n
jr'ïtt z&rXiX atïra rr»ü r:..	n„ ... ........................;q-q=% parsrœ zxl s
h? dramatic and nicturvLiue form the	served its object. He wants his mind	that	the side which is going	to	win	l-ormerly Burned.	on thv top of every cloud.	When you	previously used
nsvrholotfv of famous historical per-	free thereafter for more important	this	war is the side with	the	best	The	Flax Fibre Development Asao-;	n™ «hove the clouds you	sometimes A representative	of the	Morgenblatt
sonaces and no onv is more interested concerns. It is doubtful	whether he	nerves. There are ways of wearing	ciation of Kegilla, Bask., announces	«e the rainbow a complete and beau-	has been given the opportunity of
in the tudv of psychologv than Mr. rememlxeii one-tenth of	the novels he	down the enemy’s resistance besides	that it has discovered a	process for	tlful circle and	whenever you go	tasting the new product and asserts
1 lovd Georire He believes that, with- reads ir> this quick and easy manner,	killing Boches.	manufacturing flax straw into binder ,	al,<ne the clouds a halo encircles the	that	in	flavor	and	appearance	it is
out the ability to understand the psy- But in his light reading he must not	Will you come out on patrol With me	twine, commercial twine and yarns for ‘	shadow of our	machine. I have charg-	equal	to the	best	oleomargarine,	it is
ihuloffv of moules as well as of par-	be confused with his serious reading,	this	dark and chilly night?	Right!	saving into heavy sacking and tow-;*® this halo and it grows smaller and	expected to be on	the market in	about
ticula men the statesman is ill-equip-	There his aim is to absorb and critic-! Here's the officers' dug-out	in	the	elling.	Heretofore, thc flax straw of	smaller as you approach.	It finally	a fortnight,
ned fur his task	I ally analyze the contents.	front line (company headquarters is in	three western provinces, amount-,	becomes a ball of Are and then you
The Premier has	hi	favorite	his-! But the necessity with	' the over-j	the support line, just behind). That	ing	to over i ,000,000 tons annually,	Plung* into the cold clammy cloud and
torical figures. Perhaps of all the1 worked Premier to-day is that, as young subaltern eating tinned pears ^as been burned after threshing. j >'ou are wbere the rainbow ends, makers of history, he is most keenly1 much as possible, he should read for	out of a soup plate by	the light	of n	jt said that experiments carried	Sometimes as	you run over the edge
interested in the character of Robes-1 mental relief.	candle is going out on	patrol in	fffew	out (hi* autumn with the new binder	°f n thunder	cloudy great sparks
nul emotions1______ ________» —	minutes. You can go with him. That (^ine showed that it hound 99 per cent ei Kb teen inches long form a continu-
dark figure, with rifle and bayonet	of the leaves perfectly, a better re-	0lf8 line aIong	the front	edges	of	the
slung behind him, i> his orderly. Down	RU|( than was obtained with sisal	w‘n8R*H
the trench four men, similarly capan-	tw^ne \ co-operative company is be-	. ~	*
soned, are sitting on the fue step, ie-	|^g formed to manufacture the new	Gumption is	ability to put	the grease
signed!y waiting to accompany the twjne	where the squeak it.

Butter Substitute From Fish
The announcement recently from Norway that a satisfactory substitute Multan ' f°r oleomargarine had been produced from fish oils, while it wal-regarded as extremely important, is in fact only j A little while ago I was reading an one evidence of this increasing de-Knglish paper that had been sent out pendency of the world upon the seas' from home, and came across an ac- sources of supply for various neces-count of a heat wave in the Old Coun- saries. Now it is asserted that the try, the temperature being 76 deg. in denizens of the deep waters are pre-the shade, says Gunner I). Leahy, of sently going to be put under contribu-Bultan, India. I read the article out lion for a variety of new foods and to the other fellows in our room, and 1 substitutes for leather in many uses.
The subjugation of the sea is not
HOT IN INDIA!
A German l'atrol
con
A Cure for Brain-fag
rest from state affairs
FOUND IN BOOKS.
ring
Price Will Be Higher
In Norway milk and butter supplies are very short, but the Morgenblatt announces that the problem of a substitute for oleomargarine has been solved and that the Norwegian 'oleomargarine could be made of purely Norwegian materials without thv admixture of foreign vegetable oils, which experts had declared to be essential.
*
WHERE THE RAINBOW ENDS

Fascinated by Robespierre
Problem and Solution
Our problem is to feed our Allien by sending them as much food as of the most concentrated nutritive value, in the least shipping
we cun
/
pierre, whose motive he is never tired of studying. Essen
,	,	¦	- -	- «Pace.
These foods are wheat, beef, pork,
dairy products and sugar. Our solution is to eat less of these and move of other foods of which we have in abundance—and to waste less of all foods
. , Warmed-over meat loses flavor and tially dramatic in hi* his own compos i cejely will give the desired taste, tlon, Mr. Lloyd George is fascinated bv the vividly dramatic career of the
Rye mush is more palatable if made with half milk instead of alt water.
!
i
(Treat Revolutionary
!
»
r1 I WAS AWFUL# SURPRISED AT THE PRICE - ON# #10°* !
-----_ AMO THE VERV ti. _____ _
LATEST DCSI6N WELL-A-~---------- WHN DIDN'T
Sou eux it :
IT WAS IN THE WINDOW AND IT CAÜQHT M'i EXE RlôHTAWAir IT IS JUST THESTNLB OF HAT 1 NOU LIKE -Too |------
OH TQM, I SAW THE CUTEST LITTLE
hat down town to pan - it
WAS THE NIFTIEST UTTLB SAIlOfd
I DID DUS |T-D0N*T Nou THINK ITd PRETTY?
I
r
ZAsao?
t
f

>
x
###PAGE###7###

The Utile Ghoet*.
He shall nee many ghosts before he dies!
*rhe ravished and the murdered and those	r #000
;ure, shall arise from and main
And clone about him, mute and shad-owwise;
And ever first and foremost to his
Western Woman fpraks
Wiib Enihus^m
SHIPBUILDING IN BRITISH COLUMBIA.
A WOMAN’S HEALTH SPITZBERGEN :
NO MAN’S LAND
ti if a
Ha* been Canada *
V
•a 8
If history can be relied upon it is just one hundred and thirty-one years
since the first ship was built on the {]Vfrs. R. Erkford Telb of Dodd’fl ,n tor'
Pacific Coast of Canada. A century may PROVE TO BE A HfcCOND an(j a quarter passed without bringing1
The woman at home, deep in house-	ALASKA.	the industry to any Immense proper-
hold duties and the cares of mother-	tions, but within the last few years
hood, needs occasional help to keep	--- shipbuilding advanced in British Col-,
her children’s welfare exact heavy	of construction in the province. At	again—
toils, while hurried meals, broken rest Spitzbergen, virtually the only present the industry represents an in-,	'•* ,e’ *a** v > y	> P The frail crushed blossom* of the
and much indoor living tend to weaken Man’s Land” of any value left on the vestment of $30,000,000. Nl"e lar^e|s- '	, R Fckford of this rlftce‘
her constitution. No wonder that the	earth, promises to present an iryort-	vessels the product of British Colum-	• V '	/:	(li	Uodd’s	And in their eyes no	fear will	be, nor
woman at home is often indisposed ant question after the war ends. Jut-1 Wan enterprise, are now sailing the • j	wrath,
through weakness, headache, back- ting up from ohe of Europe’s most vessels, the product of British Colum-, . "	. f) ,d. Only a child’s bewilderment at hate,
aches and nervousness. Too many northerly points toward the regions of which are of steel construction, aie	„	¦ . f .. vs Mra And in their hands no lifted menace
women have grown to" accept these perpetual ice, Spitzbergen received either being built or have been con-	‘-H» are all right, says Mis. dw#I|.
SkH ?=5^52	rHÊSH
simple and the cure at hand. When By some it is said the country will ing have been the demand for otea	. ,»	* These helpless hands shall pu.sh him weather before the sap starts to flow
well, it is the woman’s good blood prove to be a second Alaska in the tonnage created by the C„"nan sub-,	% Diamond Dinner Pills are into hell.	*	in the early spring Late pruning
æsæ&sæjsfjzz555ss^cl5t£Rs:-jSi • -v™'""" =	=-z
than any other woman in the	world	tities, easily mined without shafting,	^ resorts offer for	the ship	•1J ®^#a	1	.	tu	Dominion Express	Money	Orders
needs rich blood and plenty	of it.	abounds in Spitzbergen. Besides there	building trade. It was	for ****.,	, s , Lr'm	nni<p th*	nMoli	are on sale in five thousand	olficeaj Minard’i Liniment Cures Colds. Eto.
B|	reasons that the Imperial	Munitions	prairies is the warm	praise the	people	Canada
Board selected British Columbia to give Dodd’s Kidney Pills. They are
build twenty-five vessels.	used for all kidney troubles, including
British Columbian shipbuilding is backache, rheumatism, lumbago, heart
carried on mainly at Vancouver and disease, diabetes, and dropsy and
Victoria, but New Westminster has a ! Bright’s disease, and their popularity
yard of considerable proportions at, is proof of the good work they are
Poplar Island, where four of the ships doing. Dodd’s Kidney Pills are tin*
ordered by the Munitions Board are standard Canadian kidney remedy.
being constructed. The classes of ¦	u>-—
ships being built are divided into
schooners and steamers. The majority J The law of Moses, still binding are built mainly of wood, but several devout Jews, was ages before its time
favorite yraM for more than forty
Cun Only be Maintained by Keeping the Mood Rich and Pure.

arth
Kidney Fills.
years
lor 3c. to
___________ Ie"
*ClUtf[C«AM1,1 '! Pro<iute 50 !•'**
loaves of fine, wholesome nourishing home made bread. Do not experiment, there it nothing Æ just as good.	t-'

gn

She Say* They Are "All Right." and
G*ves Her Reasons For Saying So— prom^th# red streets and from the
Why They Are Popular on the
.,T„0,»ONT

sea’s vast plain
The little children shall come hack
MADE W CANADA
sac
y
EWGILLETT CO. LTD
TORONTO. ONT.
WINNIPEG	MONTREAL
Finish grapevine pruning in cold
There is one always unfailing way to are found deposits of iron ore, marble, get this good blood so necessary to copper ore, iron and copper pyrites, perfect health, and that is through molybdenum, galena, zinc blende and the use of Dr. Williams* Pink Pills., other minerals.
These pills make new blood abundant
ly, and through their use thousands nationals working in Spitzbergen are: of weak, ailing wives and mothers British, 3,574 square miles; Norweg-have been made bright, cheerful and Urn, 770; Swedish, 448; Russian, 80; strong. If you are ailing, easily and German, 23. In addition the Scot-tired, or depressed, it is a duty you tish Spitzbergen Syndicate, Ltd., of owe yourself and your family to give Edinburgh, ilays claim to Bunzow Dr. Williams* Pink Pills a fair trial. Land, known also as the Sassen Bay
Dried potato parings make good fire
Dr. Zavitz, of the O.A.C., says that lighters sixty varieties of potatoes are grown in Ontario.
Areas claimed by the five different
I
AD1KH WANTED TO DO PLAIN J an<] light sewing at home, whole or spare time. good mv Suet pudding is a good dessert for distance, charge* paid
cold weather.
Mlnsrd's Liniment Cures Dlstemner
work sent any Send stamp for particulars. National Manufacturing Company Montreal
Clean Hand*
MISCELLANEOUS
ELL Ey TIPPED NEWSPAPER and job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried $1.600. Will
sale Box 69. Ltd . Toronto.
o
on
VV
YES! MAGICALLY! CORNS LIFT OUT
WITH FINGERS
K" for $1.200 on quick Wilson Publishing Co., I
¦É®&SSSSS3ÈÊSÈ easM= sxsr.
wea nerve8» ,u eyt ic no to me ever before the advantage accruing to In order to finance the shipbuilding dom from disease or the means of tnely remove e\ery iar or so corn Phygk.lanB anfî eye ,Periaiists pre-
k.y^-&CLtZtl "TpCTw.-«wT B.kEüÆS'H
me feel like a new woman. Later enough to caU8e a 8cramble for Spitz- timers' Association is endeavoring to longer and more thoroughly than any Pou.nd applied directly upon a tender,	refund guaranty by all druggi*t«
when I was nursing my ba >y, A et Bergen with its extensive resources, secure a “Shipbuilding Loan” from the profession in the world, and with most aching corn relieves the Huron-— \n-	'"	_	f|
nm down, and .gain took the p.lls Spitzbergen at various times has Dominion Government.	reason;	stantly, and soon the entire corn or (12118111 111 A HF#
ind my a iy at six months weig e	accredited to Russia as a result There is a bright prospect before In certain hospitals.they have a set
thirty-five pounds. It was this mv< i- ^ annexation, but as it is contended the shipbuilders of British Columbia, of rules for hand-washing which it be lifted off with the fingers, me that gave me the strength to faj|ed to follow up any formal It is possible that the yards there would be well to apply to all and Th,s new way to rid ones f et o nurse him, and both ba >y and mysel act|on 0f the kind—if it ever was tak- will be making ships for the Austra- strictly enforce. Before operations corns was introduced hy a Cincinnati greatly benefited by it. I hope every en—Russians would have a hard Ban Government in the near future, these strict regulations prescribe four man, who says that freezone I11:- in suffering woman will give Dr. Wil- time to convince other nationals of Negotiations are now being carried on washing processes of five minutes a moment, and simply shrivel- up t * iiams Pmk I 1 Is a fair trial as I dl1' titles to the land. Especially is this by the shipbuilders of British Colum- each.	corn or callus without irritating the
ror I have proved their wonderful cage in regard to Great Britain in bin with the Government of the Com- For the first five minutes the sur- surrounding skin.	;
mZltm	1	1	$ view of recent developments in Rus- monwealth with a view to securing or- geon is supposed to wash his hands in Don’t let father (lie of infection 01 1
> ou can get these pills through any pia	! ders.	' the ordinary way with soap and warm lockjaw from whittling at his corns,
medicine dealer or by mail postpaid at More than 300 years ago, in 1614, i The great ships of the Canadian water, and then carefully to clean his but clip this out and moke h m try it.
.)0 cents a box or six boxes for $i»60 james I. of England formally claim- Pacific Ocean Services, now plying finger-nails. When he has leisurely If your druggist hasn t any freezone | from The Dr. Williams Medicine Co., ^ Spitzbergen. The Muscovy Com- between Vancouver, Victoria and cleaned his nails, he goes to the pail t<d* him to or * r a smad bottle frony Brock ville, Ont.	pany, a British concern, was ordered countries of the East, when they have again for another five minutes, still hs wholesale drug ho>
“to uphold the King’s right to Spitz- lived their allotted time and done with soap and warm water, bergen” by an Order in Council. That their appointed work, may be re- The third five minutes is occupied in claim also was allowed to lapse in the placed by other liners, just as mag- washing his hands in alcohol, and the
which the Russian nificent, that will be built in the fourth for the process of sterilization claim lapsed, the Britons interested in shipyards of the Canadian Pacific with a wash of corrosive sublimate.
Coast, for it is not likely that industrious British Columbia will ever re-
(
1ANCKK. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC., / Internal and external, cured without pain by our horn#» treatment. Write um before too late Dr. Bellman Medical Co.. Limited. Cofllnjrwood. Ont
1
callus, root and all, dries up and can
The Soap to Cleanse Ointment to Heal
Nothing
better, q uicker, safer, surer ' \ at any price
troubles of young or old that itch, bum, crust, scale, torture or disfig-I ure. Besides, you may try them <? before you buy them.
^ Sample Each Free by Mail
3 With 32-p. Skin Book. Address post-
The celebrated Dr. M.chenhoff, 7 U# g A/, S(>,d throughout thc world.
an authority on early old age, J __ _	_
.7.'™^'Lztz i udo Kipon Qinif
When your stomach digest* food # III il OI IXILOU OIUIX
œüXZZSttt i	orwrii isnurue
toffi&s! »	otVtN muNmo
of “Sclgel's Syrup" after meal# make* your digestion sound. 10
—4%
B
for you

N
You Shall Not Pass.
She is a wall of brass.
You shall not pass! You shall not pass Spring up like summer grass, Surge at her, mass on mass,
Still shall you break like glass, Splinter and break like shattered glass.
But pass!
You shall not pass!

When baying your Plano Insist on having an
i
same manner in

"OTTO HIGlL”
URINE Granulated Eyelids, II PIANO ACTION
fj:.
ronT*'* WI AZ'® relieved by Murine. Try it In X/x.-^riVr C your Eyes and in Baby's Eyes.
YOUR tlt^No Smart i.i|, Just Eye Comfort
Marine Eye Remedy
Bye Selwe, to Tub** 25c. Fur Book of thé Eu*

I the country say.
With the end of the war old data will be dug up, with records of com- lax its hold on an undertaking that paratively recent times, to bolster the has begun so auspiciously. ( contentions of the various claimants, as Spitzbergen is sure to occupy a
prominent place in north European af- GIRLS! LEMON JUICE fairs.


Cause cl Early Old Age
German, you shall not, shall not pass! God’s hand has written on the wall of ** bras
You shall not pass! You shall not pass! The valleys are quaking,
The torn hills are shaking,
The earth and the sky seem break-
IS SKIN WH1TENER
j How to make a creamy beauty lotion
At the present time in Montreal	for a fvw centH-	j
there are 1175 re-educational courses Che juice of two fresh lemons, if lump sugar is added to olive oil given to returned soldiers comprising strained into a bottle containing three ^ —two lumps of the sugar to a quart I	I instruction in seventy different occu- ounce* of orchard white makes a 0f 0jj—% will not become rancid
«	: kx.	vs
a«	: snr tz ”.rr *xh",: = £œ	£ s
- " w *-¦	SZ.tSfASr.£. F"
has been found to work most satisfac-	lemon PU*P Kots in, then this lotion
She sets her	teeth, she	bows	her	head;	torily indeed, the marked interest dis-	WM keep fresh for months. Every
You shall	not pass!	played by the men and their ambition	woman knows that lemon juice ** ***#4
rill the last	soul in the	fierce	line has	to succeed, is a constant inspiration to	to Woacn and remove such blemishes
. the teaching staff. The great willing-,as d eckles, sallowness and tan and is i ness of manufacturers^ co-operate the ideal skin softener, whitener and with the vocational department in beautifier.	-
Teach Seventy Occupations
Keeping Oil Sweet
If

Restored to Health by Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound.
no
You shall not pass!
The Nova Scotia “Lumber King”
BSSEBLAMENESS Aurora III-“For .even long month,
from a Bone Spavin, Ring Bone, J suffered from a female trouble, with Splint, Curb, Side Bone, or similar trouble and gets horse going sound.
It acts mildly but ouickly and good results are lasting. Does not blister
hair and horse can
says:
"I consider MINARD’S LINIMENT the best LINIMENT in use.
I got my foot badly jammed lately. I bathed it well with MINARD’S LINIMENT and it was as well as ever
severe pains in my back and sides until I became so weak I could hardly walk from chair to chair, and got so nervous I would jump at the slightest noise. I was entirely unfit to do my housework, I was giving up hope of ever being well, when my sister asked me to ?	h E. Pink ham’s Vegetable Com-
pound. I took six bottles and today I — am a healthy woman able to do my own
Mlih Prices Being Paid lor
Cy,,,n	avt Vegetable Compound, and find out for
&frup \	Mi themselves how good it is. ’ Mrs. Carl
A. Kieso, 696 North Ave., Aurora, I1L The great number of unsolicited testimonials on file at the Pinkham Laboratory, many of which are from time to time published by permission, are proof of the value of Lydia EL Pink-ham’s Vegetable Compound, in the treatment of female ills.
Evenr
cordially invited to write to the Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co. (confidential), Lynn, Mass., for special advice. It is free, will bring you health and may save your life.
fled
You shall not pass!
Help France ? Help France ?
Who would not, thanking God for this giving over their plant facilities for
great chance,	instructional purposes indicates clear-	üi f i
Stretch out hib hands and run to sue- |y the wonderful appreciation of the two lemons from the grocer and make cor France ?	services rendered by returned men at. UP a quarter pint of this sweetly fra-
the front, and the importance of the £i*ant lemon lotion and massage it ill	¦¦¦ daily into the face, neck, arms and
hands.
&
Just try it! Get three ounces of orchard white at any drug store and, nex*
or remove
be worked. Page 17 in pamphlet with each bottle tells how. $2.00 a bottle delivered. Horse Book 9 M free. ABSORBING, JR., the antiseptic liniment for mankind, reduces Painful Swellings, Enlarged Glands, Wens, Brui ses, Varicose Veins# heals Sores. Allays Pain. Wilt' tell you more if you write. $1 and $2 a bottle at ¦ The movement in England looking ieaim or deii»«ed. Liberal criai bom* for ioch
toward the adoption of the decimal W. F. YOUNG, P. 0. Fn 518 Lymans Bldg., Montreal. Cas.
ibsorbinc and Abeorbtoe. Jr., ire made to Cuudfc
Yours very truly,
t. g. McMullen
Harold Begbie
great economic problem which confronts the nation.
Value of Peanut.
The peanut is a substantial food,
KEEP LITTLE ONES
Ing said to possess a food value of;
2.3 ounces of round steak, 6 ounces	UfCI I IM WINTCI)
codfish, 1 ounce rice, 4.2 ounces rye|	Tv Dlili 111 TT111 1 Lilt
bread, 36.5 ounces spinach, 6.6 ounces j apples or 6 ounces bacon. The peanut is rich in fat, and also has mineral salts important in the diet, such as phosphorus, lime, sulphur and iron.
DIAMOND-CUTTING INDUSTRY
z	---- system for currency, which has the
Ideal Occupation For Maimed Soldiers, ! backing of the Associated Chambers
of Commerce of the United Kingdom, is gaining ground.
I
Says London Paper.
---	The old proverb about diamond cut
Winter is a dangerous season for	diamond used to be true, but to-day a
| the little ones. The days are so	diamond can be sawn through by a
I changeable—one bright, the next cold thin disc of phospher-copper revolving and stormy, that the mother is afraid about three thousand times a minute, to take the children out for the fresh For many years all diamonds had to Ox tails make coot! soups and stews a*r and exercise they peed so much,	be sent to Amsterdam, where the Jews
at small	cost.	jn con8equence they ar| often cooped	had a monopoly of the trade of dia-
up in overheated, badly ventilated mond-cutting. Even the Cullinan dia-rooms and are soon seized with colds mond was sent there to be “cleft" in or grippe. What is needed to keep two, says a London weekly.	.
r ,	T	7™	qqia	the little ones well is Baby’s Own Tab- But there was a time when a dia-
& sâs raer5 s ^	:!,vr/5 aaftr-sar atî
W memC * j!L__ '	their use the beby will be able to get will again be possible. Mr. John

Mlnard'n Liniment Cures Carrel In Cows
and
(
Wring Linen by Hand.
If you put your table linen through the wringer you will have creases which are hard to remove when ironing. Rather, wring by hand, smoothing when putting on the line. Do not use starch. Iron with hot irons while the linen is still quite wet.
I
Sugar 1
Pure Syrup command* a high price. Maple Grove owners using our "Champloa" Evaporator have been making good money on a rising mar-» ket for years. , You can do the same by ordering your machine now in readiness for next season’s crop.
Write for Pres Booklet THE GRIMM MNFG. CO., Limited 58 Wellington St., Montreal, Que.
ailing woman in Canada is
i
There are 3160 British Red Cross motor ambulances at the front.
ttoroA
srru
EAGLE
Machinery For Sale
over the winter season in perfect safe-, Hodge, the British Pensions Minister,
on	as the
foV he regarda diamond-cutting as an ideal occupation for legless men. It is a much larger trade than anyone outside has any conception of, for not only is the cutting of a diamond a slow task, but the numbér of diamonds which require cutting is very large, i . The machinery is intricate, and used , to be driven by steam; but now electricity has auperseded steam. Thus does war bring some compensations in giving a profV	ation t*> <•
If the glass percaltor of your coffee maimed heroes pot breaks, use a glass lemon squeezer for the time being
The peace that would hand Syria •and Armenia back to the Turks would mean the peace of death for multitudes.
ty. The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
1 WHEELOCK ENGINE, 16x42.
New Automatic Valve Type. Complete with supply and exhaust plplnq, flywheel, etc. Will accept $1,200 cash for Immediate sale.
1 ELECTRIC GENERATOR, 30 K.W., 110-120 Volt* D.C
Will accept $425 cash for Immediate sale.
Cocoa and tea stains can be removed by dissolving ope heaping tea spoonful of soda (baking soda) in a pint of not water and soaking the stain for a few minutes.
How the Boys Can Help.
A novel and practical plan to yse school boys to assist in keeping pigs and thus to help in the campaign for increased hog production in Canada has been taken up by the Council of the Hamilton Board of Trade.
•bowing our full Unes of Biqrdes for Mta
MOTOR CYCLES MOTOR ATTACHMENTS
Tire*, Coaster Brakes. Wheels, Inner Tubes, Lamp*. Bella, Cyclometer*, Saddle*, I'quip-meiil nnd Parts of Bicycles. Yon can buy your supplies f
PULLEYS, Large size.
Vtkbb $30 ;	12x60—120;
l2»/*x48—$12 ;	12x36—ss.
1 BLOWER OR FAN, Buffalo Make.
’4 Inch discharge—$30.
REAL ESTATES CORPORATION, LID.
60 Froot SL West, Torost*
Isiiiiii
Fertilizer
Shur Gain
T. W. BOYD A SON,
27 Noir*

Hloard’s Liniment Cures Dlplitheri*.
I
/




###PAGE###8###
Amateur* doaX lay aside your kodak* daring the winter, there are lot* of iu tcwanng pictures can be made to scad to the boy h at the front. Amateur finishing a specialty.

the SMle Boot ai Shoo Store
MANUFACTURER’S
11. 11I1MIN,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies
Mrs. Ci. II. HiiAUAyxKV
CLOTHING SALE I
The KgriTY records with much regret the death of Mrs. liera Id II. Bra bazoo, which occurred at the home of her son. t'luudo, 88 Fair-inoimt A”<\, Ottawa, on Wednesday morning of last week. The deceased had for many years past 1* 411 a gieat sufferer from asthmatic affection, and on numerous oc* casions was at the breaking i>oint of human endurance, when she would rally again, and for a short time show evidences of improvement, which in turn would be succeeded by a recurrence of previous distieasing experiences, and tints a bright and usually cheerful life was ucnressed by a malady whose shackles could not be shaken off.
By her death is removed one of the life-long residents of Portage dn Fort, and a person who was held in high esteem by a host of friends who mourn her deiwirture and share in the bereavement I which the family have been called I upon to bear.
The deceased lady was a daughter of the late Edward Murphy, of Portage tin Fort* and i< survived
y two slaters, and two brother*, one of whom i-Sheriff Geo. B. Murphy of Mooso-niin, Sask.
The funeral took place on Fri-1
ins leaving
February Bargains
20 p, c. off all lines Felt Goods. «
$2500. Clothing Stock
Bought at 75c. on the dollar of
^MANUFACTURER'S COST PRICE.
tyust be cleared out in 4 Days
Feb. 27 to Saturday March 2,
Both days inclusive.
Just imagine for a moment the saving. It means 50 p. c. of the price of a suit or overcoat saved !
15 pairs Women’s Cravenette Boots, rubber heel and sole. 20 p. c. off regular prices. These are very comfortable boots, well lined and will give good service.
If you think you will need a pair next winter, they are good buying as they are bound to be much higher next season.
by her sorrowing three sons ; also b
Otta-
day. The .remains wa at 8 a. m., were conveyed by train to Haley's station, thence taken to Portage du Fort, where the burial service was held in St. George's Church at J o'clock. In the absence of Rev. Mr. Hall, who was attending Synod, the Rev. Mr. ijuntermaine, of Renfrew was the officiating clergyman. Following the church service, the cortege proceeded to the village eemeterji vinily, frit-nds ,»ikJ biHiiu>«' as j where interment took place in pit
\ nice I -•cnee of » large numoer of >ym-patlietie fi lends including a good representation from different outlying |x>ints.
Six elderly men, old-time friend
and acquaintances of the family now n ul lx adopted. Carried.	acted 111 s |iall*bearers.
Motion Shore-Smith Tf petition
I of G. W. Dale and W. A. H'uigins for 1 Mr. Win. II. A. Fraser, second ! license to keep a temjieraure hotel lie son of the late Alex. Fraser, the 1 granted. Carried.	I millionaire lumberman, died at
Mr. A. O. Brough having ap^uu tl | his home in Ottawa, after a short before the Council with a proposition illness, on Monday of last week, asking exemption for u period of twenty |ugtfd 55 years. ,v~ # years for a factory for the manu facture of butter and allied product*,
It U hereby resolved on motion of, . .	. . .	,	.	*, ^ ......
vmms. short ,md M. I)ulo that this Icensfitl •«'this only son in the » at
Council enter into an agreement with Mr. Brough oil the basis of his proptsi-tion aforesaid, save and except that portion which asks for a guarantee that no
other similar industry will be allowed to I & Co./ a director o locate in this municipality within a )v- Bryson Limit* r Co
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Below we give a list of what this stock contains.
The Sale is on CLOTHING and CLOTHING ONLY
land lasts only four days, so first here first served. •iCome early before the stock is picked over.
This stock is all perfect goods, well tailored and din the newest styles. There are suits for the 5-year j old, up to old mens models.
The Elephant Brand Clothing Co. having gone out of business, we were luckily the highest cash bidder for the stock and we got it. It is now in our store and open for inspection.
No goods in this lot sold until day sale opens. ;|Buy heavy - all you can - as this opportunity will not present itself again for some time to come.
Local and District.
\
______	fuK'iute* want your | >or trait.
Mkmohiai. Cari^.-A mw -t-K-k ' «’’S1' f"l,ivl' «" vh.xwe from
of very lient ones at tlii* office—	. ,kl>uN:
he venu désigné-	Artist m rortnutuiv
Milk patrons me kindly requested to return bottle* at once when emptied and oblige Kam Horn; inn.
a?*
DUNRAVEN
Feb. U. We are glad that the weathei has taken a change for the 1 Hitter.
The Misses J. Caldwell and Cars well were the guests of Miss Yoilet
O’Hare Tuesday evening.
Misa Bessie Letts is at present visit sister,
A number of our young people at-] tendis I the prayer meeting held by Rev.
•1. A. Macfarlane last week.
Miss Irene Hearty was the guest of Mrs. Kinsley recently.
We are glad to report that our 1 led Cross meetings are being started up again. We want to try and keep up the go- hi work.	^
to	a2r83Ki	JL-l,»	and
mamm
JaaCarswe l recently.	SK. Hodcixh,	heart failure. Ho was 77 years
Mrs* Ne he Moore was the guest of	Sec.-Trias, old. The late Mr. McGee was one
Mrs. ( ah, 11 last week.	. ,	_	__ of the founders of the Bank of
A couple ot our young tolk enjoyed	''	_	Ottawa,	and was the first vice-
pi ite a nice, but long drive latter part Grant tor Street Improvement president of that institution, after-
of the w-rk: if not ,t-k	Mayor Howard has handed in the ward* becoming president on the
sFHrrt R SaS-te
I^r ment of Roads. Quel.ee, which shows (Jftnadft 'Exhibition Association.
¦¦¦W .	¦	, ,,	that he has obtained a grant covering M an „flil.e |,e held for four years.
I he Girl» Mission Class held a von- j»er rent of the amount expended in In his death the Capital loses one vert on the evening of Feb. 1st, in the gravelling during the past year :	0f its most prominent and re-
5ri&SS.3Mra«&w $**?$*¦ **•	^
BS 'mm Cl:
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. B. Bradley of St. *? • hawiill. .-.i the gra.t iling "oik vafct quantities of high explosive*
Andrews East were the week end guests 'lone during the year 191 i. 1 he grant and munitions of all sorts shipped of Mr. and Mrs. L. A Smart. Mrs. 'x'11 ^ f-a-d alter the Session.	across the Atlantic In the past three
while on hei honeymoon.	*	fore
We are sorry to report that Mrs. Rob-	Deaths	than two	years past Canada alone
ert Harris has gone to St. Luke’s Hospi-	- has shipped 40 to 50 carloads of mutai for treatment.	Mr. Hubert Lothian of Bt wtol nitions and an average of 35 car-
The people of 8t*\rka Corners and vi- parsed away about two o'clock on loads of other army supplies. That , ___	. .	,	•	n n	a r\ i. iDr\
iinity are looking forward with a great Thursday morning last following means that two very long freight EVGTV llllG FGDrGSGIl LS 61 SELVlIlSf 01 trOTTT 4U uO OU
ilîT'i-'s''™%T,ZZ",wS'l'iiiti'.'*." on'wiinpuVi.,1.'"^.	lx 1S'E£«ÊE	per	cent, on	today's	values ;	so don't	miss	this	sale
,, ESSirBEE	s, t SVW r-i	if you value	money.	Had	we	not	been fortunate in
“ 15.teIK'.'..	securing this stock for our patrons we could never
ifZÏÏVrl.....think of selling Clothing now at above prices.
gpssEs	mmm
joy able time.	to heart trouble from which the was gaved.
Miss Alma Brownlee has gone to deceased had had previous at- That record is a very remarkable Ottawa to enter as a nurse in training tacks. Fune ral to Norway Bay when we consider the great Inal St. Luke's Hospital.	Mox. |cemetery at 2 o'clock on Saturday. îreâse in commerce that it indicates
---	and the loss of shipping that com-
=Li**
and M. Dale.	to mourn his loss, his mother, five
Motion—Smith M. Dale- That min- brothers and four sisters, all of
Btoa of last regular and special meetings whom were present.
____» Ho is survived by
his wife and one daughter ; also one brother (Mr. John B. Fraser) and two married sisters. The de-

some months ago, and the blow is said to havo affected him very severely, and no doubt told against s health. The late Mr. F xvas a partum- in the firm of Fraser
director of the Frasev-
riod of ten years ; the Council, however, I Ottawa nul Hull Power ('<>., and agreeing that no exemption or other had an interest in various other privil<¦ ~8 shall l»e given during the | industrial enterprises.
I>orio<l stipulated to any other suvl, in Further, that the Mayor and
Mabel
hi
laser
Look this List over :
LOT 1—60 Men’s Suits, worsteds—tweeds, serges and vicunas— grey, blue, black, brown, etc. Not one suit in the lot worth less than $26 and up to $32, at one price to clear
Chas. McGee Dead
$1875
LOT 2—32 Men’s Suits, mainly tweeds, in different shades and styles ; values from $16 to $21, at one price to clear
$14.50
LOT 3—23 Men’s Suits, suitable for wearing every day but still not too coarse, at one price to clear
$1050
Bja e .1 x\
LOT 4—34 Men’s Heavy Winter Overcoats, Ulster and Trench models—sizes 34 to 42. Not one coat worth less than $24. At one price to clear
STARKS
$18.75
LOT 5—16 Men’s Heavy Ulsters, shawl and notch collars ; values up to $18.50. At one price to clear
$12.75
LOT 6 -65 Boys’ Suits, all shades (also blue) and styles—sizes 25 to 31. At one price to clear	..	..	$5 90
\\ luti < juuuU Has Dorn*.
31. At one price to clear
LOT 7—38 Boys’ Suits in tweeds, worsteds and serges—sizes 32 to 35. At one price to clear
$9 00
LOT 8—23 only Boys’ Tweed Wearing Suits, Norfolk style, two patterns—sizes 27 to 33. One price to clear ..	..	$3.90
Every single day for more
COME FROM FAR AND NEAR We assure you it will pay you.

Sbawville Council
ARCHIE DOVER, SHAWVILLE
Regular meeting of the Municipal
of submarines and storms and the ever present perils in the cargoes themselves, such as wrecked Halifax.







