###PAGE###1###
I
4
4
1
O
No. 24, 37th Year
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THUKSDAY, DEC.
$1.00 A YEA B IN ADVANCE.
v. 1918
THE
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
m
The Road to Independence
I BANK
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest -
OF
Trouble comes to all of us at one time or another.
Saws

4,750,000
OTTAWA
1
The man with a snug bank account, is fortified against the ' ‘slings and arrows of outrageous fortune”.
94 Branche In Canada.
Axes,
[
1
W *
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Open a Savings Account today-and take your first step along the road to Independence.
aside
Shovels.
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
81: George Burn,	>
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Gecrge Gordon,,
General Manager :
D. M. Pinnie.
• " W. Duthle -	-
John B Fraaer Vice President Alexander Maclaren Hon. M. J. O'Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Perley E. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager :
H, V.Cann.
• Chief Insptctor
-.4 bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafta, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
K
Cross Cut Saws Pulp Wood “ Buck Hand Panel
Back Saws Compass " Coping M
Hack
Butcher “
TH€ MCRCHANTS BANK
m
M
a
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, •
QVYON BRANCH, •
CAMPBELL’S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH,.........................
Established J864.
W. F. DRUM, Maeaeer A. A REID, Manager, D. L. WILLSON. Manager. C. E. SHAW, Manager.
• «

Kitchen Saws.
Axes - the leading makes.
Shovels - Snow and Stable,
Long and D Handle.
Cow Chains and Game Traps.
Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
Wood! Wood!
. ,	, The Equity wants at once, some
A chance now to save some money on dry hard, or mixed stovpwood
next Springs suit and Winter overcoat, (split). Would like a load this
Attend Dover’s Sale.	4 week, if possible.
PERSONAL MENTION
Miss Aird nnd Miss - Pascoe, of
day, especially if its a family group, or Mr. and Mrs. George llodgms OorrmponGenc*, Office Work, Civil Ser children. The days being short, the and Miss Jennie, of (^larendon, are vice. etc.	?
hours for making pictures are limited, removing this week to Ottawa for Our STANDARD of instruction being
Fourteen photos to the dozen until the winter months. .	1(1% higher than anv other, our graduates OTTAWA onT __ - v
New Year’s.	H. Imison, Artist. Miss Jennie E. Morrison nnd aro preferred and given BETTER pay. j
11.„ „	St «"oït’JiîîfSïSi «ï™
•«...	... : sc,; £„i;r, .suir" ^
qr	% jfyg *$£%°r2L 5
ish.ng for amateurs a speciality.	Shawville to reside, having pur- =
¦	Imibok. chased the property of Mr. Ralph
Will Co operate—At the meet- **<***»*?"	8t,eet» s0,ltl1-
ing of Clarendon Council on Mon- ,. *r* ' • Sewell Robarte, of Ottawa, day the matter of erecting a mein- district manager of the Confedera-
orml to our fallen soldiers wns dis- tion Lite Association, was in town A Goon Opknino Many i «copie	,
council would co-operate with the o. li. Anderaon.	why it is that some smart young Machinists are trained by practical
village council in the erection of	a	Miss Sadie	Wilson left on Mon-	dentist has not located in Shaw-	machinists,	doctors by doctors, dentists
memorial	hall	on	a	reasonable	day of. last	week to resume her	ville. A good opening here, sure,	byTl1‘‘IlllHls;	.	.	% _ ,
Ihb	-“rt sæs	r,......
enza at the College, Miss Wilson polity that lorty-seven i>orsons For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac-being one of those who contracted *1HVe died *ro,Ii influenza in Fort ! couutant, we have the best courses avail the desea se.	Cou longe and neighborhuotl. If able anywhere
this be true, the district mention- '	v *1^0* un Jncï?,8tc	I.his
A Sale such	as Dover is going to give	wufTeied to a much greater	era* Demands Exceed the	Number of
you is a rare thing at this season of the e*£ent *n*,n the malady tlmn any WilUa Graduates year. Take advantage of it and save «ther portion of the county that	N. I. HARRISON
some «tali	xve have heard of. Aphone mess- _	^	Principal.
|	^	age from Quyon on Monday stated ^ ILLI® College	Ottawa. Ont.
that the disease had practically l*?1! Sparks Street, entrance between The Presbyterian Ladies Aid disappeared from there A few Keicbums&SIm*. will hold their annual Christmas new eases developed in Clarendon ' A position forever? Wills Graduates
Bale of Food and Fàncy articles in Front last week and also in the Mr. Caldwells sample room on back part of Bristol and Onslow.
Saturday, Dec. 11 at 3 p. m.	The front part of Bristol has been
h-|‘
home of Mrs. Win. Horsfleldl H|HH|
Thursday evening of this week.
A good attendance is requested.
,	.	. . The Equity learns that last	„ J J H
The arrival of peace has created week while here Mr. Geo. H. Me- Whelen, of Fortage du Port, who
new conditions in the export of Dowell, of Ottawa, disposed of the died at Renfrew hospital on Sun meat and produce and some un Foundry property on Alain Street day, arrived here on Monday even certainty in the minds of Canadian to Mr. John tiT Armstrong	ing and were conveyed to the
farmers as to future markets. In-	Armstrong.	home of Ii. Hamilton from whence
formation in the hands of The The Methodist congregation pur- the funeral took place Tuesday Honourable T. A. Crerar, Minister pose holding their annual Christ-	afternoon to St. Paul’s Church and
of Agriculture, convinces him that mas Entertainment on Christmas	cemetery. The late Mr. Whelen
the export market will continue to night. Watch for further pai- was 77 years of age. absorbât tirm prices, as compared titulars.	wSÊÊÊÊÊÇglÈÉÈim	¦¦¦¦MMiBI
with the pricts for all other agri-	_	_	The Equity is informed of the
cultural products, every pound of From the Regina Leader of re- death of Mr. James Sheppard, of
BBSHf'feiE
Mr. Crerar said : “In view of the ®»ty tor some time, was appointed	He was postmaster at Creemorne	<*pt	y°ur. photograph.	My	»l»ecial	in
great scarcity of cattle and live acting city clerk, when the chief	for a number of years. A more-ex-	ducement js	14	photos to the	dozen	un-
stock of all kinds in Europe, and of. tlle department was taken ill tended notice will appear in oui because of the great demand for with the “flu.	next issue.
HENRY’S
SHORTHAND SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
The Junior H. M. Club of Shawville, will meet at the home of Miss Amy Hodgms on Wednesday evening of this week.
r For Stenographers. For the pant year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 16 every Branch : of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the de
J. H. SHAW
mauds are now doubled
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503


COWLING

W. A. HODGINS
W K.Cowling, H. G. W. Braithwait
D, K. HENRY, President Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Principal
SHAWVILLE
EXPERIENCE
Some good bargains in furs and fur coats at Dover’s Hale, Dec. 11th to 14th.
vs
EXPERIMENT.
Overcoats
Service will be held in the Methodist Chinches of the Clarendon Circuit on Dec. 8th, as follows
Wesley-10.30 a in —The Rev. Mr. Currie, of Kingston, will preach.
Bristol —2.30 p. m.—Memorial service to the late Helen Alexander. Mr. Currie will address the congregation at the close of the service.
Yarm—7 p. in.—Rev. Mr. Currie
We have some extra values
in Heavy Cloth Overcoats, A visit to Clothing Department will repay you.
our
Mitts and Gloves
H. S. Cooke, Pastor
A FEW REAL BARGAINS 1 .small Upright Piano, $75.00 1 Doherty Organ — tone and bellows perfect, $2.1.00
1 Bell Piano-good tone. $150.00 1 Brahtolo Mahogany Cabinet—lovely tone, $90. Q0
Also new Pianos and Phonographs at right prices.
Geo. W. Pinole, Piano Tuner,
40 Louisa St., Ottawa.
Dover’s Parting Sale is bound tc be a hummer. Don’t fail to attend Dor. 11th to 14th.
A complete stock of Fine and
Work Gloves and Mitts to choose from—in buckskin, horsehide and mule pull-over mitts. We have Wright’s famous quality—non better manufactured.
Oil
Deaths
The Future of the Live Stock Industry
The remains of the late Peter
PULLETS FOR SALE-A nuifiber of good Plymouth Rock Pullets for sale. Apply to Rev. W. B. McCallum, The Manse. Shawville.
FOR SALE—A quantity of g Apply to Wm, A. Hodgins, R. Shawville
ood onions R. No. 3,
Heavy Gaps
FOR SALE—A choice litter of young pigs. Apply toJaa. Ballantyne, Elmside.
For men and boys, with or
without fur-lined bands—200 to choose from priced from 75c. to $2.00 each.
til Jan. 1.41. Have yours made today.
H. Imison, Artist
live stock and live stock products of all kinds sure to continue for
Harold T. Armstrong, who sever-
raSSh	i ÏSEKæKS
Which
ent of Thorne and will be well I resulted after an attack of influenza.
The deceased was 82 years of
Death of Mr. John Hodgins Formerly of Thorne
re. Mulvihill Epidemic 4T ictim
Our values in the following
Lines are|the best on the market :
Sweaters Mackinaws Gum Rubbers,
Heavy Tweed Pants, Long Socks, etc
r
Oil Tan Moccasins Moose Moccasins
I,	j.	i	„	.	.	I Alien»at Vancouver, whither he	influenza. Mr. Hodgins who was	Providence Hospital in this pit
ptove men nuns	nn<i J*01* yy	went to visit his wife, who was ill	82 years of age, was a former re-	yesterday from pneumonia ¦
???/[.ertre m the from the disease.	aident of Thorne and will be well I resulted after an attack ¦
A C°M‘NG EvENT-TOe ladies of IhUUhStet! tor\he was aSwho	-................... ,......
ot. Paul s Church timid are matur-	took a keen interest in the welfare	age, was born in Quebec and came
ing preparations these days for	of jliH country. About twelve	#	#	,_________, ..... ...
their annual sale ot needlework	years ago he took up a homestead	ago. She had been a patient in
and homemade cooking, which is	near Vermillion anu although then	the hospital for only two weeks,
IV fId on Saturtilaj afternoon,	an old man he took out a car load	coming in from Kadville for hospi-
the 21st of this month. A variety	Qf stock and mac hinery and did	tal treatment.
ol useful articles, will be offered to Ris homestead duties him-elf _	In addition to h«K himlmmi «lu*
public whose esteemed pat#on-1 18 respectfully solicited. Keei
I
selection of the sire
)
Heavy Top Shirts

Spanish Influenza
to this province only two years


Mortality statistics when com-« piled for the Dominion of Canada will show w-

A heavy death rate, caused by <u usef ul articles, will be offered to his homestead duties himself.	In addition to her husband, she ...
Influenza or its effects.	t*ie public whose esteemed pation- Mr. Hodgins leaves to mourn his is survived by ttve small children, i II
Nov. 24.—Cable received from 18 lespectfully aolli ited. Keep loss bis wife, five daughters and her parents. Mr. and Mrs. John1
' u^-airïïîs	a	sx
time. Medical men say it	will	®t Mrr R. W.	RaUihs front room,	Win. Connelly, of Vermillion ; Mrs.	J. M. Murdock, of this city, and
sweep this continent again during	opposite U. I.	Hodgins ( o s.	Sylvester	Richards of	Edinono,	five brothers, Vernon, Allen and
winter" *	^	----------- H. C.; Mr». Robt, Kenny ot Wain- Sergt. Harry, Ma M., the latter just
¥||	¦	f Adolf Gohr, the young German %% right, Alberta ; Mrs. Fred returned from France, all of whom
.	,	4	, .	who shot a	countryman named	Schwartz,	of Thorne ;	Alex of	are at home; William, now in
In your hearts do you feel	you	John Bohn,	in September, near	Shawville	and Hiram	of Ver-1	France, and Hen at Minoki. Ont.
carry sufficient protection for <;0klen Lake, was amn It ted of th<- million	I I	M	H ¦¦ I
th(>se depending upon you r	charge of murder at Pembroke as-	He had she grandsons who en-	j Nally, was killed in action abouta
H. U. Anderson,	sizes on Friday la«t On his ac	listed, three ot whom paid the	month ago.
Agent, «imw ville.	quittai Gohr was at once rearrested	supreme sacrifice, namely : Alex	The ••eraaina will	be shipped to
I Be well R°lt£RTS’	on the charge of being a military	Hoes, Ivan Connelly and Loren	Martiodale, Out.,	by Broadfoot
Diet, mgr, deserter, and taken to Ottawa. i Hodgins,	J Brothers for interment there.
W. A. HODGINS
Men of Shawville and district
Another brother, Sergt John Me
Canadian Food Board License Number 8 3551
>
###PAGE###2###

Make a little meat go a long way.
Economy !
• <
X
1
w
Pn

j
^	^ W w ^ m
am
a-
Even n small qdantity of meat goes far and becomes most
nourishing and satisfying, if
combined with BOVRIL.
Canada Food Board, Licence No. 13-441,


The Prexrut Day Sugar Howl. ; to conserve. They arc using glucow
clmyTJJplJJlronT7hefEast	Their toffee.
Indies. The West Italie*, from whkh anfl ^mltei.
a	a:
p:e as last year. If we put alilps ; su*er; the problem wiH end. It -	j,finitely the roost effective
into the sugar tra*tc, and if we con- 8 m*tu‘r <>f °>’a ?"	mean* of llglrting these insects,
tinuc to use that k-accnd Kivediess	~ v .	The bedbug experiments were made
spoonful of sugar in tea and coffee	c	*	in two ways. One might bo deacrib-
we shall have to, it will lengthen ;	1 he school lunch Vox prexmti' an e,i Afl a laboratory tîst of various initie time needed to bring our boys	evtiyday problem to the huay mother	wotieideS| tWt>ltty tugs being placed
__1 Therefore, aave sugar. Uee	ol several growing children. . no	^ ^adi of a number of glass jars
strictly no more than 2 pounds for	mu5lt «elect the neoeaeory	*n	(with paper scraps or excelsior to af-	.	.	^
each person in the family in a	sufficient quantities to meet the needs	ford opportunity for hkidng), and though now much higher in	price than
month	> ot* the growing child ; she muet pro- duttpd or 5prayed with different pow- in peace-times) is declared by the ev
Singar is the best of the "quick ' vide variety in choice from day to ^ and flulds.	perte to be decidedly superior,
energy" foods to stimulate Wood and day and pack the food carefully ma The 0ther was conducted on a prac-brain of soldiers in the grim cam- «stable receptacle so that U may -	by spraying or dusting
paign. They mu^t get it Manu- P< r^-ct condition when sarxlsi. rcoma that were badly infested with
STShS? SuiTbyT fW	WwlLZ^fcr^iLT 11,e %r	M1Srexperts tWed out dozen, of
^^^01 pie will	talk	if	1,	#	young	widow,	Boai\l in the uee of euger. end they,	authorized eulistttutei wre barley	Uling, {(rf (he parpoSe end they
Some of the neighbors at old Mrs.	tto	keep	houTO	for	)ou,	an	un-	arQ now hieing substitut-e» in large	*]our, oat flour, rye flour end torn	yound the	anJ perfect remedy.
gwBEMpe
*	V.U..	... _f” ‘ 'hort.v,sU- . P®*"» ln ‘h= Parley flour in N*ce of wheat flour ^ f fabric ,p^iaty attractive to
-	EamSSS	£F<'™--
I K	over before declining it	__Vm	treated.
"If you have your mind made up	The moths, having an aversion to
me to stay and kéep ho> e for you," *>me advantages.	| Bloomfield for some cattle to-morrowj the housewife has to contend are the made of naphthaline) were put with
paid Jessie impatiently; "I must go	you’d like to keep the children af1<! . ^ raS^ as	‘ottlo things bed! ug and the clpthes-moth/ Against ^ flannel, all of the moths died, and
ÎS	-id	1& TbSU:—«' »*u” —- ”•
so absorbed in his business affairs "onn- \ou could go over every	eternal vigilance is the price of
that he paid little heed to anything Sunday and stay with them if you	CHAPTER II.	security,
else, though he was always kind and w“ — cd to. I don’t mind staying,	¦ g
patient with his mother; and now a-one a day now and then. I like worn out by hard work she was vex- P€nce an,I <iuiet and I’m away a good
deal, so it won’t matter.


"35?
14
The next step must When the house-
Is not only the most economical on account of Its great strength but you have the refreshing and delicious qualities as well.	B4M
Ask your Grocer.
The conclusion drawn is that thr proper find really effect ve remedy for clothes-moths » naphthaline, whether in tha form of tlsJcca or moth-halts. Heueawivee have been accustomed to lament the ri*e in the price of camphor, but napWWine (« relatively cheap coal-tar product,
In Scaled Metal Packets.


home.
A Business Bride
FIth And Potato Pie.
By Hilda Richmond
X
Alas 'Mv r**
0.
CHAPTER I.
(
o
o
SfNSH pie#

Cove»
i
ftheer wearinose.
en until Oamleh with p.^'-siay an.J
* *r
G
To housewives the
WHEN IN DOUBT
Inside
Concerning the value of any Stocke or Sharee In your pose sion, write us and we will give you the fullest Information available without charge.
Don’t run away with the Idea that because a stock la Inactive It Is without value.
Our up to date Information may save you needless worry aiid lose through premature sale.
"Give us your confidence and we will merit yours."
the funeral. i nave my	---- ”   — —*— »
packed and the undertaker can carry	#he had spent en uncomfort-
me to the station for the five-thirty train. I thank you for your kindneaa
to me and I hope you will find some- Wa€rc to look for work, body to look after your house for wafit to hire a woman with two chi I---»*	dren are not so plentiful as might be
supposed—* ho had found that out
"I have my
you.

H. M. CONNOLLY & CO.
were found.
Various insecticides were put with
,	__	.	,	_	. moth-infested flannel in trunks. Re-
At supper that night Jessie tried Hence the importance of expen- Rulta djffemi; but wt naphthaline to realize that die had just been mar- merits which experts have recently ried. She looked across at John eat- been making, with a view to ascen-ing heartily the good ham and ! she had prepared, for a hot, hearty,
15 undisturbed meal tasted good to him and, manlike, he enjoyed the nourishing food. They very smell of the food seemed to sicken her and she ate next to nothing, but John never noticed that. He knew there was plenty on the table and if she was hungry the would probably eat, so he finished his meal in silence and betook himself to his interrupted business affairs until late in the evening.
"I'll etc y long enough to pay all the debts ami get the children well started in school," was Jessie’s final conclusion, as she turned the matter over and over. "If I get the butter and egg money, which I feel I have earned this long time, I can soon pay up everything. It’s very
evident that he doesn’t want the children here, and there are advantages m leaving them with Aunt Mary, so I’ll 'dig iiV ns ha id as possible. Grace is nine now and Bobby «seven, so it, won’t be long. Dear me, in 'eight moro years Grace will be as old as I j was when I married SamL If moth-1 er had lived things might have been different—but there! nothing is gained by fretting over tha past. I nave a chance to pay all debts and to give the children a nice start in Life, then !
I can be free. I( I had been taught to do any one thing well I might not have to be grateful for John’s matter-of-fact proposal to-day. and a mar-hiage before Squire Longa baugh—i but, it won’t last forever. I’m only a little past thirty ami—” and then her thoughts trailed off into restless slumber.
It was midwinter whe* they were married, and tha rest of the cold weather slipped away as if by magic.
She was alone a gmt deal in the old lu>use, but that suited her exactly. [
Having few housekeeping cares the • was free to care for the chickens and to do tiie muefi needed sewing for her children, to no (hi roll in,
one; she even invested a little of her wage» in some new clo-thes, and began to venture back into the world from which she had so long been shut out.
Members Montreal Stock Exchange
105-106 Transportation Building
MONTREAL, • QUE.
moth-bâtie were tried, all of the moths promptly died.
&
or
ed at his lack of common sense.	I ¦ l_JK.
"Thait's no reason,” said John. "I Grace nnd Bobby ever bothered me,” don’t think it's fair to go away and he added, “but the school here leave mo without a little notice.” , tar aw?y and there's no L "Well, then, I’m going because peo- school nor any thing for them.
at that
Sunday-
ky
Just


mm
X
4HHBHb

S
Ingtüm’s Müktâed Créant
i

¦I

m
)
i
>•
si?
Two Size*—50c and $1
Does the dally hoeaework, the rubbing, the scrubbing. the washing, redden and roughen your hands until you despair of their appearance? Then uee Ingram*»
Milkweed Cre am. It i s a ao fte n I ng. cleansing cream with gently curative etTcct. It gives the hands softness and whltene It soothes the skin tissue. Hang nails disappear. Callouses are banished. It gives you hands to be proud ot The very nest time your nose or forehead get# shiny Just put on a light touch ot Ingram ‘aVelvecfa Souveraine Pace Powder (50e>. It blende perfectly with the campleviott and conceals little blemishes. It le dainty and fragrant. There le a complete line of Ingram’s toilet products. Including Zodenta for the teeth (25c.), at your druggist’s.

V-—



< ••


?
/'Zkere\ is Beauty in EVery * * v Jar A

AND
es.

CORN SYRUP
m


To help the sugar shortage use Crown Brand or Lily White Corn Syrup—delicious, wholesome and economical alternatives for Sugar In Cooking and Preserving. Com Is grown in North America, while sugar must be brought across the sens in ships which are vitally needed for war purposes. Use all the syrup made from com you wish, while the Food Board is urging stringent economy lu the use of sugar.
Delicious for Making Desserts and on Cereals.
The Canada Food Board has issued a book of reel pee and suggestions for using Corn Syrup. Write to the Food Board in Ottawa, for a copy and In the meantime ro to your grocer for a tin of LILY WHITE Corn Syrup, or CROWN BRAND Corn Byrtfp and try some of the following recipes;

1
II
ft
1
Bach time you buy apackage oflngram’e Toilet aide or Perfume your druggist will give you, with ou t charge, a large portrait of a world-famed motion j picture aetreee. Bach time you i get a dlffereu t portrait eo you innhc a collection for your bocae.	^
Ask your druggist.
4
QmsMilW
^couhck F l«o*AMCa
1C*"
iia
AFPLJ3 SAUCE

8 apples	1 Inch stick cinnamon
« tablespoons Lily White Corn Syrup	1| cup water.
Wash. pare. core, and slice apples. Fut Into sauce pun with water, syrup and cinnamon. Cook over & medium flame until soft.
A\\
rk

CABS WITHOUT BUG
1	cup shortening	JI tablespoon baking powder
2	cups Lily white Corn Syrup	I teaspoon salt
t eggs	1 cup milk	1 cups flour*
t Cream the shortening, add the syrup and the egg. and mix well. Add the milk. Sift the baking powder and flour together; add It slowly to the mixture and beat. Bake In a moderate oven, as a loaf or layer cake or small drop cakes. One-fourth cup of raisins added to the batter give more flavor and sweetness.
y
/T,!,
Z/Z
m

Renew it at Parker's
r
A
1 lemon
1 grapefruit	1 orange
8 cup» water	10 cupa Lily White Corn Syrup
Cut fruit In thin allcea and allow to stand In water for 16 hour» or overnight. Separate seeds and soak them in part of the water. Cook fruit until tender and add Corn Syrup. Continue coolring —	until Jelly le obtained. «
For herself ehe did next but ns the eg*# began to debts were paid one by
%
The clothes you were so proud of when new—can be made to appear new again. Fabrics that are dirty, shabby or spotted will be restored to their former beauty by sending them to Parker’s.

SAVE SUGAR

“I'm going over to GrantviUe Una morning and I'll take you in the automobile. said John one Sunday morning. Usually he hitched up old Fanny for her and «he left early, as Fanny was none too swift and the distance was long, night. Ill tag about five.”
Me was amazed out of die house in a preit and arty lie h hat; for he seen her before* except bie-t and dullest of garments. Even hU slow perception took in the fact that she looked t?) year#
¦¦id nothing, except commonplace things about the weather and the crops, to which she replied ifi the briefest possible manner.
(To be continued.)
You know doctor# order Corn Starch me a diet for Invalids. We convert the corn etarch Into its "sugar" form, a most digestible form of sweetening.
2,bs ~	Mr
pWARDSBl^
CLEANING and DYEING
alb,.


Is properly done at Parker's

TJ not be back till call for you this even-
/tiF,
Send articles by post or express. We pay carriage one way and our charges are reasonable. Drop ua a carxl for our booklet on household helps that save money.
1
ove her coining
new eu

to
on
toS
U
D

VI
never
in the ehab-
PARKER’S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
RD3BURG
Bold by Grocers everywhere In 2, 6, 10 and 20 lb. tine.
The CinzrUa Starch Co., Limited, Montreal
r
Hirer.
meet
and Dyers,
He
Cl
-

i OH*""

791 Yonge St
J
flltl 1 I
II


###PAGE###3###
La I>yle, the old town of beautiful Î chime», the “Oeuvre Suisse" ia also rebuilding a historical patrimonial
îrStoTjS :«	- -	— tttL ^i
s aiV ="« Jararas* a t astt r z % ËEHH I % rS F •'* s r •
members of the animal farm family.1 cxorabl0 war had wrought in Belgium with the financial aid of the ‘Oeuvr- ' i n ITÔi, 11 m Tho 1	',V hatL \ *^ni,lS Ul#rc L
Acvalents of all aorta happen on every ghe Wua deeply moved. The account 8uis«.” The plan, for this houae, a	, i!,T 11?	*“reh1 b“IW,H ¦ R
farm, and it ia well worth while for the Inhabitant, gave, flying from their baker’s eatabliahm.nt, have been care	L%%tdon	tïrw,*hout	Po	land ua	they testify
skill along tho ine of making the|Bn<J their wasted land, deprived of architect, with the assistance of an	‘ ( f	this church has	T '	'op* ?	.
eowH, sheep and horses well; for we shelter for their numerous families, agricultural expert of the State, and . in the world a* Vuii/c proof1	*!?. f	1 M nt> .a.n£
may be sure that some time and *ome ttrougefj a deep feeling of commieera- pubmitted for approval to the Provin-1 f . . ..	. .	j »	m. rol,1‘ ry' rea.ize ilia bond unto
where there will bo u call for help in tion and fraternal sympathy among eial Consulting Committee, delegated,	kingdom is -nirtiial
this direction. >	the Swiee.	by the Union of Belgian Towns and j ïx,rd kn(>wcth ^ that arc His” (If
Rut the farm gives the young folk?	A unanimous and irresistible ira-	Communes. Other farms are being	Tirn ,Klj) S(, we CAMnot . ace
a thance to lay the foundation &tones	pulse induced them, aw far hs lay	j	built at Humbcek, Buokcn, Cspelle-	ttl/'vounduriv But we knew that
for other profession* thin medicine,	within their power, to shore the cruel	au-Bois and Heckendover.	,Ie rails upon 'u* to confess Him Le-	Third. ThatT G™ work may N
A hoy I know had a great love for the sufferings of these unfortunates and Appeal to S»i»s Generosity. (or<k men (S|. Matt, x., 82), and those wisely and well done we must unit* odd things that aie	to he picked	up	to offer to them the necessary funds Tiu. <;ommiitce of the “Oeuvre	:	who do so confess Him arc gathered	\n the	doing ot it.	When	I join the
on most farms.	He gathere	for the reconatruction of their ruine	guj8„C|» just before tho end of the.	into a visible body called the Chu ch.	church	I accept my there in	the great
, gether bushels o.	strange i	*	homes. Tho whole of Belgium s i	w issued the following appeal to	Thi* Church has many divisions, lmt i utk of bringing the	wor! J	to Christ,
deer horns, birds'	peits and	weh	animated by the ardent desire to build j the Svviss pcople:	it i* really one body. To join it is	United	work i, far	more	mJeefu!
things. I remembiA P»Uk *	>	up the*r homes anew and to restore	“Thousands of families live in far	therefore in accord with the wi I of	than work carried on by tin in
rigaag stick he cut from a i -	- their country to its former prosperity, tQ(J amaj| temporary shelter*, which Christ, and muai result in blessed- dividual. In buuine g companies are
ing in the wood*. It was qu	and any ouUide financial aid could llîive bt.C(>mc unhealthy, owing to the ness and strength. For the Church formed and incorporated that the
letter Z. Upstairs in t iv	not have come more opportunrdy. /	i	of this interminable war. Plac-	is the fold of Christ's sheep, and He	busing* may better suecee i. To-
Ixmac the lad had what we culled	committee composed of .Swiss men of	|	j . their trUflt în the future, they	stands at Üie door to welcome wi.o; day similar 'trades or, uniting” in
“stoneariuna, and to this He brought science, arts nn< politics wua formed wait wilh an cndurancc worthy of ad- enter in.	j large bodies because they know their
the choice and i-arc ntones and other in	Berne under the name of Oeuvre	Jni|ation f6v tKe ^neroua and dis-	Because Christ hi* csUbliahcd. Ilia'interest* are	common.	So in (iod’n
things he found whi e out nround tno Suisse in Belgium Committee, m a.d inlereftted hclp of the nation* and , Kingdom and asks you to come in. | work, with thv wisdom whic h thi pUcc. To-day the l^nof»	of the victim* of tho war, which mdivjdualrt gpared from direct suf-1 If you refuse you are disobedient to Holy Spirit give , we unite the in
man, is serving in the Medical H- raised the first funds.	fering through the war. The mem- His call, and no one,can become good dividual Christian* in a body, or.
over in 1-rance.	A Benevolent Enterprise.	hors of the Executive Committee of	who is disobedienteto Christ, “But	rather, Christ, so united	them, that
Tl;is fame boy was fine In taking	ju August, 1916, a delegation of	the “Oeuvre Suisse'* have been able	there are no many differing w^ys of	the work of establishing the king
çiytures. He had a real good camera,	orcjijtects was sent to Belgium with	to convince themselves, on a recent	joining the church. One branch a&ks	dom may be pushed forward
not costly, but one that would do goex	mission of making the work for journey to Belgium, that the first re- tins and another branch a«ks tiiat.” peter and John had each gone on hi?
work; and he got pictures of all the	victims of the war widely known suits obtained realize all their hope*, No matter what the form of initiation own way the apostolic vror.: wouM
interesting places about the farm. and 0f putting at their disposal the |,ut that n considerable effort is more may be; the joining is the real thing, have languished. But we find them Many of his little groups of cattie ana 8ums 0ffered by some of their gener- than ever necessary. New financial no matter what form is ysed. A con- iilf mt>er* of a large body called the î sheep were mounted and ?ome of oafl compatriots. The Political Office resources must be sent to sustain the fession of Christ a* Saviour is im- cliuie-h (Acts vi., 2; Art4 xv.). o>n-I mindations Laid by Boy* and Girl». | them framed. Ho might, have m*vle 0f Switzerland, section for foreign inexhaustible confidence of this acr- plied !.. all the forms, and that is the pulling together a^ to the work of the On our farm we had a couple of tt	success aa a photographer.	instructed its Consul General orely tried nation in order to help it real thing.	Master. To join thei church i.i to
steers that we were very choice of. I	HfllJ 110 training wnatexcr ^ Brussels to introduce the mission rebuild its ruined hearth* without	On he Lord'*. Hide	enter into thl* common service and is
because ti*y were to be the team accept what he got from tho ^juc- {q	the compctcnt authorities in Bel-	losing faith and perseverance.	First, When we join the church we 1	the part • of	every man	who would
upon Wtdch we depended to do the Uo? that <*ayie with	* gium. From that moment the “The time for activity on a larger takl. tt Htand on the Lord’s side. 1 he i «>*>“* dirking and se fixhne*.;.
work. Up to that time wo never|and ,tha$	him ^ : , , ' 4,Ocuvre Suisse" was able to set to scale has therefore conic. It is not world ^ divided into two chrases
had a horse of our own, so that it was trariier, experience-, in.	work.	only a feeling of pity which should ^oec who are for Christ and tho*e think, the church f lands for that
with a great deal	of	carv that wo	xx'a* 1,081 ot aIIe	This benevolent undertaking has	induce us to help these victims, but	w]10 are against Him; there is no ;	nearness to Christ which He long*
watched the growth of our	little	One more farmer lad I*havo ^	shown tangible results. At Ivouvain	a far higher sentiment—that of al-	neutî*l position. He who is not for ;	for us and which we need. The Bible
steers.	mind put in bis spare time on «°mej	three houses have been built, one of	truism, which inspires these deeds of 1	Christ is against Him. It is not for 5	culls the church Christ's Body (Co!, i.
It was a matter	of	untold	grief,	riips in penmanship. While other#	whkh is situated on the old market	Swiss democracy and makes us feel	ns to judge others and ray what will	24), and in the Revelation the church
then, that one of the steers bhould boys were busy having a "4 urne, pince, facing the entrance of the it our bounden duty to intervene with become of those who deny Christ; but _ is called “The Bride, the Lamh’b Wife’-somehow brertk one of its hiud legs,	be	was practicing with a pen. I do	University Library, where it will help	all the means at our disposal.	wc	f.m ^nd muet	judge ourselves and	(Rev. xxi, 9; eho St. John iti. 29).
Away went our hope* for the coming	not	know as I ever saw a better pen-	^ reconstitutc^the secular frame of	“We therefore moke an	urgent	ap-. ]cnow that only	a.* we acknowledge	We come near to God in ouv #kily
team. For we were *urc that tho leg man whose boyhood homo was on the t|ie university and college buildings, peal to tho generosity of our com-1 jtoUs Christ as our Redeemer can | life if we truly love Him, and we arc never could be made sound like	the*	farm. The day yaroe	when he	was	At Lierre five houses have been re-	patriots and of the foreigners in	be naved
other. However, hei-e was	the	given	a fine position	in ono or	me	huilt in the purest local style of this	Switzerland, as well fls abroad, feeling
i*hniKe ray brother had been lookin'?	great	government offices #V- the	na-	venerable Flemish city. At Malines,	certain that they will hasten to pup-	this matter	of	ChristianiLÜHPl
for. “Why couidn't we set the	leg	tional	capitol, and hi*	work with	tne	nl the corner of the two streets des	port us in the heavy task we have	shows that wc	have	a	knowledge	of	ed together in His name, we can know
and see if it will not grow together	P*'	was %]woys done jus: so noauy	pjc.rres 0t do l’fituve, a house with	undertaken.	oar	need and of	tho loving God who | that He is in our midst; when wc ft. l
again?" Tills wns Henry’s way of	and	accurately. To-day he is getting	^he sign board “fn de Pekton" has	“To reconstruct a hou?e,	inspired	by	hM	prepared a	way in which that	the tic* th.vt i>irwi our heart* in His
meeting a bad situation nr»d he and Ü to be an old man, but ho can outdo ^on reconstructed with wooden gable, the social sentiment which directs our Iieod can be met. It show* our 1 x>- ) love ; when wc sing and pray to tho
Wc got some heavy j many a boy of th* present day Wlteh remarkable specimen of the last effort, is to restore a family. To re- jn righteousness. It proclaims King whose hands ere outstretched splints, tKKiml them to the broken f hifl pen.	buildings of this kind in Belgium. At construct a house according to the 01Jr faith in brotherhood, for we are to welcome ;t*. Thy knowledge that
limb and did our best to keep the Many who have in similar ways - — '	•  ------— -------------------------' — ------- -  .......... all one family in Christ. It prove* vve are members of His housahoM,
steer quiet until the fracture knit. | given their spare hours to the ac-	WHO PUT THE “CAN" IN CANADA?	that wc are ready to battle for God's even though we arc alone and far rc-
Tltis it never did do very well. Î, cmiring of information along these	„	cause and to aeek to bring the world j moved from friends, make» us sur?
oppose the steer did not stay very Mines have not left tKe farm, but ate	Who put the CAN in CANADA f	from sin to goodness	¦	¦¦¦¦¦
still; but we had quite a good deal, to-day the owner* of fine places; and	„	, ,5e” .?* 8turay rac€* -	else it brings us into closer relation- have confessed Him gives us courage
of fervice from our little team after they are the best and most success-	«Jibe ^iderruioj	yhip with God, so that He is not a to go forward, no matter hpv; hard
*H, ami the best of it w&a that Ujful farmeiM we have. Great things	iney Mowed, m m&toiy, a pUco;	strange being vaguely feared, but a the journey or how fierce the battît,
proved to be the first'operation my aie in store for every boy and girl	-waako a home was n.l thujr plan,	personal Friend with whom we have —Rev. F. W. Tomkins.
V.rotlxr ever performed. He did a| who take, ere of *e odd moment»	„ .Nct	Ha name rn^ht be;	I
Krcat deal of audi work afterwafd, for that romo on day» that are rainy,	lheir motto a.wa>s was. WE CAN -
he studied to be a physician and sur- and between spells on the farm.—E. L.	Tlioy never bad to add the “T .
geon, and a good one he was, too
SWITZERLAND’S WONDERFUL WORK
THE WEEKLY SERMON
.%)/' t/tc
S
B

ES
FOR THE BENEFIT OF RUINED .	BELGIUM .
I
if
'/
Tlie Mysterious Guests.
f had three friend*. I asked one day That they would dine with mo;
Hut when they came I found that they Were six, instead of three.
My good wife whispered, uWe, at best, -
Hut five can hope to dine.
Send one away." f did. The rest Remaining numbered nine.
*T too wiH go," the second cried.
Ho left at once, and then,
Although to count bu^eight I tried, There were remaining ten. x
"Go caH them back!” my wife implored ;
"I fear tho third may go,
And leave behind to share our board Perhaps a score or go.’*-
/ The second one then istraight return
ed;
As might ha/b been expected.
He, with the ten, we quickfy learned, Eleven made.—Dejcrtcd.
We saw the first rburning; he,
With ai! the ro*t, turned round, And there, behold! wsrv my friends three.
Though six they still were found.
(For th-oife of you who yet may'find My riddle too complex,
I'll say tho friend t I had in nrnd Were "8" ami "1" and "X.")
What

3 ttereu
As 1 see these
makes all the Lord** children one and causes to ascend to IT'm unceasing prayer* and praise*.
rhe

Entering a Common Smiee

If
Fourth. Hut above all e!^.
drawn to Him by tie joj nrd «or row a of our experience especialy near to Him when
But wc arc
It id a fine thing to take a stand in
a the*
It
went at it.
Above all of His presence; tho fact Pm wt>
aesthetic»! principles which arc the foundation of our program is to cause a whole country to bo born anew in joy and beauty.”
ALL ROUND THE GLOBE
Vincent
Ik fore Peace Came the War Wu* Literally World-Wide.
Who put the “CAN” in CANADA?
Her soldier cons who showed the way To meet the hearties* enemy
And keep the brutal foe at bay;
Her Volunteers, who did not wait To reckon what the cost »i£ht be;
Roused by the Hunnreh hymn of lutte They hurried, armed, «-cross the eee.
Whb put the “CAN” in CANADA?
Her school boys in their sturdy ’teens;
They left their books to study war,
Quit peaceful homes fer martial scenes;
1 hey could not rest in downy bod While ruthksa Might, with iron heel,
Made Europe's pieia and hills blood-red—
Slew peaceful folk with Are and steel. "
Who put the “CAN” in CANADA ?
When food was rear ce, munitions short?
Who said, “we'l make the land produce While peerless fighters hold the fort"?
The farmerxand the farmer's son;
The tradesman, though unfit to fight;
The artisan and off ko-man Tiie anvil smote by day and night.
Who put the “CAN” in CANADA?
Who put the 'VIM" in Vkny Ridge?
Who put Uie aero-eye in tight—
'Mid raining shells built many a bridgé?
Who put the “CAN” in Can non bails To hurl at freedom’s enemy?	_
Who fightd tiU Kaherism falhr?
Why, JACK CANUCK and Company.
Who put the “CAN” in CANADA?
When Haig cried oat : Send men—-MORE MEN Who said, “We’re with you, heart and eon*
What we have done we’M do again!"
’Twas youth and manhood, loyal, true.
That sprang to arms and made reply For homeland, kindred, skies of Mue,
We’H do our duty though we die."
Who put jibe “CAN” in CANADA?
Her womanhood-—strong, patient, brave—>
She offered mind and heart and life The lives of friend and foe to save;
Sha died to se'lWfcness and ease	^
, Tliafc she might death km service yield;
She live# within the ration's heart Though kîain upon the battlefield.
But can you “CAN" the l&augh!y Hun?
And can you drive hia legion» back?
Faint hearts have eaH ft can’t be dene,
While traitors try to block yogr track;
Ay, ay, bit wait a few more days;
A few more battle# wo must win,
And Canada will help to b ase The padi to vktVy—sod Berlin
mSiÊ^ÊÊÊBÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊÊM
treatment of pneumonia pneumonia has developed. extreme measures should not be taken except upon the advice of one's physician.
1 A hot foct bath, lasting half an ! h6ur and a drink of hot lemonade—
| or, better still, hut linseed tea (one r.nîf ounce of whne flaxseed to a pint of boiling water, flavored with
Pneutnonm is an Infective process !«"<>"	root) - will of-
due to Bacterial invasion and occurr- ten break the xte o. such «ittac tog wtth greatest frequency during and give the body u chance to ium-
t&# winter and spring months.	mon UP lLs re“x?0!;. ,	.
. The influence of cold, which is that A savoro chill, high temperature.
of shock due to the sudden reduction flrin in ride are warning signa,», of the bodily temperature, produces kVJ the doctor, a lowered resistance and temporarily renders the individual unusually rusreptiMe to tho infecting agencies which are over present.
However, exposure to the elements is not alone to lx* guarded against.
A condition of Impaired vitality, ako producing a lowered resistance to factorial attack, similarly renders one more ooeceptiM* to the disease.
• Pcr«oms in a convalescent state may contract pneumonia following- n degree of exposure to the weather or to direct infection that would net affect a healthy individual • Whooping cough-end m carie#, for example, perhaps mote than any other disease, predispose to broncho-pneumonia
among children.
I Faulty home conditions, overheated room# in winter, overcrowding, too lwavy* bed clothing or wearing aoparri indoors are largely respon-tiWo for the spreading of pneumonia, grip and other infective conditions of tho nose, throat artd lungs. With windows dosed and usually no adequate and constant means of ventilation the air i* stagnant and overheated and the skin and surface cir-vtihition of the blood is rendered oversensitive to the sudden and extreme -hangs# of temperature so common in most temperate regions.
Having thus started with wrong condition*, a slight draught, either ] Helsingfors for a^safer locality
: through intermittent
• ipts at ver n. will often
cause a chill and lower the resistance (Urn for next spring"* planting | |	|	|
no that an acute cold d a.	Every farmer should plan to put)
Fresh air, if the body is not ax up ice this winter. Almost any kind posed to chiti and consequent shock, uf a house will serve for the purpose. • not to be feared. indeed, the The main thing i* pr	rain-
ties of outdoor «	ts ad mgs at the button .	protoc
.ted by many r **# in the t!on all round, and ventilation ribeve Montre
But after
Burn Water Instead of Coal
With the occupation of the Murman Temperature recommended by the c06lit 0f the Arctic Oceon the Allies Ontario Fuel Administration for ! pB(] drown a war-girdle round the working and living room», 64 F. | world. The Central Empires were (64 is the “optimum" temperature, j surrounded in Europe, or, at least, or the degree of heat, at which science , were during the first three and agrees man is at his best).	:	a h&M years of the war. But now
recommended for'i there is a ring-fence of outer defence: stretching from tho Arctic to “Make water warm you instead of Africa, and from America to Japan burning an excessive amount of coal a:i(j the Eastern coasts of Siberia, to do it,” is the advico of the Ontario Fuel Administration in urging the importance of properly moistening the air in the homo.
Dry air at 70 or 72 may feel cooler than moist air nt GO degrees, tho Administration declares. Moist air holds the beat longer and saves coal.
There it# ten per cent, more deaths
Health
Temperature sleeping rooms, 50 F. or less
Avoiding Pneumonia
armies of the Allie a ate to be found in Egypt and Palestine, in the Balkan Peninsula, in Mesopotamia, in the farther East, and now on the obères r,f the frozen Arctic, holding all the exits, and ready, if need be, to make a simultaneous movement to tho great centre.
HHHHIHHilHHHHHHflHP	v.onderful extent li
at ft given temperature if the relative : urmies 0f thc Allied nations had been
humidity H blow 40 per cent, than if |V.ade possible only by the dominance ; it is above 70 per cent.	ef th( British Fleet, by the command
Give the air a drink out of a pan cf tke aeu which Germany has so in toad of out of your skin. Evapora- Ioilg coveted, but which has been the i lion fro# tho skin renders ore sus- Qndisputed yosscssion of Britain since ceptible to colds, catarrh and other Trafalgtr, a possession ratified by the diseases erf the respiratory organs. fiItat t>attlc of Jutland,, which the inAs much, if not more, attention rcngate vanity of the Kaiser heralded ; should be paid to the humidity n*d- ad a victory for the German fleet!
. ing as to thc thermometer reading. yat D0 nation could have used Its A hygrometer, ae well as a thermo-1 ^dominant power more unselfishly ; meter, should be in the home.	f<#r lhe common good of mankind than
I	Department urges every house- Rritain hûj| dono. Her ports and
holder to follow these uinple rule. coalin«-station3 have l>«en open to all for humidifying air In the home* :	lb world aBU her ship, have cleared
When the heu-e Is heated by stove,	eveil in the remotest Hast,
have « pan of water or a boiling of pirate, and ,M„robb,r» of all
furnace is always well filial. Place open pans of water near the register.*.
In cases where steam or hot water systems are employed, provide humidifiers, or pans of water, for every radiator.
The average room may inquire a quart of water per day water frequently.
40,000 GREEKS PERISIl
Old Men. Women and Children Starved in Macedonia.
The Greek Parliamentary Commission reports that 40,000 old men, women and children Have died in Eastern Macedonia from famine and that also 100,000 were deported, of whom, less than 12,000 arc expected to return, am all thc rest are thought to have succumbed to Bulgarian torture.
The persecution of the Greeks bc-before Greece entered thc war. The Bulgarians conscripted children, sending them into Bulgaria.

w
gan
A Composer’* Escape
Sibelius, the Finish composer, whose charming orchestral worlcm are so popular, was placed on the Red Guards’ “black-Ust” during the recent upheaval at Finland ibid condemned to be shot At the time he was staying at his house near Helsingfors, and- Red Guards were stationed outside to prevent his escape. Fortunately, the terrorists’ “War Minister” happened to be an amateur cornet player, and when an appeal was made to him by friends of the composer he reprieved him as a brother artist and allowed him to leave
nation#
The Pine.
The elm lets fall it# leave# before the froet.
The very oak grows shivering and
I	sere,
Change The tree# arc barren when the tum-
mtr’a lodt,
Bui one tree keep# it# goodness all
a
Tourist: “To what Ho you attribute your gr^t kg* ? u. k -habkJMrt : ‘T can’t aay yet, sir. There Green pine, nnch# nging as the days u • several o' them pa t medu-iow companies a-dickorin’ with me."
“This chicken seem# to be all dork I
“Ye#. HHHH|
food at our house
It ia not too soon to order seed
go by.
Thou art thyself beneath whatever
nky
We’re co.uervtng, >|r shelter from all wind#, in/ m.i
strung pine.
We raised that *Y\% spring, tie summer, still while ^68	fîieu art mine.
away, you know
It L. Werry
dtitketi on coffse-grouwie.**
###PAGE###4###
Clearing Sale
Winter Millinery
FOR SALE or TO RENT
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 5. 1918.

Dame Catherine McGregor offer» for Male or to rent her property, consisting if two Acres of land* »itimted on the Main lined from Campbell» Bay to Otter Lake. One good dwelling house and stabling for Iti span of horses
This property was formerly used as a stopping place for the general public. For further |*artieu!ors pi Damk Vathebink MrUimtoR,
Thorn by 1‘, <>.* Q

JP*
I
I h
â
fj Pleasing §
Èl flavor. 1
1 Scientifically | prepared'
President Wilson is going to France to take jiart in the Peace Conference which is to open in a few days, cent despatch says that while in Europe, the German authorities will invite him to make a tour of their country invitation may not be accepted, as the President plans to tie back home again in six weeks.
All Trimmed and Untrimmed Hats in stock,
-26 p. c. off
Odd colors of Ribbon, also Remnants of Silk and
at half price
All other Ribbons, Silks, Velvets, Mounts, Feathers, Flowers, etc
MRS. D S KELLEY
A TV
§
IN
II

t«)
The I |
i
Velvet,

OCR CARCAIiTlEH
Che win
S
The Price That the Dominion Paid
for Freedom.
Up to the end of June the total casualties suffered by the Canadians since the beginning of the war are 159,084, made up as follows:
Killed in action .
Died of wounds .
Wounded ........
Died of disease .
Prisoners of war Presumed dead .
Missing.........
25 p. c. off
E
Eleven hundred Jews were massacred in Lemberg during recent riots in that Hundreds who barricaded thenv
t
c
SHAW VILLE.
city
seh in a 83m pie* were homed to
death or shot if they tried to escape. Thesavagrv of the Russian seems to have developed very rapidly since the of Bolshevism began, and the lot
2
Is the worlds best chew.
1 Tt is the most economical chew" a
I

27,040
9.280
118.007
2,257
.2,774
4.342
Pontiac Wool Growers' and Sheep Breeders’ Co-operative Agricultural
Association, Limited
j
i
immiimiiiiuiiminiiiiniiiiiiimiuMiiiiiiimumummimiBiiiiimminmiumt
reign
>t the Jew who never had much peace
in Russia is being made intolerable
result of crime license, which is
• » • • •
• •see
384
as
Cheap House For Sale
at Portage du Fort.
OTTER LAKE
one
now rampant throughout the country.
159.084
Total
By periods the casualties are (In approximate flguics) as follows:
From beginning of war to
Calendar year 1916 stable | Calendar year 1917 To end of July, 1918
The casualties suffered in the principal battles in which the Canadian Corps took part are:
APPLES
Mr. Matt ice Kluke, who went to the hospital, Ottawa, to undergo an opera I
tion, is slowly recovering.	I Comfortable dwelling hoase containing
¦Rev. Martineau lost nuit»* a few of 4 bedrooms upatalrs and oae downstair*.
' Good dining room, large kitchen, eoo 1 cellars, also cistern. Large parlor, nails un stairs and down stairs, (iood and carriage house. Applv to
. BRfNKWORTH.
71 College Are., Ottawa
The western grain-growers at a large gathering in Winnipeg last week framed and subscribed to a policy for the government of Canada, which is rather anspicuously at variance with that under which the country is now Wing managed. Still they have not gone the length of forming a separate party
plan is to elect representatives solidly pledged to carry out their aims, and enforce their views upon Parliament, when the opportune moment arrives. The working out of this no-party plan will no doubt be interesting to say the least.
We expect our car of Apples to arrive this All good varieties—both Fall and Winter.
14.500
66.500 74.600 16.000
his members with the influenza, among them being :—Mrs. Felix Boudoin, Mrs. Alixis St. Aubin, Mrs. Chas. Nor lock, Mr. and Mrs. F. Cotie and infant.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Moon'and family who have been very sick with la grippe, we are glad to say are all able to be around once more.
Mr. Adam Caniveau has moved to Arnprior for the Winter months.
Miss Emma (jueale has gone to Ottawa, to take van» her sister, Mrs. Thos. P. Bennett, who is the possessor of a
week.
Those who have not already booked their order
MRS. CHAS
I 1
should do so at once.
\V. E. N. HODQINS,
MANAGER,
$3r Elevator open every Wednesday until further notice.
Or C. H. IIODGE,
SEC.TREAS.
The

Second battle of Yprea (St. Julien), April, 1915, approximately ................
6,000
VImy Ridge, April. 1917 . .... 13,461 Lens fighting, June. 1917..
Hill 70, August. 1917
Sheriff's Sale.
10.134 . . 10.080 . . 24,530
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given.	^	..........
that the under-mentioned LANDS and | Passfhendaele, Nov., 1917
TENEMENTS have been seized, Snd j The Department does not seem to will Ik? sold at the respective time and have available individually the cas-place mentioned below.	ualties suffered In the principal fights
¦|of 1916, St. EIol (crater fighting of spring), Zillebeke, and Mount Sorrel in June, and the Somme from September 16 until November.
young son.
Mrs. Geo. Murphy, and brother Mr. G. Farrell, have gone to s|>end the weekend in Town.
Miss M. Dwyer, of Ottawa, was the guest of Miss E. Farrell, for a few days last week.
Miss Lurena Wilson, of Campbells
QVERCOATS !
OVERCOATS !
Superior Court
A German Socialist newsier demands that the Kaiser, the Crown Prince and ex chancellor Von Bethmann-HoIV
wig be brought back to Germany to-1 Bay, is spending a few days with her the charge of their being re cousins, the Misses Beulah and Myrtle
sponsible for Germany’s complicity in M^[^ many friend< and nri.
The tribunal delegated to f M and Mrs. B. G. Kill
Province of Quebec j District of Pontiac,
No. 1648. I
DAME ELLEN McCREA, plaintiff; vs. GEORGE McCAULEY, defend-
We have just opened up a number of up-to-date Overcoats which will make those who wear them feel dressed. Why not come in and try them on and see ?
The Teutonic Plotters.
That Teuton conspirators planned, soon after this country’s entrance into the war, to use German reservists to invade Canada and Mexico, is indicated in the seized correspondence of Fr. Frederick August Richard von
..	,	.	. j ,	,	,, Strensch, officials of the U. S. De-
cording to the official plan and book ot , partment of Justice declared recent-
reference of the said township ot Chi- ;y von Strensch when arrested re-
Chester, containing one hundred and cently was described by the officials
seventy two acres, more or less—with as a former protege of Bismarck. He
all and every the members and appur- was also a relative of the German
tenances thereto belonging.	! Emperor
To be sold at the registry office for j The objects of the proposed in-the county of Pontiac, in the village of vaslons, according to the authorities.
the l\\kNl VNMLMli ladjan troops abroad and to join
armed Mexicans for the purpose of making an attack upon the United States.
Federal officials believe that Alexandra Varda, better known as the Countess von Scheele, was the author of letters signed “I,” which were
answer
ant.
That certain piece of land comprising lots No. thirty six and thirty seven, in the third range of the township of Chichester, in the county of Pontiac, ac
namtances oran were
the war
car and pronounce upon this charge I grieved to hear ot the death of their would simplify matters considerably by two daughters—Ida, who died in
-**.**— >***' , pïï.l’SSSÆ4 '• "
But the lien	may DOt| Ml>. , V<1 Desjardins has returned
have the satisfaction of punishing their j home from the hospital, Renfrew, where late War-lord for plunging their country j she has been treated for blood-poison in
her hand.
Mr. Tom Cahill took a drove of cattle away from here on Friday.—Com.
an
FELT HATS
A good range of fashionable Felt Hats in the latest colors and shapes.
into a conflict which has not only cost her millions of lives, but places her face to face with colossal indemnities for the wanton destruction her barbarous troops have caused with his consent and ap-
Brjmu on day of DECEMBER, nineteen hundred
and eighteen, at TEN o’clock in the
forenoon.
MURRAY BROS
Alligator Boat Inventor Dead.
Bll	... . There died recently at Simcoe, Mr.
large-sized crow to pluck with K. RilIf U q West, whose name will live as
and are taking steps to pull off the show , hat of the inventor of the alligator
..	................*likd! sssrr 2S
they will impress u|sm the authorities of Holland the wisdom of handing him
•1
have a very
proval. John Hull & Co
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
Sheriff s office,
Bryson, Qu , 19th November, 1 :? ls-
[First publication, 23rd November, 1918] I found in the belongings of Von
Strensch. The woman was arrested shortly after Von Strensch's apprehension. In these letters were sentences indicating that between November, 1915, and April, 1917, plots
There have been so many rum i Carolina the Last of a Quartet of Shlpe I were in existence for 25,000 German from time to time regarding the loss	That Seemed to Be Doomed j reservists to cross from Buffalo to
of life in the Canadian aviation	Misfortune.	Bridgeburg. Ont., and for 100,000
schools that the authorities recently	___ Germans to enter Mexico at unnamed
=B™EE
The records showed that over a per- quartet of ships that have had trag i Russian alias and disguise had entered dating back from June 30 and history,” remarked Brooks Amiss of | ed employ of the Curtiss Corncovering 36,253 flights, there had Baltimore, a former resident of Wash- pany This spy is now being watched been 33 total losses of machines, five ington, at the Willard, according to the | by Federal officials, cases of two or more longerons be- Washington Post. “The Carolina was ing broken, twenty-one cases of one formerly the Grand Duchess, built for longeron being broken, and 69 cases tbe punt line in 1896. She made her
of undercarriage of plane being brok- flr8t tr|p from B0gt0u to Halifax and I regiments at a base port In France, en. injuries repairable, by the squad- yearg jater *he was taken over by i saw an officer approaching him while
sïmm
19 38 hours, or 5,179 flights, and one ; service was from Charltston, 8. U j,m not a general,” replied the smil-admission to hospital per 377 hours, carrying a regiment of Wisconsin ^ offlcer .«Beg pardon, colonel.” or 1,007 flights.	troops and high army officers to Porto gald lhe darky. -But I’m not a colon the records of the R A F. for Rico.	onel,” protested the captain,
the period mentioned those accidents “General Miles a short time before | me again, major,” came back the have been categorized as follows, no hft(j been placed in command of the j dusky sentinel. “Look here, man, attention being paid to the class D Amerlcsn army and he left Washing- I’m only a captain,” was the officer’s crashes, which were only minor ones. ^ w|th member9 of hls early In | reply. Well, sah! I knew you wuz resulting In no admission to hos- Ju, At Charleston Oenersl Miles one of de face cards ob de pack, any-
pUal:	went on board tb. Tale, which had |	R“tu»’ w,,h a conûdln*
grin.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
>ars.
ACCIDENTS TO AIRMEN.
without any unnecessary fuss-
i \
ALL HAD TRAGIC HISTORY
Reassuring Figures Supplied by the
Royal Air Force.
THEIR FINAL REST TOGETHER
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
•?Idler's Intensely Pathetic Dees rip. tien of the Burial of Youthful Scottish Officer With Hie Men.
If
il
1 stood one night on a certain hill that commands the firing line In an almost soundless panorama, me was an officer of the Second Canadian division, who had Just come out There that night by Its white trail of Iridescent light we could trace the course of the firing line for many miles through France and Flanders. .
Just to our left the line of light jutted far out, like a lone cape Into the seajg*pg*gg*gpggj(g| place?" my friend inquired.
“That," I answered, “Is the Ypres salient, the Bloody Angle of the British line."
To mention the name of Ypres is to have one’s memory awakened with a veritable kaleidoscope of pictures. That trail of light that Jutted out Into the night looked like a cape, and an iron cape It has been through months and years of war. But the holding of that cape has been at an awful cost, and there was not an Inch along that trailing line of light that had not cost Its trailing line of blood.
Just after the first gas attack In April, 1915, the whole countryside was In a panic. The roads were filled with civilians in alarm, fleeing down country, and with limbers and marching troops hastening up. I was passing through the town of Ylamerthlgne, which Is situated two miles beyond Ypres. In a field at the side of the road I saw a funeral party. It consisted of several pioneers, serving as grave diggers, a gray-headed Scottish major, and a corporal’s guard to act as firing party.
I learned that this Inconspicuous group were burying the last original officer of a battalion of the Came-on Highlanders. The dead officer wtu, a young subaltern, and the gray haired old major was his father, who had come from another regiment to attend the funeral of his son.
So, over in a great deep trench, where a number of the rank and file of the fallen Camerons were already laid, the body of their deed subaltern was placed. As I saw the officer and him men of the bonnie Highland regiment thus laid to rest together, I thought »f the requiem of Saul and Jonathan ; They were beautiful 1m their lives, md in their deaths they were not dl-rlded."—Capt. Arthur Hunt Chute, In the North American Review.
Beside
Had Him Right.
A negro in one of the stevedore
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
ron
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
“What Is that Jutting-out
But
4 «
«% t
Scuje
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with yonr requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle Que..
t-
been the City of Paris of the American line. He left Gen. Roy Stone of his staff at Charleston to recruit a gang of laborers for the army In Porto
Cuba on the Yale and after staying there a few days went to Ounnlca on the southern const of Porto Rico. It ' g was while he was lying in the wonderful little harbor of Otiaolca on board 1 the Cherokee, the Yale being too large to enter the harbor, that he was Joined by members of his staff who had sailed on the Grand Duchess. The Cherokee, 30 another Plant liner, took the staff to Ponce, and among others on that ' sel was the late Richard Harding Da i vis, who had sailed from Cuba on a dispatch boat. The Cherokee arrived off Ponce the next morning to find that e M the city had been taken the previous 6 day by an ensign of the navy In a dU-4 patch yacht.
— i “A few days later the protocol end-59 log the war was declared and most of the members of the Mlles party sailed back for the States on the Obdnm. a
o

o
A Bergson Anecdote.
Like most philosophers, M. Bergson Ives a rather secluded life. His house n Parts Is as quiet-looking and retiring as himself. Most of his neighbors know him only by sight, aid have no Idea of the distinction enjoyed throughout the world by this unobtrusive spruce gentleman. A short time ago, when M. Bergson issued forth to go to the French academy, where he was to be formally admitted, the neighborhood was dazzled by a magnificent academician's uniform—green smbroldered with gold leaves, a cocked hat and a dainty sword. Then the aid concierge of the house opposite exclaimed : “Ah 1 the little old gentleman has been called up at last. And about time, too !"—Manchester Guardian.
|S6 5
#
X-
Give us a cal
ill III I
General Miles proceeded to
A
1.	Aeroplane defect
(a)	Breakage
(b)	Engine failure 6
(c)	Faulty rigging . .
2.	Error of Judgment—
(a)	Poor flying not due to instruction •. 14
(b)	Poor flying, probably due
to instruction.	2
3.	Loss of head
4.	Brain fatigue 6. Fear
6.	Physical illn
7.	Unavoidable
8.	Disobeying orders.	4
&. W. DALE
e e
• e
e e
1
e #
• e •
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
16
10
4
6
• # ? • e
Shaw villi—Ottawa :
Lv, Shawville 7.35, a m. (B)
Heroes Who Don't Like Worship.	Ottawa—Montreal :
That kindly, admiring and enthusl-	Lv Ottawa	Central	8.45,	a.	m.	(B)
isttc visitors to hospitals In the war	Lv Ottawa	“	3.30,	p.	m.	(A)
tone constitute a nuisante and added	Lv Ottawa Broad St. 3 30, p. m. (A) via North Shore.
trl»l to the wounded Is the complaint	Ottawa-M aniwaxi :
>f the New York Medical Journal. The	Lv Ottawa	Central
patients dont want to be bothered v .	Lv Ottawa |
with glorification, still leas with the	Lv Ottawa	Broad	St.,
SSlTKm “urinJ,htheC0wMr.0«,re	m (A)
coast of Cuba while In the transport )0ure convalescence. “We know of	IjV °ttaWB Broad M 806’ â m W	iLâ .
or MMStal flMrtta	owertmk- service ; the Cherokee foundered some- *#,,**, dodging behind tents when Explanation of signs (A) Daily. (R) Daily except Sunday. (0) Sunday
innth« matted of acci- ""ere ,n th« Atlantic and now the they MW certain ladle# coming to only. (D) Tuesday, Thursday amt Saturday.
S-Srîrs m zgzfTzcr;	TSrsffik ^
in England.	* German u-Doat.	*
e e
e e
see# • •
t #
e #
e e
e e e e e # #
e e e •
e e
e e
• e
2
4
• e
e e
23
36
In the Instances of forced land-
Mp'oTjudgment*waT%#q?entiy*m transport that bad been purchased strong contributory cause, and the from the Holland American line, majority of accidents occurred In that “The curious part of the thing Is period of a cadet’s training when he that the Yale was sunk In some man became over-confident. Other acci- ner ; the Obdam ran ashore off the dents were due to sudden weakn
41 4.40, p. m. (B) 9.00, a. m (C) 8.30, a. m. (D)


i
###PAGE###5###
NOT HIS THE FIELD
THE EQUITY,
N|en, Buy Underwear
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Interests.
N otice To Farmers
Pmhllehed every Ther.d» y
Wall of One Whom Fate Forbids to Carry Sword and Shield.
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
vBnonirriow, «1 aYsar in Advanci
tr All arrears must be paid up before ynj paper is discontinued.
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal adverting, JO cents per Une fear gt insertion and ft cents per line or ea< uhsequent Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch nserted at $5.00 per year.	!
ru™l,z
and 6 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by montb for longer periods Inserted at low rati « which will bo given on application. Advertisements received without n-
satfssrssaxWSTMS-ft
Hard Hie Lot, Ho Can't Got Old Bill MeundflOtt—But Here at Home Hae All the Fun (Î) While Others Fight to Crueh the Hun.

F

Farmers should note that it is against the Law to use wheat for feeding purposes. Any supplies over actual requirements for seed and bread must be sold.
The dally papers that I see all cry In tones of wonder, the praise of oar fine lade In France who face the German thunder; and not a single day goes by but some kind friend will ball me, and with a two-inch line of type with gestures will assail me. "My friend,” he cries, “the Yanks are there 1 And that big boob, the kalaes, will all too soon their anger feel, and ¦adder be and wiser 1 'Twas only yesterday they took a mile or two of trenches; and soon In Berlin's parks they’ll be, a-slttlng on the benches !” Now, I don’t grudge that praise a bit— I like to hear them boasted ; I like to hear our boys in France get cheered and sung and toasted ; I wish that I were over there and scratching at the vermin, and now and then from time to time Td pot a husky German. I would that I might lie and snooze among the mud and thistles, and eat cold chow and hardtack moist where shrapnel screams and whistles, since I can’t be over there among my friends and neighbors I'll call respectful notice to my own emphatic labors, f do not heave a two-pound bomb the German border; Instead I
If you want real Underwear at modern prices BUY NOW and protect yourself from the Flu.
S.
y v.
The price named by the Board of Grain Supervisors for Canada for wheat grown in the Province of Quebec is $2.25 for No. 2 Wheat, F. O. B. cars, Montreal*
CW-'/:
l.vv]
We are prepared to buy your wheat of that grade at this price less the freight to Montreal
If vou have not got a carload, ship in bags which we will return to you.
¦¦h



m
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetr> declined.


Wm


m

Consign your wheat to :
THE OGILVIE FLOUR MILLS CO., LTD.,
ROYAL MILLS, MONTREAL
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
cheaply executed. Orders by mft*'
promptly attended to.
¦¦ | ¦¦ JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Fl

UNDER*
with your full address for the value of
and send up the bill of lading so that we may mail you a cheque your wheat >
Professional Cards.
The Ogilvie Flour Mills Co., Ltd.
MONTREAL
But
Men’s Heavy Ribbed Knit Underwear, good weight, all sizes, $2 00 per garment.
Stanfield’s All-wool, Red Label Underwear, ribbed, soft, durable and warm, No, 1 quality, the old reliable, at $2.75 a garment.
Stanfield’s Blue Label, Double Knit, Pure Wool Underwear, for men working outside. Get your supply now at $3.00 per garment.
Stanfield’s Black Label, All Wool Underwear, extra heavy and worn by men who know warm underwear, at $3.50 a garment.
Fleece-lined Sanitary Underwear, wool fleece-all sizes 34 to 44—at $1.00 per garment.
DR. A. H. BEERS
When "ordering, specify Ogilvie'e Government Standard Flour,
and Ogilvie'» Rolled Oats.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bat - • Qve. .Doctor of Medicine end Master of Surgery
Doctor^1/ Dental* Surgery, University of
ILlcentUte^o?Dental Surgery, Quebee
¦cross
plot a diagram and keep the room In
orterMÊjÊÊfjÊt)jÉÈ0ÊÊÊÊjÊKÊÉ
nor sport a hero's medal ; Instead I grade ten million logs and work the hot-air pedal. I do not help to crush the Hun with bayonet emphatic; but I explain the why and when of fields electrostatic. I can't at present strafe the Boche with shell and sword and fire, so Fro content to teach a class the ways of braided wire ; and though [ pause to envy those who share the fun heroic, I force myself to lesser tasks with an expression stoic. I do aot much enjoy the Job while I am wading through It, but. good or bad, the Job le here and someone has to do It I Although I sit In peaceful ease, enjoying things delightful, I long for FJanders' mud and fleas and other tortures frightful. So while the papers cheer for those who fight beyond the ocean, I Join with them my heart and voice and register emotion, that I could be In France to battle for our nation; but meanwhile how ¦bout a bit of home appreciation? So [ Just mount a near-by chair, where those about can view It, and give three lusty cheers, since no one else will do It! At least if I must stay at home my courage Is consistent; I'd rather be In France than here, a Theory Assistant !•	t
•5
I do not wear a hero's togs
Ottawa Winter Fair
s. A. MACKAY
notary public
- - Que.
Howick Hall, Ottawa,
January 14, 15, 16, 17, 1919.
$16,000.00 in Cash Prizes.
Shawville.
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BAIIISTEI, âo.
, CAMPBELLS BAY, OUR.
'Will be at .Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee<.
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
Excellent classification for all classes of Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Swine, Poultry and Seeds.
Large Harness Horse Classes.
Pure Bred Stallion Sale,
I wish
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
GEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
For Railway rates see local agents.	1
Apply to the Secretary for Prize Tists.	1
W. D. JACKSON, Sec y. }
Carp, Ont. I
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
A i V O 0 ATI i BARRISTIRi AO-
I WM.
SMITH, M. P., Pres.
Columbus, Ont.
: ' Hull.
196 Main St.
1
phone bell
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
“Duck Boards” to Beat the Mud.
When the allied forces In Flanders ere not battling with the Germans they are trying to outwit nature. This Is the substance of a report brought back from the firing line by MaJ. Gen. Charles Clement, U. 8. A.
Mud was a source of considerable annoyance to the soldiers. So the engineering force of Australia devised what has become commonly known as the “duck board,” but which the Canadians ha%p named the “bath mat,” both being terms of derision.
The board is made of a number of small strips of wood, 14 to 15 Inches In length, which are nailed to stringers placed in front of one another and extending for miles. A step off the “duck board” means a plunge Into a sea of mud at least three feet in depth.
- The “board” was devised to enable the Australians to attack the Germans more successfully, and It served to provide a path to victory.—Popular Science Monthly.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
STRAYED
FOR SALE
Pure Bred
Clydesdale Stallion
Master Hugh (Imp )
Strayed on to my premises during October a red and white Steer which the owner may have by proving property and paying for this notice and other expenses incurred.
WELLINGTON ARMSTRONG,
Shawville, Que.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
. Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
STRAYED
Custom Sawing*.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST ,
Will attend Court# and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
Strayed from my premises about Not, 12, a yearling Steer—red with some white in color. Information regarding him will be thankluliy received.
JOHN It, CORRIGAN.
McKee Station.
HULL
Number 6673.
(Registered as
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cuke Largely With Very Great
Success.
Splendid opportunity.
a,&
Diary of a New Yorker.
Rose at 7:80 a. m. Closed folding
GEORGE E. MORENCY
STRAYED
bed.
BURROWS,
Campbells Bay, Que.
Bathed in patent folding tub. Cooked breakfast on collapsible electric store.
HI	LHH e	I 8 a. m.—Left for office with 4,892,868
For rheumatism or kidney trouble,1 of my contemporaries, this medicine has no equal, and jt is g:ig to 9 m. m.—Crushed In subway, highly recommended for indigestion,	9:01—Crushed In elevator,
dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour atom- 9:02 to 12 noon—At desk In office, ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss . 12 to 1 p. m.—Automatic lunchroom, of appetite and asthma. If you have a Crushed In restaurant » sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five 1 to 6 p. m.—At desk In office, doses will remove the trouble.	5:80 p. m.—Run over by automobile.
" A. J. Miller, grocey and baker, Ren	5:46 p. m.—Run over by street car.
frew, writes : 44 I had rheumatism -in	g p. m.—Home. Crushed In subway,
my shoulders for over a year. I used	6:80—Dinner at popular table d'hote,
two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic Crushed by waiter, and Kidney Cure, and I am free from 7 p. m.—To the movies. Crushed In all pain and stiffness	* îiowd.
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 6, Renfrew, |	9:80 p. m.—To drug store for soda
writes : 141 was troubled with rheuma- rater. Crushed in crowd, tism for over fifteen years, and at times 10 p. m.—Run over by automobile, unable to work. Two bottles of your 10:80 p. m.—Run over by street car. remedy cured me.	11 p. m.—8aw a parade. Crushed in
Mrs. Harry Grace, 600 Flaunt St., :rowd. HRHH^HHHHIHVPI Renfrew, writes :141 was troubled for j 12 midnight—Home to folding bed.
years with indigestion and tried all kinds Crushed.—New York Sun.
of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic-1	- -	..
tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.” ¦ ¦ w*m f ¦
¦ ^H I ^H ¦
writes : 441 have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw ville Drug Co* Shawville, Que ; Coulonge Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.;
J, L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta-ws.jM Joyce, Quyon, One.; from the manufacturer W. F.
Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 76c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage..	- :
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OK
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
gssouUd carefully to the aatiafao-
tlon or partus.
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned some time during September last, a spring male Calf—mostly white with red spots on neck. Owner may have same by proving property and paying for this notice.	WESLEY HINES.
Clarendon Station.
FOR SALE
1 Reg’d Shorthorn Bull Calf— 1st prize calf this year’s Fair. . ¦
thus. McDowell,
¦¦MHi Shawville.
Hull.
STRAYED
An Educational Problem.
The colony of Mennonites present real educational problem in Sas-
From the first they
. Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned about November 1st. a year old heifer, red with white spot on face. Owner may have same by proving property and paying for this notice.
JOHN GREENSHIELDS
Elmhurst Shorthorns
a
GEORGE HYNES
katchewan. have been opposed to public schools and to English as a medium of Instruction, fearing that with English there would come also the "hoch-muth of the unredeemed world and the gradual disintegration of the community spirit.” The tenets of the faith include refusal to participate in civic duties, to bear arms or to take oaths.
Just two young bulls left, but they arc real good ones. Both nice dark roans—big and well shaped, and out of extra good cows. If you are needing a bull for next season you should see these animals at once.
Can also spare a few good young
females. ELLARD L. HUDGINS,
Portage dtt Fort.
, Xarm,
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville. Pjrsonahttention.Openallhours.
STRAYED

Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned about Nov. 23rd, a black and white cow. Owner may have same by proving propertyxpenses.
R. R 1, Charter!#.
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
Fire# In the Arctic.
Fully two months ahead of their usual time for migration, vast flocks of wild ducks are passing southward over Dawson. At times the Yukon river Is black wit* the birds. Forest fires north toward the Arctic Circle or some strange action of nature, it is. believed, is probably responsible for the early flight. Many of the ducklings are hardly able to fly.
Thrfee Thousand Mile» by Motor.
Mr E. M. Hannlgan, San Franco's Superintendent of Cellars, has |ust arrived with Mrs. Hannlgan at heir old home In Prince Edward Island, having driven the entire distance via Boston in their own motor
FOR SERVICE
STRAYED
(Or would sell at market price) one pure bred Berkshire Hog. Fee—one dollar. FUR SALE—Young Holstein Bulls.
J. B. KILGOUR, Shawville
Strayed from the premises sf Samuel y. Weirstead, about 15th October a year old steer—red with a little white on him and marked with cut in right hay wire. Information leading to his whereabouts will be thankfully received by	WILBERT HORNER.
Caldwell, Que.
W. J. HAYES
Smile
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
SHAWVILLI
MAIN STREET
ear, or
Robertson, Renfrew
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
FOR SERVICE
A Chester White Hoy.
PETER BROWNLEE,
5th R, Clarendon.
Apply
STRAYED
to
Copenhagen le used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco. Take a small pinch, for a était.
the lower Up
J. L. HODGINS
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned during November a black and white cow which the owner may have by proving property and paying for this notice.
and put it bet
FOR SERVICE
AGENT TOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE ¦	- QUE.
or direct Ritchie,
and fpupa, In the centre.
e the
sA%e of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you desire
Afterwards you can
Registered English Berkshire Hog for
HUGH A.
WILLIAM STEPHENS,
Shawville, Que, -
service.
HORNER.
Radford.
:ar.
the tot. i<> o of Which it Is made Is
Getting Speed Record.
The International Fisheries Commission has decided upon the tagging salmon on the tail fin In British Jolumbla, with a view to ascertain-ngjiow long it takes the young fish .0 travel back to their native waters ># the Fraser river. ^.
FOR SALE
cut h*to fine grains, which make* It
FOR SERVICE
impart its strength thoroughly and
R
quickly.
JlerSee, a MttSs Ipflnrh" goes
I Durham Bull Calf.
1	year and-* half old Hole, Bull,
2	Holstein Heifer Calves,
1 year and- a half old Holstein Heifers. E T BROWNLEE,
R. R. No. 2, Shawville,
SHEEP FOR SALE *
Purebred registered Yorkshire Hog (Experimental Farm stock). Fée 11.00.	__ _ __
I

Fifty good breeding Ewes for
ch
In all countries. Ask for our I.VVKN* TOR S ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
*4 University SU Montréal,
; but also one of the finest quality, being made of the old. rich, h ish - flavored tobacco.
R. J. CUTHBERTSON, ,
Maryland, Bristol.
sale.
LA BELLE, . .Waltham, Que.
fi-, ^

###PAGE###6###
9
FREE TO GIRLS1 FUNNY FOLD-UPS
MOTHER-WISDOM
s ?
CUT OUT AND FOLD Oh DOTRD
Big Doll and Dull Carriage
Thin Biff Doll le 15 In AÊÊ^ oht«H tell, hew Jointed lepre end arms end naturel p * » h*ad
U Y
^	frame and wheels, and
the seat, beck and hon.1 ere made of leatherette It la "4 titches hlffh and Is Just the rlrh for the HI* Poll.
One Speck of Dirt Too Small to See May Bring Disease to Vat
and Your Child.
vv
i
hand* feat The Carriage h.w steel

. 1
They are worth every ounce of the wisest love and utmost care we can give them, there price* Uti littttr vnee from JIeilven'

T.
By Agronomist.
This Department le for the uae of our farm readers who want the «^ce •f an expert on any question regarding toil, seed, crops» etc. If your questio le of sufficient general Interest It will be answered through this column. " stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a complete will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist care of Wilson Publishing Co., Ltd, 73 Adelaide 8t W„ Toronto.
Bÿ Helen Johnson Keyes
Ju*t Mud us vour I	I * :/ /	I How much knowledge and wi.«dom ecc one’s child suffer front ptom-
nmm# and ivldta*» I	| * j/-* I go into the making of a good mother! aine poisoning and understand ^ its
i aMBli JlB KlBÉB
EES=rS:B2==SiS, SSsttiF	==
thirty o. hforty-"i/ aT aWuf^ The history of other countries mud;	[Li !	Unjy for	ho«r- unJ	pLX'harrfer
groups, from British Columbia to ether farmers sheds light on our	w Terolte ^	“=^=J	f. ¥ I to hegm with the eery lightest diet. #nd c0 ml or wc glmlI httVa oon.
Prince Eduard island. On this point, problems; and we may be instructed, ___ ___—   —-.¦	&Ï*..f I After a week, however, one of them , tinually-rccurring cases of indige.t-
w made a definite enquiry of the to our great advantage, by their ex- lloing Over the Old Barn. |	*	—I feI1 iU ugain in thc *same wayNtion followed bv chronic etetimeati
farmer as to whether the fertility of pvrieiue. In central New* > <>rk, For B moment when I came in sight I —il	yV \V\ Th« doctor happcnwl to he brother-m-, ^’occasional unnecessary deaths.
h;s farm was bring maintained or wheat growing was followed »u«eM-; of thc )aro , llkI nol recognize It,	K_S YVT"J lnW.°f t!?f *“nt er^ *“ (1“,‘etJy m^e Foods require to be used up almost at
, fuBy for 4° years. During f	Bo changed was it in appearance. The	\>T A “n "ivcUgativn of her kitchen for onf„ unl<M, Uley can be kept very
Hero is the answer: 30 per cent o more the success was doubtful Then bu,,d; ,Ud |ict look tike tiuy u.-ed	1 x ,	^ h“‘‘, T." " ° e ' . cold and covered,
them reported about the same yield it Wame deflmtely unprofitable. (	^ tocM were different, and blic ! fill \\	I) ' I household to cure cases of acute in- T1io utprryil, ^ in preparmg and
per acre as «0 years ago, 40 per cent.; With a climate favorable for agincub^	had l>ecn nri-nnged on a new |	^-l,ÇwU»n a,u| P^maine poisoning. kccpinK food? must' be of the kind
reported some increase in yield, and lure and propitious for crop-growing, ^ ^ W0U6mical p!an for ,av. -^~J Before vei y long lie found the ex- whfch ronUln no insanitary cracks
mmÉmMÊÊÊm s ## ipi
hrom Manitoba, 32 per cent, of the Iowa and other Western States either ^ mgtl ^ owncd <ho ,llave be- '_<- sour in the oantry; a oaf of bread Thc houwwil> Aou!d	(t,b
%%% rxrMt ^ trJsrtunrs . » r «*- - «...	~s trains lts
man reported an increase; and 4G per the old men; from 30 bushels of wheat ^ thc chor„.	A yard surrounded by a fixe foot The doctor, imagination pictured a	mu't be spotless when -he cooks
t„ the acre they came down to 14.	lfarn was taken down and *•»><¦“ will under most conditions keep dish of scalloped fish made from some anJ ,vcn thouM not be used as
We cm, afford to take a .esson ^	tlmbers moved away to a Sicken, at home. If th^-hens show | sc„p. of canned salmon M«w«. ta#Hng implement. Our mouth si
from even our enemy Oermanyls	{ from the house. Such ¦tendency to fly over such«J™ ^, some lns.de cuts of that moldy loat,! v.a	e(1!ltlitl the germs of disease,
a country until a so which on tho	^	M beams and other: W feathers of one wing shoudbo plus the souring milk In hi. fancy. ^ich m&!>t	of	tho	time	fall	to
whde is not naturally very fertile tjmbfr< WIV of thr ri ht size ond clipped. A fence made of woven, he saw every one o the family ill ^ their deadly poaslbiHtioe Within about 30 years she ha, been;	xwrc worked ovcr for ,he new I wire is prefer ble tp a fence made after that feaot and Win». : xvithin because certain curative
able to effect an increase of abou frame ^ woods afforded log, of board or other material. A	who believed in preventing Ulnew, if fore„ are at work in our bodies de*° I"' vent‘ m ,J'° y,eW» P°r ecre 0f for what more heavy timbers wire should not be used at the top of a he had a chance, instead of waiting	their power; but transferred
Hand, w. _ ! fi^.sj-2- :z srjss.	ztsmvz.'z, rti—-¦—» --     «*»
of Canada our method* of farming	/	, , , , . • t . gom€ teach them to fly over. The larger j *^<1 the bread and pitched them out
are exhausting the fertility of our,	%	odd si,ling was iLïin the nvw the yard which ca# bo provided the into tho place where such things be-
mm üün!itü^ r
Committee, Comm,a.,on Conserva-	trünmed wjth vvhlte. U;
^l0n*	look# fine now, and it ia as good as it
look».
I site
HK

•rawer
i arniM Lest-i Fertile Than 40 Years
Ago.
f
The difficulty or impossibility
y
v as deteriorating
cent, reported some decrease. That is a summary ot* the answers to the question when put under an intelligently conducted survey.
We want in Canada more serious end intelligently conducted surveys of our conditions in order that wc may acquire real knowledge of facts as they anc
«?usions and plan our course of action to deal with the facts discovered and
properly interpreted the lure of land was for a time similar to the lure of thc Yukon; and the lure of the Yukon in thc main led on to disappointed men, deteriorated health, and parts of the Yukon left with less material substance that could be called wealth than it had be-
Then we van come to con-
into other people’s ctomachd, they may produce the disease of which they are heed*, the curative forces being absent or week In the systemf Now this article is not intended to 0f the victim* who eat them, discourage thrift, it is just a remin- R^ta, mice and even pet animals den of those tiny disease-carrying should be rigorously kept out of the organisms, bacteria, yeasts and molds, | kitchen. They are carriers of dis-which develop in foods if these are1 case germs, exposed to slow heat, dampness and1 So much has Iwen said and written air. When foods "spoil" bacteria about the nasty fly, its foul habits vomit or molds are spoiling them.	it* power to infect the food arui
These are hundreds of vanoliej of ^ bodies of the babies, children, end bic fera, many of which are useful, grown-upa on which it alights that even necessary to life. I nm now one may iivdeod ray that no woman speak’ng at/©ut the poisonous bacteri* & A good mother who doea not sureezi which breed in foods, dust end dirt, them out of her House and use every and which cause more death among method of driving them from the children and among grow n-ups v horn i neighborhood and from her children, the children need than has c er been They are the great carriers of typ-put on record. Twenty-thousand of hold.
these bacteria might scared!/ cover Du,t is not dangerous in itself, it tlie head of a pin, none the less, they jg dangerous because in it grow death-have the power to bring desolation dealing baoteria into lain:lies, robbing parents of know how to sweep so as to collect children and children of parents. ; the dust and destroy it, not merely Mill; rapidly dtveîop» great col- to scatter it. She muet diligently onic- f i bacteria as soon as it is Wt scrub floor* and comers with soap standing in a w&rm condition. That1 and water ami expose her is wi.j 1 Insist that when baby’s bot-= rooms, particularly her kitchen and tic has been warmed for a feeding, pantries, to bright, direct sunlight what ts left hi it must ho thrown After food has been cleanly prepay away, rot kept fer 'he next feeding eJ and served it must he cleanly eat-Many a fatal n w of diarrhoea ha» en. Children should bo obliged al-r*s:lied from the practice ,f warm-, way* to wa^h their hands and to ing caby's botVa tw:ce or more. (This : scrub and clean their nsik* before of coul*v, doe» n-t refer to warming coming to the table. Meat bacteria once after paji*»rizatior.) Ice are conveyed from the hands to tlie cream which ha# melted into a warm mouth and thus eaten. Children put fluid and is then refrozen is ' very their hands without dainty scruple, dangerous, for freezing does not kill, in and on everything. Dirt crowd.* bacteria; it only.checks their farther under their nails and may contain development. Many epidemics of ( batteria, which lodging on their food indigestion which have swept through and passing into the*r digestive tract# villages after a party or picnic have been due to the fact that the ice cream eaten was refrozen in this way.
Other bacteria develop in meat, fish and in canned goods which are allowed to stand in the cans after they are vptmed. These arc ptomaine*.
In thc West
Seed com #a>ci*ed at husking time
depending upon thc condition of the inside are some devices to save tune cughly dry out before winter. The birds when the forcing begins.	and strength. Stairs lend from the'car* should not touch each other dur-
Sometimes young geese are mar- basement to the first floor and up to ing the drying process. The ears keted as “green geese.' Then the : ^e scaffolds * Good swing stanchions can be suspended in a well ventilated fattening process begins when thc	it comfoitable for tho cows and shed or attic. Seed corn that is
long wing feathers have developed, easier for the men folks. Feed car- thoroughly dry will not be injured by
The birds rkpg ^ Utter carriers lessen thc .freezing. .
Who!, goslings over six weeks of ago nr© to he fastened they can be fed three time* per day with a,ration of unv part corn meal and one part bran ^I tured through thc summer can be fat tened on a ration composed entirely of corn meal. This should be gyen over a period of four or fixe weeks
until they roach thc tall.
be penned up and fed the follow- _ iztg ration with good results: Four j -parts corn meal and one part bcof scrap, given three times per day. A sprinkle of salt added to the wet m;i*h is good for the birds and acts ns an appetizer.
Ducks fatten well on tlie mash com-
can
Geese which have been pas
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
!
A mother must
fly Andrew F Carrier. M l)
Dr. Carrier will answer si! signed letters pretafalûg to Health. If yest ,	, .	, geest ion le of general Interest It wilt be answered through these columns;
posed of one part corn mead and two j #ot> % wlu anewered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is e»
gp% 111 f Pl\/1 paru bran. About five per cent, elcsetl. Dr. Currier will cot prescribe for individual case# or make diagnosis
II I I W\ W I of beef scrap and a little fine grit1 Address Dr. Andrew F Currier, care of WUsoa PubllsMog C(L. It Adelaide
¦	¦ 1 ¦ m ¦ 1 »hoeM be i to the mash to bring j 8t West Toronto
the best result»

Green food should bo given occasionally to help in keeping the digestive system in good r rden_____*_______
of fH kinds.
Better quality preferred. Write for price#.
STANFORD'S, Limited
1» MamfUfd §L • • Meet reel
Measure* for Preventing Infectious prevalent. Menthol, cucalyptol, thy-
DisfUM-a.	mol, lysol, boric acid, carbolic acid,
the exercise. Sanitary conditions m( about, hr»t by keeping tho* body in u ht lhe	of tlie nose
thc yard# and pen. arc very ne^cs- « so hne ^^mnfor	Bn/mouth from tilfcir earliest years
sary. The profit in fattening eiUier that it will be able to offer success- an<1 if llJtbit ia carried through thicks and geese can be determined _ lui resistance to the great army of by comparing the coat of good quality	disease germs ever lying in wait to
coxn with the price that will be re-	attack it. A good engineer never
calved for the duck». At the pres-	overlooks il» requirements of his muent price of feed it requires more	chine, ho give, it pure water, good
tlian the usual amount of skill to fat- coal, good draught; lie keeps it clean	# I ¦¦ MM
ton the birds »t a profit, hut under- and well oilod, be is constantly on	has pyniptoms of goitre. Could you
ftjd birds never p»y so it is un- the look-out for weak spots and when	suggest some thing which will keep it
douUedly best to give the geese and he finds them ho remedies them at	from enlarging ?
ducks a certain amount of fattening	once, if he can. In this way he gvts	2-~Afe	acid	fruits,	including	toma-
and then endeavor to place them on	the maximum of efficiency from his	toes,	useful	for	one	who	is	bilious?
Precisely in the same way	Answer—1—If your child has goi-
if one would keep off disease he must tre. the proper th'.ig would be to avc proper food, exercise, sleep, place h :r under tho care of a physi-dothing, recreations and everything clan who understands the treatment When a ceiling falls, as they some-* elee which will enable his physical	of that disease. IX you care to read
time# do, there is the slight coneoh<-s organism to work smoothly. There	my article on goitre, send *tama*L|| |	wMBMÊÊÊÊÊÊMÊÊÊBÊJM
tion that the old plaster can l>e used are also extra precautions which he	soli'-addressed envelope and you* will Cabbages	furnish n great,	succulent
to advantage in the garden.	might take but in the majority of receive it.	food for dairy cows Imt usually they
Cruriicd limestone spread over the case# dom not. lie can take better 2—1 do not .now that tho ncld are worth ho much for human food <oii is bénéficiai; it Is slow in its ac- care of Ms #km, which is one of thc fruits have any jwrticukr relation to that it would be impracticable to feed tion but is bénéficiai just the same, avenues for the elimination of poi- biliousness. Drugs, like mercury and them to the cows accomplishing tho same result a* sons, by more frequent and thorough ipecac and a few other#, are useful in be fed rather sparingly. It will not burnt lime but requiring more time bathing and scrubbing, especially the treatment of biliousness, but one flj to give a cow nil the cabbage she to do it. So it is with old plaster, with warm water and plenty of soap, should take them under tho direction wants to
which is slower in its action than lime He can be more particular about the of a phy.ridmn.	„	cause it will taint the milk and the
tr.it In time produces the some result,	function# of hie bowels and bladder	G. K. N.—I am told	that if two	cow will not do well, but a compara
If old p’a.itcr is to be had do not	which are identically as important to	cakes of yeast are eaten	each day for	tively small feed of cabbage in the
r* £:ect to work it into the garden,	hi» well-being on sewers to a city,	several month#,, it wfift	cause redtic-	morning to take the place of roots
racine un the lumn# a» fine ms poa*	He can accustom himself to deep	lion of enlarged glands and will also	or of corn silage would be very bene-
s.ible.	breathing, flooding his blood current increase the weight, What is your ftcial
Next spring after the garden hag1 with oxygen and getting rid of pols- opinion as to this? .	food but their sueculency assiste dig-
been limed with the oM poster a lot onou# carbon compounds. It is from Answer—My opinion would be that eation and e cow would eat moro dry of decayed leaves may be v/orked in. the want of this vital oxygen that so jit wouki be an undesirable form of food and digest it better by including Shoe© manure should be applied Mb	many people are dying to-day of	treatment; and the cor stent fermen-	cable ge as a portion of	tho ration.
trail? to the growing « rop# and the	pneumonia. Furthermore if	it is	tation and gas which it would pro-	If you would attempt	to feed a cow
abundant crop.» will more than pay1 true that germs aro so omnipresent duce Id the etomach, would be mo«t nearly an entire ration of cabbages for the trouble.	» and so malevolent, so abundant in the annoying and uncomfortable.	you would be very likely to get ex-
• mouth and nose and eo prone to mi- F. C.—I am troubled with corns, tremaly poor résulté because of the The Sahara Desert is three time.^ grate from this baxc to the pâtt» of j Will you kindly advise me in regard large percents*» of water «- large as the Mediterranean Sea. the body which ave more vulnerable, to their care and caw?	would be eo little dry matter and food-
VVh^n I see a farm of poor soil I the neglect is inexcusable if they are Answer—If you wiH kend stamped, but rimants in A# cabbage th%t s cow know iurt how the farmer looks, not destroyed before they have had self-addressed envelope. I will «end couldn’t eat enough to produce » good \Wn I see a caieles#, skiffles?, fm-	an opportunity to accumulate	and	you my article on corns.	flow of milk for any	considerable
provident farmer in town I can toll	move on. In other words the	daily	E. 9—My baby is 18 month# old,	length of time. That,	I imagine, it
that the soil on his farm is poor; he toHet of tho mouth and nose with has hiccoughs everyday. # Seem* the reason why some people have had k surely a poor soil farmer. The «uitabte spray#, atomizers and mouth bright and well otherwise. Please poor results with cabbage. You get thrifty. eLtrrpa ising firmer, who wash»* is as important *», is even ! tell me what I can do for him.	the same results with beet tops. Peo-
* lively and wattes no time, can more important than the use of the Answer—If the phrenic nerve is pi# harvest their beets and then V* Vwted on as s good soil farmer, teeth brush. Good atomisers are slightly compressed, it will usually ^hey turn tho cows into the beet field and the sofi of his teem wiH be found wy to get and there are many com- stop hioeough. This nerve parse# | and if there ere plenty of beet tops to he srnod Naturally sol! may be Wnationa of snti^eptk* wtiidi will down on either side of the neck, and they think they don’t need hay or tth <	££ rheâ, W ïna& It wifi7 K ^mnüy disinfest tho upper air P#,- coaid be oompw-aed *7
w.„ ..	*122AS5Ti«5f i. 5?3 ÎT5 SÏ*
Raw Furs

hlshwt market
oriceo for
RAW FURS and GINSENG ROOT
Hfe it will not only make life more comfortable but in many cases, it will greatly prolong it.
(location* and Answers.
21 years of reliable tradii»* Peforenoe—T/nlon fJk. of (Tanadm
N. 81 J. V E R
Montre*!, P.Q
220 at. *»ul at. w
are likely to oauso cramps, nausea and all the symptom# of indigestion.
A child-specialist once Raid to me that if all çhildren in Canada were forced to wash their faces, hands and nails before eating there would be a truly amazing fall in the death rate.
X—1—My twelve year old daughter
POULTRY,
*00# and PBATHERS
WANTED
Mights* Prices Paid Prompt Ratanu—No Commis idoa
P. POULIN & CO.
Varia»
a market where quality stock is ap- engine ted
i
'&‘j%Pôïrr&
the morning together with hoy and grain,' and the same principle % will hold true with cabbage, but rest assured that If cabbages are properly fed to dairy cows they will not dry them up but, on the contrary, they will stimulate the flow of milk.
Lime iu Old Plaster
If You Went the Highest
Market Price#
Bhfp all your
RAW FURS
CaMrage should
Xt-haa
Save W
mil
Save the ashes from wood fire*. Store them in boxes or barrels in » dry place until spring, when they should be spread over the garden fo/ high fertilizing value
to us—We pay all express charges.
ABBEY FUR COMPANY
(Tn buslneas for 30 years)
LOUIS ABINOVITCH. Manager
510 St. Paul St. W. Montreal, P.Q
Reference, Bank of Hochelags, 81. Uenry, Montreal.
t, especially at first, be-
'i*
their
RecruitinyOffLeer: "Rot ^vhat would m toy tike you do in the Army?” Tsui: 14Don’t you need a caddie to carry your swrde and things?”
Do not ay ply paint to concrete work before the concrete has hardened, a» peint retard* the retting ot the concrete.
They are not only a utm*!
Arrange to au end the Ninth Annual
TORONTO
FAT
The entiles which hive just closed for Tlie Toronto Fat Stock Show to be heM at the Union Stock %ards, December 5th and 6th, indicate a splendid display of finished live stock. This, despite the fact that the management have discontinued the Offering of premiums for. female cattle the hope that animale suitable for breeding purposes will be kept on the farm for that purpose. It will be well worth anyone’s time to take in this show and also to be prient at
STOCK
SHOW

Stoefc Varda. Tarant», 1# m ax, Thuradey, Der. 6th
u
4
the Auction Sale of Prize Winner»
panging the
along each
grain, but they make a ead
totter to haW the
America
-
_
_
###PAGE###7###
ANOTHER HUN TRICK
Chronology of the Great War
WANTED
Muskrat
Coat
IleartlesimrsF Shown by Firing Upon
~ Refugee* in Church.
Instances of German mistreatment of the civil population of villages in France which were taken by the Bri-tiah-Amerlcan armies are numerous, but perhapn none shows the cold and calculated heartlessness of the Hun more than the following story, which was related to the correspondent by one of the inhabitants of the little town of St. Souplet, near St. Quentin.
An attack by the English and American forces was impending Germans expected it and informed the population that if they gathered in the local church and put up a white sheet as a flag, they would be spared by the advancing allied troops. They did so. The Germans soon were driven out by the English and American*. When they reached a point of vantage, however, they turned their guns on the church. Several persons were killed and many wounded.
The Germans had thought to make the British and Americans believe it was the allied artillery and not their own, that had bombarded the church. When the allied troops entered the = village they found the church shattered, the occupants terrified, and many of their number lying prostrate on the floor, dead or wounded.
You can mak„ from fly#Jo ten dollar» a
Boa##, three In each twenty-five cent*, you « ente. Reply quickly to secure and enclose fifteen cent» for
t
ay. eelllnr our u
Coloria*
selih for
MADE IN CANADA
I
In* end
16—-Kerflisky declares Rus- mttîelîà
Loose box ooat effect.- with convertible collar, Extra well made, length 45". A popular seller.
4L.
t
I9t4
plan republic.
Sept. 19—Argentina breaks rela tions with Germany. >	1
Sept. 29—Bolo Pasha seized in ^ Paris as enemy.	^
Sept. 80—Greet British offensive in
ttrritorjp packing And pontiur*. _
Mil a mu. m III III M/vurACTOtiio
July 23
Mm, lUÊÊKÊÊÊÊKÊÊM
July 26.—Serbia accepts all Austria's terms, except that Austrian officials conduct murder enquiry in
Serbia.	\	I H Hi
Aug. 1.—Gcrrany declares war on Mandera begutv^H m Russia.	Oct. 6—Peru breaks diplomatic re-
^^^HHHHHHlHmHHHlations
Oct. 7—Uruguay breaks diplo-
Xustrlan ultimatum to
00
Toronto
$120
4
t

French Seal , x
Splendid coats that look well and wear better, than any other seal. Special price $112.
For Autumn Days

Aug. 2.—Germans enter Luxem
bourg and invade French territory.	.H8 JH-_______ HNN
Aug. 2.— Germany demands passage tnatic r e 1 at ion* with Germany, through Belgium.	Oct. 12—Von Capclle resigns as
Aug. 4.—England sends ultimatum result of mutiny in German fleet.
Oct. 20—Four Zeppelins destroyed
when returning from England.
Oct. 21—Russian fleet escapes from Moon Sound without loss.
No*. 6—Canadians take Passchen-
The
il
V* ONTO .0*1.*#
z
Lamb and Mink
Two" of our specialties Id which we offer exceptional v a 1 -
to Germany demanding observance of Belgian neutrality. Germany rejects ultimatum, and makes attack on Liege. England declares war.
Aug. 8.—British trogpi land in France and Belgium.
Aug. 12.—England declares war on Austria.
3r
t
I
daele.
Nov. 8—Revolution in Fetrograd. Kerensky flees.
Nov. 20—Russian revolutionists offer separate peace to Germany.
Dee. 1 to 4—Fierce fighting round Cambrai.
Dec. 10—French and British troops take up positions on the Italian front.
Dec. 11—British capture Jerusalem.
Dec. 17—BolshevHti sign armistice with the Central Powers.
P

ues
k
â

Send for Free Catalog.
CUMMINGS & CUMMINGS
109a St. Paul Street
MONTREAL;
RAW FURS: * Highest Prices Paid
Aug. 20.—Germans enter Bru sels.
Aug. 28.—Germans enter Namur and attack Mons.
Aug. 24.—British begin retreat f rom Jkfon a.
Aug. 27.—Louvain burned by Germans.
Sept. 2.—Germans are within thirty miles of Paris, and seat of French Government is transferred to Bordeaux.
Sept. 6—Battle of Marne begins.
Sept. 20 — Germans bombard Rheima.
Oct. 9—Antwerp occupied by tne Germans.	'
Oct. 19—First battle of Ypree bc-
A
# Mocall
Harry Lauder paid a visit to the Western front some time ago. While standing before a great barbed-wire barricade he asked a Highlander how long he thought the war would last. "Forty years,” said the Highlander,
~ Mar 7—Due to the defection of	One of the newest adaptations of	It	is always, safe	to	send	a	Domin-	never moving an	eyelid. "Well	be
Russia' Roumanie is forced to sign !	the cape-wrap is this novelty coatee,	mn	Express	Money	Order.	Five	fighting another	year, and then	it'll
peace treaty with Central PowerST	McCall.Pattern No. 8585, Ladies’ and	Dollars costs	three	cents.	tak' us thirty-nine yqors more to wind
Mar 80—Gen. Foch appointed gen-	Misses' Coatee. In 3 sizes; small,	-- up the wire.”
eraliasimo of allied forces.	32 to 84; medium, 36 to 38; large, 40
April 1 to 7—Terrific fighting on to 42 bust. Price, 25 cents.
the Somme.
April 12—Battle of Lys.
April 23—British naval forces raid Ostend and Zeebrugge.
April 26—Battle of the Somme renewed.
April 26—Battle of Kemmel Hill.
May 29—Germans	launch last
great attempt to advance on Paris.
May *30—Germans retake Boissons.
June 5—German advance halted.
June 12 to M—Battle of Oise.
June 24-25—Italians rout the Austrians on the Piave.
July 22—Germans forced to retreat
across the Marne.
July 29—Fere-en-Tardenois recap.
tured by the allies.	%
Aug. 3—French again occupy Sois-
S
»
i
1918
Feb. 23—British troops enter Jert
k
MONEY ORDERS
cho
C3

53k
!
7
An Ancient Loaf.
The discovery in Sweden of a loaf of bread made from pea flour in the time of the Vikings has disclosed the fact that peas Were cultivated in Europe more than 1,000 years ago.
gins
lopower makes your Ford the best P. Portable Gasoline Engine In the Two minute» to attach or detach.
Au
Oct. 29—Turkey begins war on Rus sin.
Nov. 1—German naval victory at Coroncl, off Chili.
Nov. 10—The commerce raider Em-den destroyed by the Australian cruiser Sydney.
Dec. 8—British naval victory off Falkland Islands.
Dec. 16—German cruisers bombard Scarborough and Hartlepool, 160 civilians killed.
Dec. 18—Egypt proclaimed a British protectorate.
14 H world
Attache» to crank shaft, which ensures delivery of the engine power. Only the engine runs, consequently no wear on tires, different!» 1. etc. A special latent-e«l auxiliary fair keeps the engine cool under all conditions. Car can be moved or driven with Autopdwer attached. Automatic governor control» the power. Heaps of power to
run Grain grinder», a	—-----
wood saw», ensilage 1 cutters, hay presses. 1 fanning mills, sens- fSKMVjM rotors, churns, ce- I Mg SjjE ment mixers, well-	('"4^
drilling machlnes,eto.	flBESsp-
Wrlte for catalogue VLa" — and trial offer and	arraom
see what users say.
TZ7 ANTED: —AT ONCE. DT PRO-11 rresfitvo Concern In the Niagara Peninsula, the Garden Spot of Canada. Boilermaker* and Drill Operators. Steady employment Engineering and Machine Works of Canada, Limited. St. Catharine*. Ont.
Wnarâ'a Liniment Cures Diphtheria.

The Cause of Heart Trouble

XKT *LL EQUIPPED NBWBPAPIR* F V and Job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried 11 SO#. Will C? for II.tOO on Quick sale. Bos ##. " 'iron PnbViehfng Co. Ltd.. Toronto.
a
i
Faulty digestion causes the generation of gaeee In the stomach which inflate and down en the heart and interfere with its regular action, cauain faintness and pain. 15 to _ drops of Mother SeSgel’i fertiles Syrep after meals set# digestion right,which allows the heart to beat full and regular.
VVKEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR BALE 11 in New Ontario. Owner going te Fierce. Will-sell 11.000. Worth double that amount Apple J H. e'o Wilson Publishing Ca. Limited. Toron te
A. ML Mo G ILL Dept. A. lit Adelaide St. W
1015
Toronto
fleets bombard
es. a
12—British capture Neuve
Feb. 20—Allied Dardanelles -eg March 1 II Chapelle.
March 22—Prsemysl captured by Russians.
April 22—Second battle of Ypres. April 24—Battle of St. Julien. April 25—Germans first use poison gas in attacking.
May 7—Lusitania torpedoed.
May 9—Battle of Festubert.
May 23—Italy declares war on
Austria.
May 31—Zepnelin raid on London. July 8—South-West Africa (German) surrenders to General Botha. z Aug. 6—Germans occupy Warsaw. Aug. 21—Italy declares war on Turkey.	-
Oct. 12—Germans execute Nurse
%
MEDICINE FOR LOGS
Chemicals Used to Preserve Timber Against Ravages of Insects.
ANCea TUMORS. LUMPS. ETQ. internal and external, cured with-
treatment Write . Bellman Medical
€
sons
Aug. 7—Foch raised to rank of
Marshal of France.
Aug. 9—British troops, under Haig, launch successful offensive. Germans in full retreat
Aug. 27—Roye captured by the French
Aug. 30—Bapaume taken by the
allies.	„	"
Sept. 1—British pursue Germans
through the Lys valley.
Sept. 18—Americans wipe out St.
Mihicl salient
Sept. 18—British break through the Hindenburg line.
Sept. 23—British rout the Turks in Palestine.
Oct. 1—Allies capture Roulera. Oct. 1—Bulgaria capitulates to the
terms of the allies.
Oct. 4—Germans abandon Lenf*. Oct. 9—Canadians capture Cambrai. Oct. 17—British secure Lille.
Oct. 18—British sailors occupy Os-
eut pain by our Some before toe late. Dr
f
Wood, being a vegetable structure,
Is liable to decay. But if properly "doped
chemical it may be rendered almost decay proof—which, when the matter is brought down to dots, means proof against devouring insects and destructive fungi. '
Creosote is one of the chemicals commonly used for this purpose. But, whether this or another, the most up-to-date method adopted is to saturate logs with the preservative^ stuff by pumping the latter into their intimate structure.
The preservative, under pressure, is
5”2 !«. its:. i&rsA «.Va™, B-iu,...r
cresFure1	^ 24-Greece yield» to the de-
mnnds of the aVies.
Britain Thinking of Million Dead. Dec. 15—Sir Douglas Haig succeed-Talking to the British Pilgrims So- ed Sir John French as commander of ciety in London, James M. Beck the British forces.
marvelled at the restraint of the	—--------*
British people in the hours of their 1916.
success, and diagnoses it by saying: i Feb. 21—Germans begin attack on "Britain's feeling is that of a yerdun.
Judge in a criminal court, facing a	March 8—Portugal declares war on
prisoner convicted of a foul murder, Germany with the Judge putting on his black cap to pronounce sentence the spirit of Britain to-day. She , Turks Is thinking of her million dead.”
The average man feels that those who have Jhe most right to celebrate on can never come home.
g
Limited. r#>111n*w<wxi Out
with some preservative
THICK, SWOLLEN BLINDS
05 McCall
Wrr?- :

ffl
that make a horse Wheeze, Roar, hare Thick Wind or Choke-down, can be reduced with

Easy

W-
vm
to

us*
ill
ABSOpbine
KEEP YOUR STOVi BRIGHT
also other Bunches or Swellings. No blister, no hair gone, and horse kept at work. Eco-
Ob.,in, ,h, nM-^nt »•
ment .bout comerv.tion wool,	ML ,L miiwptic llmmtm lot mm-
many smart women have found ro- kind, reduces Cysts, Wens, Painful, Swollen fuge in an entire satin dress. Here Veins and Ulcers. Si.2$ a bottle at dealers of is an excellent model to be developed delivered. Book “Evidence" free
in satin or velvet
Black Knight
STOVE POLISH
f ~

#T#


McCall Pattern W.f.Y0UNtt.P. D.F., 5l6ljw*sli<f ,««wtriaî.CÀ -
No. 8613, Ladies' Dress. In 6 sizes,
34 to 44 bust. Price, 25 cents.
These patterns » may be obtained from your local McCall dealer or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St.,
WHEN YOU SUFFER FROM RHEUMATISM
tend
Oct. 31—Turkey surrenders to tho Toronto, Dept. W British.
Nov. 1—Italians' huge drive of Austrians out of Italy.
Xov. 2—Austria surrenders to the
Italians.
Nov. 2—British take Valenciennes.
Nov. 6—Germany seeks peace terms from thd allies.
Nov. 7—Marshal Foch hands his
____	.terms to the German emissaries and
May 31—Naval battle off Jutland. Lrants them 72 hours' time limit for.
June-6—Lord Kitchener drowned | rcpîye
i HJtf.S. Hampshire.
Aug. 31—Turkey and Bulgaria d8-
clare war on Roumanie. "
Dec. 21^—Death of the Austrian
Einneror Franz Joseph.
Dec. 29—Admiral Beatty succeeds Sir John JelUeoe im command of the British High Seas Fleet.
Heals Pimples With One Cake Soap and One
Ointment
Almost any man will tell you that Sloan’s Liniment means relief
Htnard’e Liniment Cures Colds. &o.
Box
Tommy (after operation—"What with sister 'ere, an' them lilies, I thought I was in 'eaven, when I first came round, till I seed Bill yonder in the next bed!”
Face new free from them for two or three years. Were sore and often became large and hard. Left dark, red blotches that disfigured face. Nothing
man has used rom rheumatic
practically every it who has suffered fi aches, sureness of muscles, stiffness of joints, the results of weather exposure.
Women, too, by the hundreds of thousands, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. Say "Sloan's Liniment" to your druggist. Made in Canada. Get it today.
For
April 3—Battle of St. Eloi.
April 29—Kut surrendered to the
That is
did much fcood till tried Cuticura.
Helped from first application and now face ia healed.
From signed statement of Mine Lorens Kennedy, R. R. 1, Williams-town, Ont., March 7,1917,
Use Cuticura Soap for toilet purposes, assisted by touches of Cuticura Ointment to soothe and heal any tendency to irritation of the akin and scalp. By using these fragrant, super-creamy emollients for all toilet purposes you may prevent many akin and scalp troubles becoming
For Free Sample Each by Mail address post-card: "Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. 8. A.M -----------------—
*
Minard'a Liniment Co., Limited.
GentIemen,-^-Last winter I received great benefit from the use of MIN-ARD S LINIMENT in a severe attack of LaGrippe, and I have frequently proved it to be very effective in cases of Inflammation.
Yours,
W. A. HUTCHINSON.
KNOW YOUR SYMPTOMS!
Medical Terms Everyone Should Know—Some Latin Phrases.
There are several medical terms should know about. For instance,
I if your examiner tells you tttst you
severs relations | al insanity Î Here are a few ordinary
terms you should know Prosthesis—The addition of an ar-x tificial part to supply a defect of body, as appliances to take place of

one
Thousands
of undernourished
people have •found that
tous.
1917
PLïlls Pain
80c., 60c., $1.20
"If we arc not responsible for the thoughts that pass our doors, we are at least responsible for those we admit and entertain.”—Charles B. Newcomb.
M
tisli.
March 14—China
with Gerjnanv.	I
April ,6—Uü. Congress formally resolution declaring war on
V
PAIN EXTERMINATOR
4 » J J * ‘ V r «% ^ 4 ’ i 1 ¦ 1- •' •	** J ^ f HF -I ¦ * » i* 4 . « Wlé s#^ u. « ^**#7** ' y Si
passes
9—Vimt Bidge Uken by	atrophy—Wasting away, withering
"r‘ 10—Brazil severs relations as of injured limb.	When you mend tho lace curtains
v Germany.	Flexion—Bending, as limbering up paste tissue.paper under the rents and
V \ni il 16—Workingmen's and Sol- stiff wrist through exercise, massage, stitch back and forth on the machine.
Uk" ^	injury,	"n.r,. ' '"*¦*» “ “
June
RiJune 29—Greece breaks relations
with the Central Powers.
July 14—Michaels succeeds Von
Bethmann tiolweg.	¦
July 22—Army of Crown Prince
pulsed all along the line.	¦
July 23—Russian troops demoral
Klnard’s Linlmsat Our#» DIaWmxwr

r-	Always Effective—and acts quickly
Relieves Janie back, lumbago, neuralgia, sprains, lame joints and muscles.'' A* dealers dr write us. HIRST REMEDY CO„ Hamilton. Can.
Mub
-foocim I
a scientific
blend of nourishing cereals
helps
wonderfully in building health and
happiness.
7-»—British take Messines lesion." ¦¦¦ ^¦¦11 ¦	¦
Functional—Affecting the work
in** of an organ only, not affecting
the organ itsllf.
My op tic—Defective sight; shortsighted.
Anaesthesia—Insensibility to feel-calf of leg.”
Amnesia—Loss of memory Aphasia—Loss of speech. Neurasthenia—Nervous
nervous exhaustion.
Neurosift—Functional derangement due to disorders of nervous system. For instance, "War neurosis.”
ics—Cure of deformities Not confined to leg
The world's sheep stocks have decreased by 64,000,000 since the war began.
Hotel Del Coronado
ro-
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
"Pronounced anaesthesia
Coronado Beach, California
Where the balmy yet invigorating climate makes possible the enj oyment of outdoor sports throughout the Winter months.
POLO, GOLF, (TENNIS, MOTORING, FISHING, BAY AND SURF BATHING
Write for Winter Folder and Golf Program.
40HN J. HERNAN,
ized
Aug. 7—British Admiralty reepn-
Canadian troops make
debility
strutted further gains at Lens.
Aug. 10—tien. Haig’s men capture
practically all German positions cast
and southeast of Ypres.
Aug. 13—Greece now at war with Germany, Austria, Turkey and Bui-
SHOE P0USHES
par.ii
body
Ortho of the4!
Needs no
Bug
LIQUIDS WRASTES
/'HACK WHITt TAN. DANK MOWN O* OK-SLCOO SHOES
PRESERVE zk LEATHER
garia.
Sept. 1— French blow ou Aisne-front. Sept. 11—Korniloff
wa r 1
Sept 14—Great m I ih* Meus*-
cases.	\
Disorientated—A mental state, confusion as to place, time, date. etc.
Neuropathic tendency — Constltu- | tionally abnormal, conditions neriian» made evident by, but not primarily due tx w»».
shrcv
strike
ar

starts
Manager



i
Hfl'JK N». 48—'li
s
###PAGE###8###
The 10 Points why
<
We’re
Our Business Grows : Ready
SHAWÎILLE BOOT AND SHOE STORE
M
For You
Our aim is to have satisfied customer», and we do everything to satisfy thorn.
We cheerfully exchange goods, or refund money when goods are not satisfactory.
We have gained the confidence of our customers by always telling them the truth and advising them in best way.
The farmer liken to deal with us because we buy all his
m tlie full price, loss a small commis-
1
2
In everything- that you could desire in a new and up-to-date stock of Jewelry, Watches, Clocks, Silverware, Diamonds.
—See our selection of—	.
Solitaire, Twin and Three-Stone flings
—Also a nice line of—
Ivory and Ebony Goods.
3
Hosiery
4
produce and pay hi sion for handling it.
We PAY* CASH for all we buy, and don't insist on trading for merchandise. v.
Our goods are priced low, as we buy for cash and buy them right.
Our delivery waggon is always ready to accomodate our customers.—All you have to do is telephone.
Children are served promptly and right, so that parents can feud them to the store.
5
In addition to our magnificent stock of Shoes
we carry a full range of Men’s, Women’s and Children’s Hosiery at prices on some lines less than to day’s wholesale price. Try us for your next pair.
6
7
8
Make this the place to do your Christmas shopping and surprise your family with a nice Victrola.
We give liberal credit to trustworthy customers.
9
The G-ift Store
We have built up Bristol as a business centre and we are still improving. When you have anything to offer for sale, coiue to—
10
Mitts
BERT WAINMAN
We also have a very complete range of Men’s
Mitts. We carry WEIGHT’S famous goods in buckskin and horse hide. None better.
Jeweler
Agent for Viotrolas and Records „
Expert Repairing in all branches.
Shawville, Q.
QUE.
Bristol Elevator is open every day
BRISTOL
£7* A small dcjHjsit will hold any article until Christmas
Canada Food Board License Mo. 8-34*2
No. 12-71
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
Centre Barber Slop
CREAM
WANTED
<<
it
«<
<<
On the Busy Corner
T. TUCK, PROPRIETOR.
!
The Renfrew Truck Scale
The Bristol Branch of the Amp nor Creamery
Our Branch Store at Bristol is now open
With a geneial line of Merchandise .. ; at Popular Prices :..
Try Vs for —

Tobaccos, Cigars
and Cigarettes
«%


f
at Bristol Corners
Is now open for business»
a


A full line Always on hand
Highest Cash Price paid for Cream.
Cans furnished on request.
For further information write or calf at the office.
THE A11NPRIOR CREAMERY"
BRISTOL, QUE,
We will be glad to see our old customers as well as
Agent for—
The Crown Steam Laundry, Ottawa.
Special rates on family washing.
Bring in laundry Monday. Shipped on Tuesday—returned Filday.
T. TUCK
new ones
- We are in the market for anything in Farm Produce. HIGHEST PRICES paid for Live Poultry.
Ask for prices on Peas and Beans. Later on we will be in the market for Grain.
Note.—Miss Cuthbestson, who has been in charge of our branch store at Norway Bay during the i>aet season, will be in charge at Bristol.
A Reliable Scale for every Farmer.
SHAVVVILLE
Announcement
I also handle
Renfrew Cream Separators,
Renfrew Gas and Kerosene Engines,
Renfrew Happy Farmer Tractors.
Grain Grinders, Fanning Mills,
Drag Saws, Pole Saws, Belting, Shafting, Hangers, Bearings, Pulleys,
Pump Jacks,
R. A. GRANT.
We have to reduce our stock and raise $4,000 before January 1st
to float us in the new enterprise we are undertaking after the New Year.
We are opening up a Branch Store at Cornwall, Ont, and in order to get some ready cash we are ‘ putting on a
N. B.-We close at 6.30 o’clock Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays
Canada Food Board License Nos.—10.7830, 8-1000*2. 8-10001.

Seeley Pumps,
Christmas Rates.- I will give 14 photos to the dozen now until Jan. 1st. This will solve the problem in your Xmas shopping. Come early. A good variety of folders to choose from.
H. Iimson, Artist.
Marriages
Harness, Auto Tire?
Clark—Morrison
On Wednesday, November 13th, at 3.30 o clock p. m., a marriage of considerable interest took place, | when Mr. Campbell Clark of Horton claimed for his bride Miss Gwendolyn Morrison, daughter of and Mrs. Harry Morrison of
Campbells Bay, Que., The young Tenders will be received by the uncouple motored toRenfrew, ac- designed up to Wednesday, December vom|.allied by Miss Emma Scobte, , Rth for bauling of 400 yards of gravel
ÜSI
ducted the marriage ceremony at tween thosi two points, the parsonage. Immediately after- Lowest or any tender not necessarily
ward the young people motored to accepted the home of the groom's parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Clark, where a dainty wedding supper had been prepared and some fifty guests gathered in. After congratulations were over all sat down to enjoy the good things the tables contained, and a pleasant time was spent. The presents received were pretty and useful, including cheques. All join in wishing the young couple a happy and prosperous wedded journey through life.
SHAWVILLE
H. E. MITCHEM
Opposite Misses Wilsons Confectionery.
TENDERS WANTED
P. S. -Two second-hand Separators, Four good Horses.
4-day Stock-Reducing Sale
E. T. IÎODG1NS,
Sec.-Treasurer, Clarendon Council
«
Wednesday, Dec. 11 to Saturday, Dec. 14
•	(Both days inclusive)
giving such bargains as have rare-
ly been heard of in the past five years.
This is Your Chance to Save Money
on Winter Goods, as our stock is complete and the prices have all been reduced.
This is the last Sale I will put on here personally and I am bound to make it a good one so that the people of Shawville and district will have something to remember me by.
gy Watch for posters—if you don’t get one call in for it.
CANADA
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING I
WAR-SAVINGS STAMPS
The Canadian Government offers interest-bearing
War-Savings Stamps
Issue of 1919—Payable Jan. 1, 1924
RDER IN COUNCIL P C. No. 2462 authorizes the issue of War-Savings Stamps for the purpose of assisting in the financing of Government
expenditures.
As Sir Thomas White, Minister of Finance, points out, W.-S. 6. will provide "an excellent investment for small savings; and a strong incentive to every-day economy."
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Fort Coulonge, First Thursday, Bristol, * - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
o
OTTAWA WINTER FAIR
The Ottawa Winter Fair, which was cancelled in January last, in order that the buildings might lx* used for quartering troops, will be held in January 1919. Word Ims just been received from the Militia Department that the buildings would be available and the Directors are completing arrange-
The Prize
First Friday,
$5.00 for $4.00
ments for the Show list which will be issued inside of the next few days, will contain on teased classification in all de-
Until January 31st, 1919, War Savings Stamps will be sold by all Money-Order Post Offices, Banks, and other authorized Agencies, for $4.00 each, and on January 1st, 1924, Canada will pay $5.00 each for them.
Registration Against Loss
A Certificate is provided for the purchaser of a W.-S. 8. On the certificate are spaces to which 10 W.-S. S. may be affix* d.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
lilt
pertinents. Bull calf c lasses have been added to both the beef and
Come in and hay all you can and we assure you it will pay you
REDUCTIONS from 10 to 25 p.o.
dairy classe-, ns well as lis rues-horse classes in the horse department which will make an excellent hone show. Arrangements are being made for the holding of a Pure Bred Stallion sale a ’ the time of
the Winter Fair, full particulars	_____
of which will be issued later. I	,	_	.	_	.
The officers of the Ottawa Win- L. O. b. No. 27, meet, 1st Tues-Uy of each
Win. month
Columbus, Ont.;|HKRB Honoras
IW. M
o. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
any Money-Order Poet Office, fully protecting the owner against loss by fire, burglary or other cause.
The Certificate also shows the Cash Surrender Value of W.-S. S. at various dates before maturity.	'X
All Christmas Gifts in Jewellery, Toilet Sets, Manicure Sets, etc., reduced in price for this Sale.
G. G. McDowell, Willard Hodoihb W. M.	- Bee. Secy_L
4
Remember the dates—Dee. 11 to 11
ter Fair arc :
Smith, M. P.,
Viec-rresident, J. C. Stuart, O*	______
tfoode ; General Director, R. VV. |
Wade, Toronto ; Executive, J. H ROYAL SCARLETCHAPTER meet, on (irisdnle, George Robertson, John I the Hth of each mont h.
Riant ; Secretary, W. i). Jackson, 1 h. jf. Hoooin.
Carp, Ont	1 W- Cmop. in Com
Reg. Bodkins Secy.
MS
A. DOVER.
SIGN IS DISPLAYED
SOLD WHEREVER THIS
Rku. Hod*;in#
Com. Scribe, j
/
