###PAGE###1###

O
No. 47, 36th Ïeak
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., TIIUliSDAY
MAY 10, Hi 18
$1.00 A YEA 11 IN ADVANCE.
f?
«
THE
I
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
To Pay Small Accounts
where you may Sot wish to send personal cheques, use Bank Money Orders issued by The Merchants Bank.
This is a convenient way to settle newspaper and magazine subscriptions—to pay for goods ordered out of town—in fact, to send any amount up to $50 through the mails.
Bank Money Orders are easily secured— safe to send in a letter-will be replaced without extra charge, if lost or stolen-and ran be cashed anywhere in Canada or United States at face value.
BANK

Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
4,750,000
OTTAWA
Campbell’s Varnish Stain
94 Branche» In Canada

BOA H!) OF DIRECTORS
For Floors, Furniture, and all interior surfaces
We have a big stock in the following colors '
Dark Oak Light Oak Golden Oak Cherry
The reasons why you should use it :
Dissolves Crease Spots, Penetrates Wood Fibre, No Sediment
It is the best stain on the market, and
antee every can of it.
,*Hon. George Bryson, President Z Rmmell Blackburn,
• Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon George Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Fin nie.
W. Duthle .	-
A bank well equipped to serve the public Letter* of Credit Issued.
Interest added half yearly to Savings Balances
John B. Fraser Vice President Alexander Madaren M. J. O'Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Perley E. C. Whitney
A*»*t General Manager .
H, V. Cann.
• Chief Inwptctor.
Drafts, Money Orders and
16
Mahogany
Rosewood
Walnut
Green
THC MERCHANT: BANK
Head Office : Montreal OF CAN ADA
SHAW VILLE BRANCH, * ^ .
OU YON BRANCH,
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager • A. A. REID, Manager.
PERSONAL MENTION
Read Dover’s Ad on last page.
Mr. Lever, who ha* been on the
Cadet Arthur Phillips, of the	scouring the country for competent
R. F. C., whose headquarters are	A il I a ter a Ant	stenographers. On Feb. Ifl every Branch
HOW at Toronto, spent Sunday in!	VLLctWd,, uni».	of the .service Was placed under the
VinVIViV‘1^ ^lfM mother and Plater Our instruction la Individual, and the n#nds are now doubled*'	‘ ^	'
Mims Margaret, who 01*0 was home school is open duiing the entire year from Ottawa.	you may therefore start at any time.
! Our rates are $10 per month ; do not Mr. h. M. Jhigg, (eldest son of pay a cent more.
Mr. and Mrs. \Y\ J. Dagg,) late of More than 300 students from other local Merchant'* Bunk staff at Orillia,	have in the pest joined our ekes-
Mr. John V. Morrison, of Lauren-1 ,nf K"=lish; Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
A BIG DRIVE
we guar-
The distinction belongs to Mrs. Roy Macfarlane to he the first Pontiac lady to take out a car license.
Mr. A. G. Rrough exi open hi** butter factory f ness on May 20. See his announcement in another column of this issue.
Note—Patrons and shareholders are reminded that the cheese factory at Starks Corners will oi for the season, Monday, May 2tH.li.
An extended account of the Mother's Day observances at the Bristol Presbyterian Churches is unavoidably field over till next week.
>ects to or bust-
J. H. SHAW.
æ*
COWLING
r»i-


OTTAWA, ONT
KM1
W. A. HODGINS
Mak<* a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Sturt NOW and be ready for the Fall Bound Vp school i- open ill summer,
W E.Gowlin<
President.
Our
tian View (Ottawa) was in town for a day or two last week, and as usual, dropi>ed in for a chat with The Equity. John was on the lookout for a team of work horses to use in connection with his bakery business,
Mr. R. W. Ralph was home for, .
;i day or to last week, having coin* | ***? evening pleted the work <>t removing an old bridge, over the Rideau Canal at Kingston, a fine new structure to replace it having been constructed last year. Mr. Ralph has returned to the Government Works at N. Temiscaming.
I). E. HENRY. President. Cor. Rank and Sonrk* St*
H.G. W. Braithwait Principal
SHAWVILLE.
Amateurs don't lay aside your kodaks (luring the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures can he made to send : i thv l at the front finishing a sjiecialty.
EXPERIENCE
The work meeting of the Shaw-ville H. M. Club will be held at the home of Mrs. Cowan on Thurs-
VS
Amateur
EXPERIMENT.
Another
Car
H. IMISON,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies
Your family, friends and business as
*ni"	ats
H. IMIKON,	jla>-hinists are trained by practical
Artist in Portraiture. PSJîiüJ?18* doctors by doctors, dentists
The La (lie*' Aid of St. Matthew'#	of the Gi-n.luate*
On the advice of Dr. Hurdmjui,|^»'«cb- Charteria, will hold a °ne8
Mr. James Connelly, of Murrell's ‘S,a e u} " ur ^ anV	Social on workers for expert office work,
section went to the hospital on afternoon and evening of May For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac-
SÜS
Eraser. Amount 11.25. On behalf *	May to Clarence Haldane, son of, Willis College
of the Committee, THE EQUITY	Most things can be anybody n gift— Mr. and Mrs. J. (;. McLean, Reach- l**i Sparks Street, entrance between
siiitf ""lllll° A	te & h5? ffrtrfrÆA:
Rnd PrftB. Wfti-ir	Church last Sunday w as taken bv
Tribunal Deals With B Men I	Kea Cro8S Wor*-	I Rev. Mr. Burton of Charter!*, and
Donation to Tobacco Fund.
We acknowledge with thunk* the following donation to the Soldiers' Overseas Tobacco Fund
E. (i. Amy, Ottawa
«1.00
of
This
N. I. HARRISON,
Print Ipal. Ottawa. Ont
(
Fencing
Brown Optical
Last Call For
Garden Seeds
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST ,
¦c
èmptionh allowed were in the1 to 1,0 beUernexL month canes of men over the age mentioned. With a few exceptions the men were all farmers' sons.
Deaths
552 St. Catherine West
We ezpect to receive our
2
Near Stanley 8t.
MONTREAL, QUE.
CORN
i gy Business notices on this I page «S cents per line.
Many of our older readers in Homemakers* Foregather. this section will learn with regret
Quebec May 8th. The attendance was Legislature should not be allowed very gratifying, all the Clubs in to pass without amending the law the County with two or three ex-governing the remuneration paid ceptions being represented. The to jurors, and also the time for County President, Miss S. J Aimholding the sessions of the Court strong, occupied the chair of King’s-Bench. The late session the absence ot Miss A. Pritchard
this week.
Mr. William Shaw, uncle of om | townsmen Messrs. Jas. Lang and J. H. Shaw—who passed away on Sunday morning at his home in Ottawa, whither he removed some years ago, shortly following the death of his wife. He had reached the advanced age of 87 years, and
up till lately, so far as We can	,	,
due to a paralytic stroke The late Mr. Shaw is survived by one daughter—Mrs. Walter Blyth, his two sons (David and William) wife and eldest daughter, (Mrs. H.
Hobbs) having predeceased him in the order here given
Another session of the
FOR SALE—1 wicker baby carriage and 1 bah Mrs. R. '
by push cart, for sale. Apply to C. Woodley. Shawville.
WIRE STRETCHER
(STRAYED)
In
FOR SALE—A quantity of good seed potatoes. Peter Brownlee, Shawville,
at Bryson furnishes h glaring ex- County Secretary, Mrs. (Rev.) ample of the injustice to which | Harris acted in that behalf, jurors have had to submit, both as Reports from the several Clubs to the very inadequate allowance were read, and discussions were they were paid, and the incon- held on several matters in which veulent season of the year they the Clubs are interested or engaged were compelled by law to give a in carrying out couple of weeks of their time to Mrs. N. C. Macfarlatie, the official the service of the state. Most of demonstrator, who was present, the jurors were farmers, who it addressed the meeting and tender-
need not be pointed out, were just ed advice on matters brought up, _ . _ „ J ,. , . . c, J ...
ÏKSfMSÏSi: 5ss" JSd.- “ •M~* "" j” h" ZT.LZ%
curling considerable personal loss The election of officers followed run'c.	tc,u'	T , *	Shawville’* bill of health this
and hardship. To compel such as under	ausnu esof the Masonic fraternity 8p|.ing is none too good
men to leave their farms at a time	Pres —Miss	S. J.	Armstrong, re-	1,8 ^hw pape1 goes to ptess I m—	^ave |^.en C|iaite a number of
when every day counts, is bad	elected.	aay aiteruoon.	serious cases of illness, and others
enough, but to oblige them also 1st V. Pres.—Mrs. 8. E. Hod gins. I Accompanying the remains from have been added to the list within to accept a miserable pittance, in- 2nd V. Pres.—Mrs. F. XV. K. the city were : Mr. and Mrs. XVal- the past few days. Among the sufficient to cover their legitimate	Harris.	ter Blyth. Mr. Hugh Hobbs and	latter, the family of Mr Harold S.
exjienses. is surely asking too	Secretary—Miss A.	Pritchard, re-1 son David, Mr. ami Mrs. J. Fore-	Hodgios is having a rather critical
much. This absurd and unjust	elected.	man	: also Mr. J. H. Shaw and Mr.	time of it, Mrs. H. taking ill just
condition of things needs remedy	Votes of	thanks were	tendered	Wm Thomson, who went to Otta-	as lier son. Sandfoid, began to re-
ing at once, and Pontiac’s local to Mrs. Macfarlane and Mrs. wa on the morning train in behalf cover from pneumonia ; then on member would be doing a good I	Bussell, and	also	to the Bristol	of the Masonic fraternity.	On in-	Sunday morning Mr. Hodgins al*o
Her vice if he takes steps next ses» I	H, M. -Club,	for	the hospitable	citation of the Lodge the	Rev. J.	found him* If under the weather,
aion to have the grievance re- j manner in which they entertained J. S. Seaman came from Montreal I so to speak, and was advised to removed.	1the visitors.	ito conduct the service.	‘ main in bed
FOR SALE—Mv property in the village of Bristol Corner*. For particulars apply to Mrs. M. H. Murray. Shawville.
Will the party who borrowed our stretcher last fall kindly return It at once.
His re
Memorial Caries.—A new stock of very neat ones at this office-several d
esigns
There
W. A. HODGINS


###PAGE###2###
Cream Wanted;^'"-S:'
claimed Morrow, staring at her. “For-'	6WIET OR CHURNING CREAM	*yrup until it scorches	a very dark
it. ^len yf°u ®Eava Mrs. Drake	w* supply cens, pay sxpraes char###	brown. Remove from	the fire and
^
to little	trailing clouds.	And,	young	was	addresittki to Miss Julietta Dare, ,	1 overt} . Moi row wore a blank,	. ixth. Breathe plent> of re*h .	if you with to have	nice, smooth
as he	was,	Clay	Thorpe	recognized	and	read :	helpless expression. Why this talk	Peas, beans, lentils and com should	collar8 alMj cuffs which	fairly glisten
the finality in her voice and in that Ix>ve and congratulations to my lit- ’ , rt? ' >LH‘S lh? of ttiat be looked over very#carefully. lhry try method: Wet the entire cuff rood-by pressure of her slim arms, tie girl on her eighteenth birthday. }*‘arl hmt „at Ix>vvrty 1 ,n not w should then be soaked overnight in or	jn warm water. Wring out
lie stood by his horse, watching until; Home to-day. Alexandria. 1 tinner. pu'.,r ma 11	,	plenty of cold water. Cook until tender . v ftJJ po^ible. Mix up the cold
-s iisip^a Wmm ip™
I %	**- ,h“ "" *•*
this sign the little runaway knew that 1 bat ten months.	fur women in business	**	, Potato Waffles.—One cupful of
the Transcontinental would soon He had last seen Julietta wnth her ,,	v V' „	. .	, grated raw potatoes, one cupful of
mmm mmm
! curred to	him that Julietta would	. 'ou miss the idea," said the girl	one-half cupful of rye flour, three-
But the swift sadness in	co * m not talking about	fourths cupful of barley, rice or potato
his eyes was gone in exultation.	stenographers and the kind of women f|0ur, three teaspoon fuis of 1 taking
..v . L	S3rt»i:
p «iff":	s •" " Iff rszitfST
ï'”.-*lS.hlSSI.5!"il.i'?Pîl. %	"D« you muomUor how wo on, "Hi! Wfry-'po,, m, .oui!	¦
m. 1,11	,	-	>estit)Ult	>	« i	ht i	air	jnt0 town	that—that first night?",	"I m talking about real construe-'	salmon and remove the skin and bones
of confident po.S<.	w^ oa.ny	ronvme-	Morrow', eyes were twinkling now.	live business, big business. I’m go-	from the fish
h°QiS r n . I tk* 1» lx- in .ilk	al'va>”9 weBr ei,k stockings because I Morrow laughed suddenly.	| mih thick. Dip in beatin egg a
Sue followed the lady in -wlk down th fvH 60	she broke in with "My dear, do you know how hard fme breadcrumbs and fry until golden
the aide of the 1 ul.man, and droppedf a (.foming	«And how we went men hang on to money? Do you brown in hot cooking oil. Serve with
mto an empty seat. I he stout drum- ^	%)rake's—"	I know that ‘big business,' or little busi- tomato sauce, spinach, cole-slaw, hak-
Trr iS,t ' '* j	eii"And how nice you said she was ? ness either, counts every mill and ed apples and coffee to complete a
T il? V *: Do you still think so?"	, «Trips it hard- You have a fine am- tasty meal.
glane* ,3 smuldTnw"!*a^l^2w And ^u tTÏ%’t yoJ'glingÆ', hivingfbJt.% T^r Julj*. co2do%-haK cupful of
him^lf 1-esi.ie her.	| *" Morrow reuMened.	j "Don’t know:" she broke in. "Don’t	*ce? .°er£ts’ <mphalf C“pf“'
The car began to move with a gentio “Why—why—’pon my soul, Juli- know what? The practical side of "f cooked string beans, two medium-swaying motion very pleasant to the	Of course I am."	j it. Granted. I intend to learn that *,zed onions, minced fine. .Serve with
fired body beside the	window; the	They	passed into the .Inning room,	side of it right away. I'm going	to	mayonnaise dressing.
•peed increased, telegraph poles be-	Morrow	eyed her gown— -she	was in	play the game. Uncle Paul."	Apple ( ornmeal Beftv. -Two vup-
ranie a Mur. and almost insensibly. blue from liât to slippers—and rf-, lie nodded. Hie face became gra\*e fuis of cooked cornmcal mush, two Lizzie Dare^ relaxed in	the cushions	memberod that first night.	as he watched her, appraised	her,	cupfuls of thick apple sauce, one cup-
end closed her eye, to	bhc croiming	“You	like me grown up7	Am I	weighed her in hie mind’s eye.	ful of ,yrup, one teaspoonful of cinna-
"ZZZZe R/sBst&ta Tï'CrïhP
inserted	beneath the	thick chestnut	a heap of	difference—just eight	yearsf	men; you were	made to take	your j a,,d 1 " ,J M 1 mol<J. Bake for threer
, uSi?e	.	My <fear,	close your eyes and	lean	high place in the	world—"
I he thunderous rear of the passage forward, and don't ask a single que»- "Did anyone make your place for across a	long bridge	awakened her.	tjon#«	you-" she flashed at him.	"Or	did
For a moment she blinked at the	Julietta	obetiien-Uy complied.	you make it?”
lights, then remembered everything. «NoWj bwk!"	j The shot went home.
She was on the train! Beside her was	turned to the mirrored wall. "What do you want to do?” he
the estoute d rummer, absorbed in a «Oh! A—a pearl pen. la ni!	Oh, asked helplessly. "In concrete
magazine. Lizzie sat up and peered Uncle Paul, isn't it beautiful!"	terms?"
eagerly at the picture of a	young wo- ^ little birthday gift."	Morrow "May I do it, first?"
inan. gloriously beautiful,	glonouely,	stared at her, fascinated	by her His hand went across	the table and
gowned. A erven, desire swept o\er beauty, fascinated by the sight of that enfolded her slim fingers. He lood-the child.	single pearl, lustrous against the sat- ed down at them for a moment, then
"Hello! Awake?" The stout man in-white of her skih.	met her eyes with his quizzical,
beametl down at her. She nodde.1 j "My first piece of jewellry." She "Dear Julietta, you may do any-gravely, pushing back her tumbled touched the pearl with her finger tips, thing in this wide world you want to curls with one little sun-browned "Uncle Paul, I think it is about time do, and you may always know that be-hand. ‘‘Well, well! Jiggled right off that I fended for myself, to dreamland, and back again, eh ? "i "You're a dear good uncle She nodded again, her eyes apprais- went on quietly. " ing. questioning, pondering. This fairy to me, and I've let you big jolly man with the kindly brown some day I shall pay l
eyes and ready smile was	very nice	pense; and I shall pay you not	in love	when your dear voice	calls
Indeed.	alone, dear uncle." Her tone	became	Now, what is your wish ?"
"My name's Paul Morrow. What's matter-of-fact yours, little girl?"
A flush darkened her cheeks. Her fell, and by chance lighted upon
Runaway Julietta
By Arthur Henry Gooden
Chapter T.—(C-ont'd.)

Use perishable foods dur- j P°'nt
?
%
W*1
Cold Starching Collar* and Cuff*.
BobLone
UNION MADE
OVERALLS
SHIRTS & GLOVES
resolved ail."
Xnownfrvm,CoaU(oCoai6t
R.OéLONG tCO. LIMITED
TORONTO
The oftcncr the crust of the rice pudding is stirred In while it is cooking the richer the pudding will b*.

(pro
¦rooxi
her to Los Angeles?
That was her first lesson in the use fulness of the dollar. She never for
grow up
KEEP YOIJH SfOVE BRK'lir
*
to*

t
r
Beat hard to mix and then
powder
hake in hot, well greased waffle Iron# Serve with honey or syrup.
#\ # "

4 '¦n'w'lo
li i is
j
tPIM
Salmon Surprise.—Open a ran of
rtf
Drain free from «11
mg
Mr OUT SOAP O -r**!
5
best tjou can get
The Peerless Perfection Fence
IMtMee y oar etooh and Uver stay where yoe i»ul tl hace that eervee you for all time. Can % rapt, ma*
Htanae any weather. Each joint aeon rely held i
dvd&KirztlM* ,l~

iv
lAV
|IKa jrTJ^ lose
Ifir Piw^rloes lock,
^ serf Iceslils farm
gaP8r BIND FOR CATALOG
^ J' / parts, c wisterias, lain»s. potsltfy y ^ v*x Z IWlsss lies al yty
h\y THE BAN WELL
sf	Winnipeg
el all Wei# #f featlM for ferme.
err
HOXŒ WIRE FENCE COMPANY. Ltd.
Manitoba Hamilton, Ontario
Send it to Parker’s
OU will be astonished at the results we get by our modern system of dyeing and cleaning. Fabrics that are shabby, dirty or spotted are made like new. We can restore the most delicate articles.
Y
QUEEN’S
7
I
Send one article or a parcel of goods by post or We will pay carriage one way, and our
UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON
ONTARIO
ARTS
charges are most reasonable.
si
TflE
When you think of
CLEANING AND DYEING,
think of PARKER’S
Let us mail you our booklet of household helps we can render.
PARKER’S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
CLEANERS AND DYERS 791 Yonge Street



MEDICINE EDUCATION APPLIED SCIENCE
Mining, Chemical. Civil, Meohnnicitl and Electrical Engineering.
HOME STUDY
Arte Course by correspondence. l>egic« with one year's attendent* or four eu aimer sessions.
hind you stand» Paul Morrow and all she that he has. Yes, you may do it. You’ve been a real It will bring you sorrow and trouble
u But and failure, but I shall stand waiting ok all this ex- and watching, ready always to oome
to me.
Summer School Navigation School July aod August

]
Toronto

19
CEO. Y. CHOWN, Registrar
(To be lontinued.)
"You see, I've been

,7
mfè

eyes
the picture of the beautiful woman. Underneath was a name in big black
r r i

i
\
J


&
à
Just Julietta!"
"Julietta!
Into the stout man’s eyes crept a puzzled expression. Then he glanced at the magazine, and chuckled suddenly.
• &
I
f
\
&

I
You’re a great
“Well, JutiettaTwhat do you èay to Everyone doesn't know it but the United States and Canada alone are tackling the diner? All right! Come faci remains that delicious white in a position to meet Europe's de-along!"	i bread may be made simply and solely sperate need for wheat. And still
- - — ---from potato flour. Thih in r*»t a war we go on using white flour freely! It
¦Dfl B Him I	m llJfcJl 1 1 diacover5r- Hong before August, 1914, Is time for potato flour to be given a
P ANllX ' UjflN||\ ! and l^e beginning of the reign of trial in order that increasing quantities I j fi 11 U O I I I il 11 U V I . bloodshed, potato flour was in use and of standard flour may be saved.
In order to get our justly high grade	bakers liked it particularly	for	mak-j	Healthy	men have	lived and	worked
piano In each town, village or town-	inl? sponge cake.	for	months on a diet of nothing	other
ship throughout Ontario, we shall There are enormous quantities of than potatoes, oleomargarine and a offer one instrument, and only one, in • potatoes in Canada. The farmers little fruit. The food material in po-each place, at factory prtce, a* far know that; their wives know it; city tatoes is 98 per cent, digestible. Po-a* it caji be done consistently, These people know it. What are we going tato flour ia very fine in texture and pianos are made in Canada and have	to do with them all ?	Are	we	going	has	an	agreeable	flavor,
been before the Canadian public for	to allow such valuable	food	material
over twenty five years, and are sold to go to waste ’ on a straight guarantee.
For further information apply to
TORONTO, ONT.
Pon my sou] a*-tress yourself, eh ?"
4 9
PAINT
& varnishes

WAR AND FOOD SERIES, AR TICLE No. 16—POTATO FLOUR
l
1
my
r%
The Practical Economy
of Good Paint
Good paint is never an expense, but a saving. By its u#e yon save your buildings from a steady deterioration in value.
Economy in painting demands the use of Quality Paint—Martin* Senour "100# Pure" Paint—the paint that protects and preserves.
The use of cheap materials is a waste of money—a waste of time.
Spring Diet
During the spring and summer meat may be entirely eliminated from the It is a source of protein, it returned from the front, is impressing *b;o produces certain acids that should it on his audiences all over the coun-, be offset by foods of alkaline nature, try that he would not sit down at a Mow that we are consuming large table where there was one slice of
Senator Colby, loaned by the United States Food Administration to the Canada Food Board, and who has just
BOX 427
miiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimimiiiiiiiii
Mow there lSJuet n WALTER HOUSE ¦;£ i In ORE TOWN where I
*t*y,
And, eay.you ought to
heads
one
quantities of oats, rice, buckwheat, pure wheat bread after vs hat he saw In barley and corn, it behooves us to
Europe. To eat it would seem to him know that these same cereals will not like reaching hie hand out end counter balance the acide left In the snatching it from the mouths of starv- system from eating meat FrequentIng people. "Eat euhetltutee." he eaye. ]y it wiU be found that the cereal# will “Eat eubetitutee," the Canada Food encourage thie acid condition. The Board baa been preaching for month# legume», euch aa peaa, beana, lentil# past. “Eat substitut*#," echo all enj unpolished rice, may be turned thinking and earnest-minded people. into attractive dtehee that will tempt They why not encourage the manu- an epicure, facture	and	the free use	of potato	Legumes are	low In	fat content,
flour?	It	ia wholesome,	makes a	therefore it will	be necessary to	sup-
delicious loaf and does not rob the peo- ply the amount that is needed. Beans pie of Europe of the thing they most contain calcium, which Is a bone build-need—wheat and the manufactured lng element. Eggs, fish, cheese may product, the staff of life. Bread is be included for variety's sake, the basis of social order. Everything Green salads and vegetables abound that makes life endurable in times of in vitammines and mineral salts, stress depends upon bread. People which cause the kidneys and liver to nave bartered tfceîir souls before now Alter and refine the blood stream ac-for a crust of bread.	lively, thus removing many poisons
Indeed, starvation has reached such from the body. These poisons would, a point in certain districts of Russia under ordinary circumstances, revert that members of the impoverished Into the blood stream and canie autoclasses	are	selling their wives and	intoxication, or	spring	fever.	So,
children for	bags of flour.	therefore, let us	all
la it not essential then that we save First. Eat good, plain, wholesome white flour lest our Allies in Europe food.
reach such a pitch as this? We have Second. Just enough to keep us at the wheat on this continent The




aria
1 trip
*4
When m
that way.
The only other Urne I was so happy, Goodness knows,
Was when a kid Did bowl Red topped boots with
100% PURE” PAINT
et
ht me , copper
wears longest, covers the greatest surface (900 sq. feet per gallon) and because of its even texture, takes least time and is easiest to apply. It is absolutely guaranteed—"100# Pure11, White Lead, Zinc Oxide and highest quality Linseed Oil. It is admittedly the most economical paint on the market.
Take no chances. Make your investments secure by applying on your buildings, inside and out, protecting coats of Martin* Senour "100# Pure" Paint.
Write for "Parmer's Color Set" and "Town and Country Hemes'*» Just what you'll need in planning your painting. Mailed free.
ton#.
When other travelers hit that town,	_______
wist.
OUSE Is? Don't
HO
,4%
I WALKS*
i W rÜ%OR T-O °W bar* 8P*Ued I	Tbe Horn* of Plenty
I The Walker House
I	Toronto
| Om. Wdgbt A Co . Proprietor#
SiiiMimiiiimmiiiiiiHiiimiiiiumiiim
the O
P
122
\
GAe MARTIN-SENOUR Go.
LIMITED.
MONTREAL^
GREENSHIELDS AVENUE,
#
pv.
###PAGE###3###
the Southland was absolutely Intact, nor could any cause for the explosion be found.
Out on the water no sign of an enemy could be seen, and after a quarter of an hour or so the men went	____ One of the familiar character* of There are many person*, by no
wonderingly to their dinner. They	pre-war day* in London warn a street- mean* all of whom are French, who
were juit leaving the tables when the SOME NEW YARNS FROM Arab newsboy who aold papers out- think that the Marseillaise i* the very VAST SUMS OF MONEY SAVED
lookout sang out, "Boat ho!" and in a	w \i iNTFI ! HFNCF” side or,e of hot*lw mo8t frequent- finest of all war song*. Certainly it i*
few minute* an overturned boat drift-	....... ed by American visitor*. Delighting a great song of freedom as well uh
ed by. Then another was passed,	__ .	in the nickname, “Frog-faced Tick," of France, and is associated historical
and the Southland ploughed through	he won the admiration of visitors as ly with the progress of liberty among
The Dangerous Occupation of dear- congi(lerable wreckage of all kinds.	8lor* of 1 Novel "Holiday" When a a master of repartee, varying his the nations. Youthful United States How Waste Haa Become a^>eteste*
ing the Sea# of Mines Sown	“Well, there's the cause of that Hairdresser Got s Glimpse of nightly refrain of “All the Winners" used it before The Star-Spangled Ban
u	explosion whatever it was," said the	...	e	and “ 'Orrtble Murder” with ironical ner had been compoed; new-born free
yy the Knemy.	officer of the deck, “and from the .	It,g 1 " nK '	comments on the world's events and Russia still sings it, scarcely less
Mine Sweeper No. 26, of the French look of things I think that it was a That our men of the Grand Fleet c*u*tic replies to pedestrians who often than its own new national hymn Huge quantities of goods of all ('oast Patrol, backed slowly away mine sweeper."	are desirous of a change after a long ventured to bandy words with him as It binds together in the memory of k	representing vast sums of
from her moorings and headed for	wiÎudi uiw a	of isolation “Somewhere in the f u ;v i,il ,1	| Frenchmen a hundred thrilling scenes money> are being aaived daily from
the open sea	Q* WILHELMINA.	North Sea" even the landlubber can Î vrsons wh«> knew Tick laplcy in of their country s history; and to th s battlefields, roads, highways, railways,
An observation balloon returning	“	... realize. The weary wait for Fritz to ,h‘‘ ° 1 ,,aVM ^ou,<j scarcely recog- rosary of patriotism new jewc - an- (ju billets, ruined towns and vil-
from duty the night before had re- Beloved Kuler of Holland la World a come out ^ gjye	is a more trial nl,7e hlm n»w his khaki uniform, added as the great war goes forward. *
ported the presence of what appeared	<hily Yemale Sovereign.	t0 ^eir tempers, which are not im-1	u. '^^owned ribbon on his It is not easy to read unmoved the g ja; corp8 0f salvage men have
to be several floating mines in the Wilhelmina, Queen of the Nether- proved by the monotony of the daily .retiK1, indicating that he has bwn narrative of how, although stern >	formed, whose duties consist
vicinity of the harbor of X-----, and, lands, who appears to-day in an inter- routine and seeing the same old faces J*lce awarded the prized Military j proscribed, it was sung recently in one gojejy jn couecting, sorting, and dis-
es everybody knows, floating mines, national crisis, is the only woman in day after day. Love their ships they * ro8s> 8,|y* the Associated Press cor- of the invaded districts. A refugee tr^but^ng debris which even until are dangerous things for ships to the world who is a reigning sovereign do, but they are jolly glad to turn respondent at the front. Hi comrades, to I d the story to the American now - -te ret.enHy was considered value-encounter, therefore Mine Sweeper |n her own right, a position she has their backs on them when on leave, j y ,	' *,on'*,m Regiment, moreover, ist, Mrs. Dorothy < anficld higher:	je8S an,| t unheeded. Bully-beef
Nn. 26 had promptly received orders	h*|d gince 1800, when, at the age	of	Back among “civilization,” they	are	' ( a,v that	it he had been awarded j We have tried our best to keep tv	0(](j cjjpg Gf cartridges, broken
to go out and investigate the rçport	ye&rS| 8bP ascended the throne	at	glad to have a chat with the first	Tom,	I j* medal on	every oca ion on which	life of French children what it. oug	abell	carteHf empty ration boxes, pet-
and pick up whatever she might find.. Hie death of her father. She is Dick, or Harry that comes along. Even he has meritc<i it, he would be covered to he. I remember last year Aunt ^ can9| rum jars, torn—often blood Only the week before a ship ran thirty-eight years of age.	the officer at the outset of his leave	ribbon from hea l to foot of his Louise taught a group of children in g^ked—portions of equipment, dam
against a mine somewhat further up The dominating female figure of : is eager to talk to anybody and every- diminutive body.	our part of the town to King the Aar- age(j rjfleg packets of revolver arn-
the coast and had in consequence been	Europe to-day Is a large, heavily-	body, and, touching	this point, an ex- loo small to go into the	army by,	seiliaise. Ihc studio of my vou.-'in	munBjon -multitudinous articles	the
very badly disabled. The harbor au-,	built woman, who is indifferent to	relient yarn is told	in “Naval Intelli-	the regular channels, rich,	after sev-	Jean is at the back of the hou>e an<	mere tabulation of which would	re-
thorities had no desire to lose any the arts of her dressmakers and finds genre"—not a Blue Book, as the title era	was accepted as a stretcher t high up; and so she thought t ie < n (.u|re columns
more ships if it were at all possible thorough pleasure in personal charge is inclined to denote, but a collection Bearer in the London Regiment. At dren’s voices could not be heard f/'-m
to prevent It.	! of the affairs of her country. But the of incidents and reflections written by ^ront be quickly became one of the the street. The mayor heard of wha	| I
It was a beautiful morning, with Queen’s face, with its strong chin and a naval man. Peep into this “naval,mos* popular men in the regiment, she was doing, and sent word that c The latest innovation in the "battle-the sun shining brightly over the low	kindly eyes looking straight at you	in	curiosity shop," and we at home	real-	*),u‘ <,f Bis	officers, in a report to	should like to hear them sing. T e	economy campaign” is the erechills surrounding tho harbor. The	sincerity and confidence is that of	a	ize the sort of life led by the men of	headquarters, said of him, “Cheerful-	news spread rapidly. When he arri\-	^jon	0f notice boards and hoardings
fields—some green, some brown and wifle woman.	the Grand Fleet.	n«8*» murage, devotion to duty, and ed with the city council, coming in urging BBving on
some white, of many shapes—all The KOvereign lady of Holland has a	.... ....	. „ ...	disregard of danger arc as much a one by one, as if merely to make a These noticeg make up for lack of
neatly outlined by hedges or stone	will of her own she ha8 thc firm c),jn	,he Hairdresser s Holiday.	part of his equipment as his haver-	call, they found the big studio full to	artjstic beauty in the directness	of
walls, resembled an old fashioned	0f ^e House of Orange, but she is, as	But to return to	the yarn. Reach-	Hack and his water bottle."	overflowing with their fellow citizens	their app*,ab
crazy quilt,	while	here and	there	an	tbcy	Bay, totally lacking in the well-	ing London, a young lieutenant in One of his officers wrote in a	letter	—the old men and women who are	the	For inatance# opposite the heap of
orchard	or	cluster	of rocks	made	a	known characteristic which gave the	mufti entered a hairdresser’s shop,	a short time ago: “His gospel,	whe-	j fellow citizens left there. Two	or	rubble that is al| that remains of the
dark, irregular spot like a rent in title of William the Silent to the most The traditional right of opening a con- ther consciously or not, is the gospel three hundred of them were there— once famoufl church of Boesinghe may the pattern.	renowned of her ancestors.	vernation which belongs to the man of cheerfulness, and in practice it the most representative people of the ^ geen a boanj 8urmoUnted by a
It	is, however, in the East Indies	of scissors was snatched from him	works out that his spirits grow	light-	town, all in black, all so silent, so	old	W00(jen model of a twelve-inch shell,
that	Queen Wilhelmina has her real	before he could get a chance, and the	er in proportion as dangers and dis-	and so sad. The children were quite	Beneath it in iarge lettering is this
empire. It is larger than the German officer began:	j comforts grow heavier. His jests in abashed by such an audience and filed
Empire. In 1910 the population num- ! “Been some years at the game, I time of stress provide just the electric up on the little platform shyly I I I bered 42,000,000 souls. Batavia, the suppose, haven't you?"	j spark that turns the hearts of men poor, thin, shabby, white-faced chi I
capital of the Dutch East Indies, has “All my life, practically, sir. 1 was froiy gloomy pessimism into luminous dren, fifty or sixty of them, one of the finest harbors in the East, 'prenticed to the hairdressing at the defiance."	There was a pause. _The children
and the Dutch colonies are among the hage of ten, sir."	The ex-newsboy has the reputation were half afraid to begin; the rest of
richest, if not the richest in the world Her Majesty is the richest sovereign it must be a pretty dull sort of lif in Europe in her own right, her in- what?"
come being enormous from the crown	I
lands and from her vast colonies. That cently. I was away from my work for vast income is used for the benefit of a year. 1 went into the—the Navy, heaJieloved Dutch subjects, in the way j air." of public buildings of every kind such as hospitals, theatres, lecture est aroused halls, gymnasiums, public bathhouses that?"
and so on, to say nothing of charming “Oh, very pleasant, sir, very pleas-and numerous parks that rich and ant, indeed! It made a nice little
Do you won- j change, as you might say, though I
did miss the sound of the motor 'buses
t
"JACK” AT THE JUTLAND BATTLE
MINE SWEEPER NO. 25—A TRUE STORY
NEWSBOY A BATTLE HERO
THE BATTLE SONG OF FRANCE
SALVAGE OF THE
BATTLEFIELDS
"Fro*-Faced Tick" Prove* Hi* Gal lantry a* a Stretcher-Bearer.
How the Children Sang the Marseillaise in Their Captured Town.

hi king lives that others
MAY ESCAPE.
HY BRITISH TROOPS
An Enemy an the German in
Our Army.
#1*1*
The Poster Craze
everybody’s part.
Two French Sailor Lada
Just to be alive was a happiness on such a morning, and the sailor men sang as they busied themselves In getting out and rigging the tackle which makes up the equipment of boats whose duty it is to clear the channels and waterways of dangerous obstacles.
Raoul and Jean were brothers. Both had entered the service of their country at the very outbreak of the war and by diligent study and hard work had attained a recognized leadership in the mine sweeping service. Raoul, the elder by scarcely a year, had charge of the handling of the tackle and of hooking on the min^ while his brother Jean saw to the actual woik of lifting or laying those balls of steel that if let slip just the least bit can do so much damage.
On this particular morning they of the entire crew were not singing as they went about their work. Their home was in the city that they were leaving behind them, and as they had sat at supper with their mother and sisters the night before a messenger had come telling them that their father, with the army at the front, had been wounded and, suffering upon the field, had been stabbed to death by the charging Huns. Now this morning as they were going ou to prevent, if possible, further bloodshed their hearts were loaded down with grief and their thoughts were of hatred and j
appeal
our
Shells were made for Fritz. Why
Don’t leave
i
not let him have them ? shells in the mud. Pick them up and pass them on to the gunners."
Somewhat closer to the line in the
from Lens to St. Quentin of being ab- us were thinking uneasily that we game sector j8 another notice: sol u tel y fearless. In his work as | were running a great risk. Suppose	j ; * p^k up that clip of cart-
stretcher bearer he goes busily about the children’s voices should be heard ridges| Tbe cost of one clip will bil-among the falling shells, always in the street, after all. Suppose the ^ four men for R njgbt.” whistling a popular tune, with an German police should enter and find
ever-read y word of sympathy and en-j us assembled thus. It would mean	.	...	, A
couragement for the wounded. He is horrors and miseries for every family Dn the side of a certain she -poc e generally looked upon as one who represented. Thq mayor stood near highway not far from pres rums is bears a charmed life, for he has never the children to give them the signal a hoarding from whirr oo s t e . ca received even a scratch, and his very to begin—and dared not. We were si- of a horse. The lettering runs, presence is regarded as a mascot. lent, our hearts beating fast.	! “Don t leave those nai s on e
Tapley won the second of his two Then all at once the littlest ones of road. They may cause m> ea decorations under heavy shell fire all began in their high, sweet treble Nails can he used again, >ou now. in the Chalk Pit, north of Loos, when, those words that mean France, that Put them in this box. single-handed, he bandaged and car- mean liberty, that mean life itself to Speaking of horses, ->n max nmn-ried to a safe part of the trench all us:	tion that even death does not end the
the wounded of his own company and “Allons, enfants de la patrie,” they animal s usefulness. The body is no several from a neighboring battalion, sang, tilting their heads back like lit- buried until tht F..m has been care-
tie birds; and all the other children fully taken off. The pelt Is then clean-followed: “Against us floats the red ed and sent off to a centra! collecting DRAFTING OK BRITISH WOMEN* flag of tyranny!” We were on our depot.
----	feet in an instant. It was the first The rough pavement of France
Government is Taking Matter Into time any of us had heard it sung plays havoc with the tyres of motors
since—since our men marched away. I and lorries, and the roads are strewn began to tremble all over, so that I with rubber fragments. Now, rubber could hardly stand. Everyone stared is scarce and valuable. The Army up at the children; everyone’s face knows it, for everywhere it is con-was dead white to the lips. The chil- fronted with boards saying:
........... ,	..	. dren sang on—sang the chorus, sang “Place that piece of rubber in the
tary and industrial work which have the gecond gUnza	sack. Thank you!"
not appealed to women, says a London when they began the stanza,1 These are some of the ways by
correspondent. It is pointed out th,at -«Sacred love of our fatherland, sus- which the soldier is reducing for him-
a large number of women are avail- uin our avenging arms," the mayor's self and others future taxation.
able and competent to fill places oc- o)d face livid. He whirled about
cupied by men of military age.	to the audience, his white hair like a
The Government has token the	mane and with , gegture swept
us all into the song: “Liberty, our adored liberty, fight for thy defenders!”
There were three hundred voices ! shouting it out, the tears streaming : down oùr cheeks. If a regiment of German guards had marched into the
_ , -,	.	, ,	,	..	..... room we would not have turned our
Lady Mackworth in dealing with the ^eads. Nothing could have stopped question of woman s part in the great struggle, said: “We have a plan to accomplish the desirable result and to obtain a maximum effort with mini-
“And never had a change? Gad,
“Oh, 1 had a sort of holiday, sir, re-
Every Little Helps
“Really,” said the officer, his inter-
“And how did you like
poor alike may enjoy der Holland adores its Queen?
When her neighbor, Belgium, was at first, and the—excuse my mention-invaded by the Germans last year, she ing it, sir—the girls. Not that I’m telegraph*! King Albert that she hpd what you might call a ladies’ man my-room in her country for over one mil- self, sir. Oh, by no means! But I lion refugees. They came. They are like to see ’em about the place. And there still, cared for in every way, you don’t see much of ’em in the fed, clothed and housed, and the en- Navy, sir.”
ormous hill cheerfully paid for all After concurring, the officer asked: this by the only woman who aits upon “Then why did you join the Navy a throne in Europe—Whilhelmlna, instead of the Army?”
She enjoys a prodigious personal popularity with every class of her subjects, and because of this she can do almost anything, in the way of eccentricity, that would not always be tolerated in another Queen.
Serious Consideration
The man power bill has stirred up a revival of the suggestion that the Government conscript women for ser-connection with the sea. My father jvice in those branches of naval, mill-used to keep a whelk-stall in the Old Kent Road, and one of my sisters Is housemaid to an admiral’s widow.”
What the officer thought of this explanation is not recorded.
“Well, and what made you leave the
In the Blood
“Well, sir, I’ve always had a sort of

vengeance.
As the boat neared the locality of the supposed mine the feelers were rigged out and the search was begun.

CLEMENCEAU AT WORK
The Sacrament of Sleep.
Thank God for sleep!
And, when you canpot sleep,
Still thank Him that you live To lie awake.
And pray Him of His grace,
When He sees fit sweet sleep to give, That you may rise, with new born eyes,
To look once more into His shining face.
Puta in a Good Day’s Labor Before! Navy, then?”
Breakfast
“The—the little affair at Jutland, sir,” answered the hairdresser. “A splinter wound in my leg, sir. I was hinvalided out.”
whole matter into serious consideration and is fully alive to the gravity of the problem. It is understood that a scheme is being evolved to deal with woman power. There is a general feeling that the time is arriving to make a greater use of the available woman power.
Victim of Third Mine.
Back and forth, again and again,
they went across the fairway and af- to do with the policy of the Entente
B£3HHrJ‘i	*“ — -
the black ball was lifted from the wa- easily of the big cat tribe so in- Nothing more, thanks." said the
*EI,E* 8HÜ
other	war
As their search carried them fur- One picturesque habit	of his, as	Jack’s	Stocking,
ther and further out, the sea be- far as I know, has not	been made 8 «.By tbe wav»> be atided	as he turn-
came rough and their work was made public. Like many great workers 1
he makes an early start. Lloyd Soon another mine was found and George has many of his most im-It was lifted from the water and portant meetings at breakfast.
Lord Reading, before he came over About dinner time they found a hers as ambassador, used to do a third. Raoul himself had the hook day’s work in helping the Govern-this time and, loaning cautiously over ment administer itself	before he
the rail of the boat to the water, he started his chief justice	functions
grasped the ringbolt projecting from the top of the mine and inserted the hook.
“All right, hoist away,” he said, and the mine began to emerge from the water.
If there is one man who has more
X
We were only a crowd of
us then
old men and defenseless women and jn sleep—limbs all loose-laxed and children, but wo were all that was left of France in our French town.
alipt the chain
We draw sweet-close to Him from whom our breath
Has life, in His sole hands we leave the reins,
In fullest faith trust Him for life or death.
This sleep in life close kinsman is to death;
mum friction. We expect the scheme to be ready when the emergency arises. Grave difficulties will arise if woman’s work is made compulsory.
It is hoped to co-ordinate the three Illustrates Difference in Attitude Be existing women’s corps with respect
to all arms of the service and the ^ hft8 amU8inf 8^ and ; re-	¦¦¦
rates of pay. The woman > < vpart- c&n one jncident whivh atruck me as And, as from sleep we wake to greet
2ara ST-jb EiHEEH ZE
numbers and keep them on a waiting d, from the Germans, we used to To greet the glories of the Great Es-hst but to ask them to volunteer In ^er elch evening, and sing th(.	ay
“Hymn of Hate.” Absolute lack of humor caused the Germans to call to
“THE SCUM OF THE EARTH.”
ter to the deck of the boat
tween Saxons and Prussians
the day.
So, too, from death we shall with joy awake
response to specific demands.’
ed away from the astonished hairdresser. “I was in the next ship ahead of you at Jutland—in the old Hood.
Good-day—and good luck to you!”
Here is another story—also about i the Jutland scrap—culled from “Naval Intelligence.” A sailor’s leg was The period we are now going so badly shattered by a splinter of through is one of great strain, but our r..	,	.	.	... shell that there was nothing else to advice to everyone is to feel and talk i the earth.
Clemenceau also puts in a good day s do but amputate it above the knee. He optimistically, says a United States Two days later, when the Saxons abvr	before regular business hours	wa8 unconscious at the time of this	writer. It is the	English against took	over the	same piece of trench.
?	w!	W f"	housekeeper	.decieionf 80 the ^rgeons were unable	whom the Germans	are driving, and, : they	changed	the sign by adding a
IhwMCT nZJ M,ak t * T# ^ to tell him of their intentions. Hours a8 the Kaiser himself has put it, the "trip the top which made it read
Which the Prime Minister is fond. laUr ha ^covered consciousness, and English are “a very obstinate people.” "The Prussians have been beaten Thank God for sleep!
¦¦¦¦	I .	" TTr hi ’ found himself comfortably tucked up,! In one of the finest passages of his ^y the scum of the earth. ’	I And when you cannot sleep
The Minesweeper Lost.	PutJn a stone jug, and the jug with the gtump dres8ed and bandaged, essay upon Warren Hastings, Lord This gives you an idea of the feel-J Still thank Him for the grace
The steamship Southland was near- ? * ,	t ,? ftt, the When he learnt what had happened, Macaulay speaks of “that stubborn in* between a Prussian soldier and a That lets you live
ing the end of a long trip from the îooi of the wht^e “0oei for a he burst into an agonized cry:	| English courage, which is never as Saxon- In JuSUct tov the Saxons 1 To feeI the comfort of His soft em-
other	side	of	the	ocean,	and	her	crew,	Xn	th,	Ub	TlÎ! 2 T™"	“Where’s my leg? For ’Evin’s	stern and sedate as	toward the close wil1 ^hat 1	never heard of a jingle	brace,
much	relieved	to	be	nearing	harbor	y .	Lf*. awaaena’	sake, find my leg, somebody! It’s got	of some doubtful and murderous day.”,atroc,ty belng	committed by a Saxon,
and safety, were lounging about the drlnk8 the 8°u* und goe8 to work mil my money in the stocking!”	In these times we count great battles
de<>.s u king and laughing together	*	| The author vouches for the truth of by weeks and not by days, but we do
while the cooks prepared dinner.	1 lf,‘ of an Airplane.	the story.	not doubt that the same pint inspires
Just as the dinner bell began to The number of German airplane# I	_______the British soldiers. English, Irish, No military medal may be mine
ring there was a loud explosion, and destroyed by the French aviators and	Votch and Welsh, with Canadians and ! A private’s death is listed, not ac- watch upright on the dresser may
tbs sound of the dinner bell was the members of the Lafayette esca- Cream or eggs can be beaten in half Australians to back them. They are	claimed:	be made from pasteboard and cover-
changed to the general alarm bell. drille for the ten months ending Oc-1 lhe time a Pincb	added	not panic-stricken, they are not even	I	fell too soon upon the firing line,	ed with cretonne If the timepiece is
At the explosion the ship almost1 t0ber, 1917, was 120 over the French the job done before	an	open win-	undtaly excited. “Stern and sedate”	Yet of my loneliness I’m unasham-	wanted near the bed and the ticking
seemed to lift and shook from bow to lines and 897 over the German lines— j dow-	are the adjectives the English histpr-1	ed,	is annoying, invert a lumber over the
•tern. Then all was still and she pro- ân total wrecks.	When boiling eggs, wet the shells Ian uses, and we adopt them 'now. For now there stand* supreme watch and the ticking win not be
ceeded on her way apparently none	-------+---------	| thoroughly in cold water before drop- The German soldiers are brave and	against the loss,
tho worse.	Prunes cooked very slowly in their ping in boiling water, and they will unyielding, but they will never break Upon my grave—a little wooden wound at the same time every night
Careful investigation proved that» own water will need no sugar.	(not crack.	the English line.	1	cross
To His beloved healing sleep He gives,
And, unto all, awakening from sleep. Each day is resurrection birth
To nearer heaven and re-created earth—
To all Life’s possibilities—of good
Or ill—with joys and woes endured— Till that last shortest sleep of all, And that first great awakening from Life’s thrall.
more difficult and hazardous
THE ENGLISH LINE
us
“Come over and we’ll sing it together.”
I At another place the Germans had printed a sign which read:
“The Australians are the scum of
“Stern and Sedate” are the Characteristics of the British Soldier.
new
taken care of like the first

Caring for Watch
A watch keeps more accurate time if always pieced in an upright position. A small case for holding the
A Little W ooden Cross


heard at all. A watch should be
| or morning to have it keep good time

###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
OUNCE HALL, SHAWVILLE i
THE EQUITY.
MASSEY-HARRIS
SHAWVILLE, MAY 16, 1918.
O. Y. H. LO DO K, No. .‘HH, meet» 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
Irvin Hamilton, Rec. Secy
Bhm wing
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency f r the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities ami farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
Their are plenty of |N>tato<\\ carrot a, turnips and onion* in Canada from last Eat them up,” say» the Canada 4 |)o not waste one <>f
will sa vv
E. S. II. Workman W. M.
year
F »h1 Hoard
!.. O. !.. No. uT, meets lit Tuesday of each month
IIKitH lluUMNS
W. 1ft
IS THE WORLD’S BEST CHEW
Heci. UoDoiNa, Secy.
- - vegetabl It is wheat that they want
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 11th of each month
II. N. Hoimjins.
W. Cm on. In Com
It is manufactured tobacco in its purest form.
It has a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man's use.
R ko. Horn; INA, Com. Scribe.
The Rolsheviki are commencing to wakvn up to the significance of the situation which trafficking with the Hun treaty breakers has placed them in. In fortunately for the eountry it is not now in a jiosition to do much more than protest. A sorry plight, indeed, for a nation which easily wo*invincible had she suppressed the traitors and agitator- and stood to her guns. ,
111
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
ft
1
CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
I
I
l.a>t week on the western war front the operations carried on were noteworthy particular!) for the many aerial encounters which to«»k place, and in which the superiority of the Allies iu overhead fighting was demonstrated beyond all
doubt
•	«I the major character of the operations, ie|H»rts credit allied airmen with having brought down 39 enemy machines in
•	me dav.
Call and have a talk with
»
us.
Stop The Losses
B. J. HAMILTON
Wyman, •
Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
\s an instance of this and al>
Office and Warerooms
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
ffheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and /fsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Iîhkvm atiu and Kidney Cork Larukly I'skd With Very Great
Success.
a'&t
The man who has an income of one million dollars will have to fork over one halt o t that amount to the Canadian ( Government, under the new supertax on incomes big, indeed : yet after all, what is it in •comparison with that of the man who, although ]>oor in worldly possessions, is required to give his all in defence of the wealth which his rich neigh lor still enjoy* after the State has exacted its
oil ?
they come ont of their hiding place, get on the lien's body and it d«»vs not take very many of them to make a lien so tineasv that she cannot sit
Short Horns For Sale
good young ill also price
cases the mite» laconic so troublesome ouv yearlings and two-year old heifers, that they actually worry the liens to	hi. I. A HI) HOIK! I NS,
death. '	Klmhurst Farm.
Wv Mill have two extra I n some Hulls, tit for service. We w
A Fanner often losses enough on a single *alt> of Cattle oil the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to pay for a
The sacrifice looks
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dysfiepsia, biliousness.sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five dose» will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and ttaker, Renfrew, writes : “ 1 had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two 1 Kittles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from
all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M I). No. 5, Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt Ht., Renfrew, writes :14 1 was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two Ik titles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.”
Mr. I). M. Roltcr* son, Renfrew writes : 44 I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since 1 took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shawville Drug C<>., Shawville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Rox 200, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. |ter bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
HOW TO HKT UN» OO MU»
Renfrew Truck Scale
Teacher Wanted
Clean out the house and thoroughly
sweejs not forgetting the windows, walls and ceiling. When this is all swept out v anted, tor A Id field School No. 1, a use a garden Imsc or a stiff brush hiwlitied Teacher to teach for a term of and hot water. See that ever)thing in ("W'* months, viz., from Sept. 1st to the crack* and crevices is washed out. M h*e. 23rd, 1918, and from March 1st, After this is done allow the house to 1919, to end of school year. Applica dry for awhile and if everything then r *°M,S ,u Mhde ^dary expected and to U* a pi tears to lie clean, use a ginnl disin- *n *hv hands of the uudersignml not I octant and lie sure that the solution is later *han June 15th. forced by the spray or brush right into	'' STKNDER,
the cracks and crevices. If the mite»	Sec.-1 rca»., Lidysmith, Qm
are l tad, use I siding hot water followed • ^l;lv I L 1918 by coal oil and a lit pi id lice killer or lice
H‘ "ure "“‘mitfen vül'imwI TEACHER WANTED
The only way to stop losses is to w eigh everything you soil and everything you buy, and the handiest Seale lor the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
--SCALE
'
The old obsolete British cruiser Vin-•dietive, which took such a conspicuous part in the recent attack on the German naval base at Zeebrugge, was tilled with concrete and taken to (Wend (another enemy base) anil sunk in the mouth of the canal, where she lies, an •effectual barrier to the passiigv of German war-cruft out in the teeth of a heavy bombardment from the German batteries on shore which command the harbor. Only
the bravest hearts and cool heads could
have done it.
Weighs any tiling ami everything from 1 lb. to 2.ÛU0 lbs
(’ream Separators, Truck and Household Seales. Gasoline and Kerosene Knginvs, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws, Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Friction Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps. Pump Jackets, Hangers, Hearings, Wood Pulleys, Pelting.
Two second hand Separator* at a bargain.
paint
cracks and crevices
gone over your hou*e thorough I \ ac I Teacher holding Klementary Diploma cording to the hIh.vc treatment, in all for Davidson School, to teach ten probability the mites will be extermin months ending June 30, 1919 ated, but it is advisable in the course of | particulars apply to three or four days again to inspect foi the mites and perhaps to rv|ieat tin dose mice more
The feat was carried
F( '!
1
JOHN C. HOWARD,
See.-Treasurer, Davidson P. ( )., Quo
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent
I
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Homemade Candy Prohibited
Tenders Wanted
It is now illegal to make home-made candy from cane sugar for private con-
People may not have more
lenders for building an up-to-date lient platform, full width of building,
9 School will 1*‘ received by the undersigned up t<> one o’clock, p. in., ot 18th May, 1918.
Also tenders for fencing No. 3 School ( Ironnds, to be sent to Commissioner H irris, who is empowered to give out the job
(REAM Wanted!
front Of N
sumption
than 15 days supply of sugar in their homes, if they live within two miles of
Copenhagen Is used différer y from ordinary chewing tobacco
i licensed dealer. It living more than Take a amain pi noli, for a • t. two miles but less than five miles awav, ,U1J put I*': ween, the lower lip
^'p’SXStlJp,
ten miles, they may have up to «0 days .length of the chew you dveire. supply. farmers and all others living Coperthog^n is strong, because at a distance of ten miles or .more from	the tobacco of whidh it is rnenîte is
a liceu.seil dealer may store sugar for cut into fine grains, which make* it 120 days’ supply only. Wholesale and impart its strength thoroughly and retail dealers, and licensed manufac- quickly, titrera, using sugar in their products, ,	a Uttle ‘Vinofi’
may not have more than sufficient sugar	,wziy; showinS tha? 0>penha#wi
fortk(We,,fq,W,.	~
must be returned at mice to the dealer quant>r being made of the be* from whom it was purchased, who will old. rich, high-flavored tobacco l»ay for it, if in good condition, at the market price or the price at which it was sold, which ever be the lower.
SHIP EXPRESS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers from our sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realize and pay Producer» a higher price per pound Butter Fat l
When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and tests are guaranteed. ~	7ÏA ïhiâ*
WE SUPPLY CANS
m. a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec.-Trea*.,
Vlarvndon S. Ikmrd
1 ostagv

Shawville, May 3, 1918
PASTURAGE
2l
By the season for cattle and sheep. Splendid grazing all summer with never-failing water supply.
Apply by tailing or phone to
GKO. DRUMMOND,
Bristol Corners.
CANADA
CAUTION
_ OTTAWA
g-oe* a
To Automobile Drivers.
4SZ
In accordance with a resolution parsed hy the Municipal Council of Shawville on May 9th, instant, all driver* of motor vehicles are hereby notified that violation of the municipal by-law, which restricts the speed of such vehicles to twelve miles an hour within the corporation limits, will U‘ looked after and the offenders prosecuted and fines imposed as prescribed by the said resolution. Ry order,
Telephone Notice
All subscribers and patrons of the
Pontiac Rural Telephone Company are wituhitt rvrrDTimu requested to pay all past due rentals at1 ~AAtluu 1	10N
once to the Secretary ; ilw all amounts THE BEST MUNICIPAL
due for long distance or local calls t-
the Central operator promptly at the INVESTMENT IN CANADA
end of each month
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Shawville, May (>, 1819.
Regular session of Clarendon < ouneil held on the above date. Present— Mayor Fred W. Thomas ; Councillors W. T. Barber, A. Horner, M. Sinclair, Th«w. Smiley, W. T. McDowell and Bert Hodgins
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of conns. Hodgins
ind Mcl k>weU
Communications were then read.
Motion — Conns. Sinclair - Smiley — ; That Foreman R. Richardson be allowed $25 to spend in cutting down hill on I 11th concession, opposite hts property. —Carried,	j
Motion — Conns. Smiley-Horner — i That the Mayor and Secretary order six I or more large size road scrapers for the 1 use of municipality.—Carried.
Motion — Conns. Smiley - Sinclair— That the report on Thom. Argues sheep by S. Tow ell be left over until next meeting.—Carried.
Motion -Couns. Mcl >owell-Barber — That the following bills lie paid Hodgins Co., 75c.; W. Bert Hodgins, 12.50 : Jas, Moffatt, $10.00 ; .1. A. Wall, $2.00 ; Samuel Towell, inspecting four lots of sheep, $6.00 ; John Sinclair, $1.00 ; L. Cuthbertson, 65c ; The Pedlar People, $300, for iron pipes.—Car
FIVE YEARS
6°„
Halifax School for the Blind
Halifax, N S., May 1st, 1918.
J. A. Cowan, Esq.,
Publisher 41 The Equity,”
Shaw ville, Que.
Dear Sir :—I have your kind favor of April 25th enclosing a bank draft for $18.00, representing the donations of the readers of 44 The Equity ” towards the education and training of the blind at Halifax. This amount has been placed to the credit of the Trustees of the Blind Endowment Fund of Halifax. I am enclosing a leaflet showing the objects of this fund and the regulations under w hich it is administered.
Forty of the newly blinded of Halifax are either being trained in the School for the Blind or at their home.
Please convey to the citizens of Shawville my very sincere thanks for their timely and welcome help.
Yours very truly,
C. F. Fkaskr.
R. W. HODGINS,
Secretary
CITY OF MONTREAL
S. E. HODGINS,
Sec.-T reus
Shawville, May II. 1918
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
BONDS
County Orange Meeting
Redeemable in five yeara-O" the 1st December. 1922
I have just received a car load of Buggies, ami now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.
THE BONDS—both Coupon and Registered—are issued in
denominations of $100, $500, and $1,000.
Interest at 0%, payable Semi-Anqually on June 1st and December 1st.

J L. HODGINS
Shawvii le.
A SPECIAL ADVANTAGE
Concerning Qaoollne.
The war department has estimated that the dally gasoline needs of America for war purposes will be 959,000 gallons for the next few years. Government figures show that the total dally gasoline production In the United States Is 6,649,000 gallons.
The Bureau of Mines has authorized the publication of a bulletin which states that a saving of 1.500,000 gallons of gasoline may be effected every lay by Americans by the careful observation of certain simple suggestions. The bureau of mines would conserve a half million gallons more of gasoline dally than will be demanded by the government to operate Its necessary war equipment or to carry on Its other necessary Industries during times of war.
What Americans need to learn at his time Is to conserve gasoline Judl-•iously and sensibly.—Peoria Journal.
T’TT'T .pl-Tl'Rl’filTlQ • These Bonds are made payable to XXX JUJU XUXUIUJUO . BEARER, but can be registered
without any expense in the name of HOLDER. They cannot then be sold or transferred without the consent of the latter- which at the same time insures the holder against any loss, by tire or otherwise. The registration privilege is an advantage rarely found in Municipal Bonds.
A meeting of tlie Lodge will be Orange Hall, Shawville o’clock, in.,
4th, t<»r the Mirposo ing business of imi>ortaiicv in connection with the Association.
It is hoped that a good representation from the various primary lodges throughout the district will be in attendance.
County Orang held in the H ¦ at one on Tuesday, June of transact-
e
G. Y
Important Points in Hatching
Chickens.
During the hatching season the sultry house and particularly the nest should be kept clean. Clean water and a dust bath should be provided also. If more than one batch is being taken off, clean out and disinfect the nest ifter each hatch and put in new sod and fresh litter. Dust the hen with insect powder before putting her in the nest and again a day or two before leaving the nest with the chickei s. It is a good plan to put into the dust bath a little dry sulphur or ground tobacco.
Be sure also that the house is free from mites. These little pests get into the cracks and corners of the building and at night as the hens are resting.
ried
Motion—Couns. H«*dgins- McDowell —That the Secretary write the Department of Roads, Quebec, for an inspec tor.—Carried.
Motion — Couns. HodginK-Sinclair —
That Foreman James Belsher lie allowed to have 140 loads of gravel to place on Pickanock road north of culvert at Bert Hodgins’.—Carried.
Motion — Couns. Smiley-Sinclair —
That the Mayor, Secretary and Conn.
Hodgins be appointed to purchase a effected suitable safe for this municipality
Ask for our Circular.
J. Gibson,
Co. Master
Reu. Hoik* ins. Secretary
R EN E-T. LECLERE
Investment Broker
Motion to adjourn—Couns. Hodgins and McDowell. Carried.
P. 8.—The matter of Win. Hodgins’ sheep was discussed but no settlement
160 St. James St.,
Montreal.
(Founded In 1901).
Telephone i Mein 1200 & 1201
E. T. Hodoinh,
Sec.-Treat
Carried
5231^1
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
NOTICE
To whom it may concern I ThU i« the store that can supply you with yon r mp tire me nt* in
4 Weekly Jours. «« dented te loot Interests.
PtllUked every Therade y
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
I hereby forbid anyone dumping gar-bagn or dirt of any kind in the kiln-pot, east end of Shawville. Parties living in the vicinity have lodged rom plaints, no I have decided to stop a continuation of what has l>ecome a publie nuisance.
All parties disregarding this notice will leave them.selves liable to punish
nient.	.1. V. DALE.
Shawville, May 13, 191M.
FLEET FOOT
Stovei and Pipes, Tiqware, Erçamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a call
ftlHSCItlPTÎOÎf, |l a Ykar in Advanck
All arrears must be paid up before
%nj p iper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for Int Insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion And ft cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month
for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for Accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry deoil tied.
Satisfactorily donc
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
For every member
Shawvîllk Entity :
XL ^	ma !lti I)ear Sir,- I wish you would publish
¦ Il T il 0 r Q m 11 w	51 ^vW hues from one of the boys of the
V I VII W I MIIIIIT I Calumet Island—William Fitzjohn, an
orphan boy who used to live with the late James Shea who with his son, Francis, aged 17. are now both in France working on the English side. William was in the Spanish-American war and did good service till he got won tided ; but he felt it was his duty to go again on the Allies’ side as he is deal I; on the Germans. I know people around the Island would like to hear from him or about him. Thanking you for space,
From A Kindly Rkapkk.
G-, vr. dale
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
For ease, comfort, attractiveness and down right economy, wear
Shoes
Wear them all the time-for work and play—
for business and pleasure.
Easy, comfortable fit for any foot.
See window for styles.
I
Fleet
Foot
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING
All kindm of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
cheaply executed. promptly attended to. \
Doors, Sash; Dressed
Lumber, etc.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
In Memoriam
In loving memory of our dear non and brother, Alvin M. Cara well, who died May Kith, 1917.
Professional Cards.
It ia the hope, the bleated hope, Which Jesus’ grace hat given ;
The hope when days and years are past We all may meet irT'tieaven.
—The Family.
Custom Sawing".
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Cami»hku.s Bat • • Qve. Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
(Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Dunraven, Que
Something we have Waited all Spring for
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
In Memoriam.
In Miid but loving remembrance of my «leur mother, the late Mrs. George C Hodgins, who died May 12th, 1910.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 9.15, a. in Lv ( B)
Ottawa—Maniwaki
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.30, p. in.
Lv (A) Ottawa 44	8.00, a. m.
Lv Ottawa 44	12.55, p. m., Saturday only
Su a wvru.K—Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.40, a. m.
Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, p. in.
()ttawa—WiNNim: —Vancouv kr :
Lv (A) Ottawa Broad St. 2.05, a. in.
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. in.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. m. on Monday, Wednesday
You are not forgotten, mother, And never «hall you be,
As long as life and memory lasts 1 shall rememl>er thee.
Rennie’s Calf Meal
“	3.30, p. m
S. A. MACK A Y
50 lb. bag for $3.00.
Daughter
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville. - - - Que.
ROONEY
May 9.—Quite a change in the weather has been experienced since the refreshing showers have fillen.
Misses Lizzie Black and Bessie Letts were the guests of Miss Bernice Shep paid on Thursday last.
The farmers are getting along well with their crops.
We are glad to report that Mr. J. J. | Noth Sparling, who has been on the sick list for so long, is now on the road to recovery. Hope to see him out soon again.
Caldwell’s Calf Meal
». j. McDonald b. c. l.
25 lb. bag for $1.50.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âo.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
and Saturday. (A) Daily
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
(B) Daily except Sunday.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AC
.Jk1”id0i™'5“îSd'''"'ôïSklu SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
A ) VOOATCi BARRISTER ,
196 Main St. - Hull.
Bay
We own and offer for sale
Miss Y. Stevens was among the numerous guests at Mr. W. J. Black's on Sunday last. Any information required
Blvk Ey**.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
PHONE BELL
•J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
$450,000.00 CITY OF VERDUN
l.sk
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public
of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
ir
Hymeneal
u
Stephkn—Scott
May 1.—A very pretty wedding took place yesterday at the home of the bride, 409, Eighteenth Avenue, Northwest Calgary, Alta., when Mrs. Anna Scott, formerly of Majorvilie, and Mr. Charles Stephen, of Edmonton, were united in marriage by S. A. Fall is. The ceremony was performed at high noon in the drawing room, under a festoon of roses and a wedding bell.
The bride was given away by her father, Mr. Ralph Laughren, formerly of Clarendon, Quebec, and wore a tailored suit of sand velour with large picture hat and white roses. She was attended by lier nieces, Miss Nettie Laugh-ren of Majorvilie, and Miss Pearl Laugh-ren, of Duluth, Minn., who were gow ned in apricot crepe de chene and wore corsage bouquet of white roses. The groom was attended by his two sons, Private George Stephen and Fred Stephen.
After the ceremony the guests motored to the Palliser Hotel where a sumptuous luncheon was served, and afterwards returned home where a reception was held.
The bride wore a dove colored Georgette crepe drajied over dove satin and heavily embroidered in gold and dove.
Embalm., and W Oiractd, TEACHER WANTED | 4
Main Street,Shawville.	Teacher wanted for Dm. School No. the attendant of Y. M. 0. A. No. 21. monton ; Mrs. J. N. Munroe, of Cal-
__	I, Dunraven, holding a first or second	should likes to borrow some Sar> > Misses Nettie and Pearl I^augh-
...	class elementary diploma, and to teach di es," he announced.	ren L^r; a.nc* Geo. Stephen ;
rarsonallttention.openallnours. ten months front August 10th to 30th| “gome wh.tr	Mr. Hugh Uughren, Majorvilie, Alta.;
•'Some dies.”	Mr. (i Laughren and Mr. Fred La
“Î don't understand."	of Duluth, Minn.
"You know, di-os. thing, you .hoot Mr' an,d .M™- t't.er,.h.en ,left ?" ‘he crans with ”	evening tram for California and other
“Oh, dice! Sorry, but we bev.nt Hatm in the South, via Vancouver.-
any of those. Dice are one of the { "y few things that we don’t supply.”
The boys sent me up after them,"
rr< tesfvti the rookie.	_	The cantonment commander Is a
I	that was a Joke	/ery UDpretentious-looklng officer, so
^ay, let me take some boxlngd *hen a rookie approached him with
lnutes, HI bring & question and failed to salute he
___________________________________ en rn___________________— w tiiem dght back."	nerely smiled, answered the qu
Paper Fluccc Twine may be	^nc| thus armed, the "goat," wtth -ion, and then said in a kindly tone.
T	T	TT/^XT^/^1 TXTQ obtained from the following gr# in hie eye, walked off In the dl- 'Do you know that you are supposed
V .	-Li. HvyUvJlll O places :	rectlon of his barracks.—idfcon ° 8a,ute an officer?' The rookie s ta r-
»d, then stammered. “Gee, mister, I lidn't know you was an officer." The general smiled quietly and said: You should be thankful that I’m A man went to a nearby dty on bml- j ust a major-general and not one of
hose newly-commissioned second leu tenants."
6°0 Five Year Bonds close March, 1st, 1923 PRICE : PAR and accrued interest.
will beta Fort Uoulonge every Wed inssd.vy and Shawville every Saturday.
-Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
N, R.^-TIIE CITY OF VERDUN, with its population of .80,000. ranks third in importance in the province of Quebec. As it is one of the best administered towns oil the island of Montreal, its bonds should enjoy a popularity equal to that of the City of Outremont, who.se issue of $1,500,000 have just been absorbed by the public in less than two months.
191 MAIN ST ,
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
Consult your Notary on the Va’ue of this Investment.
•ominion A provirciai land surveyor
ALL KINDS OF
.Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ac.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction or partie#.
102 Wellington St. - -
Phone : Queen 5230.
Yes 1 We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values.
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE & BOULAIS,
Limited.
Versailles Building, 90 St. James St.
Tel. Main 8745-8746.
Bankers
You should see our nice assortment of TIES
for 75 cents.
Hull.
Montreal.
GEORGE HYNES
Up-to-date Men’s and Boys’ Ready-
to-wear Suits.
MURRAY BROS

June, 1919, with three weeks holidays during the winter. Application, stating salary expected, to be in the hands of
and EMBALMING!m',/"’'1"’"""'1 k"r,hl" si“
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
UNDERTAKING
; 1918
JAS. CARSWELL,
Sec.-Treasurer, Dunraven, Que
MARKET FOR
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
The Difference
PULP WOO D
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
aoual attention
TWINE.
floret for a few
II
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
LaSalle Bros., Tancredia,
Paul McNally, Campbells Bay,
Robt. Grant, Elmside,
W. A. Moore, Otter Lake,
F. A. Davis, Ouyon,
A. Bretzlaft, Ladysmith,
Demonstrator’s Office, Shawville.
K3F Members should make a special effort to obtain this cord and tie their fleeces securely, as fleeces that are not fastened securely become separated and broken and have to be classed as loose wool.
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOO
»
Forewarned le Forearmed.
bank
had
and while there called at a to ret specie for some notes he had on hand for a long time. They proved to be on a defunct concern, and the teller told him they were good for nothing.
"Wa’al, now. look a-here, mister,* •aid Uncle Oy, “won't ye Jtet tell a feller how you ran tell whea money's a-golo* ter tpllor ______	__
n
• QUE.
SHAWVILLE
To be delivered at sidings along the 0. P. R. and C N. R. Railways
Honored Their Comrades.
A few days ago Canada In France >aid reverent tribute to the memory >f the Canadian gunners who fell In ictlon during the Vlmy Ridge operations, Gen. Currie unveiling a manorial erected to the gallant dead >y the Canadian corps artillery.
R
TA
PROMPTLY 8ECUR
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR 9 ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
864 University 8L. Montréal.
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
###PAGE###6###
S Ou54nd
* » » *.

r


Ellllli
ilium!
oaffi

«i
w#
see


il®!
OOQb

PA® :l
h
itito
BEI
I
»
flue*
«
By Agronomist

This Department Is for the wee of our farm readers who want the of an expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, eto. If your qu *• of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, •SOmp ¦newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Pubhs * Co, Ltd., 78 Adelaide 8L W., Toronto.
I
I

/
!
/




/
I
!


/

l
1
WIRE WORMS AND THEIR CONTROL, to he recognized become full grown they form little us one of the worst pests of com, and cells in the soil in which the> trans carry their destructiveness to wheat, form to the pupa or resting ^tage. outs, potatoes ami many other crops. About a month later they change into They are yellowish-brown larvae hav- j the beetles but stay in the ground lining hard polished skins, the bodies ' 1 the ; owing spring.
Control Measure*
OljfTON
y
X
1
Wireworms arc
\
X'*:ï
\
I
1
:
MB
WINNIPEG
I

!
I
m iwee^ 2
TORONTO
slender ami cylindrical in shape, measuring from three-quarters of an inch to an inch in length
pota
Susceptible crops like corn|g |
{toes or root crops should not be plant-jurious form in Ontario prefers low, ^ after piowilxg up grass sod, es-
muvky or poorly drained soils, feed- pecially if wireworms are known to
ing on the roots of grasses, grains ^ prt\scnt. They do not thrive well
ami the like. Two or three years are in elvver lnnd aml M this crop is a
required ti>r them to reach maturity, g^d one to use on infested «oil.
which accounts many times, tor the wheat is going to follow infest**! corn
damage clone by this pest a year or two laml % will Ice beat to have the land after od has I n tinned under. The
adult of the wire worm is a brownish beetle which, from its habit of snapping its body up in the air, when turned on its back, is known as a “click-




The most in
How Canada’s Greatest Shoe House Supplies the Nation’s. Foot wear
/CONSIDER the amount of time and the infinite care you take when buying footwear to suit your own taste in regard to style, size, etc. Multiply your own individual needs by millions and you will get an idea of the immense task which confronts the makers of Canada’s footwear, and the size of the organization it is necessary to maintain for that purpose.
if
well tilled as soon us the corn is re moved
by destroying their food eupi and preventing them from preparing suitable quarters for the winter.
Inasmuch as many of our worst cutworms live in poorly drained soil it will be well to have such land tiled. The use of commercial fertilizers
Plowing kills many worms
beetle/’ ‘'skipping-jack” or “snapping-beetle.”
Where They Live
Early in the spring these beetles
come out from the soil and soon lay has a tendency to overcome wine worm their eggs in soil land or land thickly injury overgrown with grass hatch into tiny wireworms quently happens that, during thi first drain land and add lime in order to year, the young worms feed upon sod, make it possible for the clover to es-that has been turned under, and do tablish itself, and this has given rise not do their greatest harm to the to tha impression that lime itself kills
cultivated crop until the oeccid sea- wtrewornie
They require about three is simply to change the physical
years to turn into beetles
midsummer of the year in which they unfavorable to these pests
In addition to the work of manufacture—the requirements of distribution are also tremendous. A manufacturer must not only make hi# goods economically and well—but he must deliver them—DISTRIBUTE them. Therefore, in addition to a force of 60 travellers constantly visiting the retail trade from coast to coast, Ames Holden McCready maintain, In the centres of population throughout Canada, immense stocks of boots and shoes ready for immediate shipment to the retailers in each section.
These warehouses are located in the following cities :
St.John Toronto Montreal Winnipeg Edmonton Vancouver
Ames Holden McCready factories arc separated into three distinct factory units, each a complete factory in itself.
One unit of our factories is devoted entirely to the manufacture of high rade footwear for Women and Chil-ren. Consider the great variety of styles in women's footwear, including high-top boots, oxfords and pumps.
many different patterns and lasts, the varieties and shades of leather and finish—then you will see what a great number of models are required to meet the widely different needs of Canadian women in the cities and towns and also in the country districts.
Another factory unit is devoted to making only the better grades and styles of Men's Shoes—shoes for professional men, lawyers, doctors, and all business men. whose occupations permit the use of fine leathers such as calf and kid.
The third unit specializes in sturdier types of shoes for heavy wear and rough usage. Shoes for farmers, lumbermen, miners, trainmen, and workpeople who require a heavier and more solidly-constructed boot.
For example
The buying of 4 single pair of shoes Is an event that occupies a person but a few moments two or three times a year—but to meet the accumulated demand of a nation's individuals, it requires tkc whole resources of a gigantic industry. Ames Holden McCready are truly "Shoemakers to the Nation." It is a title justified by their size and the importance of their business.
It may be a revelation to many Canadians to know that to supply them with proper footwear, this firm maintains huge factories each with many acres of floor space, and hundreds of intricate, almost human, machines—facilities and equipment sufficient to turn out 8.000 pairs of shoes every working day.
It requires a small army of workpeople, clerks and warehousemen, in addition to executives, buyers and travellers.
It requires much study and thought to plan styles and models of Men's, Women's and Children's shoes in their various grades and styles.
In order to secure the best results in the production of various kinds and grades, it is also necessary to specialize.
It will not kill the insect but
These eggs will aid the plant in overcoming its
It is sometimes advisable to
It fre- work
§
The action of the lime
son
Towards character of the soil which makes it
Consider the
came pped up." she went on, "a I though worked at them a pin and the poker, 1 could not open hem
| TEACH BOY TO
BE HANDY MAN
The plumber had to come out
He brought with
from town again him a long s k with a rubber cup on the end of it, placed this cup over the vent in the tub, pressed, and lo, all was well
%%+#* SieSvS eea# xsahiffto
The woman put down the magazine she had been reading and addressed herself to the family in general.
‘•Thvrv,’ she cried, "it says exactly
what I have been thinking for ages 0 *'urk Wl4S l0
aiul age. ami never had sufficient . I wanted a simple ahelf put up m
sense to write about."	th« ^room and the carpenter who
,*Vhat is that?" inquired her hua- Put *.UP ^arged $2.50 for that job. band sleepily	Sometimes I wish that I had married
“It sa vs that boys should be pre- f ?H>enter or a plumber	It must
pared for matrimony exactly as girls ^ ovely to have a man who can use should," replied the woman. "It says *"*¦ constantly in the house. " that they should have a course of . And, aa. ** woman s husband
wmmmm*
as girls should be taught how tu cook and keep house.*'
At this her husband looked self-conscious and he resumed his reading , _	.	. .	_ A.
with an ostyitatious air of absorption. -	.**7 to get in as many of the
^	following requirement* as possible:
A situation for house and bam high enough to give good drainage and a sightly view. A running brook for watering stock, and for an ice dam. Good soft drinking water an 3 plenty of it. A woodlot and orchard large well-planned house and barn. A retired situation, but with good neighbors; not too far from church, school or railway station
one with all or most of these conditions, buy R quickly and settle down for life.
Years of experience has taught us the kind and styles of boots which are required in eacn locality. No matter in what part of Canada you reside, no matter what particular kind of shoe you require, your retail dealer can procure it for you without loss of time.
And that is the reason w find, even in the out! that dealers selling McCready goods are up-to-date with stocks that are fresh and new, and which reflect the latest shapes and styles.
The bill for this piece
hyy
r di:
ou will lying districts, Ames Holden
Whin you bio tho Â.H.M. trail mark on a shoo, you know that not only is that mark an ondorsimont by tho largist shoo eoncorn in Canada, but that boing tho product of a highly organisod industry, tho shoo you mro buying roprosonts tho in voluo, stylo and woaring qualitios which cun bo obtainod ut tho price#
i
utmost
*
AMES HOLDEN McCREADY
Looking for a Farm?
When you are selecting a farm that you expect to make a permanent
Lixrao
"Shoemakers to tho Nation"
so that his better half was fain to continue her remarks to the more receptive sister who sat by.
“Especially when one lives in the country should a husband have had some manual training,” she went on. “For instance, last week we found it impossible to turn off one of the taps that fills the bathtub. A full stream of water ran from it all day. I tele-1 phoned Walter of the tragedy and he replied that I was not to bother for he would fix it as soon as he came home.
“When he reached home that evening he found that he could not do any more to check the water than I had done, and so he sent a plumber out from town the next morning.
“The plumber examined the leak, said that the washer on the tap had worn out, and that if I would give him a washer he would repair it at once. But I had no washer— what is a washer, anyway?
back into town to get one. He returned two hours later, put on the washer, stopped the leak and sent us a bill for $7.”
“But it was a peculiar sort of washer,” interrupted her husband apologetically. “If it had been just a plain washer I could have done it.”
His wife disregarded this e x pi ana -‘ Then the laundry tubs be-
VANOOUVWj
EDMONTON
TORONTO
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
rr. JOHN
i



A
i
mSSSBEBB

If you can find

s
m
a

,y*s»Sgsgj
8
aPZr m»am« ÏV rnw
MOHTMAl
FACTOer


12
War-Time Economy.
“Aw'm awa noo, Sandy. Do ye want onything frae the toun?” asked the goodwife as she lifted the reins from the horse’s back.
“Ma snuff's dune, an’ Aw wad like ye tae fetch me half an ounce,” replied Sandy.
“Nay, nay! I canna allow sic extravagance!” exclaimed his wife. “Have ye no heard o’ the increased price o’ sneezin’? Juist tickle yer nose wi’ a straw instead.”
2B
a
Never hang silk or lace waists on a line to dry. Squeeze dry and fold in a bath towel until dry enough to press, then press on the wrong side very carefully, being sure to keep a good shape, as that counts.
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
treatment, and there are those who think they have obtained good results from their use.
We must not forget that the mental influence has much to do with the effect of medicinal substances and that a medicine which is skillfully advertised, or is recommended by a friend, may have no intrinsic value*
Change of residence is the most valuable means of treatment with which I am familiar, and in making the change it ia always well to get the advice of eome one who is familiar with the influence of climates and who has no personal end to gain.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
M. S —Am unable to close my An gers on account of stiff tendons resulting from a cut followed by Wood poisoning rid of the trouble?
| Answer:—Your trouble which very often follow* infected t>
Such troubles can sometimes be relieved by a course of massage with manipulation of the stiffened tissu
apparatus which are made for this purpose.
A. H.—Is there any cure for hard
And so he had to go
By Andrew F. Currier, M.D
Dr. Currier will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If your question is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; If not. It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is enclosed. Dr Currier will not prescribe for individual cases or make dlagnosla Address Dr. Andrew V. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co, 73 Adelaide 81. West. Toronto.
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED LINES
The Treatment of Asthma
I So, also, will any unusual expert-The most common form of	this	ence	acting through	the nervous	eys-
diseaee is bronchial asAma,	which	tern,	such as anger,	grief, bad news,
shuts up the bronchial tubes and worry, or fatigue, prevents air from moving in and out aa it normally does.
There may be a spasm of the tubes may become filled up and use-tube#, or the lining nuoous	mem-	less,	asthma being	persistent	and
brune may be so swollen as to	fill up	more	and more troublesome.
I The object of treatment will there-Miners, potters, grinders, and fore be to remove this solid material millers suffer from this disease, their from the tubes, reduce the swelling of tubes becoming choked with dust the mucous membrane, and loosen while at Ceir work.
Those who have troubles with their nose, enlarged tonsils, and cer- tended to relax tain forms of heart and kidney dis- mostly gases and vapors and they m, may also be asthmatic; and chil- dude compressed air, oxygen, vapor dren have k in the form of spasm of chloroform and ether, and the pow-of the larynx, when a gland in the erful vapor of nitrite of amyl, neck called the “thymus gland” is die- Cigarettes containing arsenic, bel-
li on.
i
i
!
WANTED
POULTRY, EGGS and FEATHERS
i
With miner» and those who inhale dirt and dust, the smaller bronchial
i
Highest Prices Paid

Prompt Returns—No Commission
P. POULIN & CO.
in the
i
a# bo
the cavity of Ahe tube.
How can I get
s i
Of
is one
the spasm.
There are remedies which are in-
jur i
#


à
There are various forms of
m
Sure Cure for

i
HEAVES

ladonna, and stramonium, may also be smoked with advantage.
Useful also, are preparations of opium, the bromides, and chloral,
i
cause of this trouble?
Answer:—If you will send a stamped and self-addressed envelope, a copy of an aitide on this
In hay-fever the mucous membrane of the noee Is often so swollen tuafc no air will pees through, and this swollen condition may extend down the throat and into the lungs, causing almost a continual asthmatic
i

r.o.

!
wO be
i
DT
though these are all dangerous
K .'formons hors* that another man turned on » ban# pasture to Marre. I cured her with the powders, I can prove thta about the old hone; Inhere bmr yet; ebe baa never ebowM
jpiREE TRIAL OFFER
We have ¦
¦ that we a
i-e
To relieve the swelling of the
account of the trouble
mucous membrane, pttyeiciane often
i
give quinine, rtrychnia, antimony and lobelia and
Asthma Is usually worse at the level and in a moist atmosphere. A coming storm at the
of the forms of
. lining » baking dish with the ric* then fiMIng tt with ¦¦¦¦¦
Serums and vaccines are coming *****	***<*•
more acj more into	~
Says Will, To do this tittle trick Requires the magic of my stick. The Heh globe melts to thinnest air.
And you'll W MU	AfiOh-
cb*PP*i

level, or
unusual humidity, will being on an attack.
•ak a nt

i
I A
i P
LI

r '




9
» I
ll


el
%
1

ORINOCO
CUT COARSE FOP PIPE USE
M
' I
¦I
y
i.

SR
iii
rt\

<
m
y


,z



' ;





y*


A.
232353532348485323535323904848234823484823235323485348482348234853534853484823532323485348534853235348485353232353235348482389
2348484848234848535353532323532348235353234823535353532353482323535323485323532348235348235323234823232323482323484848022323234853234823484853482353230000024848235353484823485323482323
C6+:95+/2.:/+^^
###PAGE###7###
glLLETTSLyE
—j*ADfc
TO REMAIN ÏOUNG fluah the *">*'1* regularly with
World in your keeping,	I
Soldiers of the Land.
Battlefields are yonder
Where the corn ranks stand?
To the Harvest Country—
Steady heart and hand,
And strength to the toilers for the ! harvest-
PatrioU of the home fields,
To sun bright battle led,
With rain and light far bringing A blessing to the breed ;
By hands of the toilers The world's great table spread— I A world to bless the toilers for the i e harvest!
For the Spring Wardrobe
ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN'T HURT A SIT!


No foolishness! Lift your corns and calluses off with Rogers —It’s like magic I

For making


I
For oofton-
lug water.
For removing point.
For tfloInfeotU-.g refrigerator», • Inks, elosote, drains and far 600
PU ROATIVI WATER
Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or any kind of a corn, can harmlessly be lifted right out with the fingers if you apply upon the corn a few drops of freezone, says a Cincinnati authority.
For little cost one can get a small bottle of freezone at any drug store, which will positively rid one’s feet of every corn or callus without pain.
• This simple drug dries the moment it is applied and does not even irritate the surrounding akin while applying it or afterwards.
This announcement will interest many of our readers. If your druggist hasn't any freezone tell him to surely get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house.
!
A mild but sups saline purgative which softens the contenta of the Intestine# end facilitates their expulsion without causing colic, cramps or discomfort

%
L
26 eente the bottle.
On Eale everywhere: RIGA PURGATIVE WATER CO.
!*«IU
MONTREAL.

r§
Dislocated wrists and broken limbs are not infrequently the result. But what do the German slave drivers care! The class of work, however, to which they delight in putting the naval prisoners is the making of munitions. Naturally they rebel. But it is of no use; for refusal means for them one of the most terrible of punishments, or tortures—“the tree” method of crucifixion which recalls the days of the Inquisition, when, after being tortured by the rack until unconscious, the unhappy prisoner was revived to go through the torture all over again.
Here is how the punishment of “the tree" is described in plain and aim-
HUNS GIVE FULL VENT TO HATRED
Trimming Shrub».
All blooming shrubs should be Send a Dominion Express Money trimmed after they have stopped Order. They are payable everywhere, bloom mg. It is the new growth that
makes the blooms, and if that is cut off in the spring the bush will not bloom well.
MONEY ORDERS.

j
m

For White Shoes.

ESPECIALLY ON THE BRITISH NAVAL PRISONERS.
Now that the season for white
shoes is again with us, keep a piece of art gum handy, as it is fine fur taking off dirt, nor does it injure a
When the linings of boots or shoes ' the least, it being so soft it
are worn through in the heels, u8e ! wears itself away as *	It Jf your ^hoe polish or paste ha»
surgeons’ adhesive plaster. Cut one Wl11 also rvm(>ve 8pot* of <lirt frotn hardened, as it does if left uncovered,
both various fabrics.	put a little kerosene on it and it will
soften and be as good as ever.
MJnard's Liniment Lumberman’s Friend.
To Soften Shoe Polish.
lea men Subjected to Unbelievable Tortures by Captors Who Laugh At Their Sufferings.
piece large enough to cover sides of the heel, warm slightly and press firmly in place. This also helps in shoes that slip at the heel.
Horrible as are many of the tales rh'ivh have	Ger-
nan brutality to prisoners of war, pie language in a prisoner's letter I Simp(« as can be is this drew for
others still more home, and which is vouched for by *he kiddy. McCall Pattern No. 81f>8,
others who know as being a quite un-	Dram. In 6 size»; 2 to 10
exaggerated picture:
“A big party of Uhlans rode into the camp and surrounded the men (who had refused to work on munition making), and started pushing
Mlcard's Liniment used by Physicians.
____________rom BALB_________________
117EHKLT NEWSPAPER IN WE3T-? f ern Ontsrlo. Doing a *ood busl-r.eew. Death of owner places It on the market. A great chance for a man wlta cash. Apply Do* 83. Wilson Publishing Co. Limited. Toronto.____
IVeELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER f T and Job printing plant in Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried 11.600. Will go for II.300 on quick sale. Ho* II. Wilson Publishing Co.. Ltd.. Toronto.
A maple sugar sauce is excellent for puddings and waffles.
“Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts."—Dickens.
Ihere are many
harrowing if they could only be print-id. And the worst tales of all could >e told of the Hun treatment of naval prisoners. Fortunately these prison-irs are comparatively few in number,
>ut the Boche hatred of their enemies vents itfcelf, for reasons which and shoving them about, and digging probably seem good to them, In great-1 them with their rifles. The officer in 1st measure against the British charge, who could speak English, lavy. The firing by U-boats upon told the men that they were only lelplcss crews struggling in the wa- prisoners of war, that they would er or escaping from torpedoed ves- have to put up with what they could lels is nothing to their vile treatment get and do as they were ordered. He if prisoners taken at sea.	gave them five minutes to get to work
I have been permitted to read some or he would order them to be shot, letters from English seamen which lomehow have escaped the eyes of 'he German censors, says a war correspondent. Some of the stories one pould not dare to quote. They are lorrible beyond description.
The filthiest of stables or vermin Infested cow sheds are good enough for the “English swine" from the sea, vho have been the means of bottling
Price, 15 cent*.
year».
Millard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Dear Sirs,—Your MINARD'S LINIMENT is our remedy for sore throat, colds and all ordinary ailments.
It never fails to relieve and cure promptly.
I
Port Muigrave.
A Cure for Pimples
oue
“You don't need mercury, potash I or any other strong mineral to curs pimples caused by poor 5 blood. Take Extract of Roots— jj druggist calls it “.Rather Sclgel's \ Ceratlve Syrup and your akin J will clear up a# fresh as a baby's, a It will sweeten your stomach and ^ regulate your bowels.** Get the 'j genuine. 50c. and $ 1.00 Bottl At drug stores.
/ 1 RANITE riTTERS AND " f terers wanted. Write Geo. M 166 Victoria Ht.. Sarnia.
LET-
Paul.
C HAS. WHOOTEN
#1
L
A DIRS WANTED TO DO PLAIN and light sewing at home, whole or spare time, good pay. work sent any distance, charges paid, fiend stamp for particulars. National Manufacturing Company. Montreal
.Vv
When there is too much icing for the cake put it on plain soda craek-
for the children.
i :
The “Tret" Punishment.
A
anger, tumors, lumps bto.
Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment Write os bsfore too late. Dr. Bellman Medical . Limited. Colling wood. Ont
c
v?
", a!
This makes a good sweet cake
“The men wert literally starving, so that nearly all gave in. They were marched back to work, tyhich they had to do with nothing to eat until eight o’clock at night.
“But thirty-four men remained on the parade ground, refusing to make shells to kill their own people. They were not shot, but far worse. The ip the German fleet and have stopped offlcer gent them into the wood and ill commerce for Germany on the sea ordered them to be tied to trees.
Borne were tied up, crucifix fashion; some were hung by one leg or one Were it not for the parcels of food arm; some were made to stand on lent from England by the Prisoners' stools while their hands were tied Aid Society they could not possibly to trees above their heads Then the live, asd even the best of that food stools were kicked away from under if ten never reaches them. To com- them, and they were left hanging at plain la to risk punishment for in- the mercy of the mosquitoes, and the subordination. Sentries and guards sentries who came around" prodding are encouraged by their officers to them with their bayonets, punish summarily, without any “After a time the German captain charge or sending them up for court came round to view him glorious martial, which Is always a farce any- work. Finding one of our fellows in way. And those sentries, who would a faint, he raised his head and punch-seem to be men selected for their lack	«d	^ace* Then he	ordered
of feeling, are never slow in taking	him to	he cut down, and he	fell in a
advantage of opportunities that pre- heap on the ground. I eft lying there
sent themselves of inflicting the most *>11 he cftme to’	tie im up Thia is a particularly nice model for
Inhuman tortures on their prisoners. aBJin*	, the spring coat suit. McCall Pattern
Picture a cell catching fire. Pic-! "A,tcr two hours of this treatment No 8136, Misse»’ Coat Suit. In 3 ture the prisoners beating on the	the prisoners were marched	h r to	ie	to 20	years.	Price,	20	cent»,
bars for release. And picture the	camp	and put in a barn	wit ou These	patterns	may	be	obtained
eentry, with sardonic grin, “sticking” either food or blankets. For three frQ|n	locaj	McCall dealer, or
them through the bars with his bayo- days this treatment or ie tree warn ^rom McOall Co., 70 Bond St., net. That is what actually happened continued. The men were slowly dy- -to two men. And their deaths were W of agony until we saw there was
officially recorded as having been due J10 URe ' ' f,,'rn ’	8,1 to 1 anx
to asphyxiation.	! onger; .o we advised them to give
It recalls a story I recently heard I". ¦» they had done their beat and In the American Y.M.C.A. Eagle Hut, It wa. no use going through all such which a wounded Canadian soldier unnecessary torture.
told of a brutal Hun who killed a helpless wounded English soldier by sticking his bayonet again and again Into his body, laughing and gloating over the blood as it dripped from the blade.
Forced to Make Munitions.
The naval prisoners of war are forced to work in coal mines, labor for which they are totally unfitted.

s
Co
Ask for Mlnard’e and take no other.
SMOKE? TtlCKI TTS
; 0- - i*’	** * -ee, S	HLdF	t i
.V
1B§T
PAIN
rminator

lil
Excellent pancakes are made of rye meal.
ORINOCO
CUT FINE. FOR CIGARBrf'aVS
,e 4 » 1 /. r.• r •A* . n ? iJTL. ”
I
>>

I*
To revive patent leather rub well with a soft rag soaked in olive oil and milk, and polish with chamois skip.
i
/

V

I
V-

ii


routes of the world.

* »

Guards Laugh as Men Die.
• •

Pain? Hirst's will .stop it! Used for 40 years to relieve rheumatism, lumbago, neuralgia, sprains, lame back, toothache, and other painful complaints. Have a bottle in the house. All dealers, or write us.
MUST RKMIDY COMPANY, H.mlhon Cee.
35*
Honfcwal and Blecamfaaa, (69c) POTTLE
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT


%¦_ at
• x
a#
ilfi
m

L
r
WHITE SHOE DRESSING
LIQUIDwCAKE
4 Y*
>1

# # # e#

# $


*
Dandruff Kills (be flair Coticura Kills Dandruff
For Men's Women s ctnd Children s Shoes
I
Try one treatment with Cuticura and see how quickly It dears the scalp of dandruff and itching. On retiring gently rub spots of dandruff and itching with Cuticura Ointment, Next morning shampoo with Cuticura S ap and hot water. Rinse with tepid
l
*£
r.
WARNING

Toronto, Dept. W.
COMPLY WITH LAW
HAULING BIGGER. LOADS
water. Repeat In two weeks. Nothing better or surer.
SmdU K&rh f
GIRLS! WHITEN SKIN
WITH LEMON JUICE
without extra spanning is easily accomplished when you
Make a beauty lotion for a few cent# to remove tan, freckles, sal low ness.
Your grocer has the lemons and any drug store or toilet counter will supply you with three ounces of orchard white for a few cents. Squeeze the juice of two fresh lemons into a bottle, then put in the orchard white and shake well. This makes a quarter

WOMAN’S NERVES MADE STRONG
use
Johnny, Get Your Hoe.
Mr. A. Bamstead, organizing secretary of the National Committee on Food Resources of Nova Scotia, has sent the following, which was composed by Mr. George E. Graham, man-
Eh”5;eSS5S
Johnny get your hoe, get your hoe, arms and hands and just see how get your hoe,	freckles, tan, sallowness, redness and
Make your garden grow, make it roughness disappear and how smooth, grow, make it grow,	soft and clear the skin becomes. Yes!
Plant your seeds from sea to sea, It is harmless, and the beautiful re-Let them work for liberty.	suits will surprise you.
Hurry right away, don’t delay, start to-day,
Forward to the land with a right willing hand,
So we’ll help defeat the Hun,	%
Now we’ve got him on the run.
Over there, over there, over there,
Send the food, send the food, over there,
For our brave boys need it, our brave boys need it,
The calls are coming everywhere.
So observe and preserve Save the food, save the food, and conserve,
So we’il help win the cause of freedom,
And we’ll plant, save and send, till it’s over, over there.
.*<
MICA
AXLE GREASE

STOPGLARE LENS
" Use half as much as any other "
Axles are rough and porous, causing friction. The mica flakes fill the pores and the grease keeps them there. Mica Grease prevents locked wheels and hot boxes, gives sure relief for unnecessary strain on horses and harness.
Safety for Yourself and Others
By Lydia & Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound.
Winona, Minn. —"I suffered for more than a year from nervousness, and was , I	----so bad I could not
would lie awake and I	get so nervous I
and in the morning
I	Lydia E. Pinkham’s
A nervousness soon left me. I slecn well and feel fine In the morning and able to do my work. I gladly recom* mend Lydia K. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound to make , weak nerves strong.”—Mrs. Albert Sultzk, 608 Olmstead St. Winona, Minn.
How often do we bear the expression among women, ”1 am so nervous, I cannot sleep/’ or ”it seems as though I should fly. ” Such women should profit by Mrs Sultxe’a experience and give tf ii famous root and herb remedy, Lyd t E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound, a trial
For forty years it baa been overcota# tng such serious conditions as displace* ments, Inflammation, ulceration, irregularities, periodic pains, backache, doziness, and nervous prostration of women, and Is now considered the standard remedy for such ailments.
$3
.00 Ircr (Innlsr
¦ No Glare
at your dealer* or direct
STOPGIARE LTD.
HAMILTON. ON I
r

EUREKA HARNESS OIL
PUZZLE
f» i
FIND THE FARMER’S WIFE
” Lengthens leather life “
replaces the natural oils that dry out of the leather and put# new life in old harness. It penetrates the leather leaving it soft and pliable, and overcomes the worst enemies of harness—water and dirt.
Increased Acreage In West •
Ample evidence that the farmers in the great grain growing areas between the Great Lakes and the Rockies are responding whole heartedly to the government’s appeal for increased production, ia contained in a detailed report of farming operations in Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta received at the head office of the Canadian Northern here to-day.
It is pointed out that the late fail in 1917 and the early spring of this year have compensated largely for any shortage in farm labor at this critical time. Recent reports to the I au yon h»ve Canadian Northern indicated that the ; I J£Vnwif prl* new breaking along its lines would be I and failli one between three-quarters of a million and a million acres, and that sufficient fall ploughing had been done to facilitate early operations this year. The report just in from 235 pointa, shows that up to the week ending April 17th,
lÊÉf* was	' BpBp
throughout all districts served by the lines of the Canadian Northern in the west. The condition of the ground given as good, there being not a single complaint in respect to the state of the soil.

tma
2
• *
f
The Program
Nowadays Is to Save I
Grape-Nuts food fits in fine with this idea. No fuel required to prepare; no sugar needed; there's no waste; and the use of barley, in its making, conserves wheat.
of Self
V;
IMPERIAL OIL LIMITED
BRANCHES IN
I OF OTK11 Fimi
te do to win one of these e». le to find the FW-n

ALL CITIES

need not coot you one cent of your money, we will let you know by return mall whether your answer 1» correct or not Write your name and address neatly on a sheet of paper and send It with your answer at once to
¦¦¦I» m
m

Ml
Announced.

Kirsty Macdonald, who lived in a remote Highland parish, had a visit ! from her Edinburgh nieces, who were to spend a week or two with the old lady. So she determined to show them off on Sunday at the village kirk of Lochaber. The young ladies wore costumes of the purest snowy white. At one point of his sermon, the minister, in speaking of the angels of heaven, said: “And who are they in white array?’’ To the consternation of the congregation, Kirsty said: “It’s mm two nieces, sir, from Edinburgh.’’

ST ATTOS0^1, TO moiiTO*
pronounced activity
. - v -
Grape-Nuts
Myrtle Cut

is economical, nourishing and delicious. Try a package.
ft
%
Potatoes do not eta in the hands if peeled when quite dry, and not thrown into water till afterwards.
4
Cream adds to the food value of baked apple#.
ISSUE No. 19—’18
« t
###PAGE###8###
Tie Slaw# Boot and Shoo Store
IMPORTANT


NOTICE TO
FARMERS and
When Leather Is Scarce
DAIRYMEN I
>1U
aài
A

I am glad to be able to announce I that my New Creamery will be open for business on May 20t)i.
You will then have here in your midst a plant which is second to none in the handling of your cream in an efficient and sanitary manner. No expense has tiecn spared in securing the best butter-making machinery obtainable. Every pound of cream will be pasteurized, thus assuring a uniform grade of butter, commanding the highest market price and consequently the i highest figure obtainable in the market for your butter-fat.
You van bring in your can, whether it is full or not, just when you are coming to town on other business. You will have no shipping charges to pay, and you can arrange to get buttermilk for your lings. Moreover, you can have any dissatisfaction adjusted on the spot.
Call in and see me, get your cans and give me a trial.
Test and weight guaranteed.

and prices are advancing our advice is buy

"Made in Canada ”
a
y
\

Canvas Footwear.
\ X
We have the best stock of
A Truck for. the Farmer
#
TENNIS GOODS and RUBBER SOLED CANVAS
FOOTWEAR
T71ARM equipment which will effect a time and labor-X1 saving, and therefore a money-saving, must be carefully considered by every good farmer now-a-days.
The farm wagon, which for years was the most useful of all farm equipment, is now being replaced on the best farms by a sturdy, dependable motor truck, will haul any farm product—fruit, grain, vegetables, stock, fertilizer, or wood—around the farm, or to the town or city many miles distant, in half the time, and at a much lower cost
The Ford One-Ton truck is a rapid, economical and very serviceable means of transport One of these on your farm will save you weeks of time in a single season and will enable you to pass through a crisis of labor shortage with less difficulty.
The Ford truck is supplied as a chassis only. This permits you to select any of the many body styles especially designed for the Ford truck and already on the market. Thus you can mount the one which suits your individual requirements.
The truck
we have ever had. and prices are very reasonable considering the high prices of Cotton.
'
Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.
A. G. BROUGH
SHAWVILLE.
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
INSURANCE
Local and District.
In another column we publish this week a letter from Sir F. Fraser, Supt. of the Halifax School for the Blind, acknowledging the receipt of $18.00-the first remittance of donations solicited by this paper in aid of the School.
Pictures nf home folks carry warmth ami comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.

Price $750 f.o.b. Ford, Ont.
H. ImImiX, Artist in Pnrtraitur

AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND REST
?
Card of Thanks
11
The family
faun!-! of" thè1’di-tri<‘t ' w.^'t"to | '	,	j° kind fnVmls
Ottawa on Tuesday mottling in tv- j ’*'! ^ T"^ 111,1 ;ll>.° 1 1 tl,v 1K‘,,1,1,1‘ of spouse to the summons to report	îur r :cn *ympathy and as-
for registration. Some of them	>n the revent bereavement which
represent the only help ou the l‘R‘family lum-ex|>erienccd. farms on which they were brought I Dun raven, May 9, 1918.
'ii>. and in such cases the condition
|psSi|ilS3Ei
pi otmciioiL	I Mono insurance.
f the late Mr. Mai
heir sin
m
sl
m
m
COMPAN IBS.
%
1
No charge for Policy Fee.
Cal Or write for Rates and Particulars,
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Three of the many body styles that may be mounted on the Ford truck chassis
Shawville Motor Co. - Dealers - Shawville.
BRECKENRIDGE
Rttgglvs H. Elliott, takes the view that it a farmer goes in for stock iftisiug at all, he should
keep none but the best that can
be procured, and acting on this I make everything count principle, he is coming into posses- every hen lay her best, make every sion of a choice bunch of cattle, chick mature early enough and La*t week he added to the herd a thereby make every pound of feed purebred Shorthorn bull, which give the maximum returns, lie purchased at Oakville, Out., at j Hatch early. Make every effort a high figure and brought back to get your chicks out this Spring with him. These Shorthorns are before the first of June. As a rule of the milking strain.	the heavier breeds hatched later
, than that date are not satisfactory, fhe buildings at the Rocher- At least U0% of the pullets in fendu ranch, Calumet Island, (ex- Canada were not laying during ceptiug the dwelling) were de-1 November ami December of the #troved by fire at an early hour on past winter, because they were Monday of last week. The loss | hatched too late, includes this season s clipping of A little sand or grit first.-When wthil, estimated at about $1200 ; tlie chicks are removed to their also several head of sheep and brooding quarters there should be lambs. Other sheep belonging to some coarse sand or fine chick grit the Ranch, are said to have perish- scattered where they can have ed in a running fire, which swept free access to it. They should be over the plains on the Island on left until they show positive Sunday.
Mi
Make Every Chicken Count
The aim this year should be to
Make
We Want Your Help !
We have bit off more than we can comfortably chew, and for fear that we choke
we want you to help us out by chewing with us.
We have $4,000 worth too much stock and must reduce AT ONCE.
Price is no object in this case, we need the money and you need the goods. Let us reciprocate and we assure you that you will be the winner. We have the Guns (Goods) and the men behind the Guns. We want your help—the Ammunition (Money).
We bought very heavily last fall and winter at very good prices to have goods this year at last year’s prices, and we admit, to make money for ourselves in the meantime, but circumstances alter cases, and now we must get rid of this surplus stock before June 1st at any price as we need the money. We might renew our bills or borrow money, but why give the interest to others when we can get your help and you be the gainer ? Here is our idea give you 7 days of such bargains as have never been heard of or seen in Shawville, Commencing
1 sign-
of hunger, which would be be-
¦H
leaving food of that nature around until it is sour.
Feed for the first ten or twelve days.—The following daily ration
age may be altered or adopted to
suit conditions .—
First feed.—Dry bread crumbs Fire on Sunday afternoon. May slightly moistened with milk.
5th, completely destroyed the ft. Second feed. — Finely cracked ( ’. Church at Sh iboro. 1	. mia I grains or commercial chick
Father Routhier, who has been in feed
( barge of the parish for sunn- time Third feed. —Rolled oats, past during the illness of Rev. Fourth feed.—Dry bread crumbs Father Tracey, parish priest, who moistened with milk of late has been at his home at Fifth feed. — Finely cracked Sherbrooke, Que., celebrated the mixed grains.
high mas* at the usual hour on In addition to the above, give Sunday morning, and afterwards the chicks a little green food, such had dinner at the village nearby, as grass, lettuce, sprouted oats, About one o’clock he visited the etc. Do not have tlie moistened church again, and there was then bread sloppy but in a crumbly no sign of fire, looking toward state, and during this period let the edifice about two o'clock, lie the chicks on to fresh soil or gra-s noticed the sacristy all ablaze, every day if possible.
Father Routhier rushed over at once and removed the Blessed Sacrament, and a crowd quickly gathered, but nothing could be done to save the building. There was no fire fighting apparatus available, and the edifice being entirely of frame construction was licked up by the flame* with amaz-
We will
Friday, May 17th and ending Saturday, May 25th.
We will give reductions on everything in the store for 7 «lays—both Summer and Winter goods. Opportunity knocks. Do not let it pass without investigating. Remember Goods are still advancing. ’Nuff said.
speeder, on which they came to Shawville. Here they forced the door of the tool house and got Tom Sheppard < speeder, and with the two machines went on to
Men's Balhriggan Underwear,
medium weight Underwea* Fleece Lined Woollen Ribbed
Overalls black and blue, 28 jwiirs
reg. $1.20 for $ 95
All lines of Suits reduced accordingly.
Men's Spring and Fall, and Winter Overcoats less 20%
1 lot Boys Suits, sizes 28 to .‘33 at
Reductions on all Boys' Suits from 15 to 25%
1 lot of Boys' blue Serge Suits 25 to 35 at (Double Breasted and Norfolk)
Ladies* Poplin Rain Coats, all shades at
34 inch Flannelettes, st iped worth 27e. for (limit 10 yards to one customer)
500 yards Print, light colors at
(limit 10 yawns with other goods)
300 yards Crepes at
fancy Linens at
Silk, all shades, reg. $1.75 for
Ladies Corsets at clearing prices as we are discontinuing this line of goods.
Ladies' Silk Waists, 03 in 1 lot—all shades and sizes—reg. 3.50 for $2.65.	__
All other goods at reduced prices.
1.50
1.20
1.85
1.50
44
$ 3.75
3.00
44
2.40
44
1.00
5 50
2.25
1.05
4
1.75
44
4*
44
1.55
5.50
Work Shirts, 10 doz.
90
09
21
Sheenboro Church Burned
44
44
1 40
1.15
Wearing Pants, 80 pairs Felt Hats, 1 lot Fine Caps, 1 lot Rain Coats. 1 lot Tweed Top Rain Coats Paramatta “
H vy. double texture Rain Coats Wearing Suits (17)
Fine Suits, 27 in 1 lot Find Worsted Suits, all colors Fine Serge Suits
2.50
1 85
12*
1.00
12*
65
4
150
4.75
15
1200
300
8.75
1.45
4
9.50
7.75
11.75
15 00
9.50
8.50
up to 28.00 28.00 25.00
16.75
44
22.50
21.50
Why invest your money at X and 5 p. c. when you can make 25 to 35 p. c. investing in your next year’s supply of Clothing ? Attend this sale. The best ever.
For Service
Purebred (Registered) Shorthorn Durham Hull " Red Morning." purchased from G. E. Morden & Sons, Oak?.Ile. Ont. Service fee—$3.00. Aoplv to
R. H. ELLIOTT,
R R No. i, Shawville.
ARCHIE DOVER. Shawville
P. S.—We will not sell Overalls, Underweir, or Flanne'ettes separately unless other goods to the anjouqt of $3.00 are purchased.
