###PAGE###1###


86
O
No. 14, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPT. 26. 1918
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Sending Money to Soldiers
Sfi
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
Those who have friends or relatives at the front, may wish to send money, but possibly do not know the best way to do so.
the	and most
of making remittances abroad is the Bank Money Order or Draft, as issued by The Merchants Bank.
If, however, it is necessary to send money without delay, the Bank will arrange this by Cable Transfer.
Pickles
4,750,000

1
I
II
94 Branche In Canada,
If time permits, convenient method
Items accepted for
Now is pickling* time. We
are ready with the same old reliable brand
3
COLLECTION
17
Of
on any point in Canada, United States, or elsewhere.
Vinegar
TH€ MCRCHANT5 BANK
Fort Coulonok Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Shawville Branch.
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr J. D. Kenneally, Manager. A. H. Mui.ukrn, Manager, Portauk du Fort Sum Office. Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corners Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday.
We have sold it for years, and every customer satisfied. The last drop of it fully guaranteed,
A full line of—
Spices, Butter Crocks,
Fruit Jars and Flower Pots.
Heed Office: Montreal OF CANADA S»tabli»hed„1884.
A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager, C. E. SHAW, Manager,
SHAWV1LLE BRANCH, OUYON BRANCH, CAMPBELL'S BAY BRANCH. BRISTOL BRANCH, • •
GIVE YOUR COUNTRY A LEG UP
SAVE !
A .Bid DRIVE
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
n SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
Fok Stenographers. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 16 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
Canadian patriotism demands the practice of thrift by all her sons. The men who are holding the lines nt home are they who are making it easy for the business of the country to go on with little jar to its mechanism. The steady pulling together of nil citizens in the production of goods and in the conservation of all field crops marks the thrifty nation. Saving on the part of our citizens is going to be the greatest insurance we will have in Canada against a i>eriod of depression after the war. The combined capital of the individuals who make the country will form a fund of sufficient power to drive business along in a most satisfy, ing way in spite of the prevailing hard times of such a period. •
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction is individual, and the school la open dm mg the entire year; you may therefore a tart at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than 100 students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available. Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short
T y pe w r i l i n g
ing. English, Correspondence Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
W E.Cowling, H.G. W, Braithwait, President
Penmanship. Spell
etc
Principal
SHAWVILLB
The saving man is therefore a real patriot. He has Canada s interests fundamentally at heart. May his tribe increase in these clays when wealth is piling up under the spur of war-time efforts. Save because it hits both ways. It is a high form of patriotism. And it gives one’s country a leg up in a critical time. Put by that extra dollar now. The long procession of thrifty dollars will make a line that will never .waver—Hindenburg or no Hindenbui g.
Most things can be anybody a gift— your portrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. Imikon, Artist in Portraiture.
Increased Service.—We learn the C. P. R. intend putting a mixed train oil the Pontiac Line next week, to run Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays.
EXPERIENCE
vs
«
EXPERIMENT.
4
Underwear
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
i ofwnîu Con"ge“u SKuhi-yareU^J?? I III •**>•**>
i ones trained by expert, experienced office | |||	**
workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 45%. This year to date is even better. Still Employers' Demands Exceed the Number .of Willis Graduates.
Dressmaking at moderate prices.
Miss Eva Stephens, Campbells Bay, Que
Your family, friends and business as sociates want your portrait, range of folders to choose from
H. Tmison, Artist in Portraiture
Potatoes Wanted
Loading Thursday and Friday of this week at C. P. It. Station. We want 000 bags good sound iiota toes for which we will pay highest price at time of loading. Bags returned immediately. A Dover.
A nice
Our Stock of...
Fall and Winter Underwear
The work meeting of the Shaw-ville H. M. Club will be !ield on Thursday evening at the home of Mrs. S. L. O'Hara.
PERSONAL MENTION
Miss Lou Eady, Wyman, was the guest of Miss Mary Koran over the week-end.
N, I. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Pictures of home folk» carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
Births
Willis College
i v Spirks Street, entrance between Ketchum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
... is now on sale
At Shawville, on Sept. 22nd, to
H < k 11 -
H. IM ISON, Artist in Portraiture
Miss Mary Kalem, nurse-iu-train-ing at St. Luke’s Hospital, Ottawa, who has been visiting friends at Caldwell, was the week-end guest of Mrs. D. A. Baker, in town:
Mr. W. A. Hudgins, who has mm confined to his home for
six weeks with typhoid, has so far I The death of Jane Wilson, relict The Bristol H. M. Club will hold < recovered, we are pleased to re- of the late William Ritchie, occtir-their monthly meeting in the Hall port, as to risk a short outing on redatPitzroy on Saturday, Se|>-at 8 o’clock, p. m. on Thursday, Saturday.	tern her 14, and the funeral was
Oct. 3rd. Program: An Address Mr. and Mrs. Nellis Hod gins re- held on Monday last from the by Mr. Hodge, Demonstrator. turned from the West last week, family residence to the Pakenham The party who was seen taking ÇJ1*?. remain for the Winter, cemetery. The late Mrs. Ritchie, a blue plush robe out of an auto- Nellis has been engaged to manage who at the time of her death was mobile in the Methodist Church the Elevator for the Sheep- m her 87th year, was bom in Fitz-shod on Exhibition Day, Wednes- breeders’ etc. Association.	township. She was married
day, Sept. 18, will return it im- Miss Inez Shouldice, has resign-	to the late \\ dham Ritchie,
mediately to save further trouble, ed from the staff of the Merchants m!?° Predeceased her 4.1 years ago.
„ Bank and left for home last Fri- T,he~ was a family of 11 children,
zS&pgS tegs BSS BSHEI
held in Geo. A. Dagg’s grove, just	tendent Upper Ottawa Inmrove-
soiith of the village-five minutes’	“--—---- ment Commission, Schneaux Boom,
walk from post office.	I The annual Thanksgiving Ser-I0"^ XY K Rit^hle' g-..p: R agent
2» BssaK'sssSki" k h K1 éiJàrî'JiÉz
tendance of Shawville people at The regular meeting of Austin W. Ritchie, G. T. R. agent, Renfrew Fair on Thursday and H. M. Club will be held at the Galetta Friday last. The majority ot home of Mrs. Geo. Carey, on Oct. I those who went from here say the 1st at 2 p. m. Program :	Useftil-
# Fair was good, the exhibit of ness of ice in health and illness, by horses being noted as especially Mrs. R. Black. Roll call—Uses for Attractive. To some, of course, | onions . the races were the chief drawing card—as they usually are at outdoor events.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert Mason. Stillborn.
Mr. M. J. O'Brien, of Renfrew, the well-known, contractor and lumberman, has been appointed to the Senate ot Canada to fill an Ontario vacancy.
I
Deaths
Brown Optical
LATK MRS. WM. RITCHIE
over
COMPANY. LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Men’s
Pure wool,
at $1.50 per garment at 2.00 "

!<
«
552 St. Catherine West
Penman’s Fleece, at 1.00 “ Merino, medium weight,
«
1N 4982 .Near Stanley St.
MONTREAL, QUE.
75 "
«
FOR SALE-A number of young grade weeks oMMi— Apply to Rout 2, Shaw ville.
Price $8,00 per pair H. Cameron, Route No
Boys
t
FOR SALE- A black mare Foal—4} months old. Bred from Directum'* Pilot. Apply to Gordon Richardson. Radford.
Fleece lined in all sizes—priced according to size, 65c. 75c. and 85c. per garment
Fleece Combinations, sizes 30 to 32,
at $1.50 per garment
Ribbed wool, sizes 30 to 32, 1.00 “
FOR SALE—An eight h. p. portable gasoline engine (International) In good condition. J. L. Hodgins, Shawville.
Scrgt Jason S' Smart Dies FOR SALE-Yearling Holstein Bull-
Ot Wounds.	A ftUperior animal. Apply to Win D.
¦Edmonton, Alta Sept. 17-Word j g,lmRpl^ll^l,;,side- Bristo1; Maryland pA domestic named Bertha Court- w** received Monday morning by | "
Military Medal for bravery on the Rally Day in the Sunday School field. The medal warn forwarded will be observed in the Methodist Church of Shawville and Zion next |only a few days ago Sabbath at 10 30 a. m. and 2 30p. m.
The parents as well as the children and young people are cordially requested to be present, program is being provided bath School at 10 a. m. as usual
«
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO

LosT-Tu.sdar night, sept, mb, on A visit to our Underwear Department will
Main Street, a green checked Rug. The |||
iLsimw's 3&£?JtSS?5£!r* at J' ||| resay you. Our values are especially
good. We bought them right.
to his mother and came to hand
Copenhagen le used differently from ordinary eh ending tobacco.
Former Maple Ridge Boy in
Casualty List.
LOST—Between the Methodist church shed and Gerald Hodgins' on Friday night. 13th, a lady's wristlet watch with .	....	.	-1 I .H . L Initials ** E. M.” on back. Finder will he
River A ve., >V in mpeg, recently received rewarded on returning article to this
a cable that their only son, Cvrp. Robt. | office. .___ '________________
W. Shirley, No. 87473(5, was killed in action August 11th. He left Winnipeg in Oct., 1916, with the 184th Battalion, later transferring to the machine gun tion 78th, and bad seen active service in the trenches ever since
Corporal Shirley was born at Maple
¦ Wti leaving	hirteen
was living with his parents at ! E -List of prize-winners in Swan Lake. Manitoba, up to the time of Stock classes will be found on 4th enlisting. He was just 20 years of age. j *****
Take a small pinch, for a start.
A good Sal>
and put It b*t
the lower rip
Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Shirley, of 344
and *u*n, In the centre
Afterward* you can Increase the
else of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you deeire.
. The Well- VVishers’ Club of Fort _____________	___Cotilonge will hold a Bazaar in the
the tobacco of which Ttle made" to I Town Hull on Saturday afternoon cut into flue groin*, which make* it and evening, September 28th, the 1mj>ort ite strength thoroughly and | proceed* of which will go towards quickly.	I sending Christmas Boxes to the
Hem». a littfe 'tplnch” goes a I soldier-boys who are overseas, tong way, showing that Copenhagen I Tea will be served and there will
t oniy an urruaruoMy eoonoenteoè I be boots containing home-made ! »bdge, Ouh , but a too one of the finest I cooking and miscellaneous articles and w quality, being mode of the beat,, I also fish-ponds of different var 014, rich, high-flavored tobacco. 'ieties.
FOUND—Between McKee's and Bristol, Stations on August 20ths a lady's black duster coat. Owner may have
Burrows
W. A. HODGINS
M
same by applying to Mrs. R. and paying for this notice.

Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551
oh
###PAGE###2###
AN EDITOR TALKS
À situation arises now where the men who are attacking art between two fires. In front of them, lee# than 1 fifty yards, ta their own barrage. Behind them, and frequently among them, la the enemy’s curtain of Are. The officer in command must be cool, careful and quick witted to keep his men marshalled In such order that
THE “CREEPING
BARRAGE
Z7or> t/te-
GIRLvS
aeilfS | EsHH r®
5 HHrS
they are out of danger of a chance	lendld qualities of thrift that	those who were leaders in the various
shot from	their own guns and at the	hnve	marked the progressive people in	walks of Canadian life. They would
» -	*¦ -....?rr.............rr-S',7r::
uuvstuon The boys I know solved	of thr	Struggle on	The capture of the second line and	,	, oa,tb1e because of the have stood out In the constructive
i,»Lm,¦	iwr„n,	£¦SS,;V.2ft 3^5 A3JA3S1’"" •* *• »“* •	•
....... cJzrwarr
V >fs< Xluffit or Marjorie means	the	burning of a	considéra !«	,g||	common_ wv are IncHhed to	has been	much Incidental^ although	;	y ^ when money la circulating	limited extent in the public schools.
amount	of	fuel. and wood	i i so hig , fur^ot that	it	is	a	development	of	extremely	important, artillery aetlvl-	J\	,g 'tho timr when everybody,	Leave these to the higher educational
Or little Ro-IVep whom I never saw price as to be almost prohibitive the	^ J#M than tw# ye,r, )>ld ty.	oU ,„d vo„ng, ,hnuld practice econ- institutions, but local history could
Or Humpty Dumpty or Jack and Jill— boys wanted to help and one	K To it> however, we may attribute the	The “Box Barrage"	and save the dollars for the per- be studied with interest and decisive
They could rest awhile ero they climb- after resting a	•	success of nine out of ten operations For anything less than a general at- • .* 0f Oppression that is sure to foi- profit. Already much of the history
ed the hill.	, which suggested a PV-'. ^hey started | „f . ^ ^^.cter. In a sentence, tack on a wide front where the ad- % ,hl, terrible war.	of the province I. on the printed page,
I'd like to open the door and see .out bright and ear,y and e e ^ the perfect co-ordination of in-j vantage to he gained is more than	‘	.	.	.	.	but were ita study encouraged more
‘5EEEmm mm
w,a 3% w w ..a C3T.T " ' MsyW 2U*S	.r, ÆS-fiS SSttWAt
crook	Mother was at first skeptical but j	wag useieSH H,,ainst Ah *vnemv menta can come to the front involved, oollur m the suMiiga.	handicapped by their disabilities that
I’ll shut them all in the picture hook she found that the pulp halls held a . safeguarded himself thirty feet and through which it Is impossible to	"	'	*	"	they cannot return to their former
fire longer than sticks of kindling,.	surface	*	retreat.	I Hon. Dr. H. J. Cody, the new Min- occupation, and the Department of
Two Boyu Conserve Fuel.	and that the two little laddies, the *	.	j For the usual barrage every kind of inter of Education, has already ini- Soldiers’ Civil Re-establishment has
Girls can learn how to conserve oldest but eight years of age, furnish-[	.1 e oc or	ordnance is brought into use. Ma- tinted some valuable changes in built up an organization which is effi-
wheat and	meat	and coal	and	sugar,	pd	her	dll	the fuel	she needed	except Absolutely nothing is left to Individ-	chine guns, ride grenades, trench mor-	school regulations and systems, main-	cjen^y	doing	that work. Be	it said
They can help mother plan	means	and	j on	the	one	day	a	week	when	it	was	ual discretion in the	organization of	tars amj even hand grenades have	ly for the benefit of rural schools and	*he credit of young Canada	that of
devise means of saving fuel. Rut just necessary to heat the oven for baking, an attack which calls for the aid of ^eir place in the scheme, as well as for public schools generally. The plac- n#ar]y flve thousand men who have how the boy is to help in food and Boys can surely help with the con- the artillery. Co-ordination as close tbe heaviest pieces from the 3-inch to ing again of history on the entrance been found ,n need of industrial refuel conservation i- a more difficult servation problem if they try.	as that of the wheels in u clock is the ^ gg	examination to high schools and col- education to enable them to maintain
Every battery	—-»------------ legist* institutes Is one proper step, themselves and their families as inde-
We have often wondered why Cana- pendent self-supporting citizens, only dian history has in past years re- a)K)Ut three hundred have refused the .	__	_	.	. ceived so little attention in the public opportunity offered them.
Empire lias ( ont minted ^ool* of this country. Across the	•	•	•	•
8.000.000 Men.	line the school children are all made The September ’’Bulletin gives
1 jnrsars.” fs %	% ¦sstvrs.tsft
•***• K*‘,M‘•oo°	™ih,, au,,,».. ,m. » «s,.......	i"” il«hl;to;vr»pp~i»-i	% »
3 a. m.	,»	e sEHHH	FJESrH~H
2.15 A. M.. Range, <1.125 yards.	JfhLemen/ In .'ombating said that every boy ?nd g,rl *bould «rented to date. In the curative work-
An ordinary window shade with	2.4*	A.	M, Range. (1,225 yards.	'	gulimarine8	equai8 the	total	know the story of their own home	.hops where the men do such work
spring roller Is convenient to hang	Unless	specifically ordered,	he	aunk b the British	n the first	three	tolmty and district. By it they would	,s is suited to them durtng conval-
before shelves in kitchen or pantry	would	continue rapid tire—which	^	'f lhe w	gain knowledge of the beginning of	esrence, there were 1,991 men, while
that have no door. One jerk will draw	means	as	rapidly as his gune can	be	¦	Th<i	ton , o(	thp British	navy	Canada, the days of pioneering and	there are at present 1,990 men taking
^ 2 :	—BHBEE
the front to “cense firing."	:	nth, marîne	tiens to come.	and while .till under military author-
Before the attack the watches of all ' “The total contribution of man ,,ow- '	'	,	.	.	«T. are grant«d the lu,ual, Pay *nd
officers who will have a share in it—	the xl,jvti fovceg by the British Some of the most interesting books allowances. The number of men at*
infantry and artillery-are set to Empire up to August 1918 is 8 500 - we have read have been the early his- tending the occupational therapy
li™!Ü«EïlliGiiMliEii
midst of which we are now living makes for wisdom. Badness is con- No Ma„.8 Land ul|tn al, m,n are clear T™''	^	xv.-r, taken	, u
stimulate many minds to ask what tinually exercising poor judgment. 0f ;he wire and in their proper posl- daya ^?8,001°	,o1d',e ''ere. ta , “LONG LIVE THE CANADIANS!" where they had been wont to visit the
God is doing. There are those who Germany and Austria have made u<inR They m be 100 yards from RCr08S th!	frum England' In '	_ fairs and feast days of neighboring
$ZX>W£iSJ:n	, «,.«r — «
! mmm mm ~-£H :: mrnm
mine the final results of the present they brought against them the whole fire makes certaîn that the explosive ported ,n Ju1y# 1918*	I loads of repatriated French citizens ; a slender brunette, embraced him.
I !"	0 . . e J1 19h Empire. In a^a of each shell will widely overlap	greet a Canadian officer. These 46 kissing him on either check. "In me.”
There are others who be ieve there breaking international law with their that of the shell on Pach side.	; AN ALLY OF GERMANY	Lisons for four years held in slav-; she cried, ’’the French salute
1, a God, but they do not think of Him reckless submarine warfare they In t.oaition. the a,taclring party	- T,y by '.he Hun in their village of. saviour. "
as active; otherwise the war would caused the United15 tales to enter the moves 8iow]y forward. By one minute Powerful Enemy Causing Destruction Ecourt §ti Quentin, have been freed end! It is as if they thought of Him war on t e side o t e Allies.	0f two it has come to within forty or	Throu hout (’onada.	t,y the Canadian corps. Their vil
as asleep, or taking a journey, having	Victory of Righteousness	fifty yards of this blinding, deafening _	ïU/<irf„l «llv work- Inge so far behind the Boche lineal Before the war, the allied nations
no interest m human affairs. A Great wrongs have inevitably driv- wall. Suddenly, without the slight- . (,erman\ tas a i	K, , had escaped the ravages of war. In in Europe drew virtually no sugar
third class believe in God, and >e-|en the Teutonic Powers into blunders est warning, without the slightest U '	!	. LLLLffLtUp It spiteful rage he is now levelling it from the sources of supply for this
lieve also that He is doing something that must surely destroy them. God hesitation, the line of explosions is ts onera u>n> ar y	•	thc ground by long-range bom- continent. Now about one-third of
ail the time in connection with the ;g just as powerfully behind the law moved fifty yards further away and	_,lor? Pa *	, f " bard ment, exactly as he still directs the sugar from these sources is going
3",, pwMw .r„T	i asiwsrü	x tzxnsjs	zcxi ts aï» -	u "*
ess s Ms es a	. « -, w i M	,kl N”M,n'* u"d-1 d" ““—1
la\ed, and be completely executed. troyed. God Almighty decrees it. The increased range is calculated ®an^s 0La('^s' ,or e	Î
Irhree answers may be made to the Nations so dishonorable, so false, so to place the barrage on the enemy sec-: *^me untl . e arvf9	,p ....
question as to what God	is doing in |	savagely cruel as	Germany	and Aus-	ond line or first reserve trench, not	^een s/ore	m.e x.a ?T:4 *n(. 0)1 e.
this war. The first is	that He 13	tr|a mug^ be overthrown.	Their de-	only to demolish it but to prevent its	ates Uiem	y une re s	o	ousan s
giving His active sympathy to the	feat jg a part 0f	determined order	garrison from going forward to rein-	bushels. °Pfra	n)	eVf,r^ ,C1. y
side that is right. In a	quarrel be-	of the universe.	force their comrades in the first line	a^ town ar!d ,n. th.*	dl3tr,ctJ'
Z%'%ay.Ur:v^	LIS.	" ingT^Tl.' well % b/yind Me»y people imagine they en W- be fed ^ground feeds, which make
BOY
i
?
IS .AUTOMATIC, PRECISE AND
CRUEL.
?
V
i
Guests
If Three Bears came to my house to night
I'd say Or wet
Daw
sky
Or good Jack Sprctt and his hungry wife
rest
first requirement
commander is told the hour and the minute on which he must open fire and
A ,7,hrUTh";r “°‘ï" ***"*	f., him f„, Bril mb
his orders might read like this:—
I
Will send another white boss to-mor
SINK 7.3 U-BOATS IN YEAR
All Doubt Removed
An English publication tells a story row that illustrates the necessity of using the utmost care in giving instructions
to the African natives who are in Br$-	, .
tish employ. An enterprising company quite dead. Hit him on the lead w tn
in the Sudan had decided to lay a a iarg»' shovel.
railway into the wilds, and of course :
it employed many blacks in the con
struction work
graph clerk at the nearest civilized i out spot received a telegram from the black foreman of the railway constructors :
’•White boss dead
The work
The time he turns in has a lot to One day the tele-j do with the way a young man turns
On August 1st there were 5.045 courses In industrial re-edueatioh
Shall I bury
him ?”
THE WEEKLY SERMON
aright
doest thous?—Daniel, iv., 35
In one period of fourteen
world conflict
our
Allies Share Our Sugar

FEEDING POULTRY FOR MARKET
By S. K. Burdin
%
Moisten with water
Apod
fcecte. eccentric flfetent
by passion or selfishness sir any
motiveeggNgggggpil^W
ake* are wise and just and they
Mde unchangeable.
1
laws
E

###PAGE###3###

A NEWSPAPER PROCESS
ties. Over all Is a brooding atenrh of decay and stale gas. Gangs of our engineers are nt work mending the roadbed, relaying the steel, digging out the ditches. The battlefield of yesterday becomes the humming workshop of to-day over it again next week and there will be an ordered highway.
A Smiling Country Beyond.
Bui a mile or so beyond, and what a transformation is here. We have
ft
‘ON TO THE RHINE, OUR BATTLE CRY
Combination of
Materia m
For the Making of Newsprint From Ground Wood-Pulp.
«.•IM J
P
i!ï»rHtwHif»T,

The Taggart» Paper Co., of Créât 5 Bend, N.Y., has developed a process 1 for the making of newsprint from all ground-wood Pulp, omitting entirely gj any proportion of sulphite pulp. Mr. g George C. Sherman, president of the ^ company, in an interview given to the ~ Paper Trade Journal, said:	j A
“It rec|iiired two cords of wood for m a ton of sulphite pulp, while one cord "À of wood will make more than a ton f of ground-wood pulp. It takes 20 per \ cent, more timber to make paper out H of 20 per cent, sulphite than it does 1 ¦
1.	I
of timber is required g


Pass
CANADIANS PASS THROUGH NO
MANS LAND.
I
-1
Capture Territory Where Enemy Had
Settled Down for Winter, Paaaed through No Man's Land to a
Mailing ountcry, beyond, a part of With War Material.	France held for four years in bond-
ma Bü
¦¦
* s m	st sx
in the village gardens. Cattle wade in the lush pastures. Except for the
A Quebec, battalion fought through destruction of his heavy guns the the marshy ground along the river. j enemy could not have wreaked this /This area is dissected by ditches and desolation. Beyond are fairer fields
was filled with machine-gun posts.1 ,.n<i villages.	_
Some British Columbia troops also had very stiff fighting before this hornet's nest was cleaned out and we had established ourselves solidly between the river and the canal.
Novel and brilliant reconnaissance work for this attack was done by a brigadier, who advanced 6,000 yards in front of him line in a whippet tank.
“He's always trotting about the front line/' said a member of his staff, explaining his absence. ‘He is a regular daredevil, who isn’t happy if he isn’t in the thick of it.”
Contributory to this success was	..
the excellent work of our artillery,	the weary year, ,the bitter
and In particular a Manitoba bat- Winter, of trench warfare. All that tery did useful service at a critical Ia Past; With each sunr.se hope
"reen^across*the*Cambrai\oaTun'| [ “p toThe Rhp* cries that gal-
of which the infantry 1®nt gentleman, the Canadian soldier.
*

»
171
Ï
I

out of all ground wood
/
more acreage for the sulphite method.”
If this process should prove generally feasible it will do much to con-Canada's forests. It would also effect n considerable saving in the cost of manufacturing newsprint and in the consumption of sulphur, which is in demand for the mrklng of muni-
ains NO

rl
rx\ hade in /amt
E .W. GILLBT J CO. LTD.
I
serve
gft
e mocaix
VfMMt»
è iùSŒÔ-Ri
tions

LEMON JUICE IB
1
FRECKLE REMOVER
Potato Speculators Warned
no
Girls! Make this cheap beauty lotion Dealers and others who may be am* A clever little design for combina- to clear and whiten your skin. bilious in regard to this year's crop tion of materials. The front panel	—	of potatoes and apples have beeq
is applied and	stitched as	far	as the	^ Squeeze the Juice of two lemons Into	warne<]	by the Canada	Food Board
belt.	McCall	Pattern	No.	848K,	a bottle containing three ounces of	j againgt	speculation. “In	negotiations
Girl’s	Dress.	In 6 sizes, 4	to 14	orchard white, shake well and you	, for ^e	purchase or sale of apples,
years.	Price,	16 cents.	have a quarter pint of the best freckle	potatoes, or other roots,	due cons id -
and tan lotion, and complexion beautl-	era^|on	should be given	to the postier, at very, very small cost.	gibllity of some action being taken
Your grocer has the lemons and any	Board/' declares their recent
drug store or toilet counter will sup- statement, ply three ounces of orchard white for
a few cents.	_ I IH I
fragrant lotion into the face neck, arms and hands each day and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and
how clear, soft and white the skin be- plore the interior of Africa was made
by Mungo Park, who set sail on his Initial voyage to the Dark Continent
He returned two months later after
%
z
A Great Nation’s Tribute
The United States Government has conscripted the entire output of our U.S. factories in order to supply the “Yanks'1 with AutoStrop Razors as part of their regular equipment.
This tribute is worthy of your consideration when next you send a package Overseas — your soldier's comfort is your first thought — the AutoStrop, • because of its automatic seif str the Id
I

Massage this sweetly ninmrû,9 Liniment cures Dandruff
Exploring Africa.
The first organized attempt to ex-
In-
Yes! It is harmless
comes
«
I
The Change
SA
128 years ago.
And the house is still as I sit alone In the silence mothers alone y have known.
I want you here little lad to tell You over and over I love you well.
I want the touch of your soft brown
hair
But you're off for a game cannot share
While I wait and lonely and longing bide
Till the night shall bring you to my aide.
I want you here little lad on my knee Potatoes baked In layers with But I'm glad you’re sturdy and onions and tomatoes is an excellent strong and free,	main dish for supper.
I want your hand little lad to hoi But I’m glad you’re fearless of storm and cold.
And I’m glad that ’tis Nature s and Heaven’s plan
That I’ve given the world a some-day
man.

For my
r op pi ii * device, is •ai razor for his use.
Price $5.00
triangle.
Excellent Work of Various Units
22c. fioêiagg will dahvgr an A**toS1ro(t Over»0ag by firgt clast regiattrgd mail.
AutoStrop Safety Razor Co.,
«.S7D.be St.
MONEY ORDERS It is always safe to fend a Dominion Express Money Order. Five Dollars costs three vents.
Flowers are more fragrant when the sun Is not shining on them, it is that I contended by a French scientist, be. cause the oils which produce the perfumes are forced out by the water pressure In the plant cells and this is back diminished by sunlight.
A Hopeful Outlook.
tji
62-8-18
It is the business of the Canadian Corps to do its share in reclaiming these villages to France, come from shell-tom Arras fought its way step by step over fifteen miles of blasted wilderness, where even the weeds wither and die s.ml the handiwork of man through the centuries is blotted out. The retreating enemy has left behind him only concrete and barbed wire.
Such is No Man’s Land. It is the despair we leave behind us, the des-
»
It has It has
«
*
ratory Bird Treaty, the protection of migratory birds from destruction by men has been provided for. No attempt has been made, however, to remove the menace of the unnecessary cat. The elimination bf it must, per- tion of materials. Can be worn with
McCall PatIn B
MJoerd'e Liniment Believes Weumlffla.
An excellent design for combina-
force, be left to the good sense and or without overdress the public spirit of the individual tern No. 8506, Ladles' Dress citizen. The number of these prowl- sizes, 34 to 44 bust. Price 26 cent* ing destroyers, and their predilection These patterns may be obi a,	1
for birds as their prey, cause the loss from your local McCall dealer, or to Canada of xaat numbers of our from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St.,
Toronto, Dept. W.
ELI. RWT'IPPED NEWSPAPER Job printing plant In Ra*t*rn Jneuranue carried $1.500. Will go for $1,200 on quick sale. Box Vf, Wilson Publishing Co.. Ltd.. Toronto
W
and
Ontario
bent food conservators every year
KKKLY NEWSPAPER FOR RALE In New Ontario. Owner going to France Will * el 1 $2.000. Worth double that amount. Apply J. H.. oo Wilson Publishing ro . Limited. Toronto.
W
HINTS ON STORING COAL
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
i«er cover
pushed their attack. .
Down the Cambrai road, through Vis-en-Artois, past Drury on the left, and Villers-les-Cagnicourvt on the right, all is desolate typical No Man’s Land landscape.
The countryside is pitted with shell holts Rad scarred by trenches. The; Ht was swift to run and strong to avenues of htef along the road remain blasted stumps. There is not, And ready for any play, n green thing. Everywhere is the He climbed to the top of the ;«npie debris of war, the litter and the	tree
ruin. Broken lorries,	shattered When nobody elsa would dare;
remnants of an armored car, the He couldn’t get down and he feared twisted rails of a light railway, scrap Iron of all descriptions—these things cumber the roadside, are horses in various stages of corruption. Here and thçre are rows of our dead, awaiting the burial par-
8t. Joseph, Levis, July 14, 1903.
Minard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen,—1 was badly kicked by my horse last May, and after using several preparations on my leg nothing would do. My leg was black as Jet I was lain up in bed for a fortnight and could not walk. Aftei using g \ ANGER. TUMORS, LUMPS. ETC,
three bottles of your MICRO'S UNI- U InUrnsJ g»™***^
MENT 1 was perfectly cured, so that UB before too late Dr. Heilman Medical I could start on the road.	Co- Limited. Colllngwood. Ont
JOS. DUBES
Precaution* To Prevent Loss Through Spontaneous Combustion.
The Song of the Happy Warrior.
The song of the bo/ who was brave and fair.
Wee was young and hii eyes were
MISCELLANEOUS
How to loosen a tender com or callus #o It lifts out without pain.
T A DIES WANTED TO DO PLAIN 1j and light sewing at home, whole or •pare time, good ray. work sent any distance. chargee paid. Send stamp for particular». National Manufacturing Company. Montreal	_______
During the present year, consumers are storing coal as long In advance of winter as possible. It is important, therefore, that they should take precautions In the storage loss through spontaneous combustion is to be pre- after,
vented. There are certain simple Uke for (.ornB will never again send methods of handling coal that ex- eiectrlc sparks of pain through you, peerience has taught are necessary to acr0rding to this Cincinnati authority, obviate such a misfortune, especially ; He gRyB that a few drop9 0f a drug
where considerable quantitie. are to ca,led freezone, applied directly upon	,	,w
he stored. Thus, coal should be so a tend,r „ch|Dg eorn, instantly re- ------------------------------ HtALTH	Y
piled that air can circulate through It Ueveg g0reness. and soon the entire	Improving Bridge Floors.	|	¦ ¦ —' ¦ —	"
)ow	freely to carry off the heat, or so corn root and all> |l(u right out.	j wag down in a part of the country 1A/LJ ITC RATS
;.,w.doubtful	Mu.t * between .* ^ »
space permits, and alleywa>s should	irritating the surrounding tissue, roads were numerous and there were ounces. 25c^ each given. Ex-
HKsmr~
ample supply; a small amount is in-	' ---? ——	h ,rsps
effective and very dangerous.	Experiments and Tests.	°y:*ch of the bridges I saw had two
Where available, under water stor- ; ^he annual report of the Dominion fourteen	or	sixteen Inch	planks	boit-
agf is recommended as it entirely E>perimental Farms for the year end- p(J to	the	floor>	80 that	they provided
eliminates spontaneous combustion. ;. ^arch 31st, 1917, is a compre- a smooth track across the floor for all The preparation of a suitable pit for h€ngive document of some 160 pages, Gicles, having been spaced far
EE: ### ÊSHWSTsM
London K	g	Good Reports of 8.0.8. Boys. represented. Just as there is not a of a bridge tends to weaken its whole
Ontario Headquarters has reported branch of agriculture undealt with, structure. When our car slid over
__	as follows: “Ontario farmers every- #o there is not a district the capabil- tbese planks it was like riding oft •
A Menace to Birds, Which Are Our where are enthusiastic about the hoys* (ties and possibilities of which have pavement and the bridges did nut
Food Conservators	services. The boys are making good, not been tried in the matter of better t|e out their complaint of loose floor-
We estimate that 9,00b boys from the production by improved methods. In boards.
Nature has provided in the form of ^ies and towns and as many more former years the report has been A single wide Swo-ineh p h- k i* I**-bird life a mean# to counteract th< farm boys are working as Soldiers of given In two and three volumes and ter than two planks laid side by side, action of agents destructive to plant the in Ontario."	contained accounts of scientific ex- Where two narrower planks are used
While artificial means may. to,	- périmant» that have been made during they are likely to spread some time £
a limited extent, hold the multiplica- Buenos Aires and Rio de Janeiro are the year, or that were atill in pro- and catch a wheel between then tion of Insect life in check, no human the largest cities of South America. grsea, written by professional experts ends may be bevelled to make a #
Walter (to guest who has been wait- the experimental farm system, but smooth approach M planks are 1 in* a very long time)—"Did you ring henceforth thpee are to be given in j bolted to the floor in several place* '
bulletin form and the Report confined they will be secure.	|	,
to statement# of the year's doings at the eoore and more farms and stations
It is a
grey,
I vet folks step on your feet bere-
shoea a size smaller If you
strive
w«ar
WANTED
Commercial Traveller
he’d fall
As the branch swayed in the air. Everywhere qi the ground seemed such a way be
And he grit his teeth and sang “Cheer-o!"
Though the drop to the ground seemed \ mile s.
E. N. MACALLIM,
243 College St
Toronto
The song of the man in the khaki coat
As h stands in the wet and snow, A smoking rifle in his hands
And his feet In the mud below. The tale of the charge and the man that fell,
Of the tunic dyed""with red,
The tight-clenched teeth and the clammy brow
And the stain where the wound had bled.

KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT

v.
WHITE SHOE DRESSING
LIQI)II)<.CAKE
I'll Take P0STUM!
For Men s Womens and Childrens Shoes
—you hear rt more and more when is asked what he'll have for his morning drink.
THE UNNECESSARY CAT
one

rat
ABSORBINE
MAR* PIG. US PAT Of*
1
Delightful aroma and teste.and freedom from the discomforts that
with tea and coffee.
Will reduce Inflamed, swollen \ Joints, Sprain», Bruise», Soft \ Bunches; Heals Bolls, Poll
U	Evil, Quittor. Fistula and
Infected sores quickly a* It Is a positive antiseptic germicide. PU
u# we. Joes sol blister
Vf
life
The
\i#
'MB
can accomplish the results
mg
which are secured by the birds
Man, by hie own action or inaction, the bell, sir?" Gent—“No, I was toll I» responsible for the causes which re In* It. I thought you were deed." strict the increase in the number of our birds. Slaughter and the robbing have your wife’s relatives borrow of nests by men and boys and the money from you and then piously remark, “The Lord will provide.”
A very good plan before laying oilcloth I» to cover the floor thinly with sawdust. This hslps the oilcloth to
By the recently coniummaUd Ml* weer ,on«er ,nd d<,aden* ,he •<mnd
and
t to
Nourishing health ful, economical.
No Waste at alien important item these deys. Give
INSTANT POSTUM
atrial.



Nothing Is more annoying than to
Poultry ymrds at Ml
as “
are
Repost, which, as has basa amid, will repay
treacherous family cat have made such Inroads on their numbers that the balance provided by nature has been destroyed.
SR
S-^25Ct"|
*
op. #0W
Départissent of Agriculture, Ottawa
and keep
###PAGE###4###
Foal of season—Gordon Rivlmrdaon I,
Willard llodgins 2, Rev. Mel all uni 3. Aged rain Rex Wilsen 1, K J liar* Volt or filly, l yr.—W K Shaw.	Wr 2, Alf Armstrong 3.
Filly or gelding, 2 yrs Jas Premier- Ham, year old Titos McDowell 1, gast 1, Herb N Hodgius 2, H A Hoi- | TiIOît Argue 2 ner 3.
Single mare or gelding H A Horner
1,	Thos Wall 2, W H Armstrong 3.
Pair horses—<*eo Hynes 1 , R Robi-
taille 2, R J Hamilton 3.
Saddle horse
Hodgitis 2, Jas K Davis 3.
COACH OR CARR1AOK
Mare and foal—Jos Sly 1, J 11 Kilgour
2,	Willard llodgins 3.
Foal of season - J 11 Kilgour 1, Error
who ? 3, Cî K Palmer 3.
Volt or filly, 1 yr - Graham Thompson 1, J A Little 2, Herb V Hodgins 3.
Filly or gelding—Ed Vo wan 1, Alex Meld mm 2, W L Craig 3,
Single mare or gelding Silas Corrigan 1, S Knox 2, Thos P Graham 3.
Pair horses Simon Harbor 3.
OX FOR DUO WN
Ham lamb Alf Armstrong 1, 1 Barlier 2, Thos Argue 3.	^
Ewe lamb E .1 Barber 1, Thos Argue 2, Alf Armstrong 3.
Ewe E J liarlier 1, Alf Armstrong Thos Argue 3.
Ewe, 1 shear E J Barber 1, Thomas Argue 2, Alf Armstrong 3,
Ben of sheep E J Itirl»er 1, Alf Armstrong 2f Thos Argue 3.
J
W l> l am pi s'il 1, H A
Noth. The list of Specials and also the remainder ot the regular list of prize winners are unavoidably held over till next week.
Notice re. Hunting
All parties are hereby forbidden to hunt or trespass in any manner on the following lots in the township of Clarendon, without first obtaining permission of the undersigned :—
% Lots Nos. 3 and ft, Hange 10 Lots Nos. 4 and ti, Range 10
CATTLE.
SHORTHORN.
Bull, 3 years and up- Thos McDowell 1, R J Wilson 2.
Bull, 1 year—Geo Palmer.
Bull calf—Thos McDowell 1, E T Brownlee 2.
Heifer, 2 years -Thos McDowell 1, Heifer, 1 year- Thos McDowell 1. Heifer calf Thos McDowell 1, Geo Palmer 3.
Milch cow Geo Palmer 1, Thos McDowell 2.
Herd of cattle Thos McDowell 1.
AYRSHIRE.
Bull, 3 years and up- John McVor-riston 1.
Bull, 2 years—W L Craig 1.
Bull calf—Harper Retmick 1.
Heifer calf—Harjx*r Ben nick 1.
Milch cow—Haqier Rennick 1.
JERSEY.
Bull, 2 years—Thos Argue.
Bull, 1 year—Thos Argue.
Bull calf—Thos Argue.
Parties found so doing after this no tice will l>c prosecuted.
WM. TIPPING,
Sept. 12, 1918. JOHN PALMER
Camp-
Meeting.
A Camp Meeting will be held in
John Lucas’ Grove at Bristol Ridge, Que.,
COMMENCING
SEPTEMBER 29
.....	_	11 i, j •	, I And lasting as long ms the Lord
lr ,,/*!, vr,\ L ?rl»D\ri ;u!'	'M gms ’may lead, conducted by Evangel-
M l .McDowell -, Iios Argue 3.	ists Arthur Alter and Albert Added er, 1 year 11ms Argue 1.	ams, assisted by Mrs. Arthur Al-
1 hater calf— I nos Argue.	ter and Mrs. Albert Adams. ,
Milch COW-pos Argue.	Time of Services :
Herd of cattle-n„,s Argue.	Sundays-10.80. a. »... 7 30, m.
Bull. 3 yearsT'ET Brownlee 1, 11 Through the week -8.00. p. m.
A Hudgins 2, Gordon Brownlee 3.	Monday excepted.
Bull, 2 years—Harold Hudgins 1, If	ALL \\ ELCOME.
A Horner 2, Thos Argue 3.
Bull, 1 year Jos B Kilgour 1, S L Stark 2, K T Brownlee 3.
Bull calf—K A llodgins 1, Vincent Hodgina 2.
Heifer, 2 years—J B Kilgour 1, ET Brownlee 2, Thos Argue 3.
Heifer, 1 year—E T Brownlee 1, J B Kilgour 2, Willard Hod gins 3.
Milch cow—E T Brownlee 1, Gordon Brownlee 2, Vincent Hudgins 3.
Herd of cattle—E T Brownlee 1, Thos Argue 2.
A. ADAMS.
The Pontiac Wool Growers’ and Sheep. Breeders’ Co-operative Agricultural Association, Lim-
ited.
Having secured n Manager for this Company, we are now in a position to handle your Grain and Live Stock.
The Elevator will open on Wednesday of each week until further notice.
GRADES—BEEF STRAIN.
Heifer, 2 years—Ueo Palmer 1, Kobt McDowell 2.
Heifer, 1 year—Geo Palmer 1.
Heiter calf—R McDowell 1, George Palmer 2.
Milch cow—Geo Palmer 1, Robt McDowell 2.
Herd of cattle—Geo Palmer 1.
For any information apply to either
C II. HODGE,
Sev.-Treas
NELLIS HUDGINS,
Manager
GRADES -DAIRY STRAIN
Heifer, 2 years— R A llodgins 1. ~ Heifer, 1 year—R A llodgins 1.
Heifer calf— R A Hoegins 1, Robt A Dale 2. F W Thomas 3.
Milch cow -It A Hodgins 1, Thomas Findlay 2, It A Dale 3, Gordon Brownlee 4.
ADMINISTRATRIX’ NOTICE TO
CREDITORS.
In nu: Matter of WILLIAM SHAW, la tv of the City of Ottawa, in the County of Carleton and Province of Ontario, Gentleman, deceased :
NOTICE i* hereby given that all j>er-
8008 having any claims against the said William Slmw, who di«*d on or about the 12th day of May, 1918, are required to send by post, prepaid, or deliver to the undersigned Solicitors herein for Ewe lamb—R J Wilson 1, W E Shaw Isabella Maria Rlytb, Administratrix of 2, Rex Wilson 3.	the estate of the said William Shaw,
Ewe, 1 shear—WE Shaw 1, Rex Wil- their names and addresses and full parson 2, F W Thomas 3.	titulars in writing of their claims, t>e-
Ewe—Newton Lewis 1, W E Shaw 2, fore the 15th day of No vernier, 191H, Thos McDowell 3.	after which date the said Isabella Maria
Pen of sheep—Newton Lewis 1, W H Rlytli will proceed to distribute the Slmw 2, Rex Wilson 3.	assets of the said deceased among the
Fat sheep—F W Thomas 1, J E Bar- persona entitled thereto, having regard U-r 2, Thos Argue 3.	| only to the claims of which she shall
then have had notice, and that she will not be liable for the said assets, or any part thereof, to any ;>or*on of whose claim she shall not then have received
Herd of cattle—R A Dale 1.
BEEF CLASS.
Steer, heifer or cow (any age)—Thus McDowell 1.
8 H E E P
OR ADR
LEICESTER.
Aged rain—W E Shaw 1
SHROPSHIRE.
Nwj* Lewie 1. s L *accÀAKtNt HENDERSON, CRIENE A HERRIOCE,
Trust Building, Ottawa, Solicitor» for the said Isabella Maria Hlyth. Dated at Ottawa, this 14th day of September, 1918.
Aged ram
Stark 2.	^
i «.U I! .1 Wilson i. W I
Craig
Ewe lamb—Ira Hanna 1.
Ewe—Ira Hanna 1.
Ewe, 1 shear—Ira Hanna 1.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 26, 1918.
Great Victory in Palestine
The best news of the whole campaign in Palestine was included in Monday's
In brief it stated 11»-*t
w ar despatches two r irkish armies had been practically
and 250
wiped out ; 25,000 prisoners
captured by the force under
General Allvnhy.
ns
A Turn in Events in the East.
magi ne rather
Something new unex|HH*ted —interposed itself in the ie* ports of the war activities of the l>ast week. Since the Germans launched their big drive in the closing days ot March, attention has been almost exclusively engaged with what is transpiring from day to day on front, where long ago it was predicted
of the world war would be
we
the western
the issues
decided. Since the date of the turning point in the scale ot battle, there has been practically no cessation in the of-
then undertaken 1
tensive campaign the Allied armies there all along the line have followed each other in ipiick succession, the object being evidently, to harass and
confuse the enemy
tent of preventing him from concentrating troops in sufficient numbers at any point to enable him to hit hack successfully at the aggressors. While this prolias been and is proceeding with-
Thrusts here and
to the ex
gntniHi^^H***™*****
out serious interruption, interesting and ini|K>rtant developments are heralded from the eastern front—in Macedonia— where for a considerable length of time, thing of particular moment has or-i urrvd. The Allied forces which have, been holding the line there, composed of French, Serbian, British and Greek troops, have suddenly attacked the Bulgurs at two points, with such marked success that a very considerable tract of country has been recovered from their md thousands of prisoners and
no
grasp
ich war material have fallen into the
hands of the assailants, who are reported to be pressing on to objectives the capture of which would mean a great advantage to the Allies, and efleet a change in the whole situation in that
region.
Some weeks ago it was announced that Bulgarian troops had ap;scared on the Western front, to help relieve the pressure against the Kaiser’s ‘‘invinei-
ample work cut out for them at home
It looks now as if they had
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Alterations in Train Service.
The Canadian Pacific Fall and Winter train services, 1918-1919, will go into effect on Sunday, Kept. 29th. As usual, many Summer trains will l>e discontinued, while the departure and arriving time of others will necessarily be changed, involving a general re arrange Tumi of existing trains, whi h it would be difficult to announce in detail. Passengers, therefore, who contemplate travelling after the 28th of September are invited to ask for Canadian Pacific Time Table Folder, or communicate with nearest agent.
List of Prize Winners at Shawville Fair.
HOUSES.
HEAVY DRAFT
F W Thomas 1, AN
Foal of season H. Armstrong 2.
Filly or gelding W T Barber 2, R A Hodgins 3.
Single mare or gelding—R A Hod gins 1, Nelson McLellan 2.
Pair horses In harness—AN 1) Lamp bell 1, Henry McDowell 2.
E T Brownlee 1,
agricultural.
Mare and foal—I) McNeill 1, AN 1
Barber 2, W H Armstrong 3.
Foal of season—D McNeill 1, AN T
Barber 2.	,	,
Colt or filly—E T Brownlee 1, S L
Stark 2.
Filly or gelding—H A Horner 1, K J Wilson 2, S L Stark 3.
Single mare or gelding—lutrl Cotie 1, Bert Hodgins 2, BA Hodgins 3.
Pair horses in harness—Jack Lester 1, Harold Hodgins 2, Vincent Hod-gins 3.
GENERAL PURPOSE
Marc and foal—Emerson Horner 1, E T Brownlee 2, NV T Barber 3.
I. T Br >wnlee 1, Em
>n Hoiner ... N\ I Bai ici Colt or filly—W T Barber 1.
Filly or gelding, 2 years—Bert Hod-H A Horner 2, Arthur Cald-
Foal of season
gins 1 well 3
Single marc or gelding—J B Arm strong 1, Percy Dagg 2, Nelson McLel Ian 3	1	;	______
Pair horses in harness—AV X L Cor 1, NV D Hodgins 2, H A Horner 3
ngnn
HEAVY STALLIONS
Clydesdale—AN J Stark 1.
Percheron—John Horner 1.
ROADSTER AND SADDLE
Mart- and foal—N\ J Stark I, Alf Armstrong 8, Rev McCalluiu 3,

/
ii
i
A

? I

HAVE YOU any WHEAT for SALE ?
Farmers :
Our Company, the St. Lawrence Flour Mills Co., Limited, is ready to buy, at the price fixed by the Government, any wheat harvested in the Province of Quebec, grown from Manitoba seed.
If you have any such wheat for sale, mail us a sample, and let us know at the same time how much of it you can dispose of, and we will
answer your letter promptly.
St. Lawrence Flour Mills Co., Limited, 1110 Notre Dame Street, Montreal
Our Government standard flours, REGAL and FLEUR DE LIS, are still, and notwithstanding the restrictions imposed upon us by the Canadian Government, the best flours on the market for the baking of bread and pastry—a trial will convince you.
FLEUR de LIS
Build up the Mighty National Force

TH'OR fifty years the Teuton -T peoples have been trained,
A
*
$>'
disciplined, whipped, into servile cogs of an implacable military machine, by which is maintained the Prussian doctrine of might, and the Kaiser’s autocracy. The Teutons deny themselves, they make sacrifices, because they are trained or forced to do so, but they do it.
The peoples of the Allied nations must make great sacrifices and tremendous efforts in order to defeat the^enemies of freedom, but because they are free peoples it is left largely to the individual to say what or how much self-denial each will practice.
So if freedom is to prevail individuals must make voluntary sacrifices which in the aggregate will be greater than the forced sacrifices of the enemies of freedom.

A


f

;

I
s
!
X
r
1


l
r
j
Os
1
Z

I

»
i
6 8 1 I 0
SO»
® 8 0 ft n n
I

tft o
*
n
wt

nr

i
X


"M’OW, it is for you, each of ¦LN us, everyone of us to say
'T'HE measure of your love of -!¦ freedom is your willingness to deny yourself so that the strength of the nation for war effort will be increased.
This self-denial must take the form of money-saving—thrift. Each person knows in what way he or she may save.
The national need says you must save, but free Canada leaves it to you to say by what means and to what extent you will save.
how much patriotic endeavor, how much loyal sacrifice we will make by saving our money, by “doing without” so that each day will see a surplus to add to our own and the nation’s strength. No matter how small the surplus it is important because each saving is an effort made, and many small individual efforts make the mighty national force.
Published under the authority of the Minister of Finance of Canada.
19
? *



'



Ü3
miKiuftiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiuiiriiifiiiiiruiiiniiiiinitiiiimuaii^^

v




s-
mi


K

Iff
h

urn
iw/f'


AW



a:



II
i

ï a
n
«
?
11
«49
•Si

g~
5 _

iiinBumimmiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiuiiiuiniiiHiiiiiiniiiiiiiuaii
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Larukly Uhed With Very (Jurat
Hucceas.
This Is the
IVlost Important News
Published in The Equity this year
AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF A
Canadian Pacific Railway.
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Interests.
Rt Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Alterations in Passenger Train Service
Effective Sunday September 29th, 1918.
For particulars apply to Ticket Agents.
un script ion , $1 a Year in Advan< i. All Arrears must he paid up before %ny paper In discontinued.
—. — — Q —— — ——
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it highly recommended for indiggption, dyspejiHia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of ap|*ctite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren frew, writes : 11 I had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : 44 I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes :41 I was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic, and Kidney Cure completely cured me."
Mr. 1). M Robertson, Renfrew writes : 44 I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw rug Co., Khawville, Que ; Qou-Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Que.; or direct from the manufacturer W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
1 Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage.
is
ADVERTISING RATES.
U.ent edrertl.lng, lOoenU per line for sl Insertion and 5 cents per line or each ubsequent Insertion Dullness cards not exceeding one inch «sorted atfA-UOper year.
Local announcements Inserted at the of 8 cents per lino for first Insertion ,13 cents for subsequent Insertions..
Oom nerolel adrertl.log by the month (or longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application. Advertisements received wlthout [n*
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
BOYS’ CLOTHING SALE.
o

rate
a«'
We have put on sale 29 Boys’ Suits compris ing sizes 27 to 34, and in prices from
$5.00 to $12.00.
These Suits are not all up-to-the-minute in style, but they are away ahead of the present minute quality and colors
We offer you a
Special 10 per cent Discount
To clear out this lot.
If you want a suit that will give your boy good school wear, try one.
QVERCOATS !
OVERCOATS I
We have just opened up a number of up-to-date Overcoats which will make those who wear them feel dressed. Why not come in and try them on and see ?
in
JOB FEINTING.
kind* of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
All
cheaply executed, prompt! v attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Professional Cards.
FELT HATS
i;
ville ! longe
A good range of fashionable Felt Hats in the latest colors and shapes.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
- Qu*.
CxMPBei.Ls Rat •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
Doctor°o f Dental* Sergery. University of
Llcenî"antê o! Dental Surgery. Quebec
Ladies’ Raincoats.
MURRAY BROS
•1
SHAW VILLE.
Considering the very wet Fall we are having, here is a SPECIAL very suitable and very profitable for
THE TAILORS
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
S. A. MACK AY
you
Ladies’ Raincoats in Silk Poplin
These are
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin
Farmers and Dairymen % time is here
notary public
Shawville,
All in light tan, and sizes 30, 38, 40, 42.
$7.00 and $7.50 garments ; but to wind up the season
$5.00 each
Elmside
Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Fort Coulonge, First Thursday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
Que.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
a. J. McDonald b. c. l.
we offer them to you at
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
G. F. HOOCINS CO. LT D.
Wyman, -Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that
saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
3	Because it is so simple that a
child cau red il y learn to take it apart and put together again
4	Because it is so easy to keep
clean
5	Because it is the only Separator
with a successful interchangeable capacity
0 Because of. its wonderful self-oiling feature
7	Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it is so easy to run
0 Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
#
A
«
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
<«
BARRISTER , AC
ADVOCATE
. Hull.
196 Main St.
£
r
Runabout • $ 060 Touring • • 690 Coupe • •	875
Sedan • • • 1075
F. O. B. Ford. Ont
All prices subject to war tax cbargee, except truck and chassis
AU prices subject to change without notice

Z
i
PHONE BELL	•
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. IL
advocate
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be in
7

f

CMWCUA-E
MADE IN CANADA

&

n


Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shaw ville every Saturday,
9
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users-
S
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
!
I
#
i
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL H
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac,



191 MAIN ST ,
More Satisfied Customers and Increased Profits
TV/TANY storekeepers -tV-t tend their business by taking advantage of the uses to which a motor truck can be put.
Those who use the horse and wagon for delivery are restricted to a limited area. But the merchant who owns a truck can cover many times the area possible by horse and wagon. He is able to increase his list of customers without interfering with the service he renders nearby customers. A rural delivery route can be added or lengthened. His loads can be increased. His service is improved while his costs are auced.
The Ford One-Ton Truck Chassis fitted with a stake, express, or closed body will fill every requirement of the chant. The Ford Truck service in all weathers.
Price (chassis only) $750
F. 0. B. Ford, Ontario
A CALL SOLICITED.
nHfy U

.» <Mh
Agent.

H. E. MITCHEM
l

GEORGE E. MORENCY
• di
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &C.
JExeoutsd carefully to the aatlefao-
tlon of parties.
102 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
y
ex-
m-,

r>
HULL.


Manufacturer of and Dealer in
i «
¦y

I
L

GEORGE HYNES
Doors, Sash, Dressed
* Lumber, etc.
j

Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Parsonalattention.Openallhours.
m

i
Custom Sawing1.
ee

UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING

*
d
ftfë
Ml -
3

I
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
15
W. J. HAYES

SHAWVILLE

MAIN STREET
m

(opposite J. II. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
PROPRIETOR.
T. SHORE
\

re
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
J. L. HODGINS
AGENT Foil
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
mer-is of
Og tid C


87
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
'ROMPTLY 8ECUR
SHAWVILLE.
DEALERS
SHAWVILLE MOTOR CO.
In all countries. Ask for our. INVENTOR S ADVI8ER,whlch will be sent free.
MARION A MARION.
SD4 University SL, Montréal.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
###PAGE###6###
»!
7	&&
WATER TRAINS
AT THE FRONT
7
Accept no Substitute
a
msu
Insist upon the genuine
«Mi

m l»ROV11>K M RK DRINKING W ATKR FOR THK FIGHTERS
u@®%
1
l:
*
MV SUMMER KITCHEN
MM
Muddy Aid Turbid St mi in* Are Cleansed by the Sanitary Corps of the Medical Department.
will
A little sauccrful of charcoal
ur farm
that I could not do without, it le our keep thi box sweet,
•‘summer kitchen,” the little two- When peeling onions hold them in a room log hou e in which my husband bowl of cold water and you will neith-
As the er weep nor keep tin* odor on your
If there is anything on
%
I
P6H2E >
Ur
water train" is a wholly new «ml 1 started housekeeping
years pa e 1 and our f ily tncreae- hands
ed we needed more room so we moved!
The
I
None other is so economical in use or so delicious in flavour.
military idea.
It IS hr effect a miniature water works, its business being to provide , it back to make room for a modern pure drinking water for soldiers in the two-story house. It is now connect-trenches or wherever else they may *d with the house by a broad covered find themselves in need of it.	.platform that is shaded and almost
Such a train is composed of a num-l covered with a wild-grape vine. Both her of so-called “purification unite,H room9 have outside doors; the little each of which is a complete filtration old windows were made larger and
veral new ones added.
SOAP v<l
Teach Them Young
”!f


4
MS
Green Paint
• l M
Great as the nitrate industry of Chile is, the ore beds themselves are seldom of vast size, though they spread over large areas ally the ore is found within a foot or two of the surface, and at other times it Is 20 feet deep.
/
motortruck.	In the larger room is a large zinc-
| The laboratory is equipped for both, covered table and a smaller one fast-
Si1S1 h!SsSSII rw mi &«««
“1 m go in to get me	another drink	t°°k down her pretty	gray hair	erated wholly by oncers and enlisted	er ^de, then there is an old kiUhen	it is one of the	duties of war to	anj	strain never	makes	for efficiency,
fore 1 begin. What	you hafto tag	' hat was an accident,	though, of	men 0f the sanitary corps of the medi-, 8t°ve that burns either coal or wood,| make the kiddies	useful little citi-]	Deliberateness	allows	power	to	work
1	I	BEEHBF HE EH EE eT:‘Jt
Thomas submitted	It seemed to	He sat there for a while then rose	war zone. The stream may be muddy,	Here the laundry is done all the	What she learns at	ten she will know
him he had never been	so warm. He	with a sheepish smile.	turbid and uninviting. Never mind	year; and fruit and vegetable can-	thoroughly ten years later. So en-
felt his shirtwaist front, his collar!	“Well—it’s up to me to	apologize!”	about	that; it makes no difference, be-	ning and most of the cooking during	list	the kiddies and show them how!
hand, his sleeves. Then with a de-	be confessed. “But yen'll	have	to ad-	cause	means are at hand wherewith	the summer. If I wish to boil a	Teach them first of all to make
fiant hand he reached around and un- mit.	that judging from the past | ^ c|ean the water.	ham, roast, bake or cook anything jam and Jelly. For grape jelly boil
fastened his overalls.	i f could hardly have been prepared A hoge |s dropped into the stream that requires a long steady heat, I 4 pounds of grapes without the su-
„;;Eœ % " EBHF"	rr™ ¦as £ zx %%=:- tn t
He slid the overalls down over his	“Oh, I don’t know	they	won’t	supply a sand filter. But before the	making sausage at butchering time	gar	in the oven and add when very
feet, exhaling a luxuriant breath of	come hack till supper time	now.”	water	is allowed to pass htrough the	and 1 can cook turnips, cabbage and	hot	to the liquid, so that the tempera-
bliss.	| Mother Bird stuck in her final hair- filter alum and liquid chlorine are put sauer kraut without any odor reach- ture will not be greatly reduced. When
pin. “They’ll stay clear of here. jnto %	ing the house to offend acme fastidi- all is dissolved, bring to a boil again
You see, they’re trying to get into L , pure *nd Germ-Free. L	ous member of my family
coming towards him along the side- ! six o’clock. Then they came fooling removes coloring and tui bidity, and walk—his father, two hours and a «lowly up the walk and lounged on helps to get rid of germs by forming year’s planting
half ahead of time.	the front porch.	a film that prevents them from pass- garden tools and a well-equipped tool- j T. victoria Cross is suspended bv
Whoo-oof! Jiniini crickets!” Tom Father Bird was reading in the, ing through t hesand of the filter, chest, with nails of all sixes. Many’s 1	, M h when worn hv a soldier
threw a glance at the fence. Then,, parlor. When he saw them be put \fter the filtering process the excess the bit of repairing 1 do myself. *
gate, started on a dead run for the coming to you!” Turpin was advis- of soda.	tin> pig here has been warmed, fed j 	- - —
house. In his haste he neglected to ing in a hard undertone. “You’ll get The water passes out of the motor- and allowed to grunt and squeal itself look before he leaped. Turpin’s bucket yours. Serve us good and right for truck pure and germ-free and is there-. back to life; and here, in a corner, is of paint stood immediately in his path trying to be kind! ’	upon pumped into huge gasoline-pro a piece of an old buffalo robe where
and over it Tom stumbled and fell. “Going to paint the old fence pe|]e,j tanks on wheels that serve as Tabby can raise her family and purr
Green paint flew up in a glory of spat- : u.“‘te ?	, Jom 9	1	. distributors, carrying it to the sol- jn ^fe comfort. There is always
ter over the cement walk, green paint that punk ^ a it il t-Me first ram djerg whcrever it j8 wanted. It is room in the summer kitchen for any-
«pouted and splashed in full Ivantism *1 .	,	^ better green’”	; filled into the tanks by a hose through thing that is wanted near the house
favorite	^ Y Father	Opened T. door and opening, in their top,.	but not in the hou.e.
Before Tom could rise from the stepped out.	The water train may be composet Every spring the little building is
ruins his father was upon him, evi- .“I don’t know but what I agreet of a varying number of purification	washed inside and out; It Is
dtuning, by the speed	with which he	with you, son.	units (laboratory motortrucks), the	RUC^ a c]een cheery, home	like place
reached his son, the	truth of the	‘ fir Fom arnse	and o^teniai ions-	rapac|ty of each unit for supplying	that no one ever pasees its	open door
Father Bird clutched his son.	it is of the roundabout sort, couched iner>* 19 ln the rear part oi 1 n fields; and company always takes
•‘You young rascal!” he exploded, in such manner as not to involve the tortruck; the laboratory is in the front an enjoyable peep.
“What do you mean? Is there any j speaker in any accusation of senti- part. It is all remarkably tom pa c . Stately hollyhocks grow in profu-devilment on the face	of this earth	mentality. Generally male creatures	Electric lights are provided, so that	sion npar the doors, and one end of
you boys don’t think	of? I say	act on the principle	that actions are	the work when necessary may be car-	^ r0(#f j8 overrun wjth	a sweet-
jingled1	tate repairs when accidents happen	w^epe the tomatoes on the	sill ripen
for in the event of damage h> enemy ^ tiie sun; great clusters of hop vine
shade the south window, and here is a bed of parsley, mint, sage, thyme, chives and dill, with a great mass of pink and white hardy phlox for pure
Fortunately lor Two Small Boys, Father Bird C hanges His Mind Regarding plant and laboratory mounted on a
the Color for Fences By Mabel Dill.
Occasion
Hurry means strain;

?
I M
. BREAD MIXLP
\
me
in
S£c

‘Zowie
That feels good!" He leaned against the fence, gazing idly up the street.

and continue from three to five mi-
Test, and when done, re-
in the smaller room is a small cup- nutes board, where I keep all the vegetable move and put away in unsealed jars and flower seeds I gather for next j When cool, seal with melted paraffin
Here too are my

O
W% 1271
•17$
1
and from a blue ribbon by sailors
T.wmwroo.
te
h. M. Connolly & Co.
(Members Montreal Stock Lxchange)
106 Transportation Building, Montreal
Buy your
Main 1346
STOCKS and BONDS
NOW. Prices are low and return^ high.
With Victory in sight in France the prices arc sure to work higher. Why delay?
Avail yourself of our
Partial Payment Plan
for investing even $6.00 a month in any gilt edged
security.
to say but was forbidden by his posi
tion as Sunday-school superintend- quart* 1 m hi* pocket < nt, -teethed in hi
Write for explanatory Booklet
them
“T don't know but green does look shellfire
More the color
v>
Thomas tore himself loose
blue eyes were two flames. Usually .	, .	....
a mild, nice little boy, he became be- of the grass and the trees. VV hen you	¦
fellow* get it smoothed up a bit—a !
seocnd coat know anybody you think The summer hath so many songa.^1
SS? ^
".v.:"',:.: a J:».™.-, h..„ ...&	«.
frerkkd fwe. Then he went out to, «•¦*..	. ,	„	Of earth and sea and sky,	Helpful Kitchen Hint*.
" '	”¦ ~ """ ^ »•» ^ - n -, -
the house.	I to ÿce what we can do alniut the The fountains silvery sparkling sheen chen can be saved by using a large
Mother Bird staited up from the ‘Scou* membership*. I\e been think- pajMted to please mv "eye.	work table for your mixing, etc., ami
W where «he had been trying to take ing quite a long time that there isnt,	,	, reason for mv love	having ready on it a dozen two quart
s... ,h„	jsrskfLï.vr-.st'S
i~>-- ——-	— W‘ SM SS? Ï5ttolT-.Î.™ 5 Th. ,umm„ h.,1, ,u.h ,„fum, ....t	«“ «” "
He began sputtering explanation doing a kind deed each day—well,	Where blossomed fields unroll; t rei " ea ®u s ^ e_ . ,, ’ f
but Mother Bird interrupted him in that's the right kind of *tuff ”	The lilies blue, the budding yew gar, spices, flavoring extiacts, etc.,
the heart of his first sentence.	I The boys gave a whoop then. The, Amj roses damp with falling dew, all have their special place ami are
“The white paint?” She sat up on cloud of depression lifted for good—; incense to charm my soul.	right at hand as you A oik
the side of the bed. “You were go- a world of sunshine flooded their	. t jg cause for* and Vojct table drawer contains knives, spoons,
ISirVitit Li!" :A % SSL	'fl.,1USS T.. nr.i..  .. -nd r.J*. j	""	' —
time before? ! particularly told for the front gate and charged down	-*--- cups and mixing bowls of white
iMo* «urptfs^jrou.'1 she* added*	\ ^M^Bird s»w them from the, «hi,» Corn Syrup for C.ndn, j .*.«* have their ^*1	of
“To what ?" Rage still choked dining-room window. She knew, For home preserving the pure white the table, and the po a i ns
! what that meant—candy, ice-cream ^orn svrup gives thé best results. The hanging conveniently near. It is “To surprise you because you had cones, chewing gum, pickles, peanuts,' veqow* or golden corn syrup, with thus easier tu keep order. U#mg the lumbago. Been out there nearly ginger ale—no appetite for supper. •	. man people are familiar as the jars haa the double advantage of
two hours, working like anything! But she held her peace.	, kv.hW»et table mav be keeping cereal* dry and fresh, and,
.........*	mmà
way*	Always save the inner paper from
your empty cracker boxes, it is useful in a hundred ways.
Use the skewer* that come in your
His
better,” he went on
Summer
fore his father's eyes a savage young demon.
IIIIIIIMIIHJl
miiii«BB#iiin;
mini
¦nunt
in
finmi
Williams
PIANOS

New
Settle
N
t
HPHE outward beauty 1 that distinguish*! a
Williams New Scale Piano la an Index of It# Intrinsic worth
Into every one of theee
Instrument Ideal# of craftsmanship that make for the most enduring quality.
r nap
III
Ideals are built
The
I
Bungalow Model, $4*0.00
THE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA, ONT.
Canada's Oldest and
The glass measur
set Plano Makers
IÏÏI
mini)
him
&
V
Ingtàm's
*]Xclv'cola ,
rSouveraine
Face Powder
a-
lruy
Zed
(The end.)

?

? il

Every Ounce Telling.
The German is nothing is not thor- '
V

/

°x
v(
Value In Fish Waste
;	giül ËSfSSÆ
EEtüE Esr'E ! br.,r.r,'™,rr, ,1 hâur- cas ;
3=mL-L;| rSSTlSxl ' SëïtiHl
//]
No matter how clear and colorful yom complexion may be a few minutes' work or an hour In a hot kitchen will bring forth the perspiration nod make the skin oily and shiny. To avoid this use Ingram's Velveola Souveraine Face Powder.
(\

„ j
1 L. vt «• ; - A : !¦ ' W„
Just a light teach will , stay on until washed off. And It overcomes the shine and hides tiny tm-
Esch time you buy a package	*e,fr( T:6
of Ingram’s Toilet aide or Her	Ingram # Milkweed Cream la a dainty
fume your <b«KK‘M " Kive	preparation that la cleaodag, eofteo-
you, without charge, a large	( ^ nothing to the delicate ekia
portrait of a world-famed it ot.on	u2ues. It alee has an esotvelve therepea-
plcture actreae. Bach time you tie quality that "rnn## o’ the alrin a»C
Aak voar druggist.	eluding Zedenta tor the teeth, tSc
A Picture
with Each Purchase
j BobLone
a
i
UNION M,mi
, ncer
OVERALLS

1
SHIRTS & GLOVES


U17)
9*

»
###PAGE###7###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
The Farmhand'* Wager
FUNNY FOLD-UPS
The farmhand comes in for consid-
CUT OUT AMD FOLD ON DOTTED LINES erabie discussion nowadays, but he is
much better off than most people think. The Council of Defence of the State of Ohio has been making a sur-
By Andrew F Carrier, M D
Dr Currier wlti answer mil signed letters pretalntng to Health. If yomi
9 I I	..nnrti i taaatioo I# of general Interest It will be answered through these columns*
vey of labor conditions, end por^s ^ Dot it *;;; be answered personally if a tamped, addressed envelope la en»
that a married man working on th<- closed Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual rases or make diagnosis
/arm for $30 a month is as well off as AddreM Dr. Andrew V Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co. 71 Adelaida
If he were to receive $105 in a city ; fit V, Toronto.
that a $36 a month farm job equals a
$110 city job; that a $40 farm job
equals a $116 city job, and so on.
“Not taking into consideration," the
report adds, “the possibility of raising
¦lin ism
¦¦
suit, so that the farmhand who recelv- ' thus diseased become suddenly or un- fulnesa an.) power of influence.
ed $25 or $30 a few years ago ii now usually active the extra force vhich
it happens to exert would be likvly to

By Agronomist.
This Department le for the use of our farm readere who want the advice of an expert on any question regarding moll, seed, crops, etc. If your question la of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a complete
Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publishing
I'hyMral < hangcs Which Take Place irig tl teeth in good condition, for-
Afler Middle I iff
By middle life the tiuxue, of the Bleep must be encouraged at all co,| body have reached the culmination it is more important than food, and .1
fr m this there 1* worriment it must he uneoadl-
I. Exposure to cold even change* in the
Ajf
swearing pipes, cigars and cigarettes
iS
answer will be mailed to you Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide 8L W., Toronto
k

Can The Race Live W ithout The Cow? they could get along without butter-
fat, but this is not possible and consequently to have vigorous health butter-fat must lie a part of the ration. Dr. McCollum has called this
the “Fat Soluble
/ <
Certain acientiata have maintained that milk and butter were not absolutely necessary foods. They see
,rs z ÎÏS ¦.“Æïï.iïi! !
The oleomargarine people have had this vision for some time and the scientists of Germany have claimed they ecu Id produce a substitute for milk from soy beans which could not be detected from actual cows' milk except by careful analysis. Vegetable oils and the cheaper animal fats can be produced much cheaper than butter-fats, so also this milk substitute from soy beans can be produced much cheaper than cow’s milk, consequently, the time is coming when economic conditions will cause substitution of these cheaj»er products for the milk and butter fat of the cow.
But another scientist. working along different lines, has proved that a certain element of butter-fat is absolutely necessary for the growth of children and health maintenance of adults. This man is Dr. McCollum, of Johns Hopkins University. By careful experiments covering the period from 1907 to 1917, Dr. McCollum proved there are two what he calls protective foods.’’ Without a certain amount of these protective foods in the «liet children là»,not develop, neither can adults maintain vigorous health. It used to be thought that a diet of tubers, grains, rqpts and meat could he made a perfect diet but the experiment of Dr. McCollum in feeding various foods to young animals for these ten years proved that they cannot develop unless these protective foods are used.
And these two “protective foods”

THE SUN 13 WIGHT, THE WATERS WARN I THINK A SWIM IVIIL DO NO HARM
•	FQIDk/AAD	- 1
50 ONE FOR THE MONET M FOR Wf 5HM THREE 10 GET READY, AND IN I CO -
i
Many people to-day are hailing Dr. McCollum as the saviour of the dairy industry because he has proved to the world that the dairy cow is necessary to the maintenance of human life in a vigorous condition. The only argument against oleo up until now was that butter-fat was more easily digested than the animal and vegetable fats used in oleo; it Would melt at a lower temperature pie had noticed that young children did much better when a part of food contained butter-fat and attributed it to the fact that butter-fat was more easily digested and assimilated. But McCollum's experiments indicate the reason was because butter-fat contains this vital element, fat soluble A) which is not found only in the leaves of plants, consequently it is the best argument against the substitution of oleo.
The medical profession

j*
A
u

Observing peo-
Dr
Topic* in Season
Questions and Answer*.
X. Y. Z. 1 -Does indigestion af
%1 adonna lily bulbs may be planted drawing down his $40 every month this month. Most other bulbs should	as good, the Ohio investigators say,	ui	produce a break in one or more of 'he|
...	not be put into the ground until Oct-	$95 or $115 in the city, depending	on	weakened arteries. The a (*ries	feet the	nerves7
. p“bl,c ober.	I whether the man/* married or not. | the brain are particularly weak and
uchool teacher*, colleges, universities	Bcforc fro>t make cuttings of the Sump da Canada is going to take that is why ,o many people who have indigestion 7	,	,
and the reading public now under- he,iot verbenaa and other tender the steps necessary to enable the passed middle life have apoplexy. j 3 Does butter affect Indigestion stand this idea and are spreading the ,anU wh|ch vou will went for setting farmhand and the farm tenant to This is also the period of rheuma- 4 What part of dandelion is used pospel of truth so it will only be a vut p . next gpring.	, ,eC„re farms of their own. The help tisms, and neuralgias and gout and for medicinal purposes, and how 7
short time before intelligent citizens	The Italian, hnvp manufactured a may come in the wav of advance loans of obesity which makes people clumsy 6--Am forty, weigh 1«.8 pounds
understand this Idee and when they do	9ubst|tute for augar, It is derived	un land, stock or machinery	purchased,	and awkward and illy adapted to en	and am five feet and	six inches in
they will hesitate before they sub-	frQm grapeg by evaporating the juice.	0r in grants to soldiers	returning	dure pain and stiffness of joints,	height. How could	I reduce my
stitute oleo for butter, even though It	n u eaU to be particularly valuable	from war service. It is	inevitable	muscles, and nerves.	weight 7
18 2?ucl? fheaPer<	.. in the preservation of fruits.	that it is coming.	......	.	.	,
The dairy cow will not lie put aside, The	Department of Agricul- comes the farmhand will loom larger of the bladder and prostate gland ac-
because we can imitate her products. ^ reckons that a toad is worth $9; on the industrial and economic hori- compared not only with the annoy- digestion is relieved in one person hy She is	necessary	to	civilization	and,	a ljlar(j $g. a swa)low_ $o0; a tit-	,on than ever before, and he is	no	«nee of frequent call* to evacuate the	omitting	one kind	of	food, and in an
matter	what,come,.	I:	destined to	m0UM_ $8; „ robjn |4. „ bat> $n0. an	^conspicuous figure even now. ,	(bladder but with pain, haemorrhage	other by	something	else.
When the people under- ow,	In the meantime the duty devolve* snd other disagreeable symptoms. 3—If you mean by your indigestion
. . .	,	,	.	„	..	...	All the refuse of crops that are	upon him of giving good service and	Sometimes these things ran be pre-	“Does butter cause	indignetionT
ate Obtained so far as known at	the	, diet, especially childrens, they will	through f,.uitln ,hould l>e burned as	saving every penny for the	npportup-	vented and sometime* not. Perhaps	my reply would he that good butter
present time from only two sources- be willing to pay a sufficient price for, goon	. enough. Cabbage Uy which will undoubtedly be his In they are penalties for past sins which seldom does.
the leave* of P ants and the butter- whole milk and butter-fat so that he § g cucumbers, melons, tomatoes the n-ar future.	not be escaped and the best you 4 -The root of the plant > useful
rat of milk. If people could con- dairy industry cannot he driven to the ^ ^ |ikc gh(HJj(j not |eft to de-	_*- ! ran do is to watch them and try and and aiso an extract la made from the
sums enough of the leaves of plants wall by cheap substitutes.	ray	Raspberry Ruat.	make the symptoms as mild as pos- leaf, which is often used as a mild
The strawberry bed still needs cult!-	Spraying with potassium sulphide	®Mt. Malignant disease may some-jllnd of vegetable tonic,
vating. Keep busy until the ground	arrests the spread of the disease.'	times be forestalled by removing ele-	5- ! would not advise you	to	at.
freezes. Light frosts do not count.'	which will appear every season. The	ment# of irritation curing indiges-	tempt to reduce your weight.	Then
September is housed, ing month	best plan is to pull up and burn the	tion, omitting unsuitable food, keep-	I# nothing out of proportion
in the garden, and a good cleaning up plsnts and all diseased leaves that Prices of horses have been advanc-' Shorter days and cooler nights seem there is just as necessary as in the have fallen
mimmrnmmMmmrnmMmsmi
draft geldings are bringing from $800 should be placed now so tha. there can hogs Into the field to destroy the
Tractors are being ! be a better selection.	i grubs
used in hauling munitions and draw-:	Dispose of all stock that has not Lay aside the apples that fall off the product
ing artillery because enough horses been profitable. There Is no better, when you are picking and do not put cannot be secured for that work, time for culling than now, juat before them In with the - first-grade fruit There will be largo shipment# of this surplus stock starts into molt. , TJjq. slightest bruise will shorten the horses abroad after the war, which The molting season has arrived, keeping qualities, will take some of our heaviest and and ^/is important that the birds Did you forget to cut out and bum best animals.	have special care. It is a good plan the blackberry and raspberry canes
For that reason, it is essential to to keep pieces of rusty iron in the that have fruited? Better now than take good care of every colt. The drinking vessels so as to give the wa- never most critical time is at weaning, ter a tonic effect Large numbers of stunted colts get their first set-back when taken from the mares in the fail. Teach the colt to eat grain, if tt has not already learned, and when once taken from the mare, do not let It return. Letting it get back to the mare after starting to wean it may ruin the mare, and it will make the colt mean. Milk out the mare’s udder for a week or so, and if It becomes caked apply lard.
2 -Which solid foods are beat for

Answer 1 It very often does.
2—The question is too general. In
In this period also are the diseases
When that time
no

endu
stand the importance of butter-fat in

' *
i
Set out new i ^althy
of honor,” says the London Telegraph
Canada’s Answer
___	glorious passages in the record of the corps, and to-day it is
* —«——'*¦" " "
over lti
to $1,000 each
'
The Plain Truth about
Shoe Prices
! A recent Swiss decree provides for Young turkeys that have reached compulsory crop production by all September in good condition have land-owners, with the 1914 acreage as passed the critical stage, and during a minimum. All grain growers who this month will make wonderful fail to deliver the required amount instrides in growth and development. to the hands of the authorities must March-hatched pullets are showing pay four-fold the maximum price as every indication of early laying, if indemnity for their deficiency, they have not already started. If j Ripen late tomatoes by pulling the properly grown they will not only be vines and letting them lie with the steady fall layers, but reliable winter fruit on in a cool shed or in the basement. Many of the fruits will rip-Cover the vines in the garden
TTEATHER is scarce and is growing scarcer. A I large part of the available supply must be used g j for soldiers' boots. Importations have practically ceased and we are forced to. depend upon the limited quantity of materials produced in Canada.
The cost of everything which goes into a pair of shoes is high, and is going higher. Workmen by the thousands have joined the colors, and labor is increasingly hard to get. It is not merely a matter of high prices, but of producing enough good quality shoes to go around.
These conditions are beyond the control of any man, or any group of men. They fall on all alike. No one is exempt— neither the manufacturer, the dealer, nor the consumer.
You must pay more today for shoes of the same quality than you did a year ago. Next Spring, prices will be higher still.
These are hard facts. They will not yield to argument. They cannot be glossed over. We cannot change them, much as we would wish to do so.
But you, as a wearer of shoes, can help to relieve them if you will exercise prudence and good judgment in purchasing. See that you get real value for your money. Spend enough to get it, but spend nothing fo< "frills."
See that the manufacturer’s trade-mark is stamped upon the
layers as well
Remove the male birds from the ! en flock and keep them separated until with blankets when frost threatens the first of the year.	I and you may be able to save them
Clean up all rubbish piles about the for a week or two. housee this month. Rubbish harbors’ When frost has touched the tube-No single piece of farm machinery rats and other enemies of the poultry rose, elephant’s-ear and Madeira vine, has increased more in use in the last yard, two years than the mechanical milker.
In this country, where the labor shortage became critical early in the war as a result of the enlistment of farm laborers, the milking machine is the one thing that has averted.a dis' astrous drop in dairy production.
On hundreds of Canadian farms women, with the aid of this machine, do the milking. As the war progresses, many more dairy farmers will be compelled to adopt the milking machine, or curtail operations, or go out of business The dairyman who thinks the initial investment is too great or
SjfàDùirrte
take up the bulbs and store them. When dahlias and cannas are frostbitten, cut off the tops, leaving about; six inches of the stems roots in a clufnp with dirt attached.
_	,	.	. «	« Spread roots out in the sun to dry,
Returns from sheep are quick and jth	in a dry> well-ventilated
profitable. It is not necessary to keep ce„ar on the flo0r or 0„ Selves. Keep a ewe lamb a year before .t return, ^ varietiea labelled. a prom. A lamb weighing seventy-, Weevils may be killed in beans and five,pound, and costing twenty cents	b the ule of carbon bisulphide,
a pound will clip five pounds of wool To (reat these put them in a jar, tul)
next spring. At seventy cents a or/otber vessel which can be covered pound the wool would be worth $3.50,1 tj(fht,y Put into a glaaa about one
tablespoonful of carbon bisulphide! for each ten gallon* of space in the


*S
Remove the
or twenty per cent, of the original in-
the cost of upkeep too high makes a ^he °wner wil1 Jiave a xxo.^th more, enclosure, and place the glass in with mistake.	for breedm5 Purpose, than the aver- the b,a„a. Allow them to remain in
In the United States a leading west-	ewe that he could go out and the fumeg 0f the carbon bisulphide
ern dairyman who has 100 cows haa ,u>'* lt	thls .eW® , "Jb f°n‘ over night, then take them out and
operated a milking machine of B|x sumc, a certam aniount of feed which plece |n dry borage quarters. *
units for four years. To-day the P0881^ "h 1 '	'	1	1 lglin! \ not take lamps or lighted matches
original parts, all but the rubber per- ber' ^ ?mfe ther* s pasturc#and. near the material, and do not breath*
Bsasaa
:	very much to their own profit
and to the assistance of the Govern- dry; do not use heat
When sheep are properly store where there is little variation of
If moist wMf 9ÉM8
At the end of that time
Do
the fumes
shoes you buy. High prices are a temptation to reduce the quality in order to make the price seem low. But no manufacturer will p his trade-mark upon a product which he is ashamed knowledge. Remember this, and look for the trade-mark.
Save The Seed».
It Is not difficult to save the seeds of annual vegetables for next year’s
ga rden *WÊÊlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊiÊÊÊtÊÊÊÊÊÊt^
dried before they are put away for
the winter in a dry, airy place, out of the sun, on a sheet of paper until they are
When dry
•tam to ac
It is your best assurance of real value for your money.
They must be thoroughly
Spread the seeds thinly
v
AMES HOLDEN McCREADY
Potted strawberry plants set out now will produce fruit next season the same art Held gro"-n plants set out last snrirr
LIMITED
ment
handled they are mortgage lifters and bring thrift.
“Shoemakers to the Nation"
tern pera tu or allowed to collect moisture they will become mouldy or start to germi-Flower seeds may be saved In
WINNIPEG EDMONTON TANGO VTO
POULTRY, COGS end FEATHERS
Cindy Makers On Half Rations.
Candy manufacturers in Canada have used, in the past, eleven per cent, of all the sugar consumed in Canada. This has been reduced to a maximum of 5H per cent by the Canada Food Board, owing to the sugar situation.
WANTED
the same manner
Hi^'iaet Prices Paid rjfsipt urns— No Comintealon
P. I OUMN & CO
Tor.sero us Pfarkst
To renovate velvet with salt—Rub It bristly with damp salt and then
v ish
with Teh it hats.
U
u
Works well

###PAGE###8###
BERT WAINMAN
$50 Reward
flew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
The Simile Boot anil Shoe Store
To the Working Man :
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER
Offered for information leading to recovery of automobile stolen from Exhibition Grounds, Ottawa, Sept. 11.
New McLaughlin Car —Model K, 08 H	III 1.1 I I
number 28105, five jwsaenger, j>ainted dark green, Ontario Licence No. 54053.	•
Communicate with Police Dept., Ottawa, Ont
SHAWVILLE.
A Hiock of—
Victor Viotrolas and Victor Records
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
six cylinders. Serial
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
—Just coming In
Is it not a fact that the working man pays
more now than lie oyer did for the shoes he wears in
a year
Wouldn’t he be grateful for some way of low
ering that heavy shoe-cost !
The best advice we can give is—
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
Bring In your watches and jewelry needing repairs to us. We specialize In +hls class of wotk and assure you satisfaction.
*
FOR SALE
FOR SALE Reg’d Ayrshire Bull.
41 Burnside of Green Lake,” three years old—registered (No 51083). Apply to
JOHN Me’COR RISTON,
R. R. No. 1, Maryland.
Good Stock and Dairy Farm-Part of Luts 4 and 5, 1st Concession
of Bristol.
100 acres valuable bush.
Will sell 115, 150, 200, or SCO acres, as purchaser may desire
For
BUY
/
FRIDAY, SEPT. 27, 1918
particulars apjdy t°^the^owner.
Bristol. Que
The Williams Shoe
They will stand up better and give more service for the price than any other.
Improved Track Improved Buildings More Specials
Better each year.
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Write for Prize List
P. g —Women s Over-Gaiters in stock now. All colors.
G. A. PARR,
W. J. CONNELLY,
Sec -Treas
President
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
£r P. s.—Noted for its good meals.
.. The Fair..
Shawville’s Annual Event escaped really bad weather, but attendance fell
below last year’s mark.
ufT at when she undertakes the ring was the chief attraction, with tusk of making a loaf,—results Pmf. Coogaii, the slack-wire artist more frequently than otherwise, on the side. Variety was given to in many eases have been disap- the first afternoon a program by a pointing	real balloon ascension—the first
Of maple products-which of ever witnessed here. Unfortunate-late years has become au industry I y a strong wind prevented the of some importance in Pontiac— aerialist front repenting the per-
there was a elioiee ami interesting formanee the second day, and
display made up of the exhibits of many who had never witnessed a I. Barber, F. W. Schwartz and stunt of this kind were disappoint-Joliu Viumiiigham. The several eth
attractive forms in which maple S)v>ed contests on the outer ring sugar was put up, shows that our of the grounds marked the eon-local producers are applying some- elusion of each days -attractions, thing approaching scientific metli- Rain intervening on Wednesday od in their work.	evening, shut olf some of the tau-
Tliis year the ladies succeeded in end features of the program, inhaving something done in the eluding the grand parade of prize second flat of the hall for which animal*.	.	, .
they should receive due credit. It The Renfrew brass band fur-was the flooring and filling in of nished music during the two days the useless hole iu the centre of and also assisted in the concert the building with n large flower held in the skating rmk on Tues-stand, which gave that class of ex- day evening, at which the hibits for the first time the best was given by Messrs position they could occupy in the and Grace and Mr. Henderson all hall Strange this improvement of Ottawa. The latter warn ac-was not thought of long ago. And commented in his vocal selections ,p,	*	. I* if the Indies who had the arrang- by Mrs. Emerson Horner, who also
play of vu-trohis. The Jim or 11. . of the fnuoy work this year, gave a piano solo. The Misses
>1. Club, of Shaw ville, had also an |md spread the latter out so as to MvCallum, of Renfrew, appeared
Hill up the vacant space formerly in several character dances. Mr. occupied by photos and other Andrew Sly acted as chairman, works of art, they would have The attendance was good.
. further improved the appearance Meals were supplied in the dining the well-known piano tuner.and .. tlu,inll and at the same time hall by Mr. J. H. 1‘ettipieee of Ot dealer, had an exhibit of pianos	'tlu, exhibits to better taw a. The ladies of Clarendon II
and Bran tola-phonographs, and a adfn^„e, As it was the display skilled pianist employed to de-	was inadequate, quite a
monstrate the merits of his mstrii- nlllu)ber of worthy articles being ments, of which lie sold four dur- veml ovel. Qr folded up and mg the hair. With due regard for therefore eol,l,l not he seen, unless the comfort of the ladies interest- Luri(wity prompted the visitor to ed in the exhibit. Mi. 1 ingle had a i	the promiscuous lay-out.
part of his floor space filled with . exhibit of especial interest chairs for their accommodation.	that com,msing the canned
It need scarcely be reinarked his f . and vegetable displays of thoughtfulness in this behalf wa* the several home makers' cinbs of much appreciated.	the district for which a special
Shaw ville hair has always been .	^ven, and which, by the
noted for the excellence of its	'	was awarded to Wyman
vegetable and root display, and	... b Thig exhibit was done up
this year proved no exception to . ,Hgs talers, of which there the record. Our reporter lias seen	,a e number, and if the ap-1 sent
larger displays m the hall, but no-	nc* w«s indicative of the1
thing better. The samples of cab- lity of the contents the home-bage, onions, mangolds carrots ^ k £ are worthy ot the highest and potatoes were particularly ] vom.,limeut
noteworthy. One aged farmer, ^he girls of the Junior Home-1 Gate Rr.eF.irrs. who lias produced an immensity of	i mak(.rs- Glut, of Shawville. had an	Firgt	day	.	.
roots and garden stuff in his time,	interestillg Bed Cross exhibit, com-	Second day
said the first prize white potatoes |i(j of ft coUr,.ti(in Qf made-up
were the best he had ever seen jfrtk.les< suui, HS „sed in the hospi-anywhere. It seemed a pity in , wht,re the wounded soldiers
the variety was not tagged on this I % '%an,(%itaHau nature‘o^the I
"jtUn exhibl,	3"”“' " I M' F
and bean exhibits ; but surely “Cy Hodgms, ot the Shaw ville SjK.ncer.
there is enough grain to spare Motors Company had a real live Dairy, eu-.—Mrs. \\ in. Stewart, Hen this year without resurrecting last Fordson tractor on the ground | frcWi	J
season’s products.	this year, to interest the tarmei s,
The dairy compartment con- and in that he succeeded. I his is
sssLrïsrstiS?	..rs, »u »
facture which it usually contains, and eventually supplant toa gi«	Miscellaneous, Drawing, etc. Mrs.
It xvas noticeable that the display extent the use of horses, where | (Dr.) Fraser.

Call and have a talk with us
The sixty-second exhibition of tcrvals during the two days, and C. P. A 8. No. 1 has passed into naturally, the farmers, especially history as an event in some re- the dairymen, who are short of siiects disappointing. Chief of help, were much interested the*e were : A much slimmer at- .1. L. Hudgins is the local agent foi tendance than last year, and a this great time and labor-saver, shrinkage in exhibits in a majority which as yet has merely reached of the departments. In fact the the introductory stage in this only exception to this rule was in county; but the ground has been the horse department, in which successfully broken, and John L. there was a pretty fair compel i- stands to do a considerable trade tion in most of the ordinary classes.. in mechanical milkers before very Cattle stood next with a very good long.
exhibit, but numerically inferior A variety of other machines Mich to last years show.	as gasoline engines, sewing nin-
Fewer sheep, fewer hogs, fewer chines etc., occupied the remaind-poultry, sums up the extent of the’ er of the building, the local agent, other five stock exhibits.	had a good exhibit of the well-
Several farmers were asked w hat known Seely pumps, scales, and
they assigned for this short- other appliances dealt in. the face of the most pros- Within the main hall, the permis period the agricultural in central space this year was« industry has ever experienced, and ciipied principally by Mr. Belt with one accord the answer was : Waimnan, jeweller, with an exhibit of hi< wares and also a dis-
R J. HAMILTON
Mi
Office and Warerooms
i
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavutroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
; program Johnston
reason age, in
Shortage of helm the time it takes to prepare and look after animals for two or three da vs, anil the email inducements which the prize list offers. That seems to be the main sticker. Some breeders of course, are not influenced so much by the amount of money they take in prizes, as the desire to win, and at the same time show the public what sort of stuff they producing. They regard the Fair in the light of an advertising scheme, and you will invariably find these people on hand with the goods, and whatever the Fair can boast of in the way of success, is due in large measure to their efforts.
To get back to the attendance feature of the exhibition, it may be said that the crowd on the opening day proper (Tuesday) was l>erhaps as large as could reasonably lie exacted. An all-night dow n pour left the roads in a condition none too good to invite
and along with that ap-overhead were far from To those living a
Satisfactorily done
ice cream booth and did a lucrative business tor the benefit of out h, >ys “over there
of the entrance, Mr. (ieorge Pingle
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
On tlu* right
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G. W. DALE
can
M. Club also catered to the wants of the inner man at the grand
stand booths.
In the refreshment line there were several booths doing busi-M r. It. Me Janet, of Yanti, be-
a re
Why?
ness,	. jj ¦ ¦ i
ing on hand again as a vendor or soft drinks, fruit, etc., for his fiftieth consecutive year—some
feoofdlHflHpflHHHflpHHH
that this will be his last year.
The directors this year had to manage things without the aid of their president, Mr. William Hod-vins, whose business affairs in the West prevented his being pre-
Mr. McJanet intimates
If we offered you No. 1 Manitoba wheat at $1.00 per bushel, would you buy a carload ?
or
• • • •
• ••• •
If we offered you 0. P. R. Stock at $5.00 a share, would you buy a hundred shares ?
traffic
Comparative Statement of He
ceipta.
pea ranees encouraging considerable distance a wav, and not on the railway line, such condition'», obviously, were an obstacle which many did not care to butt against. The eventual dialling of the clouds and a few sunshine brought out the people of the in-lving districts in considerable numbers well in time for the afternoon, judging urogram. A large proi>ortion came by automobile and to this fast mode of travel was due no doubt, as good attendance as there was. one time during the afternoon it is estimated there were at least 150 cars on the groutids._ About half that number were in evidence
the following day.
A few weeks betoie the date or the Fair the building committee of the directorate busied themselves in providing a want that all along has beer felt, es|*»cially in wet weather, namely, a machinery shed, and a structure tor this purpose was erected on a section of “booth row, near the main halL
Well, then
1917
1918
$472.55	$580.50
358.35	397.75
If we offer you a $12,000 stock of up-to-date, perfect Men’s and Boys’ Clothing and Furnishings at 75c. on the dollar, compared with to-day’s prices—
978.25
136.40
193.00
252.00
830.90
139.80
178.00
327.00
Night concert
!
murs
Why not investigate ?
$1475.70	$1559.65
List of Judges
At
We claim and WE HAVE the best bought stock
of Men’s and Boys’ Wear in the county, and then some: Stocks bought a year and more back and selling at old prices are what we offer you, which means that your . dollar here will go as far as a dollar and a half elsewhere, and better goods at that.
We cordially invite you to call and see our values.
Seeing is delivering, and we are willing to let you be the judge.
Horses—Mr. Scharf, Ottawa. Cattle—Mr. Anderson, Orillia.
an
its
Sheep and Swine—J B. Spencer. Ot
of tawa
Poultry—C. H. Hodge and J. B
Bread, Pickles, Canning, etc.—Miss M. Macfarlane, Exp. Farm, Ottawa ;
iThe new structure contained one of the greatest attractions on the ground, namely, nil Empire Milking machine—an apparatus the nature of which has never before been shown at an exhibition here Demonstrations were given at in-
ARCHIE DOVER.
