###PAGE###1###
O
¦%
81.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
S El A W VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MARCH JH, 1918
No. 40, 36tii Ykah
rsr-—

h-
S*K
!#
ft j	> ' ^ | J .
Tfje Merchants Banlt of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
STl
Eitafcllsfctd 1864
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
officers:
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir II. Montagu Allan, V. V.O
VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR	E. P. IIkmdbn.
GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D.C.Macakow
4,750,000
I
â
*
*4 Branches In Canada
SEEDS
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets . -...................
230 Branches and Agencies in Canada* WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
tor the convenience of our customers it lias been decided to keep on hand cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 cheques, on which the 2c. war stamp has been attached. The books may be had by simply paying the price of the stamps so affixed.
CALENDARS—Owing to the scarcity of calendars in this vicinity, we have ordered an extra supply. We are keeping one for you.
$7,000,000 7,421,292 121,130,558
Conservation of resources means success.
Conserve YOUR assets by building up a Bank Account.
Savings Department at all Branches.
• e
# #
Garden and Field Root Seeds
now in stock.
We advise early buying, some varieties are very scarce and will not be procurable later on.
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr. R. Leger, Manager.
G. M. Colquhoun, Acting M'gr
Fort Coülongb Branch. Campbells Bay Branch, Portage du Fort Branch,
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
W. P..DRUM A. A, REID
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-dayi
Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
Most things can be anybody s gift— your jwrtrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
'	H. Imibon,
Artist in Portraiture.
MsBAfftr, Shawvllle
•r, Quyon
H. IM ISON, Artist in Portraiture
J. H. SHAW.
Food Shortage Getting Worse
A BIG DRIVE
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
n SCHOOL
The latest cable received from the British Ministry of Food regarding cohditions of food in Europe make it clear that a drastic reduction in the proposed rations for Britain may be expected by
the end of this mouth. The sup- ¦¦¦ JM	¦
needed. The Italian need is the paya cent more, i eatest of all. The people ot Italy More than 300 students from other local ave been on bread and sugar colleges have in the past joined our class-rations for some time and severe G#. Names and addresses are available, restrictions have been placed on Student# are assisted tojXMlUoo*.
their consumption of meat.	|	P.nm^b?^ %
ing. English, Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Snarks St*.
For Stenographer*. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 16 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
The work meeting of Shawville H. M. Club will be held on Thursday evening of this week at the home of Mrs. Cowan.
Ottawa, Ont.
@
Dr. A. H. Beers, surgeon dentist, will not bo at his office during the month of April, but will resume business again about the 1st of
Our instruction is individual, and the
COWLING
May
E
W. A. HODGINS
Tree tapping began ip some of sugar bushes in the vicinity last week,during the balmyspell which followed the “ 17th.” blackbirds are in evidence daily, and two or having seen the road-side, got “soaked ” out of their winter quarters or issued voluntarily, deponent saith not.
New Raster blouses—a variety of styles-$1.00 to S'1.50.
G. F. Hodoins Co. Ltd.
OTTAWA, ONT
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school Is open all summer.
Robins and
three parties report groundhogs along Whether the latter
SHAWVILLE
Wedding Belle
W.B.Gowuno, H.G. W. Braitbwait President
Principal
WlOQINS—Lonadale.
place in Soiith Onslow on Y$ednes-1 WANTED—An experienced Tinsmith ;
spis	*
M. W. Naughton, rector of Quyon, _______
when Miss Stella Margaret, eldest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Wesley Wanted—A Voting Lady Clerk. Lonsdale, became the bride of Mr. U. F. Hoiksinh Co.
Arthur A Wiggins.--------------------------------
A ¦SWttïaSrai jmsara star:
room oil her fathers arm, while medium sized parcel. Finder kindly Mrs. Naughton played the wed-1 leave at this office.
ding match.	I________________________
The groom’s gift to the bride was a necklace and pendant She also was the recipient of many other beautiful gifts.
A sumptuous repast was served at 7 o’clock and enjoyed by a large number of friends.
All join in wishing the young couple a happy and prosperous future.—Com.
took
A ver
EXPERIENCE
THIS WEEK
VS
EXPERIMENT.
The Rev. A T. Warren of the Holiness Movement, becomes the head or bishop of that organization as the result of the vote of the several Conferences, which has recently been declared.
The Bristol H. M. Club will meet at the hall, Bristol village, on Thursday, April 4th at 2 in the afternoon. Program : Election of officers for the ensuing year. Roll call—Pay the fees.
The Austin Home-makers Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Jas. P. Carson on April 2, 1018, at 7.90 p. m. Subjects t Election of ofti cers ; president’s address call—Scripture verses.
In last week’s issue we omitted from the list of those who left here to settle in the West, mention of the departure of Mr. and Mrs. Armen J. Hodgius and family, who have gone to take up lire on a farm at Hazenmore, Sask.
Lros for Kids. Special millinery opening for children March 28th—over J. H. Shaw’s store.	M. Koran.
Quyon. • - The Easter Vestry meeting will (D. V.) be held in St. John the Evangelist Church, Quyon, on Monday, Apr. 1st, at 8, p.m.
Learning office work Is like learning aay other kind of work or trade or profession
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they ait! the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac countaot, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our Increase was 45%. This year to date is even better. Still Employ era’ Demands Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
We Feature
Early Grade Seeds Rennies Cream Calf Meal Royal Purple Calf Meal
Stock Food “ Poultry Specific “ Lice Killer
Your family, friends and business associates want your portrait. A nice range of folders to choose from.
H. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture.
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa, Ont
Births
Willis College
1304 Sparks Street, entrance between Ketchum’s & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Roll
it
it
Wilson.—On March 18th, at the Homeopathic Hospital, Montreal, to R#»v. and Mrs. Arthur Wilson, of Hudson, a daughter.
<t
Death
<<
The Late Wallace Magoon
One of our Onslow subscribers
eenda the following from a Dakota n __	_ n n.	.
paper relating to the death of Mr. Rev. Rural Dean Phillips spent Wallace Magoon, a short notice of a few days last week in Ottawa which appeared in these columns and Montreal.
ft	S Hg? :	tir il	u Miss Ethel Hod gins is home again
The limerai pf V\ allace Ma-	several months’ residence in
goon, who died suddenly last Monti pal.
Thursday at his home here from heart failure, was held on Tuesday
afternoon from the residence, Rev, Saturday on a visit to her sister,
C. L. Wallace conducting the ser- Mrs. J. W, Rades.
vice at the house and the Golden	m
Valley Lodge A. F. & A. M„ of Mr. Sam Sinclair h home again I Jg
which Mr. Magoon was a member, after spending ;•	H <n mo,,f * !
at L Annonciation, Que
Brown Optical
PERSONAL MENTION
COMPANY, LIMITED
'EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
WILLIAM'S
Fly Exterminater
4
l
GROUND AND FITTED . . MODERATE COST
I
Mrs. Albert Richardson arrived
552 St. Catherine West
The best Lice and Vermin
Remedy known.
The bacon you save may save you bacon.
The garbage pail is as deadly as the U-boat.
High prices are better than a Hun peace. *
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUEr
Near Stanley St
taking charge of the services at
the gn.™ l'arment w«8 made	John' Horner. » h - ", I™
at
resided for many years in eastern 3,11 m y*
Canada and in August, 1897, he Mrs. Boles, professional nurse, was married at Arnprior, Ont., to who has been upending a few day*»
Miss Catherine Cniikshank, from in town with her purent*, returned which union eight children were to the city Monday born, five of whom are living.
About fifteen years ago the family
moved to Park River, Mr. Magoon Albert, Mask , who w vi-ii i buying the Billerica hotel which parents, Mr. and Mrs. R»h**r they conducted for a number of son of Bristol Corners. » years, later renting it out and two week-end guest of Mrs. R. Wood |	selling it and buying the ley.
small farm adjoining the city,	*— ?
MM *
He is survived by a widow and
Mrs. J. A. Ferguson, Saskatoon, Saak,;and Annie,
Snow, Gordon and Olive of this Our Junior hockey team went
River; Mrs. F. Hughes, Valeria, ]Hi\r-U t<i the veteran puck-	c. J a miwon, Maryland P. O.
Mont.; Mrs. J C. Williams, Arn- Hi ot that pretentious burg,	Que.	37 4
prior,Ont.; Mrs. Olive McDermott, Tlwr-e ive wh*7-4. The ice was_ .
oSSsttSsmrt?	ssstite.-xess:
St. Matthew’s, Charteris-Holy	relatives who at ended the funeral	victor, n a return match here this	DA^ypworn. Finder will much	oblige
Communion at 2.90, p. ra.	were Mrs. Ferguson and children	w*ek. but the sudden	break uu of	b leaving name at H. Bolam'a store, or
Easter Vestry meeting Monday,	of Saskatoon and Mrs. C. W, Hall	winter knocked their	calculations	i return to owner. Gbobu* Smith,	Char-
April 1st, at 2, p. m.	of Valeria, Mont.	out of gear.	lerls. R. R No. *.
Hi L WANTED- At once a girl to do Kin house work. Mrs. D. S. Kelley.
Something N ew.-Children a millinery opening March 28. We have a very large display of kiddieo* hat*. Call and inspect them before Easter. M. Koran —over J. H. Shaw’s store.
$3.00 per Sack
Dairy Meal Coarse Salt Dairy Salt Oyster Shells
WANTED—At once, girl for milking and general housework for farm at Wyman. Apply, H. N. Austin*.
1.75
n
1.00
u
For Halifax Blind
The following donations have been received towards the above fond to date :
Previously acknowledged $9.00 W. F. Drum, Shawville,
FOR SALK-A quantity of good Seed Potatoes. Chas. A. SMILEY. R R No 1, Shawville.
morni
1.25
it
Mrn. Rolwrt Smile*
e
Wil-
vm* tlie
FOR SALE—A quantity of good Mar quis wheat, suitable for seed purposes Apply to Hugh A. Horner. Radford
2.00
Paints
Varnish Stains Alabastine Whiting Linseed Oil Turpentine, etc.
Lost—Sunday evening between St. Pauls church and J. H Shaw’* residence a gold cuff link inscribed with letter 44 E.” Kinder will oblige by leav-idg at this office.
Services at SL Paul’s Church
Good Friday— H. Communion at 8, a. m. Evening service at usual
**<Baster Day—Celebration of the Holy Communion at 10.30, u. m. Evening Service at 7 o’clock.
Annual Vestry meeting —Monday evening, April 1st.
SEED FOR SALE—A quantity of Mar qum wheat and 2l)th Century Oat*. All g.HHi clean need grain. Apply vtKLDKUM, Wyman.
to Alex
FuR SALE—A mare colt, chestnut, rising 2 year*. Will make a good driver. Apply to J. K. Cowan at J. H. Shaw * atore. Shawville.
quantity of Timothy with Al*lke Clover.
that line of business, since bring relieved of farming responsibilities.
FOR SALB-A Seed, well mixed Price 13 cent* per lb. Grown on Lot 22 6th coo. John A. Telford, Morehead.
five children
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
é
acid stomach is dangerous most frequent cause of
CHRONIC DYSPEPSIA.
0
0
Dominion of Canada
5%% Gold Bonds

Yon muât neutralize the add In your atomach, says Doctor,
give up eating a wee ta, meats, potatoes and ealada and quit drinking tea, coffee or liquor.
or
i»*	__
W&m EBE mm® w§Ê?M
ëïMéîEM s==£§§
'rnÈmmmÿmm esü
IPiSi ###ms EEE
Bs-ssilEiiEiiipSilSM ii™
to 80 and even 90 degrees Fahrenheit j storP geus the tools. If you do »W thc 0l1 lme connectl° ;	^ pawe» on Into the intestines, up Blew* ted magnesia te abeolut^ly
below zero.	this work, grind the valves also, since . . - t . A     - , . ^ v , A . . . . .
Months of Darkness.	; lhyv probably need it and the work Is Clean and adjust the spark plug ter- M that you may soon require a serl- by
in the northern regions, where the worlc on the engine proper is needed. Bind up all loose wnes. titan tne, l^lohinf or eructation», heart much larger quantities and raueh more winter might continue for months, exampie u CMr with a silent chain ignition distributer, file the brushes, feurn ft burning sensation at the frequently with perfect safety Only in the month of April do the ; tjmi drive mav need chain adjust- ' if there are any, clean and adjust the pU 0’f lhe Btomach or other symptoms Be sure to obtain bleu rated mag
rays in the clear air begin to melt the ti(m Such specific information can- tern little can be said tha the a\eragc ^ )ZRiy ^e(t but If you go on fill neutralising *<xmach aoidâty, which snow on the roofs of houses, while in not ^ -jven because of lack of space, owner is asked to do. An inspection ^ your etomach with a lot of drugs is possessed by b leur» ted magnesia. The earth’s coldest region is the Si- | the shadow the temperature	still j ^QW ytart with one of the engine of the wiring and oiling up is all that you n^y get to the point after a while which le Inexpensive and can easily
bcrian Province of Zakutsk, where the marks 20 degrees Fahrenheit below ^ either cooling, oiling, igni- I would recommend he do unless he is when no food of any kind will stay be obtaJrwd from any roilaMe drug
often records 80 degrees be- j Zv	\ tion. starting and lighting or carbure- familiar with such apparatus. I on your etomach, and you will have u ion.
storms prevail.	—
PRICE : 9874 and Interest
Due: 1st December, 1922. to Yield 5.77% 1st December, 1927, to Yield 5.65% 1st December, 1^37, to Yield 5.60e q
.....
tablets and pills which olve snly temporary relief at the expense ef ruining the etomach later en.
Interest payable 1st June and December Bearer or Registered Bonds.
Denominations: $50, $100, $500 and 51,000

off

fîtes* bondi sre free from the Dominion Income Tax and may b< used as equivalent of cash at I 0C and Interest in payment for future Dora,mon of Canada bondi of like maturity, or longer, oilier than issues made abroad.
More complete information gladly furnished on request



Dominion Securities
CORPORATION LIMITED
TORONTO il kins ST. e.
HEAD OFFICE

LONDON. CNC
MONTREAL

EASTERN SIBERIA COLDEST REGION
means i ¦ m	u ¦¦¦
Clean the nil strainer too and tighten means death In
all the oil line connections.	^	^ ^ ^ ^ lûtwUn„ up. --------------------------„---- --------------
Then go oyer the ignition system. ^ then, gmd.dl#anrnng#s your Mvar, hArmlm. It te gonendly prescribed


ÜMIEKE THE SOIL IS ETERNALLY
FROZEN.
Inhabitants of the Province of Zakutsk Dwell in Air Chilled to Eighty Degrees Below Zero.


!
mercury
low zero!	! In April terrible
Here the soil is eternally frozen The transition between winter and for hundreds of feet downward, and summer is so sudden that one ran
imas
S3EEHE «Sïcr SH”
....^mÈÈmwrn mm
the gray tundra moss and occasional	u Jg man.eloug lo smoothen iMn “Kamst this contingency.	Central Empires represent between “The winter of 1887 was most se- air) i, a solid at that temperature
patches of bilberry, dwarf willow and |	, A large production of wood fuel is ^ an(, 140,000,000 of people Vere, the snowfall was very heavy, the liquid oxygen being held in it me-
grass.	__4-- the best safeguard against exlor 10 -	arf> practically barefooted and and the high winds almost continuous, chsmlcally
This ever-frozen soil exerts a great	Kites For Vir Targets.	ate prices.	! who, when peace is declared, will rush My men and I spent many days and The absolute zero of outer space
influence on the configuration of the	.	.	h	ti. i Municipal wood yards will, in many il)to’the market.	nights	endeavoring	to	keep	the	tracks	j	(where	there	is	no	heat	at	all) is sup-
lakes and rivers. It prevents the ab- Accurate mark.manship To je_ 1 cases, help solve the problem. The They predict a rise in leather to clear of snow, so that the trains might poge<l to be 523 2-6 degrees below tha sorhtion of the water by the earth. ; aircraft guns s \	> 1	' ,	, iargc operations thus involved will ,d duat pr|ces, and point out that not be delayed or the cuts blocked Fahrenheit zero. It would freeze a
There are no springs and no subter- velop itrequires^special prac ice, I _ jfy the uae of power saws, and *e mugt ronserve the raw material of with the heavy drifts. We did the best mnn ,0lid in less than a second.
ran van waters. It accounts, too, for whic . i gcu.s	power splitters, and perhaps also of t^e empire, especially in hide products, we could with the snow-fighting ap- if the sun were extinguished by
the greater number of lakes and targets are unsui a e.	motor trucks for hauling. The labor j to supplv anything like our own re- paratus we had, but our best efforts gome COsmic catastrophe, the solidified
marshes in northern Siberia. bor the One puzzle in\o ed > J £ .	! shortage will in some cases make it | quirements in boots and shoes.	were	but feeble ones, and after some oxypren, nitrogen and water vapor
same reason the rivers are very prone height at which an an pia e l y g. d)?sirabl{> to transport the wood to the since the beginning of the war Bri- 0f the heaviest storms our wooden wou|d, it |s estimated, cover the whole to rise and overflow their banks after This is of utmost	*	... muncipal yards in log lengths, there -n hag supp|ie(i to the army and the snow fences were completely buried,
a day or two of heavy ram.	shrapnel or other shell* J® ... J to be cut up and split by the use of :	; f our allies upward of 46.- ; and the cuts snowed up full.”	|
eeieeBi
too, until fairly riddled with holes needed for cultivation.	i	*• * *’ r ° B l
OXYGEN F4>R EXPLOSIVES
EVERGREEN SNOW FENCES
WAR ORDER BALKS SHOE MEN
CONSERVE Ft El

Curious Experiments Which Demon strate Value for W ar Purpose*.
British Dealers Unable to Sell High Much Admired by Passengers on Our
Government Railway.
Make
Boots
The U S. War Department has beer, making some curious and very novel experiments with liquid oxygen for explosives.
If you make a sausage-shaped bag of cotton cloth, fill it with charcoal, and then dip it into liquid oxygen, you have a formidable bomb—all that is needed to set it off being a deton ator of mercury fulminate.
Set off in this way, the charcoal (which is the thing that burns) combines with the oxygen (which supports
even
as big as


en

re-
town and administrative centre, periments show the ground is frozen to a depth of many hundred feet. At the height of summer only a yard of f unfrozen soil veneers ”	'	1
of earth and ice^^H
ex-
the
earth with a white mantle thirty-six feet thick.
J
Gulls in the Hencoop.
A curious custom of the Newfoundland fishermen is that of keeping seagulls of a large species as domestic fowls. They capture the young while they are nestlings, and rear them on fish, confining them in pens. Their eggs are eaten, and. for lack of a turkey or goose for Christmas, the fisherman is satisfied with a selection from his coop of fattened gulls.
Every Little Helps.
Every available maple tree should be tapped this Spring and every sap bucket ,pail and pan pressed into service, whether it is the most up-to-date equipment or the old time sugar making outfit that has not been used for years
pound of maple sugar is wanted
Every little helps. Every
clime can form little conception
A warm February day may give as [ up

Ip "THIS THE SPORTNG EDITOR.?
SAN NOU BIG RUM ,N0U\e GOT Ml GOtF SCORE 9? I hi Noun DlKTi OLD SHEET
AMD rr should
fl

V» &
ê #
A 'nnnLjâp
;
" nnnW=..>
* ! ! x
ee 79- Do No U,
l <$ET ME 79 !
n
nn
nr
nn

>
?
Û
i+~

\
l
J

<23t
###PAGE###3###












Sir Welter’ll PsrriUh Pen.
In the museum at Abbotsford there for many years a small Roman patera, or goblet, yiat Sir Walter Scott once purchased at the auction of a nobleman’s property for the enormous sum of twenty-five guineas. He would have got it for twenty pence if an antiquary who knew its value had not been there and opposed him. Sir Walter was wont to say, however, that he was almost consoled for the high price it cost by the amusement he derived from an old country woman who had evidently come to purchase some trifling kitchen articles and who had taste for the antique.
At every successive guinea that was bid for the patera this good old lady’s mouth opened wider and wider with unsophisticated astonishment, until at last Sir Walter heard her mutter to herself in a tone that he never forgot:
Thin announcement will Inter*.» VFive and twenty guineas! If the many of our readers. If your drug- parritch pan gangs at that, what will gist hasn’t any freestone tell him to the kale pan gang for?" surely get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house.
Speak Of Them In The Highest Terms

ROYAL
It 1» his only
2
Is s patient creature, virtue. He is well content to wait and feed. He is never in a hurry for his lunch. He selects his oyster and settles on it, firmly—even affectionately —curling partly round it so as to grasp the two sides of the shell.
Then It is a case of a long pull and a strong pull. The oyster is doomed.
He can resist a sudden pull, he can re-	_1	Bore corns, hard	^ eoras or
„i,t a pull which lasts half an hour,	,	any kind of a corn, can harmtowy'
Nearly all the common diseases tnai	but he can»t rC8|8t a three hours’ They cured Mr. West's Lumbago and lifted right out with the fingers >« u
headaches and backaches, ‘y"™880	-*--	^	gt. James, Man., March 18th— bottle of freezone at any drug store.
and rheumatism, debility and ludige •	^ HUMAN GUN CARRIAGE.	(Special)—That Dodd's Kidney Pills	wblch	will positively rid one’s feet of
tion, neuralgia, aciatlca and other	  Bre nvlng up	to their great reputation	*very	corn or callus without pain.
nerve troubles. It Is bad blood n	^wo	Exploita of Capt. Campbell	of |fl the WeBt	lfl twlce proved by Mr.	TMg	almple drug drie8 the moment
disfiguring skin diseases «	,	Flr* Canadian Balt.	and Mrs. O.	West well known and	u ,g	lled Wld does not even Irri
......
rich and purify the blood. There 1, no Campbell, V.C., of the First Canadian ^ husband suffered from attacks
rsyjs»»	». ». »... «»*•«• ««¦
in the blood. That is Just what Dr. guns over a parapet and reRC]le<[ 1 !	"1 myself took six boxes of Dodd's
=%% Li'vx	sr tutsans
purify and enrich the blood, an	maintained his position. Nearly all i ugl them and my friends cornpll*
disease disappears. That is why Dr. hjg men were killed or wounded. His | ment m<) on how well % look.
Williams Pink Pills have cured thou gupply of homb, became exhausted, |	^ hay> reromlllelldtid Dodd's Kid-
sands of cases after other medicines and when he burned to the machine — pui8 to 801ne o( my lady Mend#
had failed. Here Is proof of the be found that the tripod had dis-	complaining of not feeling
power of Dr. Wiliam. Pink m to ,pp^„d Ag he ,sized the gunpart	„nd tbeyv uko myielt, speak
cure. Mrs. M Stills, Who mUm from a falling man, he saw that the ]y of them/.
near the tow n *>f Napanee, say . i Qn|y ^wounded man was young Vir-:	Dodd,g Kidney puis cure the kid-
cannot praise Dr. W UUams Pink FUU who had the ammunition.	!	neyB. cured kidneys make pure blood.
1 was very much	Capt. Campbell and his corporal	lg why Dodd’g Kidney Pills are
quent spells of Indigestion. bilHous-	dirÏtly'Tn the path
ness, and sick headache. 1 had an al-,	^ tiermBn advance. The situant ost constant palu In my head and my	was dangerous in the extreme, Never work the soil in the spring
housework was a eouroe of dread. In ^ ^ ^ ()ddg seeme(l against the when it i# wet and heavy, as this is fact 1 felt so miserable that life held	when Capt. Campbell, fall- injurious. As soon a the ground
rjs. »!='•,,Vmf's wr„	sysi a
-bhsh m	......-
mmm pgs^a
i“ssas.sfsa — —..............
Pills, and note the speedy improve- He recovered, however, only to pe ment they make In the appetite, health form the same feat a few days later, and spirits. You can get these pills when some of the Canadian forces through any medicine dealer or by were In a tight fix at Givenchy. This mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for time a trench had been blown up by $2.60 from The Dr. Williams’ Medic In 4 a mine and was in such a mesa that Co., Brockvllle, Ont.	there was no place in which to set the
tripod. Again Capt. Campbell carried the gun on his back, again he helped to save a dangèrous situation,
Inhabitants of the Ocean That Are but not before he had received a
wound from which he died four days The human gourmand is not the later in a hospital. After his deat only creature which is fond of an oy- he was awarded the \ ictona C ross.
liter supper. The fact is that the succulent bivalve whose ‘‘native heath”
!g Whitstable has more enemies than any other shellfish, probably for the
reason that it is so toothsome and so Nothing will so qu.ckly remove easily digested.	childhood constipation a, will Baby.
The whelk, so dear to the East-end- Own 'lablets. They are a mild but rr, is one bf these. He sits down on thorough laxative; are pleasant to the shell, and, by means of an armor- take; do not gripe and never fail to plated tongue, rasps a way through regulate the tiomach *nd bowels. . till he comes to the oyster. When he Concerning them Mrs. Adolphe Noel.
—the little creature which sticks like glue when once he gets hold. The native British limpet is not much good at oyster-fishing, but his Transatlantic brother is great at it. Strange to say, some of those oyster-eating limpets
have arrived in. home waters, and Canada are promising to do every-
the starfish. The sight of a starfish bishops are sending out pastoral let- Catarrh la a very common name for you ever ^iad lo endure In sickening	fiTla'	up^the^ar”	tube	#o
SfMSUrZiSSti;	"-th*fE Sttixsæg BSW pikîfs
ms	msm
»¦**«
ss mmm 'mmim # ps
***** HI 3 ¦**
ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN’T HURT A BITI
DISEASE COMES
THROUGH THE BLOOD
1
was
MADE IN CANADA .
No foollehneeel Lift your corns and calluses off with fingers —It's like maglcl
v
V /
m
¦ nop6**
m
To Cure Common Ailments the Blood Must be Made Rich
and Red.
Why Mr. and Mrs. West Recommend Dodd's Kidney 1‘iUs.
V».


1
s t

y
, MAKES V PERFECT ' BREAD



no

YEAST

causea

When we farmer* try to run too many jobs at once we are au re U? burn the griddle-cakee.
Mlnard'a Liniment Cure# Dandruff

trained rat dogs on
Keep well farms.
TOM BALE_________
kkkly newspaper in WrcST-
ern Ontario. Doing a good busl-nrae. Death of owner places It on the
SStf"* pp.r,ra‘t ip»&vsiusa
Co.. l imited.
w
Tractors will some day do away with the necessity for raising millions of dollars’ worth of grain and hay for feeding horses and mules, thus releasing an enormous acreage for the support of human beings.


lumbago.
buying your Plano bielfft on having an
“OTTO HIQEL" PIANO ACTION
When
I
Toronto
ELL equipped newspaper
ro for $1.200 on quick sale. Box 62. Wilson Publishing Co . Ltd . Toronto.
W

INB Granulated Eyelids,
Miser L L A HE O V s
ifeSIIÈ 5?^	“s
reduced with	m i n
a
Ont
satssssssEss
Aik Mirüu Eye Bemedy Ce . CWtâftl
too highly, down la health,

y^gSORBINE

Grain eaten and wasted by rats and , gjgo other Bunches or Swellings. No blister, many farms would pay all the no hair gone, and horse kept at work. Economical-only a few drops required at an application. $2 per bottle delivered. * 3 M " ^ ABSORB1NE. JR., the antiseptic liniment fof mankind, reduces Cysts, Wens, Painful. Swollen Veins and Ulcers $1 and f 2 a bottle at dealers or delivered. Book “Evidence free. W. r. VOtiPie, P. 0 F., BIS Lymsm* B Bg Sentresl, Can,
I

mice on gggj farmer's taxes.
Doctors Recommend Ron-Opto for the Eyes
On Face. Badly Disfigured. Used 2 Boxes Ointment and 3 Cakes Soap.
»

Physicians and eye specialist# pr«* ribs Bon-Opto as a safs horns remedy treatment of eye troubles and,to strengthen eyesight. Bold under mofey refund guaranty oy all druggists.
a new
K
1tiS9
EAGLE
the
les on
They were inflamed and came to a head, and l could tear my skin as soon as • little heat came near them. I could
hardly sleep.	,	.
“When I saw Cuticura Soap and
Ointment advertised I sent fur à (rre sample which did so much good that I bought more, and I used two boxes of ; Cuticura Ointment and three cakes of
holm, Sask. _	.	.
If you have a good compleiion keep
it so by using Cuticura Soap dally a d
C uticura Ointment f-ccBswnsny.
For Free Sample Each by Mali
dress post-card: <4Cut leurs, Dept. Boston. U. S. A.” Sold everywhere.
/
1 The Cause of
cart Trouble
CHAS. E. SHARP. Haakshaw, N.B., Se(lt. 1st, 1905.
n
i
the
Faulty digestion can generation of gases la the _ sfcemaah whisk Inflates»* _
| down eo the heart a»d interfere
*5 with He regular aetien.ea.slae $yn. ihn meel. ”***^on
right,which .now, tke heert to
.bowing our full U.ç. .f .icyclc. for Me.
I gwt Women. Boy. ud Olrl«.
MOTOR CYCLES MOTOR ATTACHMENTS
SMSJRKB
' your supplie* from us at wkelesele prices.
T. W. BOYD A SON,
Street West, MoetreaL
- It is better not to attempt cleaning house from attic to cellar while it is still too cold to leave the warm rooms without shivering.
GLUTTON FOR OYSTKRS.
t
9
l
\
Fond of the Bivalve.
17 Notre D

THE ORIGIN AND DANGER
CONSTIPATED CHILDREN
OF
, —
akx


im
v





111 Mi
Ah! That’s the Spot
Sloan's Liniment goes right to it. Have you a rheumatic ache or • dull throbbing neuralgic pain? Y ou can find a quick and effective relief in Sloan’s Liniment. Thousands of homes have this remedy handy for all external pains because time and time again it has proven the quickest relief.
• So clean end aeay to apply. ton. No robbing. no stein, no incoovB
witli plaetere or ointmenU. If you
¦a . ¦ *_ 5  - — ..«..a ^t! I never ik*
---IF YOU SUFFER FROM---
Catarrh, Catarrhal Deafness, Head Noises, Catarrh of the Stomach, (which Is often mistaken for Indigestion), Catarrh of the Bowels, Asthma, Bronchitis, Loss of Smell, Phlegm dropping in the back part of the Throat, or if you have a Cough
SHOULD NOT FAIL TO READ EVERY WORD OF THIS ARTICLE	—	"
mail at 26 cents a box from the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock v! lie.
Ont.
YOU
I
What Parmint, the Wonderful English Formula, Has Done for Others, It Will Do For You
out It.
Clergy Promise Support.
The clergy of all denominations in
i
•U«l bottle», at all druggist».
Sloan's,
limmenl
KILLS PAIN
prices not increased 25c 50c $1
Sloan's



c
.cal That
Conserves

The recognized value of
Grape-Nuts
as a “saving” food for these serious time*, rests upon reel merit
Unlike the ordinary cereal Grape-Nuts require* no sugar, tittle milk or cream, and require* no cooking or
other preparation In serving.
A trial is well worth while for thoes who
iaS KssSEmr
sincerely deetre to
vs.
I “There's a Reason”
ISSUE Na It -18.
—add by Grocer*.
<
sll ports of tM

#
l

7466
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETING:
ORANGE NAU, SNAWVILLE :
Motion— O ' Ret 1 ley-Ward — That the Auditor'» Report and the Cash Statement for 1917 be adopted as read.— Carried.
The Provincial Secretary’s bill for maintenance of insane during 1917, amounting to #3101.51, was presented ; also a demand for #34.93 for maintenance of prisoners in reformatory schools.
Motion—McCleary-Dunn — That the Sec.-Trcas. K* authorized to \*\y the insane bill for 1917 as soon as funds are available, and also the #34.95 for reformatory schools, if he finds this council liable.—Carried.
A bill from J. A. Cowan for #7, for printing, was ordered paid on motion of conns. O’Reilley and McCleary Motion—P. McNally-Campbell this council grant #2000.00 to the Canadian Rod Cross, and #1200. to the MJanadian
Ml Thos. Whit ah», was not present 11)ls carried.
Motion Dtum-OTteilley That #100 l>e granted to each County of Pontiac Agricultural Society for 1918 - #300. in all.—Carried.
Motion — Isabelle - Campbell this council votes same grants to hospitals as last year:—#20 each to the hos pitals at Ville Marie and Renfrew ; #50 each to the two in Pembroke (General and Cottage), and #30 each to two in Ottawa (Water Street and Co. Carleton) #240 in all.—Carried.
Councillor Burden introduced the subject of a bad sand hill and washout on the town line between north and south Onslow, and Mr. Michael Gibbons of Onslow also addressed the conn-
THE EQUITY^
SHAWV1UE, MAR 28,1918.

n

O. Y. B. LODOK, No. 304. meats 8nd Wednesdar of each month at 8 p. in.
K.	8. II. Workman, W. K. N. Hodoin*
W. M.	Rec.Secy.
L.	O. L. No. 27. meet* let Tuesday of each
month.
IIkrh Hoimun*
W.M.
ROYALSCARLETCHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
II. N. lloiMlINS.
W. Cmop. In Com
A «lient time ago the Royal Rank t >ok over the Northern Crown Rank, ml now comes the news that the Rank t Montreal has completed arrangements '-a the absorb*ion of the Rank of British
In consequence of
some
CANADA
Income Tax Forms
Are now available
Returns must be filed on or before 31st March
Rkg. Hoihhnh, Secy.
North America
hew) siguiticaoct financial deals,
.copie arc beginning to scent the danger f the creation of a bank merger, which, >ià their opinion, might not be the best hiug for the country.
Bro. Hoikuna, Coin. Scribe.
That
CLUBS.
1
HE Dominion Income War Tax Act requires you to fill in one or more of the five special Forms provided before 31st March, 1918. In order to assist the public to understand just what is required of them, information 1	¦¦¦" Read carefully, then get three copies of the
Answer all questions fully and
penalty of $16,000 or six months'
T
TIME OF MEETING :
on each Form is given below, form that fits your case and fill them in. accurately. For making false statements, a
Imprisonment, or both, Is provided.
Individuals.—All persons unmarried, and all widows or widowers without dependent children whose income is $1500 a year or more, must fill in Form Tl. All other persons whose income is $3000 or more, use the same Form. Where any income is derived from dividends, list amounts received from Canadian and Foreign securities separably. Fill in pages 1, 2 and 3 only. Do not mark on page 4. Partnerships, as such need not file returns, but the individuals forming the partnerships must.
Corporations and Joint Stock Companies, no matter how created or organised, shall pay the normal tax on income exceeding $3000. Use Form T2 —giving particular • of income. Also attach a financial statement. Under Deductions, show in detail amounts paid to Patriotic Fund and Canadian Red Cross or other approved War Funds.
Trustees, Executors, Administrators of Estates and Assignees use Form T3. Full particulars
of the distribution of income from all estates handled must be shown as well as details of amounts distributed. A separate Form must be filled in for each estate.
Employers must use Form T4 to give names and amounts of salaries, bonuses, commissions and other remuneration paid to all employees during 1917 where such remuneration amounted in the aggregate to $1000 or over.
Corporation Lists of Shareholders. -On Form T5 corporations shall give a statement of all
bonuses, and dividends paid to Shareholders residing in Canada during 1917 stating to whom paid, and the amounts.
Figures in every case are to cover 1917 income—all Forms must be filed by 31st March. For neglect, a fine of $100 for each day of default may be Imposed.
In the case of Forms Tl and T2, keep one copy of the filled in Form and file the other two with the Inspector of Taxation for your District. In the case of T3, T4 and T5. keep one copy and file the other two, with the Commissioner of Taxation, Dept, of Finance, Ottawa.
Forms may bo obtained from the District Inspectors of Taxation and from the Foot» masters at all leading centres.
t the opening of the melon, is m very health .mil has gone south for a
In it is stated
-	First Tuesday,
-	Second Wednesday,
Austin
j oor
mx months’ rest hat he is anxious to retire from the portion of Finance Minister, which has
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday,
Bristol
Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
That
•een oue of ever increasing reaponsi--ility and involving tremendous mental Train mucc the war began rto no Canadian minister of finance as hu«l to deal with such weighty .roblems as those which have been itn xwed upon Sir Thomas during the past
and it is doubtful if any
- First Thursday,
• •
Hith
Wyman, -Shawville - First Saturday,
of each month.
>ur years, ther man in Canada would have been
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
oil
•¦qua] to the task, and few there are .ho would care to undertake it at this . t itival "(age of the financial situation.
—FOR—
Motion—Burden OTteilley- That Mr. Hugh Ross of Wyman, Que, be appointed a Special Superintendent to inspect the section of the town line between North and South Onslow opposite lots 7 and 8, where a sand hill and washout are located, decide what he considers should be done to secure a fair and passable road for the interested parties, prepare a proces-verbal in the matter if he thinks proper, and report to this council at its next June session.—Car-
Shawvllle and District
TO SELL FOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
News from the seat of war in France, vhich lm> been coming in for the j>ast vw days, is certainly not of a cheering hat utei
he efforts and accomplishments of the lhed forces in the West during the ist three years had gone for naught. People, however, are being counselled to e brave and hopeful and regard the #resent as the most critical stage of the ordeal through which they are pass-Never before was greater courage ^eded, nor the exercise of wise, far* ','cing judgment in leadership demand-d. This is the crucial test, and .t|K)n the ability of the Allies to withstand it depends the success or failure f the most mighty military effort the fun has yet undertaken >iaked everything on the issue, and if he alls short of the goal, as it is believed c will, the end of the conflict may not It' a great wav off.
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917, and Spring Planting. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
The situation looks as if all
Send for new Illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal com mission*.
ried
t*
Motion — P. McNally Relec - That this council adjourn till 1.30 this afternoon.—Carried.
Council resumed session at 1.30, p.m., same members present.
Motion—O’Reilley-Ward — That By-liw No. 57 of this council, to levy the County Kate fur 1918, be now introduced and read a first time, as follows, to wit :—It is resolved, enacted and ordained by by-law of this council as follows :	44 A by-law to levy by assess-
ment the sum of #7558.96 to defray the necessary expenses and outlay of the municipal council of the county of Pontiac for the current year.”
Whereas it is ex|>edient and necessary to raise the sum of #7558.96 for the pur-|K\se of defraying the necessary excuses and outlay of the municipal council of the county of Pontiac for the current year, to wit :
For maintenance of insane pa
Regular quarterly session held at tient» in asylums...............
impbells Bay on Wednesday the 13th 1 For maintenance of prisoners
March, 1918.	in reformatory schools.....	34.95
Members of Council present: The	For grants	to	Can. Pat. Fund.	1700.00
Warden, Paul McNally, Esq., and conn-	......Red Cross Soc’y	2000.00
v councillors Richard Kennedy, Wal-	......Macdonald Device R. McDonald, Michael Dunn, Win.	monstrator	of Agriculture..
Libelle, Charles Belec, James Ward, I For Co. Pontiac Agr. Societies
\lisha lleeman, Cornelius McNally, Jos. “ grants to hospitals.......
iilpin, Wm. McCleary, Fred W. Tho- 44 Sec.-Treasurer’s salary...,
in*, Duncan Campbell, Wm Burden " 44	“ office.........
.nd Patrick O'Reilley.	4 Auditors’ salary or fee*...
All the councillors mentioned sub- “ Special Constable’s salary < to their oath of ofli when the I or Varden informed the council that their list duty was to elect their Warden for he current year and that he thought Mine other councillor than himself liouhl be appointed.
Motion—La belle Belec — That coun-il lor W R. McDonald be elected War-ten for the current year. -Carried. I js hereby, levied by The Warden subscribed to his oath of dollar, on each and
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
staff must be paid on all letters i documents forwarded by mail to Inspector of Taxation.
Pd
Department of Finance,
Ottawa, Canada
and
Ontario.
Toronto
3

Cor. Ban\ St. & Laurier Ave.
Ottawa, Ont.
Inspector of Taxation, K. Fellows,
Synopnieof Canadian Nontm Wist land regulations
The sole head of a family, or any male
The Coulonge and Crow River
Boom Co., Limited.
over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject
equal share.—Carried.
Motion—P. McNally-Kennedy—That this council do now amount.—Carried.
H. T. Hubdman,
Sec.-Treaa. Co. Pontiac. Bryson, Que., 14th March, 1918.
He has
-MZ subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of x I available Dominion Land in Manitoba, «S Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant I must appear in jerson at Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of three years.
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as pre-emption. Price $8.00 per acre. Duties- Beside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead intent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $8.00 per acre. Must reside six months in each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are advert isod or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (out not Sub-Agency). Discharge papers must be presented to
or a
*
o
7
*
4
' Vi
COUNTY COUNCIL
Province of Quebec, "| District of Pontiac ' No. 2072.
a
1918 - Tariff of Tolls
u
© 1
©
O
!
s
Li
I
SÎ161..Ï1
a

2
>
>
Tariff of Tolls to be charged during Season 1918 by the Coulonge & Crow
River Boom Company, Limited.
In the Circuit Court. KUCHER MOUSSEAU, Agent, of
Fort Coulonge, district of Pontiac,
Plaintiff,
s
2.5
2
K
Û
fs I a« o i

I
i

U
VS
n
bC—
SB
300.00 20 » 00
PHILIAS LAROCQUE, formerly of village of Fort Coulonge, district of Pontiac, and now of i>arts unknown.
Defendant.
The Defendant is ordered to appear w ithin one month.
Bryson, 7th March, 1918.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU,
C. C. C
u

8 3
©
*
&
II
X)
5
«
f»V. 00
40.00
10.00
2,
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per 1,000 feet board measure.
15.00
• #

“ l>ostagv, stationery, print
ing, telephoning, etc......
44 sundry and unforeseen c\
I ¦ 11
U
2J
6*	1 71
60.00
Saw logs 17 feet and under in length, per 1,000 feet boa
Red and White Pine, Tamarac. Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 23 feet long, per thousand feet board measure........
297.50
2
1
5
0
• •
measure
}
Total. *7ôft8.96 Province of Quebec,
District of Pontiac. No. 2071.
That the said sum of #7558.96 tie, and
a rate of .001 on the every dollar of pro
ftioe, thanked the council for the honor I perty mentioned and assessed in tl onferred, and took his seat at the head valuation rolls of the several local muni-f the board.	cipalities	as now in force for county
Minutes of last session were read and purposes, etc. -Carried.
. dented 'on motion of councillors O' By-law No. 57 was read a first, secte it lev and Kennedy.	[ond and third time and passed.
The Sec.-Treas informed the council
In the Circuit Court
o
1
5
(i
WOOD CO., Limited, a tx*ly politic and corporate and duly I Ryt| Rnd white Pine, Tamarac, Spruce incor|K.rated, having it» principal	Rnd Hemlock, round or flatted. 23 to
place of business at Smiths rails, in	28 feet long, per 1,000 feet board
the Province of Ontario,	| measure...................................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 80 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet board measure...................
one
1-1 10
2-1.3
5J
0-8 :>
Plaintiffs,
vs
¦ lf _ w v	.	.	, Motion Waul-Kennedy— That the
ihat Mrs. I). McKay, sinœ last ses-siuii, ^. .Trcas. be authorized to collect 312, m<l refunded the #15 paid by this coun- 261.01 Sinking Fund from the local mu il to Special Superintendent Thomas nicipalities, one half in June and the Shinn, re. the Litchfield-Mansfield water 0Hjer half in December.—Carried.
I ¦¦¦that the township of N ortli Motion __ McCleary Kennedy - That inslow had refunded all outlay ot this tjic Sec.-Treas. send to each local coun ouneil re. the Ma.sham-Onslow town cjj au cxtract from the Prov. Secretary 's ine, amounting to # '6.23 ; that the |,||| ^ maintenance of insane for 1917, ownship of Clarendon had refunded it * showing the name of each insane pa-half of all expenses of this council re. tjen^ coming from such local municipal-lie U arcmlon-Litchfield town line from with the amount charged for his he Calumet to the Walls road, amount -1 maintenance for 1917, and that each province of Quebec, ng to #119.58 ; that he had paid the : jC)cai council and sec, treas. is hereby re-1 District of Pontiac. $1(X). voted to the sufferers by the ex- qUe8ted to collect from the responsible ulobion at Halifax, N.S.; and that L^* relatives of such insane patients such lad |laid #2500. on the grant of S3UU0. amounts they may lie able to secure,
,o the Canadian Patriotic fund tor | ao(j deposit any sums so collected to the 1917, leaving a Lilance of #500. ot said credit of the county's account in the
-rant to still be provided for.	Merchants Bank in Shaw ville. Que.—
McNally-Kennedy—That |
. w. w. cony,
Deputy Minister of the Interior N. B.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement w ill not be paid for
PH I LIAS LAKOCQUK, formerly of village of Fort Coulonge, district ot Pontiac, and now of parts unknown,
Defendant. .
The Defendant is ordered to appear | Pulp wood, per cord within one month.
Bryson, 7th March, 1918.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU,
Ü
fll
71

6
2
5
1
)urse
Farms for Sale
No. 1—East half of Lot No. 26, 3rd range Clarendon, containing about 100 acres, of which 50 acres are under cultir vation, at present m hay and ^mature. ' Erected thereon are a good comfortable dwelling house ; machine shop and granary ; good barn 30x40 ; two good cattle sheds and horse stable. Fifty acres of bush land timbered with spruce and cedar.
c ü C Rheumatism, Kidney, Stomach and fourth <w» of you,- remedy."
1	%	9	Sufferers should secure a supply of
-------- Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured, this splendid remedy at once from Sliaw-
I %	____ ville Drug ('<»., Shaw ville, Que ; Cm
, Fort Coulonge, Que.; Ltd., Rideau St., (Itta-
V
}
longe Supply Co J. L Rochester, wa : or direct from the manufactnn i W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
I Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail oi-ders, add sufficient to cover postage.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidnfy Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Summary Procedure, I	Success.
District Magistrates’ Court	.-...	..
\T Quyon.	For rheumatism or kidney trouble,
WISP
No. 22
No. i.-North Half of Lot No. 26, ird 'range Clarendon, containing 100 acres, cultivated ; has been in hay and ture during the jiasi year,, Good house, good barn and good stables. Fenced around end and side with wire.
These two Farms are one mile from Portage du Fort railway station ; 2& miles from saw mill, two churches, cheese factory and school. The soil ia rich loam.
Further Darticulars and terms may bo Ii.t'l <»n application to
30 3m
ouncillors Dunn and O'Reilley in con unction with the Warden be County
###a
###
the Auditor’s Report for the year 1917, counci
ihowing #105530.49 in the Sinking Fund in the Bank of Ottawa on the 31st Deem ber, 1917 ; cash balance of #2023.54 in the Merchants’ Bank at Shawville on same date ; #3270.36 arrears of Sinking i, #498.06 arrears of Countv Rate, and $310.41 arrears of Special Rates lue on same date.
FOR SALE
The rejiort of Special 8u|*riotendent E. Morency, P. L. S., on that
l Massey Harris Binder 1 Hay leader 1 Disk Harrow 1 set Double Driving Harness 1 Cream Separator 1 Range
1 Sewing Machine 1 Lawn Mower
MRS. JAS. WILSON,
Shaw ville
A. J. Miller, grocer and l»aker, Renfrew, writes : 44 I bad rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free ffoin all pain and stiffness C McCabe, H. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, “ I was troubled with rheuma
vs.
H. N. ROLAND, of the Village of Quyon, in the County of Pontiac,
Defendant
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
Quyoi, 12th March, 1918.
W. H. M EREDITH,
Clerk of said Court.
37-4
JAMES HART, Portage du Fort
writes*
Usa for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Plaunt St.,
„.,ïï	I STRAYED I æqsA&p
K Morency, as above described, be Strayed on to my premises some time I of medicine. Two bottles ol j our > ic adopted and homologated, and that the in November, one ewe. Owner is re- tory Rheumatic and Kidney Lure com said section of town line be declared to quested to remove same at once and pay I pletely cured me be at the charge of the two local muni- i expenses incurred, and oblig»*	I Mr. D. M.
cipalities of Clarendon and Litchfield as	GEORGE SMITH, * I writes	¦	A
to construction and maintenance, in |	R. R. No. 2, Charter!», Que.[asthma or coughir,* ^ n ¦	| t h-
FOR SALE
For Service.
% »
Cheater White Hog for service.
Apply to
PETKK hrownlkk.
Mh Range, Clarendon.
1 stack of Clover Hay,
1 span Horses, about 2800 lbs., young
1 Holstein Bull, (
50 White Legh 1 McCormick Boeder, (14 disc) as good as new; also a quantity of good seed potatoes.	H UGH BROW N LEE,
R. R. No. 1, Bhawville.
) rising 2 years
oml
382
ens,
Robertson, Renfrew 141 have not had an attack of,
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
Ku

02811215
###PAGE###5###
flth such force as to Imperil the life »f anyone who ventured to travel the ength of the vessel even with the i»sistance of the heavy cable that la itretcbed from end to end, with the mow blowing In such clouds as to nake It Impossible to see more than i ship's length, la a vastly different proposition than sitting under an iwnlng whiling the hours lazily iway, waving an occasional greeting to a passing freighter, and waiting for the ever-welcome summons from he commissary department, nan who could distort such a jour-ley into a picnic certainly would lessees queer ideas on what con dilutes enjoyment.
From Duluth and Fort William ind the other ports on Superior to be end of the trip down on Lake Brie the final cruise for every vessel mgaged In keeping navigation open o the last moment was a memorable
THE EQUITY,
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tinware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.
4 Weeklf Jourfitl denied to Loot Iqtemto. ^ftkllikti every tkirili y
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
NEW
1SCR1PTION, $1 A YlA* Ilf ADVANCE
_ All Arrears must be paid up before any paper la discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for Int Insertion and 6 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
•Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for flrat Insertion fttid 8 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be In «*rt*4 until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry ^declined#
Give m a call.
* »
EASTER GLOVES
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
The
O. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
As Easter always suggests new Gloves, we are offering for your approval an excellent assortment of materials and styles.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
went.
Ordinarily marine Insurance on the jreat Lakes Is limited to November 30, although there Is usually a volun-ary extension of four or five days ?eyond that date to accommodate he final rush. This year the expiration date was moved ahead to December 12, with the further privilege >f going out aa late as the twenty-tecond.
noasure, put into effect by the companies Interested because of the vast luabtities of coal and ore and grain to be moved, the railroad congestion, ind the desire to lend the Government all possible aid.
As a result the early part of December found scores of boats still In commission that ordinarily would aavo been laid up long before that late, with every prospect that they could continue uninterruptedly for to me time.
Then came the quickest shutdown n twenty years, according to veteran narine men. clogged, floating Ice drifted into the 3t. Clair river at Port Huron with a temperature below zero to aid In 'orraing a barrier. Lake St. Clair, vhich up to that time had been an >pen sheet of water, became a sea of oose ice that speedily piled high and congealed into masses at some points several feet in depth.
With the channel kept open between Detroit and Windsor by the passenger and car ferries, the loose ce continued down stream, piled up n the vicinity of the Livingstone channel and Araherstburg, and put in effectual stop to navigation either ip or downbound in that vicinity, except as a channel might be broken hrough by powerful tugs and carfer-•ies acting as pathfinders.
As a result, almost over night 100 >r more vessels, valued at mafiy mil-ions, and carrying cargoes in many nstancee representing more than a lalf million dollars each, were confronted by the prospect of tying up 'ar from their intended destination, ind even spending the winter in mid-ake, hemmed In by an unbreakable barrier of ice.
It was a time for strenuous action, ind the men who were accustomed to iolng things on a big scale rose to he occasion with a promptness that mrned seeming disaster into victory ifter one of the most thrilling fights ;ver waged on the lakes.
Grand Trunk and Pere Marquette car ferries, powerful Ice-breaking Ueamers of the Detroit & Windsor
Ladies' Kid Gloves
In colors of grey, tan, white and black—
at $1.75 per pair.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
\ll kind, ol Job Printing nently (ind
Orders by mail
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
This was largely a war
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
Professional Cards.
Washable Gloves
White Doe Skin Gloves—washable—very dainty and still a good wearer. $2.00 a pair.
Custom Sawing.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbell* Bat • • Que.
doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGlN University.
(Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
(Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec .
St. Mary’» river was
Stuedetex
This is of Lisle Thread, splendid wearing quality—washable—some plain, some fancy backs. Colors white, pongee, buck chamois,
at $100 per pair.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 0.15, a. ns.
Lv ( B) 14	“	3.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.40, p. m.
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 8.25, a. in. on Tuesday, Thursday,
8. A. MACKAY
and Saturday only.
Shawville— Oitawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.28, a. m. Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 8.55, a. ni. Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, p. m. Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouves :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St. 205, a. m.
Ottawa—Pembroke :
NOTARY PUBLIC
... Que.
Shawville,
Men’s Gloves Just Arrived
Grey Swede, Dog Skin, Chamois. Different sizes. $1.50 to $2.00 a pair.
A. j. McDonald b. c. l.
advocate, dadaïste*, *e.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. rn.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. in. on Monday, Wednesday
and Saturday only.
Note :	(A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Daily except Monday
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
C. F. HODGINS CO. LTD.
CEI.G.WRIC«T,K.C.
A i vooATi. Bawwiera*. *c-
FIGHTING KING FROST
aownaiream, its upperworas ana much of the hull hidden beneath an Icy coating, and faded away into the baxe as eerily as It had come.
But the laat boat down this year was stripped of much of the accustomed glamour by those who had gone before, fighting foot by foot,
, battling with snow and Ice In zero breakers Ever Gathered in I hi* weather, picking their way warily
Country Helped the Vessels Con- through the tortuous channels from
which the customary guides had long leet, tugs of the Great Lakes row-lince been removed.	ng company and. others were
There have been other seasons wrought into play, but it took their when navigation proved as danger- *ombined efforts and many hours of ous as it was in the one just closed jnremittlng battering at the Ice jam 1—perhaps more so In some respecta, before the boats held fast at the head The terrific gales that in past years if Lake Erie and In the lower river close of navigation on have swept the lakes, leaving death were enabled to move, the Great Lakes for 1917 and desolation In their wake, piling Bucking ice is not the sort of pas-
-m « ¦« ««-'".y sxM'œsï j.?;, :,::x es*
HULL Inp its position among similar events l0 a watery grave, and inflicting rime and again it seemed that the
«ïSSÊi
winter settled down almost over but In purely spectacular effects 1917 Lards again, only to find that further night, and In a few hours forged ice bad few. If any, equals.	headway was Impossible for a bit,
""	•• - - j: iurisu'£&ter.« .a
^	,	.	. Into the Detroit river on that memor- /easels that followed could reach the
all kinds oh	knowledges that it was the most	abje afternoon when, following in	>pen water.
Surveying. Division and Subdivision ot g^enuous finish within his memory,	the wake of the steamer Britannja, of	Yard by yard, rod by rod, mile by
sssskes ssssaai bssssho
tlon of partit*.	ter accustomed for a score or more the io# In Lage gt, Clair, rounded the lind it came the heavily-laden
ITi'ir of years to battling with the elements foot of Belle Isle and came to an,- rreighters, doing their bit as best niia.. al their worst, there was a striking chor abpeagt of each other along the hey could, moving almost Impercept unanimity of opinion regarding the p^rolt waterfront.	bly, it seemed to the watchers on
summary manner in which the wea- Nol a vessei in the fleet but bore ihore, but ever gaining a little.
ceoroe HYNEsp'“".r.,.^ï,.ïrM:	v.?	Li^srîra'^fss
'to bring down every possible ton of	were covered to a depth of brill# before the first of the tce-
ore and buahel of grain from the MTeral lncbel with Ice formed when breakers succeeded In cutting a
Embalmer and Funeral Director |^t:'t^.a.TU"tÆ%Z ^Zd'^L%%%.h:% >»WJS KJ-iS
How the toe kfng atretched forth	ofte"n‘wvertitoet ‘l^IeSgth! ^Eventually all the ships reached
his hand and In an incredibly abort c|ung ’te the eteel tolls giving ef- port, and when the coal stove league
Pdrsoaalattention.OpeDallhours. :^.Ær^kM.^d°fiZ	IH-.'y" w. “^?.rPSdm,o280Ciet'
'Mary's and St. Clair and the Detroit	However that was only part of the	winter there will be a fresh crop of
Hvers with ice In such quantities as	itory_the ,eeat important. Behind	,tories regarding the most spectscu-
would ordinarily have been consider- ..	* ,heathtng that gave the ves- ar cruise of two decades. And It Is
ed Insurmountable, and how in turn I , , ,host-llk# appearance there » safe gamble that with all the he was cheated out of his anticipated WM hidden a narrative of daring ibrllla with which these narratives Prey and bin efforts brought to . on, lbe exigencies of war nay be embellished the hslf will not naught by a small army of fndomlt- and the cl_lng need for the supplies lave been told.—Detroit Free Press.
.......-i*bLa.men who m*rshaled ingenuity ^lng transported could produce. As
SHAWVILLE |and force on a scale never before at- re]ated by the men aboard the ar-	Reforestation In Quebec.
—*mmwaam
vessel and crew who had braved the creâBed
elements In adding another trip to But coming d#wa the lakes in a the season's record, something In-	__	_
fes-'i	*S“ xras-w »•
MARION A MARION,
364 University it* Montréal.	Ü9>
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
Hull.
106 Main St.
HOW THE LAKE FLEET MADE
ITS LAST TRIP.
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted)
Highest N|arket Prices Paid.
I have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned while you wait, at 10c. per cwt. for coarse grains.
Never in the history ot our country was it more necessary to sow good seed and to sow only that which will grow.
Get your seed ready before the rush. You will need every hour in seed time.
The Most Powerful Fleet of l< e-

UUnlng Grain and Ore to Reach Lake Erie in Safety When Winter Arrived Prematurely.
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed -nesday and Shawville every Saturday.
HEN marine historians s»t about chronicling the
w
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
191 MAIN ST.,
WM. HODGINS.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND MRVIYOR
every boat on the lakes, freely ac-
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
162 Wellington St. - -
Phone : Queen 5230.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
u
- M*;o Street,Shawville.

FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
UNDERTAKING
and EMBALMING
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
SPRING OVRCOATS
W. J. HAYES
MAIN STREET
This weather you will find you will find your Winter Coat too heavy. We anticipated your requirements by stocking some nice Spring Coats in greys and blacks. Prices from $10.00 to $16.00.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
^apnal attention
Our Ready-to-wear Clothing
AGENT FOB
is especially attractive to the man who wants to ho well dressed.
SHAWVILLE •
We build Suits to fit.
PATENTS
lia-M:
MURRAY BROS

•S
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
###PAGE###6###
Articles Wanted for Cash
CREAM WANTED Food Control Corner
long flies of ambulances which moved as rapidly as the darkness and the
awful condition of the roads would - -	-I-	_	.
mmm wm?k mmm.
jolting. We had vivid glimpses of ,	" —prices payable to the fishermen a
h , , ,
i>er tiers of stretchers on either side.	*10_6 .   operating on “Company BonU" or In- fi8h delivers! at the place of sale
wmm :
was concealed in the ruins of houses features of its year s operations net Wlin ttnd Manitoba for flat fish caught charges from landing point to sell-on every side. The guns were tir- fOI|h elsewhere In this Issue, Cana on the “Company Boat," iced and box- |ng point of such fish, ing at a tremendous rate, the shells <lu> lnrK«*t life assurance company ed, 0r frozen and boxed, must not ex-	.
exploding several miles away with a . jUKt closed a highly satisfactory	five cents per pound, over and. Some gullies should be tilted and
sound of jaring thunder claps.	Total assurance* In force on the #bovQ the Rctuai price paid to fish- discouraged. Some should be straight-
mm mm mmmmm
transport wagons, the horses rearing H Canadian life company.	0r frozen and boxed must not exceed, onion in two ta lesp * g
and plunging in the darkness. We The Company's Head OMice s art s . cents per pound exclusive of oil until it is a defies to br approached u crossroad and halted to now installed in the flue new Sun Uie .barges over and above the price tht com and potatoes, cover with wa*
make way for some batteries of field Hullding recently erected on Dominion I	iQ tbe fishermen. On Ur and cook until «oft. Add he
pieces moving to new positions Ihev R	Montreal, where the adoption	J 1 h than halibut and on milk, in which the crackers have been
'r-v?HEEEE
looked like a series of splendid sculp- in the administra
tu red groups.	I m'Sî4*
We moved on and halted, moved on again, stumbled into ditches to get out of the way of headquarters cars and
motor lorries, jumped up and pushed A Collection of Daguerreotypes Would Every step through the thick mud was taken with an effort.
i
hlnvi Curie si 41ewem i
OU Jews
I
£C I
i
Leave It to Parker
the sale of
*** Vrtte^w	%»%2e «•
ss sad SS College Street. Toros to. Ost.
HE postman and expressman will bring Parker service right to your home.
Whatever you
T
dealer in the four western provinces limited to three cents per pound and above the actual coat of such
We pay carnage one way send- -whether it be household draperies or the most delicate fabrics—will be speedily returned to their original freshness. When
are
you think of
Cleaning or Dyeing
think of PARKER’S.
A moat helpful booklet of suggest ions will be mailed on request.
Parker’s Dye Works, Limited
TORONTO
Cleaners and Dyers
791 YON GE ST

Ramsay s Fine Floor
Paint—
Uti

Iob Lone
is made to be walked upon, that is the floor Paint you want. It is time tried for severe usage. There's a Ramsay dealer in your town; consult him, or write us for booklet

A NEW FAD
SilaSsâ Wd IX4I
Union-Made
B, An Interesting Possession
on
We
frequently lost touch with the troops ! 11ftve you a hobby ? Here is a ahead of us and would have to march .	. new one< just out of somebody’s
wmsmm^z
out of a book by William .Tames which sticks, rugs, odd dishes or beads . » >
I had read several years before. He not daguerreotypes ? What could had said, in effect, that men have jeld more interesting stories than layers of energy, reserves of nervous Jhege dainty little colored relics of the I force, which they are rarely called,	, Trul tbey are 0f the past, for
truth of this statement during that Did you know that.
, night march, and at intervals later,| So lot us go to gram.father fi# h when I felt that 1 had reached the the old picture box in the writing desk end of my resources of strength. And drawer and find them in their little ( 1 found ‘ it to be practical wisdom lush an(j gold-rimmed cases. Per- ( ! which stood me in good stead on more .	9 you wft) find one of grandmother (
mud and many were soon asleep de- and you will catch yourself looking iite the terrific noise. Our batteries, for the different types ot faces.
_ jncealed in the ruins of houses, were j bave 0ne that I hold dear—it’s a keeping up a steady fire and the (îvr- double. A broad-shouldered young man guns were replying almost as i k$ng out on a beaming world, while
[ mmm sssmm
leaning across their bodies; others you are proud of, and in a fad wnicn standing in attitudes of suspsended *0flfers an easy field of acquirement.
Tlie noise was deafening
A. RAMSAY & SON COMPANY
Makers nf Paint and Varnishes since 1842
MONTREAL VANCOUVER
Overalls
Shirts & Gloves
was
1
TORONTO
who


A


Ti
Paint
vm
I
.liiSlfck.il
»
Ttw jB*?

SS
If


v<jOa/i4

For Sale by all Dealers.
'jtWX.
ITCHENER’S MOB
/ ti iff	I
I

V
4
I
à
F
man
i
V'
Jas. Norman Hall»
'‘Strike me pink, sergeant!
---- ,	.v SSR gettin’ cold feet?”
I remember that march in the light	..^g sing ’im, ‘1 want to go
of our later experiences, in the light	Get »j^ to cryi,v like a baby '
of the official report of the total Brit-, "Weret yer mouth organ,
ish casualties at Loos: sixty thousand,	animation	¦
British lads killed, wounded, and miss-|g „Ri ht 0| >jyke it weepy now! One was thrown entirely "P™ “*3
wmm SEffr”
sb.. TYPEWRITERS ^
:: mm^wrnmm
_| »« *Ave got yer wills made out, you	Jt onc 0f the most plaintive and lost	him.	And	I	ne	er	saw	him
/i V	the kitchen of a miner g <ottage, and	| f Rritish trenches,	which	mark-
cans * a%A : EHEESB^= SSSrffS
7	' der of guns .the rattle of windows, and %% %n who had “done their bit,"
the sound of breaking glas*.	i ^ Tommy says, and would never go
The following day we spent in clean-, home again. * Some were huddled in mg our rifles, which were caked with poetic little groups of two or three rust, and in washing our clothes. W e ^ they might have crept together for | had to put these, still wet, into our compani0nship before they died. Some I packs, for at dusk we fell in, in column were iying face downward just as of route, along the village street, they had fallen. Others in attitudes ¦ when our officers told us what was ne- revea|ing dreadful suffering. Many I fore us. 1 remember how vividly were hanging upon the tangles of 71 and honestly one of them described German barbed wire which the heav-the situation.	ieet of bombardments never complete-,
“Listen carefully, men. We are Iy destroys. We saw them only by moving off in a few moments, to take the light of distant trench rockets and over captured German trenches on the, stumbled on them and over them when left of Loos. No one knows yet just the darkness returned. how the land lies there. The reporte it is an unpleasant experience, we have had are confused and rather ; marching under fire, on top of the
rtrA *
time. The trenches are full of dead. We machine gunners were always Those who are left are worn out with heavily loaded. In addition to . the strain, and they need sleep. They ugUal infantryman s burden, we had won't . are to stop long after you come our machine guns to carry, and our , in ,0 you must not expect much in-( ammunition, water supply, tools and
I	! Em ESHH
! certain that you will. From now on trench we were nearly exhausted.
c’£SSi.X' Ss! :E‘itS3L."',i.,° f~« %
have to repulse counter attacks, for rifles and equipment on the Parapet
s**
CHAPTER X.—(ConVdi)
nme

(iin

Try it
ASSESS
B- «•	?«TED


Big 11-

r*
a go n to a
The sergeant was
mood

SDN LIFE KEEPS GROWING
in me
HTHE results of operations for the year 1917 show a continuance
1 of the notable expansion that has marked the career of the
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada. In Assets, Income, Surplus, New Business, ai>d Total Business in Force substantial increases are recorded over the corresponding figures for previous
years.
YAm
\

fim
RESULTS FOR 1917.
$90,160,174.00
7.111.178.00
19.288.997.00
7te,860.00
47.811.567.00
1.068.170.00
311,870.945.00
80,486.246.00
1.660.380.00
649,468.00
5,224,003.93
8.840.246.00

Assets at December 31st, 1017,
Increase
•X kf
X
Cash Income »	«	"	*	*	*
Increase
New Assurances issued and Paidfor in Ca h
Increase
Assurances in Force at December "1st, 1917.#	t.e.>	•
Increase •
Profits paid or allotted to Policyholders	*
Increase
Profits paid or allotted to Policyholders, in jxast five years. Total Payments to Policyholders, 1917
Payments to Policyholders since organisation •
AaseUheld for l*olic> holders •	-	•	** *•
(omfort
re1

!
L

X MSB
*s
$166.284,496
163 Ml V2fl
I
Premiums received slue* organization •%*
sjssasttïïiî/ff,u ^ “r* “ •
,,.550.7.1.00


m NOTwSS£lw>W|
In °j£^JÎ0WN where * And, say, you ought to
set me grin
sfL When my trip heads ¦ that way.
The only other dme I was so happy,
Goodness s»owS,
too#.
THE COMPANY’S GROWTH \
LIM AMU»ANOM
in roece

J Merre 1
t,-
INOOM#

X
lit ! mus
IS?
1167
un
!
1117
give such strong evidence.
travelers hit that
•	Valor
j&p: gtftsxi
w$LtfP HOUSE is? Don’t
When other town,
. Thëy, t<

SUN
(Oui (QfJ2ANADA
HEAD OFFICE MONTREAL
T. B. MACAULAY, PrwWwl
l!

from
aSH?
For

i

«
1Q17
1871

###PAGE###7###
t
AN EASTER SERMON
DRESSING FOR EASTER-INSIDE
Rennie s
“He Is not here, but is risen!”—St. hewn tomb shall forever smother and
mock the principles which on this day Heaven has honored!
Easter Day proclaims the assurance
.	.	.......	.	. of the eternal reality of the spiritual.
clear note, of cathedral chime, mingle „„ ^l.t be not ri.en from the dead:" sweetly on the cr ap morning air with ,f	,, the end of the road. if the
the deep-toned bell, of far-away spire,. „ disci ,¦ „acrifl(.e ,nd suffering
In crowded city, In secluded hamlet, ^ have entered a. Indispensable sleeMurfeU eye. open upon a world elementl ,nto the development of life that ha, been touched a, if by w.	„„ other purpoie than furnish-
mag,c wand. The ceaseless patter bought for beautiful epitaph,-if Innumerable feet, expressive of B ^ have; they make character, the buoyant hearts they bear sound. ,„d character is the dress of the soul,
in strange contrast with the slow, ^ the soul is the immortal life from weary tread of bygone days. From
our hearts, as if touched by som<*
mystic charm, rises a matin song!
By L. D. Steam
Luke, xxiv., 6
Beth Dillon was singing softly as of her words, “to talk about being she bent over the billowing waves of loyal to your church when it's Easter, ribbon and silk, and lace:	and you have the prettiest frock in
town, with everything to match.”
There was a moment of uncomfortable silence. Then Beth arose. “Good-night,” she said stiffly, and marched, with hurt dignity, down the stairs.	%
“Behold the Lord is risen I "—she hummed the line, and stopped. The music seemed to have left her soul. “I don't see what's got into mother,” she complained petulantly. “Going to bed with the birds, and staying away from church on Easter, of all days; and when I’m to sing alone, into the bargain!” and turning In at the gate rather abruptly, without raising her eyes, she ran plump into her father’s arms.
It’s Easter Day! Nature lifts her head in the newness of life. The soft,
War Ti me Production
Seeds
I
“Behold, the Lord is risen,
Send wide the glad refrain;
For	burst asunder
The bonds of death and pain."
Clearly and sweetly her voice grew in volume until it floated out Into the night, a silvery thread of melody:
“Throw wide the portals of your soul, And let the Saviour in;
The Saviour, who has conquered The grave ,and death, and sin."
fflHERE must be no “slackers” this year, either among the 1 seeds or the growers. Every man and woman with garden • space, must produce to the limit of his or her ability. And that Is why Rennie's seeds are so essential—live, vigorous seeds from tested stock, to ensure record crops.
BRUSSELS SPROUTS — Amager m UOz.
Market................
CABBAGE—Rennie's First Crop
CABBAGE—Early Jersey WakeHfl	HH I
field (Improved)...........06	.60	1.76
CAULIFLOWER—Rennie's Danish
Drouth-Resisting.....16 & .26	1.00	3.60 10.00
CELERY—Paris Golden Yellow,
Extra Select...........
TOMATO—Bonny Best (Original).
Rennie’s Improved Beefsteak..
FLOWER SEEDS
New Giant Astermum—Mixed Colors...,
Rennie’s XXX Giant Comet Asters—Mixed
Drcer’a Peerless Pink Aster....
Early Blooming Cosmos—Mixed....
Rennie’s XXX Exhibition Mixture Pansy...
Rennie's XXX Prize Ruffled Giant Single Petunia
Mixture............................
Rennie’s XXX Large Flowering Globe Stocks—Mixture Rennie’s XXX Mammoth Verbena—Mixture Giant Zinnia—Mixed..
God
A Glorious Immortality
JsrSïEfîJ? s
pra.sei The memory of Gethsemene, conUined nothing more than the and Calvary are forgotten in /he iM of	con,iIlUance after
v»*.on of an open tomb. Dumfound- death then there are thousands that ed, yet gladly credu ous. we listen to arg „ot interested in it." the story of the first Easter evangel:	Eaflter Day proclaims not only im— He la not here, but is risen.	mortality, but a glorious immortality;
Easter Day is the day of the empty not on, , ,ife of endless years, but tomb; It proclaims the victory of right ,.ndlegg	fraught with endles*
over wrong, of truth over falsehood,	^ endless good, endless joy.
of justice over injustice.	Easter Day assures us of the final
perfection of life through the risen If ever the principles for which Oirist, “the first fruits of them that man suffered were worthy of vindica- are asleep."
tion, surely the principles for which A little lad, tired and worn at the Jesus suffered and died were worthy close of the day, after a long strug-of that vindication. If Jesus Christ gle with the solution of a problem, had gone down to permanent, ignom- cried himself to sleep. While he slept Inlous defeat, then were there little the father with rapid strokes of the hope for the noblest principles for pen rewrote the problem, with its cor-whifch men's lives are spent. That reel solution, on a clean tablet. Opening Jesus rose from the tomb speaks in his eyes, a look of gladness brighten-uncertain terms of the victory of ed the little fellow's face as he saw right over wrong, of justice over in- the neatly worked out problem in justice. Easter Day brings timely the place of the dirty, tear stained
to the champions of paper over which he had fallen to
However long sleep.
Os. tfrlb. .90 2.76 .76	2.26
.10
.10

Her mother came wearily up the stairs, and paused by the open doorway.. Then she stepped inside. “Have you tried it on, dearie?" she inquired, glancing at the snowy puff on the bed. “Is It all right?" X
“Yes'm —to the last dot." She laughed happily it dress I ever saw
He laughed. “Quite an armful," said he, looking down Into her face. Then: “Dreaming of the new dress, I suppose?"
.16 .60 2.00
.60	1.76
.76 2.60
.10
.10
Pki
"It's the dearest love of
I'll feel like a 1 had no Idea you
H	You'll be proud of
me, father, when you see I have on the prettiest frock in town.”
She nodded
.16
§#############
10
queen to-morrow could coax it out of father. Mow'd you manage?*' Then, not waiting for an answer, “I knew, soon's I saw it in Carlton's the other day, it would fit to a tec.”
Victory Over Wrong
.15
a################
.10
“Maybe.” His tone was brusque. “It takes quite a deal, though, my lass, to make a father realty proud of his girl.”
Something in his tone brought a quick lump Into Beth's throat: “And you're not thinking you’ll be proud of yours?" she faltered.
The eyes of father and daughter
.25
• MSS
.25
• # e
.20
.10
• e •
Lifting the billowy mass she shook “Isn’t it sweet?" she asked
.15
########
e #
it
ecstatically.
Mrs. Dillon looked critically at the dainty frock. “It is pretty, that's a fact,” she	agreed. “I'm	downright	met. Hers,	questioning—hurt; his,
glad you have	it. You'll	be young	quiet, keen	and grave. “Hardly,”
only once,	and	Easter's the time for	he replied.	“I suppose, as your
daintiness	and	purity, If	ever any	mother says, you're young, and it’s
time is.”	Easter, and all the other girls are
having something, pretty nice. But your mother's been saving that money quite a spell for a new dress and hat.
?
Mail Your Order
TODAY
For Planting Up to April 15th
LOOK FOR THE STARS
Turn the pares of your alorue. You will notice a Lsrugrai h# with atare at The## are extra eicrial values that defy competition. When buying from dealers insist on BENNIE'S.
Rennie estât many corners.
£T
no

+
reassurance justice and right
the conflict, however discouraging the] Easter Day contains the promise odds, the principles of right, of truth for us of the Master's perfect life, to and of justice must ultimately rise which we shall awaken after we have glorious from the dust into which closed our eyes to the human, im-they have been trodden. No bastion perfect, tear stained product of our walls, no armament of steel, no mur- own endeavors.—Rev. Stillman R. derous curtain of fire, not even a rock Leiss.
COMPANY
LIMITED.
TORONTO
VANCOUVER
RENNIE
THE
WILLIAM
KING & MARKET STS
WINNIPEG
Beth return*. T to her former query
“Row'd you manage?" she repeated
Was father very obdurate?"	.
A second her mother hesitated. "To She wa, trying to patch her old one
tell the truth," .he confessed at ¦» «»¦	"hen ‘he ba^
did it matter how she got it ao long as has, so I don't see but shell have vo°r ^w^youdâshyou^th' Uragginil/BeTwent sp the walk
Be,h' "™ toîsjïï? ,&r sis
SÏÏH 55 S-BSsSSS
She delivered her message.
Mrs. Dillon slipped Into her bath-'Til give it to her over the
' I'm not going to
«
FEED THE CROP, NOT THE SOIL
have emulated the sacrifice whereof at this time Christians celebrate the glory. Not them shall we see come back to earth, but we shall see a resurrected world, and it will be theirs
Eastertide, 1918
Some farmers believe In feeding the soil. This practice may be good. In these days of high prices for all farm crops we believe that It la much more profitable to feed the crop the neceeeary plant food (fertilizer) to produce maximum yields, and to resist disease.
Years of experimentation have shown Just how much Ammonia (Nitrogen) Phosphoric Acid end Potash are required by all crops. With this Information we have prepared a bulletin showing Just what grade or analysis of fertilizer you should use In the raising of your particular crop on your type of soil.
This bulletin free for the asking.
If you have never used fertilizer you will find its use this year more profitable thin ever before.
For pagan or Christian the great spring festival stands for confidence in life in spite of death anew the eternal message annually
re iteratedHHHUHHII^^^^H
It brings
E.S.M
It says that:—
Easier Eggs
—manhood is the one immortal thing Beneath Time's changeful sky—
That length of days is knowing when tom is based upon a centuries-old to die.	1 superstition that if new clothes were
| not worn then, for that year good-
“At Easter
The “new clothes for Easter” eus
Without confidence in that principle, fortune would depart how can people get along with war	let your clothes	be new, Or else be
that gathers the young to its untime-	sure	you will it	rue.”	But that was
ly reaping; with this war especially, not written in war-time, which gathers all the ages with a piti- Another Easter belief, of which the less voracity that shows, -as yet, no	Food	Controller	might	take note, is
sign of satiation? It must go hard	that	if anyone	would	abstain from
indeed with anyone who does not feel meat on Easter Sunday they would be that life is something to be spent; not free of fever for a year, hoarded, but given In purchase when belief was that by eating radishes as the treasure that is worth the price the first food on Easter Day the quar-of it comes to market
In a day that cannot now be very j far distant, this heroic period we live] WÊÊIÊIÊÊfÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊtiI in will reach its further limit, and - in origin and very ancient will be peace again
kind of a world will follow, and who parish. Even archbishops and bishops will make it, the living or the dead ? relaxed their dignity and played Be sure the dead who have died for ! handball with the inferior clergy, it will make it in great measure for a The moon settles the date of Easter, generation to come. The coming the rule being that it shall be the first world will com»- pledged to them; Sunday after the full moon, which pledged to be worth the price they happens upon or next after March paid to save it, pledged to realize 21st. And if the full moon happens their costly hopes for it. It cannot on a Sunday, Easter is to be the Sun-be the world it was. They have paid day after.
to change it, and change it must. Peo- Easter eggs are not Christian in pie who reckon that the future will be origin, having been used religiously another instalment of the past reckon by pagans before Christianity. The without the dead who have died to symbolism of the Easter egg is that, make it different.	as it holds the germ of a future life.
Human life is receiving an enormous it is an emblem of resurrection and consecration. Not in the time of immortality.
Harab-
DB
Ontario Fertilizers
Limited
“Throw wide the portals of your soul, And let the Saviour in—"
!
'phone,” she said, church to-morrow.”
“Why, Mother Dilion!" Beth's eyes wide; her face showed incredul-
“You always
Canada
Mechanically the words flitted, through her brain. “But,” she said sharply, “I've got to go to church tomorrow, for I've got to sing. And it's for my church. "
Very softly her mother's words appeared to float back to her: “It’s God the church stands for, you know.” !
Crossing to the window, she stood looking into the peaceful April sky. Little billows of cloud were piled here and there. As she watched, the moon^ sailed slowly out of sight behind one, then, a moment later, emerged on the other side. And to the watching girl the word GOD seemed blazoned in gleaming letters over sky, and moon, and cloud.
Turning slowly, she crossed to her closet and, taking down the simple brown she had worn all winter, carried it to the dresser and turned on the light. With grave, undecided eyes she scanned it. Then it dropped to the floor, and a second later she was kneeling, head on bolded arms, beside it. “God!" she whispered. “God!"
West Toronto
Another
#
were
odg bewilderment.
And to-morrow's going to he gran the best music and the best decorations we've ever had! ’
“I know,” quietly. “Nevertheless,
I am going to stay home and put in a day of rest. '
The pretty brows of the girl standing by the door were drawn into a little frown. “Momsie,” she announced, pointing an accusing finger In her mother's direction, “you've always taught me it meant a lot to be loyal to one's church.”
“Yes, daughter.” Her mother^ voice was patiently sweet; her eyes had a far away, wistful light that did not escape the sharp young eyes of her daughter
is God, you know, the Church stands for; and there might, perhaps, be circumstances that would necessitate going to church in the 'holy place called life/ which one can always find in her own heart and home," and, gently putting her on one side, Mrs. Dillon went down the stairs.
Beth returned to her room. “I wonder,” she mused, “Just what mother meant by all that I" Then, for- Clear and aweet the word, echoed
getting Icaaer thing,, ahe returned to and re-echoed through the house ms, the inspection of the new gown. A with shining eyea, she folded the moment later ahe way hurrying across dainty gown and packed it In its box.
'ha. street. “Ill just run in," ahe As ahe tied it she heard her father's
exulted- * and tell Gladys I have It"	step in the hall below, and	flying	,	¦	I
Pushing back the door of the oppo-	down, box in hand, ran, for the sec-1 door, and as they	went	down	the	walk
site house ahe stepped Into the hall, ond time, plump into hi, arma, ahe hummed softly once more-Gladys!" she trilled. “Gladys!''	“Father," cried she breathlessly,
“That you. BethÎ Come on up." "somehow this dres, doesn't seem to
A girl’s head appeared over the up-	fit. That is, not on the inside.	Won t	an(j her father's	voice,	rich	and	full,
stair rail and Beth bounded up	you come with me and take it	back?	took up the tune—
tiie stairs. Seising her chum about >nd father"-how clear her voice, the waist, she gave her a hug. “I've, how glad, and sweet and steady her got the dearest gown!" she cried. eye-“I've been looking over my Girl-fashion, she gave a little spin brown. It will do perfectly well. Do and dropped dl.xily a laughing, rosy you suppose we could pick out some-heap. in the centre of the room. “Oh,1 thing mother d like ? She , gone to adval it's a perfect dear! What'd bed.
vou deridB on?”	' “I know what she selected,” came	day,	The grape’s blood filled the holy cup
¦ A alow dull red crept into Gladys' j the quiet answer. But on her And He beckoned to toiling men ;	Wherewith hist covenant was made;
cheeks "I don't believe,” she said father's face shone a sudden light. I Famished and spent, they heard Him The pitying olives sheltered Him •lowly 'Til go Father says he can't was with her when she tried it on.	say,	,	j ,n the dark garden where He pray-
afford an unnecessary dollar, time. You see, we were planning on a rath- In the old kind vo.ee, m the k.nd old	ed.
W	«.T-L Cried "I-..,, Asher, „
Dismay and *berL^*he<w*iU< Crossing to the telephone, ahe gave To-day and forever the One who cared!
' * number, and a second later her voice Still, as of old, the same; went over the wire. “Whatever do Questioning kindly how they fared you think!” cried she; “that beauty | (Though their souls to His loving dress and I don't seem to At. I'm	gaze were bared),
going to wear my old brown, even if Calling them each by name.
*tis tester, so well be a pair o' six## Dead? Their Master ? The < rucified?
Yes,” a* Nay! though a thousand deaths He
digit '
tan ague would be kept away for a
£
The Easter holiday Is ecclesiastical But what ings and festivities were held in every
FOR GREATER PRODUCTION
1Âif
m
p
u
i
m

“So it does. But it
55

sags

EJf
V,


new
alive four years ago will this I
world be again what it was then. The | It is always Easter on God’s side living are trying, and with mighty of the grave.
efforts, to shape its course, but every	------
day and week and month they deal The Christian religion is pitched on and more with a world held in on ascending scale. It begins with
•>
Making Two Blades Grow Where Only One Grew Before
SHUR-GAIN FERTILIZERS
GUNNS
“Throw wide the portals of yoty soul, And let the Saviour in—”

more
mortmain, that proceeds not as they an emancipation, and it ends with an will, but as the dead decree
The world that is coming will he- more and more to the perfect day: the long to those who paid the price of day that is refulgent with the seen it. This is their Easter; theirs who presence of the Son of Righteousness.
WEST
TORONTO
ascension. The path of the just shines
The Palm Tree's Song.
With eager hands they broke my boughs,
And o'er his them,
Crying, “Hosanna! David's Son Rideth to thee, Jerusalem!"
%t i$ m
Throw wide the portals of your soul,"
pathway scattered
i
&


“And let the Saviour in—
The Saviour, who has conquered The grave, and death, and sin."
Under the feet of his lowly ass, Gray with the dust of Palestine, Did I not serve the Master then, Even as olive and fruitful vine?
*

Just ae of Old
He stood on the beach at the break of
m
G1
>8

ill

1
My branches, bruised underfoot. Where eager hands had scattered them,
Made green the stony way He fared In triumph to Jerusalem.
Tis
u
mmMl awM
“whatever'!! we do? We need your
?•Ice, Gladys	mÊÊ
dont believe I'd have had mine excepting thet I'm to alnr alone, yey know. A nd dress or no dress, you've got to be
Muet Have Help.
Sir William Goode, Secretary of the British Ministry of Food, says: “Few people have yet grasped the fundament! 1 fact that Great Britain still relies on the United States and Canada for sixty-five per cent, of her essential foodstuffs get this foor, or nearly all of it, we | shall peter out"

You must cornel
that selection
anyhow, dear,
&
, , . What's that? .
loyal to your church, you know "
Gladys geve a short laugh; but thmr# was no semblance to mirth in It.
touch of almost awe creeping Into her voice, “we’ll dresa for Easter in-
¦Me, Gladys.’’
Rising, ahe joined her father at the soup
Unless we can
?
Roast fowl bones make excellent
eth; the shadows flee awmy.”
The day breaketh; the morning
###PAGE###8###

Amateurs don’t lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures Can be made to send to the boys at the front. Amateur finishing a specialty.
lM
The Shawfille Boot ail Shoo Store

a l es
H. Imihon,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies
c
h-IKco
*fcw-*e

QUALITY
J/V/y/
I H I • \ i V I » « «	' ' ? S

r:l T
t m
r f
Wood
Wanted I

çth *,l“**#	i1 ’v*

ï
'
e
	
Is first, last, and all the time the important consideration in
Wanted at the Rectory, Shaw-ville ten curds of good hardwood, suitable for furnace— beech, birch and maple. Cash on delivery. Apply to
RKV. A. T. PHILLIPS.


•CvO


%
Y


OUR SHOES
O
P
BE

See them—it is discovered Wear them— it is experienced.
FOR SALE
b
i
-x\
The undersigned offers for mile the following î
1 Massey-Harris Hinder, l l)eering Mower,
1 Lumber Waggon, l Drag Sawing Machine,
A quantity of Hay,
MUS. P. DUMAS,
Maple Hidgv, Hr
i;
Always the Biggest Possible Values 4 for the Least Money at ? ? Our Up-to-date Shoe Store.
Complete Service to Ford
Owners Everywhere
OURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you may I travel is something you appreciate, and being a ford V. J owner you can get it. You are always ' among friends .
?
istol
INSURANCE
Good Shoes for
EVERYBODY
in the most complete assortments at all times. The authentic styles and unsurpassed values in all kinds of Footwear are FOUND HERE.
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST ANÇ BEST
There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout Canada. These are always within easy reach of fkird owners for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or
motor adjustments.
The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of the car itself. Nineteen of the most called for parts cost only $5.40. Just compare this with the cost of spare parts for other cars and you will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.
COMPANIES.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Cal lor write for Kates and Particulars.
E. PARIS,INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
BRBCKENR1DOB
}
For Sale
Three Purebred Ayrshire Bulls :
1 3-year old 1 yea t old 1 Calf
Apply to David mcdowell.
Shnwville.
situated. The drive, however, was directed against the positions held by the British troops who, vastly out - numbered, were gradually forced to retire over ground won in the Somme campaign of lOlti.
At the Somme the British are reported to have checked the advance, and rolled the enemy hosts back across the river with awful slaughter.
Late despatches say the battle is still raging with great intensity, and what its outcome will be remains in doubt ; yet confidence remains firm that the huge Hun machine will shatter itself against the wall of defence which the Brit-
Local and District.
595
675
770
970
636
Touring - -Runabout •
Coupe
Sedan « ¦ -Chassie
THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-ton Truck $750
F. O. B. FORD, ONT.
The Holiness Movement Church will hold a convention at lamp-bells Hay on Friday, Saturday and Sunday next. A cordial invitation is extended to everyone.
99-3
FOR SALE
Maple sugar makers never had such a demand to till as this year. The shortage of cane and beet sugar makes maple products ot great use as substitutes. Every sugar 1 impie tree uvAiliible should
be tappet! thi
1 Silo -12 x 28
Cow Stable Fittings, Flooring, Stalls and Watering Outfit. Price f 100, for silo and flooring.
00 bags Swede Turnips, 50c. a bag Apply to D THOMPSON,
Clarendon Front.
Dealers - Shawville.
Shawville Motor Go.
s spring
Note. —Mr. George L. Corrigan intends to be at Bristol Kidge from March 28th to April 15th. Parties who may wish to see him with regard to the farms helms adver
on*other ‘busUiî-ssl^ro 'invited to isb, now supported by « strong call on him at Bristol Kidge be- French force, are holding.
tween the dates mentioned.	The toll of death which has been
paid in this terrific struggle is appalling. The enemy, attacking in massed formation, met a rain of projectiles which literally cut them to pieces, but as these troops fell they were replaced by others and the great human waves rolled without regard to sacrifice. It is estimated that in the first three days of the battle the enemy lost 150,000 men. No doubt the British casualty list is also heavy. It could hardly be otherwise consid-the tremendous odds the
The loss in
ACT TODAY
TARIFF OF TOLLS to be collected during season 1918 by The Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited.
Your Health, Your Buildings
May be in DANGER !
Confederation Life Association, old and reliable
London Guarantee, Fire and Automobile
Globe Indemnity Co. Accident and Health Insurance
B. G. ANDERSON - General Insurance Agencyr
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Your Life
1
A Box Social will be hold at No. 5 School on Thursday evening. March 28th. Usual fee -25 cents, but ladies bringing boxes admitted free. Children's admission— 15 cents, to include supper. Got*I program. Proceeds to go towards purchasing an organ for School.
Not 25 per cent of the available maple trees in Canada arc being tapped. Statistics show that out of 35,000 farmers in Eastern Canada who produce maple sugar and syrup at all, only very few tap more than a quarter of the trees they have available on their farms. This 25 i>er rent production is worth $1,500,000 annually. Tins amount might easily be doubled. One man ctn take care of boiling the sap from 5,000 trees as easily |from 500, according to the statement of an expert.
For use of Improvements:
Saw-logs. 17 feet and under in length, per 1,000 feet board measure..................................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or Hatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet board measure.............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 80 feet and upwards m length, per 1,000 feet boa id measure..................
and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per 1,000 cubic feet.
Pulpwood, per cord.
10 ( IS
12A ‘
on
15	"
Red
150
ARCHIE DOVER
10 “
ering troops Imd to lace
has also been considei
« THE CLOTHING MAN "
prisoners
able.
For Sale
a-
CREEMORNE
400 lbs. Early and Red Clover Seed,
30 to 25 tons Clover Mixed Hay, saved eaily in season before
One of the greatest difficulties the Government has today is to get competent stenographers and clerks. All branches of the .Service has been placed under the Civil Service Commission, and all appointments are now made by the Commission on merit only. The examinations for permanent employment are held in May ami Nov. of each year, but the demand is now so great that examinations y j lieing held weekly. The salary paid is a minimum of $000 a year. The Cowling Business College of Ottawa makes a specialty of preparing candidates for government positions. Spring terra begins April 2nd. The school is open all
summer.
March 18.- We have been having very windy weather— not very springlike ; but it must be drawing near, as a great of the boys are home from the
Shawville, Que.
ripening.
30 load* Threshed Clover Straw.
Empire Cream Separator, never used ; cap. about 4M lbs.
1	Steam Boiler and 1 Steam Engine, suitable for cheese factory | Gentlemen, Young Men and ÜOJB, or creamery : also steam piping, valves and other connections
ü=5l£3ESi5=3§
factory supplies.	¦
Some of the above will not be sold separately unless a collective sale fails.	.	,	..
2	Tables with drawers (used in Commercial School).
2 Village Lots, opposite Shawville Methodist Church.
Failing sale of Lots, my Farm north ot Shawville Cemetery will be offered
many
1
camps.
Miss Bessie Letts has returned to her school after spending a month's holidays with her parents Miss Emma
Just a few lines hurriedly written, to tell you we are ready to show Spring Clothes just as soon as you care to drop in and look
at them.
And to assure you that you’ll like the way they’re styled, the way they’re tailored and like their patterns and fabrics.
Don’t wait until the nice weather sends a lot of men hurriedly to buy them, m*ny of the finer effects will be gone by then.
Drop in at your earliest convenience, you’ll enjoy seeing the Clothes and well enjoy showing them to you
Yours very truly,
ARCHIE DOVER.
P. S —Easter Neckwear now on display.
(jueale, < Hier Lake spent Thursday with her sister, Mrs John C. Dagg.
Miss Pearl Stephens, Ladysmith a week end guest of Miss Maggie Par
, was
are
ker
We are sorry to report that Mr. J a mes Sheppard is still on the sick list.
A young daughter has come to bright-be home of Mr. and Mrs. Abram
en t Sheppard.
Mr. Silas Sparling left here on Friday with his young bride for their home in the West.
Quite a number have been very ill with lagrippe.
Tapping time is drawing near. Some are predicting a short run. Lfct us hope
Blue Et* Beauty.
R. W. HODGINS,
Box 173 Shawville, Que.
The Drive is On !
Big Enemy Offensive Launched against the British along a 50 Mile Front
WATCHES and CLOCKS| BUGGIES ! .. REPAIRED
uot
BUGGIES !
HUIT TUEES ai,d FLAWS
FOR SPRING PLANTING. | \ desire to notify the public
that have taken
of the late Hans Shadel,
• •
1 have juHt received a ear load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them
J. L. HODOINS
The big drive of the Teutonic legions against the Allied line», which had been expected for several weeks burst forth with un-pa railed fury on Friday morning last.
We need no further introduction than the fact that we have been In the Nur nery business SIXTY ONR YEARS, tin-1 are now prepared to meet existing ron ditloos by offering our high grade and planta direct to customers at Rock
Bottom Paicto.	J ,	.
Send for our illustrated circulars of hardy varieties which you can order dir ev.t and »ave the agent’» com mission, of . ^	¦	.. v	which you get the benefit. Our prices
Quintin —the point at which the wm t*. MQre to interest you and all stock
nttark was mainly concentrated is 1» absolutely first claa* and true to name.
i„ .ri.hborliond.ru.. htU, I
Established 11157
pairs
and am prepared to do any work of that nature entrusted
Shawvu LK.
trees
to me.
Articles for repair, left in my hands, may be had by calling at shop next door to T. Burton’s Barber Shop
While the general onslaught extended over a front of fifty miles— from the vicinity of Arras to St.
TENDERS
Wyman. Que
SHAWVlUi.

A. D. McCREDIE
HUGH ROSS
where the junction of
President
city, near
the British and French armies isjColborne,
Ontario

