###PAGE###1###
O
No. 0, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUGUST 22, 1918
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Borrow to Buy Cattle
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
“Mixed Farming” ia the big moneymaker today. Of course, grain and fruit and vegetables pay well—but beef and bacon, butter and cheese, are piling up the profits for the farmer.
w^y Milk more cows—fatten more cattle—
px raise more hogs. If you need money to do
it, come to The Merchants Bank. We
glad to assist all up-to-date farmers.
1
1
4,750,000
Paint Bargains
OTTAWA
04 Branche» In Canada.
Il
X
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
In these days of high paint prices you do not
expect to find many bargains, but we have a genuine one to offer—a real snap.
House, wall and floor paints, in quarts and
half gals, being odds and ends of discontinued lines, which we have decided to clear out at
35c. to 50c. per quart
good for inside or outside use. The same-quality is selling today at 85c. to $1.10.
This is a real snap, and I expect will be
quickly picked up. If you have any painting to do act promptly.
Hon. George Bryson, Président Russell Blackburn,
Sit George Hum,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon George Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle •	.
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander Maelaren M. J. O'Brien,
Hon. Sir George II Perley E. C. Whitney
A*st General Manager :
II, V.Cann.
• Chief Insptctor
A hank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
7m
i

are
12
THE MERCHANTS BANK
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, .... QUYON BRANCH, .... CAMPBELL’S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH,..........................
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager, D. L. WILLSON. Manager. C. E. SHAW. Manager.
* Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
Fob Salk — Shoemakers’ Patches Apply J. S. Phillips, Arnprior.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth
Miss Margaret Homer, of North J , JL ¦	¦
Clarendon, whs taken to the hospi- a,ld comfort to the heart of a soldier tal on Monday morning, suffering Make an appointment to-day. with np|>endit itis.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
"¦ SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Steno<;hamkrs. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has be scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 10 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
H. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture
en
J. H. SHAW.
Tim work night meeting I Shaw ville H. M. Chib will be at the home of Mrs. Andrew Hodgitis, Thursday of this week.
of
PERSONAL MENTION
Our instruction Is Individual, and the
Ijist Tuesday w as reckoned the Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Wilson and Iyou^na^therefore start at°aify time**14* ’ hottest day of the year at the daughter Winnie left for home on Our rates are $10 per month ; do not Ottawa Observatory. Few people, Friday morning.	pay * cent more.
iS!EEB=EE
Mr.	M„ hi. W. Hannon,	° " TT'TT:
and family, of Toronto, are guests I	QPr* bank and bourksSts
of Mr. and Mrs. imison this week.
Canadian Food Board License Num her
8 4503
COWLING
dis
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school Is open all summer.
VV B.Gowlinü, II. G. W, Braithwait • President
*
SHAWVILLE
destroyed by fire sonic time ago, The new hotel will be ready foi occupancy this Fall.
Principal
Miss M. O'Meara, of Ottawa, is I , !f.y°"	» complete single
enjoying a visit amongst Bryson ««ving aPP|Y 60 “• W. Hod-and Morehead acquaintances/	Igins#
Mias Arietta Dale, is snendingl A Social and Sale of Work will be her vacation with her brother, Mr. held at the Parsonage, Bristol Corners, Len Dale, at Smiths Falls, Out. on Thursday,- August 22nd. Admit-
Mrs. (Rev.) J. J. S. Seaman of ^ion 25 cents ; children under 10 years Montreal, arrived Thursday even- 10 cents, including supper. ^Cates open
logon a visit to Min. Geo. Hod-1at 6, p.em.
¦¦¦¦¦	¦
EXPERIENCE
vs.
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work Is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession.
Machinists arc trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists
I An Exchange snv> : No gypsies Ac'mr - success, of the Graduates
%%%"=rs *to ! sESSH-SP®
the guests or the Misses Steele, in summer, the order that everyone] For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac
must work being due for strict couutant. We bax the best course'# mail
enforcement, and horse-trading •11 , a,n?wheri and fortune telling me not ml, ,I	our incrv.se wa, i.>
as work.
Tho Clarendon H. M Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Edward Young on August 28th at 2 30 re Program :	Paper on Self-sacrifice
¦¦Self-denial
>.m
and
in War Time, by Miss Lola Mee : Recitation by Miss Eleanor Hodgine; Quilt-making by Mrs. R. Findlay. Roll Call—Name Allied countries.
OVERALLS
V
I
A Visit from Sir Sam ?—A big automobile stop|>ed for a few minutes in Shaw ville on Wednesday last, on its way up-country.
One of tiie occupants was intro- town
need to «verni parte M Sir Mr. nntI Mlv <j. McCagg ami
Sim Hugbea, but nem- having daughter, Florovce, Mr. and Mr*.
luet that worthy noldier ami states- (). Sngrue and b,ibv. motored from
,nan* 1 ,H‘XU v,‘\‘ 11	11 skeptical Ottawa on Saturday to visit rela-
as to whether the gentleman was fives her#*
Sii Sain or not. Tin:	¦gggÈÊgÈÈÊÊÉgg
got an eye on him, all doubts would have vanished.
Ttjis me\ we wisl] to draw your attention to our Overall Values :
This
year to date Is even bvttcr. Still R in ploy-ers’ Demand* Hxveecl the Number of Willis Graduates.
N, I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
IW& Sparks Street, entrance bet wee i Ketchum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Marriages
W1LLI8 Coi
Miss Lola Barber, who for the past week Jinbeen visiting at Beach burg, returned on .Monda y munied by lier aunt, Mrs. J. T. Vaillant, of that place.
Mr. I*. L. Lever, of tin* Bank of Ottawa staff hero ha$ beam transferred to the Ottawa office place here has been taken by All St-a venom, of Aruprior.
Peabody’s
Fa i r ha irn—Cam )w f i j.
At Medicine Hat, Sask., Friday, Aug. 9th, by the Rev. J. A. (’lax-ton, Miss Margaret Caldwell, of Shaw ville, to Mr. William M. Fabf%%irn, of ffiTrdette, Alberta.
TITfc following was ship; the lied Cross, Montreal, r< month of July :
21 suit% pyjamas, 2 day shirts, 2S :s. m, I*. P. bags, 1 niup.
trench-wood, j8 kties.
old weather will ir boys, “Over there”
Let tin
)t‘d to or the
accoi
The best and biggest Overall made,
blue stripe or black, pair
$2.75
Brown Optical
"COMPANY, LIMITE!
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
pr. sock sock, 85 Ijuncll face cloths, 3 Now that tl soon be on will requit e moi < each do our utmost to make these shipments larger,- The Secretary.
His
i
Births
Iron Duke
Mr. and Mrs. T. (f. hi Id, of Laneastei
Hodgins and are visiting ifotlgins* parent**# Mr. and
Mr-. Kdward Hodgins and Mil N+:w LoruiS O. Y. B.-D. 1). (». M. ffiends in town.
« ) m a
and Grand I)ir. of Ceremonies, Ht.
W. Bro. S. L. O'Hara, assisted by officers and members of Shawville Lodge O. V. H. motored to Ladysmith on Saturday evening, and instituted another lodge of the Order in that village with a good charter membership.	**
The officers installed
At Starks Corners, mi Wed nr day. August 7th, to Mr. and Ml Harvey Wilson, a daughter.
2.00
Heavy blue stripe, stiff denim
Mi



Star Brand
Mis. T. A. l)iysdale and Master Ernie, Mrs. W. ,1. Gagnon and baby Dorothy Renfrew, tlao Mis*
Mary Young, Slmwville, are visiting Mrs. Edna Young, Elmside.
Misses Eva Johnston and Pearl Murray returned to their homes in Almonte on Saturday after a short visit to their friends, Mr. | health for some time previously, and Mr and Mrs. John T. Joints-1 He was 70 years of age. The re
mains n ere com ! by 11 fdii to Bristol station on Monday morn-,ing, from whence the funeral took hor boys suits try MURRAY place to the R C. burial ground. Bros, Hie Tailors.
Deaths
552 St. Catherine West
Mr. Thomas Gallagher, an old ! resident of Bristol township, died at the home of his daughter. Mrs. Wren, I’pper Litchfield, on Friday evening, after a short illness, although he had been in delicate
Good quality black denim, pair Smock to match, each
$2.00
2.00
UPTOWN 4982
' MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St
Single buggy with to; hampes nml horse ixs. Shaw ville.
Railroad
FOR SALE culler. 2 robes Apply to R. W. H
were
W. M.—Clifford Schwartz P. M.-Robt. Holt Chap. -*-11. Couoly It. Secty—L. Rooney
Geo. Sparling
Lecturers -Russell Lang and	Miss Marciaret McVeigh
_	Harry McCleary	DemaseBertrand, of Fort Con- The death occurred in Victoria
5 ^ ^	Rotmey	longe, employed as oiler for the Hospital on Wednesday. August
lylers Silas Woods and Harold	Colonial Lumber Co., ot Pembroke,	7th of Miss Margaret McVeigh
,	- , Sparling.	met his death on the 12th Inst, in	gged 77 years. Miss McVeigh had
Committee-N. Snarling. Hairy	the following inanner.asdescribed	been ailing for some time.
McCleary, Win. Kmpe, Wyman	by the Observer 'He was wear-	She had spent about six months
Gray, W. Jach.	mg a « wen ter, and when caning	in the hospital, had been able to	_	v	„	_	J
over a shaft the sweater became	leave for a short time, but was	W	J	Poupore Dead.
EiêSSs ÉsSSi	= ITo clear wedî:oruntem aU5p-c-
the plans whivh Tite ByciTV had pared hiinaelf for death, making Mr*. Dunbar, of the Exchange A supply of substitutes for a nee to the business potion of the j after w the accidentelle passed Friday from the residence of her installed a mill to produce coni
1215Ç,fcisxstfjü.tS£	rfar ...... » ito. •irJrteJnss saarttftfeussri
months time.	years of age, ami i* Mirvi\ed by a Chufili, at 8:45 a. m., and thence day. Two mills to produce 200
The work of excavating for the( w,<mw an<l one daughter. His re- to Portage-du*Fort, where the in- barrels of substitute flour per day spacious concrete basement will be j mams wen* brought to Lottlonge ter ment took place in the family are being installed in London and completed in a day or two.	lor interment.	^bnrial ground.—Renfrew Journal. Peuetang, respectively.
ton
A union made Overall of blue stripe, stiff denim | .75 Smock to match, each
FOR SALE—Square Ohlckerj ng Piano, in k	ndition—a bantam at £1(0.00.
Phone
2.00
F
Apply 4(W3 McLaren St., Ottaw Queen 458:3.
Khaki Duck Pants
WANTED—A young girl to take care care of boy 4 years old, willing to go to New York for winter. Good wages, Apply to Mrs. 8. A. Mackay, Portage du Fort. Que.
2.00
Only a few pairs left, extra value at, pair
J
RAINCOATS


jJ
on
The KQriTY learned
W. A. HODGINS
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 3551
II
###PAGE###2###
V
A

GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
MY SON—AND THE CITY
ç you pay the. Same wah tax, 'onapound ofcAeappo&i tea
thatyoupay an Sled
Jn cme/iwoïdô you pay/Otwai toux on a cheap teauduch wilt
maAe pe/ihapA /SO dpi ta the
pound and you pay the 6ame>
10*ta/x on a pound of Sled Slote which ea&ity males about 250
oupi,
cSbu will find today, media, value, mote economy, mote,
healdalufadum incRo±erJea
than e/Seh hefote. ft is ViaxIai a took time tea.
“Fortunately, before It was too late, I woke up to the fact that I was giving the live stock better shelter and more comforts than my wife and children.”
By Andrew F. Currier. M D.
ÊMÊÊË ËÊMbM
tit West, Toronto
By Donald Morton
I am not like my Scotch neighbor I I built a stucco house, rather a novl* to the nortti. He tells me that when ty In the country nowadays, but ce* he was a young man he inherited ten ment Is the building material of the pounds from a rich uncle. "Man,", future, I believe. Part of the place he adds, "I was such a spendthrift and is purely ornamental, no earthly use a wastrel that by the end of seven so far as shelter is concerned. May-years there was not a farthing left be I have been a wastrel and used up
my ten-pound inheritance In seven
1 never Inherited any great fortune, years, as my extravagant Scotch
I was neighbor did when he was young. But
J||jimmNgMany people	deny that they*
toniehed at the great quantity of offensive matter they have been carrying about when their intestines are emptied by means of drastic purgatives .	i
In order to be free from constipa-portion of the human machinery which tj(m ami itg bad .feet# it is therefore
«arches and fell are digested and du- imperative that the intestines should' solved, end digested food .«tuff absorb- be emptied once or oftener every day, ed aa it proceeds to nourish and sus- the exceptions to this rule are few in tain the body, and it also Is the aew- number. The solid or indigestible er through which flows the current of regjdue 0f gome foods is greater than
waste matter.	of others and the work of digestion
It is very important In any kind j9 more cc npletely performed in some of a sewer that this current should ; persons t;tSn others, this being the move freely and without obstruction expianatlon why there can be no fix*, and the human sewer is no exception ed gtandarda as to the normal daily
output for the intestines.
Constipation
beings are subject has more victims than constipation.
It 1» therefore a matter Into which everybody ought to look rather carefully.
The intestinal tract or tube Is that
of the whole sum.”
as did my Gaelic neighbor never a wastrel or roysterer; I have Ihe ornamental work has brightened worked hard all my life, far harder the eyes of the boy who was going than any of my children will ever have	»nd th« girls who never threat-
to work, I hope and verily believe.	ened to go. but whom I would have
There were a good many years when l08*» sooner or later, had it not been it was my ambition to have more land, *or the new house, I am sure. It and more stock than any of my neigh- wae worth all it cost. hors. That ambition died with my For instance, you enter the house by firstborn,* for the doctor's bills were w^ay of a cement-floor terrace or large and there was sadness in the porch, without roof, which extends goodwife's eyes, and we had other clear across the front and faces the things than money to think of. Fol- road. From this terrace you enter a lowed then the years when I turned to covered porch, scrcened-in for sum-public service for forgetfulness: town- mer, glassed-in for winter. To the ship reeve first, school trustee next, left as you enter is a big built-in and so on, until there were several closet for wraps, and encased in the terms as county warden. —that’s door of this closet is a full-length about the sum and substance of all plate-glass mirror which gives the the public serving I’ve done
to this rule.
When obstruction occurs in the sewer of your town you are well aware that the consequence is an effusion of foul gases into your house, overflow of offensive material and injury and located on the left side? I hare a
damage in a variety of wayaWÊÊÊÊttÊtÊ
In the same manner when the hu- part of the abdomen, and have had
is obstructed, foul gases it during the last three or four generated, waste and poisonous months, material is absorbed and distributed	2—Will vinegar or lemon Juice
the body of the blood current, harm the hair?
Answer—1—It would be unusual
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
E. M.—1—Can the appendix be
dragging pain, occasionally, In this
- ladies a good chance to see themselves I may never have had the ambition ns they take off or put on their wraps, to give my folks the most “homey” I've a theory that a few more good home in our township, to rub the mirrors in a farm-house would keep wrinkles, away from my wife’s eyes, wrinkles and stoop shoulders from be-to keep the brood of children around ing so common. Maybe not, but that’s us In a house as comfortable and well my theory.
furnished as any we could have in Outside the kitchen, in the rear, is town, had it not been for a little talk an additional room which we call the one night with my oldest boy. I re- kitchen entry, member it was snowing outside; funny built-in refrigerator
the broken wmdow pane which we had length mirror; none of those things neglected to repair before the cold which distort the features and make
snap caught us. I had been reading you look eitherRke a roly-poly or a	...	, . , „ v
the patent insides” and must have bean pole, but a good honest mirror	0ne	of the f°°l“*hest	things	we
been nodding at the last, for the Are which shows the wrinkles in time to	mortaIs	do-" said Mr Gratebar, “is to
had died down and the room was chilly stop them, and enables a man to shave	mountains out of molehills. Those rules arc easy;
when the lad came in. He hadn’t without leaving a cluster every here	"elf	the wo/r>r and dl8tresa ln	tht* All they'd have you do
said much until I was shivering; ner- snd thre. like a spotted cornfield.	J"™ omes from this	unfortunate Would gjm , b, lo set dow„ one
vousness as much as the temperature, There is a large bathroom, with both	« breeds distrust, creates Multiplied bv two.
I guess.	«	f	shower and tub bath	herd Ming, breaks up friendships,	^______________
¦WHI:
mmm mmm mmmmw - - mm
wou have been better if they had pj^lc, but there are no more %lue sayJ‘tU*' thou^ht,e88 thln*s that we ^ that young people who lack accom- Can we do less than make our cotUge Set together, fair and dear,
as, XzïsigA & 52; ’--f - -	- i	zcrc.'	^
row after row, and saw no farther	^ ^ mistake, as I see it tains of such molehills, of things that I that might have been spared them.1 his gloom?	—— ........
than the turning at the fence.	! 0Wf and that m not having the would have been forgotten the next smaller instruments,—the violin, gui-
Then the other boy came, and when	of the house, so I could	moment if we did not	dwell	on them,	The piano must head	the list, but the	Write	hdm that roses climbing:	’round
I saw hlm I kneeled down and cried	eat ,	n ,	nter* 1 had only a cheap	keep thinking of them	and brood	over	tar, mandolin, etc.,	make excellent	the doorways	,
like a child and thanked God. and I ^cond-hand w when the architect them until finally we magnified them music, and fora person who sings the Perfume the night, and how the gave the boy my name—and there he	drew ^	the	plans—and what’s anoth-	into great grievances?	guitar makes a good	accompaniment,	pansies grow;
was saying he was going to leave me	burst	radiator to such a car. Now	“I once knew a man	who	got	rich,	while a violin is always welcome ln	Let	hollyhocks distract	him	from	his
—me, who worshipped him down to } ve *ot a regular car, and I need a very comfortably rich, by holding a company. Young girls now play the	war ways;
his last fault.	heated garage. If you’re planning good opinion of people. I think it violin as often as young men do. A These are the little things he wants
There’s no need of making a long t0	dont overlook this; it is im- not altogether improbable that there flute, well played, makes charming	to know-
story out of it. I built the new house P^ant.	were some people that he didn't ai-| music, and the banjo is popular; but when he returns victorious we’ll meet
to keep him home with me. I told A little while back I promised to tell together fancy, but he never showed the instrument which attracts the' vi	°	**
the good wife it was for her, but there y°u the effect the new house had on it, and really he believed that most most attention to-day is the ukulele, with o-arUn u was something in the eyes of the a11 our lives. I can’t do it. Can people, the very great majority of which comes to us by way of Hawaii	hie f t	^
Ada"" -	*3% ———
one when he left me for the mound out, in dollars and cents, the value1 “I don’t mean that he stood out in whatever will make Hfe happier for	ml	M.
In the graveyard. I couldn't stand of good, fresh air? Neither can I the middle of the road and let people ourselves and others is worth the cost	*1	' keep nit
to have andther boy go. I built the compute the value of our changed way come up and kick him, but he never 0f the time and labor	t niory sweet,
house.	of living.	did permit himself to be annoyed in
The first thing I did when I decided 1 have seen it figured out that a any degree whatever by any pf the to build was to consult an architect, woman, without running water in the little picayune aggravating sayings or, .	1 -	__ «•	a ,
He charged me thiee per cent of	the	kitchen, lifts a ton of water a day. It	doings that, as we go	through Hfe, we	.US€ 8 ,	k	JJJf	*	,	g asa
cost of the house for drawing	the	goes something like this: The water	are liable to encounter. He was uni-	|s near X	0	£	por	ed	f,om
plans and writing specifications. Some is brought into the kitchen from the formly cheerful, good humored, hope- u ’ an .	°. c on e RuJthern
of my neighbors laugh at me and	say	pump, it is poured into a kettle, pour-	ful; confident always	of the good in	coast 0	reen an
I threw away that much money.	I	ed from the kettle into a dishpan, and	his brother men, and	for all this his
often wonder if they think it is throw- from the dishpan it Is dumped out- brother men liked him very much, sway money to pay a doctor for writ- doors. The water in this simple They were drawn to him greatly and ing the prescription for the medicine operation is handled six times
which cures them and their loved ones.! A bucket containing two gallons of “But more than riches he gained by The prescription itself doesn’t do water will weigh 20 pounds. Hand!- j this; by consistently and always re-the work—it’s the medicine the drug- ing it six times means a total weight fusing to make mountains out of mole-gist gives us; yet we go to a doctor, of 120 pounds. The cooking of three hills he gained peace, contentment,
The plans and specifications do not meals a day—on a meager allowance happiness.” build a house—ft takes masons, car- of water, necessitating the use of penters, plumbers, and ao on; yet we buckets and pans—means lifting for should go to an architect. That’s the cooking alone 1,200 pounds a day. way I figure it, anyway.	When to this we add the water for
You know, when you come right bathing, scrubbing, and the weekly down to it, typhoid fever, dysentery, wash we have the over-burdened farm and the like are common diseases wife lifting a ton a day. I think too among farmers. Why? Because we much of the companion of my life to do not know enough about sanitation, compel her to do this.
Therefore, when w% build, why not go Now, with running water, both hot to a sanitation expert and minimize and cold, in laundry, kitchen, bath-the possibility of sickness? I am a room, and small toilet on the first
farmer, not a plumber or a well digger floor and basement, there is none of	the answer came
or a chemist How can I tell how far this burden-bearing.	Can I	figure	* t __tch their evening Vnmr
Tin the h*.?.lnd ?UÜi0UM thl* 2* ln,d0lîer,T ,	N*	**'	T.f. the game they pUyf	now see
should put my well in order to avoid ure it easier in wrinkles which are vou don»t wfth that agree.
missing, eyes which are sparkling,
What do I know about the proper hair which Is still black, shoulders , e ^ #iv around wiring of my houae in order to prevent trhlch m Ml .tr.lrht	High above Ld near the" ground;
fires? Would I ever have thought of j My children are ed with me to-day, You will hear them as they flit putting the bathroom over the kitchen, save the little one under the sod	in the	n-iiinr traicklT “It! K! fct’”
Instead of the living-room or the din- graveyard. Had I	boflt the	house
Ing-room, so that, should a pipe burst of gold and set the window panes In	t .	.
and the celling be spotted or seriously diamonds, they would have been worth	r®a®*n**0B ** a composer in.
Injured, the damage would not show ft all, and more. Tea o*n*t	argue world ®€.er?s	depend	some	on
My houae cost me them thingst they're Just so.	T ^1s ^trance into the next
$8,000; the architect's fees were $200. figuring cat last inj At bow much more I The skeleton remains of a giant ! shall always believe It was money the taxes ware od thU pWh# than on human were excavated by a dredge in
Veil spent.	a aid home, h looked a lffctie bad! Lake 8t Manr, Ohio. The weight
I went to the architect just as a sick on paper. JMt B** W0 s*f%	bands	of the thigh bone	Is such	that	pro-
n goes to the doctor; I kneW I need- went over mf eyes and a Sweet voice	fewlomd
something, but I didn't know what, whispered fe By OBfl V?mVi the best I establish
man sewer
rx
are
mm

611
over
skin diseases break out, you are bentj] | I	III
over with pain in your abdomen and for the appendix to be transposed the resisting power of your body to in-, from the right side, where it belongs, factious and other dweases is lowered. I to the left side, although I believe it Many diseases which have a fatal has occasionally been found there. It ending trace their beginning to this is more likely that you are suffering common and so often neglected ail-; from gas in the Intestines, or from
It is quite as important to keep pendlx. the intestines free from poisonous ma- L I . terial as it is to supply it with the gar or lemon juice would work either
harm or benefit to the hair, but I What is the situation—here is a'would suggest that it would be better tube thirty feet long the last third of not to use either, it the large intestine, the reservoir for A Reader—Will you kindly inform waste matter, two or three times the me whether a leaking valve is a serl-caliber of the other two thirds, the ous heart trouble, or whether it can be
cured and, if so, how?
Answer—It is sometimes serious and sometimes it is not very serious. I would suggest that you send stamped and self-addressed envelope and an article on Valvular Disease of the Heart will be sent you, which will inform you in regard to this disease.
I
T. H. Estabrooks Co.
I
LIMIT! D
Toronto Winnipeg
In this room Is a Off another
adhesions, than from a displaced ap-
2—I do not think that either vine-
food which is essential to life
Where is the answer?
Not in any rule
That your teacher made you learn When you went to school.
*
Be Optimistic.
small intestine.
In ths large intestine also are valves and folds, greatly increasing its capacity while the entire intestinal tube is so elastic it can eaaily be made to hold gallons of material.
If this material is piisonous you can guess at its possibility for harm.
version of some of our dune areas to this purpose^
do
Jewels.
nute
me

Increase Wheat Profits
by Increasing Wheat j
Yields
The average increase in j yield of wheat obtained j from using fertilizers by I
two British and three American j Experiment Stations over periods j ranging from 6 to 51 years' test, I a veragcd 11 bushels per acre.	j
Fertilizing
Fall Wheat Pay»
Eleven bushels per acre la crease os I your 26 acres of wheat at preeeet price» would amouat to II bue. X 26 •créa X #2.20 per bus.-#606.00
Fertilizing at the rate of 300
lbs. per acre will probably cost
you for your 26	_____
Your return from the Increase on 15 acre# fertilised #417.50
Send for our Free Bulletin No.'i. os f Full Wheat Production*
The Soil and Crop
Improvement Bureau
of the Cai.adiaa Fertilises Association
1111 Temple Bldg.; Toronto
?
MAKING ENGLAND LARGER.
-V- '
Psamma Grass Being Used to Stabilize Shifting Sand Duqes.
Cryolit—a source of aluminum,
England’s scientists are giving con-, sidcrable attention to the problem of permanently increasing the area of the British Isles by stabilizing the thousands of acres of landxwhlch are1 being added to them every few years in the form of huge sand dunes cast up by wind and waves.
In stabilizing the sand dunes great ! reliance is placed on planting them with marram grass.. Just how this accomplishes the desired purpose is explained in a British periodical, as LI follows :

•187.30

FUNNY FOLD-UPS
they made him rich
OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED LINE

* \ -» f
«7
7 'V
••eX
4
rrr
‘j/r
The Swallows’ Game.
Here and there the swallows go,
Up and down, fast and slow, Sometimes curving from the ground, Sometimes darting far around.

WOOL
* # •

I I “The two chief methods of stabiliz-
fl * ean<* dune are b? a rigid fence II and a living plant, around either of l which the shifting sand will gather, fl | The fence acts perfectly until the eand (— 1 reaches its height, but the plant has .	-	- - the advantage of growing and con-
IVHEN TEACHERS CONE IHE FUN BEGINS tinually rising above its dust heap •NIB RUBBER BANKS AND PWNTtDPlW “The best plant for this purpose is
1--- ------------------------------- psamma or marram grams, because it
mBVT WHEN ThE tCACHERÎ5 THERf OMCff grows vertically and extends horizont-OUR WILL'S AS GOOD AS HE CAN 6c » ally. Thus the embryo dunes expand
both vertically and laterally till they coalesce into dune systems, and the
Farmers who ship their direct to us get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK
who
we ye, end note whet he ears—
or. better still, write os far our prices; they y 11 show youh much you losè by selling to the General Store,	1
üigSEë
i
wool
0
As I watch them skim and tip, Upward rise and downward dip,"
I have wondered what they play Just before the close of day.
any FARMER 1
• •old his wool both
ow
all seepage danger?
growth continuas Mil the systems form ranges of psamma-covsred sand hills.
“Psamma has long been known the great sand binder and the practise of growing it on tidal land has existed for many years. As far back as the reign of George n. an act of Parliament was passed for its protec-'

X
)
[prr
H. V. ANDREWS
13 CHURCH «T. TORONTO
# •
or be so great
tlorv
SMOlil fUCKETTS

"New that the utilization of paamiM aa aubatituU far Eaparto gra* h#a been favorably reported I upon by paper manufacturera,
I tUak the H- come for the con-
T&B CUT
<
evidence was necessary to
ha human origin.
###PAGE###3###
*
tv
INTRODUCING THE FISHERETTE
Somewhere.
Somewhere fighting for the right Id eome stricken land,
In the garb of war bedtfht.
Gallant soldiers stand
Somewhere sleeping on the breast Of the kindly ground.
Lie the noblest and the best,
Lost but also found.
Somewhere caring for the pain. Often, even now,
Gentle nurses wipe the stain From the wounded brow.
Somewhere In their charity - Men and women give Prompt relief to misery.
That the poor may live
i Somewhere praying In their love, i Mothers, sisters, wives,
Call on Him who reigns above To protect dear lives.
WHAT THE WAR
IS DOING
MAKE PI tfFFC
tin 10

Attractive
Models
vtv .

A New Experiment in War Work For Women—Plucky Nova
Scotians Take to Fish Cleaning.

,}1
K
V h •
I
This Is not the kind of wartime oe Fish Corparatlon of Canto, Nova
svssrsfi ^; SsSr?;
But it Is • stimulating example that pare	for the market.
¦H,, m,. -	r. £ pu'l*.v
women have eschewed the easiest, must work and women must weep." paths open to them and have deliver , It does not look much like it when you ately chosen the rocky trail which has gee this picture! You feel more in-Never has there been an era	in	known no other feminine feet	in the	clined to say “Cheero! for Canada's
which youth has reacted upon age	so	history of Canada’s Industries.	daughters. Men must fight and
powerfully and so profoundly as	m	Early in the season though	It Is,	women must work .*1|j|||||||||	I
this one through which the race *	>o	giowing accounts are coming	from \	These women are not weeping—el-
gainfully pa.umg in this day of grace. British Columbia of v hat girls have though their sweethearts and bra-The ancient saying, “Old men for (jone jn berry^picking in the far West, there are in Fence and some of them council and young men for war,” has jn the middle Weat they are ope rat* are beneath the sod. They are— lost at least one-half of its relevancy, |ng tractofs and driving cultivators cleaning fish.
because we are sitting meekly at the an(j standing shoulder to shoulder, It sounds prosaic enough, but patri- ' Somewhere One who cannot swerve feet of the boys who are fighting in wjth their men in running the farms, otic work is often prosaic and hard From His promise given,
France like pupils at the feet of teach- But in the far East they have gone a and tedious. There is little romance Writes the names of all that serve, era. Not only are they outfighting ,%ep further. They have donned about it on this side of the Atlantic, us, but they are outthinking us. Their men»g oil-skins, rubber boots, and sou’* There is not even the inspiration of philosophy of life is finer, deeper, testers. They are not farmerettes; direct contact with war’s actuality. LEMON JUICE 19 nobler than our own. When sitting n0r are they berry-pickers nor dairy- It is simply a hard level grind— at the “council” board our lips are maids. They are—well, let us intro- times I sealed, while they discuss the deepest juce them to you—Canada’s first fish- onous.
mysteries of this mortal life with an ^rettesl	| What these girls are doing is not
unexampled wisdom. Like the Jew-} Anyone who knows the native life even easy. They are not playing Ish doctors in the temple when con- 0f Scotland ean summon up in this with suckers. . These fish are big
XL

THE REACTION UPON U8 OF COURAGEOUS YOUTH. '

R O YA L % YEAST À
CAKES *


5
rl
4
Our Sons in France Are Keeping Ua From Despair of Life.
K
/'it
MADC IN CANADA
» II W JT^eTSftOTM # «CTiiVsl •)
England From the Clouds.
The magic and beauty of England only be understood when viewed from the romance and mystery of the clouds, writes an airman in the West*
No other country
F
can

minster Gazette
has such color la the air, such varied and myeterloue forms and shapes of clouds, such ceaseleee change and FRECKLE REMOVER multiform beauty. The mystery and
____	wonder of the univ«me are always
Girlsl Make this cheap beauty lotion waiting for us to explore and are alto our airmen. It may be
In the book of Heaven
some-
objectionable, often monot-

# McCâU
fo clear and whiten your ekln.
ways ot
dull November and a smoky city; w#
__	_	__________ _______	__ ____________________ __	____ ______ ________ _______ _ Squeeze the juice of two lemons in* I climb into the machine and mount
Ing garment in peg-top effect. Dev- founded by the • testimony of the connection a vivid picture^ of the fellows—heavy to handle, cumber- ! to a bottle containing three ounces of aloft, and in a few minutes we are unhoped in novelty material, it is • de- youthful Jesus, we are “amazed at Highland «‘fishwives." So they call some and'slimy. ............... '	----- WT'* — ‘ f '	----w‘----J	^
light to the kiddies. McCall Pattern their understanding and their ans-No. 8472, Child’s Bedtime Romper. In were."
4 sises, 1 to 6 years. Price, 16 cents.

An original little romper or sleep*
............	   So	they	call	some	and	slimy.	In	learning	the	orchard white, shake well, and you	der the bright sunshine	and deep blue
them	in the land of cakes	and	her-	girls get	their	hands cut	with the	fleh	hare a quarter pint of the best	freckle	eky. The gloom of earth Is replaced
But they	are	and tan lotion, and complexion	beautl-	by pearly white clouds	with their Infast	fier, at very, very small cost.	finite variety of shape	rimmed with
Your grocer has the lemons and any the rainbow, drug store or toilet counter will supply three ounces of orchard white for a few cents
fragrant lotion into the face, neck, arms and hands each day and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, soft and white the skin becomes. Yes! It is harmless.
ring! They were really the precur- knives often enough.|H|^H See how these glorious young men BOrg 0f 0UP flgherettes—with a differ mighty deft about it and are have reacted upon our half-hearted ence# These Canadian girls are ' earning a reputation for rapid, skil-loyalty to the Government by their y0Ung and strong, and the necessity ful work, unselfish devotion. Such has been the enthusiasm of the volunteers and the humble obedience of the conscripts at the chance to serve the nation that stand abashed and have been compelled to revalue our responsibilities and our duties as citizens of Canada.
See how they have reacted upon our love of luxury and ease by their cheerful abandonment of all those privileges and instruments of modern civilization which have become to most of the very essentials of life.
Faith in a Better World
Massage this sweetly
‘iiil
*7 ,

Cor ceiled of Him.
Professor Phlrstboy prided him* self upon hi* advanced and enlightened views concerning women and their place in the scheme of things.
He sat next a very clever woman at a little dinner he attended the other night, and, in reply to a remark of hers, cried:
“My dear lady, I go farther than believing in women’s suffrage; I maintain that man and woman are equal in every way."
“Oh, professor!” said the lady very very sweetly,“Now you're bragging.”


am


we

•i

<

m
: r'.'W»






i
9
DRESSED FLEAS OFF MARKET.
Z

J*


Th le Mexican Product, As Well Ae Others, No Longer Profitable.
from Mexico.
CSrS«implicit* *nd sincrity^nd1	These girlu are replacing men who have gone to the front.	“«* dT^nu" Ive"tojct.mdng'The
with an astounding conviction and |    ----- r	_ . _.   , . . point of a needle to attach the bits of
faith they have accepted the funda- 0f war rather than the custom of the The ( anada \ ood Board has been b . ht cl(>th ^ lewx, to tbe bodies of
# mccall	mental ideas that life is service and agea has led them to take up this | telling Canadians for months past the wee peetfl Through a microscope
# w	death is immortality. Hear one of work.	, that they must eat more fish. At last dressed fleaa appeared a* minla-
3KSEE #######
es **	mm wimm
most horrible forms have swept 0f Holland. On their heads were they cannot go out in dories to catch ^ ^ope, and many of theee curio around the world and changed the con- shawls or "mutches."	the precious sea rood, they can at gtoreg have cltwe<] their doors since
victions of millions of human beings Very different is the Canadian fish least have a share in handling It on (he k)Urlet embargo became effective
about the nature of existence.	erette! Her outfit is all-enveloping, shore.	_#
It is the hopes, the convictions, the smart and utilitarian. She is re- - There are hundreds of girls by the	_lnlmanl 0uree
purposes and the consecrations of our Cruited from the ranks of the younger coast who might take this to heart. me*,<le Llntat,!_0y 00 sons In France that are keeping us women on the fishing coast. She is They are on the spot. Their etrnng	He Wanted to Know
”, EHl£grH|s ÉBB3EEH: EEEHr:EB ###%«
ttgBK.ww'a^- —	æ
A business succeeds only as it ser- were reddening the eastern sky, the	by our home treatment. Write
new hand came around the corner of 0» before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical
4 Co Limited. Col 11 nr wood Ont


US

Bad news comes


V
:

%

wj
«
;
#
Mlnard's Liniment Co., Limited.
I have used MIX ARD S LINIMENT on my vessel and In my family for years, and for the every-day ills and accident# of life I consider It has no equal. I would not start on a voyage without It, If it cost a dollar a bottle.

Gentlemen


v
4
•K
!
CAPT. F. R. DESJARDIN. Schr. Storke, St. Andre, Kamouraaka.

4
4

bly.
H.. e/o Wllaoe Toronto.
f An excellent coloring medium for gravies Is strong tea. Many people prefer this to the usual burnt sugar „ and water, as the ter colors Without giving the sweet taste which is to many people so objectionable.
FDIGKEED NEWFOUNDLAND Pupplee. that noble breed now #@ nearly extinct. We have some very fine R A. Ollleeple. Abbotsford. Que.
1> EDIGREED BLACK SIBERIAN JL Fur Harea weighing fifteen pounds at maturity. Charte# Reembeck. V kleek Hill. Ontario
P
" one»
To clean old jewelry, make • lather of warm soapsuds and add to it half • teaspoonful of sal volatile; brush the Jewelry in this, afterward polishing with an old silk handkerchief or piece of wash-leather.
are
SEA-BEANS GROWN ON LAND.
li r 1p c Nvs
Gulf Stream Bears Them Northward From Caribbean Shores.

ves
ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN'T HURT A BIT!
The present American sugar ration the barn, is three pounds per person per month. The farmer dropped the fork he That in England is two pounds; in was wielding and stared long and France one and one half pounds and hard at the tardy one.
Italy one pound. Sometimes In France W/Ê. HHH and Italy It is not possible to get su- sarcasm, “whar have you gar enough to give out tills meagre hull forenoon?” ration.
Along the Atlantic beaches In Florida are picked up great numbers of “sea-beans”—'very pretty things, about the size of a hickory nut mostly, and utillzable for the making of trinkets. Often they are worn as watcheharms.
They are almost incredibly hard and susceptible of a high polish, being first sandpapered and then finished by industrious rubbing with chamois-
ski n. ¦MM——
them la this manner, and, by cutting in odd way#, for sale to tourists.
They are of many varieties) and formerly there warn a good deal of mystery about their origin—the supposl-
SMOKE T1ICKI TTS

No foolishness! Lift your corns and calluses off with fingers —It’s like msglcl
“Wall,” he asked In tones of heavy
been the
1BET&I
ne
MONEY ORDERS.
A Dominion Express Money Order for five dollars costs three cents.
Bore corns, hard corns, soft corns or any kind of a com, can harmlessly be lifted right out with the fingers If you apply upon the com a few drops of freezone, says a Cincinnati authority.
For little cost one can get a small bottle of freezone at any drug store, which will positively rid one's feet of every corn or callus without pain.
This simple drug dries the moment It Is applied and does not even irritate the surrounding skin while applying It or afterwards.
This announcement will interest many of our readers. If your druggist hasn’t any freesone tell him to surely get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house.
of the finest teachers of
food values
?
Bailor# and fishermen prepare
PAIN
As an evidence of the enthusiasm which ham been inspired by the Food Board’s campaign for the cultivation of vacant land the St. Thomas Horticultural Society proposes to lease from 200 to 600 acres of land for 1919. They expect to raise from $5000 to $10,000 by $10 shares for this purpo Cereal crops are to be raised to help meet the food shortage.
ïïiiator
TlS
lion being that they were seeds of
Promptly ~ relieves rheumatism.
lombago/ neuralgia, yïi\n». I*"* back, toothache and ill similar troubles.* Hirst’s stop# the puinJ Sold for 40 years Should be w household.! All dealers-
(Milts
plants that grew somewhere in the depths of the sea This theory easily accounted for the quantities of them thrown up on the shore by the break-


every ' or write us
MUST REMEDY COMPANY, MamfbSO.Ca*.
ere.
its brimful of.
Nourishment
Combines nicely with other foods and Is
Delicious
Requires little milk or cream No Sufjar and there's no
waste
Give It A Test
#1:
It Is now known, however, that they are in reality the seeds of pod-bearing vines that grow profusely along the Caribbean MttoraL Each pod contains
Sir Frederick Bridge has been the
several of them, arranged like peas In

A Scrambled Metabhor
"Yes,” said the lecturer, attempting* an eloquent climax to his address, "all along the untrodden paths of nature you can see the footprints of
the banks of
monly on or n streams, by which the beans (dropped bom the ripened pods) are carried to

The gulf Stream, sweeping north-
an
s
el
are cast up on the beaches.
take a shovelful and before placing H on the ire sprinkle s little Une *kta i<. This enables it to burn well and brightly.
diameter, but deemed of no value
In Europe violin nupils usually re* dve two or three lessons a -jreek the
| year around.
S Cure* Dioht*
1
Board License

tfo. 2 OS#
###PAGE###4###
In rk :
J. H K Ml I MERLE A IT,
Marchand,
Fugerville,
Assigned —Failli.
The said insolvent having made a judicial abandonment of his property for the benefit of his creditors, on the 10th day of August, 1018. Creditors are notified to meet at the Frethonotary \ Office, in the Court House, in the village of Bryson, Co Pontiac, on the 90th of August, IVIS, at 10 o'clock in the forenoon to ail vise as to the appointment of a Curator and Inspectors
(Signed) Ai.phonkk Martixkav, Pinthonotary Sti|>eriorCourt,
district of Pontiac.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, AUGUST 22, 1918.
9


Vhc wheat crop of Canada tlii> yv.u
V2 million bushels. Alberta and other

is now estimated at
1
I
ivy rams in tl e Wt st hav< reatly improved
parts the outlook
CLOTHES
from Vladivistock say that
Report
Russians are being conscripted into th< i ïvi man forces on a small scale
X
With
wing hatred of Germany that is daily becoming more pronounced in this Hun expedient to procure reinforcements for their war-worn, shattered armies is not likely to be very successful. The old bear may become dangerous again sooner than expected.
tl

111
9
1
should be able to keep in personal touch with events and act as channels of communication between the British War Cabinet and their Governments."


5
Ï
It
It is announced that the Expeditionary Force which it is pressed to raise in Canada for service in Siberia will be in command of l>rig.*General Kinsley, of Toronto, who has a distinguished military record. It is understood this force will bo raised by voluntary enlistment.
Minutes of Clarendon Council
A Square Deal For Every Man
Choice of
Shaw ville, July 2, 1918
Shaw ville, August Regular session of Clarendon Council held on the above date in Hynes’ Hall, Shaw ville Present
1918
The House
It > Measure
""—am iwnmi ¦ ¦
mUr
OF SHAWVILLE
TO THE MEN
Mayor Fred W. Thomas, and Councillors Bert Hudgins, W. 1'. McDowell, M. Sinclair, A. Horner, W. T. Barber and T. Smiley.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of eon ns. Hudgins and Sinclair.
Motion—Conns. Horner and I lodging —That Rural Ins. Vcrny Fades lie notified to visit promised sideline between lots 23 and 24, range 12, and lay out a road and have a proces-verbal drawn up and signed by parties interested. Carried.
Le Canada, a French C anadian newspaper of Montreal, appals to deserters to give themselves up, as they can hope tor nothing by continuing their efforts to evade the Military Service Law. The advice is the best that could l»e given, but unhappily a good many of the evaders are ignorant of the law and have no idea of the seriousness ot the situation they have created for them selves and those who have been be friending them.


%
Tip Top Clothes at our one-price direct-
from-maker-to-wearer gives you practically
every demand in clothes you desire. Value supreme__style up to the minute—.patterns
the season’s choicest__Every order backed by
our iron-clad guarantee of absolute satisfaction or your money back.
You owe it to yourself to come and investigate this wonderful value—it will mean to you true economy—value gained— money saved.	,
f



if
Motion—Conns. Sinclair and Horner —That John Stewart be given an order to 1). T. Hudgins for 300 6-inch tile, to lie used in ditch on 5th con. opjwisite lot 88.—Carried.
Motion—Conns. McDowell ami Horner-That Win. Hodgins be paid #15
.each for IS ewes and l ram killed by saving in the homes have reduced Cana- dogs *o10, and *4.66 for 1 lamb killed
dian consumption of flour from 800,0001 —total #214.66.—Carried
to 600,000 barrels per month as co»n
pared with pre-war consumption. Con	.	, ,...
*	. ,,	,	,	John Sparling, road bill
servation efforts in C anada are releasing ^ j }|nnier u
meat enough to provide the ration for | Charles Wnrkman, “
1. J. Davis,	44
Canada is now saving sugar at the : V
' Adam hlliott,
James Belsher,	44
Stoning and gravelling.
il
\
% r z<
Hi
/
: /j
Results of Conservation
i
Conservation methods and voluntary
U
\

Motion—Conns. Smiley and Barber That the following bills lie paid :
I
#140 :>o
205 25
167 85 115 30 40 00 15 00 183 00 173 00
ty Open Saturday Evenings till 0 o'clock
l
M
it least 500.000 soldiers
A Chain of One-Price Stores from Const to Coast
rate of more than 100,000 tons per an
Bum as compared with a year ago.
Nearly 800 cars of foodstuffs have I W. C. Horstield, 12 days on gntd-,
saved from total or partial loss | er at #2.50,	*
Peter I >av is, on cedars,
Harold Elliott, tile,
A. Desjardins,
Net exports of l>eef from Canada | Earl Fulford, on grading,
have been increased by nearly 75,000,0001 Joseph Krigour, road bill,
H. Richardson,	44
George Dunlop,	41
! Geo. Connelly,	44
Joseyh Sly,	44
James Crick,	*
TipTopTailors
30 00 25 00 10 00 4 50 75 00 •J"l 90 154 00 108 25 102 10 130 00
been
from spoiling through regulations of the Canada Food Boare,

204 Sparks Street Ottawa

<
All Clothes Made-To-Measure
million pounds per year, or 6,795 jkt
ver the average net ex
cent increase
ports for 1910-14.
Before the war Canada imported but ter at the rate of 7,000,000 pounds an
15 00
—Carried.
—>'¦ ™, T,ry i. „.w Wy	^ £
at the net rate of over 4,000,000 pounds tjien per annum.
Canada exported from 25 to 30 per cent more wheat during the last twelve months than could have been exported had it not been for conservation and
Next Saturday, 24th, Defaulters Last Day
44 Northwest of Hheims an enemy I raid near Neuvillete was without re 1 suits.
Council adjourned on motion of c< Smiley and Horner.
l
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
E. T. Hodgins
It is hoped by the military authorities that all outstanding absentees and
deserters will take advantage of the op-	J | WÊtIÊÊÊKÊÊKÊIKÊ I
Three Million Americans to be ! port unity given them to escape punish- Press learns authoritatively that t lament, by reporting for duty not later ; total capture of prisoners l>y the Canathan the 24th instant. This chance is 1 dian Corps in the recent operations now In report-1 afforded them by the Governor-Gen- ‘ reaches 10,000, with 150 guns and ma
* *	L Those, chine guns in thousands. They |>ene-
trated territory to a depth of 22,000 yards, including 24 towns and villages, some of them of considerable size.
The number of prisoners taken since the allied offensive began exceeds 73,-
Svc. -Treas
T1IE CANNDIAN8 BIG PUSH.
London, Aug. 17. —The Canadian
organization of our final resources.
By standardization of Hour and in creasing the ; percentage of Hour extrac tion from wheat, Canada is saving 20, 000 barrels of Hour j»er month.
—Canada Food Board.
in France by next June
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Washington, August 15.—_______
ing the Administration man-power bid. leral’s proclamation "t Aug. i>tH extending draft ages, today, Chairman who rejn>rt for duty up to 24th August Chamberlain disclosed to the senate that will be free from punishment, and such General March, chief of staff, had told of them as are entitled to it will be the Military Committee it was up to given harvest or other leave. J the United States to put men enough All who are affected by this proclaim in France to win the war on the west ation should realize the seriousness of
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Good Progress in Canadian Ship Building
Ottawa, Aug. 14.—The Government is making good progress with its sixty million dollar shipbuilding program for the year. With the completion of the Imperial Munitions Board's contracts berths for new ships for government order are now rapidly becoming available. Altogether twenty ships are now under contract tor the Marine department with three additional freighters of 10,500 tons each, to be laid down not later than November 1, in the Halifax
u
Contracts for seven new steel vessels aggregating 28,650 tons have just been made.
The Davies Company of Levis will build two of 3,450 tons each, the Port Arthur Shipbuilding Company two of 3,400 tons each and the Collingwood Shipbuilding Company one of 3,750 tons.
000
>nt.	their position. The military authorities
The report revealed that the new intend to deal rigorously with offenders,
American* war program calls for eighty and to allow no one failing to report by divisions, or something over three mil- 24th inftant to escape punishment, lion men in France by June 30 next Absentees and deserters failing to reyear, w ith eighteen more divisions in port during the period of amnesty must	Bom * nK c utrage.
training at home	understand that they have no clemency	"They	are the bravest	soldiers in
All of the men called for active	ser-	to hope for. Instructions have already,	France."	said a returned	Australian
h......awsasan»
committee, would lie in r ranee by next	vere ;ienalties upon all outstanding ab-	arching,	an(j faced death with a
June, according to the program.	sen tees and deserters apprehended after	calmness	seldom seen on	the battle-
24th August, 1918.	| field. We Australians, with the help
5	- g .	. e A	__ , of the Canadians, will avenge the
German Super Sobs, not Sent to	-------—	outrage." Among the Canadians the
this Side of Atlantic.	Saturday's Official Statements outrage is felt most keenly, but even
... . .	.	~	.	of the”War Situation	in anger and sorrow there is gn at
Washington, Aug. 16. German sub	+	____ pride in the steadfast courage shown
marines carrying out raids in American	>IT	by the nurses. The matrons and doc-
waters are of the cruiser tyjie, very pro- .	, Al1_ ^h.	tors state In that period, and the
bahly converted merchantmen like the R . . /	t. . *•	bombing lasted intermittently for
Each Dominion to Keep a Min- me, carrying large crews, 5.9 inch guns „ ,n „ie nejghlxirho.,t of Vieux Ber- dreadful ordeal. I know our boys
ister in London	and mme laymg equipment as well as jn Qur	had ahlir|, fighting yes- will make the German, regret they
tori «sloes.	t‘r,Uv and further enemnters took «ver did this," .he declared.
Iv-ndon, Aug. 19.-The Times an- These conclusions have been drawn	TTLlT	"The Germane knew we were
nounces that the Ini] «criai War Cabinet by naval officers from detailed rejorts	here,” .aid the matron of one of the
.iïÆS süV£j%."oS
Possibly Sir Edward Kemp will con- long and officers are satisfied they are d Scboerperberg and in the vicinity man coward.," .he concluded, tmue to represent Canada and presum not the super submarines which fre 7illebekeLake^	. "wanted to kill our wounded." The
ably General .Smuts will represent South (pient report* of late have said Germany '	J	Australians were highly wrought up
Africa.	was building.	FRENCH.	over the deed. They rendered every
It would be very unwise to jump to	It	may now be stated that the raiders Paris, Aug. 17.—The text	of to-day’s	assistance and	kindness to	the
the conclusion that Premier Hughes de	have	made no effort to attack troop	statement reads :—	Canadians, and	th* outrage	as
sires the post of Permanent Minister of	*hi;*	leaving for Europe and that “In the region west of	Roye there	strongly cemented the ties >etween
the Commonwealth of Australia.	none	of them ever has been sighted by	was heavy artillery activity	during the	these m.-n of 1^rman-	d*-
Editorially the Times recommends outbound transports or convoying war night.	_	.1™ T	of bombing behind
this w Useful Innovation.* and says : ships. This fact, together with the gen- * South of the Ayre French troops lh# Ijnes aD(1 lh# use 0( gas «%-u The ex|iedient is unlikely to be a final	era! character of the operations of the	continued to make progress in the B >is	have been victims of
solution of the problem of Empire Gov-	submersibles, is accepted here generally	des Logea and reached the eastern out-	Qerman	gas and bombs, an,d If they
eminent.	as proof that the sole purpose of the skirts of the wood.	: CAn influence the decision no such
** We imagine it will still be necessary raids is to hinder commerce as much as “ Between the Matz and the Oise we arrangement will be made with the that the brads of the Dominion Govern-	possible and incidentally to carry the	repulsed two heavy enemy attacks	Germans, but the It efforts will be rainent* .should |*riodically come to Lon-	German campaign of " Fright fulness	against Monolithe and Carnoy farms	doubled	to punish them with ihe war
don, but the permanent ministers heret to America.	| and maintained our positions.	they >nginate«
THE BRAVEST SOLDIERS
Custom Sawing.
Heroic Nurses Never Flinched During
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
18 to 45—
EXHIBITION
!
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden Products—Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies—Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits—Auto Show—Dog Show—Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
Big Time” Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gram Festival on the closing mght, Saturday Sept. 16th—Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
The
Stewart McClbnaghan, Pretidml,
John W. Brant, Treasurer
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
ECONOMY BECOMES LAW
\ Weekly Journal devoted te Loom Interest!.
Published every Thersde y
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
City of Montreal
6%—Five Year Gold Bonds
Cftlsen» Who Are No! Thrifty Will
lie Punlsbrd.
Let These Prices Be Your Incentive to Buy
Enforcement of the Canada Food Board's regulations as to food conservation has been placed In the hands oh the police mac hinery of the municipalities and of the different provinces throughout the Dominion.
it is the duty of the provinces to enforce Federal laws and the orders of the Canada Food Board have the effect of Federal law, being passed upon authority of orders Issued by the Privy Council and published in the Canada Gazette. It, therefore, becomes the duty of police officers throughout the Dominion, to acquaint themselves with these regulations regarding our food supply and to see to it that they are obeyed. At this stage of the world's food situation, when 4,750,000 people in Europe have starved to death as compared to 4,250,000 soldiers who have died as the result of battle, it is beyond | caxil or dispute that these food regulations are absolutely necessary. InI deed, many people in communication ! with friends in England or in France I think our Canadian regulations mild in view of what people on the other aide are undergoing. Patriotism as well as duty should Inspire submission to these restrictions by the public and vigilant enforcement of them by the officers of the law.
In cases of convictions secured by the municipal police officers, it should be noted that where these convictions result in the imposition of fines, the money from these flues is to be paid to the municipal treasuries, and similarly in the cases where provincial officers secure convictions. The Canada Food Board has circularized these orders in official form throughout the police machinery of the various provinces, beginning with the Attorneys-General and continuing through the lists of Crown Attorneys and Crown Prosecutors. In some provinces the chief constables have also received copies of the various orders affecting the public. As a result, throughout Canada of recent weeks, there has been a crop of convictions. In all cases the magistrates have stood tirmly behind the regulations and imposed the penalties as provided. These run from $100 to $1,000, in fines or imprisonment up to three months or both. Restaurant keepers, who have served meat on prohibited days and hours, served sugar on the tables or wasted food, have been brought to task and the widespread publicity this has entailed will do a great deal more to assure conservation of food in public eating places than anything else.
The anti-loafing law, also bearing upon our war-time food production, has likewise been enforced. Magistrates have seized the opportunity of dealing with loafers, tramps and “sports” by putting them to work on the farms. “Non-essential” industries have been interpreted by some magistrates into more or less defl-l’ruiner From the Dominion Talks of | nite groups and men who had no bet-WÈ.	Manly Sport.	ter excuse than employment In said
- sms “ —, s I EFmEEH
has been observed In the streets since this law went into effect. The idlers and loafers have disappeared.
strBscBirTroif, $1 ? Year in Advance
gfT All arrears must be paid up before my paper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
The Security of the Metropolis of Canada.
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100, $500 and $1000, with privilege of registration as to principal. .
Leg il Advertising, 10 cent* per line for 1st Insertion and 6 cents per Hue or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #3.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without in structions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub IUhed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Principal and semi-annual interest
May
November—payable in gold in Montreal or at the Agency of the Bank of Montreal in New York.
/
GLOVES
* Ladies’ Silk Gloves, black and white, pure silk, double finger tips.
PRICE : PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST. For further particulars and application forms, apply to

75c. per pair.
RENL-T. LECLERC
VERSAILLES VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS, LTD
Montreal Quebec
i
INVESTMENT BBOKKK
160 St. James Street • Montreal
COLLARS
F1
(ESTABLISHED 1*01)
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
A very special assortment of many new kinds and materials.
JOB PRINTING.
BAMQUE'JTHOCHELAUA
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
50c. to $1.50 each-
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
OVERSIZE VESTS
Professional Cards.
New goods, fancy weave, mercerized, both
50c. a garment.
Does your Boy need a New Suit for School ? - The time will soon be here.
vests and drawers.
DR. A. H. BEERS
.	SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bay • • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
OVERSIZE HOSE
40c. and
Black only, cotton, garter top. 50c. a pair.
We have nice patterns made up in the latest styles, and the prices will be reduced for the next fifteen days Call in and see the quality of these Suits
SWEATER COATS
S. A. MACKAY
These are smart locking Sweater Coats that combine both style and comfort and at the same time good values. Some are made of brushed wool with large collars and fashionable sashes to match, others are in the plain weaves, good weight and style. $6.00
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
I
Que.
«
MURRAY BROS
4
•1
a. j. McDonald b. g. l.
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, âo.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawvllle Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
«
G. F. HOGGINS GO. LTD.
Farmers and Dairymen tlye time is here
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;

AC
1ST
A tV OC
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
TOMMIES LEARN BOXING.
198 Main St. - Hull.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.

dier henceforth. The average training period of the British recruit now is not more than six months, but several hours of each week will be devoted to boxing, partly in an effort to counteract the deadening influence
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
Because it is made in Canada
Because it is an instrument that saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
Because it is so simple that a child can redi 1 y learn to take it apart and put together again
Because it is so easy to keep
dean
Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
Because all gearing is enclosed
Because it is so easy to run
Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
1
For rheumatism or kidney trouble,
_ _	_ . ATTr this medicine has no equal, and it is
CAMPBLLLS BAY, QUB. highly recommended for indigestion,
mis msipisiE
SS-S-ÿ-sgf
== 'mmm
tism fof over fifteen years, and at times past the bayonet has been our espe- frms ,The spif1ilt#1 °i unable to work. Two bottles of your cial weapon, and no other nation has aJrain1 exemplified by the mm of
SpSS SSS5
eeheeh issbss:
“™: t:	JS»-
Column Association are: Hon. president, Lt.-Col. J. K. Leslie; honorary vice-president, Lt.-Col. A. Curran; president, J. A McDonald; vice-president, A. Devitt and secretary treasurer, W. J. Bewley.
teà
)
Batouche
Thirty-three years ago the death blow was given the Riel rebellion in
8
4
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
5
0
MADE IN CANADA
8
GEORGE E. MORENCY
0
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OP
10	Because it lias other exclusive features such as curved wing » bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck
bearing and instantaneous clutch in base Attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
A CALL SOLICITED.
Agent.
H. E. MITCHEM
P D f* ET UYMFR this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-U	E n 1	j ville Drug Co., 8hawville, Que r Cou-
longe Supply Ço., Fort Coulonge, Que.;
J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Oi from the manufacturer W
Box 296, Renfrew, Oat_________.__________________________
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting! both physical and mental
Pjrsonalattention.openallhours. I for mail orders, add sufficient to cover ^nir^oxln^'tea^jTT^n%%f:
------------------------------_ j postage.	confidence, how to take a blow or a
succession of blows, knowing that his opportunity is coming.
“What we owe to boxing and other sports in this crisis It is Impossible to calculate, notwithstanding that only ten per cent, of the nation participated. The mere fact of watching boxing and other sports has tended in a measure to keep alive the combative instinct of the British race, although it must be remembered that Thousands of Orchatd trees need | watching a game may Increase an
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
War Garden call for small fruits, early bearing fruit trees. Asparagus, Rhubarb plants, etc.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
CANADIAN PACIFIC
tremendous effort has yet to be made.
Courage
UNDERTAKING
a"d EMBALMING] Local Agents Wanted
W. J. HAYES
FARM LABORERS
Î
Cultivating Vacant Land.
Mr. F. Abraham, honorary chairman of the Vacant Lot and Home Garden Section of the Canada Food Board, estimates that production from vlcant lot and back yard gardens this summer, judging by the reports of increased acreage now under cultivation, will be two or three times In excess of last year Agricultural Gazette of Ottawa states that last year Canada produced between $20,000,000 and $30,000,000 worth of garden truck.
For " The Old Reliable
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
TO
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention .-
WINNIPEG
The
individual's spirit, but does not improve his physique.”
J. L. HODGINS
Plus Ac. per mile beyond
An Historic Farm.
The demand for Ornamental stock | brush with the Americans, the I Trapping In Old Ontario.
priests of the Quebec seminary gave A. O. DeBruge, trapper and fruit over some farm land for the train- grower, of Tin Cap, near Brockvllle, , lng of French-Canadlan young men. has the past season caught twenty-xperienee More than a century later, the prieets so* skunks, eight coons, twenty red
of this same seminary offered this foies, four minks, twenty four wease If-sa me farm, at Maiberete, on the *#l* and 108 muskrats. For the pelts Beauport shore, to the military for | he received $511. The trapping was the training of young men who will | done In Leeds and Grenville.
for college boys and Laval students. It Is estimated by a Parliamentary
Among the recruits Is Eugene Cao- Committee that 50,000 men will be quette, a nephew of Archbishop needed for the harvest In < * , i . Mathieu.	-	I from August 1st to September 1st.
Excursions August 15 and 27,1918
From all Stations In the Province of Quebec ; also stations in the Province of Ontario-Brockville, Smiths Falls, North Bay and East.
FARE RETURNING : K- per mile to Winnipeg plus #18 to
NO CHANCE OF CARS brtwwi. tart and Wart on the C. F. N
For information apply to nearest Canadian Pacific Agent or to
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
in towns and villages is large
with lib-
. QUE. | “3°
_______ not necessary.
SHAWVILLE
STONE & WELLINGTON
(Established 1887»
TORONTO. ONT
G. A. L. TUCKER, Agent,
ROHPTLY SEC
Shawville, Que
In all countrl TOR'S ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
364 University SL» Montréal.
Ask for our INVEN-
Equity Advts. Pay.
###PAGE###6###
Cream Wanted
$
1 ideal. I want the genuine article of a man for a son-in-law. I'm afraid you’ll backslide. If you’re serious, go to her but promise you will leave j / her free. You’ll abide by your state- ; ment that you’ll tell her of your love only when I any you may?”	|
À gasp escaped Crane’s lips hut a new determination was in his eyes, i “I will, Mr. Mann.”	|
Clinton refused to believe the word that passed from house to house. Most
of the citizens smiled at “Crane’s1	CAUSES FOR FAILURE IN DRYING.
grand stand piny.” <	A recent institute speaker in our that more fruits, vegetables, jellies
L I nl'mnnl To ruVback to the city	community said: “Don’t can anything	and jams will be served all winter, the Qjven two hours In which	to pre-
with Ted Speer and from there to	that can be	kept without canning,	family will fare better and enjoy bet-	pare for the an(jt Nicholas Romanoff,
make his preparations for going and don’t dry anything that can be ter health and meat bills will dimm» former Russian Emperor, was taken straight for enlistment with the am-	kept without	drying.” In other	ish correspondingly. It may be even	olR hi, executioners In a	state of
bulunce corps in France.	Crane act-	words, don’t can up onions when they	necessary to supply less fortunatl	9UC^ ^Raps# that it was neoesaarJ
ing on Ted's advice chose	the amhul-	kct,p weR jn a ^ry collar, and don't	neighbors with some of the preserves to	(Q prop hJm againet a post, says the
ance corps because the ami y au - ^ry	and turnips when they finish them up at the end of the sea-	Anzelger of Berlin, which
mobile had icon one oP	JJj	keep so well in root cellars. The	son, or some may be carried over,	cja|mg to have received from a high
naralkm1'before °h* could get into the	8«me speaker gave it as her opinion 1	as unsugared sterilized juices of cur-	RuBBlan personage an account of the
fray and now that he had	determined	that drying should be resorted to in	rants, apples, crabapples and grapes	ex.pIar’e last hours,
to go he was eager to be on his way.	comparatively	few cases and with	keep from nine to eighteen months Nicholas waa awakened	at five
(To be continued.)	special products. A few cherries and then make excellent jellies.	o'clock on the morning of the day of
should be dried for use instead of	To	put up unsugared fruit juices for	^t* exacution by	a patrol of a nonraisins (the pits should he left in);	jelly	making, proceed exactly as if	commissioned officer and six men. He
apples and peaches should be dried,	jelly	were to be made at the time.	wag ^td to dress	and was then taken
because they have such a good effect	Cook	the fruits until they are soft and	to R ^ where	the decision of the
upon the health of the individual; strain out the juice through u flannel	Council was ooramunJcated ,to
corn and peas should be dried, because	bag. Heat and pour while hot into	^tm. was informed the execution
they may be more easily saved	bottles previously scalded. Fill the	woui<j be carried out In two hours,
through drying than through canning, bottles full, leaving no air space be- The former Emperor, it is added, re» I have tried drying various things	tween juice and cork or seal. Place	ce|ve<j the announcement of the sen»
and find that it fails largely for four	the filled sealed bottles on their sides	tence of death with great calmness.
Either the heat is applied	in water near the boiling point, and j	yB returned to his bedroom ànd coi-
too quickly, the pieces are too thick,	keep them in the bath for about thirty	iapged in a chair. After a few minutes
the materials are not prepared thor- ' minutes. Make sure that the cork-! he asked for a priest, with whom he oughly or the stuff is allowed to be- ed or sealed end is under the hot wa- ; wag avowed to remain unattended, come contaminated by flies and mill-, ter. As soon as the bottles are cool subsequently he wrote several letters.
cover the cork with a paraffin seal. when the escort arrived to take The sun is the safest drier of them Thorough sterilization and sealing are him to the place of execution, Nicholas all, for Old Sol never scorches the pro- absolutely essential to success.	1 attempted to rise from his chair but
duct. But sun drying is very slow, | To make jelly from the sterilized wa8 not able. The priest and a sol» especially if a few dark days follow juice, test its jelling quality, add the were obliged to help him get to in succession. Where much is kept in proper amount of sugar, and proceed feet. The condemned man de» this way, stove drying is often follow- as in making jelly from freshly ex- ^nded the stairs with difficulty and
The usual inclination is pressed juice.	* once he fell down.
As he was unable to stand with* out support when the place of execution was reached, he was propped against a post. He# raised hie hands and seemed to be trying to speak, but the rifles spoke and he fell dead.
roimtifék
J(?cW a
Fresh as a Flower
and just as fragrant!

f
»«s îs aw
market pries. Our plant le rlirhl ui> t» data. In business since fl of . Drop me a postcard for particulars.
t
%
Co.
Mutual

• EXCZAR'S LAST HOURS.
Collapsed Before Rifle Squid, Stye
German Newepaper.
Is lust the tiny buds and young leaves from hill-grown shrubs— So economical because
it yields so generously in the teapot»
•446
H is Q reat Decision
Three Kings.
“He who opposes me ! will break in
piece*."
“We kings must stick together."
—Charles of Austria. "We democrats must stick together."
George of England.
Which Shows the Attitude of Our Southern Neighbor At the Beginning of the War, and How the Republic's Noblest Sons and Daughters
Rose to the Occasion.
William of Prussia.
By Edith Brown Kirkwood
“What can a fella
CHATPTER I.	His face sobered
SiiKsr:
iSfSsfe... r:____________________
large to spoil its friendliness, lay in P^ed, you know .	...	.	down,
the midst of land upon which the gods *ou. really don't think we	And the morning light, I trow,
Its harvests	^	A
Jf ru-M te
grunted^happily11^ the »“tieT’ P/U- ITame this, much less stay out is turned into great mounds veined in too much for me. I tried to get n
pSHilSîüE CEE 12 L......
half a century, always building nev,:r why don t you get in? ,	•	.Under the blue of the patient sky,
octroying. Many of its people knew It was said in the spirit which And this BUffering earth, where the frequentiy turned
SSB	—¦ .	1 Jzrjsr:—-
away rumble set rolling by ambitious made crane wmce.	, One wears his crest with a haughty seared oyer and the moisture «line ( A(J g ,h tell ug, Bhrlnk as they The Italians were first taught muiit
kings and princes? America was the "I come up for a p easant how-do	^	mter.or i. bottled in. Th* stu* I cooI externally, and ours has been by the Belgians and Netherlander,.
If» ss wêmmw= &&****>
"All right," Ted called after him. His base heart, beatlug its pulse, “All’s the moisture has been driven off, farther To-day It is ninety-three mil-IT 1 I ¦	!	well,"____product shouW be tempered; 1that is,	of mltoe dlflUnt from Us. owing
made war investments that netted ; get a amgeu signe	.& J"" ^v.. v Echoes Amen to the hate or neu.	it should be poured into anotner \ew- ^ ^ h&ying shrunk so enormously.
cr BrB Ef	! J:	~
of the entertainments grew into| "Aw, shut up!" said Crane. "I mean soul!	j the vegetables to be dried more than
benefits "for the Belgian baby fund" it. Ted’s right. We’re a lot of	.. . # th#x of one layer thick on the drying tray. In
and few were arranged solely for the cads to sit tight on the good things Bui one- all ^	1	*	many cases, the molding that appears
Sur.'.:!.1# Sr &ir	....	- «~t ¦ *** «.........
debutante friends, dressed in their know the truth but now we do. Let s	shamed face.	, ,	,	. C aught In this flaming maelstrom
prettiest, "assisted” while Crane get ready. We can drill. The set-1 Hig 6Ceptred might is a holy thing; The root crops of which the ca r . our earth will flash once like a burst-Chapman and the young men of the ting up exercises will do no harm and ^ Rftfl hig kiIlfthip over the king; beet, parsnip and turnip are examples lng	and disappear, shrivelled to
"crowd," hurried from stores and If we’re needed wf can go. Oh, T And |rt wlth ^ jove from service must have special care in the pre- nothingness In an	instant.	But thank
offices where they were employed, to know what you’re thinking—that I’d	paration in order to make an edible goodue88 that won’t happen in our
z, “ »¦»: 1 s tf,;' “r*-*?	«.» «.. «*.......
ec r:z
“Doc Baron came to me this even-! up’ alone. I’ll do better—I’ll go to	Highway.	container full of the dried carrot ( will in the same way soften paint
jng to.tell me he is leaving for France!"	-----+--	chips. It is desirable to blanch most brushes which have become hardened.
France.”	He stalked out of the store.	The Army Chaplain.	0f the vegetables and some of the, —
"What’s he doing that for?” asked Crane did not.go home. Some-	.	e,A mt, fruits, such as apples. The blanch-
Airs. Mann in an injured tone.	thing impelled him to go past the These sodden, sllm> trencnee are m. getg the milk in corn and makes
"Well, it seems they need more doc- bank. There was a light in the pre-	pews;	..	. it less pasty and soft to work with,
tors over there and a lot of the sident’s office He wondered what This is my flock-rude, blood-bespat-	* the kernels entire and for
ijsytsST&.‘hir.'.in’S: sa«s ««.......... w. ^ »....	sz s-t»
:r,s.F - ¦— “do “ - sataiWb;'”” 7 "77	.... jaL-arvafw;
“It hardly seems fair for our best He shook the door gently and the Some swear and gamble—till I won nm* ‘	_ the dryin„ pan9 or1
EESsE®	- - ¦ -
Mrs Mann’« sudden changes of "May I come in? Crane’s voice Yet with what awe I minister to them, gects and moths fly in the evening, topic always mystified her husband, and knees were unshaking. “I’d like As fine a breed as God put on earth! pi*ce the dried stuff in wide-mouth-He made no attempt to keep abreast to talk to you."	Irreverent-true! But by their scoffs ed bottles, pasteboard boxes, paper
of them or to understand them. When “Humph, grunted Mr. Mann. m	they mask	sacks and in fact, anything that hap-
lnterest in his own flagged, he re- doing some important w'ork but » you yhe altar fires aflame within their pens to be tight. Paper sacks can be mained silent; so, wrapped in indivi- think you ve anything worth saying,	breasts!	made	to exclude insect enemies by
is.:
S to b	tiT,r3„r.t.T‘1'"	.. ».
them the good will of the big town	*Tm sorry” Crane went on. "Ive	He sees.	has	been	poorly prepared,
family. Clinton sent out a call to always hoped you would like me for instead, I tell them of that Man who
LvHHæH.sS	ArVndi w"	*™ “"»« Z »”J'SFZ;
—ErtEEH/EHH -	"" - “
Ing and aay the word that was wanted row”	They nod their heads; they ucier-	with bottled juice a greater va-
,t his old friend's party.	• "Away? Mr. Mann s tone was in- etand thl8 Christ, • • * riety’ of jellies can be made, as juices
“I’ve always been proud to be Tom crSyJgU8>m going to war "	They take Him with them to their that wil inot jell can be put up when
Bacon's friend,” said Ted as he dosed	»To war you say ? You’re going to	Calvary!	the	fruit	ia ripe and combined later
¦ I mpsssioned plea for the Belgians; war?»»	---*- ^th fruits that will jell, or fruits
"but to-night I’m more proud of him	know what you’re thinking.	Perfect Politeness	ripening at different seasons can be
üifm lippi mmm ^
friends, just as much as if it were be- « never one to your house since quarrels and harsh	words are	much	It is really surprising how much
ing fought in our own land. I ray	, been grown that you haven’t more frequent in the families	than in	fruit is allowed to go to waste in the
* $sp pcs b»
«aBsatesteas
We
reasons
clay
Each doffed his state and his golden
/
ers
was
of nature had smiled
sweet
To the longing eyes and the faring
feet
Three kings there be on the trail to-
ed instead to put the product into the oven or in a commercial drier and get the heat
Experience has taught
day,
CLAIM SUN MAY EXPLODE
to going
that the heat should be kept a» low as possible and the material should be %ientl#ta Consider Such a Thing
If the heat is'
'
But Not Yet!
Poselbl
i



dom
French engineers have estimated
elec-
of peace could not fight. Mr. Mann
58 StiSt S 8? £S«5tt	• k »-	;•»— ¦»	»
that netted get a dinged sight nearer if you don t Echoeg Amen to th€ hate of hell
that Italy could secure 6,QOO, trical horse power from the water powers $f her rivers if they were all harnessed.
Ççvnuch
with the pressure
plode.
There will then be no longer any but in its place an Inconceivably enormous mass of super-heated Incandescent gas, a white-hot fog thgt will reach to the extreme limits of
sun
acts
wU
br-4.
it

Dc6> rretd afl chsr§*

time
>our
low W
S2.JS
sus
T.wmofrrco.
» HAMILTON A
ttre
!
pianos
Mesa
'PH! example of the late 1 Queen Victoria looting the Williams New •dale Plano has been followed by many of the world's most renowned musicians. This fact has caused It to be known a# the Chelce of the Great artiste.
In #e-
<

Louie XV Model, $110.00
t"E WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA ONT.
Canada's Oldest bad Largest Plano Makers
X
Inatôm's

4*
y^ouvlrainc
to serve as

0;
Face Powder.
an l
The daintiness of a complexion always free from oiliness and shininess is the desire of every woman. Best ofall powders is Ingram's Velveola Souveraine Face Powder. It keeps the skin smooth and attractive. Hides minor blemishes, the little wrinkles, and blends to marvelously with the complexion that it is scarcely visible. It adheres even tho the akin be warm and moist, and it has # refined and gentle fragrance, 50c.
For the sake of youthful charm, usa Ingram's Milkweed Cream. Its daily use enables you to retain the charm and color of girlhood. It Is curative and healthfalfor the ekin tissues. Two sixes, 10c and$1.00. Your druggist has a complete line of Ingram's toilet products including Zodenta for the teeth, 25c
*5-
A Picture
with Each Purchase ^
Each time you buy a package of Ingram’s Toilet aids or Perfume your druggist will give you, without charge, a large portrait of a world-famed motion picture actreea. Bach time you get a different collection your druggist.
portrait so vou n i for your home
Ask
(96)

*
\
ism j mill»
niiimiimiiiiimiiniimiH
¦ 11 foi	i 'am* aÉ —¦ —¦«—




ij



wn
i
«
An,
i’;Rf.AD MIXLP
mu
%
.«iiriiii «ntti*f
###PAGE###7###
DEMOBILIZATION AFTER THE WAR*
¦T '., ' ;

* 4 M'W
! %'
eaySSiW?-!
•y.

r A

v


y
T


GREAT BRITAIN ALREADY 18
PREPARING.
I
Vi
«mk\

*
1
f


v
I
4


X

T
•A;
Comprehensive Scheme Adopted For Return of Soldiers With Piy and Insurance Good For One Year.

k*>.

»
How Robert Fooled Himself. beaten. He took off his hat and be-
mm nuts
. .	flr ™ ‘*11	wh“t!~ Y»" remark,,I Ruth. "If you’d been will-
rn , L .u thT™ r0W*'	8n:	ing to .hare the long rows at the other
III take the next three. We’ll	pull	end , might have shared the hard
by threes nil the way. There aren’t ones at this end with you."
nearly as many weeds in the first juat then the children’s father came
three rows," he added magnanimously.1 through the field, sizing up the rows.
The children had undertaken to “Who did the three long rows at
weed Out the onion bed, and they the farther end?” he asked quizzical-l $¦*>&*¦;*¦,***
jWmTlalyTl tan	„«	three. .^r’eVou’z ' Dr,' w'aTemon’it	Utrmin	Naval	Gun Captured	!U lùmadie	in	Mesopotamia and repaired by British artificers for use
three at once," Robert boasted.	this end, didn't you, son?" Robert I against the	Turk».—British	offic.al	photograph.	Crown
“But it doesn't get the roots out looked ashamed.


4 *

it
S


Although the end of the war may be far distant, projects for demobilizing the British army when the proper ! time arrives ! says a London despatch, tary authorities, acting in conjunction ! with the Ministry of Labor, are perfecting the scheme by which the soldiers will be returned to civil life with the utmost celerity, and at a camp not far from London there has already been a rehearsal of the methods to be adopted for dispersing the men.
_____________________________________ “Big as was the job to get men into
“See here! Ï have -----------------------------------*	-	the army." said an officer engaged in
clean," replied Ruth conscientiously. , an idea." Father Reynolds put his	LOOPING THE LOOP.	You «ee, I had figured the thing all one hundred miles an hour. After 1 tbe *ork, "it will be a bigger job to
“Yes, but what’s the difference?"	hands in his pockets thoughtfully.	____ out and knew how to do it. I was	had looped f flew on to the spiral	g^ them out of it. But the country
Robert questioned. “It all looks the	“This onion patch will have to be gone Thrilling Description of Feat Accomp-	making myself prove to myself I was	field at the end of the course, a 1 though	may b* sure that everything will be
“My rows look as well as	over at least twice more. Now I sug-j lished Making a World's Record.	no four-flusher. A gust threw one of	we are not supposed to spiral un Ml	done to enable the soldiers to reach
yours."	gest that you each keep on as you jqanv H man who has sat down to	my wings up. I looked down and	we have had ten hours of flying. I	their homes and get employment with
"It may look just as we1!, but it	have begun—Ruth take the first three; degcru,6 a supreme emotion or ex-	realized how far it was to the ground, j	put her Into a reversed control spiral.	, the minimum of friction."
Isn’t," Ruth persisted, firmly. "Fd roii^and so on, through the field. At berlence has given up in despair be- how delicately balanced 1 appeared to that 1«7 banked over nearly vertical. The scheme is far reaching be ashamed to cheat father."	the end of the season, when the onions CHUge of the geemjng feebleness and	he, although perfectly safe; and then	when your flippers become a rudder,	| authorities have bad to consider not
"But it isn’t cheating. He nevgr	are pulled, I’ll give a prize of five dol- inadequacy of words. To him they ap-	1 gritted my teeth and shoved down	and rudder flippers. 1 shot down in	only the gjtuatj0n at home but also
aald we were to get out every last lars to the one of you who can get the r to fal| ghort of the mark. To the on the flippers.	a corking spiral, and came out of it bow tbe project will fit in with the
one cf *he roots, and dnyhow. VI! get most onions out of	any single	row	you	reader however, those same despised	Such a rush of speed 1 have never	Just at the right time t . «hoot	>ae	convenjence 0f France, Italy and	the
ten cents apiece for my rows, just the have weeded.”	words often seem Inspired. Vividness	experienced.	I shot down like a dead	In front of the station, land, and	rus i	overseag dominions, and with
name is you do," taunted Rohart.	"But how about those extra long and ^rlll are in their very letters, j weight N pulled on by the motor. I to the beach. ^	port facilities from Salonica, Meso-
Anxious to prove h*s dexterity, be rows father? That wouldn’t be ex- ^0 young American aviator who watched the tachometer, which regia-	~	^	“	, 1 potamia, Palestine and from other
•oon passed his S ; ter, and w.vt work- actly fair.”	,	wrote the following account of him tors the revolutions of the motor, Poultry Diseases Responsible for Big partg 0f the world. How long it will
ing at the ether m ! of the field when! "Well, if Ruth did the extra work it flrgt experlence jn looping the loop climb to 1680-1700. Then I shoved her	National Loes.	take to demobilize the millions of
Ruth had progresses sufficiency to seems as If she ought to have	the	ad-	doubtless found words Inadequate to	still farther	down and reached 1950.	I At least fifty per cent, of the chick-	troops is a question to which even
see why Robert had been so nnx.oui vantage of it."	He looked	at	1?**	express hts full sensation, yet they	I was going	about ninety miles an	ens, young ducks and turkeys,	and	those occupied in the task are	not
for her to Like the first three rows, children shrewdly.	| cannot fall to thrill the reader whose hour. Then I pulled back on the flip- ten per cent. ' of the adult birds, die prepared to give a definite reply.
They were considerably longer than ¦ "No, it wouldn’t lie fair,” Ruth de- imagination, like the aeroplane, is pers, and here was the nose of the etch year from diseases, many of
any others In the field.	1 tided liberally. “We’ll just cut off the ready to take might	! machine coming up to meet me—up, which are preventable. This is an Eirhteen disoersal depots are to be
But there was one thing he had rot ends of the long rows when it comes In knew of courgP| that I should up, upï I was hunched way forward ; annual national loss of probably mil- '	. . in Fmrtand Scotland and
•ten—he had not gone over the entire to harvesting."	loop before my flying career ended, In the seat up against the cowl. We |lions 0f dollars that should be avoided	' . ’ been worked
field, and did not know that the last “All right," father agreed, proud ke gayg> but the teat would be so much poised, absolutely without movement, to a )arge extent.	^	d Before the men in
three roy, which, counting by threes, that his little daughter was so Just. harder In the early stages that I want- there. I was virtually upside down, j V;ar conditions make it imperative	' ordered home thev will be
would naturally fall to him, had not When it came to a second weeding ed to gee lf , çould make lt Lampke, What a frightful, delightful aensn- that farmers and poultrymen as far as	, , . . th d f the districts
been worked with the rest of the field, Robert saw where Ruth's thorough, a clever flyer, who flew for Carranza tlon! Then the nose swung over and possible should stop this enormous	.	,	that alî may
and, being nearest the fence row, were work had given her the advantage of ln Mexico, tells me that I have made slipped a little to one side; my mo- leak To do this every breeder should	•	J'	t t th dig„
unusually full of grass and weeds, and him. The weeds that had not been a world's record for looping with the tor stopped for a second, then, as the j strict attention to the general %	,	r, y t t)lp locality
that the ground was hard and full of thoroughly pulled but only broken off leagt number of hours' practice. Pre- nose swung down straight toward conditions of his flock. When any- j?	, ioined the
T0^8-	•	! at the surface, lost no time in spring- vlous to the fllghMn which I looped I earth, picked up again with a roar, thing unuguai is noted in a fowl, it ’ ,	fak J ith him hig en*
He was of a sociable nature, and ing up again, and in a few days were had had three hours and fifteen min- and we were plunging straight down 1 ^ advigable to place the affeeted in- “ ...	andDe-
eo<m tired of working ahead df Ruth, almost as riotous as ever. Their utes of solo flying.	at terrific speed. I gradually pulled dividuai ft separate quarters. If	’ innuint	helmet and box
and fell behind, so they could talk. | strong roots doubled themselves in Ag a matter of fact, the loop Is a the flippera up, which I had eased for- within a ghort time recovery does not ' lir . V Previouslv he wMl have "You see how easy it would to beat vigor, and when it came to a second vory ,imple stunt, but the first time ward as we passed over the top of uke , it ig unwise to destroy the ™ you If I wanted to,” he boasted grand- pulling Robert found it almost impos- lB hard—mighty hard. I was flying the loop, and gradually	we	came	into	fowl ^hout first ascertaining the ^ 1	feph:no, thp‘ .tarions
ly. "It would make my arms ache sible to get them out of the, ground;, aione at thirty five hundred feet altl- horizontal flight.	cause of the disorder. The prevalence , r]A .	.	th eauio-
The motor was turning over , say we "	of dlgea8e is more often^he cause of	gSXL mugt *	L
were a	iwj	oMIint, | fBllure than the lack of P™- i except	the unl/orm which the eddish
tical knowledge and the extreme j $g wearing and hU great coat, al-importance of keeping the quarters though	the C0At must be returned
clean; isolation of all ailing fowls and aftef the month»g furlough to which immediate action in regard to finding ,each man wiU be entitled. He will out the cause cannot be too strongly impressed upon the poultryman.



ed face.
are well under way*'
The
/
P
!




%


</.:SA



*
v—w *%.?

*


/-V

•amp.
The
trans-

Out of Work Insurance Policy
Imagination, like the ready to take flight.
in	up*
loop before my flying career ended, In the seat up against the cowl. We uong 0f dollars that should be avoided “All right,” father agreed, proud he gayg but the tegt woul(l he g0 much poised, absolutely without movement, ! to a iarge extent.	^
harder In the early stages that I want- there. I was virtually upside down. I
/
«
army.
«
to work As slowly as you do.”
! besides, they had starved and crowd-“Well, they don’t need to ache on ed the onions till he saw with alarm my account," Ruth retorted hotly. that they were only half the size of “What's the matter, sis?” he ques- those in Ruth’s rows. In trying to tloned boldly, flicking her hand with get out the weeds he loosened many a thorny weed. "Mad?”
"No, I'm not mad, Ro I'm disgusted,” she sai not lifting her head. "Before I’d die.
•toop to anything so small—"	| "It isn’t the way things look on the
"Small? How’d you s’pose I knew top so much as the way they feel these three rows were longer, than. down under that counts,” Father thereat?”	| Reynolds explained as he gave Ruth
“Why, you saw them, of course,",her merited five dollars. “Good, con-Ruth remarked dryly; then she refus- scientious work will always tell, even ed to talk. '	| if it doesn't show from the surface.
“’Fore I'd be mad about a little It Isn't the fact of things looking| thing like three rows of onions,"	right, but of their being right, that
Robert taunted, when the silence be- ; gives us air easy conscience came unbearable. “See here! I'll	makes us know that things are going
bet you haven’t got an onion in your to work out right in the end.
matter how much we think we’ve fool-“Maybe not," Ruth retorted, “but I. ed folks, it always turns out that soon will have if you don’t do a better we’ve fooled ourselves the worst.” job weeding."	And Robert hung his head, for he money; come
When they neared the end of the	couldn’t help admitting that it had	con,e*	buy	wine
field Robert stood up and looked	certainly worked that way in his case,	money and	;v|,hout prive.
•	'	t	- 1.
fourteen hundred and fifty revolutions the machlne|HpH^H a minute, and the plane was traveling understanding bird, obeying my least at about sixty miles an hour. I looked impulse. Oh, but I am master of that
and could see the ! airplane! I can do anything, absolutely anything, with It. I know you think I am foolhardy and overconfident, but I know what I can do and what I can-
down at the bay. city of Pensacola to my left and In front of me; way down on the water a boat was churning across the bay. I was nearly at the northeast comer of the course, ready to turn south. It was the first time I had been over

. *	| of the small onions, too, and was
>bert Reynolds! obliged to set them back, though he d with dignity,1 felt sure they would only wither and
s
be permitted to retain his uniform.
The soldier will pass through sev-Whe-n trouble occurs, forward to the eral huts fofor9 he is sent on fur-
Biological Laboratory, Central Ex-. ]ougb \n one he will receive a pro-peri mental Farm, Ottawa, Ont, a live Action certificate, containing all parti-but sick fowl, or, in the absence of cujara regarding his regiment, length such, a ded bird. In the interval dis- ^ service *nd destination. In another infect the quarters, runs, drinking wjH receive an advance on the pay fountains and feed dishes to check the gtill due hün, and post office money spread of anv infectious disease. • or(jer3 ifi three equai instalments for Disinfect the poultry houses by the remainder, spraying the interior with a lime-wash solution (60 lbs. stone lime slaked in a barrel of water, plus one gal-
not.
The second time I looped It came easier, but going over the hump was still pretty hard, hundred feet then, and It was a fine-feeling loop and, according to those who saw It, very good-looking. I got up two thousand revolutions, or about
I was forty-two
thirty-two hundred feety-hlgh enough for a safe loop.
“Now Is the time," I said to myself. If you don’t nose her over now, you are a coward and no flyer.”
*
THE WEEKLY SERMON
On application ,the soldier will obtain with an “out oTwork" insurance
This will enable
and
. ,	,. , « . .policy, for a year.
-	Ion of a good commercial disinfect- bjm to recejve a fixed sum for a de-
Ho,	every	one	that thirsteth, come; surely appear! Nay, how He de-	ant). Fill cracks and	crevices to de-	flnite period from a po3t	office, if un-
y4 to	the	waters,	and he that hath no dares the final story of a redeemed	gtroy mites,	lice, etc.	If a	smaller	^ployed.
ye,	-buy and eat; yea, world when all His people should “go	amount is	required	it	may be	Finally the men will be grouped m
and milk without, out with joy and be led forth with	prepared by	adding two and	a half	d|fferent huts, according	to the local-
Isaiah,55, peace!” Centuries have passed and pounds of lime to a pail of water, plus ity whicb they are
yet the fulfillment has not come; but half a teacupful of disinfectant.
No
row as big as that.”
to be sent.
Railroad tickets already will have
There are some wonderful chap- God's word can never pass away and, Keep a crop growing in some part bMn made out Then will come enters in Isaiah’s prophecy which have promises are “yea and Amen, of the yards and alternate poultr> ^.ajnment, and the start for home. Were you ever in a country where the been a comfort to Christians in all ™ar,s arhi sorrows, life and death, crops. If the runs are small cover
"SrH	....-
ns	R'ir*"ehkt* “ -H - »• — -
"S5H b sr E5HEB”EE %%%% s £3rrI^EHE ;
ss mm
EEHHHEÇ:	B5EH3ES	S3FEHSE11
ECEiBBHS 'SEZ-aZ ESHfBEHE EÊH5ISIIe ; F§SS'Hi
tapestries and admirable pkturw:	slain..	large cities to-day. where the	water	Une”' th® misunderstandings when st. Michael and St George is confer-	soul
The furniture was of exceptional ele-	And the law was—kill, or perish—	nnt very good, we can see wagons	w® *<now t*1*1 God loves us and will red, exclusive of honorary members,
gance and impressive mirrors and on the Somme T _	with advertisements that such and take care of us, and permiU us to natural-born subjecU of Great BriUin	¦
charming statuettes were numerous.	And your vermin-eaten body was half-	sucb a gprjng has the purest	water	work WIth	Ihl* gracious invita- who may ho.d, or have held, nigh and |	The young housewife,	looking	very
“To-day there is nothing that has	frozen, starved, in pain—	jn the world.	^on comes *° -vou» ^ear friend. Read confidential office within the British pretty and workmanlike	in a big	green
not been destroyed. The tapes trie® Then you'll know the meaning of i »wn._j -* ___ %._it aloud and change the personal pro- territorial possessions, and is the re- overall, was cleaning out the pantry
"	1 dEHEErax	z&jszz'A?,z-%&.,,
ther and other chair covering! If you've only lived in Canadafwhere ... t q H » r . n k * the onc' come to lhe watcr8’ though thou • Knights Grand (.rose are limited to husband, who was smoking in the been ripped and all the delicate clear skies (frown the land	‘m Kv ^mnm'k'upll «..v:nt-	* h**t no money, yet come thou, buy and. joot exclusive of honorary members, spick-and-span little drawing room,
marquetry and the irreplacahle ex* And the food you get in plenty ,	, f. \	h ' : , wbi i . ®at ^'thout money and without price. The order was instituted in 1818. "I want you to bring me a mousetrap
***.¦¦ 1 i=
IpVt. flung at the silken	papers	on 1 Kneel	to-night and thank your Maker	Tru,Un* ,nd ****** . . JUMiched my .trength is revived, and j	mteNif 7.000 barrels a day. Mr. J R
SCwalls. This vengeful	fury	has	for His gifts and peaceful dream	But above all else, this gracious in- I live in Thee. Keep me In Thy paths.	Short, manager of the Quaker Oats
""	vitation tells us of God s love. How Make me brave in trouble. Open mine	Company, Chicago, and Mr. George
He longs for-our salvation from sin eyes that I may see all the blessings	McDonald, of the company 's branch at
How He Thou hast provided for me. ^.nd at	Peterboro. have been visiting the
essiah last bring me to Thy holy hill and to Canada Food Board offices to make
For Christ’s sake, final arrangements for the operation
is. J of the mill.
I’m Glad I’m Home
MORE HUN VANDALISM.
The Tongue
some
»
Used That One

C
ve

At the age of 30, Beethoven became afflicted with deafness from which he never recovered.
been carried even to the extent of •mashing nurseries and doll houses. The fashion in which beds anjf rooms have have beer, defiled is difficult of
It would seem the work
And the plucky lads now fighting
\_for your home.	J	, ... ,
—Sergt. E. T. Calloway and our happiness in life!
thus, 700 years ore thp Me
Hypocrites confess the sins of oth- came, df> k d that “a V and Thy dwelling era, and overlook their own.	commander for His poop e would Amen.
Hymns are essentially the people's, portidh* of the musical service and) every effort should be made by the# organist to encourage them to sing.
description. »f lunatics,"

Rev. F. W. Tompki




###PAGE###8###

SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
Tie Seville Bool aid Shoe Store
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the scarcity of labor.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Momi-,—. __	.	-,	,	,	-	_
1)UbiicjThe Empire Mechanical Milker
Iff
Cheapness in Shoes
li
monts ever placed before the
Prices are such that it will be to intending I Is one of the greatvet labor-navere, and is now being uted extensively
e « e -j Hrifi successfully in mo^t diiiry socIumih of tlie country§ find is filso
purchasers interest to consult me before placing their order j commended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government
elsewhere. Nothing too large-nothing too small.	I
of this district.
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
I The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL -
To The Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal
I like the Milking Machine fine ami would not be without it at any price. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking.
I van milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for rejwurH.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Bay, R. It. No. 1.
For further information apply tv the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
A ml on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
*
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
flew Barber Sfjop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
()
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
0. Y. It, LO DUE. No. .‘104, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at s p. m,
Irvin Hamilton, Hcc.-Sevy
K. S. II. \Vt»R KM A N
W. M.
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville,
l„ O. !.. No. 27, metis 1st Tuesdey of each Customer?» may rely on getting
1,10111,1	prompt and satisfactory service
lliiitn lloiMiixs,	f R*o. Hoihuns, J at reasonable rates.
XX . M	Secy.
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N Hodoins,
XV. Cmop. in Com
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
In buying we look for seryiee, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us to the lack of them.
Rko. Honours Com. Scribe.
NOTICE
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
The undersigned wishes to announce the opening of a Jewelry Store in the premises lately vacated by R. XV. Hedging.
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will be thoroughly guaranteed and receive his per sonnl attention.
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., lor this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
P. E. SMILEY*
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Austin
Elmside
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday, Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
- First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman
Shawville - First Thursday,
at each month.
BERT WAINMAN
Local and District.
\ our family, friends and lutsim sociales want your )*>rtrait. range «! folders to choose from
II Im*ox, Artist in Portraiture
i "
ss as A nice
Formerly of Hank St., Ottawa, Out
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
By-elections in Manitoulin ami Lennox, Ont., tu till vacancies in the Legislature of that province	___
are fixed for : Nomination# Aug. I	—---—
polling eight weeks later, hundred yards. As the fire progressed among the frieght cars several other minor explosions
H S'.-woSS’ I, ss
bushels of barley from 14 acres of ua neve tnjuied.	Hocks. Apply to
ground. Value #1,156.	i	—*-?------ *tAS. ARMSTRONG,
Shawville
First Friday,
!
NOTICE HE. CARTAGE
21!
In consequence of the increased price of horse feed, and value of labor, the undersigned have found it necessary to raise their cartage rates to the following scale :
Ordinary freight to or from the railway station, up to 5U0 lbs. 15 cents. Every additional 100 lbs. 3 cents.
Boxes, barrels or empties of any kind 25 cents a trip to station.
These rates to come Into effect on
August 1st. -
Oct. 24.
A farmer named Hulet, of Ox
Fowls for Sale
)
m
Call and have a talk with
us.
FALL FAIRS
Detectives working on the case	...
of Major W. J. Sharp, of Ottawa, | ^hawville . intimate that the major was not Ai nprior .. drowned and that they are track- Jjancrott ing him Enough information was ijeachburg secured in Kingston t<> convince yobclen ..?
im	• • •,
Pakenlnm.
Perth ....
Renfrew . Carp......
Sept. Hi, 17, IS Sept 17, IS, 19 Sept . Sept .Sept . Sept Sept
Sept. ^ 19,26 unfinished stock just tin Oct. *	24,’ 25
LEWIS CUTHBERTSON STANLEY LANGFORD
Must things can he anybody e gift— your jiortruit is distinctively, exclusively Make an appointment to-day.
H. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture.
R J. HAMILTON
29. 27 2d, 25 20, 27 J2, id 2d. 21
vours
FOR SALE
Office and Warerooms
them that his clothing was placed on the shore near Kingston Junction by someone other than himself.
Ottawa, August 11 died and twenty tin thirtv-t'x 1 the citie> of ( Hta cording to figure forty-fifth atmu < >ttnxx a city dim lat ion of the citi
Strip of land running fiom govern ment road to tin* river, purl of the front of Lot 11, Range 1. Bristol. Splendid pasture lands, well wooded and timbered, unfailing water.
f ift y or one hundred acres as purchaser
J. A. MACFARLAXE.
Bristol, guv.
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
range.
There is always a market fut prime quality poultry, while the i may desitc poor Quality has to be sold at what-,ever price can he obtained, de-,.j;‘ pending on the market and the i mou ni of effort put forth on the
.—Oih* him*
du sand and w reside in id Hull, ac-i-lied in the nine of the The popn-- decreased
tory »
No Food to Waste
The fact that the restrictions the use of bacon and other in product^ have been removed foi .	. ..
1 •	1 me in that |,:Vj Y '	,	..
!>n -1- generally make t he great
est gain when about three to
months of age,
birds make tin
iring the first two
tl feeding.
kens can he readily taught to iced by lamplight : this U a great convenience.as it that the thin i" nearly as ;
? Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Ettamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing
Satisfactorily done
l
British Rural Life Changes.
With women taking the place of men four workers, conditions In many parts of mil the average the country arc undergoing a remark-
ideal able change. This is most noticeable weeks parts where woman land workers are making their homes.
The Woman's Institute Is largely responsible for the movement, which Is gradually revolutionizing village life, making It more attractive and stimulating a sense of citizenship. In con-(l(. sVKh,m ; [ feeding i« junction with the food production dec onôinical and cfli partaient, a parliamentary meeting Is
.. i. called which elects nucratlc com-
to ca
i
1
I
I
econo
s<l|V.
me-- arc n
The facts are til at nt an ounce of food too ho world and that every nan and child is under
; y ol
can of tli
h\

I ; it
Sll
till t (
then
muel
m
was publis|
i
i
\Vh

unit* in man, hie an- the
ODt !lltl V\ lift fc
\x indshivlcl. foods applied to tempi
i ¦ i
>ked ?
i
t
and ripe Fitting
Give us a cal


my weather (
sil l II -
ever lu


i by
s)
liov.111
I

-t
X
ii tin
¦
t with a j •oft cloth, effect Î vc. .*
knx
î
»"i nceciiKi oversea, ry relaxation of the i s, Mich ah in the case
i U \b!e f feeding he sp iced isible twelve hours
I
Hides and Pelts b .light at highest prives


HUM n anv food i

oi
ga


Unit extra va again endur

i

> s
Tli
d water gai •inv add abl
rit \
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
GK W. DALE
fUUnv
much mot
ot

orm
I \\
I» i
\
It
rnlttce representing farmers' wives, i d i cottagers and landed women, who thereafter manage affairs, arranging
illy n
progress tie mg made by ca-
runl the feeding period of	|	I
L* J ¦ -HSi i' i. thrifty can often he shortened or for monthly social gatherings where . lorn re.t . .x ug. l'> I:k 1 l‘ulri, lengthened as desiicd. AI>o the useful lectures are given, exhibitions
V ' î ,	' ['[ J . i ; i.v ' lh ~li <>f the crate-fed birds is in- of housecraft or gardening skill held,
( i»Vi ¦ • < I h	voto * of'	lh"n tlml	; «o.1 ol.l tensured recipe, and house-
r«o report, wore hamjed in an.l ,|lp Ex|)l.nt.il Pan».* entitled I tin y both agreed to the extent of	./. j, , |.llllltry i»,,,du-e for
free and compulsory education
..	. ,	.	. ami the establishment of a Minis-
tanm r liained Lapiu te living at tVy uf Education in the province
A-t«»i yiiu-. was brought before the „f Quebec. Tin- majority ruix.it magPtnite and hned $l(Kf tor bar- however, advocated no change in boring a desei ter irum an hastern tjlt. nianngcincnt of the schools, company. In tin» course ol tin* The minority report as carried ti ih lit wax fourni tlmt previous to wilj i)e .,,,,«-,1 before the forth-Laporte taking linn in, another eoming Labor Congress, farmer in the same locality had slielteied him for some time. The police have gone out today to arrest this man. The deserter was said to be a relative of Laporte.
a b
t ni
Labor Men Vote for National
Schools.
I Hiving 111- mspi Military C amp at 1
ai in un
jkliffc, Hi-
i Iiglim vs	• Amhur
Connaught, (who h touring Cana
cut) took occasion to present Mr. Andrew Holland with tin Military l'r< ** won by his -u late Lapt. Ernest Holland, who was killed in action on March21th, while in command of B. Battery (	in M. M. Guns
recommended for the M. C. during the latter part of 1917.
ort

ARCHIE DOVER
i

til
CLOTHIER
SHAWVILLE
QUE.
H.
was
Surgical Dressing Work.
Some skeptical people, who usually
Dear Mr. Buyer,»*
At this season of the year a change of Clothing becomes a necessity. Heavy winter clothing now becomes burdensome, and it will give you a sense of pride and comfort tp wear a
HOBBERLIN SUIT tailored
in the season’s latest style from woolens that are fully representative of Hobberlin quality and dependability.
Prices are continually going upward and we would strongly urge that you secure your suit now while we are able to> offer you woolens of excellent quality at moderate prices.
Mai
North Bay. Out., Aug. 11
aren't doing anything themselves, think that the production of surgical dressings by patriotic women Is being overdone. If they could see conditions In some of the French villages, where
LOWER LITCHFIELD
issue.)
,i tli" ; ir ners in this vicinity not a single able-bodied mon remains,
they	not feel so.
In these colossal battles, where hundreds of thousands of men are engaged, all previous wars and needs are outclassed. A great many men are wounded In these battles prompt care and abundant material handy, the vast majority of the wounded are saved.
Vast storehouses should be filled In France at all times for this need. A Red Cross doctor who recently returned from France reports a case of a soldier so badly wounded that It took a whole case,of dressings to save him. Under the strain of such demands, a great mountain of sunoUes will quickly melt away.
i
home
hav< starttd to nr tl
Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Brooks, of Starks Corner*, visited friends here recently.
Mr. and Mr*. Allan Morris, of Ottawa were guests of Mr. and Mr . < 'hit Stewart.
Mrs. W

<
The Fattening of Chickens
The profits obtained from marketing lean, poorly fleshed, unfinished chickens are ho small as to bv frequently discouraging.
Many of the packing houses and larger produce dealers find it necessary to go to considerable ex-t>eiise to provide the necessary premises and equipment to pro|>er-ly finish such poultry. The best place to feed |K>ultvy is on the farm, and, if it pays the packing houses to take the trouble, it obviously would be good business to do the work oil the farm.
Proper feeding and finishing will not only greatly increase the weight of the birds, but will also nance the value of every ounce of flesh on the carcass, and greatly reduce the proportion of offal in relation to the amount of edible meat.
There is* generally a difference of from three to seven cents i>er pound in the price paid for well-fleshed birds as compared with
With
Lothian and daughter of Ottawa, are at present visiting Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Stewart.
Misses Lylia and Ethel Wall of More-head, were week-end guests of their aunt, Mrs. Kobt. Dale.
Miss Jessie Durrell, of North Bay, is spending her holidays among her friends here.
A resident of Harlem, named William George Prumley, went to Ottawa one day last week to spend a holiday, and shortly after his arrival there was nabbed by the Dominion police because he failed to carry his military papers. He confessed that he had taken no steps to obey the Military Service Act, and had not registered under the Canada Registration Act. He spent the night at the police station and was put in uniform the following day.

x


Mrs. Tom Farrell, of Ottawa, and Mrs. J. Fenisee, of Renfrew, were guests of Miss Margaret McLean last week.
Mrs. John Forde, of Portage du Fort, was visiting friends here last week.
Mr. aii'l Mrs. J. Connelly, of Murrells and Miss Amy McCagg, of Ottawa, vlsionally called “X" has broken out and Mrs. Allen of Montreal, were the In the west and northwest of New guests of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Dale South Wales and has already caused a
The symptoms
We have a fine range of samples that you should see. Pay us a visit at your earliest convenience and look these samples over.
New Disease.
A disease new to science an<J pro-
A serious fire occurred in the Grand Trunk yard, east of the Central Station, Ottawa, on Thursday evening, when the freight shed and 28 loaded freight cars were destroyed
$100,000. The fire is said to have started from the explosion of a big gasoline tank which was hurled through the air a distance of one
enc
Yours faithfully,
last Sunday evening.
Some of the ladies attended the knit ting bee at Mr* Stewart’s last we Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dale and family logically from that disease and In some visited Mr. and Mrs. Peter McLean last respects Is somewhat akin to pneumo-
Jl .no
number of deaths, somewhat resemble those of cerebro-
ARCHIE DOVER
Estimated loss
spinal meningitis, *ut It differs pathp*
Sunday
#&"
ola.

