###PAGE###1###


O
No. 50, 30th Year.
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
JUNE 6, 1918
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
The Road to Independence
Capital paid up • $4,000,000 Rest
OF
Trouble comes to all of us at one time or another.
The man with a snug bank account, is fortified against the 'slings and arrows of outrageous fortune".
It is the duty of every man to lay aside something for the inevitable rainy day.
Open a Savings Account today-and take your first step along the road to Independence.
-	4,750,000
PARIS GREEN
OTTAWA!
04 Branche» In Canada.
Items accepted for
Berger’s Pure English Green, put up
in one pound tins—the best there is. Why waste time, and risk loss of crop by using inferior green or substitutes ? Buy Berger’s, we guarantee every ounce.
COLLECTION
1
on any point in Canada, United States, or elsewhere.
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
Head Office : Montreal. OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
OVYON BRANCH,
Fort Coülonoe Branch Campbells Bay Branch Shawvillk Branch,
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr E. Lbger Manager.
Portage du Fort pun Office, Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corner» Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday.
Adjustable Window Screens, Screen Doors, Spring Hinges, Catches and Pulleys, Green and Black Wire Cloth.
Ice Cream Freezers, The Frost King, guaranteed the best make, 2 to 6 quart capacity.
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager • A. A. REID, Manager.
. o .
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
CF* Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
O. V. R members are reminded of the reg. meeting on Wednesday, 12th inst., at 8.15 p. m.
The monthly meeting of Shaw-ville H. M Club will be held Thursday evening of this week at the home of Mrs. I). A. Baker, at 7.80 o'clock.
H. 1*1*0#,
Artist in Portraiture
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
” SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
Paints and Varnishes for all purposes.
For Stenographers. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring I he country for competent stenographers. On Feb. IS every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the de mantis are now doubled.
PERSONAL MENTION
Miss Pearl Eades, Ottawa, was a week-end visitor at her home in
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction le Individual, and the
at 2 o clock p. in. Program Dover for a few days last Week, More than J00 student* from other local Red Cross work. Roll Can—Con- returning Friday.	colleges have in the past joined our class
"nd"'	I , Mr. W. D. Campbell ami Mr*. !,
basket picnic at that picturesque ?Pent' ***• week end and Monday spot.	the guest of Miss Maude McDowell,
n town.
the Methodist Church, after the ...	. n .	.	lt. Tmiuov
rcKular wrvice on Sunday eveti- „^d ^7^™Ani« in IWlW
Mrs. J no. Beamish accompanied	iftno Tuner Coming.	Machinists are trained by practical
ny hJr «laughter Miss Mnrit-I Mrs. Geo. W. Pingle, the we.l know,,	bj doctors, dentes
?MfV Mr ftnur ?,alll' \ l$V !’ a?ton	I t'iano and Organ tuner,	will lie in	town !	Vff secret of success of	the	Graduate»
nd Mr. Fills, motorcd here from	soon, for town and	country	work. I	™"lLs College Is that they art» the only
Renfrew on Sunday.	Leave your order now at Equity office,	.expe,2enced offlce
Mis* Hied, of tile Bank of Ottawa Pontiac House or write direct to 45 For Stenographer. Secretary or Ac ,	. «tafT, who spent the week-end at Louisa St., Ottawa.	couutant, we have the best courses avail
be r taon, who went west a tew | her home in Westmeath, motored High-grade Pianos and Phonograph# | abT,e anywhere
2SSX&ft!ÎS2LÜSI""“k“”>-.............................................. ÆSÏS-«L#
the section in which lie is located ^	« n 0	..	.	* etewawa Military lamp is in full.
on May 20th.	. 1 al)t* *• l/* Nmyth, who expected swing again, many troops having Willis College
_ _	to go overseas last month ipet arrived, and the number is in-J Sparks Street entrance between
J. J. Turners building was eue- with disappointment, in that re-creating daily. Artillery training | Ketchums & Sims cessfully	removed	last	week	from	spect, having been “kneed’* out of	will be the main program carried
the corner	which	it	occupied	for	the opportunity by the medical	on at this camp,	during	the
wo many years, to a position some board. He has, there foie, dis-1 summer months 40 odd feet west of the old stand, carded the khaki and intends
thus leaving the site clear for the veiling to civilian pursuits. I H ¦¦ I
erection of the proposed Merchants	_ __________ Most thing» can be any laxly » gift -
Bank building, which is to be	your portrait is distinctively, exclusively
built this summer.	The funeral of the late Mrs. yours. Make an api>ointmcnt to-day.
ArtJIn^Zture
appearance of the fields through- bnd been in poor health for a con-
¦ïiït i	.....
tion has made a good solid si>el! of
needful just
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
W B.Gowlino, H.G. W, Braithwait President.
D. E. HENRY, Premidbnt. Cor. Bank and Spark* St*
Principal
.SHAWVILLB
EXPERIENCE
Your family, friend» and business asA nice
VS
Floor Paints
$3.40 per gallon.
EXPERIMENT.
ing
A Reminder. —We would remind all those in charge of or doing Red Cross work, to have all finished work into the secretary by the 10th of each month to be enclosed in the monthly shipment Hodgins, Asst. Secretary.
Amy
Berg-ers
A letter from Mr. Herbert Cuth
Paris Green
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa, Ont
1 lb. Tins 85c.
A position for every Wills Graduates
7 Strand, 40 in high
INVINCIBLE FENCING
50c. per Rod.
re
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
. NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Marriages
iSSfi1Las»»
mer McAllister, formerly promin- Tripp officiating.
Don Reid, an employee of the eut in the lumbering btisiness, and The bride, who entered the FARM FOR SALE—East half of lot 28, Pink Co's garage at Pembroke is a well-known citizen of Ottawa, church with her father to the 3rd range. Clarendon. For further par dead a* the result of an accident	held on Sunday afternoon,	"trains of music played by Mrs.	tlculars^pply t<> Mrs.	M. Gaonon,	Port-
which occurred on Thursday last.	26th, fr»ra the residence of his son-	A. 8. McDowell, of Lemberg, Sask..	aKe du hort- Vue
as he was about to lower a ear on in law, Dr. George A. Beattie, 409 wore a suit of sand khaki kool	%	~
was caught between the car and was in ins seventy-ninth year, and I [oses and lilies of the valley. The p	________________________________
elevator platform, and was crush- w«? born in Eardley P Q In his b'.ide was attended by her sister. P0R SALE—One mileh cow-a heavy ed so badly that he died on the early life lie successfully engaged M,s.s Maude McDowell, who wore producer of mil*. Sound and right. Ap way to hospital	ln lumbering on the upper Ottawa. A rt|UPl© frock of sand crepe-de- ply to Norval Kilgour, 7th Line.
Later he established lumber mills k'hene with a large picture hat and -—-
...... _, .__ nil .	at Pembroke. Twenty years ago	«corsage bouquet of Ophelia roses.	FOR SALE-Four	secondhand	Bug
tiamax runa tor tne Blind.	he retired from active life, and	IÏ he groom was supported by Mr.	foes, in good order.	Also two *ets of
The following donations have made his residence in Ottawa.— Harr, ot Reach burg, while	Hûrness- R* -f^amLlton,
been received towards the above Pembroke Standard.	Messrs. McDowell, McLean, Walsh	"le
fund to date :	«	,	, ^	and Hobbs acted as ushers.	,	.	7	¦—¦
rx_ Dl.	,	. .	I e(* citizens of that community, Mrs. A. M. McLean, of Pembroke, by leaving at this office.
DR. Rvssku.-No doubt con- namely, that of the Venerable sang ,e All Joy be Thine/	—-
senes or Revival Services which John Chrysostom parish, Arnprior. lives of the contracting parties, aged man preferred. Apply to fire to be opened m the Methodist The aged priest died ou Sunday, proceeded to the home of thé	R. A. Chart.
( hm h here on Sunday next, June May 26, andI his funeral, Attended bride's parents where a very plea- ___	• '
||HWBH?
have distlngiushed themselves in Riddell was one of the foremost Mr. and Mrs. McLean later left-
inisterial and other avoca-	residents of Htzroy	township, for Montreal ;	thence by boat	FOR	SALE—A quantity of good srrd
His activities, however,	who all his life was actively con- through the St	Lawrence to Tor-	P?t*fc>e. ;al*> hand pickvrt bc.n*. Apply
have been staged to a ranch great-	nected with the public	affairs of. onto, touching	at American and	M'™4™	Armstbomo.^ 7th Une, Clarendon,
er	extent in the United. States	that township, and for	a number (Canadian pointe en route. They	..,,0	„ ...
than in Canada, and It is over of years up to the time of his carry with them the good wishes L 5^ »nR,5La.v,or'hor.?
-ittaLftssr	e-‘-
McLean—aMcDoweli
wet weather most now.
552 St. Catherine West
New Price on
Coarse Salt
$2.00 per Sack.
ITew Prices now effective on all Teas, Coffees,
Matches, Tobaccos
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
Rennie’s Calf Meal
$300
501b.
251b.
1.50
TANGLEFOOT, WILSON’S FLY PADS DR. WILLAMS FLY EXTERMINATOR
SPRAYERS.
Elmside

the i one
W. A. HODGINS
Bull,
years.
###PAGE###2###

went and eat right In that lie bogl” “lie bog?” repeated Julietta, frown-
Cream Wanted	r,
J5^rr2L"ïïL feSFr.-se: l .
- —S—
.All day had the rain dripped from ! on Acr088 « "trip of useless, unfarm- He lumbered off, his wife following;	SEA GULLS DETECT U-BOATS.	As to my adjustments, 1 appeared for
a sodden sky, the warm life-giving etl land to thv road-	their shadows danced grotesquely on	- the Matric examination at Ooty but
rain of California.	Reading the mailbox, she deposit- the wall behind. Julietta closed her a Voluntary Friend of Great Britain failed, the reason for which 1 shall
Julietta sat by the blurred window, fd the. letter and turned homeward by door and stood staring at the “humil-	|n Her Fight WUh SubM.	describe. To begin with, my writing
e taring into the newly fallen night,!,6 dnve* Her jubilation had depart- ity stockings’ in her band.	, u . . .	, .	,, s	•	was illegible. This was due to cli-
the NU^h vexation urging her.	jng (iown at tbti stockings; then, me- themselves that a law has been pass- Angers sti am ery <
A rainy Saturday in the eoun . Ten minutes later footsteps outside vhankelly began to undress.	ed which provides for severe penal- \mV wishe»' further. I had received ,
try was a tiresome affair. On Sun- ! her door interrupted her rueful At breakfast the next morning Juli- ties for killing a gull.	ia R™* "hock to my mental system
day one could break the monotony. meditation of spoiled skuts and stock- ptta the old rancher discreet-j yv. n wni ciu.tlr «bout a vessel Mn the shape of the death of my only
life' FkssHS
and nights of remorse had finally end-1 T)ie old man approached and bent „p ‘2 r](‘,,p u, twenty veani " was' lhe crest of the waves It has been ------- as well as your honor's family
ed in new work. Her spirit grovelled ovelr the garments, shading the candle	J accompanied by a sigh. I Proved that a submarine was prepar-	/>. branches."
?=if5WF='ss1b?35"	5SEEH-B CgmSk.
ssgmm jÿKttfMéSÙBaateesaëæ -
the cab. She had said then that she ', “Thar now-what did I tell ye? M,,Iy would always wear silk stockings a Lucky ye made the fence! And ye_(To N continued.)
Runaway Julietta
§H
mg
By Arthur Henry Gooden
I
I
m
s

monotonous drip-drip from the eaves the soft patter of the rain on roof
&
Vi/6<3uM

itWV

Xrtcwn fimCoaU ioCoaét
“No? That’s too had sort of aimin’ that you and her’d be j
goin* together. The old lady wouldn’t served by the navigating officers ¦ ÉT	the ship and the armed guard pre
QUEEN’S
y
k mammiimimi

UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON ONTARIO
ARTS
MEDICINE EDUCATION APPUED SCIENCE
Mining, Chemical. Civil. Mechanical and Bledrioal Bngiueering.
HOME STUDY
Arts Course by eorres ponde nee. l>egs«e with one year's attendance or four

attracted to the German submarines because they imagine that the dark ' blotch on the water represents a | school of small fishes swimming close to the surfacaflHj^l cordingly, point the guns at the section of the water over which the birds are hovering.
All along the dockyards and other waterfront places of Great Britain placards have been affixed warning fishermen “that the sea gull is a great, big voluntary friend of Britain in her fight against the U-boats.”

I
yfiffi
r«k

childish boast which had been made good until now, when they had become emblems of the pride which was no more.
Being what he was, Paul Morrow j had not concurred in her sweeping self-condemnation. His heated defense of her had not changed Julietta's opinions of herself, but they had proved comforting in their assurance of his continued faith. He had. laughed gayly at her distress when he had produced sample cases and mileage ticket.
“Chee- up!" he had cried merrily.	By Dr. F. W. St. John.	I Shrubs which bloom in the spring.
When it comes to selling goods your, \ow that the grim visage of war is light but firm, and of a kind that such as lilac and spirea, should be
We' f make fcmhEthto m,r TrrU	"P*" >•», and thousands of washes easily.	pruned as soon as the flowers fade,
tvry Julietta”	Hie men of our Country are serving | Thus equipped, a woman of ordinary	Late	blooming shrubs can be pruned
“But coffee is a new	line	If	you	Hie colors, women are willingly taking	health and stature will be able to |	in	the	spring,
must travel, why not stick to shoes?” UP a goodly share of man’s burden at plant, hoe, ride the hay-rake, drive the “Because I want you to forget home. Among the most important oc- horse when using the hay-fork, take shoes. The sooner we take a fresh cupations in which they will engage care of pigs and chickens, pick the grp, girl, th? sooner well find thaf j will be out-of-door work on the farm, small and some of the larger fruits, i.'S . f wor^,s„a P, v,t v R00<1 sort	of	Canadian women have not been accus-	and do a great deal to help in	the	oui-
V utC ;| Z* s ni m , _ ia , .	„	tomed to much of this kind of labor, so	door work of the farm.
“You will not’”k	they should know what to do to con-	For ebvious reason women should
Very well.” Julietta	had	assented	*«rve their health, not only for their	not pitch hay, plow, nor do any work
meekly, stung by the pain in his eyes.	own ITood but for posterity.	that requires strenuous use	of	the
“Then I’ll teach school. I’m going	to	In the matter of diet they will have	abdominal muscles. There	are, of
do something until—until the larger to follow the increased desire for more course, exceptions to this rule, where dream comes true. It will, and I substantial food occasioned by being a woman has been accustomed to such know it will '	i more in the open air and the using of a Kfe from girlhood, or is especially
f™	-Æœt
paid Jed Seldon twenty-five a month	^eely	of the diet of	the outdoor	lab-1 man's work is never done, it should
for board and room. It was a new ex-	orer•	not apply to her farm work. She
perience, and kept her from over- Clothing should be free from all con- should avoid getting overtired, be sure much self-communion.	stricting bands and other appliances to get plenty of rest and take auffid-
Rcmembrance of these things flit-	which	interfere with	the free use of	ent time for meals and for sleep. She
tgji^througn her mind as she wrote.	any part of the body,	thus giving	the	should avoid sitting in a draft while
u ncl®i îauV ve m,° r Bn lungs and abdominal organs a chance overheated or while perspiring pro-
:Sr.Tr™""
He has a lo^g beard that would be a Perform their natural function»! NN0N beautiful white if only he did not chew! < onsets, if worn at all, should be| excess
He's a sheepman and does short and loosely fitted. Some kind
WE
e
mm
'a
Lirtite
The gunners, ac-
i

: \


t
amd <tae-Ker .li
L

?e «oHoikK dvu^h
DdkemJ ifl t haig*
A
I
&
U, W «, $2 75
Uf ««JMJ5
School Navigation School
T.WmQHTOO
twtten
» HAMILTON A
WH AT WOMEN SHOULD AND SHOULD NOT DO ON THE FARM
?
GEO. T. CHOWN. Re.Ltr*r
If
Leave It to Parker
Hr HE postman and expressman will bring I Parker service right to your home. We pa# carriage one way. Whatever you send—whether it be household draperies or the most delicate fabrics—will be speedily
returned to their original freshness. When you think of
Cleaning or Dyeing
think of PARKER’S.
A most helpful booklet of suggestions will be mailed on request
Parker's Dye Works, Limited
Cleaners and Dyers


>

O'
?

à
Y
V
1
y

d f
3
*


791 YONGE ST.
TORONTO
She should avoid drinking cold water, milk, etc., hurriedly, or to

If women use due care in the diet,
tobacco
a lot of talking- about hard times. He of overalls or bloomers is suitable for live hygienic lives, including proper wants to sell his place and go to some outer garments. TTie shoes should food, clothing and rest, and at the country where there is plenty of free be waterproof and high enough to give same time exercise good judgment as gra.ing lan-i—biit ^ enough of Seldom	support to the ankle*, and should to what ought and ought not to be
% letter0 finished, sealed and ad- j* l»ced ao that they may he adjusted done, they wül not only render peat dressed, Julietta went to the window. I **7 ”>mfort' The undergarments service but add to their store of The rain had stopped, and as she flung should be made of material that is 1 health and happiness, open the sash, tne soft, fresh, rain-]	---------------
The War Garden.	, can have for early pickling are the
Very few amateur gardeners have young vegetable» thinned out and of-yet discovered the sedret of ensuring ten, through ignorance, thrown away.
Beets should be thinned until they
je sasfr
/
X
(

w

sweet air touched her face great rents in the blurred sky stars jx?eped joyously against a blue-black
“I’ll run out to the road and leave* Prf>P«r germination of seed. When	.	.	.	,	. .
the letter,” she thought, eager	for the	things	turn out wrong they are apt to	aje from fouf to six in,-hos apart m
blame	the quality of the seed, when as	Hie row. It is profitable to thin mam
The vivid breath of the rain-quick- a matter of fact, it is more likely to be 9°* gradually. Lettuce should be ened alfalfa rose about her. Behind their own lack of experience that ac- *our in*™*	onions three inches,
her the little white farmhouse	loomed	coun^	for it Before the seed is put	P6** three inches and carrots and par-
ghost-like against the night, with the	j the	be looae and liable.	»nlP* from four ^ Inches,
eriormoua blackness of the barn hfting
Jlehind it; farther still, a row of star-	. .	,. .	,	..	,
sweeping Lombardy poplars stood like way* desirable to make the soil firm
stately, silent sentinels. The glow-1
Through


mm.
The Paint That Costs The Least
4
100
PUHf
PAINT
: & VARNISHES
El


S5K
fresh air
After the seed lias been sown it is al
About the hardest thing in cleaning All salad crops can be induced to be * wagon or carriage is to get off the Ing radiance of Bakersfield hung over more sprightly in their growth if the aji &nd dust that have hardened about the horizon, dimming the splendor of row or patch is covered with straw shoulders of the axles
I for three or four days after the seed
»
i
If this
were wiped off each time after using sown. The crop gets a the wagon, it would not harden and good start if this is done and the the job would be much tende rest of radishes, lettuce and
the newly uncovered stars. •
Julietta broke into a boyishly clear has been whistle that cut into the night like a rapier thrust as she passed on toward
the boundary*fenee. And that whistle ,	.	,	,	,	.	, -----------------------------------
represented to Beelzebub both alarums onions "hoot up ami are ready for use cj|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||H||||U and excursions.	at least a week earlier than they
Beelzebub hated petticoats, as Jed would otherwise be.
Seldon's wife knew to her sorry. Plant lice are the enemies of al Julietta had been well warned by Jed moot all kind» of plants. They are never to cross the alfalfa pasture un- known as “Aphis” and “Green Fly”,
,	.	,	They make their appearance early in
ÈS5 ~ EprJsq
them pretty frocks all mussed up.” ! either with whale-oil soap (one pound Having regard both for her frocks dissolved in six gallons of warm wra-and for Beelzebub's huge curling ter) or commercial nicotine sulphate horns, Julietta had punctiliously mind- (40 per cent.) as sold by seedsmen and ed the warning until to-night -and as recommended on the cans. Half a The muffled thud of flying hoof# ;	of laundry soap should be dis-
solved in every ten gallons of water.
It Is a mistake to assume that cul-
whçn once the seeds are The ground needs con-
is the Paint that covers the greatest surface—that takes* the shortest time to apply—that wears the longest Martin-Senour 14 100/5 Pure” Paint does all three* Here's the proof/ *|007* Pure” Paint covers 900 square feet of surface per gallon.
Hand-mixed-lead-and-oil, and cheap prepared paints, cover only about 500 square feet
The greatest cost of painting is for labor. It takes less time to apply Martin-Senour VIOO^S Pure" Paint because its fine, even texture spreads much easier*
easier
Come to Toronto
TO DO
«to Your Buying

i

4
i
i
I
MARTIN
f
(
t
«
now ¦
awakened her to the danger hind her dame the old ram, a bewooled Ibehorncd thunderbolt of animos-
100% PURE” PAINT

Be-
u
tivation stops
Julietta thriw one startled giance in ttie ground over her shoulder, made out the whirl- tinuoua attention and after rain It wind of wrath behind, lifted high her «h ou Id always be gone over with the skirts—and rani Atalanta never ran Dutch hoe, rake or hand cultivator, more swiftly than Julietta ran for the Persistent cultivation Is one of the boundary fence; she reached It and ways to kill weeds and to allow
S-f
crashed into the boerde.	>18ven of ™fu** countie* number»
Beelzebub bounded to his feet like of Insect enemies and plant diseases, e rubber ball and stared balefully They cost the country thousands of through the bars. Julietta, sitting in dollars a year.
a slimy, sticky, oozy black puddle, re- ln some parts of Canada the very turned the stare with interest	early vegetable? may now have reach-
SSr^’^Vinat	5 ThtWd
“Keep your old pasture!” said JuU* ?ri- ***"' M S }tJS li- ‘	^ **>ni°
etta bitterly.	judicècn» thinning. Every house-
<	e rois and shook out her keeper does not know that the tender-
¦vf. T )e mud waa terrible e%t and most delicious vegetables die fiimillllllllllllllUllimillltmilllllâlIllâl
(Made In Canada)
!s guaranteed to be exactly M represented* The purity
White Lead and Zinc (hdde-tho high Quality of the ^____
—the minute fineness of the grinding by powerful machinery— insure a paint that gives years of protection and beauty td your home*
Io addition to the ou changé, a shopping trip tô MTS
t big an d I Tdron to
m
rain l, mil
air
metropolitan city are 1
you
sr
i
a sating In money,
- M \
©î»MÂàti|hSENot» g*
Ida, and at ts your pi ogr check room
105
LT:

•Ct
no e rtra
1
3.
TOUOlftd, OWT.
ouse
GREENSHIELDS AVENUE,
MONTREAL
*
ru
v. ¦
###PAGE###3###


.
1
1

Since the majority of thunder lowers take place toward evening it is • good plan to be on the lookout for them. If one is approaching, feed the The location of the brooder ie an brood a little earlier, if need be, in important consideration. It should order to get them inside the brooder, face the south, in order to receive the *nd then confine the chicks for the full benefit of the sun, for old King night. Otherwise if the storm hangs Sol b a great friend to newly hatched on unty dark and the chicks are scat chicks. And it h>.< ;M be situated on ^erec| about the premises, they will a well-drained site, free from depres- not find their way to the brooder, or, tions which are likely to collect pools jf eo d0f it wjll y# at the expense of water following rainstorms If 0f getting wet. Sudden rainstorms puddles form the chicks are almost ukt e heavy toll of chicks each year certain to wade in them.
Strangely enough, water has a peculiar fascination for chicks, in spite to them under moet circumstances.
For example, following a thunder-
of .heir garden. »,
mène, wading in the puddle, or go sometime, very carele.. about the trudging through the wet gnaw and condition of their too le.
How We Cultivate	weeds. In a few moment, they are Th« proverb may., If the iron be
HBM3BB1 „
a disc was not needed on new ground, f°f* the Plants Wow, tho	f AAf\ UC A I TU	AIICCTIAU	DAY	schools, through which boys and girts rid of the dirt. The old-fadiioned
because there was more briers and Jubere are setting on about that time.	IjUULl	Ht AL 1II	UHwllUM	DvA	ehp out, because they are ill, shall we kind performed with a straw broom
roots than sod. I use a steel framed etands to reason that if the vitality	,	WrV	X	evOT succeed in getting our com- uP°n a dry surface, and a feather
harrow with adjustable teeth and the is sapped from the plant at this	-- munities full to the very brim with duster, merely sets tt flying to alight
first time over the ground I set the critical period there will be fewer	By Andrew F. Currier, MD.	strong, efficient workers?	in new P1*100* Sweeping should be
teeth rather light; this picks up the tubers set on and they will not be so	—  —— 	The ’ leak in our school bucket b ^ a bristle brush and the
most of the loose roots; the second vigorous as they will in the case of a Dr currier will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If year	housekeeping There is nKX)™ covered with wet sawdust, wet
marking out easy. If the ground is quality of work obtained and the mat- gt Wee( Toronto	w«te of pouring education into chil- «*» J*» burned. A atdl bettor
***!*H™
wsÊÊsmm^m
awp ta *
StT*?5?5:,„rvv4:ar«xœsttts LJ)Êfi§ EF',r*
IpHp-É	MB
**hIb
-The treatment of these dbe.se, b friend.	-dow open at the bottom «id drained
I Some of the preparations which specialist in the diseases of women	received only a yearly1 dearly that ventilation without clean-
have been advertbed and used as hair and have it removed. Usually the clfsanin»|	" lines# b not sufficient. A well-ventil-
remedies, have stood the test of years, operation b not a difficult one. .	jury to health is due to dust &ted but dirty country schoolhouee has
Dust is of been found to contain more dust per
DS
d
A Vital Necessity In Peace or War
/ »
t

THE operations of Hydro-Electric and 1 Public Utility Companies are a vital necessity to the industrial and social welfare of Canada, and are as essential in times of peace as in war.
This is one of the reasons we recommend the Bonds of well-managed HydroElectric and Public Utility Companies serving growing communities.
Send for list of Hydro-Electric and Public Utility Bonds yielding 6% to 8%.
Nesbitt, Thomson & Company
Investment Bankers
Mercantile Trust Bldg.
222 ST. JAMES STREET
By Agronomist
. Thle Department la far the use of our farm readers who want the ••*}•• , #n expert on any question regarding eoll, eeed, trope, etc. If your quean* 19 °f eufflclent general Interest It wifi be anewered through thle column, •tamped end addreeeed envelope le eneloeed with your letter, # compioj •newer will be mailed to you. Addreee Agronomist care of Wilson Publishes Co., Ltd., 7S Adelaide St W., Toronto.

Sharp Garden Tool*.
Where the garden itself is not highly esteemed, the tools will be poor as a matter of course
GIVING NEW-GROUND POTATOES THE RIGHT START Who knows best how to raise a good crop of potatoes on new ground ?” I have raised a great many crops of potatoes and I invariably plant them on my new land tried out many different methods and believe that I have arrived at a very close approach to perfection in this field; therefore, I respectfully offer what follows in my . answer to the question at the head of this paragraph.
It is hard to do a good job of plowing on new ground because it is usually rough and contains a more or less bounteous crop of roots and snags; but anything that Is worth doing at all is worth doing well; I always take some pains and do as good a job as possible.
blank hills occasionally; and second, because the larger piece of seed gives the plant a quicker and more vigorous start. If small potatoes must be used I would plant them whole or cut once in two.
But even people
I have
Limited
Hamilton
MONTREAL
MOTHER-WISDOM
How Careless We Have Been With Our School Housekeeping!
Th#
a disc is nec disc should
are
or six
<1
5

I
a

% d
k

the windows
to b# used. All dirt and sweat found on the face of the collar should be cleaned off and the surface which comes into actual contact with the neck and shoulder should always be smooth and hard.
The Horse’s Collar
ed While at work The collar irten horae ehould alway. be washed and
f	E'ZTwlT wb“ u
-j£MTS Srÿrasarî
•hould be enough room for a man's eimDle ppoceM £ t°Jïl in,,e^!<1 irulf,e the eoUtr lender these conditions washing the
EHiiEB Ë
vrtou, combmaUoau.	ien^sary.	“
All-metal coUar. may also be The colt that i. being broken to bought. The rtuffing need in horse wort in the spring should be stared
25	zr arjs* ^ -*“• -	-
The all-leather collar stuffed with well as the seasoned rye straw, with a layer of toughened i curled hair in the facing, is a eatisfao- condition tory kind. The coot
breathed into the lungs. I ¦ «L	___
two kinds: organic duet, that which is cubic foot than a city living-room
thrown off by human beings and all ***<& * <****- Ae the city, of course.
animal life; and inorganic or mineral « ™ mor® dua*y than the country,
this shows the value of brush and
Organic duet is the kind which car- doth and reminds us, as eo many ccn-
riea germa; but we are finding out ditions remind us, that the natural ad-
that disease ie only occasionally con-1 vantages offered by the country in
veyed by the air, so that the part W*T health must yet he added
which this form of dust plays In ill- j to by eternal human care and precau-
ness Is no longer considered to be j «cm*.
very greet It is inorganic, mineral
dust, when this becomes sharp and ¦ Help your boy to be a prize winner
gritty, which is our real danger. [ this year in some line—pigs, sheep,
Dust of this kind is blown in at the corn, or something good. His whole
windows and is brought in on the feet life will be stronger for it.
of the children and ground up Into,
small particles upon the flooii. Th^n
when tt is stirred up and mixed ws
the air tt is breathed in, and it cuts
and scratches the breathing passages
and lungs, leaving upon them rough
surfaces which are just what germs
breed on.
many of the children’s d find an opportunity to develop. Black-
FUNNY
cJt OUT AND FOLD
OI.D-U
ON DOTTCD .LINCS
The shoulder of the
duet
If the selection of

F I
VJLU F- -
XIMAT5 4:
UflFCTL 1
rstY sac* /

f
fold roe

» i
tu t
&
>
«
WOOL
t
tfr
. I
?!

f
F

r*
<


Parmer* who .hip their wool direct to u. get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
52VSar^ASi"$5!
wsjs, and note what he says -
or, better still, write ns for our prices ; they will show you how
much you lose by selling to the General Store.
th e highest prices of any fi r m
so that his shoulders as i rest of hie body may be and put in good working before the hot summer
ffr
n
»• t
Cokb, tuberculosis and
thus
is so
greater than on the
### mm
10 «n! Lh,||CbM,^î V ÎÎV	manta in ths tongue when the impie ,
The cellar selected should be exam- ment U being drawn, aide draft of '
met) carefully every time H Is going free-going animal hitched to a alow or
Jaay one, walking on a ridge or furrow that is too narrow, which may caw the animal to slip constantly or sidsfAsp, and in this way Injure his dhoulder. In addition to this the neck
mechanical or
tidy, blade-like parti des all around the rooms.
Windows must be open and duet fly in through them. Children muet walk to school and—until we are as polite
th




tilths dealers
milled
as the Japanese and leave our shoes
their
outside—bring in the dirt upon feet. Blackboards and chalk a
! 1 SSSHSnE


are &1
will be


most
sMOkr l in hi iis
we do about ft?
T8 B PLUG
There la just one answer: We must
aw uns run a y mra, bought It very Hilly. Uatll be feWsd It a 1 fo,
mere steed far WILLOL
K V. ANDREWS
13 CHURCH ST* TORONTO
exposed to the usual
Injuries.
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 6, 1918.
Oopenihagen le used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a am a 13 pinch. for & eturt. and put it between the lower Up and gum, in the centre.
Afterwards you can increase the •ise of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you dee ire. Copenhagen Is strong, because 1^^*	. the tobacco of which it Is mud* Is
German U-boats have appeared off	cut into fine groin», which make# It
the New Jersey coast, and are credited	impart its strength thoroughly and
with sinking several schooners ami a	. tltt-to ‘Vine*™ ro«e a
couple of steamers. Uncle Sam’s de- long way, showing that Copenhagen strovers have the task already in hand m>t °J*y ai* unueuaMy economical
of putting the pirates out of business, i quality, being made of the best. Indore they have a chance of sinking old, rich, high-flavored tobacco
some of his troop-ships.	Ti— —............. —
The Canada Food Board, it is stated, have decided upon a complete revision of the regulations governing public eating houses of the Dominion. These changes may be looked for in a few days.
CANADA
DOCUMENTS TO BE CARRIED
by every male person who is not on active service in any of His Majesty’s Naval or Military Forces, or in the Naval or Military Forces of any of His Majesty’s Allies, and who apparently may be, or is reasonably suspected to be, within the description of Class On® under the Military Service Act, 1917, who for any reason may have claimed that he is not within Class One under the Act.
hibitvd no evidences of serious alarm
Hon. G. C. Robertson, Labor ltepre- but on the contrary an air of confidence svntative in the Government, stated in prevailed that the situation was not lie
H of Commons s ekdrt time ago | yond ret rei ring.
that an arrangement had l-« * n emu
pleted by the United States Depart I ment issued on Saturday is as follows :
ment of Labor and the Canadian De- “The pressure of the Germans con part meut of Immigration and Voloniza- tinned late yesterday and through the for the interchange of farm labor- night with renewed violence on th.
' '»«¦ .'7-7 c» StïTÆŸ-ÜS
tvrvd the Canadian West under this10|l tj/e |im, ot vhamltm Vierzy the
French, making counter attacks with indefatigable energy, pushed back
The text of the French official state
lion
member of any other society or body, a certificate of the fact signed by an office-holder competent so to certify under the regulations of the church, order or denomination, society or body, to which he belongs; or
ers
J^OTICE is hereby given that, under the provisions of an Order in Council (P C. 1013), of the 20th April, 1918, upon and after the 1st day of June, 1918, every male person who is not on active service in any of His Majesty's Naval or Military Forces, or in the Naval or Military Forces of His Majesty’s Allies, and who apparently may be, or is reasonably suspected to be, within the description of Class One under the Military Service Act, 1917, by whom or on whose behalf, it is at any time affirmed, claimed or alleged that he is not, whether by reason of age, status, nationality, exception, or otherwise, within Class One under the Military Service Act, 1917, as defined for the time being or that, although within the said Class, he is exempted from or not liable to military service; shall have with him upon his person at all times or in or upon any building or premises where he at any time is,
i r rangement
Boys enrolled as farm helpers in the masses of enemy troops, winning ground Soldiers of the Soil organization, under	and tak.ng several Wired
the auspices of the Canada Food Board. „ South (lf Poissons the Germans have been doing good work with the wert. thrown l»a<*k on the Crist* River.
In Ontario 15,000 boys have Chaudun was taken and lost several
EXEMPTION
If it be claimed that he is exempted from or not liable to military service by reason of any exemption granted or claimed or application pending under the Military Service Act, 1917, or the regulations thereunder, his exemption papers, or a certificate of the Registrar or Deputy Registrar of the district to which he belongs evidencing the fact; or
I
bee, enrolled, many of them are now on times, and remained in the hands of the
French after desperate fighting.
,	41 The battle was violent also in the
are now at work ; in Saskatchewan VVg|0ll nf (/houy and Neuilly. (In the
1100 are placed ; in Alberta 024 ; in centre of the western side of the salient.)
British Columbia 540 ; in Nova Scotia " The French broke up German at-
1308 : in Quebec over 1,000 have a! ^ks and maintained the.r lines imme
ready enrolled. New Brunswick imd diaely to the etmtof these hx-aht,».
«x . n, 1 T 1	1	»:n	1 I Along the northern bank of the
1 mice Edward Island are s o h N[arne the Germans pushed advanced
heard from, but the enrollment is under | tidies from the north and east borders
of Chateau Thierry as far a> Wi nvtiil.
44 On the French right then* was
The food shortage is recognized as so I ^arp fighting on the road between Dor.	__	' l .1 ii	mans and Rheuns. (The eastern side of
.serious in Europe that the soldiers are
the land. In Manitolia over 1,000 boys
OTHER CLASS
AGE
1/ it be claimed that he is not within the class by reason of age, an official certificate of the date of hie birth, or a certificate of hie age signed by two reputable citisens residing in the community in which he lives and having knowledge of the fact ; or
If it be claimed that he is not within the Class, or that he is exempted, not liable or excepted upon any other ground, a certificate of two reputable citisens residing in the community where he lives having knowledge of the fact upon which the claim is founded and certifying thereto;
MARRIAGE
If it be claimed that he is not within the Class by reason of marriage, a certificate, either official or signed by two reputable citisens reading community in which he lives and having knowledge of the facte, oertii his marriage and that his wife is living; or
way
FAILURE TO CARRY REQUISITE EVIDENCE
If upon or after the 1st day of June, 1918, any such male person be found without the requisite evidence or certificate upon his person or in or upon the building or premise# in which he is, he shall thereupon be presumed to be a person at the time liable for military service and to be a deserter or defaulter without leave;
in the
. tin* .salient.) There was no change cultivating 50,000	between the| northwest and north of RheimsHH
lines in France, 7,000 in Salonica, Pal
ying to
Monday’s reports sa\ that the situa eetine and Cyprus. In Egypt, Pales- tion has considerably improved, as the
tine and Salon ica the British armies | advance of the enemy is thought to be
definitely checked, and a strong counter
offensive is not improbable.
NATIONALITY
PENALTY
And he shall also be liable upon summary conviction to a fine not exceeding $50 or to imprisonment for a period not exceeding one month, or to both such fine and imprisonment; and moreover, any such person may forthwith be taken into military custody and may be there detained and required to perform military duty in the Canadian Expeditionary Force so long as his services shall be required, unless or until the fact he established to the satisfaction of competent authority that he is not liable for military duty.
will this year grow all their own vegetables and a large part of their hay and forage. All the military camps in England are being cultivated also. At Aldershot where 28 acres were being cultivated 18 months ago, 1200 acres are now under cultivation.
If it be claimed that he is not within the Class by reason of his nationality, a certificate of his nationality signed by a Consul or Vice-Consul of the foreign State or Country to which he claims his allegiance is due; or a passport issued by the Government of that Country establishing his nationality; or
Lands for Soldiers to be Ready
by July 2nd.
Land regulations under the Soldier Settlement Act for the granting of free entries on Dominion lands an* now being placed in the hands of the various During the i»ast week the Huns were I agents of Dominion Lands in Manitoba, reuorted to he using their long-range Saskatchewan, Alberta, and the Peace
.» >...t1
far behind the lines, and tin. it ami.tit ^|en returned from overseas who come to destroy the allied field hospitals, in under the Soldier Settlement Act will which many wounded are treated before be able under those regulations to secure
..."TT t T: I” iw	1
hospitals and out Amtiuan haxt um u , settlement duties for a soldier r..
gone this fiendish ordeal with the result ilre substantially the same as in the case that many wounded soldiers, some of of an ordinary homestead. The admin
and other attendants have | istration of these regulations affecting
w. done ... d»,h.	«W, .hi-	""""
of wanton savagery will meet with it> Application for entry for a soldier
just degree of punishment when the grant may be made before the agent or
final time of accounting arrives.	sub-agent of Dominion Lands for the
district in the same way as for an or
oaa aaa ! dinary homestead. Unless the appli-Canada will Pay $10,800,000 , produces a certificate of attestation
for the C. N. R. Interests. | from the Soldier Settlement Board, he
must produce his discharge papers.
Land reserved for soldier settlement
diib, chairman of the C. N. R. Arbitra I open fw entry as a >«-ldier grant, hot
tion Board, announces that the comrai- such an entry can also be secured on
ACTIVE SERVICE
If it be claimed that he is excepted as a member of any of His Majesty’s Forces or as having since the 4th August, 1914, served in the Military or Naval Forces of Great Britain or her Allies in any theatre of actual war and has been honourably discharged therefrom, official documents or an official certificate evidencing the fact; or
FALSE CERTIFICATE
The use, signing or giving of any such certificate as hereinbefore mentioned shall, if the certificate be in any material respect false or misleading to the knowledge of the person using, signing, or giving the same, be an offence, punishable, upon summary conviction, by a penalty not exceeding five hundred dollars, and by imprisonment for any term not exceeding six months and not leas than one month.
non

CLERGY
If it be claimed that he Is excepted as a member of the clergy, or of any recognized order of an exclusively religious character, or is a minister of a religious denomination existing in Canada on 29th August, 1917, or as being a
id
i he
int
ISSUED BY THE MILITARY SERVICE BRANCH
OF THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE.
the nurses
Ottawa, May 22, 1918
LEND your MONEY to MUNICIPALITIES
Stop The Losses
Toronto, May 27.—Sir William Mere
For 5, 10, 15 years or more
67
AT
-:•*» - •
0

* .4
It is tt%e Safest Investment
ann
common 800,00°.
As to the costs of the arbitration |MUH each party to the arbitration will bear its own, with the exception of the cost
ot taking the cost of the evidence «ind	0f School Commissioners of
5”.	stolen ..‘.it ..f missionere Wallnce, Tto,, ,nd Lm*
;;^î2£r,ïrjgy* «
z ts&ùrxsz
accepts Prof. Swain’s estimate of depre- .	qq
XXiXaXXU0» *•—* —
1917, was not less than 185,000,000.	Motion—Comrs. Tracy and Laugh-
ren—That the Secretary write the Sup-Progress of the German Drive erintendent of Public Instruction, Que-------------	bee, asking permission to transfer the
The third drive of the German legions old site of No. 14 School to Mr. Ernie 1 etween Soisaous and Rheims, initiated Stevenson in exchange for 1-quarter of
•— -1- r XX
with much greater success than what qUarter8 Qf an acre, and that when we previous retorts from the front led the get permission from the Superintendent public to expect. While resistance on Chairman Diaper deal with the transfer the flanks stiffened materially towards ^mem**£*<**» 3 quarters of
the tnd of the week, even to the extent ^M^ioa—Comrs. Laugh ren and Wal-of hurling the enemy back at some lace—That James Kennedy be exempt points, the Huns managed by sheer school tax for year ending 30th June,
force of numbers to ,-usb the point of ,#{££5£,n Tracy and Wallace their wedge as far as the river Marne in	Secretary ask for tenders
the direction of Paris, which is hardly tor fencing No. 14 School ground after forty five miles distant. If the same rate deed is secured ; tenders to be on hand of progress is maintained as has marked not later than one o clock of June 1 »th,
the drive's initial stage the French cap	tbe B°ard ,ha11 mWt
ital would soon come within the danger	meeting mHo
Consult your notary and ask for our list of bonds.
N. B.
Minutes Clarendon Schools
Versailles, Vidricaire, Boulais, Limited
Bankers
A Farmer often losses enough on a single sale of Cattle on the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to pay for a
Quebec Office
Corner of
St. John a St. Eustache
Telephone 4466
Montreal Office
Bldg.
90 St. James Street
Telephone- Mein 8746 8746
ren
Versalll
Renfrew Truck Scale
The only way^to stop lor ses is to weight everyj the handiest Scale for the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
---SCALE------
Weighs anything and everything from 1 lb. to 2,000 lbs-
odgins, No. 9, repairing and ; Lew» Cuthbertaon, tnov-
Chewing
Cream Separators, Truck and Household Scales. Gasoline and Kerosene Engines, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws, Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Friction Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps, Pump Jackets, Hangers, Bearings, Wood Pulleys, Belting.
Two second-hand Separators at a bargain.

IS THE WORLD’S BEST CHEW
It is manufactured tobacco in its purest form.
It has- a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man's use.
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent

111
*
For Service
Registered Shorthorn Bull, Village Swell, No. 103861 ; Sire Lavender King No. 93410. Fee-15.00.
thomas McDowell,
Shaw ville, Que.
Short Horns For Sale

We still have two extra good young Bulls, fit for service. We will also price our yearlings and two-year old heifers.
RLLARÛ HO
Elmhurst Farm

timed.
A. McKinlky,
Asst. Sec.-Treas.
i
But unlike the situation in 1914 Paris, up to Saturday at least, had ex
INS.
?
###PAGE###5###
• *



SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
unfailing patience and skillful teaching.
We cannot adequately re|wy you for what you have done for us ; but we ask you to please accept this address and the accom;mnying purse and its contents, simply as a small tangible expression of our sincere thankfulness for and heartfelt appreciation of all your painstaking work on our behalf, and all your kindly ways with us as our es teemed music teacher.
SlONKl) ON BKHALK OK SUBSCRIBER*
Shawville, May 28, 1918.
THE EQUITY,
FOR MEN
*
A Weekly Jeeresl deveted te lee# htereete. Pmfcllsked every Thmredey
\[ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
eu-isoBiPTioN, $1 à Year in Advanc*
jjr All arrears muet be paid up before %oy paper Is discontinued.
RAIN COATS
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Donegal Tweed Waterproof Goats, having an utter disregard for rain though very boastful regarding styles. Sleeves have culls. Some coats have convertible collars. They are English Tweed special rainproof processed.
$14.00 each;
ADVERTISING BATHS
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for lit Insertion and 6 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at |5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising bv the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
The Spraying Problem.
This year, if never before, we must
I>ay attention to the spraying of our i	#
| Custom Sawing-.
them, will discourage many growers
large incrouJof jan/under cultivation, SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
spraying is doubly important in order to reduce the vast loss through insects and disease.
Three sprays arc absolutely essential in the orchard the first, just as the
blossoms turn pink ; the second, after ________ T	^
the petals have fallen but before the IfniTTTlf PITfTIP ^ HB.V0 011 118.11(1	1110	1111681
caiyeen have closed ; and the third, io M N M n. N I \ stock of Marble and Granite Menu-
or 14 days after the second spray. UlUll UillUll 10	.	. .	_	.	...
Other sprays may be necessary, depend	———— merits 6V6F placed before 1116 public
the first sign °f thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending of insects or disease and re|»eat at fru- purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order
nuent intervals. Potatoes should be .	,	xr	.	,,
spnyed the first time whe„ they are 4 elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
to 6 inches high and four or five times more during the summer. Spraying is best done before rain, in both garden and orchard, since it tends tp reduce the danger ot spreading the disease
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
CLASSY CAPS
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
¦ I I Orders by mail
Our collection of Cloth Caps offers you a wide range of all styles, shades and sizes 75c. to 1.75
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
#
WORKING MEN’S BOOTS
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Men’s Tan Kip Leatli-
Extra value at $5.00. er Boots, plain toes and heavy pegged soles.
DR. A. H. BEERS
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
•pore».
An expensive outfit in nut necessary.
A knapsack sprayer, which can la? carried conveniently on the back, w ill meet the needs of the small garden, while a small hand barrel pump can be used for somewhat larger areas containing fruit trees. If you have no sprayer get one without delay.
Many sprays are in use but the most satisfactory for the orchard is Lime-sulphur and Arsenate of Lead. Bordeaux Mixture and Arsenate of Lead are best
for potatoes. For the small orchard, it | YOU Should S66 OUP HICG aSSOrtmGIlt Of TIES
is generally more satisfactory t° get a ready-mixed commercial preparation if iK>ssible, than to attempt home-mix
SURGEON DENTIST
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, Lnlverslty of Pennsylvania.	_	,
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Campbells Bay -
Sizes 6 to 10.
SCREEN DOORS
Yes I We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values.
8. A. MACKAY
This is Screen Door Time, and incidentally the right time to prevent disease carrying insects from entering the house. They keep the flies outside and let the fresh air and sunshine in.
NOTARY PUBLIC
- - - Que.
for 75 cents.
Shawville,
mg
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
Up-to-date Men's and Boys' Ready-
to-wear Suits.
Plan something definite, by outlining the work and securing the materials before they are actually necessary. Too many wait until the necessity of spraying finds them unprepared. Delays in transportation are frequent at present, and a sudden demand for material leads to a scarcity as well as increased cost.
Send to your nearest Experimental Station for a Spiay Calendar and any information nenemary regarding spra) and the method
ADVOCATE, DAÎÎII8TID, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Window Screens and Screening.
MURRAY BROS
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
•1
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
lication.
M. Kicker, Macdonald College
of app
A)vodatei Barrister, ac-
7o !
I™"LEND YOUR MONEY "I * MUNICIPALITIES
WE OFFER AND RECOMMEND
MARKETFOR
Hull.
196 Main St.
Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and KmVtv Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
PULPWOOD
¦PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER * SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
TO
5yrs.
The Highest Market Price
I

will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren frew, writes : “ I bad rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year, two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled with rbeurna tism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., ,
Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled for Teacher holding Momentary Diploma years with indigestion and tried all kinds f()r Davidson School, to teach j#n of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic- months ending June 30, 1919 tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com- particulars apply to pletely cured me ”	*
Mr. I). M.
Will be In Fort Coulçnge every Wed oesday and Shawville every Saturday.
i
i
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOD
THE FOLLOWING BONDS :
Devlin St. Marie & Dims
I
I
City of Sherbrooke—9 years, due in 1927. $1000 denomination Sold at 93.18 to yield 0 p. c.
City of Verdun—6 p. c., 5 years, due in 1922 denominations.
City of Three-Rivers -6 p. e. 4| years, due in 1923. (Guaranteed) $100 and $500 denominations.
Town of Montreal-East-6 p. cM 5 years, due in 1922 (Guaranteed) $100 and $500 denominations.
St Sacrament School Commission (Town of Lachine)-6 p. c.
14 years, due in 1932, $500 denomination.
PRICE : Par Plus Accrued Interest.
N. B.—Ask for our No. 3 Bulletin.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Court# and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
To be delivered at sidings along the 0. P. R. and
191 MAIN ST.,
$100 and $500
i
i
i used 0. N. R. Railways
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
I
GEORGE E. MORENGY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Gopvlng, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ac.
Executed carefully to the •atlefao-
tlon or parties.
162 Wellington St
Phone : Queen 5230.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANCE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
I
I
TEACHER WANTED
Yfrsailles.Vidricaire, Boulais Limited
BanKers
/ Quebec Office
suSKTs8U.=h.
Telephone - 4455
i
i
o
For
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
Irvin Hamilton, Rec.-Secy
Hull.
TREASURER,
Davidson P. O., Que
Montreal Office
9ovSji“"
Telephone-Main 6745-8746
E. S. H. Workman W. M.
d
Robertson, Renfrew writes : “ I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.*’
Sufferers should secure a supply of
this splendid remedy at once from Shaw* I Wanted, for Aldfield School No. 1, a Presentation	I ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou- qualified Teacher to teach for a term of
longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que.; eight months, viz., from Sept. 1st to On Tuesday, the 28th May, Miss M. j L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta- Dec. 23rd, 1918, and from March 1st,
K. Thomson, after the examination con-j wa ; or direct from the manufacturer, 1919, to end of school year. Applica-
W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont. lions to state salary expected and to be. UAuryi|/pDA) ni imp Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting in the hands of the undersigned not HUIVI Llfl A K t Ku uLUuUe for mail orders, add sufficient to cover | later than June 15th	1
postage
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
Herb Hodoins W.M
GEORGE HYNES
TEACHER WANTED
Reo. Hodoins, Secy.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Pdrsonalattention.Openallhours.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N Hodoins,
W. Cmop. in Com
Must be a Knock-out says
Roosevelt
Reg. Hodoins, Com. Scribe.
ducted by Prof. Dorey, was presented with a bank draft, by many of her pupils, as a token of the high esteem in
In these words Colonel Theodore which she is regarded.	I
and EMBALMING	4,Thee,,rTn,fa!vm waa nTde!,yM,d Young Cattle Astray.
summarized hix conception of this coun- Ahee Smith, of \\ yman, and a faiewell I	-
try's war aims.	address was read by Misa Ruby Hades, Strayed from the premises of Mrs.	tit a wmcm
“If we don’t carry'it through now,” as follows	James Grant, Elmside, on or about May TEACHER WAINlUiU
mmm
there would be one million fighting men i expression of and gratitude tor your	-, flprviPP	June 25th, stating experience and sala y
on the fighting front, with all needed faithful and untiring labors in our be-	r or OtU VllO	<>x te<l
equipment, and there would not be the half. We realize that some amongst us, fhe Purebred Holstein Bull Pontiac POR	slightest danger of Germany’s push sue- and particularly those who have been Hangervelt Prince, No. 24064. Fee
eeeding, he added.	taking up Grade work, have been a $1j00 for single service, or $5.00 for
Singer Sewing Machines M Roosevelt repeated his previous trial and some of much anxiety to you
and Repairs	declaration, “ that there must he only 1*% anxiety only furnishes additional •	J. B. KILGOUK
—.. .	«pspbSS- ^0=»»^ asss
üSSES SSEIr5 ^ISEÉr
LAWRENCE E .sxm,,
velt said they should be sent back.	Hud for our musical education by your	Otter Like, Que	---- — ^2 T|
Detroit, Mich., May 31—“ America does not want to win this war on points —we want a knock-out.”
UNDERTAKING
WM. C. «TENDER, Sec.-Treas., Ladysmith, Que
TIME OF MEETING :
May 11, 1918
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
W. J. HAYES
»
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal Attention
Wyman, -Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
J. L. HODGINS
ELISHA BKEMAN, Sec.-Treas.,
Portage du Fort
herd
TEACHERS WANTED
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR’S ADVI8ER,whloh will be
MARION 6 MARION.
S64 University SU Montréal.
t free.
###PAGE###6###
¦

THE SPIRIT OF THE -2hSLfSVljS JSt
FRENCH PEOPLE S T,,,», ». ^ Z
night, Several of them will never Owns with the Springtime, wearing cofhe back. They knew death await-	o‘ the green!
ed, but they were In a hurry to go	Shine on the land
Juel the same. At a email railway Like Hope embodied, strength made junction hundred of pollue appeared	manifest—
the first two days of the big offensive They were on their way North too
THE COOLEST DEED X “ %
OF THE WAR -
BRITISH TANKS
ARE SUPERIOR
“1 then proceeded to put this idea into execution. The hatch flew open, but there was not enough pressure to blow me out, nor ÿet tfmo for foe to escape before the hatch came down again. ! tried once more to lift the
r-- SS "	z — — —
Submarine.	which wn quite badly imuhed. 1	rated ta Country.	"They are on leave," he maid, "but
¦¦¦¦me
3ar*Srsr*S	SSSHris	- =SKs?K>S
MLi-iMri ar£vSS-£-. =r^K?(j'S£SB5t === SZZZZ:
submarine warfare:	j 5,ear tho ,,.runt .. th® TaT.and , y, The civil population is subjecting it- Heed not the babbler’s tongue, the of the British line shortly before noon
I	11 I*Although the man was fighting . r*"ce w continue to hold her place 8e]f to hardships which it hopes are	rebel’s	lie—	ajid started to roll up the flanks of the
I WÊ	lon Tuesday,” he for hie life, it it a wonderful example 1,1 very .front line until the Hun jggt as trying as those of the men	Take	thou	thy place	British infantry positions. A call for
gratta, ' something was heard to come 0f unfaltering courage and persever- ls * e ea	! who are bearing arms.	With nations armed to conquer or to help was sent to the nearest British
in contact with the boat forward, | ance, and of refusing to acknowledge . urren< er ls 11 v^nrd as foreign to. ^ the war ends this year France die!	tank camp and a squadron, including
twice in quick succession. ... I pro- defeat. He was by himself, in almost vocabulary of tho F rench poilu as w|n be hftppy. u the war continues	Glory	and	grace	both “male” and "female” tanks
ceeded forward to ascertain the poel- complete darkness, receiving electric L*a" .	0 ^ d ,uartl ,uf Napoleon. flVf year9 prance will still be giving Be with thee in thy coming! ’Tie shortly appeared on the scene. A
tion of the leak. Finding no leak shocks, and towards the end, suffer- ™e	of surrender is as alien to the Rame demonstration of self-sacri-
above the bat eery-board, I came to ing from the effects of chlorine gas ™ , of \rancc as WM the flee and loyalty she has been giving! Of loftiest destiny and immortal the conclusion that she was holed low and a crushed hand; and yet, in spite Ve.0;, anrlent Greefe' ^	for the last three years and a half,
down. My first impulse was to close 0f continual disappointments, he ' îhat Germany wil he defeated. She ,t |g only the short lighted who be-
the lower conning-tower hatch, and worked on for nearly two hours, keep. 1 has nev/I d.oubtfd . Sh® was just lieve the reports which one time get a pressure in the boat, but the ^g his head to the last; and at the c?"fld.ent when the Hun was were prevalent—that France was
then going up the conning seventh attempt at opening the hatch i	iering hund™s of thousan s ready to quit—that she was wearied
tower in the hope of escape. I put on he succeeded, and escaped.”	of his own men and soldiers of France ta the point of gurrender. France is
a lifebelt, and closed the valve on the	_+_ J1 she 18	when her Une has jugt aa vjrj]e to-dav as she ever was.	.	.
air-trunk through the engine-room	The Captain’s Garden	been extended to the north to be pre- she ig ready to.day to make the same J The heavens are all a-flre with watch
bulkhead, as at this time I thought	£ared for any new onslaught the 8acrjficea 8he made at the Marne,
I would have to use the engine-room ! H18 **rden blooms as it was wont to German may undertake.	the Somme and Verdun, but she
as a way of escape.	Af for hghtmg, the world does not knows she will never have to do so.
"I then returned to try to close the	,„se many springs,	need to be told of the fighting quail- ] You might drive or walk for two
lower conning-tower hatch, but before And still, amid the larkspur and the ties of the French. Neither does tho hundred miles through any part of	Star	of tbe "ea!	up	the German line from the north.
I reached it water began to come bro4°”?' x .	‘lun*, 1 havc se,en ,German Prisoners France and you would not see a single Face thou the foe with all thy fight- It deveiope(i that this ridge was held
down through it and the engine-room A bnnet sings.	freshly captured who say that Ger-	’
z'. t	^
.	,	-• ties vexed almost to the point of
esc borders trim,	j hysteria over the constant appearance
To comfort through the sunshine or of the French when the Hun feels he
the ram	is just on the threshold of victory.
/
ASTOUNDING STORY OF NERVI!
AND RESOURC E.
ENEMY LAND SHIPS CAME OFF
SECOND BEST.
IDEA OF SURRENDER IS ALIEN
TO THEIR SOUL.
Make thy true betternees of soul thy beet,
And, sacrificing all,
Ascend the height from which thou •halt not fall!
Come, Erin, come!
I
New Fast Cruiser Type Rolled Up German Line tn Recent Picardy
Engagement.
1
Hia First Impulse
“At 10.30 am

rough and tumble combat eneued
thine hour
"Female” Tanka Outfought
.power—
Show thyself great In pardon for old wrongs and stings of fate;
Come, Erin, cornel
The British female tanks, which ap-pearel first, wore outfought, but the arrival of the heaver male tanks completely changed the situation and the Germans fled after receiving a
men were
Come, Erin, come!
bad beating.
Meanwhile the British had brought up seven of the new fast cruiser type, called "Whippet tanks,” which debouched and attacked the enemy's Infantry positions on a ridge, rolling
ing eyes
Bent upon thee,
Waiting the splendor of thy golden
rise,
mg sons,	by a line of machine gun posts, while
And set thy Harp to thunder of the beyond the crest a large German guns
civilian except elderly men, boys, invalids or cripples. Every able man is in the army. Still the farms look promising in the spring sunshine. Not a foot of soil is being neglected. The "old folks” who had finished their life’s toil and settled down in their little village home to watch their grandchildren grow up have put on the yoke again.
force was massing in the open for an attack. The Whippets ran from shell hole to shell hole, inflicting terrible casualties and completely disorganizing the enemy’s preparations for attack.
In song sublime
Ringing thy fame unto the ends of Time!
gine-room. There was no
99
sponae
All hands were dead except this cool-headed, iron-nerved stoker petty-	Qur grjef for bjm.
officer, who had not the slightest in-: And his presence seems so warm tention of making the same finish. He was an engineer who knew every nut,
Come, Erin, come!
Marie Corelli
W illing to Face Certain Death
These seven tanks, each with a full crew of twenty men, inflicted more than four hundred casualties on the enemy in this engagement, while the casualties on board the tanks were only*five men. The tanks left their The Italian sovereign might well be j base shortly before noon and were called the Harun-el-Rashid of Italy, back at their base again by 3 o’clock so diverting are the adventures that j In the afternoon, befall him when he appears unexpect- j edly in him own dominions. It ls safe
and near
You can’t find a single Frenchman
. u ,	u ^¦This quiet place,	who is not willing to go to certain
bolt, and gadget of his boat, and he That we who loved him feel less lone- j death any time, because he believes
Bill :
wrote it. But they all know it. This
is it:
THE PROPHET WITHOUT HONOR
•>
BREAD WITHOUT FLOUR
An Amusing Story Regarding the King and Queen of Italy.
Process Used in France to Change Wheat Directly Into Dough.
In France bread has been made without flour in a machine that transforms the wheat directly into dough. This machine has a large |	screw turning loosely a
"Men who. serving France in the ' inner surface of which is a screw exuberance and joy of youth; men who believe in human equality; men who vision idealism and justice and strive to bring it about; men who now rest in the grave—we salute you!
British Machine Success
Sea, with a crew of dead men and no more than one chance in a thousand of survival.
, An officer of the General Staff, to say, writes the Rome correspond- commenting on this engagement to ent of the Pali Mall Gazette, #iat if the Associated Frees, said: thread running in an opposite direc- came to the gates of a French city “The British tank has justified it-tion. Between the main threads on	Quw‘n In Bn automobile he gejf The Germans have adopted
the	cylinder are smaller threads, and	woujd	at once he recognized, although	them, but there	is	yet	no evidence that
the	depth of the groove becomes pro-	in hi«	own Lucca ho is	not always.	they have any	larger	number	avail-
gressively smaller from one end to The King and Queen Elena, the ^ able. With the start which we have the other, so that it will hold the en- other day, having outdistanced an- jn tank construction we should be ‘You gave your all courageously to tire wheat grain as it enters the ma- other motor car with their suite, wore able to preservA>ur superiority with-repulse	an	evil	that	was	thrust	upon	chine, at the same time accommodai-	brought to a standstill	at the gate of	ou^ difficulty,
our	France,	your	very	all.	your	life	ing	bnly the pulverized wheat at the	Lucca	by one of the	octroi guards
of peace at home, your hopes and exit.
your dreams. You did all this before The wheat is prepared by a thor-us. And now since this monster evil demands more blood, more life, more of France’s strength, we take your places asking when will those living be permitted to live. When will right return to the earth?
but we do know and here promise you size. The mixture is then treated that you have not died in vain, that with yeast and salt and is poured
your sacrifice was not an empty thing,	into the machine. It falls between	8*gni °f great uneasiness, making
and that we and those coming after	the threads of the moving screw,	fares and gesticulating furtively to
us are ready to pay the price of ran-	which simultaneously crush the en-	tbe man understand whom he had	. . .	_i.
eom for the future of your sons end	velop and body of the grain, making	to deal with; but the guard thought	Let	Mt	dafeat	diKourage, your	vie-
A Scotch colonel tells an amusing ours and to come in succession after	of them a homogeneous mixture that	that,the signs, together with the	oi.es ey	»
us. This we promise you, dead com-	forms a smooth paste.	King’s refusal, meant that there was	geog 0f	gCotia!	Hold	them; we *	are
Bread made by this process con- smu*rK ’ ^ K^ing on. At last, losing tains a succession of holes'whose size patience, he turned to the chauffeur.
That simple prayer—on the lips of increases as they approach the cruet, ‘‘Speak! speak!" he said angrily, when the other fell off a precipice nearly every soldier who took his which is thin. The odor given off is	*re y°u making faces about?
and was killed. The subaltern, how- place in the battle line in latter March said to be most agreeable.	It will not prevent me from doing
Thin i’nntive oenned like a rat in a eveT* made no mention of the accident — furnishes the key to the French	-------+"------- mv duty Il.at valise must be open-
>le to remove the other. He then	thocht	it extraordinary, and put it	Ju#t after the Hun had begun his	on the plant were traps	and tombs
dived under water and eased the do<>n in reepoort________________	gigantic sweep against the French for the tadpole*. The plant had da- "Remember, further, that you are
*heel of the gearing, which sounds	____ j and British lines on March 21 I saw voured them. If it would consume merely the stewards of your own
lût# s ticklish bit of work In itself, i	The Function of Marrow.	hundreds of miles of French trucks, tadpoles, there is no reason why It gift# and talents. They are not to
4nd	bobbed up again to find that he	A writer in the London	Lancet sug-	supply wagons, artillery and every	should	not devour "wiggle-tali#,” the	be used for your own advantage, or
eOQld	now drive out the remaining	geate that marrow	has	a twofold	other paraphernalia of war trailing	larvae	of the	mosquito, the naturalist	the satisfaction of your own ambition,	For I dipt into the future, far	as	hu-
functlon, not only to nourish the bone,	from all directions to the point where	thinks.	One way of ridding a com-	but for the glory of God and the ser-	man	eye could see,
have always held the theory/ he	but	to supply a most important in-	danger lay. I maw French camion	munity	of moequitoes, therefore, ap-	vice of humanity. Seek to serve your	Saw the	Vision of the world and all
says, "that the pressure In a sunken,	ternal	secretion. As bearing this	drivers who had not had a wink of	pears to be to propagate	the bladder-	fallow men, to gladden their hearts,	the	wonder that	would be-
Str-lockfd vessel can be greater than	out,	he cites the mortality of 98 per	sleep for forty hours; teamsters who	wort In	pools and stream#.	to rejoice with them, for there 4s no-	Saw tha	heavens fill with commerce
P*	pressure, the deciding;	{n “primary” cases of amputa-,	had been sitting exposed to the rain	  „	thing more beautiful than thla. God	argoales of magic sails.
Vrtore J*lr < *• ™*ht and shape of:	tlon	high up the thigh when the	for two days and nights, going about	Savory stews provide an excellent	b#a put you into the world to do a	Pilots of	the purple twilight, dropping
the sunken hull I now discovered	patient	Is In the prime of life, with	their task just as cheerfully as if they	mesne of «ing carrots,	onions, tur-	**rtaln work for the advancement of	down with costly	bales;
Aat the boat we# flooding//T	cases in which the mor-, were on a hoiidsy. They were going «Ç potatoes.	HI, cause and the felicity of His I Heard the heavens fill with shouting,
% »*## * resource l deeded to,	*lity I. only 40 per oent. In the eec	to help France. France needed them.	^ F ^ th*	^	creatures. He has supplied you with	and	there rained	a ghastly dew
ecMP* *n the ehgbe-room	pudery eases where	e diseased coodi»	a* officers club in a certain part	Hb,llu!	ând ranew ah PRr,« of	the health, strength, talent and gifts	From the nation’s airy	navies	grap-
, *oti :|Dated chlorine erne	tlon has elated for	some	time, there	of France there was an ouh^tra	necessary for your appointed leW. pling in the central	blue;
, ront this	wa^k, whkh	i, Ips, shock, pecordlng	to the	wrUer,	composed of French	eoldlers who were	Doctors eey tiiat the tired-out feel-	fully assured of that	Strive,	Far	along the world-wide whisper of
e the ease.	Also, a# the	because the l/item has	become grad-	on what was called	an easy	sector.	lnf-"spriag	feysT-^ften comes	therefore, to accomplish that	which	the south wind rushing warm,
water ceme In, the a r warn escaping	a0custo»ed to getting along They had been working hard for from e lack of trui* end vegetables. Heaven expects of you. end great will With the standards of the peoples
*h th* hatvch 1 tried *hree without the mhrrow in the thigh months. A tenor singer also, who is Do not neglect double slnriae, both be rogr rehwd/ %	plunging thro’ the thunderstorm;
*W	to	open the hatch, and murreed	bon% which contains or	tlxth	of the	well known In all ,h#s oRUe f	T rar	- end	dwarf varieties Sow	The foregoing pious injunctions arex	Till	the war-drum throbb’d no longer,
ed	hi	raising It shout	half-way but	total amount in all the	bone#.	eaag usually every	evening,	clad in	seeds now «f	the newer varieties in	taken from a sermon delivered	by the	and the hettie-flags were furled,
ad out, and the hatch fell i	—-------w-------	hie rough private’s uniform But one the open ground, and they w# #**&#: Kaiser in the days of peace, upon the In th# Parliament of man, the Feder-
u wa again So then J dived down, Whining Hie war reste In part on evening the orchestra and the gingers In flower. The new sinnUm are mush ; occasion of thm confirmation <7two of atlon of the world.
A the clip-bolts and ship-1 the food loyalty and food sacrifie# of were gone were the welters, handsomer than ill# old fashioned var-1 bi# sons Truly a versatile Prince Is -From "Loeksley Hall,” by Alfred them, snd lightly secured the people.	Girls had taken their places.	loties.	„	| thU limb of Mephistophelee.	• Teeny eon.
Bent down to bless
Prayer For Courage
Juggling With Death.
¦•It was impossible for me to leave wh)' ,hould 1 lonK for what I know
Can never be revealed to me?
the er g rv-room door,” he goes on to
explain, "as it would have closed be- on^ pra>' tbtif * may grow hind me, and would have been im- *^s surv and bravely as a tree
poeslble to open again, owing to in- j do not „k why tirelegs ^ief crease of pressure in the flooding compartment. I remained there, still hoping that some of the men might eome aft, until the water rose to eighteen	sill the
door, and chlorine gas began to come Let me bring every seed to fruit, through from the midship compart- Sharing, whatever comes to pass, meut. I was then reluctantly forced The strong persistence of the root, to close the door, and proceeded to ) The patient courage of the grass, unscrew the clips of the torpedo-hatch above me as the only hope of escape through the deck. At this juncture the engine-room was in complete darkness, with the exception of the port pilot lamp.
"The water was slowly rising in the engine-room through the voice pipes, which I had left open to relieve
excessive pressure on the bulkheads, story wherein the chief figure was a The heat at this time was excessive, young subaltern of his own national- » rades in the name of France in the and therefore I rested a while, and ity. The latter was one day on guard name of Christ. Amen!" considered the best means of flooding with another officer at Gibraltar, the engine-room.”
Remains or why all beauty flies;
I only crave the blind relief
Of branches groping toward the skies.
"The résulta of our employment of To the question whether he had any- tanks are most encouragelng in view thing contraband, the King replied 0f the man power question and we in the negative; but the guard was ought to derive still more benefit from not satisfied, . and pointed to the them in the future.” three small bags, and asked King Victor to open one.
"ImpossibleI” declared His Ma-	,	.
Jeity. with an amused smile.	My Sont ot Britain! Hold them In your
wife’s maid has the keys.”	*riP eteel* . , „,	.
Meanwhile the chauffeur bad shown! With the courage of (he bulldog that
has been thy nation’s weal;
Stand fast in all thy glory on the bloodstained fields of France,
ough washing, after which operation about a pint of tepid water to a pound of grain is added, the whole mixture being allowed to stand for some six hours. Then the grains of wheat We know not, have swollen to twice their ordinary
On the Western Front
Heartened by every source of mirth,
I shall not mind the wounds and
scars,
Feeling the solid strength of earth, The bright conviction of the stars.
Scotch Officer, His Report
watching from afar.
We have read of you at Ypras, we know just what you are;
Your blood you’ll shed like water, asking nothing back;
But to do your share of fighting beneath the Union Jack.
A Great Ordeal
Sons of Erin! Hold them; when there’s fighting to be done.
You stay there in the thickest; you are there when victory’s won. Heed not the false calumnies that are heaped upon your head, Emblazoned on the scrolls of fame, behold your honored dead.
0, hold on! Hold on I Ye gallant sons with your backs against the wall. There’s a land that knows your dire need and answers to the call.
Hold them! We are coming! Tis the hand of Justice strikes From the glorious land of Liberty, beneath the Stars an& Stripes!
The Red-Handed Saint.

A Poet's Prophecy. (Written about 1860.)
"t,
###PAGE###7###
<
1

Only One Mother.
Hundred» of stars in the pretty sky, Hundreds of shells on the shore together;
Hundreds of birds that go singing by, Hundreds of bees in the sunny weather.
Hundreds of dew-drops to greet the dawn,
Hundreds of lambs in the fragrant clover;
Hundreds of butterflies out on the
GILLETTS LYE
SMOKE 1UCKETTS
TO REMAIN YOUNG fluah the bowtb **'*'**'* ^th
For the Summer Wardrobe
T&B CUT

Ill



I	When Summer Comet.
When summer comes with lovely face And blushes o'er the world below, With love and happiness aglow And beautiful with charm and grace.
Away with all thats slow and base, For hearts with laughter overflow, When summer comes with lovely face And blushes o'er the world below.
The merry brooklets fly apace,
The perfudie-laden breezes blow;
The sweet and fragrant flowers grow
And in the sky the swallows race When summer comes with lovely face.
EATS
Mi;
\
PURQATIVl WAT1S	"
A mild but sure «aline purgative which soft one the content» of the in tee-tines and facilitate# their expulsion without oausfhg colic, cramps or dla-
comfort	’, .1 I ¦ H . I I H	R I
tyg
t t aywufy j***
TOPO» TO 1>*T
On Sals everywhere! Ê6 eents the bottle RIOA PURGATIVE WATER CO.
But only one mother the wide world over
-------
The increased cost of fine teas has tempted some to try cheap, inferior teas to their sorrow. It is a real economy to use Salads Tea, since it yields a far greater number of cups to the pound and, besides, has that unique satisfying flavor.
MADE IN
CANADA
MONTREAL.
—Cooper
Economizing on Sunbeams.
First Eskimo—What do you think of this daylight-saving plan? Second Eskimo—We might try it and go to bed a couple of months earlier this year
feed for a counter-attack and here the horse gunners accomplished more gallant work. * As the enemy massed In the open, the artillerymen poured large quantities of shell into their ranks, one battery alone firing 2,000 rounds at the target For an hour the German infantry marched exposing themselves to the hail of death. They kept coming forward, but only a few reached the wood and the attack was smashed by the troopers.
CAVALRY COMES
INTO ITS OWN
7»
v.
?
ONCE MORE BROUGHT INTO PLAY BY OPEN WARFARE.
LEMONS WHITEN AND
BEAUTIFY THE SKIN
At School
, MnJ PORTRAfT AGENTS WANTING .arrmy f good print*: finishing a specialty: had been to school for the first time in frame* and everything at lowest
hi- short m years.	| itt Zg?»ro%^ A“ ^
“What did you learn?" asked his1 mother, as mothers always ask on the afternoon after the morning before.
Little Johnny frowned.
“I didn't learn nothin’.” he replied.
“I have to go back to-morrow."
The young “pride of the
rice*;
rune-
Î I',
Make this beauty lotion cheaply for your face, neck, arma and hands.
At the cost of a small jar of ordinary cold cream one can prepare a full quarter pint of the most wonderful lemon skin softener and complexion beautifier, by squeezing the juice of two fresh lemons into a bottle containing three ounces of orchard white.
Care should be taken to strain the juice through a fine cloth so no lemon pulp gets in, then this lotion will keep fresh for months. Every woman knows that lemon juice is used to bleach and remove such blemishes as freckles, sallowness and tan and is | Dame of the British Empire, recently j the Ideal skin softener, whitener and | told an amusing story of a bride who
made war-time cake for her lord
Splendid Sight as They Came Charging Across the Field as In Days of Old.

ro* sals
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER and Job printing plant In Easter* Ontario. Ineurance carried 11.600. WIU go for $1,200 on quick eale. Box ##. Wilson Publishing Co . Ltd , Toronto.
W
DISCLOSURE BY HUN PAPER
German Newspaper Reveals Vastness
Of Spying System.
Despite the many efforts of army officials of the Allied nations to have
cavalry regiments changed into light I The extraordinary number of Ger-and heavy artillery, because of their : man “agents" and spies who are still incompetence in trench warfare, the ; working for the Fatherland in Eng-recent successes of cavalry commands land, France, Spain, the Scandinavian attached to General Haig’s army in countries and America forms the subchecking the German offensive em- ject of an illuminating article in a re-phasizes the farther need of the cent issue of the Berlin Tageblatt mounted organizations in this and Herr Theodor Wolff has apparently future wars.
The cavalry had made history long formation to the enemy in the matter. |	’ <7i \	I beautifier
before all Europe had arrayed Itaelf He is merely concerned with the scan-	Just	try itl Get three ounces of | and master
to suppress the common foe of demo- dal of granting exemption from the	orchard	white	at any drug etore and
ST z pp SS-rcS £SKS,T5 j	T1""
ZLUXSS STS LB KB & TtSSSMl =	t	i S? CTS.’SS Sk B"J | JS* S’JR -STM
nIMÏÏS‘aBft	.....-I "k.. »¦	1 xt ^5 L5T*“ “ "I XV ""	“
• "Srm* “TZL . “"¦“pS'Slm I. ...
\ a I,I a lit m 1 nRint ffcns \e. |ng on are grazed to learn how enor-These mounted organizations have moug la the number of people who are at no other time since the beginning working In Germany’s interest infor-of the great conflict been able to play eign countries. It will be extraordin-such an important part in this war arily Interesting to hear something as they have during the great bat- 0ne day about their duties and their ties which have taken place on the achievements./
western front recently. They have "When the war broke out we were been stretched along the battle line, told In Germany that we had not done filling in gaps, strengthening the enough to make sure of the moral line and covering the retirement of conquest of the world, that our re-the infantry. During the first three sources in the matter of secret agents days of the Teuton drive the mounted were too small and our methods too accomplished valuable work, old fashioned. Instantly there arose a fighting mostly on foqt. Dismounted number of persons quick to undercavalrymen held the Ollezy-Ham stand the magnitude of the opportun-line, where the fighting was terrific, tty that was presented, and all these
while the infantrymen withdrew. One offered to help the Fatherland in this I The tub ekirt plays a very important party of dragoons was cut off all dire necessity.	part in the summer wardrobe. McCall
night, during which they were out in “Every one who pretended that he | Pattern No. 8211, Ladies’ Two-Piece the open battling for their lives. Fin- had some relationship with foreigners Skirt. In 7 sizes, 22 to 84 waist, ally, they cut their way through the was sent away with plenty of money. | Price, 20 cents, enemy’s lines at Jussy by main force. Adventurous plans (of which nothing more was ever heard) were greedily accepted, and we threw ourselves into a great propaganda work which was considered ‘intelligent’ and ‘modern/
MISCELL A1TK0US _________
fl RANITE CUTTERS AND LET-X JT terer* wanted. Write Qeo. M. Paul. 164 Victoria fit. Rarnta.
Ml nard-e Liniment L
It Was the Limit
la connection with rationing, econ- ^ ANCER tumors, lumps. BTCU omy recipes, Government flour, and internal and external, cured wltà* other similar abomination,, Ma,lame Melba, who ham just been made a Co. I
I ml ted. Colllnrwood. Cmt
no intention of giving away any in-
i
1
He ate of it and made a face. She


?
I
%
P
8
rc
“No, sweetheart,” • he gently replied, “nothing that you could have left out could make a cake taste like | this.”

I
The Obvious Alternative.
A spoilt little boy of four years had been a source of considerable annoyance all through lunch.
At length one woman, an intimate personal friend of his too indulgent mother, turned to her and said :
“I can’t think how you can let your little boy be so greedy and unruly at
mealtimes. If he were mine, I should | Grease baking dish; cover bottom tfive him a good spanking."	with mashed potatoes. Add layer of
“Oh,” said the mother; “you can't cooked minced meat or fish, season epank the poor little chap on a full i well and mix with meat stock or
stomach.”	gravy. Cover with mashed potatoes.
“No,” said her friend, “but you can Dake long enough to heat through, turn him over.”	twenty to thirty minutes.
50*
__________________¦^¦1 , Soothes and Heals Quickly—
MONEY ORDERS.	inflamed cult, bruises, bums, scalds, bits*
Send a Dominion Express Money ten, • piles, abscesses, boils and othet Order. Five Dollars costs three cents, inflammations. At dealers, or write us]
JUR9T SKMffDY COMPANY. H.mlliee, Ca«.4<
A Shepherd’s Pie
I
FDR 25 YEARS
men
On Hands and Fingers. Could Not Work. Cuticura Healed.
As* for Miaard's and take no other,
To Keep Down Camp Waste
Minard’s Liniment Co , Ltd.	I The Militia Department has issued
Gents, I have used your Minard s instructions for its conservation offi-Liniment in my family and also m my ; cerfl# which are calculated to keep stables for years and consider it the wastage of foodstuffs to a minimum.
best medicine obtainable.	| The conservation officers are made
Yours truly,
"After vaccination I was affected with skin trouble on my left arm and later it set in in
my fingers. I suffered no
<9^11 much 1 WM unable to do any 5 kind of work, and It need to keep me awake at night. I \rf\/ suffered an awful Itching and ill/ burning, and my fingers were swollen.
*1 had the trouble over twenty-five
%
both hands
4
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St, I Toronto, Dept. W.
and
On the 23rd of March the cavalry came into Its own, for the horses were brought forward and the troopers began a series of spectacular feats.
When Noyon was first threatened cavalry was sent to hold the line of the Oise west of the town. The British infantry was forced to fall back on the 26th, and the cavalry was pulled back also with the intention of occupying the ridge near the village of Porquerticourt, in the vicinity of Noyon.
responsible for the collection and proper disposal of all fats, bones, drip-Proprietor Roxton Pond Hotel and ; ping, etc. The regulations cover a
Livery Stables.	wide range of economies.
ALFRED ROCHAV
“All this was supposed to win over the world and turn the hearts of foreign peoples towards us. In reality it spoiled the little that remained to spoil. In the remotest corners of the world, and still more extensively in neighboring countries, this work of ‘information’ was started.
“All it has shown is that Germany still has a large reserve of strong men of military age.”
PAIN? NOT A BIT!
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OR CALLUSES OFF
years when I read of Cuticura Soap and Ointment. I tried it with success I bought mors, and now my hands healed.’* (Signed) Mias A. Cadieuz, Chsmbly, Canton, Que., Mar. 23, *17.
•o I
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
A Slacker’s Alibi.
One of the recruiting canvassers in an English provincial town was a well-known magistrate. In most cases he succeeded in obtaining the This new drug is an ether com- promises he wished, but at last he pound discovered by a Cincinnati met with a rebuff. It occurred when
chemist It is called he knocked at a cottage door that was freezone, and can now opened to him by a sturdy son of the be obtained in tiny bot- soil.
ties as here shown at “My man,” said the magistrate in very little cost from his most persuasive tones, “are you any drug store. Just going to fight for your King and ask for freezone. Ap- country?”
ply a drop or two di- “No, I beant, sir,” was the prompt rectly upon a tender reply. “And I be surprised at you com or callus and in- askin’ me for to do it. Two years ago stantly the soreness come next month you yourself fined disappears
you will find the corn Bill Smith, and you said it wor wicker callus so loose that ed to fight, and I promised you as I you can lift it off, root wouldn't repeat the offence, and I aland all, with the fin- lus keep my word.”
No humbug 1 Apply a few drops then Jw# lift them away with fingers.
ere
Use these super-creamy emollients
for every day toilet purposes and prevent these distressing troubles.
For Free Sample Each by Mail dress post-card: 4'Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. 8. A.” Sold everywhere.
IN
Canadian Cavalry Assist The Germans were also aiming to get a foothold on this hill. A race developed between the horsemen and the enemy infantry across the rolling ground. Both reached the forest at about the same time, but the cavalry lost no time and rushed through the forest against the Germans. An intense battle at close quarters ensued and the cavalry was doing great execution when the order came for them

4
»
“JOY-RIDING” IN A TANK
SHOE POUSHES
THIS WEAK, NERVOUS MOTHER

$
Anything But a Pleasurable Experience, Says s Correspondent.
Joy-riding in a British tank means hanging on for dear life in a deafening roar of machinery while the machine lumbers up and down grades, to fall back in order to cover the re-1 alternately tossing its passengers tirement of the	infantry, which had	first one way and then the	other.	A
succumbed to	pressure at	other	trial trip is thus described:
points. The mounted men withdrew “We accented with some trepida-from the wood and brought up the tion, an invitation to make a journey rear, pausing often to fight rearguard in the machine. About half a dozen actions with the hoetly pressing en- of us entered by the narrow door and emy.	were cramped up on the little plat-
When word came from the British | form which runs on each side	of the i	mmi	mill	g	sorene8g	or irritation;
command that the wood northwest of j machinery. We held on like	grim	I $!	F	not even	the slightest
Moreuil was filled with enemy in- death with our hands. For a few mo-	1	if ,11	smarting	either when
fantry, who had brought forward ments everything went well.	Then	il| i!'!	M	applying	freezone or
great numbers	of machine	guns,	| there was an upward movement	of	til	f | I	||	afterwards
which were mounted In every	avail-	the forepart of the tank and	in a trice	II	W	Jj	'	This	drug doesn’t
able vantage point, even in trees, the, we found ourselves without a foot- ;	eSt up the corn or cal-
gallant horsemen .were called upon hold and were suspended by our1. . . .hWw.i. thf-m no thev loosen the successful conclusion of the East to clear the wood out. They respond-1 hands from the ‘holdfasts/	I ‘ue* right out Ufe no humbug! i African campaign,
ed and came pounding up to the wood j “The vessel jerked violently as she .	. y{*e a charm por u	She has lost the respect and confi-
in a picturesque manner. Here part started on her downward course. In 1	t rld of everv hardldence mo8t of the nations,
of them dismounted and went on foot, | the twinkling of an eye we were	J	hAtwepn the She has lost her former leadership
but the Cansdiaifhor.e tore on into thrown into the same position aa be-	» we,TL	ca%es on many realms.
the forest and hurled themselves on fore—only more so—with our legs r?*’	,	It never dia. She has lost many of her patent
the enemy. The Germans slowly gave dangling and our hands gripped *¦	bites or rights, that were once a source of
way before the onslaught until the the effort to hold on and prevent be- »»*“*•	d%'lat hasn't '	wwilth.
western part of the wood had been big thrown all of a “heap. We event- ™ T *	a l f	fn J She has lost her supply sources of
1 rzifcB y ar* hu *w- stlc sb e - —
sale house.	ghe has lost millions of her sons.
She has lost her soul.
LIQUIDS otx/BXSTES
AbuCK,WHITE ,TAN. DARK BROWN OR OX-BLOOD SHOtS
PRESERVErfkLEATHER
Tells How Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound Restored Her Health.
Shortly, I twenty shillings for fighting wi’
!
A Quick Relief for Headache
Philadelphia, Pa.—"I was very w.-ak, always tired, my back ached, and I felt
ffTL....	sickly most of the
time. I went to » doctor and he said I had nervous I gestion, which ded to my w condition kep worrying most the time —and hé said If I could no stop that, I coo
gers
Not a twinge of pain, Klnard’e LUlmeat —4 by Pbyeielaaa
What Germany Has Lost.
She has lost her high seas commerce.
She has, therefore, lost her foreign trade.
She has lost her last colony, with
frequently caused by badly digested food; the gases and acids resulting therefrom are absorbed by the blood which in
À headache is
indi-
2
therefrom are absorbed by the blood which in turn irritates the nerves and
ms called
mo?
I painful sympto che, neuralgia,
rheuma-
heada
Him, etc. 15 to 30 drops of Mother Seiffl'i Syria will correct faulty digestion and afford relief.
1


get well. I rdso much about #1 Lydia E. Pinkhara’i Vegetable Com* pound my husband wanted me to toy It I took it fora week and felt a little Bet* ter. I kept it up for three months, and I feel fine and can eat anything now without distress or nervousness. ’’—Mrs. J. Worthline, 2842 North Taylor St, Philadelphia Pa.
«5 v tajsist 5GSa »—
ache, Irritability and depression — and soon more serioom ailments d. vplop,
SssssssS
are more than 1,000 years old.	I a*,,»,,.. ..a	*_ ir. aad« to Cauda i it did to Mr». Worthline.
not
*-
hea

SELDOM SEE
a big knee like this, but your horse may have a bunch or bruise on his ankle, hock, stifle, knee or throat'
ABSORBine
trade MAH* afuU on
mothers now a-lay a so many demands
Like Knights of Old The cavalry was again called upon I what must be the life of the gallant on April 1 to attack the enemy. They crews to whom our experience was a did and no more splendid sight has trifle as compared with theirs in the been seén along the battle line than midst of shot and shell and with their when they came charging across the own guns blazing away, field as in days of old and drove “The roar of the machinery in the straight Into the banks of machine confined space was terrific. The man guns scattered among the trees. The with the strongest lungs, shouting in fir«t charge gave the horsemen a foot- the ear of a man of the acutest hear hold in the wood. They reformed and ing, could not make a syllable heard.”
they drove their horses full- The known peat bogs of Canada, tilt against the German line. The 1st- covering about 86,000 square miles, ter held for a little and then sagged are estimated to be capable of proend broke and the British stormed during twenty-eight thousand million their way clear through the wood to tons of air dried peat, which in fuel the eastern side, the enemy fleeing be- value would equal fourteen thousand fore them. Behind them the ground million tons of a
was strewn with German dead and	------
Wounded.	Share your happiness with others,
The Germans immediately reorgan- but keep your troubles to yourself.
What He Inferred.
A lieutenant was instructing his platoon In visual training. Saul he to the first man:	“Now tell me, how
many
digging party over there?”
“Thirty men and one officer,” came the answer.
“Quite right,” said the lieutenant after a pause, “but how do you know one la an officer at this distance?”
“ 'Co# he’s the only one not working, sir.”
septic liai meet tor imWImÉ. reduces Fabfel l
W
men are there in that trench
l

è
0*1 N

more
Cwr
way to market; it chiefly depends on
two word#, industry and frugality
e CUT f INL hfcR i IGAREfTtb "
e
Benjamin Franklin

ISSUE 22—IS
ED. 7.
###PAGE###8###

results, in ho far ms the College or University is concerned.
7.	To get upon the “Accredited List" is one of the highest mm hi* lions of High Schools ; and no other incentive to good work Ims proved so strong.
8.	When a High School Imsonce won a place upon the “Accredited List" its best work is done In order to maintain the coveted position.
l>. The teacher is the best judge of a pupil's Illness to go on to a
higher grade; an examination
often returns a false answer for many possible reasons.
10. If pupils of our Superior Schools in 1018 may be promoted from grade to grade without the usual “June Examinations"; and if Universities and Colleges are willing to accept pupils from schools doing good work as attested by the capacity of the students sent tip» x\ hy should our pupils be| called upon, In any y a large part or all of June ; and why should a large percentage of our funds be spent for that which is at least imneves-
île Slmille Boot ai Sloe Store


çl« n *
SSfoio
‘f
v
i
I
»

MX
»
à
m
When Leather Is Scarce
x 7 (
m
m
¦jt
a
u
-à®:
)
Va
I
and prices are advancing our advice is buy
9
x
JS
I
Canvas Footwear.
\
We have the best stock of
car, to waste the month of
CANADA
TENNIS GOODS and
RUBBER SOLED CANVAS Ih»:" -"rS! k&SSST:'
Canada’s Registration
Its Purpose and Application
AN ADA faces the gravest crisis in her history. Four years of war have taken from
the Dominion a heavy toll in talent and labor, yet despite the shortage of_
power, our Allies still depend on Canada to maintain her own fighting forces at full strength and to increase her exports of food and war materials, so vital to them, and to the successful prosecution of the war.
Every ounce by which Canada can increase her food production and evefy ounce Canada can save in her food consumption is heeded for export to the Allies.
Should the war continue for another year, food cards and a rationing system may have to be instituted. It is the duty of Canada to be prepared for whatever situation circumstances may force upon her.
It is quite probable that before the war is won our Government may have to place restrictions upon the occupations in which men and women may engage. In such an event the Government wishes to be in a position to render all possible assistance in keeping our population usefully and profitably employed.
Registration Day, June 22nd
Macdonald College.
Card ot Thanks.
Mr*. Rnliert Stanley and family of Wyman, (Wire to thank their many friends ami neighbors for the kindness shown towards them in their sad bereavement-the los of hushand and father.
FOOTWEAR
man
we have ever had, and prices are very reasonable considering the high prices of Cotton.
Altho* five months have now gone by, Since that great sorrow fell,
Yet in our hearts we mourn the loam Of one we loved so well.
Ood called him home, it was His will, Hut in <mr hearts he liveth still;
In mein >ry he is as dear today As in the hour lie ; massed a w ay.
—Mother and Son.
Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
These conditions point to the necessity of Canada knowing the exaÂ capabilities of her men and women at home.
All persons residing in Canada, male or female. British or alien of 16 years and over, will be required to register on June 22nd and truthfully answer the questions set forth upon the registration card.
It is not the Government’s intention to conscript labour in any form, but to assist in directing it wisely,
*° that every available unit of human energy may be utilized to the best advantage.
The information procured through registration will be used —as an aid to the Military Authorities in procuring the men necessary to maintain "Canada's First Line of Defence"—to mobilize all units of available labor in the Dominion and direct them from less essential to more essential occupations—to establish and intelligently administer a system of food rationing should that become necessary.
Canada Registration Board
Sealed Tenders
%
Tender*» for the building of the Campbells Hav Milling Co. Ltd. (new building at Campbell* Bay) will be received up to 12 a. ni., June 1st, 1018.
Flans can be seen at the office of A. McLean, manager. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
A. Mi LEAN
Local and District.
Amateurs don't lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures can be made to send
to the boys .i* the front
finishing a specialty.
The large factory ami plant of the Union Box ami Shook Mills. Limited, of Pembroke, was destroyed by fire on May 28. Loss estimated at #100,000, well covered by insurance.
Manager, Campbells Hay
Xnmtvur
21
Issued by authority of
Dealer in Kcalaka ami Supplies ||CW 113131 IT5GT Sf|0p
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner
looking through vour cabinets and
The new President of the Mon , treal Conference of the Methodist r°‘l m,t tlle words that no Ion get Church, elected at Ottawa last interest you and have become week, is the Rev. (»eo S. Clen- llH<‘;t;s?4:	,
dinnen. pastor of the Brock St. Think what it will mean to Methodist Church, Kingston	these various Soldier Homes and
. Hospitals to receive the selection John Ross Robertson, proprietor of records that you have sent ot the Toronto Telegram, one of them, in care of your local branch the most successful newspaper of the Red Cross inen this counti y has produced, this the record campaign for out died in Toronto on r nday last, country’s heroes a ft ci a short illness, a I 77 years.
f | A N A D I A N
PACIFIC
RAILWAY 00 CHANGE IN
TRAIN SCHEDULES
EFFECTIVE
Sunday, June 2,1918
(REAM Wanted !
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
SHIP EXPRESS
¦BPfH WE SUPPLY CANS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers if fronTotir sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realise and pay Producers a higher price per pound Butter Fat.l*	*	-, tri
When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and _teste are guaranteed/ +W ^	m9hâÊn ~
* OTTAWA
So let's makt
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
George S. Henry, a progressive	Sam Sharpe, M. P.
farmer, who has held a seat in the Col. Sam Sharpe, D. S. O., M. P. Legislature for several year*, lias for Ontario, met his death at been taken into the Ontario Cab- Montreal, on Saturday, May 25th inet as Minister of Agriculture, by tailing from a window in the ills qualifications for the post are Royal Victoria Hospital
ryeognized on all sides.	Colonel Sharpe had
Archdeacon H. J. Cody, rector days in the hospital, lie being of St. Paul's Church, Toronto, has taken ill while on his wa been appointed Minister of Et hi- home Irora overseas. mÊ ration for Ontario, in succession juanded the llttth Battalion at the to I >r. Py ne. who retired from the famous battle ot \ 1 m y Ridge and Cabinet The new Miuistei of was invalided to England in De Education is an eloquent speaker, <•ember where lie stayed until a man of great jiersonal charm, April. Three weeks ago he sailed and a clergyman of the most prae- ;<)r 1 a mu la, but on Ins arrival in tical and progressive ty|>e. His Montreal he was taken suddenly outstanding ability is everywhere dl ami forced to go to the Royal recognized, and lie is counted upon ' ictoria Hospital for treatment, to give the educational system of . The botly was taken to his home
Ontario splendid administration. I.*1	1 xbridge, Out., where his
,	.	, funeral took place on Wednesday
Captain \\ ill lam Nelson Graham, %% ith full military honors, and was y son of the Hon. George 1. attended by an immense concourse 1 Mrs. Graham, has succumbed of people, to wounds received in France.
The late Captain (iraliam was in his thirty-fifth year. Horn in Morrisbtirg, he accompanied liis parents to Brock vide, and received his education in that place, afterwards attending Os good e Hall, Toronto. He was called to the bar in 1U07, and for some time practised in dies ley, later going to Ottawa anil joining the firm of Macdennell, Honeywell and Graham. • Latter he became associated with J. J. O'Meara, whom he was with at the time he enlisted.
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
"Canada
For particulars apply ticket agents.
been foui
I have just received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.
J. L. HUDGINS
to his
i,
e com
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
The Trotting Stallion
DIRECTUM'STOSTER
Shawvii.lk
Will be at the
Russell House Stables
during the present season for anyone desiring his
services.
Terms : #10 for season ; #15 to insure.
N. R. BROWNLEE,
RUSSELL HOUSE. SHAWVILLE
INSURANCE
Satisfactorily done
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
Q. TCT DALE practical tinsmith
W . W •	Shawville Que.
onl
am
COMPAN IES.
‘Accredited Schools
No charge for Policy Fee.
fall or write for Rate* and Particular*.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT, |
QUEBEC
VS
“June Examinations
As the Department of Public Instruction have issued an appeal to Superior Schools and School Boards, urging that promotions be made this year without the formality of the “June Examinations, thus recognizing the fact that such examinations are not necessary, a few words comparing the two systems may not be uncalled for.
In order to be brief, I submit the following thoughts in the form of propositions
The hospital ward was big and 1. The “ bare, just a huge figure in officer's are unnecessary. Witness the pie khaki on his daily inspection, or sent Hpfieal of the Department, perhaps a nurse bending over 2. The “ June Examinations " some helpless form, broke the take up about one-tenth of the uniform aamcneae of the	ami Seli<><^UÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊKfÊÊKÊÊ
rowa of whit»* cots. In the centre special reviews in preparation for
of the room within ear-hot <it all. them and the almost useless days a talking machine had been placed, they succeed
To these wounded soldiers this 3. The “
a gift from the skies, for cost the country neatly ten per-111IÏ91C will soothe the sick, cheer cent of all the funds distributed the lonely and brighten the lives to Protestant Superior Schools, of all its hearers. On this parti- This money might lx? saved for cular morning “Silver Threads aid to some struggling schools, Among the Gold" had been played barely able to maintain the status twice, “Annie Laurie" had been |of Superior Schools.
I. The
PR ECKEN RI DCE
1

1
MASSEY-HARRIS
( The Popular Farm Machinery )
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to form the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM
MACHINERY.
Record, Record, Who's Got
A Record 7
.June Examinations
in
%
ear, when one includes
We have them in all shapes, sizes, styles
and prices.
A pleasure to show them. We have one to fit you.
lime Examinations
was
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
being the favorite, was and other similar devices tend to nlaped ou the moving dial over make teaching mechanical, to de-five times. Can you blame the «troy the individuality of pupils soldiers for not receiving much to breed undesirable rivalry, an inspiration and cheer when just to cause both teachers and pupils three records had been allotted to lose sight of the very their ward owing to such a limited for which schools exist : supply ?
This is just one instance of the many that occur in our military can do of real value, can be done hospitals and rest homes, through- by efficient inspection and private out the country, where thousands teats.
of returned soldiers are being ] fi Colleges and Universities for cared for and who have some sound years, have been receiving pupils reproducing machine or player from High Schools (Accredited piano, but a very poor and meagre Schools) without the formality of assortment of records or player leaving or Matriculation examina-rolls Can you not start to-day tion, and with the very best of
encored three times, while “Casey
ri
Call and have a talk with
purpose
HHHHHÜHPDMmeiv,
to prefMire boys and girls for life. 5. All that such examinations
us
R. J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
ARCHIE DOVER
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.


