###PAGE###1###


4
O
v
No. 1, 37th Veau.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
JUNE 27, 15)18
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVA NCI
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1H7I
A Bank Account For Your Wife
More and more, are the wives of today running their homes on a business basis—* systematically and efficiently.
Many wives have a monthly allowance for household expenses.
This, they deposit in a Savings Account in The Merchants Bank—settle bills by cheque —and thus have an accurate record of bills paid.
Such a business-like method also gives a woman the feeling of happy independence in having a bank account of her own*
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
V
OF
4,750,000
Plymouth Binder Twine Plymouth Hay Fork Rope Berger’s Paris Green
OTTAWA


04 Branches In Canada,
w
?*-

BOARD OK DIRECTORS

Hon. Georg* Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Geerge Gordon.
General Manager :
D. M. Fin nie.
W. Dutble •	•
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander Maclarcn M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George II Perley E. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager :
H, V.Cann.
• Chief Insptctor
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
2
TH€ MERCHANTS DANK Unquestionably the best goods
Head Office: Montreal. OF CANADA Established 1864.
in
the market,
We solicit your orders and fully guarantee every pound.
SHAWVILLE BRANCH. OUYON BRANCH, CAMPBELL'S BAY BRANCH. BRISTOL BRANCH,
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager C. E. SHAW. Manager,
Noth—Monday, July 1st, being a legal holida sessions of
Clarendon or Shaw ville held on
The Equity begins its 37th year that date, but such meetings will I g g CilDV’Q with this week's issue, at the old take place on the day following— pi EHIlf V price of one dollar per year in ad- July 2nd.	F| ________
, X,m,j=-Th,„r,r.m;:,i.;	SCHOOL
SSX-Ss,''Ci SS*	!	Ottawa.	Ont.
throughout the country have °!1, *	morning (.Kith) at II , Qurinstruction Is individual, and the
found it expedient to do. A great °t,oc*' brethren are requested school ih open duiing the entire year; deal will «Irni-ml on how fur mir	at the Lodge not later you may therefore atari at any time
patrons nlfit üJulildinëJs ^an 10.Su a. m.	«0 per month ; do no,
to. nit on the Cash-ill-Ad vance	*	I More than WO students from other local
Principle. Everybody knows the |r|3flO 1 UÎI1Î1CI j college* have in the past joined our cla*s-purchasing power of a dollar to-	** Ics Name» and addresses are available,
day is far below what it was	a	few	Geo.	W. Pinole, Piano Tuner, is in	! Student*are assisted to positions.
greatly diminished	purchasing	P. 8.—Pianos and Phonographs
power, is felt just as keenly in all for sale at right prices. It will pay you that enters into the production of to investigate.
a newspaper as in any other exist-1	— *---
ing line of business
ty Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
there will be no local councils of
the
SHORTHAND
A BIG DRIVE
For Stknoubarkers. For the past year the Civil Service Commission- has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 1ft every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Canadian Food Boakd License Numbed
8 4503
COWLING
;
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
}
Make a specialty of preparing candidate* for these examinations. Start NOW and bt* ready for the Fall Round I p. Our school is open all summer.
W E.Cowling, II. G. W, Braithwait, Président
I
etc
D. E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and SDarks Sts
Principal
SHAWVILLE
HH (	Everything	The work meeting of tlic Shaw-
lined ha* climbed in price and eon- ville II. M. Club will be held nt the tinues to climb from week to home of Mrs. Win. H origins on week. Therefore, an advance in i Thursday evening of this week, the cost of the finished product is not only reasonable but necessarily
becomes the logical result of con-™... _ m .	. .	« ,
dit ions as they exist. If. however,	0,1 £uesdAy, July -ud, at
tl'be'foilowv.l' °nf 'Wll‘ lmVel PERSONAL MENTION I	Artist in Portraiture.
Gillies Bros., Limited of Brae-side, have work for a few able men in their saw mill or lumber yard. Good wages. Steady work. The Austin II. M. Club will meet j Phone or write William liouglas, nt the home of Mrs. Win. W. i Superintendent.
EXPERIENCE
vs
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work Is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession.
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctor» by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of WiJi.s College that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 41%. This year to date is even better. Still Employer»’ Demand* Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
Preserving Season
Miss Gracie Allan, of Ottawa, is visiting Miss Mary Lewis, of Austin section.
Mrs. C. A. L. Tucker, accompanied by her little son and daughter, Géorgie aud Aleda, left for Montreal on Thursday morning last.
Sergt. Hawes, of Minnesota, who has just returned from the Front, visited friends in town last week.
Onion Supper.-—An Onion Supper in aid of the Red ( >om in to be held at the home of Mr. Thou. Thompson, Zion, Friday, June 28th. Supper served from 7 to 9. p. m. A good program of songs, recitations, dialogues, etc. Admission 25 and 15 cents.
Ql yon.—At a meeting of St. John’s Church Guild, at which over twenty .Miss Beatrice Landry, Ottawa, ladies were present, it was resolved to visited her mother, Mrs. Jno. hold a Bazaar and Entertainment at the Landry, for a few days last week. Parsonage on Friday, June 2*th, at t.00 It. XV. Hro, I). A. McEaehreu, of p. m. Admission—35 and 15c. A good Buckingham Lodge, attended the program provided, and a good time exregular Masonic meeting here on i peeled. All welcome, the21st iiM.	1
Miss Pearl Plaxton, Renfrew was the guest of Miss Lonila Arm strong over the week-end.
Red Cross.
We are pleased to note the improvement in the amount of work sent in to the Red Cross from our several Clubs. The following was shipped this month : —
36 pr socks, 21 bed socks, 2 amp. socks, 240 P. P. bags, 46 face clothes, 21 handkerchiefs, 23 bed pan covers, 24 bandages, 10 T. bandages, 10 amp. bandages, 10 comfort bags, 7 day shirts, 5 hospital shirts, 30 suits pyjamas, 1 pkg. old cotton.
May this work continue.
You can now secure ample Sugars for your requirements. Half a car in stock.
X. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Willis College
1W0& Spark» Street, entrance between Ketchum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Brown Optical
.A COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
The Russell Meetings.
Accumulating momentum has marked the meetings of the week. A climax was reached in the all ' day meetings on Wednesday when delegations came from “Jerusalem, Judea and beyond Jordan” to a feast of Pentecost. Special gratitude is due Mr. Harris of Bristol, Mr. Cook of Yarm and Mr. Brown of Portage du Fort for the enthusiasm they have created for the campaign.
The select people are richly revelling in the afternoon Bible study on the Holy Spirit, which I)r. Russell is called to give in the leading summer schools of America and for which a program is being planned for him iu the Presbyterian seminaries of the United States. Every Christian of every Church ought to hear his last afternoon message on Thursday at 3 o’clock in the Sunday School Room of the Methodist Church—“Separation for Service.”
Thursday will be Farmers’ 8|>eoi-*A «1 night. Friday will be Shaw-ville night.
Sunday will be the day of last things. A glorious commencement day when we expert many will graduate from infantile ami puerile things and go on to higher and the highest possibilities of Christian mail and womanhood.
It’s DQt the gale,
But the That settl
(CROWN BRAND)
Appreciate Kindness
,	„	__	„	...	.	,	.........II. Naylor and her
Dr. Ken. McDowell, of Renfrew, family wish to thank the many visited his parents, Mr ami Mrs. friends who have shown their sym-H. T. McDowell, over the week- pa thy and given their help and end.	I done honor to the mentor} of the
Rev. A. T. Phillips returned | late Archdeacon Naylor, from his vacation oil Saturday evening, and conducted the services at St. Paul’s on Sunday.
Mr. Geo. and Mrs. Pmgle, accompanied by Miss M. Prendergast, motored from Ottawa on Wednesday last. Geo. is fulfilling his usual Spring mission of tuning up the pianos in this section. .
M rs
W
Pints Quarts Half Gals.
$1.20 per doz.
1.35

552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
1.60
<<
Marriages
A very popular wedding was solemnized on Tuesday of last week in the Methodist Church when Mr. John R. McDowell, a well known and enterprising .....	_	. .young fanner of Clarendon, was
flie whirligig of Tune has j united in marriage tA Miss Elina wrought quite a change in Slmw- Horigins, only daughter of Mr. and ville during the past nineteen Mrs. E. T. Hodgins, of Shawville. years. The tact strikingly im- Long before the hour of mar pressed itself upon I red Morrison riage the sacred edifice was tilled
when he struck the town one day with the friends of the young
last week after an absence of the couple to witness the solemn ser-time mentioned. I red left here vice which was pel-formed by the when a mere youth toi B C.. and pastor of the church, the Rev. FJ during the interval he has been a > Tripp.
resident of that province, almost The bride, who was presented to continuously, Wing engaged for j the groom at the altar by her the most part in the mining re , father, wore a becoming suit of ginns. During lute years lie spent sand taffeta, embroidered in blue, some time m the Peace River | with a beautiful ' hat to match; country, which lie describes ms »lie efirried a bouquet of Ophelia " very fine, but sulTers the draw-. ioses and looked charming.	1
back of early frost#. Early Ust Mrs. XV. A. Hodgins played the XXFiliter Fred took a notion to en- wedding march, and Mrs. McLean, I... listennd signed up with nn of Pembroke (noe Mi Engineering section at X aticoitver. Dowell) rang an appropriate solo. I He came east a few weeks later A number of the friends drove with this unit, leaving his wife to the home of the bride when# ami family at the town ol Cj^age. sumptuous dinner awaited them R Ç rhese troop# were stationed The young couple received a l* at St» John a when t lie riots broke number of useful and valuable
¦ hi February, and	gifts l reside* a handsome purse
they were among the first to be	from the young ]>eople of the
sent to the scene of the distur- town.
banco. , Later they returned to In the evening a reception was poR SALE-Four St. John s, and r red took the o;e	held at the home ofthegnmni in	gi«*.	in	good	order.
|mii tunity of procuring leave to	which about 85 people pai ticqiat-	good	Single	Harness
run up here and see his brother» ed	Shawville.
before hia unit goes <#verseaa. He The bride a reception gown was left again on Saturday with the * moss Georgette erepe with taf best wishw ol many old friend» feta embi’oiriery.
and hopes that he may be favored The festivities of the occasion i£‘*feVr.| with gixxl fortune abroad and a broke up with well wishes for the w h . Stei safe return home.	happy young couple.—Com.	i Bay. Que.
Perfect Seal
Your family, friends and business as sociates want your portrait, range of folders to choose from
II. 1 Ml-
Artist in Portrait un
A nice
Pints Quarts Half Gals
1.35
tt
150
n
FOR SALE—Large Jersey hull for sale —peifeet beauty. Apply to Hell Telephone OfTive. Bryson. Quebec.
1.90
n
WANTED-At once, a girl to do general housework. Good wages. Apply to Mrs. C, W. Horigin», Shawville.
BINDER TWINE
FOR SALE -1 * year old Ayrshire bull rid 1 yearling bull. Both purebred ani mais, from splendid «Ire and good cows Apply to David McDowell, Shawville.
an
We have our supply of PLYMOUTH TWINE
GOLD MEDAL SILVER SHEAF PLYMOUTH SPECIAL
FOR SALE—8 mi re-bred r*g Pig*. Ready for deliver)
n. Maryland.
Yorkshh Apply t
Ian
FOR SAT.K—Two good young milking e. Apply to Mrs. R. Strutt,
f
Pearl Mc- ! s
T the sail
FARM FOR SA LE-F i i ir-1 range,
Oculars ap|
t i
f of lot

«1
lor
r par
Of the God guided soul
Mks
I

I
Qu
Next Sunday
Russell’s Adieu.

ont m Qnehe<
LI-
FO I
l
order. A real Campbell* Bay
econd band Bug Also two sets of R. I. Hamilton.
W.A. HODGINS
Commencement Program
WÊÊÊÊÊk ft*###»
Power for Urn Pulpit.
3.00—Patriotic Pont Crown. XX'ho h
7.30—Right of Redcmpti
I apeak on
Il.(


XVANTED-A gill to do h family ot
*ork for j
i* on farm about mid w*) phells Bay and Fort Con stating wages desired t«i as, R it No. 1. Campbell*
Call <>f the
1 Patriot
8 3551
Canadian Food Board License Nvmrf.i



I
###PAGE###2###
V
Cream Wanted
{Mmmilèl
The 1 loath of Slumberlnnd
Runaway Julietta
X
\
When all the Went is fold on fold Of red, and clouds are tipped with gold,
B, ArUiur H.„„ Cod..	|
CHAPTER VII.—(ContU) , t-ven in the darkness Julietta re- And the winds from the South “A lot of sillies!" declared Julietta, cognized the tall, gaunt, stooped fig- V(K)1
" ?*“	»wi« : srsti c * rate * *	" b~i
S«1 ÎLVtUi.î'wK 8MS4	»ïït..	mm which have made MV hocskwork eab.ee
no one can blame ’em for falling in different- -	And children come outdoors to play, jn washing shirts and overalls I alone or in combination with milder When from the tower, like some big
love with you."	"VVbo is it?" Worrell came out, Then cares of life are put away.	rub a little soap paste, which is ones.	flower,
ssi #=mmm mtm
“And what	a lot of romance would be red how	in	reality she was not	atoxe look nice, with-	time is short.	Ahove	the	garden	gate,
spoiled!"	she said mockingly.1 "Life»® at	8^e was Julietta, Itch,	Then when the cows are at the bars,	ou* Marking it 1 rub it with a piece of	Don’t fail to allow	from forty-five
' After all, 1	suppose things aie for self-reliant,	a	grown woman. Her	And all the sky is blinking stars,	soap while the stove i% hot, then I	minutes to an hour for	a medium-sized
i stslul. . "transM- .>, «
after all, is real business, isn't it? I unpleasantly a hint of fright, almost Into your lap, hear the low notes can’t just play at it. That’s why of terror. 1 he steps creaked as he Of mother's song, and fairy boats mere society bores me, Uncle Paul, came down them. Julietta sprang out pr{ft jn to an enchanted strand Then you regard this visit to La »"<l extended her hand but he only To carry them to siumherland.
Vina as business? Morrow threw stood staring blankly at her.
hF.rx?n..aevSed,lookv j ....	... '"Limv't it""7 he repeated again , OIL CAKE FOR FUEL. ! pinned on.
8SÂ5*2trTS'JSP,-w<¦»>-»'• M ...
life.»»	| He nodded sullenly. His lips part-!	Per Ton	woollen dresses, if one will sew a
“i'll miss you," he said with a sigh.'ed from long, fang-like teeth in what T, hi h * f ,	, (h short. P'«* of bias tape along the neck t>f	—	,	,	..
He settled back in the depths of his was apparently intended for a wel-	f . P . . ,	.	the dress and sew clasps on the col- approximately four per cent, of the
chair, and for a space neither spoke.I coming smile.. I * •* , ocean I™* fpa* , *	lar and dress it can be fastened and total sales, and about one-half of	Handling a "Tight-Wad.*
Hi®
end—and I-I love you."	: Come an’ tend to the horse here!" tun. As the result of a lack of ship- thi„ ,dJ about thr„ or four table. parcels been delivere.1, the delivery	. .. . y
mm mm
tears that crept to her cheeks.	! other. She had grown quite stout,I calorific value of cake to coal was lhe ribbona spoiied by repeated wash-! lows:	* that B *U ™ “blc„ *
Watching her intently, Morrow saw Julietta observed: her face was lined, found to be 1% tons of cake to one 1 jngS-	i The nrnr customer receives $1 Kive’ Just sign your name here and
“Thank you, dear.” He spoke gent-	,ook. that ha(i befn	his. She	made no	t * ° * ear* figulFa ra,'gmg b*|wee"	must be careful to have it always	Another phase of delivery cost is
Of course you love—vour Uncle	motion to rise, but Julietta	brushed	W2.50 a ton and the present price of	open, then there will not be so much	the number of small orders delivered
Paul-"	Past ,h1fr unfle nnd	>mPulsiveJy knee -	*15 Cake Is now being largely used	chance of running in and falling down	to one customer. If the cost of each
He turned, and walked slowly mto	in place of coal ,n bo.1er plants, hotels.	etairs. U » impossible to reach	delivery, which averages six to ten
she cried	1	*	; restaurants and private houses.	very high in most cellarway, which j cents, were added to each small order,
"Be careful o’ my arm!" Mrs Wur- ®ffers an<*	T sre hlgh'	! the customer would object. Conse-
rell recoiled. "It’s bad."	! "ot detrimentally affected through the	- qu,ntiy. it is added on a percentage
Her Reception At the Old Home. Julietta straightened up, alvashed. burning of cake. One large concern	Some Common Green*.	basis, and thus the customer who
ÉPEli
and two flagrantly new buildings—	Was I? asked Julietta meekly.	»	*	cious part of the plant is the crown ! Thus, under the piesent delivery
the Lr Vina Bank.* and the emporium "I/ve got a terrible spoil o’ rheu-	—	with its unfolded foliage and buds, system, a sur tax is placed upon the
of Rosenbaum & Kline—alone flaunt-	mat ism, else Id get up and act more	System of Regulating settlers Clear-	^hen well	balanced this portion	customer	who	carries his parcels and
ed prosperity abroad.	plad to see you. Jim," she added	ing Y ires Works Admirably.	makes a good	salad. The plants are	is considerate	in ordering, while the
As the train pulled oui. Julietta	imUkHy, set a .hair f>r Lizziv, van	The permit system of regulating	often covered	to exclude the light,	customer	who	requires delivery serT “her elbow" madcU her "aware oVl	' Julietta pulled out her hatpins.	settlers’ clearing tires is now in ef-	This not only	blanches the leaves but	vice does	not	pay for the service re-
pair of shrewd pale blue eves ap- “Don’t bother. Uncle Jim. I can feet throughout nearly all the forest makes them more tender and extracts reived.
praising her.	make myself at home. Do you suffer regions of Canada. Last year, legis- some of the bitter principal.	Canada is suffering from a shortage
“Lookin’ for anybody	special,	much,	Auntie?”	lation to bring it into force was ad-	Dock.—The leaves of the curled or	0f	man-power; all available help is
Miss?"	! ‘‘Suffer? O’ course I suffer!" Mrs. opted Ontario, Manitoba and Sas- sour variety are one of the common required for production. Deliveries
Not especially," said Julietta cool- W’urrell’s voice rose Querulously, ki&tchewan. This year, the new Fire early greens.	should be restricted to one per day;
Excuse me!" He smiled with the bringing back old days again.	| umhiu, the system has l>een in effect variety are boiled and eaten. _The§S| be established,
words. “Just thought I might be of “Married ?" came the question with f0r years. Alberta is now the only, plants are very popular m France as service to a stranger. "	j a an?P,;	forest province without it.
“Oh, I’m not a stranger, Mr. BurtU’i	_ *. Wherever the setting out of set
Burt scrutinized her, frowning.!	^er*d vou	get	all	them	fine	tiers' clearing fire# has been régulât-	large oval, succulent leaves make
etta nodding toward the bank. “That’s	°usly.	“There s some folks	wearin	forest Are losses, with no real setback	Mustard is often used to give flavor
n fine new building you have!"	fine feathers as cant say they come to agricultural development.	I to mild greens as beets and lettuce
44Not had." and Kurt grinned slyly. *>y them honest.	„	The disposal of logging slash by
,	,	..	» sa i; arsas	sr« spj zrsa j	sr
w™,’ szsxzzxz'zz aft sr	a
Mr Burt did not remember her. answer. Jim Wur rell. whose face posai of logging slash is receiving in- nes8*	...... weary. They marked his papers
that much was quite plain. As he	had suddenly reddened,	broke into the	creased attention, due to the rapidly	Pigweed.—The	plant is called wild	"good, steady pilot," and sent him
hesitated, Julietta bade him farewell	conversion.	.	increasing stum page value of timber	beet, or careless	weed, and	is com-	home for rest. But he knew he was
and started across the road, for the	Better ha e u bite	to ea . Lizzie,	and tbp realization that our forest	monly used for greens.	not going back. “They need better
afternoon was growing late. J'.aja nnt^oin» back	Uncle Jim	resources are by no means inex-,	^ ild Lettuce.	The leaves	may be	than good, steady pilots out there,”
Vina s banker looted after her dubl^ r J ^mn^f5r a visit	haustible.	cooked as greens or served raw as a 8ald the veteran.
.mass
nil*
miml.ered that mad! With wondering notions m the *ir!, bfad;.	"Anyone lost a $5 gold piece
pity she recalled how, the last time,	<To ^ continued. I	asked.
ner little bare feet had trodden its,	-*-	j Nine passengers searched through
dust. She marvelled at the daring	aDrav ag a preventive.	their pockets and announced that they
of her innocent ignorance and, mar-	>pray aB *	K	^
veling, felt up-surge within her a jn these days no one should attempt great wave of thankfulness for that to cultivate plants without preparing
sided moon took	outline. Çotton-	and stored where they can be had
wood Creek was	brimming. The	when needed. The kind of spray out- the old
alfalfa fields were	under irrigation; a	fit needed depends upon the kind and .	«.y**	,»	gübly lied	one passenger,
long-legged curlew	flew away with a	extent of work to be done and varies	«-Then	here	you	are,"	beamed the
rtÿzÿ s= SUSSSS* Z£S Ziff—- 1	-
a5T.V.";2.^,b;VB.hJ; .«'fp-mp	b-*”'	. i-u T
water In some gopher hole. She page-, the compressed air knapsack sprayer	He Feel, the War. Too
ed the great cottonwood tree ^vhioh "witk tank holding about three and a	«Any old clothes?" said	an old	Par *k' *
had wjmesied jhf aale of h5r Suck to half gallons, is fairly satisfactory. In	clothes man, casually met.	Knle.	Kale is the mus* tender	and
ine ikmcfll peddler and her good-by larger gardens and small commercial	“No, I'm wearing my old	clothes	delicious	of the cabbage famil> and is
to ( lay Thorpe. < lay’ Her heart,fie]de a small barrel and pump mount-	myself now,” said the man interrogat-	valuable	for green* throughout	the
quickened. ! he tree v a8	ed on wheels is to he recommended, ed; and then he questioned the old suguner.
wnnrfA	t ,™i,rd ” her while on large plantations a power ; elothe, man: "How’s business 7”	! Turnip Tops-Turnip top. are used
,ï -ir.1 :	."?,S::sïz
As she swung around the curve of the work done at,the right time.	wave.	j «’•bbage family and is grown for
the driveway and sighted the twinkl-	_. __ “I guess everybody's wearing their , the fleshly s^m8'	.
ing Hfhts of the house where she had	•	old clothes now, aren't they?" said Mustard.—The cultivated variety is
been bom, a pack of hounds greeted Scottish Sergeant “Ami noo we'll the other, and then he summed up the referred fb; it is very much like the her clamorously, and the uproar gave ffy the richt tur rn by numt>ers, and o]d clf>thp, situation:	I wild, which has already been mention-
r*iwtf£fx Ü53SS r ts, -jsi "< Z’üal
in quieting command to the dogs, tur-r-m.	| anything."
•wier oft CHuuNtNO criam
We supply sane pay id remit dally.
/
amer



are
U
T4M
f
The Child In the House
ing?
I
II

When, curved and white, a bugle bright,
The moon makes magic of the night. Don't put them into your OVtn drip-1 A fairy trumpet blowing; every foot across both edges of the ping with cold water.	To me this seems the very beat-
top of the bag, ami when the mat- Don't forget to use them with the fo kiss good-night and be undressed, tress is slipped in these are tied. This flrst. course in a lunch or supper. And held against my mother's breast,
cover is always in place and the mat-	-------*------- Dike snow outside that's blowing.
tress is not tom as when a sheet is WHO PAYS DELIVERY CHARGE?
It also keeps the springs	—.
IVb—oh, how fast the time goes past!
How quick the moments leap!
Till mother lays me down and sings A song, and, dreaming many things, She leaves me fast asleep.
Needless Waste of Money and Labor in Retail Merchandising.
The cost of delivering parcels is

ly
the house
CHAPTER VIII
¦to©X|
*
A
PERIL
.YE

p 0
6
best ijou can get
Airmen Who Are Wanted.
Only youngsters of perfect physique, of matchless bravery, and of extraordinary quickness of brain can have any chance of distinguishing themselves in aerial warfare in 1918, says the British Air Minister. Elder airmen say the same. One, no longer Pokeberry.—The young shoots are i„ the first flush of youth, did a six
ÜKEAD MIXEP
greens.
Wild Mustard.—The comparatively

ié
>
3b»w
*pp#r
“You've put one over on me, I guess
Co.


Fi
i r
•*
Sr
* ",
* *

12 71
Ws W wM 1)25
T. WPtlOHT CO
•ste

HAMILTON

PEERLESS POULTRY FENCE


,t*r.d—mskin« il %
barter Miiait srpsemlmsis M *#U *e rm&D paste? Top »n4 hoHo® wire» ÎU t-l»|o mods We So. 1) wtre-*s4e/
4 other lests Lm f
I by Us t>«* Hsertli i recess whirl Urns MM >ew Mbs tbsW IUel he ptsts. A«s sbsuiew fl AfwW —*y iw/ebsw. l««e«« ws.is4»ei

mild greens and is valuable in salads Watercress.—This is a valuable sal ad plant.
%%2zr''

*>*»
he
Cultivated Green»
Spinach.—This i* a standard crop for spring and fall greens. For home use it may be had during the summer by successful sowing in rather cool
%
Ingrûm’s
MilKwêed Ctêatn

4
“It is dated 1896," said the finder.
make a very tender, delicious green. .a|d ; The plants can be used until roots are an inch or more across, cooking leaves and roots together.
! Swiss Chard.—This garden vegetable makes excellent greens, coming in at the end of the spinach season in the spring. Use the foliage part for greens and prepare midribs like as-
And it is worn on one side, man.
Many women look olderthan their years largely because they do not take proper caft of their complexions. Ingram's Milkweed Cream will keep you looking younger than you are. it keep# the I i» e*lon clear and colorftiL It keeps the skin •oft and In a healthy eondltlon because It baa a distinctive therapeutic effect. It tones up the delicate skin tissues.
For ehlnineee of the n JHi I Ingram's Velveela Souveraine Face Pov It la so Ana and delicate la feature that can ecareely detect It yet It stays effectually conceal# the minor Imperfectlone
of cor plrxfon 1. d hides per.rlr.tior», A full
line of Ingram's toilet product# Including Zodenta for the teeth, le at your drugstore
C kere
is Beauty YE in Evtory JU Jar

?

' CM.
gran
J?ajj»wwnrL



Me
is:
B^st»4 T«fc

ZSr
2Sr
*m2ZZ.r*«»
ed.
TOO K F INGRAM CO , WW&w. Cm
f turn
Horae Radish.—The leaves | plant make excellent green;
tr
t



SE
###PAGE###3###
VALOR OF FRENCH	z'
fOIONIAI TROOPS "îï."iwLb,
The creation of the two newest WlA/IllAL 1IXVVI U the attacking troops, made up of the Provinces of Alberta and Saskatche-	---- Moroccans, Algerians, Chasseurs and
™e «“»• -*-»*-¦»,	r.’’
progress of the prairie sections to-	DES DAMES.”	for* not put up to the front line until
wards autonomy was gradual. The	**f°re they go over the
Canadian Pacific Railway had Wen	---- toP- They are men particularly high
completed in 1885, and the powers How the .Senegalese, Moroccans and *trl,,lg a,"! ^mperamental and are
rr:L,™.:Z11 *>*«-»*.^.... r.:,r,zutf £25L£Ll£*sfTr	»•
Who irave their lives to save it in Lines of steamships on the lakes It was a big attack and a big job. three lines their ammunition and guns I Minesweeping is one of the newest the darksome days of old	were both extended and improved; was on.	*re »lflo brought up closer to the phases of warfare, so new that it is
Not a blot Is staining there!	immigration took a tremendous swing The wounded came in so fast that ,ln®*- y11" fakes *b^lt	‘r w?ekV "till in the process of experiment.
Every cross remaining there!	upward through	the policy of the	finally there was not room for one	|>n the night of Oct. 23 the first The British method consists of	tow-
All the hones of millions its red,	Dominion and	Provincial Govern-	more stretcher in the hospital. I no-, holding and second holding divisions . jng a single steel cable over the	hot-
white blue enfold!	ments with the railway companies, ticed that nothing but Colonials came	hack and occupied trenches two tom. which catches the moorings of
and the development of the prairie in—Senegalese, Zouaves, Moroccans, ' arvl three and the attacking colonial whatever enemy mines have been laid, Show vourself a man for it!	lands went on by leaps and bounds. Algerians, Chasseurs. I talked with a trcK)P* went up during the night and and refis the mines loose, allowing
Do the most you can for it!	Brief statistics will give an idea of youngster who was shot in the head, I occupied the first line trench. In the them to rise to the surface, when they
Remember that you owe it the best some development*. In 1867 the pop- writes Preston Gibson.	j mornmg tht*y are K'/en a Uaspoonful are RUnk or exploded by rifle fire
you have to give!	ulation of Cankda was 8,871,000; In The youngster said the fight was of l,ran(ly’ «orne bread arid coffee, and :	At present the British are conduct-
Duty’s voice may call to you,	1911 (official),	7,206,000. Railway	going splendidly. He was one of the	as dawn comes they pull down the ^ ;^g experiments to determine the	size
The post of honor fall to you,	mileage In 1867	was 2,278; in 1914,	first over the top. The attack was	jfat*s “,H, g° out over thf! lop ,nto the of the cables used, the size of	the
O then to die beneath it were	30,800. Foreign	trade in 1867 was	launched after midnight, following	[ A T he enemy rapid fire guns, kites used to sink the cables to what
which , “*n(1 grenades and shrapnel.	ever depth it is desired to sweep, and
even to discover the safest sort of
On July 1,
an offer from Ottawa ¦¦¦¦ 1878, the Island became a Province of the Dominion.
THE MEN WHO SWEEP THE SEAS
Z/bs* t/t&
S
BQYSl© GI
Progree* In th# Prnlriee
GALLANT MKN ON BRITISH TRAWLERS AND DRIFTERS.

/
Z
l>ut Ever Surrounded by Peril From Mme
and Submarine Are Keeping Seas
T1IE BOY AND THE FLAG
Do you know the story of it?
Do you sense the glory of it With n pulsing rapture that thrills you through and through? When you see it gleaming there. When you see it streaming there.
Do you grasp the meaning of the Union Jack to you?
Clear for Traffic
You can see the beauty there—
Can you read your duty there
When you see it flutter against the sky to-day?
Does it stir the soul of you,
Does it fill the whole of you—
The flag that flies above you and around the world alway?
$131,000,000; in 1916, $1,120,260,000. j a terrific tirade barrage
ffiiBBIiMi
John, however, was her neighbor, her from Toronto.	! part of the Atlantic Ocean, the Brit- The first trench was taken and the j mission of ( onservation. This, as :	:	‘
and as goon as Mamie came out to For Mamie’s father had come back U]e9 Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Chasseurs came over, followed by the I compared with the situation ten years a eepmg purposes, play that afterapon he ran right over, only that morning from Toronto; and Holland, Belgium, the northern part ; Zouaves.	»?<>," he continued, “is an improve-	Dangerous Moating Mine*
Mamie drew her skirts round her ** he had been too busy to buy her a 0f France, the entire German Empire	The French lieutenants then round-	men* of the first magnitude.	I should	^ ou can count on losing ninety per
with great dignity and started back present there, as he usually did, he &nd a considerable part of European	ed up the Senegalese, who took ad-	here explain that we secured the	cent, of your crew when one of the
toward the house. “You know well, had promised to let her go downtown Xuaala.”	vantage of many opportunities to	! adoption of legislation by which	the	trawlers hits a mine,” a lieutenant of
enough, John Grover!” she said. “I j with her mother and choose a present The territorial expansion of united	dodge the bullets from German rapid	Board of Railway Commissioners	was	the Royal Naval Trawler Reserve told
don’t want anything to do with a	f°r herself.	Canada, in a sense, has not stopped,	fire guns by hiding in shell holes.	authorized to impose fire protection	the writer. “With the new craft, you
traitor!” And she held her curly head ' Now the trouble was	that there	ln 1896 the discovery of gold to all	| The officers simply gave them a	measures upon the railways, and we	sUnd far less chance of hitting a
very high indeed.	were two things that Mamie	wanted	stents and purposes opened up a new	kick and said, “Get up and go on,”	then assisted the Board in drafting	mine, and when you do, you lose only
“Traitor!” stammered John. “What	» beautiful doll that she	had	seen in	country in the Yukon. The same	and if the negroes did not obey they	the regulations. When these were	forty per cent, of your erew.”H
do you mean?”	Shores’ window and a set of books;'thing mjght be germed of the addi-	of course would threaten to shoot	adopted, the Board appointed our	All mines laid by Germany and
Mamie turned round	just	for a	mi-	an<1 before John had come over,	tion of to Quebec and 0f the	them, but the order is usually suffi-	chief forester as its inspector in the	England alike are fitted with the safe-
nute. “Any boy who laughs at the Mamie had thought that it would take'	n8W Ontario to the old cient.	enforcement of fire protection régula- ty gear on their moorings which is reUnion Jack is as	bad	as	a	traitor!”	her every single minute until mother	within recent “newspaper” memory.I	Throat after throat was slit from	tions for all the privately-owned rail-jquired by the Hague Convention. This
she said.	was ready for her to decide which she	The brief history of Northern Ontario	ear to ear by these expert negroes. |	ways of Canada. The jurisdiction of	gear automatically renders harmless
John took a step after her. “Why, would choose. But now, all of i |g but an Mrne8t 0f wbat js to come	The Germans don’t like this kind	the Railway Commission now	extends	any sea-mine which breaks from its
what do you mean, Mamie?” he said, sudden, here was a strange new idea.I „ inevitably In the “last great West”'of fighting and fell back over the	to approximately 86 per cent	of the	moorings and floats as a lost mine on
“I never laughed at the Union Jack, She sat down in the house, perfectly No one can look at the map without	Chemin des Dames, up to the Fort of	railway mileage of Canada.	the surface. Rut there is this vast dlf-
never! Why, I had a great-great- "till for ten minutes, and then ran 8eeing tbat the Paace River distrlct ia	Malmaison, where they had their big	There are still 4.087 miles of	Do-	Upon the holls when day was done,
grandfather or something who was a upstairs.	destined to carry a large population, guns.	minion Government railways and 350 mines and the lost English mines
United Empire Loyalist! Sol”	“Mother!” she called. “O mother!	Speculation a* to Future	I Treachery of the Germans.	miles of provlncially chartered rail-.which have been discovered thus far
Mamie turned again, and her eyes Could I get a flag with daddy’s	"	*	... ' Thi. villimr of the German» be.	in Alberta not subject to regu- at sea. Many of the floating German
blazed even more than they had be-j money, do you think?”	11 the Dominion settlement is still _	‘‘‘	'	lation and inspection by the Railway mines have been discovered with their
fore.	"Yes, indeed.” said mother.. .lîarse compare»! with Europe, or even	’,	¦ , / J t_ Commission, and the fire prevention safety gear deliberately filed in two,
“That makes it all the worse!” she "A big flag?"	of the States to the south. ^ «Xamerad!” with both hands un service applicable to these two classes so that the mine has not automatically
cried. “What would your great- "Yes, a fine big flag. I should ere 1:; plenty of room yet for de-	f f . b; d’ not CMnParftble to that applied un- become harmless, but is as dangerous
great-grandfather think if he knew think,” said mother. “Daddy was ve opment. but war has brought out	.	, **	.	. Tbi der the Board of Railway Commis-, floating about as when it was moored
how you laughed at the flag when you fwing to give you a particularly fine a ' aracteristic which it would ^| ni	^ t rb	b , j sioner*. The Minister of Railways has, in a minefield. This was done by
ought to have saluted it?”	present, you know, because he had to we ° notl<'** even In such a sketch, p ,	,	* iti ‘	\	-7 so far, declined to take the progrès- j Germans solely because they are un-
“Oh!” John understood now, and he disappoint you this morning.	But jM j	n HV be. The capacity for work,	’	sive step of adopting the regulations able to use the seas at all, and they
. “Is that what you mean? what do you need of a flag? Daddy,®nd effort of each individual seems to	•	Qu.*	of the Board of Railway Commission- count on any vessel which falls victim
Why, there wasn’t any flag there to and 1 bave a fine one to put on the avp "n '¦'¦gone growth Better meth-	K ** ’	*r* in full and putting their enforce- to their floating mines as being either
laugh at, Mamie Evans. That's the front verandah on Dominion Day.”	*** «•!* T‘*ï usf^ in /arm an<1 fac"	f	,	| ment in charge of our chief forester, an Allied or neutral vessel, Germany
joke, don’t you see? Saluting the Then Mamie told her all about the ory. What has been lost to the Do-,	7	c unquestionably the best qualified man possessing no scruple* about the sink-
blackboard and pretending it’s a flag!”, boys who laughed, and	the flag that	minion	by arrested immigration ap- J”	h ,	Int'	ïiL	T tIL i	in	Canada for	the	work	We	trust ing of neutrals.
“Why, John Grover,” cried Mamie, | "he seemed to see but	that the boys	P**rs made up by concentration of ef-	^	n°t	like	to	this	will	soon	be done.	The situation
“do you mean—why, it is there! I did not see, and how she felt that they fort- 1 erhaP8 quality rather than	Yfrnm ^ha	m	v 1 j at the Present time is, therefore, that
But John shook his head. “No,” he But the best thing of all happened	wealth. These seem destined to	in- 8Tound.	They	then	retreated.
•aid firmly. “It's because you're a the next morning when she stepped	fluence the future more than	the]	German Wounded	Only Boys,
girl that you see things in the air like out of the door, with her head high, geographic extension of border, that. When I see a real flag I’ll and her precious flag waving proudly
salute all right, and eo’ll the rest of aloft. For there on	the sidewalk	W hen I Come Home,
the fellows; but saluting the bleck- were all the little boys,	with John at	When ;	oome home, dear folk o' mine,
board is just a joke. So! Come on their head. Not Marnie or Laura	We1, drink a cup of oMen
now and play."	Sccord or General Wolfe himself,	Arv1 ye)! however rich it be,
But Marnie shook her head and could have seen a thing to criticize m	No wjne wl„ ta5te 80 good to me
walked elowly up the steps. She the way «hey saluted the flag that Afl Englieh alr How j ,hell thrill had something to think about, and morning and marched behind it, a drink it on the Hampstead Hill wished to be by herself.	guard of honor, until it landed safe when , come honie!
To begin with Marnie had to make1 and sound In their room at school.
When I come home and leave behind
sweeter than to live!
felt better
When a Mine I* Found
This ia a fact which has been de-
a new
type. This can usually be told by not-low the Intercolonial railway, which fog the markings on its dull red exNow the German wounded began to ^puIZI^oZ^UoT^,	,f ,he ml»e >" of the
I must hw abluM of them^and own'VailJa^ the fht pnrfl^vTTer'	if iVha^l'Jén 1^/l',v a^ubmlr-
! m", n°L°ne Wh° 'JOked °T 20 ,l V,C< i8 th*	have in Gan- 5 by Tw^Z^rrlft 'Î t hV'"hmar
Uiked with a number of them inada. Urgent necessity exists foe carry their thirty mines in tube,
French and In English.	dealing with the northern railways In „„ submarine-laid mines have no horn
They were brought in with the Alberta, and It is to be hoped that the French wounded, in the same ambu- government of that province will fall lances and there was no discrimina- in line with the progressive spirit tion in the treatment of the French which has been adopted throughout
the remaining portions of Canada.”
on top)—it is sunk or exploded in the usual way. If it is of a new sort, s mine expert is sent for and the mine is brought back to the base for analytical purposes.
draw. The incident, which wa* in Dark things Iwould not call to mind, when on the way to a French ho.pl-1	My Wartime Garden.	| usT^that^nv^aÏ'UZf wTlTTor
part due to lack of support from Sir 1	good ale and home made tal in a F rench ambulance to be cared j In bygone days when war dogs slept, : The mine expert is usually rowed out
John Macdonald and his Government.	Bread,	'or by ? frenrh J°^°r at the «*’ My garden was so trimly kept;	to the floating mine which it is desir-
waa a fatal blow to the prestige of	And sea white sheet#	and pillows	panse of France,	if	they have a	free	\n bed and border treasures grew	tn ~\vm în „ *msn hnut en<1 LV>l^n
McDougall Early the next year peace spread.	hand, reach over	in	the car and	tear	of every	shape and every hue
restored and Manitoba entered And there is one who'll softly	creep	open the bandage	from a helpless
j To kiss me, ere I fall asleep,	Frenchman, hoping	that he	may bleed	But now Instead of gorgeous blooms
And tuck me ’neath the counterpane,	to death before he	reaches	the hospl-	And their delicious sweet perfumes,
I And I shall be a boy again	tal.	I" »een the strangest state of things
British ( olumbia was the nex did- wben j P0Tne home!	There have been a number of cases One of the changes wartime brings,
trict to join the Confederated Domin-	.	, . ,	.	,	,	-
Ion. The Hudson Bay Company in When I come home, from dark to rr»ne>iman,e	«ük	* ve columbine# and kidney >>ean*
‘«.h.dbj,.	H.h.	: ST» ÏÏSÆ"«SS
lea.ion of Vancouver, and the discov- And tread the roadways long and the lJeath 0f the Frenchman, ery of gold in British Columbia in the.	white,	A bov of 17 who was .hot in the
fifties caused the British Government	And tramp the lanes I	tramped of	ht,aU tM me he	had.not tasted	food
Canada's expansion from ocean £ I ^p.nyT'ft“ d™ The' company’s	And % the village greens once more,	h'JaS wltor"'	himtCl	My roses	I could hardly span
tBs 5r sAr a | fE£f! S S£a £SSîT'	: sua aa; »! -
matter of adding new territory, until, Douglas, was appointed. Hie control, Twill be good pay for what I've done, • mud and blood A French j I’ve artichokes where once I grew
wsiaüiffÆrtswi™ - =J5i_
withdrawn from the Quebec scheme in [ Quebec Conference, the Legists- Conservation, a Moral Issue.	f '*v"ns Kr’ni< N' **	Fvr prjde 0f piac# with cos and chive at »**' and iom€ kad a duramp peri
1866, has not yet seen fit to Join,, tjve Council In 1868 unanimously ex	The conservation Issues is a moral Carrier pigeons now came back and	scope attached to provoke a merchant
though negotiations have taken place	praseed the desire to join the	union,	issue. When a few men get poests-	brought the news that the French My	garden,	once	a place	of	dreams, man to ram, thinking he was ramming
at different times, which came to no Negotiations were begun, and on May	e$on of one of the necessities of life,	bad captured the high tower of Pinon,	! A sheer delight of color scheme*;	• submarine, when in reality he was
conclusion.	20, 1871, British Columbia became a	either through ownership of a natural	*bich wa® two and • half miles from	Instead of soothing wearied eyes,	blowing himself	up For a time the
In the same year in which the Do-	Province of the Dominion.	resource, or through unfair business	their starting point, together with ' The	inner	man	now	satisfies.	sea was made filthy with this hideous
minion was established, 1867, pro-	Though the conference at	Char-	methods, and use that control to ex-	about 5,000 prisoners and seventy-1	-+- trickery, but by this time merchant
ceedings were taken in the House of I lottetown was one of the main con- tort undue profits, as in the recent flve cannon.	I The Police Are Enforcing Feed Laws 'men are too wise to fall victims to
Commons for the purchase of the I federating influences, Charlottetown cases of the Sugar Trust and the beef The method of the French attack in All over Canada municipal police "urh devices Northwest Territory from the Hud- remained unmoved—a group Instance packers, they injure the average man dftail is as follows: The attacking > authorities are enforcing the food reg	~
son’s Bay Company. William Mo* ^ * prophet being unhonored at without good reason and they are division is brought up to within four f ulationa in a firm, vigorous manner.	In Dyeing Anything.
Dougall, who moved the resolutions	bame jn 1866 the Assembly there	guilty of a moral wrong. It does not	or flv* kilometers of the third line,1 They are also enforcing the	Antir	Remember, in	dyeing anything,	that
to this end, and George E. Cartier,	resolved against union because they	matter whether the undue profit comes	wher® %	and prepares for the	Loafing Law. There has been	a great to get	the	be*t	results	the	things	that
were sent to England and conducted believed that it could not be accom-	through stifling competition, by re-	attack. ammunition and artillery	improvement an the streets of most	7<>u dye must be	free from dirt Boll
the negotiations by which they as- pu,hed “on terms that would prove	bates, or other crooked devices,	wagons are going all night, bringing	Gf the Canadian titiea since this law	them clean in a	boiler of water ami
cured this vast inland empire from advantageous to the interests and	through corruption of business off!-	UP artillery and ammunition. This	waa phased Fines of $100 and costs	then rinse them	thoroughly in cleat
the “Great Company” for 11,600,000 ^*11 being of the people of this island,	dais, or through seizing and monopo-	takes a period of from one month to	Have been imposed in Calgary Mont-	cold water,
v Dougall was then i -«med as first separated as It is and ever must re- Rising resources which belong to the two months.	real, Victoria, Saskatoon, Toronto.
Governor, but he never reeehed his	main from the neighboring Provinces	people. The reeult is always the About a	week before the attack -	port Arthur, Ottawa, Regina,	Strat-
goal. He was met on the boundary,	by an Immovable, barrier of ice for	same—a toll levied on the coat of Hv-	which was	on Oct. 23, at the Chemin	forde and many other points	report
at Pembina, by a committee from the many months of the year.” By 1878 Ing through special privileges.	defl Dames—two holding attacking rages of fines and imprisonment.
Provisional Government set up by the the island was threatened with bank-	----+------- divisions are sent up to the lines, and
rebel half breed, Lou Si Reel, and after mptcy. through its new railway When you waste wheat you break they replace the division which has weeks of Muffing, compelled to with- ypdertakkigs, and waa ready to swept bread with the Kaiser.	been there. They occupy the first

and of the German wounded.
Yet in the face of this Germans,
THE GROWTH OF
OUR DOMINION
about ten yards from where the mine is bobbing up and down in the sea. he leaps overboard and swims to the mine. Then, with a monkey wrench he unscrews a circular piece at the side of the mine and takes out its primer. a job which is often made tremendously difficult if the mine has been in the water a long time and ia
was
Confederation
EXPANSION FROM ATLANTIC TO
>PACIFIO.
New Provinces Join
Factors Which Tend Toward the Beat Development of the Canadian
People.
IVa pea* next to the pansy bloom While Brussels sprouts surround the coated with razor-like barnacles. With broom

$
the primer out, the mine may be tow ed in to the base and finally brought up from the water and shipped away to an analytical station.
When the war was young, a great many trick mines were loosed at sea by the German*. Some of these were disguised a* innocent wreckage, many were made to look like barrels floating
f
But radishes sown with great care

ilf|vwawvi ¦ Cl	• 1 v	•	* ¦â'eii ' "1	V7I âv	* "I	* I lv	llvv ra§ IllcB	U J	III v j	¦	w	g	"I
20, 1871, British Columbia became a either through ownership of a natural which was two and a half miles from | Instead of soothing wearied eyes,
resource, or through unfair business tbt*r starting point, together
*

?
Give the cal
Mggmuggetole	for the
first two weeks, then feed part fot two weeks, then give all separator milk with oil meal added. Crushed oats and clover should be gtvea as seen as the ealvas will take it

Two English women on a Titsn
tractor plowed X8 acres ia a week.
V

%

4

WM V# ft
%

###PAGE###4###
mated value of seven hundred thousand dollars Itefore it was got under control.
The devastated section covers an area of two blocks and is bounded on the south by Pembroke street, on the north by Lake street, on the east and west by Alexander and Prince streets. It comprises the heart of the business centre of the town and contained many tine blocks "t buildings, all of which were utterly destroyed.
About sixty odd business men and property owners are affected b) the tire, some of the individual losses running up into many thousands of dollars.
About iVt families who occupied apartments over stores and business places were rendered homeless.
In a residential part of the town, fou^ blocks a wax, tire was carried by the wind and here another dangerous blaze raged till it had consumed ten houses. The residents of this section had to tight the tire without the tid of the brigade which was fully occupied with the main conflagration. Once it looked as if the whole town was doomed to destruction.
Fire-fighting apparatus was despatch ed from Renfrew and aided in subdue-ing the flames.
With characteristic enterprize the
business men xvho have su tiered are making preparations for re building.
THE EQUITY.
Motion Me Dowell and Hodgins -That Road Inspector Thomas Palmer visit Bristol-Clarendon town line, opj»o-site W. D. Daggs property, in conjunction with an inspector from Bristol. Carried.
Motion McDowell ami Hudgins That conn. Horner visit the pro|iosed line between lots No. 23 and i\ range 13, and report to this Council at its next session.—Carried.
Motion Hodgin* and Smiley That notice lie given in The Equity that all parties failing to pay dog tax before 'duly 1st will In* proceeded against as By law vs provides, and a tine ofSlOjX) im|»oscd for each infraction of by-law. -«'.il ied.
Motion Sinclair and Smiley—That the following bills W paid :
•Min Horner, damage to	3	sheep	#I#3.(15
Edward Hodgins, “	14	1	44	10.00
Thomas Argue, 44	44	3	44	4 1.00
Win. Hodgins, 44	4	9	4*	00.00
Donald McRae, fixing scraper,
Bert Hodgins, 1 bag potatoes to
d. Kennedy,
W. A. Hodgins, l bag of flour to
d. Kennedy,
Motion Hodgins and Horner—That Mis. Boltert Burrows be mid $1:1 i**r month for the keep of dohn Craig.— Carried.
Motion to adjourn Barber and Hodgins.—Carried.
SHAWVILIE, JUNE 27,19IS.
While the Austrians have Wvn making little progress in their terrific efforts to smash the Italian front in order to gain the fertile plains that lie Ivyoud, a more formidable foe is gnawing at the vitals of the nation behind the lines. Hunger, gaunt and pitiless, is becoming in active ally in contributing to the disintegration of the onve powerful empire of the llapsburgs.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Military Service Act, 1917.

Men 19 and 20 Years of Age.
Harvest Leave.
Leave of Absence on Ground of Extreme Hardship.
Procedure to obtain Leave cf Absence.
The acreage sown to wheat in the prairie provinces total * 15,ISM!,300 acres against 13,619,410 acres last year ; to <iat> 9,767,000 acres as against 8,569,500 acres, and to barley 1,845,500 acres as against 1,850,000 acres. To wheat Manitoba has sown 2,618,(XX) acres ;
(Saskatchewan 9,222,000 and Alberta 3,356,300 acres. Vndcr oats the acreages are : for Manitoba 1,500,000 ; for Saskatchewan 4,602,000 and for Alberta 2,('?$.%000, whilst for barley Manitoba has 715,oooacivs, Saskatchewan 6G3,5oo Urges All to Join in Prayer on
is
75
1.25
Men Nineteen and Twenty Years of Age.
It has conic to the attention of the Government that there is a widespread impression that young men of nineteen years, and those who became twenty since October 13, 1917, as well as those who may become nineteen from time to time and who have been or will be called upon to register under the Military Service Act, are to be immediately called to the colours.
This impression is quite incorrect. No date has yet been fixed for calling upon such men to so report for duty, nor has the question been brought before the Cabinet for decision. In view of the need of labour on the farm, it is most unlikely that consideration will be given to the matter until after the harvest is over, although of course the Government's action must be determined primarily by the military situation.
There is no further obligation incumbent upon young men of the ages above mentioned who have registered or who do so hereafter, until they receive notice from the Registrars.
Harvest Leave.
Some enquiries have been received as to the possibility of granting harvest leave to such troops as may be in the country at that time. No definite assurance can be given on this point as advantage must be taken of ships as they become available. On the other hand, harvest leave will be given if at all
possible.
Leave of Absence on Grounds of Extreme Hardship.
It is desired that the Regulations resecting leave of absence in eases of hardship should be widely known and fully understood. Such leave will be granted in two cases:— (a) where extreme hardship arises by reason of the fact that the man concerned is either the only son capable of earning a livelihood, of a father killed or disabled on service or presently in service overseas, or in training for such serv ice, or under treatment after returning from overseas ; or the only remaining of two or more brothers capable of earning a livelihood (the other brother or brothers having been killed or disabled on service, or being presently in service "overseas, or in training for overseas or under treatment after his or their return from overseas); brothers married before 4th August, 1914, living in separate establishments and having a child or children not to be counted, in determining the fact that the man is the “only” remaining son or brother; (b) where extreme hardship arises by reason of exceptional circumstances such as the fact that tli ' man concerned is the sole support of a widowed mother, an invalid father or other helpless dependents.
It is to be noted that in all these cases the governing factor is not hardship, loss or suffering to the individual concerned, but to others, that is, members of his family or those depending upon him.
Procedure to obtain leave of absence.
A simple system for dealing with these cases has been adopted. Forms of application have been supplied to every Depot Battalion and an officer of each battalion has been detailed whose duty it is to give them immediate attention. The man concerned should on reporting to his unit state that he desires to apply for leave of absence on one or more of the grounds mentioned and his application form will then be filled out and forwarded to Militia Headquarters, Ottawa. In the meantime, if the ease appears meritorious, the man will be given provisional !r>ave of absence for thirty days so that he may return home and continue his civil occupation while his ease is being finally disposed of.
Issued by Department of Militia and Defence,
Department of Justice.
K. T. Hodgins, Stv.Trvas
Sunday next
UTvs and Alberta 467,000 acre*
Sunday next, June 30, lms liven set
Our Amei in friends are keeping I Aside by the Dominion Government as
very quiet as to how far operation» 1iave il *9 « VW* Hl'd interwwimi on he-
•hall oi the Allies d ;i nation wide res
l»»»nM» i> uticipated. Sit Geot Foe waters of the German C-boat menace, j ter, the acting Prime Minister, has tele
which demonstrated its destructive |graphed the Premiers of each of the
Canadian provinces urging them t<> fend all assistance possible to bring the people of Canada, regardless of creed, to-quate measures were l*mg taken to ^ther in prayer. A day of a similar
fully meet the situation; but apart character was proclaimed in the Tinted
from the reitorts that two or three ad- States a month ago, but the Govern-
«litioiial vessels had been sent to the ”,e*,t ofCanada aecidtal to defer the ,	»	.	•	i- i	date until June 30, as it was considered
tt>»m by the pirates, nothing has trail- Oiat tjR. vve t)f our country's birthday
>pired to indicate that the enemy craft Dominion Day was a more fitting oc-
had been accounted for, or that they casion for the purpose.
District Schools
succeeded in ridding contiguous coast
Jink Kxams
No. 10, Bristol. Jessie Horner, Berna
Grade VII.-dette Gallagher tirade VI. Anastatia McKee, Louisa Hazard.
Grade V. Edythe Horner, El va Corrigan, abs.; Joseph Murphy, aba.
Ethel Sharpe, Myrtle
Moore, Ida Lahey, Clifton Corrigan, James McKee, abs.
Grade III. Vreda Sharpe, Gertrude Horner, Pearl Hazard, Mervin Corri-
powers in that region a few weeks ago It was announced at the time that ade
Grade l\
gan
Grade II.—Christina Doherty, Willie
McKee.
Grade 1, Sr. -Charles Budd, Flora Caldwell, Willie Smith.
Grade I, Jr.—Merlin McKee, Rachel Shan*', hennis Sharpe, Ebert Sharin'. Prize for regular attendance — Ger-
had withdrawn from their new field of
action. It is accepted as a fact, how |gecure gjg Features ever, that the invaders were of a char-	0
ader and tonnage which would enable I	OttftWR, Exhibition.
them to remain at sea for a comparatively lengthy iperiod Wfore returning to their base (wherever that may I*1) md that being #0, they could be reck
ined "U a- ships <>t war almost a* for-1special attractions ever b""k<«l for
the Exhibition,” was the optimistic state ment made by Mr. J. K. Paisley, secret-
ai x and manager of the t Central < Canada quarters and hurling destruction 111 *>n | Exhibition who, with the chairman of
Atlantic coast towns
Midway will be Better than I rude Horner
Ever, says Manager.
11 We have secured the strongest bill
For Sale
midable as light surface going cruisers, capable of looming up in unexpected
1 Driving Horse, 1 Single Buggy, Cutter and Harness.
1 Cream Separator (new); 1 upright Steam Boiler & Engine (about 3 h. p.)
A quantity of Steam Piping, Valves and Connections, also Pipe Wrenches, etc.
1 Babc<K-k Milk Tester, with glassware.
1 set of Double Beam Scales.
Doubt less the | the special attractions committee, has
just returned from New York.
Halifax military authorities had such a contingency in view when they began setting their house in order some days
“ The acts came high but we closed for the best of them, said Mr. Paisley.
“ The contracts are all signed and we have eliminated any act which might have to be cancelled owing to members being drafted or which might be refused
admission to Canada owing to their 11 large Table with four drawers nationality. The Hippodrome is now The Austrian drive on the Piave I closed and we were successful in book
Hiver, ended most disastrously on Smv I	mtt‘le lhe Ugge*1 hits
.	.	,	,	.	there during the ilast season.
day, when the Italian and Allied troops	The |tjg comedy success at the H p I	I	Awning with iron framework	to at-
drove the invaders back across the	podmme was Fhe Furniture Moi	tach to front of store.
river with great slaughter and loss of	one of the most laughable acts evei ut |	l	large section of Tent Canvas,	and a
war material and prisoners, the latter 100 ^ *ta*fe*	ideally fitted "i
, . , . \	,	own-air presentation. Fhe trick horses
estimated at forty-five thousand.	‘
ago
2 Box Stoves w ith quantity of Pipes
Austrians Lose 45,000 in Prisoners.
I Writing Desk, several Office Chairs. I Counter with drawers.
2 round Water Tanks
number of smaller articles
?.......	,n,	........I	JS
bring matters to a elimax in Austria,	ror the big sensation, Nicholas Chef-1 £gth and 29th.
where unrest and dis >ntent have been I‘ l°°Pi death
trap and leaping the gap at t on a Li
cycle. Cliefalo is one of the most daring of the dare devils.
An es|*ecially attractive offering will be Six Submarine Girls in a novel diving act. They use a large gas tank.
B. Damerest will present his racing
thoroughbreds high jlimiter, and high
school horse, all handled by lady riders.
This is really a wonderful act and is one “ In connection with the recent pub-1 of the best in the summer jmrks. lished returns, covering the operations Aphdales %oo, trained horses, dogs of the Military Service Act, it is evident and monkeys : the Four Readings in a from some of the comment in the press sensational casting act and Hardy, the that the form in which the statement I high wire king, are among the other was made out has led to misunder-(acts booked, standing as to the total number of men obtained in relation to the 100,000 reinforcements authorized by the statute.
“ The total numljer of men obtained by the machinery of the Military Service Act up to June 19 was 57,295, to which may be added for the purpose of determining the number of men available, 16,807, who have re;sorted volun-¦ i l>
R. W. HODGINS
growing apace of late
Shaw ville, June 17, 1918
Only 57,295 Draftees Obtained
by M. S. Act.
Hew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
The following statement was issued last Friday by the Department of Militia and Defence :
Latest Fixtures and Equipment Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and
Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
Stop The Losses
Arrangements were also made for the riding devices and midway shows. “ We will have a new midway, better than before,” said Mr. Paisley.
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : 44 I had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cun', and I SB free from
No charge for Policy Fee. I all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : 411 was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times QUEBEC I unable to work. Two bottles of your
remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Platmt St, HI lino I Renfrew, writes : 14 I was troubled for (iLUBSi I	indigestion and tried all kinds
I of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.”
Mr. D. M.
Minutes of Clarendon Council
INSURANCE
Shawville, June 4, 1918.
A regular session of the Clarendon “ The statement in detail on June 19 |Council was held on the above date in follows :
44 Number re;sorting as ordered 48,57-5 44 Number reporting late or appre bended as defaulters 4 Defaulters (non-registrants) ap preb ended......................
Hynes Hall, Shawville Present
and Councillors Bert Hodgins, W. I McDowell, Thoe. Smiley, Matt Sinclair, W. T. Barber and Alex. Horner.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of couns. Barber and
Mayor Fred W. Thomas,
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
A Farmer often losses enough on a single sale of Cattle on the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to I>ay for a
12,537
>
COMPANIES.
7,350
Renfrew Truck Scale
. 68,402 Smile)
Total .	.	.
44 Deduct number discharged or on leave ....................
I Motion—Sinclair and Hodgin»—That H 167 coun. Smiley advise George Robitaille ' where to build his fence on west side of 57,295 his lot, and also have a railing put on road side on north side of creek.— ( ferried.
Motion—McDowell and Hodgins —
>inted road Dagg (re-
call or write for Rates ami Particulars
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
BRBCKBNRIDOE
The only way to stop lor ses is to weigh everything you sell and everything you buy, and the handiest Scale for the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
¦¦jeggSCALE----------
Weighs anything and everything from 1 lb. to 2,000 lbs
Balance
44 Add number voluntarily re porting.......................
16,807
That Joseph Kilgour be apj*
foreman instead of George T.________
signed) and that conn. Sinclair secure a man instead of W. C. Harris, also resigned.—Carried.
Motion—Sinclair and Hodgins—That this Council accept the offer of Mai les Cowley for a certain sand pit for the sum of twenty-five dollars for road pur-
and
Pembroke has $700.000 Fire. | coun. Barber have an agreement signed.
-
Motion— Hodgins and McDowell — That James Judd and Hurst H lie appointed to cull and measure at James Judd’s, and that S. Barber and the Secretary be appointed for cedars on the 44 V ” at Shawville.—Carried.
Total
74,102
“ It should also be borne in mind that the total on any given day is subject to substantial deductions owing to the considerable number of men who, shortly after reporting, are placed in a lower medical category and returned to civil life.”
TIME OF MEETING :
Robertson, Renfrew writes : u I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shawville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta wa ; or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage.
Cream Separators, Truck and Household Scales, Gasoline and Kerosene Engines, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws, Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Frie* tien Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps, Pump Jackets, Hangers, Bearings, Wood Pulleys, Bolting;
Two second-hand Separators at a bargain.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
The town of Pembroke experienced the worst fire scourge in its history last week. The foa flag ration started about 6.30 Tuesday evening and, fanned by a strong wind, progressed during the night, eating up ;»roperty to an esti-
H. E. MITCHEM
origins
Agent
227156
###PAGE###5###
wt
THE EQUITY,
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Vi 1 Inge of Bhawyllle,
Public Notice in hereby given to the ratepayer* of the village of Shaw ville, that a meeting of the sa!d ratepayer* will he held in Hynes* Hall. Shawtllle, at ten o'clock on Monday. July 8th. 1918, lor the purpose of electing a school commissioner in the room and stead of com. U, A. Howard whose term of office will then have expired.
lilven at Shaw ville this 20th day of J une, 1018,
810603
Canadian Food Boahd License Number
4 Weekly Journal devoted to loom Interests.
Published every Thereda jr
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
When you require Printing*
call at

evshcription, #1 a Year in Advance
tw All arrears must be paid up before %njr piper is discontinued.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Nothing* gets so Close to a Man as His Underwear.
Are tt|ere any men in this district wlio lil^e fine Underwear ? If so we want to see them.
O
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for |*t Insertion and 5 cent* per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
E. T. HODOINS.
Sec.-Tress.
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
FOR SALE
• f
1 Surrey, almost new 1 Buggy, second-hand 3 Cream Separators, second hand
1 2-year old Colt by
J. L. Ill)
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
Carabin
DGINS,
Shaw ville.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Steer Astray
Strayed from pasture in Litchfield u two-year old steer, mostly white, with some black about head. Une hind hock joint puffed, he thankfully received.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Order» by mail
Information about him will
•cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
MERINO—A medium heavy line with a soft nap 75c a garment.
BALBRIGGAN-A light weight line, cool and HERVE OF BOBBIES
.JOHN STEWART.
R R No. 1, Shaw ville.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOHN A.COWAN,
Publisher
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Professional Cards.
* comfortable, 65c. a garment.
Police Display Thoroughness That Astonishes Colonials.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Custom Sawing".
SURGEON DENTIST
• Quk.
Women who select their Neckwear now will get New Styles.
Campbell* Rat •
-Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
London of Today a Marvel, Forming Ont of the Most Important War Centers of Entire World.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
A Rhodesian who has arrived In England to “Join up," after service In the three campaigns undertaken by the South Africans, assures me of his astonishment at the tact and thoroughness exhibited In the dally work of military police, says a writer in Westminster Gazette. The London of today is, Indeed, a never-ending map* rel to the colonial soldier. It forms one of the most Important military centers of the world. It Is Inhabited by a floating population drawn from one of the most cosmopolitan armies in history—an army, too, that Is In no way remarkable for the gentleness of Its flghtl ifoot
friend phrased it, “the whole mob about on Its business and its pleasures like a small flock of contented sheep with a couple of well-trained dogs behind them.” _ ,
Things were not always managed that way in the early days of the forces raised by the dominions in the Irst year of war. My informant illustrates the contrast with an Incident that came under his notice while his •eg!ment lay Intrenched at Swakop-Tiund daring the “German Southwest" campaign. One morning the
.....	. , .	. •	,	.	,	...	, men of the Union advanced posts saw
QUE. will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity i ippn)aehing them from the desert
three living skeletons, who staggered ike drunken men as they groped their way blindly through the fur-incc
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
The styles embrace Sailors, Sports, Billy Burkes ; also low and embroidered Collar and Cuff sets. In such sheer materials as Georgette, Crepe de Chine, Satin, Peque and Silk Repp.
S. A. MACK A Y
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-- ments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
If
ir
NOTARY PUBLIC •
- - Que.
II
II
Shawvllle,
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
Reasonable prices - - 50c. to $1.25.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUK.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
ng methods when the game’s Yet, as my South African
G. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
roes
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
IT*
Aivooatei Barrister» *c
MARKET FOR
196 Main St. - Hull.
PULPWOOD
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m. Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m.
Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, |». in. Av Waltham 8.30, p. ra.
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) u 9.00, a. m.
Lv Ottawa	“ (C) 12.55, p. in.
Lv Ottawa	44 (B) 4.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m.
Lv Ottawa 44	(A) 6.40, a. m.
Lv Ottawa
Lv Ottawa 44	(A) 3 30, p m.
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. ra.
Lv. Ottawa 44
Ottaw a—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12 25, p. m.
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a. ra.
Explanation of *igna :—(A) Daily. (B) Daily except ^Sunday. (C) Saturday
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY
The Highest Market Price
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed •iiesday and Shawville every Saturday.
(B) 8.45, a. m.
of sand. A comrade lay he)p-a pille or so behind^ too far çoge to walk. He was brought In fa ter,
PULPWOOD
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
101 MAIN ST ,
Will attend Courts and Business in the JO. N. R. R & 11W&y 8
District of Pontiac,
jnconscious, but still alive. The four
To be delivered at sidings along the 0. P. R. and j	‘of
Jeath to the grim certainty of a cruel ind galling captivity, and hod man-igcd to escape from their Jailers un 1er cover of darkness, without food and, for the most part, 1 without water, they had traveled | only, some hundreds of miles—from one end of the vast territory to the Mher. Almost naked, the Ice-cold winds of night had crippled them, hun-had robbed them of their strength, and thirst had all but driven them to madness. They had escaped 1>y the boih veng And an officious greeted them on
British lines with the order that they not to loiter In the streets of
(B) 4.45, p. m.
HULL
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
Practically
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction or parties.
.162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
gcr
PONTIAC
MOTOR ASSOCIATION
Bhe wing
skip of thdr teçtn” from eful IJun add prowling flora ppltary policeman their arrival In the
Hull.
GEORGE HYNES
IS THE WORLD'S BEST CHEW
were the town!
“Up Again!"
When we wore little shavers, toddling about the house and went down on the floor or the ground because our feet could not keep up with our ambition to run and “get there" right off grandmother, a lovely old down East | lady, would sing out to us: “Up again ! Never mind! That didn’t hurt yon 1 I Up ngsln !" So np again we would Jump, all the hurt gone. Just because grandmother cheered us to try It over again, writes Vincent in Farm Life.
Sara Jones has had the luck of bad crops two or three years. Things have seemed against him. But he has been as brave as a lion. No frost can ever come that froze the smile from hie face or withered the hope In his heart I And he Is right at It this year. Just as If he had bad the best of luck all through the years.
But I wonder who of his neighbors has been down to sing out to Sam: «Up again, old man ! This is all right ! Ton’ll come out all right—can’t help
It is manufactured tobacco in its purest form.
It has a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man’s use.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Pjrsonal ittention.Openallhours.
ANNUAL MEETING ; | will take place at 3 o’clock, p. m. on
Saturday, June 29th, 1918
at Shawville.
ALL ARB WELCOME.
II!
A
UNDERTAKING

and EMBALMING

I
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All call» will receive prompt per
sonal attention
The Trotting Stallion
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
DIRECTUM’S POSTER
J. L. HODGINS
Help the Good Roads Movement
along by your presence.
Will be at the
°-	mSthTtTJ. Russell House Stables
lB' '”iUo.^Secy N" | during the present season
for anyone desiring his
services.
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
O
it r
K. 8. H. Workman, W. M.
I don’t know of anybody that haa had time to look np from hla own hoeing and plowing and digging long enough to do that; It's a shame, tool Coroe on! Lets go down right now
Terms : $10 for season ; $l»|»nd cheer Sem up « bill Maybe we
give him	too.
All the world will be the brighter for
TEACHER WANTED
l
TEACHER WANTED
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each
Herb Honours,
W.M
One Protestant, qualified Teacher wanted for School No. 1 of the Village of Campbells Bay. Applicants state grade < >f diploma, experience, and salary
expectadLmgglggl|*l*g|
ng Elementary Diploma School, to teach ten
Teacher holdi for Davidson months ending June 30, 1919. For particulars apply to
Reg. Ho do ins, Secy.
MPTLY 8ECUR
to insure.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
W. Cm op. in Coin
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S ADV18RR,which will be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
3S4 University 8U Montréal.
SEC. TREASURER, Davidson P. O., Que.
It after that—to 8am and to you and
LAWRENCE E. SMITH,
*"	Sec.-Treas
N. R. BROWNLEE,
Rko. Honours. Com. Scribe.
writee Vincent In Farm Life.
RUSSELL HOUSE. SHAWVILLE ,t0
###PAGE###6###
THE BANNER OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE
CANADA BEFORE CONFEDERATION
f
A Vital Necessity • In Peace or War
The Growth of the Colony Coder the I'nion Jack Until It Acquired the Proud Status of a “Dominion** in
the British Empire.
The Flag That Flies Over One Quarter of the Human Race and
One-Fifth of the Surface of the World.
The operations of Water-Power end Publie Utility Oem-panlee are a vital neoeaeHy to the industrial and social welfare of Canada, and are a* essential In time# of peace
When the capitulation of Montreal I inion.
The terms on which New or 1760 was confirmed there were in’ Brunswick and Nova Scotia came into Canada about 40,000 French descend, the compact showed that they had ants. I.ater came another 40,000, realised how important the Inter, the Loyalists from the revolted Colon- colonial Railway would be. Its sub-j. But these were scattered in sequent history, whatever one may Nova Scotia, New Brunswick ami say of collective versus private own. what later became Ontario. Both ership, has fully Justified the foreraces had to work for extension sight of the easterners then. In 1850 through what was practically virgin there were only fifty miles of railway forest. Mow they did it is a tale too in the old Province of Canada. But vast and too heroic to be fully told the Grand Trunk was commenced, and in a newspaper article
Yet what were the c mmercia! and respectable total of three thousand other conditions in the years just pre. miles, including the fine Victoria ceding Confederation? It was re-1 bridge at Montreal, which for the first marked that the united Provinces time linked up the American systems flourished in all except politics. Trade I with Canadian lines, had begin to grow with a rapidity
which it has rarely been surpassed The Cunard line of steamships was even since
THE SOUTHERN CANADA POWER COMPANY, LIMITED e Water Power & Public Utility Company—1 control# water powers capable of 100,000 H P development, and supplies light and power to over 46 munldpallti the Eastern Townships and vicinity.
S3
in
lei
These sre two of our reasons for recommending the S% BONDS OF THE SOUTHERN CANADA POWER COMPANY, LIMITED, which we are offering with a bonus of common • participating
took thus giving Investors an opportunity of In the future success of the Company.

Send for ¦ pedal circular, and map showing territory


by Confederation there was the highly

wm
served
' WB kA»-——
& '
N
loiDi mat mm rune
As in steam railroads, so on sea
Nesbitt, Thomson & Company
Investment Bankers
Mercantile Trust Bldg.
222 St. James Street
inaugurated by a Nova Scotian,
Samuel Cunard, who had been a suc.	ceseful builder of wooden ships in the
"During the quarter of a century ( Maritime Provinces. At the suggee- The Union Jack. Symbolising Three Centuries of History, Combines that elapsed between 184l’ and 18<>7, tion of Hon. Joseph Howe he tendered	Crosses of St George, St. Andrew and St Patrick,
the crucial period of national develop and secured the mail contract for the T. -
ment,M remarks tiourinot, “an indus- transatlantic passage. His vessel, 1 he na* under which the British ed.” In each arm we s*e the two trious population flowed steadily into the Britannia, started the first steam *.r™y !8 ^ffhting is not the Red En- crosses lying side by side and proper-the country, the original population maq service from Liverpool on July 4, "J*11 °/.	0 mercantiIe marine, nor yet ly of equal widths. In the opposite
became more self-reliant and pursued i^o.	the whlt* ®nsign of the British navy, arm the white becomes red and the
their vocations with renewed energy, \n the same period the development + lI?,e Vnion J*ck> that we see “can- red becomes white. This is what is and confidence increased on all sides 0f shipping on the Great Lakes took tonet (to hurrow a word from the meant by counter changing. When in the ability of the Provinces to hold piace gy	there was a good Rn*u**e of heraldry) on the upper the two crosses were thus placed side
their own against the competition of steam river service from Niagara to cor?er nearest the staff of the red by side, the red cross of St. Patrick a wonderfully enterprising	neighbor. ! Quebec, as all readers of William : ensiflrn wilh which we are most famil-: fell on the blue field and it became
Cities, towns and villages were built Dean Howells know. In fact, in ar*	necessary to resort to another fifbrta-
up with a rapidity not exceeded on travel the coming of Confederation A* befit# perhaps the most vener- tion to avoid color on color. Hence September 1 1864 the other side of the (American) synchronized wifJi the going of the|able fla* among the nations of the the narrow white strip separating the	" F . * _
border. In those days Ontario be- 0i<j suge coach and all it meant.	world, a flag which has left its im ! red Part of each arm from the blue	ed 1 rovyices sent delegate*, but the
came the noble Province that she now	s	.	print on the American Stars and #* 1 d Then over all again was plac- oldest colony in the Empire, New
ia by virtue of the capacity of her	‘	C "	Stripes and on the flags of the British ed the cross of St George, with its found land, was not rs presented. Tuk- fin*!,y ah,aped:
people for self-government, the energy hon stl11 niore important «as the Dominions and colonies, the Union white fimbriation. This produced the jn j t t . Canadian historv , T,	"	estminster Conference at
of her industrial classes, the fertility *	*	1!,alion which free primary edu. jacjc ^as a long and complicated his-1 Union Jack of to-day. It is officially .	. .	.	London in December, 1866, comprised
of her soil, and the superiority of her cat^on brought. The year 18,0 is tory Other nations have “scrapped” described as follows:	.	! 1 mi8* e sait tbat tbe conference	of	delegates from	the Canadas, New
|of conditions' Povaliy the world s turning point their former emblems, and set up new Azure: The Saltire* of St. Andrew	was one of “bonne entente” more than,	Brunswick	and Nova Scotia,	drafted
in this. H waa about that year that onvfl during the changes of their his-1 and St. Patrick, quarterly per saltire,	of detail. Mr. A. H. U. Colquhoun	tbe British North America act from
Graat Britain, Y ran, e, Germany and tory. The Union Jack, on the con- counterehanged, argent and gules;	remarks in his book, “The Fathers of	the resolutions adopted at Quebec In
(Italy m Europe, with several of th« trary, can trace its descent to those • the hitter fimbriated of the second;	nConfederation,”: “The Charlottetown	October, 1864. • The	British Govern-
I United States and some of the Re, dim times when knights rode in the I surmounted by the Cross of St.	Conference was an essential part of	ment was now a thorough convert to
1(T.	..	,	. .	, .	, publics of South America adopted lists ; when the Cross of St. George George of the third, fimbriated as the the proceedings which culminated at tbe °f tb* union, and Cartier was
The Maritime industry of the low- free and compulsory education for all. 8t00(, r(yJ against a white fleld| and last.	Quebec. The ground had been broken. ! to tell the people of Montreal a
er Provinces, the same genial chron- Indeed it has been claimed that Nova new victorious among the arrows of	Other British Flag*	The leaders in the various Provinces few Months afterwards how loyally
« ?#n COntJ’Ue,i ' wet vvel	thBn^	,?ar,eu*,	rpe!'' Aglncourt; when the flag of Britain The Union Jack has a top and • had	formed	tie.	of	intimacy	and	the delegate, had been supported
oped moat encouragingly, and Nov. led the civilised world in this	parti- m#t "Bright St. Andrew’, Cross", bottom. The vrosa of St. Andrew friendship,	and favorably	impressed	“It Is a great source-I will not s.y
no	kP	t :'°m,merC'v	mlrme	,yst?m was b'Kun there In of Scotland in mortal combat. I came in before the cross of St. Pat-	each other."	of pr,de-but e great source of en-
Scottish	settler,	had lent back good	then to avoid many of their error,, so So here is the story of the Union white flag with the red cross of St
report, and personal influence in a that, combined with the stability Jack, containing In I ta carefully George and the Union Jack occupies clannish race did as much then aa which Canada enjoyed as a part of modulated striping, the whole history 1 the upper canton next the staff Provincial propaganda later. In Ire-1 the British Umpire, there was estab of a united Britain. It is a story of Thus In Flanders to-day the British land there were economic conditions lished a confidence which soon invited heraldic terms and details, but if you soldier, if he is from Old England after the potato famine of 1848, which - investment of money within the Prov- read it. you will know how to hang g(e, floating above him the cross of benefited the Canadian Provinces, as Inces. Thh has not ceased to-day, the flag from your house, and what gt. Gcoree a, the Scotchman sees the the Irish settlements in Montreal, St. and it is possible that after the	war i, more, you will not reverse it, nor cross of St. Andrew as the Irishman
John and Halifax attest. About the experience will still more be	that yet hang it upside down as a signal ,eee the cross of that venerable saint '
sixties the larger Engl.rh Influx be- "tr.de follow, the flag.	of distress.	: who banished the snake from his na-|
gaa, when artisans rather than farm All this may be “as a thr.ee told The flrst "Union Jack" was adopted tive heath
in 1606 soon after the union of Eng-
Eæœ ' mS
the common abbreviation for Jacobus , ft it t nn	* Ana,i^Qa “*| a® to wba* went on in the chamber, ! Ion control cannot now be told. It
or James. The Union Jack combined M n A • JF f hut the facts have since become prêt- » long story of the gradual fitting the ancient flag of England, the red ,, . nothin* bul RM VnU'm ih* ty wel1 known. The gossipy, charm- two sets of machinery to each oth-
IHHi
r,r	ïïs «N... -	!	„hv ^ sstjs: •
tSWl'rsE--: ####### ÜES1B1
¦se***
or dée.	----;	---------- ------— Canadian Provinces had to organise that, instead of causing friction, the
The Dominion” of Canada. the name “Kingdom” suggested too a union, subject to a supreme Execu- actual limitations have become a bond It was	only after much discussion soaring an ambition, the term “Dora-	tive, Legislature and Judicature,	sentiment and obligation; they
of the question and after changing inion” seemed rather humble.	In	all of which already existed. The	farm that unuttered something which
AM bloody storms oft mark’d hat thsir minds more than once, that the fifty one yeera Canada has made it a executive supremacy of the Queen, *,ve* the apt link of love to Kipling's growth of years.	Fathers of Confederation decided to term of dignity, one that the daughter the legislative power of the Imperial ^nei:
, But with that fn <h of Home, and trust, <*11 the	union they formed a Do- States of BriUin throughout the	Em-	Parliament, and the judicial functions	“Daughter am I in my mother’s house
n (,od	minion.	Sir John Macdonald was in P*re have been proud to adopt.	The	of the Privy Council remained unaf-	But mietreas in my own/
He way was ^ uud s/n fav»re of calling it a Kingdom, says self-governing communities of Greater * -    -'--- _!	¦ ¦ ¦
shone through the tears	i The Mail and Empire. In Britain are now all “Dominions.” That WAS A MEMORABLE DAY Canada, then in its infancy
_	, some of the drafts of the bill which term of distinction differentiates them	_ speech from the throne was delivered
So «tends tt'-day our monument of finally issued from the Imperial Par- ^om the "colonies." Nsw Zealand June 14th 77 Years Ago Parliament bY W# Excellency, Lord Sydenham.
wJMw	- ,<••— - -	tskstssi
ram sea to sea,	authorized to declare by proclamation was reorganised some years ago and ; June 14th was a memorable day published its first extra in Kirr ron. %,
Abo*# sons ay are standing side that the provinces in question “shaH * Dominions branch was established | in the history of Canada and King- The guard of honor to the Governor-
^	^	form and be one united dominion un	_?___	for it was on this day, 1841, just General was furnished by the 24th
>n blood stains fields to do or die der the name of the Kingdom of	77 years ago, that the sitting of the Regiment,
f r	Canada	It we* in London, England, that the | first Parliament of Canada waa held
•'Dominion” was the term finally Fathers of Confederation met in 18671 in the email frame building next UT adopted, not because it wn* altogether - 51 years ago—in e room of the I St. Paul's Church, Queen #L, King satisfactory, but because it we* less Westminster Palace Hotel, which is *ton. In this building, which is still open to misunderstanding. To some r.ow in its club capacity inhabited by intact end occupied, the members of minds the name Kingdom might sug many Cü.v.Jfons of the C.E.F. There| the Parliament of Canada went into geet the idea of separation. but if v Lorn ill? Dominion of Canada.
Limited
Hamilton
Montreal
Coming of the Settlers
the
CANADA’S CONSTITUTION IN THE MAKING
At the Westminster Conference, Held in London, in December,
1866, the Idea of Union Took Shape in The
British North America Act.
The Charlottetown Conference met ' ferted by the union, and thie to some ¦¦¦¦¦ All the Invit- extent simplified the work.”
The London Conference It was in London that the act was
i
climate” —a summary written over twenty years ago, whose exactitude in every detail is only emphasized to-day.
The Maritime industry
“Provincial Rights” Battle To understand clearly whst has become known as the “Provincial rights” fight, it is well to recall that one of the impelling causes of the Confédéré-tive movement was the fear that “State” right would run wild as It believed i* had in the United States, causing, some thought, the Civil War. In the constitution of 'the United States the powers not specifically delegated to the Federal Government at Washington are within the Jurisdiction of each State, was the effort of the Canadian stitution. Any powers not specifically given to Provinces are reserved to the Dominion

was
“That the best interests and the present and future prosperity of British North America will be promoted by a Federal union under the Crown of Great Britain, provided such union can be effected on principles just to the several Provinces.M
I
The contrary
con-
An Historic Gathering
It was a momentous gathering in thie has resulted not merely in the the old building in Quebec, now de- *low evolution of Provincial Parlia-molished. The thirty-three were in mente, Provincial courts of law and deep earnest about their work. Their other departments, and how the ap a Melons were held in secret. At the parent duplication of some of this time a good deal of rumor ran around *rork had to go on under the Domin-
Government. How
•rt came in to the growing eastern tale,” but its recapitulation can only cities.	tend to fuller consideration at this
Perhaps it is not often enough re- time of what it was that went to the cognized how closely the date of Con- making of the twentieth century federation coincided with that of the Canada, with which we are all con-blossom time of railways in the Dorn | earned
Outgrowths of the Union Jack
To the


con-

WOOL
The way
lengthy, and the path
untrod.
"*• «M# «Mr
%*L
*25%
The
t7£

cs

r
3S5
be
1
Robert Partridge.
SMOKE ris< m IIS
ORINOCO
is Dominion shell be also from


the one
flood unto the world's end.”
the

CUT FINI
FOR CIO
\R • I IS*.
session to carry on the business of
.
###PAGE###7###

MERCHANTS BANK
tu»”
Blood Drops of Heron.
When the woods at Kilmorie are scarlet and gold.
And the vines are like blood on the. The orlrlael Bobber ratty- It repelre wall.	Hot Water Bottles; Punctures; Bicycle,
°, „ v.......... —- ~...... .
fifth, shows a continuation of the re-	•	*	couldn’t afford to give him to you. Do three excellent meals for 42 cents. If
markable progress which has attend- When the woods at Kilmorie are sear- y°u want a colt so very badly ?”	the soldier takes advantage of these
ed the career of this Bank for many	jet an,| gold>	“I’d rather have a colt than any- hostels for meals it will leave him the
! years past, and particularly since the j 8ee but the beauty of God,	thing else in the world,” said Willie. | whole of his pay of 36 cents, or more,
ln*, °f W1T' JhUB lhe t°ow ! Not the small ways of men, and the “Then,” said his uncle, I II tell you ' according to the branch of the service 1140 917*44	..	“T liLh	mean faiths they hold,	what you ought to do. Since you want he is in, as pocket money.
$121,130 559 in HU?1 and $96 361,363 Like the blind worm under the clod;! H co,t that much you ought to pray
in 1916, and this growth is entirely But the brave and the true, , *or one« Whenever I want a thing I part of a plan to Improve gradually “Grocery butter is so unsatisfac-due to the confidence of the thrifty Who knew but to do,	always pray for it, and then it ia sure but consistently the financial position tory, dear,” said Mrs. Youngbride, “I
Canadian public, as exhibited in a Like those glorious banners of God, i to come to me.”	of the soldier and his dependents. decided to-day that we would make
constantly exptnc’mg volume of de- Arrayed on His hills, or at rest on "I* that so, uncle?” said Willie,	-------^-------- our own.”
posits. The interest-bearing deposits	His mold,	j eagerly. “Won’t you please give me
fiL Q^,J^crchnn,t8 Bank fre ,n0W When the woods at Kilmorie are scar- j this colt, then, and pray for one for
ing deposits are $34,886,747, an increase of seven and three-quarter millions, and the note circulation is $12,327,168, an Increase of three millions.
Of chief interest among the assets is the item of Current Loans and Discounts in Canada, representing the assistance given by thia Bank to the activities of trade and Industry. This amounts to $76,194,016, an increase
TOMMY ATKINS GETS A RAISE.
1
For Work and Play
Ration Allowance on Leave Increased
To 50 Cents Dally.
E
Adds Nearly Twenty Millions to I ta Asaeta. Continuance of Remarkable Growth of De poait Accounts During Past Tear Enables it to Render Immense Assistance to Canadian Trade and Industry.
TS DIRT



CLEANS-DISINFECTS—USED FOR SOFTENING WATER—FOR MAKING HARD AND SOFT SOAP
[directions with each can.
FULL
#
Also Miraculous
The new concession is said to be
»

“Oh, did you?” said her husband. ____	“Yes; I bought a churn and ordered
Diverse Resources of Canada Shown ' buttermilk left here regularly. Won’t
it be nice to have really fresh butter?”
>.1
STRIKING EXHIBIT
at Windsor Station
When the woods at Kilmorie are seal'-1 LEMONS MAKE SKIN
let and gold,	WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR. Visualizing in a striking manner a	--
There’s another dread harvest afar;	—	I large number of the diverse natural Kiaard's Untmees u»e« by Pbrstciaa*
Where our greatest, our truest ones, : Make this beauty lotion for a few resources of Canada, the Canadian Pa-¦truggle to hold	cents and see for yourself.	cific Railway has just opened to the
Back the modern world’s Jugger-	_ public an exhibit at the Windsor moderately shady border, lightened up
naut car;	What girl or woman hasn’t heard of street station. This exhibit, which is w*^h well rotted manure or leaf mould
And my heart only sees	lemon juice to remove	complexion	situated in a room immediately ad-	an<* ^arp sand. K^ke the surface
In	the pageanf of trees	blemishes ; to whiten the	skin and to	Joining the main entrance to the sta-	level and A ne, free from stones and
for the vear	of	nearlv	thirteen	and	a	«	korr^le pageant of war,	bring out the roses, the freshness and	i tion on Osborne street, has been pre-	lumps. Sow the seeds thinly in drills
half million	dollars	showing that	the	^here	G?d>* men’ for righteousness, the hidden beaiffy? But	lemon juice	pared by the collaboration of the Que-	a quarter of an inch deep and six
Merchants Bank is making a full use - strive, as of old—	alone is acid, therefore irritating, and Government and the C.P.R.	inches apart
Ready for	any	emergency	is	this	of the facilities	afforded by Its	ex-	When the woods at Kilmorie are scar- should be mixed with orchard white 1	One half comprises the Quebec ex-	8ee^j InF*	are l;*rge	enough to handle
good-looking	apron.	McCall	Pattern	pending deposit accounts, to meet	the	let	and gold.	this way. Strain through a fine cloth hibit, consisting of samples of the re-	move them	to a nursey	bed.
No. 7536, Ladies* and Misses* Two- requirements of commercial clients,	Kilm .	„.aP_ the juice of two fresh lemons into a sources of the province—lumber,
Piece Work Apron. In 3 sizes, small, ^.hl< J ha,ve freatly iI‘cr5a^	iet a.1(1	bottle containing about three ounces hestos, and other minerals, grain,	MONEY ORDERS.
82. 34; medium, 36. 38; snd large. 40.	pr’re °f a"	And the vine! sr'e like blood on the orchard white, then shake well and J maple ^ fur-besring animal,. Dominion Express Money Order.
....... _	aitifap-si ~ï=Si}siïrïSF&s&z	—
¦till maintains a	strong reserve	of ;	the	wold	the cost one usually pays for a small	l he L.P.K. exhibit has been gather-
liquid assets.	These new total	a	hitter	jar of ordinary cold cream. Be sure to	from the entire Dominion. A splen-
$57,667,481, against public liabilities	tb	# OUP :n	strain the lemon juice so no pulp gets did display of grains produced in the
01 $1^6,322,671, or a ratio of 46.6 per Annealing in vain •	into the bottle, then this lotion will fertile fields of W estern Canada
SEEll -sp—iwmm WËËm
Wh" W :^.S	will supply ,h,„ 7,-- °> CJ»!.. (,<»*. „"m.7y
arjstnaar,e~ - ’• srJÆftïîS ?s-_______________________________________________________________________________
emment borrowings) and $4,060,204	±_____ _________________ _____ illustrate some of the summer resorts |>0RTRait agents Wanting
of Other securities.	mritiHUT .iumot	.	.	•	along the company’s lines. Complete I good print»: finishing a specialty!
Profits for the year, at $1,236,680, BIG U-BOAT ALMOST FAILURE.	Britain’s 4 Per Cent.	and recent statistics of all the coun- fra.nJ®H an,11 «v«rything at lowest prioee:
showed an advance, attributable	~	The inadequate provision of the for-1 try’s resources add conviction to the wick Ave! Toronto'* rt °** 4 run*“
doubtless to the greater volume of Two Such Submarines Did Little Dam- „tl of the United Kingdom for na- display. The exhibit Is installed in
Xt. Ætion nf 14 me000W5or	“* ,n 1917 Cruiw-	tional needs is shown by the fact that handsome showcases, brilliantly lit; ,
contingencies while war taxés and	new fcyP* German submarine only Portugal of all European coun- and it ia Interesting to know that all i \\
pension	fund took another	$120,000, cru^stfrs accomplishes little,	according	tries ranks lower	than Britain in per-	the material used In the construction France
so that	the net result after	payment to official note commenting on Ger-	centage of total	area under forest,	room is Canadian material exclusively
of the 10 per cent.dividend was the man undersea boats, says a Paris de- Great Britain has just 4 per cent, in
addition of $16,680 to the balance car- spatch. Exact information relative to woods, Sweden 47 per cent, Russia	Getting Her Strength Bacilli
Fessas: _
President, Mr K. W. Blackwell, point-I	% nf Lnnin-	! With the advent of weather favor- housework, explaining that she was G InteSSl înd eaurnal. cured with.
.. ... . trnëm*pasSSE###%
Made on Empire lines ia thia attrac- : but that the average holding of would require sixty aubmarine cruls- tle:	..	.	, ..	. ^%jl C.Cl	ÎN
tive bathing suit. McCall Pattern Merchants Bank depositors was only ers at sea simultaneously to Inflict the In the weekIy rePort the agents plained, making post holes whilst I No. 8370, Ladies’ and Misses’ Empire $600.00. The interest of this class same j0Bg ag visited upon ship- a^on*f western lines of the Canadian was g’-ttin my strength back.
Bathing Suit. In	6 sizes; 16 to 20	must be defended against unwise and	; b submarines	in FurnC»n J*	Northern	Railway to the executive of-
years, 36 to 40	bust.	Price, 20	wanton action or the whole financial	K,„V»onth	P	Acer, of	the company, 109 of the
from the Mc( all	Co., <0	Bond St.,	an(j ampie provision made for doubt-,	destroy submarines	faster than they	j*av® J?ot	a ,ea^y overcome the set-	Lot	6, P	E L
Toronto, Dept. W.	ful contingencies, so that the balance-	are built. However,	if they sink a few	back due	to ^vertie weather condi-	I	was	cured of a severe attack of
sheet represented dollar for dollar of	the submarines operating in ti<m8 ^ early weeks» the recovery will Rheumatism by MINARD’S LINI-
--------- sShus	rr	MF- L
Rock Plants.	shies them to bring back to	Germany	Northern from lhe Western Canada	I was cured of a severely sprained
valuable materials which are totally lacking there.”
#
Perennials can be started now
m a
\
As soon as the little
Price, 16
42 inches bust measure cents.

t
Visitor
I suppose, Timmy, that you can spell short words?” Timmy (whose father keeps a garage); “I can spell words of four cylinders.”
v
is a
Basic slag is good for lawns, Spread in the early spring or late autumn.

_______rom maim_____________
EEKLY NEWSPAPER FOR SAL* In New Ontario. Owner going to i. Will sell $3,000. Worth double Apply J. H. o/o Wilson Limited. Toronto.
117 ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER " v and job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried 91.100. Will go for 11.206 on quick sale. Bo* Wilson Publishing Co . Ltd . Toronto.

that amount Publishing Co
£) McCal*
#K
LUMPS. PT (%
Write
Medical
ood. Ont
SMOKE TUCKI-TTS
ORINOCO
cut coarse :-or ,*) use
• I wna cured of Bronchitis and Asthma by MINARD’S LINIMENT.
MRS. A. LIVINGSTONE.
IBSr
1
PAIN
Fired 8,300 Shells m Minute.
The veriest layman will perhaps be able to form some idea of modem artillery fire from the statement attri- por r0ckeries, start with aubrietias, buted by a Swiss officer to a member dwarf phloXf dwarf campanulas, se-ot the German General Staff that, dur- dums, saxifragees. The sedums are lng the three hours bombardment just good for	bedding, for covering
before the attac k on March 21, the grave8f Saxifrage will thrive in Germans used 1H million shells. This soi] in any location and are good U over 8,300 a minute, or, taking the, ^ for the front of the shrubbery front at 60 miles, over 1W) for each mile. The total number of shells used by Germany in the war of 1870-71 is usually given as 060,000.
¦tor
grain belt, indicate delay now from unfavorable weather conditions.
leg by MINARD’S LINIMENT.
JOSHUA A. WYNACHT
Promptly relieves rheumatism.
lumbago, neuralgia, sprain!, lame back, toothache and all similar troubles.* Hirst's stops the pain! Sold for 40 years Should be in every household.i All dealer*—, or write us
Bridgewater
Instead of snapping out, "What makes you always so Date ? ” when you
What It Came To.
border ; they are the first of the per- “supposing your father owed the but-	wu,d make the *#*',	cucumbers,	squashes	and	melons	can
ennials to flower in spring. /	cher $29.30, the baker, $30.40, the	heart ^ and the dinner better	be	*r*wn	-	successfully	trained	upon
Lithoepermum prostatum is an ele- greengrocer $6.70, the milkman $2.10,	,
gant creeping plant for rockeries, and the coal man $16.90, what would	To economize on tea you should use
bearing masses of light blue flowers that come to?” Robert was not a	oniy the genuine Salada. A pound of
from April to September.	bright pupil, and the teacher was	Salada yields so many more cups than
Helenium pumilum magnifie tun prepared to repeat the sum once or grows about 18 inches high, covered twice, but to her surprise Robert was with golden yellow blossoms all sum- ready with his answer. "It would come mer.	to a flitting, 'mum,” he said.
• Helianthemums are pretty, low	+	'
HIRST 11MEDŸ COMPANY. HanJhen.Css.
HIRST'S Family Sslr*. (50c). 0 HIRST'S Pectoral Syrup of OU Horcboued and Elecampane, (3S«.)
üsfcss
and hastens ripening four inches from the ground and tie the plants loosely to the stakes, tying every twelve inches makes cultivation and spraying easier
The sun reaches the fruit
Begin about
bottle
This system
SEE?
does ordinary tea that it is a real saving compared to the ordinary tea.

CUTICURA
Burglars Dread a Noise
'$&s
Quickly Heals y
Eczemas,Rashes, Itching s and^ Irritations //
"Noise is the greatest enemy of the burglar and is what he most fears. Bear that in mind if you believe a thief has entered your home,” says an experienced detective.
"The best of alarms in a household,” he continued, "is a glass or chinaware pitcher or similar vessel. Slam it through the window and its crash above will be followed by another as Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or the,missile falls to the street or the any kind of a corn can shortly be lift- area way below.
ed right out with the fingers if you “Never grapple with a midnight will apply on the corn a few drops of prowler, for he is prepared for such freezone, says a Cincinnati authority, eventualities and has it on you. Gen At little cost one can get a small erally no qualm of conscience would bottle of freezone at any drug store, come between him and murder if there which will positively rid one's feet of was danger of his being caught”
Clover cut at the right stage and run through the cut-box makes most excellent ensilage shape to put into the silo when the blossoms are just beginning to die.
growing evergreen plants, forming broad clumps, quite covered with bloom from July to September. They are not only good plants for rockeries, but also for dry, sunny banks and for the front of the border.
Dlanthus delthodes, a creeping variety, with small pink flowers, flowering in June and July.
Geums make good plants for rockeries; the colors of the flowers are scarlet and orange, flowering from May to July.
Oenothera, or evening primrose, is a good subject for rockeries or for sunny exposure* in the border, blooming all summer.
Silene schafta or autumn catch fly
is another good rock plant, growing every corn or callus without pain or from 4 to 6 Inches high, covered with soreness or the danger of infection.
masses of bright pink flowers from Th * ne"' lr' * J1 an ****** com*| As for years, $60 worth <! clothing July to October.	pound, and dries the moment It is ap- ja furnjgjied in the navy gratis at the
All these plants can be purchased P1^'1 and 1,068 not '""a™ or even ,r“ start, enough to last two years. Therefrom pot grown stock so they can be ritate the surrounding tissue. , Just aft,r men must replenish and supply safely planted at any time during the think! \ ou can lift off your corns aJ
calluses now without a bit of pain or soreness. If your druggist hasn’t freezone he can easily get a small bottle for you from fiTfc wholesale drug house.
It is in the best
WITH THE FINGERS!
Better Of f
if you drink
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
WITHOUT ANY PAIN

LIQUIDS
am/
PASTES
O
-. JJ.j 4'*L
Ji '
INSTANT
DOSTUM
. I
In the treatment of all skin troubles bathe freely with Cuti-cura Soap and hot water, dry gently, and apply Cuticura Ointment to the affected parts. These fragrant super • creamy emollients tend to prevent little skin troubles becoming serious If used for every-day toilet pur-
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
IN
instead of tea or coffee.
Postum is
nutritious, tie alt tiful, conomical, delicious and
satisfying .
TRY IT FOR EVERY GOOD REASON
SHOE POLISHES
hack. wmrf&. wum brown
OR OX BIOOO SHOES
^PRESERVE*. LEATHER _

ri
themselves
summer*
-------^ ... .
Teacher's Fault.
"Mamma,” said little Ethel, with a most discouraged appearance, never, never going to study any more.”
"Why, dearie, what's the matter inquired mother.
“ 'Cause it's no use,” was the impulsive answer, "it’s no use at all. I cant never learn spelling. Teacher keeps changing the words all the time.”
e

i
Tm
?
m.
One of the most essential things in the poultry yard is an abundant supply of clean water for the chicks.
Greenland has no cate. How thankful the Greenlanders should be—imagine cats in a country where the nights are six months long.
3

v*
4
ISSUE Na 25--’18
###PAGE###8###
Send Better Eggs to Market.
The condition under which eggs $ve produced on many farms should be greatly improved ; such improvement will result in a higher average annual nr ice to producers, a higher grade prix)net for the consumers and the elimination, to a great extent, ot the present enormous annual wastage of the egg crop. Very often the fowls are fed on unwholesome food, w Inch affects the odour and flavour of tlie eggs. Dirty poultry houses and dirty eggs. Meat spots, blood-spots and bloody eggs cannot be avoided but they should not la*
’ sold with the rest ot the eggs.
! Blood rings and rotten eggs arc caused bv having the males with the females during warm weather, or when broody hens sit upon the eggs. Mustv and mouldy eggs result from the storing of eggs in had places. Hair-splits checks and leakers are caused by rough handling either at home or after the eggs have been sold.
1 hodueers are strongly advised to keep the hens in comfortable, sanitary houses and give them clean neats at all times. Kggs should be gathered regularly twice daily in warm weather and once at other times of the year. The eggs should be stored in a cool, | dry room at a temperature not i higher than 00 F.t and every precaution should be taken to keep \T7 7ITII three such men at Its head jagain a mercantile nation, building the Navy league, which he con-the eggs	out	of the sunlight as	XX/	as	Sir Lomer	Gouin,	Premier	ships, owning them and manning	sidered was one of the	biggest move-
much as	possible. All mature ^V	0f	the Province of	Quebec;	them.	ments yet Inaugurated	for the wel-
male birds should be killed or sold | James Carruthers. President of the sir Lomer Gouin was quick to see fare of the country, as soon as	the	breeding season is !	Canadian	Steamship	Line,	and Sir	that Quebec must	take the lead as	The Quebec Branch	of the Navy
over, and they	should be kept out	George	Oarneau, the	eminent citisen	soon as the objects	of the association	League was particularly fortunate in
of the laying flock, except during or Quebec, the Quebec division of the were explained to him by Mr. Car obtaining the co-operation of Sir the breeding sea-on.	! Navy League has a share of success ruthers. He said that he would be George Game au, head of various very
from the beginning. These three most happy to take the position of large • ummerelal Interests in the city gentlemen have not only associated Honorary President of the Quebec of Quebec. When the aims of the themselves with the League but they Branch of the Navy league and that Navy League were explained to Sir have agreed to do all in their power the League could count on him doing George, he became enthusiastic at to assist in obtaining the 25,000 mem- everything in his power to assist It. once and gave his consent to being hers which will be sought within the The action of his distinguished chairman of a meeting of nome of the next few days. When such men as father in joining the league was ira- most prominent business and protes-these place the stamp of approval mediately followed by an application sional men of Quebec City. He de-upon the aims of the league and not for membership from %Sir Lomer 11%fred a splendid address to the as* only do that, but aid in every way Gouin's son. Mr. Leon Merler Gouin. sembled gentlemen and by his per-possible to further Its aims, one is Mr. James Carruthers makes a sonal enthusiasm aroused the Inassured that the Navy League of Can most fitting president for this League, tereet of the assembled gentlemen to Ida is decidedly in the interest of the which aims to create a great Cana- such an extent that a permanent Province of Quebec and Canada gen- dian mercantile fleet. Mr. Car- committee was at once formed and erally. These men are three of the ruthers has been associated with plans were put on foot to perfect an foremost citizens in the Province of practically all the big patriotic move* organization that would enroll thou-Quebec and it is their desire that ments in the Province of Quebec dur sands of members in the League in their native province should lead the ing recent years and he expressed the grand old City of Quebec, rest of the Dominion in this great himself as particularly pleased to be undertaking to make Quebec once at the head of the Quebec Branch of
The StaniUe Bool ai Shoe Store
Quebec Navy League Promoters





%
%
When Leather Is Scarce
Si>eafc

¥
m

t
F

*
^^0 \


à

and prices are advancing our advice is buy


P


< 1
ÎÆ






/W
n

t
-,

Canvas Footwear.
JP
<*F-X fi



W'



.W'
; : .




> T* Vi
?
aPP


We have the best stock of



SûîlH

\


TENNIS GOODS and RUBBER SOLED CANVAS
. FOOTWEAR
¦ m •	«*;v m
9 1

M '

V
f-H -«


, \ :



4^
N
ft#

Sir Lomer Qootn
Sir Geo. Garneav. t
James Carruthers.
we have ever had, and prices are very reasonable considering the high prices of Cotton.
Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of QucIkhv Mimicpality of Clarendon.
Public Notice i* hereby giVen that there will U* held <m Monday the eighth «lay of the month of July 1918, at the hour of ten in the morning, in the office of the Svcty-Trvas in the vill->t Shaw ville, a meeting of the Pro-•i s of Beal Kstate of this Munivi* »f Clarendon, entered as such on the Valuation Poll, and having paid all thoir SeluK'l Taws and contributions, to
ith the election of two School
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
AiX •
i
i
V <
Local and District.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth ind comfort to the heart of a soldier. Some of our society men went Make an appointment to-tlay. to Renfrew on Sunday to attend a joint church parade of the Masonic and Oddfellow fraternities.
I •root
V )tnmi.»inners in the room and stead of Messrs. Truman A. lha;ar and Thomas Wallace, wIiom? term of office
H. IM isoN, Artist in Portrait un
» *
ex pli
A birth notice from Cliarteris was not accompanied by tin
, or neglected to register on the we are enlightened on that point. 1 u *
Givi a at Slmwville, this 22nd day of ne. 1918
.!u
NOTICE
Re. Clarendon Dog Tax.
Cream Wanted !
M. A. MvKINLEY,
Ass t Sevty. Treat*. SvhiMil Municipality of Clarendon
We direct the attention «>l men Henry Vaughan, an old settler of 10and 20 years of age to the who lived a few miles north ot -official advertisement published in Coulonge village for many years, this issue, which contains in for- came to his death recently. under niation that covers their cases in peculiar circumstances. It i- sari respect to Military service.	j he had gone to the wo nls in sea re a «
of a call w liivli it- mother had left An unusually large number of there, and it is supposed he lit a farmers were in town on Saturday smudge to drive away the flies delivering stock, ot which some and while stooping over the latter, four car-loads were shipped by is thought to have taken a weak
locai (ItMler». V»tJ lb fanner, fit and fallen into the five. His who dropped \\\ tr, TîTT! Try to ' body was subsequently' found with !
renew his sub., says he counted W» the clothes burnt otf and badly j
waggons at the station.	charred. He was 73 years of age.
Any residents «»f the Township of ; Clarendon owning or harboring a dog or bitch after June 30 next on which tax has not been paid for 1918 will tie proceeded against for failing to comply with By-law 58 of this Municipality. This is the last notice.
Stock for Sale
SHIP EXPRESS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ I W	WE SÜPPLYCANS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers if from our sixty <GO) retail waggons enable us to realize and pay Producer* a higher price per pound Butter Fat
When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and tests are
guaranteed/ t* y ;/9TX i*
2" Grade Ox fard Ewes (all under
years old)
10 Ewe Lambs !> X Vet Iter l^iuubs 1 Oxford Ham (rvg )
0 2-yeat old Cattle 0 yearling Cattle
WM. COTIE,
Starks Corners.

m
E.T. HUDGINS,
Scc.-Treas.
/
CANADA ' •
e OTTAWA
i
Municipality of Clarendon, Khawville, June 10th, 1918.
V
The closing exams, at the Acad-
V conducted on Thursday last, Canadian Bankers' Competition
week-end. The la^t named i< the (particularly those on the I arm,) onlv one of the number who in- to the calt and i.ir eompeti ion tends returning to Slmwvillv next hit-h is to be held again tin, >e;u rear, when the g. liool will again by the Canadian Bankers Aa«K-ia-H-under the Prineipalship of Mr. turn, acting in cooperation witli Hnnriiu?	tlu* Dominion Department ot Ag-
~	i ieulture. Cist year the cotupeti-
Two more of mi boys Or va! tioti was successful so far a< it Armstrong, of Radford and Archie went, and a considerable sum was MvCuaig, ot this village, who have awarded in prizes to those who done their hit at the front return- took part : but it is objected, that ed home last week, both bearing the number of competitors was on their person- lasting memento- not sufficient to show that the in-of the battle field. The boys had terest in the competition was as spent some time in England re- ' warm or as general a- it should covering from wounds, and re- have been, and this year it is hoped turned home with a number of a keener interest will be manifest-other more or less disabled men. ed, and a better showing result.
It ‘in- to us the proposition i-Frost was reported from some worthy of the consideration and locality nearly eveiy morning last approval of the boys and girl- of i week, but Thursday the visitation the district, who have a desire to was noted to be more severe than share in the great work of produc- j any morning previously and its j tion, which at this time constitutes j results were felt pretty generally the chief or outstanding duty of throughout the district. Some Canadian citizenship. “Keep the localities were hit pretty hard, home fire burning, is the national potatoes corn and beaus being watchword, and any mean- to seriously smitten — in some in- that end should be employed when stances beyond recovery, it is said, the opportunity i< presented. Few people ran recollect June This competition affords a good weather as cold as that lately ex- one, and it should not be ignored pericueed.	1 he boys and girls should be-tir
The sympathy of the community I l!(>lie i)V industrious effort, goes out to Mr. Si'a- W ilk le and one who i- at all interested is re his two boys, in the severe loss ^nested to call at the local bank-they have-ustained by lue death ftlu| g,,* a copy of the circular of Mrs. W ilkie, » ho pi--cd away which gives all necessary informa-Thursday a I teruo u. after i ^ i< >u governing the coup petition, comparatively short, illne-s sue- whh a list of the prizes offered. * eeeding. however, long uertnd of delicate health The late Mu,
Wilkie, who before !
Thoebe Johnston,
»
eni
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, , Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing
Satisfactorily done.
am
Yes ! We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values.
i
and l’ipe Fitting
Give us a cal
You should see our nice assortment of TIES
for 75 cents.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
Ready-
Up-to-date Men’s and Boys’
to-wear Suits.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
MURRAY BROS
1
• 1
JEWELRY
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
MASSEY-HARRIS
AND
SILVERWARE
(Tho Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency fur the SAWYER &
for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM
HI l)«
Auv
MASSEY CO
•»
You can now get at our store almost any article in Jewelry ami Silverware to he found in a first class Jewelry Store, at prices much lower than in any city store.
Our stock consists of.............

on
MACHINERY.


The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO •
Watches, (all makes) Rings, Necklaces, Links, Wrist and Bracelet Watches, Fobs, Buttons, Emblems. Brooches, Bar Pins, Scarf Pins, Tie Pins, etc, Silverware in Community and Standard Plate.
Mi-
I
i M'l'Hi Front, w ns in 11 « year of her age.
The funeral took place t|?i y .ill ei noon f 11 >i' ; ; In late li
the H.
to Austin Met
ITtli
on h
M.

the
ot
to


used c
rent! y
tren
is
Church, tl «list ( hur
Considering tho novelty of tfl duty which < ‘anndiancitizens wy linked to perform, nothing ev»*Tl , pii-svtl off here exciting ns little e interest as that which attended compliance with the Registration Act on Saturday Ia*t. So far h* cul this village and neighborhood is concerned much of the woik whs
put through on preceding diys of Hence, a MttTe lydach" the week, which to a great extent long way, showing that C&penhngen relieved the assistant deputies of is not only an unusually economical over-crowding towards the end of ch#*w. but also one of the finest tile time np|X>inted. We under- auaJJty. being made of the best, eland the few who have declined °ht rich, high-flavored tobacco.
fr

ter y.
Ml
I L I lit

een. the lower lip
i
ii
n/
1 put it


w
I

In the
/ 1
re
Come iu and look over our stock, a pleasure to show them. Any line we have not got we can get on very short notice* W e expect to have a complete range within a very short time.
â #•
you can It of the pinch to nirih of the chew you doi jpenhagen is strong, be tobacco of which it is made is into fine grains, which makes it
OUf


Call and have a talk with
us.
e

r't
v


• v,

R. J. HAMILTON
imp
Tt Its
Office and Warerooms
goes a
ARCHIE DOVER
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.

i
J
