###PAGE###1###
O
No. 13, 37th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
SEPT. 19. 1918
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
THE
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
A Bank Account For Your Wife
More and more, are the wives of today running their homes on a business basis—
systematically and efficiently.
Many wives have a monthly allowance for household expenses.
This, they deposit in a Savings Account in
The Merchants Bank—settle bills by cheque
nd thus have an accurate record of bills paid.
Such a business-like method also gives a woman the feeling of happy independence in having a bank account of her own.
BANK
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest -
OF
4,750,000
Pickles
OTTAWA
04 Branche In Canada,
Now is pickling time. We
are ready with the same old reliable brand
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
I
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blavkburn,
Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Gecrge Go:don,
General Manager :
D. M. Flnnle.
W. Duthle1 .	.
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander Maelaren M. J. O’Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Pcrley E. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager ;
H, V. Cann.
Chief Insptctor
A hank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
2
Of
THE MERCHANTS BANK
We have sold it for years, and every
tomer satisfied. The last drop of it fully guaranteed, .
A full line of—
Spices, Butter Crocks,
Fruit Jars and Flower Pots.
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
OUYON BRANCH.
CAMPBELL'S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH,
CUS-
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager • D. L. WILLSON. Manager, • C. E. SHAW. Manager,
THE FAIR
Say Young Fellow !
Why be
The annual Shaw ville Fair is in|ief,ou* of y°ur turn's good clothes progress as Thb EouiTY is being when you can get the same kind at issued this week. While the pros-1 Dovers where he got his ? poets for a large exhibit were good and things generally |>ointed to a successful Fair, the uncertainty of the weather and bad roads no doubt will militate against the probability of a large attendance.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
Your family, friends and business associates want your portrait. A nice range of folders to choose from.
¦
Artist in Portraiture.
For Stcnooraphers. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. lfl every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction is Individual, and the school Is open duilng the entire year ; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates arc $10 per monih ; do not
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
PERSONAL MENTION
Chapeau Fair-Sept. 23, 21, 25 See aavt. on 4th page.
Dressmaking at moderate prices.
Miss Eva Stephens, Campbells Bay, Que
COWLING
.	, ft i i .	, i Students are assisted to positions.	.
Min. Andrew flodgine returned Weare HEADQUARTERS for Short- Make a specialty of preparing candidates r riduy evening from a visit to ban I. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell- for these examinations. Start NOW and Ottawa friends.	ling. English, Correspondence, etc.	be ready for the Fall Round Up
Send lor circular.	school Id open all summer.
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
See the heavy fleece lined underwear we are showing at $1.00 i>cr suit. Dover.	\
Our

W E.Gowi.ino, H.G. W. Braitiiwait President
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Spark* Sts
Principal
SHAWVILLE
evening of this week
Miss Sadie Wilson, eldest daugh
The adherent*, of the Hollnewl ter of andMn. R. J. Wilson
nt, of which Bishop War- ^ taking the Teacher# Gourde at dressed. Made strictly to yrtür measure
holding I Macdonald College.	| in 6 days or sooner if wanted. Dover.
Wear a Hobberlin Suit and be well
EXPERIENCE
vs.
' EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work Is like learning any other kind of work or trade or profession.
vmm
F., .en	are	|
¦ SriWKXt	—
1 ~	-,	1.1 r> 1 r several days, but is again on theMHl,$!lter» Edith Mamie. The
The I resident and tjie Hoard ol toeqd, The EQUITY is glad to re- marriage will take place the latter Directors of the Agricultural port.	part or the month, In Winnipeg.
Society it Chapeau acknowledges	,	__—___¦ !¦	¦
with thanks the receipt of a Mr. A. A. Reid, manager of the |
special prize of $40.00 from George Merchants Bauk at Qiivoii, has	Marriage*
B. Campbell, ex M. L. A. for Poo- been eg*led home this week by the	-
tiac.	of llls !athe,«who bas been	Jknkexs-Bradley.
P. McMahon, Sec.-Treos. for some time past.	The marriage of Miss Lila Brad-
Posters are out announcing that llMrfie Herbert Harradence, of ley and Mr. Charles Jenkens was a camp meeting will begin on Fri-	Lake, Sask., (nee Miss solemnized by the Rev. J. E. Hod-
day next in VVm. Ad. Hotlgins’ Cecelia Horner) who has been at son at St. Luke’s Church, Eardley, grove, south of the village. This the home of her parents in North on Wednesday morning, Sept. 11th, gathering will be under the leader- Clarendon since the death of her The church was prettily decorated, ship of Rev. R. C. Horner, who has sister, the late Miss Margaret Hor- Music was well rendered led by fourded “The Standard Church of I n.e*% was at tacked with append:- Miss Lusie Amin. Many friemfs America.” as a result of the differ- citi* on b i iday last, and conveyed and neighbours were present The ©lives which arose some time ago to a hospital the following morn- bride was dressed in a greyish silk in the Holiness Movement body. inK* We learn that an operation suit, and was accompanied by a „„	.	a. 1 i was successfully performed.	little niece carrying a bouquet.
wsmmm ise
g5S@SS™S¥aSBSS5SiF
much to its value.	| element which now constitutes a
¦Hkr	very considerable portion of the
population of the Canadian metro-
The Dr. called on The I At 408 Queen St.. Ottawa. Thurs-
John the Evangelist Church on most kindly and hospital nature. _	„	-
September 22nd, at 10.30.	In this neigborhood Dr, Tucker Mr- James Hanna Succomba
E3HESE3 EFlSSlshlraSnE SSSSS
% m -srs. tieri"	^— —
E""™'	BHP-ro
R	' late Andrew Hanna, who passed
to his rest less than a
announces
Underwear
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
,Thc secret of success of the Graduates of W illis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office worker* for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant. we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 43%. This year to date is even better. Still Employ ers* Demands Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
*
Our Stock of...
Fall and Winter Underwear
N. I. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
Willis College
I'M Sparks Street, entrance between Ketchum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
... is now on sale
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED
4
MODERATE COST
Men’s
Pure wool,
at $1.50 per garment at 2.00 “
Penman’s Fleece, at 1.00 “
Merino, medium weight,
Deaths
it
ii
h
QÜYON
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
II
Near Stanic> St.
ii
75 “
II

FOR SALE—An eight h. p. portable gasoline engine (International! in good condition. J. L. Ho du ins, Shaw ville.
Boys’
Fleece lined in all sizes—priced according to size, 65c. 75c. and 85c. per garment
Fleece Combinations, sizes 30 to 32,
at $1.50 per garment
Ribbed wool, sizes 30 to 32, 1.00 “
The Allies need gasoline.
Waste none of it on Sunday moroi mg for pleasure. He who
uses it for this purpose stints i Mbn and Boys—See our assortment 1 He is survived by a w.«. those who are fighting our (of pure wtfol and combination sweaters, two sons—Ira and Willie.
The best ever shown here at right | latter was in the West when his
father’s illness set in, and when it became critical, a message brought the young man home a few days
before his father’s death. The ship is constituted. That he will The safety of the State being sitting m bis buggy in front of the other immediate relatives of the be sorely missed in the community the supreme law, personal en- P<>^ office on Tuesday last engag- deceased who survive to mourn of which he was a leading spirit in
..« «<7 ->"•¦» <" sdml,°th”'Thhti"£,.w„,.‘by“r ,E BMrar
national necessity during war Latham of Thorne met with a very Geo. Hod gins—(half-sisters) and Unfavorable weather condition* time. To save gasoline is to	serions accident by having his i Mrs. James Steele, Mrs. R Ham-	on Sunday	afternoon, when	the
wave money. It will also en-	buggy turned over as the result of I mond and Mrs. Wm. McCleary,	funeral was	held, did not stand in
r	ad.,,,», 7.jot
gas for the needs of our war with considerable force. Mr. the loss of a citizen whose depart- sembling at St. Paul’s Church in machine, which must lack no Latham fell against the edge of jure will be most keenly felt and advance, to participate in the last essential. To comply with the 1 be cement pavement on Ins side, [deeply regretted—a man who de- Htes. which were conducted by
£££¦"'• rrrR4ta!W!as:
save #ioO,OQu on a single Sun-	aged man to Dr. Potries in his car. fact of all who enjoyed the plea-	the solemn	occasion, from	St.
day. In gasoline it will also	and after the doctor had attended sure of hi» acquaintance. Honor-	John’s Gospel—XI : 5 and 0.	|
save hundreds of thousands of *7* bijimes, conveyed him to able in his dealings, industrious in With the many who are offer
ar-^-JSLïr	^sdsrsip
year ago. idow and
I FOR SALE—Yearling Holstein Bull— nphp A superior animal. Apply to Wm D. Campbell. Elnwide, Bristol ; Maryland P. O., R. R. No. 1,
si
battles. It is the duty of all motor car dwners to comply prices. Dover.
with the Fuel Controller’s re-	—
A visit to our Underwear Department will resay you. Our values are especially good. We bought them right.
quest to save “gas.”
Seriously Injured — While
W. A. HOGGING
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551


^
###PAGE###2###
A


! thv difficulty ho had picking anything
It wâS good to be
~L,- S»i
&mer
Economy the Watchword!
,!
Up off t ht doing something for one'» father who hod the lumbago.
•‘Must be th ree to he getting old!” ruminated Thomas once.
The sun scot i hed down 1 m * cheek» and throat»
oor
>
t

!
16

There was not!
a breath of breeze, not a leaf-' of shade where the twins stood at the fence. They worked silently, dipped and painted and smoothed, reached amlffbent and rose. They had no]
s .iSia='=%= is.’srf %%%
Presbyterian Sunday-school picnic quickly be solved by the housewife if *n a moud conun ion. for these affairs had of late years be- she is willing to devote just a little Don t cover rooti wiin damp come sadly anemic. Now they, he- time and thought to this subject. It if the cellar i* hot.
wonder whether after all— will enable' her to feed her family on to grow if you do so rfhis was after they had been paint-: food lhul wiIl muke (hem 100 per cent. ' Don't let cold winds dry out youi iin^for fully thrfc i|uart*rs of »<’	„t a con8il,erat)le re.hu- potatoes.	«'° " bl!ter tnHte
straightened up, holding his bark. eut maid or planned upon the hit-or- or pumpkin ir a vool ^‘elUr. >
“Snv, you know this is some work?" miss plan for the daily subsistence of wi I keep bette: m h< at ti .
•‘BetI" Turpin palmed on with m the family.	Don’t forget t< watch your storog
dogged hand for a moment. Then he, First of all, Mrs. Housewife, you room and sort out any decayed sped-
Fortunately t.r T.„ So,alt Bo,. Father Hr. <SL »! MM Br,.rd,.. fcgÆSToîd ÏÏÜ. SfUS ZL^tZoS: ^
u *.*........-fi
Part I.	! "Plenty of kind deeds lying round!" those overalls!"	The foods that contain this vital ele-; If it is impo.*s'h.e to provide a
Mother Bird, having finished her	*«id Mother Bird.	it seems to the	. ««’who said I was taking ’em off?"	ment are milk, eggs, cheese,	poultry,	special storage place select the part
semi-weekly baking, was mopping	twm* thi4t sh« sald	it with most un-	ym ju8t boldin' 'em out from me R	fish, meats and legumes. '	of the cellar farthest removed from
the kitchen floor. Her twin sons, !uv???iir^ •mPhasia. She went over jjttle ways, to cool me!" Fretfully he Then there are carbohydrates or the furnace and where the most air
iâmi ip—*-Etm ™............................................................................--
They had asked it and been ans-	jour father isn't as young as They went in to the house swiftly, are needed for the same purpose a,	,	„ Alm0,t a staple In Hot
wertd an now Thomaa gave a petulant he used to be. Me s been trying to rt,turned lagging!?. After the dim the starches and sugars. Mineral	_	.
kick at the rounds of his three-legged Kvl j! that front fence tor a month coolness of tne indoors the tempera- salts, which are found largely in all	Nipponese .y .
stool.	1	h!s lumbagos too bad. ihcrcs tore out hereewae unbearabls. An fresh fruits and vegetables, are Tho Japanese are probably the only
“Don’t whine, son," Mother Bird ad-! The buys remained silent. There picked up their brushes.	Nearly two-thirds of the total pebbly pieces are eaten with sugar and
monished, “And that’s enough	was nothing to say. Thomas sent	it was not long before Turpin sue-	weight of the body is water,	and for	lemon or any other mixture one may
cookies! " Tommy, you'll have to sit	Turpin an uneasy	glance or two;	cumbed, fell flat to the earth and lay	this reason it is vitally necessary	fancy. But by far the commonest way
some place else now*, 1 want to get in Turpin w atched his mother .	! on hi» back on the grass. _	that plenty of good, pure drinking wa- of eating ice Is to share It Into snowy
here. You know you boys might There was ostentatious disregard of “I’m going to quit!" he declared.: ter be used daily.	flakes by means of a plane and swal-
just as well stop teasing. No use T°> Scout matters during luncheon, “j ain't going to do another lick.	Now that we may balance our low It with sweetened water into
father refuses, it’s probably because	their father be sufficiently softened,	the same thought struck them. Dad	heat and energy-giving foods. In oth-	shaken with ice. and other kinds of	old settlers stimulated their
he's got some good reason for refus-	sufficiently impressed with their de-	might be very glad to have the fence	er words, we should eat one part	cooling beverages are sold In ever-ln-1	cries to such an extent that they re-
ing.”	servingness, as to relent in regard to painted but would he be so agreeable meat, or its equivalent, to four parts creasing quantity, but the old style of collected fogs that surpass the most
“Good reason!" Turpin sniffed. He	the Scout memberships?	about a fence left halfway painted ?	potatoes, green vegetables, breads or	eating Ice - that Is, In the above des-	picturesque descriptions of those past
had been carving surreptitious dec- ( Turpin approached his mother.	They gave the fence a squint. It	cfreaj and d€ssert. Do not serve two	ertbed “korimldiu" fashion—Is still	masters of the art of exaggeration—
orations on the back of his chair but	“Where is the paint?" he inquired,	did look patchy. A layer of K™*"	kinds of protein food at the same	In the greatest vogue Every summer	the ancient mariners of our coasts
B	: '"BE™::: SmISm	.....
“No reason ’tall!" was Thomas’ know -back there with those old car- .presented the appearance of ft row of only one of these foods. Serve only ;	-*- I remember I had to go to Die hi
pets and things."	faded maiden ladies beautified as to one starchy vegetable. Serve a green	house that night, and the fog was so
cheeks and chin but with ears and vegetable every meal, if possible.	Real Lazy.	blame thick I had to get the three
|rk "W—i 2 itr	•<-« *t rrri h“	».
=«¦=### wmsm
laziness, the tourist dismounted.
„,2r" rr	z
little or no food value, but they cause the digestive juices to flow freely, and thus make for perfect assimilation of the food. Do not serve a cream soup with a meal containing meat or its equivalent—rather use it for luncheon. Use fruit soups and cold bouillon during the warm weath-

1
L'T
7;>
ARRANGING A HALAN('Kl) 1)1 El
»



<
gives greatest tea-value tor your money, yields many more cups to the pound than
and then you have that
Thev will start
BOBLODG
gan to
does ordinary tea delicious flavour!
#44#
UNIQN MADE
OVERALLS
Green Paint
SHIRTS & GLOVES
JCncwn frxntv Co<ut ieCoc&t
sa-.#**

I
km'
"	el
fc'wwt V*i#e
I

?

Uw
Cm

Block» of
midterm» kanw, «
dmmkymr dmW-
UUm $17$;
WnUii, SWS
r.wmoHToa,
t* *

HAMILTON
may be
Remarkable Weather
A story-telling contest between tw«
dark addendum. "Has he, Turp?’ ¦	I .	, .	,
“Naw!” Turp rested a pessimistic \ But Thomas had found it chin on his chair. "Just refusing "The green or the white?
’cause he knows he can refuse. What's y*;*ed up the stairs he know ’bout the Scouts—what they	; he green, Tommy.	Mother
d°-Son.Xyou’rv disrespectful !"	Turp ’ wate^and went* V the head' of The ¦ FIGHTING FIRE IN THE AIR
iSSt S'V.S'ih.uî'îlS' d.’l" b&t lo2î”lT"”.rt.‘“rpi;“kr Experience .. . MM F„e, Behind “Do lots of stunts!” Turp muttered, table and get out a couple of pairs of	the German Lines.
“Go on hikes—an’ campin’ trips—an', overalls of your father’s.	I don’t
want you boys to be getting paint all
Thomas took a hand.	[over you."
“An’ learn how to swim—’’	Thomas ascended the stay
“An’ carry the wounded—"	ingrly, carrying one full hTfcl
“An’ make bandages—"	empty one, two .paint brushes end the	man line8
“An’ light fires ’thout matches—" overalls.	. ¦	.
“An’—an’ you hafto do one kind	Now that s real nice!	Mother
deed every day!" Thomas .said it with	Bird approved casually. “If you
an air of virtuous final it..	boys hustle you can get through and	H0in0
Mother Bird was careful not to let	surprise your father when he comes	not far neiow
them see her smile.	home this evening. Bless their	machine at them g	¦
"Don’t nefed to be a Scout to do hearts!" she smiled as they slammed	the fuselage shivered. I looked along
kind deeds!" she commented.	out of the front door.	the inside of it and found that a burn-
To this the boys found no answer. On the front porch the boys donned jng shell fragment from an anti-air-Tom’s mastery argument had gone	the overalls, resembling, when they	craft gun on the	ground had lodged
It v. ro best not to press the	had assumed them, loosely wrapped	on • longeron
'	TZa b?
paint is full of fascinating posaibili-1 *>ut died away: but. being fanned by ties, potent with promise.	the wind as we shot downward, it re-
“You begin at that end and me at covered and licked its way toward the this and work toward the middle," tail. I was too far away to reach the suggested Thomas
“Nothin’ doin’!" Turpin rolled high ; tinguisher was beside the pilot’s seat, his overalls and tied his handkerchief , called for ,t mto the speaking tube, tenn s-fahion round his forehead. “Be- Th „ot made no moVe . Once more gin together and see who can get out	.
last a compromise was effected, the îl,s ('boiader. boys agreeing to paint one on the in- "Fuselage -burning, aide, one on the outside of the fence, extinguisher!” I yelled Straws were prepared. Thomas drew The roar of the engine drowned my the short one and work began
For the first few moments- there asked which of the German machines was absorbed silence.	Then Thomas
straightened up pridefully “That’s going to be slick! Just as nice and green as anything. Looky,
Turp!"
Turpin peered over. On the outside shouted of the picket Thomas had drawn a horizontal and a vertical line, crossing at right angles. Now he was enjoying filling in the four spaces.
Turpin sniffed. “Look at Slopping paint ell over the grass!
“I should worry!" Thomas drawing a face now whiskers, hair, grew swiftly here comes Hicky Rice! Hlo, Fats!"
“H’lo!" Fats plumped down from his bicycle and stood rolling expressionless eyes from one to the other of
Fats was bound for the
When planning to have a dessert with a meal, reduce the protei content one-sixth and the carbonhydrttes about one-fourth, unless the desserts are fresh fruits alone.
The Job was an offensive patrol, says the author of Cavalry of the Clouds.
to hunt trouble round the assigned to us behind the Oer-When we were a few miles southeast of Bapaume we sighted a* of five German two-eeaters little distance ahead of us and
My pilot pointed our The next instant
an’—"

i thump- \ve cket, one
were

Conservation necessarily means a half-crown." The boy eyed him public ownership, more public bust sleepily for a moment and, turning ness; this means a demand for bettei half over on his side, muttered, “Put government; and this means giving it In me pocket, son" He got his men a real career in the public srr half-crown.	| vice.—Richard T. Ely.
area
*
group
Substitute economy
fOr ^VUStC. Use only such food.
as contain the greatest amount of nourishment, with the least possible waste. No food meets these requirements more perfectly than
er
halfway between my
A little
wrong point.
Cooking Weights.
One pint of butter equals a pound.
One quart of sifted flour equals a pound.
One large pint of sugar equals a p#Und.
Nine large eggs equal a pound.
A pint of cornmeal, 10% ounces.
A pint of rice, 16 ounces.
A pint of tapioca, 12 ounces.
A pint of bread crumbs, 8% ounces.
A pint of raisins, 9 ounces (lightly measured).
A pint of currants, 10 ounces.
A pint of brown sugar, 13 ounces.
A pint of maple sugar broken into crumbly pieces equals 1% pounds.
An ounce of butter, two level teaspoonfuls.
An ounce of flour, four level tablespoonfuls.
An ounce of granulated sugar, two level tablespoonfuls.
An ounce of grated chocolate, three level tablespoonfuls.
An ounce of salt, two level tablespoonfuls.
An ounce of cinnamon, four and a half level teaspoonfuls.
An ounce of cloves, four level tablespoonfuls.
An ounce of mace, four level tablespoonfuls.
An ounce of com starch, three level tablespoonfuls.	s
An ounce of olive oil, two tablespoonfuls .
all
cac
«
i
flame with my hands, and the Are ex


22
r
The
Again no answer
i


VICTORY BONDS
/

Pass the Are
YIELDING bVi%
z
words, and the pilot thought I had
8
//

Canada’s Premier Security
/>//'
we were to attack.
“Look out for the two on your left!" ho called.
“Pass the fire extinguisher!" I
Fiee from Government Income Tax
Ingtàm’s
‘t/clv'cola ,
KSouvirainc
Face Powder
You oan purchase VICTORY BONDS through our
he called
Get ready to shoot
PARTIAL PAYMENT PLAN
cheerily.
“Fire extinguisher, you fool!" I shouted.
A backward glance told me that the fire was nearing the tall plane at one end and my box of ammunition at the other, and would get beyond control unless I could smother It at once. Desperately I tried to force myself through the bracing struts and cross wires behind ray seat. There I stuck; but I could now reach part of the Are,
red bands.
,	1	....	Within half a	minute I ha<i crushed
Awful hotday.’ Fats	tingled hi,	out most of the	fire ; but a thin	streak
against the burning strip. The flame hot day! lessened, rose again when I raised the I	don’t think	glove, but died	out altogether	after I
gimme a j had hit It twice	more. The load	of fear
nice warm day any time! ^Course I ieft me, and I discovered an intense
wedged In as I was be-
Write u» for Information on any securities, and for our list of Investors’ attractive returns.
»

H. M. Connolly & Co.
( Members Montreal 8took Exchange)
¦pep was
Eyes, nose, "Hi,
When warm days or hard work cause you to perspire, your nose and forehead become oily and 1 shiny. A light application of Ini gram’s Velveola Souveraine Face j	Powder will remove the shine and
I give your complexion smooth at* tractiveness. It hides blemishes and tiny wrinkles. Yet so fine of texture is it you can scarcely detect it. And beat of all It blends perfectly with the complexion and stays on. (30c.)
To give your complexion the fresh health <*1 youth use Ingram's Milkweed Cream daily. It la gently curative and remedial. Itiscleane-Ing and softening. Rubbed Into the hands it keeps them soft and white Two sizes, 50c. and $1.00. A full line of Ingram's toilet products, Including Zodenta for the teeth (23c.), la at your druggists.
Main 1346
106 Transportation Building, Montreal
v

the twins
drug store on an errand for his moth- ' and 1 beat at it with glov
&
Is Your Houne a Fort?
4
er
4
4
ILL1AMS
e
»
6
»
New
Settle
»
plied brusquely:
"I don’t call this a ’Swhat I call a fine day. much of these cold da
II
4
6

»
»
ay
4
HPHE Purs, rich, mallow * tone, and the sensitive responsiveness of this famous Instrument combine to lift It high above the commonplace. It la a piano that will maintain Its enduring oharm for generations.
ain’t fat!” blandly

discomfort

“Well, s’long!’’ Hicky rode off at tween the two crossed bracing struts this insult. The painters painted on. Five minutes passed before I was able,
SvHH'S iE .*2 r„v^*r
alls and on the faces of the twins strange, smeary woodland scenes were debaubing themselves. The first enthusiasm of their interest, some of, the ftm of the thing, had worn off but in their place was a deep sense of self-satisfaction. Unwontedly kind thoughts fatherward filtered their boyish hearts. They recalled their father’s painful progress up the street that morning, his groans when he sat down in or rose from a chair,
»
ê
Is your house, going to be fortified like this during the coming winter? I Are you going to have dug-outs filled
vegetables
Helpful Corporation.	with shelves of jars and pantries rich
Ipat—This is the foist time inny of with jelly and jam? If you do, your these corporations hev done innything enemy the H.C. of L. need have no to binnefit the workingman.	J terrors for you. Why should he?
Mike—How is that, Pat?	Resides, you will be the right kind of
pat—It is this siven-cint fare. I a patriot for you will be saving he of hev bin walkin’ to and from me work and wheat and butter for overseas. •
Here are some “don’ts’
Don’t let the frost injure the crup>
A Picture
With Each Purchase
- *
1
Bach time you buy a package of Ing-ram'e Toilet aide or Perfume your drugglet will give you, without charge, alaren portrait of a world-famed motion
n
«
«
picture art re !»». Each time you get a different portrait eu you ;nake a collection for your hume. Aek your druggist.
Georgian Model, $500.00
THE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA, ONT.
Canada’» Oldest end Largest Plano Makers
4
1
into
F. F. Ingram Company
4
a
(130)
and savin’ tin cints, and now I kin save fourteen cints.
ini'

4

%

###PAGE###3###
f
r
< ml, thv squeal of fifer and the crash H of drum* are heard, and thv troop* * leinvi mAlIV1 rome swinging: hack from church,!
THr	hit ON I *,ack tM Sutulay dinner* and to
iisLi I	rfp0„e of u quiet afternoon (if
one of thousands similar. Many of the wrecked homos cannot be restored. Thousands will undoubtedly be torn flown and replaced with new ones. More than ten churches—all very old and tone of particular architectural interest or beauty —have been practically ruined. Twenty or more ecmeterles have been gouged and lacerated by shell Are. Homes which were the pride of many of the villages have l>ecn ripped and torn by high explosives.
SUNDAY AT
IF YOU PLEASE,
CAPTAIN”
Ï7br> t/t'&
S
nays <8 gi

!thu military situation permets it), ' with spoKa. or a football match, or
A BRITISH R concert by the divisional band as SCENE ON BOARD ONE OF HIS
MAJESTY’S SHIPS.
\K DESCRIBED BY
OFFICER
?
a recreation.
Sunday afternoon is n great day in France for “shows'' (in the strictly
............... «-*» KtLnrs* n.„
The Green Wig*uni	I It was like following a P:,’h	— v---	in I ram»* Retain* Many ( har-	matches, horse «hews, boxing compe-
, fiOT"lc ™ """"" i * —
tln^KU v Bunch' l0^ke<L nLUt 1 Tf could see only the green stalks stand- The First Step in Promotion In the ,t haH always been an odd fancy of u*ed to give famous “Tames',»*, es Two ranks of men extend along the Laf hhu l, liermLTt mL ravmSl with ' W much higher than their heads, and	Royal British Navy	|mine that Sunday has an atmosphere they were called, or sports which in- battleship’s quarterdeck, faced by a
liaiBeeliiSi	««H
rows and parts of two more rows now they had suddenly vanished. to the formula adopted by the exe- toms. Though the Rhine towns ap- (j|stan(.ei jn order t0 be present .till to be picket. "	“Gone up to the Black Shanty to cutlve, anH, of cour.e, to the intelli- ,,«,le,! for and were granted a truce Mfl f ,h(. town, the war ™
’ “If we don’t pick it,” retorted Nat, get something to eat like enough! ( genre and adaptability of the candi- 0n » Church holy day, that did not j boaHt a banH,tan(J ln the “Mace," or	Qult, , Forma| Affair^™
“a lot of people will miss hot corn | -rumbled Nat. “With we could, date himaelf.	j prevent the -Hun bombarding aq«ad- ...	whicb is the nerve-	^ 1	,	,	,,	,
atewa this winter. The corn will be And then he stopped and peered HU initial effort is with the bo'sun, rona from attacking the British Red | centre of theeé place» Here division Entrenched behind a pile of -er-too hard for the canning factory if through the corn.	who usually gives him a wire-splicing Cross hospital* at the Front on the . ,	.	..	' .	.	, s vice certificates, official comiuumca-
¦11111111 ¦
load picked when he gets here with vat wnil“1^ fni ’	11	talnlng to navigation lights, compass,	„	. f . hndip^ of	ca^es which surround the Tiare the table Inti ween the group of salut-
the wagon/' said Nat as he led the Sure enough, there were the vo (leep.Beft iead8i etc., on completion of 9	1 ' , , tether in thn onen a‘"1 ^hin French beer, or inocuous jng officer», the line of waiting men
way down into the big corn piece. strays, looking as if they lived in i which the tested one finds himself	'	"	. .	. “sirops” (syrups), or vermouth-and- stiffens to rigidity.	_
They began on the long outside g#en wigwam. They see me* to ,v before the first lieutenant, or possibly	where it is feasible, the n tars Koda whilst the hand conjures up dis- “James Pudner, «taker, 1st Clas» —
row. It was harder than it looked standing guard over something.	| the commander.	i nrc UP *n the open ” *we" er, tant memories of .the Piccadilly grill to be restored first good conduct
to break off the ears, carry them out “It’s a little oil stove ami s"n * This is, perhaps, the most dreaded permits, or in some large hall or barn Qr Alhambra.	badge.” calls the M A A.
Jn baskets and pile them in heaps on matches and tin plate and a	v o	orjCti] How to manage boats of all	if the weather ,s un^av7)rn^	an	The outstanding feature of these '	The captain glances at Pudner'*
the grass ready to l>e loaded into the cocoa and some biscuits and	a	no c	|(jmjg jn „ Heaway or tideway, how to	; thither come marching the di	eren	! open-air concerts at the Front is, in	record in the ponderous tome which
cart. It was past noon when they from Dick Swan, reported	h/«	as	taka advantage of hearings ashore,	units nf the brigade*or division	>e-	my opinion ,the exemplary behavior	a ship’s corpora! holds up for his
finished the four whole rows; that she bent to look.	$hen to reef a sail, the management	hind tK ir hands.	of the men. You must remember that	inspection, while the aspirant fur a
left only two half rows.	The note read:	I loft thi? where and iaying out of anchors, are a few	The Religion of France.	-the vast majority of the audience at badge successfully achieves a smug
“They’ll be all through the camp you’d find it when you got ,r°tl**d V16 su^erts dealt with.	„ In the villages and towns the these concerts have only recently expression. For he has been six
dinner by the time we get them pick- picking. I knew >°ur 0 ^ a With a further practical test in the church hells are ringing the people turned their backs upon conditions of months clear of any offence what seed," said Hazel. ‘But we shall have gone off, so I though, >ou‘ w‘u’ ? handling of boats, the examination ^fasgi Stolid old peasants, wrinkl- unimaginable discomfort and priva -
to finish before Dick comes back.” have a corn roast all >} >,,lir ( > <	proper terminates# Now	follows a	cd 0f visage, gnarled and bony, at-	tion.	The natural tendency on com- “Restored—and keep it this time.
told your dog to	cep	*«n eu	01	period of probation, during	which the	tired in rusty black, plod churchwards	ing out of the line is toward uproar- Pudner,” says the captain, looking
things till you got here.	future potty-officer is expected	fo j hugging	great prayer-books, or	drive	ious high spirits, in the same way	very hard at the man. “Remember
“There ! be a lot •** t °‘	'	show his nv-!,l\ A float, ns	may be jn ^oge	old-fashioned hooded	carts	that the ’Varsity crews on Boat Race	that a gay young spark becomes in
gry people next win ei>i \u	r, expected, there is no lack of oppor-	seem to be the universal ve- night used to celebrate their release time a silly old fool if he doesn't
many of these >ig cat ' as XN< 'a tunity to do this, especially in these hide 0f the Continental peasantry. from the rigours of training by put- mend hi* ways ’
sa	....
,	,,	cers about him and batches	of papers.	from the Front reverberates spas-	^<>od,	and when the histor> of th« ]ard who had the misfortune to^lo«e
close to the house	into	a veritable|	etc to’ hand.	In a few	modically the muffled clang of gun-	war w r 'tcn the historian ^jg railway ticket on returning from
pit of machine guns and automatic ; ^i^osen words he declares A.B. flre- But Presently, above these will have to dwell on the part played leave, and had, naturally, no money to rifles, and waited. The Americans Jameg pucjtg duiy promoted	to	the, noises of war, there rises the	har-	bV the natural tact and courtesy of	pay for another, should have to “re
advanced into* Cierge. The Germai * ra^jng 0f leading seaman.	mony of	voices singing the old	Eng-	,ne Rr,tis'1 Pr,vn. f* r° u‘r ln wc ' ng	luest” to he charged the sum of two-
had meantime filled the place with Rej0injng his messmates forward, Hmh hymns, grompanied by the divi- i the entente cordiale poisonous gas and retired to the hills th# ^wly-made “leading hand” is con- slonal band
to the north and to Bellevue Farm. | pratulated, amidst subtle hints as to caprice of the wind wafts the sounds Fighti# here lasted all one day and ^ pofl8fble “wetting” of the event. away, or they are drowned by the night, and when it was over the Am- j ^hus is begun the upward climb thunderous rumble of a train of am-ericane were in possession and the whUh may lead, who knows, to very munition lorries passing up the street.
Germans were retreating well to the jizzy heights! /	! Then, when the service Is at an
This Farmer’s Fperienxc* is Typical north-that is, such of the Germans _;__
as escaped.	'
None of the Germans who had taken positions on and around Bellevue Farm retreated.* 'Most of them were still unburied when i was there two days after the fighting. I will not attempt to give a picture of the The détails are too ghastly.

/

</
i
A Graphic Utile I’en Picture of “Request” Time on a Battleship of the British Navy.
1



At the ex-
to he rated men
now
trcir.< end of the line stand the Mar-
ine j

(

r
ever
Dick and the cart had just started off Wg load of plump ears.
“O my. I'm hungry!” said Bunch; but she seized hfr empty basket and reach is! up to break off an ear of
l
corn
A Word in Private
“I'll pick one of these half rows if you and Bunch can handle the other,” Nat said to Hazel. “Then wc shall all get through at the same time.”
of our own!”
THE MARK OF THE
HUN IN FRANCE
and-elevenpence for which the railway company in dunning.
The next case takes longer:
“Herbert Patient, cook’» mate, 3rd Class—to stop allotment.”
The captain fixes the Cook's mate with his eves.
Ever and again the
?
When Nobody's Boss
DEVASTATION THAT PASSES POWERS OF DESCRIPTION.
There is an hour when the day’s work is over and the supper dishes are cleared away, when nobody’s boss.
D#d isn’t a general any more; he became a private when he left the supper table. To-morrow he may be the court of last resort, but now he is one , of the boys. The youngsters down him if they can, and the dog barks at
Then shall we know, if we follow	through service.	The man you know	the excitement of a free-for-all.
on to know the Lord: his going forth	best is the	man	you work with day	The fatigue of the hot summer day
is prepared as the morning; and be	after day.	“I	know him like a	passes. The breeze is a little cooler,
shall come unto us as the rain, as	book,” you	say.	Well, the Bible	Mother and the girls sit on the steps
the latter and former rain unto the	urges us to	be ‘laborers together with	and porch, while the boys are corn-
earth.—Hosea, vi., 3.	j God,” and if	we do this we cannot, fortable most anywhere. If they
help knowing	Him better.	That is	disagreed during the day it is all
what these boys and men are doing forgotten now. A tolerant mood pre-Hi at the front. They are	laboring	vails. Out in the northwest a bank	acro?*	tb	le
together with	God, for this	is God's	of blue clouds comes over the horizon,	™an	knows;	hut thejresnlt is evident
war, as it is a war for righteousness, and now and then there
civilization. \
working with Him our boys are get-! and quick to be seen ting to know Him better, as these prophet ventures an opinion about the books just mentioned show. * j immediate weather. Weather pro-Some of you people at home would phets are never disputed: they are get to know God a little more intira-' quoted.
ately if you did a little more work for The children tell their troubles, and ’ Him and got rid of
/
“Sure you’re doing the right thing?” he asks, unwilling to pry into the man's private affairs uninvited.
Patient mutters something and looks uneasily at the officers and men standing near. The captain waves his hand, and the officers move out of earshot, while the lines of men. in obedience to the M.A.A.'s order, shuffle some paces for'ard.
.•	Next. Please!
For five minutes the captain and cook’s mate stand in conversation
of That of Thousands of French Peasants.
THE WEEKLY SERMON
Sometime before I arrived in France I wondered if the war were not all a hideous nightmare—wondered if the stories of its grimness, its suffering, « its misery, its glorious heroism were not imaginative or at least greatly exaggerated, says American journalist completed n journey which took me over practically, the entire region be-% tween the Marne and the Vesle, between Boissons and Rheims, just behind the advancing armies, I feel that I am in a position to say that all the stories of the war have been understated rather than magnified.

scene
Suffice it to say that within a stone's throw o fthe Publier home were more than two hundred German dead.
an
Having just
¦Hipl
the stoutest heart. The walls of their ^	{£ pregcnt gtrife we are
destruction of her villages and cities,	wer*	u Vr/i a learning more not only concerning
but with an heroic patience and phil- with gre^t holes where shells had ^ art 0f war, concernig history
osophy which has distinguished her struck. F.ro™ 8 distance one mig t gCography, biography and psychology,
grimly belrJT The"peLntl ’ sly" structures to be a twelth century ruim	IhT Scri£ |	Cm“*e Your 0wn	«“man was over; a brood of turkeys party;
"It is too bad. Our homes are all The old couple were silent. She	gay "j, ,ife everlasting."	1 Then a third wa> to konw God bet- are missing; kings and colts, dynasties ,.A Scot bored big English friend,
we have. Maybe the government will mov°d on ahead, staring at the wreck-j|ow then, are we getting this tcr ‘s to suffer with Him in a common and break-pin.», the ends or the eart boasting about what a fine country pay u, something to start again, but :	Neither even so much ns glane- knowledge and how may we increase cause. That is the reason for those are brought together in those after- Rutland was.
(with a shrug of shoulders) how can fd at ,the b”dle" of Otmm who lay u? F|rgt let ug guggest the meth- close personal friendships among sol- supper talks.	" -Why did you leave Scotland.'
the government pay everybody? It ; in their path. The returning pilgrims	0(J a Bjble phrase:-"Be still and	-lier#> They are suffering together.	"1 m going to bed, announces the	„ Londoner asked, ‘since	you liked
is too much. It is all right now for "drived within a few yards of the ruin	know thgt j am God.-<	meeting à common danger, fighting in	head of the house A growing con-	the pIsce 80 much?-
Germany I, retreating and will be gazed at it m blank despair.	This war is making more people » common cause. And that is the victmn to crystallised. The Joys
defeated. That is compensation They went to their stable The cat- mgditate The soldier, on the field, reason for their closer friendship give their la.t attention to the horses enough"	ltle were gone' The	wtre gone the parents in the home, men and wo- with God. It brings them into an for the night. In ten minutes there
Optimism such as that', falling from	Noth|ng «™«'ned, but de?tb men everywhere are thinking bigger intimacy, a fellow,hip, a relationship isn't a soul In sight or awake
the lips of an aged peasant who and ™ »•	1 "^ed the farmerwhat	Noughts, reading deeper books, hav-	that otherwise would not be possible.
stands amidst the gaping ruins of his be wo.u'd do with h,s home' In French	ing higher ideals before them than	"We are heir, of God and joint heirs	Wal* Wisdom
home, Is surely deserving of rich re- ,aald:nj _ „	ever before. They are brought face	with Christ; if so be that we suffer	*-ba, an important element water
ward of some kind.	d it- . .. , ..	to fare with the issues of life and of wtHl“, tha* we may be als0 glon' is, yet how little the average person
A Farmer's Experience.	you get paid by the govern- deatb cvery dgy and they cannot help fie° tog*tb*r'	, knows about it! Can you yourself
Some of the fiercest fighting j„ metttT I asked.	mediating upon profounder things.	«««d ,	tell good drinking-water from bad?	bekir without finding from	one to five
which the Americana engaged took Maybe my grandchildren will get	Because of this they are driven neces-	The Cross at the Front, and Donald	what consideration, would guide you?	Armenian maidservants,	even	the
place in the regiofi a few kilometre# «omething. but for me and my wife it sarily to God.g word, and there they Hankey s impose!ioned cry jurt before Bome of the healthiest water has humblest shop-keepers having one, southeast of Pere-en-Tardenois. Here j* aec*8sa, y that we Pntch l,P our naturally learn more of Him.	, hi# death In Handers and you w.l! unpleagant taate. People drink, who probably in the lifetime of her
w”V'“ , J.-» f	zsrss
?:„t r,.zr;r ïfâsve zks-11" 1	^	^* - - -—-—............................
lived a stalwart French farmer Then’ while hi" wife efumbM	would ^know more about God.	The	have despised comfort and honored
rharle-i PiiMUr nn d ki, wife Thev aTnon* thc wreckage, searching	for	soldiers are doing it. Are	you?	pain. I have understood the victory
tied	-+fin	, re*	of lend	which i* a	things she needed for immediate use,	Every soldier that goes out loathe	of the	cross, ‘O death, where is thy
sL farm	for	average	Publier took 8	from the wall	front carries with	him a pocket Testa-	King?'	'Nunc dimitti. Domine.' "
PVnnrh n n «nt Thptr h..ildimr« outside and began sharpening it for ment. And from my knowledge of And God, hearing his prayer, made
stït-k skæ £2	ïwï z ajiStr ssrus
,	»	,	.	.	ifh ,	through all the turmoil and carnage.	.ire using their	Testaments. And	he now	knows even as he Is known.
,	,1	....	, rn,,ni,	but „nrIv	The peasant aaid something in French	they are finding	God and knowing	That	I» the relationship and that ia
In July they brusquely took posse,- £blcJuj w%LhT^»rned wa.^' ''	' '	'' ReaT"^Kto^PoaC^'Car^	On	rommoTÏÏth these «oTdiTr? if'you
eion of the farm, known aa B llevue, .<0od dM not forget u| fer	He	„A Student in Arma"-wd other	war.	will only be willing to suffer, denjr
andlhc om roiKS went away^	,eft this without which we could not books written by the soldiers in the, and sacrifice yourself here et home.
Ü2&SS3 'Zs.-JMs.....................................te=,SS5r-'$=£«S=s
We cannot learn by any
What they any ao
ousness,-and now and then there are little ^ satisfactory to Patient, ,v. ...* And by lightning flashes, almost too faint fa™ •*' b* doubles away, expresses
I	| u The family relief.
for his
Officers and men close up once more and the next case is called.
France UfTior rifled and sad nt the
Why He Emigrated.
.	,	, i	.	,	.	. Sir Douglas Haig, the Scottish
some of your lazi- the grown and growing-ups chatter commai)der-in-chief of the British
and gossip and plan. The neighbor armjegf once sald at a London dinner
“The Scot hcuckled.
It was like this/ he said Scotland everybody was as clever as myself, and I could make no progress; but here'
‘here I’m gettin’ along verra weel
14 <
‘In
' f
nd he chuckled again

I 99
Armenian Slaves
“You cannot enter a house in Diar-
The water preferred in certain parts sayg the author of “Martyred Ar of South America is of a coffee-brown menia/' recently published in London, hue or greenish-black.	“I tis stated that the number of such
The smell, then ? An objectionable women and girls in the city is over colour will warn you off. The odour, 5,000, mostly from Erzerum, Khar-however, may not indicate that the *pUt and other vilayets.” water going to	nity
arise from the death and decay of tiny organisms and algae growths. British Navy You may imbibe algae growths dead and suffer no harm.
There are 420,000
men in the
Every grown person should drink three pints of water a day. ‘
Pot up bulbs of freesias as ear y ae
This is a South African
Thin out strawberry plants when possible they become matted. Crowded plants ; bulb which responds to gentle forcing will produce only a poor crop next and give* pretty and sweetly fragrant
I flowers.

year.
?
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 19,1918.
t
Che wing
%
It seems now to be pretty well established that the wife and daughters of the late Czar of Russia have also be the victims of Bolsheviki sav-How long will it la* before the of Justice is strong enough in Vais-to overtake the perpetrators os such a dastardly, cold-blooded crime as this !
IS THE WORLD’S BEST CHEW
NOTICE
come
ugerv
tu in
It is manufactured
tobacco in its purest form.
It has a pleasing flavor.
It is tobacco scientifically prepared for man's use.
sia
TO UNITED STATES CITIZENS IN CANADA.
*
A
It
Last week’s operations on the western front brought the American army, under General Pershing into striking
This army which is dis-,
â
STATES, or TO RETURN to the United States; and THOSE WHO for any reason SUBSEQUENTLY BECOME LIABLE TO MILITARY SERVICE IN CANADA HAVE THIRTY DAYS FROM THE DATE of the accruing OF SUCH LIABILITY within which to exercise the like option. It is stipulated by the Convention also that certificates of diplomatic exemption may be granted within the optional periods aforesaid. EVERY CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES TO WHOM THE REGULATIONS APPLY is required to REPORT TO THE REGISTRAR under the Military Service Act, 1917, FOR THE province or DISTRICT WITHIN WHICH he is, in the manner by the regulations prescribed, WITHIN TEN DAYS AFTER THE EXPIRY OF HIS OPTIONAL PERIOD and will be SUBJECT TO PENALTIES IF without reasonable excuse HE FAIL SO TO REPORT. For the information of those whom it may concern Sections 3 and 4 defining the requirements of registration, with which it will be necessary strictly to comply, are set out substantially as follows.—
war
By the United States Military Service Convention Regulations, approved by the Governor in-Council on 20th August, 1918, MALE CITIZENS OF THE UNITED STATES IN CANADA, WITHIN THE AGES for the time being SPECIFIED BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES prescribing compulsory military service, except those who have diplomatic exemption, ARE MADE SUBJECT AND LIABLE TO MILITARY SERVICE IN CANADA. AND BECOME ENTITLED TO EXEMPTION OR DISCHARGE THEREFROM, UNDER THE CANADIAN LAWS AND REGULATIONS. The regulations governing this liability are published in the Canada Gazette (Extra) of 21st August, 1918; copy whereof may be obtained upon application through the post to the Director of the Military Service Branch of the Department of Justice at Ottawa.
UNITED STATES CITIZENS of the description aforesaid who were IN CANADA ON 30th JULY, 1918, HAVE SIXTY DAYS FROM THAT DATE within which TO EXERCISE AN OPTION TO ENLIST or enroll IN THE FORCES OF THE UNITED
prominence tinct from the American force that fought with the French at the Marne a couple of months ago, was assigned the task ot wiping out the salient at St. Mihiel, south-east of Verdun, which the Germans thrust into French terri-
I

also a further
3rd September, 1918
communication on the same subject from u ac KFPT TOUCH WITH PAST
Murphy, Fisher & Sherwood, dated 31st	% IvwnMin
July, 1918, all of which were read and tilted by the Sec.-Treas.
Moved by conn. Rimer, seconded by conn. Paul McMally, that, in view of
the fact that a full nu-mbcrÿii» of the, g aloo( from ,he rush and council is not present, and the aenous- ' |cramb,e vhlch „plflea Lonfi ia|umt ness of the question, the matter of the	Tarrytown on the Hudson,
re investment of the County s Sinking rhe solidllrlty and leisurely prosperity
oUn' P°“l‘nlon of Unada 0f Tarrytown have kept It from being Bonds be deferred	.wept along with the stream of world-
Moved in amendment by voim. Ward,	It has tarried.
seconded conn. Jennings, that the War-, h>g k t , ,s and traditions, den and Secretary-Treasurer of this landmark8 UU(1 historic buildings, council be, and they are hereby, author , „k t0 look at monument
if -“s	rssra
hundred thousand dollars against the , of local prldc -The Legend of Countys Sinking turn} Account and in- Hollow» un,„ „ 8ees again the
zsirz.,•"*
sssss wmm
The amendment was declared de chance hearer to scuttle home with ,	,	unseemly haste.
iSSlliP
gular September session asking this council to condemn that part of the town line between the townships of North and South Onslow opposite lots U, 7 and 8 was read, but no action was taken thereon.
Moved by coun. () Roll ley, seconded by coun. Dunn, that this council do now adjourn
tory four years ago, and have held it
The Yanks made short
ever since work of the ,i"k and in the operation reported to have picked up a trifle of fifteen thousand prisoners. It was a great scoop, and significantly important from the fact that it it was the first major action in which distinctively American troops were engaged. The new line established by the straightening out of the salient is not likely to remain
Did Tarrytown on the Hudson Refuses to Become Part of Modern Hustle and Bustle.
are
stationary very long if the Sammies can improve it, and the prospects are 'enticing. German territory lies only a few miles distant, and the historic fortified city of Metz is possibly by this time within the range of American neige guns. The capture of this great fortress would Ik? a glorious achievement and the Americans have the necessary dash and enterprise to take it on in due season.
Along the remainder of the battle front, which featured the initial and subsequent stages of the allied drive, progress is rented at several points.
REGULATIONS
REPORT IN THE MANNER and with the particulars aforesaid within the time limited aforesaid, HE SHALL BE GUILTY OF AN OFFENCE, AND SHALL BE LIABLE UPON SUMMARY CONVICTION to a penalty not EXCEEDING FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS, AND TO IMPRISONMENT
for any term not exceeding six months, and moreover he shall incur A PENALTY OF $10.00 FOR EACH DAY after the time when or within which he should have registered during which he shall continue to be unregistered.
4. EVERY UNITED STATES CITIZEN WHO HAS DIPLOMATIC EXEMPTION,
although not otherwise subject to these regulations SHALL WITHIN TEN DAYS after the granting of the same truly REPORT TO THE REGISTRAR, in like manner and with the same particulars as required by the last preceding section; and in addition he shall embody in his report a true and complete statement of the particulars of his certificate of diplomatic • exemption. NEGLECT OR FAILURE without reasonable excuse to comply 4Ml the requirements of this section SHALL CONSTITUTE AN OFFENCE PUNISHABLE IN THE MANNER AND BY THE PENALTIES provided in the last preceding section.
3. EVERY MALE CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES WITHIN THE AGES for the time being SPECIFIED IN THE LAWS of the UNITED STATES prescribing compulsory military service, not including those who have diplomatic exemption, WITHIN TEN DAYS AFTER THE EXPIRY OF THE TIME LIMITED BY THE CONVENTION within which the Government of the United States may issue him a certificate of diplomatic exemption, SHALL TRULY REPORT TO THE REGISTRAR BY REGISTERED POST, and in writing which is plainly legible* his name in full, his occupation and the date of his birth; stating also whether he is single, married or a widower; and if the latter, whether he has a child living; also if married, the date of his marriage; and stating moreover Ids place of residence and usual post office address in Canada; and, if he reside within a city or place where the streets and dwellings are named and numbered, the name and number of his street and dwelling; or if he reside in another place, the lot and concession number, section, township, range, and meridian, or other definite description whereby his place of residence may lie located, having recard to the custom of the locality in which
he lives : and IF WITHOUT REASONABLE EXCUSE HE NEGLECT OR FAIL TO
ISSUED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, MILITARY SERVICE BRANCH.
as
CANADIANS ON THEIR
HONOR.
In some quarters it has been suggested that Canadians be put on rations and not on their honor regarding food.
The Canada Food Board Says :
Do householders in Canada seek to ev ule the food regulations ? Are the merchants of Canada conniving at the evasion of the food regulations ? Let us see about that.
The main objective of the Canada Food Board is to supply Great Britain and the Allies with vital Foods. With this in view food regulations are made, which, if respected by the ]ieople of Canada, will enable Canada to keep faith with the Allies on food.
8 wo re Just Like a Native.
Lieut.-Col. Oliver Dockery, In charge of training of the 160tli Depot brigade, at Comp Custer, Mich., Is from the South and has something of the characteristic Southern accent. The other day when 2,000 negro recruits arrived from Alabama Colonel Dockery ran across a negro sergeant who was marching a group of the new men along In the rain and reproved the sergeant for taking his men out In such weather and ordered them back In the barracks. Just as they disappeared In the doorway one of the shivering little negroes from the South Regular session of Clarendon Council turned around and said, "Dat «holy
am a kind-hearted man. He cusses like I	PI ay or, 1*. W . 1 bornas, çonie from down home. Dat boss
and Councillors Sinclair, Smiley, Me- make me eo homesick dat I believe I
Dowell and Hudgins.	is goln* to cry/* Boo hoc 1 Boo-hoo!
Minutes of last meeting read.
Motion—Couns. Smiley and McDowell—That minutes of last meeting now read be approved.—Carried.
Coun. Burlier then took his seat. e
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
lion engines over the roads be notified
to carry planks for use when crossing	.	___
bridges or culverts in this municipality.	TT /"X	Z** T XT C	y\
Any person failing to do so will be	XJ	Ds Zt X^OiJe
for «litin iges.- ( airied.	7
Motion—Couns McDowell and Barber—That the secretary lie authorised to proceed to collect dog tax from any person having failed to pay same.—
Carried.
Mr. Hodge, Demonstrator, then gave some notes concerning a water course visited by him.
Motion—Couns Horigins and Sinclair —That the following bills be ])&id :—
Wm. Cameron's road rejiort, #149.75 ;
J. B. Corrigan $-220.75 ; Wes. Horigins, north section, #183.50 south section,
#127.50 ; J. P. Carson $33.00 ; A. Bean, fixing culvert, $10.00, collecting dog tax #10.00 ; Clifford Workman, wood #9.00 ;
Wm. Cameron, 3700 feet cedar squares at #22.00 pr. M—$81.40 ; W. A. Hod-gins, 148 loads gravel at 10 cents pr. load—$14.80.—Carried.
Mr. John Palmer appeared and also Wm. Tipping, asking that the Council proceed to ope* out the 11th concession line eastward from its present terminal at John Palmer’s.
Motion—Couns. Smiley and Sinclair—
That Couns Horigins ami McDowell be appointed to visit said concession line and report to this Council at October meeting —Carried.
Motion—Couns Horigins and Barber—
That this Council do now adjourn.—
Carried.
H. T. Hrrpma». Sec.-Treas. U<>. Pontiac Bryson, Que., llth Sept. 1918.
Do the jieople of Canada want to keep faith with the Allies on food ? They do. Are the ipeople of Canada keeping faith with the Allies on food ! They are.
To take any other ; position is to suggest that the i>eople of Canada would rather keep their pre-war food habits than keep faith with the Allies
No true Canadian is break-
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Shaw ville, Sept.	1918
held on the above date Present
on food
ing the regulations of the Canada Food Board for he knows those regulations made in order that Great Britain
are
and the Allies and the Canadian army at the front may be properly fed. Who of us will eat what should be conserved for the Canadian army at the front !
The hearts of the Canadian people sound and in this war to a finish.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
are
Food is a first class munition of war
It w ill be
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
and Canadians so view it time enough to go in for rations in Canada when the people of Canada refuse to conform to national efforts to con-food for Great Britain and the
FRIDAY, SEPT. 27, 1918
serve
Allies, and the Canadian army at the front. When that time comes a police, not a food controller, will be
Custom Sawing".
man needed
Improved Track Improved Buildings More Specials
Better each year.
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
<
Regular quarterly session held at Campbells Bay on the llth Sept. 1918.
Members present :	The Warden, \\ .
R. McDonald, Esq., and Councillors, Jennings, Dunn, Kennedy, Labelle, Ward, Beeman, Paul McNally, Rimer, Gilpin, Thomas, Campbell, Burden, CVReilley and Halverson, forming a quorum.
Coun. Halverson filed his oath of
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-'ments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Priçes are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
Write for Prize List.
office
The minutes of the regular session of the 12th June last and of the special session of the 24th July last were read and adopted on motion of councillors O’Keilley and Ward.
The Warden laid before council copies of all correspondence, resolutions of county council, etc., referring to the investment of the county’s Sinking Fund, which he had submitted to Mr. T. F. Foran, K. C. for his legal opinion as to the legality of the said sum being w ith drawn by this council from the Bank of Ottawa and invested in Dominion of Canada War Bonds, also Mr. Foran’s
this matter dated
W. J. CONNELLY,
0. A. PARR,
Sec -Tbeah.
President,
E T. Hopoins, Secty-Treas.
iy P. 8.—Noted for its good meals.
FOR SALE Reg’d Ayrshire Bull.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
“ Burnside of Green Lake," three years old—registered (No 51688).
Appj6us
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
McCORRISTON,
R. R. No. 1, Maryland
written opinion on
###PAGE###5###
I
THE EQUITY,
SHAWVILLE EXHIBITION
SEPTEMBER 16, 17, 18.
War Trophies of Empire
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Iqtoroiti. Published every Thursday
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
CBSOMPTION, $1 A Ykar in Advamci.
iW AH arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
—» i mij ——¦
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for «t insertion and 5 cents per line or eat h ubsequent Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch tisorted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Oimmerclsl advertising hy the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application. Advertisements received without In-
Xft.CTSttV.ŸÏbSy'l.".
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poeti) declined.	x
T
HROUGHOUT all ages war trophies have been regarded | * as the fit appurtenances of a successful campaign. la Roman times the captives themselves took part In the triumph, and the 3xhibition of trophies was part of the festival that celebrated victory. Today our Ideas have changed; captives, so far as the Allies are concerned, are honorably treated and not made part of a “show”; but the public interest in the captured machines and actual material of war
/>
AUTUMN GOODS
The Directors of Agr- Soc. Div. B., Co. of Pontiao
will hold their 41st Annual Exhibition on their Grounds
at CHAPEAU on
Sept. 23, 24 and 25, 1918
ô
Women’s Collars
What will it be ?—A pretty Collar, a Collar and Cuff Sett ? Whatever it is to be, we have some new and stylish Collars just arrived for Exhibition week. Collars in piqué, in satin, in silk faille, in crepe de chene
—Priced from 50c. to $1.25 each
)
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
-emains unabated. Londoners are lust as keen to see the German guns
it the Imperial War Exhibition as | Increased Prizes were the Romans centuries ago to yiew the captured British war chariots. Apart from all the wonderful mechanism of war, as manifested In weapons, airplanes and the thousand and one Implements and missiles of warfare, this exhibition is a marvelous advance upon all war collections and military museums of the past, by virtue of Its marvellous
PoRaM^from^London, as reported | Apply to the Secretary for Prize LM nml other information
in the Pittsburg Gazette-Times. The photographs which line the walls are vast enlargements some 20 feet long, and the figures are life-size.
They have been taken in the very press of action, and are not mere poses collected in safety miles behind the lines.
The Canadian, New Zealand and Australian authorities have all collaborated with the Imperial War Museum management; War Office Admiralty and Air Ministry, all have contributed their finest photographs and most interesting trophies of the war, so that the whole display is genuinely representative of the nation. But even more interesting than the exhibits was the crowd of spectators that attended Lord French’s opening of the exhibition a few days ago. The audience was indeed representative of Great Britain and the Empire. Soldiers, of course, predominated, r.nd they came from all *.he corners of the earth. This khaki element was not there to grace a society function, but keen to review old scenes and refresh old memories walked and moved stiffly with the restraint born of wounds and
Good List of Specials
Good Special Attractions, Speeches by Refreshments on Grounds, Production Advocates
JOB PRINTING.
kinds ol Job Printing neatly and
cheaply executed. Orders by mall
promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
All
Women’s Boot Silk Hose
With lisle tops and double heels and toes, in black
Take a Holiday and attend the Fair.
white, brown, pearl-blue, champagne ; also black and
With the present-day style of short
Professional Cards.
P. McMAHON,
Secretary.
MICHAEL DUNN,
President
white patterns, skirts, a dressy hose is an absolute necessity
OR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery Doc tor1 of Den taf S urgery, University of Ucen'üaT/ôf Dental Surgery, Quebec
Men’s Underwear-A"tumn Weight
The evenings will grow chilly from now on, and a little heavier weight of underwear is now necessary. See our new line of Merino at
Does your Boy need a New Suit for School ? - The time will soon be here.
Quk
75c a garment
S. A. MACKAY
Men's Fall Caps—Allandale and Eastern
From 7c to $2.00 each
We have nice patterns made up in the latest styles, and the prices will be reduced for the next fifteen days. Call in and see the quality of these Suits
makes
notary public
—-w Que.

Shawville,
Men’s Fine Heather Mixture Socks
In ribbed cashmere at,
.C.L.
A. J.
75c per pair.
was
ADVOCATE, BARRISTEt, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday ...«v.d Saturday of each weelv
The audience
MURRAY BROS
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
lore
;he rheumatic mists of the Flanders
lowlands. The mechanisms of war	_
that attracted the civilian element | THE TAILORS
were familiar to them and weighed but little with them in comparison with the scale models of battlefields.
Round the model of the city of Y'pres both khaki and the older folk who proudly bore their mourning garments were thickly gathered.
The scale of the model was large enough to show a tree the size of a natch, a window In a ruined house, ind almost every detail. Men pointed reminiscently to miniature ruins ;bat marked the sites of dugouts, shelters, or were even billets in the ?ariy days. The soldiers, too, came n for a great #eal of quiet crossexamination from the poor black-;lad parents
Wood?” “Please," asked an old lady plaintively, “can you show me which is the Menin road?" “Englishmen,
Canadians, all ranks from general to subaltern, were swift and soft-spoken n their# explanations; keen to expound and knowledgeable In sympathy, for they, .00, had left memor-es of sacrifice in the city of the lead.
•1
SHAWVILLE.
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
JtC
A 1 vocate. Barrister.
Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and /\sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheum atic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Farmers and Dairymen the time is here
Hull.
196 Main St.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Copenhagen Is used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a afmalU pinch, for a stiaxt, and put it between, the lower lip and gum, in the centre.
Afterwards you can Increase the size of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you desire.
Copenhagen Is strong, because
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion,
dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a
sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five the tobacco of which It Is made is doses will remove the trouble.	cut Into fine grains, which makes it
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren Impart Its strength thoroughly and
frew, writes : “I had rheumatism in
s «S A vî$=
and Kidney Cure, and 1 aui trie from chew, but also one of the finest all pain and stiffness	Quality, being made of the best,
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco, writes : 44 I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times
unable to work. Two bottles of your | 0—larilnn Nurses Two First Citizens.
remedy cured me.”	The first women to win American
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., zitisenship under the new law grant-all kinds of	Renfrew, writes :141 was troubled for Ing Immediate naturalisation to army
Surveying. Division and	Subdivision	of	years with indigestion and tried all kinds	nurses	are two Canadians,	Miss
Lots, Drawing, Copying,	and	Reducing	of	of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic-	Uaura	Master, a native of New	Ham-
—"EEr —i%TrCZ''Z: êHHSirÉI
Hull. | writes : 44 I have not had an attack of, m08t i#o()0 foreigners called into the asthma or coughing since I took the American nation at the close of the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of Theatre by Federal Judge J. Warren
G EO RG E H YN ES tii“e"fc^CoTSwvX!e^;8C^-	Government le granting you
Embalmer and Funeral Director.. wa ; m Joyce, Quyon, Que.; or direct ire engaged We are glad that you
.	.«I	from the manufacturer W. r. Ritchie, ire going to do this work under the
MaiQ Streetjbnawvilie . Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.	Stars and Stripes and as Americans,"
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting	Judge	Davis told the nurses.
for mail orders, add sufficient to cover	The	young women while training
it Chicago Hospital enlisted as American nurses and were assigned to the oase hospital here. Miss Master deeded to become a nurse after seeing 3very able-bodied man among her relatives, to the number of fifty, en-Ist In Canadian or American forces.
Where was Sanctuary
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed oesd&v and Shawville every Saturday.
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that
saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
3	Because it is so simple that a
child can rodily learn to take it .apart and put together again
4	Because it is so easy to keep
clean
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
191 MAIN ST.,
There was somehow more than a )ond of chance-met acquaintanceship ibout the exhibition. The trophies trere too poignant, too intimate—the Audience too acutely “en rapport." People who In the ordinary way would not have spoken a word to one mother felt the Implicit but silent partnership that these battered relics inferred upon them, and somehow >r other a* soon as the opening speeches were over little groups were çoing round. Here a New Zealander was convoying a group of English adies, there an Australian was talk-ng halting French to distinguished visitors. Khaki was telling Its personal reminiscences of Vimy Ridge the Butte de Warlencourt. Machine-guns, snipers' marks, trench nortars and what not came in for a personal explanation, and all social inferences were laid aside.
The Allies and all that the alliance found expression In the little that held relics of impregnable Verdun, presented by its comman-The board that carried the notto of the troops, “Ils ne passeront — a simple signboard, meant nore to the visitors that a mere nueeum exhibit. British and French Alike, we know what Verdun meant, And the memory of its Immortal glory transformed that simple case >f exhibits Into a radiant shrine. So t Is with all things in this first temporary exhibition of the Imperial Up until a few months ago Japan War Museum. The objects all speak supplied the islands of Hawaii with >f heroism, endurance and ^ir-most of their supplies of coal. Dur- sacrifice. Many of the exhibits ar^ ing the year 1916 Hawaii imported nade all or in part by women s labor 87,939 tons of coal, exclusive of the patriotically and ungrudgingly, given, requirements of the army and navy, md all bespeak the national v*il o The bulk of this came from Japan, îonquer and to achieve a lasting ana no shipments having been made victorious peace. These models, too, from Canada, and only one or two nade by wounded men, the shells and
from Australia. In 1917 Japan and inglnes made by womens labor, are Australia failed to maintain their fio less trophies of war than are toe
shattered gondolas of Zeppelins or he mortars and field guns captured rom the enemy.
5 Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
0 Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it is so easy to run
9	Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
I
GEORGE E. MORENCY
MADE IN CANADA
DOMINION * PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
i
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
ceremony conducted In the Liberty
And
A CALL SOLICITED.
<

Ion
Agent.
H. E. MITCHEM
means :ase
iant
ParsonaUttention.Openallhours.
>SS"
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
postage
UNDERTAKING
Mil EMBALMING Local Agents Wanted
<
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m
W. J. HAYES
For M The Old Reliable
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
Use Canadian Coal.
SHAWVILLE
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
MAIN STREET
Ottawa—Maxîwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
(opposite J. Q. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
44 9.00, a. m 14	(C) 12.55, p. m.
44 (B) 4.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m.
Lv Ottawa 44	(A) 6.40, a. m.
Lv Ottawa
Lv Ottawa 44	(A) 3 30, p m.
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m.
Lv. Ottawa 44	** (B) 4.45, p. m.
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12.35, p. m
Thousands of Orchaid trees need replacing.
War Garden call for small fruits, early bearing fruit trees. Asparagus, Rhubarb plants, etc.
The demand for Ornamental stock in towns and villages is large.
Secure •ral
not necessary.
STONE & WELLINGTON
(Established 1837)
TORONTO. ONT
J. L. HODGINS
(B) 8.45, a. m
44
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machine#
and Repaire
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
coal trade with the islands on account of shortage of cargo space. The United States, for the same reason, was unable to ship to this field. 4s a result of this famine the Hawaiian Islands turned to Canada for a supply of coal, and were able to 3uy about 60,000 tons from the Pa siflc coast coal companies at high prices. It is reported that nearly all .he coal used on the Islands now is >f Canadian origin. It la to be hoped hat Canadian merchants will take id vantage of present conditions to •etaln this new busin
#
a paying Agency with lib-commissions. Experience
Centipede Causes Excitement.
A large centipede that had escaped from a banana man ran about In be cell block at Windsor police lead quarters the other day, causing in uproar among the Inmates.
Fighting Freshets.
A new reservoir Is to be built at lylmer, one that will overcome the lood difficulties arising in the spring.
Ottawa—Winnipro—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad 8t. (A) 2.05, a. m.	«3*	^	1
Explanation of signs <A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
R
r*
'ROMPTLY SECUR
only
In all countries. A*k lor our INVENTORS ADVISER,which will be sent free
MARION & MARION.
354 University 6L. Montréal.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
Equity ^dvts. Pay.

88
###PAGE###6###
0
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
'
FUNNY FOLD-UPS : E mBHE
thirty cows, fourteen feet wido snd thirty-four (t#t high
ind (ï’ O
a»
By Andrew F Cerrter. M D
cream checks for one month gt West. Toronto.
¦mm
Lit,r™reS1	"sr- «7 zz'xsjaf- " '*   ssat
B llliilliplii ÜI ilPilii
Lx°tsiatr % a%=........................»— ?—
giSIsS SH-SH5KWÏ S3S2S- -
graffl and feed is much les. for cow, i, giving a large flow.	ed all the doubt.	, .ummer It .a espec.ally the case Tubute to pay
ilSSlfS	iliBSH : pp™Hi EggvBE- sas i
along the last part of the summer it with a large herd of cows, it wou.d amount of grain needed. Silage is in the season.	.	|ng advice on the “Selection and
msm wma mas-mm mrm
r^ssasmÊÊsssm
JSCCdi:csrc s.sr^jrarÆrt -s-srtirtt ,r m	a Hh’BVsrFÂ
SîïWÆttîSo.,w,». £S^Ltssitiî.»--^EE'cT^'LS
%%	-	s* ars itrt, sirs?	,=i. ira m iJœx. s	*3.*	r.
p ;re-breJ draft mares in the coutv stunted for the same reason, and ;-••<, h ,.h. fifteen ,0W!li twelve feet wide , throw out new leaves that vou can u.e	praise	I!,	'.Trl.'iTnf	2T
try are fed good oat straw as their because the mare, are made to work am| tW{-nty-six feet high; twenty ; for salads or give to the hens. Our strong sons give to thee!	°f the v a nr y of beets c. .toU,
exclusive roughage during the winter too soon and too hard after foal v g---—---:---——	-- parsnips, salsify and turnips, tirm-
BvEEEHEpigs, pork and patriotism	#a
seem neces»aey to keep the digestive certain cause of stunting. They	-— x	lightning, that time is now.	; hulbs. If thia 1» done and varieties
system working properly.	are certain to infest and injure every j	Ry A. M. Porter.	High price* for grain, live stock **•	*a\s?noU* *lom °^hers 210
The fact that straw is a heat-pro- animal that grazes short grass on an;	------- and all other farm products make pro- *hat they wil1 not rr?sa th<* f: ,p'
during feed is of importance because old pasture long used by animal».;	to continue to provide us/d by them in the making of valu-	tection imperative, to say nothing C anadian grown seed should compare
the best feed for producing warmth Each kind of animal taints the pas-	t for foreign people as well as our able meat foods.	about the patriotic impulse thatj favorably w\ lmp0,V , *	.
to idle horses is also the cheapest, ture with the parasite* peculiar to it	farmer must put forth his Pory always finds ready sale on all should prompt us all to save food-	to	1 ‘ y’ ae 11 1ues ln 01 !tfr
Idle work horses require only sufTiri-i Pigs afflicted with piles or prolapse • J t0 rf)tiuve more hogs. A the markets because the packers have stuffs that are so badly needed by our characteristics.
ent grain to maintain them in good of the rectum have been stunted and	the prices of pork, on the found many ways of placing it on the4 Country and our Allie*.	,, methods of wintering , g«-
fle-ih condition; all the rest of their often prove a total loss. Lack of '	. markets in this country and market in attractive forms with ex- Another important reason for pro- uMes for seed will vvy m diffeient
feed may well consist of cheap rough- exercise, const: pat ion and feeding of	A oUlnly see that we are slang-' relient keeping qualities. I doubt if	tection if that It will coat less this parts of Canada, hut In most P aces
age. provided it is clean, bright and some irritant, such as unscreened •’	consuming at home, and ex- you can find any other meat from	year than it has ever before, if you 11 Wll] *** no pessary to gwt[them
free from injurious substances. By ground oats, containing hulls are ' _	' more p0rk than we are pro- which so many products are manu- consider the increase in the value of aom* protection. M hen poaslb.e, it
feeding more bright straw and just common causes. Pro.onged heavy P * gome wm 9ay that the feed factored. A large percentage of all the building to be protected.	11 ')0st U' V".e. ' ’ rr H '^-p:oof
enough grain to keep their digestive feeding of boiled potatoes i« another,	fee<j to the hogs, but the meat and meat products manu- Buildings made of wood, stone or c* ,ar- Buti if necessaix - •« VW‘
systems in good order the work cause. Stuffing young p gs on corn . rr;ce has more than doubled in the factured in Canada is derived from brick should always be protected by tnb1®* may, , 8tvr<?d outside, both n horses can be wintered so cheaply as and confining them to a pen also r'f grj| antj th€ farmer can the hogs. All buyers are very anxi- lightning-rods, for those building ma-	and !*rgt quantités, except
to greatly reduce the cost of main- causes stunting, as well as rickets or P*	Qf the waFte fr4.a8 on the ou# to get hogs because their firm terials are not -good carriers of n the «'are of oniona, which must be
tenance. and this means considerable paralysis.	profitable by raising hogs. You badly needs them in order to keep the ( electricity j they offer reelsUnce to k*P* dz^» and e!?l^d ln A C^°I p,ave
reduction in the cost of operating a	— ~	~	xvlll ftPd many communities jn thly markets supplied with their manufac- ( electricity. The lightning stroke where there la lit e or no iro*t. -
large farm where several work teams	After the Grain Harvest.	^nce where the number M hogs lured meat products.	always occurs where the electricity
are kept during the year.	Points worth remembering, they f tve decreased during the past year. The quickest and easiest way of has been obstructed; when it break#
mean money to you. The tender clover whgt hal th|s ca1iaed? Look at the augmenting the meat supply next to through, that is the stroke. If you Wh*t Causes Stunting?	and timothy plants require all growth	market priceg 0f pork and the que#- the raising of poultry is by raising	equip your building with proper car-
voun<r animals is a possible as a winter protection, there-	. answered'. These prices m e hogs. The hog is the most important	Here, and therefore prevent the elec
mmmà
kBSSb §t£=Hi~S	£ sIjTfeiS2
vested the following Meson.	alon- without fate *: a food end farm the hog has no rival. No other Even If one ta expert at the mo-
WauM of this need, the farmer animal on the farm equals the hog in chaideal work Involved, and the Job should endeavor to produce more fate it: fat-storing tendency. The most apparently la simple, It la bent to -Have you a wtfeT" inquired a Bri- | by the qulckeet method. Tbla me- satisfactory meat for shipping on ..cure the terrien, of a profess W1. tUh Tommy of a boche he had cap- thod la by the increased hog produo- trato. or wagons for long distance. Is What you want la protection from .	,torL Nearly ajj the farmers hive a pork. I think In many ways the farm-	lightning, not lightning-rods. There
“Neln." replied the German.	few dairy cows at least, and they are er will find that the hog is one of his	|# no use having rede put up
“Nine * rs»ped the - Britisher in tn an excellent position to raise pigs most profitable domestic animals building unless they are thi taxamLnt “Lumrge where's your I boenuse of the sklm-mllk, buttermilk that he is raising for the market on kind and are properly put on; and
9|	I ^ deify produote which can be the farm.	yoQ want to know that they »
rr \
W’W^/
By Agronomist
mmMmmrn
Co . Ltd . 73 Adelaide St W.. Toronto
V -
are

are
other minerals.
Mineral water is constantly used with advantage by those who have

iwm	_____________ it And winter-kept cows will ro to
How many farms are there pasture when It Is at its best, in the ^	that thp eows sorinar. There will be no drop-ofr,
mer, too

cide upon the kind of medicine which
the
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Mrs. J. M T.—Will bananas cause
I wish to pul
when fresh
Then you can forget all
on right
about lightning dangers and re. your paper while the storm rages out-
England'* Day

Keeping Biennial Vegetable# for Heed. By the term “biennial* vegetables
X
?
Moonlight
Moonlight can never b# the same, Shadow and shine in mystic tre*i; In that eqft gjow, with bomb and flame
They wrecked the wards of gentleness.
Borne on the evening's healing* breath,	-
With silver dabbled wings they» camo—
Tears beyond tee**, death beyond* death?
Moonlight can never be the earns.
born
Calves are stunted by feeding milk
Deserved Decoration.
AN
Rhdbarb should not be pulled when» the stalks become few and thin. Give the plants a mulching of manure,1 which will improve the supply fop
ire pjt r*xt year.
? Highest
on your e right
t «—ara». So Ç
. poclot a
r
r
###PAGE###7###
»
frhe Lieutenant Awakens in Hospital ¦ f
I know my own mind, doctor! Let
me go!	I jfl
Let go my waist. We must retake ¦
the farm!	¦
They hiss like redhot beetles in my ¦
ears,	I
They crush, they never stop. No, J
no, no, no!
Oh, not my leg! leg!
Damn you, sir, let me up walk.
The Captain fell, I tell you—through the head.
Already dawn is creeping past the church
And down the pasture lane come too late.
! hear machine guns coughing
Write this report: the color of pain Suddenly one day
The last ill shall fall away.
Hv died jhe i**t little beastliness that Is in
• • man.	e	our blood
Grenades at fifteen yards’ Now, ghall drop from us as the sheath drops boys, once more!	j	from the bud,
I charge, with all my heart, wit, al	the great spirit of man shall
struggle through
A nd spread huge branches underneath |	the blue.
In any mirror, be it bright or dim, Man will see God, staring back at him.
MEN FROM SEVEN !
SEAS WIN GLORY,
HUN STARVATION STORY IS DENIED
4 A

the last two days able to make splendid advances on both sides of the Somme In the region of Bray and Chuignolles and beyond, one finds It hard to get words to do justice to their fighting qualities, whether it be II m dash or tenacity. Posleres itself was (•ROUND REGAINED B> ALLIES ^ more glorious.
RECALLS THEIR VALOR.
Two Charming Designs
E
TS DIRT

FOOD IS SCANTY BUT LIMIT OF ENDURANCE NOT REACHED.

' Gallant Men From “Down Under."
Oh, doctor, not my
Later in the successive movements	%	_
of the offensive, including the great
the Glorious Battleground of sweep toward Baupaume, they have, Berlin 1* Worst Off—Railroad Service
one particular, at work j with troops of the British Isles, Englishmen chiefly, but in co-operation
HHI Hi	with both the Scots and the Welsh.
One of the strangest things in all The exception has been the share	tl .	. 1A .
this fighting Is the way it thrills borne by the New Zealanders, to, or from the limit of its endurance, so on.', memories of 1916.	(whose performance in the Mirnumont far the civilian population I, con-
HHE
1.,'. r	t: i <^«~ ^ "¦«
tion for the first time In September remembers especially their achieve-
1916, . when
TM, I* Now • Welsh Cuatom. | troop* on their right being held up
»""*« - : L*	£
blue with a totally exposed flank, j One remembers them in every great battle of 1917, ending with their i punctual advance to whatever objective was set for them over the morand streams of Flanders. One
t
I want to
i
Over
1916 Again Sweep the Victorious Armies of the British Empire.
/
Reduced But Punctual,
n
Says Tourist.
CLEANS-DISINFECTS—USED FOR SOFTENING WATER—FOR MAKING:
HARD AND SOFT SOAP----fULL
DIRECTIONS WITH EACH CAN, J
Germany is still far from starvation
They

Suddenly One Day

is red
And black on hills of gray
side
my soull
WHITEN
BEAUTIFY THE SKIN
AND
LEMONS
Make this beauty lotion cheaply for your face, neck, arms and hands.

/
J & McCaUs
4L
our
Mlaard’e Liniment for nal# everywhere.
At the cost of a small jar of ordinary cold cream one can prepare a full quar-v *	-	f,/xoe	ter pint of the most wonderful lemon
### : ### ####
that they displayed “an almost oaten- years. Price, 20 cents.	months. Every woman knows that
tatious luxury.	lemon Juice Is used to bleach and reconditions In Austria Bad.	JÊ	move such blemishes as freckles, »al-
Conditions in Austria are very bad,	Æi	lowness and tan and is the ideal skin
except for those who receive extra	softener, whitener and beauttfler.
food because they are doing war work.	Just try It! Get three ounces of
This class is earning very high wages	/? >Tr5	orchard white at any drug store and	.
and is satisfied with conditions, but	A—two lemons from the grocer and make on my face for a long time and tiled
the rest of the population is longing	^	up a quarter pint of this sweetly fra- a number of remedies without any
organizing ability among the lower	* “	-----—-------- peaie g
classes. He said:
“It sounds paradoxical, but it is this very lack of organizing ability that keeps the dual monarchy from
falling to pieces.”
The railroad service in Germany, he declared, although greatly reduced, appears to be as punctual as In times of peace. The /oiling stock has been repaired and repainted and appears to be In good condition. The traveler had the following meal in a dining car on a meatless day: Soup, fish with potatoes and butter, macaroni with tomato sauce, a jelly tart and tea. The meal cost five marks, or about eighty-five cents at the present rate of exchange.
The Clergyman’s Come-back.
The clergyman was preachi> ; a long sermon from the text, “Thou art weighed In the balance and found wanting.” After an hour the congregation became impatient, and one by one began to leave, much to the annoyance of the preacher. At length, ' as another was about to leave, he •topped his sermon, remarking: “That's right, gentlemen, as fast am you are weighed pass out.”
ments in September,
before last).
What memories come the sentence of the communique, which tells us: “Welsh troops have captured Mametz Wood!” Capturing Mamets Wood will become a habit with the Welshmen if thia goes on.
In the first scene of our offensive August 8, the actors were chiefly troops from overseas. Men from the British Isles had only a small part In the attack north of the Somme to protect the left of the Australians south of the river. It was a thankless difficult part. You already know how well the Londoners behaved In the first advance at the Gressaires Wood, at the Chipilly spur. Later a few , Americans were used here, the^only occasions on which they were" called in these operations; and the Australians spread north of the river so as to have a liaison with themselves across the stream.	I
asses
remembers how they stemmed and broke the advancing German tide of March last In the subborn fighting at Boiry and how in April, further north, brigade bore the weight of the oncoming German masses until the Australians could come vp and do-trali behind them. In thou last days t icy have shown the sa ne old quali-The Guards are the Guards
on
Minard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Dear Sirs,—I had a Bleeding Tumor
one
ties
DAVID HENDERSON Belleisle Station, King's Co, N.B., Sept. 17, 1904.
Conqueror's Oak Falls
still
V
Finally, among the rest of the stout English * troops the Londoners have been named more than once, with especial mention of the Royal Fusiliers. If only for the sake of those who have gone and to comfort those who Below here on the main battlefront, grjeVe for them, one would like to the honor of the first advance was mention each battalion and each shared by the Australians and Cana- company by dinns. It was chiefly a Canadian bat- prjde |* much, but much tie; their advance was the core of the portant it is that England, the empire operation, and on their progress the , an(j the world should have a vision advance both of the Australians' left 0f these armies in the mass, including depended and that of the successive men from all parts of the empire and French armies' right, each of which every walk of life— townsmen, coun-was thrown in only as the advance trymen, men from the mill, the farm, above prospered.	the factory, the shop, the office and
The Canadians are of right claim- moor—all fighting side by side and ing the fighting of the first two days each proud of his comrade and all was the biggest thing Canada has worthy of the cause, done in the war, not excepting the s0 $t is that our men fought this capture of Vimy Ridge. Certainly mcnth. nothing could have been better.
Apart from them the chief burden fell upon the Australians. They had j incidental co-operation, some of the How the North'Sea is Jtept Clear by time with English units, both in the j region not much below the Somme and their extreme right, In the latter of which two areas, especially, there was very hard fighting.
What the “Anzacs” Did.
A correspondent of London. Eng., says Canadian Foresters have felled the famous tree which stood in front of Windsor Castle, known as William the Conqueror's oak. %he tree was reputed to be a favorite of the Norman Duke, who protected it from deer. Old manuscripts show the oak tree existed in the year 900. Latterly the tree became unsightly and was rotten. After Ineffectual at»
l
-

Fleur d'Or
Life is a flower Retailed with gold. And, as each hour In the bells is tolled,

Valor of Overseas Troop*.
and number. Local
name
!
more im-
And shadows crawl From the setting sun. The petals fall One by one.
tempts to have it reinforced with cement, the King ordered Its rein oval.
The timber is very fine grain and color. *One slab is used for a mantle-piece in the small replica of a Can-nadla log cabin built by the Canadians in Windsor Park as a tearoom for the King. A number of souvenirs have been made of the wood. One is a carved plaque of Windsor Castle background and Indian’s head.
i
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER Job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried 11.100. wUI
200 on quick sala. Bos SI. Co.. Ltd.. Toron toi
W
and
Talk Little About War.
Asked what the civilian population Panels are still the supreme favor-thought about the war, the journalist ite. This new design also shows the said:	peg-top effect.
“They have stopped talking about 8510, Ladies' Dress.
It. They talk about food, sports and to 44 bust. Price, 26 cents, theatricals. Berlin theatres are filled These patterns may be obtained nightly and the hotels, by the way, from your local McCall dealer or are being redecortaed and repainted. I from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., asked the rason for this and was told Toronto, Dept. W. they were	for the com-	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
ing of peace. Max Reinhardt is even building a new theatre.
“I asked many people what they thought about the recent German re-,
Their replies were almost
go for 11
Wilson Ti
uMtihlnf
EEKLT NEWSPAPER rOR UAL» Ontario. Owner going ft frame# WUI ##ll It.MS. Worth double
W
McCall Pattern No. In 6 sizes, 34
In N
H.. o/o wunom
Toronto.
FISHING FOR EGGS.
Mlnard's Liniment Cures Dandruff.
¥ ADlEw wanted to do plain
I A and light sewing at home, whole of spare time, good pay. work sent any distance, chargee paid. Bend stamp for particulars. National Manufacturing company, Montreal.
/CANCER TUMOR* LUMPS. EtST V Internal and external, cured with-
Co.. Limited. Coilingwood Ont
Where He Was Dense.
At a dinner in Edinburgh, Baron Kickuchi, principal of Tokio University, .was a guest. An Englishman present told the story of a Scotchman who went to his dentist with an aching tooth and was asked if he would have gas; he replied that he would, but should like to count his money first. * Everybody laughed but the baron. A Scotchman attempted to explain the joke as to the alleged foibles of his race; the baron remained impassive. Others tried, but the baron said, “I do not understand.” Finally he stopped the explanations. “Gentle” he said, “you do not understand
Mine-Sweepers.
The landsman who has never had the joy of exploiting a “Fritz-special No. 1” after a six hours' trawl has a very incomplete idea of life aboard I one of the mosquito craft engaged in In spite of this, however, the battle Q^inesweeping in the North Sea.
In its later phases was the Austra- For four years—winter and sum-lians' battle. When it is remembered mer—the motley fleet of tugs, steam how long and brilliantly they have pftCjtet8| yachts, and even fishing been fighting before this offensive be- trawlers, which collectively form the gan in the Morlancourt area up to minesweeping flotilla attached to the MerA and the magnificent way In Gran(| Fleet, have been fishing for which they swept across Santerre . the devil's eggs sown b y the undersea plateau, and how since then they have p^ates and keeping clean the foot-borne the brunt of the struggle on a pathg 0f the seas. In blinding snow wide front and shown themselves In ; an(1 8Weitering heat they are there;
pacing up and down the thousands of watery acres which stretch from Dover to Denmark—braving submarines, mines and weather.
And of the three, I think any old hand will agree with me it's the last we fear most.
It was just this combination of weather and sea which gave me my first “shake-up” before I had been egg-hunting a month. We were looking for them in the midst of a typical North Sea swell when the mate felled that we'd hooked something, and sure enough up popped a beautiful egg on our left. The usual way to dispose of the mine Is to fire on the “horns ' with a rifle, but the high seas made a hit impossible, and we decided to tow It inshore. Midway to land, a huge onrush of water caught the mine and literally pitched it right into It exploded amidships with a terrific report, and we had about three minutes to abandon the ship before ¦he sank. Fortunately, no one got more than a wetting.
At one time the Germans sent out submarines to raid the minesweepers at their work, and some valiant little battles were fought before the U-boats decided'to leave us alone. The next Hun move against us came from the air. Seaplanes would sweep out of the clouds and engage us with machine-gun fire, until they learnt that an “Archie” on a tug can be as deadly as Its brothers on the Grand Fleet	y
However, hardships are repaid with whan a resounding crash

WOMEN I IT 18 MAGIC I
LIFT OUT ANY CORN
Apply s few drops then lift corne or calluses off with fingers—no pain.
verses
stereotyped : ‘Hindenburg knows what he is doing. If he goes backward it is because he has an object, and not because he has to.' I think this fairly represents the majority opinion.”
WANTED
HEALTHY WHITE RATS

Just think! You can lift off any corn or callus without pain or soreness.

The Little Brother

In his new Scout attire he felt a. inn aim : The hat, its leather strap beneath a
Must be between 3^ and 5 ounces. 25c. each given. Express collect to
E. N. MACALLUM,
243 College St
A Cincinnati man discovered this ether compound and named it
Any druggist will soli a tiny bottle of freezone, like here shown, cost.
drops directly upon a tender corn or callus. Instantly the soreness disappears, then shortly you will find the corn or callus so loose that can lift It right
men,
what I do not understand.” listeners gave rapt attention. “What I do not understand,” he went on, “is not why the Scotchman said what he did, but how any Scotchman should not know, at any time, without having to count it, how much money he has in his pockets.” The laugh was on the hosts of the “dense” Oriental.
His
chin
Where still some dimples flickered out and in,
Placed on a haughty head; hie face all tan.	^
freezone
Toronto
for very Utile You apply a few
J
And pompous looks; his steady legs apart.
We laughed to see him strut, but now—but now
We cannot laugh; we half forgotten how.
And his trim brown equipment wrings the heart.
MONEY ORDERS.
Pay your out-of-town accounts by Dominion Express Money Orders. Five Dollars costs three cents.
5
has always been known a# pure end wholesome but few people could det superior barle/flour to mix
with their wheat.
The barley flour used In making
you
off
Ffeezone is wonderful. It dries instantly. It doesn't eat away the torn or callus, shrivels It up without irritating the surrounding skin.
He is so like his brother, and his coat This pygmy brown one, is a copy
arched In,

His Revenge.
A busy housewife came Into the sitting room with a determined look
in her eyes.
MI really shall have to punish those
children,” she began.
“What have the little beggars been up to now?” asked father, looking up
from his newspaper.
“Why, they've made a mess of my sewing room,” explained his wife. “Needles, reels of cotton, scissor everything has been hidden away in the most unexpected places. It is
really exasperating.”
Her husband laid down hi;? paper,
and smiled benignly.
“I did that,” he said calmly. Then, In answer to a questioning look, he went on; “You tidied up my desk so beautifully the other day that ! thought It only fair to return the compliment -So I tidied up your
sewing
I
true
but
Of what his brother striding through The cheering streets with dancing
flags afloat.
even
Hard, soft or corns between the toes, m well as painful calluses, lift right off. There Is no pain before or after-
If your

The ship that bore that brother overseas
Above the hidden death that menaced him,
To that red shore with smoke and trouble dim—
Took all our calm of mind and pleasant ease.	1
druggist hasn't
us
wards
freezone, tell him to order a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug
nr
(ire

house
*
WfM
“Ils Ne Passeront Pas”
(They shall not pass!)
They shell not pass! A wall of steel prevents them!
The line may bend, bat it can
er break.	e e __
For outstretched unseen hands shall thrust against them.
The impious Hunnish hordes In terror quake
%
is all milled at our own factories and when you taste the rich tan# pf this grain in
GropeiNuts
you nave guaranteed assurance of wholesomeness.

*\RS rs
iamily
SALVE

What
The Boy Scout's graver now. pact he made With that big brother, he has never


told;
But they were comrades those last days, would hold	/
Low talk, the strong hand on the small one . r id x
l
know their efforts are
•a,
in
Try Apple# This Way.
I have found that apples boiled with the skins on, just as potatoes boded In their jackets,M are
delicious than baked
SO\
If any bitter new# should leap the ¦pace,
Saying he fell—this brother young and slim
, WUI take the big, big part assigned to him:
Grow worthy of s eon's, a soldier's,
plaoa. ,
somewhere does at hand tails of one
•sa Km»
icnwi, sunburn, bolls, bruises, *n 1 othef inflammation. ; At deniers, or wnte urf. MiasT atyset .coure4y. neeis*.
more peat cleared from the ocean
bums,' cuts.
"Thtrts • Reason"

much more
The British Ministry at Pension#
ha» 1,145,000


»p£>1w
I An «pole tree that pats all Its Mg-1 best apples on top ooght to be e*am-1 ed of Iteelfl
ED. 7.
ISSUS *7—1*.
¦ta



¦¦
###PAGE###8###
SERT WAINMAN
(lew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
Tie Slawville Beet and Shoe Store
To the Working Man :
Renfrew
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER
SH A WVILLE.
A ttovk of-»*
Victor Victrolas and Victor Records
—Just coming In
Witch for our Exhibit it Shiwvllli Fiir.
Fair
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
Is it not a fact that the working man pays
more now than he eyer did for the shoes he wears in a year
Wouldn’t he be grateful for some way of low
ering that heavy shoe-cost ?
The best advice we can give is—
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
Sept. 18, 19, 20, 1918
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
Bring In your watches and Jewelry needing repairs to u*. We specialize in this class of work and assure you satisfaction.
?
$4,000 offered in Prizes.
Grounds Greatly Enlarged.
More Space for Exhibits.
More Space for Sightseers.
Exhibit of Model Parra Buildings.
Special Speed Events.
Demonstration of Cooking with Wheat Substitutes.
War lie lies from Battlefields of Europe.
Baseball Matches — Renfrew vs. Barry's Bay ; two days.
Balloon Ascension and Double Parachute Drops by Capt. and
Madam Earley ; two days.
The Merry-Go-Round.
Rig, Noisy, Fun-making Midway.
Grounds Brilliantly Lit at Nights.
Square Deal for Exhibitors.
Courtesy to Visitors.
Good Music by Brass and Pii>e Bands.
Fine Displays from Good Farms. Best Apple Show in Ottawa Val-
FOR SALE
FOR SALE
N
1 Holstein Heifer, 1J years old,
1 Holstein Bull Calf,
1 Durham Bull Calf,
1 Durham Heifer Calf,
1 year-old Shropshire Ram,
Also some Ram Lambs.
All registered.
Apply or phone JOS. BROWNLEE,
R. R. No. 2. Shawvlllo
Gcxxl Stock and Dairy Farm —Part of Lots 4 and 5, 1st Concession
of Bristol.
100 acres valuable bush.
Will soil 115. 150, 200, or 300 acres, as purchaser may desire.
For particulars ayJ°*11 e r 1
Bristol! Que.
BUY
The Williams Shoe
They will stand up better and give more service for the price than any other.
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities anil farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
P. B. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
ley
p. S.—Women’s Over-Gaiters in stock now. All colors.
Enlarged Poultry House Valentin
Night
A Jolly People
h»*8 Splendid Orchestra at Shows.
Big Crowd of Pleased
â
Be one of the Crowd
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
For Prize List or other particulars •write
Pictures of home folks carry warmth | A troop ship with 2,800 American and comfort to the heart of a soldier, soldiers on board was torpedoed Make an appointment to-day.	by a submarine 2t>) mile* off the
English coast last week
W. E. SMALLFIELD,
Sec.-Treat
The
11. IMÎ80N,
Xrtiet in Portraiture, soldiers were saved by escorting
British and American destroyers, and the 1 -boat was blown up by a depth bomb. The tran*j>ort did not sink, ami was towed near . .	_ . ,	.	enough to the shore to be Iteaehed,
It is reported Liât many thresh- and it is hoped she can be salvaged.
ing outfits are tied up iu the S\ e-t,
owing to the scarcity of men to operate them.
T. F. BARNET, President
Local and District.
Willard Elliott Norma Hodgins Mvinan McDowell
Harold Wilson Norval “
71
FOR SALE
1.25
Call and have a talk with
us
Strip of land running from government road to the river, part of the front of lx>t 6, Range 1. Bristol. Splendid pasture lands, well wooded and timbered, unfailing water.
Fifty or one hundred acres as purchaser may desire.
1.33
The former C. P. H. line Steamer Missanabie. which has Wen in the service of the British Government since early in the war, and which ,	... ...
has carried many thousands of ,cndell Canadians and American troops rina e i ' rt I across the Atlantic, has at last be- uinmtred
r£l* ........................
tended by two chaplains each. ' ÎV*1*, in0,n a rot urn voyage from | hand, being balance leftafter purchasing Among other important matters, /h ,	. U‘1><)1 t,H i1 ,iat a 11 Hag for the sc hool, made a total of $35.
the revision of the Book of Com- J.* .. v?aJ1 "elv *^>ctu d by tie- which the children decided to send to a mon Prayer is one of the questions s n Se	! branch of the V. M. C. A., whose inter
to be deliberated upon.	Won! has just been received rf is	. di^tcd to the welfare
Shawville citizens were fort tin- that Lient. Gerald D. Murphy of ‘ ° <>lu ,sn * ler8 in r ranee, ate in deciding on Wednesday last the 28th Battalion. C. E. F. and of I
their annual civic holiday. Moosomiu, and Lieut Kingsley | HflMFIVI AKFR5V RI IIRS
While the da v daw net! with a stiff Jarvis of the same Battalion, Fort, ¦! VlwlLlwlfllXLliU ULUDu.
breeze from the north, and vegeta- William, have been promoted to	TIMF fit UPPTIftlP •
tion generally had been smitten the rank of Captain while interned '	llmt Ur MtcMNU.
with the blighting breath of Jack prisoners of war in Holland, the Frost, the weather continued promotion to date from August 1st. bright and clear, and the large 1910. These men were taken pris-contingent who went from this oners at the Hooge engagement, section to help make up the record- Sanctuary Wood, on June 0th, breaking crowd that visited Ot- 1910. Captain Murphy was wotmti-tawa’s big Fair on that date, had ed and captured and was in the no misgivings that anything Hospital at Holders and Jtilivh for would occur to mar the anticipât- some months and later on was ed enjoyments of the day. And transferred to Madgeburg and thus it turned out for those who other prison camps in Germany, did not arrange Ijor any stop-over On April 30th, of this year, he was privileges. But for those who exchanged and interned in Holland decided to remain in the city a with other Canadian officei wet night was in store, followed stationed there. Captain Murphy by a rather disagreeable morning, is a son Major G. B. Murphy of rendering out-of-door activities Moosomiu, Sheriff of the Judicial anything but pleasant for some District and Recruiting officer for hours. Towards noon, however, | the C. E. F. the leaden skies ceased weeping, and (>eople had a chance of again visiting the Fair in comparative comfort, and also of seeing the e*-,
hibits to better advantage—the 1 he following letter shows, in part, density of the crowd on Wed lies- "hat .some ot the children of ( larendon day making anything like careful are trymg to do to help our soldiers
inspection impossible-	10Vvl
1.25
1.25
Beginning on Wednesday last, the Triennial meeting of the (General Syntxl of the Church of England in Canada is being held in Ottawa just now
Via
1.00
B. J. HAMILTON
75
85
.1. A. MACFARLANK,
Bristol, Que
Office and Warerooms
90
1.60
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
<
Notice re. Hunting
All parties are hereby forbidden to hunt or trespass in any manner on the following lots in the township of Clarendon, without first obtaining permission of the undersigned :—
Lots Nos. 3 and 5, Range 10 Lots Nos. 4 and 6, Range 10
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, ' Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavetrougliing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
as
in
Parties found so doing after this no tice will be prosecuted.
\VM. Til TINS,
Sept. 12, 1918. JOHN PALMER
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday,
Murrells - Third Wednesday,
Fort Coulonge, First Thursday,
Bristol, • - First Thursday,
Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
Wyman
Shawville - First Thursday, I HAS WON RESPECT OF ALL
ot each month.	-----1—
Satisfactorily done
The New Licensing System.
Canada’s " new system of license control over dealers involves more than 23,500 wholesalers and 80,000 retailers, the latter Including 30,000 grocers, 16,000 butchers, 50,000 res-tauranteurs, 5,000 bakers, 4,500 fruiterers, 2,000 fishmongers and 4,000 produce merchants.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
9. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
First Friday,
s now
»
Why?
British Working Man, “Making Qood" •a Soldier, Will Never Again Bo Butt of Jesters.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
Children's Aid to Soldiers
What the poor citizen wants Is not charity, or even sympathy, still less regulation; It Is respect, which Is the O. Y. B, LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd |social soil of self-respect That le why
he Is sometimes happier as a soldier, In spite of all the sickening horrors of soldiering; because humanity always has respected, and always will respect a soldier.
Thus, Gilbert K. Chesterton, writ-
Reu. Hodoins, |lnf In the Dlustrated London News,
sums up an argument which, among Its premises, contains the following:
“After all, It will be well to remember that nearly every battalion Is a labor battalion. The commonest type
If we offered you No. 1 Manitoba wheat at $1.00 per bushel, would you buy a carload ?
n
Wednesday of each month at 8 p. n
or
Sherbrooke, July 6, 1918 Miss Margaret E. Harknkss,
Shawvillle, (jue.
E. S. 11. Workman W. M.
Irvin Hamilton Re c:-Secy
### e
Most things can be anybody s gift— your portrait is distinctively, exclusively . yours. Make an appointment to-day. Dear Madam :
H. Imisox,	I am i" receipt of your favour of
Artist in Portraiture. tbe 2n(* of enclosing a money order
* I for $35.00 raided by the No. 6 School, Clarendon.
Permit me to express my hearty The following soldiers belonging I appreciation of the efforts put forth by to this district were included in the scholars and to congratulate them last week’s casualty lists	| their wonderful success. It is remark -
K„ 1 ED IV xf'Tiov	I a,blc what fan l* done *>y chMdren when
kin, Jas. F. Moyle, (father), of	S35.00 will purchase ,t
Qnyon.	well worth the effort.
I enclose a regular receipt for the
If we offered you O. P. R. Stock at $5.00 a share, would you buy a hundred shares ?
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each month
Hbrh Hodoins W. M
Secy
Well, then
The Casualty Lists
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each inonth,^^^
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Cmop. in Com
If we offer you a 812,000 stock of up-to-date, perfect Men’s and Boys’ Clothing and Furnishings at 75c. on the dollar, compared with to-day’s prices—
Rbo. Hodoins
Ccm. S< ribe. | In the trenches, the object of such
wide and well-deserved praise in the press and the public speeches, Is, after nil, Identical with another type—a
TO PARTIES USING TRACTORS, [common object of the streets and the
comic papers. The British soldier Is
All l*arties running tractor engines on generally our old friend the British roads within this municipality arc here- working man.
by notified to carry planks for use when "He has lived by trades that are crossing bridges or culverts, otherwise too often treated as merely, grimy or damages will l*e collected where bridge.4[grotesque; and In the case of new and W culverts are broken.	I almost crude conscript armies, like
those we have lately raised, be has generally quite recently dropped those tools and left those trades. It Is the plumber, who Is charged with pottering about for days before he stops a
1 bell-cow, red and white with horns. ! small leak In a pipe, who has often In
1	2-year old heifer, red and white’s few minutes stopped with his body
mixed.	the breach In the last dyke of dvillza-
2	1-year old heifers, I roan and one tlon, lest it should let in s sea of sav
Hflflllagtry; and there may even be fewer
spring calves, 1 black and white, Jokes about his soldering, now they and one black with sheep hell.	can be answered by a pun shout his
Anyone who can give information re- loldlering. It is the cabman, who was garding them, kindly phone H. H. supposed to grumble unduly at a very Elliott’s, or write	different sort of fare, and especially at
HERBIE HOBBS, at the sort we call warfare."
Portage du Furl
on
NOTICE
Why not investigate ?
449140 Pte Joshua Oetrom. Taken on strength, Hull. Next of kin. Derrick Oetrom (father), Port Coulonge.
Pte Fred Moore. Next of kin, Mrs. John Moore, Calumet Island.
GASSED
amount
Thanking you for your interest in the matter.
We claim and WE HAVE the best bought stock
of Men's and Boys’ Wear in the county, and then some: Stocks bought a year and more back and selling at old prices are what we offer you, which means that your dollar here will go as far as a dollar and a half elsewhere, and better goods at that.
We cordially invite you to call and see our values.
Seeing is delivering, and we are willing to let you be the judge.
Yours very truly,
J. K. Edwards,
Hon. Treas. Red Triangle Fund.
788840 Pte. Wm. John Toner. I t Note :TThis sum was raised by the I Taken on strength Pembroke, children s individual effort, each having Next of kin, Edward Tuner 6»v^n 10 tents a talent, fr«mi the (father), Allumette Wand.	[funds <>f Xmas Tree 1917
months time amon.n as follows :—
K. T. HODOINS,
iSec.-Treus
Cattle Astray
In two were brought in
WOUNDED
3320173 Pte Thomas Robert Farrell. Kin, Mrs. Jam Farrell (mother), Campbells Bay.
Pte Robert Moorhead. Kin Robert Moorhead (father), Campbells Bay.
3055191 Pte. Joseph Edwin Kerrigan. Taken on strength Kingston. Next of kin. Paul Kerrigan (father), Campbells Bay.
Edwin Alexander Wilson Barber Elvyn Corrigan Erma Corrigan Lillian Dagg Wesley Dagg Hawley Elliott Ena Elliott Alfredda Elliott
$ 3.05
red and white mixed
85
2.10
2
1.10
1.00
1.00
40
ARCHIE DOVER.
85
76

