###PAGE###1###
No. 12, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
SEPT. 12, 1918.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
. ESTABLISHED 1874.
The Road to Independence
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
Trouble cornea to all of us at one time or another.
faStesste stirs/ss s
outrageous fortune”.
It is the duty of every man to lay aside something for the inevitable rainy day.
Open a Savings Account today - and take your first step along the road to
Independence.
4,750,000
Pickles
OTTAWA
94 Branche In Canada*
Conservation of resources means success.
Conserve YOUR assets by building up a Bank Account. %
Savings Department at all Branches.
Now is pickling time. We
are ready with the same old reliable brand
i
of
Vinegar
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
Fort Covixingk Branch. Camvbku.8 Hay Branch, Shawvii.lk Branch,
W. W. Mitcbkll, Acting Mgr. J, IX Kennkally, Manager. A. H. Mulhkrn, Manager, Portage nu Fort Si r Office, Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corner* Sub Officm, Open Wedmwday and Friday.
We have sold it for years, and every tomer satisfied. The last drop of it fully guaranteed,
A full line of—
Spices, Butter Crocks,
Fruit Jars and Flower Pots.
CUS-
Head Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLK BRANCH, .... QUYON BRANCH, .... CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH,
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager. A. A REID, Manager. D. L. WILLSON. Manager. C. E. SHAW, Manager,
MiLLmmY Opening—Sept. 14th, 1918. Mrs. D. S. K elle y.
Get a prize list Shaw ville Fair—
Sept. 16, 17, 18.
Chapeau Fair-Sept. 23, 24, 25.1 Duksshaïinh at moderate prices.
See acivt. on 4tli page.	|	Miss Kva StSph ,
Campbells Bay,
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOt
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
ty A. Dover's store will l>e
closed for the day on Monday, 16th I The Jr. Homemakers’ will hold
an afternoon Tea, Friday, Sept. Arnprior Fair and Trials ot 13th, on the lawn at Fast view, Speed, September 16th, 17th and (Wm. Hudgins’). Voluntary sub-Uth. $1,006 in purses.	| scription.
Miss M. Foran, wishes to announce her Fall Millinery Opening,
Sept, 14th. Over J. 11. Shaw s store.
For Stenographers. For the past ye the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. Id every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
ear
J. H. SHAW.
/
Our instruction Is individual, and the Is open duiing the
Your family, friend, and burine*. ,,	not
sonates want your portrait. A nice pay a cent more.
range of folders to choose from.	More than 300 students from other local
H s 1 misoN	colleges have in the past joined our class-
__ Artist in Portraiture.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short- M»ke a specialty of preparing candidates han't. Typewriting, Penmanship, Spell- for *"ese examinations. Start NOW and g. English, Correspondence, etc.	be ready for the 1 all Round I p. Our
Send for circular.	school is open all summer.
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503

COWLING

OTTAWA, ONT.

The work meeting elf the Shaw-ville H. M. Chib wtll be held i>n Thnraday evening ef this week at the liome of Mrs. G. A. Howard.
W. A. HODGINS
PERSONAL MENTION
/
{
A fine assortment df War Relics from tJhe Battlefields of Europe on display at Renfrew Fair, Sept. 18, lit. 20.
Balloon Ascensions, Parachute I Friday last.
Drops, Men y Go Round, a lively Midway, good music, all attrae- Mr. | I H tions at Renfrew Fair, Sept. 18, It), families, closed their cottages at
Green Lake last week jn*t in time I Renfrew Fair, now the second I
Tlir Murrell Homemaker*’	Club	to es-apethe big rain fall of Wed-	largest comity fair in Ontario,	- Learning office work Is like learning
will meet at the home of Mrs. M. | nesday night and Thursday morn-1	apart from the cities, is showing	any other kind of work or trade or pro-
signs of further Growth this year. fe**ion mwwwwwwwwi=^w^
removal to the hospital he advised. el 1 1 •	» M	XN College- la that they are the only
—	spent the past hvo months visit-	ed in one arm and one leg.	La.st year our Increase was 43°/. This
aw a mmmmmmm m	mm	mg relatives at McCord, Saak.,	Other boys from this neighbor-	yea.rî? Natela even better. Still EmployS H A \A/ \7 T T jTj TC I and her eon Her mon at Man ville, hood reported wounded last week Sîlii	Bxceed the Number of
TV _ _¦¦¦¦¦¦ Alberta, has returned from her I were	Privates L. Harris and U	Graduales-
western trip accompanied by her Willie Crick of Starks Corners-daughter-in-law, Mrs. H W il son the latter for the second time, and children—Jean and Roderick.
Miss Phyllis Black has been visiting Campbells Bay friends.
Miss Eva Stephens, of Campbells Bay, visited friends in town on
XV B.Gowlino, H.G. W, Braithwait, President.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Rank and Sparks St*
Principal
SHAWVILLE
The season’s latest styles i Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Smiley and I Millinery on display at r. and Mrs. A. Dover, and Foran’s on Saturday. Sen

EXPERIENCE
y les m „	Mi<< M.
Dover, and Koran's on Saturday, Sept. 14th.
'
vs.
*
EXPERIMENT.
20.
<

McGttdre, Sept. 18th at 7 o’clock 11,l)f Progiwm: Reading by Miss
Velveteen
p. m. Cook..

For Fall Suiting in Black, Navy
Matolet, Seal Brown, Tobac Brown, Copenhagen, Cardinal, Myrtle Green and Ivory. No better value will be shown in Suit or Dress material.
LIST OF DONORS
-TO—
SPECIAL PRIZES
• —AT—
k
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont.
n .. m .	.	i *• t l a n ....	îyi Sparks Street, entrance between
Rev. Mr. Tripp received a card Mi\ John A. Renmck is in a very Ketehum*& Sims.
from his eldest son Wilfred, which «©nous condition as the result of	A position for every Wills* Graduates
n	,.Ml .IStated that he was writing it on a kick from a horse on which he
11.	Campbell,	Uttawn.	ground that was held by the Ger-	WttS operating last Friday. The
$35.00—Wju.	J. Horner and Bons, Char- mans the day before. Doubtless	injuries sustained are in the head,
teria.	Wilfred was with the Canadians onti eHlk of the animal’s shoe strik-
when the*y made their 15 mile	inK him in the region of the temple,
smash through the German posi-	ami the other inflicting a wound a
810-00 eagb—	j tiens in front of Amiens.	inches lower towards his neck.
r?	«2$* ?" Ms	s "ïier.7
W«l Hodgiuit, M. L. A., Sheweslle.	where she purposes taking thè Ithe horsc stri,ck hllu-
puty.	'
FAIR
Willis College
Sept. 16, 17, IS.
Price only 75c. per yard
Corsets
Brown Optical
SHjOO—G. D. Sullivan, Shawville.
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
We sell the famous D. & A. Corset.- Our new Fall stock has just arrived and we have a complete range of styles.
—Priced from 75c. to $3.00 pair
set-
552 St. Catherine West
r
I W66J
n Saturday the physicians in at»
PPVHpMlHR peritonitis had eet in, and after consultation with Dr. Webster, over the phone, the latter decided that he could render Mr. Hanna no assist-
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
F. WanieM. R. N<l 1, Shawville.
Merchant» Bank, tihawvllle.
A. Byer. k<X Montreal.	*e4tiroes Doings.
Iee?-
onawvine.	• evening &ud hopes were revived
that he might recover.
Hose..
For this week we offer an extra
good Cashmere Hose (sizes 8& to 10) at 75c. per pair. This is a line that is worth at least $1.00 on the present market.
13.00 EACH—-
Dr. H. B. Fraser, Shawville.
Dr. C. F. C. Powles, "
W. E. Maitland,
Wm. Graham, Bristol,
J. B. Armstrong, Shawville, James Cahill, Dunraven,
John Caldwell, Caldwell, Bristol, J. E. Dolan, fortage du Fort,
R. J. Hamilton Shawville,
C H. Hodge,
C. W. Hodgins,
». W. Hodgins,
G, L. Hynes,
XX ANTED — At once, girl for light house work. Good wages.
Mrs. D. S. Kelley, Shawville,
Underskirts
OUTBOARD MOTOR FOR SALE-Mairncto and Automatic Reverse. In perfect order—good as new.
Dr. Beers, Campbells Bay.
The School Fair.
The Annual School Fair for the Clarendon School», held in the Ex- * >	1 ® I
hi bit ion Hall on Thursday last, nr- .	Baptist Church,
when the handicap of very un- %./"*%***' Sept. 8rd, Laura Helen favorable weather is considered, (x>dley, of Shawville, to Mr. came off very satisfactorily. There Cra,, A> ,r	Kimberley,
wsa ft very creditable exhibit, and S* V/' soV Mr. and Mrs. H. rather keen competition in some *ortier, ot XX estmount, Que.
elaeaes. The attendance included iioUnd Millar, D. M., Campbells Bay, quite a number of parents of A. J, McDonald,	“	“ ehildreu participating in the comS. A. Mackay, V. P„ Sh.wrille,	this newEM
Gerald C, Hodgins, “	which the youngsters «re figuring
Murray Bros.,	"	of lute years.
Dr. 8. L. O'Hara, “	The judging in the several de
A Hiv	H Vn 8 “	partments. was performed by
âm<mk
IgSSig? s
Ladies’ Black Sateen Under-
3 dozen left in stock
VXTAN TED—Nine tons of first-class hay for driving horses ; to be delivered as needed through the winter, beginning Oct. 1st. Aiso.two tons of presseu straw. Apply to Dr. C. F. C. Powles.
Shawville.
skirts around $1.00.
worth
U
U
Our price to clear 75c. each
WANTED—A young girl to do general housework. Family of three. Good home .	and good wage# to suitable party.
At Shaw ville on Sent. 2nd, to (Jennie E. Morrison recommends this
H*ro1'1	» Sg""""""
---?---*-	Coursol St., Montreal*. Que.
Death»	hJ
Births
W. A. HODGINS
St,
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551
e
-1

###PAGE###2###
\
I
SUPERB VALOR OF THE CANADIANS
ÎADVANTAGE OF GOOD ROADS
S^cv* f/fc
Add 1o Value of l’arm Land and lm-
Sorlal Condition*
S
BQYS.0 GI
prove
»•
In the state of Indiana, the. avcr-svlling price of land haa h*en in
5


ê
creftned about $6.48 per âcre
Fhe Indiana farmers
by im- MANITOBA OFFICER 8ET AN IN
SPIRING EXAMPLE.


ET#

proved roads mm	¦ 1
estimate that improvement of all ronds would increase average land
values $V per acre. They eshmato N{>ubIo Achievements of the Various
poor road * a? 76*cwiti^pir^ acre,which	Csnadl.n Battalions Will Oti
capitalized at 6 per cent., represents	Down to History,
a depreciation of $12.67 per sere
Another enquiry, carried on by the Numerous stories Office of Road Inquiry at Washington, hand of Individual gallantry and inshows that the Increase in land values itiative In the field during the recent due to good roads ranges fhom $5 to fighting east of Amiens. A Manitoba $20 per acre. Nothing can show better battalion was held up in the attack on than these figures how valuable an Fouqiiestcourt, which lies within the asset good roads are.	old Somme defences, and was Jsry
One of the first things the prosper- strongly held by an elaborate trench tive purchaser of a farm wants to system of machine guns and wire, know about a district is the distance Realising, however, that the capture from the railway station and the of the stronghold was essential to sue-character of the road from the stn- cess of the entire operations, the tion to the farm. Some branches of	commanding officer collected all the
Agriculture are much more dependent	men available and personally led a
------------ ¦	| upon good highways than others. The dashing assault Into the heart of the
He was about to search for a fat	could not hear each other; and so the	Corporal « derived	from the	aame	^ g gh comendadorf	a knight, a	hampered, however, by the necessity	court on August b. The cavalry had
worm with which to tempt his little	fisherman began to look for a pla^e	Latin word as apUi	,	"	commander, or the superior of	a mon-!	of doing *his hauling in good weather	been held up here by converging
captives, when he heard a sound at where he could cross the stream. I admixture of meaning ana i p g, ftst The French have the word regardless of market conditions and machine gun fire from the south of the the cabin that caused him to rise on ! By jumping from rock to rock, of the English word corps.	commandeur, the Italian comandatore. of whether or not his farm opera- Roye road and the woods to the north
¦¦	His father while the dog jumped and swsmbe-	; Commandant, however, meaning the ' tiens are scriouly retarded by the and east. The battalion was similarly
was not in sight. There had been a hind him, the man succeeded in cross- commander, hence the i trend caporal.	of r fortlfled town’s garrison, absence of himself and his team. For held up, but Its commanding officer
loud thump on the ground, and then	ing the stream. Jean met him it	Origin	of *'Brigadier.	&e comes from the mediaeval Latin the dairy farmer, the fruit and vege-	realized that the koy to the position
silence. On his hands and knees	the bank and tried to explain that ms	Brigadier is	of course from	com-	commandator, a commander, and com- table grower, qm* for the producer of	was	a small wood to the north east,
Jean waited to hear the sound of his father was hurt back there at the mon	with brigade and means a mandare, to command.	perishable commodities of all kinds, which was alive with machine guns,
father’s axe, but he heard only the	cabin in the woods; but he talked such	brigade’s commanding	officer.	The	Ensign goes back to	the	Latin	ability to get his products to market	Taking advantage of the smoke screen
ripple of the brook and the hum of a	a queer mixture of French and In-, Bource of brigade is	the mediaeval	insigne, a standard, by	way	of in-1	at all seasons of the year and in all	afforded by a burning tank, he led in
busy bumblebee.	| dian and English that the fisherman Latln noun brtgada. from the Latin oignis, meaning distinguished or re- kinds of weather is undoubtedly in- a hastily-collected party and rushed
After a moment Jean scrambled up could not understand what he said, it verb brigare, to contend. Brigand is markable. A rank of ensign existed dispensable to success. For all kinds the wood, capturing sixteen machine the bank and ran to the cabin. A	was plain to see, however, that some- - nn offshoot.	Do not remind	your	in the British army till 1871, when its ‘ 0f general farming, therefore, a good	guns	The battalion then took the
sight that filled him with fright and	thing pretty had had happened some-	brigadier of this; it would be unkind,	t*tle was changed to second lieutenant. I country highway is essential to the	town	with a dash, the enemy retiring
dismay met his eyes. There on the where, and when, Jean beckoned and also lintrue. (Should you run across	------*------- most profitable operation of the farm routed.
ground lay his father, white-faced started back toward the ca in e tbe German equivalent of a brigadier	To Mill Mixed Grains	and *o any considerable develop#- Very brilliant work was done by the
and silent. On	his head	was an	fisherman followed,	with	the	<	at	g0 as far as you like.) The Italian	In order to save for human con-	ment of agriculture at a distance fiom	scouting officer of a	British Columbia
ugly wound, and	near by	lay the	his heels	,	word is brigadier® and for brigade,	; #umption the large amount oi wheat	a market town or shipping station,	regiment throughout	the operations of
spruce log. Jean saw at once what	Straight back to the cabini J	ran	birgnta A brigade is a party or dl-, Rno	barley which have been grown	Other advantages it	confers	are bet-	August 8 to 10
had happened. In putting	that	them, and there they fou™	vision of several regiments,	«quad-	¦ ^	ycar in many pQrts 0f Ontario,	ter school facilities	for the	children,	single handed rushed an enemy uia-
heavy timber into place, his father father still lying on the gro	rons or battalions	'	thur to relieve the demani oil1 better rural free delivery service, chine gun which was'holding up the
had slipped; the log had come down tionless and white-iacea. 1	Adjutant is derived fairly straight wheat, mills are being prepared,under greater attractions forpleasure seek- advance. He shot two of the crey
and struck him a g’ancing blow on the erman seemed to know just un « from the Latin verb adjutare, to aid, the direction of the Canada Food ers and touring clubs, better atten- and took tho other two prisoners, but
h$2l—____________-____ =-do\ ™	watcr	and its primary meaning denotes a Board, for milling such mixed grains, dance at country churches and an received a severe wound himself
“Father! Father!” cried Jean.	sprinkled the ^jured m^ s	regimental staff officer who	assists	Fall	wheat was partly winter-killed	Improved social life	on the	farm and
iBut there was no answer; and sud-	got him into a ^^rtalne 1	c	k. . the colonel in the discharge of	details.	ln certain districts in Ontario, and it	in the village*, WÊÊÊÊÊÊtlÊÊÊÊlSÊÊÊÊ^^Ê
denly the great woods seemed more . 1 a 1 c ^ t • . t u UD I Quartermaster has a bad heritage, was necessary to re-seed the land with Primarily, the benefits of good no means rare
si * r,i and lonety	than ever before,	opened n e^es	ki=	hand tn	his	It has been borrowed from the Ger-	barley. As a result, many farmers	highways go to the farmer, but less	Western Ontario battalion on August
Again and again	Jean tried	to rouse	but san - in am	p	,	feeling	man quartiermeister. The Swedish	will have mixed barley and wheat,	directly they go to tho merchants	9 worked his way up	a disused trench
his father; he oven put his lips close head. ^ 001 »	VhiU the fisher- form is qvartermastare.	! which cannot easily be separated com- and manufacturers by giving them to an enemy machine gun post, which
to his father s ear and whisper ed, better, an	J'‘ ‘	» u^unJ UD j Provost (French prevot, Italian pre- mercially except at undue cost. It wider markets for their goods and he bombed, killing two and taking four
•Pieaae wake up; I going to cry; man mat e a o h mdkerchiefs vosto) hails from the Latin praepo- is the intention of the Canada Food by decreasing the cost of distribution, of the crew prisoners. He then turned p ease open your eyes.	I h!* !v :i' "1 . 1	,	' , father fell%situ8’ a president or chief, and signi- Board to standardize the flour manu- In road improvement lies one of the the gun on the retreating enemy.
mm mm
There U » popular "“-.conception of	----------^------------ ----------------,------------------x.	enabling the latter to make the dlapo-
the source of the word admiral. Many ! Keeping a man’s noae to the grmd- THE VALUE OF WHEAT altlon necessary to aucce.a, and so people think it comes from the Latin stone doesn’t sharpen his wit,.	'	--- j ,-apld was the advance of the Canadian
vgt&Jz	-	“	SüSSnsS
amir or emir, meaning ruler, common-	Saskatchewan this summer.	The vegetable	kingdom has the	Tbis signaller was one of a party re-
dcr. with the Arabic article^!, which	British Columbia fruit growers	greatest bounty of all to offer to man-	apone|ble for the maintenance of the
usually has the force of of. Amir-al-	have been warned of the danger of,	kind. Although	“man shall not five	brigade signal communication and
umara, is perfectly good Arabic for	an invasion of locusts from the State	by bread alone,”	it is an undoubted	was continually in the front line work-
‘ruler of ruler».”	! 0f Washington.	, fact that western civilization would lng under heavy shell and machine
find it difficult tn get along without gun fire.	His devotion and courage
wheat and its products.	were an inspiration to the nrst of th€
The world’s total production of party, wheat approximates bushels a year
And he answered,	Fear not: for	too. Was it accidental that the	000,000 of	the	largest freight	cars,
they that be with us	are more than	Piave, like ancient Jordan, reached	making a	train	reaching more	than
they that be with them.—II. Kings, flood at the psychological moment? one and a half times around the earth,
AP	| ‘Colonel* Is a Column Leader. j 16.	This is no reflection on the splendid to move this great annual yield. Mov-
UKHjlI* Ur	The Spanish for colonel is coronel, The prophet’s servant could not fig- fighting of the Italian army, but as ing at twenty miles an hour, this train
_ â ____ niffm nn the Italian colonello. The Spaniards - ure it out It 3eemed to him that he the swollen torrents of that patriotic would take thirty days to pass a giv-n/|H IT ARY	I	I	II	l« S'originated the	word 400	years	ago and	,	and his Master were	in a hopeless	river came pouring down into the	en point.
lrilLfi 1 nil	1	111	LiLiU	geem	to	have	made	it	by	combining,	mjnority. But >hen	he got hi* eyes	Venetian plain the river seemed to be Take Russia, for instance. She has
---	|	the sense of the Latin columns, a	j opened wide enough to see the unseen	*^2 to its	people:—41 Let me	get 1	288,000,000	acres of excellent wheat	,	__	,	r, .
column, with that of corona, a crown.	, djscover the invisible host fear,	into this	battle, too,	and have a hand	land. She	was the greatest exporter	Men of the ( anadiun	Royal	Engin-
REACHES FAR INTO THE DIM f0now the French spelling, but in faded out and a great confidence pos- in driving the insolent foe from the of gran in the world before the war. eer* worked continuously throughout
pronouncing we retain the Spanish R, sesÿed him	fertile valleys whose thirst I have It is to a great extent because of her the whole battle, repairing broken
hence ‘kernel,” as we say it. Literally	ln tbj8 world war we are prone to	watered	since	first	God made	the	defalcation	that wheat is so scarce to-	wires under	heavy fire
it means the leader of a column or of	think onl of tbe armies we can	world.”	day. It is	estimated that only one-	m0Bl notable	exploits of the	battle was
the company at the head of the regi- j CQUnt and he ia a fool who would dis- These are Oui* Unseen Allies third of her crops have been put in ^ establishment by the observation
KWH SIS
or' Cothir. That i., « marshal ws.	ComLatlons of the word, such a,	w„ a time when we needed U> grow	i. love that bind, the Allies. I mu.t	Pfr acre ln 1912a3 to 1L70 short ton,	party equally with Prussia-, treat*
once a horse boy.	lieutenant-colonel, mean an officer	»uch crop., tor we must feed all who	believe that God Himself I, still in ac-	per acre in 1916-17.	which the German Chancellor admit-
General,-the noun, and the adjective	subordinate and assistant to the rank	fight for freedom, and the fields are	tion. for all whose cause is righteous	If it had not been for the assistance	ted it w„ a crime to break and for
general, the antonym of particular, go	to which lieutenant is prefixed. In	loyal. Nature seems to be saying to	and that He not only fights for but	given by the North American contln-	his crime offered the slaves excuse
' back to the Latin general!., meaning Europe.n armies, by the way, the the flag:-“I am with you In this w,t^ H,s people.	ent the majority of the French people of necessity^ All this Is clear. Let
belonging to o race or kind, and Itself lieutenant-colonel is Often the real war!" The soil from whose fertile These are some of our unseen all let. would be going entirely without sugar «. not forget It. Let not the excite-tracing to genus genera, from gignera,	commander of a regiment, Its colonel	lap the crops spring, the rains from ;	Therefore, "hear not; for they that be	at the present time.	ment and the horrors whlcn have hap-
to begat. Generali, in Caesar’s and	being some royalty whose duties end	heaven and the sunshine, the golden	with us are more thaï, they that be	   P«n«d 8,nce' »nd »»«t happen stfll,
Prvnpcy’s day had nothing to do with	with having himself photographed in	harvest field, and the green rows of	with them.” Bie Kaiser ran never	The Ciirata-' H.ve you heard that	deafen our ears and heart, to these
the array; the Roman general was an	the uniform. The Kaiser’s daughter,	corn are all shouting to their allies ;	whip armies thus reinforced He	Fred Sandy has fot the C.C.?” Vil-	fundamental reasons for cur engage-
toi perator The title general primar-	Princess Viktoria Luisa, is colonel of	in France:—“Fear not; you shall	cnu'.A,easier halt the tide» or drag the	age—"Oh, lawki! I ’ope it ain’t catch-	ment in this war. No mourning foi
ily means an officer holding a general a crack regiment of cavalry.	have bread enough and to spare!" stars from their sockets.-R,v. James Ing. My Bert’e it the Same regi- sacrifice,, however costly, must muf.
Sergeant, the French f<y which Is Providence seems to be on our sida, I. Vance.	.	. 'ment.*	fie the original conscience of oarwajt.
i
if
i
ft

t
ÀM
TA

w àa


down the
For a lung t nu .lean van
He did not know how far
Bear Lake realty was; he did
trail»
i
When Jean Was Brave
Little Jean Label le had no mother; Path ehe had died eight years before, when awa*
*2 Bias
that Jean went to was the school of his Nrr> ftit an o the woods.	across his path.
This summer he and his father had By and by Jean came to a ' l, in| come up Two-Falls Brook and were that rushed and roared over rocks ana
building a house of spruce logs. At, boulders. The path fol . l. j Somme She has no least Jean's father was building it. bank. Ho did not remem >ei •	M beap uf «tones by the Germans
One day, when a cool summer had ever seen it before breeze was tossing the poplar leaves, Suddenly he stopped and *tare Jean was playing in the brook. By across the stream. Iheu* on 6
«
sni
are coming tu
$
that many
On
ran
»
l’othetic picture of a Frenchwoman harvesting grain In the region of the
housework to do becatkM her hOBIS has been reduced to
Her baby Is playing placidly beside her.
Jean was playing in the brook. By across the stream building a little dam of sand and rocks of the farther side were J wo
•tones he had made a tiny pond in
which there were three • shining, » ing rod. -------------------
speckled troutlets. Up in the clear- of the water drowned his voice
ing Jean’s father was putting the last man did not hear, log on the front of the cabin. The ever, suddenly saw three small fish ii
Jean; he lay flat on the sand beside stream and saw Jean, — the water with his face close to surface and watched them

counter attacks for two days
can
the
his hands ami knees
he
On one occasi

These cases of single handed attacks on machine gun positions are by
The corporal of a
dog at their feet
He was unable to rouse his father; was Prince, he needed help, but where in all that great woods could he find it? Lonely prise of Jean and the fisherman, lakes, stretches of dark forest, hills Jean's father was the first one up. and swamps and streams surrounded His head was sore, he said, but other-him. Could he find anywhere In all wise he was as well as ever. He was that wide and silent land the help that very thankful to the stranger and he needed? He thought of the little very proud of Jean for bringing him. trail that wound in and out through When the sun was high, the fisher-the trees for thirty miles before it man helped Jean's father put the last came to the settlement at Hear Lake, log on the cabin; then he and Prince and suddenly he made up his mind	said	good-by and went	back to	the
that he would go down that long path	stream.	Jean stood in	the path	and j
and get help.	never stopped waving his hand until j
He turned and, with heart beating	they	were	out of sight,	and the	last
fast and a big lump sticking in his	hing	that	he saw was	Prince wag-
throat. trotted away from the cabin, ging his tail
thing useful to do
In the morning, much to the sur-

THE WEEKLY SERMON
4,000,000,000 It would take 4,-
Very valuable work was done by regimental inielllglence officers was an officer of a Quebec battalion who established his observation post with the forward companies and thence directed his snipers where the; were able to inflict very heavy casualties on the enemy and put several machine guns out of action.
Deeds of Nova Scoflans.
Such
AND DISTANT PAST
One of the
Many Army and Navy Titles Have Come by Slow Evolution From the Latin.
Some wonderful deeds are related
»
was

*
Our War Alms.

•OD^nand.
/


X
###PAGE###3###
#
f
have been increased by nearly 7*r 000,000 lbs. per annum, an Increase of 6,796 per cent, ever the average I net exports for 1910-1914.
Net exports ef pork have been increased by 126.000,000 lbs. per * nuro, an increase of 671 per cent over a five year pre-war average.
Before the war, Canada was importing batter at the rate of 7,000,000 | lbs. annually. This country is now producing enough butter to meet domestic requirements and, in addition, Is exporting at the net rate of more than 4,000,000 lbs. per annum.
It is estimated that Canada export-
England Oblige.
ROYAL YEAST CAKES
A ('oml)iivitlon Of Materials
LMà.
Al
When he warn Just a tiny little lad, He'd spend hours In the malUonad gallery
Dreaming about the pictured panoply hie	forebears
Peter clad In shining mall; Lord Perdra), who
rM
j

7
ftoc4
For outside or inside Ljp work this ie the	,
S. paint that give#	!
satisfaction.
sn-
arl ra Lord
3
HAS BEEN CANADA'S FAVORITE YEAST FOR MORE THAN 30 YEARS


M
had
J
•It
4
I
m
Mûmes, won at Nasehy ; young Sir Willoughby,
Painted as ensign he was lost at
» •

\
Wmm
-A
'&\Hs
/afeT ^
TO FOLLOW x

sea;
And gay Hir John, who fought in High land plaid.
I
m
8
t
:»>
/
MAKE PERFECT BREAD
MADE IN C ANADA
/
big 111 go ffrthlng too," he’d
)SA
sum
ed at least 26 to 80 per cent, more Wheat during the last twelve months than could have been exported, had it not been for the efforts for conservation and organization of this country's resources.
By standardization of flour and lengthening of the extraction in milling, a saving of 20,000 barrels of flour per month is being effected.
Conservation measures and voluntary saving in the homes have reduced Canadian consumption of flour from 800,000 to 600,000 barrels per month, as compared with pre-war consumption. This means a saving at the rate
"When I'm ¦ay;
And BOW, tns wlnli fulfilled, he lies at rest
In Picardy, the V,C. on his breast.
His Colonel wrote: "Lord Julian was •o gay,
Bucli an example of

Insist on Ramsay's
Pure Pilot, because every gallon Is tested for uniformity, elasticity and free flowing qualities.
V

<
i
¦
WO
*4

1
. N
!>!
Sugar Certificates Necessary
Proprietors of public eating placed brave hearted throughout Canada have been notified grace,	that they must obtain a sugar certi-
fie honored Kngland and a fighting fixate from the Canada Food Board
by September 1st. A sworn statement must be filed with application# for certificates, stating amount of 19 SKIN WHITENER sugar used between January 31st,1917,
and December 31st, 1917. After Sep» How to make a creamy beauty lotion tembor let it will both illegal and
impossible for public eating houses to obtain sugar without a certificate.

hi tore* tlnf booklets end •
A. RAMSAY * SON COMPANY
MAE**» OF FAINT» AND FAMNISMKS SINCE 194»
MON THS Ai	V,

1
race/'
%»


GIRLS! LEMON JUICE
For Sale by all Dealers
Ci U< CâLl
%
- and in another by employing trained	I H	I
cormorants to fty to Essen and pick ; of 2,400,000 barrels per year,or,countout the mortar from Krupp’s chim- ing the saving by lengthened extraction of milling, of 2,040,000 barrels per year. This is equivalent to saving of nearly 12,000,000 bushels of wheat.
Conservation efforts in Canada are
WOULD MOUNT GUNS ON FROZEN CLOUDS
for a few cents.
The Juice of two fresh lemons	----—
strained Into a bottle containing three Mlnardt Liniment Corea Dandruff, ounces of orchard white makes a whole
i
neys.
An Offensive Lawnmower.
1
Constables Pledge Assistance
At the annual meeting of the Chief
One corerspondent sent quite a number of original methods of repelling attacks, including large calipershaped devices which could be closed on any one intruding between the legs; a series of nets spread in front British Ministry of Munitions Re- of our lines which could be drawn so
as to enmesh the Germans, and a ma-
quarter plut of the most remarkable lemon skin beautlflor at about the cost one must pay fur a small jar of the Constables Association, the following
Care should* be resolution was passed :—“Moved by
THAT IS ONE OF COUNTLESS
“FREAK 1DEÀ8.”
¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦	, Here is the chance for a combina -
releasing meat enough to provide the tion of materials In a most effective .. v r,n|P ¦ J
The inventions department of the j The purpo8e of the article in the released, out of normal consumption,
Ministry of Munitions receives almost, Journal is to warn inventors of this for export.	1
every day ideas of the most novel 80rt and frequently they are genially Nearly 800 cars of foodstuffs have kind. All are carefully considered. argued with>	! been saved from total or partial loss
Some are useful, but almost nine-, Qne gentleman had a powder, the through spoiling, tenths are wholly impracticable. In composition of which he declined to	amazing reduction in waste is
an article on the subject, published In diBfloHe, which on being mixed with *hown by reports to the Canada Food the current number of the Ministry of WH^er turned it into motor spirit. At Board from municipal officials in all Munitions Journal, it is said that the |ea8^ 80 be said. Another proposed parts of the Dominion, following extraordinary suggestions base was the grease skimmed off Profiteering has been greatly di-for dealing with hostile aircraft have goup Various constituents which minished and excessive profit-taking been received.	have been proposed on account of i® being stopped, h or example, flour
The clouds are to be* frozen arti- their cheapness would no doubt be «old at $14.60 per barrel in the spring ficially and guns mounted on them; more or less efficient, but the en- of 1916, whereas the farmer had reheavy guns are to be suspended from 1 thusiastic promoters overlook the fact ceived only $6.93 for the wheat used captive balloons; the moon Is to be that if they once came into use to any therein. In tho spring of 1918 the covered with a big black balloon; air- extent the advantages would disap- price of flour had been kept down to planes are to be armed with scissors pear as the price would at once soar $H Per barrel, while the farmer had ov scythes, like Boadicea’s chariot, or upward.	received $*¦•<- for the wheat, used
to trail bombs behind them on a long Black Beam to Obscure the Moon. - therein, cord) heat rays are to be projected for the/purpose of setting Zeppelins atirç; electric waves to paralyze the* magnetos. One of the most popular suggestions of all is to attach a searchlight to an anti-aircraft gun, get the light on the object, and shoot along the beam; but, unfortunately, the path
ccivea Many Such Novel Plans For Winning War.
lowness and tan and Is the Meal skin softener, wkitener and beautlflor.
Just try It! Get three ounces of
/
St. Isidore. P. Q , Aug. 18, 1894. orchard white at any drug store and Mlnard's Liniment Co, Limited, two lemons from the grocer and make
!
Gentlemen, I have fre<, y used up a quarter pint of this sweetly frag- MINARD 8 LINIMENT and also pïe-rant lemon lotion and massage It daily scribe it for my patients always with Into the fare, nock, arms and hands.
/


the most gratifying results, and I com* shier It the best all-round Liniment

,

extant
Air-Raid Raiment

Yours truly,
DR. JOS. AUG. SIROJ9.
Whether the Hun airmen pay us a visit or not this moon, the enterprising salesman is never behindhand with his wares, says a London newspaper.
At any big London store one can now purchase suitable raiment for adr-raid evenings; and the most picturesque garb awaits the might when the moon is at her loveliest.
There is nothing really new about the Idea, however, for a peep into the historic annals of old London show that during the great year of English earthquakes—1760—there was a stampede out of London to avoid destruc- Chickens gene:	ly make the great*
tion. “Earthquake gowns of the most est gain when about three to four fashinnble cut” were largely adver- months old and the average birds tlscd and sold.

<

m

s.
Dr Charles E. Saunders of the Dominion Experimental Farm tawa. In an Interview at Saskatoon, said be had seen one or two wheat fields in the West that would yield forty-five bushels to the acre, and others that are too poor to even fur» nlsh grazing for cattle.	¦


Ob.
m
kL i
i



/
li Pd'
i '
»
t

i
•In the process of argument some interesting scientific information is given, as for instance:
Suggestions are also frequently received in connection with colored searchlights. But color cannot be imparted to a beam, as by passing it
through a color screen, without re-of a shell is quite different from that ducing $tg intringic brilliancy. Color
cf a ray of light. Most elaborate “de- jn fac^ obtained by a process of coy” schemes are sometimes worked 8ubtraction from the total light. At out for the confusion of the enemy. gnBt digtances all the brilliancy pos-comprlsing in at least one case sham ^1* q8 required for effectiveness, so factories with chimneys and hooters that colored beams are of no value complete. To prevent the polished linos of a railway showing at night, the last carriage of the last train, according to another correspondent, was to camouflage them by dribb ing blacking as it went along.
V
< <
I
O
1:1k
(

PAIN? NOT A BIT!
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OR CALLUSES OFF
i
i
\
! : 1
Minard i Liniment Cures Burns. Etc.
«
i

No humbug I Apply few drops then just lift them away with fingers.
t
$ IfoOU*
“Earthquake cloaks make the most economical gains dur*, for sitting out of doors all night" ing the first two weeks of special , were in great demand, while the feeding.	]
quack took advantage of the scare to advertise earthquake drops and pills.
o
This ne
w drug Is an ether compound disAvered by a Cincinnati
chemist. It is called ^tion of materials. Developed in satin freezone, and can now and serge, it is.both smart and practi-be obtained,in tiny bot- cal. McCall Pattern No. 8489, Ladies'
In 6 sizes, 84 to 44 bust.

An interesting design for combina*-

FOB SALS

NEWSPAPER niant In Easter*
¦¦67 win
Rot I».
Publishing Co.. Ltd.. Toronto.
WILL EQUIPPL t Y and Job printing Ontario. Inaurancs carried 11.600 go for 11.S00 on quick «ale Wilson
Miaard’s Liniment for sale everywhere
------ÿ---
Longevity of Trees.	viteeklt newspaper for sal*
sSaS S fcSSEtVS»
., IV DUUU fcJW.,	'	, _	,	- ,	---- TTT-r=r.=-r=r —  - —
mission assigns to the pine five hun-	khcellaotous
dlVl1. aiuI s,fven	as . n /Sanckr tlmoks. lumps BTGU
maximum, four hundred and twenty- ^ internal and external, cured with-
five years to the silver fir, two hun-	^iÎSI^mM
dred and seventy five years to the Jo Limited Collingwood Ont
larch, two hundred and forty-five
years to the red beech, two hundred
Reuter's special correspondent with years to the birch, one hundred and
the American army In France tele- seventy years to the ash, and one
graphs:
Two British airmen
achieved an adventure which must the age of three hundred years. A seem incredible to those who are only geqUoia gigantea, felled in Calaveras acquainted with conditions in other county, California, had attained the parts of the line. They were return- flge 0f three thousand years. It was Ing from a bombing expedition when three hundred and eighty-seven feet their machine was disabled by anti-air- jn height, and measured fifteen feet
in diameter, one hundred and twenty-five feet above the earth, burn yew, in Kent county, England, had attained the same great age.
Flame arc
for general purposes, lamps for sea chlights give colored light, generally slightly yellow, but this source of light Is too large for the efficient optical projection of a parallel beam, and a parallel beam, or one nearly approaching parallelism,
A balloon carrying magnets hung is essential In order to reach the great brings to attract the rifles out of 'distances involved. The most remarkable proposition of all in connection with searchlights h perhaps that of a “black beam," whatever that may wxw loose
mean, for obscuring the moon !	#1# off, root and all. with
Another favorite subject with in- JE ||*L
SJSSTJSjS St £ 0 *11 “¦ "““i"'
ary dynamical considerations that the no humbug. It works like a c arm* jn order to avoid observation, they energy of the relay propellant charge *or a few cents you can get r< ° trusted to the meagre light of the would be shared between the outer every hard corn’ Boft co™ or conJ moon to effect a landing, but their and inner shells In the inverèe ratio tween the t0*3, <1H wel1 as pa 11 1 caution almost proved their undoing, of their masses, so that unless the calluses on,bottom of your feet. It ag	crashed into a quarry, which,
Inner shell were unduly small, a very never disappoints and never burns, however, had the advantage of corn-
large proportion of the propellant bIU‘H or ,nHam6ti If your, .n,rK‘h" pletely concealing their machine. Only charge would be wasted. Secondly, hasn t any freezone yet, tell him to gq^g^tly injured, they started at once
a shell in flight does not point direct- B *™e bottle for you from his ! Awards the^Qerman lines, running
wholesale house.
•o.
ties as here shown at Dress, very little cost from any Price, 26 cents, drug store, for freezone.
drop or two directly from the McCall Co upon a tender corn or Toronto, Dept. W. callus and instantly the soreness ^ disappears.
Shortly you will find the com or callus so How Two British-* Airmen Escaped that you can lift it i From the Enemy's Territory.
»
\
Other proposals were:
?
AN AMAZING ADVENTURE.
o.i
men's hands.
A shell to contain fleas or other vert min inoculated with disease.
A shell with a man inside it to steer it at the target.
The squirting of cement over soldiers so as to petrify them.
The sending of snakes into enemy trenches by pneumatic propulsion.
The throwing of live-wire cables carrying a high voltage among the advancing Infantry by means of rock-
I

hundred and thirty years to the elm. have Just Th@ heart of the oak begins to rot at
l
eta.
BIT
The Brad-
eii s

MONEY ORDERS.
Remit by Dominion Express Money Order. If lost or stolen you get your money back.
u

mt
- -
msTî
Concerning Rhubarb.
most of the way, their only chance be- xhe pieplant has a recorded history ing to reach them before daybreak. 0f over four centuries. It was first The distance proved to be over twenty cultivated In the white walled garden#
ly along its trajector, but makes an uncertain angle with it, especially near the highest point, where the inner shell would be discharged, so that
PAIN
German's Man-Power.
Many and varied	have been the	miles, in the course of which they had	0f Morocco and Algiers, amid fruit*
'I accuracy of aim would be impossible,	theories regarding	Germany's man-	to cross a river, apparently the Sellle,	and flowers and fountains, and was
Generally speaking, it may be said that	power	a tributary of the Moselle. One of	brought thence by the Moors to Spain,
any scheme which seriously reduces One theory is that, for twenty years them swam the river three times, once Not until 200 years later did rhubarb the bursting charge of a shell must of- before the war, Germany falsified her to ascertain the conditions on the fur- really become known to English gar fer some very remarkable advantages, popuiati0n statistics, thereby throw- ther bank, and returning to bring his dens, whence in due time It was before it can be considered promising.	ing du6t jn the eyes	of the . world,	companion over.	brought to those of America to be em-
Many of the inventors are absolute-1 Hindenburg Is supposed to have im-l	On reaching the enemy communies-	ployed first as a tincture, then as a
ly Impervious to argument or explana-1	this official secret to
tlon, and are always dissatisfied with American lady in 1918, declaring that less escapes from discovery, but by in pie the treatment they receive. In this Germany’» population was not 66,- extreme adroitness and good fortune
respect they bontraat unfavorably 000,000, but 90,000,000. But this they succeeded in getting to the front has values for its beauty. The gl int with a foreigner who submitted an bardiy seems likely, and the existence trench, and crawling through the Chinese variety, with Its enormous N# engine which would not work, and 0f odd 26,000,000 Germans is very barbed wire into No Man's Land, in leaves, is often employed by landscape who wound up the correspondence problematical.	which, in this part of the line, con-1 gardeners to produce bold sub-tropicial
with thank ; and the admission that he a more plausible solution of Ger- siderable vegetation still flourished, was “compi. tely cured" of his idea. many's fighting might lies in the pre- In creeping under a hedge for she!
amble to the Mass Levy of 1916, by ter they unfortunately attracted the which ev4ry male German from the attention of a German sentry, who completion of his 17th year to the fired several rounds in their direction completion of his 60th year is liable Luckily, he seemed almost as scared for some form of service to the Path- as they were, for they remained unhlt. erland.	They spent the day in the thick
‘ Twelve million Germans are reckon- growth beneath a hedge, one watch
ing while the other slept, and when darkness fell made their way without further adventure Into the French lines.
I
I
«

Don’t Suffer Pain-Bay Hirst’s
¦M be prrpiTcd egelnii enact• et rhee-mitnm, lumbago, neerslgte, sereins snd all similar peiefel ailments >esrs • leetilf friend. Dent empertmenr— tty Hirer's—at dealers, or seme es.
MUST S1MEDY COMPANY Hamilton. Can.ee
HIST'S Family Is lee. (Xk>.
HUT'S Pectoral Syrup of Here-bound and Elecampane. (JV) BOTTLE
W01
is a real factor in the present public service program.
There's NoWaste, it Saves Fuel and Sugar, and it is always ready
Not least, it is Delicious,
Healthful
and it
Satisfies.
Try
r
1
y
Fee eret 40

IT

tlon trenches, they had several breath- sauce, and to attain a final apotheosis
an
Rhubarb, apart from its usefulness.
35*

nor do they always disdain
effects;
the charms of the more modest pie-
DONT CUT OUTI
plant itself, of which the tall, graceful A CWas RaH Canned spikes of white flowers and large y ,	iL-ftHe
leaves, deeply veined and stained, are HOC a OF DurSlUS
as certainly handsome as the succulent	FOR_________
stalks are palatable.

WHAT CANADA HAS DONE
To Help Feed the Armies and Civilians of Our Allies
Baron Rhondda’s last message to Canada before his death: “Dominion ed to have been mobilized since 1914. Day is a fitting occasion to express. Of these, about half must have been on behalf of all thoee responsible for put out of action, leaving six mil-food administration In the United lions, plus the resources of Austria, Kingdom, gratitude to Canadian men, Turkey, and Bulgaria, still in the fHd women and youths for the way In against us. which they have decreased their consumption of essential foods and in- Some 9000 tractors nnd traetor-creased production."	ploughs have been ordered in America
Net exports from Canada of beef for British use.
ABSORBING
uAM* 61 Vi t IA* W#
That logged-off and burned-off areas
fire menace, was a suggestion made by	prwu.n.b n .. ,ntg4
Mr. 0. E. Hope of Langley to the New Westminster Board of Trade.
INSTANT


POSTUM
Convenience In feeding should be the main object In locating the silo, but one should always pay attention to the direction from which extremely cold winds will


’Ift.
i
ISSUE
ED. 7.
to
#
###PAGE###4###
F
London Time» Secs German Army Crumbling
THE EQUITY.
THE FRENCH FARMERS SAVED
THE DAY
Eondon, Sept. 5. The Times today says editorially : “ The Canadians have many glorious achievements to their cretiit, but have never surpassed the great deeds of Monday, when they pierced a defensive system which even the most sanguine ex|>erts believed would take much time to subdue.
“ We seem to l>e confronted with possibles which a month ago would seem fantastical. It is permissable to speeu-
. late, but not yet to count upon any «!<¦
I he number <*1 troopc *i all fronts I velopments suggested.
W11»> ha\e left United States sh«»re> up
SHAWVILLE. SEPT. 12, 1918.
SHAWVILLE FAIR
The saving fanner is a national asset. Canadian progress today in all lines attests magnificently to the splendid qualities of thrift that have marked the farmers in all provinces. The total returns from field crops and animal produce have been only possible because of the dfta]K)sition to make use in an economical way of all the wonderful gifts of Providence in this good land of ours.
The same was abundantly true after 1870 in France when the frugal, thrifty farmers of that fair land made it possible for the Republic to pay of that hated German war indemnity of two billion francs levied against them. The same spirit of national thrift built up France for the extreme test today—a test that is being tried by fire.
Th inks be, French heroism is ptoving true. The line is holding. The blood of the farmers is flowing equally as well through the veins of France's daughters of the soil and so the national strength bends but does not break.
Canada is reaping her harvests of increased returns and money is being made as never before Our farmers are earning the gratitude of all in their splendid efforts at production. That they will carry into their savings an equal foresight in conserving their surplus against the future days of darkness anti lower prices will be equally praiseworthy. He is well advised who saves his extra dollar until he sees which way the winds of tomorrow will blow. Adversity blows a chill blast where there is no dollar in the savings.
The British charge d’affaires at the embassy in Petrognul has been murdered by a Bolshevik mob, and the lives of all British and French residents are reported to be in peril.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
September 16,17,18,18.
What we know is that far more Xugust 31st is officially reported to [than the Wotan lim was nieroed on
w -	«'	"¦ a«s-' I Its,,
alone 250,(XX) men \u nt o\< r.M.a.x l hi >see their great army in the west crumb-kind of news will be rather discomfort |]jng before our eyes
ing to Kaiser Bill

The largest list of Specials ever offered in the several classes.
Potash in Canada
Quite a number of casualties to If the rci>ort of the discovery of soldiers who hail from Renfrew and large deposits of potash in Naskatcliv-
had almost a monopoly <•( potash indicates that our boys were in the thick visits, and 1 afore the war was pravtie
of the heavy fighting which recently ally the only source of the world's
took place and in which the Canadian ^i-ply of potash for fertilizing purposes
troops added new and even greater ' Durm« the war farmcrs h“V(' Wn ob
long lists published last week, which in
Numerous Special Features such as Highest Jumping with Rider, Hitch and Drive by Lady Hitch and Drive by Gentleman, Speed Contests, Most Ridiculous Outfit, etc.
Special Exhibit of Dried Fruits and Canned Goods, by the Home makers’ Clubs of Pontiac.
A new Machinery Hall has been erected and a fine display of Machinery is assured.
PROF. COOGAN will perform on the wire.
Good Grand Stand.
It was one
laurels to the many brilliant achieve-1 ^ the German boasts that without jK>t ments that stands to their credit
ash from Germany the farms of the Allies would fail and that they would l*o starved into submission. It has not l*een su bad as that, but a Canadian supply of potash would receive a hearty ing the Mar Trade B<*ard extensive ,inij unanimous welcome. It the re
power of supervision and direction of ports of the quantity and accessibility
Suvli ac I are 80 per cent true it will be the duty
of the Federal or Provincial Govern -
, ment to claim this deposit at 11»** out ordinal ing the productive power of the Sl.t an(| svvuvv p for the public benefit.-
Canadian steel plants and securing the | Vancouver Province.
¦ ''t possible etlii ieocy. The War
Trade Board is given power to tell each | i W W. Outrage at Chicago ,uiy what it may produce and what
kind of materials
The Dominion Cabinet passed an im riant order-iivcotmeil last week giv

the Canadian steel industry

tion lias 1h.*vii taken with a view to co
\
l
I

U
Hi
«

«
Scientific al
P1.ECT-

L
v .	.	.	..., Chicago, Sept. 5.—Four persons were
L.u-ii plant wui I killed and more than 75 others injured
likely specialize on particular materials. pv the explosion of a bomb in a crowded This action of the Government has been I entrance to the federal building at three
the steel o'clock yesterday afternoon.
The explosion, which not only wrecked the entrance to the building but since that country entered the war, the : shattered every window in the first floors
demand is great and ever increasing, of two buildings across the street, was
Canada may expect little steel from the I attributed to the I. W. W. by Philip J.
Barry, in charge of the local offices of
the Department of Justice.
Raids on two headquarters of the sary the greatest economy in co-opera 11. W. W. within fifteen minutes after
tion and production in Canada
Procure Prize Lists from the Secretary
vor.
41
WM. HODQINS, M. L. A, Presicent.
R. W. HODQINS, Sec.-Treasurer.
made necessary, owing to shortage in the United States, where
hævt/in
United States except perhaps for Amer lean orders. The situation makes noces
the explosion resulted in the arrest of
Several more were taken
. Is the worlds best chew.
It is the most economical chew.
I
nine men
into custody within the Federal Building and ,i women, whose name " maiked the operations ot the several suppressed, was arrested in a nearby
allied armies which in different sectors | building.
of the line in France are exerting an in
A succession of important gains
»»
‘ This outrage, in my opinion, was inevitable as an act of reprisal on the
part <>f the 1. W. M dared after a hurried investigation,
vincible pressure against the enemy and
Mr. Harry di
forcing him to yield the ground he over
ran and desolated a few months ago. I “following the sentencing of nearly Many places of importance have	been	hundred	of	their	members.	Me	arc
wrested from his grasp, and in the	pro-	certain	^	.	.	.
,	, .	,	, „	.	this deed.	I	believe that the	bomb	was
cess of expulsion a heavy toll Of	pm-1 com,* W	of	nitro	glycerine.	Several
oners and army equipment has fallen j arregts have been made and
into the hands of the victors. Every questioning the prisoners as fast as we
Scripture and Profanity Mixed.
The Bible and profanity were strangely intermingled in the congress a few days ago. Senator Overman made the statement that President Wilson “has been criticized in many instances, for Instance, for not taking senators Into his confidence." To which Senator Reed remarked : “Oh hell !" Senator Overman expressed the hope that this expression would go Into the Record. Subsequently Senator Overman read into the Record a section of the eighteenth chapter of Exodus, describing how Aaron and Hur sat by the side of Moses and held aloft his hands throughout the day while the conflict between the army of Israel and the army of Amalek was In progress.
NONE CAUSE OF HIS SUCCESS
The Directors of Agr. Soo. Div. B., Co. of Pontiac
will hold their 41st Annual Exhibition on their Grounds
M\ committed better of Charles Dickens Reveals
Care Which Great Writer Gave
Hie Books and Readings.
we nre
In a recent sale of Dickens' autographs In London this letter, written while he was In the United States, appears:
“I should never have made any suo-
enterprise being carried out by the , Uihlein, hunter of polar bear . 8es8 ln jIfe lf % had been shy of taking
Canadians or Australian troops ; again % %c.rZ%, b%„»wL
it is news of a successful onslaught by mais, tncludtpi ducks, swans and elactly the ,ame attention and cars the Americans and French which results welsh rabbits, may be found at sunup that j have bestowed upon the great-in the capture of a town, or important an(1 sundown with his trusty pruning e8t Do everything at your best. It
program to prevent the enemy from “If Joe would only let nature take its l have never ;ead to an audlence but stabilizing his imitions anywhere along course, the things that Intended to j have watched for an opportunity of the line, and thus prepare for another come up	wouldn t wait 8triklng out or inserting some-
accomplish its designs in due season—if Just look at that statue of the replica year after year to gjngie lines.
not this year, certainly next.	 -	of a polar bear I shot on the side of The weather Is very severe here, and
the house ; he couldn’t shoot a thing the work l8 very hard. Dolby (hi#
that looks like that even if he had manager) having been violently pitched a gun," and Henry In one of his dub |nt0 by the mayor of New Haven (a cet neighborly tones replied :	“I	town at which I am to read next week)
Bristol, iSept. 3, 1918. wouldn’t need a gun to shoot it a thing ha8 gone off boldly this morning with Bristol Municipal Council met on the	,lke that," and disappeared through a	deflant written Instructions from me
above date. Present :	Mayor Camp-	,1Im crack ln the fence with his un-	to Inform the said mayor that lf he fall	District of Pontiac,!
bell and Councillors Campbell, (Horner,	lighted cigar.—Milwaukee Journal.	to make out his case he (Dolby) has	No. 1710.	/
Me Lei lan and Killoran.	“	to return all the money taken, and to ACHILLE YERHELST, plaintiff ; vs
Minutes of last meeting read and	Mule Is Doing HI# Bit	tell him that I will not set foot ln hie DAME ANNIE RICH IE,
adopted on motion of Killoran and The Missouri mule Is doing his bit Jurisdiction, whereupon the New Haven i. The lots of land known and de-vampbell.	iBd dojng lt wtu |n the present world	people will probably fall upon the	signaled on	the	official	plan	and book
Complaints were read Jre. holes dug ^Qtllct, Just as he did it In the Civil mayor In his turn and lead him a on the roadway opposite lots 21, range war< In many sections at the front pleasant life." i, lot 11, range 5, and lot 10, range S and aiong the lines of communication
\ y? t T a UOrîev, , ®re places where mules are almost In-	Another 100,000 Men?
A. * e di um, 1. 1 rudeau and Edward <j|Spensabie and where horses and The character and extent of Can- each of these lots comprising about ixvvivr ue notified to nil up these holes.	motorcars are virtually useless.	ada’s continued participation in the	twenty-five acres in	area,	and	bounded
rvu v:L°nr n a?lpY n v Killoran —	Pershing's engineers have testified	war will be one of the subjects to be	on the north by the	Petite-Riviere-
hat the following bills be paid :	* lhe worth of the	mules in tho	considered by the Government when	with	buildings thereon	erected.
K» sr-y-*-1-?—“ *—
N. McKellan, jwwder, caps, fuse, 3.69	“*ton t0T the an nla *’	tion from the Inner Councils as to
JaK£tb’ r°ad W°rk f°r W' -oo °UnnerS M,kln° 0lorioue Record'	^TheMlhtar^ sérvîce°Act limits to
t ‘	«•* t* u ,	The gunners of the armed guards on one hundred thousand men the num-
J. s. hnuth, inspecting lubmans	merchantmen have made a record of ber of men which can be raised from
51!	, . -r ..	which we	may be Justly proud. The	its operation
A letter wa> read from M. Drummond	contests of the Silver Shell, which sent	seventy thousand already	secured it
re. damage to his fence by winter	road.	down the	submarine which attacked	1* expected, and also	apparent, that
The Secretary was instructed	to in-	,t; of thf	Morenl, on which the men	b* fal1 the fuU <*ucta	wiU	have betn
BPPP iiii5ü mmm
lowed t<> draw what graiel he requires	their ammunition waa	exhausted ; of	be removed,
for private use from any of the raunici-	the J. L. Luckenbach,	which, though
pal gravel pits.	under a rain of shells,	hit nine times	| been advanced that another hundred
M« tinn Horner and Killoran -That	ftnd temporarily disabled, fought a
the Supplement to the Jury List as pre-	submarine for four hours, before aid
pared be approved and accepted.	arrived, and later managed to reach
Motion — (. amp Vieil and Horner -—	port under her own steam ; of the Ar-
That J. Nicholson lx* notified to repair	men!a, which, though torpedoed, was
e culvert on sideline between lots |)	g*ved through the courage and re-
and 14, range 4 ; also that P. Allen be	sources of Its captain, crew and armed	The	Premier,	as a member	of	the
notified to repair culvert on 10th con.	guard; of the Navajo, the Mongolia,	War	Cabinet,	will be	fully	advised
line opposite M 10.	the Petrollte and a dosen others are	as to	what is	called	for overseas.
Motion — McLellan and Killoran —	notable enough to be recorded In the	while	the man	power essential to	do-
That this Council do now adjourn.	naval history of the time.—Josephus mestic requirements will be a big
G. T. Dbvmmond,	Daniels In America Review of Re- consideration in any further policy
Sec.-Treas. views.	lo be determined.
at CHAPEAU on •
Sept. 23, 24 and 25,1918
day witnesses an important advance at some point on the line. One day it is the British, then we hear of some new
can
naignooriy Amenities.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Good List of Specials Good Special Attractions, Speeches by Refreshments on Grounds, Production Advocates
Increased Prizes
Take a Holiday and attend the Fair.
Sheriff’s Sale.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given _ J I that the under mentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective time and place mentioned below.
Apply to the Secretary for Prize List and other information
P. McMAHON,
Secretary
MICHAEL DUNN,
President
Bristol Council Minutes
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS
Superior Court
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
defendant
of reference of Temiscaming under the numbers one A, two A, three A, and four A (la, 2a, 3a, 4a,) in the fourth range of the said township Duhamel,
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
2. The lota of land known and de-1
signaled on the official plan and book of	______________
reference of the cadastre for the township Fabre under the numbers sixty two	f¥r{	,
d sixty three (62 and.63)in the first vUS vOlTl O CA W1II ¦ range of the said township Fabre, cotin-
ty of Temiscaming, the first containing I	--uu-__l_ _ u_ »_
one hundred and nine acres and the
SÎ-.S”.SS.Î»™ SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
encies and the buildings thereon erect-1	-	/	~
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
an
With upwards of
ed
The lots firstly above mentioned to be sold at the registrar’s office, in the village of Ville-Marie, in the district of Pontiae, on the TWENTY-SIXTH day of SEPTEMBER, 1918, at TEN o’clock in the forenoon ; and the lots last! above mentioned to be sold at the church door of Saint Edouard de in the district of Pontiac,
TWENTY SIXTH day of SEPT EM
THREE
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public the J of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
In some quarters the proposal has
thousand should be authorised, but the matter has never been officially considered. In the natural course of events aU will depend upon how the military situation develops in the coming months and the extent to which reinforcements are needed.

pansu F abre,
on
o’clock in the
HER, 1918, at afternoon.
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Sheriff's office,
Bryson, t/ue., 19th August, 1918. [First publication, 24th August, 1918].
All Work CuarenteecT Satisfactory.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
A VETOED HIS imOTFIER
SHAWVILLE EXHIBITION
SEPtEIIBM 16, 17, 18.
Sequel to Famous Story of Oermwi
Brutality.
The sergeant of the Canadian* whose reported crucifixion after the second battle of Y pres In 1915 aroused such Interest, has been amply avenged. His brother Joined the Newfoundland regiment where he Is now sergeant-major what he considers ample confirmation of the crucifixion, which actually took place, having seen the man who took the bayonets from the body which was fastened against a door.
This brother has shown the most extraordinary daring in winning decorations and promotion by his passionate offensives at every opportunity against the Germans. During a period of trend! night after night,
4 Weekly Jeernal deveted te loom Interests
Published every Tkarid» y
\i Shawtille, County Pontiac, Que.
Does your Boy need a New Suit for School ? - The time will soon be here.
ptsscRirrioN, |1 a Year in Advance
UT All arrears must be paid up before toy paper Is discontinued,
He received
AUTUMN GOODS
O
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cent* per line for et insertion and ft cents per line or each ubsequent, Insertion Business cards not exceeding one Inch usorted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion an 1 3 cents for subsequent insertions.
Com norois 1
We have nice patterns made up in the latest styles, and the prices will be reduced for the next fifteen days Call in and see the quality of these Suits
O
i'
Women’s Collars
What will it be ?—A pretty Collar, a Collar and Cuff Sett? Whatever it is to be, we have some new and stylish Collars just arrived for Exhibition week. Collars in piqué, in satin, in silk faille, in crepe-de-chene
—Priced from 50c. to $1.25 each
war he went out crawling up to the German lines, bombing and sniping. During the Somme fighting he received the D C M. and Croix de Guerre for hi» conspicuous gallantry and resource.
On October, 1916, near Guedecourt, when reaching the enemy's parapet, he saw a hostile machine gun coming Into action and threw a bomb which killed three of the crew. Then he Jumped upon the machine gun crew, bayoneting the remaining six despite serious wounds, and finally bayoneting one giant German before he himself, blinded and almost helpless from loss of blood, fell to the ground. He received thirteen wounds before the fighting finished.
"Whenever he sees Germans he sees red. The vision of his crucified brother is ever in his mind," said one of his officers.
advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In. structions accompanying them will be in-sorted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub- fished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
MURRAY BROS
*1
THE TAILORS
SHAWVILLE.
JOB PRINTING
4.11 kinds of Job Printing neatly and ehenply executed. Order, by mall promptly attended to.
Women’s Boot Silk Hose
With lisle tops and double heels and toes, in black white, brown, pearl-blue, champagne ; also black and white patterns. With the present-day style of short skirts, a dressy hose is an absolute necessity.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Farmers and Dairymen tlje time is ^ere
Professional Cards.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
DR. A. H. BEERS
Not Accident, But Plot.
Having mastered the secret of vicious psychological suggestion, the Germans made such headway in Russia as to pave the way for the conquest of the world. It is possible that they have even discovered climatic secrets of meteorology hidden from free nations. Battle weather ^	.has been on the side of our enemy.
75C 8# garment Having adroitly arranged the downfall of Russia the Italians were betrayed. Wherever the Italian and Austrian armies met our ally's army showed the better men. But the Papist clericals planted the seed that enabled the socialistic pacifists of Upper Italy and the simple soldiers of certain regiments, wearied with the war, to betray Gen. Cadorna. Self-interest and sensuality were the lures provided by Germany for the corruption and destruction of Russia and part of Cadornas army. As it was in 1588 so it is now. Not by accident but by design the Province of Quebec fought like a wild cat to avoid conscription at the very moment when the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Melbourne attempted to play the same game. Sinn Fein
Canadian Food Board License Number 8-10603 and Nationalist Ireland threatens re-
MM	|M|	¦ Mgm	hellion if conscription comes to pass.
All part of the same plan. The Irishmen claim to be left with the women and children while the English and Scots are sent to the front. This is a war of purification. It is futile to shut our eyes to the fact omy has only recently been published. | that our thirty thousand uninterned and surgeons are only now discovering | sensual civilian Germans are at large the marvels It contains
Lecturing recently on It In London, I conquered England
London Referee.
SURGEON DENTIST
Oampbki.ls Bay
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.	14	,
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Qcte
Men’s Underwear—Autumn Weight
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that
saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
8 Because it is so simple that a child can redily learn to take it afwrtand put together again
4 Because it is so easy to keep clean
•H Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
6	Because of its wonderful self-
oiling feature
7	Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it is so easy to run
U Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
The evenings will grow chilly from now on, and a
/
little heavier weight of underwear is now necessary See our new line of Merino at

S. A. MACKAY

Men's Fall Caps—Allandale and Eastern
From 7o to $2.00 each
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle, - - - Que.
makes

<
Men’s Fine Heather Mixture Socks
In ribbed cashmere at,
i
MADE IN CANADA
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
75c per pair
4
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
>
C. F. HODCINS CO. LT D.
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved win bowl centre, in ilk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting nec bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
I
c

GEO. G. WRIGHT, K. G.
A CALL SOLICITED
A ivooatei Barrister, ac
196 Main St
Leonardo da Vinci Amazes Surgeons.
Though written four hundred years ago, Leonardo da Vinci’s book on anat-
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and ^sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent.
Hull.
' '
PHONfi BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
to form the business garrison of a
Vanoc" in
A
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
Prof. William Wright pointed out that when It was written the circulation of the blood, osmosis, oxygen and the microscope were all unknown. All doctors believed that the arteries were
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour atom h, headache, bitter taste in month* loss [ fall °f free air and that the blood wns of appetite and asthma. If you have a aerated In the heart. The Interior ar-sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five rangement of the heart was also niis-doeee will remove the trouble.	understood.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren I But Leonardo denied that air entered
I h,ul rheumatism in 1 the heart, and wrote that the blood
I used w»a "refreshed” In the lungs; he de-
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed nesday and Shawvllle every Saturday.
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery owing to the scarcity of labor.
Copenhagen is used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a small pinch, for a start, and put it between, tho lower lip and gum, in the centre.
Afterwards you caji increase the size of the pinch to suit the strength of the chew you desire.
Copenhagen Is strong, because the tobacco of which it is made is cut into fine grains, which makes It impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.	I ¦
Henbe, a littHe 'Ipinch ong way. showing that Copenhagen is rot only an unusually economical chew, but also one of the finest quality, being made of the best, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
The Empire Mechanical Milker
frew, writes___________________
two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic I scribed accurately the anatomy uf the
is one of the greatest labor-savers, and is now being used extensively and successfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government Exp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
Tho Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL -
To The Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal
“ I like the Milking Machine fine and would not be without
rice. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking, twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Bay, R. R. No. 1.
HULL
191 MAIN ST,
Will attend Courts and Business	in	the I and Kidney Cure, and I am free from	I heart and large blood vessels and the
District of Pontiac,	all pain and stiffness	’	action of the muscles of the chest and
___________________________________ C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 6, Renfrew,!abdomen In respiration.
writes I was troubled with rbeuma
PFflRPF F	MflRFN R Y	for over fifteen years, and at times
ULUIlllte ta munbnui I unable to work. Two bottles of your I Atoms are minute particles of mnt-
DOMINIOH & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR	] remedy cured me." • *	ter, each about one-three-hundredth
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St.,	part of an Inch in diameter. They an?
Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled for	so small that if the earth were made
years with indigestion and tried all kinds	up of baseballs It would be a fair
of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic-	model of a drop of water made up of
tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com-	atoms. The electron Is smaller still. It
has a diameter of about one-hundred-M. Robertson, Renfrew thousandth that of an atom, so that If I have not had an attack of, an atom were represented by a sphere asthma or coughing since I took the 1100 yards In diameter the electron
would be about the size of a pin’s Sufferers should secure a supply of I bead. It has been said that the eleo PFORCE H YN ESI this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-1 trons which form an atom can be cora-
_____	| ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que; Cou
ige Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Q L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., O wa ; M. Joyce, Quyon, Qn from the manufacturer W Box 296, Renfrew, Ont
H H H 11	Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting!
Pdrsonalsttention.openallhours. I for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
. postage.
Electrons and Atoms.
goes a
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines. Boundaries, &c
Executed carefully to the eatlefao
tlon of parties.
162 Wellington St
Phone : Queen 5230.
it at any i> I can milk
pletely cured me
No More Rye.
Hiram Walker & Sons, of Walker-
Mile, have definitely decided to a ban- ,	,	¦ ., ¦ v	~ c .
ion business as distillers, converting For further information apply to the Empire Cream .Separator
their plant into chemical works to | Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent »e operated by the $1,000,000 Hiram talker & Sons Chemical Co.
%
Mr
HULL, writes
fourth doses of your remedy
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
pared to a swarm of gnats In a cathe-ue.; ! dral or other large building. As atoms tta- are made up of electrons, so molecules ne. ; or direct | are made up of atoms.
. F. Ritchie
Ion
THINGS THAT GROW DOUBLE
Embalmer and Funeral Director If
Main Street,Shawville
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
Freaks of Nature That the Wisest of Men Find Some Difficulty In Explaining.
Canada’s Debt.
Canada’s net debt at the end of June amounted to $840,973,167,, an Increase during June of $12,179,397.
Revenue on consolidated fund account during June amounted to $23,469,304, as compared with $21,828,580 in June last year.
War expenditure for June, 1918,
Dn capital account was $14,291,623, lets frequently run across some very as compared with $9,250,611 In June curious freaks, last year. In this regard, however, it Is pointed out that the totals are merely those of accounts which have actually passed through the books during the period.
For the first three months of the fiscal year ending June 30 the revenue totalled $67,070,724, as com-
Nature does some strange things in the formation of vegetables, nuts and different kinds of fruits, an exchange states. It is quite common to find two or more growing together, and natural-
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m,
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A)
Lv 4 Ktawa Lv Ottawa
t
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
UNDERTAKING --------------
"¦> EMBALMING Local Agents Wanted
W. J. HAYES
9.00, a. m
(C)	12.55, p. m
(B) 4.30, p. m.
For M The Old Reliable
Double ears of corn are quite com, mon. They grow side by side, and are sometimes of equal size; but usually one has a little better chance to grow and gets the advantage over the other.
A double ear on exhibition In one of the Western states was certainly a curiosity. One side was one variety of corn, while the other side was so different that It was hard to believe the two had grown so close togther.
Double heads of wheat are quite common, but double grains are scarce.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
(A)	6.40,.a. m
(B)	8.45, a. m (A) 3 30, p. m
Thousands of Orchaid trees need replacing.
Ottawa—Pembroke
War Garden call for small fruits, pared with $68,322,689 for the same early bearing fruit trees, Aspa-1 period last year, rag us, Rhubarb plants, etc
J: L. HODGINS
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m Lv. Ottawa
" (B) 4.45, p. m
, Found Old Sword.
I The demand for Ornamental stock I While ploughing at Little Bras in towns and villages is large. d’Or, Cape Breton, a few days ago,
Henry King turned up an old cutlass	.
Secure a paying Agency with lib- that must have been buried more Grains of rye, however, are often dou-. I era! commissions. Experience | than two centuries, another relic of tie, and the same Is true of rice.
the days of French possession under Gen. Boularderie.
Ottawa—Boo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12.25, p. sa.
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A ) 2.05, a. m.
Explanation of signa (A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machine»
and Repair#
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE
Onions, radishes, beets, carrots, turnips, cabbages and other vegetables are often found in double form.
The prettiest specimens of double peaches are those with two seeds, as they are most distinctly double, being Joined at a point about half-way from "Well, they don’t think she has the stem of the blossom ends, a fine figure as she bad
not necessary.
STONE & WELLINGTON
V (Established 1837)
TORONTO. ONT
only
For further particulars apply to
C, A. L TUCKER, Agent, Shawville


A Loss of Beauty
"1 suppose the young men do not regard Miss Barrowcliff as so handsome now that her father has lost his money.*	'	.
UPROMPTLYSEGUR
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
864 University 8U Montréal.
Shawville Fair « Sept 16,17,18 •
Equity /\dvts. Pay.
I
###PAGE###6###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
So i l S and Ox)
Â/a^ttmeJ a/ie teacAinguithat(AeÂe d no economy in buying the cAzape&t gcodA not tfiz fancy fugA policed, onei.
c~fy/e aAe depending on tAe èotut values of the good dtandahd tdiandâ—tic otandJ that uk/lz good m peace tiene and Acve doutr/yplowed tfiedi watîA tu ivtzÀ terne.
fied	rJea — ccritdng today
only atout % ofa centpeà cap —xA of tAc Aolid icxj/i time valued tAatanyone, can affotd-andthat evetyem will eruou.
* yt 'iA dvuAj
a 'waÀ time tea.
Fy Andrew F Currier, M.D.	^____
Dr Currier will answer all signed letters pretslnlng to Health. U rvai liestlon Is of general Interest It will be answered through these coluessi U not. It will be answered personally if stamped, addressed envelope Is es» rlosedx Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual cassa or make dlsguoslA Address Dr Andrew F Currier, care of WlHoa Publishing Co, ÎI Adelaide fit West. Toronto. .
ni

S9U

By Agronomist.
This Department Is for the use of our farm readers who want the advice of an expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If youi ques on is of sufficient general interest, it will be answered through this column stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, « complet® answer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publishing
Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St W., Toronto.
The Meaning of Ton lea.	Or It may be the means of putting
Nu medicine* are lined toy those who the patient on hi» feet and making
do not consult a doctor for their ail- t»m weH.	-
incuts to such sn extent as tonica.	This Is often seen In the use 0*1
Many of these preparations are not tonics after severe sickness or suM tonics as advertised but simply mix- gicsl operations or any condition ta,
which the principal ingredi- which there has been great loss oC,
!
1 do\x n the speed, which means a pn>-tbat the portionate loss in efficiency, with ‘lie
It that much grain is carried over
tv the stuck.
Snx int; thv Grain
tures in
Our Government estimates!_______
farmer loses three per vent, of hi
ycai
threshing methods, and very Is thv farmer himself who is most to
Anxious to speed ,up a	H	¦ ¦ _¦
me but very necessary job, he and l am quite willing to let them do
forgets thru tjie big Idea is to get as so." Thus spoke a farmer whose much grain as possible instead of financial credit balance is represent-
ting the work done in the shortest ed by six figures. Hu has made a
practice	adopting the
White the "use, of 155 are"m- "suit. [ ROvmrmenV, v*peri_
Ihoui.rS taken fTit, prVwnti'on! Dominion i.n.1 provincial. and ha. been
25	» |
ï	:=
EHE;Z£rZE
......
A competent separator man will „v t thvm on hl, i.ulldin**land ad- I I.,-,-;. Ivs mavh'iit1 adjusted and run-	hi, neighbors to do likewise,
mng at the proper speed, but he of- Si,m<, pf thvnl f„;,owed his lend; oth-ten Lee lines larelvssand Ihmks more er, jjicu]e,^ t|le idea, one of whom about the number of bus he, s gomg ,0Jt hjg buildings the following sea mto the feeder than of how much son b lightnin,
gram gets to the bin. h mm lonjr as- toQ d to make arrangements with somation many farmers understand thp	sturc anJ livv^
threshing machinery well enough to thcm with gtraw free ,hat h„ might hml out for themselves if everything h.ulI Hway the m.inur,. from their ,s - orciag properly, and should nut stflb)eSi and lhu, keep his land up to neg.ee. itTsce that adjustments are ^e highest producing point mai,e whenexer needed.	not consider it too much trouble to so
Where the portable elevator 1* used cll,an hi, seed ,bat b,. could demand the waste in transfering grain from $1.50 pcr bushel for his oats as seed, wagon to bin is very slight. However, wbilc his neighbor was getting but f.5 not every farm is so equipped. Shovel-r ing grain is hardly child’s play under the best of circumstances, and if the truly a
man with the	:> .ompi id to farn r_ howevi has an advantage , .	.	..	.	, u« ,kow,	.	, f	x.
reach n high door or work in a cramp- over the manufacturer in that the lat- h u /‘.Ua lon 0UL* .,n*	.°r , ' '	scientific reve.ation must be a down and nceds bracing up.	solution of boric acid instilled into
ed position, not all the grain will	tcr must make his own experiments;	”®r	pare., 8 £°,V r	11? *	comfort to farm	mothers. We	have	The tonic	in the rtrgt	instance	may	each	eye, as often	as	the	discharge	is
reach its intended destination. A	he muet pay for his experience. If the	,x^	.^n inp .u ?	1 . 0	.	b	realized that our	children ought	to he	nQ^ cure	a|sesaef	the disease	may	removed.	It	usually	gets	well	in the
blanket on the ground and one from results of his experiments are satis- *!anJ," ,	? ! J Uught t0 be *°od farmers •nd house- be incurable and yet it may make the course of a week or ten days. 2.—
the grain door to the wagon will factory, they may produce financial V	T	J V keepers but we have been afraid that patient feel better for a while and ; I should say that such a person should
save considerable.	returns fully warranting the outlay. !	‘ ,\	i,., \ lf our schools tilled up their time with ^^rhaps enable him to do much useful keep away from high places and avoid
Careless and fast pitching into the If they are unsatisfactory, the ex- 1	1 i8	1	• “nature and agriculture, manual work before he is permanently laid every opportunity for carrying out
machine is another cause of v te. ; diture upon the investigation is ^ "Ve. 8 changing and something training and domi 1c science our bv	I the lire to jump.
On a neighborhood run, where help is lost, and. in many cases, me# ruiq. vt>ry 18 “1	“n# at tbe same boys and girls would know nothing
traded back and forth instead of How different is the fanner’s posi- nme*	e'se. , Now we have been shown	.	.	k
having a hired crew, more care is tak-	tion! Canada is making the experi-	^ ou	remember that	when	our	little	that, occupied with these studies	while	1 r (	°	»	1	i.' .	‘
en, as all the men are farmers and	ments for the farmer, Canadians—the	district school began	to be	not	quite	they are young,	they are not	only	repeas	e	exercise	o	^ u g 11
remember that their own turn will be manufacturer, the mechanic, and what we needed for our new farm life, learning useful occupations but at the 6	oart » ano eJ*. J* c ca#
next. But even your best neighbor* every resident of Canada—are paying	we turned to the city schools and be-	same time are developing their brains	mto use the musc.es which arc exer-
get in a hurry at times, especially if the cost of securing the experience by	gan to copy them. Soon we found	in the very best possible way so that	clse ,n mopping up a oor. n some
thev happen to be on the tail end of- which the agriculturist may, personal-	they were not right either, at least	they will be quick to understand the	of these schools no arithmetic is Placing the rubber tubes and teab
the' run and it looks like rain. A ly, be the gainer.	not for our country children. Sc we	higher branches of learning a* a	taught out of books tin the tourttt	cups of a mnking	machine in m antiseparator will not stand crowding. I ' It is onlv too true, however, many developed a kind of school all our own, more mature age.	g,a,.,v	°!T k % 11 19	.n" sePtic solution while not in use will
The machine is set at what is con- of our farmers neglect to profit by the in which arithmetic is taught by We know that only a small proper- ed indirectly through the measuring keep them clean with wry little trou-sidered a fair pitching speed, and at help thus provided. Innumerable	working out fargi problems, and Eng-	tion of farm children continues	jintl C(l of. matenaia lor max-	ble. Salt water	is often used, and
that speed is supposed to handle the bulletins are left unread, and the in-	l«h themes discuss the operation? j	through high school but the number is	• ng arM (l0ing thi, g1, opera-	whatever solution	is used should con-
grain properly.	Overcrowding	cuts	formation they contain is not	utilized,	which occupy us day by day. and, rapidly increasing. I	believe that** ons arc onI>' what every child on a	U|n @alt because of its preservative
‘	chemistry uses the kitchen and the	there is no stronger reason for this	farm grows UP	s^s o\« ry une	effect on rubber
soil for laboratories. The oddity is Increase than the fact that more and rol>mi h:m ll° un‘ d'cs h.mself.	Salt water alone is not very effec-
imnls being shown for	the first time	that suddenly this country itjea has	more the elementary schools have	‘S(! >’ou will see .hat the farm is	tive	.fi kceping tbe tubes and teat
should be previosuly led	about so that	taken hold of the city, and the farm	been developing children’s brains by	serving as an example, a copy, for	^	sanitary. The* addition of a
they are accustomed to	the noise of	school at its best is being imitated	teaching them through doing. The	t‘lMSe e.ementary Vlt.v s‘“°ols unn h	gmay amount Qf chloride of lime will
automobiles, shouting, etc. In teach-	in the most modern of the private city	old dull way of committing to mem-	represent the most scientific ideas and	make tbe brine solution gvrmicid-
Feed, care	and cleanliness	this	ing an animal to walk up beside the	schools!	ory facts out of books is discarded in	educate Toward the most scholar.y	^ wej| Qg aatiseptic	The
month and next are all important. If master, a long buggy whip held j do not mean that for their arith- the schools of our more progressive professions. 1 he basis of brain de- Bolution that hag been found any	important	item	is	overlooked	now	around behind one’s back	will be found	metic cify children are taught to cal-	regions and where it is discarded	yelopment is now known to be musc.e	^	^ ma(je of e; ht and one-
that	neglect	will	show	m	the	results	quite useful. It is not	necessary to	culate the shrinkage of hogs, nor to	there are found the brightest, most	1train ng aT,d V‘C occ.uP1;tlor?s °.f farm	half	gallons of water, ten pounds of
next winter,	also	next spring	and	mistreat the animal to teach	him to	WTite themes about silos. That would	ambitious children and	the largest	[lfc* whether learned in school or	and one-quarter pound of	chloride
lead. Most animals are easily	taught	be as absurd although no more so	number going on into	high school,	home, are being copied aitificia.ly in	of limee Kresh chloride	of lime
All	young	stock should now	bo	if approached in a sensible	sort of	than were the old stock-exchange and	As à result of mental	'development	elementary city scnuois Decause great	^uld be added each week	to keep
sorted ami culled. Besides those, way.	banking problems formerly imposed through muscular training they are educators know im m to be the very the golution ftt proper strength. The^
showing very undesirable color and jn dealing with bulls they should, on farm children and the compositions full of energy and ambition when they wit means or producing active, eiricl- odor pf floride of lime can not be shape defects	and serious disqualify	0f course, be sufficiently handled so	concerning	the	sewers of	Paris. I	finish the lower grades and they seize	ent minds, capable or making the	detectcd \n the milk#
cations, it is important that any	and	that they are tractable, but the only	mean that	the	principle of	bringing	eagerly on the more cultural studies.	™os} °r u baa-ver nigner culture or j	This solution has been tested	just to
•II slow growing and slow feathering gafe bull Is a dead bull and most fairs knowledge into>touch with life and of A great educator srfÿ» that prob- business oppmtunnies -i <* may otter determine what reauits it woujd give
chicks be culled and sent to market	make it a misdemeanor to bring a bull	learning to do	things	which it is	go-	ably no city	school can equal the good	in luter >ears- nv>* ProtU^e thc	kind	when used under ordinary farm condi-
Never breed or attempt to get eggs	into the ring without a staff. The	ing to be our	part in life to do,	in-	farm as an	educator for the	mind	°r ™en a|1'1 wo!|r,c”‘ wn® act‘	tlons. When it was being tested
from such stock. Youngsters show- one thing to remember about handl- stead of only learning about things through the muscles. It offers a 1 nree cheers ior tne vanaaian farm. ^ ^es and cups were placed in the ing leg weakness, twisted wing feath- ing bulls with a staff is to keep their which hrfve fallen to the share of oth- splendid variety of employments, de-; 11 8 tne best place in an tne world golution immediately after each milkers or any inclination whatever to heads up. As soon as a bull can get er people to do, is making over the | mends' accuracy and promptness, raise great citizens.	|ag. being first rinsed In cold water,
lack of vitality should* be sorted out his head down, he can use the huge city schools as it has done the farm punishes forgetfulness, neglect and	*	while the tops were thoroughly wash-
and sent to market as soon as pos- muscles of his neck, but as long as schools.	shirking and shows definite results	Fence The Garden..	ed with hot water and washing-pow-
eibIe-	his head be kept up. he can be hand- There are two very solid reasons from work 4S^e* This is easy	Fencing for the farm garden is un- der and the pails sterilized with
Standard size and shape, which are led with considerable ease.	for this; one of them is a business understand.	( doubted 1 y a necessary investment un-1 steam. Once a week the tubes and "
obtained through strength, vigor, pro-	Animals intended for show sfiould	reason and the	other	a scientific	one :	. TheI*c aye	machines in use in	some	less all stock in the neighborhood	is	cups were thoroughly cleaned with
per housing, feed and care, are nec-	be started on feed at once. Showing	and each vital.	:Clty schools	which develop the	same	maintained under good control.	It	hot water containing soda, and were
essary to success. Even strictly egg	has always been accounted a means of	The business reason lies in the in- !mu8cles	which housework	on	the	should be high enough and tight en-	scrubbed with* long brushes.	The
farmers must select and breed to a	advertising and it has never been	creasing difficulty and complexity of	—------------------------------ough to keep out poultry. Some	milk drawn from the machines	con-
standard for size and shape. Pure	|ooked upon as a money-making	nfe When you compare the busi-	farmers fence their poultry and leave	jtained no more bacteria than is	found
bred fowls unless carefully culled will	scheme. The young breeder should	ness of farming to-day with the sim-	FUNNY FOLDUDS	the garden ""Protected.- Others	in certified milk.
£,=£7,5^ Si 5c	|	t
and as a class difficult to handle In and often his best advertising right stand what I mean	j I fX	observation leads me to believe that
large flocks, to house and feed them ln the home community. There is no No one does anything more in a I \ 1	^	f	*he farmers with the fenced gardens
to insure uniform conditions. There «hocus	p0cus” about showing animals ‘ very small way. The whole world!	|	l _	/	raise the most and the best vege-
| 1 other reasons also why the young despjte	üle fact that once in a great js tied together in a network and the	If	V) Sl/U	4 CL	Itables* A conflne? hen will fly out on
stock should now be culled, thus per- while a judge can be deceived into threads of your business are knotted 1	VV&ff 5**'	occasions but a hen with the free-
rritt.ng more houre and range room putting an inferior animal ahead of a ;ato the threads of other people’s ¦	* vlnTl ^	dom of thc remainder of the earth
for the more desirable during the au- g0od one	‘
tumn months
bl
" alcohol.	——	_
But alcohol is not a tonic, it stim-1 Tonics are often needed after pro-
ulates at first and then depresses and longed exertion which has exhausted is the worst kind of a habit-forming- \ the vitality, after intense heat or cold.
j and after prolonged confinement in sûj improperly heated and ventilât wf
rest
•a*;i
through careless
¦ f ten
Who Runs Your Farm?
government runs my farm
‘he
drug.
But it is of great value in certain
conditions especially when it is necus-, house or place of business!	.
sary to produce heat quickly and stir The dull and listless fee,mg which up a fainting heart.	pomes in the spring is an indication
It cannot possibly be*useful when for a tonic, and it is then 'hat the taken for weeks and months in pre- highways and byways are alive with Derations in which it forms 60, 60, or flaming advertisements of all sorts of 70 per cent.	patent medicines, presumably tom s,
Such preparations surely are not to deceive the unwary, medicines in thc proper sense of the The tuberculous weakened by sweats term	ing, cough, loss of sleep, and absorp^
A tonic is a substance which helps tion of poisonous material need tonics, the organs of the body to improve and those should be selected which the quality of their work, the heart to will help and not delude and disap-beat more slowly and vigorously, the point them.
lungs to expand and contract more The anaemic, pale and weak from forcibly, the digestive apparatus to poverty of blood ami impairment of dispose of food more effectively, the functions require tonics and are often Train to think more clearly and per- greatly benefited by them.
51 Perhnpi it will not do all these QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, things directly, but if it does one M. V.—1—Please inform me as to of them successfully this may be fol- the symptoms, cause and curability of lowed by a successful action in other pink eye. 2. What is your opinion of directions.%	one who cannot look out from a great
The pure air of the mountains or elevation without a desire to leap the forest is a tonic to the lungs, but down, and who starts in her sleep it also brings more oxygen to the when such a situation is ^brought be-blood and hence means better blood in fore her?
the digestive organs, heart, liver,	Answer—1—'This disease is other-
brain, and kidneys.	! wise known as contagious conjunc-
Therefore pure air is one of the tivitis, being an infectious condition best and cheapest tonics to be had, of the mucous membrane which eov-available to almost everybody.	ers the eyes. Its principal symp-
People need tonics sometimes be- toms are swelling, redness, soreness cause they really have some kind of and a free discharge from the eye. disease, ^nd sometimes merely be- ; This discharge must be removed with cause their machinery is slowing great care very frequently, and a
blaim

g'
tim p
one
A*
r,
iirii
!*
T. H. Estabrooks Co.
V>1*
• LIMITED
St. John, Toronto, Winnipeg, CeJgary
à
Hi


t *n»<liun r ood Control l.IccnM No. 6-276
PH
Neither was he
to supply
MOTHER-WISDOM
He did
All l)a> Long the Happy Farm Child Learns by Doing.
By Helen Johnson Keyes
slogan: centres which makes us think and that sometimes the centres for mus-
Education has a new “Learn by doing.”
That is a way in which farm chil- do control and for thinking are the dren always have received much of same.
cents.
Farming means production, just as ,8 does manufacturing
The
!
WDmrrft
Cleaning Milking Machine».
i
!
(jPc’/Iftirb
summer

-So
Yields
tton
of
&nd^
are
ALL
%

wheat
will often condescend to remain out of a fenced garden, i In order to do their best, vegetables 1 need a little rain at frequent interval*. ' Light showers coming often are more conducive to growth than a h.*avy rain followed by a long dry spell market gardeners install watering systems and they find the investment an insurance against the dry periods which sometimes nearly ruin fine crops of vegetables installation of systems for supplying water to farm homes will be followed in some cases by an effort to irrigate the garden crops^ This will prove an especially valuable asset if vegetable growing Is to be depended upon for a part of the farm income.
Vegetable growing means hard work and a large amount of time expended on a small area the effort to produce a fine variety of first-class truck for home use saves expense in keeping up the table and makes the farm a better place to live.
Animals with good in-	businesses	so that you	are obliged to
dividuality, well-fed, well-taught, well-	take very	good care	of your own
Green	food in	some	form, as	well	as	bred and with all exterior appearances	strand when you knot	it into the net
sour	milk	or	buttermilk,	should	be	jn first-rate form cannot help but be	and do it	very properly or else you
supplied to both the old and young a credit to the breeder, even though stock if possible. A good grade of they do not stand in first place, meat meal, beef or fish scraps should also be supplied
develop better youngsters and will insure the adult stock being in far better condition this winter.
Fertilizers the Necessary Gear
Fertilizers made hundreds of acres strong enough to survive the bad conditions of last winter and spring.
Do what you can to insure best wheat conditions for this fall and next winter.
I

L
will disturb the business of other people, who, in turn, will injure yours. Life having become so complicated, there is not much time left for merely thinking about things man, woman and child must do things and do them well.
A new science has grown up in the last generation which consists of the study of the brain and nervous sys-¦ I It has a very long name and delicate and complicated instruments with which to make its discoveries IHHHHHHHIHHHH establish through this new science, taken up by educators and put to in schools, and in this way many morale we now must guard, | <&*nges In methods of teaching have we must have faith when hope Is come *beut.
d 32	I One of these discoveries is that
grow heavy now and moaclee play an important part in the
growth of our minds. It has been b# our cqri "We shall succeed!"	that those parts of the brain in
though disasters round us tall which are seated the centres which 1 M OOTTüeoaI thitugh them alL control our muscles lie round those à
Some
These foods will
Be Cheerful
Every
•tteU SPORT, ITS SATURDAY AGAIN, 111 51/CEP M WALK FOR MA, AMD THEM
1/rti BORROW BROTHER DOffS CANOE AND TAKE A TRIP - JUST ME AND YOU?
It doesn’t help the boys out there To whimper that the foe Is strong, It doesn't lift their load of care To wail that things are g<ÿng wrong There is no one thing that shows it doesn't keep their spirits high the amateur quite as much as to bring p0r us to sit at at home and sigh animals into the ring that are not ac- And prophecy in manner glum tually broken to lead. The show pn(- ' That grim disaster's mal ought to be taught to lead right ]
Keep cheerful! though the task is hard And hopeful though the days are
I
Doubtless the
Training to Stand
tern
I
very
sure to come

The truths the learned men
Fertilize!
up beside the master and not have to be pulled and hauled and tugged. An
are
r

Wriio /er froo bulltUn on Foil Wkoai Production
grim Wn ft
use
However,
Our o
[WANTED
Highert Nrku P 'vmgt tutors*—We Oeeu
P. POULIN A a.

ULTRV,
The Soil and Crop
our

Improvement Bureau
fir

Th!»
*
1111 Temple Bldg., Toronto
Many a woman has a fine carriage who never owned a horse.
And

v
we#
X
###PAGE###7###


&7îe
(yOniufo
The Tea of Teas fisa*.

m

SES

* • .
\
*
•V .

I v.
I
A
I

m
'•K #r.
«r'-J.le 1ere« r -Tr
X MJEÏ vfi

>
to si* jars of fruit or vegetables the
K very housekeeper is anxious to Hsy. Speed up gradua.Ly. build up safe reserves of fruit and Jb.n't assume that the water sur. tu I he» for winter, and a good rounding the i"r- will keep boilii
Dfdîcioiislv Different to the Ordinary, provider Ukeii jumtifiabk pride in without attention U> fuel. The right
-	‘-----------» ¦	--------------------------*— well-filled «helves. To such women, tempi rature muet be maintained for
»>	•	, « i- « I twanty-flve pound allotment of sugar, sUCl'v
Hr£MrVCQ AI\(1 901m Oixiy op t»vvii a more gvnorutiM till own nett •	^ miit#ke gimrnef ' ng watt*r for
in Sealed Packets-----------• for canning, will not provide a safe boiling water. “It was boiling Just
margin, unless there is a careful al- » minute ago.” doesn’t meet the re i location so much sugar for cherries, <iuirement cf boiling water at the mo; and so much for peaches- and this me1,: f|f using, program backed up with , generous supplies canned without sug^f
Kngland has adopted a method of
Pulping Fruit.
mm
(
mA
—hewde
0442
«le


s
gleans sinks,closets'
Kills roaches, fits a mice Lpi$solvcs fiirt that nothi ^^dse will move_
nom# ¦ thmegh vow <Ww— few W w. 12.;$,

}
Black — Mixed or Natural Green
«Nekâ W «s SJ 23
X T. WR1QMT CO.
•» ?e
tiei-tso
h-.i

HAMILTON
I
/
His Great Decision
8

His shady character never kept a man cool.
The free uhh of an effective Hew
A duet
Booklet-* on ('tinning.
There in an abundance of literature
The Austrian» have stripped all the
preserving fruit without sugar, known	on canning for free distribution and	church*# in the luvadM regions of the
as “pulping," that is employed both	even the most experienced housewives	hells, and are now even digging up
commercially and in the homes. This, can get some pointers from it. Here	(lie cemeteries In order to obtain zinc	hath	** very ewnt,al	1,1	r,f,dl“g	,hn
method is economical of jars, am no	are some useful bulletins which can	fronr the coffins. The population 1* In-	fuW,H of llce	Whitewashing	In	ef
water is used in canning the fruit. I he had for the asking:	dlgnant. and many who have protest. f*ctIv*	vermin. U a kerosene
tHAPTER v_	w„... wd .Jj:;...................................................................................... - g .........................................
iS'wS: SSSH, i«s rjatts «"%
defensive, the war seemed at her wer.	end caps m position. Place pan on Toronto.
Whose wound* would be cleans- "He’s living. You’ve got to be fire and bring water to the simmer-! Home Canning of Fruits and Vege the filthy material before her? brave. He call# for you constantly. I Ing point and keep it at this point tables Macdonald College, Que.
Belgian, Algerian, w»s off on an important mission when half an hour. Remove bottles and fill Canning by.the Cold Pack Method African, Oriental—whose? Ameri- the first of the wounded were brought them one from the other, replace rub- —Manitoba Agricultural College, can»? She turned suddenly white	receiving «tatum. When, afuJ ,,p, ,„d put the bottles| Winnipeg.
dow^tLUper-iî did^Uk^mi ^VmT^^inVa^fn^anoth- ' table?" Farmers DuU^f 8M)-Dh. oueh Ui face death for hi-* country ^ng to get into my working clothes, er five minutes. Take them out one of Publications, U. 8. Department of ould find infection lurking in the He'd been calling for “Marjorie’ but at a time and screw down the tops. Agriculture, Washington, easing* she sent forth?	| of course no one knew who Marjorie Invert to cool and teat the points. Canning and Drying Book—Nation-
The opening of the big defensive meant."	Wrap in paper to prevent bleaching al War Gardens Commission ,Wash
came. It filled the hospitals with! Between the rows of white cota the and store In a dry, cool place.	ington, DC. (Enclose 2c. [or Ameri
wounded and the country with fresh do%t“y lead the young girl to < rane a1 Cooking the fruit before bottling is can] for postage.) heartbreak. No word had come from. bedalcfe.	Mdnri*»»	a simPIe method of pulping, but the The Canada Food Board, Ottawa.
rE/H™™ EEEEHE
* uiries about the work of the am-	“Steady, Marjorie.”	heat until enough moisture comes	out	Fruits and Vegetables—Canning.
a nee drivers. What she learned	“Marjorie,” moaned the man.	^ ,	to prevent burning, then increase	the	Drying and Scoring,
did not bring her happiness except	"Yes, Crane," she answered	softly	heat until the fruit boils.. Boil	an	Vegetable Recipes,
that Crane would stand vindicated at and reached out to smooth his fore-	hour, stirring all th time, and can,	Bread	Recipes,
home.	jhezad. The man stirred. Marjorie	following the usual methods of steri-	Fiah	Recipes.
I	F?r - •* »•
the workers in the war zone who do turned their eyes, now tear wet, away fruit to prevent burning. -not take risks	but I	doubt whether	from	a scene	that had become rever-i	Pulped fruit can he used for jam,
many of them	are in	more constant	ent.	For a	long time the girl set,	stewed fruit, puddings and pies. The
danger than the ambulance drivers. ; patiently answering the call to her	English housewife who has to he very
“Some one was telling me the other name. Then slowly quiet came to	carefu] 0f SUgar makes up pulp Into
day of a young	ambulance driver. The	the man on the bed and he raised his	^ one jar at a time, allowing half
•tretcher bearers had	brought some	right	arm «	i1 to wave. A smile	fl pjnt of mg^r^ a pint of fruit. This
Some(‘o7 th"' men were" badl'y hurt- i ‘ “Chuck th' book,” ho murmured. ^ai’quantky of nusar *	88 ^
one wan an American. The ambulance; “Hike—in Country—scares me—pink usual quantity of sugar.
—Kaiser’s nose.
Marjorie quickly took her cue. ]	CANNING DONT’S.
N ------w--*-	“Yes, you'd pull the Kaiser s nose, j Don’t start canning until you have
^ your boys have been tinkering with slowly opened and his right arm went new ones.	!	,	,	. Q	r
automobiles for years Many of	out as if groping for some new-found	Don’t use	old rubbers.	New ones	The canning calendar for September
the ambulances arc driven by plucky	treasure. Then he looked about and	are cheaper	then allowing	fruit to	tells you to can plums, peaches, to-
Americans. This one had to drive stared at the girl at hia side. “Marjl” spoil.	j matoes and corn. Nor must you for*
over a stretch of open road—in plain	he whispered. "Marj!" and fainted.	Don’t use	two-quart jars.	Use quart	get to make some plum jam.^^088N
•	sight of the Boches and they do not	To-day the two who brought the	gjze pint	size is best for a family	lowing is the recipe: 8 lbs. plums, 6
hesitate to strike the ambulances if war in realty to Clmton » doors are of nQt Qver fiye membefSi	| lba< ^ar. Put the plums and sug-
EÉ-sB1 i pEH '
defily things went black. When he double duty is as good as two work- percent.	until the fruit is thoroughly cooked,
picked hinxself up his ambulance was ing on half time. Yes, Crane prob- Don’t plan to can more than three Stir as little as possible.
NAVY GROWS TO
si« c son non tons	tas s
his own pocket handkerchief made a his own account	l/jJl/VjVVV 1 VIU sailings in the^e trades.
tourniquet for himself. Returned	x	(The end. >	--- Share of U. S. Ships Important.
to look for his fellow-sufferers to find	----------- .	.	u % , Vliw
SSEiBFlB ' 1 u, s™r.:™,rEx&JSSrJsdv
opened his eyes.	Laying Cornerstone of Hebrew Uni-	___ these were carried by American ships
“ ‘Hello, old paid.' said the driver. verslty on Mount of Olives.	and the United States furnished for
EÆ r"	Ch.ltlanlty, »— -i «* M" «¦* " »">	tZüAZZT""	”	'
lost his arm- iLwas too batf.y mang- proceed from the old Hebraic vision. original 146,000 officers and men have led to save.	The soldier says that * My house shall be a house of prayer grown to 394,000.
all the way in he kept cheering him for all the nations." Part of his ad*. v	.	.
up with fueny stories and his laugh dress follows:—	L Boat Menace Defeated.
wa* a tonic. Miss Mann, it’s the man *We are creating during tlie period Sir Eric Geddes, First Lord of the who laughs in the fare of death who ; 0f war something which is to serve Admiralty, speaking in the House of \ah*ro V thi;	.	.. , as a symbol of a better future. It is Commons, March 5, 1918, was able to
rest of the chaps chained to their beds sorrow, should stand sponsor for the ( North Sea, the North Atlantic and than‘all their medicine put together, university. Great Britain has under- ( the English Channel were sinking It was only at first when he went out stood that It is just because these are submarine as fast as they were built; of hk; heed that he sobbed. They’re times of stress, Just because we ten^l and on the 30th of July, says the all the same. IPs always because t0 become lost In the events of the statement, he made the welcorhe ¦ of some woman. He'd gone off end Ljâyv that there Is need to transcend nourkement that during the last three forgotten to tell	im-	thege detallg by this bold appeal to months of the first fa If of 1918 the
^:^n„van ^rtLreVthe tele- the world's Imagination.” •	' I world output of tonnage exceeded
phone. y Anyway, we must get back Among these who attended the cere- the world’s losses from all causes by
•	to work immediately."	mony'were General Allenby, command- no less than 100.000 tons per month.
Marjorie did not turn at once to her er in chief of the British army In As {o means of defence against subdutieS. The telephone jingle seemed Palestine; the senior members of his marines; figures now are * available to call her.	staff, the Military Governor of Jerusa which show the convoy system has
"Miss	^ es+ Miss Mann is jem# 8taff representatives of the placed a large part in overcoming the
"	.	,	.	... French and Italian detachments In submarine menace to ocean communi-
rinvfniT..;? H.r?ul?Xr could Palatine, the Mohimmadlae Mufti of cations of the Alliée. Whereas, in not have described Crane better had Jerusalem. Bis|ion Maginnis, the Angli- the period from April to June of last " he known him	can Bishop of Jerusalem, and promt- year, before the convoy system was
Who is it, pîease? I can’t hear." nent public officials.	established, British steamships sailing
Marjorie held the receiver close. “Dr.	------------- to and from the United Kingdom in
Baco it Yes—yes. I’m needed at Tennyson's "In Memorinm" is per- the main oversea trades, suffered the Lospital ?	^„'L^ran’’ Rector ? bapg moat profound and beautiful loeifes through enemy action of 5.41
\ ou are wv»h him if.irjorie steadied trentment ()f the re union of souls that per cent, of their total number, the
%	thTZr » to be found anywhere,--Hrttleh flffm sinew then have rtwdily dim-
of a hie. ...d. Imgofd'^,o.idencewhn«i Weekly.	Inched, until in the phrlod from |
powder 1» always hi order
Which Shows the Attitude of Our Southern Neighbor At the Beginning of the War, and How the Republic's Noblest Sons and Daughters
Rose to the Occasion.
By Edith Bro wn Kirkwood.
s
%
H. M. Connolly & Co.
tXi
, French,
STOCKS AND BONDS
(Members of Montreal Stock Exchange)
106 Tranaportatlon Building, Montreal, Main 1346
Invest a portion of your earnings each month through our
PARTIAL PAYMENT PLAN
No order too small
It provide# a mode of Saving, encourages thrift, and thereby wealth and independence.
8
/
E
Subaoribe for VICTORY B0ND8
J
through this Plan!
Do not allow your money to remain Idle.
Information on any Stock or Bonde gladly furnished.
I"!

Canning Calendar.

(
0<X i ues


4
Williams i
. _	___ ____ /an
Gi
'

* I
»
New
Settle
driver was an American, too—
“An American!” Marjorie put her hand t<> her throat.
l ,	W/-
$at I	</<nr.
c
y
i
rTHE example of the late 1 Queen Victoria In selecting the Willlame New Scale Plano has been followed by many of the world's musicians. This fact has caused It to be known a# the Choice of the Great artist a.

most renowned
i
Fol-
l
<
Louie XV Model, $350.00
The williams piano co., limited, oshawa ont.
Canada’s Oldest and Largest Plano Makers
V

mnmnii/ni))jmnitnmii»»nnitimmir!





hsswk

n±ere\ <
is Beauty in EVery
< y
/
? '»
u

o



Y,


smashed ?

IlÜSL'S BtAlTY r KtkvJA»
^ramsHilkweed W i!
SHÜÜ3
qtoc^,CK r Ingram co.
c^a

?
r m«<h
ocrao
To prevent the knees of children’s stockings from wearing out, get the top of an old kjd glove and place It under the stocking at the knee. Then
herring-bone it loosely round; turn the other side and run it several times round.
i
Ingrtûm’s
MükWeed Ctêattl
BOB LOI?G
t
50c <Snd $1
touch of Ingram's Velveola Souveraine Face Powder, 50c. Italsoconcealstheminorblcm-ishes. Included in the complete line of Ingram's toilet products at your druggist's is Ingram’s Zodenta for the teeth, 25c.
A Picture
with Each Purchase
UNIQN MADE
Two Sizes
OVERALLS.
SH.RTS^ÜtOV
You are young but once, but you can be youthful always if you care for your complexion properly. Daily use of Ingram's Milkweed Cream prevents blemishes,overcomes pimples and other eruptions. Since 1885 its distinctive therapeutic quality has been giving health to the skin and youthful color to the complexion. It keeps your skin toned up. soft and clean.
The refined way to banish oiliness and shininess of nose and forehead induced by perspiration, is to apply a light
an-
a




V ;
i
âb
9mm
\
i
\
x
Cx

MCk&.i.* of
6t Pertu
Each time you fcuv Ingram’s Toilet Al<|e your druggist will give you, without charge, a large portrait of a world-famed motion picture actress time you get a different portrait se you make a collection for your home. Aak your druggist.
2&t
me
r

. Bach
tire«A-4
:*virv
S4

fnrm,CceAt <? _
F. F Ingram Co., Windsor Ontario



x

###PAGE###8###
SERT WAINMAN
The Shawtille Boot and Shoe Store
JJew Barber St|op
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner,
Renfrew
WATOHMAKM AMO J1WELLIR
SH AWVILLE.
A Miook of—
Fair
Cheapness in Shoes
Victor Victrolas
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
and Victor Records
Ouatomera may rely on getting —Juat coming In | prompt and satisfactory §er\no
at reasonable rates.
Watoh for our Exhibit at Shawvllle Fair
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday
Sept. 18, 19, 20, 1918
L
A Call Solicited
tiring In your wntche* ami jewelry need-1 TRUEMAN TUCK ¦ SNAWVILLE.
Ing repairs to us. We specialise In this class of woik and assure you satisfaction.

X
#4,000 offered In Prize*.
Grounds Greatly Enlarged.
More Space for Exhibits.
More Space for Sightseers. Exhibit of Model Farm Buildings. Special Speed Events. %
Demonstration of Cooking with Wheat Substitutes.
War Relies from Battlefields of Europe.
Baseball Matches Harry's Ray ; two days.
Balloon Ascension anil Double Paraehute Drops by Capt. and
Madam Farley ; two days.
The Merry-Go-Round.
Big, Noisy, Fun-making Midway.
Grounds Brilliantly Lit at Nights.
Square Deal for Exhibitors.
Courtesy to Visitors.
Good Music by Brass and Pipe Bands
Fine Displays from Good Farms. Best Apple Show in Ottawa Va I-
And on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE
1 H ointe in Heifer, 1$ yearn old,
1 Holstein Hull Calf, '
1 Durham Hull Calf,
1 Durham Heifer Calf,
1 year-old Shropshire Ham,
Also some Ham Lambs.
All registered.
Apply or phone JOS. HROWNLEK,
R. R. No. 2. Shawvillc
Goixl Stock anil Dairy Farm—Part of Lots 4 and f>, 1st Concession
of Bristol
100 acres valuable bush.
Will sell 115, 150. 200, or 000 acres, as purchaser may dexlre.
For particulars apjily to^t he^owncr.
Bristol, Que.
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
Renfrew vs
1
MASSEY-HARRIS
In buying we look for seryice, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a " bargain price ” blind us to the lack of them.
(The Popular Farm Machinery )
Having taken the agency fur the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to form the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
in
Ivy
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Enlarged Poultry House.
Valentine's» Splendid Orchestra at Night Shows.
A Jolly Big Crowd of People.
Be one of t he Crowd
Pleased
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us
For Prize List or other particulars write
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
The singing of the National Antheiu closed the meeting which was presided over by the President, Mrs. Wm. Hodgins.
Most things can l>e anybody 8 gift -your ; portrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
II. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture.
W. E. SM ALLFIELD,
Sec.-Tree i
H. IMISON, Vrtist in Portraiture
T. F. BARNET, President
Local and District.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
TRIBUTE TO OUR MEN
An auto truckload of “wet goods" on the way to Thurso, was
seized nt Hull a few days agjo. A Hon. R. Lemienx, formerly P
truck of this kind, it seems, is not M. General, has lost his only son recognized as a proper vehicle for in the war. He was a bright! pop-trausportacion purposes. The in- ular lad who enlisted at the age of rident involves a legal decision
Behaviour While Overseas Has Been
Highly Praised.
The following has been received by the Militia Department at Ottawa from Sir Edward Kemp, Minister of Overseas Military Forces of Canada:
The finest behaved soldiers that we have to deal with." This is the reply of an Imperial authority responsible for the conduct of all soldiers in London to the question, 'How do the Canadian soldiers conduct themselves in London?"
From time to time statements are ti££Ulated in Canada which tend to give the impression that all is not well with our troops overseas. One time it takes the form of criticizing the Pay Corps; another time It Is Argyll House; still another time It Involves the behaviour of the troops at the front, or In London or elsewhere. They are always at variance with the fact
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, •
Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
R. J. HAMILTON
IS
Mr. Hodge, under whose supervision the School Fairs were held last week, had his time so fully occupied for some days previously, attending to the numerous details in connection with those events, that he overlooked the necessity
Office and Warerooms
It is stated that the'Ottawa Government is considering having Thanksgiving Day in November, to divide	the	|xiiiod between
Labor Day	and	Christmas more
equalh. and to coincide more neat propitiating the weather man, jy with the American Tlmnksgiv-and	the	latter handed out a stamp	n.lg ,	-V-	>he	last Monday in
of goods	that	was	anything	but	yvtoher is a	little	early, too early
choice,	*	for the tuikey market.—Toronto
Mail and Em pin
A copy of the l^emberg (Sa.-k.) [This question, since the abovt Star reached us last week. This was written, has been definitely is the paper which Mr. A. S. Me- settled by fixing the date foi Dowell recently purchased, and Thanksgiving Day on Monday, Oc-which our late staIT member, El- tobor 14th.J
wood Workman, has gone West	-----?——
to manage. In a new country The sugar shortage was fully where things generally are on the realized in town last week when hum, the Star should have a not a pinch was to be had in any successful future, if Lemberg's of the stores. Distress iiervaded prosjwcts of development are good, the atmosphere of several ho and the townspeople give their holds, where preparations for home paper a fair show.	serving fruits had been made
to the point of adding the sugar, when, alas none could be had ! Conditions should improve materially this week as large consignments of the much sought for commodity raeched Ottawa ln<t week — seven car-loads in one lot and fourteen more to follow
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE
of
First Friday,
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done
t
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HAU, SHAWVILLE :
It is a coincidence that those who start such tales aro usually men who have failed to make good, and who desire to pull the rest of the world down to their level.
o
O. Y. B, LODGE. No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
Irvin Hamilton. Rec.-Secy
%
Give us a cal
E. S. H. Workman W. M.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
The Imperial authorities are not only unanimous about the splendid
lion of the Canadian overseas forces. "We could not ask for better, abler, and straighter men to work with. The Canadian headquarters do everything possible to assist us, and, of course, we reciprocate, the results of cooperation working out most successfully."
1-t
| HT
up
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
Up Against It.—The members of the Shawville H. M. Club and other lady workers, may have to discontinue their war-work activities owing to lack of funds to purchase the necessary material for that purpose. The men of Shawville are responsible for this condition of things, and they should endeavor to remedy it as quickly as they can dig up the coin. It is not creditable to them, nor is it fair to the women that they should be forced to beg for what they require in this ease.
Herb Hour. Ufa
W.M
Reg. Ho do ins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N. Hodgins.
W. Cmop. in Com
Fair Week
Reo. Honoixs Com. Scribe
will relieve the situation for a few weeks if our merchants are lucky enough to get a fair share of the stock.
Regarding the conduct of the Canadian troops in both England ind France, it will be reassuring to know that the percentage of crime ,	.	, ,	,
is less than it is in the army In Can- Stï,p °J. ™nnin* from govern
,,	. „ .sssrsgHff:: is - «s
I.»?!™1,” .«.hiVh.e <,Uest.i.<ilVRS t4’ they are without doubt the best tl « i publication will tx* re- troop» we have In France—best be-
>umea in tlie hjiiglish language 01 haved, smartest and keenest '' not is yet to be decided upon
FOR SALE
When you are attending Shawville Fair next week don’t miss the opportunity of seeing our ex-
Burnside of Given Lake," three I t©DSiV6 (ÜSplay Of
J. A. MACFARLANE,
Bristol. Que
fast table, may be employed in preserving, but it has a distinctive, u flavor which makes it less suitable I than white corn syrup. The fruit jar should be tilled with the prepared raw fruit, then covered with syrup and finished off in the usual way.
' FOR SALE Reg’d Ayrshire Bull
The Canadian Provost Marshal and his staff have the reputation
j.	I for being an exceedingly able and ef- I years old—registered (No 51083)
P inis in Mind.	Sclent force. They work on the basis Apply to
Under She Dominion Inspection lhat a man 18 innoce*it until the evl-	JOHN McCORRISTON,
The September meeting of	the I and Scales Act a bushel of	nota-	dcnce prove8 him guilty. An old of- R. R. No. 1,	Maryland
Shawville IL M. Club, held in	the	toes must weigh 00 lbs., a	i>eck	render fares hard wilh them, but a
Masonic Hall last Thursday even- must weigh 15 lbs., and a lt lion boy gone wrong 18 *lven a sharp Jerk ing wa< an event of more thso	or-	74 lbs. A bag of’potatoes	.	up* He 18 8hown the error of his
dinary interest made so by	the	weigh 01) lbs. A barrel must .-mV	waZ8 aî(! the rlght course is pointed I
SShfM if
\\ atsmi, (student in charge of the | not exceeding $25.00, for each subBaptist congregations) who con	*^É| ¦ WKÊÊ W ~	¦
Clothing and
Cents’ Furnishings
STRAYED
Nothing to surpass it in town and we can show you a big range to choose from at dollar-saving prices.
We shall esteem it a pleasure to show you our goods.
&PJL°?once ,H Hue any other force—even the Guards.
ptist congregations) who con-1 sequent ofience a fine of not "less splendid^morai standard pertaining buted to the program an inter- than W.00 with imprisonment in in our army, but the work done bv address on some of his default of payment
experiences in the war
STRAYED
tri
the provost marshal's department is
also an important factor.	mostly white. Information that will
The Canadian Provost Marshal’s lead to hi* recovery will be thankfully rc staff in London, England, Is compos- ceived by ifte owner, ed as follows:	| HAROLDUUTHBBRTSON.
Major O. 8. Clifford, of Calgary. 1	R. R. No. 3. Shawville
Capt. R. Corbett, of
estm

van
zone on the Western Front.
After the business of the meet-1	TVOTTniS!
ing was disposed of a short pro-	AXVfAlvüâ
“Id"-ÎSSBrow'S1 “r"“°W’1 TO "'TIES USINC TRACTORS.
Household Science, of Macdonald by n?tine“ r° carry Planka for use when British Columbia.	I Strayed on to the premiacs of the uu
îx.ïStiS1"1	s
eugar, butter and flour.	E. T. HODOINN, M*. Some of hem have a. man, e,peDM!!kmc q^rgb CAREY. .
Solo-Mrs. C. H. Hodge.	Sec.-Trea. I « ,our wound 8,r">«.	|	R. R. No. 2, Shawville.
STRAYED
ARCHIE DOVER.

