###PAGE###1###




O

No. 22, 37th Yeak
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV
$1.00 A YKAIi IN ADVANCE
21. 1018
4
THE BANK
OF m OTTAWA
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1871
V
Fires Break Out
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Best
and thieves break in. Don’t risk the first, or invite the second, by keeping money in the house.
Put it in The Merchants Bank, where it will be safe from loss— always available—and earn interest • at highest current rates.
Paint î Paint !

4,750,000

tâ9»,
94 Branch© in, Canada
a
te l

Right now is a good time to paint.
HOARD OF DIRECTORS
¦i
John B Eraser Vice Président,
* ' AleXètêder Mhi-IhiNmi • * 1 '
' #	J. O'Rrtvn# . -	»
Hon. £ir (ivmgp U Porlpv
t E. C. Whitney
As»t Genera) Manager :
V. Cairn.
-	• Chief Inspector "
Drafts;- Mom1} Orders vml
Hon. George Bryson* President Russell Iil^ukburn, #
Sit George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon «G«4f rge Gordon.
; General Manager I D.M. Finnic.
' '	W. Dnthle w
, ji hank we if equipped to serve the pu Idle
Loiters of Credit Issued.
*ï -s- *« * ' ? w"' >vvr * y • \ % îb
Interest added half yearly to Saving» Balances
Mr. Farmer
il
Do you realize that yonr barns, Milos' and other outbuildings are worth hundreds of dollars more than before the war, owing to the advance in labor and all kinds of building material, and that you simply cannot afford to allow them to remain exposed to the weather rapidly depreciate in value.
3
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
In protected they
Head Office: Montreal. OF GjMNKËXDA
SIIWV VIL LE BRANCH,	•
QU YON BRANCH, ....
CAMP BULL'S BAY BRANCH. - .
BRISTOL BRANCH. -
Established 1804.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager C. E. SHAW. Manager
We have just received a stock of
SHERWIN WILLIAMS'
COMMONWEALTH BARN PAINT
PERSONAL MENTION
B «aines* notice* on this
«iSfsr .rApZ I js'ï»» ;	::
Nov. tin to H Sve ad. on ttfi page. I
which wo can offer at a very mi
liable price
Get busy some evening and figure out the matter for youi self—it will pay.
A BIG DRIVE
HENRY’S
SHORTHAND SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
Mrs. George Nash,. Ay liner, haa A special Thanksgiving service I been- the ffUDat of her cousin Miss held in the Methodist Church Hilda Thomson for a few days.
! FohSteîCoobapher». For the pa.it year 1 the Civil Service Commission ha* been : scouring the country for competent I ate nograph era. On Feb. 10 every Bmm b | of the Servie»* was friaced under the Çomiuiwion which menus that the do mauds are how doubled
J. H. SHAW.
was
on Sunday evening
, *fts'r, .'S'jtltsstiyr’ss; to.".™
tK-avei <:1<>th coats., f ir inuimd, * .« his annual hunt at Lake Dumont, and 48 to do if at $23.50. DovUL
Mr. J. A. K. Cowley, of Ottawa
Canadian Food Board License Numher
8 4503
'Our course includes Shorthand. Typ<-writing. Spelling, Penmanship, English Correspondence, Office Work, Civil 5

Misse-
Chbistmvs R \tf>. Î will giva Ml of Montre*], ateotnpauiedjjy theii nhotm to tiie dozen now until .lan. 1st. friend Mias Jennie McTfivish, are This will solve the problem in yonr visiting relatives m this section. Xmas shopping. Come early. A good Mr. Alex Smith, who spent the variety of folders to choose frôm,	summer months in the West, was
H. Imison, Artist. | in town a day or two last week,
the guest of his parents, Mr. and Shawville would require a much] Mrs. Ben Smith, larger Honor Flag than that re-| Mr. and Mrs. Chan. Tucker were reived to contain all the Crow ne I in Westmeath on Thursday and the. town ie entit led to the uum Friday attending the obsequies of her being twenty-nine ! Nome Mr, Tucker'’s mother, who passed excuse for crowing a little Rere, away from a stroke of paralysis
eh?	after a long illness.

COWLING
vice, etc.	|
Our STANDARD of Instruction being ) !•• , higher than any othoi oui grmlnatca arc preferred and given BETTER pay. -
Our teachers know what to teach, and how to teach it, all having been practical stenographer».
It pays to attend the LARGEST and
best
D. K. HENRY. Prbsîijênt Cor. Bank and Sparks Sta.
OTTAWA, ONT
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
W^F.Gowr.ixtj, H. G. W, Bitaithwait. President
W. A. HODGINS
Principal
SHAWVILLE
EXPERIENCE
, If you contemplate having some photographs made, come early in the Irvin Hamilton, who went West day, especially if its a family group, or with the harvest excursion, re* children. The days being short, the turned home Wednesday night hours for making pictures are limited.
The Bristol Branch of this Bank rtnd is now confined to his bed with Fourteen photos to the dozen until is now open daily and is cotise- the “Flu," of which n tew new cases New Year's quentlv in a much better position have developed in town since our to handle the growing business ot |a„t issue that community. The Portage du
Fort office will begin a similar eer- Among a group of returned .	.
?re in the course of a few days. soldiers who reached Ottawa last day next, Novembea 24th, ao8 p. m.
__, - -- week was Pte F. (Mrom, a Fort A memorial service will he held
Gouionge boy, who bears the evi- tor the late Mis. hd. Hodgms and Thanksgiving Day, DSC. 1. dence of a pretty close call. Os- Mlj^Srnet
Advices from the Provincial trom was shot through the jaw by Governments of the four western a rifle bullet and his jaw is now provinces show that influenza con- held in place by a gold plate, ditions are such that the churches
Fund, for which he has our thanks Horner, of the same place, son of
behalf of the boys at the front, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Horner, of
The November issue of Rod and who are likely to be there for Wyman, Que., Rev. R. Y. Tindalv Gun published by W. J. Taylor several months yet, before things performing the ceremony Limited, Woodstock, Out., is on are in a settled and safe condition. The bride who was given away
B HrixEr sFjsE ^IE EKT&Bæ SmE
saTS^TsSi: ^ hr	v *hS“ *-*	•»' fflüÂ’sr Æs-i.x «ysMisrAVirsi
Moose Call/' a story of two narrow otner ways-	wore a drew of blue silk poplin. Plokanock Road) on Tnesisy. Nov. 5th
*|S bœffir7 SS-fSif
penence in the winter wilds, by A.	G. Mee,	-.(Hi The brides gift to the bride- _ •	________ I
wttJ-4 jg :	4S	bsa^..":
soine of the contributions to the	Miss hthel Galdwell,	-.00	gold necklace ; to the bridesmaid	mg a sum	ot money. Owner may have
story section of the magazine. “ S. L. Horner,	1.00	I a gold brooch pin and to the	same by proving property and paving for
Other articles follow and the usual	Krvine Findlay,	1.00	groomsman a handsome pair of	tbl® a<*vL	Apply to Bert McLamon,
department* are well maintained. „ Emerson Richardson,	"1.00	cuff links.	BrUtol.
An article on the making of niccca-.	31 boxes were mailed on Nov. 15. After the marriage a dainty „nn ~ p
fho-M >d, gd V;‘n Turpi.z to |	•"* —-
ihlîhiï'cSuiïïlStouîïi*** ÏEif h? "iCirVS%”tbl
vs
EXPERIMENT.
THE BANK OF OTTAWA
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade oi profession
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of WiHis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 45%. This year to date i* even better. Still Employers’ Demands Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates. ’
"4
H. IMI»ON, Artist.
St. Matthew s Church, Charteris
Overcoats
Service will bn resumed on Sun
We have some extra values
in Heavy Cloth Overcoats, A visit to our Clothing Department will repay you.
Marriages
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
For Smokes.—Mr. Jns. Glenn, of
Horner—Church
Willis College
1;W4 Spark< Street, entrance between Ketch urn's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates

Mitts and Gloves
A FEW REAL BARGAINS:—
1 small Upright Piano, $75.00 1 Doherty Organ—tone and bellows perfect, $25.00
1 HeH Piano—good tone, $150.00 1 Hrantolo Mahogany Cabinet—lovely tone, $00.00
Also new Pianos and Phonographs at right prices.
Geo. W. Pinole, Piano Tuner,
40 Louisa St., Ottawa
November Rod and Gun
A complete stock of Fine and
Work Gloves and Mitts to choose from—in buckskin, horsehide and mule pull-over mitts. We have Wright’s famous quality—non better manufactured.
Oil
Heavy Gaps
For men and boys, with or
without fur-lined bands—200 to choose from priced from 75c. to $2.00 each.
A quantity of good on A Hod gins, R. R. N<
ion# o. 3,
. FOR SALE—A choice litter of young recelV- pigs. Apply to Jam. Ballantyne, Elmside.
FOR SALE —Two Oxfoiddown Ram Lambs. Apply to A If Armstrong. R. K. No. 3, Shawville.
Our values in the following
Lines are the best on the market :
Sweaters Mackinaws,
Gum Rubbers,
Heavy Tweed Pants, Long Socks, etc
i
John E Barton Victim of
bottom through his fiendiih policy I	Influenza.	Um enjri$5. h. p.< in" pe rfec tTun nïïîg
SSdiESPiS^S 5
food as possible at tho earliest The funeral took place on Tliurs- The deceased was a member of Die» from Appendicitis -
the trade or lu pnvatc homes. (*on of.Mr. Win. Wh.nrry, of Starks 1 On Nov. 5th, from Edward* Under- day night, and was taken to the
-sretira... ,u. . ti:2tiffisasys
voy*twfrom hurope to Aixe'ifs5^ »j,d Spanish influenza, arrived five small children.	Dr. Church, but the disease had
^%LT.M.',SL1,..1rtrtr-
LMJrr hïïX. s	ïtssne K., "sa.	.-retiras? iras# ;r
reumin for milling extraction of h, te Mr. Wharry wv in the 27th umnlty where hi- boyhood days noon, interment being made at standard flour.	i year of his age.	j were spent.	! Norway tiay cemetery.
Oil Tan Moccasins Moose Moccasins

I
The gift that pleases : Your friends can buy anything you can give them ex
utl in
n until Jan. 1st. Have yours made today.
H. Imlson, Artist.


photograph. My sped i 11 photo# to the dole
Heavy Top Shirts

111
W. A. HODGINS
Canadian Food Board License Number 8 3551


###PAGE###2###
j certainty that surrounded hcr. The
little that he knew made the rest seem horrible.
He was convinced by thia time that her father was * madman, v* ho fancied himself a dupe of society, hut as to what form his madnc&s would take he could only conjecture.
Of one thing he mat positive: there
ndoriying motive in her sed exile which she It was also patent

m
\

Use
Ilia imagination ran riot.
i
#

;


THIS IS THE TIME TO PUT OUR SHOULDERS TO THE WHEEL IN VERY TRUTH.
WE ARE ON THE BROW OF THE HILL—LET US MAKE THE SUPREME EFFORT.
BUY VICTORY BONDS TO THE LIMIT OF YOUR PURSE
THEN BORROW AND BUY MORE.
more
soup
Earner
!
was som© un father's self im
tha1 at time» she approved of hr* Homo-Mode Bread With Substitutes, set aside in
eft,r pSinursaft	*
And yot when he swooped to earth partment of Chemistry, Ontario Agri- v inous kinds of >en»t. . that day, and raw her waiting for cultural College, Guelph, follows:— (*) Compressed yeast moOld be d
&	"¦	syrs "w	*<«
=«a: «aw: s^vtis iî ftTS sssarjssisce
rules are kept in mind in baking a ^ Home-made yeast should be CHAPTER VIL	home-made loaf:	j warmed in a dish of wann water.
irüSres “ S™
more wan, than usual. There were ing it less time to rise from then on, sponge and mu in nutncient . 1 purplish shadows beneath her eyes, l>ecause the substitutes ar3 deficient and * destitute flour to make u\e and her body seemed to droop in every strength.	d&igh stiff enough not to stick to the
Only her hair retained m 4 afr#w_ * UKv g. rmA1liw,nfl hands or board but just sufficiently
IÜSS ESSSSB IhSs s=eî=R= #	feîSâàS =?3E£Eg
her shoulder, back along the road, as cnin all the wuhstituies, with the ex- agajn using the same precaution if fearing pursuit	cepU^n cf rye, the dough should not ln Meing that it does not over rise.
XtMtX***X*X*Ké*WW«&***™*™™™*W*X*WXl**M % "You don't understand, she wjd, get too much kneading but just en- Remove from the dial..
-You man with your money?" she	b 0uf* ‘l f?* 11 * "noo?‘ ^	to remove the etr bubbly.
sa Tirsjsrjssr	£jg£2einris ^	zzzt ; ^
would bave known twforeheed exactly ,hin* that all the wealth in America	hIJSv «mIm Her aoirit “Uger m Hi* F^aratton of the,* %, preVent a dry cruet forming on the
^ttuukeT	**1 fae W“ i	thLtrb!e iS-i” , He jîSnped to the ground « he eweet ¦ fete.
why we should continue our acipuun- "No," she said, “I can not. I . wav^ot hll imnd /chlore <7) The •Pon*a or dou*h shouW
issi sm si» Si
"Don*, tro yet'. 1 know as well *.< once alarmed, not for himself, but for	.	'	cooked mashed potatoes, 1 teaspoon	Real Living Hoorn,
you that you dont really vaut to get her. He feared what might befall ..^ë£?"	"IL	’	_	In many country home* the big
' For an°inslant ,he was startled and	htre ttS hour' to-mor- ^EngUruir lit saw that she Sift and add standard flour to these dining-room is the real living™®,
confused. The bullet-headed men con- row,"he breathed, and pressing hoi wss *n dewHy earnest and for several ingredients until you getjhe consist- It it a combination of parlor, library, tinned to regard her inquiringly, and, hand in parting, returned and sped	Y*3 11 k ® \a	Î'	ency of pancake batter. If your flour sewingToom and music-room, and, to
*	peaking briefly in his native tongue, toward his biplane. Hut before he ,u. .tlc 5ieteîii?5 Rîl	ifl 001,1 ^ sure to warm ifc bcforc be complete, must be fitted as far as
ehe baAs him wait	could mount Into the air Toto saw	n*	" ^	sUrt making bread. Add your fav- possible with the paraphernalia of
Ê'#
me help you?"	j him. But he had *leo expected this possiolf, she whirled upon him, her be allowed to rise. Uver night wnl| table, are not incongruous furnishings
She looked away from him wist-,and, having avoided their ambush, he arms outflung ^mall white fista tight- require much less than day-time or for such a room, with their accom-Vully and he saw that her lingers ke pt beyond the range of their bullets, ty clenched, lier body shaken from flvç-hour bread. Beat the sponge paniment of suitable chairs and a were neryvuky picking at her drees. Tiring at last of the sport, he sailed head to foot with the emotion that until smooth and elastic. Cover and pood lighting equipment A separ-I am m great trouble, she said ay toward home, feeling i \%r\surged through her, wave upon wave.1
*	low voice, "but you can not help me. spiritless and sick at heart. It was
Nobody can.”	nearly a week before he went back
"Don't be too >ure of it," he en- again, and in the meantime he hod •¦ouraged. "1 generally accomplish ( been harassed by doubts and fears the things I set out to do."	and, above all, by the mystery and
r

¦
a warm, draught-free

$
Put In plenty of vegetable* end rice or barley. Even with poor ¦lock delicious soupe can be made by adding e desk of
¦
I
1
1
(
alone.
s
SPACE AND POSITION DEDICATED TO THE CAUSE BY THE SALADA TEA COMPANY
M81
at
•lender line.
Oh%4a Pooi Bear*. Licence No. 11-141
I
The Double-Walled Secret
In this manner, it should occupy the most desirable part of the house from the standpoint of exposure to sue and view.
By Edwin Baird
Knead juat nh
w j
A % •
CHAPTER
War on the U-Boat


Substituting fish of all varieties fog meat.
Substituting economy for waste. Substituting l>asket marketing toi telephoning and delivering.
Substituting knowledge of tea food prices for gossip about profit*.
Substituting co-operation for critic# «m.
Substituting common sense for com» mon gossip.
Substituting encouragement of th< flub dealer for abuse of the fish dealer
a dish of steaming water answers this purpose well.
N.B.—The wheat and substitute flour may be mixed in the proportion desired. If 20 per cent, substitution with rye, barley, oat, corn or other substitute is aimed at. the flour used in making the dough should be blended so as to take into account the wheat flour used in making the sponge. The point of this is to have one part of substitute flour for every four parts of wheat flour—one cup to four.
Sponge:	General proportion
Lucky Slips.
It is surprising how many useful things come into general use simply by some slip or inadvertency. Blotting paper, for instance, was the result of a workman's spoiling of a batch tots which he had forgotten to put any sizing material. Nobel discovered dynamite by a slip, and the flrst bayonet was a mult of a soldier's suggestion that, as the powder was don* they should flx their long knives inte the barrels of their guns and charg*
“You can't—you can’ll To-night everything ends! I've got to go. We've all got to go. And you—oh, I almost wish you had never come! '
(Kelcey was never quite sure how it happened) she was in his arms and he was holding her closely and she was sobbing—sobbing—jobbing, as though her heart would really break.
"You’re not going away," he said, gently.
"Do you really love me enough to —die with me, Tom ?"¦ i*Pi*™*N
He smiled down into her earnest, upturned face, then bent and kissed her on the lips. He felt her arms tighten convulsively on his neck and when he lifted his head he saw that her eyes were again wet with tears.
"If we stay h-here," and her lips were quivering, "it will mean—d-death for both of us."
He saw she w.\s verging on another collapse and he knew it would be folly to reason with her or to try to get at the meaning of her singular! | | so he caressed her and humored her strange mood, much as if she were a child. And all the while, in the back of his brain, he was pondering upon the mystery which appeared to be drawing its web about them both.
Presently he said: "Have you ever been up in an airplane?" She shook I her head.	y
"Then here's where you begin." He led her through the meadow to his biplane and started the motor. The girl
hesitated._But he took her hand and
helped her into the seat, and his eyes so plainly said. "Courage—trust me!" that her fear departed.
(To be continued.)
And then
un-

0 y


Renew it at Parker's
The clothes you were so proud of when new—can be made to appear ntw again. Fabrics that are dirty, shabby or spotted will be restored to their former beauty by sending them to Parker's.
Canada is receiving only just enough sugar for her actual needs! There is no surplus for wastage.
First, all waste of sugar must cease; second, wherever poeeible, Coro Syrup must be used as an alternative for sugar.
You will discover a real economy, and a delicious addition to your household supplies if you
CLEANING and DYEING
words;
Is propsrly done at Parker’s
Send article* by post or express. We pay •arriage on$ way and our chargee are reasonable. Drop us a card for our booklet on household helps that save money,
PARKER'S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
Cleaner* and Dyere,
The Brand is Important!
Real Corn Syrup is GOOD—very good ! If your experience tells you otherwise It is because you have not tasted the genuine, which is produced from the most nutritious part of the Com by wholesome . and scientific processes.
Remember the brands, LILY WHITE and CROWN BRAND, and insist on getting them, for purity, economy and flavor.
Write to the Canada Food Board, Ottawa.for Bulletin on Corn Syrup.
Here are a few suggested ways to use CROWN BRAND or LILY WHITE Com Syrup to give to dishes a finer flavour than sugar gives :
Use CROWN BRAND Corn Syrup as a Sauce on Puddings.	J
Use LILY WHITE instead Of Sugar in Cakes.
Use either brand in Cocoanut or other Puddings.
'Use LILY WHITE ln making Marmalades, Jams and in all Stewed Fruits.
Toronto
7*1 VongeSt.
|r Special Notice
#//#
Fathom and Mothers, you can invest In

0
0
VICTORY
A great many recipes are improved by using half sugar and half Com Syrup. v
Buy a can of LILY WHITE or CROWN BRAND Com Syrup to-day and become acquainted with their great possibilities.
Sold by grocers everywhere In 2, S, 10 and* 20 lb. tins.
Two Sites—50c and $1
Per 32 year* Canadian women have found Ingram a Milkweed Cream the moat efficient toilet preparation on the market for keeping Ibe complexion clear and colorful, prevent S ng windburnand pimplea.kteptnff the h *r <1 * •olt and white evên when In dishwater dally, and warding off hang nails from the fingers. It ham therapeutic qualities no other emollient po
Always have a bo* of Ingram’s VelveoU Souveraine Pace Powder (50e.)ln the house. A mere touch and ollineem and pe re pi ration disappear. It covers up blemishes and gives you • clear, Hawleys complexion. It stays on. At your druggist’s there Is a complete Ur# of Ingram’s toilet products Secluding coder*a for the teeth (25c).

BONDS

•y
''Zkere
is Beauty )#T in EVery " * Jar




%
wo

for your children by using our
Partial Payment
Plan
9
mw m
^V/ARDSBOKq


s.

Easy monthly payments secures them. Write at once for explanatory Booklet and state how much you want to Invest for each child
£. !*, CONNOLLY & CO.
Members Montreal Stock Exchange
106-106 Transportation Bldg.
MONTREAL - QUE.
o
I
,0
(Cy
oi:

CanadaStarch Co.,Limited

A Picture with Each Purchase
MONTREAL.
DW»*
K»-.*h time you buy n package of Ingram's Toilet aide or Perfume your druggist will give you, without rh
WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÿnn
time you g'1 -rent port raiteoynutnakea collection for y our home. Ask y our dru ggiet.

• mt;*' mii

S3



’ * • ^k^vS'efte
r*C -iSK« f 1*0SAW ^
T '
F. F- Ingram Ca, Windsor, Ont.

###PAGE###3###
' OPINIONS ON WORLD PROBLEMS
ment» that should be In every school yard as sectional property and guides.
An outstanding feature wa* the recreation. Games or community sing*
Ing were the evening occupations.
These were much mpuiM with *
community1 centre.“ "" C*L8L TKKATMENT OF ITALIAN t	. psyeBt mor.
Indeed, the greet eim of the coure#	TRISONKHS	spectacular, more awesome than •
is the creating of » new school, a	Hu Settle. Every school boy thrills,	, R ¦
place of Interest to evoryl>ody, with	—"	tlhe the rest of us, at the naAe of a We are unalterably opposed to any
llK^fStiS Z&TI " "	« Th„ .. Armlilite «-«J-*»
o, ... _ J^rtur&ZB EmEm g ™ ™“' ' ESS33 EHBSHS?
ducka, there was a beautiful princess otie	8	.	*%.. nueen baseball lawns. All that is needed Austria's systematic and unbelief- engagements of history would pale We hs^ »t«r«vs Insisted, and do
who could not dance? Think of it! unusually crabbish, and t <1 to have such a school is the interest >b,y cruei treatment of Italian war in , insignificance. We had all the »0 new, that there should have been All the dancing-masters In the king 'n°*^ awfully weepi» ,	nunidra °* ^ people. Our schools should be p^senere {„ attrarffflt wide atten- material and machinery for a trane- % dealing- with the German Impar-
dom and In all the kingdoms for ladles outrageously crosstab. Ui m ^ cfntral gathering place of the tion	tendent event of this character— U Government until that nation had
*¦*¦!**
And oh, my dears, that kingdom up her things. “\Nho are you, mÿ dreBlied by competent lecturers on the hospitals.	..«v*	Hfm,I to the high- natural death overnight. In the clos-
grew pokier than snuff! Faces grew pretty ?’	topic of “The New School. After	Forced to Work When III.	,	-» history has done ing parts of the Wilson notv he again
long and dour, and visitors to the “Pm I>ianidra. the princess who generations of school* of the ordinary „In contrast to this, Italian prison- eS	”f ythit, , 0mparuUvely quiet calls attention to the fart that the
realmmost mighty scarce. And yet cannot dance,” the princess answered, kind, it is not to be wondered at that erfl arc forced to work for a few i * -flir:rnt work which receives but German people have no me ana o
this prices» was really bewitchingly hanging her head.	Jibe majority of pople do not know ^s a day. Thly are starved, beat- ! ^ efflc^"L ' in the news- j commanding acquiescence from the
WIÊÊÊm
* ***liPpi
œirrirey?«s-eg jjsxj-jzxsirrssM
sa-acrasre fiî.ï.e	s-----------------------------------------asst—-----------------swursrJBï —vi;-;
aSs=«H?	• THE WEEKLY SERMON _ i=sSfiES| SSSSSSSS&
have you guessed why? Don’t heart, and then with >our feet, Diani	x	-“	. , fh cerx of whom he Is justly proud.	main to the military
think she was bewitched. Not a bit. dra, for that’s what dancing is. And *whi;e ; was musing the fire burn- the embers. One ember keeps the lpaving politics to the politician*. ™ 2nd its Kaiser.
Let me tell you the way of it The I’m going to send you to the most *%_4hen spake I with my tongue." other hot. To rekindle a fire (.raw ^Jnder orders from the Army ( oun- 1 t Y	#	#
proud old king and the weepy old ! wonderful dancing-masters in the __p8almi 39, 3.	^ the embers together Whoever would cil at the beginning of the year, Gen-	Mr	Wilson	must know
queen and the stupi^ old dancing- world. Walk straight ahead be,	three	steps to the virtue of seek to make a cleavage in e	waa instructed to “extend bis	t;me that if the German re-
masters had been so busy telling tho tween these tall trees till you come ^hemence of speech are expressed masses of national life ia as one who ^ Under the circumstances^ there > ^d f ot Wn aolidly back vf the princess how to dance that they all to yonder gray stone, and on the other $n thd tekt:—Meditation—“while I wpuld pud the embers of the fire ; wa§ nothing for him to do hu< olej	ftnd e nally eager for war.
completely fo-gol to tell her what I side you will see your first dancing- wa# musing" Illumination—“The apart when life depends upon the the gliperipr command, but before ho | £	. could not have stood the
dancing was. So Dinnidra had it all master. He will tell you where to flre burned/' Conversation-“Then flame. Keep your eyes on any one m g#) he went on record regarding ™	> for over four years as
mixed up with her arithmetic and find the others. Godtkbye, little 8pake j with my tongue." There is who seeks to separate the sticks on the danerPr 0f leaving critical pom- hag done
spelling lessens. And of course she princess. Before the next sunrise a ^Hbnes» of ignorance whereby men the national fire.	tion* defended by too few men.	nati0n in the world could have
couldn't dance, bccatlse the wisest you will be the most beautiful dancer ulk much through knowing little, and	In God We Trust	*	..	. \y^tTÏ E0 compactly loyal to the war
person in the world couldn't dance in all the ten kingdoms."	there is an oratory of knowledge This is the law of nature. Every When the German command lear t and $ts ^croCs than were the German
with his head. -	(Concluded next week.) • whereby men talk much because they e loving creature in the animal of what had been done a tew weea.	R0 ,onfr a8 there was a pros-
know much. “Out of the^fulness worl(j has the instinct of the mass before, it struck at the weak-	of its being “Deutschland uher
must be made of Mr. Hunt, who knows ; of the heart the mouth spesketh. and the appearance of the foe draws in \ht chain and, broae	an	1	ailes"	(Germany over all),
and loves the plants until he makes Patriotic glibness is a popular fallacy ^ie units together. But every blood- uncomfortably _	p.fth	Has	defeat and the sufferings of
one feel he ia on a Divine mission | to-day and what we need is the speech thirsty creature lacks the fellowship overwhelming	• ^ impact, war changed the heart and mentality
with the beautiful green things as which springs from deep thought. of lte kind and of others. Whether Army, that	yarda to a division; | of the German people	\U\] their
¦eeee
sLSftWr? jri astt'sîrÆg:^ - sn	sæ srixs	ttr ffi «. »	- - —-
mMÊïB râav=
they work for the work1» sake. The work In planting flowers, which be-, ^	the statesman and the of-; figures in the personne? of the scene, preme War Council were not at fault. !
student» muet feel that agricultural came our own proper y.	!	fleial agencies of - information should but there is a third, and to this Un- |t i, contended that the British force»
education Is necessary and important mology, we took a great T ,**’ I concentrate their extensive influence seen Third the pair that are seen are «scattered their shots by ln,va“'ng so thoroughly do the professors instil. turcs on the history and extermins-.	intensive presentation of facts, speaking. On every bullet, bomb and p»ie»tine and Mesopotamia and other
its principles No matter how ffot the tion of scores of Insects. Tb's course »	of this breeze of shell we can write "In God we trust." fteldg.
day, they were anxious	to leave no- !¦ very valuable to « tcacher of fifth	,	tbe lâtent «trgy of the 8ndS>y these agencies seek under the
thing hajy or undone.	cU*ee8' fo.rM	and Poultrr The woodpile of humanity will burst into, help of God to assert divine justice
• If the rural teacher did nothing culture. In Bees and I oui ry e	put the great cauldron of war through human hands. We have
value the College, forgetting that \ of our food and the ^il. JTie Dairy	^	plunder	can avail without the alliance of
AUSTRIA SOWED SEEDS OF HATRED

BOYSetilRGS
4*
If CtiM. M. lie*. Atlerstf-st-Law, Dtnrtr. Colored*.
the rubeequent history of the struggle amply demonstrates.
Effort at Diplomacy.

k
A< Great Work of the Nary.
as

s
£i
I
J

4
i
"The Prlncee# Who Could Not Dence.
t
will
%
end of it
rould be no dancing—no court balle or frolic*, not- any music even, because music made the other folk* dance and Uie princess appear ridiculous.	'

I
m

à
So
?
THE SUMMER COURSE AT THE ONTARIO AGRICULTURAL
COLLEGE.
By Rosa Tinney, Cobourg.
The Country Boy

on one aim
be who boast
A home where city smoke blots out the skies.

Then I saw fortune kiss her shadowed
minimum
But the day was saved, and it is ¦ There, in that humble home, far up,
t zssrssz s ”£ “s '
M arch-April attack to reach the	how
Channel porte, the enemy «pent Itself, From haunt* like those oft come
and was never quite the same machine :	the greatest men;
after it	That Nature would be nurse-maid to
But the'foregoing clearly indicates	her child,
the far-seeing acumen and wonderful And then she plied her needi military sagacity of Britain’s incom- ' perabl* leader, the Honorable Sir
r«ld,e“‘"!£ntH to* the thought that Newspaper» will give as hrmiant* —Rev. David D. Irvine, the right man la In the right place, finish to window glaw U «Jamais.


Alexander Louis Fmw

>f men branch of agriculture
lie good of others . 1





*
«I



###PAGE###4###
é
Centre Barber Shop
THE EQUITY.
Millinery Sale
SHAWVILLE. NOV. 21. 1918.
On the Busy Corner
Nov. 20th to 30th
T. TUCK, PROPRIETOR.
(I
In tbe cloning hours of the wav Van aiiian troop* h*<l the honor of capturing the city of Moms where the little British army in the early days of the con fliet, fought heroically and died in determined but fruitless efforts to stem the tide of the Kaistrs overwhelming millions. How marvellously that uiv rushing wave has been beaten Imck and subdued !	.
Thy Vs kc i
V
%
Tobaccos, Cigars
and Cigarettes
All Trimmed and Untrimmed Hats in stock, including Children’s Hats, 25 p. c. off.
8HAWVILLB.
J»f
d\
A full line always on hand
MRS. D S. KELLBY,
Agent for—
The Crown Steam Laundry, Ottawa.
Spe< la 1 rates on family washing.
Bring in laundry Monday. Shipped on Tuesday —returned Ki Iday.
T. TUCK
}
à
&
Pontiac Wool Growers' and Sheep Breeders’ Co-operative Agricultural
Association, Limited

LOA N ( )Y ER SU «SUR I BED
SHAW VILLE
««

The big campaign to place five hun dred millions of the money of the l»eople of Canada at the disposal of the Finance Minister, in‘the form of a Victory Loan, came to an end Saturday night with résulta fully up to if not be yond jMipular expectations.
Whilst complete returns are not available at this writing, it is reported the big sum asked for has been over sub scribed anywhere from fifty to one hundred millions. This result should be
NOTICE
Warning* to Trespassers
APPLES
Over the Top !
The undersigned hereby gives notice that hunting, trapping or trespassing on Lot 11 on the 13th Range of Clarendon is strictly prohibited Anyone found so doing after this notice will Ik? prosecuted according to law.
We expect our car of Apples to arrive this week. All good varieties-both Pall and Winter. Those who have not already booked their order should do so at once.
XV. E. N. HODGINS,
MANAGER,
jy Elevator open every Wednesday until further notice.
Shawville and Clarendon more than double amount allotted of Victory
' Loan.	-
Successful Campaign Terminates with Grand
Finish
Amt. Allotted Shawville .. .. $ 9,000.00
31,000.00
RODDY DONAHUE
NOTICE
particularly gratifying to the Minister of Finance and the Government, especially of the abrupt termination of
Or C. H. HODGE,
SBC. TREAS
The Tax for the School Corporation of Shawville is now due, and all parties whose names appear on the Collection Roll for said Corporation will please pay said school tax into the handirof the undersigned on or before Nov. 20th, 1918
AMT. SuBSCRIBEl
$73,800.00
31,050.00
m view
hostilities, which reasonably could be expected to produce a feeling of indifference, as to how the Government fared
Clarendon ..
• »
K. T. HO DO INS,
Secretary,
Shawville School Bd
in concluding its gigantic war effort.
The Kg vit y is not yet in possession of information showing how Pontiac as a whole met the appeal for the money required, but it is safe to say that the proportion of the loan allotted to the mty, has been materially exceeded. This is satisfactory, when it is considered that Pontiac is not, comparatively shaking, a rich county, apart from its natural resources.
The immediate district of Shawville
Total ..	..	$40,000 00
Communities or districts subscribing the amount allotted to them receive an Honor Flag, and for every 25 per cent, subscribed in excess of that amount they are entitled to a Crown. It will be seen front the above fine showing, therefore, the conspicuous place Shawville holds with regard to honors.
The citizens who engaged in the work of the canvass and all who assisted are to be congratulated on the very great success achieved1
$107,450.00
QVERCOATS !
OVERCOATS !
NOTICE
All accounts owing undersigned must lie sett^d on or before Decern lier 1st, as we are closing our liooks on above date. Any outstanding, after December 1st will lie placed into a collectors hands for collection.
We have just opened up a number of up-to-date Overcoats which will make those who wear them feel dressed. Why not come in and try them on and see ?
co
A. DOVER
to neat, Think or it!—two or tnree month® sleeping in a soft bed with a pretty nurse to bring you all sorts of good things—lots of good eats. A hospital is looked upon as a place
and Clarendon, we are pleased to note, acquitted itself in admirable fashion. Few places in Canada, we venture to
FELT HATS
. .	. .	,, That our Mayor and Secretary interview
say, taking into account population and |Mr. H ugh Ross and if possible arrange
assessment, hare outdone Shawville in | with him for the purchase of a gravel
the extent of its subscriptions, and there pit.
is no doubt if a little more time and at- Motion - Horner and Campbell-That tent ion had been devoted to Clarendon, Ixu ( n< " & journ. it too, would have far exceeded the amount allotted to it.
p. K. i.’s f'imnj Motor Law.
According to provincial legislation where a man gets “eats” every day
the kind that most people have
A good range of fashionable Felt Hats in the latest colors and shapes.
In Prince Edward Island, motorists may not use the roads Tuesdays or only on Thanksgiving, Christmas, or Fridays, these being market days. An New Year’s. Then, after that, ten exception is made for doctors and days’ pass; ten days of unadultered
Ten
liberty with plenty of money days of associating with "white people” once more and living as a human being once again; then, perhaps,
ministers.
G. T. Drummond,
Soot y - Treas
MURRAY BROS
Duty That Lies Near.
If only It could be impressed upon each and every one of us that we must If one is lucky, a nice “Bombproof”
at the base or in the pay or records office. That’s the highest ambition of the man in the front line, that Is, if you believe what he says.
Well, he realises this ambition Blighty, or perhaps It was a bad but anyway he made it and There was the nice soft bed.
The grub—
well, it wasn’t so bad—anyway, he wasn’t hungry. There was the little "Gee, she was a peach!”

EXTRACT
From a LETTER FROM Wilfred Tripp a0 our duty, whatever that duty may
Thv Government having decMed to	S whntTtr:
;md IxuformsixxMa! duhcs in con next ion )iaVt, every comfort. Nearly all our n tremendous part In the winning of \wth the Military Seixuv Act, and in iulrscs anj doctors are Canadians. The this war—she can save In many ways, the present circumstances, following only objectionable feature is our rations. 8ne can work in many ways and she jipon the armistice, then services are no The food supply is not as generous as doe8 not have to have any special tab longer required.	some of us with big appetites w ild enl for either.
like. Please send along some of ..nr character and Industry, these are fruit cake, etc.	the things that count, these are what
“ I was wounded just west of Vain- muke ,1(e really worth the living.
_	I____________Jbrai in one of the biggest fights that we
Paris, Mov. 15.—It is probable that Canadians have been in. The two days the first meeting of the peace congress previous to my being wounded we went will be held after December 15, the date over the top and were doing fine until of the English parliamentary elections, the evening of the second day. Fritz X and at a time which will give ample op- seemed to concentrate on us, and we $ portunity for the American aud other were almost cut to pieces. All our ofli-delegates to arrive. A meeting to be eers were either killed or wounded. *> held shortly of the inter allied confer- Among them was Lieut. Anderson, of ence will finally determine the details of Renfrew—a brother of R. V. Anderson these questions.	of Shawville, who was killed some time
The general feeling of the associated ago, and, oh, my, it was the saddest Governments is that Versailles-Paris is thing of my life. - He was such a fine
the mast convenient place to hold the chap, and we were great pals ; we a few impulses which might be put
peace conference, and	if	this were	de-	chummed a lot together. I was sent	down	as patriotic—there was a fight	..	- f h t ho 1(, be He
tided upon	it	also	would	serve	as	a	back to headquarters to report that	going	on and I stumbled on to some	begins	to think of those long trips in
recognition of the paramount position of nearly all our officers were either killed excuse for getting into It.	a quiet part of the line, where he
France in the war.	lor wounded, and was resting along with WeI, curiosity Is more than didn’t shave for twenty days; he reabout fifteen other men in a big hole-	* T.	htte	members that "over there I9 a cer-
that the Germans had used for nmmu- 8ati8fled‘ The wonderlust has all ta|n offlcer wh0 lngtead of waving
nit ion, when a big German shell came been stamped out of my system, and commands of “Form fours; right, right among us. Five of the number my patriotic impulses are entirely quick march!” says, “Let's go!" He were killed and the rest wounded. I without fireworks. I’ve been in the remembers another offlcer whom he
happened to be one of the lucky one.,	fight	and bave been rather badly	o t f et t hrttheU fl re That
for unless a man is killed here be is	hurt,	but not beaten, for I want to	putB (he fear of God into the bravest
counted lucky. I was hit it two places ge( hack into it.	man; but that doesn’t happen every
-on the left leg just above the knee, The deslre	back ig e	day. The uppermost thought Is of
and on the left foot have lost part of a	.	.	,	.	that good fellowship and freedom
toe, and also just below the ankle on	th ng8> Ask any of th	b?y8 he	lf	from petty discipline that exists “over
the left foot. On my right leg I was	to go back to France, and there.” There is also a thrill about
T. Trudeau appeared	asking for assist-	hit in two places—just below the knee,	both	hands will go up	In horror—	a "big scrap” that no man yet has
alive tn install a culvert	on the filth von.	^ y«>u nee I have been pretty well laid	“No,	no!” As for volunteering,	far	been &ble to describe. Yet the mis-
mmm
its iib isp isa
sstiStr™rb,,i"01 ~ notice to	are
That Jas Sylvester be exempt from Municipality of Clarendon is now made doubt about that. The mud, the wet, “	’
taxes for this year.	and complete and will remain in my the cold, monotonous food, shell firs
T. A. Orr requested seven snow gate* office for the inspection of parties in and all that sort of thing, sre enough
for use on the winter road through his terested, for the next 30 days ; and at a j lo break any man’s heart. The great-
¦	il	est ambition of any Canadian Tommy
Is to get a nice little “Blighty” of those kind like a small piece of shrapnel in the foot or In "the knee, a nice wound clean through the
pMIHlL ,	.	___
hurt much and takes a lonr time
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
Military Police Disbanded
i
Our Branch Store at Bristol is now open
With a general line of Merchandise .. :	at Popular Prices
one
nurs
Then the ten days’ pass, then back to the base for a “bombproof” ] along comes a chap that was his pal down in the Somme or up in front of Vlmy or at Passchendaele made Blighty in the June 3rd scrap, you know.
They fight it all over again. “Remember that night we were bringing up rations and got lost apd wandered into Heinzie’s front line?”
“Bet your life! I’ll never forget It. What became of old Shorty Foster? He was along that night.”
“He’s still there—got three stripes now, the same old Shorty, though. Remember the night we went up to
ens:InW)ÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊlËÊÈÊÊÈÊÊÊÊÊÊÊË
time?” And so on through night af-
• e
nd
We will be glad to see our old customers as well as new ones.
We are in the market for anything in Farm Produce.
HIGHEST PRICES paid for Live Poultry.
Ask for prices on Peas and Beans. Later on we will be in the market for Grain.
He
Peace Conference to Meet December 15.

Why They Go Back
Note,—Miss Cuthbbstsox, who has been in charge of our branch store at Norway Hay during the past season, will be in charge at Bristol. ~
w
HEN I joined the army I was filled with an over-
wasn't that a lark of a
R. A. GRANT.
whelming curiosity as to j ter night what war was like, also
Before long the dull routine at the base begins to pall. Shining brass and doing parades doesn’t conform
N. H—We close at 6.30 o'clock Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays Canada Food Board License Nos.—10.7830, 8-10002, 8-10001,
Keep in mind the Fact
This Is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tinware, Eqamelware, Ironware
Bristol Council Minutes
Bristol, Nov. 4,1918.
The Municipal Council of Bristol met on the above date. Present :	Mayor
Campbell and Councillors McLellan, Campbell and Horner.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of Horner and Camp-
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
Satisfactorily done.
bell
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
Q. W. DALE
A
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv, Shawville 7.36, a. m. (B)
Lv. Shawville 2,65, p. m. (D)
Ottawa—Montreal :	à
Lv Ottawa Central 8.45, a. m. (B)
Lv Ottawa 64	3.30, p. m. (A)
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 3 30. p m. (A) via North Shore
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa Broad St.,
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouveh :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 2.06, a. m. (A) JR57';
Explanation of signs (A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Sunday only. (D) Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.	•
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
44	4.40, p. m. (B)
9.00, a. m. (C) 8.30, a. m. (D)
goes
44

I have a bombproof here at th# base, sorting mall and hunting up aliasing soldiers' addressee, but I’ve rolunteered for motor machine gun work and I'm going back IX the M. O.
___Letter from soldier of
he 6th Canadian M. O. Co., Canadian W. O. Base, Seaford, Sussex Co., England. . _
8}>ecial session to be held in my office on Wednesday, November 20th, at 7 o’clock
property
test let	or f >r	‘ration
Motion—Campbell and Horner—That |p. m.. said List will be homologated the collection Soil as prepared be accept eu and homologated.
Motion—McLellan and Campbell-
*in let me
E. T. HODOINS,
Sec.-Treaa.
one of those that don’t
Shawville, Oct. 20, 1918



###PAGE###5###
WORKERS IN WARTIME shawville marble and granite works
T. SHORE PROPRIETOR.
THE EQUITY,
N|en, Buy Underwear
A Weekly Journal devoted to Leoa Interests.
Pill
\t Shawville, County Pontiao, Que.
INTERESTING DECISION GIVEN BY A WESTERN JUDGE.

He Makes It Apparent That In the Eyes of the Law Civilians Have Just as Great a Tart to Play In Winning the War as Soldiers, and That They Must Not Shirk Their Responsibilities.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public ofthisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
rano(option, |l a Yrar in Advance
tM All arrears must be paid up before any paper la discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
F
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for *t Insertion and 5 cents per line or each ebsçquent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch u sorted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcement# Inserted e,t the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 Cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising bfthe month for longer periods Inserted, at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly»	»
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-fished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
N the Crow’s Neat Pans and South* ern Alberta coal mining districts where the mines are being operated under the direction of the
I

If you want real Underwear at modern prices BUY NOW and protect yourself from the Flu.


Director of Coal Operations, appointed by the Dominion Government, the question has been raised as to whether miners eligible for military service under the Military Service Act, 1917, should be exempted from such
service, In view of the urgent need for greater coal production. In the cases of some J 6 miners whose claims for exemptIon*were disallowed by the local tribunal at Fernle, appeals were made to the Appeal Tribunal by the United Mine Workers of America, and His Honor Judge Thompson rendered a Judgment In re James L. Hunter et al, which reads as follows:
"This case, with thirty-five others, are appeals made by the United Mine Workers of America on behalf of men of military age whose claims have been disallowed by the local tribunal at Fernle.
"Each case will be dealt with Individually on its merits and on the principles which I am stating in this general Judgment. In each case this general Judgment is made parf of the individual one.
"In making any decisions upon the claims of these appellants, I cannot consider what they promise to do In the future; I can only Judge their future conduct by their past performance.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY

w-M


All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
L\
XX
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
FOR SALE.
1 fair of Rams, (1 shear),—Oxford-downs,
1 litter t>f young Cheeterwhite Pigs,
1 pair of Collie Pups.
HUGH YOUNG, Bristol.






o

JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing cheaply executed. Orders promptly attended to.

O. Y. B, LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
G. G. McDowkll, Willard Hoixuns,
Rec.-Secy
neatly anS by mall
s
UNO
l
I
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
W. M.
FOR SALE

L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
Herb IIodgins.
W.M
One Cheviot Ram, registered. Call, write, or phone
ROY DUFF,
Maryland, Que.
Professional Oar&s.
Reg. Modgins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the lUh of each month.
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Umop. in Com.
Men’s Heavy Ribbed Knit Underwear, good weight, all sizes, $2 00 per garment.
Stanfield^ All-wool, Red Label Underwear, ribbed, soft, durable and warm, No. 1 quality, the old reliable, at 12.75 a garment.
Stanfield’s Blue Label, Double Knit, Pure Wool Underwear, for men working outside. Get your supply now at $3.00 per garment.
Stanfield’s Black Label, All Wool Underwear, extra heavy and worn by men who know warm underwear, at $3.50 a garment.
Fleece-lined Sanitary Underwear, wool fleece-all sizes 34 to 44—at $1.00 per garment.
DR. A. H. BEERS
FOB SALE or TO RENT
Reg. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
BURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay • • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of (ilcenMatVof Dental Surgery, Quebec
Dame Catherine McGregor offers for «ale or to rent her property, consisting of two acres of land, situated on the Main Road from Campbells Bay to Otter Lake. One good dwelling house and stabling for 12 s;wan of horses.
This property was formerly used as a stopping place for the general public.
For further particulors please apply to Dame Catherine McGregor,
Thom by P, O., Que.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Fort Coulonge, First Thursday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
Shawville • First Thursday,
ot each month.
"The country has been at war for nearly four years; for months the Military Service Act has been discussed in the House of Commons and in the press, and for months the Act has been In force. Both this winter and last we read statements made by Ministers of the Crown and from many other sources that increased production of coal was essential to the welfare of the country. If a man has not shown that he has been spurred on to greater production by the request of his country, It is not likely he would willingly obey the demand of his country.
"These appellants must understand they are not soldiers. And where exemption is granted to them it is so granted because the court is of the opinion they are of greater value to the nation by remaining coal miners than by becoming soldiers. And the only way they can continue to be of greater value as coal miners than as soldiers is by producing coal.
"1 repeat my statement: men to whom exemption is granted are in the position of soldiers and they must work as steadily and continuously as though they had donned khaki. To my mind they should esteem it an honor and privilege to be in the position where they are called upon to help their country by using extra efforts for the production of a commodity so essential as coal; and they should carry on their duties here with the same willingness and the same cheerfulness that their brothers and friends have shown when they went to the front.
" "It must be understood that In granting exemption I am endeavoring on the one hand to protect the interests of the worker. He cannot be bound down to any one particular employment in the mine or to work for any one particular employer. That would be placing him too much in the power of his employer. I can understand, also, that there may be many reasons why a man will be unable to work continuously every working day. There may be sickness, some accident may happen In the ^nine whereby the man is unable to work; therefore, I would endeavor to frame rules to cover these condi-
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
FOR SALE
I Durham Bull Calf.
1	year-and-a-half old Hols, Bull,
2	Holstein Heifer Calves,
1 year and-a-half old Holstein Heifers. E. T BROWNLEE,
R. R. No. 2, Shawville,
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
First Friday,

ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
Cheap House For Sale
at Portage 4u Port.
*rs of America, and it will be the duty of the officials of the Brotherhood to see that no such strikes ur : ess* lions of work occur."
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
Comfortable dwelling hou*e containing 4 bedrooms upstairs and one downstairs. Good dining room, large kitchen, good cellars, also cistern. Large parlor, halls un stairs and down stairs. Good stable and carriage house. Apply to
BRINK WORTH,
71 College Ave., Ottawa.
GEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Repair Ship Mysterious.
The manufacture of a large part of machinery to replace anything broken Is almost Impossible In the limited space of the battleship's machine shops. But wondrous feats are performed In the repair ships that accompany fleets on stations remote from dock facilities, states a British war correspondent
The repair ship Is a huge floating smithy and machine shop packed with everything that the wit of man can concentrate into the space for treating wounded battleships. These ships employ some of the best artificers fro hi bur naval dockyards and are scattered In every quarter In which the British fleet la stationed remote from dock facilities. The Boche has nothing like them and It has been stated that no inquisitive Boche has ever been allowed to intrude his nose aboard one to Investigate Its mysteries and take the information to his employers of how the strange feats performed by the repair ship are effected. The repair ship Is the abode of secrets.
AlVOOATE, BARRISTE* i AO.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
196 Main St. - Hull.
MRS. CHAS,
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS ÉAY, QUE.
Will be In Port Oodlonge every Wed-mesdav had Shawville every Saturday. **
STRAYED
Strayed ou to the premise# of the undersigned about last of September a red bull calf. Owner may have same by proving property and	nses.
Shawville.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, . Dressed
Lumber, etc.
STRAYED
Strayed on to the premises of the un-deisigned aboui Nov, 1st, a white ram lamb. Owner may have same by paying cost of advertising if animal is removed
at once.	LYONS JffUCAS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦I Bristol Ridge.
Devlin St. Manie & Ducios
Custom Sawing-.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
Will attend Courts and Business in the * District of Pontiac.
191 MAIN ST.,
STRAYED
Strayed from the premises of H. S. Elliott (Schneaux) a year old Steer, black with white spots on head and legs. Information leading to his whereabouts will be thankfully received by
STEWART STARK,
R, R. No. 2, Shawville.
-------------------—-------------- Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomachjand
GEORGE E. MORENGY Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured."
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
CLASSIC DRAMA IN JAPAN
Both Chorus and Music Aooempany the Pantomime of the Actors on the Stage.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great'
Success.
Rides Well at Ninety-five.
Jockeys, no matter what their age, "are generally referred to by those not closely In touch with racing as “the boy on So-and-So,” but a stable Tad" still going well st ninety-live la certainly hard to beat There Is one, a# shown by the following clipping from the London Sportsman of recent date: "One of the brightest and most alert of the lads' riding horses around the paddock at Windsor prior to their races waa old Faulkner, the grandfa-
ALL KINDS OF ,
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of JLots, Drawing, Copving. and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &o.
STRAYED
The actors—sons of the sons of gen-^Ü>B
- *¦- ~mm ####
of appetite and asthma. If you have a «PProacb, Gertrude Emerson write. ¦
sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five **1*' UD8een ha?ds llfted and h*l<* doses will remove the trouble.	b«<* • «JJ pf penlmmoa and Iri.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren cp'ored .Ilk that hung at the door of
frew, writes : “ I had rheumatism in *h® dp**sl°*	Thelr
, my shoulders for over a year. I used h»d wlde •«**“*• trousers and all the
'ttXET ïM27^™
---	d McCabe, R. M. D. No. 6, Renfrew, the, had the streaming white h.lr of
ParsonaUttentlon-Openallhoors. S.iZTSr	Æ &.XÆÎ «.ww
1	floor, which gave out a muffled echo.
With their flowing sleeves they hid their faces, turning and swaying In
Strayed from the premises of the undersigned—Lot 17. 12th con. Clarendon— ¦ 1-iack and white Holstein Cow, on November 2nd. Finder please notify
MRS. ADAM ELLIOTT,
Yarm, Que,
lions.
“On the other hand, there must be no mal-lingering, no holidays other than specified, no letting up on the production of coal, but rather u« speeding up on the part of these appellants. If It can be shown by the military authorities at any time that any man is not following the rules I am establishing, that man must understand that his exemption ceases and he will at once become liable for military duty."
The following typical "rules" indicates the Judge's view of the responsibility of civilians. They are taken from the long list stated by him:
one
102 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230,
STRAYED
GEORGE HYNES
ther of the steeplechase Jockey of thât I suer^redVnT’whHp.'whh pie'ee o^if name. He Is ninety-five years old. His left ear. Information that will lead to memory Is of the best and so Is hie the recovery of the animal will be thank-
STEER ASTRAY
•aller Invente Fire Escape.
One of the boys aboard our navy's fiflpt has Invented a fire escape which Strayed on to the premises of the un-
zn: wssrst 5BSSS
was to provide i coliui <ihle fire es- erty and paying expenses Incurred, cape which could be compactly and conveniently arranged at the window Jt a dwelling.- It CoiVsti of a container hinged to the sill In such * manner that by opening the window and folding the container on its hinge the metal ladder may be unfolded and dropped. When this operation la gone through, a means Is automatically provided whereby the ladder la aeld at a distance from the walls of he building. The advantage of such precaution Is obvious.
4 Any person ceasing to work for more than twenty-four hours will be deemed to be not continuously employed, unless he can show some just ^aiise or reason for his non-empioy-This prohibition does not.
I unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”	. ; <
Sufferers should secure » supply of |	£££%*£ «W 2
mind of the actor. The musicians beat »u their drums and above all ether sounds walled the flute, thin and trem-alous, piercingly sad, like a lost soul tormented of demons.
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING

pent.
ipply to recognized holidays and the holding of funerals. A lay-off of twent)^four hours without just cause 3r reason being rhown shall not occur more than once a month.
• Where a stoppage of work Is occasioned by some cause beyond U*e workman's power to prevent, for ex-isnple, accident, gaseous condition ol thf mine, ^shortage of material, or iay other reason whatsoever, a certificate must be obtained from the manager of the mine where the workman la engaged, and upon demand by the military or civil authorities, must be produced and filed In the office ol the Chief of Provincial Police ai . a.
in the event of a Strike or cessa tion of work by workmen other than Sampled men whereby the latter art prevented from working*, exemption .hall cease, subject, however, to tb* .«revisions In rules 9 and 10. Thi
>
oe remembered that this appeal ha made bv the United Mine Wnrt
THOS. EDMUNDS.
Lot 26 B, 1st R. Litchfield.
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
Local Agents Wanted
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
*
For " The Old Reliable,e
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
J. L. HODOIN8ggS%$g%
J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; NT Joyce, Quyon, One. ; or direct from the manufacturer W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont J*
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
Thousands of Orchaid trees need replacing.
War Garden call for small fruits,
Journalistic Dilettante.	early faring fruit trees Asp*-
"Wbat’e the matter with the city raKU9> Rhubarb plants, etc.
Mlltor Î Two members of the staff are The demand for Ornamental stock loldlag him and he looks as If he were in towns and villages is large, ibout to have a fit."	Secure a paying Agency with lib-
“It'e the fault of that wealthy cub' erai commissions. Experience
necessary-
STONE & WELLINGTON
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	- QUE.
^ California Sardine#.
Commercial Bulletin of Los Angeles •ays that the California sardine pack for this year will exceed that of Mainer which last year mounted to 2,500,900 hum, compared with 1 $00.000 packed n California. This paper asserts that the fish packed In California are true mrdlnee, while Maine packs • email
* Potage.
p.
%Young Pigs for Sale
Ü Utter of Chester White Pig*
4 weeks old, for sale.
Apply to 1‘llTKR BROWNLEE.^ ^
•eporter hired last week. The c. * old him to cover a Red Cross meeting hie afternoon and he said It would nterffre with h|# game of golf."
R0MPTLY SECURED
In all countries. A*k tor our INVENTORS ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
*4 University $L# Men trial.
seem a harsh ruling, bat it mu
(Established 1837)
TORONTO, ONT.
been
/
, —
###PAGE###6###
-------------' ^


tite winter, using a tant era while doing eo.
To ventilate the etBar we it until It te dark and open the door for an hour or two.
When wintering outdoors be sure to use suffideat packing to keep the bees warm. Unless the climate runs 1 many degrees below aero and stays there for a long time, it is all right to winter outdoors ' in the double-walled chaff hives.	y
FREE TO GIRLS FUN NY-FOLD-
WANTED BE
nd Crons


Big Doll and Doll Cmirlngo
¦¦ du tfff hSsfJatc/Ufa
rJf.GLSfiâ1^
poll CWrtitf* has ate* I frame and Wh*Al«. and
the seat, beam tod
k uTtheAua "Yf Ja I*
4 Inches high and 1#
Ht*h««t PM*#* P*K
Ki
TM»
tr-

J

I •
P POULIN * CO.


X
s
’	By Àgrottoinîst
Thle Department le for the uee of our farm headers whe want the advice of en expert on any question regarding eel I, seed, crops, ete If your question •e of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through thle column. ,r •temped end addressed envelope le enclosed with your letter, a complete answer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist care of Wilson Publishing Ce., Ltd., 71 Adelaide It Ww Toronto.
WSL'i
• 1 i
jest the right sise for the nig Doll.
Just send ue vour name mod address 1	#
and we wtU I s .	, v
you SO Paokagee of
lovely e mbs e end , I Xmu Poet Carde to 1 1	^ ¦
eell et 10 oente m package When they ere i mold mend ue the money and we will send you ....	-
Bl* Doll, with all oUargte I	• »wii	• • * — « * *
.....SrS k | ISS& I
*$sr a in" ,.i	^ moof ^ m hayj !
ihr« of th.m h. ^ f # i 'un ftEO HER MKE GRRM LEAVE) TWW.I
POULTRY
V.

%
,-rJCL
e
AH the world* is the greatest of powers; it ft sovereign end cells itself Set/ Whet 'we' does or says is called custom, what it thinks is called opinion, what it believes to be beeutl-fvil or good is called fashion/'—Ainiel,
lé I

of all kinds.
Better quality •preferred. Write for prices.
STANFORD’S, Limited
Mansfield St

• <
Marketing Fresh Egg#.	undoubtedly receive. The farmer pro-
Kn*h Uid egg, have » market val-',lw,n« frelh W *¦ forewl t0 ,uffor ue greater than egg, from the cold bev»u,a «< “»*« uudeelrable compati-
storage warehouses. They are worth tivn*
more than eggs put down in water-1 The best plan is to keep enough glass. Too frequently the farmer ' fowl* to make egg marketing worthy knows that his fresh eggs are worth a of attention Then, produce infertile VvU, premium ami yet he receives the same eggs except during the hatching sea- fuet prive that city consumers are paying uon. Ship the eggs to a reliable deal-
tor storage stock. It is not neves- or who is willing to pay for eggs for vour rente end *d-sary for a farmer to accept a price a select trade if you have enough	yo5î Dull and^
t or hi* fresh eggs no greater than the eggs. If the production is too email Doll Carriage quickly price paid for goods not of the same for frequent express shipments, it quality. It is being done because pays to make arrangements with a xokm-waiimm of carelessness in saving and market- local grocer who is willing to pay
a fair price for quality egg*.
The country egg buyer who ex-’this does not seem best, try the pri-changes groceries and merchandise for vate trade and try and work up rggs is not able to pay the price that business with buyers who are willing fresh eggs should command. In the to pay a slight premium over the first place too many farmers keep market price for eggs that arc fresh their male bird# with the hens during laid and absolutely guaranteed to be the hot weather. The result is a poor fresh.
quajity of erg^ ^	| U,is unfair to the ProJu ^ ,of *°od The small-top milk pails We been
Next, we come to the practice o- fresh egg, to compel him to .ell at ths found bv «périment to keep from-, —~--
• lowing the hens to hide their nests same price paid for mixed stock and forty to ,eVcnty per cent of the dirt Macing Bees in Winter Quarters.
*¦**
ei* will contain a certain number of count up in every business and it producing cleaner milk on the farm1 ,	..	, K . . .	, %
ooor quality eggs so he strikes an seems as if this Is more true in the and they should be in more general	c	, * va!ttl
average and pays a price allowing poultry business than tn any other use.	I *il thfy1	during the
for the inferior etock which he will line. _-	| The barrel churn operated by power w?l!ter	v;.l!1 1>e *n	“
| is a practical inve.tm.nt for the ' ?mn* *	a" h°	1	’
...	, farmer who make* butter often. It j ^‘ut n,vel‘ during t ie y.
of corn 1, given. Thi, corn i. kept, ,RV„ time #nd cut„ out one more of | Sweep up eny dead bees that may
in the house, precious as it is this ' the reguiar farm duties which tire accumulate on the cellar floor during yem- and so is never icy cold.	j the muscles. Many farmers who
45£ÇSSs
a, to get egg, In winter. A woman weald U a fine addition to the ration , ern(,d chutn the gmi> grows who is succeeding admirably in this but this flock does not get . % Often broader and butter-making becomes respect the present season gives the fresh vegetables like cabbage or a rather enjoyable and profitable iallowing suggestions:	hirst, do not beets,-are placed where the fowls can gort 0f business.	-	!
expect eggs in winter unless the hens eat them, but no condiments or pat- %t will pay to study the milking are young. Old fowls are too fat to eut foods of any kind are f up* lied. machines at the next fair or dairy lay well. Best result* are obtained Healthy young hens do n>fc. r^ufra show where they are exhibited. Many with pullets. Next, do not crowd; them. Of course, the quarters of the farmers believe that the milking ma-!
‘oo many hens in one flock. About	flock	are warm	and free from	vermin,	chine	is a complicated and expensive !
twenty to twenty-five will do better	They	have the	run of a amatl	outside	outfit	that is only useful on a “rich
than a larger number. If old and yard on fine days. When it is very man's farm" where style is some-young of both sexes comprise the ©eld or stormy they are kept inside, times more important than profits, flock it will lx* advisable to keep the i'eod is expensive, yet the egg* This is not true and many farmers young hens and pullets by themselves, which thi* flock are laying sell read- who aro using milking machines find Provide water with the chill off in fly #t forty-five cents per dozen and then alabor saver and an economical vo:d weather. Hot bricks under j the owner claims the hens are pay- investment. They are not too compli-the container changed twice or three ing a good profit. AJi the feed ex- cated and the expense of such a roa-thnes during the day will do this. If	cept	the com	and the chaff	is pur-	chine	is no greater in proportion to
kept clean there is no objection to	chased outright. The chaff plays an	it* usefulness than many other kind*
heating these bricks in the house. ! important part a* it keeps the fowl* of equipment considered necessary on Chsrcoel, crushed oyster shell and busy, besides supplying the necessary the farm, grit are kept where they are acce«- ; material for egg making. adMe 'at all times, and meat scrap ent it is placed before them they be-forms a portion of the ration every day. The first meal is fed as soon as it is daylight. This is a warm mash slightly moist, composed of bran, ground oats and a little corn meal fed in troughs. At thi* time a basket of doter chaff is emptied in the scratching «lied. There is no noon meal but about four o'clock a liberal feed
t
• Montreal
th*
f
J
If You Want tile Highest Market Prices
Ship ill your

r
I

r



! n
to ue—no matter what quantity We guarantee satisfaction end pay all express charges
LOUIS ÀBINOVITCH Manager

CO
ABBEY FUR COMPANY
H i D#nL ltf,
a fending, and good care, will make n I profit—«von in war times.—E. E. R.
Toronte
iug the egg*. *
(In business for «0 years)
310 ST. PAUL ST. W*
Uefo?vnce. Bank of Hochelegu, St. Henry, Montreal.
MONTREAL, P.0,
f

i
V
Order By MaiI
Satisfaction guaranteed. Lovely Fur» at reasonable prices. Over 20 years' experience assure* our qualities.
COLUMBIA SABLE

Wears for years. Very stylish this season. Animal and Cape Anr effects. Sets ns Illustrated -
COON COATS
Well-made with generous overlap that comfortably covers knees. <b1 CA All sUas	-	'P 1 UU
1919 Catalog Free. Write
CUMMINGS & CUMMINGS
109A ST. PAUL ST. - MONTREAL
HIGHEST PRICES PAID
RAW FURS
|
1
i
» :
i
Complete School Sct-24 Pieces
WWÙ \»v%i
«

FREE TO BOYS AND GIRLS
«3
i S.M
I
«. KMlNht8ch^)Tn.'r "	^	} |o5 C*iyoo. (II cole.-..
i iisr oî^i%e«t.	i gix„rte('eoior,>
1 Compas».	i Patriotic Blotter»,
S Rubber Tipped Lead Pencil*»''	J	Union Jet* bias flttoker» #»
8 Metal Ceeed Lead Peoelt»,	that veil cab put the thuc on your
1 Pen Holder	school book#, letters, etc.
We will give you this whole l*piece School Outfit tree ot ell charge It
packegea ot oar lovely ea^hoated Xmas Poet Cerda at fx lovely cards in each package). , *

you will sell Juat 80 ; cents e package (a Scad ua your name and we will send you the cards to sell. When sold aeud ue the money and we will send you the whole outfit. Address:
'M,
Dept. 188. TORONTO.
HOMER-WARREN CO.


¦ " ¦ ------- — _ ^ ' •
S e a way plenty of cabbage and gin to scratch in it and instead of mangels to serve ns green food Tor moping they are working and singing, the fowls during the winter and early Young hens, warm quarters, proper spring.
The mom-
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
m
By Andrew r. Currier. M O
Dr. Corner will answer all signed letters pretalnlog lo Health It year I seat Jon Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns | tf mot. It will be answereû personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is stated. Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual cases or make diagnosis. Address Dr Andrew F. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co* 73 Adelaide Ot. West. Toronto.
I ipers!
Supply Bargains!
Send at once for Funsten 3 în 1 Book. FREE, Game Law»,
gJSSSSSSSa
®E%ry Indication pohitsto bigger
I-.- n*yt tVappeistli »
ËËÈSS8kl&
Lympâthic der usual-conditiors i# lymph or contains lymph. If you cut your finger
Questions Relating to the
System.
N. L.—What is the function of the and introduce a poison the poison may lymphatic system of the body ? . Is, be and often is taken up by the lym-there any relation between it and the phatics producing inflammation in blood? la the fluid which is in Wist- Üww vessels and the surrounding timers derived from the lymphatics? Of sues. You can see the evidence of tho what use is it to the body?	| involvement of the lymphatics in such
The lymphatic system consists of inflammations in the red lines or a series of small and large vessels streaks running up th§| gggggMN and glands extending from the sur- poison or the inflammation may be face of the body to its centre and arrested in the glands of the armpit
which become swollen, painful, frequently suppurate, and often require, more or less extensive surgical treatment. The poison may be distributed by the blood over the body and the patient die from blood poisoning." Lymphatic glands in the neck and elsewhere are often the seat of tu^ berclos and may require removal. It will therefore be apparent that the lymphatic system is a very essential part of the body in its ordinary fu tiens and also the possible seat of serious disease.

FFEI
'Hie
arm.
aKEssKîSî SESStTs: css tru
Solving the Nation’s Shoe Problem
communicating with the great vines of the body which go to the heart. Into these veins it discharges the fluid* it has collected from the tissues by absorption* fluid or lymph is transparent in appearance, the lymphatic vessels are arranged in meshes or network whichls closely related to the course of the bloodvessels the smaller lymphatics especially in the skin and mucoufmembranes being near the capillaries end the larger ones near
ile. At irregular
• SL Louis, m,.
BROS. * CO
4 LARGE section of the Canadian public, depends upon
/% this company for shoes. Our financial resources and buy -f % jng power are greater by far than those of any other Canadian manufacturer of shoes; our volume of output is more than twice that of any other. Our sales organization cox ers the nation from coast to coast, not merely a small section ala tunc.
Our six branches maintain adequate stocks within the rcac h of every dealer in Canada, and arc now serving more than 5,000 dealers, ehabling them to fill orders quickly and to cut down the amount of iale stock on their shelves,
Wc are making every effort to use this power t& help solve the b'g problem of providing enough good quality shoes to go around. In the face of an actual scarcity ci leather, it is difficult; but it can be done ii you will co-operate with us. 'Buy wise y, for service rather than mere./ for style, and see that the shoes you buy are stamped with the manu-
Lymphatic
478
THIS WATCH FREE
4
TO ANY BOY
nc-
o

i

the larger blood
intervals in the lymphatic meihwork
are glands from .08 to 3 Inches in	_
their long diameter, somewhat bean	Mother—Weotd you kindly tall me
shaped, through which the lymph if anything can I stream flow». The fluid which ooses boy of stuttering, which seems to be from the capillaries In the skin and troubling him more and morel elsewhere into the spaces between the Answer—The dnfy thing 1 can iug tissues thus bathes their cells with gest is that you send a stamped selfliquid food. These spaces also con- addressed envelope and the article on tain fluid material from worn out and stuttering and stammering will be disintegrated cells and this is soaked mailed to yeti.	_ ,
up by the lympetitles finally entering K. B. H<—1 .àrge veins on either aide of the where it Is carried to the heart
,	—	with the bipod
twe Miroad ynr* watAb i; an ùsp phatics of the intestine# contain not
S?*£<£r£.t .d, the	of ordinary lymph
ni<M out. Kmu1« •*•'•<» swd m tut alao about three times M nm<*
fzsznsuinrjst
s&tsvwratmusrjs
HOMER-WARREN CO. dosely related to the W.	by crushing
I suppose the fluid st misters, un-| 8—I weefld
f
be dene to cure my
1
f,

o
3
facturer'» trade-mark.

AMES HOLDEN McCREADY
the
UNITS?
neck
"Shoemakers to the Nation”
¦ -rr.fgt
throat troubles treatment f
ed
The tym-
x
bronchitis « * other he benefit*ed by this
WÎNN1PKG I^MOMOS VAMXMJVtil
é
MONTH l A/. TORONTO
Ar»iwe\ i-4f you refer to using

—thi* Trod*-marl, on every oat*
When:
bay Shoes lock for
IS
%
i
not advise you to us# it

/

v
###PAGE###7###

î À Duet-Stained, Fear lew King.
Albert, King of Belgium, is the hero of the hour;
1 He's the greatest King in Europe,
He's a roysl arch and tower;
He is bigger in the trenches than the Kaiser on his throne,
And the whole world loves him for the sorrows he has known.
Defiance was his answer to the Teutons at his gate;
Then he buckled on his armor and pledged his soul to fate.
Hv stood between hie people and the biggest Essen gun,
For he feared not shot nor shrapnel as his little army wort.
fs
EATS
DIPT,
The Weekly Fashions
Jftontttotl SteUg Slat.
NADf IN
CANADA
WHAT SOLDIERS WANT,
A Suggestion 16 1W@ ÿho»'#ro sending gift* to soWis overseas comes froip U.-Col. (Canon) Frederick George Scott* Senior Chsplain of the First Division, e In a cable received by friends la Montreal. He says vTha men want playing cards and chewing tobacco, *•
;


fo
#
fC
hit
I
I
*
. i
IMM


n
GILLETTS
• LYE :
m.

Bt
F3
A
I
I
Pt«l
A
King of Belgium, Duke of Brabant,
Count of Flanders all in one;
Little Kingdom of the Belgtfe started with honor in the sun,
You have won a place in history, of I” the midst of the Arctic swamps your deeds the world will sing, j are often found curious formations ! Bat ihv glory of your nation is your which travelers in these inhospitable
regions call “ice mushrooms.*
When the summer sun banishes for a brief while the frozen cruet of the Remit by Dominion Kxpren* Money landscape, squat pillars of ice (some-Order. If lost or stolen yotvfret your times as much as ten feet high) remoney back.	' main here and there, covered with
moss that has actually grown on top of them and by which they are kept from melting. It is nature's own idea of an icehouse.
JW
Wâ
f
Arctic Curio.
Z
T
i
Si
à
¥
\
t *
*ôv*Æ-/cuUngs>lÿ-
duet-stained, fearless King.
MONEY ORDERS.
© MrC 4L*.
force commission include an award	^Jlemory.
for the degree of proficiency ho shows I know a lono spot on the Arras road Rt play.	Where I shall hardly bear to walk
Testing the Gun*.	again
the nchool of aeronautic., the For fear of waking those great *>ul.
I loved
^Who struggled to a death of piteous pain.
BRITISH AIRMEN WELL SCHOOLED
A child is prey to many fears which have little to do with physical cow. Wrdice. The sensitive child is poti-Tlie round yoke of this design holds lively afraid of many things without the fulness of the Lack and front Realizing he is afraid. What he needs Deveiooed in plaid material it is suit-	be given a greater confidence
able for school. McCall Pattern No. in life nn*1 in hhnself.
8648, Girl's Coat. In 7 sizes, 2 to 14 years. Price, 20 cents.
From
cadet passes to the school of armament, and for a time has the "tock-tock-tock” of machine guns continually in his ears. If he is not familiar with the Vickers and Lewis guns as he is with a knife and fork at the end
_	_	_	.	.	of his lessons, it is not the fault of
Royal	Squadron	Are	^ instructors. In the beginning the
Intensively Trained fromlhe fact is impressed upon him that an ,	_	.	-,	airplane is merely a means of taking
Grama Up.	guns Into the/air, and that if a pilot
jzresxtstas r.yMesar; „th
Wing his arms with the stiffness ap- Trouble in such a case means death. Qf Those torn roads where swaying proved by his instructors, to salute Diagrams, cinema demonstrations,	poplars sigh
fn the only possible way considered sectional models and guns, complete dream of how God could give no “correct”	by	a	flying	ofheer, tp	stop	and in part, arc brought into use to	greater	bliss
the	other	fellow from hitting	him j make instruction easy. For one in- Than	the hushed' peace beneath the
when he has the gloves on; when, in genious lecture the pupil take s a sea	**d French sky.
fact, he has learned discipline, and j in » cinema hall, and his position in ¦ body has been hardened by physi/ relation to the pictures which pass cal training and games, he leaves the over the screen is that of the pilot of camp by the/ea and gbes—to school. th$ photographed airplane. Hem is He is eager to fly, but much must be shown how to aim his gun. He sees taught him before he can leaVe the the approach^ of an enemy machine grou n<!	and the burst of fire which, according
So It I, that the boy, by now very ; to ita accuracy, sends the Hun eraah-much a soldier, goes to the lecture ** to the ground or misses him. The room, and for a period "swots" as lewon Is elementary in its simplicity hard as military necessity and his j but wonderfully effective, own keenness dictate. He does not While at the school the cadet pass-study languages or history or maths-	through a gun-testing section.
ma1.ici, but engines and aerial navi- Every machine gun to be used for air gation, signalling and wireless tele- fighting is examined minutely and graphy, aeroplane rigging and map severely tried before it is sent overreading. His professors and lectur- seas. Hours are devoted to the scrutera, like himself, are in khaki, Highly my of each weapon. Guns as they capable N.C.O.’e teach him the why come from the makers are quite good and the wherefore of cranks and rods enough for ground use, but for use and cylinders; he pulls engines to in the air they must be tuned up so pieces and sets them up again.	that the risk of *ailure 18 reduced to
J* Fr" jïâr «asat
manoeuvring a quarter-,iaed airplane r	te the Gaining squadron
In front of him. and see. the effect on	he to ,earn hu flying. Hi,
the machine of different movements of the control. By ingenious devices he learns the art of observation from the air and how to report what his
nari'e 1.1 miment Cures Co 14s

MUST STUDY GUNNERY A?JD WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
E & A L
G
K N
BLACKSMITH. KEID
Ah! I should hear their laughter on the way,
And round my heart their boyish sighs would creep;
Till I must long to leave the rushing - world
And steal away to join them in their sleep.
For only they who trend the tortured
Bros.. Both wall. Ont
VET ANTED: —AT ONCE. BY PRO-Jr v greeelve Concern in the Niagara Peninsula, the Harden Spot of Canada. Hollwrmakere, Helpers and Handy Men. Steady employment. Engineering and Machine Works of Canada Limited, 8L ¦ Catharines. Ont
“Thy yesterday is thy Past; thy to-day is thy Future ; thy to-morrow is a Secret.”—Talmud.
A bee, unladen, will fly 40 miles an hour, but one coming home laden with honey does not travel faster than 12 miles an hour.
%
in
Aspirants I

wi
rom sale
<
117 ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER v w end Joh printing plant in Easter# Ontario. Insurance carried 11 600 Will ro for 11.100 on quick sale Bo* It. Wilson Publishing Co. Ltd. Toronto.
1£EKLY NEW8PAPE11 FOR SALE In New Ontario. Owner going to Franco Will sell IS 000. Worth double that amount Apply J H. c'o Wlleo# Publishing Co. Limited. Toronto.

1
>

F
w
A Kidney Remedy
a
1
(i 6!
Kidney trouble* are frequently caused by badly digested food which overtake» these organs to eliminate the irritant acids formed. Help your stomach to properly digest Use food by taking 15;to 30 drops of Extract of Roots, sold as Mother Sclgel's Curative Syrup, and your kidney disorder will promptly dis-
\
1

8T0
DOW# FO* BAM
;
I know a lone spot on the Arras road That murmurs with the moan'* of Memory's pain.
And I should grieve my heart with stifled sobs
If I could bear to walk that road
again.
4,
his
/IST OUR PRICE LIST SHOWING xJT cost of windows glased complete, eny else. Hal I Ida y Company. Box IMS. Hamilton
/
1
i
i
cue
C
anger tumors, lumps, eto.
internal and external, cured with-
treatment Write
1
eut pain by our borne i si before too late Dr.
. Limited. Colli n g wood. Ont
Lieut. A. N. Choyce.
7
Ce
GIRLS! LEMON JUICE
IS SKIN WHITENER
. I

KEEP YOUR STOVE BRIGHT «<
Black Knicht
STOVE POLISH

ABSORBING
T 0 A DIT MARK MC.U.S.RAT.ÔIF

f

How to make a creamy beauty lotion x - for a few cents.
.1

-2JS	$®T-	1} EË™EB
ounces of orchard white makes a	(K	peln from a Splint. Side Bone or
whole quarter pint of the most re*	w	1J	Bone Spavin. No blister, no hair
markable lemon ekln beautifler at	New wMter	modeI of	velvet trim.l	fl	goneanJhorwtanbeu^d. *2.50.
s	a .s e ASSESsmE
Care should be taken to strain the 8653, Ladies’Coat. In 3 sizes; small, ABSORBINE, JR.. «heintbepiic liniment lo. lemon Juice through a fine cloth no no 34 to 36. medium 38	40. ]arge> 42 mankind, reduce» Strained, Torn Llga-
’STJTJS : 5f,55
~ k“" “	" "" ;;= M, trvSB £\ —««g SUFFEREDTWQYEARS
,>» w	DON'T NEGLECT A | IithpimpiFC
RHEUMATIC PAIN	^


Will
1
P
s
not
burn
ii*

mind is packed with the theory, but
before him lies adventure.	to bleach and remove such blemishes
The pupil is taken up by an in- as freckles, sallowness and tan and Is
mm ms SSm
this recollection the officer with whom <jally into the face, neck, arms and I talked added another: “When the han(i8. instructors had learned their flying,” he said, “it was considered an insult if a pilot who had once gone solo was told that he was to be given more dual. This simply meant that men went up and got into bad habits and a sloppy way of flying.”
Marvelous Gunnery.
Before a pilot goes solo at all now he is taught to loop and spin aad halfroll, and to land in any field which the instructor directs him to get into.
Even so, his progress is still closely watched after he is given single control, and at intervals the instructor goes up with the pupil to correct any fault he may have developed. The number of -machines crashed at one time was enormous; to-day the crashes, by comparison, are insignificant, and an accident on the occasion of a first solo flight is almost unknown.	x
When the instructors arc satisfied that a pupil can fly a service machine properly, the boy—-he has still to graduate for his wings, bpt if he is of the right stuff he is by now only a boy in years, and his fresh, virile manhood is an inspiring thing to see ( —is transferred from the elementary
No sweeten I ntf f Side of the depot to what is known as
mm**m**lm^J	m	I	f the “*P*cial flight” side and is taught
required.	*	j	aerial fighting and the use of his gun
U	.	I	in the air. Some of the Instructors
MO COOKing. • J under whom he is trained are mar-
Needs but little I	»«.*»»
mille OH	l	from the air, firing bursts into a tiny
m,,K Ur	§	pond as he dropped, und there was an
Fine with evdpo- I 4upward leap of gfietenîrÏ. water (or
rated milk. : 1
Keeps indefinitely
Not a particle of waste.	:
A Vvonderfully ' attractive flavor
There's o Reason"
Grape-Nuts.
Ml sard*# Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
Had No Respect.
Child Could Not Sleep Till Cuticura Healed.
One artillery unit worked hard during the afternoon of the second day of the attack to get its pieces into position. It had moved up for the second time, and had not fired a shot. It was four o'clock when the lieutenant in command gave orders for every one to stand by. The gunners were to fire their first volley into the German Dear love, the words I could not speak ryineg. Everyone stood waiting for the And all you are to me;	; Anal word when the telephone rang
I ! and word came that the infantry had The thousand dreams I could not j advanced so far that it would be necessary to move up again before going into action. “Oh, hell!” said a gun-Are Life to me, dear love, since | ner. “those infantry guys ain't got no
respect for us at all I”
Go after it with Sloan’s Liniment before it gets dangerous
es and instruments. All that is shown him he must absorb and remember, so that,-at the end of the course, he can pass the test of a strict examination.
It is hard work. He cannot “cut” lectures. He-must not slack. When he leaves the school a little more of boyhood has gone; the man is emerging. But he has kept fit. Every day after work he goes from the desk to the playing fields. Games count for so much that at each stage of his training, the marks which are to determine his suitability for an air
"My Ur/e brother suffered for about two years from tiny red pimp lee. gw They appeared constantly on *ia body but he had the
%
L’Envoi.
The thousand things I could not say Before I crossed the sea, 1
Apply a little, don t rub, let it penetrate, and—good-by twinge ! Same for external aches, pains, strains, stiffness of joints or muscles, lameness, bruises.
Instant relief without mussincss or soiled clothing. Reliable—the biggest selling liniment year after year. Economical by reason of enormous sales. Keep a big bottle ready at all times. Made in Canada. Ask your druggist for Sloan’s Liniment.

red
ears. The akin

a howl of pain. After a Sew seconda he would have to scratch, and he was not able to sleep.
"A friend advised me to send for
dream
When Life for gold did dance,
Cuticura Soap and Ointment. I no-
Çuticura Soap and four bo ment when he was healed." (Signed)
of Oint-
Death
Became a dream, in France.
Louie Frank, 746 City Hall Ave., Montreal, Que., February 2, 191& Keep your skin clear by uaing CutU cura ooap and Ointment for every*
» • •

The thousand things I cannot write, !
The things that I would do,	» Land of the **7, v v
Shall all be yours, dear love, when There is a country into which theie God	: is to-day a yearly immigration with
Shall send me home, to you.	j which no other country m any age
has had anything to year 35,000,000 rf ports and crowd its territory as comers and colonists.
Every month 3,000,000 are numbered as fresh arrivals. Every twenty-four hours there are 100,000.
And this has been going on and will continue century after century. For the country in question is the Land of the Beyond, that is on the other side of the grave.
British Columbia canned herring is meeting with a growing-demand. It Is estimated that 250,000 cases will bf packed this year, an increase of 160 per cent over 1917.
«
A Combination
%
For Free Sample Each by Mail address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A# Boston, V. 8. A." Sold-------------
of
30a, 60a, $1.20.
compare. Every people enter its ¦¦¦new-
Good Qualities
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
Gentlemen,—In July, 1905, I was thrown from a road machine, injuring my hip and back badly and was obliged to use a crutch for 14 months. In Sept., 1906, Mr. Wm. Outridge of La-chute urged me to try MINARD’S LINIMENT, which I did, with the most satisfactory results and to-day I am as well as ever In my life.
Yours sincerely,
IS
invites your attention to
K
PAIN EXTERMINATOR
CrapeKirts
W Pain ? Hirst's will stop it !
Used tor 40rears to raHeve rheumatism, lambs go, neuralgia, er rains, lame beck, toothache, earache, swollen joints, sore throat and other puin-^ ful complaints. Have a bottle in the bouse. All dealers or write
HIRST REMEDY COMPANY Hamilton, Canada
/
hie
MATTHEW x BAINES.
mark z „
What He’d Do.
An army examiner had before him a very dull candidate for a commission; The man proving, aparently, unable to make response to the most simple questions, the examiner final-, _ ly grtw impatient and"quite sarcastic- j IF ally put this question:	\|
“Let it be supposed you arc a cap-lain in command of infantry. In your rear is an impassable abyss. On both sides of you there rise perpendicular rocks of tremendous height. In front of you lies the enemy, outnumbering you ten to one. What, sir, in such an enormous emergency would you do7“
“I think, sir,” said the aspirant for military distinction, “I would resign." jgj
\
Hotel Del Coronado


LIQUIDS
srx/ I
PA51ES
. 44*, ilU
un-
used. Onejeould
agine the havic such firing might create among marching infantry. /
Coronado Beach, California
Near San Diego
POLO, MOTORING, TENNIS,
BAY AND SURF BATHING,
FISHING AND BOATING
/ «
KCrp YOUR SHOES NEAT
Venezuela means “Little Venice." Early explorers so named the South American country because of its Indian dwellings on small islands and piles driven Into the water.
Butchers in Birmingham, England, have Li dertaken to buy bones back after the he use wife has made full ass of them, paying the customer half .of proceeds of their disposal. They are usé® for the extraction of glycer-e and for the manufacture of phosphate for fertiliser and a valuable piç and poultry food.
1
IN
2
(
18- Hole Golf Course
Hotel is equipped throughout with Automatic Sprinkler System.
SHOE POLISHES
.wnntm iwm mwww OR OX-MOO# SHOES
PRESERVE tU LEATHER
•UCK
AMERICAN PLAN
%
Every time you fill the tank of your auto or tractor by lamp or other light, you are inviting an ex
Manager
JOHN J. HERMAN,
UdlASA
Ceneda food Beerd License * -
open Hi filotkQ#
ISSUE AA—'IK I
Kfi L


###PAGE###8###


I
BRISTOL ELEVATOR we re
«
The ShawTille Bool and Shoe Store
Ready For You

We have just put in a full supply of
Feed and Flour
And will continue to do business
in this line all the time.
Remember when you want
Bran, Shorts, Purity or Five Boses Flour
Come to the Bristol Elevator
where you can sell your grain and buy your feed and flour at the same time.
Another Bargain for this week :
Liverpool Coarse Salt, 140 lb. bag at $1 90 per bag Rolled Oats, 20 lb. bag	“ 1.50 “ “


Victory Bonds Smiley’s Shoes
In everything- that you could desire in a new and up-to-date stock of Jewelry, Watches, Clocks, Silverware, Diamonds.
- Sep our selection of—
Solitaire, Twin and Three-Stone Rings
Buy Them
f
Victory Bonds first and then Shoes are about the next necessity.
Fair treatment and Goods that give satisfaction is our policy.
And about prices—Well, they are always right. •
Also n nice line of—
Ivory and Ebony Goods,

Make this the place to do your Christmas shopping and surprise your family with ji nice Victrola.
The Gift Store
BERT WAINMAN
Shawville.'Q.
Jeweler
Agent for Victrolas and Records
Export Repairing in all branches.
S. COHEN, BRISTOL, Q.
£7'- A .-mail «leiM».-it will hold any article until Christum*.
Canada Food Board License No. H i>42.
No. 12-71.
il
il
4 i
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
4 4
kÎ assortment of kodak.s vdfl, New Year's cards, birthday -Make some snaps of home to send to the boys overseas. Finishing for amateurs a speciality.
I ha
albums Christ mas Cards, announcemc cards etc. life
Notice,
To Farmers
CREAM
WANTED
< M
The Renfrew Truck Scale
H. 1m isoN
The Bristol Branch of the Arnprior Creamery
at RmsTOL Corners
Is now open for business.
The Veuillette Murder Case
The draft of the judgment rendered in the Court of Appeal in the ease of the King vs. Aurele Veuillette granting the latter a reserved ease on his condemnation for double murder in Pontiac County was added to the record in the office of the clerk of the Court ot Appeal yesterday. The judgment was drawn up by Chief Justice La mot lie, Justices Cross, Cur-mil, Pelletier and Mart ill OôncuiT-
Farmers should note that it is against the Law to use wheat for feeding purposes. Any supplies over actual requirements for seed and bread must be sold.
The price named by the Board of Grain Supervisors for Canada for wheat grown in the Province
of Quebec is $225 for No. 2 Wheat, F. O. B. cars,
Montreal.
We are prepared to buy your wheat of that grade at this price less the freight to Montreal
If vou have not got a carload, ship in bags which we will return to you.
" Consign your wheat to :
THE OGILVIE FLOUR MILLS C0„ LTD.,
ROYAL MILLS, MONTREAL
and send up the bill of lading with your full address so that we may mail you a cheque for the value of your wheat
¦jyS/



Highest Cash Price paid for Cream.
Cans furnished on request.
For further information write or call at the office.
THE ARNPRIOR CREAMERY
BRISTOL, QUE,
A Reliable Scale for every Farmer.
I also handle

ing
Renfrew Cream Separators,
Renfrew Gas and Kerosene Engines,
Renfrew Happy Farmer Tractors.
Grain Grinders, Fanning Mills,
Drug Saws, Pole Saws, Belting, Shafting, Hangers, Bearings, Pulleys,
Pump Jacks,
Having heard counsel representing the Attorney-General, who intimated that they did not object, tlie judgment states, “the court doth now reserve for the opinion and decision of this court the question* following :
“First :	Having regard to the
facts that the accused elected to be tried by a jury composed one
lm|f of persons skilled in the |	Dealing With the Oceult
French language, was there error An astonishing number of books on of law on the part of the presiding occult subjects are being published in judge, occasioning substantial these days, especially on lines relating wrong or miscarriage, in not liar- to the future life, the theme taking ing summed up the case to the jury j on a new interest because of the war in the French language in addition and its losses. One writer, Prof. W. J. to the summing up made in the Crawford of Belfast, is dealing with English language
“Second :	Wi	.
law on the part of the presiding judge in directing the jury that
! es. “ z
eESESSi ssiii wh,t « ¦"»
to be influenced by considerations	w*re MPP1*>R« her weight 1
wiiich ought not to have been sub *ened» the amount lost varying with mitted to them, such as statements the intensity of the sounds. What to the effect that it had been pub these phenomena Indicate to hie mind lidv said that jurymen in Pontiac j or what he expects to prove by them had not the courage to bring in a j does not appear, verdict of ‘guilty* in trials foi murder, and statements of a nature to make it appear*Jto the jury that certain things ’had been proved which in fact were not proved and were contrary,.to^what had been proved ?
“Fourth : Was there error of law in that the presiding judge commented upon the failure of the prisoner to testify to the effect that he had not actually committed the murders mentioned in the indictment ?
“The court doth* direct that a case be stated by the judge who presided at the trial upon the que*
! »ss?r
grant to Aurele Veuillette leave to 'PR «ticks have come under govern-appeal to this court against] the mental control In England, and prevert! ict aild sentence.”	| eumably a prospective purchaser will
The motion upon which this »oon bave Present a license to carry judgment was rendered was pre-1,uch «° ornament.—Nation's Business, sented by A. J. McDonald of Cani|> bells Day. with W. K. McKeown,
K. C., of Montreal as Counsel.
J.	E. Gabonry with Mr. J. C Walsh, pended In the construction of a large
K.	0., repiesented the Attorney-1 tuna cannery on the Island of Maul,
General. — Montreal Gazette.

• •
Card of Thanks

Mrs. Marshall Chamberlain and father desire to thank their many friends for the kind sympathy shown and assistance rendered to them in their recent sore bereavement

Seeley Pumps,

Auto Tire*.
Harness,
The Ogilvie Flour Mills Co., Ltd.
MONTREAL
When ordering, specify Ogilvie’s Government Standard Flour,
and Ogilvie’s Rolled Oats. •
SHAWVILLE
H. E.
Opposite Misses Wilsons Confectionery.
so-called spirit manifestations in a new way. For one thing, he has tried seating the medium on a weighing machine while the manifestations
there error of
85
as
P. S. —Two second-hand Separators, Four good Horses.
are
Are
Deep, Dark Design That Was Behind Man’e Encouragement of HI# Companion's Singing.
Just two young bulls left, but they are real good ones. Both nice dark roans—big and well shaped, and out of extra good cows. If you are needing a bull for next season you should see these animals at once.
Can also spare a few good young females. ELLARD L. HODGINS,
Portage du Fort.
You
Two men were seated at a table tn a saloon, one of them annoying the other customers by his maudlin attempts to sing something that had a strong German air, although the words were apparently English. The proprietor approached.
“Cut out that singing In here,” he remonstrated. “This ain’t no ama-
Cold?
Balzac Would Have Starved. Some of the geniuses of earlier generations would have a hard time of It with civilian rations In Europe. Many of them are still remembered for their appetites. Thackeray and Dickens were both masterful at the tab!* Baisse was equal to making a dinner of eight dozen oysters, twelve cutlets, a duck, a pair of partridges, and all the customary “trimmings.” Herbert Spencer once went upon a vegetable diet, and declared that after he returned to meat he had to rewrite every' ! thing he did In the Interval to get viril-

Why take chances on catching
the “ Flu " through neglecting to keep warm when one doctor bill will more than cover the cost of one of our HEAVY TWEED UL* STERS, or DOG SKIN FUR COAT ?
We are now showing a beautiful
range of Tweed Ulsters, Black Dog Coats, Black Goat, Calfskin, Persian Lamb trimmed and long Corduroy Sheep lined Coats at prices away below catalogue houses.
Call in and look Them over.
teur night for cabarets.”
The singer subsided and took an-
Ne Alimony From Soldiers.
The supreme court of New York other drink, but his companion urged state has no power to enforce an or-him to continue, expressing great ad- der for alimony against a soldier la
the United States army, declared Jus-“What do you mind the likes of tlce Aspinall In the supreme court In him for?" he asked. "Sure, It's a fine Brooklyn In the case of Mrs. Florence song. Go ahead with it."	Merrlman against Rapley P. Merrlman,
The resumption of the disjointed a private. It ia the first decision of notes brought the proprietor to the its kind here. Justice Aspinall gave table again.	the opinion In acting upon the request
"See here, you," he began, with a of Mrs. Merrlman’s attorney, who d+ rap of fils knuckles on the table, “cut manded Merrlman be forced to pey that singing right now, or I'll have you $40 on the first business day of each thrown out.”	month. “It la obvious that the defend»
Standing not far off to be sure that mt could not comply with a direction the ‘selection was not continued the that he pay $40 on the first business proprietor overheard the second man Jay of each month,” said the Justice, urging the singer to go ahead and after when $40 la more than the rate ef another drink the song was resumed, pay of his grade, and the time of pay Stepping up to the table with fire in ment of a soldier la necessarily very hie eye the borne addressed himself to rregular.'	* '	j
the second man.
“Why do you keep asking him to sing?” he demanded. “If you are so stuck on his singing take him somewhere else and listen to it all you like.”
“Singing I” retorted the other. “1 don’t care about his singing. I want to Bet him thrown out”
miration for the air.
Big Tuna Cannery.
Half a million dollars Is to be ex-
Mr
In the Hawaiian group, states The Conner. The waters around the 1s-
Ne Respite.
“Hooray!” shouted the boy in the >rown sweater. “Our teacher is going o France and be a Red Cross nurse.”
"What g 1 is that to uef* objected he boy In the scout suit. “They’ll inly get some other teacher to take ier place.”
lands swarm with fish of every description, among which the tuna Is predominant and attains an enormous size. The operation of this plant will be a valuable addition to the food supply of the United States and may lead to the establishment of an important fishing Industry In the Island territory.
FOR SALE
1 Ileg'd Shorthorn Hull QaL* 1st prize calf this year's Fair.
1 Keg <i Oxford R
thus. McDowell.
Shawville.
A. DOVER.

0008
