###PAGE###1###
1


4
O
No. 45, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, (jUE., THURSDAY
MAY 2, 1918.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.


-'*? *---------- ^


«%
I THE HARDWARE STORE'
ESTABLISHED 1H74.
A Bank Account For Your Wife
More and more, are the wives of today running their homes on a business basi systematically and efficiently.
Many wives have a monthly allowance for household expenses.
This, they deposit in a Savings Account in The Merchants Bank—settle bills by cheque
—and thus have an accurate record of bills paid.
Such a business-like method also gives a woman the feeling of happy independence in having a bank account of her own.
If!
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
PRODUCE
4,750,000
PRODUCE
t
A
06
4
oi Branche» In Canada.
m -1
j Let the Hoe and Rake help the Sword.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Black hum,
Sii George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
.Hon Gecrge Got don.
General Manager :
D. M. Fin nie.
W. Duthie •	*
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclaren M. J. O'Brien, lion. Sir George H Perle?
K. C. Whitney
A sat. General Manager ;
M. V.Cann.
• Chief Inaptctor.
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letter* of Credit issued.
Get ready for the Spring ijush
2
We can furnish the Tools.
Don,t neglect your Poultry and Calves, have a large stock of Poultry Supplies, including Baby Chick Food.
Calf Meal is scarce and coming very slowly. We are fortunate in having secured a stock of Royal Purple, $3.00, 50 lb. bag.
TH€ MCRCHANTS BANK
Head Office : Montreal. OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
QUYON BRANCH,
we
Established 1864.
W. P, DRUM, Manager. • A A. REID, Manager.
Interest added half yearly to Savings Balances.
(
The annual Stallion Show will Mkmoriai. Cabuh.-A new «lock l)e held rtt the exhibition ground* 0f very nent ones at this office-on Friday afternoon of this week, several designs
Most things can be anybody* gift—I to.the boys at the front. Amateur SCHOOL
your portrait is distinctively,exclusively ^nlMhing a specialty.	..... —	,
yours. Make an apjsuntmeiit to-day. I	H. Imison,	I	ULLclWZi, UU u.
H. Imison,	I	Doaîer in Kodaks and Supplies
Artist in Portrait me.
A BIG DRIVE
Fob Stenographers. For the past year the Civil Service CommisMon ha* been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On I eb. ltt every Branch of the Service was placed under the Coin m Is* I on which means that the de niands are now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
" Who Sows Well Reaps Well.”
k
Our instruction 1m individual, and the school is open duiing the entire year ; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not a cent more.
ore than JOO students from other local colleges have in the past joined our classes. Names and addresses are available.
Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-hanl. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spelling. English. Correspondence, etc.
Send for circular.
Donation to Tobacco Fund.
Notice—The Presbyterian Service at the Masonic Hall will mencing SundnyflflHM|| hereafter at 7.90 p. in.—new time.
Several new McLaughlin cars went into commission in town last week, and it is said others arc to follow.
also made their appearance.

COWLING
—ai®
,	,0,tn:| We acknowledge with thanks the P\vf
next, be Add following donation to the Soldier»'1 M instead of 8 00 Overseas Tobacco Fund :—
9 Wm« McCleary, Ladysmith $1.00.
OTTAWA,ONT.
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and he ready for the Fall Round school fa open all summer.
W. A. HODGINS
For Halifax Blind.
Up. Our
The following donations have been received towards the above fund to date :	¦¦¦
The Austin H. M. Club will meet! Previously acknowledged, at the Templars* Hall, on May 7t h
Subjects :-Mvs. Mac- Chan. Workman, ClmrtwK
Some new Fouls have
I). E. HENRY, Piiksident. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
W E. Gownxu, II. G. W, Bha i hi wait.
President,
Principal
SHAWVILLE
leviouHjy a ex now i edge and forwarded to Halif
ax $18.00
Your family, friends and business as* 1.00 sociales want your portrait. A nice I rang. -,t folders t<. . boose from.
H I MISON,
Artist in Portraiture.
EXPERIENCE
ni
fat lanes address ; Music by Mrs. C. J. Carson. Roll Call -Home preparation for the hair.
»
vs.
FEETWEAR
PERSONAL MENTION
EXPERIMENT.

Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade 01 profession.
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dcntl*U«.
The secret of success of the Graduates cl WillM?ol!ege Is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant. we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our Increase was 45%. This year to date is even better. Still Employ
AtSbawrville, on April 22nd, to| wuluoSd»te®,Ceed the Number of
Mr. and Mrs. U arme Richardson, a daughter.

Men’s Spring Work Boots
$450
Monday evening, May 6th, at 8 o’clock.
Births
Black Grain Tan
At Hairy Hill. Alberta, on April
RkmainR- OPKX-Woolsey * bar-1 Hnlif^o^Monday!’’ "h° ’eft f"f ber shop m town, will remain open,	_ ...	.
it having been leased for a time by ,	*,eo* ./* • Eades, who some
Mr Trueman Tuck, who has con- time ago enlisted in the R. F. C., aidera ble experience in the bnsi- , v.eM.°.n Tuesday tor Montreal, to new and is well-known to the begin his training.
people of this section.	Franklin McDowell, of H. M.
M® He*»
a
4.50
» #
The best values obtainable
N. I. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa. Ont.
Willis College
139£ Sparks Street, entrance between Ketchum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Lost—Sunday evening between St. Paul’s church and J. H Shaw’s residence a gold cuff link inscribed with letter “ E.” Finder will oblige by leav-idg at this office.
Boys’ Tan Grain Boots
For hard wear
$3.00
[
Brown Optical
Marriages

COMPANY. LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Fades -Hodgins.
LADIES
\ Low Priced Kid Boot for Women
Strong and Stout
Our Laced and Buttoned Dongolas
are good and price is only $3.00
On Monday, April 22nd, at 4 p. in,
Anderson received Iin the Methixlist Parsonage, Aylmer, Que., by Rev. Mr. Lough, Lucinda C. (Lulu) Hodgins to Geo. W. Fades.
for several years past ; in fact
there were several applications Mr. B. G.	JHH
more than was needed to take all word last week that his sister, the schools.	Mrs. J. Wilson, of Renfrew was
.	.	. . . .	_	__ dangerously ill. Mr. and Mrs.
A note dated April 22 from Mr. Anderson immediately left for Naac McLellan, of Foxwarren, Renfrew and remained till Mon-
arasaMUJ
ment of the Quebec Government Willie had exemption on the
was here last week looking over ground of his being an agricultural	Brown LEE-Findlay
SkSSEsSPB SisSBSEE	1L. , ,
EBEHE5- rS?wS	"ST"
sa hbséf" sma ai a
tion with the long name, which I Another of our boys, who has *ee» brother of groom, has come into existence this Spring, been helping to hold the line in	-
with headquarters here in Shaw-1 France against the enemy, return-	COLE—Havlin.	! STRAY COLLI E-Strayed on to Lot
ville-the “Pontiac Wool Growers’ ©d home Monday evening last—Pte A very pretty wedding took 15. Con. 4. Clarendon, on April 25th. a and Sheep Breeders' Co-operative Audrey hades, eldest son of Mr. uluce in Litchfield on Wednesday P°,,ie I*>g. Owner may have the animal
asm	fa bJSSS Sfi«srte!’" %
aident and Mr. C. H. Hodge is See- of the Canadian Army Service I youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Trees. We have been waiting till Corps, and was on active service Robert Havlin of 290 Catherine St, K2 Business notices on this
John R. came around to tell us ; for several months, when he got Ottaw a, became the bride of pasre 8 cents per line.__
something about the concern-its wounded in the head and light Harold Forest Cole, eldest son of =
aims mid aspirations, but appar- shoulder by shell splinters and Mr and Mrs. Henry Cole of Litch-	Tnvr<a „AXir,^v
ently John is too busy, and so we was rendered unconscious by the field. The ceremony was perform-	Uones—HAMILTON._
must only wait bis pleasure, -mock, which experience retired ed by Rev. Gedye, rector of Camp- A quiet wedding was solemnised
Meanwhile it may be said the As- to England as a casualty, bells Bay.	at the Hoiioew Movement parson
sociation has acqui red the elevator Audry was driving a Ion y carry- The bride looked charming in a age, March 20, by the Rev. H. H. at the C. P. R. station, and have in [W big shells to the guns behind I gown of blue silk trimmed with Childerhouse, when Silas E. Jones view not only the handling of all the lines when a shell from a Hun i white satin and a picture hat to was united in marriage to Miss Ida the wool and lambs produced in long-ranger knocked him out. match. The groom's gift to the L. Hamilton. Clarence Jones, bro-
this section, but also other pro-	2— ?  	I bride was a necklace and pendant ; ther of the groom, and Miss Elsie
duct* of the farm, while on the	she also was the recipient of many Hamilton, cousin of the bride, sup-
other hand the prospect is the Mr. Cy. Hodgins, manager for other beautiful gifts, including ported the couple in the ceremony, asstxuation w ill act as purchasing the Shaw ville Motor Co. sold a several cheques. A delightful tea Both young people are respected agent for its members ofk nuuser• “McLiuglilin-Six * to Mr. H. Bolam was served at the groom’s home at residents of the McCord (Sask.) ons commodities which the far- of Campbells Bay on Saturday ,3.30 o'clock.	district, and have a large circle of
mers need, the object being, no evening, making the fourth Me All join in wishing Mr. and Mrs. friends, who join in wishing them don ht, _ to eliminate the middle- I^anghlin sale since the season Cole a happy and prosperous much happiness and a prosperous man h profits as far as possible. opened.	*	I fut are.-Com.	I future.-Com.

$2.75
Hodgins—Elliott
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4382
MONTREAL, QQE.
Near Stanley St


We have a few SNAPS
FOR SALE—My property in the village of Bristol Corners. For particulars apply to Mrs. M. H. Murray. Slmwville.
in odd lines, 3 and 3£, in good qualities, at a little better than
LOST—April 1st, between Shawville | and Maple Ridge, one man’s pullover
Finder please return to The
HALF PRICE.
Equity Office.
See our Styles and Qualities in
White Boots Hunning Shoes
QtCM 6t/Cf
* r*

* à
. »




• /

W. A. HODGINS



















###PAGE###2###
9
whole milk, and butter. These menasf ere planned for the child five to seven years old:
TCHENER'S MOB
mmi
ns
SE


BREAKFAST Baked Apple
Well-cooked Cereal with two or thred Dates, served with Top Milk Milk to drink
MIDMORNINO LUNCH
Bread Butter Milk
DINNER
M
f
Vi
l

1
Ilft V
Toast and Butter

gyjas. Norman Hall».
(Copyright)
i
?
El
#*
War and food series, article no. i«—butter
mwMmm w m mmæi::::
into the fury of a gale. We saw said. "W en e fell e pulled me oxer	iQ	0n tho other han<1» Britain’s n*™*! Swiss ribbon manufacturer, who is
them only for an instant as they on toP 01 im ,	1 ad t,° £ut nie 00t	Imports of butter amount to 462,796,- 8n|j to be able to discern twenty-
jumped to their feet outside the against im an pull, an then - nm	iA/^WW JL Wftlf	264 pound* and her shortage due to seven hundred different colors. Blend-
ESEtÆ’&Æ 2Hri? >t srss? , ^ M Ht» yzx 5^Mct2i	- --
EHEH?rScfsEmT.hVLj'b,	2r
about to reach a place of safety. lie lines of German trenches had been ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I and if tho output were increased a pink, blue, yellow, green, red, laven- h&lf teaspoonful soda, two cupful* lay on the parapet with his head and taken; others declared that \w had —	- .	-—hundredfold it would still be sold.	der, champagne, clear brown, and commeal, 0,10 cupful wheat floury
########	ÜÜB pppfi
jsssvar ara1	ys	EsSL-swH 1%,% rv ,r.-" v: sgsur - ~ "" -“d *£ .saJSJt: ss
though less spectacular than that of man rifles, not the street lamps of Vjmm,tv,	trouble is that in many cases there is Dark blue may be brightened by *n diameter,
the riflemen, was just as essential and Berlin.	‘ They ain’t nothin’ they can't do for a lack of proper equipment with the Hnee 0f rich red, old rose, or clear
quite as dangerous. Royal Engineers,,	111. Christian 1 ractice	u ^Ack at the base 'ospital. 'Mem- result that the butter does not conic yellow, or peach, but cadet and elec-
isiifp §Ssg§i	### ssep-
the first counter-attack. They weie^hancc to bury them. Fatigue parties % am thinking, how am I to endure utensils and apparatus which enable	The Children’* Menu	Card.	cars	and omnibuses	will	carry	the
preceded by men of the . ignaling were ient out at night to dispose of, living without him; without the in-, him to recover the maximum quantity	^ jg a]wayB important that the chil- finished product to thousands of small
wmssm iphshe
upon their widely divergent duties, erg farther out lay where they had failed to live up to the standard set Wltv tv	t j^mand for butter eome foo<^' 1)0 not stmt t*iem on 8Pec,sl lnNal,d kitchens.
""V*s ^jiSL'ASt	e % r. *-•»•, * tu -, ;
The battle continued until evening, England was seeking news of a son whimpering in the trench when there profitable investment on the part o when we received orders to move up to whoae body had become a part of was unpleasant work to be done, while the farmer and his wife to get the the firing-line. we started at Jive that Flemish landscape.	boys half his age kicked him in a most up-to-date and scientific equip-
o'clock, and although we had less than During the weak following the com- vafn attempt to waken him to a sense ment for their butter-making. As three miles to go, we did not reav e tenement of the offensive, the 0f duty; but instances of this kind time goee on the market will widen
For more than an hom we la> just Englishman was discovered about Tommy is sick of the war—dead American continent for a,8”?P y outside of the trench looking down on flft yardg in front of our trenches. aick of it. He is weary of the inter- butter. In any event, whether the a seemingly endless procession of cas- He wag saving a handkerchief tied minable procession of comfortless butter-making equipment on the farm liai ties. Some v men were cry- ^ the handle of his intrenching tool, nights and days. He is weary of the is up to date or old-fashioned the outing like children, some	P 1•*' | Stretcher-bearers ran out under fire sight of maimed and bleeding men—of put should not be allowed to flag. The
SSfëSâE§ : E5E1EE»	a* ~
ary accounts of hair-bnadth osi t p * hundred yards away. When it was But there is that within him which'
at me from the other side. Gucky comradeg far from the possibility of which makes him an incomparable Buy a soap cup, the kind that hangs fev me lha^. ,* ,a, a	.. .	, 5 help by friends. He had bandaged fighting man.	on the side of the bucket, and place
ne a a gor e	his wound with his first-aid field dress- The intimate picture of him which your cake 0f l0ap In this. Each time
mm% üü EHEiiiESi
K lected in a deep pool. A bridge of trimmed off just right, each person .lrlr ________I....E As he was un- boards had been built around one side'will be satisfied with less, and what,
One highly
men of the listening patrol. A third ter nearly up to his arm-pits, victim whom I saw brought in at day- "Now, then, matey, said an exns-break by a working party. He had perating voice, bathin in our private been shot in the jaw and lay unat-,Pool without a permit, tended through at least five wet Octo- And another, " Ere, son. This am t piano in each town, village or town- dayg and nights. His eyes were a swimmin bawth. Thais our tew
ship throughout Ontario, we hlunl swoj]en shut. Blood-poisoning had water yer a-standin in! offer on# instrument, and only one, In se^ jn from u wound which would cer- The Tommy in the pool must nave each place,	at	factory	price,	as far	ta inly not have been fatal	could it been nearly frozen, but for a moment
as it can be	done consistently.	These	have received early attention.	he made no attempt to ge^. ou,*
IfSSSSI fsisss
ly at night. Furthermore, there was of the Bulïdog Breed a wide area to be searched, and in the	'
darkness men lying unconscious, or
too weak from the loss of blood to	...	„ » fll1n<ie-
groan or shout, were discovered only	lïls	H p	*
by accident*	I “My wife was milking, tuther even-
[gjSKj Tommy Atkins isn’t an advocate of ing,” related Gap Johnson, "and I was Ir^U ^ peace at any price,” but the sight of setting yur on the porch, thinking
awful and needless suffering	invar!a- about what I’d got to do to-morrow,
-	—	|	bly moved him to declare	himself whefi , heerd a yell and sa’ntered
Sr	-=, z £,trYteJr«
use “Christian nations!" he would say over backward, and she d lit on the mfcBB scornfully. "If this 'ere is a sample baby, who was fussing around on the
o' Christianity, I’ll tyke me charnces ground, and mighty nigh mashed the down below w en I gets knocked out.”, Hfe out of the pore little feller His comrades greeted such outbursts «* »Aw that's too bad/ says with hearty approval.	'Mebby after this you’d better have
HmChristians gotlir^.'^ *	Jrt
“They ain’t no God ’avin’ anything milking times to do with this war. I’m telling voxn'	¦	—
All the religious blokes in England an’; Cyclamen should never be allowed
I* ranee an' Germany ain t a-go n to ^ want for water when in bloom, pray 'Im into it!”
I am not in a position to speak " for Hans and Fritz, who faced us from I the other side of No-Man’s-Land; but as for Tommy, it seemed to me that he had a higher opinion of the Deity than many of his better educated countrymen at home.
Soft-cooked Egg
Pea Puree Bread
Baked Potato Butter
Colore That Blend.
Milk to drink
Stewed Abricots
CornmeaJ Cooky
SUPPER
Milk Toait Baked Cuatard Sponge Cake
Cornmcal Cookies.—One-hnlf cupful vegetable oil, one-half cupful mo-
+
National Kitchens in England
rus
Send it to Parker’s
OU will be astonished at the results we get by our modem system of dyeing and cleaning. Fabrics that are shabby, dirty or spotted are made like We can restore the most delicate articles.
Y
new
Send one article or a parcel of goods by poet or We will pay carriage one way, and our
express charges are most reasonable.
When you think of
CLEANING AND DYEING,
think of PARKER S
Let ua mail you our booklet of household helps we can render.
PARKER’S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
CLEANERS AND DYERS 791 Yonge Street

PC
»
breach.
n't 'ft' been fer that cartridge
1
Toronto
PEERLESS POULTRY FENCE
A ftmmiFmnco Mot Nmtthm	J jfW
mad# and «leselj spaced- making It a wmrlete barrier against large naissais as well as small ponluy. Ta# end bottom wires if©. 9— In termed laws Re. II wire-made l
F by Iks Open Uearth procase which Urns and other tsl 'jssma W te Um bast Seel he	Ash starf w Jhsm sad m
keels» Agmaies a—ty eswjs hsia A#»» oaewd ta uaswignsl
'MKtiSU
hst#
It was not dif- them to carry him in, but they told ticult*to understand their elation, and him they were forbidden to take any could forgix p their boastful talk | wounded prisoners.
of bloody deeds
had not given away
TIM
raJSsr*
one
PIANOS! PIANOS!

In ord*r to get our justly high grade
*
a
— • «
See
Ml

i
i
•n
A
I

u
\

I
/

For further information apply to BOX 427
TORONTO. ONT.
A New Dress For . Your Home
I
I
?

•i #
Cover the scars of wear and tear on walls and floors and furniture.	e
A wall re-tinted—a floor varnished—a hall painted—a chair or dining room set re-stained—the whole house made fresh and bright, spic and span. There are
Will

not
bum
*
SPIC AND SPAN
FINISHES
I.
I wish there was a
Walker
9 99
for every surface—for everything you want to do over <
' ’NEU-TONE”—the washable sanitary, soft tone Wall Finish, in pleasing tints.
“WOOD-LAC” Stains make soft wood look like expensive Mahogany, Walnut, etc.
“MARBLE ITE” Floor Varnish—for hardwood ’floors. Won’t mar or turn white.
“LIQUID WAX”— for floors. Easily applied, Dries hard, Shines easily.	«
“SENOUR’S FLOOR PAINT*—the hard-drying
paint for the floor that wears, and wears, and wears* “VARNOLEUM** brightens up and protects Oil Cloth and Linoleum.
These PiolibM have proved their worth and wear and economy In a greet y home*. We hay. handled them lor years end nan guarantee rendu.
FRUIT JAR LABELS FREB-s handy book of them-prlnted In eolors end ready gummed, given awny. Write for them.	164
House
in every little town
with there was a WALKER HOUSE la every little town,
could travel merrily, always alt me down it In teats and comfort, tier titan king with crown,
Walker House
I
n
IV. Tommy.
By the end of the month we had seen more of suffering and death than it is good for men to see in a lifetime. There were attacks and counter-attacks, hand-to-hand fights
Then
m
At
#

u
e
communication trendies with bombs and bayonets, heavy bombardments, nightly burial parties. Tommy Atkins looked like a beast. His cloth hardened mud casing; his body was color of the sticky Flanders V, in which he lived; but his soul was clean and fine. I saw him rescuing wounded comrades, tending them In the trenches, encouraging them and heartening them when ne himself was discouraged and sick at heart.
“You're a-go’n’ ’ome, ’Arryl Blimyl think o’ that! Back to old BlighUy
"«ssi?s.i7k«r
The meals -the Cheemü Berrtce, too, Would leavé ne wage to frown.
If there was just one Walker House In every Utt>
ing was
?
a
the
G%« MARTIN-SEHOUH Go»
LIMITED

The Walker House
I MONTREAL*
GREENSHIELDS AVENUE.

4
7"wwto


	
-
###PAGE###3###

THE FUTURE OF !
AIR-CRAFT

STAFF OFFICERS “THE BRASS HATS"
MAKING V8E OF OVR CAMELS
LONDON BABIES AND THE BARRAGE
YOUTHFUL AIRMAN VICTOR OVER FOE
all component parte, whatever their race or creed, have an equal Interest, and enjoy the same freedom, is known to us by the name of the British Empire. If we are not to fail in our trust, we must call up the same spirit I	of patriotism, Imagination, and work
ADDRE8S OF REAR-ADMIRAL to our aid, and go through with It, as
KERR, OF THE AIR COUNCIL. °ur forefathers did, and without regard to personal interest, and only think of the glory of the empire and the welfare of the human race at
à
South America Possesses hour Species
of the Camel Tribe.
I
There seems to be little doubt of the fact that camels, of which we are accustomed to think as Old World animals, originated in America. Anciently they were perhaps the most numerous of mammals in the territory between the Mississippi River and the
Nevertheless Some Officers “On the One of the Mont Remarkable Features Rocky Mountains, as proved by their
ar*e*	/	oa m* it	,*	,	. _ .	. .«	«	.	„ i a au bones dug out of rocks, some of them
In conclusion, I give you this quota- Staff” Have Done Great and	is the Amazing Heroism of the heing ||Q bjgger than jack rahhitM
tion as a prayer that all should pray:	Dangerous Service.	# Hast End Children.	We have to-day on this continent
War ha, made very incredible and l“01 JgjJ “J JfVEj1'" 0C™'	L°rd| « «¦ ‘he fashion to-day with • cer^	I happened to be walking along a	[^'m"nati” to South'Ameri«.’ Urg-, ,
•go^ommon'placei'o/the^eeent. Yet ; S"W u, the patriotic "meed, and	multi-	Zkfto deH.lè’Z'suff, "ay, an kg-	at'lO o”ock"th.%r%v%?ag 'when	J/,*" t!rld"i%^!vtly uîêd I cZ2% demand*™^ Zne of
% in'Æther Hcondque,B.reofbe^ To ^	^ ^ gener^gird^g"at^evêry-	Zft " .‘ppToaehing, ’“leTt into	™e,|Kt""'Co^nty^to	the'- km!
air by man. and with the arrival of “nrt gl 0 thplr lend thelr	one who wear, a bra,, hat and red	the ,ky. ,ay« a London correspondent. Nol)0(jy bas evcr seen an a|paca jn Gazette it i, elated that	among hi,
peace there will have to be law, laid	------?------- tab,.	There was a most unearthly scream- thjg country unleM , menagerie or other feat, he brought down nine en-
down to meet the vast aerial traffic	Knowing that red tab, are the mg of siren, and hooter,--a really „too„ but we have ,ong been ac.lemy aircraft in nine week,, gay, a
that i, certain to become a part of the lltA1 l,,AI NA, , Kh MAUh" badge of the Staff, the general pub- deafening noise!	quainted with it, Wonderful fleece, London correspondent..
fabric of civilization.	„	... p"lrlli„h„.	W.f|	He i,	apt to condemn in a body all	And then the bomb, began to fall.	very flne and lustrous, which fetches	But after much	anxiety the boy’.
All air vehicles will have to be re-	A,p"*K rool huri ishea	Wonderful	Staff	offlferl| never pausing to con-	The whole thing happened lmmedt-	near,y four t|mea the jce of the best	father, Professor	Rhy, David,, and
gistered, like our shipping. They will	Lesson, in Book of Nature. ,ider (because it does not know) that ately, before we even had time to run. merino wool. Indeed, it is commercial- hi, mother, both Oriental scholar, of
have a Plimsoll mark, or Its equiva-	gjx mile, east of	the city of	Lo,	*11 Staff	officer, do not	hold sheltered	Behind us roared a certain well-known	|y rated above mohair—the	wool of	distinction, no longer have any doubt
lent, and no doubt a Lloyd’s list will	Angeles, Cal,	is	a	trap.	It is not	positions; that a very	large percent-	{’Archie —London anti-aircraft gun—	the Angora goat.	that their son, missing since last	De-
grow up with class A 1, and so forth,	merely prehistoric, but pre-Noahian,	a*e	them are exposed to almost as	and the patter-patter from its s rap-	%n suitable regions (which we do	cumber, is dead.
for vessel* taking passengers and	antediluvian, and, in fact,	indescrib-	many	dangers, if not the same hard-	nel as It fell on the pavement was far	not lftck) ftl, four of thege «Vameloids”	In their home on Chiphead Downs
mails in the nir. If they do not carry	ably ancient.	"hips, as	the men in the trenches, and	from Peasant and rendered walking	could doubtieig be introduced	and bred	the parents and sisters mourn
a flag they will be classed as pirates,	ft l, H pool	of	asphalt	50Q	feet	that the	vast majority	of them are	in the open streets more dangerous	^hin our borders and turned to use-	brave and daring boy, said to be	one
the police will knock them down, and across, solid at the edges, but softer really indispensable and irreplaceable than did Fritz’s bombs!	ful account. The vicuna, in South of three very elect among the bravest
it will be a long fall.	and stickier as the centre is ap- in their respective positions.	But we have grown hardened these America, is as yet virtually a wild of British airmen.
As a matter of fa(^t, there is in ex- preached. Apparently it was much A Man and His Conscience. day3’ lbo"*, we hurried a little grimai, though not hard to tame, and Arthur Rhys Davids after doing istence a large association which has the same many thousands of years! „	,	,	.	faster than usual, we did not feel sen tbe aipaca ;g only partly domesticat- brilliantly at SummerfieM, where, a
aerial laws of ita own. It Is an asso- ago—perhaps much softer and stickier! 11 mU9t be remembered that the ously alarmed nor did we get the ed	King’s scholar, he won a Balliol exelation of birds known as thee^44lo<t y@t. f	phrawe “The Staff includes in its wind up as the soldiers say.	The alpaca industry reaches its hibition and the Newcastle scholar-
souls of the Bosphorous.” They have Small animals, fleeing from bigger *c0Pe officer* employed «11 the way	Terrors of Air Raids.	highest development in southeast | ship, took his commission in the R'*yal
laws clearly laid down, and fly in large ones, took a short cut over the as from Brigade Headquarters, w ithin a gtoriea have been told me by some Peru and northwest Bolivia, in and * lymg < orps in the autumn of 1916, groups, and 1 have never seen any of phalt pool. If only one foot stuck md<‘ or 80 °» the front line, right >ac ^ poorer Londoners concerning around the valley of Lake Titicaca, leaving his civil service ambitions un-them in collision. Almost as if using that was the end; they could jiot es- our bason on tbe - f,a coast.	j the raids that run from grave to gay. which is more than two miles above after the war.
a compass they navigate the air, and cape. But elephants, mastodons, cam-	gade Headquarters is invariably wit -	churches, crypts, cellars and tubes	the sea. It is an arid region with	Brought Down Twenly-Taha Germans.
I have noticed that those flying sputh- els, sabre-toothed tigers met the same	in *l,n rang*» often within mac une	hlled with the poor East Enders	great diversity of climates, ranging	Young Davids had been good at
east pass over those flying	north-west.	fate.	ffu.n range, of the enemy	when	„	whenever the raids begin. Their own	from subtropical at the lake level to	sp0rts and	he took to flying as though
When our	own	aerial	laws	are	made	Strange creatures seem to have liv-	brigade is in the line, and	1 believe t	m|8erabie dwellings afford but little	arctic on the lofty mountain slopes.	|JOrn to it.	He won the M.C. with the
we shall have to take a hint from ed on this continent in ancient days.	is tbe universal cu*to"1 *°.r the. brl"	! protection, and—judging from the	But the alpaca selects its own zone	her, and the D.S.O. after five months
those birds, and use the compass in We should never have imagined that	gadier» accompanied by his brigade-	way tbey flock together into so-called	of temperature by going higher in	;n France in April, 1917. He brought
making rules for passing.	they did prowl about this New World maJ°[* to make a daily round or tne [ “refuges”—they evidently believe summer and descending lo lower alti- down twenty-two Germans for certain
of ours if it were not that their re-	trenches occupied by the troops under thgt there’s safety in numbers.	tudes in winter.	__he actually saw that number crash
mains have been dug up. The asphalt	bis command, what with	the	later	There are those among them, how-	Conditions very similar in respect	—but he drove down many more out
pool near Los Angeles has told a won-	developments of this war	in the¦	wzj	eVer, who will not leave their rickety	to climate, elevation and vegetation	0f control.	Among the twenty-two
drous story.	of air raids and spasmodic bombard-, homeg	are found in the vast area between were the German super-fliers, Voss
Near the surface of the asphalt ments with high-velocity, long-range ^ ,.yd sooner die among me pots and the Rockies and the Sierras. There al-|and Schafer pool are found skeletons of present- K^ns, it may truthfully be said that pflng>» declared one old lady of eighty- pacas would doubtless multiply great-1 The story of the defeat of Voss, who day* animals; deeper, animals not now	the danger zone at the front now ex-	fou^ who clyng tenaciously to her lit-	ly, the herds (in which they are ac-	had been credited with being the
native to California; deeper still, anl-	temia rl{?,ot back t0 Gorps Headquar-	^ house, although she had “seen the	custom ed to wander) maintaining	greatest airman of all the armies, is
mais not now known on the earth,	tcra» and ,n, case of “^rutl at ack even	fron^ door go past me up the front	themselves on coarse grass and herb-	thrilling. When Rhys Davids went up
and deeper still animals hitherto un- as far as tbc bas®8 themselves.	staircase.” •	age, for the consumption of which the with a squadron of six and four Ger-
known in any age.	The war has taken a heavy toll Of. Another old London woman, who is peculiar construction of their mouths mans were sighted it was not so easy
Recoveries from the pool have	brigadiers and their stairs, to a .esser ^ terrjfied to g0 to bed for fear of	and stomachs adapts them.	The sue-	as ^ seemed, for Voss was among
proved that anciently there were in	extent of divisional generals ana,njght raids> was saying what	she	culent vegetation of warmer	and more	them and he took on three of the
that region tigers more formidable	would do when peace comes.	humid climates does not	suit the	British machines. Two of these he
than any tiger of modern Bengal.	The names of men who wore hej ghal, take me ^ockin’s off,”	she	health of any species of	the camel	put out 0f action, causing them to re-
Their saber-like teeth were four times	brass hat and he red tabs of tho remarked airily haven’t had	’em	family.	turn home with their engines full of
as long as the distance their mouths Staff are inscribed on some of the off for two years/f	Alpacas are remarkably active and ]ead The third was the boy from
could open. The beast could not pos- brightest pages of the war—Charles	vigorous beasts, thriving where cattle vton
sible bite with them. They were, FitiClarence (“the man who turned	Heroic Little uiris	and sheep could hardly exist. They
weapons, used to strike	the	prey, tear-	the tide at 1 pres," killed a few days	The heroism of tho children in	have two-toed feet, like the camel, and
ing long gashes.	after he had saved the Empire John	these air raids is remarkable. Listen	Bjm|iar teeth:
Among other remains that have been	Gough (Haig’s chief-of-staff, struck	to the story of a little ten-year-old
found In the pool are those of ante-	by a spent bullet just behind the line),	girl, who along with her small bro-
lopes with spiral horns; eagles, hawks,	“Tommy” Capper (killed by shrap-	ther, was rendered homeless, her mo-
condors (the last doubtless attracted nel as he sat his horse at Loos in full ther missing.	Oil Is Obtained From the Seeds Leav-¦ ¦	.	T	Minutes
by animals struggling in the asphalt), view of the enemy), to mention a few After the relief committee had sent jng a Nutritious Cattle Feed.	rougni ror i wemy m nui .
and a bird much larger than the con-	names at random; while the general	them to a shelter, the little girl re-	“I	want	to	give	X oss	all	credit,
_	.	...	.	.	,	.	dor—larger, in fact, than those of any	public has yet to learn the whole	mem her ed that “the lady upstairs” In the canning of tomatoes and the gayg	Miss	Rhys Davids,	sister	of	the
try. To do so would be going back to knQwn bjrd. bones actually larger splendid story of the stands made by had a baby which was Asleep at the manufacture of catsup there is much brave young airman, in repeating the the ancient days when the sailors	^ those 0f a man!	brigade staffs in the dunes by Nieu-	: time of the explosion!	^aste ,n the {°[m of 9ecds an^ *»¦-	story. “He had a fearful fight	with
sailed the ship, and the soldiers fought	The,asphalt pool is	a	book	of	na-	Port and in the reverse at Cambrai.	So she and her little seven-year-old	H®w great 19 the Quantity of such	the three for twenty	minutes,	and
the gea-bnttle. JWe #11 know the re-	furnishing the most wonderful While it is thus manifestly unfair brother sallied forth into the night to r^use may be judged from the fact then my brother and Voss wheeled
suit of that system was to produce a	and jngtructiVe lessons	and ungenerous to criticize the Staff	find the baby.	tbat in Indiana alone «-0,000 tons of	round and round; and	then, suddenly.
state of e stagnation In matters con-	____________ as a body, there are (or, perhaps, I	The boy’s courage failed him in tfie	tomatoes are “pulped” annually, yield-	Voss crashed to earth.
nocted with the sea.	WHAT IS A YAHOO?	should say were, for the comb is re- darkened, bombarded streets, and he ing aa a by-product (hitherto deemed “Yes, my brother spoke of one or
When the blessed day of r < n ,• nr-	___ ported to have been busy in France)	ran back into safety. But the little	worthless) *>l4 tons of seeds	and	732	two narrow escapes. On the very first
rives there will be a great niggle all	Baboong of South	Africa Form Basis	men in Staff positions who, by reason	girl went on, and in the dark she	tonA9 skln9-	time he went up out there something
r tlr v\. * . to get a .tart of others ^	• “Gulliver’s Travels”	of their youth and the decorative na- groped about among the ruins and de- , beginning has been made in the made him turn round, and to his as-
in matters commercial, and one of t ic	ture of their duties, would certainly bris of the tenement where once she utilization of this refuse, which is, tonishment he saw a Hun on his tail,
principal features will be priority in In the course of his travels, the be geen to	advantage fighting lived and which was now reduced to available for valuable purposes. After If he had not glanced round at that
aerial communication.	celebrated Gulliver came across * beside their comrades in their respec- atoms, until she found the baby.	drying, it is passed through machines | moment he would have been killed.
Must Get Into Training.	country where horses were the real ^ve un^g Some time or other in It was then too dark to venture	sieves and tans) that separate Worse still, his gun jammed, and for â
These things cannot be done sud-	Pp°P,e»> the nearest	representatives of	^is war every man of military age	back, so the little girl sat nursing the	the skins from the seeds.	ten minutes he had to get out of this
denly. It is essential that we must	humankind being a	most degraded and	hafl to devide between himself and his	baby in the ruins alone all night and	Pr<!m the lafte[ 19 obtained	(by	machine’s way by rolling and turning,
prepare. Preparation means organiz-	bestial race ca ed	a oos.	conscience whether he should become	arrived triumphantly at the relief de-	Posing) an oil that, when	refined I	Then suddenly, to his amazement, the
ation, and the strength of organize- [ [an	wh°.	/i 8 °ryi a combatant or no. A man must be pot the next morning, with the baby and bleached, is excellent for table Hun turned tail and went home. That
tion is the law. As a nation we are got his data from what he had learned ,eft tQ hig conscience, and therefore in her small arms!	use- lt 18 g?od f?r cooking. In a was one of the narrowest escapes he
«2rr”rssr«îstrs: rrof"TrT,,	- — »»
MrsrRStts zsi 25	w> . tr	srrtit sût justs
hundred races in my time, and though	wh,0“vcrî °f warnk,nlK case of ,	Sheer ^	» .even-year-old girl were all alone at | after the oil ha. been .queezed out of year. We knew he was missing, and
in some things to ride a waiting race danger 13	^ah-hoo, yah-noo.	I Of course, every officer who has home when the raid began.	the seeds affords a highly nutritious We hoped and hoped for eight weeks
is necessary yet I never saw a jockey ^he baboon9 are undoubtedly re- Berved at tHe front comes into contact As soon as she was off duty she hur- cattle feed. In the preparation of before we had any practical certainty, who did not believe that one length mote cou8m*.of	°”n- but they do S00ncr or later with that offence "ed home through the bombardment, ,uch feed the skins are mixed in with
srsisscsyss	» s.'-—r
There will be many difficulties, but ' *",nd8 the «''ghteet affection for their rade , hagten to add that thlg type paid. They might have gone mad strongly recommends the saving and
—"S.	effective	» hd*I«¦«•..^	«m -M,. ^ h,«.
“Stir Up Our Sleeping People." [haboon. is to surround a bunch of	i ^eck to hl" refg™ent was worth, of
Imagination and organization in the them at night, wait until daybreak	the man a"d of the men that fought at
past, by men whose names are now ' silently and shoot them down with	; ,,rca4.in 11086 a“tumn day9; but'	Hope s	singing	of	a future sky,
household words, have succeeded In rifles In the morning as they emerge	^rom 1 16 bure ^ utilitarian standpoint.	With	not	a	cloud	in	view,
from cover	11 wa* aheer waete
!
i
TENDENCY TO UNDERRATE
THEIR WORK.
GERMAN AVIATOR DOWNED BY 20 YEAR-OLD ETON BOY,
STORIES OF ENEMY AIR RAIDS TOLD BY EYEWITNESS.
Lieutenant Davids Brought Down Twenty-Two of Foe Before His
Own Death.
No Man lias a Greater Knowledge of Aircraft and I ta Possibilities •	Than the Admiral.
When Voss, the intrepid German
the
A
Imagination and Energy.
Aerial law la one of the foundations on which the aerial communication of tho future will rest. Its statutes will have to provide for regularity in wireless communications, rule of the air, aerial navigation, and in addition to this, the rights of state* and individuals to pass through the atmosphere over countries and properties belonging to other peoples, and also control of landing-places on the lines of routes, ns well as the licenses to be granted, authorizing types of ma-machines that may be used for conveyance of passengers and mails, and testing the qualifications of those in charge of these aircraft.
In my opinion the formation of tho Royal Air Force is a distinct advance in aeronautics. It means the establishment of a General Staff whose business it is to devote their imagination and energy principally to the study of aerial problems, a subject too great to be looked on as a by-product of the work of any other Minis-



Voss and Rhys Davids made a duel of it. The Hun was in a triplane, and there was a most tremendous fight. The story of it was afterward told tc the family by an officer acquainted with the facts.


+
USES FOR TOMATO REFUSE.
t

f


Shot “Painted Banana."
"He had very often been in a big fight of twenty-five on each side, and when he wrote home about such he said, “All you can think of is pumping lead into any machine you see and I looking out and avoiding collisions, just missing each other by perhaps a couple of feet. He used to laugh when he saw the German machines painted up Mike an unripe banana.’ He described one of these machines, and said that when it came toward him he chuckled with laughter at the curious appearance of it, and then let fly. He brought the painted banana down.”
And now young Rhys Davids has himself been brought down. But he lives a memory of schoolboy British ¦ pluck that can never die.
+
To-day
<*
away
In the room upstairs where he used to stay.
Depth Bombs
What is said to be one of the most His clothes came home from the camp efficient weapons in the anti-submarine warfare is the depth bomb, which The cap that he waved when he went carries several hundred pounds of high
explosive and bursts automatically at The coat that was snagged and mend- a predetermined depth. The effective ed with care,	ness of the weapon lies in the fact
The bright-colored scarf that he liked that it does not have to hit the subbest to wear
She held them close to her heart to- prcssible, and the mho
day	I plosion of a mass of trinitrotoluene or
As she knelt alone in his room to pray, other high explosive under water if Him clothes came home from the camji felt immediately for a long distance to-day.	jin all direct	According to th*
Recruit (nervously)- Shall I mark The shoes where the prints of his feet Scientific American, four cubic feet of
still stay;	h otoli e at the moment of de-
ify His mother, seeing them through her tonal ion produces forty thou and çu-tears,	(hie feet of gtu, which of coure exerts
Thought of the baby boots kept its pressure in the line of lea
the tremendous pressure wiV crush its
j She put her soldier boy's clothes away, walls like an eggshell

?
to-day,
Hope With Work
away,
But the sky to-day,
So don’t “knock” the Staff* Leave With bright or gray, the few among them who are deliber- ls the wonderful sky for you! ately “taking cover” to their con- And strength of Toil v sciences
building up the most wonderful fabric that the world has ever seen. A construction whose stones are nations and les, cemented by the blood of who have died for their King and Country, and whose different units 4re bound together by a great network of maritime communication of commerce, spread like a vast web o, «r all the globe, and guarded cease-k iy in the past by the argus-eyed British Navy, which must be assisted largely in the future by the fleets of
marine to destroy it. Water is incom
of the ex
Plant Every Acre.
Every extra acre of wheat farmer's can put in this spring will save somebody from starving. Europe Is shirt about 600,000,000 bushels.
•------*---------
You Know It's True.
You are only playing at food saving yet. In England and France they are “doing" it
pe<>P
men
On the old home-soil Is making Hope's song come true
*
*
Difficult Feet.
The schoolgirl was sitting with her feet stretched far out into the aisle time with my feet, sir? and was busily chewing gum when the teacher espied her
Mary!" called the teacher sharply, marking time with the hands?
questioned th pup i “Take that gum out of your mouth and put your feet in!"
It Can Be Done
• Lieutenant (sarcastically» dear fellow, did you ever hear of
through the years;
To fry fish properly they should be And, with the relics of yesterday, put into boiling Lot fat
marine is near,
“Yes. ma'am

the air.	Milk, to keep properly, should not
This priceless inheritance, bequeath i,v warmer than'56 degrees Fahren-¦Eto us by
r ancestors, in which helt


###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
OUNCE NALL, SNAWVIllE :
bomb attacks carried out was difficult ow ing to the clouds and on this account our machines descended as
low fifty feet.
“ A clear break 20 yards wide was observed in the Zeebrugge mole at its inner end
was seen lying between the peirs and blocking the greater part of the Fairway.
Observation
\ Chinese Problem Again Acute
THE EQUITY.
z
SHAWVILLE, MAY 2. 1918.
L
O
O. Y. ». LO DG K. No. :U». meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m
K. 8. H. Workman,
W. M.


Ih
At Oetend a .sunken object
=
Ij Pleasing | b»fl flavor. 1
â
lisevvation of French
rii rough th
it ;s iv|»oited that French ai t Ivmnen lmw Ihhmi enabled to Muash
<
B
RET HAUTE once gave a diverting picture of the “heathen Chinee" whose ways, at least In the old Californian lavs, were “childlike and bland."
1 Scientifically | prepared.
Irvin Hamilton, Kec.Secy
i
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each month
IÎK1IM HolHilNM
W. M
*’ Numerous bombs were drop|>ed on objectives on short Ikiver, April 2
Ilo long range ( îontmn guns that mhtmling Varia.
\ arv still on thv jol
I
Pwi
1
r
Reo. IIornuNH, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on
the 14th of each month.
II. N. HolMilNB,
W. Cmop. in Com
I
Tlie crew of one of
the Hritish submarines which was used J Hi Hi^N_ to destroy the Herman pier at Zeebrugge [Burns, the inconvenient power to
1, were 'see ourselves as others see us" is of the lenled to mortals, it might be most
s
Although, on the authority of Bob-
!
z
a
England is growing [ during yesterday mornings i
rescued, according to a mend
|HL v . IP •	.crew, by an escorting destroyer. The
Englishmen it vonsmption is sailor said that after the destroyer
I plied to the youthful man power slipped the submarine at the entrance to
land. Trouble seems inevitable no the harlnir, the under water boat mailt	.	.	.	, A
........ ........-.....-....« 2,	—r srur. =%
craft a few moments later. The sub- the Chinese's advent on the Paeiflo marine struck the objective and blew up. oast of America. At one moment The outlook is that little Holland| The sailor said the piei was blown to |be U declared to ba a moat desirable iv s«Niii feel the crushing effects of the pitres
Run. llonoins Com. Scribe.
HI
ntling thv military
nstructive and illuminating to know he Chinese Impression of the occl-ienial’s peculiar ways when East
Ghæwin
CLUBS.
5
f
à
i
E
r
E

E
TIME OF MEETING :
=
cl
1 Is the worlds best chew- j 1 It is the most economical chew." a
%iiiiiiiiimiiiiiiimimiiiiimimimiiHmiiiim«iUiiiUiiuumiimmiiiiniiminiiiimmv
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol
Austin
Elmside
mmlgrant, and at another a very un-iesirable one. Through the Impost-
I
Crews of the ships which took part
Her iM>»ition is ,
With the trugiv Ih,illinr'st<.rhL tf ",'hrh lldvLt'.m'x lldn ot a po" ,ax of »500. Canad*
¦ iyyiot Mir.|()IM. of thviH lm> ties, Tilled Imw, de- for -vears Practically excluded fur-
msented | spite the fact that the Hermans dis her Chinese Immigration, but now
covered their presence while they were ,ome men bave l)Ul ^rth a sudden ¦still outsi.lv the lutrU-r, they made their lemand tor at_ least 100.000 coolies
.......
nil «ut strike at the mines ot	| “	A landing party was put ashore, |#ab a chorus of dissent by Canadfan
Sonia Steel and Coal Co. at	! thv	seaman said, " and we captured the &bor leaders, who, taking the stand-
German guns on the breakwater and | point that the Dominion has already turned them around, tired them on the more aliens than is desirable, con-German fortified positions. As far as I tend that the coeoe influx would lid t(i	lie the cause of the | we could see, there was not a place of j lower Hie standard of living and
The	Government	will	any military imjHwtance left wv de-1 'he a pen the wage rate of the people.
st roved a lot	fhey declare that the true remedy
"n	l m avtSMs -gs
'h '"‘"ri ........ 'Y;'""	2%
Xmvi lvan raierai ion of Lnlxw, was | era receive, fa >alvo of shells in her en-Up t\Xf> pians for production and dis-
Hitivd	the high honor of addressing	I fflRP	room abd had to Ik* U\ivhvd. Hhe I rt button. For these uncompromising
i'- v	Canadian House of Commons on	was	l,,tWn ,ll* aftcr thv survivors had Opponents of coolie labor, there may
,	been rescued.	I be some grain of comfort to be ex-
I ulav evening last and is said to have I *» Motoi boats destroyed every float- j tracted from the apparent Indiffer-
tde a good impression U|K*n bis dis-1 big thing in sight, including two Gcr- *ace of the Federal Government, iguidicd audience, although speaking man destroy en* and some submarines. |
It was a big Giosc of the landing party who re	~	“
amgmgmag	ma inn l liehind to continue the work of
smashing German guns knew they would either lose their lives or Ik* taken prisoner. Tin > were volunteers and Monday > war news indicated that a I brave lot of fellows.
Huhenzollct xtivmvlv grave.
Belgium in view Hollanders have 1 to their hulking nvigliUvr's un
lx iot
I
- First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
- First Friday,
• •
1
1
I
Wyman
Shawville - First Saturday,
ot each month.
I
I wish to inform the |toupie of this district that I have secured the agency for the
Renfrew Machinery Company, Ltd.,
Manufacturers of and dealers in the following lines :
L \
\
Sydney Mil
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Failure to adjust grivv-wild months' standing by the
»
!
FOR —
Shawville and District
Y 1
I
Cream Separators Truck Scales Household Scales Cas and Kerosene Engines Happy farmer Tractors Power Drag Saws Crain Grinders Saw Frames Friction Clutch Pulleys
TO FULL rOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
llAtlll ill tliv dispute
1 ikt 1 v take take
Splendid li>t of stock for Fall Planting. WIT. and Spring Planting. 1918. including many new varieties w blch we alone control.
A
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Littéral commissions.
STONK and WELLINGTON (Established I KIT)
disposition to take seriously the agitation of the Ontario men to throw down the bars against the Chinese.
It is well to remember that the Chinese situation In Canada and the United States Is but a symptom of a treater, world-wide movement. The uovement affects appreciably the whole status of the Chinese race In the impending reconstruction of International relations. To-day the .Chinese Is not permitted to share with the white man the virgin lands Df the temperate zones; to-morrow it may be necessary for various peoples to broaden their vision and to adapt themselves to an oriental who has, through sheer racial evolution, qnall-
.	.	...	. .fled himself to take up the rights of
orwurdmg these letters (.i> cents) Lalzenship with olher nationalities.
by l>Ofrtrtgv st AIU|)s * ns tent I ot by p lnay be questioned whether he has ¦¦¦¦I	jggg-i yet qualified for this right, and there
¦¦ B HI	:s no apparent likelihood of the pre-
¦BHHTlie attention to persons ludlee against miscegenation being sending such lOtTespondtmce is broken down. But China is in a state jMtrticularly directed to this ns in j of fl ;x. quite apart from that ' yel-future where the charges are re- j ow p^ril" fearfully foreshadowed by mitted by menus of postage stamps I uill more perilous kaisers. She hai
the letters will he returned to the o ftrnl a relief for congestion, which senders. H. M. Coulter, Deputy j will more and more be deemed acute Postmnstei General.	I is modern methods continue to be
idopted. Unrestricted emigration night afford only temporary relief. And one might appropriately ask
without preparation n in s ta>k and Gompcrs stains to have lieen fully equal to it.
Ontario

Toronto
MADE IN CANADA
Rheumatism, gidney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
V h TORY l«H EV M A TIC/' AN D KI UN BY Cl KK
Larukly l skd With Very Great
Success.
I tattle was developing in the Y j ires r, along a front of fifteen miles.

With legal d to the arrangement instituted whereby correspondence
i >t' ;i
\v *ul«i make a >upieme effort to break be forwarded from individuals
-¦	« nd reach the coast uoith of | Canada to person* in enemy and
enemy occupied territory through the medium of Tin»-. ( ook tY Son, > ground at a few places, %%* St. Catherine St., W. Montreal.
the assurance V given out that the line ! difficulty is being caused owing to
¦¦^¦«11 along, and confidence persomi remitting the charge for
I in ilu iil.ilitv of tl,e allied1 Frwardma: these letters ( l, cents
Governor Pulleys Pump Jacks Hangers Bearings
Wood Pulleys Belting, etc
and am in a |H>sition to till all orders for same
YOUR PATRONAGE FÀRXKSTLY SOidCITKD
1 it was not improUihle the enemy
•i
For rheumatism or kidney I rouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in month, loss of apatite and asthma. If you have a sore hack or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. I Miller, grocer and I taker, Renfrew, writes my shoulder* for over a year. 1 used two bottle# of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Vurc, and 1 am Jfove from all |min anil stiffness
(’. MeValic, R. M. I>. No. 5, Renfrew,
writes : u l was troubled with rheuma-
\1 though the British have Urn
\nrvs
1

H. E. MITCHEM
Agent
remain* intact
Opposite \V. A Uodgius’, Shawville 1*. S -Agent for “ The Famous Seeley Pmnjw ”
it
» hold out until the force of the means of a Postal Note for :%) cents thru>t has weakened. Some of I with five cents in postage affixed
thereto.
f
IIIV
the British pa|*er% however, are prering the public to look for a jiossible andoninent of the channel ports of Dunkirk and Valais, a situation which would very >moiisly a fleet the allinl
I hud iliiiiuiMtisin iu

Pasturage to Rent.
Canada s Fondness for Autos
I Irani ford lvx|H>*itof
- of communient
Parties needing same this year, may, .	._______HPJ I - B B
procure I'uMimige on my farm mi the tism lor over fifteen yearn, and at tunes
mnoiincemviit	ot	the	death	of	nw oul of xorth America and	*1-	HR* there* weie 199,302 cars re	*alc. Parties interested are requested	•	Itenfrew. writes : 14 l was troubled for
Rev. Wm. J.	Vonoly, whivh (KTumtl	at	Gws Europe to have “spheres of	In-	| gistered in Canada, an increase ol 47,705	to apply to Mrs. Geo. A. llagg Sliaw-	'	y01** with imligewlion and tried all kinds
the Royal Alexandria hosj.ital. Kdiuou- fluence" upon her territory? Care-lover 191(1, while the inmiU‘r of new ville for terms and particulars. '	| of medicine. Two bottle* of y oil r Vic-
ton, on Friday last following an opera-	*ully examined, these commercial	cars legisteretl in that year was netrly	GEO.	L. CORRIGAN tory Rheumatic and	Kidney Cure eolation for appendicitis, will be received	rights, backed by treaties, appear to	;(;tooo. The increase for 1918 is ex	*	pletely cured me.”
with	genuine	regret	by	friend- m Leduc	j	be nothing less than incipient	in-	pi*cted to be	on	a pro]mrtionate scale.	--------------------------------------Mr! 1>. M.	RoW*rt*on, Renfrew
ami	district,	esjieciaUy	on the part of	I	'ringements of Chinese	One Canadian	in	every 40 owns a car;	mtiAnncmo	ttt a xtiutv^	writes : "I have	not had an attack of,
the older residents, he having been pas-1 ind ou*hl;	lo n\	/ * and, tvmghly speaking, there is one auto- TEACHERS WANTED asthma or coughing since I took the
tor of tin- Meth„.list church hvrv *...«• I **	The» lit to» of n.'obi.k for every ciK».t families. Von-	,	fourth dose* of your remedy."
:he oroiected League of Nations. sidering that in 190:1 there wen* only Teachers wanted for the nine public Sufferer* should secure a supply of There is an urgent need of law#	220 automobiles in Ontario, ami that in	sclujols of Bristol, Que.* holding Model	this splendid remedy at once from 8oaw-
lealing comprehensively with	all	1917, 84,3.53 auto licenses were taken	( l rirat-Vlass Elementary certificates,	ville !>rng Co., Shawville, Que ; Con
i l)lo'nt clot	|	oriental races on a basis of equality,	out, the increase	is nothing short of	Inities to commence	August 15th, 1918.	longe Supply Co,,	Fort Cent longe, Que.;
)n the other hand, there should	be	amazing.	Applications must	be	in the hands of	J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau 8t., Otta-
pro-| A marked feature of the preeminence the undersigned not later than May 8th wa i direct m th< manufacturer,
stating qualifications, experience, if any, W. F. Ritchie, R x 29f>, Renfrew, Ont. salary oxjtected and church of choice
O. T. DRUMMOND,
Sec.-Treat., Bristol* Que. poeitage
It will KiirpriM* most Canadians to know that among the nations ot the
Former Leduc Pastor Dead
A Commercial Tax Reported
Coming.
Saturday’s Ottawa Journal say is understood that there may I* a new form of taxation announced in the Canadian budget speech to Ik* delivered by Hon. A. K. Maclean, on Tuesday next. Sir Robert Borden went to New York t • fully discuss the Canadian financial situation with Sir Thomas White, the Minister of Finance, who is recti[k*rating after a disturbing illness, and with American financial authorities, who may In-called upon for financial aid during the coming year.	i I
The proposal is to impose a tax of one per cent upon all Canadian financial transactions, both domestic and export. This will l*- applied to the transactions of producers of raw materials, to the transactions of manufacturers, of jobbers, and of retailors, where purchases amount to one dollar or more. In the case of the retail tax it will lie paid by stamps affixed to receipts, as stamps are now attached to packages of proprietary drugs.
The adoption of this taxation scheme, it is said, de%iends upon the decision leachtKl at the conference lietween the Premier and the Minister of Finance in New York.
It is practically certain that the war profits tax will l«c retained, with some adjustments of inequalities. It is expected that companies with watered capital will not be allowed to value their issued stock at par, but w ill !*• required to enter it at a rate based U|*>n the actual capital invested. On the other hand companies of longstanding md small capitalization, it is exj»ected will lie allowed to return as capital the profits which they have invested in the expansion of their plant and industry.
flit
It
hi teen years ago.
Mr. Vonoly had been confined to the hospital at f .amont for five months |w*t, suffering from the effects of in the veins of one of his legs, but s<
f h recovered that h left the hospital I ome well-defined limitations
three weeks ago and was prewiring to ectioa white laborers from economic I which Canada enjoys is the ever inmake a trip to Yuicouver t«» visit his ! disaster. They have rights no less creasing proportion of motor licenses sister, Mrs. Walter Findlay, when he ' han Hie Asiatics, who. however, of- whj(.h are being taken out by farmers, a was again taken ill.	U"1	'en aggravate the situation by P<>s*njr I fact which in itself affords a strong
Mrs. Vonoly died in Dwemler, 191(5, | J3 r.°10®t3',fuvn^ L1 ÎL i v p wfth °the K^rantee that gwwl country roads will and their only son Wilson Uonoly, who ; ^untry*» institution, and modes of U™ ^ the rule rather than the exeep-enlisteil and left hdin n three years |fe P„rhaps the immediate problem Ition. ago with the 151st battalion, is at the i lf Canada, in controlling imraigra-present time in a military hospital in ion. is how to apply her restrictions England, recovering from trench fever. equally to every land, excepting the Mr. Uonoly came to Alberta fifteen Mother Country and the variou#	Medals n>r ( avalrymeo.
year* ago and has been stationed at a "tranches of the Anglo-Saxon com- Since April Î, 1917, th^ ( ana flan miml-er of churches in the Edmonton minifies_________________________ ravalry in Fraace has received ne
and one of the most progressive men in Glasgow com spoodeot, and ha prt^ I f st jf|ChaeI and St. George), four
the denomination, being e#l#ecially in-	*n 48 h'""s 1 11111 ’ at n mvdrr* # Distinguished Service Orders, twenty
terestvd in the rural church problem. 00,1 wlll, h said to	^upenor	Military Crosses, twelve Distinguish-
He was a Ko an ardent advocate ot the to any other produced In the couatry. ?d conduct Medals, fifty-two Mill-
t|l lt One thousand maimed soldiers have ai- tary Medals, four French decora-
retdy been fitted, and 9,090 are en the tlons, and four mentioned In de-
The officer awarded the
IVice 75c. |**r bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add .*ufiicient to cover
WITHOUT EXCEPTION
FIVE YEARS
6°0
THE BEST MUNICIPAL
INVESTMENT IN CANADA
CITY OF MONTREAL
GOLD BONDS
V. F. A. movement ami anything tended to better the condition of th
• -
ricultural community. He was a power-	list,
ful and effective preacher.
He was a prominent Orangeman arid had risen to the highest offices within the gift of that Order in the province, j A strong advocate of temperance he, was Grand Councillor of the I. O. G. T.
He had made a host of friends who w ill sincerely lament his loss.
Mr. Vonoly was born in Clarendon,
Quebec, and a brother, John Vonoly, and two sisters, Mrs. Argue and Mrs.
McDowell are living at Shawville ; another sister, Mrs. Finley, lives in Van-
Maturing in five years-December 1, 1922
Denominations : $100, $500, and $1000.
ipatches
C.M.O. is Brig -Gen. J. B. Seeley, 2 B, D.S.O., and the two officers who won the Victoria Cross are Lieut. F. M. W. Harvey and Lieut. H. Stra-:han, M C. Previous to April 1, 1917» Canadian cavalry had received 41
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Bearer or Registered Bonds
0% Semi-Annual Interest payable June I and December 1
Hun Submarine Bases badly
Damaged
aonors.
Sir Charles M. Cavanagh. officer commanding the British Cavalry Copenhagen is used differently 1 Corps in Fran.ce, declares the Cana-from ordinary chewing tobacco.	Hans proved themselves "a fine
Take a sm&l pinch, for a start, lighting brigade," and that there was
the lower tip | no regular brigade in the corps
which he regards more highly.
The entire TAXABLE IMMOVEABLE PROPERTY' of Montreal-of a value of StMO.OOO.OOO-ia re#|K>nsible for the PRINCIPAL and the INTEREST of these bonds with ABSOLUTE PRIORITY' ou all MORTGAGES.
Further particulars of the raid carried
out by allied naval forces against the German submarine 1
it Ostend and
and put it bet and gum, in the centre

Prospectus on request.
Zeebrugge on Monday night April 22nd
<iven in ,he followi"S reP°rt couver.	85 of th. *** „lt th.
l»nd"n, April 2». -Air observations He entered the ministry in 18.89 and strength of the chew you de»:r*.	0?er 2,000 students, graduates
*how a clear break of 20 yards in width was stationed at many eastern appoint- Oopanfiagmi i" strong, because gnd teachers from McGill have joined in the Zeebrugge mole at the inner end nient* before coming to AlU rta.	lhe '" w*hic#i it is made it j,e military forces. Three hundred
and that a sunken object block* the The funeral wax held at McDougall ru flr:" *TT,ln#' which makes it these have gained military honors, greater part of the channel in the har Methodist church, Edmonton, on Tuex- JuiokJv * 8tr*n*',h thoroughly ar.d ind 236 are among those who have bor at (Mend, according to an official day afternoon, the •services being in	...	. H	made the supreme sacrifice. The Me-
mm ai mm *üi
Afterwwrde you can increase the
Well Done, McGill!
R EN E-T. LECLERE
IXVKSTMKNT BaXKKR
160 St. James St.,
Montreal.
(Established ItOl).
Telephone , Main 1200 & 1201
02821215
###PAGE###5###
WORK MKN NKKDKD.
THE EQUITY,
«
An Analysé» of tbe Flr*t Call Under
Conscription.
Whether the second or some additional clash under the Military Service Act will be called out Is a question of policy which the Government will shortly have to determine. The call will not likely be Immediate, but an iinalysls of the figures as to tti operation so far of the selective draft enactment leads to the conclusion that either the process will have to be greatly expedited as regards the first-class, or measures will be necessary to secure men from those classes which so far have been relieved from the call. Some at least of the members of the Military Service Council favor the latter procedure.
Since the act became operative, thirty thousand draftees have been secured, or will be, during the present month. Then there are upwards of 16,000 volunteers enlisted from Canada or the United States since Sept. 1st, bringing ;he total reinforcements up to 47,000. If all these men had been brought to the colors as the direct result of the act, and if the proportions were equally distributed throughout Canada, the result would be regarded as satisfactory. As matters now» stand, there Is urgent need for more men, in view of the Impending and tremendously vital conflict on the western front.
The only available .machinery In securing them is that which Is provided by the Military Service Act, and its operation Is clogged up with so many appeals, the disposal of which Involves so much delay that It Is clear the congestion before the tribunals must either be removed promptly or else recourse be had to lome other class. Fifty thousand appeals are pending, 34,000 of them in Quebec, the greater portion having been entered by the military authorities from the exemptions of the local tribunals. Very probably. In i few days extra judges will be appointed to assist the thirty-four now îssigned to these cases. Likewise, the central appeal Judge will be glv->n assistance.
Outside of the district of Hull, which for military purposes Is In Ottawa. and where the enlistments through the war have been very creditable, the whole province of Quebec, under the Military Service Act, has produced so far only 1,716 men, as against 5,238 In Toronto district. 1,236 in Kingston and Ottawa, ind 2,225 in Winnipeg.
The right of appeal Is fully guaranteed by the act, but while there ire 34,000 appeals In Quebec, only 4,597 are pending elsewhere latter are more essentially appeals entered by Individuals refused exemption.
In the Improbable event of the total number of military appeals be* ng upheld, the first class would secure about 100.000 men, the limit under the act; if only half the appeals are sustained, the limit would be 70,000.
However, a total of 3,821 men who failed to report are being rounded up. There are others placed in the lower medical category who, after examination, may land In category A. A third and promising class comprises men exempted up to a certain late, or who have failed to comply with the imposed conditions as to occupation.
Some persons aver that the provinces which have done well both inder the voluntary system and un-ler the MSA may not view with equanimity a call for a second class until a greater share has been con rlbuted by Quebec. The needs of increased production at home also enter the situation.
This is the store that can Mtpply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tinware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetrougliing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.
4 Weekly Jevrsil devoted to loom Iqtereets.
Peblliktd every Tkerade y
\{ Shawtillo, County Pontiac, Quo.
The Joy of Home Things Done Over Like New.
«U tsccfWPTiojf, $1 a Year in Advance
All Arrears muet be paid up before ¦my paper is discontinued.
Give us a call
o
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
ADVERTISING KATES.
Legtl Advertising, lOoenla per line for 1st insertion and 5 cent8 per line or each subsequent Insertion
I ; u « I ii e	card* not exceeding one Inch
inserted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcement* ln*erted at thf i of 8 cent* per line for 11 rat Insertion t 3 cents for aubaeqiicnt Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer period* inserted at low ratea which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, mxrrlage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
rate
Ml
Thrifty Home Beautifiers will buy more
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Elephant Paint and Varnieh
this year than ever
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
t'.l kind* of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
of
To Save the Cost
New Things
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
Custom Sawing.
Odd bits of furniture will be varnished with
Varnish Stains
A favorite bed room set, wear shabby perhaps
done over in mahogany.
How the floor will be made to glisten with
Floor Paints. .
No end of intimate things about your home will come into NEW LIFE with a
touching up of
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
• Quk.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
Camprki.i.s Hat Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Ottawa— Monti kal via Short Line : Lv (R) Ottawa Ventral 9.1.\ a. in Lv(B) 44	44 3.10, p. m
Ottawa Maniwaki
Lv (B) Ottawa Ventral 4.40, p. m Lv Ottawa Broad St. 8.23, a. in

S. A. MACK AY
Tuesday, Thursday,
on
and Saturday only.
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.28, a. in. Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 8.55, a. m Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, p. hi Ottawa- Winnipeg—Va ncouv es :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St. 205, a. in.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, — - Que.
a. j. McDonald o. c. i.
Elephant Paints
ADVOCATE, •AIBIITIt, 4c.
CAMPBEI.I.S BAY, QUE.
(Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Ott\w Pembroke
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. in.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. x.00, a. ru. on Monday, Wednesday
The
irid Saturday only
G. F. HOGGINS GO. LTD.
(A) Daily
XoTK
(B) Daily except Sunday
For further particular* apply to
c; A. L TUCKER, Agent, Shawville
((') Daily except Monday
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AO-
A>vooate. Barrister.
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
196 Main St. - Hull.
We own and offer for sale
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI ÎTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
$450,000.00 CITY OF VERDUN
Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted)
Highest Market Prices Paid.
I have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned while you wait, at 10c. per cwt. for coarse grains.
Never in the history ot our country was it more necessary to sow good seed and to sow only that which will grow.
Get your seed ready before the rush. You will need every hour in seed time.
>
6°o Five Year Bonds close March, 1st, 1923 PRICE : PAR and accrued interest.
Will be In Fort Coulouge every Wed lay and Shawville every Saturday.
%ues
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATt j SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Court# and Bu*ineaa in the
District of Pontjac.
N. B.-TEIE CITY OF VERDUN, with its population of .‘10,000, ranks third in importance in the province of Quebec As it is one of the best administered towns on the island of Montreal, its bonds should enjoy a popularity equal to that of the City of Outremont, whose issue of 11,500,000 have just been absorbed by the public in less than two months.
191 MAIN ST.,
More Wheat Than Canada.
I The Ukraine, which is reported to I lave concluded a separate peace with Germany. is a territory of some 850,-)00 square kilometres, one-sixth of Russia's area, and of this total over half—53 rer cent., to be exact—is •armed, the highest European cultivation average, with :be sole exception of France, which has 56 per ?ent. of tier area under crop.
According to the Winnipeg Press, the grain production of this m portant Russian province is greater than that of Canada, and amounts N> one-third of the whole Russian >utput. The Ukraine also produces Ive-sixths of the country's sugar %eets, has fifty per cent, of Russia's mpply of shiep, goats and pigs, and hirty million bead of cattle.
The Ukraine stands In the same Tosltion to the reft of Russia In minerals as in agriculture. Two-thirds >f the country's Iron is mined with-n her confines, one-sixth of the whole world's supply of mangane mportant munition product—and 99 >er cent, of Russia's anthracite. Her )!! wells have been developed by Anglo-American capital.
The Ukrainian copulation in Eu ope Is roughly 30,000,000, of which t5.OOO.OOO are Russian subjects, and hough they have fretted for centur-ee under the Russian yoke, they have no love for Austria, and both late and fear Germany. Should they *tabllab themselves as an entity af-Ler the war and annex the two Ruth ;nlan provinces now held by the dual empire, then Austria-Hungary will Ind herself flanked by an ambitious date little deficient to herself, either in population or resources.
There are a quarter million Uk-
'anians in Canada to-day, some 3.000 ,	«	- ,	.	^	_______
«horn lire In Toronto. Their prieat. | YOU ShOUld S66 OUP illCe aSSOPtmeilt Of TIES
Rer. J. Boyarczuk, predict* that at	rjr-
east 7$ per cent, of them will re- I	I OP /O C6I1LS.
urn to the land of 'heir birth after he war If it remains a republic.
WM. HODGINS.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
Consult your Notary on the Value of this Investment.
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
all KiNne OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plan*, Lines. Boundaries, Ac.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction of parties.
162 Wellington 9t.
Phone : Queen 5230.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE & BOULAIS,
Free
Limited.
Versailles Building, 90 St. James St.
Montreal.
Bankers
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Hvll.
Tel. Main 8745-8746.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public ofthisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
GEORGE HYNES
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Openallhours.
Report of the Girls’ Club of Clarendon and
Bristol, year ended April, 1918.
roost
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
The annual meeting of the Girls' Club was held at the home of Mrs Hugh Young, April 11th, 1918.
The officers elected for the current year were as follows :
President—-Geraldine Armstrong,
Secretary—Gertrude Draper,
Treasurer—Beryl J. Davis.
UNDERTAKING
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
aid EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
The following is a brief report of last year’s work
-RECEIPTS—
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
soiial attention
Yes 1 We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values.
Balance irom last year........................
Amt. realized from concerts, socials and sale of work Membership fees and donations.................
. S 13 45 . 148 64 . 27 63
•189 62
J. L HODGINS
—EXPENDITURE
Amount for Soldiers’ boxes and postage.
Delegates’ ex pense# to Provincial Convention Ex|>ensc8 of concerts and sale of work
Yarn..............
Y. M. C. A. Fund ..
Halifax Fund......
Ambulance Fund----
| 33 38
6 70
AGENT TOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE -	- QUE.
30 33 26 00
lu
5 00
Up-to-date Men’s and Boys’
Co-wear Suits.
Ready-
20 00
A Flag for Verdun.
A Canadian flag, to be hung In the Hotel de Ville of Verdun, France, ilong with the standards of all the üllee, i» being presented by the Association of French War Veterans In Montreal known as Les Sac au Doe, ind will be forwarded to the Mayor >f Verdun through the medium of the Montreal Gazette
5 00
125 41
Balance on hand
Note.—This Junior Clnb of Workers wish to acknowledge the sup jiort and sympathy of the many friends who gave liberallly to the work during the past year, realising that every little effort aids in moving on the great unit of relief.
$64 21
MPTLY SECUR
MURRAY BROS

in all countries. Aik for our INVENTOR'S ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION,
3S4 University few Montréal.
THE TAILORS
SHAW VILLE.


> :
###PAGE###6###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
X>
go U S and
UNN
•U
i
4
: CUT OUT AMO FOLD OH OOTTCO
\
By Andrew F. Currier, M.D.
Dr. Currier will answsr all signed letters pertaining to Health. If your •Bastion Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; 6 not It win be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is enclosed. Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual cases or make dl Dr. Andrew F Currier, oàre of Wilson Publishing Co , 73 ,
Bt. West Toronto

WF
tagnoale.
Adelaide
By Agronomist
Th/s Department Is for the use of our fsrm readers who want the *dv\o# *r expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your quest ,e of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, "tamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a comp • answer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Pub; »n ni Co » Ltd^ 73 Adelaide 8L W., Toronto.
Add
ulcer, and the application of astrln X.—Please say a word about ul- f*nt and stimulating substances, sneers, their cause and effects, and the pecially such minerals as lead, cop proper treatment—if they are re- P*r» mercury and silver, eponaive to treatment I have heard	«‘t	of tin- stomach a
a strict diet ia beneficial in ulcer of »trict diet	ie almost impers
the stomach. What are some of the tlve— that is, the stomach must U symptoms?	*ivfn Juat âa ,lttle work ae P°*"ihle.
ÆS5S5 SSS
the cells, frequently with only slight tendency to get well.
I Tirera.
f
\d'
FACTORS INFLUENCING CROP YIELDS
Oops require nyisture, heat and following an application of manure, food in suitable amounts and proper- The area sown to these cereals, if lions to make rapid, strong growth, seeded down to clover and grasses, Nature «supplies the essentials for will supply a hay crop the third, or crop life and growth, the farmer's task the third and fourth years, and the and problem is to utlize these re- sod turned down, manured if neces-•ources in such a way as to ensure sary, fits the land for corn or roots satisfactory yields. Investigations once more.
conducted at the Central Experiment Such general plan of rotation may al Farm, Ottawa, have led to the con- be modified by such farmers as will elusion that the following factors ex- best suit soil and needs, but some ert a telling influence towards in- such scheme is necessary in order creasing crop production.	that humus, probably the most valu-
Vnderdrainage—«Probably the most able of all soil constituents, be added Important and indispensable where and maintained in the soil, to keep it the rainfall is great,	in good producing shape. Humus
(a)	To carry off surplus water. decomposed and decomposing vege-
(b)	To allow air to enter the soil, table matter is provided in applicate) To aid in raising the soil tern- i tions of barnyard manure, in legume
pc rature.	crops such as clovers and in green
It is equally a necessity in soils manuring crops like buckwheat, where moisture conservation has to be Humus absorbs and holds soil moisture and is a means of raising soil
i
Ï
»
l
\
age
If the ulcer perforates the peri*
, toneal coat of the stomach, there In the latter respect ulcers di er may be serious haemorrhage and even from healthy wounds which begin to	-
get well almost as soon as they are
formed or made.
Ulcers may be caused by injury, by burns, and by poor nutrition of the tissues where they occur.
They may be accompanied with
sloughing or destruction of the tissue,	have thus far	been able to	get very
and perhaps by reabsorption of dead	little	relief.	Is there any	cure for
and poisonous material.	this trouble?
They are often attended with	Answer—I	should imagine, from
haemorrhage and with great weak-	what	you say,	that you are	suffering
ness in consequence of the prolonged from sciatica. There are many things discharge which comes from them,1 for the treatment of this trouble—in-.pike	or	an	old	bolt may	be	u.cd	to |	and	which mean, wa.te of tissue with-	eluding blistering heat bath., maa-
hold	the	chain	in the	other	plank	out	proper strength for repair.	.age and electncity-and sometime,
aftvr it is drawn tight	This is particularly the case with it la necessary to make a trial of all
The team is then hitched to the ulcers which attend such diseases as of them before finding the proper
The first syphilis and tuberculosis.	means of relief.
Ulcers which accompany these dis- A young Mother—My baby, seven are often incurable unless	months old, is healthy and strong, but
found to cure the diseases	cross and fretful and has no teeth.
The treatment	She nurses my breast. Shall I begin
fatal peritonitis.
i
i
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
!

J. H. H.—For two years I have suffered with dull pain on the back of both legs, from knees to toes, and I
:
i
i
i
i
Willie's always up to tricks, Hope the teacher doesn't look; Till we fold him up and fix Ilia attention on him book.
considered. Drainage lowers the na tural water table in the soil leaving temperature since dark soils absorb the soil in shape to absorb rain as it heat readily and rapidly, falls, that is preserved for use of	Manure.—Barnyard manure is most
effective fertilizer and
material
A Home-Made Stone Boat.
/
A very convenient stone boat for furnishes hauling big rocks can be made easi-Fresh jy
crops
On the whole drainage improves the humus forming mechanical condition of the soil and manure gives crop yields almost equal, leaves little to explain assists in influencing the liberation of to those from rotted manure and when 0f two two-inch planks about eight plant food elements.	applied directly it can be handled feet long, with a crosspiece two inches
Plant Food.-—In proper proportions	more	economically with regard to	by six inches, having two three-quar-
for the different classes of crop to be	labor.	Manure should be spread even-	ter-inch holes, 20 inches from centre
grown. This involves the adoption	ly and	incorporated thoroughly with	to centre. This piece is bolted loose-
of a good crop rotation. This rota-j the soil. Applications should be made ly to the planks at one end with five-tion should be a short one, say of 8 in moderate quantities frequently eighth-inch bolts, the heads of which
to 4 years’ duration, and the order of	rather	than in larger quantities at	arc counter-sunk in the undersides,	... ....	...	n,lf	...	,,-
crops is most emportant. Crops	longer	intervals. Apply the manure	0f the planks.	I	v	..
such as corn, roots, potatoes and hay,	for hoed and clover or other hay crops	At	the	other ends	of the planks,	rreshly cooked	potatoes,	put
require large supplies of food from	in a suitable crop rotation which pro-	about	six	inches from	the ends, two-	through a river, or	forced	through a
the soil for stem, leaf and root vides that each field in the farm will inch holes arc bored. A piece of flnv	csn. , U8et in pJace,° •
growth. This may be most easily receive regularly its fair share of chain with a toggle on one end is part of the flour m hatters or doughs, supplied by clover or other sod manure.	j slipped through these holes. The Cold, left-over potatoes may be used,
turned down, or by heavy manuring.! Proper Cultural Methods.-—To make planks are drawn up to straddle the but are not so easily blended as the The cereals, such as wheat, oats and	a good seed-bed requires thoroughness	boulder.	The chain being held in one	hot potatoes,	nor is	the	flavor
barley require less of this food and	in carrying out each step in its pre-	plank	with the toggle,	is drawn tight, finite as gvod
through the hole in the other plank, I	^------
bringing the planks as close up un- Reef can be made more tender by der the boulder as possible. A hook, soaking in vinegar and water.B
The simplicity of this device
chain between the planks pull draws the planks together under the boulder which will ride per- ***** fectly as if on a rigid sled.	| mean* *r«
To unload the boulder, a stone or. which caused them	.
a chunk can be placed where one °f ulcers should be constitutional and , to feed her with any other nounsh-
of the planks may be drawn over it. consist in building up the general con- ment?
The boat will tilt, rolling off the stone. I dition; and also local, which is direct- Answer-Do not worry because of
ed to the sore itself.	the non-appearance of teeth. If they
The first will include all necessary are delayed for a few months, it usu-hygienic measures, comfortable and ally does no harm. If you have suf-well ventilated housing, sleep, exer- flclent nourishment In your breast, cise in the open air, good food, in- there is nothing better for the child; j eluding an abundance of milk, and and if your supply continues, I would perhaps such tonics as cod-liver oil, advise you to nurse the baby through j quinine, strychnine and iron.	the summer—perhaps supplementing
Local treatment includes clean!!- the breast with milk by the bottle if ness and frequent dressing of the the breast supply should fail.
?
generally do best if sown the year 4 paration
Do not neglect to plant gladioli July, for a succession of flowers late every ten days from, say, May 5 to into the autumn.
!
ing a stable in good condition and when the sun can shine on the gut- -ters, the work of keeping the barn sanitary is not so difficult
An easy, quick and thorough way to jngs used for live stock it pays to nr-get the lice off, or keep them off cat- range for plenty of sunshine and it tie is to put about equal parts of wood pays to study bulletins and building ashes and sulphur in a salt sack or literature before using expensive ma-close-wuven gunny sack and hand it terial to experiment with home-made where cattle will run under it, and plans, rubbing against it dust themselves.
Infectious abortion is retarding <• >n farmers in developing a dairy
businNsHHHHHI^m
increase but does not unfit the milk
fur human use although the germ is^ The brood mire that seemg to have
frequently located in the udder. t tjje least trouble and produces healthy ,s a source of great discouragement to aound	and has little trou-
some cattle owners but as yet there ie bk at foaling time] u one which had no way of overcoming it. The animal diseases are a warfare between the microbe and the host and they make a high degree of intelligence necessary in the successful live stock
If it were not for the skill


illllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIBIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlilUllllllllllllü
In build-
A t
mA
1

i
i

I
i
?



It causes losses in the herd
/CANADIANS have good reason to be proud of the position Canada holds in the world today. This pride is justified by the activities of her people, by her unlimited natural resources, by her splendid institutions, and particularly by her Industries.
equalled by another shoe manufacturer anywhere in the world.
This concern, if located in the United States, would rank as one of the twelve largest out of some two thousand shoe manufacturers there.
While the sales of thdargest shoe manufacturer in the United States—selling to the American people—do not exceed twenty-five cents per capita per year, the sales of Ames Holden McCrcady to thé Canadian people last year were approximately eighty cents per capita.
In a comparative sense, therefore, this Canadian greater than the foremost American shoe manufacturer in the United States.
Thus Ames Holden McCrcady truly merit the distinction of their title “Shoemakers to the Canadian Nation.”
Just imagine for a moment the enormous work of supplying a large portion of Canada’s 7,000,000 people with its boots and shoes :
been worked moderately, or has had regular daily exercise H she should have plenty of nourishing food of good quality, especially during the latter gestation period also important that she should be supplied with clean drinking water, groomed once a day and her stable well supplied with fresh air brood mare does best when kept in a box stall. The writer knows of no very good reason why a brood mare cannot be used to do moderate work up to within ten days or two weeks of foaling time thoroughly
with eittfer coal tar disinfectant or white washed with fresh lime wash for her to foal in. kept in this stall for a week before she foals clean
the mare can hide away from other horses seems to be her choice location. Her food supply should be nourishing, but of a laxative nature. A few well-
Of course,
Facts about the immensity of some Canadian industries would astonish most people.
These industries, when viewed in the light of comparison with other countries/are simply tremendous.
The growth of any industry is limited to the number of people it can serve, and that is a fact not often properly appreciated when Canadian industries are compared to similar enterprises in, say, the United States.
For example; the population of the United States exceeds 100,000,000. Opportunity for industries there is almost unlimited.
In comparison, Canada with its seven million population is a small country—yet in spite of this comparatively small population, Canada possesses several industries which in actual size rank among the biggest in the world.
In shoemaking, one Canadian concern has developed a volume of business and a service to the Canadian people which is not
You will be interested in these facts, because the next time you buy footweat bearing the A.H.M. Brand, you. will know that they are the product of a large and efficient organization making shoes which will in every case give you the greatest value for your money. x
—it requires—huge up-to-date factories equipped with the most modern machinery able to turn out 8,000 pairs of shoes a day.
—it requires—a variety of nearly 800 different styles to meet the requirements of all classes of people, for different grades, shapes and kinds of shoes.
—it requires—the maintenance of six large distributing branches in principal cities from coast to coast, and in these arc carried over a million dollars worth of stock, ready for quick delivery to retailers.
It is
owner
which is n sary to fight diseases, almost anyone could be a live stock farmer. Stable sanitation is an important factor in the control of animal dis-
The
eases.
It takes just one dairyman in a community to Start the movement to obtain a community-owned pure-bred bull. In many sections scrub bulls are used because everyone knows that they need a good bull, but no one wants to bother his neighbor with the suggestion of starting an organization.
A box stall should be
cleaned and disinfected
She should be
A dairyman owing forty cows recently said:	“The milking machine
has taken all of the 'sting' out of dairying on our farm. We now obtain more satisfaction in caring for the cattle and save much time." He is the type of a man who has milked cows all of his life and knows the dairy business thoroughly. He is also the kind of a man.who has sometimes been discouraged with the drudgery of milking n large herd of cows. His milking machine has given him quite a little inspiration and as he says, it has helped overcome one of the unpleasant features of dairying on a large scale.
There are many old barns still rendering good service and they have to be used, but it is unfortunate that the value of sunshine os a disinfectant has not always been appreciated. It is the dairyman’s best friend for keep-
The bedding should be A quiet secluded place where
it requires
ixty travelling salesmen to call on the retail trade, because out of approximately 10,000 retail dealers who sell shoes in Canada, more than 5,000 handle A.H.M. Shoes.
concern is
¦
j salted bran mashes or roots will open her bowels. A mare that is constipated sometimes has trouble foaling. When she foals, notice if she cleans properly. The udder of mare should be washed clean before the colt is allowed to suck; this will often prevent the young colt from becoming infected. The navel of colt should be washer with one part bichloride of mercury and 1000 parts water; or one part coal tar disinfectant and twenty parts water, then the cord immediate-I ly painted with one part tincture iodine and two or three parts of glycerine or olive oil two or three times a day until it shrivels completely. It Is not necessary, and sometimes a great mistake to tie the cord. If there is much hemorrhage, it some-j times has to be done to stop the bleeding, but the string should not be left on more than twelve or twenty-four hours. The bowels of the new bom colt are usually costive, but if it is allowed to suck the first milk from I mother, it will usually loosen its bowels, but If not, inject two or three ounces of olive oil cautiously into rectum occasionally until bowels move fairly free. Both the mare and colt should be kept in a warm, dry, clean portion of «table until the colt Is two or three days old; then you need to pay little attention, more than to feed
weather the brood mare that Is running on pasture seldom requires much wsvhlng or special care
—it requires—many, other details of organization and equipment, but this brief outline will give you some slight idea of the part that this great shoe concern is playing in the business of supplying footwear to the Canadian people.

AMES HOLDEN McCREADY
MUSKRATS WANTED
I will pay highest market price# for Rats, Ginseng Root and all other
LIMITE»
11 Shoemakers to the Nation"
TORONTO
raw furs
1
10 years of reliable trading
Union U. of Canada
ST. JOHN
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
EDMONTON
VANCOUVER
N. SILVER
aao st. Paul st. w..
Je

as

* *
X#
K
>. 0
Sure Cure for
H EAVES
V
a
	
1



2Q

Rang"
4,J v . OÀPÎTAT reave rsmedv
L--lorcM.ua Uorio that another men turned uo
starve I cored her with t!>e pow'dem I can prove tills about the old horse, I here her y+t; ibeheen#vvr showed Heaves since."	e
P1HEE TRIAL OFFER
We have each coaid*'no#jg tfcMsetn*!y ¦ that we send a full week's trial free.
1 r
I ladey. reo Mfwt. Ottawa.

ï
B
£
B
S/J
mfflrs

During warm pleasant
X
MONTREAL
FACTORY

r.
*


/

ï
iiiiliiiliiilellliii*
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiibiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii[ih
Apples cored and baked with resins ',«• cores are delicious.
In *
###PAGE###7###
PEERLESS STARTER
ONE RESULT OF-THE WAR.
Could Not Trace Him.

IBW1IINT6
Durinjf the British advance on Jerl-cho an enmy «hell struck an ancient tomb and revealed a skeleton. Investigation by the official archeologists connected with the British staff pointed to the skeleton being that of an historical figure, John of Antioch. < Accordingly a cable was despatched to the War Office in London: “Have discovered skeleton supposed to be that of John of Antioch.”
The War Office replied : “Cannot trace John Antioch. Send identifie*-1 J tion disk.”—

XX
The World-Famous Faaslon May May Never Again Be Enacted.
A Guaranteed Starting System for Ford Care. Sella for $22.50.
AGENTS WANTED
THE MORGAN SALES CO.
115 Yonge Street, Toronto
A
a


SSN
fKQWfmw

V
Oberammergau, the little village in Bavaria that became world-famous as the home of the Passion Play, is virtually a deserted village where sorrow broods. All of its male inhabit- ' ft ants capable of bearing arms have entered the ranks of the Bavarian army, and many have fallen in battle.
Miss Madeline Doty, who has visited the village, In recording her experiences in the Atlantic Monthly relates a conversation that she had with a waitress at the little hoel.
“The town is sad,” we averred.
“Why shouldn’t it be?” she retort-“We have lost so much.”
Every man who uses an I “How many men have gone to the
proud to own one because Lf eighteen hundred.” it is his best friend.	We paused a moment. It seemed
It matiers not how ten- brutal to go on now, but we wanted, der your face or how stiff | information, your beard, the AutoStrop
will give you a clean, com- | right wounded the first year. I don’t
fortable shave in short ! *cnow the number now.”
“Will there ever be another Passion Play?”
She shrugged her shoulders. “How can I tell?” Some of the players and musicians have lost an arm or a leg, and others are dead. The town no longer has any money.”
We pushed hack our chairs and went out into the golden sunshine. No one moved about the streets. It was like model. | _| a village	by a plague and de- Child's Dress.
AutoStrop Safety Razor | "****& War has been a special disaster to Oberammergau. It has dealt a blow at its spiritual as well as its physical welfare.
m




Magic Baking Powder cotta no more than the ordinary Mode. For economy, buy { the one pound tins.
4%
»
y






xxx

For the Spring Wardrobe
MADE IN CANADA

as
XSX

SNSSNN


iwemnr company limited
mm
s
\vvcoNV
mnm Dues
' >
«A»
W.MHfNW
Market Your Maple Sugar.
There is a big market for maple sugar and maple syrup in Canada, the United States and in England. Farmers who can’t find local markets should write to Montreal or Toronto.
Slacker.
He said he’d like to have a chanc# To fight by land or sea,
Yet in an absent minded way Put four lumps in hi» tea.
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
0
True Shaving Comfort
ed.
\
How to loosen a tender corn or callus so it lifts out without pain.
I
ADI EH WANTED TO DO PLAIN A ;md light h#»wing .it home, whole or
work *ent any Hend stamp fur
Manufacturing

"pare time, good pay, diMtum-e, charged paid.
rtlculara. National -.ompany. Montreal.
Let folks step on your feet hereafter; wear shoes a size smaller if you like, for corns will never again mend electric sparks of pain through you, | ** four things her lover, her comrade, her child, and her master.
The Ideal Hunhand.
r-f,
Every woman wants her husband to
_______rOBSALB_____________
EBKLY NEWSPAPER IN WK8T-ei n Ontario. Doing a good bual-Death of owner places It on the A great chance for a man with I Box 82. Wilson Publishing Toronto.
WM
‘There were forty killed and forty-
VV

according to this Cincinnati authority.
He says that a few drops of a drug called freezone, applied directly upon a tender, aching corn, instantly relieves soreness, and soon the entire
nesffH market cash
order.
Apply
Limited.
Millard's Liniment Co., Limited.
(ivntlvmen. 1 had my leg badly • «etej.i, EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER
shrivels up the corn or callus without 1 expected it would be serious-1 Wiuou Publi.hin» < „ . l.td Toronto
even irritating the surrounding tissue, rubbed it with MINAKU S I INI-	miscellaneous
MENT, which stopped the pain and	--------------------------------
reduced the swelling very quickly. I ( JwTtb':
cannot speak too highly of MINARDS out pain by our home treatment. Write
ne before too late Dr. Bellman Medical Co. Limited. Colllngwood. Ont
Co
It is the only razor on the market that sharpens M its own blades automati-|| cally.
Guaranteed to Satisfy
I A small bottle of freezone obtained Simple and attractive is this little at any drug store will cost very little McCall Pattern No. 8068,1 *>ut will positively remove every hard In 5 sizes, 2 to 10 or soft corn or callus from one’s foot
If your druggist hs m't stocked this new drug yet, tell him to get a small bottle of freezone for you from his wholesale drug house.
Complete Outfit
$5.00

LINIMENT.
AT ALL STORES
AMOS T. SMITH.
Price, 36 cents.
years.
Boys and Girls
Port Hood Island.
1	Co., Limited
S3-17 Duke St., •
Grow Hog Fe«l
7
A
Do not Worry About
_fF?

Owing to the shortage cf grains and ensilage, hog feed is scarce in Canada,
Mixed Them Up.
•.The Soldier*» Father.
I’m feeling pretty much alone And lonely, since the boys are gone. They've left me with the hired man To run the farm as best we can.
It's hard, and work is moving slow— But when their duty calls, they go.
So I, like old man Zebedee,
Beside the Lake of Galilee,
Said: “Leave behind your cares and frets;
I’ll stay on here and mend the nets, And keep the tight old bark a swim; You go and follow Him.”

The squad of recruits was parti- ...	,
cularly dense, and the sergeant got “nd American corn is slow m getting
here. Grow plenty of ensilage corn
and make sure
r

, t

Pimples
more and more exasperated. One man
appeared quite incapable of telling his Yourself this summer right hand from his left.	y°ur own ho* feed"
Said the sergeant at last: “Now,yer bloomin' idiot, hold yer hands in front) of yer. Twist them one over the other. I PaV	out-°f town-accounts by
Stop! Now tell me which is yer left Dominion Express Money Orders.
hand and which is yer right.” . Five Uo,lara c08ts three cent<
The recruit looked blankly at his hands for a moment.
“I'm blowed if I know,” he sa id ;
“you have gone and mixed ’em up.”

r
7
Because
MONEY ORDERS.
5"
Cuticura
y
• a x
, m
Will Quickly Remove Them
A rank growth of weeds becomes an asset which ploughed under before they make seed.
50-1-16
»
f

i
LIFE IN THE DEAD SEA.

On rising and retiring gently smear the face with Cuticura Ointment on end of the finger. Wash off the Ointment in five minutes with Cuticura Soap and hot water. Continue bathing for some minutes using the Soap freely. The easy, speedy way to dear the skin and keep it dear.
Sample Each Free by Mall. Addreae pout-card: “Cuticura. Dept. N. Boston, L'. S. A.*r Sold throughout the world.

9
For 20 years
Hendrick’s Comet Magnetos
2
Animal and Vegetable Life Exista The Archbishop of York at Wycllffe
Near IU Shores.	.	..	^#,!e*e\	_	.	..
On his recentrait to Toronto, the
The Dead Sen is not so dead am it Archbimhop of York spent a short has been painted, if we are to believe time at Wycliffe College, where thd a recent lecturer before the Royal Founders' Chapel was the particular Geographical Society, Dr. W. G. Mas- point of hia interest, the larger part terton. He is thus quoted in The of the building being at the present
Kn.V.h Mechanic	World of	fglpTCS
.Wdlahcd.
that the Dead Sea was an abode of undergraduates who are serving death, that its shores were sterile, and wlth Hie Majesty's forces as Chaplains that even birds flying over its water 0f combatants, and the Memorial Roll were liable to fall dead. All these on which are inscribed the names of ideas arc now known to be the reverse two graduates and seven . under-;
irsVe^o SSSTJtkJSSSi	Met attractive I. this dress mad.	Produce is the Call.
•mall fish, crabs, and mosquito larvae intercession for the College and its	“	8 stl Fr,c®> Z® | servlce hls country than the whole
were found, and he had seen fish in I Staff, its students and its graduates. ", ea n' ..	. .. , .1 race of politicians put together.”—
theses. A bottle of water taken from He was accompanied by the Arch- lheSe Patterns may be obtained Swift.
™ wtss Fp4 rr® F E rin -*
p	sa "U. — "	D*,t'w--
Jericho hotels, before the war, there	new College flag was flown in
was a declaration jointly signed the honor of his visit.
same year by over a dozen tourists	------
yiat they saw fish actively swimming
at the same spot. At many spots	cnvei0pe containing $500 recent-
along the shore there are cases in jy was founj jn a letter box in Liver-which acres of reeds and many trees p00]| gay8 a London correspondent, flourished, and at such spots animal	was addressed “For the
life and bird life was abundant.''	¦
Mnard’» Liniment Cures Dandruff.
i
have been firing big and small engine*. Write for particular*
« A Schoolboy's Idea.
A schoolboy's composition: “Winter is the coldest season of the eyar, because it comes mostly in winter. In some place, in auntie’s podes, it comes in summer, then it is not so worse. I wish winter came in summer here, then we could go skating barefooted and make snowballs without getting our fingers frozen. When it snows in summer they call it rain.”
j!
Headrick Magneto & Electric Co.

Indianapolis. lad.
1220 St. Paul St.
.L
*5
ibst
PAIN
eminator
'I
4




I lli ¦ 10
mm »
HHTI
'ill
ii

Promptly relieve* rheumatism.
lumbago, neuralgia, sprains, lame
back, toothache and all similar
troubles. Hirst’s stops the pain!
Sold for 40 years
every household.
or write us.
MUST REMEDY COMPANY. Hara!l»fi.C»s.
HIRST'S Family Salve, U0<)
HIRST'S Pectoral 9,rep of UU Horehound and elecampane. (JSt)
Minard’e Liniment for sale everywhere.
/S*X
••¦I Ileell IN 0
/
\
Should he in All dealer* ~


"Relieve* Stiff Neck
BOTTLE
When you wake up with a stiff neck or sore muscles, strains or
Sloan's Liniment. No
eprains, use need to rub; it quickly penetrates to the seat of pain and removes it. Cleaner than mussy plasters or oint-11 does not stain the skin or
KEEP YOUR SHOES NEAT
I Know.
I know whence you came By love’s own art:
Your home was the peace Of a wild rose-heart.
I know why you smile:
The sunshine lay
On your wild rose-home
For a long spring day. ,
I know why your voice Is sweet and high:
A thrush sang each eve The wild rose nigh.
I know why your cheeks
Are rosy fair:
A petal of pink Is blooming there.
I know that your hands So tiny hold
A love that will live When years are old!
—Arthur Wallace Peach.
men ta.
clog the pores. Always have a bottle handy for rheumatic aches, neuralgia soreness, bruises and lame back. In fact, all external pain.
Generous sized bottles at your druggist, 25c.. 50c., $1 00.
i*
British Treasury Receives Gift.
1
m
shIS
ic
poU
sHÇ£
Treasury.”
One luxury that Is actually an economy is Balada Tea. It yields many more cups than ordinary tea and, besides, has that unique, delicious flavor.
tor y out
HARNESS SAKE
*
•in t
ale
Parsnips do well on land that last year produced potatoes, celery or leeks.

iV
Htli
mil
Lr	Tag- fr -rfll
Sloan's prices not increased 25c 50c $1


IJI
I
A New Kind of Foghorn.
Overcome the worst enemies of leather—water ahd dirt— . I by using
THIS WOMAN
SAVED FROM AN OPERATION
i
The new “fishermanxknight** Sir Thomas Robinson, tells an amusing story, according to an English weekly, about an incident that happened during one of his many journeys across the Atlantic.
A short time after leaving port the ship on which he was traveling ran into so dense a fog that it was impossible for anyone to see more than a few yards ahead. The captain remained on the bridge and took charge of sounding the foghorn himself.
After he had sounded the first signal he heard a foghorn in reply directly ahead.
To avoid a collision he turned the
MSS
beautifler, by squeezing the juice of two fresh lemons into a bottle containing three ounces of orchard white. Care should be taken to strain the juice through a fine cloth so no lemon pulp gets in, then this lotion will keep fresh for months. Every woman knows that lemon juice is used to bleach and remove such blemishes as freckles, sallowness and tan and is the Ideal skin softener, whitener and beautifler.
Just try it! Get three ounces _ of orchard white at any drug store and two lemons from the grocer and make up a quarter pint of this sweetly fragrant lemon lotion and massage it daily into the face, neck, arms and hands. It la marvelous to smoothen rough, red hands.

*********************
EUREKA HARNESS OIL
m
How to Cure
Biliousness
"Lengthens leather life


Softens old harness, leaves it pliable and waterproof, prevents cracking and breaking of stitches, doubles the life of new harness.

Doctor» warn against remedies containing powerful drugs and alcohol. “The Extract of Roots, long known as Mother Selgcl's Curative Syrop, has no dope or strong ingredients | It core» indigestion, biliousness and constipation. Can be haul at any drug store.” Get the genuine. 50c. and $1.00 fipttles.
********************
By taking Lydia E. PinkhanVs Vegetable Compound, One of Thousands of Such Cases.
LEMONS WHITEN AND
BEAUTIFY THE SKIN.
A
Package
MICA
AXLE GREASE
Make this beauty lotion cheaply for your face, neck, arms and hands.
or
i
GrapeNuts
Black River Falla, Wis. —“As Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
saved me from an operation. I cannot sayenough inp of it I suffered organic troubles and my aide hurt me so 1 could hardly be op from my bed, and I was unable to do my housework. 1 Lad the best doctors in Eau Claire and they wanted me to have an operation, but Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound cured me so I did
BInzer, Black River I a .s. V\ is.
just such experiences as that of Mrs. Binzer that has made this famous root and herb remedy a household word
At the cost of a small jar of ordinary cold cream one can prepare a full
"Use half as much as any other"
S

Gives the effect of roller bearings. The mica flakes work into the pores and crevices of the axle and grease holds them there. Mica Grease prevents hot boxes, locked wheels and screeching axles. Saves wear and tear
harness and Best thing on
teaches food conservation.
directly ahead, as before.
"It was very strange; I could not make it out,” said Sr iThomas in telling the tale. “Neither could the captain. He tried again; still the same ‘B-o-o-oP right ahead. The captain was flabbergasted ; and, as for me, I was giving myself a mental shake to pull myself together, when the lookout man forward called out:
It's only the old cow, sir!’
“And so, in truth, it was—the milch cow kept on the forecastle for the use of the ship.”
raise
from
the
Comply with Law


Saves
FUEL SUGAR TIME ' WHEAT



on horses,



*4
&
wagons.
Wheels.”
451
mm

aft

U f


Sold Is standard sistd packages by live


STOPGLARE LENS
IMPERIAL OIL LIMITED
AND
Daylight Night Driving 4 without Glare or Danger
It la
WASTE
Protect Birds, Conservation Plea.
At a time when the largest crops possible are being urged in England the public is advised that starlings and chaffinches kill pests, and that pests prey on the crops, says a London correspondent. A campaign for the protection of birds Is being waged throughout the country as an aid to crops. •
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
au
MPIv
$3
SEND FOR CIRCULAR
FER PAIR ALL 'JIZIG
.00
r^»1
SOLD BY GROCERS.
I 1
euff.n from influnmstion, ulceration,
SsSÇSrS?
and for special advice write Lydia L. Plnkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Ms «
ic «
MICA
STOPGLARE LTD.
s*
Good bread pudding Is made with apples and brown bread.
I-
H A M I LI ON. ON I
ISSUE 17—15.
P D. 7.

###PAGE###8###
PASTURAGE
Ul II A r

m
- J*
The ShawYille Boot aM Shoe Store
By the aeason for cattle and mhvep Splendid gracing all mummer with never failing water supply. A,,p.yb,c"mgoO,^V3oND
llilalul Cornent
a les *
r
43 2
r-r;nir«4:
Mb CDrr'Crr
mi
What Leather Means To a World at War
I

HL

in 1
NOTICE


2W
(
T
I hereby give notice to ni y vus-(omers and the publie generally. that 1 intend closing my Blacksmith Shop on the 1st of May next until further notice.
J. X. RKNN1CK,
Shawville
c

%

If ever there was a
has since been proven, time that a shoe should be made to yield up to the last atom of its usefulness, that time

'

II
l JjJ;
-T*
X
o
O
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
G
is with us NOW.
<

leather, combined with high prices of
for us to handle
\ 8
Scarcity ot
other materials, make it necessary shoes which go farthest, endure longest—as such we
recommend
I
I have just received a ear load of Buggies and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.

Complete Service to Ford
Owners Everywhere
OURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you may I travel is something you appreciate, and being a Ford VJ owner you can get it. You are always "among friends".

The William’s Shoe
J. !.. HODOINS • - Shaw vu.I. K.
For Men, Boys, Youths, and
Little Gentlemen
INSURANCE
The long life of them is not due to chance, but to the quality of the materials that are used in the making of them, combined with high-class shoe-making, so that get out of them the best hit of good.
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout Canada. These are always within easy reach of Ford owners [—for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or
’motor adjustments.
The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of the car itself. Nineteen of the most called for parts cost only $5.40. Just compare this with the cost of spare parts for other and you will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.
COMPAN IES.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Pul or write for Rates and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
users
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
BRECKENR1DOE
cars
FRUIT TREES arjd PLANTS
FOR SPRING PLANTING.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth Mid comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appoint ment to-day.
Local and District.
595
576
770
970
535
Touring - -Runabout •
Coupe
Sedan • • -Chassis - -
THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-ton Truck $760
We need no further introduction than the fact that wc have been in the Nur-business SIXTY ONE YEARS, and
H. IMl*ON\ Xrtiat in Portraiture
Renfrew, Out., April 2d.—Joseph Clotithier, a lineman employed on the Cala bogie and Belgian Mines power transmission line, was instantly killed Monthly afternoon	Presentation.
¦liasi
sent there today.
sen
are now prepared to meet existing conditions by ottering our high grade trees and plants direct to customers ut Rock Bot i « ni I ’ k i s.
Send for our illustrated circulars of hardy varieties which you can order dir- : evt and save the agent’s commission, of which you get the benefit. Our prices will Ih* sure to interest you and all stock i* absolutely first class and true to name
THE CHASE BROTHERS CO. of Ontario, Ltd., Nurserymen.
Established 1857.
F. 0. B. FORD, ONT.
Dealers
Shawville.
Shawville Motor Co.

ithered
old friends and neighbors g unexpectedly with the object of presenting them with a handsome mantel clock and wicker rocking chair, as a slight token of the high esteem in which they are both held in the community.
Mr. and Mrs. Hobbs thanked all present in a few well closen and touching words.
Refreshment were served after a very social hour of music, singing and conversation.
The following address was read by Mr. Dave litxlgins and the presentation made by Messrs. Frank Wilson and Davis I lodgin'* : —
Ontario.
Col borne
Make a home ; beatify a ml adorn ultivate all heavenly charms sing sweeter songs of
it : <
within it: sing sweeter songs ¦ »i love in it; bear your portion of toil, and pain, and sorrow in it; con daily lessons of strength and patience there j '
When you require Printing*
call at
MASSEY-HARRIS
; shine like a star the face of the darkest night over it. High on the pinnacle above all earthly grandeur, all gaudy glitter, all fancied ambitions, set the home interests. Feed the mind in it ; feed the soul m it : strengthen the love and charity, and truth, and all holy and good things within it.
>
on
(The Popular Farm Machinery *
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
THE EQUITY OFFICE



where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
Mr. and Mrs. Hobbs
Dear Friends,— Although you have already left our community and have settled down in your village home, you have not slipjied away unnoticed, and so we have met here tonight to show you we have appreciated to the full your early life spent with us. For two-score years you have been our daily coworkers ; you have been always ready to lend a helping hand—always ready to oblige, and your kindness has made you many friends. When sickness and furrow visited our homes you were ever ready to help, and by your presence and sympathy have oft-times lightened our trials and cares. We feel that it is our duty to tell you, that while with us you have nobly done your duty, and by your actions and kind words have shown us that you are workers in God’s vineyard And so we ask you to accept this clock and chair as a small token of our g<>od will and wishes to you both.
As this cl«x.k counts the minutes and hours of your lives in your new home, may they be such quiet, happy, healthy hours as you are lioth worthy of after your years of toil on the farm. And when you sit down to rest in this chair, which has friendship s ties attached to
it, may pleasant thought* float back b> Field Root and Vegetable Seeds your early life with us and the many happy times we have met together.
And may you be spared many years and enjoy good health and contentment, is the wish of—
A Box Social was held on Friday night, at No. 4 School, under the auspices of the Clarendon H. M. Club, at which was realized the sum of $114.90. While this result api>ears very gratifying, it is said the promoters would have been better satisfied with half the amount taken in, if they could have repoited “good behaviour on the part of some of those who were present. On the contrary, they regret to say that quite the reverse was the case, the conduct of some parties being odious in the extreme. Surprising some of the around No. 4, didn't throw the hoodlums out.

Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors
»
Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us.
Rain Coats
men
The rainy season is about to begin. Are you prepared for it with a Rain Coat to keep you dry ?
Court of King's Bench, Bryson
R. J. HAMILTON
Bryson. Que., April 24—The jury trying “ Tops y " Frost on a charge of shooting with intent to commit murder, last night returned a verdict of shooting with intent to do bodily harm. The evidence in the ease went to show that Frost tired two shots from a gun at Arthur (ïülies a neighbor, without any apparent provocation.
For the defence it was advanced that Frost, Lillies and some others had been at a dance, and that Frost was very much under the influence of liquor. On the other hand, Jules Lachance, a young who was working near the scene of the shooting, gave direct evidence as to seeing Frost aim at (sillies and fne two shots.
After the verdict had been rendered, Frost pleaded guilty to a further charge against him of setting fire to Gillies' house. Sentence will be passed at the end of term.
Office and Warerooms
A stitch in time saves nine, may ta an old saying, tut very true We refer this to our rain coats. With a Dover Rain Coat you are protected from spoiling your good clothes and catching colds and ty having one you are taking no chances on either of the above.
You will like the coats we are showing in Paramattas, Gabardines, Tweeds, and Poplins for both men and ladies. The prices are very reasonable, from $5 00 to $18.00.
Drop in soon and look over the range. We you it is a pleasure to show them and know
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK


Pay ef Our Marine Chapa.
The pay of officers and crews of vessels in the American merchant marine Is as follows : Captain, $250 a month ; chief officer, $140; second officer, $130; third officer, $120 ; chief engineer, $100 ; first assistant engineer, $140; second assistant engineer, $180; third, assistant engineer, $130; carpenters, $75; boatswain, $70; oiler, $00; coal passers, $50. In addition to the regular wages the officers and men now receive bonuses, which materially Increase their earnings.
to grow this year.
The seed survey just completed by the Seed Branch, Ottawa, indicates prospective shortages for the season of 191:*. Certain kinds and varieties are short for this spring’s seeding, but taking into consideration surplus stocks of other kinds in dealers’ hands and all the anticqiated deliveries of this seasons seed crop, the shortage will lie much more pronounced next spring unless many farmers and gardeners produce seed this year to meet their own and their neighbors’ requirements.
In districts where the seed can be grown successfully, suitable stock- of swede turnip, cabbage, pirsnip, garden beet, carrot, onion should be j dan ted out this spring ; and this season’s crojis of the best garden beans, tomato, lettuce radii ish and sweet corn should be allowed to ripen their seed or varieties which are liable to cross with each other should lie planted half a mile apart.
/With the high prices prevailing, field root and vegetable seed growing should lie very profitable. Write to Publications Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa, for copy of Bulletin No. 22, Growing Field Boot, Vegetable and Flower Seeds in Canada.
Your Friends and Xkiuhbou.-Clarendon, April 18th. lain.
man
Potato Growing Made Easy.
So great was the demand for the recently issued bulletin on Potato Cultivation, written and edited by the Dominion Horticulturist, that a jiopular edition of 10 pages lias been prepared and can be had free by addressing the Publications Branch, Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. As an aid to the is*ta to grower, o«iK'cial!y to the less experienced and the beginner, this bulletin, which is numbered 90, should prove invaluable, in plain, terse language practically all that it is necessary to know is told about the prejmration of the soil, the subsequent planting and cultivation of the potato, the protection from insect and diseases and the digging and storing. A list is given of varieties re collided for different dictriet* in
VlELLETTB SENTENCED To HAND.
Bryson, Que., April 27. —The itirv trying the ease of Auiielle Viellette with murdering Paul Miron and his son, has returned a verdict of guilty, after being out foi three quarters of an hour. The prisoner was then sentenced to be hanged in the common jail at Bryson on June 28. The evidence in the case was considered by Mr. Justice Weir to be conclusive.
A* sentence was being pronounced upon him Viellette collapsed in the box. He was revived by several doctors present, and the judge concluded the passing of the sentence while the prisoner remained in a sitting posture.
An old River Pilot Passed Over
There died at Fort Francis, Ont,, on the 20th instant, Alex. M. Robertson, who in the early days was a fanion» river pilot on the Ottiwa He was for many years foreman for Allan Grant, of Kin burn, and was the first river pilot to run a mb of timber over the Government slide at Hocher Capitaine (De» Joachims). Ho was 74 years of age, and in survived by his wife at Mine Centre, Ont., and by a sister. Mis» Bella K. Holiertaon of Pembroke. The deceased was a son of the late Surveyor Robertson of Fitzmy Harbor, who surveyed Clarendon and other tow nships in this county.
assure
you will enj oy looking them over-
The kinds
Thank you.
Will you call soon ?
ARCHIE DOVER
every province.
