###PAGE###1###
O
vtNo. 7, 37m Year.
S H AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
AUGUST h, 1018
31.00 A YEAR IN ADVANLT
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED IH74
The Road to Independence
A
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
4,750,000
Trouble cornea to all of us at one time or another.
The man with a snug bank account, is fortified against the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune".
It is the duty of every man to lay aside something for the inevitable rainy day.
Open a Savings Account today- and take your first step along the road to
Independence.
I
04 Branches In Canada
Goods Now Wanted
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Black burn.
Sir George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Gecrge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle
John B Fraser Vice President Alexander Madaren M. J. O’Brien.
Hon. Sir George H Perley E. C. Whitney
Asst General Manager ;
H, V. Ctinn.
• Chief Insptctor
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
Binder Twine Paris Green
William's Fly and Insect Destroyer
Machine Oil Axle Grease
Ice Cream Freezers Fruit Jars Butter Crocks Chicken Feed A few bags first quality Door, Window Screens Corn at $3.00 bus.
i
THE MERCHANTS DANK
Head Office : Montreal. OF CANADA.
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, ouYON BRANCH.
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH BRISTOL BRANCH. • . ‘
Established J 864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager A A REID. Manager • D. L. WILLSON. Manager, C. E. SHAW. Manager.
Let us supply your needs
We will do it right.
ty Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Robt. Lawton and children,
Derry pickers are on the job °f Ottawa, are visiting her father these oiaya, securing their supply Mr. Win. H. Hodgins, in town, for preserving purposes.	Mr. and Mrs. F. Troke and little
A new switch board has been ^tighter, ot llt*nfve\v,were week-installed in the Central which **** visitors of Mrs. Woodley, necessitates a great deal of changes	Mr. and Mrs. Albert Blackwell
in the phone lines in town.	and daughter, Muriel, of Beth une,
the home of Mrs, J. B. Corrigan I Miss Grace Campbell, Pembroke
on Wednesday, Aug. Hth ftt -	ttUDt’ M,'ST More than m MU,lents from other local
v- m>	|UaCK Menem.	I college, hare in the paat Joined our claw-
You no Men, Are you going West | Mrs. Josey and little daughter, I Names ami addresses are available.
" sss»
I n always the lowest.	| Dr. Kenneth McDowell, Ren- ing. English. Coi pondence
frew	Send Tor circular.
HHiI	burg, spent the week-end at
Pictures of home folks carry warmth | parental home here, and comfort to the heart of a soldier Make an appointment to-day.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa. Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographers. For the past yeay
the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 1M every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the do mauds are now doubled.
J. H. SHAW.
Our instruction is individual, and the school is open duiing the entire year; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not
Canadian Food Board License Numhei
84503
COWLING
OTTAWA,ONT. - — J
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Kali Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
W. A. HODGINS
etc
P. E. Smii.ey
W" E.Gowlino, II. G. W, Braithwait President
D. E. HENRY. President. Cor. Rank andSoaiks Sts
Principal
Mr. nnd Mrs. J. W. End vs mid family are occupying the Wilson Cottage at Green Lake for the re 1er of the
SHAWVILLB
Don't Forget—That we arc as usual Headquarters for Harvest Mitts and Gloves—best makes at right prices.
P. E. Smiley.
H. IMISON,
Artist in Portraiture. | nmuu
EXPERIENCE
season
vs
The work meeting of the Shaw-ville II. M. Club wifi be held at the
Mr. nnd Mrs. Frank Seldom of P * # u w u^j •	, Pontiac, Mich., are at present re
A goodly number of ShRwville- The Misses Ixmila and Erma h*yin* operatrons. Although the ksslon Ites attended the patriotic con- Armstrong, Hell Caldwell, Alva 11 °V'V1/ ,lg lt| t M’^ihty is re cert at the Presbyterian Church. Turner and Annie Wainman, spent 11HU t< (1 to l)t- ver>' Kotx**
Elmside, on Monday evening, and the week-end at the Howard Cot enjoyed to the full the very ex-1 tage, Green Lake, cel lent program presented. The event was favored with a large attendance.
EXPERIMENT.
Machinists are trained by practical Blacklists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we havp the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 43%. This year to date is even better. Still Employers* Demamls Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
Gillies Bros., Limited of Brae* side* have work for a few able
Mrs. Harris, of Toronto, who for|m*niii their saw mill or lumber the past two weeks has been visit- vard. Good wage-. Steady work.
the Rev. F. W. K. Phone or write William Douglas
K
ing ner son	.	__
Last Sunday — “ Remembrance Harris, of Bristol, returned to her Superintendent Day ” tin* fourth anulveraary of |home on Monday.	|	—
Great Britain’s entry into the war, was observed in the churches here by special services, at which sermons befitting the occasion were preached.
Marriages
Mr. and Mrs. I). J. Woods nnd son, Victor, of Ottawa, spent several days in town last week, visiting at Mr. R. G. HodginV and Dr. O'Hara’s.
N, I. HARRISON,
¦¦
Ottawa. Ont

McDowell—Shirley
Willis College

llliil iliiPlSSi£ggï
likely not go overseas for some time.
A position for every Wills Graduates
K. McDowell, of McCord. Sask. Rev. G. W. McCall, of Smith’s Falls, was the officiating clergyman. The attendants were Miss
Brown Optical
4 Pieces Dress Goods marked 35c. per yd., now worth rçuch more. This is one old tinqe bargain- Priced for August 23c.
Mrs. W. A
Cohen and son
TwiaTH.
iV i “u 11 at xvL |U,mf	of Mr. and Mrs. A. Dover at Green
Hugh Ross on Wednesday, Aug. Lake last week.
would like discussed at some fu- cently removed to town and have ture meeting. Don't forget the j taken up residence in Mr. Hynes supplies for soldiers’boxes.	| dwelling on Main St. ¦ •	' ' I
COMPANY, LIMITED ,
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Moffitt—Hodgixs.
A pretty but quiet wedding
Howard Moffitt, of Bladworth.
Sask., and Miss Emma Leith, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles G. Horigins, of Blad worth,
Mr. Norval Kilgour received a Master Sammie McCallum, The Sask.. were joined in matrimony bad shaking up last week while Equity 8 delivery boy is taking a The Rev. Wylie C. Clarke, officiât raking hay on his farm a short few weeks off, and is spending his mg.	, .
b&>TS.<te. %% .w&az&'&T.'a:
posed to have been startled by bees on the job arçain and hope he en- groomsman, and Miss Ethel F. 2500 miles. Apply at once to G. A. How-stinging him, running over some Joyed his visit.	Moffitt, sister of the groom, assist- ai;i>, Shawvil|e*e*eÉÈjj***jj
rough ground Norval fell off and Pte Harvey McLarnon, son of	bridesmaid.
the rake passed over him. Al- Mr. Edward McLarnon, of Clar- Î!ril,? ^remony, the young FOR SALE-S.x foot Dcering Binder
hE	Kcl%T*:	z	^ -•
mMmiimm .uii
or arrange for harvesting the crop. San. H. L. McDowell, who for a the West on Tuesday morning.
We understand he succeeded in number of years past has been Miss Eursula Belsher is the g
selling the property. Clarence I located in R. C. and who a short of Miss Marguerite Harnett at cjire of bov 4 vears old7 willing to go to
Eades is one of a very large num-J time ago came to Brockville with Norway Bay this week.	AnolrToMrs s I ' vGp^ru^gdu
ber of yoiiiur r«nm*r. in the West, «.«-Mon of Kojin..,, to ......	M„„. $2Sq“m"'s1' M“k”'1 ”*»
asijf, isrt w'œ-“ as &y*ii ^ «•
ix>rt for military service. He is H T. McDowell, and secured a	#	„ . .
now in training in a western mill- few days' leave last week to visit , • a Ai .	H origins
tary camp.	his home after a long absence.	£nd daughter, of Ottawa, have
J 1	I been visiting their relatives in
The Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Tripp of !	and Mrs. McNaughton and 8hawville and vicinity.
their absence the pulpit Equity a call. After several Masters Willie Wilson, Kenny
####=## Sip
patriotic address—His Religious the city Saturday afternoon to Smith s halls, were among the heart disease, from which he had hxiwrience at the Front, and the visit Moreheadand (oilfield friends many |>eople who made a brief been affected for some time. I Rev. H. G. Brown, of Portage du coming via the Wakefield and visit to Shawville on Monday, Following the receipt of the sad hurt, will Preach morning and Wolf Lake roed which is said to which was observed as a civic ,10ws Messrs. Chas. and George evening on the 25th Inst., and Zion he a better motor route than the holiday in Otta wa and other place» Waioman left here same evening at 2.80.	1 front road via Quyou aud Aylmer. ^ the Ottawa \ alley.	( for Watertown.
Colonial Cljambrays Dress Ginghams Oxford Cinglants Special Shantung Silk
552 St. Catherine West
20c. per yd,
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
22
II
25
II
90
II
best wishes of their many friends for a lmppy and prosperous future.-Com.
F. S. Black Cotton 20c
per yd
FOR SALE—Square Chickering Piano, in Rood condition—a bargain at $100.00. Apply 4flfl McLaren St., Ottawa. Phone Queen 4583
Is the best value—a real cracker jack,
72
, Miss Eursula Belsher is the guest	WANTED—A young girl to take care
a short |of Miss Marguerite Barnett at I %%°°	“
A few 15c. Prints. Secure a few yards, you won’t buy them at this price again.
WANTED-At once-house work. Apply to ing. Shaw ville.
-girl to do general Mrs. J. L. liodg-
MONEY FOUND—In Wm. McDowell s berry patch on July 20th, a sum of money. Owner may have same at Wm. Chisnell's by describing property and paying for this notice.
We are offering Special Bargains in all lines of Dry Goods this month. It will pay you to buy your fall requirements now.
Durm
will
&
W. A. HOGGING
*
Canadian Food Board License Nvmber
83551
###PAGE###2###
Cream Wanted

A Positive Luxury in Infusion TROOPER O^F FIRST^
sSgSSfSS*
Dairy ai
Il Weet
M
Pure Tea, without admixture . . . of Any Hind, foreign to its growth.
Oo.
743-6 Kins

FROM MONS TO LA BASSE IN THE
BIG WAR.
DESPATCH RIDING
!
Acrobate en Wheel* Who Carry On
SIMPLE SANDWICH KILLINGS.	,Mld Ga, and ^heUe.
Sandwiches are in eut-h constant de-, away, is very peasant nnd refreshing	,	, try des*" ................ EH£'EEHHE;EEHraB£nS»*
Of the first British army of .5.000 welcome. The following suggestions room, on the table linen, etc.	IfftI1 off 1 1	«nmlne In
men sent to Franco only about GuO may prove useful:	l Other odors which flies don’t relish scream o a p ie	miracles of
survived contact with the enemy.	Green Butter.—Fresh, or green, but- are those of geranium, mignonette, your direction, ant	effort
One of these survivors is < orporal ter makes an excellent foundation ma-' heliotrope, white cloves, honeysuckle contort on are per	ditch
Tom Haines, now working In Phtla-, teml. Beat half a pound of new, un-	and hop blossoms.	^ flnd	protection in a	bu-uk
j delphht shipyards.	salted butter to a cream and add a	A French scientist	claims	that	flies	f‘111 °	*u er	.	H	#or	Ht»
! Haines was invalided out of the mer gjn uf thick cream that has been	have an intense dislike for	blue,	and	dodged	shells	i	..	ig	a
1 vice after receiving severe wounds , whipped stiff. If the butter is to be	that rooms decorated	in this	color are	j months	up mo	«	..
mnd has been doing his bit lu the used alone, add a little salt, mustard much more likely to he free from these past master in io	^ dlpad.
shipyards for several months.	and Cayenne pepper; otherwise, leave dangerous insect pests.	,xvn H ll® 1
reminiscences have entertained thous- ; unseasoned. Chopped parsley, Another good way of getting rid of CHVPTFR XV (Cont’d.)	ed forward, not an instant too soon, ands of the ship workers. Here they chives, mint or nasturtiums rubbed flies is to mix a tablespoonful each of
.	! / i i.	Even as she gripped the hand of are. in part, as he wrote them:	into green butter make a savory cream, black pepper and brown sugar.
Julietta took ro <	* '	Clay, who	pulled after him the figure -it	was in the district of Mons that	8andwich	filling. Water cress makes	Put this In a saucer and darken the
Uncle Jim " she said, her	of n',rt. the mail} bVdy	?f the ,da1m;	1	my baptism Into real battle. It	another good combination with the	room, except for the one window in
voice trembling a little, ‘that—that [at.aily x'eak,iM*d h?K	• wa8 the fir8t tlme tl,al 1 had ever butter. Pick the small, green leaves which the saucer is placed.
I was	right in thinking as	1 did about ,c*	oat	A ‘ thre!	heard a big shell In the air, and I	from the	stems of a handful of water	Pyrethum powder furnishes anoth-
you.	Auntie seems to	think that	'nirirlcif	un the ^stvvu	side to bé	shall	never forget it. \ou cannot see	creS8 and	chop them in a wooden chop-	er effective weapon to use against flies.
Maggie has no right to call this	place	pulled over the	brink bv	Wurrell	and	the	shell, nor any smoke, but you can	pjng bowl; then mix them with un*	Burning	a	little of	this	stupefies them
her home, but I think	she's mistaken.	pean	hear a shriek which reminds you of	seasoned green butter in the proper-	so that	they	can	be	swept	up	and
She extended the	paper to	Mrs.-	Q(jdly vnough Andy Burt	was	the	the	kind of a yell a woman would lot	j tion of one part butter and two parts	burned.
<iulet	, . j	,	first to recover	himself.	out	if she was being strangled—only	cre8S For a refreshing fruit-and-!	-
¦¦¦¦¦¦
He rose, but Julietta caught him in “Did—” he licked his lips nervous-	they are well browned salt them gen-; sugar must be saved by individuals in iHlsv running nwav from our airmen
a swift, vigorous hug.	ly and went on: “Did ye see Jake Rob-	French Finds Way Out.	j erously on a platter. Next, put them thcir homes.	to worry us much with low machine-
A little after eight that evening bins? He went by us down there. “At one place the whole Fifth Divi- through a food chopper, twice with the Candy manufacturers have had nre from above
¦is bée;	mm
losing no time in presenting it to low envelope.	the men out of the pocket without the ready to use the mixture, stir two of gugar-	of any gg8 |n the vicinity uijlll bn
Andy Burt.	1 Julietta took the telegram, and felt loss of a single man. He had us file tablespoonfuls of thick cream into a These measures have been as effee-	at the *nd of my Journey, I
"You do the talkin’, Thorpe," said as though a cold hand had clamped out In a single line during the middle teacupful of it.	tive as was expected. But more is f0und everyone with gas masks on.
Dean grimly.	.	»P°n her heart With trembl- of the night. By this movement he Vegetable Filling.-Many common H,ked of thp individual In the way of By thal Ume there was enough of It
have ye?’*	time your Vncle Paul wins. Helen	Abuse and miseries of tho (.erinan	spread for sandwiches. Lima beans,	«n ^oa nn<j coffee 0r at least confine
“Eh?" queried Clay “The dam?	Drake and I were married this even-	prison camps.	run through a sieve to remove the	ourse|ves to one level teaspoonful. It
What dam?”	ing. We are leaving immediately for	‘ The Germans outnumbered us at	skins and mixed with canned tomato	wjjj als0 help if we cut in half our
“Why. about ten minutes ago a man	Honolulu. Wire us congratulations	this time five to one. Out of the 75,000	SOup, make another good filling. Still	customary aiiowance on fruit, cereal*
come in with word that somethin’ was at Frisco.	j men who comprised our first army in another is cucumber chopped with the \	'
E1HE7HB
....	W	N„ FiHinfs M„. r.U„,i.,
of Cottonwood Creek. The four men cried Mrs. Wurrell.	l!n to the very outskirts of Paris. At	Sandwiches.—For	chopped	chicken
glanced at each other; then, without a Julietta shook her head, and slowly	this point General Foch, now the com-	sandwiches	mix	two	cupfuls	of	fine-
word, Clay went leaping down the rose.	| mander of the Allied armies on the chopped chicken with one cupful of
steps, sprang into his car, and was	“What—" she paused, then a smile western front, started the famous taxi- crisp cabbage and two green peppers
gone.	j broke over her face, and the color cab mobilization of the French re- or canned pimentos. Combine that
Leaving the startled housekeeper	flooded into her cheeks. W hat did	serves. After a two days’ battle tne	w^h French dressing of oil and vine-
crying vainly after them, the four	you say the Thorpe ranch numbed	French, British and Belgians defeated	j p.ar Another new filling is made of
seemed deserted in the moonlight, andi	the Germans dug In behind prepared
the car leaped forward madly. j	OUTRANKED.	defenses
“Take chances!” roared Jim Wur-j	- . .	solutely new in the line of warfare
re 11 from the rear seat. “That there ! Mar, under present	conditions, is	ft	and waR the start of the trench system
Robbins means dirt, Dean. Burt was great social If \eler.	The son of	s	whicli was soon used so extensively
a fool fer goin* off with him—”	| well-to-do family had recently entered yn both sideg
The rest was lost in a wild bounce service as a private, says the Toronto of the car. Dean “took chances.”, Saturday Night, and was spending his Then, with a suddenness that was Christmas leave at home, startling, they swerved around a bend into the great bowl under the reser-
down on his
Survivor of the First 75.000 of Daunt

Hit Thrilling Experiences
w *

has the reputation oî nearly a quarter of a century behind every packet sold

Runaway Julietta
cover.
the following story shows.
vantages, as A despatch rider on leave was walking along a Ixmdon street — motor tire went off Just ahead of him. By natural Instinct he sprung down the open trapdoor of a bakery close by, and landed In a tub of yeast which cooling In the bake house
Bv Arthur Henry Gooden
when a
He
was
finally got free of the mixture Just In
time to return to France.
Among civilian# at home 1 find a widespread belief that "out there" rule# of the road are unknown
Since our enemies In the
This

day

Ordinarily we use far
iV

*
will not hurt any of us to do with less
onion
k
Pi
Community Canning.
The Women’s Institute of Ontario has made arrangements for several community canning centres in the province this year. A remarkable record was made last year by the Park-hill Canning Centre, which donated, for shipment overseas and local military hospitals, $4,500 worth of canned goods, and the Ontario Department of Agriculture has worked out a concrete plan similar to the-one tried at Park-hill last year mittee appointed by the executive of
>
fjy*
[PESE, w
_JTE
*?0«T SOAP 0
a
This was something ab-
Good-bye To Flies.
It has been discovered that flies sensitive to certain odors
s
In each case u com
best (jou can <jet
are very
and that they will take pains to avoid the local Women's Institute will be ini places where they prevail.	charge. The Provincial Government
Lavender is one of these odors. Buy Institute, through the Branch will pay 6 cents' worth of oil of lavender at for the equipment, will send a demon-the drug store, mix with an equal strator to assist In starting the work : amount of water and spray from a and will render further assistance as common glass atomizer in places occasion demands from time to time, w-here flies collect.	Further information may be secured
This odor, which flies find so ob- by writing to the Institute Branch, noxious that it quickly drives them Parliament Buildings, Toronto.
Boche Bullet Got Him.

1 lost most of my accouterments: His mother, returning from a walk packs and overcoats were thrown
espied a figure In the aside in the heat of the battles; and
we came away with little more than she said to her son, rill es and ammunition. In a little vil-
with hlm kitchen with the housemaid
voir, and Dean bore brakes.
Floo	h moot. 1 every inch	e	„ .	,	.	...	_
of the scene was powerfully distinct. “Mary’s got some one in the kitchen, lage on the way I had seen a German
Ahead lay the cars of Burt and Clay, She knows perfectly well that I don’t cavalryman laying dead on the steps
tenantless.	To	the	right	the	canon	allow followers.	I wish you’d go and	of a house. As my shoes were worn
dropped steeply	into	the	water-trickl-	(en t|ie man to	leave the house at	away and my feet were sore and bleed-
To the left the bowl sheer- once »»	lng from the constant marching I
Clarence duly	departed to the kit-	determined to have a new pair of ; ,nJ£e	°{>en*	1R
Ln	chen. but he returned somewhat hast!-	boots. I pulled them off the German	°n	June	15,
and arrived in camp with a pair of “but I practically new German cavalry boots i on, much to the amusement of my
“Clarence,”
a.



«fey

b
LOVE’S PRESENCE

S3
tlon, so I determined to take a chance
1915, I got my discharge from the army. I then returned to England and worked In the arsenal at Woolwich until coming to the United States, in October, 1915
uflv etc. Wâiwwi
mg gorge
ed up to the white concrete dam, and its brink, sharply silhouetted black against the sky, was the stooping figure of a man.
“It's Jake!" cried Wurrell as he
leaped from the car.
Julietta had turned to the right,! perhaps by instinct. There, below not?" them in the - filtering light of the moon-speared gorge, appeared the figure of Clay Thorpe stooping over a bound and motinless figure—Andy Burt
i-’-x ike Neliee's food
Into the darkened, shabby room,
Love softly makes Its way;
The dusky walls burst Into bloom, Aglow the corners gray:
So true it is Love ever brings Rare beauty to the plainest things.
Into the wan, discouraged face Love smiles; the lines of care Are smoothed as by some mystic grace The eyes hold courage rare:
So true It is Love ever clears The bitterness from hopeless tears.
on
ly a few moments later.
“Sorry, mother/' he said can’t turn him out."
“Can’t turn him out? Why on earth | comrades
<pud

Deliver'd <h*rgee
Itx
*
“My first real accident was at Mis sey. The German artillery had opened fire and one of their shells hit a
0 to Be Young in War Time
“He’s my sergeant!”
LJ wee $3 25
0 to be young in war time And bear the sword of flame,
e*«iSilH;
' tirelo* of him,elf. craving only «« hi, inqul„t,ve mind «topped and
srssjr msjnss. **•»« ¦«« w. = ^
Luring Andy Burt, leaving him bound for the village, my good man ;
In the gorge below the dam, Rob- “Tin years, sor.” bins had then gone to execute his “Ah, how many loads do you take task above. The waters which had in a dayt” made Burt’s fortune, which had caus- «From tin to fifteen, sor.” ed bo much wreckage and bitterness „Ah , Now \ have a problem
was a dull, earth-shaking roar, and his thumb backward toward the river Julietta, flung to the ground, knew ‘ and replied that the dam had been dynamited. | “All the For a long moment she could not now sor>”
She heard the awful rush of
church steeple near where we were
E. T. WRIGHT GO
HAMILTON A
A Considerable Amount
•j m
“Stop him! ed Julietta.
b
4
#

O to be young in war time When heart and hand keep pact, When aught but blows are useless To make the dream a fact.
For wishes are for gray beards,
But only youth can act!
O to be young In war time When earth has blossomed red. To quaff he nectar only And leave the lees instead,
For age is for the living,
But youth Is for the dead!
4
4
4
the way of a bullet which finally took me out of the firing line. During the middle of the bayonet charge we had fallen to the ground, as was our custom, and taken a shot at the coming Germans. 1 was Just In the act of rising when a bullet struck me in the right eye, passed out below my ear, tore a piece out of my shoulder and dropped me like a log.
"Eventually I recovered consciousness sufficiently to crawl forward and drop Into a trench, which fortunately had been captured by the British. The battle was still going on. I lay there in the mud at the bottom of the trench until early In the morning. A comrade seeing my foot move pulled me out from beneath a couple of dead men and gave me a little aid, such as he could. As the trench was being shelled heavily I realized that I would soon die unless I got out of that post
4
Me w
0fct*le
PIMOS


t
>
HP HE Pure, rleh, mellow 1 tone, end the sensitive responsiveness ef this famous Instrument combine to lift It high above the commonplace. It. Ic a piano that will maintain Ha enduring ohàrm for generations.
4
'
Nicaragua's most important exports coffee, gold, hides, bananas and
cabinet woods. HHHÎHflMHHHl
have fallen off in the last few years.
For greasing baking pans a bowl of one of the cheaper greases, unsalted drippings or one of the butter substitutes may be kept in the ice box with a small flat brush in it. This brush need not be washed every day, but when it is washed a strong soap lather and soda should be used so that it may be thoroughly cleansed.
are
Exports of rubber
water yez don’t see there
4
move
the descending torrent as it thund ered down into the gorge, snapping trees, hurling boulders, a mighty, leaping, white-maned flood. Then, as *nd “Caesar," were turned up near she darted to her feet and over the Corbie by Australian troops edge of th* slope, she saw below her
'	Stn:*g i« M: piling’ '"".nu,
Old Roman Coins In the Trenches
Georgian Model, $500 00
THE WILLIAMS flAMO CO., LIMITED, 03HAWA, OUT.
Canada’s Oldest and Largest Plano Makers
Roman pennies Inscribed "Nero"
4
who
digging trenches on what was • an old battlefield.
were
l
foamy waters.
###PAGE###3###
Alive.
That I should be alive! Who loved so well
The beautiful lands spread greenly out for me,
The friendliness of strangers, and the spell
Of the safe, salty sea!
Only to dream of that untroubled deep,
Would I forever sleep!
57bs*t/ïe


SM
BOVS.® GI





st



ÿm *
EMBfc
>
IM

wmr

X4


f
¦

7

1 /


/*

¦a
R ••	*v.
% ^ ?%?	: :>*frvf 7^w

/
y

«###
•w *¦
That I should be alive! When hushed in death
Are singers who could all the world entrancel
When youth and joy and beauty lie beneath
mm

I







• ZI" T vi
i bed the nest of Robin Redbrest last spring," retorted Reddy Squirrel, j So they scolded and argued and call-each other bad names until, of a sudden. they heard a hoarse “Caw! tsw! The violets of Prai '
| caw!" overhead. They looked up and, Oh, I would give the dull days that saw Hlackie Crow sitting on the limb remain of a dead tree that stood not far To bring them back again.
The Thieves.


One day when Reddy Squirrel wns searching round an uprooted tree for some food that he hud hidden there in time of plenty, a sudden cry of “Thief! thief! thief!” came to his ears paused in
round, but there was no living creature
MM	3:„r Æ. S. J
rel about ?”
Both Johnny Jaybird and Reddy
It is not strange that Reddy Squir- Squirrel hurried to the dead tree as, lnJ!?,red mt*n who out of chaos led rel felt hurt. True, he sometimes fast a.s they could go, and each began *b(î maddened times of old; took things that did not belong to	to tell his story. Bluckie Crow list-	! who left the costly legacy
him, but just now he wns hunting for	ened patiently while the two chattered	()f l iberty—to me!
3 2*5 h5J*i,.h;,riSi.‘	*r i - %» - * ^ ^
There was a flash of blue through the	Johnny Jaybird could not deny that	^	fee^|c	car|	jvp	Deer again feed in the glades of the
tree tops over his head, and then	he began the quarrel when he came	T .	...	.	.. '	M	P	Forest of Argonne, despite the hurri
Reddy Squirrel knew that it was flying into the forest and called small part	cane of shells that may fall but a few
Johnny Jaybird who had been calling Reddy Squirrel a thief.	Thank find with oil mv__miles away, till everything green dishim a thief.	“Then you are most to blame,” said	_ ^	____________________4	appears, shredded and pulverized, into
Johnny Jaybird perched in n tree Blackie Crow to Johnny Jaybird, “and ;	WAR AND THE BIRDS	the torn earth, and only stumps of
just above Rodd% Squirrel and again	as a punishment I order that you shall	_'	‘ *	trees	are	left	protesting	mutely
uttered his shrill cry: “Thief! thief!	always cry ‘Thief! thief! thief!’ to all	çurioug Effect Gf Artillery	Roar on a*ainst	thc	folly	of	man.	And,	here,
whom you see. whether they are ...	..	too, in the Forest of Argonne, an offl-
By that time Reddy Squirrel was	thieves or not. Thus you will al-	*	g	i	»•	, ccr taking his morning ride may come |	The	health and usefulness	of half	a	adjustable and	the rest of the children
He jerked his tail,	ways be in trouble and will always be j	Certain wild	things,	as a rule, seem upon the magnificent wild boars still	million	school children in	Canada	are	are divided among the different	sizes
teeth chattered with rage, disliked.”	; unfrightened and wholly undisturbed frequenting the lonely thickets. ' reduced by deformities and weak- made. Three times during the course
mean, Johnny	Jay- At that Reddy Squirrel began to re-	by the long spells of the tremendously	It may be. probable, though, that	nesses in hones and muscles, twisting	of the school year each child should he
“Why do	you i*ice greatly, whereupon Blackie Crow	heavy gun-fire on the Western Front,	this long period of great hostilities is	| their bodies	out of shape and crowd-	fitted to his seat and desk, and
turned to him and said:	It is singular to note that, though the influencing bird life in another and ing lungs, heart, spleen, liver and oth- changes made as his growth calls for
“And you, Reddy Squirrel, as a, birds there may be silenced by a more remarkable way. The roar of er organs into positions where they it. The manner in which round-punishment for letting yourself be thunder-storm they sing continuously the heavy artillery may possibly have ' cannot carry on their work well and shoulders and high shoulder are pro-drawn into such a silly quarrel, shall through the deafening roar of a heavy diverted or retarded the movements safely.	duced by the effort of the body to per-
always chatter and scold when strang- bombardment of the trenches, says a of birds on their migratory course. Life writes the story of these chil- form work when confined in uncom-¦ ¦	¦ Thus you will British writer. The lark rises singing And a curious effect has been noticed dren in two different books	fortable positions, will be apparent tc
get the name of having a very had	between the lines, and the wren plays	in the Midlands of England, and else-	0 , .	. 1U etnrv , , ua	anyone who, with this idea in mind,
temper, and will always be in trouble,	among the brambles, despite the	where: every year since the war be-	. J *	are Lrh,»llv Hpfnrm^	watches the children at work.
At this Johnny Jaybird began to re- thundering of the guns.	gan, the swallows and martins and..	i art acUi, y dt formed, Eyes which do not see correctly
joice greatly, whereupon Blackie Crow When, as in the Forest of Argonne, ; other migrants are loath, very loath,1 f a *£?*?£*[must be furnished with glasses. The "p|>ke up again.	one leaves the more leafy soil of the to leave.	which ™lts fror! bad feXJ in in effort t0 see’ to	the work with-
mmm ####	mmm
lüEIiill]*Ü !¦
blows out the automobile can still pro- wild animals that it had lost its power the sum total is worth while, and ; i^nd xÏSkh^ ItM''ateutlhLt	make the 5lassea-.
ceed without attention to the damaged to frighten.	music certainly does this. A person children that we are troimr to talk Deafness, requiring strain and ef-
Customs and Standards Abroad as tire. So much does he hate delay that During the winter and spring of i who can play one instrument even now and	_ nprf< -Hv rfnl ^0rt to	tbe teacher, also reCompared With Those of Canada. many of the heavy touring cars are mi and 1915, however, wild animals I fairly wellf or who can singi ^ s0me. ;	thev clnbo d	s^lts in ^ulty pasture. A doctor
o Europe constitu < a class , t at ..Kultur” is Outraged by Missiles That They included wild boars, deer of sev-1 popuiar and pass many unhaDDT+ ‘Kh-shouldered, flat-footed.
is, the European, no matter whether	"Burn and Suffocate.”	! eral kinds, goats, etc., ns well as in- hours that might have been soared1 know how thefle take away the beauty dren have been found to suffer from so
¦le*
the spare wheel and goes on. This is I Vorwaerts, attacking the rigid re-	Jl.ira AIps#. across Alsace and! In storing seeds for next year as
fine for the motorist hut hard nn tha strictions of railway travel this sum-	Lorraine, and in passing through the far as possible use patent fruit jars.	.	I I -f	,
1	zp: aizrjztzciz
; z pris	: — -—	- - - -.-.- £;,z=art z zzz z&t r %
THE WEEKLL1
*1
Hglously to safety treads	Paace;' ^larlug that "iu accordance saints.”-Jude, verse 3.	I guide for life she has thrown to the heights ^nd varying
The French smilingly admit the w th fbo 1,1' Hohenio,lerD tradition. I	This note is a clarion call to an winds. And this accounts for the different children,
superiority of the safety tread for 11111 anima?ed by warm-hearted solid-	intensive and extensive Christianity, dastardly deeds of this criminal and
Canadian roads—and the steel studded tUde t0 Rec tbat bread| carefree °ld to the exhibition of the most heroic lawless nation. Her god is the god for French roads. In Northern and the P°88ihility of advance- j character and conduct. /God has of militarism, of war, the god that France the winters are damp and wet. menl “r,e. guaraulead t0 the working called men to fight as truly for the makes right of might, the god of the The roads become grease coated and maD* Tb 8 must and wil1 ^ done by a freedom of faith as for political free- philosophy of evolution, steel-studded tires are not only desir- P^ce ^onimensurate with our great dom. able but absolutely essential. *	sacrifices.
The French will not use chains only when it snows. Frankly, they don’t like chains. They say they cut the roads—and the British won’t allow them at all. Besides the hard, unyielding surface of the road wears out chains much more rapidly than in this country.
Another astonishing thing to Canadians is the wide usage of dual pneumatics. Such usage is possible in Europe because Europe is so far ahead of us in roid construction.
Here stones would wedge themselves between the tires and mutilate the side walls.
In Europe one never sees stones on
S.ZLTZ STS EST,2“'1——-
matic because he has a decided aver-1 •ion for many tire sizes. A five-inch
section in front and a seven-inch sec- are rigid to themselves and indulgent The war is not so much a clash be- into a slaughterhouse of death Ami tion in back meets his requirements to others. He hrd a certain shame tween antocraey and democracy as it it is this modem religious apostasy nicely.
The chief advantage of dual pneumatics to the European is that it one Eliott.

19Ü3WÊL
FT»*
À
Ip,
6#



*
pn-dE®
lfe
##»*

his search and looked
i
'



L T.%
._ S?M& 1
éfSÉIP,
Blackie That. I should be alive! When They
are dead,
The wise, strong hearts of true titanic mould!

an


cry came n second tirrçe and much nearer: “Thief! thief! thief!”
.


-"¦***'

*vét
*71
i



i a*
t
j*
II
^


\

WhMï









i
;aJ

••
WmHXÊmL
Four of the IS Inch guns that g tiar.l the North Sea and enable the British Navy to keep the Hun fleets off Hie oceans.—Admiralty Official Photo graph.


>x



live.
MOTHER -WISDOM
What We ( an Do to Prevent or Cure Deformities Among Our
Children.
By Helen Johnson Keyes.
thief!”
•ngry indeed and his “What do you bird ?” he called out.


come here calling me a thief? Everyone knows that you yourself are the worst thief in the forest!”
At that Johnny Jaybird began to scold with all his might, thief! thief!” he cried again. “That’s what you are, and no one could be a worse thief if he tried. Why, only the other day 1 caught you robbing the camp that the boys built in the forest!”
“Thief!
ers come near you.



MOTORING IN EUROPE.
We
Over ten per cent, of school ch il—
Yet we rolled inward because the muscles of
and tires quickly from walking, flat-The most important remedies far foot may be suspected, spinal curvatures of this kind are
A surgeon should he consulted—if
i

to the to carry its height and then propping proportions of it up with supporters. However, in When the ex- certain cases the arch worn with a pense of furnishing an entire room broad-base shoe is a relief; but it with adjustable desks and seats is too should then be ordered by a surgeon great, most of the children can be who will give a prescription for its suited if ten per cent, of these are exact measurements.

¦ The strength and security of I our political freedom can be determined only by the strength and freedom of our faith.
i In modern times there has arisen a Mike was home wounded from the mighty conflict over the Bible and front, and he was stopped by a friend against evangelical Christianity, and one day as he was hobbling down the this opposition to spiritual religion has street on his uewly-atquired crutches, its rise and chief inspiration in the "And how did you get on in the big German universities—in their philo-battler asked the friend, gazing with soph les or rationalism. And Ger-compassion on the gallant soldier's many must be defeated not alone on
the battlefields of Europe but also in Oi had the tolme of me the propaganda of her apostate new loife,” replied Mike, decidedly
Cause of Germany’s Downfall
Who Dies for Freedom, Lives.
afterwards overwhelmed him with
We now understand, in part at
least, the secret of the downfall of Cloud shadows fall across his grave; j warm congratulations Germany. But this German modern Pass quickly, shadows, he was young god is not a personal intelligent being Who gladly on truth’s altar flung
and free. He is a principle of na- His life, so freedom’s flag might wave, oape/^______________________
ture, this god of evolution; he is the .	.	i “A narrow escape! How?"
god of pantheism: he is a poor slave, ' nver, Ij^Khing in the cun,	"Ah, the tightest squeeze you ever
dumb and helpless, smothereo in	the	( i?1 you f°rget, when loved so well.	gaw You know ! examined the	wit-
world which he has made. The	god	Li>t what the whispering pine trees ^ nesses and made the arguments	ray-
of Germany is not the God of Father	....	., se*L the plea being self-defense. The
of our Lord Jefcus Christ or the God of fom,‘s no more, his life is done, jury was out two whole days. Finally
—KE5ZS* SSSSSSS
it is this false modern religious con- '.	. ..	.	,	,	*r‘s counsel retained by him or ap-
ception of God a, advocated by Or- He sleeps Wlth ** h,rc,c dead	pointed by the court?'
It is a religious conflict we are wit- many in her universities and philo- who dies for freedom lives for,	"‘No, gentlemen; the prisoner is a
| nesaing	to-day across	the	sea.	Gcr-	sophies, that has produced the war,	And. like a ruddy beacon flame!	man of means,* said the Judge,	ind
many, with	a	fiendish	effrontery,	has	that would dethrone the God of	the	The deeds of heroes light the way.	engaged his own counsel.'
I rejected the lofty principles of Christ- Bible, that would turn hack the clock j0 honor and their country’s fame!	"I co,,ld not see w hat bearing the
j ianity, has repudiated t fact of a of time t he ages barbar i and	...	H«n had on t -donee
le was « i of those rfcfe men who revealed an supernatural religion, deipai hat would turn our fair w	AN CMP ARRASSING VICTORY. tinned the lawyer, "bv ten minutes
later In filed the jury, and what do A young lawyer not noted for his you think the verdict was?"
•What?" asked hie friend.

A FINE FIGHT.
"Yes," he maid, mopping his brow. I got him off, but it was a narrow ca-
useless limb
"Sure,
theology and rationalistic philosophies "But you got very badly knocked here at home in Canada.
About," ed the other.
“Yes, Ol know that," cried Mike, enthusiastically; but, beg orra 7 the first fight 1 warn ever In that the

Religious Rather Than Political

;
It was

about his neighbors’ errors, and never is a clash between infidelity and faith, that our brave boys are fighting in the Intelligence succeeded in getting a spoke of them willingly.”—George paganism and Christianity
The war bir d flames of hell which it has créât- ( client acquitted of murdor. A friend "Why, not guilty, on the ground id
j who met him on the street a few days ^ insanity.”
i;
is not so much a conflict over political ed in Europe.
i
i

###PAGE###4###
f
THE EQUITY.
SHAW VILLE, AUGUST S, 1918
0^^‘<--V"cr-ivo Z
Farmers and Dairymen tlje time is tjere
?

û
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
A war-vote of seven hundred million ,unds sterling was carried through the British House of Commons last week
Fhis would indi-
CANADA
(L.S.J
r

[ ÎOCLAMATION
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
without opposition vatu that the nation still has confidence in itself to sustain the colossal burden
the RENFREW SEPARATOR
CEOGR® RrUalîTand M 2S5
KING, Defender of the Faith, Emperor of India.
To all to whom these presents shall come or whom the same may in any wise concern,—GREETING :
which the war is lmtHwmg
1 Hv on use it is made in Canada
‘J Because it is an instrument that saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
8 Because it is so simple that a child can rvdily learn to take it apart and put together again
I Because it is so easy to keep
clean
5 Because it is the only Separator with ft successful interchangeable capacity
(I Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
7 Because all gearing is enclosed
S Because it is so easy to run
V Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
)
;
Sous,
In their campaign against the gr misrule which has characterized the Bolshwiki regime in llnssia, the l /.echo* Slovaks are shortly to have substantial aid from the Allies, which means that understanding has been reached whereby Japanese and l . S. forces will land on Siberian soil and exercise a free hand in dealing with the situation
t here.
3 \ss=a
I ISS
%
P
f
ivfli
an
or are deserters or absent tionary Force.
AND WE DO HEREBY STRICTLY
¦¦solemnly impress
MADE IN CANADA
aSI
WHEREAS considerable numbers of men
belonging to Class I under our Military Service Act, 1917. called out on active service in Canadian Expeditionary Force for the defence of Canada under Our Proclamation of 13th October, 1917, although they have thus become by law soldiers enlisted in the Military Service of Canada,
Have failed to report for duty as lawfully required of them under the said Military Ser-Act and the regulations thereunder, including the Order in Council duly passed on April 20 last,
Or have deserted.
Or absented themselves without leave from our Canadian Expeditionary Force,
And it is represented that the very and unfortunate situation in which these men find themselves is due in many cases to the fact that, notwithstanding the information and warning contained in Our Proclamation aforesaid, they have misunderstood their duty or obligation, or have been misled by the advice of ill-disposed, disloyal or seditious persons.
AND WHEREAS we desire, if possible, to avoid the infliction of the heavy penalties which the law imposes for the offences of which these soldiers have thus been guilty, and to afford them an opportunity within a limited time to report and make their services available in Our Canadian Expeditionary Force as is by law their bounden duty, and as is necessary for the defenefe of Our Dominion of Canada.
NOW KNOW YE that we in the exercise of Our powers, and of Our good will and pleasure in that behalf, do hereby proclaim and declare and cause to be published and made known THAT THE PENALTIES OF THE LAW WILL NOT BE IMPOSED OR EXACTED as against the men who belong to Class 1 under Our Military Service Act, 1917, and who have disobeyed Our Proclamation aforesaid ; or who have received notice from any of Our registrars or deputy registrars to report for duty on a day now past and have failed so to report ; or who, having reported and obtained leave of absence, have failed to report at the expiry of their leave, or have become deserters from Our Expeditionary Force, PROVIDED THEY REPORT FOR DUTY ON OR BEFORE THE TWENTY FOURTH DAY OF AUGUST 1913.
E. L. NEWCOMBE
)
WARN AND	,	„
UPON ALL SUCH MEN, and as well those
who employ, harbour, conceal or assist them in their disobedience, that, if they persist in their failure to report, absence or desertion until the expiry of the last mentioned day, they will be pursued and punished with all the rigour and severity of the law, SUBJECT TO THE JUDGMENT OF OUR COURTS MARTIAL WHICH WILL BE CONVENED TO TRY SUCH CASES or other competent tribunals: and also that those who employ, harbour, conceal or assist such men will be held strictly accountable as offenders and subject to the pains, penalties and forfeitures in that behalf by law provided for their said offence.
Deputy Minister of .1 notice
Caned*.
Y bout *200 returned soldiers at Tor-Friday night got it into their
ont • '
heads thit tli< re was n< room in the tjueen vit y for restaurants kept by aliens, and s
wine them out in the most thorough
The objectionable es
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved win bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting nee bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
our
c
they took it in hand t
going fashion tablishmvnts were attacked and com
A CALL SOLICITED.
riling to reports
' •<ly demolished, acci The elaborate fixtures were smashed to
I provisions thrown
bits, and stocks into the streets or destroyed. Some individual losses arc estimated at three or four thousand dollars and the sum total of the damage is placed at fifty thousand dollars
hardly be regarded as creditable on the part of men who have l*een taking part in the tight against a system which encourages and abets just such excesses as those in which they themselves have
Sun ly less drastic mea
vice
Agent.
H. E. MITCHEM
Provided however that nothing contained in this Our Proclamation is intended to release the men aforesaid from their obligation to report for duty as soon as possible or to grant them immunity from arrest or detention in the meantime for the purpose of compelling them to perform their military duty ; Our intention being merely to forego or remit the penalties heretofore incurred for failure to report, absence without leave or desertion incurred by those men of the description aforesaid who shall be in the proper discharge of their military duties on or before the said twenty-fourth day of August, 1918.
Of all of which Our loving subjects and all others whom these presents may concern are hereby required to take notice and govern themselves accordingly.
IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF. We have caused these Our Letters to be made Patent, and the Great Seal of Canada to be hereunto affixed. Witness: Our Right Trusty and Right Entirely Beloved Cousin and Counsellor, Victor Christian William, Duke of Devonshire, Marquess of Harrington, Earl of Devonshire, Earl of Burlington, Baron Cavendish of Hardwicke, Baron Cavendish of Keighley, Knight of Our Most Noble Order of the Garter: One of Our Most Honourable Privy Council ; Knight Grand Cross of Our Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George; Knight Grand Cross of Our Royal Victorian Order; Gov General and Commandcr-in-Chicf of Our Dominion of Canada.
At Our Government House, in Our City of OTTAWA, this FIRST day of AUGUST, in the year of Our Lord one thousand nine hundred and eighteen, and in the ninth year of Our Reign.
By Command,
Conduct of this kind
who is considering the advisability ot settlement in the Peace Hiver country ; likewise to the pros;active homesteader as it shows the area within which homesteads may be procured, also the total number of quarter-sections that are still available in each township within reasonable distance of a railway. A copy of the re;sat or map of both maybe procured free of charge u;*on application to the Natural Resources Intelli-Brancli of the Department of the
smaller prizes winch in value will
. The
serious
van
amount to a considerable sum memliera of the motor club are enthusiastic about the parade and it promises to be one of the features of the exhibition. The parade will start from a point down town to lie later decided on and w ill proceed to Landsdowne Park where the entries will lie judged and the prizes awarded.
There is to be a bicycle parade in the evening of the, same day. An attractive prize will l»e awarded for the best costumed boy and girl riders. The participants will take part in the Mardi (iras sports at the grounds after the parade is over.
In planning these events for the last day of the exhibition, the association is endeavoring to make it plain to the public that the exhibition will be complete for the entire six days of the week. Many j>eople have the idea that the last day is not as good as others. These special attractions will make Saturday I letter, if anything, than other days. The programme of the first day, Monday. will also lie as complete as any day during the week.
An itii|H>rtant provision has been made by the association for the convenience of automobile owners. In the park section of the grounds space is licing set aside for the parking of the automobiles of visitors to the exhibition. This space is in the shade of trees. Stumps "t "1,1 trees have been and the ground is being levelled off and spaced. There will be ample accommodation. Officials will lie in charge of the parking ground throughout the week, directing the automobile drivers where to place their cars and guarding them during their absence. This provision, the association believes, will be of special advantage to people from out of the city driving in for the exhibition.
given way to sures could have been adopted if these y»eople were not abusing the privileges which they enjoyed.
Last week's war news was of an en
genet’
Interior, Ott \
ecuraging character from the allies point. The great counter stroke initiated by General Foch has met w ith marked success, resulting in the rolling back of the enemy over many miles of recently invaded territory, and the taking of numerous points of strategic ini-
So far has the drive been
view
The Bacon Saving
The Ottawa Journal says : the country can do when it tries is finely shown by the statement of the Canada Food Board as to increase in pork exports which accompanies the order lifting the restrictions on the serving of ;wirk in public eating houses. The in- L no less than 571 per cent, over the average annual export for the five years preceding the war It seems an almost incredible accomplishment.
As a result of having conserved on the use of bacon and other jiork products, the people of Canada now know that they have supplied the deficiency overseas ; that the soldiers and civilians in France and England have all -he
bacon they require. They the use of bacon now with a cleat uin
science.
What
P* irtance
successful that it is now thought the will l>e unable to hold the fa-
enemy nnus
pected to make a stand, but will In? forced to retire beyond the river Aisne, and thus his whole spring and summer offensives will have been practically brought to naught. The recapture of the city of Soissons by the allies on Friday was one of the striking features of the week's operations, as by it they greatly improved their positisn in that particular sector, and also rendered the retreat of the enemy more difficult.
Reports of a big capture of prisoners, with thousands of guns, munitions and stores were given In Monday morning's
crease
Vesle line, on which he was ex
ernor
can re aie
removed
;\h
Minutes Clarendon Schools
Under-Secretary of State
Shaw ville, July 27th, 1918.
Board of School Commissioners of
Clarendon met
I draper . commission* i b I > ighi Tra > and Wallace.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of commissioners Wallace and Tracy.—( ’arried
Audit presented and examined by the board.
Motion—-commissioners Laughren and Tracy that the audit be accepted tin-auditors be paid their bill and the audit be sent to The Equity for publication. —Carried.
Motion — commissioners Tracy and Wallace that the following bills lie paid': W. A. Hodgins, supplies schools No. 2 and 3 $1.15 ; Mrs. Moses Stewart, No. 14 school, supplies etc., $3.75.—Carried.
Motion—commissioners Laugh ren and Tracy, that it is resolved that a rate of one cent in the dollar for every dollar the Valuation Roll be, and is hereby levied accordingly, and that the monthly fee shall be 25 cents a month for eight months in the year for scholastic year 1918-19.—Carried.
(juelicc Report signed in presence of Mr. S. A. McKay, Notary.
Motion — commissioners Tracy and Wallace, that Mr. McKay’s fee of $1.00 be paid.—Carried.
Motion — commissioners Tracy and Laughren, that the following lie accept:	Miss Florence Mor-
Mrs. J. A. Dean, No. 3 ;

Present chairman
pajiers
The Peace River District has Ix'en for many years the subject of much interest and speculation. Alluring tales from adventurous pioneers, of the wonderful resources, charming climate and varying scenery, have long since lent to the district that charm of romance which distance and uncertainty blended with glowing promises. Now, however, the land so long famed by legend and mystery is being proved a reality, nmd-transportation having, so to sjieak, brought it to our very doors. A jour-from Edmonton to the town of
MARKET FOR
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
GREERMOUNT
PULP WOOD
Dear Editor,—
On the 22nd inst. this parish was favored with a visit from His Lordship, the Bishop of Montreal. The weather was ideal ; the people turned out to meet the Bishop who was in splendid form and gave an elegant and forceful address on 44 self sacrifice mount there were present Rural Dean Phillips and Rev. J. Burton (Incumbent). Six candidates were presented for Confirmation.
The Highest Market Price
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigesti dysjiepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : “ I had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. 1 used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic	t> • i
and Kidney Cure, and I am free from U. W. Jbt. liRllWRyS all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St.,
Renfrew, writes ; “ I was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me."
Mr. D. M. Robertson, Renfrew 441 have not had an attack of,
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
on
At Greer
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOD
ern
ney
His Lordship congratulated the congregation in the splendid work done in paying off the parsonage debt, and the good finance standing the church was in.
This was due in a large measure to the earnest and hard work of the late Incumlient, Rev. Chas. Reid, who Inis left a monument in the parish of his energy and ability.
We wish to thank all outsiders who contributed so generously towards helping us to pay off this debt.
Immediately after service the Bishop had the official burning of the mortgage while the ;»eople sang the Doxology.
Tea was then served on the church lawn by the ladies of the congregation. The bishop then motored to Charteris.
Signed by the Wardens,
Feed W. Schw artz, Thomas Tubman.
Charteris R R No. 2, July 27, 1918.
Peace River, for instance, which five
consumed nearly two weeks
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and
on
years ago of toil and hardship may now be made in less than twenty-four hours, in comfort at all times of the year, trains to this latest settlers meecu, which is nearly 1,000 miles north of the international boundary line, carrying both sleeping and dining car accommodation.
The Department of the Interior,
its Natural Resources
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
r
through
Intelligence Branch has prepared and is distributing a new illustrated rejiort on the district based on investigations made by an official of that Branch during the season of 1917. The publication contains interesting information with regard to climate, soil, agriculture, minerals, game, water ; lowers, transportation, and education. A map of the district showing general topography also accompanies the report.
The recent reservation in the interests of soldier settlement of available Dominion lands has also necessitated the preparation of a map which would show the area in Northern Alberta that had been reserved for such pur;* This publication is now available tor distribution and should prove of considerable value to the returned soldier
ed as caretakers
rison. No. 2 ; -Mr. Alex. Hodgins, No. 10 ; Mr. John Havellin, No. 12 A ; Mrs. Henderson A. Harris, No. 12-B.—Carried.
Next meeting at call of chair.
M. A. McKinley,
Asst. Secy.-Treas.
Smocks and Overalls $1.75, 2.00 each Work Shirts 75c., 85, and $1.00 each
These are bargains at present prices.
w ! 11 <
asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-I)rug Co., Shawville, (jue ; Cou longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, (jue.; J. L Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta M Joyce, Quyon, On from the manufacturer W Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
Victory Bond for
ville
Best Decorated Car
NOTICE RE. CARTAGE
Plan Auto Pabadf. During Wkek
of Exhibition.
A fifty dollar Victory Bond will lie the first prize for the best decorated automobile participating in the automobile parade to be held on Saturday afternoon of exhibition week. This has been decided at a conference of representatives of the Exhibition Association and the Ottawa Motor Club.
There will be a number of other
ue.; or direct . F. Ritchie,
wa
Also BATHING SUITS, MEN S SUMMER UNDERWEAR and SPORT SHIRTS
In consequence of the increased price of horse feed, and value of labor, the undersigned have found It necessary to raise their cartage rates to the following scale ;
Ordinary freight to or from the railway station, up to 500 IN. 15 cents. Every additional 100 lbs 3 cents.
Boies, Nereis or empties of any kind 25 cents a trip to station.
These rates to come into effect on
August 1st
/
i " -tage
MURRAY BROS
SCS
•1
Equity /\dvts. Pay. the tailors
SHAWVILLE.
LEWIS CUTHBERTSON STANLEY LANGFORD
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Local Agents Wanted
Canadian Food Board License Number 8 10603
TIVE YEAR
NEW ISSUE
4 Weekly Journal devoted ta loom Interests
For " The Old Reliable
LOSS AND GAIN
6%
$6,100,000.
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
\i Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
«V IflORIPTIOW, $1 A YKAR IN ADVAWCI.
UT All Arrears must be paid up before any paper I» discontinued.
CITY OF MONTREAL
TIioiimrihIm of OreImul tree» need replacing.
Wav Garden call for ninall fruits early bearing fruit live*. Asparagus Itlmbarb planta, etc.
You have everything to gain and nothing to lose by making your purchases in these lines now.
6r; FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
o
DUE MAY 1st 1923
DATED MAY 1st 1918
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100. $500. and $1000.
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November.
Principal and interest payable in Gold in Montreal or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New-York, U. S. A.
advertising hates
Lo8.ll advertising, 10cent* per line for |»t Insertion and S cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business card* not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcement* Inserted at the rate of 8 cent* per line for first Insertion and 5 cents tor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub Itsiied free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Tin* ilenmnd for Ornamental stock in towns and villages is largo.
Secure a paying Agency with liberal commissions,
not net < - » ry.
STONE & W ELLINGTON
Experience
(Established 1**7

The legality of the Bonds has been approved of by Messrs. Fleet, Falconer, Phelan & Bovey. advocates, Montreal and permission to issue his been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
Natural Shantung Silk
TORONTO. ONT
A Silk that can ho put to no end of uses for knock about wear—general dresses for women or children suits for boys or men’s shirts, 75c., $1.00, 1.25 per yd.
ONLY NEEDS TO BE ROUSED
PRICE PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
Under Certain Conditions, Tiger Can Probably Be Awakened In Each
Individual.
Subscriptions arc Invited by and further particulars may be
obtained at the offices of:
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS,
JOB PRINTING.
All kind# of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to#
JOHN A. COWAN. ¦
Publisher
RENE-T. LECLERC
They tell us/' suid Mr. Bllnksoraa, “that we nil have u tiger In us, that we are all of us savages under our skin ; kept from revealing our true natures only by the restraining force of custom and the law.
“In a general way I have always believed this to he true, and yet I have always supposed there must be exceptions. You take, for Instance, a certain mild-mannered neighbor of ours whom we have known for many years, n man In all circumstances kind, gentle, forbearing; seeing good In everyone and willing to make excuses for everybody. There was one person who I knew had no tiger.
“Our mild-mannered neighbor dropped In to see us yesterday, Just after I had read something In the paper, and I picked the paper up again and read this thing to him. It was an account of something that the Germans had Just done.
“It was a circumstantial, careful, exact and apparently truthful statement, and yet the thing described was something so contrary to all civilized usages that It seamed Incredible, and I said to him:
“‘You don't believe that, do you?*
“At that our mild-mannered neighbor fired up. Fired up? He flamed
INVESTMENT BROKER
160 St. James Street, - Montreal
Telephone#! Mein 1240 end 1241 (ESTABLISHED 1901)
Corset Cover of Baby Flouncing Embroidery
18 inches wide, and 150 yards to select from-solid or or open work patterns, 35c,, 50 and 60 per yd
LTD
Quebec
ISS 8l John Street
Montreal
itO St. June" Street
Professional Cards.
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
BANQUE D’HOCHELAGA
dr. a. h. beers
Men's Combinations
BALBRIGGAN—Spring needle knit, short or long sleeves, knee or ankle length, 75c., $100 and 1.25 per garment.
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE.
SURGEON DENTIST
Doctor of Medicine itnd MnsterofSucgory
Ooctor^of De'iUiif Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Campbklls Bay
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Men’s Underwear
S. A. MACKAY
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Wear and wash well, 65c. and 75
Nice and cool per garment.
notary public
Shawville,
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Que.
a. u. McDonald o. c. l.
Sport Shirts


ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, 4c.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
Fine English Percale—free neck, $1.25, 1.50 each
up
Believe It?* he said. 1 believe every word of it,’ and then he proceeded to tell me what he would do to the Germans If he could.
“Had he a tiger in him? Well!
“So now I am Inclined to think that we all have a tiger in us, that there s no exception; only with some of as It takes one thing and with some another thing to make the tiger waken.”
Custom Sawing1.
C. F. HODGINS CO. L TD.
CEO. 0. WRIGHT. K. 0.
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
AC
A ) v a cate i barrister
1 was thankful
ne witn full force hat In spite of all I could §ee my .vatch, but If the waiter had not been Inn I should have missed my train. Hie water and the sandwiches were
A faint knowledge of
"OH, NEVER AGAir
Hull.
196 Main St

Why Torpedoed Ships Sink.
The committee appointed by the Council of the Institution of Naval Ar-:hl lecture to Inquire into the effects of explosions of mines and torpedoes upon the structure of merchant ships And that there are three principal causes of loss. First, the existence.of 1 ", forward reserve bunker partitioned off from the cargo hold by a non-wa-tertight bulkhead. A second cause of loss is the failure to close the watertight door In the engine room bulkhead leading to the shaft tunnel. A third danger lies In the main drain mint pipes, leading from the bilge pumps to the different compartments, and passing through all watertight bulkheads, which are generally fractured in tor-
There should
PHONE BELL
<d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
successful
"hristlan Science picked up from my •hief In New York helped me, and perfectly stately manner I walked >ut of the hotel and along the road ind caught my train.
•T would advise all foreigners ar-ivlng In America,” Lieutenant Mac- a )uarrle concludes, “to avoid mint Jn-eps. It was extremely pleasant, almost delightful, but a mint Julep taken several hours after a meal when one 5rinks but little at any time, is ex-
I have been told
British Visitor Has Sworn Off
Mint Juleps.
EXHIBITION
n a
According to His Story He Had an Idea It Wae a “Soft Drink,” and Hie Dlelllualonment Was Complete.
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed
Kiesdayand Shawville every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
Lieut. Hector MacQuarrie, whose book, “Over Here,” was recently published, had an experience with an American beverage that surprised him. While waiting for a midnight train In a Philadelphia hotel on a hot night, he became thirsty and sought the cafe, where he told the waiter to bring him a large Iced drink and suggested orangeade. The waiter mentioned mint Julep. “The drink was unfamiliar,’* says the lieutenant, “but It sounded good and American people make the most wonderful soft drinks In the world. The very word ‘mint* suggested coolness, and the fragrant smell of the upper river at Cambridge on a summer's day came back to my mind as I sat behind a large column In the cafe. Hence, I said : ‘Right OI Bring me a mint Julep With a large chicken sandwich, it arrived. The glass was all frosted, filled with mushy Ice, while a dainty little bunch of green mint, with Its stems piercing the Ice, floated on the I was more thirsty than hungry, and I was very hungry.
“Ï drank”the Julep at once
For a soft drink the effect
My first
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden
Products—Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies—Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits—Auto Show—Dog Show—Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time" Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing night, Saturday Sept. 16th—Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
remely potent
<lnee that Just after a meal a julep Is comparatively harmless, and that It is not a soft drink y, I will never touch one again as ong ns I live
possibilities In Its Icy depths.**
HULL
191 MAIN ST.|
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac,
Frank
pedoed compartments be non return valves on the end of
The committee recom-
There are too many
GEORGE E. MORENCY
these pipes mends that bulkheads should be protected as far as possible from flying splinters, at least temporarily, by using timber or other suitable material as a
Something to Worry About
As If we haven't already enough to keep our minds busy, with war and the high cost of living! And our friends, the learned astronomers, who study the heavens Just as carefully as the
¦Ml
,un has contracted 93.000.000 miles tor home grown cattle during the from each side, thus giving lia hot montha when these can be fattened on
wmMwmm
after April 14 to a full adult ration of meat. All coupons are cashable for bacon and poultry.
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines. Boundaries,
Executed carefully to the aatlsfac
tien partlea,|^HÉe™|
J62 Wellington St
Phone ; Queen 5230.
splinter-screen
Hull.
John W. Brant, Treasurer
Stewart McClenaghAN, Preside*',
He did, curse him !
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
GEORGE HYNES
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville. PjrsonaUttention.Openallhours
top
The new order limits the pur
CANADIAN PACIFIC
FARM LABORERS
It was
delicious
was decidedly Interesting sensation was a nice singing, advancing sound in my head. I felt myself to be drifting along a smooth stream with overhanging willows and masses of mint growing on the banks that delightful sensation that one feels when a tooth has been removed with the aid of gas and one is Just returning to consciousness.
“This pleasing feeling continued for a little while and then I could see the paneled walls of the room, and I heard what seemed a still, small voice talking In extremely bad French to the waiter who answered In what must have been good French using the bad French was very familiar and then I realized that It was my I promptly switched to English. but the voice was still far dis-Finally, full consciousness re-
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
I felt
Different Species.
Our little three-year-old spends his mornings out of doors always, even hough he has no playmates near and iaa to play alone. He calls to us once n awhile, and the other day Informed >ur maid be was fixing nuts for the squirrel. To tease him and also to aelp him differentiate, she asked him why he didn't give the squirrel spinach or beans, for Instance. “Oh, no," was the Instant protest “he Isn't an nslde bird, Laura.
r
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
Woman Champion Maker of Flies.
The title of world's champion artificial fly maker la proudly claimed for Miss Alice Sherwln Coleman of New York, who for more than a decade has been making files for anglers. Some Idea of her reputation among the disciples of Izaak Walton may be gathered from the fact that she and her assistants make $400.000 worth of files for fishing enthusiasts every year.
Miss Coleman makes 300 different varieties of files regularly summer and winter, special orders bringing the number up to 1,500 varieties altogether; for such Is Miss Coleman’s reputation that exacting fishermen In the wilds of America sometimes catch strange flies that hover over particular streams and send them alive in a ventilated bottle so that she may study and reproduce them accurately.
MAIN STREET
TO
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All crIIs will receive prompt per
sonal Attention
WINNIPEG
J. L. HODGINS
Plus £c. per mile beyond
The voice
Excursions AugusttS and 27,1918
From all Stations in the Province of Quebec ; also stations In the Province of Ontario—Brock ville, Smiths Falls, North Bay and East.
r ARE RETURNING : !<*• Per ,nile 10 Winnipeg plus $18 to
NO CHANCE OF CARS betwwn Ult and Weit on the C. P. I.
For information apply to nearest Canadian Pacific Agent or to
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE -
Dwn.
Fireman's Bravery Lauded.
John Harvey Stacks, fireman, third class, United States navy, has been commended for courage displayed during a fire on board a patrol boat. Stacks attached a line to himself and went down the port ventilator with a fire hose to help quench the flames, though the Are was then at Its height tud smoke and steam were pouring from the ventilator. Stacks enlisted Aug. 15, 1916, at Dallas, Tax.
tnnt^HH
returned, also a realization of the situation. Then the voice In the distance •aid: 'Walter, your d has gone to my head and I must catch a train In exactly half an hour.’ The waiter’s voice expressed sorrow and suggested much water and more sandwiches. I drank water and I ate sandwiches, and the vision of Mr. Pickwick In the wheelbarrow came
. QUE.
mint Julep
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent,
OMPTLYSECUH
»
Shawville, Que
1 countries. Ask for our INVEN-8 ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
364 University 6L. Montréal.
In a TOR
n non
###PAGE###6###
MOTHER WISDOM
country would normally depend will not he forthcoming in 1919.
“The reserve supply of sted usually carried by the seed house» has never hen so low in the history of the bust-1
turists says. •
Doctors an ) to I number <	amt which	By Helen Johnson Keyes
nurses van diagnose and advise but,	f r In F u	1%f* nianv ,>0 y°u realize the* tuberculosis is . been dirty in its care and marketing
as Mrs. Kayes rightly says “no drug,	!	, r j increase of about USUM,,>’ contracted during early child- of milk, careless in its choice and pr*
has ever been discovered which will	• th ,i»mand fir ,K>wl ar,d that when the disease ap- pa ration of food. It has not edu
cure tulierculo.i*.”	^n.ln^ and the m/ver e wither	j" ol^	It Is usually u rated It. community to an apprécia.
It is a fact, unpleasant to face hut t.n,ubt	I second or third stage of that child- tion of the dangers of contagioi
one that must he brought home to *Y,	practice of saving ho0<* 'nft‘ction?	through common drinking cups, toweli
all mothers if our children are to he ,	«rden se 1 ran in ‘his1 ^very year there die in Canada and so forth; and it has not appro
saved, that thousands of cases of tub-j *	v(l ix<>, Wltt ai|Vantiige from thit* disease about 12,000 people, elated the health value of free play
ercnlosis have ended fatally because ' r»meml ering that th : fundamental ,n vountry «lone 40,000 people City conditions were naturally so bad parents ei’hor paid too little atten- .	• je ln iUCCessful s»ed saving is are constantly ill with it and there they had to be improved; country con
Hi Our	maple shade trees arc)	tion to	colds and coughs,	loss of	. ,.itVtion of seed	only	from	the host	are	now Ht>out 10.000 children attend- j ditions	were naturally	so good thej
being cut hack	every year because	of	weight,	nervousness, paleness	and de-	* ' *	„	ing	our public schools who will be vie-	have	not been safeguarded.
potato vines to he sprayed and t e e|eC|rie wireM running along our roads, bility, or else mistakenly tried to re-1 *	_*_ tims of it ! before middle life unless ; Steady loss of weight, accompanied
method of applying. V ifty gal ,,ns will this injure the trees?	j trievt them by giving the children	more is done to prevent it than ever by fatigue, nervousness and a pale,
will cover an acre of small plants. Answer:- The only danger that advertised cough remedies and so- The clothes wringer will last twice has been done in the past. Yet at run-down appearance, may be the first \ery large plants may need 100 ga,-	wouW ocvur t0 the ,hade trees would	called “tonics.”	as long if the pressure screw at the	least 8,000 of these children could he	symptoms of tuberculosis although
l°ns. .Seventy-five gallons per acre	he by pruning utr iarge limbs and	As the cure of the individual vie-	top Is loosened After using.	saved by the means which we already	they may he accounted for by several
cn on	:-ge for ca. h spi a>w1d	ieavjng	Woumls	that would “bUci 'j	tim of *bi» plague rests with	home	pon»t try to keep	house without a	know and could put into practice if	other conditions. Heeause	an ear*;
>e amj	ic.	, lu* number o	spra> mgs	severely. If any large limbs have	treatment so the health of the	com-	,mall can of kerosene. It helps in a	P«rents, teachers and communities	recognition of the disease	is	of	th#
wil! t^ vanen according to the weath- to bç pruned ()fT { would advise mumty rests with the community It-1 do7en ways: clean bathtub*, basins, would make use of them.	utmost importance for the sake of its
‘	,be	i.	n UK	|	-Ul	^-painting the scar immediately so	as	s< !f* To find out why the disease is	window glass, etc., and	is excellent to	You wonder, perhaps, that I do not	cure,	it	is best to take	these cases	at
t.iM'n o	ai	.i	ut	'o	a	to prevent the	loss of sap us far	as	present	and then vigorously	to re-	put on furniture	dusters.	A little	put	this responsibility up squarely to	once	to	a responsible	doctor for	s
common number used when	conditions	possible	,	move the cause or change wrong con-, kerosene atldH to	the water with	the doctors hut no drug has ever been '	thorough examination.
B. G.	H.:—1	wish 4° discover the|	< dions of living—tmsz is our	holy	which linoleum is	washed helps to	discovered which will cure tuherculo- Tuberculosis is not confined	to	th#
_ Some things to keep in mind wnen proper fertilizer to use on my farm. 1 ut-v* _ ^	preserve the floor covering, besides and most of tho cases which ar- lungs. It appears also as hunchback
making Bordeaux and applying it to |s necessary to have a chemical	^	^	giving it a polish. Boxes, chests, r*v« in the doctor’s hands are already hip disease and what Is known a>
potatoes.	malyiU made of the soil?	Save ^our Se«*d.	bureau drawers, well dusted with it, passed almost beyond cure. Health white swelling. In these eases th#
1	That Bordeaux is a preventive	Answer:— The chemical analysis of	Ontario gardeners who would like	are immune to moths. A square of	officers, school doctors and nurses	infection attacks the lymph glands oi
and not a cure. To be effective it	the soil tells the total amount of |	to he sure of a supply of seed in 1919	cheesecloth dampened with kerosene	may do, indeed, are doing muck to	bones, instead of the lungs. Betweer
must, therefore, he applied before the	plant food:—nitrogen, phosphoric acid	had best begin to prepare to raise	makes a good dustless duster. Place	prevent the spread of the disease by	tho ages of two and nine years chib
and potash in the soil.- but does not	enough this summer for their future	it in a covered tin box for twenty-	discovering it in its early stages and	dren are very sensitive to this form
2	That the quantity of lime should	distinguish between the available and	needs. This precaution must be tak-	four hours. By that time the oil	pointing out to mothers and fathers	of infection and twenty per cent, of
always be equal to the quantity of cop-	unavailable supply of these materials	en, because the seed upon which the	will be evenly distributed.	the ways to* cut it off at that point	those who are thus infected die from
per sulphate An excess of lime will in the soil. A chemical analysis is j --—_	.	,	. ... I The work of the doctors and nurses is it within a few years
!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	_ .	. ^ mm mm > ¦ —-	_ _ __
fnnn HP Aï TH OïîFÇTînN RO Y	must be done by the home.	are often breeding grounds for th#
vvvi/ HLuMj 111	UvA	Infection usually occurs during the germs which produce such fatal re-
^*irst	by	for	as
contact in the home with a grown-up for many others, ought never to re-who is suffering from the disease, main.
Family ties and affections being what Swellings, tenderness, pains and they are, it is impossible to prevent stiffness in joints may he the danger
The M hi te Hague
Too strong emphasis
cun not he olaced on the *tat* me U made by Mrs. Keyes in her authoritative article oft this page, namely, that on the home and the home alone rest* the greatest burden of responsibility for the cure vf tuherculo is
;

V"X
This Scourge Which Sweeps Away its Victims as by Fire Must
He Understood to Be Conquered.
a bulletin from the horticul-
Diii is attributable
By Agronomist.
This Department Is for the use of our farm readers who want the advice ef an expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your question Is of sufficient general interest, It will be answered through this column, if stamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a complete
Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publishing
answer will be mailed to you Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St. W.. Toronto
Amount of Bordeaux Needed for an the effect of poor seed, poor soil conditions nr poor cultural practices.
Acre
The amount of Bordeaux needed per acre varies with the size of the
It. I
favor blight development

disease gets a start
Enlarged
do no harm as long as it is not used therefore only indicative and is not a in sufficient quantity to clog the noz- sure basis on which to advise fertiliz-j
ing practices. To a farmer that un-8 Use only wooden or part hern derstands chemistry, of course, it vessels in which to handle the copper would be of value, but to the average
sulphate. This material corrodes tin man, untrained in this science, a	Iy ,	* ( urrier, M.D.
chemical analysis would not be of Dr. Currier will answer all signed letters pretalnlng to Health f your
and tSVH»be0tdiluS ZZl theytr:	farmîlY %	fS ,o/5Sf^5:r ïïÏÏxES	th™ first '"étions, for that could	signals for	this form of the malady
combined. If they are put together	at information	as to what fertilizer	Address Dr Andrew F. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co., 73 Adelaide	be done only by removing all victims	and should	receive medical attention
when too strong, they will not stay	will pay best on his : oil is by choos-	8t. West, Toronto.	of the disease from their homes and	If these conditions continue till de-
ing a plant food suited to make up	TEETHING	friends and setting them apart in formity occurs, little can be done to
5.	Strain everything which goes in- for the characteristic weaknesses of	,	"	hospitals. As long as our sentiment relieve the patient,
to the spray barrel through a copper	the soil and to	meet the needs of the	Mrs. J. M. C. Will you please ture and nerve supply, to disease, de-	does not permit this, our only course
gauze sieve with forty meshes to the	crop which is	being fertilized. For	write an article on infant teething. j ca> and poor nutrition, local or gen-	j8 to fight off the disease after it is	culosis lies	in:
inch, or two or three thicknesses of	instance, clay	soils are fairly well	It w an old story that teething has eraJ*	already present in its first form so 1—Large	quantities of wholesome
cheesecloth.	I supplied in all three important plant- bin held responsible for multitudes* .kUV° pa‘n mfty ** accompanied as to prevent its running into the sec- food, particularly milk and eggs.
6.	Do not use Bordeaux which has	foods. After they have been farm-	of ills in babies and young children,	*	neuralgia of the head and face,	end stage; or, if the second stage 2—Long hours of sleep in fresh	air.
stood over night after being prepared,	ed for	sometime	the nitrogen and	if no more definite cause could be	contraction of the muscles which	occurs, to do our utmost to forestall 3—Free play in fresh air, without
Do not use air-slaked lime when mak- phosphoric acid become deficient. If to\ nd.	close th«* jaw and, in infectious cases, the third.	hard exercise or fatigue.
you are attempting to grow a good |t oniy a round-aoout way, at W1, Hhs( VSS*	| These first infections, which occur	4—Clean bodies, sound teeth, clear
7.	Keep the foliage ns completely crop of grass on this land you will jeast jn many cases, of saying, “I ... ln**ncy* there are certain con- in infanta and children, are not con- breathing passages,
covered as possible after the plants need to add fertiliser high in nitrogen, don't know what ails the child.” j t:T1 °PS.n<>t Preaent *n subsequent life tagious. They travel four different As we have said, children in the are five or six inches tall until frost	If it is	grain you	are fertilizing a	T^pthinir is a moat important oro-	Üu '• have always tailed to magnify	roads, according to the general health	first stage of tuberculosis do	not
or the maturity of the crop.	medium	amount	of nitrogen and	cesg but jg gtiid0m so serious a mat-	^	importance of the teething pro-	and resisting power of the patient,	convey contagion; therefore,
8.	To be most effective Bordeaux relatively high amount of phosphoric	’’ . likelv to nroduoe disease	.	bis way of living and his surround- elementary school does not spread the
should be applied with a pressure of acid with a little potash would pay ‘	‘ f ... h* b pn brought un A" infant¦ nervous system is ex- ings.	'	infection except through its teachers.
1G0 to	120	pounds. This should	not,	best.	If these crops	arc	to	be grown	;	believe	ecssively sensitive and easily thrown	The	first	type recovers without	About three per cent, of all public
however, discourage growers from on sandy soil you must keep in mind	. I °.ut ™ equilibrium, with the produc- showing any symptoms of the dis- school-teachers are suffering from the
using any form of sprayer which may that sandy soil is poor in all three There ia no fixed rule for the ap- tion of convulsions, by causes which ease. Only a test made by a physl- malady so that many, many children be available.	of the plantfood constituents.	Hence,	pearance of the teeth, the lower ones	would not disturb an older child; he	Han could prove that the germ had	are endangered by	them. Of course,
9.	Remember that Bordeaux is us- a larger quantity of all three	ingredi-	usually come before the upper, the	vomits his food at the Uightest pro-	eyer been present.	such teachers should be retired at
ed to	prevent	blight and	other	fol-	ents will have to be used	to	give sat-	between	the	sexenth	an	vocation; his body temperature would	The	second type passes quickly	on	once on pensions. High school/* and
iage troubles. It will not overcome isfactory results.	twenty-fourth months, the second be- be fatal in an adult; he reacts to to death.	i colleges are greater sources of in
tween the sixth	and	twenty-first	sensations of pain with persistent	The	third	fights hard and finally	re-	fevtion as their pupils may have pass-
yMN•	[	iCHiUBinj#	1 covors	iisd	B 18
been due to estimating the	amount	Six front teeth in either jaw seize	There is no doubt that many In-	The fourth appears to have recov-	The preventive,	are well-cleaned,
of food used and the return	for the	the food and cut it to four laterals;	fants suffer pein when the teeth are	ered then suddenly develops th, symp-	sun-bathed rooms,	individual washing
eggs.	The est,mates	have been very	,t	is transferred by the	tongue	and	trying to break through; ,hot, red	torn, again	and they prove fatal	to '	and drinking utensils, fresh air
| inaccurate on some farms and	the	te.ti, for partial cutting and grmdmg	and swollen gums indicate this, also	,he child.	through all parts of the	buildings,
On many	farms poultry accounts	poultry business will be in line	for	while the finishing grinding and	the rubbing of the mouth and gums It ia rather a strong*	fact that	with fewer desk studies	and more
have been entirely neglected even reorganization.	crushing• are done by six back teeth, with the fist, the desire to bite hard there are about equal number, of agriculture and manual work don,
when other accounts have been care-1_ The time and effort required to keep A full set of second teeth, thus, substances, abundant flow of saliva, thesA different kind* nf	in th*1	dnnr.
fully	recorded.	The result has	been	poultry	accounts is	very small.	When	numbers thirty-two.	Teeth have an	restlessness, flushed	cheeks, s*ln	cjty	anj	jn	the	country
that	the	farmer	has	never known	once the habit of	entering up	sales	important relation to one's looks;	eruption, diarrhoea, and many other	son	ia	that the	citv	haa	ov#rrom, ita 1 ,trnin era pxrellant
SrSc-EE	KKSra—"£E
no credit for	the work.	The raising	opportunity after a transaction	has	There are practically no third	nervous system; but many of the	linking fountains, school	Inspection]	for "information! to your	Provincial
of poultry has not been	increased be-	been completed. Personal y. I	fee	teeth, and In some cases there are	symptom, may be removed by ration-	p|aygrou„d, and other wise precau-	Bo.nl of Health and to your Prov-
cause the amount of money the hens uncomfortable after a deal until I	none at any period, just as	there are	al procedure, scarifying the gums in	tjor	s inciai ^oard of Education From
the profits and losses in the pt»ultry | Delayed first teeth often	have a	In regard to the diseases which
business. The principal point is to	bearing on the appearance	and con-	teething whs supposed to produce,
record all sales or bills promptly and dition of the second.	jnost, if not all of them, are germ
then at	the end of	each month	it Is Wisdom teeth are	frequently di-	diseases, with their	particular and
possible	to qu ckly	strike a balance	seased, deformed and	of little use.	specific cause; and,	while teething
and know how the business stands.	Extra teeth	are possible	but are	us-	may act as an irritant,	increase the
Of course, it is not possible to know	ua]iy imperfect and	defective.	child’s susceptibility and	diminish his
exactly how a poultry buîness stands Teeth may be irregular in various resisting power, it does not, in the each month because of the growing	Ways from	disease	or	mechanical	opinion of the best modern observers,
stock which ia being fed. Its value	conditions.	cause these diseases,
is not definitely known. However,	p*in j8 an ever possible	symptom,	It is inconclusive, when meningitis
if the receipts and expenditures are	before, during, or after the	eruption	and teething are present, to reason	I tread the Ladies' Way once more,
carefully recorded, it will be possible 0f the teeth.	that the former was produced by the
to tell the profits in the poultry business at the end of the year and also _ make a report on the income that will = be accurate and satisfactory.	I
zles
or iron
m suspension
The cure for all forms of tuber
ing Bordeaux
the
Sports and athletics The rea- without too much competition and
light out of houses and schools, has should enlist!
The Safest Investment
Chemin Dee Dame».
I walked along the Ladies' Way, Colette was by my side;
The rose of sunset dropped its leaves Upon the eventide.
Like living jewels in the grass The golden glow worms crept,
And in the fields on either hand The drowsy poppies slept
BRITAIN RAISES RABBITS
CANADAS
Hope# Thus to Produce Hundred Thousand Tons of Meat.
5?%
By their campaign to increase the keeping of tame rabbits the Food Production Department hope to produce 100,000 tons of meat by the late autumn. The special value of this meat will be that it will be produced where it is to be consumed thus, rendering unnecessary any call either on railway haulage or shipping.
The scheme being placed before the agricultural sub - committees throughout the country is to establish one or more breeding centres in each county, each stocked with 100 breeding does, for supplying rabbits of utility strains to the thousands of cluba which will be formed. These cluba will consist of persons ready to keep a few rabbits to increase the quantity of meat and fur available for special war needs.
!
Victory Bonds
Due 1922, 1927, 1937 PRICE 99% AND INT
Colette is with me yet;
The Red Cross burns above her brow, Her cheeks with tears are wet;
And where the crimson poppies waved Are splashes darkly red \ ,
That tell us where, alas! to find The wounded and the dead.
It is due to their sensitive struc- latter
PMNNY rOLD-UPJ*
CUT OUT AND TOLD ON DOTTED .LINES
I
Nesbitt, Thomson & Company	fjnr&j
Investment Bankers,	Limited	~I v*
Mercantile Trust Bldg. Hamilton 222 St James Street Montreal
r#iD
But on the ruined road one day Colette and I will see The banners of the Allied host Unfurled in victory.
Like rainbows they will span the ridge Where falls the leaden rain,
And loi the Way of 8words will be The Ladies' Way again.

• At*
The dairy cow is a most important factor in winning the war. Food, we are told, is as necessary as munitions, and meat is" one of the prime articles of food. The beef supply of the near future must come solely from the present stock of cows. Dairymen generally attach not very much value to ordinary calves, but keep cows wholly for milk production, especially ' those dairymen who sell the whole milk. The stock of calves for the country's beef supply will depend largely, then, on the price of milk. If the beef supply is increased it must be done primarily by milk commanding sufficiently high a price as to encourage its production and the keeping of a larger number of cows, and then by a price for beef that shall insure a profit in raising the calves to beef age. A considerable proportion of the pork, too, cornea from pigs raised by dairymen who sell cream or butter and keep the pigs to consume the skimmilk. It is admitted, I think, the t pigs can be grown more economically in this way than
\ i
?
I
i
)
1
i
WOOL
:
i
i
I
i




I
In London the headquarters of the scheme will be at Neasden, N.W., How many women have looked where a large rabbit exchange is to with dismay upon a silk or lisle stock- be established and stocked with 1,00C ing that appears almost unmendable, utility does. In the counties, in ad-because of a stitch that has run down dition to central breeding stations, it
is intended to form sub-depots—20
to a practically unlimited
I
Farmers who ship their wool direct to os get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK ANY FARMER!
who has sold wool both ways, and note what he says— or, better still, write us for our Prices ; they will show you how much you lose by selling to the General Store.
?	price# of may firm
SrTSSS
SHSaffissK
i
To Mend Drop Stitch
I
t.
ft
ll
/

the length of the stocking Such a run can be easily mended, doe centre Use a fine crochet hook, pick up the extent.
dropped stitch and continue crochet- The Food Production Department ing all along the raveléd part. Care will shortly issue a detailed pamphlet must be taken to pick up every dealing with every phase of rabbit-thread as you work along the length keeping, both for breeding and feeding purposes, with diagrams of suit-Fasten the last stitch securely with able hutches. This pamphlet, draws
special attention to the fact that as If two or more stitches have been rabbit flesh contains a relatively small dropped the rip is wider, but continue quantity of fat the beet course for all working each stitch In a straight who are able to adopt it is to com*
j bine rabbit with pig keeping “Rabbit flesh and bacon will supply a meal as rich in food as beef or mutton. For example, 8 lbs. Many Russian worn en,-formerly of of rabbit and 1 lb. of bacon will pro-the nobility, are reduced to selling vide more nitrogenous and fatty rood newspapers in the street# of Pa*ro- then is provided by tmr pounds oé
I beef.”

jfcrA
of stocking
2
a needle and thread
H. V. ANDREWS
13 CHURCH 8T* TORONTO
line
If the work is done carefully the mend will hardly be detected.
togethef
r
in any other. So that an Increase in pore supply 1# dependent in large
Willie’s running just as fast As his legs will lake him;
But hell never catch that bell Unless you fold and make him.
A
The ruble, normallv worth about 20 eeot^ is the standard win of Russia.
grad
I
###PAGE###7###
Cl'
WORK OF CARRIER ING TONS
After our dm lee for the
re ruc h 4i#|||||||||||||||||||||||||||l!ll|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
day were finished we sat around road Ing ne w# pa per* and sharing our let WMB from home
burst ov^r our heads and our aviators reported activity among the boches, but still we took no notice, for we ^ WAR AS SEEN BY ONE OF OUR knew that our gêl "ua W oblsg.
It was almost too quiet, however, and there wua a sense that something was
\ "BLUE DEVIL”
OF FRANCE
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OFF WITH FINGERS
For Cnivtdn’H War Workers
Only Mean* of Communication al Time* in Recent Offensive.
9*
Stray shell* did
EATS DIPT
\\
One of the principal elements which worked toward the bringing of the recent German offensive to a halt wa the splendid co-operation of the transport and information services. In
Let folk* step on your feet here- Champagn# lorry driver* passed four after; wear shoo* a size smaller If you days and nights without a moment's like, for corns will nover again send ; repose in hurrying troops from electric sparks of pain through you, Recuon 0f the line to another, wher according to this Cincinnati authority
He says that a few drops of a drug Df thousands of men called freezono, applied directly upon heavy fire, a tender, aching corn, Instantly 10
lieves soreness, and soon the entire ^ moflt important in the Champagne
A,	&
This drug dries at once and simply posts were often cut off from the main shrivels up the corn or callus without body and possessed only this means
ISSë BlÈpi
rnmwëmmmz
lanes In the German wave,. Their If you thmk you re outelaased, yoo wonderful accuracy of aim «pared	are- ... ... t r(„.
t,..	u,.
fore
You can ever win a prize.
Life's battles don't always go To the stronger or faster man;
But soon or late the man who wins. Is the man who thinks ha can.
How to loosen a tender corn or callus so It lifts out without pain.
LŸt
¦s?“«sSwiFK

N
FRENCH VISITORS.

going to happen soon.
Three Nights of Fireworks.
“It happened, but we started It. Our cannon got busy far back of us. For three days and three nights our men pounded the boche lines relentlessly.
A detachment of the famous Alpin jiie gUna roared over our heads, the Chasseurs of France are visiting this Bhots falling somewhere In front, continent. They were received with bringing havoc and consternation to , enthusiasm In both Canada and the the enemy. The noise was so deafen- . United States.	1 lng and so persistent that we could
“Going over the top?" queried Am- no^ 8ieepi g0 We snatched moments of brolse Morgant, one of the "Niue regt when fatigue overcame, and then Devils.*' “There Is no sense of fear. we * ou 1 d lie down for a few minutes It Is the night before—It Is the time ^ght In the trench. You cannot sleep of waiting that la a little difficult. But when a barrage la rolling over your one gets used.”	i head; besides, you are always waiting
Ambroise Morgant Is » grenade for the word -the word that will fling Breton, who has been fight- j yol, jnto the unknown before you lng for two and a half years. Tl>* that will bring you face to face with stripes oh his sleeve show that he has the men In green.
received two wounds, but these are , .*At night the sky was one livid balanced by the two medals pinned mass of bursting rockets, fireworks proudly on hie cheat. A Breton peas- that made the night bright and living ant, sturdy and anxious to fight “pour An(j tJie colors I I can still see the la patrie," he enjoyed his trip to magic of those three nights—all America, but his thoughts were al- imaginable hues, blended together and ready turning to the battlefield, when standing out sharply against the dark he will be able to kill a few more of i gky< We did not mind the sleepless
the hated Bochea.
“I've fought on many fronts,*’ answered hesitatingly when questioned. None of the Diables Bleus will speak willingly of their exploits or war experiences, and only persistent questioning will bring out the story of that great moment for which the reward ¦ thought of the dash forward—Into the given by a grateful country is the ! heart of death—whore the unseen medal.	enemy lurks, cowering with fear. We
must go forward we must run and run, to kill all the men In green. Kill them that freedom may reign once and that France might flourish
i
one
Ambroise Morgant Tells How He Won Two Decorations, Military Medal
and War Cross.
most needed, and conveying tens
often under
ever
CLEAN5-DI5IN FECTS—USED F0P| SOFTENING WATER—FOR MAKING
HARD AND SOFT SOAP-----FULL
; DIRECTIONS WITH EACH CAN.__
The role of the carrier pigeon prov-

&
root uud all, lifts right out
corn

If You Think
thrower, a

ses
TREES AND FARM FERTILITY

be-
Crop Yields.
back
*
Addressing the York Pioneers Club at Toronto, Mr. Charles W. Nash, an Englishman who came to Canada
from the agricultural	u ,	, Al
his audlenCS How to make a creamy beauty lotion
for a few cents.
GIRLS! LEMON JUICE
IS SKIN WHITENER
nights and the Incessant booming, for we knew that at any moment we would be given tl)e order to go over women the top. Just a queer feeling around ! plants, the heart while waiting for that order.
After days, months and even years In the trenches the heart tightens at the 44 bu t
This is a work suit for the use of workers In the munition
he
many years ago
__	0.0_ .county of Sussex, gave
McCall Pattern No. 8435, thf> beneflt 0f his observations of the
Ladies’Work Suit. In 3 sizes, small, eontr|#t Qf results obtained in con-
84, 86; medium, 38, 40; and large, 42»'gervaUon of fertility of the soil In
Price, 20 cents.	Canada and Greet Britain. The 40
and 45 bushel crops of wheat, which
were general throughout ^ ork County
when he first knew It are now the
exception, he said, and he quoted
Government statistics, showing that
the average yield of wheat for the
county In 1917
figure which was below the average for the past 16 years, however, by eleven bushels.
The average yield for the Province of Ontario was only 28 bushels of wheat and In this and ether grain crops York County has for years exceeded the average of the province average yields for the county and province respectively being as follows:	Oats, 46-40; Barley, 36-33;
Rye. 17-16; Peas, 18 16; Corn, 50-44.
As one reason for the falling off in productivity of the soil in York, and In the province in general, Mr. Nash gave the too extensive removal of pie forest, an opinion in which he Is endorsed by many farmers of long practical experience. Not only does this removal of the forest leave the cultivated land too greatly exposed, locally, but where the tree growth Is entirely removed from the location of the source of streams the results are disastrous to a regular and sufficient supply of water through the country-
----	,	MONEY ORDERS.
The Juice of two fresh lemons strain-	The safe way to send money by mall
ed Into a bottle containing three	by Dominion Express Money Order,
ounces of orchard white makes a whole quarter pint of the most remarkable lemon skin beautlfler at about the cost one must pay for a small jar of the ordinary cold creams.
Care should be taken to strain the lemon Juice through a fine cloth so no lemon pulp gets in, then this lotion will keep fresh for months. Every woman knows that lemon Juice Is used to bleach and remove such blemishes as freckles, sallow ness and tan and Is the ideal skin softener, whltener and beautlfler.
Just try It! Get three ounces of	,
orchard white at any drug store and	skivvy popped her head round	.a
two lemons from the grocer and make	drawing-room door and cried:
up a quarter pint of this sweetly frag-	“Oh, missus, I give that pudden	to
rant lemon lotion and massage It	the ducks, and they’ve all sunk!
daily Into the face, neck, arms and hands.
Pulled ’Em Under
Mrs. Nupitials was entertaining for the first time since her marriage. The and fish she served for dinner were quite all right, but the pudding —well, everyone fought with it manfully until, fearful of bending th# young wife’s new forks, they desisted. Mrs. Nupitials was heartbroken. “Put that pudding out of my sight!/" she said to the little skivvy. “Give it
to the ducks at once!"
A few minutes later the little
They Just Shot Jean.
“I was on the Somme in 1914. We did not then realize what wo now know about the boches, but still we fought—and we fought hard member the Incredible speed with which villages would change hands; one day we would be-In, the next the
The people
soup
was 25 bushels, a
more In peace
I re
Won Two Decorations.
No matter what you feel, the order
It always comes. And
will come then all fear Is gone. After the days of expectant waiting I was glad to face the Invisible eqemy.
“I rushed out, and since we placed at about ten yards' distance from each other, I did not know what the others were doing. My belt was well-filled with hand grenades and I had them tucked away in every avalV
I wanted to kill a great
who fight de
e
boches were masters¦ hardly knew who was the victor, and their only desire seemed to be to get away. 1 remember one man who had been trying to reach us for months.
“He had a house In one of the villages, and then we were driven out and the boches entered. His wife, mother and little boy of six were with him, but the women had hidden; It is. ^
always better so when the boc^e! many of those are coming. So the little boy cried fenseleg8 women and children, and If for his mother. The boches	¦
every where—and It seems that they do not like the crying of children, for of them threatened the child and
told him to keep quiet Jean cried even louder
<
The
i
were
t
An English Girl.
The ruddy, gallant lads, with whom She used to ride and dance,
Went singing down to Italy,
To Flanders and to France.
Success in gardening depends upon keeping soil well stirred at all times. Moisture that feeds the plants is the capillary moisture which comes up from below. In order that plants obtain most of this moisture, it to loosen the surface
I had to die I Intended to take many with me.
“I ran, shooting from my revolver.
did I kill? I don't know:
may
is necessary thoroughly after each rain so that *
cannot escape by evaporation.
one
How many
how could 1. when I was only tiitnk lng of shooting? I'm sure I killed
many s + *"
Ambroise Morgan! stopped and a pleased smile spread over his tanned face. “1 prefer the grenades, for they kill more boches—they burst and ten fifteen men fall, volver—one—that's all.
“Suddenly something happened. A queer sensation 11 my side, and I fstt# rolling Into a shell hole. It did not take me long to icalize that a number
Then I wae sent to Verdun; that ! of boches were hiding In that hole.
ESS SiS#
dead stretch of country by the time and throwing out a few hand gre-of my arrival. Bare ground all round, nodes—Just to frighten them. I
% i/%,Tho!T,^:dTV": %^wCd"'d,hedt:%'They
covered with the first wheat sprouts must have been frightened, for they
- srsa
reigned everywhere and far away Of teen of^thera, but JJcd them^back
* Sunni
SU'	,0M BELGIANS DEPORTED.	JT.... .	MU. -
r, s rrnrsL	-jrss slsevz t -1 -
-•The poleon m wou^ come créé»	Behind German Line,	mont, needed. A. their men began to	-#- we are Rangin' oot together, what
^,%tC%C:v%lUnd	^th,^%n, have been ^barbf^	—^
The rata often warned ue of Its com- deported from the Interior and made ,ered emong them for the wo- «That seems to me very great and lng. for they fled before It, running * work beck of the German lines, ^ oLher countries whose men noble—that power of respecting a belter skelter toward our trenches, ^ich French war prisoners reused	^ front. But though feeling one does not share or under-
5 :s sas s r	v:=« c yss z b".r.rv.^z.r,3!	"—•
begins to bite the throat when there Sported Belgians are boys of 13 and	^	understand how this
Is a great deal of it Otherwise, you 14 aTKj 0id men of 60.	„	dreadful war could have come about
*	On the declaration of	Count Hart- dreadM war^ ^
The Somme, Verdun, Champagne. ling concerning guarantees	< "The last Durbar at Delhi accomplish
! SrSHàH cfElSeE jsr, izrttijatg
SHmSS i=»&= Sb‘•—
dropped shell, there all the time. If German/, own term, of peace are these did not actually destroy the , accepted.	-g0, now
buildings they started flree In the city.	%	that It Is to help King George that
The boches thought that by destroy |	ROSE TO THE OCCASION.	the£e men are going, and they are
lng the walls they would destroy Ver- ,	-	verr brave about giving them up.
That was their great mistake, The captain and his family were re- HQf the 700 ra]ahs In our country
for we would have defended the bare turning to their quarters a little late, ^	been loyal Few of the
ground, covered with masses of brick , and were stopped by a «entry ee duty ,. ghe explained, "are Brahman, and burning wood.	tor the Out time.	«	most of them belonging Instead to the
"I was back on the Somme In 1916 "Who goes there :	... warrior caste,
and then In battered Verdun once «Captain J., Company C. and faml- „We hev# now in India." she stated, more it was leet year, but nothing ly.~ was the response	lmmenee standing army, a great
had changed The booming was still The rookie was slightly puirled as fonce force- to which every collage rolng on and the deeolate landscape to procedure, but roe# nobly to the hgg contrlbuled Its young had not Changed. It could be no worse, occasion :	"Advance, Captain, and be ^ <he parlous war front* are Brah-
•In July of last year 1 was sent to recognised, rest of family mark time. mgji lnd|en Christian. Marhata, Sikh
ss« S1=	' TH.	s » - ¦—	-------
•*We bmd been tiring quietly In the Marcia Beale* (Royal Mardi).
g) lioC4i*
Now, some lie deep in foreign soil, And some are home again— Disfigured, maimed—life hostages To patience and to pain.
Yet, as she serves with soothing hands And tireless, willing feet,
A cot-filled ballroom, where once more Familiar faces meet.
Of course They Just
shot him.
"That le the reason that 1 want to kill and kill the boches lighting against Innocent children.
"The father escaped and was captured, then he escaped again, but they caught him. He reached us finally. Was he glad? Eh bien oui! His wife and mother? He knows nothing of
their fate.
That Dull, Incessant Booming.
They are
FOB BALE
The canteen worker must have an
i that is practical and »lde
McCall Pattern No. 8456,
EEKLT NEWSPAPER FOR BALE
Owner going to Worth double
W
In New Ontario.
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER and Job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried 11,600. W 111 go for 11.200 on quick sale. Bo* 6», Wilson Publishing Co. Ltd.. Toronto.
apron and cap becoming. Z_.
Ladles’ and Misses' Canteen Apron and Cap. In 8 sizes, 82 to 46 bust.
Price, 16 cents.
These patterns may be obtained
from your local McCaïl dealer, or ; Europe, Mr. De Courcy W. Thom tells from the McCall Co., 70 Bond 5 » of a traveller who said to a very small Toronto, Dept. W

*
But the re-
AN EQUALLY EXTENSIVE VIEW
or even

W*
A literal Interpretation of a commonplace remark is sometimes amua* In Mid-summer Motoring in
From windows, filled with broken lines,
She sees with wistful glance.
More lads who leave for Italy,
For Flanders and for France.
lng
agents wanted
A GENTS WANTED—$1.000. ^ou A can make it In your county with oui fast selling Combination Cooker. On# salesman banks $388.65 the firnt month.
Other*'clîanfn*	1 JVly^No etpU
tal necessary. Goods shipped to reliable
I bought a horse with a supposedly	"u*rk"tô secure your field. C'»m«
incurable ringbone for $30.00. Cured binatton Products Co.. Thomas Hidg.#
him with $1.00 worth of MINARD’S Foeler Que “Where do LINIMENT and sold him for $85.00.
Profit on Liniment, $54.
boy then making his first voyage, who vihad climbed upon the bulwark and INDIA’S CONTRIBUTION.	was gazing across he ocean to the
----	, u , far horizon, “My boy, did you ever
King George Is a National Hero n beforo eee BUCh a glorious stretch of
far as you can see, only
plied the youngster.
?
the
Vast Empire of the East
ocean—as
sent to Dr
who has been In	,t
International War Work Council
MIBCEI.LANEOUB
wœgs
a
MOÏSE DEROSCE. Hotel Keeper, St Phllllppe, Que
the
snd Prentiss. Toronto.
4
mkMmsJà
Limited. Colltngwood Ont
STRATEGY.
Co
lng
SMOKE TUf KI TTS
T& B PLUG
r

i
A Complete Sentence.
In one of the many navy schools a Can nothing that can be kept with- y0Ung instructor wa< attempting to out canning. Dry such vegetables as teach English to a gruff old sailor, com, string beans, navy beans, ma-1 "What is a complete sentence?” he ture lima beans, etc.
/
'/
9.

«

said
m
“Solitary confinement, bread and water,'* was the grim reply.

!
- e
Ulnard’I Liniment Ouree Colds.
L 1 .
*«
The active feeding roots of a tree are not near the trunk but out on the very ends of the new root#. In watering a treep it does not do much good to just pour water around the
stem.	I hs t r : - " It f
out as far as the branche» re#A.
50*
i
Takes out the Inflammation-
Seres, Isis
The word lancet Is found in only place in the Bible, I. Kings, xvli., The term is not the well-known blade used by surgeons, but appears to mean a javelin, or light spear.
wwt,
bl.e
pW«% ee4
one
the women of India feel
asaeicf 1er •
an IT SmiDT COMVAHY.
28

Ce»
dun
#

e
ISSUE No. SI—118
###PAGE###8###

s
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
The SMo Boot and Shoe Slow
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Thu time in hurt* when wu have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the scarcity of labor.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Menu-
Cheapness in Shoes
The Empire Mechanical Milker
ments over placed before the public ofthisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending
purchasers interest to consult me before placing their order ! commended wry highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government ,	,	v . .	4	.	4l .	„	Exp. Farms. The fact that it in being used by twelve Experimental
elsewhere, ot lung too large—nothing too small.	I Farms nml ( 'ollegvs ill Canada, furnishes convincing proof vl Its mûrit#.
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL -
To The Empire Che am Separator Co., Montreal
“ I like the Milking Machine fine and would not be w ithout it at any price. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking.
I van milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Bay, R. R. No. 1.
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Seimrator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory
And on this score low prices and real cheapness were
far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
WANTED
Most things can Ik* anybody a gift — your portrait is distinctively,exclusively Make an appointment to-day.
II Imisun, Artist in Portraiture.
never so
Secretary Treasurer wanted by the School Commissioners of No. 1 school, Lower Litchfield. Apply on or before Sept. 1st, next, stating salary expected
ROBERT MAN WELL Chairman of School Board,
R K No. 1, Portage du Fort.
your*
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
FOR SALE
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
Strip of land running fiom government roa<l to the river, part of the front of Lot V‘, Range L Bristol. Splendid pasture lands, well wooded and timbered, unfailing w at* i.
Fifty or one hundred acres as purchaser may desire.
For Sale
One Frost & Wood Daisy Reaper in good working order.
One Dump Cart with Harness complete; will Ik* sold at a very low price.
WM. ADAM HODGINS,
5th Line, Clarendon.
J. A. MACFARLANE,
Bristol. Que
MASSEY-HARRIS
Card oî Thanks.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Murray wish to express their sincere thanks for the exceedingly thoughtful and kindly acts extended to them in the recent illness and Ifcreavement of "their son, Harvy, by their many friends of Pontiac, and the officials and nurses of the Protestant General Hospital ; also to express
their deep appreciation for the beautiful flowers.
In buying we look for service, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us
to the lack of them.
7-1
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
flew Barber Sljop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
>
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
Letter on Oats is a Forecast
01 Damage.
In tin* opinion of Dr. Frank T Slmtt. assistant director at tin Experimental Farm, the letter \\ hieh ob-ei vers of natural phenomena in Western Ontario haw fourni on oit leaves, and whose presence they have interpreted a-forecasting the end of the war, i> not a ' H nor the figure “S'* either, hut possibly the letter "ft instead.
But Dr. Slmtt dins not consider the mark as a good omen, instead, he says that its real portent is that another war must be waged—not against the linn but against rust, which destroys thousands of dollars' worth of grain every year.
It is not an unusual occurrence for rust to form in the shape of the letter “It" on oat leaves, but every year since the war started
credulous per-on-, seeing the letters for the first time, have jump-,
cd at the conclusion that it is a	_
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
in the Immediate future.	I ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
Customers may rely on getting prompt and satisfactory service at reasonable rates.
Your family, friends and business a sociales want your portrait* range <•! folders to choose from
H. IIIISON, Artist in Portraiture
Local and District.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us.
V nice
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
A number of friends from different sections of the district, were guests of Mr, and Mrs. A. Howard, at their Green Lake cottage on Friday evening last, and enjoyed a good time, although the few months, and was apparently weather was a trifle cool.	in good health. Saturday he went
over t * * where his sons were working on their farm and very shortly afterwards his little grand-daughter found him dead on the beside a chair where he had sitting. The cause of death was sunstroke and heart failure.
The late Mr. Walsh, who was seventy-five years of age, was born at Bristol, C^ue., and had resided on a farm about one mile from Quyon for about fifty years. About three months ago lie sold his farm and went to reside with his daughter. His wife predeveas-_	,	. .	. ed him twenty-one years ago.
On Thursday night la-t about He is survived by three sons and twenty-five of her young friends, t|uee daughters A. II Walsh, took occasion of paying a surprise ,Ottawa. Ont: John and Archie, of visit to Miss Florence Howard at her-uminer home at Green Lake, for the purpose of spending a >jVs* sociable evening together, and to (>nt present her with a small token of remembrance before taking liei departure for the West companieil by her father, G. A Miss Howard left on Tuesday foi Girvan, Sask.
Mrs. K. M. McAllister, for the past
NOTICE
The undersigned wishes to an nounve the opening of a Jewelry Store in the premises lately vacated by H W. Hodgins.
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will be thoroughly guaranteed and receive Ids personal attention.
A recent note from Miss Lynda Lang, trained nurse, (who ha been n resident of (doversyillt N. Y. since her graduation from the hospital there) states that she has joined the American Red Cross, and may go overseas shortly.
Members of the Shaw ville 11 M. Club enjoyed a very pleasant afternoon at Green Lake on Thursday last, at the invitation of Mrs. G. A. Howaidand Mrs. W. K. Maitland, who were conveners of the function.

grass
been
B. J. HAMILTON
<
Office and Warerooms
BERT WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
Formerly of Bank St.. Ottawa, Out
tjnyon ; Mrs A II McAdam, and	----?------
Mi>. K. M. McAllister, Quyon : uml Can We chain the Fire Fiend ? Ernest Ritchie, Pakenhaiu,
The funeral, which was largely attended, took place from the residence of Mrs. McAllister on Monday afternoon. Service was conducted at the house by Rev Mr. Berkley, of the Methodist Church. Interment was made in Hard ley cemetery.
o
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
Irvin Hamilton, Rec.-Secy
There are some very interesting and instructive diagrams in a bulletin on forest fires just issued by the Forestry Branch of the Department of the Interior. These diagrams show that throughout Canada, whenever the rainfall becomes unusually light, the number of fires increases. Generally - r .of	speaking, too, the higher the tern-
On July 12th, 1918, the An 1 of nere is uriei inaeea.	uerature the greater the danger of
Death entered the home of Stew-1 A w idow of Pembroke was ob- fire. The bulletin is entitled“For art Leiteh, Starks Corners, and j liged to part with her sou in re- est Fires in Canada 1914-ltl," and carried away their son, Robert spouse to military law. She plead- the extent of the losses to the na-Andrew, aged eighteen years and jet 1 with all a mother's tenacity, tion from this cause makes the seven months, from hemorrhage of | but neither tears nor tenacity won publication of particular value, the lungs. He has left to mourn their way. The boy went across The statement of these losses w ill his loss his father and mother and anil in due time took his place aid in arousing Canadians to the two brothers and five sisters, valiantly in the fighting line. He need of stopping forest lires and namely:	Franklyn, Wellington j was wounded and was invalided details of statistics will show that
and Claire, Laviuu, Gertrude, home. Last week he arrived. Na- forest fires can be stopped, just as Frances and Edythe.	turally he leaned far out of the surely as losses are kept down by
The funeral service was held at car window as the train was pull- a good fire brigade in a city. With the home by the Rev. Mr. Me- ing up to the platform to see the the exception of lightning, nil forçai I tun assisted by Rev. Mr. Cook, i crowds and especially his mother, est fires are started by men, and if of Yarm,	She was quick to discover the men were careful there would be
He	was	beloved by all who	loved form and sought to embrace	no fires. The success of system»-
knew	him,	always cheerful and	him as she moved along with the	tie fire pioteetion measures is
ever	ready	to help anyone in	coach, almost being drawn tinder |	shown and the whole bulletin gives
trouble ami	in all his sickness he	the wheels. Last Monday that ]	much valuable information on this
never murmured.	brave, beloved boy was drown- important subject. Copies may be
The pall-bearers were Harvey ed in the Allumette-a strange had free ou application to the Dagg, Harper Cotie, Henderson j fate that preserved his life on the Director of Forestry, Ottawa. Crick, Emery Starks, Hilliard j battlefield only to destroy it on a 1 Sinclair and Wilbur Chapman. peaceful waterway. The grief of |
His remains were laid to rest In the mother w as p*lignant, passion-
Portagedu Fort cemetery.—Com. | ate, it penetrated the entire salient
of nersoul. All we can do is t<» send forth rays of sympathy with the hope that some may fall on the stricken spirit.—Ex.
K. S. H. Workman W. M.

At
!.. O. L. No. 27, in cts 1st Tuesday of ea
Herb Hoikiins W, M
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give usa cal
Reg. Hodgins Secy.
Satisfactorily done
OBITUARY
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 1 ith of each month
H. N. Hodgins,
W. Cm op. in Com
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
Reg. Hodgins Com. Scribe.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G. W. DALE

HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman
Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
Specialsfor Saturday
August 10th at Dover’s
- First Friday,
I
Just Arrived !
10 Men s Paramatta Double Texture Raincoats
Regular $17.00 for $14.75-
Save the Wild Berries.
Every effort should be made this
(h^tioii"tLheMvvrthti "wn.T'Us? 12 Mens Single Texture Paramatta Raincoats
berries and other small fruits which grow in abundance in this neighborhood. Wild fruits of all
kinds are most valuable and the 23 Ladies’ Poplill RaiüCOatS
crop should not be allowed to go	r
to waste.
It has been suggested that motorcar owners should volunteer to carry people to and from the berry patches, as many persons are unable to reach these spots
through lack of some conveyance. H IHH	I
Partie* of young girls and boy*. I Special prices on Boys’ 2 piece Suits in sizes 33,
who are too young to enlist for1	r
work on fruit or other farm*, could do this woik, and might go berry-picking with some older person in charge. Let some pat-
m tin',bTT%\buj^'umny	% I It will pay you to investigate above offerings. ONE DAY ONLY.
mobile owner* will tvillingjfr volunteer to carry berry-pickers if it becomes known with whom arrangements can be made.
Save our foodstuff* for our soldiers by doing your utmost to preserve all the fruits and vegetables ]K**sible for winter use.
o—ooo o—o
After a short illness, Mrs. Jns R Graham passed away at the Protestant General Hospital, on Tuesday, July 23rd. Besides a daughter, Jennie, this well respected resident of Wyman, leaves six
eii*
especially the young daughter. chief Wilson and Doctors Mc-1‘Satin and crepe de cbene fanny cama-np-nimn took plane at	! In nia and McLaren were summon- soles, boudoir cap*, fancy collars and
wViÆ-b. r™, : &	„!rd„,‘X™, n •&, % ,:z.
ai service.	' though the doctors worked for I made lace, week-end cases, darning Imga,
some hours to save the girl, she fancy purse*, Wool substitute—colors
died about ten o'clock.	Copenhagen and khaki—tatting, crochet
Papers on the dead man proved jng and embroidery thread, bone knit-him to be Ont hie Belle Donne, an
P
A new line of up-to-date Fancy Work, Hemstitched and Stamped Linen, Ready Made Fancy Voile and Lace ; also Pique and Repp Dresses for Infants or Children up to seven years.
Stamped Goods :
Baby bibs and kimonas, centre pieces, tea coseys, corset covers, asbestos mats with covers in three sizes, pillow cases, towels, combing jackets, fancy aprons, combinations, dressing saques, five o’clock tea covers, cushion tops, laundry bags, hot roll civers, dresser and buffet scarfs, maderia worked serviettes
Regular $9.50 for $G.T&
Double Tragedy in Timmins
Hotel.	^
To clear at $5,50
Ladies’ Corsets less 25 p. c, as we are selling out this line of goods.
34, 35, as we are overstocked in above sizes. Also many other lines.
Sunstroke a Cause of Quyon
Mans Death.
ting need lea, for sweaters
Quyon, July 31 —The death oc- Italian, employed on the T. and N. Cur red very suddenly on Saturday j (). section at Connaught. T of one of Quyon'* oldest residents I girl was identified a Rene Lever-in the person 6i Mr. Samuel Walsh. | ton. clerk at the Registered latter
ARCHIE DOVER
The I Rio Reductions in Millinery Till
Auoust 15th.
MRS. D. S. KELLEY - Shawville.
with his daughter, Wicket at the post office
