###PAGE###1###
O
No. 0, 37th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
AUGUST 1, 1»18
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVA Ml
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1871
Prompt Returns From Shipments
When you ship Grain, Butter, Cheese or Fruit, put through The Merchants Bank a Draft on the buyer. This is the business way of securing prompt and satisfactory settlement
It saves time and possible loss.
i
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest

4,750,000
i
A
94 Branche» In Canada
Goods Now Wanted
Items accepted for
COLLECTION
Binder Twine Paris Green
William's Fly and Insect Destroyer
Machine Oil Axle Grease
Ice Cream Freezers Fruit Jars Butter Crocks Chicken Feed A few bags first quality Door, Window Screens Corn at $3.00 bus.
0
on any point in Canada, United States, or elsewhere.
36
TH€ MCRCHANTS BANK
Fort Coulonge Branch,	W. NV. Mitchell, Acting Mgr
Campbells Bay Branch,	R. Leukk Manager.
Sh aw ville Branch,	A. II. Mulhern, Manager,
Portage du Fort Sun Office, Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corners Sch Office. Open Wednesday and Friday
Head Office ; Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWV1LLE BRANCH. .... OU YON BRANCH,
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH. -
Established.! 864.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager, C. E. SHAW, Manager
Let us supply your needs
We will do it right.
Your family, friend* and business asA nice
Bristol Presbyterian advt. on page 8. Very important. Head it
PERSONAL MENTION
sociates want your portrait, range of folders to choose from
H. ÎMI602T. Artist in Portraiture
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographers. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. lfl every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
Mrs. Barnett and daughters art’
Announcement.»Miss M. A. Hod	.	,	,
gins desires to announce that she has necupying the iarndy cottage at
Norway Bay.
Mr. George Connelly, of Murrells, returned last week from a visit to Kau Claire, Ont.
J. H. SHAW.
taken the rooms over W. E. Maitland's barber shop where she tuay be found by any ladies who require sewing done.
Our instruction Is individual, find the school is open duting the entire year; you limy therefore Mart at anytime.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not
Canadian Food Board License Numher
8 4503
The animal Sacramental service of the Methodist Church will be held on Sunday next, and ou Monday the regular quarterly official board meeting.
It is reported that some draftees in route to Ottawa by the C. N. R. last Sunday, jumped the train at Clarendon Front and made off through the settlement.
COWLING
Miss Bradley, of Hard ley, was
Mr< ot™' g,,Wt<>r Ur- an<' I P M.Vumn'Tw Uudent* Iron, other local .11 . v narn, _	—¦^¦ga^Mpp4^,ollvg«‘N have in the past Joined our cla#-
Mrs. Geo. {lodging was a week-I es. Names nnd addresses arc available.
Studenta are aealeted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Short-
Mies Mnry Young spent week-end at Green Lake, guest of | Send for circular.
Miss Florence Howard
OTTAWA,ONT
end guest of Mrs. Smythe and other friends at Green Lake.
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and he ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
W E.Gowlino, H. G. W. Braithwait. President
W. A. HODGINS
etc
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Rank and Sparks Sts
¦¦ Mr.	Mrs. C. If. Hodge,
Canon Smith, of St. James* Miss Lottie Shaw, and Messrs. Church, Hull, officiated at the ser- McLaurin and Raymond of Mac-vices nt St. Paul's on Sunday, donald College, motored to Chu|>-Rural Dean Phillips, being away canon Wednesday last accompanying the Bishop on hM^g
Principal
SHAWVILLE
See advt. on page 8 No supper at Bristol Anniversary.
.	* ..i.,: $ * * , i	*t Mr. John D. Macfarlane has ac-| Gillies Bros., Limited of Brae-
pastoral visit to the Gatineau dis- cepted.a position with the Militia aide, have work for a few able
lllvte t	_ Dept, in connection with the in- men in their saw mill or lumber
Krsr&C' *- vsl	â»5
storms In portion* of this district, Mr. and Mrs. Bert Richardson Superintendent.	Machinists are trained by practical
the country north of Shawville, and little daughter, Goldie, have Two old resident* of Lesli» town- pwhliitet*. doctor* by doctors, dentists
esassssttr”* —
Two men were fined $20 and $2 J^ha Hlcnai nson.	and Mr. James Stephens. Their one* trained by expert, experienced office
in the Ottawa police court last Mrs. F. C. S mythe and'son. funera's took place on Saturday *rc/or¦ expert office work.
sÿ n5KinR %T8U$S	s"""“y	...........
affords a lesson to others that ing the Wilson Cottage at Green there is danger in being careless. I Lake this week
EXPERIENCE
vs
EXPERIMENT
We regret to report that the a"Ie anywhere
üiiSlSüEliffli1"
*	M '"l ' T.'Zd SïltïS	»„L »n, «b »
The Austin H. M. Chib will mset Friclny fur Orillia, Out., wlisrc Oistnst Mestmit wi" hslisM I). \.. I at the home of Mrs. Jno. Fraser on he will spend the remainder of his !n t,ie Holiness Movement ( htiroh i Tuesday, August 6th. Program vacation.	h^re. Rev. J. C. Black. Snpt. of
Had Arm Broken. » While named by our Photo Artist, H. ,)e nii a cordial invitation to at-climbing over a low fence last Unison	| tend, is extended to all.
Thursday afternoon, Norris, the Mr. H. A. Carlson, of flaileybury, little son of Mr. and Mrs. A. G. dropped in to see The Equity foi Brough, in some manner fell on A moment while in town Saturday, his arm and had both bones broken | Alof came down from Haileybuiy. just above the wrist.	I to see liis boys, and to enjoy a few
A section of theCowdty of Leeds, days' outing with his brother at I and Mrs. Parley Ont, near Elgin, suffered much ton longe.	| < In lighter ¦¦¦¦
damage from a terrific hail storm Mrs. Steuben Juhncox, of Shaw-last Wednesday. Crops were ville, and Mrs. 0. Godfrey of Ot levelled and beaten into the soli, tawa, have returned home after Hailstones over one and-a-balf spending a few weeks visiting her inches in diameter fell for over | daughter. Mrs. N. E. James, 490 hall an hour
This
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa, Ont

Wîllis College
Sparks Street, entrance between Ketchum's & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates

Brown Optical
4 Pieces Dress Goods marked 35c. per yd., now worth much more. This is one old tinje bargaiq. Priced for August 23c.
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Births
552 St. Catherine West
Colonial Cliambrays Dress Binghams Oxford Cinglants Special Shantung Silk
20c. per yd.
At Radford, on July 28th*, to Mr.
Richardson, a
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Nca- Stanley St
22
ii
Marriages
25

FOR SALE—Chevrolet Car. 1918 model in good condition—has run less than Zôwu miles. Apply at once to G. A. Howard. Shawville.
Hamilton—Way
v . . «1. d *. t	At Aylmer, Que , on July 21st,
Gilchrist St, Petvrboro, Ont.	by the Rev. Mi. Henderson. R. J.
The Registration returns showl. Master George Tucker, returned Hamilton, of Shawville, to Nellie that there are over one hundred from Norway Bay on Monday, O., daughter, of Mr. James Way, thousand men in Ontario with ex- .where he spent a tew davs visit- of Campbells Bay. Mr. and Mrs. perience in farm work who are ,nK. and was aeemupanied by his Hamilton left Ottawa same day willing to work on farms, but the cousin. Merrill Tucker, who re- on 11.5o tram for Toronto, with report does not state that this mained in Shawville for a few theobjectof Visiting Niagara Falls, number is exclusive of the mcii|d«y8-	Hamilton and other points of in-
who have been drafted for military I Mr. Harry and Mrs. Bolam, of terest m Ontario, i hey are exservice.	* Campbells Bay, accompanied by |wcled home on Wednesday even-
their son and daughter, Charlie »i/r of this week, when a recent ion
Notice.—Parties requiring let- ftnd Edvth, and Mr. Wilson, Mana- 'vm »e held at Mr. Hamilton’s
tering or cemetery work of any kind ger of the Merchants Bank, were I home on Main St. performed, are requested to thvir here on	i • ni
orders for same within the next two Bine Sea Lake on the Gatineau.
5ÉB82
localities.	I koine on two weeks leave Monday Ljster of the bride, was dressed in
The premiers of the Western I evening. ^	white silk crepe de chene, trimmed
Provinces together with Hon. Mr. Win. Wain man, and daugh- with pearl buttons and insertion.	Canada Food Board request»
Arthur Meighen. Minister of the ter, Mrs. Merrill, of Watertown, The bride s evening dress was of „ii	tslrp nniit* that rorn
1 s ese».:
week. Premier Borden and Hon. and daughter, Edna, of Ottawa, cheque*.	should chemical*, the break or an)
Mr. Rowell are remaining in Lon- motored to Shawville Friday All join in wishing Mr. and Mrs. mechanical coutmance that has for it» don foi a few weeks longer at the ! morning, returning Saturday, ac- Newton a happy and prosperous purpose the whitening of the loa., i* request of the British premier. jeompanied by Mrs. J. Lester. 1 future.—Com.	j employed.
90
ii
K?" Business notices on this page 8 cents per line.
Food Board Ask Bakers to Produce Dark Loaf.
In a letter which is being sent to all bakers throughout the Dominion, the Canada Food Board urges upon them the importance of using these substitutes for wheat flour which are most readily available at moderate prices.
Following is an extract from the letter
"The public demand for white bread, which has been developed for years, is a temptation to bakers to use large quantities of high-priced substitutes, and to employ labor in mechanical processes for whitening the loaf. The public must be educated not to expect a white i loaf, and must be taught that a well baked dark loaf is equally palatable and nutritious. The Food Hoard is already doing what it can to impress this fact
F. S. Black Cotton 20c. per yd
Is the best value—a real cracker jack
A few 15c. Prints. Secure a few yards, you won’t buy them at
this price again.
Newton — Robertson
J uly 20
We are offering Special Bargains in all lines of Dry Goods this month. It will pay you to buy your fall requirements now.
upon the public, but the bakers must also help by using those substitutes that
are most readily available at modérait


W. A. HODGINS
no
8-3551
Canadian Food Board License Nimber
###PAGE###2###
QUEEN MARY LIKES BOOKS.
Cream Wanted
2
It Has Proved a Revelation
Read Much Fiction But Is Fond of Memoirs.
mm
Dose Not
\
W# are In the market for cream all through the year. We pay the HIOHH8T market price Our plant la right up-to-date. In buelnese since 1101. Drop us
particulars.
m
\
Quran Mary on the occasion of the royal silver wedding:
"Queen Mary due* not care P«rtlcu- pr|vate publication. But ahe U B
larly for a port, animals or o pe[ ', great letter writer. She writes aim has she the modern Interest n	feelingly, and with much force of
CANNING PEAS AND CARROTS.	ehows. but she loves modern P'*>*: diction. She corresponds at length
Under existing circumstances to- using a mason jar. turn the lid until particularly comedies; »« ¦ M,tori-1 with her children, especially the day, it és vitally necessary that we It » tight and then give it one full reading. Particularly memoirs, history	^ Walp,
can. dry ami conserve every bit of turn backward to loosen. Failure cal or modern »«r »' French wo- "She Is a lady with her strong die-available food. Do not let as much , to fasten the lid sufficiently will cause reel km was formed by » FJ“ ,h, likes ss well as likes and to her mind ns a single handful of vegetables go the liquid to seep out of the jar, man. Mme. Brlmka. wh‘> ,u	h there Is no special virtue In the word
to waste	From now on plenty of while if it is not sufficiently loose the German governess who g ^ smart.' Queen Mary's taste In dress
TD V IT! available war garden products will jar will burst, owing to the pressure youthful education T _Jrt„e le her own-not fashionable or un-& *“ * * * * abound	of the air generated in the jar while with her from 1885	t' fashionable, but above or outside of
iSiMassa^”
iwiilii
we1**
tween the ears of the horse, her face Mr Burt, j«m	to be married utensils that are to be used
changing from white to read.	abortly and I want a settlement of additional time required for this ^ur-	In Memonam.
sir
honest, kindly Paul Morrow must love	..	turne., awav peas, which are nch in nitrogenous Brave sisters lie beneath the sea,
‘•Kts •&» rrarsà	«%. <»->¦»	re	T”
as 'trwagr &	—	erJ,M,syrXr*n’ - * «*———-iHt
IISæt;,i«	w -
coat-sleeve. She travelled up the	herin -Ztlc.lJuence	deep in the basket; if any heat is felt, | price.
K’U'.MS:;wlwrL“&S"*""MV Mb. win. whn.
ZeEbI EEH	is:=E-Bv-BEE	-
the dust. Julietta stirred, heard the baby bundled up, got Maggie into the place. Now when starting to can. | creak of stirrup leathers, the jingle of wrap tind hastened them tK)th out and Firs^^^Blâllch a bit and spur, the thud of hoofs ceas-| jn^0 buggy. Mr. Burt had dis-ed. and a voice wakened her back to appeared. the present “l>are!”
To Millions of Tea Drinkers
t
Oo.

f4J-a Klu

Absolute in Purity.
Rich in Flavor
Scaled Packets Only Black—Green or Mixed
}
e e
6466
Runaway Julietta
innniimminniHW
WILLIAMS
PIANOS
New
Settle
for the process
'THE example of the late 1 Queen Victoria In ee-Iacting the Wllllama New Beale Plane haa been followed by many of the world's most renowned musiciens. This fact his caused It to bo known as the Choloe of the Great artiste.
The
%

and
I

<
Louie XV Model, $650.00
YHE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA ONT.
Canada's Oldest end Largest Plano Makers
¥1
1 fit)

Ingtàm's
MilKwëed Ctêajtj,



i, >
This is placing But we can leave you in your rest, the peas in a square of cheesecloth Only because with zeal and zest, and plunging them into a deep sauce- We will avenge each life laid low
- arEACizzsc w,.h.......... ,„m » .h..,
remove and plunge at once into cold Sleep softly, sisters in the deep, water Drain quickly and then fill Into While we, our trust with you will sterilized jars and then fill with boll- keep,
ing water, adding one teaspoonful of He shall pay dearly who has slam, salt, one teaspoonful of sugar, to each W hose honor bears the awful strain.
quart of water used. Adjust the rub- «Vengeance is mine," the Lord has bers and lids and partially tighten.
Place in a hot-water bath and process
Count the time



•‘This is my cleaning-up day.” said Julietta a trifle grimly. "Ever so lie was standing beside the buggy, 0ft*n things have to be adjusted, one foot resting on a wheel hub. Maggie dear, and to-day I’m adjusting There was a touch of color under the qUj^ a few things bronze of his face, but his eyes were “Where are you taking us?” queried steady, unafraid, unapologizing. Bé- Magpie as they turned into the councause they were grave and unsmiling ty highway, also, Julietta could meet them frank- “Never you mind," rejoined Julietta
playfully. "A surprise party."
“I wanted to see you,” said Clay, his By the time the horse turned into
meaning. ‘‘The the Wurrell driveway she had the
frightened look out of Maggie’s eyes, and a glow of color in the pale i. But suddenly Maggie shrank
Many women look older then their years largely because they do not take proper cere of their complexions. Ingram's Milkweed Creem will keep you looking
younger thee you ere. It keeps the completion clear aid colorful. It keeps the skin soft end In 4 healthy send It Ion because It hesadletinctivetperapeut.ceffect Ittonesup thedslloetesklaeaauee. Twosiscs.SOc andSl.
1er

m
/ckere
is Beauty ICI' in LVery v Jar7MS'

&
or shlnlneea çf the nose and forehead try Ingram# Vtlvsols Souveraine Face Powder. It la so fine and delicate in texture that you •an scarcely detect It yet it eteye on end effectually consents the minor Imperfections of complexion and hides pereplret'on, 90c- A Kill line ol Ingrain's toilet products Including Zodente far the teeth, 25c, is at your drugstt rr
l
ly
said,
Oh, God,'avenge our noble dead,
And when the sun of peace shall riss
May victory own their sacrifice.
tZ
voice pregnant wi
Wurrells told me you’d just gone His words quickened. “1 had to see you— you know why—after last night, cheeks
I 1 want to tel* you—”	j again.
Julietta wondered at the calm “There’s Pa now," she whispered which was upon her. "I’d rather not faintly, "and Ma too—on the verandah, discuss it."	! Oh, Julietta, turn around quick! I—I
"But I’ve mane up my mind to dis- can't—I'm scared—" cuss it," he persisted quietly. "I love j But Julietta, cold-eyed, swung the Dare, and I want you to marry buggy to the verandah steps, where He leaned forward, his hand stood the Wurrells, watching stonily.
"I love you, and “Pve brought Maggie and the baby
to see
for three hours
from the minute the water in the be til starts to boil
limit expires, lift the jars at once from the bath; test for leaks after securely tightening the lids | them in a room apart from the kitchen, so that they will cool quickly.
As soon as the jar can be comfortably held in the hand, place at once In	CapU|n gir Charles Bathurst, Chair-
a cold-water bath, adding two ta e-	Qf ^ gugar Commission, speak-
spoonfuls of salt to each gallon of lng recently ln the British House of water. When thoroughly cold remove Common^ ga!d that ihe Allies had no -and wipe dry. Place in a clean, coo » „r06pect (tils year of obtaining sugar dry storeroom.	from Java, and therefore it would be
Do not use salt in the blanching necessary to build up stocks from Do not prepare for canning Cuba ln order to provide necessary than will fill the number of winter requirements

As soon as the time
,s ft®wn m
?
A Picture with Each Purchase
WMkweed
»»»
No
NO SUGAR FROM JAVA.
Place
Jsüte
Each time y## buy a package of Ingram e Toilet aide or Perfume your drug* et wlU five you
WS
And the Cuban Crop Is Lea# Than Was
Estimated.
IS* or rerrume your omit Ji win , , ^.without charge, a large portrait of a world-lamed motion picture eetree.s. Bach tines you got a different portrait eo y ou make a cellectloa for your home. Aek your druggist.
9 ^HKr * i, jhip
r |UO*A*CO-
you,
me.”
closing upon hersHL ¦	¦
I wanted to tell you last night.
“We're a pair of sillies!” she broke from In withdrawing her hand; but her and advancing toward Mrs. Wurrell face was white. "Clay, you don't The latter drew back, know me at all "	I "What do you mean bnngin her
‘I've always known vou, Dare." he here, Lizzie Dare ?” was the shrill out-answered steadily. "We've always burst. "If this ain't like your im-knowu each other. I’m not silly, nor pudence! She pointed a rage-tremb-are vou. I saw in your eyes last ling finger at Maggie. ‘ There 8 no night what you must have seen in home here for that hussy, nor her mine- between us is no talk of super- child neither, so you can just take
IcU tkiUL »	«J	oome. Ma.” Jim Wurrell'.
each other always. Do you remem- gruff voice smashed her shriller tones, ber what I told vou that day long ago "don’t you get to talkin' so riled!
—the day you ran away?"	I guess I got some say here
•I can’t marry you.” she forced the Encouraged by some subtle note in words desperately*, yet with finality in the man’, voice, Julietta turned to her tone, and caught up the reins. "I Mm, holding out the baby. Wurrell can’t explain—now. I must be on my i silently eyed the little mite of humanway to town, Clay. I promised Mag- ity, then, with a faint softening of hk rie. as I told you, that I'd see her this grim face he thrust out one great morning. I’ll explain—later."	finger to the little hand that gripped
She urged on the horse, using the toward him whip in her grim eagerness to put her “There's your grandchild, Unde resolution beyond recall. She had a Jim, said Julietta, and handed him last glimpse of him standing by hi# the baby,
horse under the cottonwood, a stricken, I "You, Jim Wurrell!" shrieked the amazed, perplexed figure.	older woman, pounding on the hoards
Breaching La Vina,she drove straight with her crutch tou give back
housed Hatched her horse not far ffTfe concluded next week.) move from the fin; and drMn. Plunge
&\£d“for" a^momfnt* ITÜ,	Perle-	‘"rilltiokrT.™ adjust the rubhm
thought.	0 queenly city on the Seine,	and lid*. Partially tighten the lid*
Since that day when Parkis the Odi- who daraa disturb thy street# of and then place the jura in a hot water eue had cast insinuation# befrre her,	dream,	berth and process for three hours for
Julietta had known that some tbne ^	splendor of thy ways	pint jars and four hours for quart
ç-srs'szttÿs
Ei&sSisSnfSi»:- rzz ssar
“Miss Dare!" 9he heard a voice Thro* shadow-victory unseen	Up, when starting to process in the
calling, and maw Burt hastening to- With hand of woe upon thy heart	hot-water bath. Failure to have the
iWisf-###
"DM IT" fihe studied him, unsmil-!Nor „tm thy soul with wblsp'rlng way:	If the tops of the Jam are
doubt	not covered with water the intense
Say, I wanted to see you	heat will eauee evaporation to take
Can you rtep over to Nearby thy city walla perchance	place through the tops of the jars and
Will dauntless hearts thy cause do thus cause a shrinkage of the amount tend,	of water content of the
rot no-1 Breve sMfc unconquerable flame,	To partially tighten the lide before
LugM ' Avenge the wroo# of glorious France, placing them in the water bath
. Wladeer, OeUrie (94)
you," said she, taking the baby the nerveless arms of Maggie

process, more
jars that the water bath will comfort- 0f winter supply have ceased to exist ably hold. This can be easily done by [n consequence of shipping dlfflcul-mensuring the peas, allowing five cups ties,’’ he stated. Sir Charles added of the shelled peas for each two pint that the United Kingdom, by agree-Use pint jars; if the quart ment, was taking one-third of the is desired add one hour to thq, whole Cuban sugar crop, the United
"Our sources
l
days and pennies
jars
size	Bp—
length of time necessary for process- states and Canada taking the balance.
This means that you must pro- j Unfortunately, however, the Cuban hot water bath the quart crop was some 300,000 tons less than
was estimated.
I
mg
cess in a size jars for four hours.
Drying Pesa

i ft is
f fine "for
cleaning
cans - rirv
Peas not suitable fo canning pur-
be dried and they will be
poses may
found available for food purposes If properly done
then place them in trays in the sun.
To test: Drop a few of the peas on (i plate; if they give forth a hard, hollow sound and are perfectly dry and leathery looking on the outside, it is safe to assume that the product is dried sufficiently. Stand aside in a cool room to thoroughly chill before storing in glass or tin containers.
1
li
Shell the peas and
rk
ï

i
TO,
i
!
vt!
(omfort
?
The Canning Process
Shell the peas and then lay them
Scrape the
L
Safety First” in Preserving
44
E
Don’t take chances with your preserves. Protect them from mold and fermentation with Parowax, the air-tight seal.
Parowax on preserving day means happiness on opening day. The preserves come out with all their original flavor and rreshne
Melted Parowax poured thinly on the jelly glasses does the tridk. Air can’t enter. On fruit jars, adjust cover and dip in the melted liquid.
Parowax is odorless, tasteless, and absolutely pure. Sold in inexpensive 1 lb. and Vi lb. cartons. Your grocer or druggist has it

nub
PS
I •
¦ s

«
pees


i£r
IMPERIAL OIL, LIMITED
Branches In All Cities.

K
f"

the bank a m imite t
"No, I can't,” she returned curtly
"Whit do you want?”
"Well, well—hurry nev y thing.” and Burt
$12$
T. WmOHTCO.
- HAMILTON 3
ee 7#
jar
If
hoi
###PAGE###3###
i
:
Î are you not all friends, allies? Surely DA II I? MI A A UH I there can be nothing to complain of uUilljlfll/i falll/ When the neutral eoflûïièeaion would viftt the camps, the prisoner* would be given a short cut of frankfurter sausage and a lump of bread, no that it might appear that they were fairly well fed.
:
FRENCH SOLDIER
IN HUN PRISON
NIGHT MARCH AND DAWN. By Arthur L. Phelps.
57bz*tÆe’
THE CZECHS
GIRLS
BÛY
Marching men,
Thirty score;
Round the corner hundreds more; Glittering In the yellow streets. Yellow with the lamps and panes, Guns and faces; where retreats.
Skulking down Ragged day, marching men; Where the Hast,

n
GROUND UNDER THE HEEL OF AUSTRIAN OPPRESSORS.
MISERIES OF TWO YEARS IN
GERMAN CAMP.
1

Sawdust Bread
f
/
"This bread contained all sorts of stuff, such as potato peelings, straw
and sawdust. All prisoner* were Turbulent Little Kingdom Whose made to sign papers Indicating their willingness to work. If they refused to sign they were severely punt «bed.
The men.supposed that they were to
In contrast with the anxiety or engage in farm work, hot were sent Now that the little kingdom of willingness of the German soldier to to coal mines, salt mines and muni- Bohemia is much in the public eye as fall captive to the Allies, so often tion factories. I refused to work in a % country likely to rise in revolt manifested, is the declaration of Gas- munitions factory and was tied to a against her hated Austrian oppres-ton Julian Defoirdt, of Rhode Island, ' post for three hours. One group of wrs, a short account of this interest-that he would much rather die fight- prisoners, who persistently refused to ^ng nation will be in order, ing on the front line than to go work were told that they would be Bohemia is an Austro-Hungary through such pains and miseries as he j shot and were placed under a special province with the title of kingdom, endured in two years spent in a Ger- guard. At the end of eleven days, It is a beautiful and rich country shut man prison camp. Defoirdt, who ia during which they momentarily ex- hX hlKh mountains, and with the twenty-four and well educated, was pec ted to he executed, they were told Moldau, running through it. It ia visiting in France when the war came that their lives would be spared.	; surrounded by Bavaria, Saxony, Sil-
and very soon he was in the ranks.	"While in prison I slept on the same etia and Moravia, and has an area of
a s rriSMSi rr,;:	r zj « H;5rF
ear by a fragment of shrapnel and once. When I left, the straw was as Germans I he Czech is the lang-With many other prisoners he was I was transferred to Mersburg. After french and English have been taught
in the fifth century. Their language is a Slavonic dialect of great antiquity and of high scientific cultivation, and in musical value the Czech is
behind black roofs,
Gaston Defoirdt Tells How Teutons l ed Prisoners Food That Even the Dogs Refused.
Dream of Independence See on Dawn of Fulfilment.
Biff-- ‘ -
“The house is the place to sleep," said & was strange that they were so much Han(|„ ,nH feet|
Grandma Sloan, with much firmness, noisier than usual to-nigh .	Swinging hands,
"But I can sleep In the house when And the crickets, too! The giasi Swinging feet—
I am at home in the city,” said Mer- seemed to be full of them, all fiddling ijear the beat, insistent beat; ville. “Here in the country I want to frantically. Anyway, they would gee the long line heave and sway, do something different/1	stay In the grass and would not try to Aj| its body sinuous, sure,
“What la all this about?” asked sting hrm as the mosquitoes did. To An jtF colour lithe and strong, Grandpa Sloan, who came into the kit- be sure, few mosquitoes had troubled Q^t 0f distance heaving true, chen just then.	him yet, but they might be along in jnto distance swaying on,
“Why Merville wants to sleep out- swarms any minute; so he pulled the Withln law, a corporate will, doors!” explained Grandma Sloan. blanket over his head, and after that indurate vet supple, too,
“Well, a bed Is good enough for me,” , the froge and crickets seemed to make power ard motion governed
laughed Grandpa Sloan, "but if Mer- lese noise.	>
ville wants to sleep in the trees with But later—he d d not know how j Till
awakened him

the birds, or in the pasture with the much later -a noise calves, why not let him try it?”	He knew where he was, but he had
“I don’t want to sleep in a tree or in such a funny feeling inside! Perhaps
He sat up in the hamIt was
Flames too sudden-redly dawn, Thunders wildly a wild sky.
And a breath,
Sharp with shrapnel, whistling by, Breaks and shatters;
the pasture,” said Mervllle, “but in he was sick the hammock.”
mock and rubbed his eyes very dark. Clouds covered the friendly
stars. A big wind was blowing Scattered wide.	I	.
Tm°>"buïgl.rjr a ™ FRANCE'S LIVESTOCK LOSS.	teTJ111 Torts 'of m.uîs leased I might forget Ihe pa,t	next ^ the
The question did not seem at all silly	c.nTluduatlon In the Many of ua wer* wounded’ yet wegot	Wounda Were Negketad.	; A„ m)rU of gr,in are produced in
to him.	no attention whatever, being given | In Switzerland I was taken in charge ; abundance, and the best hops in Eu-
But in another instant he had slip- Home	Supply	of Dairy Products.	scarcely food enough to keep us f live by the Re(j Cross and kept in the rope are raised there. Its mines yield
ped	from	the	hammock,	run	to	the ^	g|nce the outbreak of	the war	and made to	sleep on the floors of	the	hôpital there for fourteen	months,	silver,	copper, lead, tin, zinc, iron, cohouse	and	Was	banging	with	both	lists,	prance baK suffered a loss of 2,600,000	dirty freight	cars.	Had the Germans given me	proper	bait, arsenic, uranium, antimony, sul		head of cattle. Allowing one million "When finally we found ourselves treatment for my wound I would have phur, plumbago and coal. Especially
"Well, well!" said Grandpa Sloan jQr j08R ^ue t0 Invasion, of the in the German prison camp conditions recovered in a few weeks; as it was, rich in coal is the country and the when he opened the door. What s j ten departments of Northern France were rather worse than better. There after years of neglect, dirt, semi- mines are the most productive in Aus-Aren’t you going to sleep 1,1 there reiffans a diminution of 1,600,000 were about twenty-flve thousand men starvation and hard work, I was in tro-Hungary.
head. Moreover the cattle that	are	at Altengrabow, all nationalités ming-	gutb condition	when released that for	Bohemia is known best to the worl i
left have greatly lost In weight.	Be	led. We were guarded by German	a time my life	was	despaired of. Even	for its wonderful productions of glass-
fore the war the average	weight In	soldiers who	had been incapacitated	now# after the best efforts of	the Red	ware.	In this country are employed
meat of slaughtered cattle	was from	for service at	the front and who on	ac-	Cross physicians and nurses,	the left	60,000	glass workers. But it doesn’t
770 to 880 pounds, whereas to-day it	count of their wounds were revengeful	gfcje 0f my face jg	partially paralyzed	lack other industries. The spinning
hardly exceeds 550 to 570 pounds.	As	toward us.	and I can see	but	little with my left	and weaving of linen, cotton and wool-
a result of this depletion of herds,	I>og8 Refused Prison Fare.	eye.”
France's	home	supply of	dairy pro-	*<it wou|d be difficult to picture in j Defoirdt says that when he left the as is the manufacture of lace, metal
ducts has been	diminished	by nearly	wor(js the awful conditions prevailing prison camp at Mersburg the Germane ! and woodwork, machinery, chemical
20 per cent. This situation Is espe-
1
“I’m afraid that he will roll out, or that he will catch cold,” said Grandma Sloan.
“If he rolls out he can get hack in •gain," said grandpa, “and it is too dry and warm to worry about his catching cold.”
Of course Merville had his way, when he had grandpa to take his side, and so H came to pass that when l>ed-time came that night he took a pillow and a blanket and made his way to the hammock, between two trees in the garden.
There were no lights in the rooms of the house on the side next the gar-\ den, but that did not trouble Merville —at first. It was much better than going to bed in the little room at the head of the stairs. He did not want to go to sleep; so he tried to keep •wake by counting the stars. He was doing very well, although the little wind that waved the branches overhead bothered him somewhat, when he suddenly noticed that the frogs at the foot of the hill were croaking much louder than usual Well, frogs were only frogs, and of

on the verandah door
this ?
the hammock, after all?"
"I thought I’d come in,” said Merville, “and besides, it’s almost morning, anyway.”
“Oh, no!” laughed Grandpa Sloan. “It isn’t half past nine, and I was just going out to get the colt in. him feeding below the garden, and forgot all about him after supper.” Merville climbed the stairs to his
It seemed a delightful
I left
len goods are extensively carried on,
in that camp. Our diet consisted for	did not seem quite so brutal as they	products, beet-root sugar, pottery,
dally serious	because	of its effects the most part of hot water and decay-	were two years before. They told	porcelain—*nd who hasn’t heard of
upon the diet of children.	I e(j vegetables—they called it soup.; him the war would end this year, and PiUener beer?
The following figures show the per Sometimes we were given herbs mixed when he left Mersburg they did not	Intrepid Fighters,
BSSmHHWHBf
that Germany had to lower her bread	’	At times the men became so deeper- Canada has been called the granary uniting with their neighbors, Hun-
ration at home instead of increasing 0 ,,nJ °	_	, . lh	. ately hungry that they caught and ate ! 0f the Empire, but no one seems to gary, Silesia and Moravia, until Bolt, as had been promised to the under- f A .	„	| |	. . | fh . . rats and even a dog. Occasionally we have thought of giving her the ap- hernia lost its independence to A us-
fed people, and Austria continued to R p, years‘after the war will be re ' were **ven herring broth, made by pellation: “the cellar of the Empire.’’ tria. But the Bohemians never con-starve a bit more rapidly.	uired to bring the herds back to a boiling whole, uncleaned herrings into And yet the potato cellar may be made side red themselves vanquished, and
Revenge For Oppression	g * . .	a thin liquid, the heads, bones and a very real counterpart of the gran- to-day their dream of independence
Certainly in Ukraine the Czecho-	scales of the fishes being served wit&Éggggggmgggm^0^gg^gÈ^^^g^gg^g|mg^^gmgg|
Slovaks	have	had	their	revenge for	i	* '	7™	the rest. One of the prisoners was	0f the war-garden idea, thousands of	Prague, the capital, is built on both
three centuries of	suffocation	and op-	Students on the	harm.	operated on for appendicitis after his	people are growing potatoes, who, be-	sides of the Moldau, is prosperous and
pression in Bohemia.	But through-	College students, particularly those	transfer and four herring heads were	fore the war, relied entirely on sup-	prettily located. It is 160 miles
out the war they have	launched shat-	who have had experience in farming,	found lodged in his intestines.	plies from the farms. There is thus	north-west of Vienna and seventy-fivi
taring blows against	their Austrian	should plan their vacations this year	"I have seen prisoners, rendered	every reason to suppose that potatoes	miles southeast of Dresden, and has
and German enemies	and the whole	helping with the harvest Things are	half Insane by hunger, fighting among	will be much more plentiful this year	railway connections with both. The
idea of Mittel Europe.	I so serious this year that they can well themselves for bits of food. If one's j than ever before
The Czechoslovak army is on the forego their usual vacation, well earn- rations were stolen or taken from him Why not convert as large a pro- s considerable height, the houses be-firing line with the Allies in France ed though it be, to aid in the saving by force and he complained to the portion as possible into potato flour? ing built from the river to lofty emin-to-day.	of the crop.	guard the answer would be:—’Why, ! potato flour mills require but a few ences. The palace of the Bohemian
In Russia 60,000 Czecho slovaks, or-	_    __	^ hundred dollars of working capital; kings is one of Its show places, and
ganized into regiments, are waiting	the machinery required ia of the aim- the partly finished Roman Catholic
for transportation to Canada or the	TIIC il/TCIf 1 V CCD MAM	plest and the resulting product is a cathedral is an old landmark.
United SUtes.	1I1E U LLIYL1 JLIVlTlVll	wholesome, nourishing food. Potato One of the principal groups of build-
Twenty thousand of these people	______ flour has been used extensively In ings Is the Jesuit college called the
BS BBS * BBS
of Bohemians and Slovaks have gone This text has been frequently mis- „ di ¦f th »	,	. . of very considerable expansion. Ac- Moldau affords it free transport to the
stationed in that part of Russia. This from United States to France to applied. Some have tried to read into conscientious objection to lending cording to Mr. Meeker, an American Elbe
army was composed of deserters from j0jn y,e	fighting under the Cse-^ii a condemnation of force. But such . .	...	,	, .	. «tote in the potato-flour manufacturer of long ex- Deserted From Austrian Army
PHü	mmm
units. They had fought magnificent-	heard of the letter that never kingdom and the kingdoms of this ch Utj	and Mohammedanism l clean and then sliced with the peelings would have been fighting still in Rus-
ly for Russia and again.t th. Au.- ^	world The, are distinct purpose, Thorne gathered the wild sonsTf on and dropped immediately into . a had it not been for the shameful
trians during	\	. The eyes that watched in vain.	P1**1 **d method.	the desert and sUrted on a career of water to rinse them and to prevent f peace of the Bolshevik: with Germany.
When the bolshevik g	You’ve heard the old excuses lame, Jesus Christ sanctions war as an in- conquest. His was a religion of the discoloration. Then, as soon as i„ all, there were impressed in'the
Russia there wa* no more „g , ;„g	Again and yet again.	atrument of the State, the legitimate,	«SWOrd.” The method of Jesus was practicable, they are either parboiled	Austrian army 360,000 Caecho-Slo-
t° be donc for the aiiiej cause on at	^ many a soldier far from home,	normal organ of self-defence, and He	distinctly the reverse. His kingdom or steamed for-eight or ten minutes,	vaks, who were sent with the Austrian
r:nVJknyXeCh • iA fh	Many sad hours has	spent	asserts unmistakably that if Hi# king	waa propagated by the “word,” By	when the starch will be cooked and	and German troops through Galicia
eluding 50,000 men in line ant e	Awaiting the |*tter	that did not dom was designed to take its place as	iovjng persuasion, by personal touch,	the slices will become transparent.	for the conquest of Russia. At first
number m reserve, was	1880 v*	come—	one of the kingdoms of this world then	by patience, by sympathy, by brother-1	The cooked slices are then transferred	opportunity the liberty-loving Czechs
#d	by Bolshevik! leaders.	wen y	^ ietter was never sent!	would His servants fight	ly kindness, by helpfulness Christian-	to a drier and, for the first few hours,	deserted and turned their guns on
thousand men WUMa to part	,	,	,	.	.	The attitude of Jesus accords with jty enters into the lives of men and are subjected to a current of hot air the men whose forefathers had torn
their weapons, however, and P J X Homesick, he, in the trenches drear, the whole tenor of the Scripture. The wins her victories by the slow, toil- not hotter than 120 deg. F., after from them their independence three awaited an opportunity t <> in Beside the held of flame,	: BiWe a war frofn cover to COv-1 gome process of education.	which the temperature is gradually in- centuries ago The Germans and their
transportation to the western ro t, Awaited throughout the .lays of	whether you turn to the wars of	F Versus Love	creased to 170 deg., but no greater, lilies paid dearly for this desertion
by way of he United States.	The letter that never came.	thex Lord in the earlier books or the	T, . . . . ... " The drying process is continued until	in men, guns and ammunition, and
BoUheviki leaders made no objection	Alert at the call of trump or drum,	™gion of Armageddon at the close of	kingdoms of this world repree-j ^ glicea are kittle, though it is	when the Bolshevik! quit the Czecho-
to this, but, of course, no means of j Twas sorrow his great soul bent, the canon War to maintain the in- cnt lh^ kmgdoms o force. V16	Immaterial if a few here and there Slovaks continued the battle, in which
transportation was provided. And knew that letter would n^er t^ty of the State finds ample Scrip- ^	represents the imperial- ^ thoroughly dried. They are no quarters was given and none asked
so they remained where they were.	come-	vindication. St. Paul, who was ,8,m of tov«-. ”e ¦ubd,uea the	then taken from the kiln and placed by the new army. The slogan of the
Why the Cupboard Was Bare	Because it was never sent.	gn estant contact with the camps ' mcn no.1 x l}Tce ° ej^s u y in piles in a room where they can be Czechs was “Death, but not capture.”
No ^ound received by the mon.trou. ^TC^tlemi^
*«¦***
Imm mmmmiÊËm mmr
Why was that?
little room place to sleep, after all

RED RUIN \ FROM UKRAIN1A
INSTEAD OF THE FOOD WHICH THE GERMANS EXPECTED.
It Was The Czechoslovak Army of Bohemia That Foiled The Hopes of Central Powers.
Who was responsible for the bare Ukrainian cupboard which proved such a black disappointment to the Teutons? It has just been announced by the Committee on Public Information at Washington that it was the remnants
which put the torch to that tremend-meal of wheat which the two Kaisers had promised themselves.
When Germany sliced off great pieces of Russian territory it was the Ukraine that was regarded as a particularly rich plum—the Ukraine pleasantly stored with grain so badly needed by the German army and the home population as well.
Deserted From Austria
But fortunately the remnants of the Czechoslovak army were still
Owing to the great development seems brighter than ever
ary
city is inclosed by hills, which rise to
of the Czecho slovak army
ous
The
same
if he lacked the strength a
400,000.000 Short of Food.
In Europe to-day 400,000,000 people are short of food. One-third of the world’s population is now on short ra-
A $2,000,000 Victory Loan which Newfoundand was asked to raise in |B|ki was obtained by popular
subscription in six days.
y

###PAGE###4###
i urn* s only one thing fn the whole conn, Helen, that by virtue of H) law |St of lucky or unlucky onion* that No. :!!*, passed at a special session of lVorks out In every detail, and that’* this Council on the 17th day of July, | he Idem of finding a penny and keep-
ng It for good luck.
Vnd having pm j "About three months ago I picked pared and have prepared said new «It - ip ou 0id gnen penny that was ly-lient urea, the said W arden and the two	ng in the gutter. I chucked It In the
persons following, to wit :	Herald II	natch pocket of my coat, and I have
lïrahazon, mayor of the village of IWt 4ept tt there ever since, age tin Fort, and Hugh llohlm, mayor "Before I took to carrying the penny ot the village of Shaw ville, who are [ couldn't turn my hand over without hereby named trustees with him for and t,slng money, and ever since then I've committee proposes	to	alter	all	four	en	on Mialf of this coi|*orution to sell said	uade money at every turn of the road,
trances to the building in a	manner	that	destitutes and invest the sinking fund	Hint's why 1 know It Is lucky."
rally 1 hereinafter provided for, are required "Let me look at your lucky penny?' and hereby authorized, by such means remarked a bystander. "I'd Just like as they shall deem advisable to place the same for sale, and sell same, in tin
il and Ih'Hwvs mo>t of the mer-will l*e glad to have the associa tion take charge of the work and charge the coat to them.
The merchants of Ottawa are being interested to a greater extent than ever this year in the exhibition. The inter-terest is evidence*! in another matter the Merchants’ Committee is dealing
with that of improvements to Al*ev-
dcen Pav ill ion, where most of the merchandise exhibit > are displayed. The
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE, AUGUST I, 191$.
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL d EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
1
1893, it is enacted as follows
“Section Second
an
Ouke Adolph Friedrich of Mvvklvn-
whcwholds the rank of
Schwerin ,1 in the Orman army, has lieon
d the crown of the kingdom of
l.u
EXHIBITION
rti
Finland, and is imderstmid to have ac I the honor.
ft
OTTAWA
September 7 th to 16th, 1918
will benefit it> apjieaianci and es the exhibits
the merchants with whom the matter has liven taken up are prepared to co operate a> t<» the cost of the improve tuent*. The space charge for exhibits in the building is very low and the ex I the alterations will pro Wily l*e . either through an additional space charge or a frontal assessment on the exhibitors.
At the conference I ad ween the coin -lings recorded mjltvv ant| the merchants, the Kiwanis
t "lui- was represented by ex Alderman Tom Frown, who gave the assurance on liehalf of the club that, should the a»><>-not disjHi.se of all the exhibit sjKice in the AUudeen pavilion, the club would take it over and find exhibitors
File exhibition management, however, is of opinion, from present indications, that tlie space will lie readily taken.
Sir. K. M. Trowern, secretary of the Canadian lletail Merchants Association, who has had several years of experience in connection with the Toronto exhibition as representative of his association, has strongly urged the merchants of Ottawa to actively interest themselves in the success of the exhibition. Director* of the exhibition state that, with the merchants doing their part, the exhibition will lie a greater success this year than ever.—Com.
-«‘in
peeially improve the setting <*i Mr. Cummings states that
the Dutch Govern-* exitort of iHttatocs I the latter has threat* top the shipment of coal to Holland. The little country is thus
led at home, i.is cut oft tl
N vi*< ment li to ( îvrmanx envd t
o touch the thing."
The peimv wise mnn run two fingers
monv) market at and for the lient prive 0to his match pocket, end ns he dtd obtainable therefor, on or More the so he exclaimed :
first day of February next, and out of «By cracky ! I'll bet I've lost the I lu* proceeds of such sale, after all Gained thing. In fact, I know I have, charges and costs shall have liven paid, | 80nt this coat to the dry cleaner the to pay over to the present holders of |ny after 1 found the penny, and I for-said former delientures the amount due ;ot to remove It from the pocket." to them, and recover, redeem and get Moral:	Prosperity seems to be, In
back from them for this corporation the «orne measure, psychological.
.i.i former debenture, amt if said bonds cannot be sold Indore the first day of February, one thousand eight lnm died and ninety-four, they must Ik* sold
».
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm «nd War Garden Products— Military Features Government Exhibition of War Trophies -Aerial Feat»—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits-Auto Show-Dog Show-Poultry
Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horae Racing -Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time” Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing ght. Saturday Sept. 16th -Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
placed in an awkward position and doubtless >\ill have to bow to the will defrayed
|K*I
of it> big domineering neigh!«or
Show
The tempera* m at the KxjHTiniental Farm last week show the jKM'iotl to have been the hottest experienced for ><»me years. Keep these figures in mind for future refer-Monday, 94 5 Tuesday, 84 c
The Good That Cornea of It
Do you think that the war Is making
. .	people legs selfish In the world and in
md dis pi wed of not later than the firs ^ United States? Surely It must,
m! August, one thousand eight hundred	Jn g0 mftuv places people are sac-
anil	,VlVlv- .	» if , i	riflelng their dear ones and their
" ^;uml f,«m And for the pur- u for B enus„
o |-aymg the interest on the mud ,ome more „ questl„n of honor and
new ,U.k:nture.s, and for the purpoMM.1	„r natlonal trnd|tton than jus-
tal.lt.-hing a sinking fund upon the r,ce or freedom
ammmt ot the said ne» debentures oui HIuI flIe of tlie German army, and
and above the interest thereon, ... order	Junlor offle,r,. They are suf-
*«
«uns, even if forced, have paid such a price.—Edwin A, Abbey, II, In the Atlantic.
nation
ei
90 -
Wednesday, Ss *
Fi ida\
ville the mercury went up to 92 ~
rhnrstlnx
t hi Saturday at Shaw
for it
Even if it eeeius
m

I often think of the
tvs
John W. Hr ant, Treasurer
STEWART McClknaghan, Preside*'t
According to a dispatch dated London, July 27, the German* now retain virtually nothing of the ground they conquered in their great attack of July 15 along the Marne it is stated. General G on rand’s army, by a series of local operations, has expelled the enemy almost everywhere from the narrow belt lie occupied in Gouraud » advanced zone.
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
Fast of Kheims
MARKET FOR
PULPWOOD
Surely some gnln
the issue of the said new debentures and every other year until the said de ntures are p ml in full.
Section Fifth
Life of German Reichstag to
be Prolonged
The Highest Market Price
\ recent dispatch from Washington Under the direction of the Vni-
says
ted States Employment service America's great army of wheat harvesters are prewiring to cross the border into Western Canada t i* are fav« the vanguard will
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
The said three trustees, ineluding the Warden, are charged	inclination to Experiment
with the investment of the said amount «why art, you In favor of govern-levied annually for sinking fund and t" !ment owner8hlpr pay the same annually to the Bank of Montreal or any other solvent monetary institution for the above stated purpose, provided such Hank or monetary institution accept the same and agree to pay not less than four per cent per annum interest thereon, and compound interest «>11 all such sums during said term oi forty years required to extinguish the amount of said debentures.”
Considering the fact that jthere is	,	..	.
" SIF	- -
said committee as to the deposit of the V® the war,
sinking fund ;	HAVE MANY QUAINT BELIEFS
Considering that from the date of the said By-law No. 2$) and always since, the sinking fund lias been deposited in the Bank of Ottawa at Ottawa, it might be presumed that the committee made special arrangements with the said Bank of Ottawa as to the dej>osit with them ;
Considering that it is a question as to whether this Council can legally, without the consent of the Bank of Ottawa, withdraw the said sinking fund and invest it elsewhere ;
Be it resolved that the Warden be, and he is hereby, authorized on behalf of this Council to submit a copy of Bylaw No. 21) to some lawyer and procure his written legal opinion as to the powers of this Council to withdraw the said sinking fund and as to thi deposit ing of it in some other institution which is not monetary.
Moved in amendment byoitn. Campbell, seconded by coun. Paul McNally, that the sinking fund be left with the Bank of Ottawa under the present arrangement—that i*, the County to be paid four per vent compounded semiannually, and the fund to remain in deposit with the Bank of Ottawa until the maturity of the debentures in 1934.
For the amendment — Councillors Campbell, F. McNally, Thomas, Burden, C. McNally and Dunn—6.
Against the amendment Councillors Jennings, Gilpin, Herman, Ward, Belec,
Kennedy, and Rimer—7.
The amendment was declared defeated.
For the main motion—Councillor#
Rimer, Hvlec, Kennedy, Ward, Beetnan,
Gilpin and Jennings—7.
Against the main motion—Councillors Campbell, P. McNally, Thomas, Burden,
C. McNally and Dunn—6.
The main motion was declared car-
New York, July 27.—The Berlim Tegeblatt of June 23, a copy of which has been received here, says it learns that a bill probably will be submitted to the Reichstag, prolonging the life of that body another year. The legislative period for the present Reichstag, which would have terminated in January of this year, was extended for a year in 1917. A further extension is now to Ik* made 14 U*va use the end of the war is not yet to lx* foreseen,' says the Tagvblatt.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
"I’m not exactly clear," replied the
But I’ve a vague Idea
If weather eondi
PULPWOOD
candid man that I'd like tq see some lines of busl-In the hands of elected officers
probably lx* engaged on Canadian farms in two nr three weeks time, the cutting now having progressed as far north as the Dakota." and Minnesota and# of men and boys who have been instrumental in saving the banner wheat
neas
who might try to make a hit by lowering prices Instead of raising them."
To be delivered at sidings along the G. P. R. and G. N. R. Railways
Thons
Pork to Win the War.
Flatbush—So you’re raising pigs? Bensonhurst—Yes. you know the pen
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
crop of the central west are now prv paring to carry through the same ser for our northern ally. Their cm
Galicians to Fight Draft Law
The Galicians of
Winnipeg, July 2 Canada will launch in the Winnipeg courts next week a te<t case to decide whether Galicians can be drafted in Canada for any kind of military service, combatant or non-combatant. The Galicians have retained as counsel Fred Heap and J. W. Arsenych, and if a king's liench decision here goes against them, they are provided with funds to carry the question to the Privy Council in London, it is announced.
>-
vice
ploy me lit in Canada is the result of an agreement between the two Govern-
Alaskan Natives Probably as Superstitious as Any Race on the Face of the Earth.
meats
Farmers and Dairymen % time is liere
The latest news from the great battle area of the past week known as the Soissons-liheims salient, is that the retreat of the Germans is still in progress, with the Allied troop" closely in pursuit. Utter destruction mark" the path of the retiring foe. Houses that eseajx*«l the ravages of shell-fire were systematically wrecked within and everything they contained reduced to rubbish. The city of Thateau Thierry suffered incalculable damage from this form of deviltry. T)i-qmtches say it is likely the enemy will make a stand on the wooded heights along the Vvsle river where there are strong entrenchments and good "lines of communication To dislodge him from this position will be a difficult undertaking.
In Alaska the natives have all kinds of superstitious beliefs. They believe that everything has a spirit, and that these spirits must be respected or else bad luck will come to them. For Instance, they must not throw away any old clothing, nor burn It, for that would be the same as destroying a part of themselves. They must make a bundle of the old clothes and put It on the branches of a large spruce tree outside the village. All fish bones are carefully put away In a basket to be taken out to the middle of a river, stream or lake and there thrown overboard. This Is done so that every single bone, after It is put back into the water, will turn Into a fish, and this Is sure to keep up the supply.
When a child Is born the father has to put away all tools that are mode of Iron or steel and Is not allowed to use them for 20 days. During that time he is not allowed to go outside to do any work or any hunting. Should he do any of these things It would surely cause the death of the baby. When a child dies It Is not burled, but Is wrapped In a bundle and placed at the foot of a spruce sapling. If the tree dies within a year the spirit of the child dies also.
When a grown person dies the body Is kept at least three days In the room In which It has died. When the time for burial comes the body Is burled on a hillside or a high bank facing the river. There Is the village of departed spirits on the side facing the river and on the other side the.spirits of the dogs who have died and who belong to the people whose spirits are there. The spirit of an old woman takes care of these dogs.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
Canadian Corps Most Effective Troops Overseas
The high standing won by the Canadian Army Corps at the Front i" the subject of reference in a letter which Lt. Col. Hugh Clark, Parliamentary Under Secretary for External Affairs, has received from Sir Roliert Borden.
Sir Robert, in the course of his letter,
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that saves von more money than any other tool used on farm
3	Because it is so simple that a child can red By learn to take it aimrt and put together again
4	Because it is so easy to keep clean
5	Because it is the only Separator
with a successful interchangeable capacity	o
0 Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
7	Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it is so easy to run
9	Because it lms a low supply tank and a high crank
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved wing
bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
A CALL SOLICITED.
V

sa vs
“ You will lx* glad to know that the Canadian Army Corps is universally recognized as the most effective and formidable force of its numbers in any of the 1 belligerent As to this, there is no
mm
It is announced that the Prince of Wales is to visit the overseas Dominions of the Empire some time within the not very distant future. Alluding to the proposed visit of the Prince the London Times says :
“ The Prince will go to the overseas countries of the Empire when the time with the unique advantage of having seen with his own eyes the shining qualities revealed during the ultimate test of character of the races that make up the Empire. He will go too for his own instruction and enlightenment as the King said frankly last year when he foreshadowed this visit in the speech to the Dominion and Indian menders of the Imperial War Cabinet and conferences of 1917."
armies
question in the mind of any man who has sjtoken to me on the subject.”
MADE IN CANADA
COUNTY COUNCIL MINUTES.
Minutes of sj>ecial session of County Council, convened by the Sec.-Treas. on the written order of the Warden, held at Campbell’s Hay on Wednesday, the
24th July, nus, at iot a. m.
Members present R. McDonald,
comes
The Warden, W. Esq., and Councillors Christopher Jennings, Michael Dunn, Richard Kennedy, Charles Belec, James Ward, Elisha Beeraan, Paul McNally, Walter Rimer, C. McNally, Joseph Oil-pin, Fred W. Thomas, Duncan Campbell and William Burden.
Councillor Rimer subscribed to his oath of office.
The See. Treas. read the Warden’s letter, dated July 12th, ordering the convocation of the special session, and established by certificate under his oath of office that legal sj>ecial notice of the place, date, hour and business of the special session had been served by him on each and every member ot the Council by registered letter on the 13th of July, inst.
The Warden informed the Council of his interview with the Bank of Ottawa, and of having procured legal opinions from T. P. Foran, and Murphy, Fisher & Sherwood as to the legal aspects of the withdrawal of the sinking fund ffom the Bank of Ottawa, and laid before the Council said opinions in writing ; also a letter from the Bank of Ottawa.
Councillor Rimer produced a copy of By-Law No. 29 which was read by the
Sec.-Treas duced a letter from O. H. Brabazon re lative to the agreement made with the Bank of Ottawa in 1896 as to the sinking f-
Moved by coun. Rimer, seconded by
Agent.
H. E. MITCHEM
ried
Moved by coun. Rimer, seconded by coun. Jennings that this Council do now adjourn.—Carried.
H
t
r
FOR SALE
two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney # Cure, and I aui free from all |»ain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. D No. 6, Renfrew, writes : 44 I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes ; u I was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.”
Mr. I). M. Robertson, Renfrew writes : 141 have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since 1 took the fourth doses of your remedy. '
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from | ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou longe Supply Co., Fort (Joulonge, Qu j. L Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; M. Joyce, Quyon, Que.; or direct from the manufacturer W. F. Ritehie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
H. T. Hu ROMAN, Sec.-Treas. Co. Pontiac Bryson, Que., July 25, 1918.
Strip of land running fiom government road to the river, part of the front of Lot 0. Range 1. Bristol. Splendid pasture lands, well wooded and timbered, unfailing water.
Fifty or one hundred acres as purchaser may desire.
Politeness le Too Neglected.
Courtesy 1 Prof. William Lyon Phelps of Yale university Is right in saying that the young men of today possess even a greater power of endurance than their fathers. The war has demonstrated that the luxuries of modern life have not produced a degenerate race. Our own heroes of 1776 were no more hardy than the young men in khaki today after six months of train Ing. The endurance of the modern soldier Is not alone a matter of physique or physical strength but of moral stamina as well. What we need to cultivate Is not simply a sturdy manhood through military discipline, but also to give our boya and girls train
ing In courtesfMÉI^HHMMi teaches obedience, a quality that our youth sorely need to acquire, but we need to Instill into the minds of onr children In the public schools lessons of politeness and respect for the rights of others.
No other nation has neglected politeness as we have dona.
Decorating Streets
Exhibition Feature
SAVE PENNY UNDUE CREDIT
Shirks and Bank streets will probably be decorated for this year’s exhibition on a scale never before attempted. The Merchants’ Committee of the Central Canada Exhibition Association is making plans to this end.
The committee has met representatives of the Merchants and taken up with them several Questions in relation to the exhibition, including that of street decorations. As a result, a pro-I osa I for the special adornment of the principal streets will likely he adopted.
The plan under consideration is that of assessing the merchants on 8}>arks and Bank streets on a frontal basis for the cost of decorating, the Central Canada Association to do the work. The mmittee pro|>oaes to employ professional decorators for the puqtone.
Mr. It. Clarke Cummings, chairman of the Merchants’ Committee, states that the committee has found the merchants favorably disj>o*ed toward the
J. A. MACFARLANK.
Bristol. Que
Story Will Please Thoee Who Have Small Belief That Pocket Pieces
Bring Luck.
Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
“Superstition Is a relic of the dark iges,” observed one of the supposedly wise men, “and It has no place on the Dattle ground of modern thought.
“I don’t believe in planting potatoes on Good Friday, nor In seeing the moon over my left shoulder. I think that a fisherman is foolish If ne spits on bis bait, and I don't b» ieve In walking around a stump three rimes to change ray luck. Neither am [ afraid of block cats that cross my In ray opinion all such things They are In the same
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : 411 bad rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used
Shaw
Military training
e.;
CoUn. Paul McNally pro
path
ire nonsense ;lass with that old idea about hnng-ng a horseshoe over the door. That's in old. played-out scheme, and It lever was worth a whooo.
CO
postage
###PAGE###5###
a scrutinized, ami immediately after jls regular training starts. Though .he Imperial authorities allow longer,
.he Canadians have cut the course )f training to 10 weeks to meet the lem * : i « I for men
which Includes the 28 days in segregation, the draftee has become a lnlshed soldier, ready for the
trenches.
That hateful word “conscript” Is absolutely forbidden in the segregation camp and in all other camps to which draftees presently proceed to ne absorbed by their respective units.
Punishment swift and sharp awaits anyone who taunts the new-comers.
But announcement of this penalty been seemingly superfluous. The general attitude of the veterans and volunteers towards the draftees has from the outset been kindly. Not a few of the newcomers have naturally had some apprehensions as to the reception they would meet, but their fears have been groundless. A pleasant surprise has awaited them MMnfortable camp in beautiful surroundings and a friendly staff, keen on discipline, but anxious to make soldiers out of new arrivals with as little severity as possible.
Canadian officers and non-coms, on the staff are loud In their praise of the fine physique and intelligence of the draftees. Not even the volunteers of the First Division showed a greater adaptability to learn soldiering. And the meq who told me this meant what they said.
Each clump of tents has its own kitchen, and the men are fed on the new self-help system. Everyone gets enough, but woe betide the man who takes more than he requires. Punishment awaits anyone who leaves food on his plate. It Is thus that the local pig-keepers pay much less per pail for Canadian swill than they do for leavings from the mess tables of the Imperials. Waste has been eliminated. That the food provided is good was demonstrated by the viands preparing for the pot. Good beef, fat bacon, lay ready for the knife, and here I tasted the first White bread I had eaten for months.
Lieut.-Col. Colquhoun, of Brantford, who commanded the 4th On-	,	__	,
Urio Battalion at the front in the Call lM and 866 OUF U1C6 display 01 early days, is the commandant.
A roar of rifle fire betokened that
nearing the School of Musketry, which is some miles from the quarantine encampment. 7' lying on their tummies, hundreds of draftees, who had, until a few weeks prior, never held a rifle in their hands, were blazing scientifically at a line of targets, Rapid fire was :n
and when the markers pull-
THE EQUITY,
810603
Canadian Food Board License Numiiek
?IVE YEAR
NEW ISSUE
4 Weekly Jourml devoted to loom Iqtoroiti.
Pabllihedevery Thursday
\i Shiwtille, County Pontiac, Que.
nu hciwptiok, $1 aYkak in Advance
tW All Arrears must foe paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
In 10 weeks' time,
0%
$6,100,000.
LOSS AND GAIN
CITY OF MONTREAL
FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
6
erf

You have everything to gain and nothing to lose by making your purchases in these lines now.
DUE MAY 1st 1923
ADVERTISING RATES.
1,02il advertising, 10cents per line for 1st Insertion and Scents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of ti cents per line for first Insertion ,uid 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In etraotlons accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-dished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
DATED MAY 1st 1918
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100. $500. and $1000.
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November.
Principal and interest payable in Gold in Montreal or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New-York, U. S. A.
l.TS
»,
The legality of the Bonds has been approved of by Messrs. Fleet. Falconer, Phelan & Bovey, advocates, Montreal and permission to issue his been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottawa.
a
Natural Shantung Silk
PRICE PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
A Silk that can be put to no end of uses for knockabout wear—general dresses for women or children, suits for boys or men’s shirts, 75c., $1.00, 1.25 per yd.
Subscriptions ere Invited by and further particulars may be
obtained at the offices of:
JOB PRINTING.
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
VERSAILLES, VIDRIC AIRE, BOULAI V»
RENE-T. LECLERC
INVESTMENT BBOKEB
160 St. James Street, - Montreal
Corset Cover of Baby Flouncing Embroidery
18 inches wide, and 150 yards to select from-solid or or open work patterns, 35c., 50 and GO per yd.
Quebec
Montreal
90 Si. James Street
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
Telepboeest Main 12*0 and 12*1 (ESTABLISHED 1*01)
Professional Cards.
BANQUE D’HOCHELAGA
dr. a. h. beers
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING STNDICATE.
SURGEON DENTIST
. QVK.
Men’s Combinations
BÂLBRIGOAN—Spring needle knit, short or long sleeves, knee or ankle length, 75c., $1.00 and 1.25, per garment.
Cami’HKU.s IUy -.Doctor of Medicine find Master of Surgery
iDoetor'of Dental* Sorgery, University of
(Llce^tültè’of Dental Surgery, Quebec
YOUNG MEN
S. A. MACK AY
STRAW HATS
We have the one that will fit you.
Men’s Underwear
we were
notary public
- . Que.
Here,
Nice and cool. Wear and witeh well, 65c.. and 75 per garment.
Shawville,
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
We have also a complete stock of
SPORT SHIRTS AND SUMMER UNDERWEAR.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, to.
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
progress
ed down the figures of the German dummies a most remarkable array of bulls and inners was signalled back as a result of the shoot. Col. Prim-soil, the Imperial expert in charge of Canadian musketry training, and Major Huggins, of Ottawa, the musketry camp commandant, are vary I THE TAILORS proud of the record bring made. The 1 ¦¦ presently did rapid fire with
The celerity with
Sport Shirts
Fine English Percale—free neck, $1.25, 1.50 each.
MURRAY BROS
•1
G. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
SHAWVILLE.
CEO. G. WRIGHT, K.C.
men
gas masks on which these novices in soldiering adjusted their masks and fired ten well-directed shots, is illustrated by the facts that these Canadian beginners have cut down the regulation time
allowance Issued by the War Council to less than one-half. Speed in shooting is the essential Impressed upon every rifleman, reasonable accuracy to be sure, but above all, speed. That is what counts in stemming a rush of Huns, small then
“The new system of putting draftees straight into uniform and sending them across to England at once, without any preliminary training In Canada, is an excellent one,” declared a staff officer. “They have nothing to unlearn as did men of the old volunteer system. Their minds are not beclouded with a lot of manoeuvres and practices, which they have to forget. It is far easier for them and for us."
People in Canada may feel assured that the draftees in Canadian camps in England are getting the squares» of square deals. All those I saw looked well and seemed quite satisfied with their new life.—-Douglas S.
AC
A>vooate, Barrister
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
- Hull.
196 Main St.
DRAFTEES IN ENGLAND
Cement From Sugar-Beet Waste.
A result of experiments in French factories Is the production of an excellent cement as n by-product of beet lugnr refining. The first step In the ADVOCATE	I production of sugar from beets Is boll-
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR ling them. It has heretofore been cus-
_ r t n A X- niTV ternary to throw away as valueless the
CAMPBELLS BA X, s!^Ikvb formed on the caldrons. But It
has now been discovered that this scum contains large quantities of carbonate of lime. It is estimated that 4,000 tons of the carbonates can be recovered from 70,000 tons of beets. To this quantity of the carbonate 1,100 tons of clay is added, the resultant product being a good cement beet scum is pumped Into large reservoirs and allowed to evaporate for a certain length of time before being mixed with the clay. It Is then stirred 3r beaten for an hour before being fed Into rotary ovens such as Is used In making Portland cement.
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
MEN TRAINED QUICKLY AND RUSHED TO FRANCE.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Soldiers Stationed In Old Land Are Careful Not to Taunt New Comers, Who Are a Fine Body of Fighters—Every Effort Is Being Made to Give Them a Square Deal.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
The targets are not so
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed tnesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
OLDEN gorse glows on the sandy hillsides, a touch of color among the dark olive green of the heather not yet Hard by a big pond of
G
Custom Sawing1.
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the ' District of Pontiac.
The
191 MAIN ST.,
In. bloom clear water, whose sandy bottom
makes it a delectable place for bathers, reflects the almost cloudless blue of an English springtime sky. While from the woodlands, which, clad in new verdure, stretch away from the lakelet’s edge, the voices of myriad
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
all kinds of
Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction of parties.
102 Wellington St.
Phone ; Queen 5230.
•Not In Hit Line. .
An auto load of Dunkards came into Winchester one day last week, and It was noticeable that the motor of their machine was “knocking.” They stopped in front of the undertaking establishment of O. O. Fraze, which Is next door to the Hecker & Doyel garage. One of the men left the machine and went Into the undertaker’s office, thinking'It was the office of the garage.
4,I would like for you to look at my motor and see what's wrong with It,” said the man.
"It isn't dead, is It7” queried the undertaker.
"No, it Is still running,” said the Dunkard, whereupon the undertaker replied: “If it Isn’t dead we can’t do anything for It. This is an undertaker’s shop.” The man was then directed to the nearby garageAHjlHHH
Rohertsnn
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Incorrigible.
At a certain, college it is against the rules tor male students to visit the “resident lady boarders." One day a student was caught In the act and brought before the headmaster, who said: “Well, Mr. Blank, the penalty for the first offence Is $1, for the second $2.50, for the third $5 and so DD up to $50."
“And what would a season ticket ;ost?" enquired the culprit.
The Smallest Calf.
A freak calf, which only weighs ten pounds, yet which seems well and active, Is the property of Chas. W. Barber, of Guelph. It Is claimed the •jdt Is the smallest ever known.
Soldiers of the Soil.
Boys enrolled as farm helpers In he Soldiers of the Soil organization doing good work with the seed-X In Ontario 15,000 boys have >een enrolled, many of them are now >n the land; In Manitoba over 1,000 ire at work; in Saskatchewan 1.100 ire placed; in Alberta 62 4; in Brit-sh Columbia 640; in Nova Scotia 1,398; in Quebec over 1,000 have >een already enrolled. New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island are «till to be heard from, but the en-•ollment Is under way.
Will Exchange labor.
Hon. Q. C. Robertson, Labor repre-lentatlve in the Government, stated in the House of Commons that an irrangement had been completed by he United States Department of Labor and the Canadian Department )f Immigration and Colonization for the interchange of farm laborers. Several thousand have already enter-»d the Canadian West under this irrangement.
birds fill the aie.
When Canada’s young draftees,
fresh from across the seas, tumble
out of their tents at reveille after
their first night in an English camp,
such is the scene that confronts
them. Such are the surroundings of the Canadian segregation camp amid the Surrey moorlands. Disembarking at the port of entry, the newly arrived on these shores are brought straight here. They reach camp at night, have a hot meal, and at once seek repose until summoned by the matutinal bugle, when their training as soldiers in the Canadian army has its official commencement.
Grouped in clumps which will accommodate one thousand men each, the snow-white bell tents dot the moor, the name of the encampment being picked out by the roadside *n white-washed stones. When your correspondent arrived the flaps of all the tents were up to permit, the air to circulate. In front of each, in faultless accuracy, were piled the folded blanket! and the burnished tin plates and cooking accoutrements of :heir occupants. Out on a neighboring exercise ground the boys were going through their preliminary training.
All troops on arrival in England from Canada must spend 28 days In this segregation camp before being drafted off to the other camps to complete their training. Disease some-imes breaks out on shipboard, though generally nothing more serious than a few -sees of mumps >r measles. However, quarantine a i needful precaution, and, outside certain boundaries, no man is allowed to stir until the time is up. Shore Is not granted until the draftee been flve weeks In England. On its first day at the segregation camp here Is a muster and roll-call. The second day is devoted to medical and lental Inspection, irdnance and kit inspection. On the ourth morning his web enulnment
If
v
U
II
HULL.
GEORGE HYNES
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville. PdrsonaLttention.Openallhours.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
X
ire
ng.
Character Came First If you are to become capable and efficient, desire, will, attention, concentration, purpose, discipline, reflection, analysis and research are each an exercise to be diligently applied. Wordsworth once resolved to make an excursion 'to the mountains, and. In spite of protests, carried out his Intendon In the face of a violent storm. Ue gave as his reason that “the aban-loning of a plan to avoid a slight discomfort Is dangerous to your charge-
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. m
Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A)	9.00, a. m
Lv ( Ottawa Lv Ottawa
(opposite J. H.Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
“	(C) 12.5.% p.m
“	(B) 4.30, p. m.
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 5.50, a. m Lv < Htawa Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
J. L. HODGHNS
14	(A)	6.40,	a. m
14	(B)	8.45,	a. m
"	(A)	3 30,	p m
agent for
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE ¦
er."
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m. Lv. Ottawa 14	4' (B) 4.45, p. m.
Ottaw a—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12.85, p. m
Mexico Expects Big Cotton Crop.
A bumper crop of cotton is expected his next year In Mexico. Indications that the cotton crop of the Laguna llstrlct of the state# of Coahulla and Durango will be three times as great is for the past year, when It amounted than half a million bale» of •
. QUE.
ire
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a. m.
Explanation of eigne :-<A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
only.
eave
3 as
0MPTLY SEC'JR
Model Houses-
Brantford Board of Trade will the third to have model houses built under the
new housing pisn.
o more
total vaine of ten million dollars. None if it was exported, hot It was all con-mined in the factories of the republic.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER» Agent» Shawville.
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S AD VISER, which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
364 University SL. Montreal.

###PAGE###6###

I
X
THE COMMUNITY DRYING PLANT
ouch and Herbert, the Herbert seem*
...	,	.	.	, to be freest from the disease. The
In the interests of market gardeners j oth#r ,w0 ver|,tiea are quit* suaceptl-
M“- ~
SHM
of the virtues of some of the older ma- ! agente for use in dairy barns, but on curling may Mcur then, the disease is j Although too little is known ab°i |	^ ^ f()0(j pro(luction, an enor- the in take end of the drier by the suctorial* in the maze of new prépara- account of their strong odor they more noticeable on account of the yel-, Leaf Curl to advise a sure mean	surplus of garden stuff has been tion produced
tiens	should not be used in the milk room ,owing whlch takes place during the control, one should always r7"°v* «reduced last year and this year. The patrons have their vegetables
and the milk should be taken from sUmm,r because of the unhealthy state affected plants as soon as they sh P	^ possible market for this and fruits all prepared when they
the stable very promptly after it i*, „f the foliage. Since yellowing of the signs of disease. They are of no ise h>ble stuff aside from the local! come to the plant. Two or three drawn from the cows.	leaves may be due to a number of in any case and are likely to *p ea	arHl murh of lt will necesaar- slicing machines are provided for the
No modem disinfectant excels fresh- Qther cau,eg such a, wet feet, poor the disease to other parte ot t	waste unless it is preserved convenience of those who do not have
S.	5ÆS KTZ	«-« S'*» "" --17 -*• "
-ft ..... ».....1 s St ££iTffsrts» £ ssreuflsji s ,o-,-7-"7
pounds on the market. It is import- Wr no fnllt when first attacked, grow and produce new shoots , mb	P	^ doing	work ,| A plant such as this has a capacity
ant, however, to use fresh, water-slak they flower aim„st normally, but the will also show Leaf Curl. It is P	.	^ can ^ purch„ed jointly of one hundred trays, which will take
ed lime. When slaked the lime should fruit u ^,,a„ and dry and shrivels sible that some of our Leaf t	^stalled in the schoolhouse or In care of about twenty-five bushels of
be spread about the stable floors and up beforv ripening, ao that little or no originates f™m	It a vacant store or at the home of one green vegetables per day.
dark places where the sunlight sel- fruit ever produced from an in- some care should be taken when set ^ ^ members of the enterprise. A I After drying, the product can be
dvm reaches. If it is desired to use ffcted bush Of the three varieties ting out a new plantation, to	rommittee can be selected to pur- stored in jars, paper receptacles ot
the lime on the side walls and ceilings, which are commonly grown in the this disease.—Experimental ha	^he equipment and superintend any place where the product will be
it may be applied in the form of white- Niagara district, Cuthbert, Marlbor- j Note.	the work Where a number of fam- kept dry and away from the insecte,
wash and is very effective if properly	,	" ilies do canning or drying together it No heat is used in connertion with
E4SZS * GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX SSHHHEHHHr
and most efficient agents for disin- pUmp. The addition of other sub-	_________ trading of supplies so that each so that, if a prolonged wet spell came,
fecting dairy barns and cattle yards stances to make the material stick to	By Andrew F currier. M D.	family can have a variety of products, the relative humidity of the air could
Ileat may be used to clean and steri- the walls reduces the efficiency of the	_	. will an8Wer all signed letters pretainlng to Health. If your A typical drying plant consists be lowered by the heat of stove 01
tze the pails, cans, utensils and man- mixture and prevents it from filling t,on ,B of g^eral Interest lt will be answered through these columns; ^ of a cabinet about gixteen feet furnace.
frers used in feeding the calves and the cracks and crevices, which are the lf not u wlM be anflwered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is en-	h ^	and one- i All manner of fruits and vegetables
Sunlight will destroy most dis- favorite breeding places for germ life. | closed. Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual esses or miike (™*no«*	J*.	^h top and sides and may be dried successfully if due at-
For the cattle yards a thor- premises it is important that all loose 8t. West, Toronto.	umrrooved ceiling or compo board. Corn, peas, beans, carrots, apples and
ough clean up will result in a fairly ef- boards, litter and pieces of organic ( ,	.	, . f of the Teeth. some alkaline substance, pink, red or t f th cabinet is closed by the like turn out unusually well,
factive disinfectant The efficiency matter be cleaned up so that the sub-	black coloring material, fragrant pow- , .	.	The dried product can be stored in
of the clean up will be greatly increas- st*nces may destroy all forms of germ The importance of the teeth is so der to give body tQ the alkali and in- £ cabinet is divided into five sec- fruit jars, paper sacks or tins. Mois* ed, however, if the surface of the yard 1#*. It is a waste of time and money j great that every means of protecting vjgorate the gums, something to re- .,	* of ^ich are largo enough ture, insects and rodents are the ene-
Is covered with a light dressing of to disinfect a barn without giving it a them should always be welcomed. move stains from the teeth and some £ accommodate two stacks of drying mies to watch for but it is easily pos-fresh burnt lime. The use of lime in thorough cleaning before applying the Dentifrices do not take the place of kind of aromatic oil to deodorise the . 0f ten eacb Those trays are sible to avoid them. In preparing the the yards not only destroys millions substances. It Is useless to give the ordinary care; they are not a substi- mouth and leave a pleasant and per- , convenient size for community dry- dried product for use K is only neces-of these disease producing germs but	walls, ceilings and floors an applies-	tute for the removal	of those teeth	3istent taste	after the	dentifrice	has	. Wn| one and one-half feet wide,	| sary to soak in water long enough to
it destroys the breeding places of flies	ti0Df Qf any material without going	which are hopeless and decayed nor a	been used.	thr^e fevt iongi two inches deep,	get back	the normal supply. This
• the stanchions, mangers and feed means for removing food between and Carbonate of lime, perhaps in the majde 0f half-inch material for sides will depend on the product, soaking Of the various chemical disinfec- ' alleys with some sort of disinfectant,	around them, which decomposes,	and	form	0f powdered oyster	shells	or car-	d	braces	and	pearl-wire	screen	for	over night being	the usual	rule.	Wh#n
tants that have been favorably recom-	Nasal passages of infected animals	causes decay of teeth, indigestion,	of-	bonate of	magnesium or	cream	of tar-	bottvm	wjth	wire	screen	at	one	end.	you	dry	vegetables	or	fruit	in	this
mended only a few meet the demands are usually highly infective and there- fensive breath, etc.	i tar is often used as the basis of a ^yg are inserted in the cabinet way all you take out Is the water,
for efficiency, economy and practice-	fore the mangers and feeding racks	g^t when combined	with a suitable	dentifrice.	from the top and may be placed in	The food	value and the flavor remain,
bility. Probably the cheapest and	must be given special attention.	tooth-brush, properly	used, they may Florentine	orris	root,	camphor,	on0 et a time. The compartments	Put back	the water and you have ths
most effective product at the present For use on the teat cups of milking be^p in tbe disinfection of the mouth, myrrh, cinchona bark or sage leaves | lettered and the trays are num- equal of the fresh product, time is bichloride of mercury in a dilu- machines the spread of garget among ^p^ve the condition of the gums and may be used for the invigorating sub-tion of one part to one thousand part# the cows being milked a strong solu- retard decay.	stance; charcoal is often used to reef water. It is poisonous and should tion of lime water gives excellent re-	frequent recurrence of receding move ®tsing and absorb bad odors;
not be used on metal stanchions and suits. Other materials, such as a ^ ^ suppurating gums with decay and carmine or cochineal to give the neces-partitions because of its corrosive ten-' salt brine, are equally effective hut	tevtb jn Riggs* disease or **ry color and oil of peppermint,
dency. This proportion while very have a tendency to corrode the meta! ‘ ;orrh(>ea • one of the argument# for cloves or cinnamon for the flavoring, effective on clean floors, side walls and injure the rubber on the cups. ^ ^ tetter , arc and the persistent With these substances and know, and partitions is practically worthless	Chemical disinfectants should not be	^‘^dentifrices	ing	the	condition of	the	mouth
unless the organic matter 1# thor-	depended upon as a cure-all or as i	^ shocking!y defective teeth	In	in	a	given case,	it	is a
oughly removed before it is applied. preventative of the spread of all dis- eftrl ^ among the poor especially simple matter for a dentist or phar-Carbolic acid occupies a foremost eases of the dairy cow, but used in- ^	could often be prevented by macist to compound a good dentifrice
position among disinfectants, but it is telligentiy they are of great value in guiuble h—nic precautions, includ- and it would not be a difficult matter far too expensive at the present time preventing the spread of infectious , he ^ of	dentifrices.	for any one who is accustomed to
to be used freely in the dairy barn, and contagious diseases and keeping p ^ a ^ beginning to realize the mixing and handling drugs.
When used in a five per cent solution down flies, vermin and foul odors . rtant bearing of teeth upon the ft is very safe and efficient During about the bams and cattle yards. general welfare.
It is impossible to resist disease suc-farmera have ridden to independence.' ceasfully when the mouth contains inFor the sweet com there is a good numerable colonies of disease germs, market at canning factories, often decayed teeth, suppurating gums, de-sold to on contract. The cornstalks composing food, together with ade-are put through cutters and stored in noida and enlarged tonsils, silos. Other parts of the farm pro- poor teeth are said to have em-duce hay for the dairy herd, which in phasized the pain and distress of many turn furnishes year-round employment of the soldiers in the trenches in Bel/TL _	/fii/AA/m ah/ and year-round income, besides contri- gium and France, and they have suffer-
/ #1© ©<Z# •	buting to solve the fertilizer question. e(j not only from teethache and neural-
John E. Potter was one farmer who but from the clumsy dentistry of made good with cows and sweet com. their comrades.
Mr. Potter bought an intervale farm a good dentifrice can be made by capable of carrying, at the time of any competent pharmacist, purchase, 12 cows and S horses. In |# immaterial whether it is in the six years the same land carried 35 form of powder, paste, or fluid, so cows and 6 horses, and the retail sales of milk in town reached 450 quarts a He raised 20 acres of sweet In one average year his sweet brought $2,000 n cash, and his
He doubled hie barn
built two
Raspberry Leaf Curl.
md (TO
X

Many new products are greatly over-rated because in the hands of a careful user exceptionally good suits will be obtained. Some of the older materials are discredited because of being used under improper or inappropriate conditions. Almost any substance will give good results under certain conditions when in reality the conditions and not the materials are unfavorable for the development of the disease germs. If the substances favorable as cultural mediums for the disease germs are cleaned up before the disinfectant is applied, an erroneous impression will be obtained as to the germicidal value of the disinfectant in question.

i
cows
ease-producing germs if it can get at them
and vermin
over
TORONTO FAT STOCK SHOW.
<$&otaefas&)

The Toronto Pat Stock Show, who are running an advertisement In thin Issue, have been steadily adding to their premium list, and this year are offering a prize for the best carload able to depend more upon the use of of cattle In the show. A few months pastures for horses. Where one has more feeding might land this for one a small pasture near the buildings no of our feeders. The cash premium time is lost in getting the teams up in and the big price always obtained in the morning. The horses keep clean auction sale of prize winners would er on pasture than in the barn, and than recompense him for the there ia a saving in bedding material
as well as in labor in cleaning the stalls and hauling out the manure. If fed sufficient grain feed there is no danger of the horses becoming soft, The chicks should be gone over for especially after the grass becomes lice—the head lice are the worst. If more fibrous. The beneficial effects the brooder and the surroundings are of the hay ration during the hot kept clean as possible there should not weather are more than offset by the be much fear of head lice. Should detrimental effects of standing in they appear, however, an application close, stuffy stables. As a rule, the of ointment of some kind should be condition of the horses themselves will
If this is not avail- furnish a good indication of whether
pasture suite them or not.
At present prices for hay and grain feeds many farmers will find it profit-
more
additional time and feed required
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Mrs. L. R.—Can infantile paralysis be cured ? My little girl is suffering from its effects for seven years and I have been told by different authorities that it was incurable.
Answer—My advice to you would be to take the child to the Orthopedic Hospital in Toronto and have the condition examined. It is true that many of the cases of infantile paralysis remain permanently paralyzed, to a greater or less extent, but an expert opinion on the subject would be desirable for you.
L. P.—1. I should think it probable that you were suffering from some form of neuralgia. 2. If walking to relieve you, the best thing for you to do is to continue with this means of relief, massaging the feet and legs regularly every night, in addition to the walking.
Head Lice in Chickens.

Sweet Corn and Cows.
Sweet com and dairying are the twin horses on which a number of
used at once able, use vaseline, olive oil or sulphur and lard. Every head will have to gone over and the treatment will /to be repeated in
CANADAS
be g

It i»
a week
a troublesome task to go oyer several hundred young chicks, but it must be done, each head by itself. Rub the One of the best and cheapest ways paste well Into the scalp and around to control weeds on farms is to keep a
Some use coal oil, but It is flock of sheep. In addition to con-too severe and haa been known to kill trolling weeds without cost, sheep will the chicks about as quickly as lice, render a profit by producing food and Head lice In chicks are sometimes wool. If weeds are not permitted to hard to locate. The chicks may be gr.,w and develop leaves thcÿ will die, listless, getting thin, wings down, but it would require a great amount of feathers ruffled, and dying off one by hand labor to keep most of the weeds Upon examining the heads one under control by this method. Sheep can see nothing running around and will keep the weeds down and the all that appears is what looks like more weeds they eat the less will be young feathers sprouting out of the their cost of upkeep and the greater To make sure that they are will be the supply of feed released for there, take some of the ointment and other stock. Many rough or perma-apply thoroughly to the head. Put nent grass pastures that require mow* the chick m a box and examine in a mg can be kept clean by the use of few minutes, time. The young feath- sheep, While at the same time the caters will be gone and large bodied lice tie-carrying capacity of the pasture is will be running for their lives. Th* increased.
"feathers" were the abdomens of the lice, the head and rest of the bodies being buried into the head of the chick
It takes
hav
57%
Victory Bonds
long as it is good and effective.
The pharmacopoeias of the nations of the world show plainly what a good dentifrice should consist of.
It should contain a fine powder of
the ears
day
, Due 1922, 1927, 1937 PRICE 991/a AND INT.
com
com
milk $6,000
room in these six years, silos, and cut off 50 acres of woodland for pasture.
Of course, a farming business of this type cannot be built up in every locality nor by every man. Canning factories are not always close at hand. Mr. Potter's farm was only a mile from town, so that it was possible to retail milk
of push and business ability H the proper business conditions—and they exist on hundreds of farms— sweet corn and dairy cows will make
FUNNY
¦
CUT OUT AMD FOLD ON POTTED .LINES
one
Nesbitt, Thomson 6 Company
f#ie
Limited
Mercantile Trust JJIdg. Hamilton 222 St James Street Montreal
•Investment Bankers,
I
head
!
t
Moreover, he had lots
FARMERS I
Big Prizes
I
l
i



good
fm
The Pirate.
Oh, I am a Pilate blithe and bold, And I scour the rolling sea;
And every craft That the brave winds waft Must give an account to me
For the ships I hall are the Hearts of Men,
And out of their holds 1 bear Ingots of gold And gems untold That long had lain hidden there.
It And If I discover among the crew Hate, Envy, Anger or Pride,
I laugh out a grim “Away wttlh hhn!”
And I toes him over the aide.
WOOL
,	THB
TORONTO FAT STOCKSHOW
will this year offer large premiums for classes of 3 steers ; must be fed ninety days by owner.
Premium List ready August
For further particulars write the Secretary, c/o Union Stock
Yards, Toronto.
eating away at the tissue only a few days to have a whole flock cleaned out. Absolute cleanliness is the best preventative.
I

Partners who ship their wool direct to ns get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK ANY FARMER!
who has so d his wool both ways, and note what he says—
or, better still, write us for our prices ; they will show you how much yon lose by selling to the General Store
We pa? the hlffcaat price# of any firm in the cou ot r y and are thelatgr»i wool dealers le Canada. Payment la remitted the mama day wool Am race >ved.
O
During the picnic season when thousands of people throughout the land gather together for social purposes, a great deal of fopd la wasted, pie seem averse to carrying remnants of luncheons home with them. Waste I of this kind ahould never occur has been suggested, therefore, that if J signs were posted around picnic grounds, setting forth the fact that in time of war picnickers should not
ïïîïïfi'.ssrss: £ . -. »",.»»».
sides effecting a food saving, the And I steer by the stars above, signs wWl serve to call the attention	The Men of my crew
of the people to the serious food situs-	Xr< Ang#>,B true'
I
/

Peo-
I
i
1st.
i
> es yonr wool tod* 7—roe
win be
rs %* • « I IIS
ORINOCO
Willie wrote a little song,
1 hope somebody buys it :
1 old him up and listen while
H. V. ANDREWS
13 CHURCH 8T* TORONTO
tioii.

###PAGE###7###

SPRUCI USED FOR AIRPLANES.
f
! STRONG SYSTEM	WHEN RAZZLE-
OF RAILROADS DAZZLE RAN AWAY
ROYAL YEAST CAKES!
<
WOMEN I IT 18 MAGIC I
LIFT OUT ANY CORN
Increased Demand Causes Allies to Turn to This Species.
Seasonable
Designs
Apply # few drops then lift
calluses off with fingers—no pain.
go great te the demand for airplane spruce by tbs Allies that well as Bltka spruce Is now being Canada has large resources of
•tern »•
corn» or
HAS BEEN CANADA’S FAVORITE YEAST FOR MORE THAN 30 YEARS
^lirs.’ïhiwŒ
EXPLOIT OF A BRITISH TANK
IN FRANCE.

HAS GROWN UP AT NEW BATTLE FROiy IN FRANCE.
used WPUPP—
eastern spruce, which has hitherto
been used mostly for the manufacture of pulp, paper and lumber, and the British War Mission Is at present trying to secure In eastern Canada as A Cincinnati man dis- larfe an amount as possible of the covered this ether com- gradeg gultable for airplane manufac-pound and named It freesone. Any druiR Eastern spruce has for some time gist will sell a tiny hot been ugAd for airplane construction In tie of freezone, like here (he Unj(ed states, although only a shown, for very Utile
#
Just think! You can lift off any corn or cal without pain or

lus
Captain Fallon and the Crew of Seven Men Escaped but Where Wat Joffrsf
Canadians Worked Untiringly at New Defences In Which Railways Have Prominent Part.
*o.
LI
soreness
%•
1 I'jSBCk'
l
mw perfect L
BREAD
\
or.
turn.
I
Behind the new fighting line since We have plenty of outside news of the Huns' advance In April there has the doings of the British tanks; but grown up a network of strategic rail- Inside stories of their exploita are few. ways, making a formidable system Bo much the more interesting i* < apt which more than compensates us for David Fallon's account of his adven-the loss of those lines we had to aban- tures while In command of one. don and destroy in our retirement 'The dear girl," he begins sf*ectj?n'
Almost from the day the enemy croaa- ately, "was named Ramzlm Dazzle. M * ed the Nord Canal practically every was very young, having been In sen < e battalion of Canadian railway troops only three months, but rather portly, has been working unceasingly at the ( Matter of fact, she weighed something | task, some unite acting as pioneers in over thirty tons. And in no way could
the construction of the great defence you call the dear little woman pretty
.... The fact Is that she showed
every aspect of being a bad, scrappy
jsæ as. r=?=.Zf/S-—*
have now become as If by the like trouble, and lots of it.
rubbing of some magic Aladdin's He was quIteMght; she did It was eyen lrrl(attng the surrounding skin. log. as Is done for lumber
the Frenchman his harvest, but for had none with tanks, Capt. Fa on was Ue for you from his wholesale drug the accessary .trip of permanent w.y. drafted at an hour’, notice to replace boUK
llflil
Stronger Than on the Somme. I udy ^ ,he had been named Joffre. „After &D extended tour through the "Speaking from a strategical point ghe waB very friendly and insisted on	both over the c.P.R. and other blemishes; to whiten the skin and to
of view," said a railway staff officer.	alttlng either on my knee or shoulder	•	’ durlng whlch i looked carefully	bring out the rose#, the freshness and
"we are in a better position to-day	from moment I seated myself and	jQto ç	prospects, I think it Is safe	the hidden beauty? But lemon Juice	Q ^1^ sown field o' Flanders,
than we were on the Somme. The my men Jn the tank.	, include that, with the Increased alone Is acid, therefore irritating, and Beneath one rude-framed cross
hundreds of miles of new track have "when the order came to advance,	under cultivation. Western should be mixed with orchard white	eome heart's sole-sought treasury
been built specially for military use, BazzleDazzle, groaning, grunting and	( anada thlg year will produce at least	this way. Strain through a fine cloth ,	X11 joy,	all hope, all—loss.	,
and conform with the fighting front. lurcj,tngt got under way slowly but ef-	m bushels of grain as last year,	the Juice of two fresh lemons Into a
All possibilities have been considered. flclentlyi waddled across no man's ided of course, that conditions bottle containg about three ounces of Where, previously, we had to rely on ,and# crushed the enemy's barbed wire lQntlnue* a8 favorable as they are at orchard white, then shake well and
civilian built lines, which would t0 mesgee Df gteel spaghetti and	l egent » xhis was the statement	you have a whole quarter pint of skin j	Nearly	2000 Canadian soldiers	are
tediously round the country by indirect gmaghed through his trenches, throw-	* &de oQ July 16th by Mr. C. E Mo-	and complexion lotion at about the m)W buried in England, nearly every
routes, we now have a military sys-	lng up the earth ahead in chocolate	pherson	assistant passenger traffic	cost one usually pays for a small Jar	g.fave having a cross above it, says	•
tern which takes out supplies in the	ghower8 of gpray, as If the grouad we	mftna '	of the c.P.R. at Winnipeg,	of ordinary cold cream. Be sure to	London cable. Mrs. Astor has laid out
quickest and most dlfect way to where rode over were an angry sea of mud. hlle ln Montreal on a business trip, strain the lemon Juice so no pulp gets a beautiful cemetery adjoining the they are needed. The latest German	1# Qung Blazed At Ug.	Mr McPherson said that ln some into the bottle, then this lotion will	hospital. Every man «
mm usa is*
“	rc.Æ arts r-rsrxs	£
whldim hîve "bLn^'rtriMned 'with	to^U\hl mill, and Bo far a. passenger bualnwe wm Thl. U .Ullmore the «se^th entire
Canadian names. there etart freshly | , * orderi accordingly. But the concerned. Mr. McPherson said that nations (who cannot live «it.of me*e
constructed light railway systems that	Dassle’a chauffeur looked at me the roads In the west had never done rentals) than with private	Toronto.	 —
wind their way through UtUe valleys	better than during the present year. Germany has been devastated In every	TUMORS. LUMPS. KTO.
srariarsM: jr *“rt *,,r; “ittrsawsrs
not yet had to be used, and perhaps T..g, her, ^en. and we’ll let them McPh.reon .aid It wm too early to nevertheless always retained a great Co„ Limita* Coilinawood Ont-
S-Ksrafi.sa:
SLTzrtjsras	;r zirjsjrjz is	£
through s wide doorway, ma-klng splln-	- about nln« months that I W m «h '	^	’ ~ 1	^
tars of the door; she knocked against Plane-Tree a Dleeemlnstor of Disease of my hand, and tried a 1er
concrete pillara, supports and walls,	—Limes Attract Lightning.	mnU. *lgo
mm HSSfE Bilü
.0 ' th, way through the big, responsible for an increase In bron- I ,lnce ^ find It the same as when I
wmteth	make arrangement, le now.	ta,, «ke a hone Wlme^ -
Hoar, have Thick Wind or Cbokwdowe, tan be
tit!
IDrokto.^

m
MM IN rANADA l ¦

1
m
. very email percentage of this timber cost. You apply » (»* is suffldently clear for this purpose, drops directly upon a Teg(g made by the United States and tender corn or callus. Canadian governments show	on
Instantly the soreness wh#re material of suitable quality can (	Oreenbury.
ë*SSgKSB5S« Sff”
1 round a bitf
m
i,

The Easiest Way.
Young Edgar was spending th*
the fsrm, and sought td



m
Mr
that
I
»
/




J
»
A
y
:
f
line that causes the Huns to hasltat»*

<L MvCal%
f
on this sector.
and walk
tiny tot Child's Drees Romper, months to 4 years.
1
MONEY ORDERS.
out-of-town supplies wltü
Buy your
LEMONS MAKE SKIN	Dominion Eipree. Money Order. Flv#
WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR Dollars costs three cents.
I
CROP PROSPECTS GOOD.
Make thle beauty lotion for a few cents and see for yourself.
Unidentified.
A little cross ln Flanders,
Black under sunset sky,
Stands where slim, swaying grass» heads
Bend as the breeze sklme by.
Official's Conclusions Following Western Tour.
Railway
u
II
What girl or woman hasn't heard of lemon Juice to remove complexion
I
-I

I
y
r

i»
IV
I
6
Vi
y
g) McCaU,

lain.
Quite refreshingly cool b this delightful frock of figured chiffon. Me-Cell Pattern No. 8394, Ladles’ Semi-Fitted Drees. In 6 «ties, 84 to 44
ELL EQUIPPED NEWBPAPBS
“Mo.bu^r^r,iL5nt.u«?"wa
#1.200 on quick male. Box IS, PuMlshlng Co. Ltd.. Toronto.
bust. Price, 20 cents.
These patterns may be obtained from your local McCall dealer, or from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, Dept W..
for
Uon
New Defences Powerful.

TAPPINGS SAVED PRISONERS.
Rescued Crew of Hun Submarine Would Let Britons Drown.

In the course of a recent lecture In London on the Zeebrugge operations,
Naval Paymaster Collingwood Hughes narrated a story illustrative of Ger-- - cruelty and callousness. He said a patrol boat discovered a derelict German submarine from which '* re« cued the crew. The commander was assured by the German captain that there were no others aboard and he WM about to blow up the boat and sink her when he Heard tappings from another stage of attacks on this the inside. A search revealed four Northern section the fabric of a fort-British seamen tied up as prisoners. rees faced them, and greer Into such “The Germans,” the lecturer added, menacing shape that he hesitated, "were going to allow these poor fel- Now, if be takes another fling at the lows to be hurled into eternity after middle road to the coast he will hare
their own lives had been saved.”	to pay the same great price in blood.
The "army behind the army” has done
Its duty and built well than It destroyed In the sombre days at the end of March.
over
an ordinary map, and the railway engineers have to build score# of miles that might be used. They muet be there for an emergency.
The construction of the new British defences—railways play a prominent part—have been marvelously complete, and have been so rapid that before the Huns could take breath for
man
SMOHl TUCKI.TTS
ORINOCO
f O», ' 'k USE.
CUT :oap
%
ISAAC B. MANN,
Mstapedis. P.Q.

*\Rsrj
J family
SALVE

ven better
l
SOUR AND CLAMMY BREAD.
I
r
V
I
;
Mllll
Letter Tells of Food Conditions In Paris at the Present Time.
Following Is an extract from a recent letter from Paris: “As you may know, no white bread Is to be bought In Paris, and I am told that in some parts of the provinces conditions are even worse—that bread of any sort Is difficult tfc get The quality of the bread In Paris ts^ very poor. It Is p^ner;
mixed with many substitute# which do companions' paltry one apiece, she
not seem to respond to the yeast. It probably also survived. Capt. Fallon.	... . _	. hlra
Is generally sour and clammy, and has forglvlns her his scratches, magnani- Tojlrop a limb made a number of people sick. Be- ; mou#jy hopes that she did. sides no white bread, there is no	T¦ Mgj
cream or sugar or butter desserts of any kind except stewed and fresh fruits served in any hotel or restaurant; and no cheese Is served If the cost of the meal exceeds a dollar and twenty cents. Imagine sitting down to the early French breakfast at a hotel like the Rita, In Paris, and being served sour war bread and this miserable French coffee which tastes like chicory and soft soap, and then being told that you could not have butter for your breed, for your coffee.”

I
50#
Soothes end Heels Quickly— Inêsroed cut*, bruises, burns, tctlds, bile* ters, * piles, abscesses, boils end ethcl Inflammstions. vAt dealers, or write osl
f
JBEST . kKMIDT. COM?AST. HmmHsse. C
mkbiûrÿ-te
od —barley and
fo
Till every
food
otne
___r grains are
value and flavor
and the sum total
tgsgfte
foods”
reduced with
“Cash and Carry" Paye
of an Ottawa store,

as ¦nssr.i'srna —¦——— sr j±? sarsr £ SE€SeT
-	11	~	- -—ss? sstb.1 s M zHrf&iBs
=Sâfitr* isrJJg—• ”
/^BSORBINE
WIs
t

Eggs should be gathered at least
This will prevent
I
twice a day now. heating and reduce percentage of
“dirties.M
Honey, maple syrup, mol corn syrup should be used s sible, leaving cane sugar for ear soldi ere and allies.
ng will eause indigestion and general disorder in chickens quicker than food which ie musty or mouldy. Look out for beef scraps particularly. It can be quickly tested by pouring a little boiling water on a small amount. The odor will tell whether or met the
far an economical, nourishing and delicious food,
t cream
nor sugar
ill
and
try

TorwW ta very wise, bet fore-rrow ta very fcdtakj end eastiei are at any rate better than Amreen, ln tti. air."—Sir John Lubbook
f
Notkl
4
piece of soft water
them up tightly in a flannel and dip them in until soft Then place in sold water until Ann and hard. Remove the flannel and you have a nice ball of
i
d License
soap ready for immediate use.
¦soe »o4r Mo. f-021.
• ISSUE No. W-U

###PAGE###8###
ANNIVERSARY SERVICES
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
Tie Slmille Bool and Shoo Store
BRISTOL PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH Sunday, August 4th.
The time in here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the aearnty of labor.
Cheapness in Shoes
The Empire Mechanical Milker,
Speaker-REV. F W. MAHAFFY, of Buckingham, P. Q.
Is one of the greatest labor-ni vers, and is flow being used extensively and successfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government Kxp. Farms. The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL-
To The Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal
•• 1 like the Milking Machine line and would not be without it at any m ice. The cows seem to prefer it to band milkiny.
I ran milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and if did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Bay, H. R. No. 1.
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.
Services at 11, a. in., ami K, p. in
new time
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
Monday, August 5th
A Good Program : - -
- - : Splendid Addresses
And on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
Hear MR. WM. WATSON, Baptist Student,
My Experiences at the
give his Address Front, ’
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
Admission 25 Cents.
No Supper served.
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
tA N. B.—Owing to the Food Regulations, no supper will be served.
Most tilings vim be anybv «lys gift— your |M»rtrail is distinctively,exclusive!) yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. ÏM18CN, Artist in Portraiture.
NOTICE RE. CARTAGE
MASSEY-HARRIS
In buying we look for service, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us
to the lack of them.
In consequence of the in créas d price of horse feed, and value of labor, the undersigned have found it necessary to raise their cartage rates tojjie following scale :
Ordinary freight to or from the railway station, up to Ô00 lbs. 15 cents per 100. Every additional 100 lbs. 8 cents.
Iloxes, barrels or empties of any kind 25 cents a trip to station.
These rates to come into effect on August 1st
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency fur the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
German submarine? scored heavily again lust Wednesday when they sank one of the largest liners nfloat the Justifia, which was used as a transport, and was returning to America after delivering eight or ten thousand V. S. Soldiers in France. No lives were lot, it is reported.
P. B. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
LEWIS CUTHBERTSON STANLEY LANGFORD
j4ew Barber Sf]op
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
Pictures of home folk* carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
Local and District.
Wm. Molnnmeiny, a returned soldier, who went overseas with the First Contingent, and had m .	seen a lot of service and whose
gvegation would not serve >up|>vr, • *lx> Hunipln it s It tv as tlnn 11 • thi- year at our annual Lawn f'oneliuleu that both had met I	—
mmm
be special Free-will Offering at when she saw her companion had both services. The Entertain-, Kot beyond her depth and could ment will lie held Monday even- not be saved.
ing. 5th, at 8.00o’clock. Admission ax\hen the Omanis were recover-1 25 cents. A good program, but NO ed they were t.iken to Mr. M. II.
SUPPFR	! -Malcolmn s undertaking rooms
Besides* the good program al- here and prepared for burial and ready arranged by the Committee c\n ^atuiday were torwa tiled to tor the Anniversary Services at Du*ir respective homes at St. John, the Brick Church, Bristol, we ^l.vv Brunswick.§ understand that the Baptist stu-	.Humphries wa- a girl <»t
dent, Mr. Win. Watson, recently about nineteen years ot age returned from the Front, after Miss 1 yne twenty-two. two years in the Trenches, will were well thought oi by the mana give an address on his “Exper- K(l* and summer guests at t lu iences at the Front ”	hotel and their sad and untimely
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
BRISTOL NOTES
II. IMISON
wa
A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE
Call and have a talk with
us
wa
NOTICE
R. J. HAMILTON
1
The undersigned wishes to announce the opening of a Jewelry Store in the premises lately vacated by It \V. Hudgins.
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will be thoroughly guaranteed and receive his personal attention.
BERT WAINMAN
Formerly of Bank St., Ottawa, Ont.
Office and Warerooms
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
( openhagen is used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a small pinch, for a F tart, .and put it between the lower lip and gum. in the centre.
Afterwards you can increase the *ize of the punch to suit strength of the chew you desire.
Copenhagen is strong. L_______
the tobacco erf which It is made is cut into fine grains, which makes it
^'•: art its strength thoroughly and
quickly.
Hence
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
and
They
Satisfactorily done
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 804. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at - i>. m.
Irvin Hamilton. Bee.-Secy
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
the
E. S. II. Workman W. M.
deaths	to
A simple but pretty wedding The tragedy is one of the worst hi took place at the homeot Mr. X\ m. the history of this popnlar resort. Ross, Wyman, Que., when his and is deeply deplored. It vast a daughter, Elizabeth Mon roe, was gloom over the community, and united by marriage to XV. G. llud- great sympathy is expressed for son, son of Mr. Benjamin Hudson, their families in the sad affliction ahoof XVyman. The Rev. F. X\. wliivli lias come upon them.— Pern-K. Han i'. B. A. officaiting. After broke Observer.
enjoyable
was spent by the guests, who were the immediate relatives and neighbors of the parties.
because
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
L. O. L. No. -‘7, meets Nt Tuesday of each mouth
Herb Hoihiixs XV. M
Reo. Hodoins, Secy.
,	N a littTe "plneli” goes a
.ong way showing that Copenhagen s rot on.’y an unusually economical
nutm X! 8le0 one of lhe flnest
aua.ity. being made of the o*d, rich, high-flavored tobacco
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on tin- l Ith of. h month
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Cnrtop. in Com
Rrc,. Hodoins Com. Scribe.
best,
homemakers’clubs. I Are You Going to the
Wedding ?
A recent circular from the Post
Private
Office Department say?
The last meeting of the Y. M. R. correspondence for destinations in Class was very interesting to the territory occupied by the enemy—
members ; besides important busi- excepting enemy occupied Belgium Jaily Mail, writes as follows from ness, n splendid debate was carried and the enemy occupied parts of be war correspondents headquar-
Duff gave their opponents a hard , "«U be subject to censorship. came acrog3 a Chinese compound struggle to win. The recent auto items which contain any informa- watched Chinese coolies, who une drive to the Experimental Faun, Hon whatever m regard to mill p about a mon.h ago had never organized and conducted by Mr. tary, economic or political condi- iandled an axe, cutting down trees V. H. Hodge, from many of the tions obtaining in Canada or in ypp the deft skill and swiftness of arguments used had made a deep w*\y allied countries or which con- Canadian loggers, impression on the minds of the tain undesirable information of j During the past month since the men who went. Some twenty-five a,,.V kind will be detained.	experiment was started they have
members took in this enjoyable Business communications from Neared large areas of the forest, trip, going via Quyon and the mum da to destinations in territory They have also been successful as Ontario side, returning by the which has been certified enemy I barcoal burners. Charcoal Is useful grand Mountain Road Some in- territory under the Trading with n the trenches for cooking. Last cident* of interest could be written, the Enemy Proclamation require hear we had to buy large quantities.
sj£x?cî™”. tory
~	Correspondence intended for msiness-like foresight of Q,” the
Two Young1 Ladies Drowned destinations in enemy countries quartermaster-general's department
a, nn warn», ...
SH2 EjaÉSilSS ...................................................................................
£ss? &„"lS^"5Ss jSS te^nA*S:' Zc," d^vr	™» *«•— w - **
and Lillian Pyne, whose homes are information in this connect ion. Le put them on task-work. We eay
at St. John, N. H , but who came	_______	o them, There’s a certain Job to be f Secure a laying Agency with lib-
to Fort William from Toronto	.	lone. As soon as it's finished you
some time ago.	British prisoners in Turkish ap go home, and you'll find your
During the afternoon they went prisons are having a hard time ofj.how-chow waiting for you.' That to the river to bathe, some dis- it, judging from the death rate. ,peeds the work up better than any-tance above the hotel, and later which during the past eighteen | hing. It keeps them in a good bu-when they were found to be miss- mouths amounts to nearly 1J00
Chinese Forestry Battalions. Hamilton Fyfe, of the London
TIME OF MEETING :
Austin - First Tuesday,
Elmside - Second Wednesday,
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, |Who ÎS Getting Married? Murrells • Third Wednesday,
Bristol, - - First Thursday,
Starks Corners, Second Thurs
Well we don't know, but if you are going to a wedding we can show you a most beautiful range of Cut Glass, Caseroles, Silverware, etc., at much lower prices than you can procure same for elsewhere, and what is more we carry standard patterns that can be matched at any future time.
Wyman
Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
First Friday,
i
Local Agents Wanted
For “ The Old Reliable
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
We are always glad to have the pleasure of a Thousands of Orchaid trees need visit from you and one thing never missing is
replacing.	¦—
A Welcome
whether you buy or not.
in towns ami villages is large. ~
era I commissions. Experience not necessary.	‘
ARCHIE DOVER
STONE A WELLINGTON
(Established 1887)
TORONTO, ONT
nor. too
