###PAGE###1###
O
No. 49, 30th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY 30, 1018
31.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
«
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Prompt Returns From Shipments
When you ship Live Stock, Grain, Butter, Cheese or Fruit, put through The Merchants Bank a Draft on the buyer. This is the business way of securing prompt and satisfactory settlement.
It saves time and possible loss.
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF

4,750,000
OTTAWA
I
Carçpbell’s Varnish Stain
94 Branches In Canada
H
i
BOARD OK DIRECTORS
For Floors, Furniture, and all interior surfaces
We have a big stock in the following colors :
Dark Uak Light Oak Golden Oak Cherry
The reasons why you should use it :
Dissolves Crease Spots, Penetrates Wood Fibre, No Sediment.
It is the best stain on the market, and
antee every can of it.
lion. Georze Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Sir George Rum,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon George Goidon.
General Manager :
D. M. Finnie.
W. Duthie
John B. Fraser Vice President Alexander Madaren M. J. O’Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Perley E. C. Whitney	1
Asst General Manager ;
H, V.Cann.
- Chief Insptctor
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
3

Mahogany
Rosewood
Walnut
Green
TH€ MCRCHANT5 BANK
Head Office: Montreal. OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, . r-> .
OUYON BRANCH,
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager • A. A. REID, Manager.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth
The work meeting of the Shaw ville Homemakers' Club will he I and comfort to the heart of a soldier held mi Thursday evening at the | Make an appointment to-day. home of Mrs. Andrew Hodgins
H. Imihon, Artist in Portraiture
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
n SCHOOL
Ottawa. Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
we guar-
Wanted.—Any render who can supply the Editor with a copy of The Equity of April 25th, will greatly oblige.
For Stenographer*. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 1ft every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr. and Mr*. Hector Hudgins
Mr. J. L. Hod gins last week pur- *nd daughter of Ottawa chased a tine standard-hied trot- week-end visitors in town.	Our instruction I* individual, and the
ting Htnllion. (Gay Larabie) by Miss Annie Plulimann, of Ot- Jounmy^herefore '.uftlt any time?**"1 La rallie the (treat, lie will stand tawa, was the week-end guest of Our rates are $10 per month ; do not for the season at stables of owner. Miss Hilda Thom-on.	pav a cent more ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
The Austin H. M. Club will meet	if Ma« ilonalil Col- coRegvs have m the past jolaM^ourVlaw!
at the home of Mrs. Geo. Johnston,	vJSI^°r *lvr Names and addresses are available,
at 2.30, p. ni. on June 4th. Sub- brother, Mr. C. H. Hodge.	Students are assisted to positions.
ject—Practical points about feed- Mr. and Mrs. G. F. Hudgins, and	HEADQUARTERS for Short
ing a family—Miss Cook ; Recita- sons Erskine and Meredith arrived ,*n	* enmanshlp, Spell
tion-Mr*. Vincent Hotlginn. Roll in their car from Ottawa Satur- Ifc ®d tor circuler.el Gall Practical points on table <**y
J. H. SHAW.
win*

COWLING .
@
OTTAWA, ONT
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Up. Our school is open all summer.
W. A. HODGINS
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Soark* Sts
W E.COWLING, H.O. W.Braithwait President
Messrs. W. B. Ralph, and Geo. VV. Pingle, of Ottawa, paid a short visit to Shawville on Saturday last via the Ford route.
Principal
SHAWVILLE
Two million feet of lumber were destroyed by the fire in McLachlin Bros, lumber yard last Tuesday, valued at one hundred thousand
dollars. Fortunately the wind. w . .	. .	.	..	.
was blowing from a favorable motored to that place .Saturday
direction, otherwise it is likely the evening, returning Sunday.
loss would have been very heavy. Mrs. Arnold 8. McDowell and mam	little son, Kenneth, of Leiulierg,
Sask., arrived on an extended visit to friends in this section.
,	Messrs. Lor ne and Alex Elliott, I At Kendal, Sa^k., on May 2nd,
We acknowledge with thanks the (,f Westmeath, visited relatives in to ;,r- Mrs. Jfts. Cunningham,
following donation to the Soldiers’ town on Sunday last. Alex is I* daughter
Overseas Tobacco Fund	now wearing naval uniform, hav-
Ed. S. Smiley, Murrells, $1.00 | mg joined His Majesty’s sea-dogs
a snort time ago.
Cadet Frank Armstrong, of the Royal Flying Corps, has been
girl — Vilettal spending a day or two with his I At the Presbyterian Manse, Elliott, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.	relatives at Green	Lake.	Frank	ShawviHe, on Monday, 27th mst.,
Geo. Elliott, Morehead, has sent	has not developed	any wings as	by Rev W. B. McCalhim, Claude
in her cent-savings, amounting to ye*, although he has had the ex- B , youngest son of Mr. Stewart one dollar, as her donation to the penence of soaring among the \ ulford, of Starks Corners, to Miss Sc hool for the Blind at Halifax, vloud^. On Sunday last he preach- Marv Alice, daughter of Mr, Jas. We thank the self-sacrificing little ?d the evening service in the IC. McClure, of Lachute. on behalf of the ttozortnn-i Methodist Chnrche
ates who will be benctitted by hocl Five del. s from the primary] Mr. Sampson, of the Brother-
3.,;	.	.	. ,	. ,	, I d Ç?	motored to hood of St. Andrew', Ottawa, con-
We also acknowledge with plea-	Perth, Out., on Thursday	last to	duvted the services at St. Paul's
sure the receipt of 60 vents each	attendrie 37th O	Y. «.	Grand	on Sunday. Next Sunday Rev.
from Arline and Lindsay Kilgotir, Lodge session, which was held in u., Rnrfnn of r|,	will	r.fti
children of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. | that town on the 24th and 25th	ot L,ia,te,ls wm °mj
Kilgour, of Glenhurst Farm
EXPERIENCE
H. fMIRON,
Artist in Portraiture

A nice

VS
Floor Paints
$3.40 per gallon.
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade oi pro fession.
afachinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentist*.
The secret of succès* of the Graduates of WiKls, College is that they ar* the only one* trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 43%. This year to date is even better. Still Employer* Deman Is Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates..
Births
Donation to Tobacco Fund

Bergers
Marriages
Paris Green
Fulford—M cClu r e
For Halifax Blind
Another little
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
1 lb. Tins 85c.
Willis College
I;d\ Spin k* S’ !	. entrance between
Ketuhuin's & Sim*.
A position for every Wills Graduates
7 Strand, 40 in high
INVINCIBLE FENCING
50c. per Bod.
gift
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED .
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
emte
They were	_ _	_	_
O’Hara, E. S. H. Workman, Gold- It is announced that the V. O. I. win McDowell, W. V. L. Corrigan Co’s steamer G. H. Greene will not Calling Out 19-Year Class. I and Cecil Walsh.	make passenger trips nor run ex
wCpKLtMk Service of Song entitled “A issue, issued by the Military Ser- Knight of Christ’s Army" will be
vice Branch oi the Department of gjven by the choir of Dun raven Am prior, Ont., May 21—.The Justice, and which concerns the Cnion Church, on Thursday, June body of Neil McLellan, assistant boys who are approaching or	Supper will be served at the government slide master here for
have reached their 10th birthday, close. Admission 25 cents.	20 years, who was drowned last
All who are 19 years old aie re-	, _	,	. .. April at the Mill Bridge while at
qui red to report on or before June	24 th passed off \ cry quietly Work, was recovered this evening
advertisment carefully, so as to 111 amusements, fishing, etc. In
be fully informed of what they the evening some ot young peou e The farmers of the neighbor- FOR SALE- Plano case organ in good
¦»  ... -	I %% toss 8.;.“;“: ir ar s tss,-. îê»?
~	...	enjoyable time was held. The within easy reach, judging from FOR SAIF s ,
Change of Bank Hours. 1sEESE1-®
portions now, that transportation has already secured. Things at
facihGes. wlieii the n,ails are go<Mi, t|le factory aie going on satis- FOR SALE -Purebred Ayrshire bull !	.. r .1 enable oui citizens to go far afield factorily, and all will soon be in calf, will be sold cheap. Thomas Hohin,
invites the Co-operation Ot the to gmtity their tastes for amuse- A-l sham* The first churning of nth Range, Clarendon. x	Ml
Public in b.h.11 of lb. Banks
to reach their objectives.	of some importance in the town’s
------- history.
Strong influences at work in A young lady sends us clippings Ottawa during the past week have from the Daily Times-Journal of succeeded in securing some modifi-Fort William, Ont., descriptive of cations in the draft order calling
some of the incidents associated young farmers between the ages KO,. «*, F	ç. rl. rn
ïïfflfÆis	aasâ
and also to appeal to the pu hue	Fort William. 1 hese clippings de- the matter was issued by the to J. C. Haye*. R R No -\ Shawville.
their banking in the morning, or as Rcrjhe how the girls employed in Militia Department on Saturday. —
early as possible.	the Company’s offices, turned in The text of the new order will be FOR SALE—A quantity of good sound
Banking Hours.	with the male members of the found in another column of this Green Mountain Potatoes. Norvai.
hz:.tÆÆis.?.,ftTssSissaK
-, r- v™1	&J; w iStaM Xfts	e ffim! ^	v„-»
banks in Shawville will oi«n at 9.JO a congestion. In a letter accom- exceptional cases, where the call- to Mrs. M. H. Mvrray. Shawville.
m., while on account of the large cat e panying the clippings, our young ing out of men would remit in -	.- -— ¦	  —
shipments fmm this point there will u* f,.jenij informs us that she was extreme hardship. The main uo no change in the hour of closing, which proud to say she was one of the which should not be lost sight will be left at 1.00 p.m. In view of girls referred to. this the officials respectfully ask the should expect a
public to kindly present their cheques brought up in Pontiac would do of tlie original order, and then as soon as possible to avoid delay. 1 under the circumstances. *	imake application for extension. j
Bros. Dr. 9. L
552 St. Catherine West
New Price on
Coarse Salt
$2.00 per Sack.
New Prices now effective on all Teas, Coffees,
Matches, Tobaccos
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
are
Chester to Geo.
2-49
The Canadian Bankers’ Association
1-49
FARM FOR 8A LB—East half of lot 2H 3rd range. Clarendon. For further tlculars apply to Mrs. M. Gagnon, age du Fort, Que.
Rennie’s Calf Meal
par
Fort
Staffs Heavily Reduced by War
The Girls Took a Hand
$3.00
501b. 25 lb.
Owing to over one half the men in the banks being on military service and the strain being heavy on the less experienced and on the older clerks who are still left, it has been found necessary
FOR SALE—A ouantlty of good seed potatoes ; also hand picked beans. Apply Minsk* Armstrong. 7th Line, Clarendon,
1.50
TANGLEFOOT, WILSON’S FLY PADS DR. WILIAMS FLY EXTERMINATOR
SPRAYERS.
W. A. HODGINS
tilt
Most things can be anybody s gift—
____— the which should not be lost sight of.	.	¦ ¦¦¦¦¦
Just what we however, is that all aie required y°ur portrait is distinctively,exclusively young lady to report, pursuant to the terms yours. Make an appointment to-day.
h. iMiKON. yi
Artist in Portraiture.


DU
1







sXV


1
###PAGE###2###

|by b shell which killed atl the occn- DDITIC1I Cl AT pants, including Sub-Lieut. Angus H. Dill 11311 I LAII MacLachlan, and the upper and lower	. É .
bridges and the disrtroom, Comman-	INI DID1 k I A Nu^
der Godial ordered the officers to go	111 D1DLL
with him to the conning toweis They observed through the observation slot In the steel wall of the conning tower that the eastern pier was breached some two hundred yards from the seaward end, as though at some time a ship had been in collision with it.
They saw the front of the town silhouetted again and again in the light of the guns that blazed at them. The night was a patchwork of fire and darkness.
toes to Western museums as tangible evidence of former civilisations.
The party carried tinned meats, rice, potatoes, and dates, and planned to buy fowl, eggs and native bread en route. Besides the heat of the sun, they had occasionally to endure clouds of tiny, biting flies that rose from the roadway. Animal life on the desert
was rare, but occasional villages in	_m WÊÊÊ	I
the palms gave relief, though not par-	Tainting Our Car.	picked out
The route has ,Ln popular through »"I * »•£ bv •mm.plh.he,. in . short	i„ . aome
the ages for trade between north and while if the whole family buckles into	similar manner except that nil
south, but there is little now to at- the work. The actual painting is the ^ pa|nt waA removed with the blades tract people of Western tastes. The smallest part of the work. It is clean- 0f flat knives. This was the most Kurds are a light people, blue-eyed, jng the car and getting it ready for laborious part of the work. The and commonly with flaxen hair. Their the paint that requires the most work.1 surface Was rubbed firmly with the dress chiefly differs from the Arabs’ Last year we painted our flve-paa- i #toe| wooj until it took on a shiny b/ the use of a turban of blue cotton, ganger car which was purchased new ^ish, then sandpapered, and rubbed The large market town of Kifri is jn 1913. It was the first time it c]Mn' with » dry cloth. It took built of dark sandstone, and has a had lieen repainted, and no doubt the prartically two days to clean the car. bazaar, roofed like those of Bagdad, task would have been much easier had when this was done the car was ready though smaller. Kerkuk, farther *t been done a year earlier. We did pa|nt.	,
north, is a dirty, unattractive city, it near the latter part of May because We used the same colors of paint with houses of stone, mostly covered the weather was warm and there was that were on the car originally, gray with stucco. It is distinctly Turkish, not much dust in the air.	1 for the chassis and black for the body,
and has a population of 20,000. The The tools required were putty We thought it would be less difficult principal mosque in the city contains knives for scraping off old paint to make a presentable job than if dif-the tombs of Shadrach aid Abednego, where necessary, thin-bladei! case fcrer>t colors were used. One reason while Meshach also is said to be bur- knives, steel wool for removing rust for our 8UCcess, I think, was due to
and paint, and sandpaper.	| fact that we used the best auto-
Good
LAST HOURS OF THE “VINDICTIVE
mm
M



A FITTING END FOR BATTLE-SCARRED CRUISER.
HISTORIC SCENES OF MIDDLE EAST CLAIM ATTENTION.
of the cornera with the
British Officer Gives Glimpses of Life in Palestine and Mesopotamia, Where Armies Advance.
Xdmiralty Story of Ostend Operation is Thrilling Account of Heroic Deed* of Naval Men.
The Admiralty ha* issued the following graphic story of the Ostend operation :
"Dunkirk, May 11.—The Sirius lies in the surf some 2,000 yards east of the entrance to Ostend arbor, which Mho failed so gallantly to block, and when In the early hours of yesterday
A British soldier's letter, stating that he is on guard at the very man-which Christ was born in Beth-
Conning Tower Hit
"Immediately after passing the
breach in the pier, Commander God-
sal left the conning tower and went on
deck, the better to watch the ship's
movements. He chose a position, and
,	.	_ called in through the slit of the com-
mornfag the Vindictive groped '*** ' ning tower his order to starboard the xvay through the smoke s sen and
heeded for the entrance It was as
though the old fighting ship awoke
and looked on.
"A coastal motor boat had visited
K*r m
1 eh cm ; the advance of the British beyond Jericho, and the further victories in Mesopotamia, all call attention again to the historic scenes of the Middle East which are centres in the great war. It has been truly said that
helm. The Vindictive responded and the war is a tremendous losson in geo-laid her battered nose to the eastern fraphy, and if the general render will pier and prepared to swing her 320 nse his opportunity he can brush up feet of length across the channel. ; history amazingly.
“it was at this monumb ttoai »Ww»|	n British omcet has writ
hor and hung a flare In her slack and ffom the	batteries struck the : ten his impressions on visiting Jeru-
rtiety rigging, and that eye of u*1-1 conning tower. Lieut. Sir John Al- »akm and Bethlehem ofter their steady fire, paling In the blaze of sJftT|feyI1 ,7ml Lieut. V. A. C. Crutchley capture by General Allenby’s forces, shells or reddening through, the drift were stll, within commnndcr Gadsal of smoke, watchedIth* Vhole great WHS cl0fe to the tower outside. Lieut, enterprise froy^the moment when it Alleyn was stunned by the shock, hung Untobbt to Its ultimate triumph- \t\tuim (>utvhley shouted through the
ant success.	slit to the commander, and receiving
"The planning and execution of no answel% rung for port engin* full that success had been entrusted by 8pee<1 astern, to help the
Admiral Sir Robert Keyes to ,hlp. By this time she was lying at Commodore Hubert Lynes. who di- an a^gle of al>out 40 degrees to the reeled the previous attempt to block pjCP Hnq 9eeme<l to he hard and fast, the hartxir with the Sirius ami Bril
Daxid's Tower
“Our first point of interest," he ied there, though the place of his in-says. "was David's Tower, which is, terment is forgotten. There is also I believe, the oldest tower in Jeru- in Kvrkuk a strong colony of Jews, We visited an Armenian who claim to be the children of the
First we took the car apart, remov- mobile paint to be obtained g ing the top, mud guards and fenders pajnt has a guarantee of service be-from the body, and the body from the bind it, and is the cheapest in the end. chassis. The body was put on a pair The first coat was rubbed on thor-of trusses in the garage, and the 0ughly, and allowed to harden about chassis pushed outside to clean. The four days. It was very hard and dry fenders and mud guards were taken *d,en the second coat was applied. As apart so that < ry particle of rust ^e weather ¦¦¦¦¦ could be removed. It is useless to, hardened quickly. When the second try to make paint stick long to a coat had dried there was not much rusted surface, and once begun it pays	but it had covered up
to do a thorough job.	| Hmoothly all the scratches and in-
A third coat

monastery showing two places where captivity of Nebuchadnezzar St. Veter was warming himself, a1 piece of original mosaic pavement ' and a piece of a pillar on which the cock that crowed stood. After this so it was impossible to bring her fur- we wellt jnto the room in which the ther around.	Last Supper was held, with pillars
"After working the engines some nn(1 aPches, so that except for it be-minutes Lieut, Crutchley gave the jflg on (he upper order to clear the engine room an<l Ugree with my childish imagination, abandon ship, according to the pro- j was ^ld one interesting thing, and "Upon this, the main problem was gramme previously laid down."	that was that the directions given
to secure the effect of a surprise at-	.	. * T. ..7	.	by Jesus to his Disciples to find the
tack upon an enemy who was clearly,	( hl,dren ",thoul Krtad room were very definite, because in
from his ascertained dispositions ex- Struck by the necessity of coming this country no man ever carried plan to Take Agriculturists From the peeling him. The Sirius and Brilliant at once to the rescue of Belgium, in water unless much carrying had to | had him baffled by the displacement her now desperate plight, the Belgian l,v done, it always being done by the of the Stroom Bank buoy, which Relief Committee in Canada have de- women, so that when they were told
marks the channel to the harbor en- dded that the best way to help is to to look for and follow a man bearing	I	I
trance. But since then aerial recon- take under their care the children of » pitcher of water there would prob- ° °rt< "!!! . v	th»n	thnt of
naissances had established that Ger- Belgium; for this purpose the follow- ably be only one man doing it.	P"r anco °	4	A renditions
' ÏÏSEKSIS—‘=
Thursday, the ships moved from their after the numerous orphans of Bel- Gcthsemanc," he goes on. This gar- ; wheat bread, and white if they ca i	Changes Wrought by War.	Brand Whitlock, former
anchorage, it was known that some glum, whose condition beggars de- den is disillusioning, for now it	1 ' * j4 * . .	t * A veritable revolution in the pro- States ambassador, says in a recen
nine German destroyers were out and scription. Charity will be given in the made up in neat paths and flowvi *anao • V 'lh k5.	*, efin cesses of French agriculture is certain article that some of the scenes he has
were at large upon the coast.	name of Canada and in this way Can- beds, which is not what pictuied. t. n ranee w ere *	... .	«	if France is to bring back her wheat been familiar with in Belgium simp y
masmmmm
flurry of gunfire announced that Ger-, that ^arrangement has now been in one of the narrow streets, as if lx*- ! Bl* Inrrease I ossible. tion, and if he likes he may take a children weeping, screaming, impWr-
man airplanes were about. They made with the Wayland Company of longing to some prehistoric period. “It is quite possible for us to in- pat of it to his restaurant, as he does mg, and the soldiers compelling them
were actually on the way to visit winnipe(f to carr>. out the British i This is probably one of some Greek crease our wheat lands in France, as his lump of sugar, but he may not or- to walk with their hands up, or maic-Calais, and over the invisible coast of Governme’nfs programme for flax temple or even of a church of the Cru- suitable soil in quantity is still uncul- der it In a restaurant, not even as a mg them kneel, or run, or kicking Flanders the summer lightning of Reed cultivation jn Canada. It is re- sailers, for many traces of the Greek \ tivated. Driven from my own region hors d’œuvre, of which it usually them, or striking them with their restless artillery rose and fell mono- presented that the present situation temples are being unearthed, one piece by the invaders, I have not been able formed a part	^a“.or ”*th bu ,S .°. , 5 '
tonously. There's the Vindictive!’ r Hllseitt an(1 the ereatly increased I of mosaic of beautiful design and col-j to learn what might be done therein The same bread ration of the re- miLt oTthe smolring ruiM-'while
other soldiers, with wine bottles under their arms, went reeling past, crying out at the captives: 'und! Schewein! SchweinhundV
“And so, for another day and another night the madness went on, the murder, the looting, the sacking, the riot and the burning and the lust; with soldiers pillaging the houses, bearing the wine in great baskets out of the cellars, to be guzzled in the street, while men and women and children were shot down and their bodies left to lie in gutters, or on the smoking ruins, or thrown into foul cesspools."
swinging
VI
FRANCE AIMS AT BIG WHEAT CROP
clear and warm, it
was
liant. Upon that occasion a combination of unforeseen and unforeseeable conditions had fought against him.
floor it did not
The fenders and wheels were the equalities of the body only parts that had any water used in' was applied to the chassis, fenders, cleaning; all the rest was dry cleaned. ' and mud guards. Wherever a tap These were first washed with auto- was removed the threads were daubed mobile soap, then with clean water, with paint before putting on the tap und allowed to dry. The knives and to hold k. tight.
steel wool were used to remove the About four days after the painting rust and chipped paint, after which was all done the entire car was given the surfaces were smoothed down two coats of a high-grade varnish, first with coarse and then with fine This gave it a fine glossy appearance sandpaper. The grease about the which has helped greatly in prçserv-wheels was cut with gasoline and ing the paint and retaining the sheen.
UNUSED LANDS EXPECTED TO HELP RELIEVE SCARCITY.
Surprise Perfect.
!
Army is Favored Though Not Possible Just Yet.
THE SACKING OF LOUVAIN
cumstances of the moment may not allow this, but demands that the project should have more consideration than it has had up to now.
Brand Whitlock Describes Destruction and Murder by Germans.
United


*t presented that the present situation temples are being unearthed, one piece by tne invaders, 1 nave not oetn a Die
v •	------- —	------- - in Russia and the greatly increased of mosaic of beautiful design and col- to learn what might be done therein -------------------------------- — __
Muffled seamen and marines standing	n;itiona]	demand for aeroplane fabric	or in particular having been unearth-	this respect, but I have taken the op-	staurant -100	grammes if your meal
by torpedo-tubes and guns turned at	makç %	essential that every effort	ed. This one is supposed to have a	portunity of studying other regions of	costs six francs, about a dollar	at
that name, to gaze at the great black	be put forth to increase the representation of our Patron Saint, our belle France. ! L_ ------------------- - r-------------- -----— --------«-«-—- -ship seen mistily through the screen-	cultivation of flax within the British	St. George, and at present it is not de-	wheat lands, which for obvious pre-	make possible under the present diming smoke from the destroyers' fun-	Kmpjre (;reat importance is attach-	elded whether it will go to Australia,	sent day reasons are left uncultivat-	cult conditions of revitailtement giv-
nela, plodding silently to her goal and	^ by the War Office to the success of	whose sons claim to have found it or	ed, but I have not seen any fallow	ing every house dweller his regular
end. Photographs had made familiar	Colonel Wayland's efforts to the end	to the British Museum. I hope the	land which has not been turned over	300 grammes	a day. The war	has
that high-sided profile, her tall fun-	tha( th(	, ulti\ation of flax seed in	former ha it, as it is only fair that j	in an effort to produce some sort of a	brought many	changes in habits,	but
nels with Zeebrugges scars, always with the background of the pier at
1 have seen vast the present exchange—is supposed to
lLion <71 llttA rswu 11S lvrmci an x c #%, «o iv so xjhij *****	I	\	.	99	, i	i	/
ail possible skill and ! the young countries who have fought j crop where cultivation had been	prac-	none more notable	than	this	in	bread-
¦	for us should hâve some rel of th d before,	eating France
past, and surely we have enough." “It i* probable that this uncultivat tf „	, ..	.	ed land is less favorable to wheat
a °	K H*	growing than the other, which is al-
Six hundred miles to the east an- ready growing grain, and this is per-othcr British oohunn is p ^ing its haps the chief criticism. But all the
way up the valley of the Tigris to-	game these lands should	be	put	into	Oh, each of us	a	soldier	stands	towards Mosul, by the ruins of ancient	seed as soon as possible,	in	the	near
Nineveh. Here was the palace of future at any rate.”
Sennacherib and the reputed tomb As for the question of farm labor, of Jonah, with all that these names the authority is of the opinion that as mean in the history of the world, many farmer soldiers as possible These hot, dusty lands have had few should be demobilized to aid the wo-vi si tors in modern times except men men and the old folks, who are large-bent on scientific missions seeking to ly responsible for such wheat crops as uncover the past and bring memen- are being grown. He admits that cir-
Canada receive
care from the farmers cone# rned. In Dover against which she lay to ho the prefient circumstances the produc-fitted for her last task. Nor was add- tion of flax Reefl regarded as of ed to her the environment of night and uaj importance with that of wheat ¦ and the greatness of the tragedy of her mission.
-A
Our Common Task.
Now no man’s loss is private; we share all.
Fea
or any cereal
?
In Smoke Screen.
Milk is the chief food for lime. It "She receded into the night astern, in much richer in this than other comas a destroyer raced on to lay a light mon foods, one cupful of milk contain-buoy that was to be her guide, and ing #ix and a quarter times as much those on board saw her no more. She ijme as one egg and twenty-one times passed thence into the hands of the as much lime as two slices of bread, small craft whose mission was to Lime in food Is particularly needed by guide her in the clouds of a smoke children because it builds bone and
! teeth. A little is also needed for the
day
Put to the proof and summoned to the call.
One will, one faith, one peril! Hearts, be high.
Most when the hour is darkest! Come what may,
The soul in us is found, and shall not
When a cake of soap is worn nearly thin enough to break stick it to the new cake by putting both in quite warm water, then press firmly together. When cold it will be one solid cake. This does away with small pieces of soap and there is no waste.
moreen.
“After her control was demolished blood and other parts of the body
die

*
&AH 6013.16UBS3 l
warp
3KK in WP and ovrmAip
Left YttTCRWN.
\ AWFUIÎR AotBN
We Do«V VMT , To dtr m bad
No-WHAT DO YOU HIIKK THIS
puce k>, a hotel that
You CAW WING A CLOCK . WIR FRIEND*
IN AT ANN OLD
TIMET l*M HOT
PREPARED TO l
ENTERTAIN ^TONKLHT
au right)
bot HELEN,LISTEN.
they’re wr PossN,
ANN OLD THING ]
WtLLrrc-r~-—
NON YOU FELLOWS
make Yourselves RKHT AT home- — I'LL TELL THEftoN WIFE YotfRE )&,] —, HERE AJ./
aur TOM You
»tDNV PHONE
I
HER.
OF
a
PO
HOW U5TCH,
you COMC
mdHT ALÛH6,
wJBs
*
:
f
%»',


For dinner

#•••
%

Cl
tbzz
###PAGE###3###
T inaide the ahip, driving out old rivet*;
' drill* chopped through armored bolt*
| like knlvee through rheme; saw* rut away battered plating a* though it had been tiaaue paper. The work i went on day and night a* if under a magician** wand.	i
And when at the end of their three ; week** leave- -they had well earned , ! the reat—the cruiner’s complement
The Living Line.
As long as faith and freedom last, And earth goes round the sun,
This stands—the British line held fast
And so the fight was won.

ROYAL
for a general cleaning out of the intestine# tf you wish to avoid: constipation, bIMouane*#, pimples and other troubles so frequent at this season of the year. Use
YES! LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
How Is the Time
Cincinnati man tolls how to dry up a corn or callus so It lifts off with fingers.

%
MADE IN CANADA

X


Mop
/PERFECT
¦ B^EAD
YEAST
The greatest fight that ever yet Brought all the world to dearth; A fight of two great nation* set To battle for the earth.



«4/
,	. You corn «peste red men and women
! returned to their ship, they found nep(1 guffer no |onger. Wear the shoe*
that not only hn-i h« r jipIs been ^at nearly killed you before, says this ; Thtit bleeding line, that falling fence, repaired, not only was she fully Cincinnati authority, because a few equipped at all points an I ready or dropg Qf freezone applied directly I
immediate action if needs he, but the ^tulvr, aching corn or callus, stops dockyardmen had hauled her out of gorenegg at once and soon the corn or dock and placed her head towards the hardene(! ca||UK loosens so it can be Channel, had filled her bunk* rg with	root and all, without pain,
coal and her magazines with ammu- A amall ^ttle of freezone costs nition—in sooth, they had healed her yery at any drug g tore, but will and convalesced her, and passed her poaitive|y take off every hard or soft “Fit for General Service.”	I rorn or cullus. This should be tried,
as it is inexpensive and is said not to irritate the surrounding skin.
If your druggist hasn't any freezone tell him to get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house. It is Potato butter is recommended by flne stuff and acts like a charm every the British ministry of food as a time, cheap substitute for butter, being made in England at a cost of less than ten cents per pound, as follows:
“Peel the potatoes and boil until
. - they fall to pieces and become floury.
The grea cruiser was indecd n Then run through a flne sieve into pitiable state; she looked the epitome WBrmed baain fourteen ounces of of desolation and misery as the fussy ^ and add two ounces of hut-little tugs hauled her gently past the ^ o|. margarino and one teaspoon-chequered forts at Spithead, ana fu] Qf gaU 8tir until smooth and headed her tenderly towards	that	^ mo,d jnto	roll,	and	keep in	»
Dockyard.	_	if intended to keep	beyond	a	few But (n this memory-haunted
Good-looking blouses are always toj ,Her f°remaat was snapped off day, a butter preservative should be, , mjl|J her most 0f all. be desired	and this	is	particularly, short, and her fire control	top	al	added."
smart.	McCall	Pattern	No.	7754,	! completely.disappeared; the	fore	fun-
Ladies’ Blouse. In C sizes, 34 to 44 "el looked like a battered tin-can or a
bust. Price, 20 cents.	squashed concertina, and her bridge
— 'was a mass of twisted steel and splintered woodwork. The great fore turret looked as though attacked with a gigantic tin-opener; the colossal right twelve-inch gun was snapped off short, the daw edges of the steel showing like the teeth of a beast of prey. The midship funnel had completely disappeared with its casing, but the after one, strangely enough, had not received so much as a scratch
PURGATIVE WATER
the Ideal saline purgative which flushes out the Intestines, removes offensive waste matter, insures normal bowel action, pure Wood and freedom from Illness.
That stubborn ebbing wave,
That string of suffering human sense, Shuddered, but never gave.
A living line of human flesh,
It quivered like a brain;
Swarm after swarm came on afresh And crashed, but crashed in vain.
#
The world shall tell how they stood
fast,
And how the fight was won,
As long as faith and freedom last And earth goes round the sun.
on a
23 cents ths bottle.
On Ssls everywhere! RIGA PURGATIVE WATER CO.
MONTREAL.
THE WORK OF THE SHIP DOCTORS
Seasonable
Designs
; l*
BITTER FROM POTATOES.

THREE WEEKS IN THE DRY
DOCK HOSPITAL.
Sugaring the Tea Pot.
The silver tea pot ran be prevented from getting musty while not in us* by dropping a lump of sugar in it after it has been cleaned and dried.
Palatable Article Can Be Manufactured for Ten Cents a Pound.

Mlnurd'e Liniment unnd by Pbyelclnns.
*
Obligation to Save Food
Every pound of food saved by each , Minardi Liniment Lumberman's Prient. 1 MisdiSII citizen is a pound given to the support of our army and the Al-
Every pound wasted or eaten man less is the ideal farming
unnecessarily is a pound withheld
from them. It is a direct personal _______
obligation on the part of each of us VC to someone in Europe whom we arc r;M bound to help
A Navy Officer Tells How a Battered Cruiser Was Made Hale and Well Again.
Remembrance.
This is the sharpest pang to hear:
How I do not forget,
But wake to see her waiting there, As if she loved me yet.
Oh, for an end of idle dreams That stir a sleeping heart!
So far she is, so near she seems— So near, so far apart!
Z
Working the* farm more and the
V.
lies

v
________FOB SALE__________________
T EKKLT NEWS! Al'ER IN WEST-e n Ontarlo. Doing a good bu*!-Death of owner places It cm th» A great chance for a man with Applv Box 8? Wilson Publishing 11ed. Toronto
KLL EQUIPPED NBWSFAFfK and Job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried $1 500 Will go for 11.200 on quick male Box ## Wilson Publishing Co. Ltd . Toronto

i
X':
market

cash Co Llm
VV
/
our shoes neat
K<
room
MISCBLLAHrOUS
ranitk cutters and LET-
tarera wanted. Write Geo. M Paul, 166 Victoria Ht.. Hernia.
After these many months of pain Her face I shall not see;
I shall not hear her voice again— She comes not back to me’
—+>
IN
GIRLS! LEMON JUICE
IS SKIN WHITENER.
i y ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC. Vv Internal and external, cured wltt*
;rwc:.Yoo<,Y.r«.homn,tr^n™LM.d,r^
Limited. Col ling wood. Ont_____
How lo make a creamy beauty lotion
for a few cents.
MONEY ORDERS.
The safe way to send money by mail The juice of two fresh lemons |g ^y Dominion Express Money Order, strained into a bottle containing three of orchard white makes a whole
SHOE POLISHES
1IQUIQS ^PASTES
/’'BLACK. WHITE .TAN. DARK BROWN
Co
1 ADIKH WANTED TO DO PLAIN JLi and light sewing at home, whole or
Company. Montreal.*
Sugar Saving 25 Per Cent.
The recent sugar restrictions pass— si#:#####
The armored hull bore evidence to gets in, then this lotion will keep necesSary by the shipping and rail the straight shooting indulged in by	fresh for months. Every woman	tra ortation situation. There	is
the enemy. Circular holes indicated	knows that lemon juice	is used to	ar in cuba but we	cannot get	it
where the monster shells had passed bleach and remove such blemishes as	çanaja What we can get we
clean through; deep dents showed1 freckles, sallowness and tan and is	conserve for preserving time
where the resisting plates had turned 1 the ideal skin softener, whitener and them off. One projectile had carried beautifier.
a high-pressure turbine completely Just try it! Get three ounces of off its bed in the port engine room, orchard white at any drug store and
Others had ruined boilers, so that. two lemons from the grotei and make Efforts nave neen maue mruugnvuv
eight out of a score could only be	up a quarter pint of this	sweetly fra-	ç.ftn£Mja ^ produce and	market _
trusted to raise steam. But, damaged	grant lemon lotion and	ma age it	This country has	fish resources,
as she was, the great cruiser was daily into the face, neck, arms and	^ave been exploited commer-
triumphant also—a	sixteen-foot hands.	_	ciallv for the export trade, but only
square collision mat spread over her j	in the big cities have fresh fish been
bows covered a gaping hole made	The Wings of the Aeroplane. available regularly to private con
when she, in her last extremity, lift- War conditions have afforded an gumer8 on the Pacific Coast and the ed her ram and jammed it clean excellent opportunity for farmers in Atlantic Coast, on the lakes of the through the side of her insolent foe. certain sections of Canada to engatffe \yest, on the lakes of Northern On-After that, what did it matter if the extensively in the production of fibre tario and the Great Lakes, fishermen foremost compartments filled with a**. They will thereby not only add water, if the deck did slant down- to their sources of income, but will wards till every ripple sent a film of - aiso be of direct and vital aid in the water streaming over the wrecked war efforts of the Allies. The mas-Ilere is a dress that really i onserves and ahell-tom forecastle T	tery of the air is proving a great,
material, for oTily 2% yards of o4-incn Mer captain, unhurt by the fight, perhaps the determining factor, in the material is necessary to make it. ^a(j gonc aimo»t grey-haired over the struggle now going on. Aeroplanes McCall Pattern No. 8091, Ladies gettjng 0f the ship to the place where are being built in vast numbers as
Waist. Jn,6 *1*es; ionAi. b 99N£'the three magnificent tugs met and rap|dly as possible. As a covering K211, Ladies’ Skirt. In 7 sites;	took her in charge. And now, with a	for the wings of these, linen is the
34 waist. Price, 20 cents each.	pilot on the bridge, with a tug ahead	onjy material found satisfactory.
These patterns	^ obtained to haul her along, and one on each Large quantities are also needed for six
from your local McCaH dR^er	side to steer her, he was sleeping the	machine gun webbing, ambulance and
from the McCall Co., «0 Bond a ., slcep 0f utter exhaustion in a wreck-	truck covers, thread for sewifig uni-
Toronto, Dept. W.	ed fore cabin.	! forms, and a number of other uses.
Right up harbor went the battered Were the supply of fibre flax for these Ashes, if allowed to accumulate in *hip, saluting as she passed the Vic- j purposes to fall short, as is threaten-the fireplace, will eventually bum the tory, and seeming to receive a wel-, ^ would directly and profoundly feet off the andirons.	coming “Well done!” from that battle aff’ect the success of the Allied
worn craft. Trim cruisers, patrol, fq^es.
hoat*' deetroyer., and submarines ex- ! Before the war, flax was imported	Importation Insufficient.
ssgsupimss mmm
S3 SSSSrs kS-Hï S.-3
ïïfàmm
fully, these were hove round, and the fibre.	e e	Bppuarrr
battered vessel slipped inch by inch The foregoing information is con-into her sick bed. The causon at the : tained in a circular on flax growing end of the dock slid into place astern issued by the Federal Department of of her, the great pumps clanked, and Agriculture and that can be had free the water became lower gradually,1 by addressing the Publications but quite perceptibly.	: Branch of that Department, Ottawa
Hordes of grimy dock yardmen swarmed into her as the gangways
were flung to the jetty; fussy little Never move a cake in the oven until cranes slammed into the dock huge, ^e centre is set. square baulks of timber, sized and marked to fit each in a certain position and no other. They took these J baulks, the “mateys,” and they adjusted them so that, when at last the cruiser’s keel rested on the chocks in , the bottom of the dock, the baulks supported her on both sides, and prevented her canting over to one side or the other. And as the water receded and exposed more of her under- j water hull, the mateys put in other rows of shores, till at last she was dry and high, ready for the healing hands of the ship doctors.
New Ships for Old.
This done, came a small army of ~ other grimy men—fitters, turners, jg artificers of all kinds—with their small tool-boxes. Followed them a host of small and even dirtier boys.
the most i«MÏ coivable. Hammers rack et ted
ounces
quarter pint of the most remarkable lemon skin beautifier at about the cost
1
OR OX-BLOOD SHOES
PRESERVE the LEATHER
SMOKE
ORINOCO
Lsw.NWVlIdi C
titV*
CUT FINE FOR CIGARETTES
A Kidney Remedy
S’-
V
Kidney troubles are frequently sed by badly digested food which overtakes these organs to eliminate the irritant acids formed. Help your stomach to properly digest the food by taking 1 Site 30 drops of Extract of Roots, sold as Mother Selgel’s Curative Syrup, and your kidney disorder will promptly disappear, Get the genuine. 7
cau
.1

c
Keep Mlnardn Liniment In the hones.
L t
•r »
r jl
Eat More Fish


• •*.
1.



I
Let Cuticura Care for Baby’s Skin
It's really wonderful how auickly a hot bath with Cuticura Soap followed by a gentle anointing with Cuticura Ointment relieves skin Irritation# which keep baby wakeful and restless, permits sleep for infant and rest for mother, and points to healment In most cases when it seems nothing would help.
will procure fish if the demand for it becomes regular and constant. _ fish and save meat for the men
HUBS
P and
HORSES
Eat
more at the front.

Had ship’s anchor fall on my knee and leg, and knee swelled up and for six days I could not move it or get help. I then started to use MIN-ARD’S LINIMENT and two bottles
cured me.
Sold by dealers throughoet the world.
The world is short of horses. To get the most out of your team use
HAT CHANGE IN
WOMAN’S LIFE
PROSPER FERGUSON.
MICA
AXLE GREASE
i " Use half as much as any other
The mica flakes fill the pores and crevices in the axle and the grease keeps them there. Mica Grease means fresher horses at the end of the day and longer life for your harness and wagons.
Before the war Great Britain was dependent for two-thirds of its food upon imports, or four loaves of bread out of five.
Mrs. Godden Tells How k May be Passed in Safety and Comfort
Fremont, 0.—"I was passing through the critical period of life, being forty-
« i x years of age and had all the symptoms incidenttothat change—heat flashes, nervousness, and was in a general run down condition, so it was hard for me to do my work. Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound was recommended to me as the best remedy for my troubles, which it surely proved to be. I feel better and nger in every way since taking it, the annoying symptoms have disap" — Mrs. M. GODDEN, 925 N&-
EUREKA HARNESS OIL
J
" Lengthens leather life ' *
un-
Ovcrcomes leather's worst
water and dirt. It

V.7.V.V.,
!
enemies makes harness pliable and waterproof, prevents break-f stitches and imparts
War Demands
Saving of Sugar. Saving of Fuel,
Use of other
Grains with Wheat
-No Waste.

ing o	¦
that rich black lustre to all
dark dressed leather.
%
<
*\RSrj

stron
Sold lo standard dzed packages by live dealers everywhere.
and

pea red.	¦	^
poleon St, Fremont,Ohio.
Such annoying symptom | flashes, nervousness, backache, headache, irritability and "the blues,” may bs speedily overeoms and the system restored to normal conditions by this famous root and herb remedy Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound.
If any complications present them-•I-lives write the Pink ham Medicine Co,, I ynn, Mass , for suggestions how to overcome them. The result of forty years experience Is at your servke and your letter held In strict confidence.
FAX I LY
IMPERIAL OIL LIMITED
a.» for Xlmmrd’e sad take mo other.
heat

SALVE
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
l
I
w,r R
«
Grape#
50
MICA
atK
Heals like Maglcfx
burns,' cuts, chafing/ blisters, piles, ab* icesMS, sunburn, boils, bruises, snd other Inflammation. < At dealers, or Write W. MiaST RIMIDY iC0MPANYt_M4*IIW*. Ca##St
answers every demand. Its an
economical,noun
ishind and delicious food, a builder and mainteiner of Vidor and Health.
Tby it. h
"There* a Reason
Cut

f
>
4

In conaway

Then arose
ISSUE 21—-*18.
ED. 7.
vv** yyvv*
1 A A â

vv w va, * *

wé*è*4




*


###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
SHAWVILLE :
The Silo an Economic Necessity | Short Horns For Sale
We si ill have two extra good young t, I Huile, tit for nervlce. We will alee price . | our yearlings and two war old heifers.
KLLAHD HOIKS INS.
Kim hurst Farm
THE EQUITY.
Bf
(Experimental Farm Note.)
Mu
i
i
The chew ; teat and l test ration for liv * stock must contain a reasonable amount of succulent feed. An abundance of suitable pasture is unexcelled, and a substitute for this feed in winter or during a drought in summer inessential for greatest production and profits.
In view of the scarcity and high prices of grains and meals the .siIn takes <m an increased value. For example : 100 |M>unds total digestible nutrients it com silage has a net cost of 54c., it
it> $4.89, etc. .sts $3.00 per tnii to raist
SHAWVILLE. MAY 30. 1918.
n
J
O. Y. !i, LODGE, No. 304, meet* 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
K. 8. H. Workman,
W. M.
I
I
4
United States airmen are to take a hand m the defence of Paris, which the enemy has lieen attacking with uncomfortable frequency while the May moon a horded the opportunity.
Irvin Hamilton,
Iieo.-Secy
PASTURE TO RENT
Scientifically "
PleSOT
4
On 13th Range, Township of Ularen For particulars apply to
Miss K. KENNEDY,
13th (’on., Y arm, P. (>
L. O. L. No. 27, meet» l»t Tuesday of each
mont h
Hrkh lloiHUN»
W. M
lull
rfftC
avor.
Hko. Hodoinb,
Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month
H. N. Hodoins,
XV. Cniop. In Com
For Service
Evidence is in iK>»session of the Hi it bran #2.31, corn #2.02
ish Government showing that the Sinn w*UMl 's^a8,t I	.....1., ..
Peiner*, in their contemplated revolt in Hnd sl'w	an‘ V;lll,l„l1 l! | " mgvrvelt I',
Ireland, were being aided and abetted tlu.M. lim,.s ,.v|K.,„i„. |,.|„,r, so. d. 11‘, by and closely in league with emissaries horse labor and machinery, corn may b of the German Government. The plot placed in the silo at the above cost
was hatched in the United States ami I kmvb this is Mitlivivnt ica^ n why ..	.	.	.	.	. ..	, every live stock tanner should consider
1,1	1 trough the \ lance of^| the increase in siiagt* production
Uncle Sam’s secret police
R*V. Hodoins. Corn. Scribe.
Hie 1
bred Holstein Hull Pont
24084 or #5.00 1
Eh
N
Ft
i \
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
ï. R KILOoVK, Klmvale Farm
. Is the worlds best chew.
It is the most economical chew.
For Service
Registered Short horn Hull, Village Swell, No. 103851 ; Sire Lavender King \	13410. Fee #
tho.mas McDowell,
Shaw villi», (jue.
>»
Austin - First Tuesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, •
Shawville • First Thursday,
of each month.
The adaptability of the silo to vari«>u> parts of Canada depends on the I oc a tit'n, varieties of crops which may lie
Miyor A. W. Gray, who has recently | grown, ind to a leaser extent, on the
' class ni live stock maint ni. N farmer with two or three cow n should think of building a sil»», but fora bird j containing ten cows or more, or the etpliv tient, a >ilo may advantageously i
feed pre eminently g of dairy cattle. | ‘i y excellent and r l»eet cattle, sheep and In the majority of the l>est live 1 stock districts in Ontario ami Western Quelxv silos should be on every stuck farm. In the Maritime Provinces, Eastern QuelKv and Hritish Columbia, all large stock farms, particularly of dairy cattle, can Use a silo to excellent ad vault any particular district is not o corn glowing, jieas and oats,
about forty miles. This front covers !;l,h* \v$t ^vs’ J'hwer, alfalfa, etc,,
, i «	,, .	, .	.	. may be substituted for that crop. In
tl»' road, towards Pans, but the i**. I „|e Maritime Province* siln* ..n many
li°ns held by the Allies are said to lv farms, particularly on large stock farms,
most advantageous, ao there is not much are operated satisfactorily.
returned from France where he was in
command of railway troops, has expressed the lielief that the Kaiser will lie brought to his knees this Fall. This view, lie says, is shared in by many other officers in France. For the sake of a
Young Cattle Astray.
(REAM Wanted !
»<>d ! 1* erected. Silage i suited to the feed It, however, is a
Strayed front t! ant, Kims curling ea hams, 1 Ayrshii
hankful for any informali
vvrv.
First Friday,
premises of Mrs on or about Mat • J H< U
lal
(
"til
sutler mg, Borrow stricken cju»aj world it is fervently hoped the predie-1 hoi
\
ms l Mrs. Grant
i
WE SUPPLY CANS
SHIP EXPRESS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers from oure sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realize and pay Producers* a higher price per pound Butter ftl( g When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and tests are guaranteed.' •JNf T	/yrx *
„ OTTAWA
( i ivy I will 1
tl. xx ill ! t 1 t" th* ii :
M >
tion may lx* vcritied
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cube Laroklv Vskd With V ery Great
Success.
m
Strayed from Charles Chain 1 trim's, 8th line Clarendon, aWut 8th May, a red yearling >twr. Information leading to his recovery will lx* thankfully ivvcivvd l»y the owner.
Snm stki
A new offensive was launched by the Germans on Monday morning against the British and French positions be-1 tag* tween Rheims and Sois,sons, a front of I suited t
""CANADA
Sheep Astray
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dys|icpsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : ** I bad rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two Wit les of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from
all pain and stiffness
V. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : 44 1 was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Haunt St., Renfrew, writes : 44 I a as troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me
Mr. I). M
Strayed fmm my premises (late Noble Armstrong Farm) on May 18th, one ewe with slightly brown-colored face. Information regarding her will W thankfully received by the undersigned.
THUS. HOBiN.
danger of old Hindy smashing through at that |K>int, if such is his object, and which will become clearer as the battle
SILos FOU WINTER V s K.
Silage at $3.50 per ton is chea|>er cattle feed than mixed lmy at $12 jh.t ton. Corn ensilage is 30 per vent better than shocked corn from field. The same holds equally true of until reshed oats or oats and j>eas saved for winter fee* 1. Silage from peas and oats pro- | duced milk 20 p. c. cheaper than out sheaves, 30 p. c. than straw and turnips and 40 p. v. cheaper than hay. At the same cost |*er ton, silage is better feed than roots for Ixvf or dairy cattle. Moreover, considering present labor conditions as well iis cost of harvesting, keeping qualities and cost of storage, silage, where grown successfully, is more economical than roots. Silage needs no pulping or other preparation for feeding. Silage for winter use is in itself the cheapest feed, and it also makes all other roughages and grains more palatable, wholesome and profitable.
sILos FOR SUMMER USB.
We own and offer for sale
$450,000.00 CITY OF VERDUN
develops
Uncle Sam’s army in France is getting to be a pretty formidable establishment, and may Ik* counted on before long as a big factor in turning the tide of the war. Some time ago it was gathered from a statement of the V. S. war secretary that a half million American troops were then on French soil. A recent announcement says Mr. 1 taker’s figures are now very much out of date ; indeed it is hinted that the number is approaching the million mark, and within two or three months the expectations are that it will be further increased by about fifty |x»r cent. Moreover, the

6°0 Five Year Bonds close March, st, 92 3 PRICE : PAR and accrued interest.
N. B. THK CITY OF VKRDVN, with its population of i. ranks third in importance in the province of Quebec. As it is one of the best administered towns on the island of Montreal, its bonds should enjoy a popularity equal to that of the City of Outremont, whose issue of #1,500,000 have just been absorbed by the public in less than two months.
Hubert son, Renfrew writes : “ I have not had an attack of, astlimit or coughing since I tofok the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-ville Drug Co., Shaw ville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply ( o., Fort Coulonge, Que.; .1. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 2îtf>, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage.
.,	. t .	... . . Good Histure, if available, is tin
program provides that the army will ni- (.hea,x‘st >minner fet'd. W here ^rman
timately reach the colossal figure of five ent pastures fail, an annually sown pas
million men, if it is found necessary to turc of rye or oats and I parley may, un I |H BHB	I	WÊ I
employ that many to wallop the Kaiser. M1*1 present la bur conditions, I »v t lu* WAR PROPHECY COMES TRUE
cheapest substitute. However, the use !	-------
of soiling crops or summer silage nay Russian Banker's Prediction Govern lie the only available means of pi ing succulents. As a rule, si la more profitable and more cheaply u ™wn
The Department "f Militia ind De-1 than are soiling crops and is more Only seven years ago M. Bloch, the WÈÉÈÊjjÉiBSË^m^^^^^^^^rhr	the great Russian	*That
»	- ..........*	izrxttssrssïi
where men are called	up	under	the Will	66t\	|ier cxs t ; producetl on corn silage	thê bankruptcy	of nations, and thê
tary Service Act, but	no	relief	for farm- and	mixed hay may cost 7ik\ per cwt ;	breaking up	of	the whole social or-
included, however. The following i produced on soiling on.p (jams and oats) ganlzation of the nations.”
I cost	#1.04 |xr cwt. With all lots, the	The future	of	war, as written about
heavy milkers received some grain,	by M. Bloch	seven years ago. Is the
Where suitable pastures are not avail- present of war today, observes Ver-able the summer silo provides the non Kellogg in the Atlantic. Not that cheapest feed and greatest profits.	fighting and the slaying of men are
Finally, farmers with silos need never lessened. Only the Napoleonic and fear losing a crop of clover, alfalfa or the Thirty Years’ wars approach to-
law grown grain Silage making does day’s war in the terrible losses of hu- I appeals to our sense of pati iotism tiot iiepeiul on the dryness ot the wea- man life; and too great a drain on in order that every man and wo-ther. 1 he silo is the cheapest storage &h@ human Ufe of any one or several man from the ago of 16 and above building on the farm in projection to 3f tbt nations engaged may be the de- register on a day hereafter indi-tlie tonnage capacity. The silo allows ci(ftng factor In the war’s conclusion, cated. And in order to facilitate the carrying of more stock per acre on But on the whole, and as matters stand such execution the following per-, the farm and is a labor-saver, a money today, that pert of M. Bloch’s prophecy	hons have	been	appointed	I deputy
maker and a soil enficher. This is the ; referring to the predominant Influence	Registrars	for.	this	District,	and
"" ..........EsEEBraBB
methods of fighting as are beyond even »
and international phases of the food L. .	-,	. .	. nl .
%= vsrzr	æs
uation today.	I \v. Elliott. Est*, Shawville.
For the Townships of Litchfield, Leslie, Clapham, Calumet Island, Mansfield, Pontefract, including the towns and villages therein, ns well as the Township of Do-
Consult your Notary on the Va’ue of this Investment,
VERSAILLES,
& BOULAIS,
Limited.
Versailles Building, 90 St. James St.
Bankers
t
Years Ago Provided for Famine and the Bankruptcy of Nations.
Young Farmers must first Report, then ask Exemption
IS
Tel. Main 8745-8746.
Montreal.
fence has made an announcement
Teacher Wanted
INSTRUCTIONS
Wanted, for Aldfield School No. 1, a qualified Teacher to teach for a term of eight months, viz., from Sept. 1st to Dec. 23rd, 1918, and from March 1st, 1919, to end of school year. Applications to state salary exacted and to lie in the hands of the undersigned not later than June 15th.
WM, C. 8TENDER,
»Sec.-Treas., Ladysmith, Que.
TEACHER WANTED
ers is is the text
Re* Registration of the Man and Woman Power of the District of Pontiac.
“ The attention of the Government having been directed particularly to cases of men of twenty, twenty-one and twenty-two called up for military duty, who were the sole suppx>rt of their parents or of other helpless dependents, an order-in-council has been passed providing for the consideration of extraordinary cases of extreme hardship to' the dependents of the men called up for duty.
Teacher holding Elementary Diploma for Davidson School, to teach ten months ending June 30, 1919 particulars apply to
JOHN C. HOWARD,
Sec.-Treasurer, Davidson P. O., Que
For
The Canada Registration Hoard
May 11, 1918
!l
44 The urgent need of men overseas is such as that leave of absence can only be granted in these cases of extreme hardship to dependents, or in cases in which the man concerned is the only remaining son of military age (19 to 45), other members of whose family are in military service or have been killed or disabled.	¦
44 All applications for leave of absen pursuant to these provisions must be made by the man himself at the Depot Battalion alter he reports for dutv. Such applications cannot and will i ot be considered either at the Headquarters of the Military District or at the Militia Headquarters at Ottawa. Correspond sent to these headquarters will only result in delay and confusion.
44 Every man applying for leave of absence must make a statutory declaration -m a prescribed form, which may be obtained at the Depot Battalion where officer will be especially detailed to deal with such applications.
Stop The Losses
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
Cl
%
Copenhagen I» used1 differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a am a HI pinch, for a atari, and piut it between the lower Up and gum, in the centre.
Afterward» you can increase the size of the pinch to suit strength erf the chew you dee ire.
Copenhagen is atrorw, because the tobacco erf which it Is made is cut into fine grains, which makes it impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.
Hence, a Uttfe ‘tp4nctT*
A Farmer often losses enough on a single sale of Cattle on the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to pay for a
Illiteracy Before the War.
It is dltlicult to make comparisons )t Illiteracy in France, England, Spain and Portugal, Austria-Hungary tod Scotland before the war, because ilfferent methods of taking the count ire used In the various countries. In
ente
the
Renfrew Truck Scale
non—
Major Maurice Scott, Fort
<lving the percentage of Illiteracy in | For the Townships of Allumette
Island, Waltham, Chichester and Sheen, including the villages therein—
Pat McMahon, Esq., Chapeau.
For the Townships of North Onslow, South Onslow and Aldfield including the villages therein VV. J. Boland, Esq., Quy
Information and instructions for the use of Assistant Deputy Regis-read and write, 1910); Portugal. 68.9 I trars of each division of registra-(population over ten years, 1911, based | tion w ill be issued as required, in
a few days ; and these Assistant Deputy Registrars the Deputy Registrars above-named townships for any information required.
The whole respectfully submit-
The only way to stop lor ses is to weigh everything you sell and everything you buy, and the handiest Scale for the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
---SCALE-------
Weighs anything and everything from 1 lb. to 2,000 Ilia
an
.	Pnea a
long way. showing that Copenhagen is not only an unusuaMy ooonomLcaJ chew, but aI*o one of the finest quality, being made of the best, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
the countries below, there Is indicated
in the parenthesis the basis on which the computation was made, notes an <nvestlgatorgg^^^^*E^P^^g
tion over eleven years, 1910) ; England and Wales, 1.8 (marriages. 19011910) ; France, 14.1 (population over ten years, 1906 or 4.1, marriages 19011910) ; Hungary, 33.3 (population over *lx year*, based on number unable to
PROVIDE FOR EXTENSIONS
“ Men whose cases come within the authority granted by the Governor in Council may be given up to thirty days leave of absence without pay by the officer commanding the Depot Battalion, and such longer leave as the case may require will be granted if the recmn-jTo Whom it may CODCem mendation is concurred in by the district officer commanding and at the
Militia Headquarters, or, in any case of I bageor dirt of any kind in doubt, if it is approved by the Central east end of Shawville. Parties living in Apis al Judge under the Military Ser- the vicinity have lodged complaints, so vice Act 1917.	I have decided to stop a continuation of
* The original leave may, in the event what has become a public nuisance, of delay in a decision being arrived at, All |*rties disregarding this notice be further extended by the district offi j will leave themselves liable to punish-
commanding by periods of ten | ment.	J. F. DALE.
Shawville, May 13, 1918
Austria, 18..7 (popula-
NOTICE
on
Cream Separators, Truck and Household Scales, Gasoline and Kerosene Engines, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws, Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Friction Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps, Pump Jackets, Hangers, Bearings, Wood Pulleys, Belting.
Two second-hand Separators at a bargain.
I hereby forbid anyone
dumping gar tli.- kiln pot,
on Inability to read) ; Scotland, 1.6 (marriage* 1901-1910) ; Spain. 58.7 (population over ten years). Except in the cases mentioned, the term Illiteracy Is used to mean all persona unable to write their own language.
apply
to
may
the
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent
ted,

D. R. BARRY, Registrar.
cer
days.”
06
70
###PAGE###5###
-





THE EQUITY,
Overcoming Camouflage.
An American pbyatdet boiler## that tho advantages of camouflage—or at oast certain kinds of camouflage—can I >e overcome by an opposing army by providing colored glasses or screens , contrasting colors to «so with fleld liasses. When the colors of these screens nr# properly selected,1"uniforms ind other objects may be made to appear In contrast. Instead of In bar nony with their surroundings, he tlalms. Camouflage as practiced In nany cases Is accomplished largely V the use of paint, objects being liven shades that blend with the land, »cape. In spite of certain difficulties | Hurt would arise, It is believed that rach efforts at concealment could he rendered quite ineffectual by tbs means stated.
FOR MEN
Keep in mind the Fact
This m the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Iroqware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
A Weekly tournai devoted to Loot Interests.

Shawtille, County Pontiac, Quo.
rtUJScnrPTio.v, $1 a Ykah in Advance
All arrears must be paid up before any p iper U discontinued.
RAIN COATS

Satisfactorily done

O

ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and IS cent s per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #1.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for rtrst insertion and 1 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.

Donegal Tweed Waterproof Coats, having an utter disregard for rain though very boastful regarding styles. Sleeves have culls. Some coats havi convertible collars. They are English Tweed special rainproof processed.
$14.00 each;
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
Q". Wm DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.


•>
I.

ELBA’S SUPPLY OF IRON ORE
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Mines Have Attached a New Import-enoe to the Island—Napeleon Wee Held Prisoner There.
The Island of Elba, celebrated as the place where Napoleon was Imprisoned In 1814, has since Italy’s entrance Into this war attracted much attention os the location of valuable Iron mines, writes a correspondent.
In view of the scarcity of Iron mines In Italy and the difficulty of transporting ore or pigs from the United States for use In the munition factories the mines of Elba have given a new Importance to the Island. Travelers on the Genoa Rome Express, which skirts the seashore of the mainland, permitting a view on a clear day of the blue island rising out of the water six miles listant, think rather of the tall foundry stacks In the foreground at Flora-blno than of the great soldier of other wars.
In the days before the war this express stopped at Camplglla to put off tourists for Plomhlno and Elba. T«> lay It stops to put off business men, skilled Iron workers, Italian soldiers
Md their Austrian prisoners Interned ________________________
in the Island. The side track at Cara-	¦	M6ntS ever placed before tile public
ITof thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending	*
arge quantity of iron freight brought purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order
)ver from Elba. Napoleon's name has ,	,	A .	A. .	,,
G most been forgotten on the island, so [ elsewhere. A othing too large—nothing too small.
)uey are the Inhabitants with war work. "How can I get to the Villa San Martino?” a visitor arriving on the itone wharf of the harbor inquired of i workman. The workman looked at the visitor blankly, when the visitor idded: “You know, the place where Napoleon used to live." The man shook ale head. "I’m a newcomer here. Nev-tfr heard of the place.”
CLASSY CAPS
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
All kind# of Job Printing neatly and ¦cheaply executed. Order» by mail promptly attended to.
Our collection of Cloth Caps offers you a wide range of all styles, shades and sizes 75c. to 1,75
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
JOHN A. COWAN, '
Publisher
Professional Cards.
WORKING MEN’S BOOTS
Custom Sawing1.
Extra value at $5.00. Men’s Tan Kip Leather Boots, plain toes and heavy pegged soles. Sizes 6 to 10.
DR. A. H. BEERS


SURGEON DENTIST
Campbell» Bay • • Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Mnatcr of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
'Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec

SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS




T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.


#
SCREEN DOORS

I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-

S. A. MACKAY
This is Screen Door Time, and incidentally the right time to prevent disease carrying insects from entering the house. They keep the flies outside and let the fresh air and sunshine in.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle.----Que.


a. j. McDonald b. c. l.


FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *c.
CAMPBELLS BAY. OLE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv

Window Screens and Screening.
:>
>s
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
G. F. HOGGINS GO. LTD.
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Yes 1 We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values.

¦Aivcicatc. Barrister, ac

2
196 Main St. - Hull.

t

¦PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
You should see our nice assortment of TIES
for 75 cents.
t
i
CANADA
m
»
MILITARY SERVICE ACT, 1917 üp't0'dateMen,sand Boys# Ready*
1	11 1	to»wear Suits.
Will be in Fort Uoulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
(
Devlin St. Marie & Dims
jpUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given that, by
the effect of the regulations of the Cover- Deputy Registrar under the Military Service Act of the
nor General Canada in Council of the 20th of April, 1918, and the Proclamation of 4th May, 1918, recently published, every male British subject resident in Canada, bom since the 13th of October, 1897, who has
The report must be addressed to the Registrar or
MURRAY BROS


ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
Registration District in which he resides (see below) and shall be sent by registered post, for which no Canada postage is required.
THE TAILORS
SHAWVILLE.
191 MAIN ST



Young men so reporting will not be placed on active service till further notice. They must, however, notify the appropriate Registrar or Deputy Registrar of any attained or shall attain the age of 19 years and change of residence or address.
who is unmarried or a widower without children

on or
MARKET FOR

GEORGE E. MOHENCY
>
PULP WOOD
i
On receipt of the report an identification card will be must, (unless he is within one of the classes of forwarded by the Registrar which will protect the bearer
persons mentioned in the schedule of Exccp- from arrest.
tions to the Military Service Act) report	WÊfÊM
hereinafter directed on or before the 1st day of great importance to those affected. Failure to report June, 1918, or within ten days after his 19th within the time limited will expose the delinquent to severe
-Mchava, d,« shall b. the	“
DOMINION & PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
Executed carefully to the eatlefac-
tlon or parties.
102 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
;
Punctual compliance with these requirements is of
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned for any quantity
as
Hull.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPW000
Such report must be in writing and must give his
ISSUED BY THE DEPARTMENT OP JUSTICE, name in full, the date of hie birth and his place of resi- MILITARY SERVICE BRANCH, this 15th day of May, dence and also his usual post office address.

GEORGE HYNES
1918.
#
men required to report should address their reports as follows:
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and C . N. R. Railways
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
PdrsonaUttention.Openallhours.
NOTE: The
' *

ONTARIO—To the Deputy Registrar under the Military Service Act, 1917, London, if they reside in the County of Essex, Kent, Lambton, Elgin, Middlesex,
Orford. Waterloo, Wellington, Perth. Huron, or Bruce.
To the Deputy Registrar under the Military Service Act, 1917, Quebec, if they reside in the County of Wolfe, Richmond, Compton, Beauce, Bellecbasse. Bona venture, Dorchester, Gaspé, K amour as ka, Lévis, LTslet, Champlain, Charlevoix. Chicoutimi. Mont a	the Registrar under the Military Service morency, Quebec, Portneuf, Saguenay, Lotbinière.
Act, 1917, Toronto, if they reside in the County of Montmagny, Matane, Mégantic, Rimouski and Lincoln, Welland, Haldimand, Norfolk, Brant, Témiscouata.
Wentworth. Haiton, Peel, York, Ontario, Grey,	To the Deputy Registrar under the Military Service
Duffenn, Stmcoe, or in the Districts of Muskoka. Act, 1917, Hull, if they reside in the County of Parry Sound, Algo ma and Ni pissing north of the	Timiskaming, Pontiac, Ottawa and La belle.
ZLta„7p,^,d.	(including the Town- NOVA SCOTIA-To the Registrar under the Military
gffasSSSk-*- «•	" - — - -
das. Glengarry, Renfrew, Russell, Stormont, Oren- PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND-To the Registrar under
........“	the Military Service Act, 1917, Charlottetown, if they
reside in the Province of Prince Edward Island.
BRITISH COLUMBIA—To the Registrar under the Military Service Act, 1917, Vancouver, if they reside in the Province of British Columbia. SASKATCHEWAN—To the Registrar under the Military Service Act, 1917, Regina, if they reside in the
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.

UNDERTAKING
CAUTION
»"d EMBALMING
Min fits.
Several Canadian prairie cities are uvolved in serious financial problems is an Inheritance from the boom lays of a few years ago. These municipalities are really the victims of that wholesale speculation in real estate which is never content to keep itself within rational bounds. Each îltisen becomes a self-constituted booster" of his town. A stranger entering it one year may find it a comparatively insignificant place, with a small and unpretentious town hall doing duty. In addition, as fire station and dance hall, and' providing office accommodation for professional citizens. A year later all may be changed. The "boom " has struck the town, and the effect is much like that of a tornado. The streets are torn up and the old flimsy house? torn down. But out of the r'gantic dump rise the concrete and steel wells of the new city ball and a palatial block of stores which would do credit to a Toronto or a Montreal. The whole effect la that of a misfit.
W. J. HAYES

To Automobile Drivers.

SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
In accordance with a resolution passed by the Municipal Council of Shawville on May 9th, instant, all drivers of motor vehicles are hereby notified that violation of the municipal by-law, which restricts the speed of such vehicles to twelve miles an hour within the corporation limits, will be looked after and the offenders prosecuted and fines imposed as prescribed by the said resolution. By order,
S. E. HODGINS,
Sec.-Treas.



J. L. HODGINS
ville. Lanark, Leeds. Prescott, or the District of Nipissing south of Mattawa river (exclusive of the Townships of Ferris and Bonfield.)
To the Registrar under the Military Service Act, 1917, Winnipeg, if they reside In the Districts of Kenora, Rainy River, or Thunder Bay.
QUEBEC—To the Registrar under the Military Service Act, 1917, Montreal, if they reside in the County of Jacques Cartier, Hocheiaga, Laval,
Boulanges, Napierviile, Beauhamois, C



AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machinée
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.

Vaudreuil, ALBERTA—To the Registrar under the Military Service Boulanges, Napierville, Beauhamois, Chateauguay, Act, 1917, Calgary, if they reside in the Province of Huntington, Laprairic, Argenteuil, Terrebonne, Two Alberta.
Mountains, Montcalm, L’Assomption, Joli et te, Ber- MANITOBA—To the Registrar under the Military thier, Maskinongé, St. Maurice, Three Rivers, St. Service Act, 1917, Winnipeg, if they reside in the Johns, Iberville, Misaisquoi, Brome, Shefford, Rou- Province of Manitoba.
ville, Chambly, Verchères, St. Hyacinthe, Bagot, YUKON To the Registrar under the Military Service Drummond, Richelieu, Yamaska, Nicolet, Art ha	Act, 1917, Dawson, if they reside in the Yukon
Territory.
Shawville, May 11, 1918.
For Service
Purebred (Registered) Shorthorn Durham Bull " Red Morning.” purchased from G. E. Morden & Sons. Oakville. Ont. Service fee—$5.00. Apply to
R H. ELLIOTT.
H H No. i Shawville,
OMPTLY SEGUR
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTORS ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
3S4 University SU Montréal.
###PAGE###6###
Runaway Julietta | top,
Cream Wanted
The flmaîleat House In London.
How small can a house be and still remain a house? If It is in a closely -built town, it must have a street number. and it must be Independent of it.	w """"	'
neighbors. A mere camp or play-1 our pries next week fifty-two cents house does n& count.
readers know of a smaller house in a | T<3 5 Star Canadian city than the one that is the smallest in London?
V
i
SWEET OR CHURNING CREAM
By Arthur Henry Gooden
I
CHAPTER III.—(Cant’d, t	| brought her to an astonished stand
"Yea. Curious, isn't it?’ ’He	, I
tied on, and quickly regained his con- • V'Ine .am,ss’ Everything in tide nee. “Sav, a fellow never knows	. PeL1^ *}• , typewriters
just how to take you, Miss Dare. I've •	clerks were gathered
been buying here for the past year, 111 a little knot, or lazy mg idly in their
and—well, of course we’ve seen a ' cha/re* One or two looked at Julietta Europe is short about 600,000,000 the spade and the hoe, and the work great deal of each other, haven’t we?”; br^ath^th SOM?elhinf 1h !ow their bushels of wheat The United States lnE Ports of the toots most frequently
you it's right here. Well, here I am, I “Good morning, Miss Dare. You’ve lung ago* I very bushel that we now mon mistake of the amateur gardener You know me, Al; you know how I surprised us.” llis voice was color-, Usv ls snatched direct'}’ from people is to place his sole faith in the com stand, you know my rating, you know loss.	who are infinitely more nee<iy than menial commodity. Wherever pott-
pretty much all about me, and since “What’s wrong?" Julietta deniand- we« This year we must substitute sible he should procure farmyard mu you’ll only see me here I’ll call the ed quickly.	vegetables for bread. We can do H. nure. This is used at the Experi-
bulT. I want you to do something for ‘ Mr Morrow will doubtless explain, Canada’s war gardens last year added mental Farm, Ottawa, with the best
Mr. Parkis barley repressed an ex- She found Paul Morrow seated in ®°ldiera arc making gardens be- is the fact that it is a war-time gar-ciamation.	| his créait y chair, one big hand lying ™ the linea. Why shouldn't we den and that the vegetables which
“No. Something personal
business man, and Pll be brief and to ed on the window unseeingly.	At or in the count!y
the point I want you to marry me, sight of Julietta in the doorway he duty Miss Dare—”	sprang to his feet	1
“I’m a business woman, so while I “ ’Pon my soul I
01 Parkis stare»! blankly.	\î^&dM	j	------... ...
“I said, marry me,” he repeated.	my wire from Mojave?”	? *	* j	^ tools needed in gardening. Nar-	them the major part of the garden. j In order to get our Justly high grade
The words and air brought a steely	“l_that is—” He colored m l she	row ***** 81x1 ^ea are best for small Every seed should be made to count	piano In each town, village or tomrn-
epark mto Jiihetta s Wue eyes	made haste to break in.	gardens. Have a place to keep your this year because seed is scarce, ship throughout Ontario, we shall
«ai	^ S U returne( coldly* “Oh. I know something has gone tool# and when you are through with Every plant in its place is as gold— offer one Instrument, and only one, In
Parkis hesitated rose and stared	wrong' What Is it, Uncle	Paul?	Why	them see that you put them away in	but every surplus plant is a weed. The	eaoh place, at factory prloe, aa far
down at her. A slow, dull red flood-1	^5* you ^tiVC t-ime t°	think	about	the proper place. Provide a soft rag	amateur gardener has a weakness for	as It can be done consistently, These
ed his face.	j m* : ...	, . ,	, and a box of soft grease like axle using more seed than is absolutely pianos aye made In Canada and have
“Huh! Been leading me on for my	•*. toh,n“..a , a?out you» he grease for rubbing over the blades of necessary.	been before the Canadian public for
trade, ch?”	.	________________ over twenty-flre year., and are .old
„ tta^tunii™	let£r/and rang for move her glovee° "she w^consciow	lew Wheat Bread.	| milk, 1 eg*, 1 ub!«*poonful melted <* » Haight guarantee,
the stenographer park» moved 0 a nasty, uncomfortable sensation. The patriotic duty of every Cana- I % cupfuls cooked cereal, pota toward the dwr	*	“What is it?” she demandé calmly, dian woman is to help save wheat, toes or rice, % cupful flour, \ tea- BOX 427
“Because you're old Marrow’s net,	,„ul conti act. Its not	This every on© can do if we will sub- spoonful salt, 4 teaspoonfuls baking . — —.t
huh!” he flung back over his shoulder. te1£a *____ ,, ,	stitute in whole or in oart such cereals powder. Beat the egg and add the |	^

Oe
Turvu»»
WGL
Hen manure that has been out in th# M ÜH I H|	wet has lost its strength. Not even
Be sure to have ironing tables of a land-plaster can save it. What Ht-
comfortable height.	| tie good we get from such a mixture
will come from the plaster. Very little goodness la left m the manure.
PLANT A WAR-TIME GARDEN
QUEEN’S
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllltllllllll
ti there was hset one
WALKER HOUSE tip* MU la each tows where
'aB4‘&a
"" — ——Proverbial /	ball of
Of which I have no doubt at But you hare off heard tell.
I mean thé one which people may Was located down In—well Î
It doesn't matter 'bout that snow ball,
Which could never lait,
What Interests yon and me is Having comforts to us passed ?adUmo^^hCS and JOT and
To me would flow,
If there was Just one WALKER HOUSE
In each town where I go.
The House of Plenty
The Walter House
Toronto
Geo. Wright & Co., Proprietors
UNIVERSITY
KINGSTON * ONTARIO
ARTS
MEDICINE EDUCATION APPLIED SCIENCE
Mining, Chemical, Civil, Mechanical and Electrical Engineering.
HOME STUDY
?rte Courte by correspondence.
with one yeer'e attendence or four summer sessions.
Summer School Nstrigelion School
December le April GEO. Y. CHOWN. Registrar
same.
—nothing!

f
\
:r
his creaky chair, one big hand lying	liiws.	Hi	J	I
I'm	a	listlessly on	the	desk,	his	eyes	fasten-	l*nti UP. too,	whether	we live in city	must receive primary	attention are
md to	ed	on Hit	window	nmuu>in«lv	Af	or in	It is our plain	those which are	going	to be genuine
substitutes for wheat. The logical The best workman must have good	substitute U the	potato. Therefore,
tools if he is	going to	make a success !	everyone should	grow	potatoes this
i- The «Twdn W trendon	They repay thamaelves over
( oune on giving
19
You!”
PIANOS! PIANOS!
For further Information apply to
TORONTO, ONT.
I I
- ,	.	t. B	t , wit. Pour hot milk over the rolled Pr,Perin* For Cennin* Sea',on- I
“	J'P*“	-«*« I»"' ,Add ». W.WW.	P-. in» !
behind the ate nog- pened, won’t you?”	beaten egg, molasses and molted iat force which are expected to effect an
umed again" to her He ’laughed in the old hearty way, Sift the dry ingredients and add to annual saving, in Canada’s sugar con-them with unsee- and Julietta began to feel that it was, the wet. Beat hard and bake in well- sumption, of about 100,000 tons.
PEERLESS POULTRY FENCE
i wroegb	Ih
ft Writer egwIiiH larf* mlntl* U well ai m*D pmllrj Top 9 **4 fcottea wfree Nw » lahnwl Ko. 11 wtre-toede
“Got him pretty strong on you—ain’t it true?
The door i
graph or entered, and was amazed to .
if^about	Julietta*set*the	v "^hat ^ 7?u m,ean>	1	nole	Paul?	2 cupfuls rolled oats, 1 egg, 2 table-	oughly and bake on a hot, well greas-
bottle down, her cheeks flushed.	i ou re not joking	spoonfuls molasses,	1 tablespoonful	; ™	griddle.
“Please have a sample case made “Girl, you’re a human wonder, ’pon melted fat, 1 cupful flour, 4 teaspoon-up for me immediately. It must be	my soul you are!	How	ever did	you	fu^ baking powder,	\ teaspoonful
ready by to-morrow, because I’m tak-	get that contract?;.salt. Pour hot milk	over the rolled
lng the Satsu Maru for Japan next ----------
Saturday.”
The door closed
rapher. Julietta turned again to her	_	„
letters, staling at them with unsee-' and Julietta began to feel that u was ing eyes. A	disturbing	incident was	nothing so terrible after all.	greased muffin tins one	half hour in a	These restrictions are absolutely nec-
Mr.	Parkis; a	cruel,	torturing	incid-	"Those Japs are the trickiest little	moderate	own. This	makes about	cssary if we are to have the sugar
ent—but only an incident, after all. beggars on earth.” he made answer. one dozen muffins.	, with which to conserve our fruit crop
2?ac52 sur* *•	—
from them wild theories, might un- “Yes.” Julietta took a paper from , , ’ , f *	, ,	. sp0° , *.	.	u	.__,	,
consciously allow the seed to bear un- her bag. "Here it is.”	I ^ #oda, V» teaspoonful baking pow- ships to carry it are required else-
¦| 1	Morrow disregarded it.	d«r, 1 teaspoonful salt, 1 egg, 2 tea- where. We have been using far more
“Well, they slipped the word to	the	«Poonfuis	melted fat.	Mix together	sugar than we need and, while the reshoe combine that we were to get	the soda,	baking powder, corn meal	strictions have been imposed primar-
Yet— contract—understand ? Before it was and salt. Beat the egg and add Jo ily in order to prepare for the require-	,.	„ ,	. signed, before I knew about it. Of the sour milk. Then add the wet ments of the preserving season, a cur-
?;lhe nasty thing, she	course, the minute I got your cable I materials to the dry. Heat a frying tarlment of gugar consumption will in-
5Tsr-tttisa.’S::
upon memory’s screen Clay Thorpe “Eh?” She frowned her brain ter’ in a hot oven and bake twenty same time, will help to reduce our ex-and his half-shy, half-defiant déclara- shrinking from the realization. “You • minutes-	penditure abroad, thus astristing in
tion of long ago: “—and then I'll mean—*»	j Cereal Griddle Cakes. 1 cupful financing our participation in the war.
marry you ’	| “The trust was tipped off in ad-
.7u 1 letta sat for a moment tense, Vance. The contract was signed. The
trust controls the tanneries—and we cannot get enough leather to fill that contract.”
Julietta's cheeks whitened.
Send it to Parker’s
OU will be astonished at the results we get by our modem system of dyeing and cleaning. Fabrics that are shabby, dirty or spotted are made like We can restore the most delicate articles.
Y
new
There is sugar in Cuba but the
Send one article or a parcel of goods by post or We will pay carriage one way, and our are most reasonable.
express.
charges
happy fruit, but not so Julietta Dare. Resolutely she would sweep from her mind all thoughts of that petty man—!
When you think of
CLEANING AND DYEING
think of PARKER’S
Let us mail you our booklet of household helps we can render.
PARKER'S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
CLEANERS AND DYERS 791 Yonge Street
forget his words absolutely
1
j6T
»
9


Poppies are difficult to transplant Sow the seed where the plants are to flower.
Shepherd's Pie
resentful, wistful, then, with an im patient, half-angry shrug, she turned her attention to tne day's work
Toronto
;
Brown an onion, sliced, in two
i
tablespoons butter substitute, add two tablespoons flour, and cook until
Morrow would meet them in San “Poor little girl!" Morrow leaned at hand; after boilü,g a few minutes Francisco upon their disembarkation, forward suddenly and patted her add three cups meat cut in very small ~~ *	• w rx « _ v-3 — i—a “You may know our kind, pieces. When tender turn in a bak-
dish, and	with mashed
Brush over the potatoes with yolk of an egg diluted with a ; little milk-—brown in oven. Serve at
CHAPTER IV



%
Both she and Mrs. Drake had ex- hand. | ¦¦ J	IHH
pected to spend a few days shopping Julietta, but you don't know Japs, in the Golden Gate city, but when no	thought	of that when	the trap pinch-	potatoes
Morrow showed up and no word from	ed, and	I cabled the	baron at once.	*%h	vo]
him took his place, they boarded the Here's his reply.” night train for Los Angeles.	1 He took a cablegram from the desk,
A great urge drove Julietta—an	Julietta	held it to the	light, saw that
urge to be at her desk in the old brick	it was signed by the	baron, and ad-
building in San Pedro Street, to hear dressed to Paul. Its message was Morrow's jovial “ 'Pon my soul!” brutally curt: again, to get back to the business which she loved.
That had been a gorgeous moment “You see,” went on Morrow, a when she had stepped into the cable world of sympathy in his voice as he


1
in
once
•i*
!/*
%
È
i
Unable cancel contract or extend Must be filled.
time


A New Dress For
Your Home
V
office at Toklo to send Paul the news Julietta's lips tighten, “it was a of triumph; second to it was her g]^ game from the very start. They anticipation of the moment when she never wanted tfie shoes, but this baron saw him again and “ear<1,	fellow was in cahoots with our trust,
granulations. She had	t|'e	If I had received the contract to sign
Trufit Shoe	to ^€lIV>r <me I would naturally have arranged for
million pans of shoes, and it was ^ leather first. I should have done
"«think you'd
SllBu7why had there been no word '	* “H
A 4ightN^kW3eUined. their train	8pre*d hie handa re“
any reply £»•.	before a taxi-	with honor.’’
wept as she had not done In years, while he clumsily attempted to comfort her and quell her tears.
I “Oh!” she cried out sharply, bitterly. “Swear at me—don't be kind. | don't! Say something! 8we*rl, Tell me what an ungrateful, silly little fool I am—I've ruined you—” Morrow placed his hands on her slim shoulders and looked into her

Cover the scare of wear and tear on walls and floors
and furniture.	',	___
A wall re-tinted—a floor varnished—a hall painted—a chair or dining room set re-stained—the whole house made fresh and bright, spic and span. There are
3>
from
kxasu* U
i
92
SPIC AND SPAN
FINISHES
Bob Lodg
UNfON MADE
,yt
OVERALLS
SHIRTS & GLOVES
for every surface—for everything you want to "do overnè
"NEU-TONE"—the washable sanitary, soft tone Wall Finish, in pleasing tints.
"WOOD-LAC99 Stains make soft wood look like expensive Mahogany, Walnut, etc. _ “MARBLE-ITE” Floor Varnish-for hardwood floors. Won’t mar or turn white.
"LIQUID WAX99—(or floors. Easily applied, Driel herd, Shines easily.	>
"SENOUR9S FLOOR PAINT99—the hard-drying
paint for the floor thatwears,and wears, and wears*
"VARNOLEUM99 brightens up and protects 08 Cloth and Linoieum.
These Finishes here proved their worth end weer end economy 1 n e free! . We hero handled them lor years and eân guarantee results*
FRUIT JAR LABELS FRBB-ihsndy book of them-printed In eoleri ed, given ewny. Write (or them.	104
'
f ft is
I finefor
cleaning
CanS '

• t
t
I

i

HÙuZIk
j
eyes

“You've not ruined me, dear Julietta,” he said, his voice deep and soft. “We'll hang together, my dear, and you cant ruin me so long as your eyes hold the old love for your Uncle Paul. And now tell me—do you want to go back to the San Joaquin and see your real folks, and Clay Thorpe?"
“Never!” cried Julietta vibrantly. “I'll stay with you, Uncle Paul, and some day I'll make up to you for this —this awful thing—”
Morrow laughed, and cursed the leather trust with a more cheerful heart.
&
r «ni Up. <o A thtNÜk*

many ho
(pffifbrt

MARTI N-SENOUR
12 75 lo.i eae S3 25
mJ
LHUTCD
g MONTREAL)
GREENSHIELDS AVENUE,
E.T. WRIGHT CO.
LMs.ree
^ HAMILTON A
Sits

(To be continued.)
1


###PAGE###7###
X
m
lllllllllllllllllllilllllllllllHIIIIIIHIIIIIIIillllllllllllllllllllllllllHllllllllllllllllllllllllllli!l!l(llllllilllllll!lllllllllllllil!illiilllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllll!llllllllü=
nd
W"
•7*1
# •
By Agronomist
This Department le fer the wee of our ferm readers who went the V **pert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your queeti • *of sufficient general Interest It will be answered through this column, •tamped end addressed envelope le enclosed with your letter, a comp1*
• newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist care of Wilson Pubi»»h ¦ Go.. Ltd.. 7S Adelaide it W., Toronto.

m

L/W.
'

•- .
¦** >.4 V


» f K
r

THE LURE OF A KITCHEN GARDEN.
- s- »

In the meantime we had set 48 pot-grown tomato plants, each plant with a piece of paper wrapped around and extending from just beneath the soil to about two inches above, as a protection against cut-worm s. red-pepper plants—more than we needed—had been started. By the time the first tomatoes were ripe, the garden Is made up of beans, tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers, and perhaps some late beets. Again the garden seems full so that a visitor viewing it for the first time would conclude that we had grown no early garden.
By the time the bunch beans are gone, the taller varieties grown around the edge of the garden and allowed to trail on the woven wire fence are ready for use, and continue throughout practically the entire sea-Bcans and tomatoes make up
For four seasons we have had a garden plot only 20 x 25 feet. On this small tract of ground we have grown all the vegeables, except potatoes and sweet com, needed for our family of three persons. Furthermore, the surplus garden products given away wtuld, if sold, have more than paid for all the roasting ears and potatoes that we bought. The results we have obtained with our small garden can be greatly increased where more garden space Is available and there is the spare help to take care of it.
Last year in this little backyard garden we grew lettuce, radishes, onions, peas, beets, bunch and stick beans, tomatoes, cucumbers, red peppers, and celery.
Peas, to be at their beet, should be gathered while still small and tender.
Furthermore, the chemical changes that take place in this vegetable are more marked and more rapid than in almost any other. There is all the difference in sweetness and in flavor between peas that have been off the vine from twenty-four to forty-eight hours when compared with those gathered in the forenoon and served at
the midday meal. So we eay that whi]e we ^ Rowing all vege-for one who really cares for peas the uMe# for which we find room, toma-best way to have them is to grow afford us our greatest pleasure
, and largest profits.
um
¦Misai
ing-fork tines would allow. In the Jure the v,nes-
soft, mellow, humus-filled soil spading 1 In the autumn after having spread
to this depth is a comparatively easy 30 wheel-barrow loads of well-rotted
task. Beginning with good soil and stable manure over the surface, the
deep tillage, the conservation of mois- entire garden patch was spaded good
ture, even in a dry season, la not dif- and deep.	—
flcult	'	This fall clean-up and spading of
After each rainfall, and as soon as the soil of the entire garden are of the ground was dry enough to be much importance for several reasons, worked, it was stirred so as to pro- j The turning over and mixing of the vent the formation of any crust and » soil and manure allows the rain and to provide instead a thorough dust melting snow to fill the subsoil with mulch. A slight sprinkling of the moisture, the plant food in the ma-garden every few days induces a nure is less likely to be lost by wash-shallow root growth, and more harm ing and leaching, and the insect pests than good is done. We practice level that have hibernated in the leaves, | m planting exclusively, making no hills rubbish, and top soil are in great or ridges. With this method and in measure destroyed. Last, but not rich soil, rows may be only half the least, the lower soil stratum turned ordinary distance apart.	up better receives the frost action,
In planting the earliest vegetables and in consequence is in condition to we always plan to let later growths be much more easily brought into come in between. For this reason, good tilth in the spring.	| f)r Currier will answer &2! signed letters pertaining to Health. If you?
to one unacquainted with our plan, it When the garden soil is handled as question is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; would *eem that when the early let- fthave described, we find no advantage If not. It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is en-
rSîtf» sfe Soft	ss£S"* ass sasRusrsr.-ass
planted and that there is no room for less the spring is so dry as to en-anything else. A little later, though, danger the moisture supply by evapor-rows of other vegetables are seeded ation.
right in between these, Just as if they weather prevail before planting time, were not there.	spading and a surface mulch check
By this time, it must be acknow- the escape of moisture, lodged, tilings are pretty badly crowd- nothing is gained by trying to hurry ed. In our little garden we have had plants into the ground before condi-20 rows of vegetables all at once, tions are favorable for their growth, with double plantings, such as toma- From our little garden we have | and toes, set in the radish rows. Neces- averaged annually $50 worth of vege-sarily, this condition made even hoe- taW
ing difficult, so that most of the work vegetables of a quality such as we of cultivating, for the time being, was could not have bought on the mar-done by using a hand weeder and ket. Best of all, we have added to spading fork. Soon, though, the rows our health and happiness while doing of radishes, early peas, lettuce and I our bit in food production and con-onions—ten in all—were removed. | servetion.

me



n <4
A dozen
Why you should look for this Trade-mark on your Shoes
A TRADE-MARK is a manufacturers’ signature. If a firm makes an article they are prepared to stand behind—they stamp it with R their trade-mark. It is put on their goods so you may identify them. . It stands to reason, therefore, that it is safer for the public to always buy "known” and “trade-marked” shoes father than “anonymous” shoes.
son.
the most of the late summer garden, but before cold weather head lettuce and celery are growing between the
rows of tom a t o os. I|||||||||||||||||||||I!||||I||||||||||||||||||||||||
experienced gardener knows, heads best in cool weather only, the growth here being made principally in September.
Celery, as every
We make such a large proportion of the boots and shoes that the Canadian people wear that you are probably wearing A. H. M. shoes now. However, the next time you buy shoes, to make sure, look for this trade-mark on the sole.
We make many grades and styles of footwear, but no matter what price you pay for them you will find them excellent value for the money. You will find it profitable and satisfactory in future to always make this trademark your guide in buying footwear for yourself and your fantily.
[ Each working day of the year, the A. H. M. trade-mark is stamped on the soles of thousands of pairs of shoes for men, women and children, because wc want you to know our shoes when you sec them—because we are making a sincere effort to produce good values in footwear—because we believe you will find our shoes satisfactory—and buy them again and again.
Ames Holden McCready are Canada’s largest makers of shoes. A.H.M .footwear is sold by thousands of dealers in every part of Canada—and by the leading merchants in almost every town.
AMES HOLDEN McCREADY
“Shoemakers to the Nation"

VANCOWt*
EDMONTON
TORONTO
WINNIPEG
ST. JOHN
MONTREAL




¦L,-—


f





G
AW
if
t
a
i
m

6

W-'
t
r

m
rmramt
FACTO»
T',
MONTRÉAL
FACTORY
Hu

*s*>
38

GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
overtaxed by those who eat and drink tive operation can sometimes be sue* to excess.
cessfully done.
Many cases, however, are much re*

It is not unusual for guzzlers of beer, wine, whiskey, gin, etc., to drink Heved by a properly adjusted belt, several quarts at a sitting, and for and this should be tried in preference those who are intemperate in eating, ; t° an operation, when possible, to eat far more than the proper capacity of the stomach.
By Andrew F. Currier, M.D.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
J. K.—Am weak and not able to do my housework well. Get very short of breath and my heart beats rapidly. I feel better when I can lie down and take a rest. Please tell me what is wrong with me.
Answer—My opinion would be that
bigger
The kidneys and intestines do their best to relieve such sinners, but all these organs are sooner or later in-Though so loosely held, it is in volved in the penalties of over-eating, motion most of the time, particul and drinking.
larly when food is churned about in it, Continued abuse of the stomach and undergoing digestion.	must ultimately result in persistent,	.
The tissues of the stomach and its dilatation, the organ loses its natural f00"* tryin* to carry a ligaments stretch easily and, lacking	constant fermentation and gas load y°u ere •“«	“"7-
the resiliency of an elastic tissue, they form8tion balloon it into a great bag, yo“could ^t a rest for a few weeks, do not return to their normal bound- and % encroaches upon neighboring having somebody do your work for
ariee after a certain number of OTgan3 and causes unlimited discom- you-	pky and sleep for a
fort	time, I think you will get a new start
From dilatation to relaxation of the 1 ^'li ‘ < M ' “r you iVH
able to do this.
Falling Of The Stomach.
I have been asked to write an article on gastroptoa», or falling of the stomach—what it means, and what are some of Its symptoms.
The stomach is very movable, being in the upper part of the abdominal cavity, extending from right to left held in place by food tube or gullet, and by loose bands or ligaments attached to the dim-phragm, to the liver on the right, and holds one to three pints, and you can
imagine how much it is distended a-J
But should continued drying
In any case,
If
the
stretchings.
The stomach of a full grown adult
Furthermore, we have had
loose supporting bands of the stomach, is but a step.
When the bands begin to give way, there is nothing to bring them back to their normal state.
The more they are pulled, the more they stretch, and the 1 become to sustain the over-distended and over-weighted stomach.
Then the latter drops, sometimes horizontally and sometimes bow or stern, first the intestines can offer little resistance, and in time the stomach distends and drops until it reaches the pelvis.
Others who suffer with falling of the stomach are the people of lax fibre, who have little strength to begin with, and who have been overpowered by hard work or improper food.
Included in thie group, are hardworking women burdened with the care of families among the poor and neglected.
Only recently has this condition been accurately recognized, only recently have the stomach and its disorders formed a group of di careful investigation.
The X-ray, and abd h *] surgery. .
have illuminated the subject, and	. S0 ** to dsmpen bren
I ¦ thoroughly.
the spleen on the left.
«Î»
Destroy The Cutworms.
Early though the season is, the insect world is already “on the job." Cutworms destroy thousands of dollars’ worth of vegetable crops every years. Gardeners must aid in the campaign to save the crops by destroying these peste. Watch for their appearance as they are already at work. They cut through the stems of the youna beeps and tomato plant* at the ground line during the night and leave the young plant the ground. Investigation in the looee moil will generally discover thf miscreant a few inches away, half an Inch pr so Wow the surface,
Sin be fcuinmarily squashed, can be killed wholesale by scattering along the rows poisoned bait made as follows: Bran, 20 lbs., cheap molasses, 1 quart; Parie green or white arsenic, half a pound; water from 2 to 2% gallons. Mix the bran and Paris green (or white arsenic) thoroughly in a wash tub while dry. Dissolve the molasses in the water end wet the bran and poison with the same, stir-
FUNNY
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED UNES
able they
balance of bird life has been upset; that’s one of the reasons why the farmers of the great potato hearing countries are compelled to pay millions for materials to kill potato-bugs. Quail, rose-breasted grosbeaks and other species consider potato-bugs the greatest delicacy, but we haven’t enough of these birds to do the work.
What arc the worst enemies of birds? Man, cats, English sparrows, red squirrels, continued rains and late eold weather ih spring, floods, ice storms, rats, snakes, Cooper’s pigeon, marsh and sharp-shinned hawks;
I and in some places blue jays, crows,
* î W * and cowbirds.
How can cats be prevented from getting birds? Get rid of the cats, or use tin funnel-shaped guards around trees and polee; also by planting • Dorothy Perkins rosebush around trees which contain nests.
What birds walk instead of hop? Blackbird, crow, meadow-lark, cow-bird and ovenbird.
Should bird-houses 'be cleaned in the spring? The largest manufacturer of bird-houses and a sincere lover of birds says, “No," and we agree with him. Leave the houses alone.
Have a Bird Sanctuary.
It is patriotic to save the birds.
Insects destroy
fi
Birds eat insects, about $1,800,000,000 worth of grain, fruit, vegetables, and trees every year. Now the birds can save all that money but they can help to save a big portion of IL In the g rent scheme of nature, birds were created to keep the insects in check. They can do it and do It well But much mismanagement, lack of foresight and many other reasons, we have wiped out nearly ninety per cent, of our bird life. Now, it’s up to us to use all means possible to bring back the right balance of bird life. When you destroy the balance of anything, something happens. The
FOtO
dying on
i
fois rcireiapJ
muscular
%
when he They

4
for
» *

POULTRY, I
1Û0B and FEATHERS I
WANTED
Highest Prises Paid
though we are far from getting ideal results in the treatment of many stomach diseases, we have certainly made	",r ,ime Look Bask
great gains and will gain much more. • An excellent war-time cook book;
Some of the symptoms of falling of has beer issued by the Women's In the stomach are general discomfort, at i tut es of Ontario and copies may he want of ambition for ordinary duties, secured by writing to the Ontario De constipation and poor nutrition.	périment of Agriculture for Circular^
The treatment may be medical, sur- No. 11. Various ways and means oÇ or instrumental.	saving and su hat its ting are suggest
If the abdomen is opened, a répara- ed.	¦
*
P. POULIN A CO.
SMOKt. TUCIiCTl
ORINOCO
I
? net them W» together. The product well. It's an
So
g< * mad when an idea strikes Ik may be the mating of you.
Why
CUJ COATT5E roir
-TOO?

2323484848534853484848485353234848482353534823489048532348485353234848535323485353234848535323234802484853482348534853482348
151
###PAGE###8###
...il I !)»tr r
In Memoriam.
In loving memory of our dear father, Mr. ,1 amt-8 Hodgins, who died May Mth, 1V17.
Although one year has now gone by Since that great Sorrow fell,
Yet in our hearts we mourn the loss Of one we loved mo well.
God called him home, it was His will
Hut in our hearts he liveth still ;
in memory he as dear today As in the hour he passed away.
— Mother and Family.
4
The ShawYille Boot anil Stioe Store
ales •
r
ri rtc
;S:F8.
ctrTRVr

r mu»
S—• b cci
y
s
IrF-nmiMm
rn
When Leather Is Scarce
I
CT!
e
s
It
In Momoriam
In loving memory of our dear mother, Mrs. John Smart, who passed away May 25th, 1017.
Oft we think «>t you, dear mother. And our hearts are sad with pain ; Oh, this earth would be a heaven Could we but hear your voice again. One year has passed since you left us, How we mise your loving face Hut you left us to remember None on earth could till your place.
— Husband and family.
Card ot Thanks.
Mrs. Draper and family wish to thank their many friends and neighbors for their kindness in their sad bereavement* and also the Zion congregation for their kind remembrance.
and prices are advancing our advice is buy
ïë
V
Canvas Footwear.
O
O

¦v
We have the best stock of
8
>
'
-<v
TENNIS GOODS and RUBBER SOLED CANVAS
FOOTWEAR
Complete Service to Ford
Owners Everywhere
we have ever had, and prices are very reason able considering the high prices of Cotton.
TEACHERS WANTED
OURTEOUS attention to your needs wherever you may travel is something you appreciate, and being a Ford owner you can get it You are always ‘ ‘among mends”.
There are more than 700 Ford Dealer Service Stations throughout Canada. These are always within easy reach of Ford owners {—for gasoline, oil, tires, repairs, accessories, expert advice or
motor adjustments.
The cost of Ford Service is as remarkably low as the cost of the car itself. Nineteen of the most called for parts cost only $5.40. Just compare this with the cost of spare parts for other cars and you will realize the advantage of owning a Ford.
C
Two Protestant qualified Teachers wanted for Non. I and 2 Schools of the Municipality of Ste. Elizabeth de Frank -town. Applicants to state grade of diploma, experience and salary expected. School term—Septvmlier 2, 1918,. to June 30, 1919
Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.
LA WHENCE E. SMITH,
Sev.-Trea*., Campbells Bay, Que
TEACHERS WANTED
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Two qualified Protestant Teachers for Schools No. 1 and 3 Township of Leslie. Apply stating experience and salary expected.
THOMAS y r AILE,
Secretary Treasurer,
Otter Like, Que
Amateurs don’t lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures can be made to send
t • the beys at the front finishing a specialty.
Local and District.
596 675 770 970 536
THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-ton Truck $750
F. O. B. FORD, ONT.
Dealers
Touring - -Runabout • Coupe
Sedan’¦ ¦ -Chassis • -
Memorial Cards.—A nexv 'took
of very neat ones at this office— several designs.
Amateur
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
H. IM IKON,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies
Fall Exhibition Sure to be Held
There is absolutely no likelihood Lieut.-Col Adolphe Ilaneereau find that the Ventral Canada Kxhibi-1 Lieut. hraiitis Maokay, who was tion will be cancel led this yen r, wounded in the battle ol t our............. The question of eelette. having received as many
the transfer of the troops from ,ls torty-ttvo pieces ot shell m his LansdownePark to Hocknffe bus wdy* been between officers at Lans-
I have just received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.
that the Central Canada Kxhibi- Lieut, b ranci tion will be cancelled this year directors state
Shawville.
Shawville Motor Go.
been between officers at La ns- Major Mackay was the guest¦ ot | J. L HOI >01 NS downe Park and the higher mill- Lem) Heady, head ot the **C lan tary authorities, not between the Maokay during his visit to Scot city or the exhibition association, h**ul. it is stated.
It has been the practice since the
f the war for the
Shawville
CANADIAN
Sealed Tenders
. .	.	Tenders for the building of the Camp-
^	I l>ells Bay Milling Co. Ltd. (new building
RAILWAY CO I at Campbell» Bay) win be rectived up to
Plans can be seen at the office of A. McLean, manager. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
A. MrLEAN. Manager.
Campbell.* Bay.
Red Cross Notes.
The Elmside H. M. Club report the following Red Cross members :
Mesdames W. D. CampMl, James
When you require Printing
call at .
commencement o
troops training in Ottawa to go to the Rockliffe camp for summer training, that camp being equipped for the ptirjiose. The 77th and 2(>7th Battalions trained there, and the camp has been considered satisfactory, it is pointed out.
As in other years, the military social, authorities intend to use the camp t iis year, it is said, but objections name of Mrs. J. C Jamieson, who wai have been raised by officers oe- the first member obtained from the copying buildings at Lansdowne Park who prefer to stay there.
holding of the exhibition,
CHANGE IN
train schedules
the equity office
tion of #25.50 from Mis» Hankins box
EFFECTIVE
In our former reports we omitted the
Sunday, June 2,1918
The Tkuttixu Stallion
For particulars apply ticket agents. | QIRECTUM’S POSTER
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
El inside district.
Mr. David Thompson, from the Zion
A. Hour,ins.
The
directors of the Exhibition Association point out, has never interfered with military work. The troops may have the use of the park and the buildings for all but a few weeks, but the military authorities have preferred IlocklifTe for summer training. It is pointed out that last year, through agitation ¦¦the part of some military
officers, the Eastern Ontario Live. .	,	. .	.	, ,	¦.
Stock Show was cancelled to let is to be hu|«d that the who,e sum-und-
the troops have Howivk Hall, and, mg countiy - Bristol, Austin, Zion,
at the time the show was to have Starks Corners, Had lord, larm, ett
been held the building wasn’t oc- will join with us in this effort.
on pied by troops.	The Subjects for the first Sabbath
The directors point out that they Morning — Divine Dynamics — 10.30
providing for a larger exhibt* Afternoon ts >ut Fishing 2.30,
Evening—Christ » Conception
H. M. Club
Will be at the
Russell House Stables
during the present season for anyone desiring his
services.
Terms : $10 for season ; $15 to insure.
N. R. BROWNLEE,
RUSSELL HOUSE, SHAWVILLE
INSURANCE
Union Evangelistic Services
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
Evangelist Dr. Russell will conduct a Union Evangelistic Campaign in the Methodist and Presbyterian Churches, Shawville, beginning on Sabbath, June 9th, and will last for about three weeks.
All Christians arc cordially requested to interest themselves in this effort. It
AT THE LOWEST RATES L\ THE OLDEST AND REST
Oil
COMPAN IBS.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call or write for Rates and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE ACENT,
QUEBEC
BRECK EN RIDGE

are
tion than ever
p. m
of the Church—7.30, p. m.
Earnest, lively Gnsj>el singing will be one ot the features of the services.
The following item is from the Dr Russell is a graduate ot Mc(.iU Montreal Standard on May 18th < Diversity, Montreal¦¦¦¦¦¦ Word has just been received that w.res in the work of God ; thoroughly Cant. Agret A. Mack,.y has attain- evangelistic in his preaching and method VL nikioritv	of work. His work has been largely m
Major Mackay is the son of S. the cities, yet we feel he will be equally A Mackay, N. P., B. C. L., and successful in a smaller town like our great grandson of Lt.-Col. Stephen own. He is a graat evangelist, drawing Mackay—one of the heroes of Cha- crowded houses, and winning hundreds
conies from a go< stock and served in the capacity beginning all the people should avail as regimental surgeon with the themselves of the privilege of the meet-42nd Highlanders. As a sports- [ng*, for the time is short and the op-man he won the medal tor light- ^tunities are great. There never was weight amateur boxing, and is a time in the history of the world when also one of the champion a\\ 1 miners ^ere WM so much trouble Men and of Canada. During hi" last > cai women everywhere arc seeking the com-
mevident of the Quebec division in this community. It may seem a of the Canadian Amateur Swim- wrong tune of year tor mch meetings ming Association. Dr. Mackay is hut owing to the likelihood ot a mcl a member of the “Alpha Kappa shortage, ae the prospects at the present Kappa" fraternity. After graduat- time would indicate, it would seem im ing from McGill he spend two possible to hold any extra meeting* du years in the Royal Victoria Hospi- ring the fail and winter months in any tal as a junior under the noted of the churches. We are urging all the physicians—Drs. Armstrong and people to take advantage of the service* Martin.	... at this time. We look upoa this as an
Dr. Mackay has a young brother opportune time just before the busy hay Private Karl I. Mackay, who on- anj harvest season comes so, and we listed at 17 years ot age an< has ^ that the farming community will
g-KSjFJSBtessEjgiSs
o/rilstlvieVrving .'The iTnW ^n«t wLÎX'*&£ amongst them being two cousin*, |
la now Major Mackay
We set out some ten days ago with an object m view to do a certain amount of business in.
one of the live
MASSEY-HARRIS
Our 7-Day Sale
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
We also set out to make last Saturday our biggest day’s business since our advent in Shawville.
voting officer to the service of Christ Ml old fighting We are anxious that right at the very
Did we do It ?
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us.
Well we should say we did and more. Thanks to our many old and new customers.
In future when we want money we know we can get it from YOU by giving such values as we gave you last week, and we won’t have to get down on our knees and beg our creditors for extensions of time, etc.
We thank you once again. Watch our advertisements, it will pay you.	*	/
R. J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
ARCHIE DOVER
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
Com
