###PAGE###1###

o
No. 37, 30th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., TIIUliSDAY, MARCH 7,
1018
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
Tfje Merchants Banlt of Caqada
«5îf5?
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1 h7 I
ifi
EsUUleked !Hb4
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
I
OFFICERS :
PRESIDENT . ., Sin II. Moxtaop Allan, V. V. O VICE-PH ESI DENT . .. K. W. Blackwkll. MANAGING DIHECTOR .. K. F. llKBUEir.
GEN. MANAGER ..	.. D. C. MA.Aitow
-	4,750,000
I
Tea Mark et :
04 Branches In Canada
Paid up Capital
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets ..
HOARD OF DIRECTORS
*7,000,000 . 7,421,202 121,130,558
230 Branches and Agencies In Canada-WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
# e
Hon. George Bryson, President Bussell Blackburn,
Sir George Burn,
Sfr Henry K. Egnu,
Hon .George Gordon.
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic,
W. Dutbie .	-
•John B. Fraser. Vice President. Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O’Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Parley,
15. C. Whitney.
A**t. General Manager :
H, V.Cann.
• Chief Iu*ptctor.
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued.
Interest added half yearly to Savings Balances.
Owill" to transportation difficulties, as a result of the war, it costs 20c. to carry a pound often from the country of production to the Canadian markets, this with other extra costs has caused prices to advance to what seems very high figures when compared with prices ruling say two years ago.
However, even at 50 or 00 cents, tea is the cheapest drink in the market, except pure water. A pound of good tea makes from 150 to 200
We have now in stock a new line of Japan (commonly called Green) at 45c., and one of Black at 00c , both of which we strongly recommend. Try
# e
tor tbe convenience of our customers it has been decided
to keep on hand cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 cheques, on which the 2c. war stamp has been attached. The becks may be had by simply paying the price of the stamps so affixed.
Branches at Sbawville and Quyon
Manager, Shawville Manager. Quyon.
cups
Memorial Cariw.— A new stock of very neat ones at this office-several designs.
It won’t be difficult to recollect how March came in this year. Of course outside of the banana belt of the Dominion it may have been different.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
w. F. DRUM A. A, REID
H. ÎMIXON, Artist in Portraiture
some
UENRY’S SHORTHAND “Canadas Best”
11 SCHOOL
Hockey|
Klmside vs. Shaw ville Shawvillti Rink Thtirs-
• is current that Cm mm Mnlpk f day night, March 7 likely to have another lUII J Kveryixni
The rumor bells Bay is I
Rank, shortly, the Merchants Bank l>eople, having, it is said, secured it» hie premises in that town for the purpose.
y come
COWLING
J. H. SHAW.
Ottawa, Ont.
It is announced that District
, ,...,8“™"--=ISSSSB—
*	-	I Councillor Geo. Dale entertained !lant rTPewriting, Penmanship, Spell
•n~«~ to T.O.OC. N. i S' s»z rSTaSUS* e I	""
Weacknwledge with thanks the after the meeting Monday even following donation to the Soldiers*] ing Overseas Tobacco Fund J. H. Kilgour, Sbawville, $1.00
sn
OTTAWA, ONT. —
H is proved itself to be Canada's Best Business, Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in
Canada on the Civil Service Examin allons of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl ings Advocate.
W. e.Gowmnv;, H.G.W, Urm„ wait
Principal
m
Got
not
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
I>. E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
President
The El inside Homemakers* Club will meet at the home of Mr*. Win. Graham on Wednesday, Mar. 13th at two o’clock p. in. Prog Life of St. Patrick -Mrs. F.
Most things can he anybodys gift— your portrait is distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment to-day.
H. IlllHON, Artist in Portraiture.
EXPERIENCE
For Halifax Blind.
The folio win g donations have lieen received towards the above fund to date.
Previously acknowledged $5.00 J. B. Kilgour, Shaw ville,	1.00
Miss L. Stephens Helen and Isabel Pods, Maryland,
ram
Harris. Roll call—Pat and Mike story,
vs
EXPERIMENT
e®SSS5HHÇpBr ggSS
«-s'
which position she has faithfully 1. , f nnf	"1 Jem2ln ter of Mr. and Mrs. Win. J. I for
occupied for a number of years, j. \ { { 1 x,ie t,ie ,uzl|k so fa Huer, of Elm va le Farm, Charter!*,
A very pleasant evening was suent	Que., on Monday evening, Feby
together, after which, the follow-	--- 18th, to Mr. Herbert Harradence,
ing was read by the Pastor, Rev. I	Hatch Early.	of Blaine Lake, Sask., son of Mr.
llpps 7P3Q
Our hearts in Christian love, etc. should be hatched before the est daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jas Refreshments were served and middle to May to be in good laying McDowell, Meyronne, Sask., to the party soon began to disperse, condition by the first ot November, Gilbert R. Hudgins, of the same feeling that they had, indeed, had One pullet hatched in April is place. a pleasant time.	| worth about two hatched in July.
TllE address.	The u^ua! advantage in the price
from the fi iends of Norman M. Church, shuts out this source of production,
a# a token of our appreciation of your leaving pullets practically as the visited her cousin. Miss A valued and faithful services as organist I only source of fresh eggs at this for a few days last week.
&53a5S£ StiSefi&SI SSHSwa'fl JL .
casions in the ;*aat when wc met for the best of care tliroughout the	....	1 <>[t SA I.E-l ifteen cows to freshen In
pleasure, or for Service, in the various growing season.	Mr. find Mrs. David 1. Hodgms	Th^^cjnire" BPP7 K C’
departments connected with the Mas- it is imperative that all chickens ÎÎ	119 fiinem 1 ot the late
ter’» Kingdom. The tie* of friendship P® h«tched early because under Mr. Albert.Harding at Ottawa on	g
so early formed have seemed to >,rei*ut conditions of high feed Friday Inst	FOR 8 A LB—Five heifer calves, (our
E -EEEKEsc	% — ¦¦
thepajt, the ties of friendship already the male bird is placed in the
formed will continue to grow stronger breeding pen before selecting egg*,	1UI JP	¦ I
as years go by.	for hatching. Under average con- Mr. Mark Ollerenakaw, who was kindly leave at thi# oIMce
It is ndt without feelings of deep re-1 dit ions it takes about four eggs toi employed as machinist by the gret that we look forward to the^iartr produce a mature bird so that Shawville Motor Co., during the 1 do© ASTRAY — Smail sixed Collie ing with one whom we have learned to eight eggs would be required to past summer, and up to a few bitch, black and red mixed color ; left appreciate so highly ; and while your produce a laying pullet. The eggs weeks ago, is back at his old job, Shawville Saturday afternoon March 2nd. place in the church and community may for; hatching should be selected 'after a short experience in khaki. ! r,d<‘",8rned will be thankful for any in-be efficiently filled by others, the benign with care. They should each Although Mark had thrice pre- on- M arc h*Lth	VrLlv
influence of your presence, as you have	about two ounces,	have a viously been in uniform as a volun
come in and gone out among ns, will be **uooth surface and be	oval in.teer, and as many times turned
greatly missed by us all. Yet we re* y, Small, dirty or	washed down M unfit for military service,	Acknowledgment,
izeour loss will be nain to others con-	should never be incubated, the medical board which sat here me .....
*noux a* we are th u vonr amiable dis	fre*her the eggs the better last fall, saw tit to place him in Mrs. Jas H. Horner, president of
*?- TT ytmr	°T they ere for incubation, but they ! A-Il category, nnd in eonacquenec, the Austin H. M. Club, hm„ re-
Ll-Æ1.??-.1	” may be held for seven days, dur- of con ree, he beeueae liable to tl;e <-eive<l un nrknowletlgracnt from
m the fntorea.UMeie the pwt ipg which time they should be draft for Class 1, nnd was notified Mr. Ralph T. Bell. ArrêtaM of It la our pleasure to present to y>u |ept in a temperature of from 50o to present himself oil the 18th of the Halifax Relief Committee, this small token or our esteem, and w* fiOo F. and they should be turned the past month, which he did. A with reference to a liberal con trihope th-c you will ever think kindly of occasionally.	subsequent examination again re- but ion of clothing that was sent
your friends of the “ Norman Method Above all, hatch early,—M. A. vealed his untitneaa, and once more by the Club to the Halifax iat Church.1	—By Request. Jull, Macdonald College.	he got back into civilian tog*. sufferers.
Murrells. 1.00
2.00

4
We have Rennie’s Reliable
Clovers
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
and
Timothy
552 St. Catherine West
VPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stamcy St
PERSONAL MENTION
We also have a quantity of good Home-Grown CLOVER—
Thoroughly recleaned.
Misa Verda Grant, of
Quyon,
Murray
FOR SALE—Six Octave piano case Organ, in excellent shape, will be sold at n bargain. Applv to J. L. lioixuxs, Shaw-
ville
• See our Samples and Prices
Corn
We placed our order early last fall and if said Corn is obtainable we will certainly have our stock in April
374
LOST—On Saturday night. March 2nd ou road between Austin and Shawville a man's rublwr, size 8—new
Finder
W. A. HODGINS
V
###PAGE###2###
BIHME™
Ford Cars. Sells for 1*2.60.	"™	that honest carefulness to avoid oi<i cm»*. o»i Oia*. Ormmmeate,
AGENTS WANTED	Rationing is a subject that is ra- waste which would have to be done! * wîtto	to
reiving much newspaper attention in under a compulsory rationing scheme. s. m. a t jonkiw*. Limite.i Canada at present. It is a thing that In a way this is a new factor which	a^ht^r i,KS.
is as new to us in theory and practice hitherto it has not been possible to,	***
as war was three years and a half i utilise
ago. That must be the only excuse here especially indicated to aid
for some things which are written, far woman's work in the Dominion | a young and pretty school teacher CHÀPTKR VIII. 4(Cont'd.) , “Easy, now! It's smashed the bone!	Making ol Was* iirror* nr* e	The general assumption is that ration-	has had to do with Red Cross and	had some visitors one afternoon	and
“Missed the blighto*!” he said	Stick it, matey! We'll soon avc you	veloped in \ emve.	ing can he carried out, just as some	similar works of mercy. This opens	| bought she would show them	what a
Then he told me that it wasn’t a good as right as rain!"	They say that a man’s first thought P*»Pb thought price-fixing could, by out the field enormously. Every wo- good ciaaa „he had. Calling up a
place for a .sniper's nest at all. For	“Per Gawd's sake, boys, go easy!	on entering a room is. “Where is there	* merc WHve of H m**gic Pen- When	man who saves bread, beef and pork	bright little boy at the rear	of	the
one thing, it was too far back, nearly	It’s givin' me ell! Let up! Let up'M ,uce to sit ^own?" but a woman's	** remembered, however, that	products is in fact and deed wielding	room abe Raij to him:
a half-mile from the German trenches.! just a minute!"	] ^ thought is, “Where is there a mir* Canada's seven and a half million peo an unseen weapon in the war as truly «Johnny, if I gave you two cents
for artillery: much better to make a to be unrighteously indignant if he* It is only since the beginning of the ,T1* out of the rationing scheme .	*	The teacher blushed with embar-
position right out in the open. How- had been wounded when on a work-! sixteenth century that mirrors have Fur rations mean that each family HOSPITAL EXPANSION IN B. C. rassment, hut tried again. “You can't ever, so fur he had not been annoyed ing party. What could he say to the been used as articles of household fur- would be under an obligation not to	, _	have understood, Johnny,” she said,
by shel l fire. A machine gun had women of England who would bring	niture and decoration, and there are	eat more on anN or in Rny week	New Const ruction Adds 350 Beds With	“Listen, and I will repent the	ques
searched for him but he had adequate him fruit and flowers in hospital, call	few women of the present day who do	than a certain set amount of particular	Augmented Treatment Facilities	tlon. If I gave you two cents	and
* ??•* ni?1 »ne KUn. ,r.e* . , i ium v *>oor	uW,i	not realize and make use of their art- foods.	' i your father gave you three, how many
Hut, bhmy, You ought to a card how he was wounded? He had enhst-j jst,c va|ue in .Corning their homes. u would not be hard to make a rule Increased military hospital accom-, would you have?"
SrrTrr ., h ,
my word!"	workin’ like a bloomin’ navvy, fillin' about the size of an ordinary hand 1 many million police would be wanted Commission at Esquimalt and Vancou-! said the teacher. “How on earth could
However it wasn’t such a “dus*y sandbags full o' France, w en I up an',	mirror. They were usually provided	to attend to the execution of the	ver. Approximately 200 beds are to	you have seven?”
little coop,” and he had a good field of Sets plugged!" The men who most	with a handle and sometimes were	order? Even the making of orders	be added to the Esquimau centre, with	' “I got two in me pocket,”	said
tire. He had registered four hits dur- bitterly resent the pick-ami-shovel	mounted on a stand. The principal	that, would be fair in a large city as	augmented treatment facilities. In	Johnny,
ing the day. and he proudly displayed Phase of army life were given a great	feature of these ancient mirrors was	compared with a country home of-	Vancouver about 160 beds are being
four new notches on a badly notched deal cl it to do for that very reason.	tbe design incised on the back. They	f«rs difficulties little thought of. In	added to the Shaughnessy Military
butt in proof of the fact.	!	'"ul belong to the period about 400 to 500 the Maritime Provinces fish is plenti- Convalescent Hospital and a building a certain British soldier's letter.
“There’s a big ’ole Were the artilPry	Jf ,	- ^had one and he suffered B.C.	ful and comparatively cheap as infer the accommodation of hydro-	according to Pnuch,	runs thus:
pushed 111 their parapet larst night.	muvh àin but the humiliation was I During the middle ages, from the	the West arc wheat and beef. But therapeutic equipment is under con- «% am aorry I	cannot Ml	you
’h nVn	T 1K	even harder to War. What could twelfth to the end of the fifteenth can- more fish is not needed “at the front" atruction at the Military Annex of the where I am, because I am not allow-
bveverv little w’ile an’ ferrets to hc te!l them »t home?	| tury, pocket mirror* or small hand , to anything like the same extent that Vancouver General Hospital.	led to say. But I venture to state
duck ’is napper. Tyke yer field-1 "Do you think I'm a go’ll' to s’y I mirrors carried at the girdle were beef and wheat most urgently are The decision to develop the Esqui- ; that I am not where I was, hut where glasses an’ watch me clip the next WH8 « earryin' a sandbag full of old considered a necessary part of a lady’s wanted.	mult Hospital as a large centre for | wag before I left here to go where
one. Quarter left it is, this side the j»m tins back to the refuse pit w en toilet.	I What, rationing plan could ignore the care of Vancouver Island patients | have just come from.”
old ’ousc with the 'ole in the wall.” Fritzie gave me this 'ere one in the The method of hacking glass with the “customs of the country"? Yet requiring special treatment, has been |
I focused my glasses and waited.	80 bloom in likely! I was metal for mirrors was well known in immediately here a discrepancy arises, arrived at after much deliberation Seed oats are likely to sell higher
Presently he said, in a very cool, a ra!^ hit M^k'»	A 1,1 *	, the middle ages, though steel and sil- One might prescribe the use of beef and and visits to the premises by the Com- this spring and be harder to find than
matter-of-fact voice:—	I if u h a ° ?C *	t	ver mirrors were almost exclusively wheat in Canada by decree but its in-1 mission’s architect and engineer. 5 in any season within memory.
“There’s one cornin'. See 'im? ‘E’s	xvantef t Tb*»1 an 'inter?'^	used. It was in Venice that the mak-	cidence would he unequal from the, A standard wing of 160 beds is to
carry in' a plank. You can see it	want d	th/Lf	4g of glass mirrors on a commercial	first. There is, however, one way in be placed immediately north of the	.----T—
slickin' up above the parapet. E’s	not in the heat of higlorious fatigue wale was first developed.	which the food saving could be made present administration building, while 11 S0LI/£ Til IS Pli ZZLtL
agon to get u nasty one if edvnt duty	1	-----V-----	which is the whole end and object of by erecting a new kitchen and dining j * ? Tr
duck w en he c^es to that ole. , But there was more heroic work to 1 lil >'ouf lvitk-v hot-water bag rationing. It is by a voluntary pavilion and remodelling the admin- j I	VVina Phonograph
iowe<l it alone the trench as it an- l>e done: going out on listening patrol, vv,th sand instead of water. Heat pledge of each home. Ill three words iteration building additional ward ! I No Entrance preached nearer and nearer to the for examp*e- 0nt* Patrvlf consisting of the sand in the oven and pour it into this is nothing else than by unremit- space to the extent of 60 beds will be! I Fee• opening; and 1 was guilty of the most ,1 8ergeanJ or H corporal and four or, the bag through a funnel. It will re- ting patriotic saving of the foodstuffs obtained. A recreation hall is also to unprofessional conduct, ‘for 1 kept	V8i,W** °,ut ,ro"1/.,Mvh tain the heat and do the work just as that are known to be wanted by the be erected on the adjacent grounds
thinking, as hard as I could, “Duck, nit-n to cover the area immediaMv^n* Wc!1 US	water*	allies. No amount of talking can	providing accommodation for concerts
Fritz,,.! Whatever you do duck when Tront of the Jom^y Ï™ïf tSeh	.	- make up for thla.	It is not a legal	and entertainments, dances, and gym-
you come to that hole. And suiely l0 gec anj hear wjtb()Ut |)ejng	“Good morning, Mrs.	McCarty!	How	question at all but	a moyal one, which	nastic games.
enough, he did. The plank was lower ered an<, to report immediately any	*r<* all	of your	folks?"	“All	pretty	must be left to	the conscience of	At Shaughnessy Military Convales-
rparhrl-.nl th V. n ,f activit.v of the enemy, above or be well, exceptin’ my old tpan. He's each household head. There is no cent Hospital 160 beds are being add-it reappeared again, a moment later, /ow yrouJ^» vf w^ich they might ; been enjoyin' poor health for some- better way for the present in which ed by remodelling the entire upper on the other side of the opening. The ?arn*. Jbey were on duty for from time, but this mornin' he complained those who cannot go to the trenches upper floor, which In the early days sniper was greatly disappointed. |	uOli R uf feelin' 8vme better."	can actually help in the fight in of the building when It was used as a
-3HS3-SC** sSSSaSES-----------------------------------------*——---------------------1—-----------------—-•—
know,W,°tn" 1086 an°ther’ "0t ^ tHeyi	work required, above every-
^¦ PAPER HANGERS
to learn what their teaction was to( bç avoi(jejy there	would be a hand-to-	Generally speaking, people are more	more especially if they are	mashed	and	others
Î.Ür!rf^? AHh,iJh ,lnin!!r inv.;, ^h!v hand encounter	with bayonets, or a	inclined to eat vegetables in summer	and put through a sieve.	Doctors ¦¦ 1	/*	1	w
ijs.2ï F .“rrSi rz T::„	SI	as Make Good Incomes
a6ip rather than the love of killing ulalm started by	<1 nervous sentry. It	thing, the system does not seem to	proaches is due to lack of vegetables
for its own sake. The general at- ,lce«s but a moment for such an alarm	demand them to the same extent.	which contain much mineral	matter,
süpipfis;....................................................................................
You can't 'elp feeliu" sorry for the "	in« more ,ha,‘ one ?ho",d of other, «.-«larly good when combined w,th
parapet. The sound was deafening e,d ,,htiS<‘ .«tremely,, hazardous ad- In Canada great quantities of vege- ,t can be saved for soup or gravy at times, particularly when there were )en ,ur^?	't *! • Çar,y!n ,/ 4hies are grown. On the farms es- j it i8 best of all to^bake or steam
iiEi^ïâsES aseaa»»---- - -
They are excellent for the childm, ly follow
mm#
T,k‘ EHBSrSsfi,
bearers lay in the tall , rasa close at
hind awaiting the whimpered word.I	J	^	•
“6 retcher-bearers this way!” and, Ç J Kfl A K Ml O WW they were kept busy during much of	e 9 m ww
the time we were at work, carrying; ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED
CANADA
ÏTCHENER’S

à
mm
l’HE MORGAN SALES CO.
TORONTO
t
415 YONQE STREET,
4

The Canadian women ia
iï
4
i
MIRRORS 2,500 YEARS OLD
So
The Unknown Quantity
Jfls. Norman Mali»

“Seven," said Johnny again.
“I am surprised at you, Johnny,"

Where He Was At

One
Simple
Condition
Send
Your
Anewer
NOW
Count the
Squaree
,7_„
Vocational training buildings being erected at both Shaughnessy and Fairmont Hospitals, while the special
treatment facilities for this district i squares in ***** diagram OO will, of course, be found at the Van- I motly couver General Hospital Military An
are
m

v
and fulfils one simple oon-Thle condition le
dluen. ———11
Count the squares very carefully and
nex
Drawer SSI. Sta. TOBODTO
Baby's Own Soap
with our

INVINCIBLE Sample Books
-e

Z'
The winter vegetables are parti
We Prepay Bxpreee Chargee
Consumers Wallpaper Co.
Eetabllehed 1890 WINDSOR
*

8818
Vegetable feta end naturel flower extracts give BABY'S OWN SOAP its wonderfully softening end aromatic lather. Sold everywhere.
Albert Boa pa Limitai, litre.. Montreal
ONT
'llllllllllllllllllllllllllllltlllllllllltlftllllll
there was just one . J-j| WALKER HOUSE ^ y' In towns along my
route,
£> Then "drumming”
would be joyous, And I wouldn't give //	^ a hoot
k	For all the inconveni-
ence of
The trains that poke so slow, z If there was just one WALKER r HOUSE	S
In every town I go.
I'd hustle like the dickens,
take orders by the ton.
Say, trav’ling then would be	::
Just one big round of solid fun. £: I wouldn’t mind the rain or sleet, Z Or mud, or frost or snow,	;;
If there was just one WALKER r HOUSE
In every town I go
! Send it to Parker's
3
It is real patriotism to use vege- g Great variety can be given to the -tables. It rs a rule that both the j The more hardy spirits often daily menu by the use of vegetables, farmer and the city dweller may safe-! g
'X/'OU will be astonished at the reY suits we get bv our model u system of dyeing ana cleaning. Fabrics that are shalïoy, dirty or spotted are made like new. We can restore the most delicate articles.
i
I 8
Dinner No. 6
R
Baked Potatoes*! Scalloped Cabbage with Cheese Apple Fritters
S Send one article or a parcel of good» 5! by post or express. We will pay car El nage one war, and our charges are •• moat reasonable.
When *e ing, thin
Pork Pie
i:
g
And
e
you think of cleaning and dye-
k of PARKER S,
Dinner No. 7.
Minced Ham with Gravy Browned Potatoes Cold Slaw Dutch Apple Cake
*
I
Let us mail you our booklet of household ^ helps we can render.
ï\
» • :
1
¦6F

>
¦

Pdrker's Dye Works
Limited
Cleaner# and Dyer#
791 Yonge St.
67 Toronto
Dinner No. 8.
The WalkwHouse
The House of Plenty
Toronto
Geo. Wright & Co., Proprietors
m
!
Dinner No. 1
Dinner No. 9
!
Roast Pork
Sauerkraut Boiled Potatoes in their Jackets Apple Brown Betty
Dinner No. 2.
Browned Hash
Cabbage and Olive Salad Apple Pudding
Potato Soup
Dinner No. 10.
Baked Ham Stuffed Baked Potatoes
Fried Cabbage Apple Sauce Cake
Dinner No. 11.
Fried Ham with Cream Dressing Mashed Brown Potatoes Cabbage and Green Pepper Apple Charlotte
Dinner No. 12.
Rolled Stuffed Steak Riced Potatoes Steamed Cabbage with Drawn Butter
Sauce
Apple and Date Salad Dinner No. 13.
Broiled Sthak French Pried Potatoes Creamed Cabbage with Cheese Apple Sauce with Sponge Cake
These dinners with brown or white bread, butter, tea or coffee and cookies make meals fit for the king’% tabla.
Delicate Cabbage Potato Salad with Dressing Apple Snow
Dinner No. 3.
Boiled Ham ^
Potatoes Cooked in Ham Qroth Cabbage with Sour Sauce Apple Pie
Dinner No. 4.
The Poorloie Perfection Fence
F
ete*.
t eeour
Div
etey
fen
oêu, . U
rom
si
M
Wpr Peerlge yX
A
OO e* *U Made of IcacUf


n
i
V
ttïZMT" ?x?sr'
THE BAN WEI 1.
fire
Mashed Potatoes
Hot Slaw
Baked Apples and Cream
Dinner No. 5
Void Sliced ji Franco Fried Potatoes
am
Boiled Cabbage Apple Dumplings
Aids
3VSS""“
TaIUI fl % Shur Gain
—: i
rert 11
1 z «x r
the wounded to the rear.
(To be continued.)
WEST TORONTO
A ^ ***
^3^261834^11373113
###PAGE###3###

'QfflîPâirrfà
softly to their cow* at milking time.
If calve* are weaned they should he fed whole milk until they
—.	month old, when they should be ehang
There van be no successful dairy- ed to skim milk. They should be ing which does not rest upon an ap I fed skint milk until they are six
preflation of the fact that a vow is months old. While they are on milk I	By Helen Johnson Keyes
JHB
the rich and poor alike. Boiled to call her a machine. Machines do It is estimated by The Bulletin that ! J>ur*,UM ° na^ur. in making hup play that we should. But in niav thev with meat it makes a whole meal, and not possess nerves, whereas a cow has 500 tractors will be at work in the j . e<,Utate h,m	must meet squarely the consequences
it is just as much relished when cook- an intricate system of them. And Edmonton district next spring.	|	difference is so important and 0f what they do The lesson is some
ed in any of the many ways in the relation between this system ar.d Donald Smith of Red Deer receiv. fundamental that every mother ought times painful, sometimes joyful which it can be served.	the milk pail is so intimate that any ed for some fine beef cows what is *°,realize it and have it constantly in but it is always plain and unit is the sugar content which makes	condition which affects the cow's nerv-	reported to be the highest price ever j ra,nd* A ®bdd educates himself	disguised: •‘You	did that there
the parsnip so valuable as a food. It	ou* system reacts at once upon the	paid for this class of beef in Western	l through his play. A man named	fore you gei this.”	Must not the
is heavy with sugar, and it is to get	milk-producing system. An undue	Canada $9.46 per hundred.	Oroos, who has studied this matter	realization of this	truth educate
into it so much of this valuable quality , disturbance of normal, tranquil con- Bacon contains about 7 per cent. | very deeply, believes tgat one rea- young people away from those happy-that we give it the very best soil and dirons diverts the blood supply from bone, dressed beef 20, mutton 20 and j 80n wby the Period of childhood is so go-lucky, careless deeds, violations of Beans naturally divide themselves cultivation.	the milk glands and the cow either veal 26. That is one reason why muc*1 lof?ffer in human beings than it natural and moral laws, which usual
in the following classes: The dwarf A great deal of the value of the "holds up her milk" or gives a lessen- bacon is so much desired for ship-, 8 in animals—who attain almost at ly bring with them a trail of ill health green and yellowpodded,	the	dwarf	parsnip also lies in its good keeping	^d quantity. It is not without rea-	ment to Europe under present condi-	once ab*ut as much intelligence as	failure and misery?
shell beans,	which	are	matured,	and	qualities. It may be taken up in the	80n that Swiss peasants sing or yodel	: lions of shipping.	they ever have—is in order that they	(4) Courage. Very young children
beans shelled out for winter use; the fall and stored in pits, or cool cellars cl— . _	¦ ¦ ¦	¦___ [___ | "h®11 have a long educational course whimper over the bumps they get in
tall or pole, green and yellow podded, in sand, or it can be allowed to re-	/*AAfv ____ ifllltt ~____ | of P,ay.to prepare them for the very play, quarrel over their bad luck in
and the tall	shell	beans	for winter,	main in the	open ground overwinter,	II If 111	I4L A I TU	||ilh\TI0N RAY	RTcat difficulties of adult human life,	games and brag of	their successes.
Few persons	grow any	of the shell	which will	improve its flavor and	UVW	Ulâ/lLlll	VjULullUli DUA	We parents must realize, then, that	By the time the fourth or fifth grade
1m ans in small home gardens, and we make a good vegetable for use in the	__ if we do not give our youngsters op- i« reached, however, no more of that
will not further consider them here, .early spring when such are scarce.	B Andrew F currier m d	, portunities to play, we are making cowardly or boastful manner is toler-
For beans the soil should be rich I	they are an all-season vege- Dr. currier will answer all signed letters Dertainina to Health if vour ' fripples of them, sending them out ®ted. The youngsters have learned,
and mellow. To get them tender at | fab*e» they can be planted eighteen	question Is of generel Interest It will	be answered through these columns*	i nto manbo°d and womanhood lame,,	through playing, to take the bumps
picking time they should have quick j mches apart, and the space between	If not It will be	enswered personally,	If stamped, addressed envelope le en-	blind and deaf as it were, unable to	and	blows in silence and	to abide by
and continuous growth,	and this js	intercropped	with radishes, lettuce	*,®eed-	Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual cesse or make diagnoses. !	march in the ranks of success, unable	the laws of the game	and the decisions
best assured	when	they	are planted	and other smaller veetablges.	vv	t* r	°r* Andrew Fe	Curr,er» câre of	Wilson Publishing Co., 73 Adelaide	8t j	to see life and people as they truly	°f the umpire.
in a warm, rich, porous soil, well- Best results will be obtained by dig- ee ' oronto	i are or to understand the demands They began in the days of their lit-
drained end given plenty of water. King into the soil as much well-rotted	Blood Pressure.	like those of the brain we have the ¦ which the world makes upon us. ¦childhood as soreheads but play
Well-retted manure, dug into the manure as it will take, using it in the Blood pressure is an important sub- condition known as apoplexy which What are some of the lessons, valu-	made tbem honorable sportsmen,
trench, is best; and the soil should be trench *n preference to spread big it ject, insurance companies lay stress is almost always serious and very able in after life, which play teaches	you ever #ee 8Ucces8 come to a
made fine with the shovel when dig- on toP-	i» the case with all upon it and doctors who keep abreast frequently fatal.	| to children?	grown-up sorehead? I never have.
King and finished with the rake.	large-growing root crops, the soil1	of the progress	of the times find it	All this shows the necessity of keep-	(1) Justice. When tots hecin to nl*v	Tb®	spirit which wins in	life is the
Beans are planted in two general | 8,0.U (. u >c ma4(iv Porous and mellow, so	necessary to be	skillful in determin-	ing track of the arteries for when	together each bne seeks to grab for	°f HP°rteman8bip	courage to
::::: sis	§inf
As some beans, for different rea-	Requires Much Mater	series of elastic tubes proceeding from 0 mercury is raised in a capillar) operative action. What an example it, laboring ceaselessly for those im-
sons, do not germinate, it will pay to	When the young plants are iwo	® great trunk vessel attached to the	lu 6 and another by the registry of an	there is in the	incident of the tennis	mediate results	on	which	their	living
plant them rather thickly, and thin	inches high they should be thinned out	heart, and dividing and sub dividing icator upon a circular dial plate as	player who had	an	opportunity to win	depends, forget	the	educational	value
out <n the dr ills to four inches apart, to three inches apart. .	until every portion of the body has r1® r^su,t °r pressure upon a spring, the national championship by a fluke of free play and team sports to chil-
Make the drills as far apart as may Early small growing parsnips which been traversed by them.	j .u ese springs vaiy in their re- his opponent made but who, instead, dren, giving them longer and harder
be convenient. If to be worked en- are pulled out for bunching can be left Any artery can be used to deter- • SLStlnK power and the column of intentionally made the same fluke labor than their ages justify tirely with the	hoe, eighteen inches	stand	at three inches apart,	but	mine the blood pressure, if the system	mvrcu,y 1:i therefore more accurate	himself on the next ball so as to win—	result is that these Jacks and Jills,
apart will do; if	to be worked with the	if you	plant the long winter varieties,	19 *n good working order, but one of	and reliable.	if win he could—by his own skill and	although they may be very capable
wheel cultivator,	make them two feet	they should be thinned out to six	moderate size is more convenient than	A cc, tain number on	the scale or	not on his opponent’s misfortune.	' machines, are a little slow to underinches apart, as their foliage is very	one which is very large or very small.	the instrument indicates the blood	Would you not trust that man’s fair	stand the larger and	more complicate
using	the hill system of	heavy	and will crowd even at	that	It i* also desirable to choose an	Pressure as the ventricle of the heart	play in any business deal? No very	ed demands which life makes upon us
planting, drop four to six beans to a	distance. The largest varieties	had	artery near the surface, which can	contracts and sends out the column	young boy, I think, would be equal to	all, those moral and social demands,
hill, making the hills a foot apart, better be thinned out to eight inches, easily be got at.	of blood into the arteries.	such a sacrifice but through play— I mean, which are becoming more and
_ When fully up, thin out to three or Parsnips, like all root crops con- The arteries of the body are sub- .	18 18 the maximum and is ob- and only thus—he will acquire that more exacting as community life ad-|
fUr to a hill.	,	tmining large quantities of sugar, re- ject to disease like any other tissue ta,n®d	pressure of the di- desire to give every man his due and vances to greater and greater perfec-
Beans require	frequent	cultivation,	quire a great amount of water, and	or organ and such disease is often an	atcd riJooer bag, which	is a part of	of winning fairly and squarely in all	tion on our farms.	Play will teach
always drawing	the soil	up around	it should be given them regularly; but	important symptom of disease else-	,e instrument, over the	artery at the	the relations of life or not at all.	teamwork—the great	principle of
the- plants. If the wheel cultivator	be sure that the ground they are	where.	elbow which is chosen for the meas-	(2) The Power	to	Decide Wisely and new rural life.
Is used it will be well to go over them	growing in is well drained so that it	Changes in the structure of the art-	urement» obliterates the flow of the
With the hoe to get the soil well up does not get boggy. .	eries may take place at any time, but J current within it.
there are certain changes which ord- !	. e minimum is indicated on the
inarily occur in them after middle life ! register when the pressure of the rub-hand to be inserted inside the collar,	and in old age which are character-	bcr b*g is released and the current	tractor, but none which gives
The style of horse collars are créât-	istic, so that wc are accustomed to	aK®«n flows within it as indicated by	pleasing results than hitching it to
ed mostly by the use of different kinds	say that a person is as old as his	lhe return of the pulse at the wrist,	the manure-spreader. This is a hard	More	pigs	are	ruined	at weaning
of materials in their construction, arteries.	1 The differential between the maxi- job for the best of farm teams, for time than at any other stage of their
The	feed	a	colt	gets	the	first	eigh-	Such materials as heavy duck, ticking,	Hardening or arteriosclerosis is a	mum and the minimum is known as	doing the work right means not only	existence.	They	should have ac-
teen	months,	and	especially	the	first	and leather are used either alone or in	change which occurs naturally in the	the Pulse pressure.	hauling the load but operating the me-	cess to	com	and	other	grain when
winter, determines to a great extent various combinations. All-metal ! arteries during old age.	QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. chanical part of the machine as well, they are with their mother, so that
the size of the colt at maturity. The collars may also be bought, but are1 This means that the connective tis- O A. L.:—Kindly tell me whether The “sPread” is much more even when they will know how to cat and will •Ize of a horse determines its	value	notso	much used	sue which holds together the cells	the use of sodium phosphates, calcium * tractor '' used' 88 there‘8 then8uf-	not mis, the milk
very largely. Good breeding	give,	The	stuffing used in horse collars is	composing the arterial wall, is in-	chloride, and compound syrup of the fic,ent power to °Perate lhe machine	Skim milk or buttermilk i, desirable
wonderful possibilities, but it	takes	coarse	material, such	as rye	straw,	creased, making them more or less	phosphates, will lead to kidney dis-;at the proper speed to lnsure re"	feed for P‘*s at "earning	time.	The
reeding if these possibilities are	to be	curled	hair, and cotton	fibre.	rigid and inelastic instead of resili-	ease—particularly to stone in the ' eult8' An even coat ** flne manure	milk should be fed in the	same	condi-
luuy realized.. The best-bred colt	------*------	ent as they are in early life	kidney	on the fields mean8 ® wonderful in- tion at all times—either sweet or
ïïÀH-T"?'‘C',“Z	UrsswiM'
, A.draft ” ”ak.ea one of its Vj	blood, and may become brittle like the use of the medicines you men- wh,?hto store the manure until en Usually the pigs are large and
development by the tune it is one year,	* UL-X pipe-stems, and they are apt to snap tion; but do you think it desirable to ough has been coll<,cted to P?? for thrifty enough to wean at the age of
old, hence tile importance of a good Keep thc bird, with rather large Ijf subjected to "unusual strain or take such a quantity of medicines? "h^hing "P" the tractor. This out- six to eight weeks. They should •tart lhe colt should be taught piump combs and wattles-	I pressure.	1 Of course I do not know whetw vm, flt can do more work m a day than have access to green forage, such
ift!, h!in™n°Le 1 ,uWtanen’ I Hena with pale venta- P-le beak,
* lih	n f 1# ir be al,wed and pale legs have been good layers, j cess which is known as atheroma and physician, or not; but if you were
?	rat!°n of a!fal.fa or c'over Keep the late molters.	............ “ ‘
much as . ,rn M i"r ‘"u	^\r™*hage’ | Keep the pullets that mature quick- to rupture or breaking.	1;
v .	^ dean.kafi,i*b	Iy tod 8tart IayinK first. Those that I If rupture should occur in arteries j medicines
In the fall.
When one is fitting a horse with a collar, the animal should be standing in a natural position on level ground, with him head held at the height maintained while at work. The collar, when buckled, should fit snugly to the side of the neck, and its face should follow, closely and be in even contact i
with the surface of the shoulders from I Men ***d °* going home the top of the withers to the region of his throat. At the throat there should be enough room for a man’s

MOTHER-WISDOM
ind
are one
Some of the Keanonx Why Our Children Ought to Play
wr'
By Agronomist
tf Thf# Department le for the uee of our farm readers who want the advice / "J* exPflrt on any question regarding soil, meed, crops, etc. If your question or sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column. »T arnPfd *>id addressed envelope la enclosed with your letter, a complet® newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publi*h|nU Uo' Ltd., 73 Adelaide 8t W., Toronto.
Growing Beans and Paranlpa.
Nothing is to be gained by planting the bush beans outdoors too early, as they are very tender and one light frost may either kill or retard them more than planting. Of course, if you are equipped to cover or otherwise protect them and are sure to attend to it, you can got an earlier crop by taking some risk. But, in any case, it will not be wise to plant until the ground is warm and the weather somewhat settled, as beans planted in cold or «oggy soil are likely to rot in the ground.
Work them when the
to the plants crust forms after rains, and at all times when necessary to keep down the weeds.
Parsnip a Valuable Food
a week or more’s later
The Various Varieties
1
Cleaner cultivation can be given by the hill system, but more can be grown in the same space of garden by the drill plan.
life
The
apart between the drills
when*****

our
Making a Hard Job Easy
There are many ways of using your
more
Keep the birds with rather large, | if subjected to unusual strain or j take such a quantity of medicines?
pressure.	Of course I do not know whether you,	. «. . .,	. . , , ,. ..
They may also be softened by a pro- ! are "taking it under the advice of a three teams’ do lt better and at les8 alfalfa, rape, clover, or sorghum, at ............. •	‘	„	__	__	cost. Just take those other two days all times. The feeding trough
this also makes them very susceptible ! under my care, I should not think it °^and enJ°y l^6 by the fire reading should always be kept clean.
I advisable to dose you with so many "	**"	v u
an
some good books and papers. Thus Care should be taken that the pigs the tractor makes farm life easier and are not overfed. Overfeeding causes more attractive, besides saving help feverish conditions and will stunt the ¦5? | at a time when helpers are scarce and , growth of the pigs.
The farmer of to-1	-------——-
getting scarcer day who has a tractor has taken the most important step toward solving the labor problem.—Earle W. Gage.
Machinery for Bean-Raising
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED .LINES
Beans may be expected to do well on any well-drained soil, but they seem to prefer a sandy or gravelly loam of fair fertility. Too rich a soil will I The appeal of the Food Controller favor the growth of too much vine and to produce large quantities of maple the beans will not ripen uniformly, sugar and syrup this spring should re- The seed is usually planted with a ceive a ready response from those who grain drill, but when the crop is to be have groves of maple trees. While grown in hills it is best to use a corn I maple sugar can be made as it was in planter equipped with a bean plate, the early days of settlement, with A shovel cultivator is ne/ded for the very simple apparatus, the work is three or four cultivations the crop re greatly reduced and better products quires. For harvesting there are sev-made when a modern equipment is eral kinds of machinery, of which a utilized. For the instruction of those special bean harvester is best, though not entirely familiar with advanced a mower equipped with a bunching at-methods, the Publications Branch of tachment may also be used. The only the Department of Agriculture at Ot- satisfactory method of threshing bean tawa has issued Bulletin No. 2-B en- crops of considerable size is a bean titled "The Maple Sugar Industry in thresher, which may also be used for Canada.” By text and illustration it peas. They are made in various sizes" makes very clear the operation of a some of which may be operated with maple sugar plant. The time to tap, two men and a small gas engine. Such the utensils to use, the refining and a thresher will thresh from about handling of the product are all dealt eight to twelve bushels of beans an with. This bulletin Is available for hour, depending on the amount of distribution to those who apply for it. vines.

Making Maple Sugar

uilillllilliim
0

vc
m m m
are
A Road In Flanders
There is a road in Flanderi That runs a quiet way,
And few there were that found it;
>! And yet, at dusk of day,
There were some feet that sought it, And loved its dust and loam,
The feel of it beneath them:
# # « * # # # # # # # #|fc
# » #
s

z
,A little road and quiet,
Not built for great affairs— The sort of road for children, All sweet with evening airs. So many now have found it
"The blue of Heaven is larger than the cloud.”—Elizabeth Barrett Brown-
Like produces like, and to get good crops without planting good seed is next to impossible.
In these days, when pure bred males
ing
Ltil
A

Airing
Shur Gain
fertilizer pays
iliie longed for paga'e hat, Despite Me tender years; But waeei he pet it on 41**
Fertil ize
ing anything but a pure bred boar. Better then	JML
’bough the sows be merely ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED
WEST TORONTO	¦¦
Write for Bulletin
Or children any more.
\
even grades.
CANADA

%

-
###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF NEETINCS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
THE SECRETARY-TREASURER In account with the Municipality of Bristol
THE EQUITY.
CITY OF MONTREAL
6% FIVE YEAR BONDS
SHAWVILLE, MAR. 7, 1618.
o
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. fW. meet# 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
The predictions regarding the result f the overseas vote have Veen pretty veil verified l>y the returns, which are iw ail in. The vote went very strong-y in favor of In ion Government and * effect u)k>u the late election means v tiKjisferring of several seats from t \r Upixtoition to the Government colon, bringing the majority up to GO. \ deferred election in Manitoba and the deciding of the disputed Yukon elec-• <>n in favor of the Government candi i ite, may increase the majority to 71, .< figure, in the opinion of many, much t o large to ensure well balanced ad inihtration of the country’s affairs.
Ck
1 hi
COMPENSATION FVND
R. 8. H. Workman, W. E N. Hodginm W. M.___________:	Rec.Secy.
f.V95 05
To total collections .........................
14 interest added in llauk ..................
April 3 350 tugs at 810.50 ; express 36 cents........
3	8. A. Mack&y. drawing by-law...........
June IS H. Tubman, 1 sheep irnured, and lamb killed
July 4 H. O’Donell, l lamb killed.. .................
Oct. 1 11. Tubman, sheep killed and injured..........
t H. Lucas, one sheep killtsf.................
Nov. 7 H. Tubman, 1 sheep killed ....................
4	W Drummond, i tri|*a insfiecting sheep ....
4 II, O’Donell, l sheep and lamb killed.......
4 T. McWbirter, 1 sheep killed................
4 W. V. Young, 1 trip inspecting sheep........
4 J Luca, s «
4 P. J. Cooney, H “	**
18 Voeits collected and refunded
18 W. Roe», sheep injured......
30 Cash on hand ...............
4 75
due 1st December, 1922
L. O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each
Herb IIoim;ins
• W.M.
10 85 10 00
Reg. IIoduins, Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
W. Ciuop. In Com
6 3.1
6 00 23 67 10 00
Wv are authorized to receive, and resjHictfully solicit the subscription of our clients to the above loan
0 33
ItKG. il0IM4INR
Com. Scribe.
PRICE = PAR (IOO) FLAT
4 00
IX
12 00 10 00
(With kmefit of four months interest)
HOMEMAKERS' CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
1 00
8 00
8 00
u
REN E-T. LECLERC
17 00 10 00 lift» Oü
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
Elmside Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thun. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday,
of each month.
INVESTMENT BANKER
160 James Street, Montreal
Telephone : Main 1200 and 1201.

$399 80	8399 80
true that soldiers who
It the re]K>rt ve Wvn in training only a short time ( ’unada an- to Ik* sent overseas as
Cr
1>R
BONUS ACCOUNT 1917
Kvdily as possible to complete their struct ion in England, the thought ill occur to a g«uxl many people that it add lx* much more economical to i\c the men finish their training here the limit of practicability •al is being said and written alx>ut the avity of the food situation in Britain, situation due vhictly to the shortage in van tonnage. Why then intensify that million by increasing the number of
1 To cash on hand..................
30 44 total collection for year......
44 Interest added in Bank........
June 23 By half-yearly pay Sinking Fund Dec. 24 4k 44	“	"
4 cash in hand ..................
1651 02
2292 30 35 50
Jan
Dtx
885 60 885 GO 2207 G2
A great

c
1978.82 3978.82

LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Mail Contract.
Mail Contract.
Du
CURRENTACCOUNT
Cn
1917
—FOR—
Shawvllle and District
TO SELL KOK
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
0 —
Splendid list of stock for Fall 9 1’lunting. 1917, and Spring Plant ing. 1918. including many new varieties which we alone control.
bin. 1 To cash in hand..............................
Codes returned.........................
Govt, rebate on culverts..............
Total collection for year 1917....
Jan. 8 By W. Graham, bushing river to Sand Point
P. Kelly, work oil B. and C. Town Line Mrs. Darkness, board $49.80; caretaking
$5.00..................4............;
W. D. Campbell, attending Co. Council
J. Y. Reid, auditing. 1916............
T. McKee, 4 loads gravel (<« 25c.. ..... J. S. Stanton, services on B. & C T. Line J. A. Cowan, publishing minutes 191G.. H. Rosa, bushing river to Braeside, $3.00;
inspecting Wiggins fence, $1.00......
G. Fleming, rep. bridge B. à O. Line... W. Beattie, repairing Cooney’s bridge .. J. E. Gaboury, advice re. gravel pits....
S. Smith, Building and Jury Fund......
W. Barr, 3708 ft. cedar @ $15.00......
W. Beattie, 182 ft. cedar @ 5 cts $9.10 ; “ dividing Uiv. No. 48, $3.00
D. Campbell, press seal.............
W. Mulligan, 100 3 inch tile........
John Dagg, advance on cedars........
M. Sullivan, supplies, etc., T. Black..
W Rimer, registering release T. Black
1 ease George Campbell .............
J. IX Bussell, supplies to T. Black....
County Rate for 1917 ................1
l>. Sheppard, blasting rock, Div. No. 1..
M. McDowell, tile as per bill.........
J. Dagg. cedars, $49.00 : rep. scraper $1
A. OMally, roadwork M. Doherty........
J. A de, roadwork W. Anstiss, f. McCann
Mrs. J. Trudeau......................
D. Sheppard, roadwork for Mrs. Scott..
Rural Telephone rental................
J. D. Russell, supplies for T. Black...
J. Marks, 12 days validating..........
F. Armstrong, 12 days validating......
D. Campbell, advice re T. Black and paid G. Campbell for ivlease of lease.. T McNamara, 11 days validating........
O.	T. Drummond, Valuators’ Clerk....
“	44 driving Valuators.........
J. Henderson, retiring grader.........
S. Davis, plank for Harris bridge.....
J. Cruickfhanka, roadwork J. Roy......
Pedlar People Ltd, steel culverts.....
S.	A. Mackay, fee re. Black, advisor.... W. Murrell, work on Ktrathcona Avenue Secretary, supplies U*gul Printing Co.
supplie
H. Ross, ins. and rc;*ort, new road, con. 2 R. 0. ilodgins, 1821 ft. cedar $15....
J. A. Cowan’s acct.. as j*er bill.....
W. Sly, roadwork for Mrs. And. Smith.. J. Trudeau, bl ing rock, main mad.#
J. McNeill, municipal drain, 2nd con.... W. Baird, road work for C Mai loch.... Secretary, supplies Inégal Blank Ftg. Co.
H. Ross, roadwork for J. Roy..........
J. D. Russell, supplies to T. Black___
M. McDowell, tile as per bill.....
J. Nicholson, roadwork Mrs. A. Nicholson T Trudeau, roadwork for J. McI>ermott
and B. Fitzgerald....................
J. N. Russsell, cedar as per bill ....
T.	Sharpe, spikes, as per bill........
W. Russell, services as health officer....
T. A. Lucas, cedar, as per bill.......
W. Drummond, services re. mun’pl drain A. Meldrum, roadwork for F. Laderoute W. Rimer, registering procès-ver beau x.. Omitted— S. A. Mackay, expense re. T.
.....................¦¦¦¦
J. Roy, roadwork as |>er bill...
W. Beattie, cedar as per bill ..
H. Ross, work on 3rd con. line
J. D Russell, supplies for T. Black...
W. D. Dagg, work on B O. Tow n Line J. Manary, roadwork for Hugh Horner Mrs. P. Moyle, 121 loads gravel @ 15cts.
P.	Dougherty work on Black Pond.......
J. H. McKillop 213 loads gravel 15cts.
J. Smith exm. water course R. 10......
J. B. Duff, cedar as per bill..........
J. O’Brien, 128 ft. cedar at 8 cents..
Supplies from Legal Blank Printing Co 8. A. McKay, costs re. Ireland’s law suit D. She G. T.
$3513 17 18 25 95 32 2895 21
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	SEALED TENDERS juld.v^-d to
verseas when they could ^he Postmaster General, will In* received uch more easily be provided for here | at Ottawa until noon, on Friday, tlie
1 L'th
His Majesty’s Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six times per week, on the Rural Mail Route
SEALED TENDERS, addressed to the Postmaster General, w ill be received at Ottawa until noon, on Friday, the 5th April, 1918, for the conveyance of His Majesty's Mails, on a proinwd Con* tract for four years, six times a week on the route
Calumet Island Rural Route No. 1
Feb. 3 April 14 Dec. 31
n sinners
$	4 OC»
25* 00
r a few months at least
The Government has expended large uns in acquiring, laying out and equip-ing training grounds in different j>art.s
t Canada. Do these grounds or camps I from t|lv Poet piaster General's pleasure ' k the essentials for properly training Printed notices containing further in îr men. ami thus necessitate their re formation as to conditions
49 80 20 00 3 00
MARYLAND No. 1
—o—0—0—
Send for new Illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
9
I 00
from the Postmaster General’s pleasure, of proposed Printed notices containing further in-,val t0	country for that pur-1 Contract may be mem ud^Uau fwma formation as t<> conditions of pro^w,!
pose, and it so, why do they lack those o$(.es 0f Maryland, McKee and Bristol, of Tender may be obtained at the Post
saentials when their utility at the pre-1 and at tlu* office ot the Post Orth < In- Offices of Vaiumet Island, Freshwater,
1*. T COOLICAN,	Doorsven, Tancredia, and at the offi<
Post Office InsiK vtor. of the Post Office Inspector, Ottawa. Post Office Inspector's Office,	Post Office Inspector’s Office,
Ottawa, February 28th, 1918.	Ottawa, Feb. 22nd, 1918
P. T. COOLICAN,
Post Office Inspector.
12
4 00 8 00
Feb. f»
STONE and WELLINGTON
(Established 1887»gn
4 00
Ontario
Toronto
7 20
27
0 23
Mar. 5
" nit time would to some extent, to say | speetoi ¦hr* least, remove the food pressure in he old land 1 It may be argued, of mise, that we have’nt the officers here ualified to give the instruction. Grant-
r* 00
6
1 20
6
56 52
April 7 May 7
CanadianNorth
West Land Regulations
i*
12 10
8y
• #
...	,	1 des, every Cauadian pioneer-of
x|lv ’ 18 t u‘ caae> “remedy Is not wni lvivn.,, each week a box from tlu eyond reach. \\ hat s to hinder those Red Cross headquarters, and we in the fticers coming to Canada to perform home land, through our contributions, he work they are doing in England, I enable them to do this. Four exchanged
—	—......»	Sytt
omiug to the mountain in this ease ways received these boxes, without ¦ems a more feasible proposition than | which they could scarcely exist ; that iving the mountain go to them
4 00
7
2 CK»
20 OU 10 15
Farms for Sale
The sole head of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject or a subject of an allied or neutral country, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant must appear in |K*rson at Dominion Laima Agency or Sub-Agency for District. Entry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months_ residence upon and cultivation olland in each of three years.	1
In certain districts a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section an pre-emption. Trice $3.00 per acre. Duties—Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per Must reside six months in each
10
28
No. 1—Eiiat half of Lot No. 26, 3rd range Clarendon, containing about 100 acres, of which 50 acres are under cultivation, at present in hay and pasture. Erected thereon are a good comfortable dwelling house ; machine shop and granary ; good barn 30x40 ; two good cattle sheds and horse stable. Fifty acres of bush land timbered with spruce and cedar.
2 75 14 53 1296 00
31
June 22
8 25
23
they had seen men of other nationalities who did not receive this extra food, fall dead returning from work. They also told of operations being performed w ithout anaesthetics.
We desire to thank the ladies of the
July 3
69 23 50 00
4 80
3
Retail Grocers under License
after May 1st.
An order has been issued by the chair- ___________
of the Canada Food Board bring- Shawville, Clarendon and Austin Clubs, mg the retail grocers of the Dominion who turned out in such numbers in the .nder license. On and after May 1st it zero weather to be present at our social; v.ill lie illegal for any retail grocer to to Mr. and Mrs. Elliott for the list* of xrry on business without a licence from their home ; to those w ho, unable to ’>e he Food Board. The regulations in re present, sent their contributions to si w wirri to this trade are similar to those* their interest and w illingness to a d
overing the licensing of other retail lealcrs, except that the last day for li bellied to make the evening a success.
using of retail grocers has been fixed The next meeting of the Club will Ik? t May 1st, while the other trades will at the home ef Mrs. A. A. Smart, the <it lie under license until May 15th. 2nd Thursday of March. All interested The regulations contain provisions in our work or wishing to know more of gainst speculation, unreasonable in- it are especially invited to meet with reuse in price, restrictions on supply or the members on that occasion, ttempts to monopolize food products.
Jest ruction of food fit for consumption,
4
3 OO 3 00 8 00 10 81 30 00 30 00
26
«f.ian
No. 2.—North Half of Lot No. 26, 3rd range Clarendon, containing 100 acres, cultivated ; has been in hay and pasture during the past year. Good house, good barn and good stables. Fenced around end and side with wire.
Aug.. C
J
25 00 27 50 30 00 60 00
8
and to all others who in any way
These two Farms are one mile from Portage du Fort railway station ; 2$ miles from saw mill, two churches, cheese factory and school. The soil is rich loam.
us
1 00
4 ($0
l 60
Further ; particulars and terms maybe had on application to
160 85
40 20 74 00
JAMES HART, .
Portage du Fort
11
acre
of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions,	•
When Dominion Lands are advertised or posted for entry, returned sol diers who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (but not Sub Agency). Discharge papers must be presented to n t
2 33
16 3m
15
Secret un
s to T. Black
10 81
Sept. 3
>r waste or failure to prevent waste or
luterioration where such is preventable Rheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and
are prohibited. Licences are made uni-	_	_	_	.
tonn with other retail dealers m food Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured*
products, namely, $2.00 on a turnover	----
if #20,000 or less per annum, and an | Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Vvrk Iditional #2.00 for every additional #20,000 or fraction thereof of turnover.
Approximately 22,000 retail grocers ill be affected by this licensing ar-i augment.
3 00
5
Farms for Sale.
27 36 18 50 4 00
The undersignvtl offers for sale the following farm property, situated in the Township of Clarendon :—
No. 1.—All of Lot No. 1, in the 9th range, containing about 254 acres, of which about 150 arc cleared and have been in pasture for three years. On the
4 50
O. T. Drummond
5 70
350 00
10
Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
11
3 00
14
3 14
Oct
3 00
3
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is
highly recommended for indigestion, horse stable and one milk house dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour atom- buildings are protected by a nice grove, ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss Jlml the proportv ja well watered and
:### iff=IS sstSSP
yards of 150 were present, and even (	n \i r> x- - RAnfrow ^"dand a ;*ortion of hush consisting of a
,-<ünP room was at a prem.nm for a wrL : ^ waTLroubfed with rbeumal	Vn&
.	,	,	, „	twn for over fifteen years, and at time* SLwhole fenced hrmnA Wlth Urbed
I	^	^ ^ On this propertj are e«cted : Good I Dec. 1
wm given, but Itev. Mr. Brownifavored I M|> Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St.,	‘*1
,)hone selections and other music and 0f IU€M|icino Two bottles of your Vic- Aa niy business interests are situated ringing throughout the evening.	u,ry Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com- entirely in New Ontario, I am anxioua
Mr. and Mrs. Elliott with then da ugh- . ,]etel v cured me.”	to °lgP°8e of the above, having no time
er and large family of genial sons did	y;, p> ^1 Robertson, Renfrew	to 8ivc I^per	attention to them.	Rea
everything possible to have everyone	wrjte8’. have not had an attack of	enable	terms	will	be given, which will
¦njoy themselves, and the club members aathma or t.OUghing since I took the «* made known on appRcation to ¦ „d friends served refreshments.	fourth do*» of your remedy.”	GEO. LOORRIGAN
The proceed*, which will mostly be Sufferers should secure a supply of	Connaught P. O., N. Ont,
ned in aid of the Red Cross, amounted thig ,plendid remedy at oncc from Shaw-1	or Bristol Ridge P. O, Que
:o the sum of $34.00.	....	, ville Drug Co., Shaw ville, Que ; Cou
The Home-makers Club is the only	,	Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.
society (with one exception) in this com- U	g R^ester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta
mnnity which is working in the interests I or direct from the manufacturer,
i thl" great cause, and a-e feel we have w F Ri^ie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont. the sympathy and support of all rightthinking people. War, with all its terror», is still with ua, and we w ho are privileged to dwell in the “ safety 20 should feel impelled to leave nothing -îodone that mii?ht add in any way to the comfort of those who “ counting not
their lives dear unto themselves,' brave-1 day night, Elmside VS. ly stand guard for us at the 44 dread1	*
front.”	-
premises are erected a good, comfortable log house, Wn, two cow stables, one
Nov. 3
8 14
53 12
5
The
W. W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. .—Unauthorized publication of
1 00
STARK S
13 50
n
this advertisement will not be paid for
8
3 50
10 50
7 50
12 90 11 00
sys
tern
THE MARKETS
10
4 50
14
26 50
SHAWVI1LE
J une 9
15 00
» e
Flour per barrel $11.50 Wheat, pel bushel, $2.10 to 2.15 Oats, per bushel, 1.00.
Beans per bushel, $6.00.
Butter tubs printsamd rolls 35c Potatoes per bag. 1.50 ‘
Eggs perdosen 35c Fowls, 18 to 18o per lb.
Geese, 13©. per lb.
Hides per 100 lbs. 8.00 Pelts 85c. to 1.05 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.23 Veal Skins each 50c
Nov. 20
8 70
24
2 00
15 00 38 48 50 00
3
3 00
4
18 15
4 Gv
31 95
1 00
ê
3 00
10 24
10
3 50
15
20 65
tppard, bushing river to S. Point Drummond, salary $300..
" postage $16.70
19
4 00
28
300 00 16 70 3171 77
» •
44
The following are last Sa turd ays quel ations :
Butter, in prints 48c to50c Butter In palls 46 to 48c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 70 to 75c Potatoes per bag, $8.00 Pork per 190 lbs $28.00 to 87.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $12.00 to $14.00.
Oats per bushel 95c Hay per ton 1100 to 16.00
Balance due Municipality
31
TENDERS WANTED
86521 95 96521 95
Sealed Tenders for the office of Secretary-Treasurer of the County of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, will be received by the undersigned up to 10 a m., of Friday, March 22nd, inst The maximum salary allowed by the _	_	,	__	, Act is 7 per cent, of certain amounts,
Hockey Match, Til UTS- I but not of all the expenditure of the
annually.
M HODG1
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover n I postage.
Jan. 1 1917 To total cash on hand... «.
To total receipts during year
By total expenditure......
Jan 1 1918 By total cash on hand.. ,.
$5164 19 5736 38
#5265 66 5635 01
us
% t
#10900 97 $10900 57
O. T. DRUMMOND,
Sec.-Treas,
W
INB, M.L.A., Prea., Shawville, Que.
Equity (\dvt8. Pay.
Shawville—Shawville Sink.
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
FtVIT TUEES aqd PLANTS
FOR SPRING PLANTING.
It Pays to Buy a
Good Quality Hat
4 Weekly Journal devoted to loom Interests. PeblUked every Thmred* >
#V Shawvilla, County Pontiac, Qua.
City of Montreal
We need no further introduction than the fact that we have been In the Nur-Mery haul owe SIXTY ONE YEARS, and are now prepared to meet existing ditioiiM by offering our high grade and plant s direct to customer* at Hoc k Bottom I'kic»:*.
Send for our Illustrated circulars of hardy varieties which you tan order direct and save the agent's communion, of which you get the benefit. Our prices will he sure to Interest you and all stock Is absolutely first-class and true to name.
THE CHASE BROTHERS CO. of Ontario. Ltd,, Nurserymen.
Established IH67.
con
trees
nv iscrîption, #1 A Year in Advance
¦ lllll A11 arrears must be paid up beforf %ny p iper Is discontinued.
6°o 6 YEAR bonds
Denominations : $100 $500. $1000.
TO YIELD 6A /
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for |nt Insertion and 6 cents per line or each t.uh#equent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion utid 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be in sorted until forbidden and charged accordingly.	|__
Birth, marriage and death notices pub fNhed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
As the higher prices go, the more important it is that you should not waste money on Hats that haven’t got the quality, haven’t got the style, haven’t got the satisfaction in them, even at a low price. ,
1,500,000
City.fOutremount
Colbornc
Ontario
Home maker# Active
The Clarendon II M. Club find a few invited frienda met at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Richard Findlay on Wednesday, Feb. 27th, to hold their monthly
If you decide to buy a good Hat, buy a	in,lh:‘form of « evening.
^	A soldiers shower and sale of fancy
__________ __ . ________________________pr rl . _	^ work, which amounted to about nine
MILLS or	SACK VILLES	aU° hcWJ After a ft»
_r	~	hours spent In games and music, supper
t j «	was served by the members of the club.
London, Lnglantl. A hearty vote of thanks was tendered
to Mr. and Mrs. Findlay and the gentlemen present, of which there was a goodly number. The singing of the National Anthem brought a very pleasant and social evening to all present to a close.
—(W.
for
6°0 5 YEAR BONDS
Denominations : $100. $500. $1000.
AT PAR
Outermount is the best residential Municipality of Greater Montreal.
It has a population of 12,300
An assessed valuation of $23,016,905
A total net debt of $808,598
A taxe rate of 70 cents per 100 dollars.
The above facts make these bonds a particularly attractive investment.
Complete details furnished upon request,
Wire or phone your orders at our expense.
Versailles, Vidrlcaire& Boulais
LIMITED
VERSAILLES BUILDING,
90 St. James Street
JOB PRINTING
London, England
Ml kind# of Job Printing neatly »nd
Orders by mall
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
We are showing these in black, steel, naVÿ midnight brown, emerald, and pistachio.
By the way, we have the New Spring Caps. We haven’t space to describe the different styles, the colors, or color combinations. Just drop in and see them. We have your cap.
Professional Cards.
T
GREERMOUNT
DR. A. H. BEERS
March 2.—Mr». H. H. Woodwaril, of Denver, (Jolorada, and daughter Anna, who has spent the past few months with her brother, Hob Judd, left last week to visit relatives in Bristol and Shaw ville.
Misa Della Stark spent a few days with friends in Greer Mount this week.
A baby boy came to brighten the home of Mr. and Mrs. George Tubman on the IHth. Both well.
Mr. and Mrs. Hi las Somerville paid a farewell visit to Greer Mount friends before leaving for their future home at Mantario, Sask.
Mr. Lyal Belabor, of Brock., Sask., who has been spending the winter months with his parents at Yarm, visited Greer Mount friends on Sunday.
We arc glad to hear that Mrs. James Atkinson is improving and able to be about again.
Mrs. Roy Bradley visited her sister, Miss Jessie Caldwell at Dunraven last week.
SURGEON DENTIST
- Qvk.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_ t
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Campbklls Bay
Who buys now Saves Money.
ROLLED OATS
S. A. MACKAY
Montreal.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle, - - - Que.
PHONES MAIN 8746-8746
A 20 lb. Bag for $ 1.00 A 40 lb.
$3.00
a. J. McDonald d. c. l.
a
a
Canadian Pacific Railway,
Time Table.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, «0.
CAMPBELLS BAT. QUE.
Will be at SKawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Manufactured by tl|e Quaker Oats Co., Peterborough Oqt.
Messrs. Ernest and Gilbert Schwartz spent a few days the guests of Mr. and Mrs. George Smith. They expect to leave soon for their home in Assiniboia, Saak.
Mrs. James Lang spent a week the guest of her sister, Mrs. John Moore, Calumet Island.
Miss Marie Smith spent the week-end with Mrs. C. A. Workman, Shaw ville.
Mr. F. W. Schwartz had the misfortune of having one of his horses badly kicked a short time ago. Wc are glad to hear it is getting better.
G. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
Ottawa— Montreal via Short Line :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 9.15, a. m Lv (B)	“	14	3.30, p. m.
CEO.C. WRIGHT, K.C.
OtT l w A— M AN IW A KI
, AC
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.40, p. m.
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 8.25, a. m. on Tuesday, Thursday
A > * o o
l
196 Main St. - Hull.
md Saturday only
Shawvillk-Ottawa
BOYS’ SUITS
Lv (B) Shaw ville 7.28, a. m.
Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 8.55, a. m Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, p. m
Ottawa— Winnipeg —Vancouver :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St. 205, a. in.
Ottawa— Pkmbrokjc :
PHONE BELL
J^Einest Gaboory, LL B.
' ADVOCATE BARRI iTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, ljUE.
Nukf Skd
Something New and Classy.
a
To Make Victoria Crosses.
A bronze gun captured by the Canadian troops overseas from the Germany will be used by the British authorities for the manufacture of Victoria Crosses. The gun in question was captured by the 68th Canadian Infantry Battalion, and Sir George Perley, in a letter to General Mew-burn, Minister of Militia, states that he has agreed to its being turned over to the British authorities. Sir
Is very complete. I George says that 4t has been in the
1	I past the invariable practice to manu-
facture Victoria Crosses from bronze guns captured from the enemy.
Very Exclusive Patterns.
Call and see them
Will be in Fort Uoulonge every Wed lesday and Shawvllle every Saturday.
No trouble to show them
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. m.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. m. on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday only.
Noth :	(A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Daily except Monday-
Our Line of
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
Men’s Suits and Furnishings
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TCCKER, Agent, SUawville
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST.|
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
HULL
Suit yourself at
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
MURRAY BROS
"PUNKIN" PIE IS BEST OF ALL
GEORGE E. MORENCY
•1
Man's Mouth Still Waters When Hi Thinks of the Kind That Mother Used to Make.
SHAWVILLE.
DOMINION â MOVING!* LAND INNVtYO* | ^HE TAILORS
ALL KINDS OF
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of IjOts, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &o.
Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted)
Highest Market Prices Paid.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK I Ktr% IS	11 have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially
r '	I for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned
lickerish joy as pie, piam pie—par I while you wait, at lOc. per cwt. for coarse grains
You can’t spell punkin p!c with an “m" and a “p,” declares a writer In the Milwaukee Journal
To a man still young enough to remember sufficiently far hack into his
Executed carefully to the eatlefso-
Hulu
• 1B2 Wellington 9t
Phone : Queen 5230.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Never in the history of our country was it more necessary to sow good seed and to sow only that which will grow.
GEORGE HYNES
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu- the kind one gets in rcsumntnt*. «a- @et vour seed readv before the rush. You
.	,	» » t .i	i ia vored with cloves and allspice. “Pun- .	*	,	.	. lf
llicnts C\er placed hcfoic the public kin" pie has elnnnmon and ginger in WÜ1 1166(1 GV6ry hOUF ill 866(1 tÎH16.
¦	of thisdistrict. Prices are such that will be to
ParxcniliftAntinn flnAnall hours purchasers' interest to consult rac before placing their order would not dare nsk mother. And of
' elsewhere. Nothing too large-nothing too small.	SASSS 5SS! î<tS
best Is “punkin.”
There are other kinds, of course-apple, peach, cherry, squash, blueberry, custard, lemon, mince—and every one probably has Its value In the world.
Some people even may prefer them.
One never can account for different persons' tastes. But for boys, young men and elderly men whose stomachs have not yet grown old, there is none that will approach “punkin," the khaki-colored queen of pastries.
One grows hungry at the thought of "punkin” pie—the crisp, crinkly crust ; the thick, rich pungent filling, with the dust of cinnamon tarnishing Its tawny top; the creamy, dreamy, velvety, faraway taste as one’s mouth closes on It# prise. Some appetising joys there are, but none that exceeds capturing • piece of punkin pie, getting It Into
Embalmer and funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
WM. HODGINS.
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
For Sale
All Wofrk Guaranteed Satisfactory.
W. J. HAYES
8HAWVILLI
main STRaar
400 I be. Early and Red Clover Seed,
20 to 25 tons Clover Mixed Hay, saved eaily in season before ripening.
20 loads Threshed Clover Straw.
1 Empire Cream Separator, never used ; cap. about 450 lbs.
1	Steam Boiler and 1 Steam Engine, suitable for cheese factory or creamery ; also steam piping, valves and other connections
Milk Vat, Weigh Can and Conductor, Curd Mill, Cheese Hoops and Dress, Double Beam Scales, Milk Testers, including glassware : Shafting, Hangers, Pulleys, Churn, Butter Worker, and numerous small articles together with some factory supplies.
Some of the above will not be sold separately unless a collective male fails.
2	Tables with drawers (used in. Commercial School).
2 Village Lots, opposite Shawville Methodist Church.
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
AU calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
é
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tinware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.
J. L. HODQINS
A UR NT TOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repair#
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
Give us a call
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
•lie’s hands, contrary to all social
Mtlng lato It until one almost
DAT
rnJTTTTTn
Failing sale of Lota, my Farm north ot Shawville Cemetery will be offered.
ever the top of the at*
standing crust, and beginning the led delight of devouring the first
PRACTICAL TINSMITH , Shawville Que.
G. W. DALE
R. W. HODQINS,
Box 173 Shawville, Que.
In sil countries. Ask for our INVENTORS ADVISER.which will be
MAIUOX : MAimw
3*4 University
t free,
love It and love forever.
Montréal.
###PAGE###6###
«
H mid with Initiative he ordered | them tv stay on guard over the rest War bugle to hie Hpe, blew ene of Mi prize* while he led half a hundred of them a short distance back.
One Hundred and Two.
These Shall Prevail.
| and a* they ran Captain Gee killed three of them. His man swerved tha
HOW “TODGER”
WON THE V.C
way
blast- -and then
The seas answered him with ships, the earth with men.
machine gun about and held off the enemy until the command had consolidated their position. Captain Gee was found to be wounded, but refused to leave the post until satisfied that the defense was organized.
i The fifty prisoners were taken j height, Death caught his sickle up, % •inP’,e handed to a place where Tod | called his reapers grim,
i *er” was certain they could do no famine with his empty cup came after harm, and the bustling, sweating Chester man reappeared to gather in the rest. The real voices, the chatter Down the stairs of Paradise hastened
angels
A NAVVY WHO BOSK TO THE OC
CA8ION.
him
SURE OF THEIR MEAL.
winter, jack it up and fill your tires, keeping it dry.
Automobile Don't*.
Never drive where your wheels will follow on rails of a street-car track.
Never hit any crossing at any high
!
................- -	——Tzzzr- sSSSSKS ———
“Would you advise the use of kero- ^ere is a rural electric-car line in	the Trenches.	was thoroughly intimidated, and soon tre c Famine -linirs	*
k„„ „ .hi- E,„ ».	sa: zzf&szssz 2: ta...».................................................	wT",rh ^
iuad. and if rough drive slow.	^ader; “and if not, why not?"	ing one car i8 expected to wait for V.C. in sky fights and others have won there were ONE HUNDRED AND vomc mes* 01 W1,l*s
Tram your wheels—that is, see that Kerosene will cause the rubber hose another to pass. It does so; but it it on the water, hut none has won it two Germans, and these “Todgtr" when the red wrath perisheth, when your front wheels are one-fourth inch connections to rot and leak, l urther- tjoea not always proceed immediately on land through greater initiative j jealously insisted on leading back to the dulled swords fail,
Wider in rear of the centre part of the more, it does not have the cooling whcn the line is clear. The motorman’s courage than did Private Thomas Al- the lines ALONE.	These three who have walked with
wheel than the front centre. Of	properties of water, and the engine is	grandmother lives just across the road	fred Jones, of Chester, England, i “Mine!" said “Todger,’’ with just Death—these	shall	prevail.
half-inch will not make any	likely to overheat, causing the radi-	ftmj aiwaye has ready for him a de-	known now to all his countrymen at* pride, when he was asked by an officer,
freat difference. To tram, change	Htor to steam and boil. Some users	jectahie BfM| sustaining piece of pie,	“Todger" Jones. You speak of “Tod-1 whose prisoners they were, and also Hell bade	all	its	millions	rise;. Par#*
steering rod (mostly on left side) by who have tried kerosene for cooling	he devours to the last crumb. If ger" Jones in London and everybody perhaps to explain the lack of other dise sends three;
taking out your cotter pin and giving ai80 claim that it causes rust and afi ^patient passenger, as occasional- knows who he Is. Before the wav Bt>idiers {n the escort. “Todger V’( Pity, and Self-Sacrifice and Charity, it a turn around either one way or the clogged tubes. On the whole, it is an	happens, begins to growl, and then	there were precious few persons in	comrades, who had guarded the mouth	—Theodosia Garrison.
Other, depending on what your front unsatisfactory substitute for an	shouts, and then yells, and finally	Chester who even gave him a thought,	0f	the dugout while he took the first
Wheels face. By keeping your front nlcohol-and-water mixture, disagree-	c|angrSthc bell for his return, he may	aside from his family and a small	batch of men to safety, were so proud
Wheels trammed it avoids the tires able to handle, and probably injurious	hasten his luncheon, but will not aban-	circle of friends. “Todger" Jones	0f	“Todger" that they wanted him to
rom wearing on the side. Many auto if used for any length of time. | d0n and his countenance, when he was a navvy, who hoped to be some- j have all the glory.
actories do not pay enough attention	   swings aboard, will certainly wear an	thing better. A navvy is a sort of “How many of 'em are there?" ask-
t<> the above matter, the car leaving	Oil-Can Top Lets Air Out.	^grieved expression and probably a	road builder or a bricklayer, a man et] (he officer, attempting nonchal-
the factory not properly trammed.	Some days ago a tourist with a big	smear of squash or a dab of apple. I who wears a strap under each knee ance
The best remedy for finding out if “8ix“ stopped where 1 was working.	Such easy-going ways hardly, it	to keep his trousers of corduroy from
your front or rear wheels need tighten- jjis tjre wna j^wn. After he took	seems, extend to the brisker and more	dragging in the mud, a strap in which
ing, grab the top of the wheel with the tube out of the casing I expected	businesslike realm of railway travel;	he places his pipe
your right hand, the bottom with your to gee him take the core of the valve hut Mr. Julian Street has recently re- ' Mr. Jones despised his job and will-left, and jerk accordingly. Never let out to get the air out of the tube be-	]ated a parallel experience, which he	ingly enlisted at the first call of the
your wheels get loose; it ruins the fore patching it. But he didn't do	enjoyed on the journey between Mori-	country, thinking of the bob a day and
bearings and the tires, and will some- that.	dian‘and Jackson.	the fine series of fights he’d be having
times play hob with brake band. ; He found the hole and stuck the When we asked the brakemnn about over In France.
Don’t be afraid	to	fill	your	tires.	; top of a little oil can in the nail hole,	dinner, says	Mr. Street, he	told
Keep them full.	and as he pushed it in further the air	that there was a lunch room in	the
As for gasoline economy, you can't went down in a hurry. He kept this	station at Jackson; and when we reget mileage out of your car going in his repair kit for no other purpose.	m0nstrated that, according to the
30 to 45 miles an hour. Keep around Any tube that is funnel-shaped and	time-table, the stop there was of only
the 15-mile limit and it will save about an eighth of an inch at the	five minutes' duration, he replied:
you dollars yearly	small end would do as well, but the	“Well, the	conductor gets	his sup
If you don’t use your car during	the	top of a small oiler is just right
flip
course, a
THE FIGHTER’S FAITH.
!
Spiritual Atmosphere Surrounds French and English Soldiers.
Harry Lauder tells in the January American Magazine of his experience i
in France, and he says:
“I spent many days in the trenches, the rest camps, the hospitals and in the surrounding towns, and the most definite impression I carried away was concerning the spiritual atmosphere which surrounds the French and English soldiers in France. I talked with some of the jnen for hours at a time about their experiences in battle, about their thoughts of home, about their feeling toward the enemy, but the one thing I came away with, above all other impressions, was the conviction that all of these men, no matter what manner of lives they had live 1 before, now possess a calm, clear conviction that if they fall in the thick of the fight, they will pass into th^ life beyond.
That's why we take such chances,’ one man told me simply. ‘Do think for a moment that if we
“Abart a ’undred," replied “Todger.”
“Good egg,” said the officer.
And “Todger” was one of four who received the Victoria Cross some time afterward from the King.
It is probably the only instance on record where witnesses of the investi-'one ture dared to laugh. It seemed mirth making to look upon a man who had captured single handed one hundred and two Germans.
And Chester is now proud of her navvy soldier. The very roads he helped to mend and the bricks 4ie laid are precious to that city.
Zero Hour Cornea
us
Zero hour had come and the men standing to, ready to go in waves the parapet with their bombs, loaded rifles and fixed bayonets, when the dirty dawn came along. So over
went “Todger” with bullets and shells per there, anyhow. You watch him gplatter|ngi whistling and whining
and you won’t miss the train.	*bove and on the spongy earth. The
miiar
tBlilil!*
to have cleared a passage for the fu- line to attack without further serious . a man in overalls who was passing the pra1 colleagues
Biliers held up by a terrific German loss and take their objectives ! lunch-room door.	i" «We wants Ver all to come art o’
rifle fire which prevented them from But even then the colonel s us. for «Got much express to-night?"	there, wot?” he shouted down the
taking positions covering the bridge, danger was not satisfied. A little in- “Right smart heap of it, cap,” the ,	,	,	. t
From the high ground opposite the ter he led an attack against some 0^ber replied
Huns were pouring in a galling ma- shell pits from which the Huns were “Well,” said the conductor, turning
chine gun and rifle fire. All the Eng killing his men in their new positions to ug «<g0 on with your gluttony, There was no word, no sound. Sus-lishmen were under cover, replying as and single handed he killed “a large y0Uilg fellows. I’ll send and tell you picious, “Todger,” however, was not best they might. Time was precious, number” of the enemy, capturing five when we’re ready.”	‘lacking in cunning, and he next in-
fer the Hun on the ridges must be machine guns and forty-six prisoners. when he had left the roojn a man formed the silence that “they" above
gispli d before the ma	mce y»*t	Led	a	Gallant Charge.	j from our car leaned toward us.	were about to shower bombs in the	m	.	.	,
to come could take place.	1 raptain Robert Gee of the Royal “It’s all right,” he said in a confi- dugout to make sure that no Germans Mass of Bloom Has Sprung Up On that they started a propagan, a
suddenly sprang to his feet, yelling to f tack. He was in hi igadt ht a u 8,	: “Wot I thawt,” mumbled “Todger” up on the Somma—as legend says ean we have any guarantee, upon
S-llSST t	; MAKING WAR WASTE USEFUL. .« .	-
p pi-tsr £	s	!...  .. «. -%%%% xiî pzp	-1 i
lead swept across like snow in gusts, of the precious munitions. Watching Difficult Problem.	They seemed to' understand, and Names of some of the more fa- did in 1916?”
¦HBBBr'
in crossing the bridge or in the first irom wnien m	fertilizer, and the by-products are ' pointed at the mouth of the dugout, was covered with innumerable ponds.
± :...	-f» •" ; -p - ••h'"’ '•«',h*	.1 “s	;
mmt*§WMâM%&üsà ssms nmm %%%;=-
Captured Five Machine Guns. meagr'e weapons. Dodging from side gun-cotton (likewise for war use) by Unless his men got better shelter to side of the street, the two men made treating it with nitric and sulphuric they were doomed, for there was no for their enemy. Captain Gee was a acids.	-
nope in attacking the German position crack revolver shot and accounted for	II
from the frontal position. Coolly he five of the gunners before he reached , which heals becomes in the end that reconnoitred the ground, walking up- the gun. The remaining five men fled , which kills.
were
over
All That's Worth Seeing.
“You and I have seen all in the world that’s worth seeing.”—Sir Arthur Pearson to a blind officer at St. Dunstan's.
There is no sun in the sky,
The stars return no more;
No blue clouds on high,
No white waves wash the shore.
Spring comes not again,
Radiant and green;
Yet is life not in vain—
We have seen.
There is no flame in the fire,
The rose lights are out;
To beauty of heart’s desire Blackness gives rout.
Glory of golden hair,
Gone all your sheen;
Yet is your presence fair—	*
We have seen.
HOW HEROES WIN THE VICTORIA CROSS
u é
you
thought that life held nothing for uk than the earthly body we possess we would fight with such a confidence and eagerness? We would not be able to, because we would be doing everything in our power to preserve this life of ours. But seeing men die as I have seen them, I know better than to disbelieve in a future life
the
while the bullets “chinged” against the
the Germans in Daring and
Initiative.
• ft
HUNS FEAR BRITISH GAS
That's Why They Are Agitating foi Discontinuance of it.

Gen. Maurice, chief director of military operations at the British War Office, said recently:
“The Germans have recently been exerting great pressure on the Gerv eva Red Cross to put out n prbtesr against the use of poison gas. Our chemists did so well that to-day we have attained distinct superiority over the Germans both in the deadlines* of gas on the offensive and in its effectualness in our defensive measures. It was not until we won this superior-

There is no light of the day, No eve in blush,
Fading in pearl and grey, Then in the hush,
Rising an empress moon, Splendid of mien;
Still through the years a boon We have seen.
'
I
Noise for a Company
Louis J. McQuilland

our
BATTLEFIELD’S FLOWERS.

Line of Fire.
There was a chicken to be killed at the Browns but Mr. Brown, who
an axe.
"I have it,” he finally decided. “I’ll shoot it.”
So, armed with a gun, he took the chicken into the yard. Little Willie, anxious to be in at the death, follow-
Some time passed, and as neither of the missing couple had returned, little Willie’s mother began to get anxi
“Willie,” she called out, “hasn't
ed
ous
down the dugout for the men to cease	quantities of seed, sufficient to cover
coming up, and to strike the fear of	these thousands of acres, could have	Before	chopping suet flour it thor-
God into any more who might be horn-	been carried by wind or birds, and the	oughly.	,
ed in it he tossed a grenade a short	scientific explanation is that the plants
distance away and fired off a shot. To	must have grown from seed lying dor-
his joy, four other Tomtnies came his mant in the ground.
Thus that which feeds and that
Before baking apples stuff them with raisins.


y f

if iot> want ib address amIboo'/
A5? LOVE1; Nov CAN COME. HOME. AND I’LL USTEM -fa ALL TX6 PET NAMES
XOÜ MAItTO or PERU	---8
i/y
r
r

MRS. DUFF ’
i
"ThA-rs VoiM -, LOVE. [-
WUAT is the score
NOW, MR. DUFF ?

W\\

f.r
| I Murvt
pse.o akgrN


\
ï
f

*iOVE ISATEM
a
T
<k

t

USED iHKfcCIW

r
4
3
acoee, | T»ll.
0
0

r
%
Nov


5BT
i
#

4"t
\
m
>
i
/A
i
/
;
y
V-

. /
^41
z
z
St

v

>


», //,
,1

###PAGE###7###
FERTILIZER
The Asquith Family.
Mr. Asquith's family have been
_	rendering great and distinguished ser-
ONTARIO FBRTILIXBNt, LIMITED vlc#g ,n the war His third son,
WEST TORONTO • CANADA Brigadier General Arthur Asquith, is
reported to have been seriously A LITTLE FRENCH HEART. wounded in France, having received a
compound fracture of the ankle while reconnoitring a German position. He
Are Popular Wed of the Great Lakes
ROYAL
YEAST CAKES
ALMOST HELPLESS FROM RHEUMATISM

Practical
Designs
The best yeast in the world
M.xkes
perfect
S, b tod
Mr». W. J. Vak Talks of Dodd’s
Kidney Pills.
Ojly Able to Move About on Crutches—Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills Restored Activity.
Til
LI

“Madame la President#:—	¦	¦
Permit a little French heart to come has been wounded on two previous oc-and present to you bis wishes the casions, and has a splendid military most sincere. My parents join with record. At an early stage of the war “j in sending their best compliments he joined the Royal Naval Division, for the New Year, and in thanking and as a sub-lieutenant in the Anson
.	_, .. I you for your great kindness. I thank Brigade participated in the defence of
Pandora. Alta., Feb. 25th—(Special) you ^ dear 0O(1 |adie8, for the nice, Antwerp. He won his D.S.O., to —"We are never gdthout a box of	you hive put jn with the which he was recently awarded a bar.
Dodd's Kidney Plils in the house. c|otj,jng addressed to my dear Papa. His high military aptitude is betoken-That's what Mrs. W. J. Vain, a well- gvery evening in my prayers I ask ed by his rapid promotion. One of his known and highly respected resident God ^ Bpread hig blessing over you. brothers, Cyril, has also been recently of this place has to^aay of the great Recejve again Madame la President® wounded. Raymond, the ex-Premier's Canadian kidney remedy. “My bus- and M the ladiegf the beet wishes of eldest son, fell in action more than a band suffers from lumbago, and they r liule protege.—Charles Opde- year ago. He had a very promising always help him,” is the reason that beck „	career at the Bar and in politics.
Ml.” 1.11 ,0." Mr. V.l. JJJjli”T^“'b)“i.ipf.Î3Strf GIRLS!
52 - fr S El
o a U r> jad aif.K o > V | people in every part of Canada, who Make a beauty lotion for a few cents
MVBL—
and soup. If you knew how happy n<igfl disappear and how smooth, soft ¦	a ,	#
we are to have these things, for now and clear the skin becomes. Yes! It |j The Soul or ft I lftnO 1 w it is so hard to live that my poor wife ;g harmless, and the beautiful results j Action. Insist on the can never get anything nice. She will surprise you.	I	II atTA U| A jT I ¦9
A feat once performed by Bret is so happy to be near me at Calais,	_+-—	I V ¦ ¦ V	l
Harte, to the warm applause of a but unfortunately the “cochons de	mnr*» the Ire	I PIANO ACTION
brother writer, might, after all, be Boche” come often to bombard us.	„ A '	,	1	W	/
considered as the legitimate and pro- On Monday they threw a dozen bombs,	*tor‘ng a * he aa. ura	, I "*tamaBaMSS~s==^====^^£-
"4	for the byes
üsîir-st i îsiir^siTa; % sr^iyssn
In Mr. H. C. Merwin'. Inf. nf	«ta ™ j.	JSg? £	«£ &ZT SWSMSSW
,h,"kl	ON*-!,. „	»«- J
%%%%% «TüCîSiSïJrlï zzlêà]:::."or""’
body and lowered head, seems prepar- tals that they help near Calais, which ed to dispute the right of way with ig visited daily by scores of refugees, the locomotive that might shortly be The nurse in her last letter says: expected to come streaming down the “Without Canadian and American help track. There was originally no rail- we could not exist. Many hospitals way track in the picture; merely the have had to shyt down. The cost of bear. - How the deficiency was sup- living is so high and the government
plied Mark Twain explains in a letter can give us so little. Many of our	.	,
to Thomas Bailey Aldrich:	wounded are very ill, and need r,ce» f*2 ®un^es rye ,reaf ’ ,tSy ouncu”
Do you know the prettiest fancy and nourishing food. One egg costs 13 of spinach, .> ounces of apple, or
the neatest that ever shot through cents and butter and meat are $1 ounces of j&con.
a pound. Just now enormous num-When they were trying to decide bers of refugees are arriving from the upon a vignette for the cover of the North of France, in a state of exhaus-Overland a grizzly was chosen, and tion of which you can truly form no
It is specially at the begin-


She Also Telle Hew Her Oyepepels Wee Cured By Using Dodd'e Dye-pepsla Tablet».
Inflammatory rheumatism, acute rheumatleoK and rheumatic fever are different names for practically the same thing. It comes on with hardly any warning. The pain Is excruciating, and there Is a tendency of the disease to attack the heart, when It may have fatal results.
Any one who has suffered from an attack of inflammatory rheumatism knows that the usual treatment Is highly unsatisfactory. External applications of hot cloths and liniments and Internal doses of salicylates to relieve the pain are not enough, for they do not drive the poison from the blood, and the sufferer Is liable t# renewed attacks whenever exposed to cold or dampness.
To cure rheumatism so that It will stay cured the rheumatic poison In the blood must be driven out, and the blood made rich and red. When the blood Is pure there can be no rheumatism. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build
up the blood, make it rich, red and pure and In this way cure the most obstinate cases of rheumatism. Mr. George Harbottie. R. R. Ne. 1, Fever-sham. Ont., is one whose cure through the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills is most striking. His mother gives the particulars of his attack aud cure as follows:—Some years ago while my son was working as a blacksmith in a Michigan lumber camp he was attacked with rheumatic fever. He was at
once taken to a hospital at Marsenett, and was there under medical treatment for four months with but little or no relief. He then decided to go to Mount Clem mens, where he took the bathe for three weeks, but did not And any benefit from them. By this time he felt that his case/was hope and decided When he reached home he could only move around by the use of a crutch and a cane. One knee was so" stiff that he could not bend It, and most of his joints were swollen out of shape. He could neither drees nor undress himself and had to be helped like a child. 1 urged him to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and Anally he consented to do so. He had only been taking the pills a few weeks when he could limp about, without the crutch, and his appetite greatly improved. This gave him new courage and as he continued the use of the pills he showed constant improvement, and was able to walk about outside. He continued* to use the pills for some four months, by which time every symptom of the trouble had disappeared, and he went to his work in Michigan a cured man. His case was well known to the neighbors around here and his cure was lookïd upon as marvelous, for everyone thought (hat at the best he was doomed to be a rheumatic cripple.
It Is because they have made such wonderful cures as Mr. Harbottie's that Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills have a world wide reputation, and are the only medicine used In thousands and thousands of homes. You can get these pills through any medicine dealer or by mail at 50 cents a vox or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co , BrockvlIk , Ont.
r\N
me

MADE
#um C0MWIY
¦ Jowomo. OM*
IN
CANADA
\
EW.GILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
TORONTO. ONT
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
Where crops are rotated, neither fungus nor insects gain headway on the farm.
WHITEN SKIN
WITH LEMON JUICE
EKKLY NEWSPAPER IN WE8r-ern Ontario. Dvina a food busl-Death of uwni-r places It on the A great chance for a man with Apply Box 82. Wilson Publishing Limited. Toronto.
W
Made for work or play are these little-overalls for the little boy. McCall Pattern No. 7824, Boy’s Overalls, in it sixes, 4 to 14 years. Price, 16 cents.
ness.
market
cash
1*7 ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER
fr and job printing Pi**1!
Ontario. Insurance carried $1,500. will go for $1,200 on quick sale. Box Wilson Publishing Co . Ltd.. Toronto
V
TUMORS. LUMPS. BTC.* and external, cured with-
Wrlt#
“LINES”—TO A BEAR
ii
10,
I
mm
How the Drawing of Two Simple Lines Altered the Picture.
frW 5 lit Sin tll*J^=IH=i
c
W5
fliisiiisiiisW
All El* 5111 = 11)4
HfS ill 5 HI S II AlIlÇ III S 11/ H H*1® XS IMS III «IMS»
F III H III 5 il 5 I
return home
'Mail »«*?#*
511 5 III 2 Vi f |H I, :U i III 5 Ml 5Ml r,
5ipii
III H'il E Ul * Ü
iief
iSiüii
sihiülls
lip'll
A
llurte.
Tlie cover of the Overland was adorned with the historic grizzly bear
A Cure for
Bad Breath
i
“Bad breath me a sign of decayed teeth, foul stomach or unclean bowel.” If your teeth m e good, look to your digestive organs at once. Get Selff !*• Curative Syrap At druggists. 15 to 30 drops efter meals, clean up your food passage And stop the b*d breath odor. 50c* and $1.00 Bottles. Do not buy substitutes. Get the genuine.
A Word For The Peanut
The peanut is a substantial food, a wholesome, palatable food, declare the people who knew. Six ounces of shelled peanuts equal 2 1-3 ounces of beefsteak, 5 ounces of codfish, 1 ounce
Ill

!
6
III
N
H aria's brain? It was this
Mansonville, June 27, *13. Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited. Yarmouth, N. S.
Gentlemen,—It affords me great pleasure and must be gratifying to to know that after using 36
The cover-all apron is a joy to the	the page was printed with him on it.	idea
Pattern No.	As a bear he was a success—he was a	ning that these families need help,
6920, Ladies’ and Misses’ One-Piece	good bear. But then, it was objected,,	when they are so weakened, and de-	you
Apron. In 3 sizes, small, medium	he was an objectless bear—a bear that ^moralized. It is a question of ma-	bottles of your Liniment on a case	of
and large. Price, 10 cents. •	meant nothing in particular—simply	terial help to revive their morale, be-	paralysis which my father was afflict-
'nnttornft’ m»v hr obtained	stood there snarling over his shoulder	cause Lfter a time they pick up won-	ed with, I was able to restore him	to
,	Inpol	Hp»lrr or at nothing—and was painfully and derfully, and in a few months gather normal condition. Hoping other suf-
c	V’n 70 Rond St manifestly a boorish and ill-natured together a little home less sad. All the ferers may be benefited by the use of
T° CDeot W	; intruder upon the page. All hands second-hand clothing you send, which your Liniment, I am,
10	» ^ZL * ——	j said thas—no one was quite satisfied, is so good, finds owners immedi-
; They hated badly to give him up, and ately.”
yet they didn’t like to have him there The “Friends of France” is an in, when there was no real point to him., corporated society under the War
iff!
V
housewife
McCall
v
Sincerely yours,
GEO. H. HOLMES

?
STORMY WEATHER , _ _
»	n	Presently Harte took a pencil and Charities Act. Its headquarters are
HARll (IN K AK Y	drew tw.° 8imPle ,ine* under his feet,	216 Poplar Plains Rd.,	Toronto, and
11/1111/ Vli l/m/ I	and behold! he was a magnificent sue-	th. President, Mrs. Wells, will gladly
- v	cess. The ancient symbol of Califor- receive and acknowledge gifts in
The stormy, blustery weather which	nian savagery snarling at the ap-	money or kind, such as	clothing, food
have during February and March	preaching type of high and progrès- ( and hospital supplies.
Is extremely hard on children. Con- give civilization, the first overland lo-, dltlons make it necessary for the mot- comotive! I think that was nothing to keep them in the	less than
often confined to overheated, bad-	$	1	Cause for Suspicion.	! On the farm the automobile is dis-
ly ventilated rooms and catch colds	Newton had just discovered why	when the train, with	a tremendous	tinctly	a	business	necessity,	for	a
which rack their whole system. To	. the apple<fell. ^ But, cried 1 le-anxii us	cragh> came a fun	stop between	farmer, unlike	the	city	man, can not
guard against this a box of Baby s , office-seeker, why doesn’t the pi m stations, a worried-looking man stop- jump on a trolley when he wants to
Own Tablets should be kept in the . fall? house and an occasional dose given ===== the baby to keep his stomach and bowels working regularly. This will not fail to break up colds and keep iwsr.fz.Æ
the health of the baby in good condition till the brighter days come along.
The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co.,
Brockville* Ont.
Sap Running Beguis Soon.
The first run of Canadian maple sap begins down in Essex County, On-
i
Carlo, generally about March 20. Gra-	j	1 I. 1 •
dually the warm weather works north l/3.DCirUll BDCl llClllB§
east and the season ends up in Quebec jhe Cause of Falling Hair when the leaves break the buds.
Crows and Foxes.
Although crows build their nests in trees where no fox can climb, and although (hey can escape from any fox by flying, they, for some reason, seem to have a mortal antipathy to foxes, and every time they see one they lose no opportunity to harrass it.	—' ,
According to an experienced hunter apd naturalist of Bangor, Maine, the best time to observe the malice of the crow against the fox is on a cold day in early winter, when the hounds follow a trail without touching their noses to the ground. If there are any crows about, they can be relied upon to show where the fox is running.
On such occasions, says the hunter, I have seen crows watch for running foxes for hours. As soon as a fox emerged frony the thick woods every bird would hover over the running beast and peck at it with every evidence of bitter hatred. Several fox hunters that I knpw make a practice of following the crows when foxes are roaming the back lots.
we
Rub spots of dandruff and itching with Cuticura Ointment, next morning shampoo with Cuticura Soap and hot water. Rinse with tepid water. Trial free. These fragrant, supcr-crearny emollients clear the complexion of pimples, redness and roughness, cleanse the scalp, prevent falling hair and soften the hands. The Soap to cleanse and purify, the Ointment to soothe and heal.
UmpXm adtlrew poet-esrd: • CetUir* Depi. 4, w, US. A." ttutd throughout the world.
Minard’s Liniment Cures Garget la Cows
Mlnard’s Liniment Cures Dlnhtherla.


are
was running see a customer or buy a tube of shav-
He doesn’t buy a car merely for the sake of seeing the wheels go ’round—he really needs it
ped a brakeman who ¦
down the track and demanded to know ing cream the worst.	x
“What is it? An accidept?”
“Some one pulled the communication in his everyday farming life cord,” was the reply. “The engineer put on the brakes too quickly, and one of the cars left the rails. It will take us four hours to clear the line.” /
“Four hours!” exclaimed the pas-“But I’m to be married to-
i
r.r
rw.

HOW MRS. BOYD AVOIDED AN OPERATION
can

7 HOURS

•o
*¦*1
WOMEN! IT IS MAGIC I
LIFT OUT ANY CORN
?l

Apply a few drops then lift corns or calluses off with - Angers—no pain.
senger
I
The brakeman turned on him with
“Look here,” he

Get Out Your Sap Buckets
Canton, Ohio.—"I suffered from % female trouble which caused me much
suffering, and two doctors decided that 1 would have to go through operation before 1
___________could get well. •
A Cincinnati man di* I 1 —I " My mother, w!ie
pr ppQ	fcffi	Bûr
freezone. Any drug- j	I	JR Vki*J	pound, advised me
gist will sell a tiny bot- 1 !aW Bto try i t before subtle of freezone, like here i	mitting to an opera-
shown, for very little # U* - *v ¦ tion. It relieved me cost. You apply a few	*	.	from my trouble.
disappears, then short-	pound a trial and It will do as much for
1y you will And the corn them.M—Mrs. Marie Boyd, 1421 6th callus so loose that i St, N. E., Canton, Ohio.
Sometimes there are serious conditions where a hospital operation is the only alternative, but on the other hand , so many women have been cured by this famous root and herb remedy, Lydia E. Plnkham’s Vegetable Compound, after doctors have said that an operation was
— •vary woman who wants to avoid'an operation should give It a
--------------- ..	. .. , fair trial before submitting to such a
as well as painful calluses, lift right trying ordeal
off There is no pain before or after if complications exist, write to Lydia
"t„., j; wc jsue
tie for you from his wholesale drug l
house.	1
Farmers and others who have maple sugar outfits, even if they have not been in use for years, should put them to work this year. There is a sugar shortage, and Canadian maple trees should be made to produce to the
So even if you haven’t
suspicion
demanded, “you aren’t the man who pulled that cord, are you?”
Just think! You can lift off any com or callus without pain or sore-
U'ttf new.
A Baked Cereal Food
4

an
$
Baby of Mine.
Just a wee thing with a dainty air, And a shining mop of golden hair, With eyes so soft and wistful, too, That they bruise and hurt the heart of you.
Warm little hands that seek and cling And make you love this baby thing. Dear tittle head against your breast Cuddling there like a bird in its nest, Fragrant lips as cool and sweet As a budding rose in the summer
heat—	,
But I open my eyes—and smile -and sigh—
Baby of mine—the dream’s gone by!
—Elinor Maxwell.
Miiiard's Liniment Curse Colds. Btc.
maximum
the most up-to-date equipment, tap all the trees you can and make the most of ttie facilities you have on
hand
all the maple sugar and syrup produced.
Different from the usual run of toasted or steam* cooked cereals,'
At Last.
He had been going from church to church trying to find a congenial congregation, and finally on Christmas Eve he stepped into a little church just as the congregation read with the
minister;	,
“We have left undone those things whfcn we ought to have done, and we have done those things which we ought not to have done.”
The man dropped into the nearest pew with a sigh of relief.
“Thank goodness,” he said, ‘I’ve found my crowd at last.'
In feeding cattle this winter use a maximum of roughage and a minimum of concentrates like this high finish may not be most
profitable.	, -,	.
# _______________ ______———
There’ll be a good market for
Grape-Nuts
INR Granulated Eyelids^
rssssggf
your Bye* and in Baby s Eye*.
ia baked in giant ovens— baked for nearly twenty hours under accurate conditions of heat, so that the whole wheat and malted barley flours may develop their full, rich sweetness.
You don't need sugar on Grape-Nut#.
R LYUN.Sautiw. J"* Ey.CwUrt
»=S'J&&bb&
Ci» laudr Ce.. CUeassi


or
you can lift it right off.
Freezone Is wonderful. It dries instantly. It doesn’t eat away the or callus, but shrivels it up without irritating the grounding skin.
i'

t
The Ship of State.
In spite of rock and tempest's roar,
In spite of false lights on the shore, Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea! Our hearts, our hopes, are all with
thee,	x
Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears,.
Our faith triumphant o'er our fears, Are all with thee,—are all with thee!

Every shovelful of coal you waste lowers the efficiency of the man on the firing line, lowers the temperature of the cantonments, reduces the speed of the submarine destroyers, diminishes the forte of the projectile and elackens the speed of the munition plant.	* I '
Whether it is a hotne or merely a house depends upon the folks who lire
there.	,	,	.
In a time
even
t
Shur-Gdin
unn
“There's a Reason* '
Ivrt il 1
###PAGE###8###

T
A mat vu r» don’t U y tudde your kodaks during the winter* there are lot» of in-tort1 at mg pictures can tic made to send to the boys at the front. Î finishing a sj sciait y.
The ShawYille Bool anil Sloe Store
Amateur
N
/
Il IMIâuN,
Dealer in Kodaks and Snppllw

2
*
•fi
J
QUALITY

11
The Red Cross liner Florîeel was wreck et l off the eon<t of Neivfound-In ml last Monday, with a loss iof U2 lives. Forty-four persons wore rescued.
The hospital ship Glenart Castle, outward bound was sunk in tlm Hristol Clmnnel last Tuesday. The number of persons on bonnl was
200, of whom M were rescued by an American destroyer. The others who took to the life boat», nre missing.
À


y
\
rpi

l'i K
î:"l

y
w


LJr
m
\

Is first, last, and all the time the important consideration in
li
j
7,


%

A
OUR SHOES

>4
&
See them—it is discovered Wear them— it is experienced.

Your family, friend* And business a*
A nice
hocmtv* want your jiortrait. range <*f folders to choose from
H. IftlHON, Artist in Portraiture
à
2
m

Always the Biggest Possible Values 4 4 for the Least Money at ? ? Our Up-to-date Shoe Store.
_ #
Replace Your Buggy
With a Ford ,
îMïâ&
NOTICE.
Province of Quebec, I District of Pontifie,!
A session of the Court of King’s Bench, having criminal jurisdiction in the 8aiu Province, will be held at the court house in the village ot Bryson, in the said district ol* Pontiac, on the Ninth day of April next, 11>18, at ten o'clock in the forenoon ; in consequence we notify and warn ill Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, Coroners, Constables, HailitTs and other ministers of justice, in the sad district, whose duty it may be to attend the Court of King s Bench, to be then and there in their proper person, to do those things which may be ordered them to do.
BERN CRD .1. SLOAN,
Sheriff
Good Shoes for
EVERYBODY
ORE than 100,000 Fords are owned by people in Canada in preference to the old horse-drawn buggy and other makes of cars.
Your neighbors, and farmers in every section of the Dominion are abandoning their old buggies—selling their driving horses and buying Fords.
Ford cars are utility cars. They are built to endure the strain of constant daily use over rough roads.
These are the tests every farmer gives his car. The Ford meets them in a satisfactory manner. It is the farmer’s car, so why not replace your horse and buggy with a Ford?
M
in the most complete assortments at all times. The authentic styles and unsurpassed values in all kinds of Footwear are
FOUND HERE.
i
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Sheriff’s I >flice, Bryson. March 2nd, 191S,
Local and District. It has been found that the
; charge previously stipulated (23c)
| for the forwarding of correspondence from Canada to enemy and enemy occupied territory through the medium of Thos. Cook & Son,
Montreal, does not cover the oo*t< of such trausmi-sion, and in future the charge for forwarding such correspondence will lx* 85e |H?r letter.
This amount i< to be remitted by means of a Postal Note, together with the letter which i- to i be forwarded
Son, .'>*) St. Catharine Street West.
Montreal, in accordance with the instructions which may be ob-1 breckenridge tained on application from Thus.
Cook & Sou.
All enquiries on this subject arc to be made to Thos. Cook & Son,
St. Catharine Street West,
Montreal, who will furnish a copy of the regulations to be observed in >einling such correspondence.
When writing Thos Cook & Son a stamped addressed envelope must be enclosed if a reply is desired.
Too much attention cannot be paid to the regulations governing this correspondence, as any item which contravenes these regulations in any wa transmitted. R. < put y Postmaster General
INSURANCE
HOCKEY.
Junior Team Captures Big Game.
Our junior hockey team han led out a surprise to the public on Friday evening last that was cm ta inly most unexpected, when the lads trimmed to a finish a six man team from West boro, led by no less a hockey celebrity than the veteran Fred Lake, who a few years ago formed a part of the champion Ottawa's defence, when that team was at its best. Fred, it is true, had no intention of being in the game, but the backing down of some of his squad at the last minute, forced him into harness, in order to save the situation, and then, even, it was only to make up a six-man team, a ^ ta te of things the juniors had to fall in with.
As the visiting team uere all past the juvenile stage, it looked as if the youngsters were in for the trimming of their lives, but, singular to relate, tilings developed differently, with the result that the end of the final period saw the “Highland Park team-as the visitors styled themselves, smoother ed under a score of 11 3.
By period* the
as follows
Runabout • $575 Touring • • $595 Coupe • • $770 Sedan • • • $970 Chassis - • $5
AT THF. LOWEST RATES IN
35
HIE OLDEST AND REST
THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-Ion Truck $750
F. 0. B. FORD, ONT.
COMPAN IBS.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Dealers - Shawville.
Shawville Motor Co.
to TJlO*. Cook Am Call or write for Rate* and Particulars
E. FAR IS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
ACT TODAY
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Your Life, Your Health, Your Buildings
May be in DANGER !	f ~
Confederation Life Association, old and reliable
London Guarantee, Fire and Automobile
Globe Indemnity Co. Accident and Health Insurance
B G. ANDERSON - General Insurance Agency,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
\
will not be Coulter. De-
M
a we was run in
Visitors 1
1st period Juniors 2 2nd “	4	4
l
Custom Sawing.
Deaths
n
1
bel
Young Men
I
nil
4
Dr. A. U. Hanna, member of Parliament for the amalgamated ridings of North and South Lanark. died suddenly at hi-Perth last Wednesday from heart failure.
;
u
Financial Statement of Y arm Knitting Circle. August 1917 - February 1918
*27.25 received for purchasing yarn and other materials.
41 pair sock*, 4 pair wristlet* ; also 16 boxes |tacked and forwarded to Soldier» overseas, valued at $30, $8,03 of that sum being contributed by the people of Ladysmith.
Donations to Christinas parcels were as follows :—
1 dozen fruit cakes, 1 doz. candles, 1 doz. handkerchiefs, 1 doz. writing pads, 1 doz. pegs, gum, 1 doz. pegs, buttons, 1 doz. jiencils, 1 doz. tins sardines, I doz. tins coffee, 22 pairs shoe laces, 1 tins peanut butter, 2 boxes tooth paste, 14 cakes soap, 10 note books, 25 lbs. candy, nuts, etc.
P. 8.—Letters of thanks and appreciation have been received from eight soldiers to whom parcels were sent.
Hairiett A. Elliott,
Secy Knitting Circle.
FOR SALE
A good Mzed crowd witnessed the game, which was handled very creditably by Hilton Findlay, of Simwville’s one-time league t lmm-
A committee of the young ladies served coffee and cuke in the Indies dressing room ; but knowledge ot the fact was not as widely known it should have been to ensure
the success merited.
In this connection, it may be stated that other ladies similarly entertained at the rink on Saturday evening, when a large crowd was in attendance.
home in
1 Massey Harris Hinder 1 Huy Loader 1 Disk Harrow
1 set Double Driving Hnrne**
1 Cream Separator 1 Range
1 Sewing Machine 1 Lawn Mower
MRS. JAS. WILSON.
Shawville

get your
The death occurred at We-t-boro on the 28th Febinary, of Mrs. Liu Mina Smith, widow of the late C. A Smith, and sister of Mr. Donald MrRae of this village. Mrs. Smith passed away at the home of her son Percy aged 72 years* She and her late husband were residents of Shawville years ago, and will be remembered by many of our older citizens.
Spring Furnishings
as
which the venturi
87-1
FOR SALE
1 stuck of Clover Hay,
1 «pan Horses, about 2800 lbs., young and sound;
1 Holstein Bull, (reg.) rising 2 years; 50 White Leghorn Hens,
1 McCormick Seeder, (14 disc) a a good as new seed potatoes R. R. No. 1, Shaw ville
at our store. You will need a
Premier Brewster of British Columbia is dead. He contracted pneumonia while on the way home from attending the conference of Provincial Premiers held in Ottawa recently, and was obliged to enter a hospital at Calgary, where he |>assed away on Saturday. He was only 48 years of age.
Switch On
A dairyman who practices cow testing wrote recently, I have just sold a grade cow for three times what she cost me three years ago : I could not have sold her had I not kept records
Another letter reads, “1 lease send me more record forms for twelve cows, my best cow made one hundred and seventeen dollars profit over her feed cost last year.
A typical letter runs, “1 would like you to send me forms for daily weights for twenty cows. we have weighed each cow's milk for throe years and would not care to go back to the guess work system again."
Such letters come frequently the Dairy Branch at Ottawa ii men who believe in cow testing, they know that it pays to weigh <1 sample each cow’s milk, they ¦ :r* the right track to increased yields, lower expenses, larger profits.
To continue dairying without individual cow records, but with only the unsatisfactory “average of the herd, is simply to remain on the switch instead of being on the main double track of progress and rôtit. Don't let insufficient cow now ledge switch you off. Record forms for milk and feed can be ob tained free on application to Ot tnwa. Switch on to the double track.—Dairy Branch, Ottawa.
also a quantity of good HUGH BROWNLEE,
Light Overcoat A New Suit
A Hat, Cap Ties, Collars Shirts, etc.
ARCHIE DOVER
FOR SALE
A quantity of Banner Oat*, Marquis Wheat, Arthur Peas Flax.
1 M. H. Binder, New Disc Harrow, i Waggon,
40 Barred Rock Hens,
Incubator and Brooders,
Span Black Mares, (about 2800 lbs), And other articles.
Wedding Bells
Mr. and Mm. Ja< McLaruon, of Clarendon, received the sail intelligence recently that their eldest son, Robert, met his death by drowning at Tomico, Mexico, on Jany 4th, 1018. The message came to a chum of deceased in Wisconsin, V. S., and lay in the |*>st office some time, and finally was forwarded here only a short time ago. No further particulars have yet been received. The lute Robert McLaruon, who was only 28 years of age, besides father and mother, leaves to mourn his loss three sisters and one brother.
Somerville - Dale.
At the home of Mr. aud Mrs. A. Anderson, 1248 Bae street, Regina, on Feb. 22nd, at the hour of 8.30, p. m., by the Rev. Mr. Lewis, the quiet but pretty wedding took place of Daisy Lillian, second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Dale, of Lower Litchfield, to Thos. W., son of George, and the late Mrs.* Somerville, formerly of Winnipeg,
The bride was attired in a pretty gown of white silk crepe-de-chenc and attended by her sister, Margrete C. Dale, who also was attired in a gown of white silk crepe-dc-chene.
After the ceremony and congratulations were over, the young ooupb and guests partook of a dainty buffet supper, after which the young couple left for their home in Prince George, B. C.
Mr. and Mrs. Somerville received a number of useful gifts, showing the high esteem in which they are held.
All join in wishing them a prosperous journey through life.—Co*. .
New set Sleigh*s
NELLIS HUDGINS,
Shawville
to

t
Fop Sale
1 set Double Harness, with or with out breteben.
1 Waggon, good, heavy.
1 M. H. Binder, ft-foot rut.
1 Mare, 4 years old.
A nply or phone to
ANSON MURPHY,
R. Ib No. 2, Shawville
811
are on
was
Mrs. J. C. Williams ivceiveil a
«- oi-
telegram yesterday afternoon ¦
veying the sad intelligence of the
death of her eldest brother, Mr. Wallace Ma goon. The death call was sudden and took place at his home in Park River, North Dakota. The late Mr. Ma goon was a former resident of Quyon, Quebec, and
of our e. Feb-
For Sale.
A registered Shorthorn Durham Bull For,„rtieu,.re.Ppjt,D«»rARi)DALE
R R No. 1, Sbawyille
l
will be known to many reader**.—A i n prior Chronic! i uary 22nd.

