###PAGE###1###
4
No, 31, 36th Year
8HAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, CjlJE., IHl RhDAY, JAM ARY 24, 1V1«
«1.00 A YEAk 1k AIlVAM'E,
Tlie Merchants Ban\ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
THE
ESTABLISHED 1874
BANK
Eet*Ui»M 1864
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OFFICES :
PRESIDENT .. .. Sir IL Montagu Allan, C. V. O, VICE-PRESIDENT .. .. K. W. Blackwell. MANAGING DIRECTOR	K. K. Hkbden.
GEN. MANAGER .. .. D. C. Mac a row.
OF
4,750,000
OTTAWA
In Canada,
tH Branch

Programme for the New Tear
- Hardware and Groceries -
Paid up Capital..................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits ..
Total Assets
236 Branches and Agencies in Canada
WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
tor the convenience of our customer* it has been decided to keep on hand cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 c heques, on which the 2c. war stamp has been attached. The becks may be had by simply paying the price of the stamps so affixed.
CALENDARS—Owing to the scarcity of calendars In this vicinity, we have ordered an extra supply. We are keeping one for you.
$7,000,000 7,421,2952 . 121,130,558
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
J
John B Fraser, Vice President. Alexander Maclaren,
M. J. O'Brien,
Hon. Sir George H Perley.
E. C. Whitney.
Asst. General Manager :
H. V.Cann.
• Chief Insptctor.
A bank well equipped to serve the publie : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
Hon. George Bryson, President Bussell Blackburn,
81: George Burn,
Sir Henry K Egan,
Hon .Gecrge Gordon,
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Du this .	.
• *
e #
# #
The same carefully selected stock The same well assorted stock The same reasonable prices The same high class goods The same good service The same square deal.
Branches at Shawville and Qnyon w. r. DRUM
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
Amateurs don’t lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures can be made to send to the boys the frontggÊÈgg finishing a specialty.
Manager, BhawvllU
Manager, Quyon.
H. Imison, Artist in Portraiture
Amateur
Now that the holidays are over,
let us get to business.
.
H. ÎM1SON,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies
“Canadas Best"
U ENRY’S
” SCHOOL
Ottawa. Ont.
E3T Special—15 pairs men’s box calf boots, Blucher cut, Goodyear welt. Regular price $6.50 ; to clear at $4.45. These are a snap, as they could not be taught today for less than $6.00.
P. E. Smiley.
m
COWLING
Births
J. H. SHAW.
m
At Ladysmith, Que., Wed ne# day, Jan. Oth, to Mr. and Mrs. J. J Knipe, a daughter.
At Beach burg, Ont., on January 11th, 1918, to Rev. John and Mrs. Burst, a son.
At Broadview Farm, Clarendon, I* " on January 18th, to Mr. and Mrs Hudgins, a son
awa.onT
Our instruction I* Individual, and the school I* open duilng the entire year ; you may therefore tart at any time Our ratea ar«* $10 per month ; do not par a cent more.
More than WO students from other local collegia have in the past joined our class | L Names and addresses are available. Students are assisted to positions.
We are HEADQUARTERS for Shorthand. Typewriting. Penmanship. Spelling. English. Correspondence Send for circular.
The Shawville H. M. Club will meet At the home of Mrs. W. B. Maitland on Thursday evening of this week.
Has proved Itself to be Canada’s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools In Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl lugs Advocate.
W. A. HODGINS
Reader# of The Equity who suffer from rheumatism, kidney or stomach trouble, will be interested in testimonial# published in another column which Mr. W. F. Ritchie, Renfrew, has received from user# of hi# Victory Rheu malic aud Jtidney Cure.
VV. D
etc
SHAWVILLE
PERSONAL MENTION
D. K. HENRY, Prrhidint. Cor. Bank and Snarks Sts.
W. E. Cowling, H.G. W, Bbaithwait . President
Principal
Æfisï sawaj	‘)rRtp=nt
from Feby 5th to 8th inclusive. Mins Potters, of Ottawa, was the Practical instruction. No fees. Kuest of Mrs. Thoe Shore, over the Reduced railway rates. Good no I week-end
These advantages
MID-WINTER
BARGAINS.
EXPERIENCE
Deaths
VS
.	. Mrs. H. A. Carlson.
Prepare the usual exhibit* for M?.	^
IfaSS £S£=SS BSiStiSBB
^rr^kmm ###:!
Pontiac Wool Growers’As# u is to Mr. A. G. Brough, of London, a striking picture of bright, vigor- able anywhere.
lie held ill Hynes’ hall in this vill- Ont., arrived Saturday evening on pus young womanhood. At this Last year oui increase was 45%. This age on Tuesday. Jany 29th. Every- a short visit to 8haw ville friends, writing The Equity has received year to date Is even better. Still Employ-
ssâfeÉasi sSSSsSs Ness^e
sâaT» — —
The Sunshine Club of Starks Mrs. vreer, m Unslow.	let it suffice that we offer to the A position for every Willis Graduate
Admission 2:> and 15 cents.	Mr. James A. McDowell, of Me- all needed comfort and con sola-
If iu etofwi that rt tinAf-ml ivilifA Coid, Sask., who has been here for tion, with strength to bear up
will be entrusted with the w ork of llth inste	|	---
rounding up deserters under the The following ladies of this com-WÊÊÊÊBBÊÊ Military Service Act. Kvei v ljart munity went to Macdonald College of the Dominion will be looked on Monday, to attend the Short after, according to the official an- Courses which are being held there nouncement.	this week :-Mi> R. J. Wilson,
Got the Smokes.—Tobacco pur- Mrs. Roy Macfarlane, Miss Jennie formerly ot Slmwville, have ic-chased with a contribution sent by Armstrong, Mrs. Draper and Mrs. ceived the news ot the marriage
Sty Ïd %UlT% Ttl*e hold*.	M ethod S S‘JUM^ild^eftfiu hom?’in
thanks of him Jlf and comn,den. Church lecture hall on Thursday, Vancouver B. 0„ three years ago,
aroreciated*by all*	"	Dvr"5ndM™.
appreciated uy all	--«---- *|de at Lenharo, England, where Wyman. Que.
A two-day session of the Appeals	.. he is first driver of the Lenham
Tribunal, under the Military Ser- r*rmere Wee* Program at Hospital Ambulttiice.-Coil vice Act, was held here on Thurs-	Macdonald College,
day and Friday last, by His Honor,	,
Mr. Justice Weir, Superior Court The lectures and demonstrations
Judge for the District of Pontiac, arranged by the Animal and IB ¦	B	L BB ¦
Ex-Mayor Charles Hopewell, of Cereal Husbandry Departments Beech g rove, P. Q., was the scene | or this office Ottawa, and Major Cloutbier of for Farmers’Week-February 12th of a very pretty wedding
Hull were m attendance on behalf to 15th, inclusive have a special January 18th. when Clara Mae. DOG LOST—Strayed from the prembtes
present In the Interest of quite a for as never before and special which took place at 8 o clock, was [received. Thos. Wall, Radford. 30-2 number of the claimants for ex- emphasis is bem% given them. A conducted by Rev. M. W Natigh-
emption. As the great majority marked increase in these |>nshirt,» ton, Rector of Onslow. The bride, LOST-On either Main Street, Shaw-
mmm.
exceptions, however, where the Crop Rotations. Potato Growing, picture hat to mutch. The groom Shawville post office.
grounds for appeal were not con- Stock Feeding, Horses and Horse whs attended by Mr. Harold Poole, -
sidered sufficient, * Appeals were Judging, Farm Management and brother of the bride. After the also taken from the ruling of the many others of equal interest and ceremony breakfast was served,
judge in the case of artisans, who importance.	after which the young couple left Several fine Plymouth Rock Cockerels
are not food producers, on the Special rate# have been arranged cm * honeymoon to Montreal and for wle- Macdonald College Stock-prise ground that they are not entitled with the Railway Companies and other points. They will return to birds, for binding ma to exemption. About fifty appeals excellent arrangements for accom Beechgruve about the end of the	WMe
were disposed of, but a few re-1 modal ion are Mug made All week, when, a reception will be mained on Friday evening, which th ^ who can attend will find held at the home of the bride's
p when the appaal awaiting them a hearty welcome parenta, after which they will go Id at Cou longe and |«nd discussion# of more than usual to Boston where they will reside.—
I interest and value.	Cow.
EXPERIMENT.
com modation are worthy of consideration
fair
\
Girls’ 35c. Underwear
Shirts only. We are overstocked in this line and will sell one doz. of each size (2 to 14 years) at 25c. each. This line will be 50c.
next season.
r
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Ladles’ Cloth Jackets
$5.00 each.
Mamagee
552 St. Catherine West
McDonald—Clkal.
Mi and Mrs. Alex. McDonald,
Ladles’ Fur Caps-half price
.UPTOWN 4982
Near Stanley St-
MONTREAL, QUE.
Flannelettes at 1917 prices
for the montn only (January)
FOR SALE — PresMed bay and good prensed oaU straw. Apply to H. T. McDowell, Shaw ville
31-1
STOCK-TAKING, FEBRUARY l.-We are
carefully going through our stock of Dry Goods and Remnant Bargains will be plentiful for some time.
6 only Men’s Grey Coat Sweaters at
$1.00 each.
ROBE LOST—On Wednesday night. Jan. 9, between Shnwville and Yarm. a new reversible plumb robe—black and grey. Finder will much oblige by leaving The residence of Mr. John Poole, same at the Methodist Parsonage, Yarm
Clark—Poole
on
10 per cent off all Overcoats.
PLYMOUTH ROCK COCKERELS
W. A. HODGINS
A. HODGINS
Shawville
M KMORIAL CARDS. — A new stock of very ne»»t ones at this office — several designs.
are to come 11 courts aia he Quyou next month

37
###PAGE###2###

X

B ENGINEER IS JACK
OF ALL TRADES

2
ITCHENER’S

4
I wish there was a
1

Walker
\
i
i
M
V
i
• • fc m
1 I

House

i

HUNDRED TUNNELS BORED THROUGH RIDGE.
IL

1

in every little town
ff iTT	I* "*J»v X»n*
Jas. Norman Hall*
WAR AND FOOD SERIES, No. IV.—WHEAT.
Canada is pre-eminently a land of The people of the United States ami wheat. Her fields of waving grain Canada are asked to liberate one have become symbolic in all parts of fifth of their normal supply of wheat the world. She is a wheat exporting #r »ur to make up part	pes
deficiency.
crack? crack? of small arms now ' aÇs	.	, .	. , Xt During my intimacy with the Engin-. country
mi	mmm *1*1
direction. Alt along the way we had Ml ba<*	JJlu* wound	1 One engineer said: I hadn ta steeV upon the North American continent
-b'jsl , »—%	r,
PPwv arrived at our trench where brst night m the trenches was" e j construction teams had their trap Pour twelve quarts of soft boiling and entertainment, with suggest lo s ermng wi met the Gloucester».	Vvr> tost importance. n‘ a	Mblown up ahead of them by the for- water on two and one-half pounds of for parties ot all kinds, pasted or pa^ag^8
I here isn't one of us who has n't respect oi oui	,	, news. ward patrols of the Germans. These unslaked lime. Dissolve live pounds copied on the cards. b or'the receipts ga|v 0f 8uch products in original pack-
ÈSiB'ÉiÜE.ri	EiEHHHEra	sis : SHBUySS ^ S3Ë&5S:
trench tradition. We were, at best, marksman: he would not stand up to unteered to drive back the Huns. They clear fluid, and be careful not to allow comes in, and occasionally go through ^ consumer were out of due probut amateur Tommies In them 1 the bayonet: whenever opportunity of- saw 8ome very hard lighting as a re- any of the sediment to run off. Boil the file to take out the old papers. portion to the cost of the raw material, recognized the lineal, descendants of fered he crept over and gave himself suH/.	three and one-half pounds of clean 1 like the system especially because hng kept the price 0f BUCh packages
the Atkins; men whusq grandfathers UP: he was poorly i« l and clothed hiu Qne 0f the engineers told me that grease and four ounces of rosin in the * can destroy a card osaily when it is from advancing, despite the increase had fought in the Crimea, and whose was 50 xvear>’ <V th® wJ' ™?lf b " this surprise was the most dangerous above lye. Boil until all the grease no longer wanted, without spoiling the *n lhe cost of moHt Qf the cereals in fathers in Indian mutinies. They ^ers ha<l t0 <lr*x V ni’ We experience he ever had.	! disappears. Pour into molds, and let other records, and Hie cabinet is al- bu]k There van be no doubt that had
Lnd ?j£ugugh?” more onTfe tTought him almost be^ih'con tempt. '	A Hundred Tunnels.	stand one day to harden. Then cut in ; ways neat and in its place.	it not been for the attitude taken by
in the trenches, in tuentv-four hours, We were convinced in a night that we B(,fore the Messines drive could be bars. Making soap provide, a way,	- the Food Controller the price of many
than we had learned during nine had greatly underestimated hie ebi -	,ully undertaken it was found f°r using excess fats whi.h must be'	llurahle Kitchen Sinks.	of the package cereals on the market
months of training in England. An ties a, a marksman. As for his all '	, remove the ridge of the carefully conserved these days.	Resides being at a convenient work- would have been increased,- in some
sr.rs.-Jsssstsstti ^: "" “ "%
Ho« far is it to the Herman summers along the Rhine, or in Aus; many ]ive8 Were Wing sacrificed, last when you were putting up those gtone, or copper.	pending changes l,y the manutai lurers
lines ?" and in his eagerness to sfe, my try-Hungry? No. they nint *bi in however, in attempting to destroy the hooks."	| Cleaning powders that contain to comply with the root ui- r° a
fellow Tommy jumped up on the fir- wild, I give you , my word. 1 ridge as it then stood. It was found Of course I had put the hammer rough scouring agents are poor arti regulations. One firm sel: nv ''*r*h-ing-bench for a look, with a lighted «round this part o France t ey am .	in ()le emi, to blow up the back in the tool shed, where it belong- v)e8 for cleaning sinks. Kerosene or products in two pound par tages has
wmm
rester gave him a friendly little lev- through this ere war; if I ns the lin k FOint places a mile in length, running happpened many times, but this time particularly effective.	:,er * ruling that the price charged to
ture which none of us afterwards for to go ome again, with me eyesight, underneath the ridge. 1 have heard his remorse took concrete form. A Enameled iron sinks are durable,, the consumer was out of proper pro-
ril never feel syfv w eni l >vesi a many an interesting story from the few days later he brought in an ob- an(j will last for years with proper portion to the cost of the product m
••Xoxv, look ere, son! Never get ^zie,	'‘fium' ' be'ind a engineers who participated in this long wooden box and presented it to care. They should not be cleaned with bu,k and his refusal to issue u license
Lp for a squint at hntz with a fag on! hrough me pei i»c [	great venture. As our boys were me. It was full of tools, small en- ! abrasive cleaning powders, as the until a satisfactory readjustment was
m.mhnr	‘t	ilowam I to give a rcallv vivid pic- mining and boring their way through ough for me to handle easily, but all | enamel will wear off and cause a made. The difference will be made up
P U m?i)crVis i lvm’ fer < Lmt ture of trench life as I saw it for the a listener on duty heard a counter bor- j cf them strong and useful. Among roughened condition of the surface. ' Mr some reduction m the cost of pat k-ohm i« a-lav in* fer 'ira " Then first tîme» how make U Iiv<> for otheril* ing from the enemy lines. The officer them were a tack hammer, a claw a sharp blow will chip the enamel and akru and other selling expanses, turning to the Vest of us. -Now, we when I remember that the many «les- in charge, on receiving the report, hammer, a small saw, an awl, a screw ; cause rust to attack the exposed iron 1 ,n.the case <)f H ain't arskin' to ’ave no burial parties, rriptive accounts I had read of it in gave the order for a small hole to be driver, a gimlet, and a variety of nails, | foundation. These sinks come in a «penalties it has been found that the But if any of you blokes wants to be England did not in the leas, x i>ua i,.e	toward the Hun tunnel. He screws and tacks. 1 have had a great variety of styles, making it possible ' Public were being charged a price
"r rm T	Sfisrsà	sr ;	rjr *=
S	:	xr sms	~ ^ -JtJr-“*•	: j-r zss	::
• St'é? K spotted vou F’ll keep down. And 1 watched the charitable the smoke of the explosion had died	System in the House.	work is done. The soapstone, how- simplest form in which they are axail-
a puttin' away at that place fur an shadows rush hack like the y-ry wind away our engineers, picking up what- j Naturally I am very unsystematic, ever, absorbs giease and wears away al,^e	Consumption,
hour, ’opin' to catch you lookin’ over 01 darkrv.-s. c < es<‘ *l v a,h ^ ever tools they could put their hands ; j marTie(j rather young, and Jiave by constant scouring.	-*e Wlb re(lui,*e that the cos 1,1 Pw< "
rrv
vivo- II nrtttv good hint at the direr- °"e (l°*s #t times when brought fair 1 am told it took two >ears to >011 cor^9 ; moon learned, however, that are satisfactory in butler's pantries U-easive price
Hon from Which the shots come. It to face with some experience, which these hundred tunnels. When the psy- jt was a,,s0,„te]y necessary to take for dishwashing purposes.	I ' important advantages
doesn't work in the daytime, for a	vannot be compared with pas expen-	vhological moment had arrived in	eare of ^celpta, and it would save a	The average sink should be from 30	Promised to	the consumer by reason
sniper is to clever to fire at it. Rut	"ices "Yak- TT'Z e Lw Truth	M',rch °f 19V hu1ndreds °,f P°u,,ds of	vast deal of time and many mistake,	to 80 inches in length, t!0 inches wide.	°f ^e re.|u,rement that	the weight of
mrnmMmm
SH. BHBt fsKSSsS	; SsBSEsS
direction. ^ ou may fetch im. But ,,f NXHr-__ e]e 0f the ground to be fought over peared just when it was needed, and stituted.	guarantee that the package <• ntains
if you don't, V won't but he: you n >	kM/XHETIIVN DRW Kit and by practice and manoeuvres un- I had to search through a whole box It is best not to enclose the plumb- ; atija8t , amount printed upon 1
- fMmms-mmm mmm
are posted and their duties. We saw	The following prayer offered by the	one acre of ground, which told every	compartments; Adresses, filed alpha-	house that I want to be shining with	r ontroller s	)ffi<<
the intricate mazes of telephone wires,	English people in the perilous days of	detail of contour and adornment. All;	betically; recipes, in subdivisions, such|	cleanliness it is my sink.	emphasized	that even	^ '' 1 a> *
land the men of the signaling corps at Elizabeth's reign is peculiarly appro- the units taking part in the attack,-	¦--—---- prices, which are closer to the bulk
hv.r posts in tho t:eu lu-4, in <•( il. pr|al4f for use at the present time of were studying the battlefield for more	MINE SWEEPING.	mine laid at or above that depth. If f>r‘ve* ,bari tbt*> uer« >e n,t H ua‘l
m :,n" t'T .	national stress:	| than a month.	__ a mine sweeper Is struck and the re ' "e.l, ';ulk \re «till cheaper to he
euntd how tl "sleep" M\e men in a 0 Eternal God, Lord of th:	whole	The villages of Wytschaete and Mes-	Dangere Confronting the Men Who	sultant explosion occurs forward lu	‘,,n" ‘ l "1	f ,,M* so 1 r ' ’ K , e
four-by-six .logout; and, when there world, and guide by sea and land,	sines, with their many little farm, and	clear the Seas of German Mine..	the bows. It may keep afloat and
no du gout.8, how to hunch up on Who by Thy mighty power doth di-	with the fantastic names bestowed on	eventually be towed into harbor by	,	Everything	in the world is his vino
the tiring-benches with our waterproof red to what effect Thou wilt the coun-	them hy the inventive Tommies,"^ Imagine yourself trying to >salkjone	0f ber consorts. If the détona	longs for knowledge and appreciation,
sheets over our heads, and doze, with sels and actions of all men: gracious-	were plainly shown on the model., through a dense wood at midnight	tion	takes place amidships or In thq	*nd not for possession." -IÎH* ti/ia von
<»ur knees for a pillow. We learned ]y vouchsafe to bless and order unto Winding woods, German trenches and without a light, the penalty for touch- iq^rn, however, It Is unlikely that the Hutton.
: i;e order of precedence for troops in happy issue the work of our men-of-	even the stumps of splintered trees ing a tree being death. That will give	*hlp	will survive, and the men tn the	Do not use soap tn washing win-
the com mu i ira *nn n cnchcs. ^	^ar now sent out by seas to withstand	where the enemy bunked behind con- you »ome idea of the dangers that ’1m	engine room or boiler room will pro-	' dowa. Clean, soft water and a piece
, ,,eveI	11. '	the enemies of this people. Let It crete barricades also were marked. men on mine-sweeping trawlers face babIy per,Hh wlth the xeH8eI
“ LITthcVre all ,u'hcrr,l in pl««e Thcc mighty Lord of.Hosts, a, Generals and their staff, and hun- when their vessels are steaming mid. likelv, an* dead beat fer sleep, guide a tiff general to go in and out be- dreds of officers passed hours In mas- through a freshly sown mine field.
Tecomin* troops is fresh, an* they fore them, with straightest course to tering every detail of this monster bit T1,e mine sweepers are divided into glands to one side to let the others speed and prosper them in the way. In 0f landscape gardening constructed groupa, eat'b of which i* commanded pess?^-"mh—T”	i a pillar of fire give them light to di- out of concrete, carefully banked up a I,axal ofticer. The vessels leaxe
We saw the listening patrol* go out rec^ their steps; in a pillar of cloud earth and bits of broken brick, the re- harbor about da>iight and steam out at night, through 'he underground defent| them. Put upon them the spir- suit of the ingenuity of the master of to *he area that they are :<> sweep foi pa -ug- wbi. h ’es 1 ty 'bo far	of counse| and fortitude and under aj| trades, "the engineer."	, m,^e ..	.	.	.	,	.
BEErEHH;
enemy, and to report the presence of. conflict to stand undaunted and with- follow up the attacking troops. One ®ar> 1 !	. 1	r
is working patties or patrols. Thi*k0ut fear. Make way and opportunity 0f their tasks in an advance is to	a *ooden arrangements
dangerous, nerve trying work, for for them, and for Thy name's sake bridge the trenches so as to permit a sc,ln* {h<* >a,n'* prlll(iple as ordin the men sent out upon it are exposed tf 0 giorious God. happy success maximum of speed on the part of the	kltee \be*e nlr** 1)6 rew
not only to the shot* of the enemy, but , b ü theîr battle a joyful vie- supporting waves. They carry “duck Rulated to travel at any depth beneath
###,
pi Oder, at once; but if, on me other
hand, water enter» the buoyancy chamber and flood* It, the mine goes to the bottom like a stone and be
I wish there was a WALKER HOUSE In every little town;
Then I could travel merrily,
And always alt me down At night In peace and comfort,
Happier than king with If there was just one Walker House In every little town.
I wish there was a WALKER HOUSE In each place where I go.
The comforts of my dear old home While on the road I'd know.
The meals - the Cheerful Service, too, Would leave no cause to frown,
If there was just one Walker House In every little town.
crown.
everyone's diet
Wheat is undoubtedly the best bread cereal but other flour can readily he mixed with wheat flour to make bread. People in Canada can scarcely realize what the shortage of wheat means to Europe. The people of France are almost absolutely dependent upon wheat bread. Bread constitutes 52 cent, of their total food supply. In no better way van Canadian womln help their heroic sisters in Europe than by being sparing in their use of white flour.
The Walker House
Coo. Wright E. M. C arroll
Th< ¦ llou m d	f*oron fo
1
per
Food Control Corner
Canada has


Benefits amounting in the aggregate to many thousand* of dollar* have been secured for the publie by the Food Controller's regulations gov-the sale of cereal products in Tfce prohibition of the
ne\
minutes
course.
the
got
K»


is

ga
are

The report

—*
h re
A Ht.
of soft cloth will be sufficient!	|
tit alcohol poured on the cloth for the
s bril-

Buvon is always a means of adding final polish will make thv
I liantiy
flavor to made over meat dishes
Hotel Del Coronado
Coronado Beach, California
Near San Diego
I;
MOTORING, TENNIS.
BAY AND SURF BATHING,
FISHING AND BOATING.
18-Ho/e Qo/f Oourse
Hotel le equipped throughout with Automatic Sprinkler System.

wire, clipped from the German
tavglement* two hundred and fifty the glory of their success not to our yards away.	own strength, but unto Thy power,
‘Taffy. av« a look at this ere wbo a)0ne givest victory in the day of ply stuff wot you can 'erdly get liatlU Heer U8> 0 j,Blher, even for
4? $ « ................. *—•
if *hev did n't Srfid up a rocket wot Live fin* near 'it me in the ead!"
to Captain Stevens
*
Before washing ebony brushes smear a little vaseline over the backs. This will prevent the soda In the water from injuring the ebony fully rub the vaseline off afterwards, and polish with a dry cloth.
Thi
AMERICAN PLAN

comes innocuous.
As the trawlers themselves may draw as much as twelve feet of water, they may come Into contact with a
Care
JOHN J. HlftNAN,
W* *8-'
Cut pickles into tiny bits and add to I potato salad to give relish.

:


###PAGE###3###

GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
the farm i* known by m number •tamped on a leg-band that is fastened about her leg. When the hen is caught In the trap after laying, her Every progressive poultryman keeps	number is marked on the egg. At
an account with his hens. It is the	night she is credited on a record sheet
only way to tell whether his plant is	which tells the breed of hens in the
profitable, says a successful farmer,	pen, when they were hatched, the
He knows the individual worth of |	number of the pen, the number of hens
in the pen, the number laying that.
1 keep a cash-book, and in it I record ' month, the number not laying, and the the receipts daily, whether for poultry, average number of eggs per hen for	Those who sow courtesy reap friendship,
eggs or manure; the expenses, wheth- the month. It also gives the market	Baby'* Development III.	I out help. Obeys the command, "Give
er for feed, labor, new stock, etc. price of eggs per dozen, and the total Seventh month:	Astonishment the hand.M
1 h month 1 sum up to find whether	value of eggs for the month. This	gfown by	open - th and eye !(.-<•	<j|	I	STION8	\M>	tNHWERS.
Guden «£—•*	s	is sea S2s rwx	55"	k
When we come to consider the pre-, is feasible as ctuh Move a ^ poultry or eggs on my own table I she laid and the total for the month, of head nnf, of pUrging ,ipMi Averts paration of garden .oil we mu.t take An old 8w*fi^*erd*ner.	L,rde„ , re<lit il juHt the 8am* ** ,f 1 ,<>ld T,1'1? th,‘ t®ta|I fondât». 1 ran also hea(, „„ ,ign of refuHal, H„ one ,houU
into account a number of factors of the l»e*t method of digging * gH t0 »ome tme	. f" *J*e day * hen went broody, the 8ay< "Nothing doing." Places him
importanco. The first of those Is the B°'l was to shovel one trench »	| also keep a ledger, and send out day she was set, and the time she was ge|f uprjght on the Ian	, *
ES^$3.k&5S s’nirss
Is it stony, gravelly, shaley or slaty? '"K	same ledger I keep an account of were removed from the pen, and the cn*8 °' *"™' J	,	?h(* (1r,e81 urt flrels'	[nr ,a,
Another factor is the location of the	If the soil is in the best of physical	good< received that were not paid for	c..use.	.	! Ninth Month:	Stands on feet, with-	is a	dandy baby. ( an a baby	that	has
lot to bv worked. If it lies low and	condition, crumbling freely from the i on delivery. My ledger tells me	This system	Of bookkeeping plainly, out aupport. Showf increasing inter-	had	whooping cough	for	>	montns
is damp and cold it must not he work-	shovel, it may be raked as fast as six	wfiat	j owc and what others owe me.	tells the number of days in the year	est in things in general or fin evolu-	give it?
wfth until it has been properly	feet is dug. But he sure of this. If,	Each	year I not only know what my	each hen has been at work, the value	tjomat parlance) get.-- in touch with	Answer Such marks, it they are
drained, although if only a portion of	not, better wait until there has been a	p]ant	;* worth, but the amount of bus*. '	of her product, and what it cost to	his environment. Strikes hands with	birth marks, art very apt to disap-
it is soggy that portion can stand un	rain and then do it after it gets dry	nesa	| ,ji(j an(j the profit I derived	feed and take cafe of her. I can read-	Joy. Shuts eyes and turns head away	pear in time. If temper marks and
til later on, to be then drained, as will	enough.	from	it.	ily tell which hens are money-makers,	at things disagreeable. Fears a dog.	in girl babies, they are not so very
be told later, and the warm, dryer por-	Success with a garden depends very	I keep a diary of the daily hap-	and which are	drones. In this way ,urn* over, like	one of those bo une-sure	to pu grow them
tion worked as soon as the season ad-	largely upon the manner in which the	penings on the place-—the weather,	it is possible to pick out the non-pro- '''% loys, wnen	laid face downward,	bow	Mamma - nng.s
mits,	soil has been put into condition with the visitors, the loss in stock, expert- ductive, thus giving more room to the 1 urn» head to light when asked where possible for such | |
All fertile soils contain soil bacteria,! the rake. Too many persons merely menta—in fact, everything that is workers and saving feed.	, ight is. Questions are under- whooping cough («• oth. rs
araaâs: :	sfcar "vztjzx	. yryx e?..................
üsS ™ ””m ilill
for the use of the roots of the plants, forward after being made fine.	“John, how far is it to Toronto?” of an inside-outside self-starter over in jmna»or av maa n DD t ft
In preparing a garden soil for plant- This involves walking on the dug ^jrg Simmons asked as she dropped the corner there for your ma?"	annan» h»lm ?	1.» rrrrrrr
Ing it in necessary to turn it by the soil, but it it is in proper condition n B,.mfu| 0f Wood into the box. | "Sure, pa, one of those Institute rirrrr#a
spade or shovel, as this aerate, it and this will not matter, as, after it is all	««About 14.'1 miles_why	do vou want	ladies	from the College came up to
brings the more or less sour portion chopped up, you must go over it again	^ know ?”	school	the other day, and she told us
of the Roil to the top, where it gets anyhow, to smooth and level it. and	.	about that and a lot of other things
r	Mr r fV'-A;	jet
or less by three factor*, is turned un-	l arge Beds are Besl x	‘	' Simmons f .miîv for his wife to thal cKK-beater?” She had jus' gone
der with n dressing of manure or oth- The practice of working the garden ,	things	the length of the long kitchen,
er vegetable matter on which the w;th the rake into many small beds is ,,	* '	„	“If she had a shelf over the table,
bacteria can feed to release more plant a wagteful one. Many gardens lose	“*?. next	nu®stlon "'•*	na,te as 88'	and a	strip under it to hang up the
one-fourth of their growing space by	kn.°)v h,°^,flr. !l	thingH	,he U8es 8,1 the time’ il would
this practice, and it ig unnecessary. 18 to that wood-pile and back. This save g0me of those trips she Has been
It does not hurt the soil to tread upon tlme hLer hu8ba,,d wa,ted for her to talking about,” Jack went on. "She!
it to plant and work it, and you will *,vp the answer
gain by working it into one large bed
X /
And
50
By John U Huber. M A.. M Ü
if yost
Dr. Huber will ânsaer all mlgnfd letters pertaining to Health leestlon Is of general Interest It wlti be answered through these columns ; it tot'. It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelops !¦ closed. Dr. Huber will not prescribe for Individual case# or make diagnosis. Address Dr. John it Huber, care of Wilson Publishing Co. TÂ West Adelaide hi.. Toron la
W*
By Agronomist
This Department In for the use ef our farm readers who want th*
V en ®*pert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. if y°up	|f
'• of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this cemmti. •temped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter. • answer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Pub Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St. W., Toronte.
each hen on the place
Temper Mark.
My baby girl of 4Vi months has a mi i	the eyes hagM i me-
what like a V
see it rca' plain; and then again it is
Ik this a birth mark or
Sometimes you tan


ed
Depends on
It is
cm up a baby to give
Chilblains
Ah long as I ran remember I have had chilblains her my feet begin to itch and this continues throughout the winter.
Answer- Mailing you the right information .
As early as Sep tern
j
?
Underweight.
Please advise me what to do to make my husband gain in weight.
But you
send me only your initials and without address
directed envelope and I will forward information by return mail.
Eczema of Ear,

Answer - Very willingly
Send stamped and self
Eleventh Month
Screaming is quieted by “sh." Sitting becomes its life habit. Stands without support.
Stamps. Correctly repeats syllables, to
cabulary. Can Utter l>. p, «I. m. n. an- very ¦ from stretching and f, I. g. k; vowels ;i most used, u and rubbing. Is there any relief for same?
Twelfth Montiy Pushes chair 1 an- din »-d envelope and information will
not as yet raise itself or walk with- at once he mailed to you.
1 am troubled wi*h catarrhal deaf-Also itching of both ears which
V
o rare, i very rare
food
There are several ways of digging to get good results. One is to take a “width” of the shovel, as deep as it will go, across the bed and then go back and scoop put two or four inches . of the subsoil and scatter it over the top of the unraked earth. Another is to trench the bed by the following
)
hasn't a place to put things on near “If you don't know, I’ll tell you. the sink and the stove, either. I and laying out the plantings with the It's n little over seventy five feet, and guess there's a good deal to this hav-garden line. The feffect is much bet- from the box to the stove and back ing things handy to where you want ter when the crops come up and there is twenty feet. "	"	*
is no loss of space. *	-I
In the working of the soil there will trips a day to feed
be considerable thrown into the walks.: walked about 600 mileu in the last around the sink, and what she uses at	¦	J	¦ I
This should be worked back with the	twenty years for just that one thing,	the table, and those she has to have	pickmg up things about the room
rake and the edges made straight and	It won’t take me so long to go to	about the stove, we’ll just, see if we
It is best to raise the beds six	Toronto, for I have done a lot of side-1	can’t go Bert Evan’s wood box one	would want to he doing something	recj	to	be	called Clarice
inches above the walks to in-	stepping all along.”	better—and I don’t know any reason	worth while,” she said, “instead of	my	scissors.”	?
John Simmons considered himself	why 1 can’t keep it filled. Say, ma,	spending all your time on odds and
As stated','a"dry*soil is a warm one,' quite a hand at figures, so before at- any cookies in that jar?”	| ends.”
certain tacking the main issue he pulled out a John Simmons was proud of his boy. Peggy stopped with a troubled look
her
You’re right, by gum, but I don’t and he isn’t afraid to do more than to so
' It’s my birthday present from § Fidelia Bonney
she hasn't n 1 since we were
schoolgirls,-—and I was just as uneasy could he when it didn’t come afraid that she must be sick, or
SXSKSWSXSK %*+%$** at#*#**#
She always sends
OPPORTUNITIES

one
If I’ve made three to use them trips a day to the wood-pile, and ten morrow’s a holiday, and if ma’ll sort
the stove, I’ve of plan out the things she needs
I'll tell you, pa, to
I
was
that Uncle Si had one of his ‘dying spells’ again.”
“Why don't you n it. aunt ?”
“I should think. Peggy, that you demanded h-i i .imesake—who prefer-
Here are
Jessica, pinning on her hat, frowned as she saw in the mirror Peggy
process :
Beginning at the left-hand end of a bed, throw out a width of two shovels, back to the end of the bed, deep enough to catch an inch or two of the subsoil < « ‘ing to the front again, dig ^ eight inches above the walks to in upping all along up the width of two shovels and throw it to the left into the trench , from which the first two shovel widths and for th;g


even
Aunt Clarissa shook her head in good-natured disapproval at her niece.
reason we raise certain mcamiç me mmii issue uc yuacu wm *	«-»•« wiiuihuho nan i«wuu vi ma mjy. i aiujipeu wivii « uuuuieu «vun “You're a hustling daughter of the
crops on rows or hills, as this insures pencil and did a little multiplying. “He's got a pretty good head on him, in her eyes. “1 wish I could. I’d love great metropolis, Clarice,” sh" «aid This should be repeated until the	quick drainage and rewarming by the	“You’re right, by gum, but I don’t	and he isn’t afraid to do more than	to so. But, somehow, there seem to	good-naturedly, “hut I’m Norley born
whole bed is dug, when you will have	gun <$uch plants grow more quickly	see what Toronto’s got to do with it.”	he’s asked,” John was thinking, while	be so many odds and ends to do.”	and bred, and I can taste my pleas-
reversed the position of the entire	^an implanted on the level, and we	"IPs not so hard to see. Between	the more-than-pleased mother was	“There always will be if you put	ures without bolting them whole. Just
soil mass and at the same time well	uae method for early ones, where	you and me and the wood box I've	silently making her plans for the lit-	them first,” Jessica said in her clear,	]00k at that address, please—right in
aerated the soil and broken it apart	quickest growth is necessary.	done some right smart travelling, but	tie conveniences she ihould have had	“sure” voice. “Don’t you see, Peggy,	the first place; then crossed out and
as fully is it can be done with an im-	jn view 0f this, it is well, when pre-	the scenery wasn't so much, and there	twenty years before.	that anybody in the world could let her	put wrong, and crossed out twice
plemcrA used for digging. This is	parjng the soil, to make the rows or,	was a good deal of sameness about	Presently, John picked up his	pen-	time get filled up by	odds and ends?	more, readdressed, and then back to
neither as complicated noras laborious hills while raking the soil. For this	the places 1 arrived at. That’s why	oil again and did some more figuring.	One simply has to make up her mind	the right one again. Fidelia knew
as it would seem, and is considered pUrpose g0 over the properly fined soil	I've decided to try a	new route.”	After a few busy moments he looked	to put the big things first, that’s all;	where I’d he,—I’d told her, special,—
by English gardeners the perfect with the hoe, scraping the earth into a	John was puzzled.	“I don’t kno v	up at the boy who was mentally meas-	make up her mind and then stick to	but Joe Lake at the post office thought
method.	ridge six to eight inches high. To get yet just what you’re driving at, but uring off spaces. “Jack, did you know it.”	I‘Boston’ was a slip for ‘Bolton/ and
it straight	run the garden line along	if it's the wood box what do	you want	that your mother and I’d	been married “I know,” Peggy responded.	Rut	her	changed it, to be obliging	I’m gen-
Ak the intention is to make the soil	the top edge on each side and hoe to it.	me to do about it?”	! just twenty years come	next month?	voice sounded as if	she	did	not	know	eially in Bolton with Cousin	Anna	at
a. «ne m Sbto. not o^îy through- A. It !.	. fact that a plant set on	"Well. Je», told me how	Bert had	; The only wedding trip	we took wa,	„t ,11	this time, a, Joe knows very well."
out the entire mass but on top for	the south side of a ridge will mature	fixed	theirs. He built a	good tight	across the county, though according	“There’s that class of Italian girls.	“But surely a post-office official
seedbed it should not be dug until it is	sooner than one set on top, when	feas-	box	alongside the stove,	and cut a	to her figures she might have walked	You could do beautifully with them,	wouldn’t—’#g| | ¦¦
in the proper condition. This can be	ible, run the rows in a general	east-	hole	through the wall so	it can be	around the world several times,—so I	Peggy, if you just would. Don’t you	“Joe Lake would! He’s Joe Lake
tested in this manner:	and-west direction. When the	ridge	filled	from the outside.	If we had	guess its about time she got a little	Ree what a chance it is to do some-	first, which moans everybody’s friend
Take up as much	of the soil as can	is finished, go	over the top with the	one right here it would save	walking	lift on the steam-cars. I’ve	been	thing really patriotic—to teach them	jn general and Sister Sally’s old beau
be held in one hand	Close the hand,	hoe and cut a	slice of soil with one	half way around the house in	the first	thinking wc might manage to	go to	to be real citizens? Why don't you	in particular, and he’s an official after-
•mipcniag the soil into a ball firmly! motion (to keep it smooth) out of the place, and I wouldn’t have to go clear Toronto for a sort of celebration next, just say you will? You’ll find other wards. He wouldn’t meddle with a Release the grip and if the soil falls edge of the south side. On this slant- : across the kitchen every time I wanted month and take you along,—if your things will fall into place if once you stranger’s address, but ‘Clarry’ to enart ot crumbles, it is fit to dig. If ing apace the plant will be placed,	a stick of wood.”	ma’d just as soon ride on the cars; I	resolve that they shall.”	him still, just as I was when he used to
it remains in a compact ball it is too This is done only for early vegetables	John heard, but he	hadn’t quite re-	dont exactly hanker to walk, myself.”j “I—I’ll think about it,” said Peggy	bribe me with peppermints to go and
moist for good work If dug in the	grown from transplanted plants.	covered from the astounding discovery	Speech was always	slow with	Mrs.	uncertainly.	play in the far end of the garden while
Utter condition it will be in hard	If potatoes are to be planted in the	of a few moments since. “Six bun-	Simmons, hut her eyes	glistened.	They with that Jessica	had to content	he called on Sally. That’s the Norley
lump* throughout the bed and it will	space to be dug, it will be as well not	dred miles! Well, I never thought	had wasted a	lot	of precious time and	herself as best she could. She	was! way. So the box went	to	Bolton;
be difficult to get a fine'seedbed on	to go over it with the rake as closely	about that before. _ But I reckon we	strength; to	be	sure, but	her bus-	very fond of Peggy, and that was	why and Cousin Anna wasn’t sure	where I
th.‘ inn By seedbed in this connec-	aa for the smaller garden crops. Work	can fix up that wJbd box somehow,	band’s heart had stayed in the	same	8he controlled her tongue by a splen-	was, so she tried Cousin Ruth, and
tion is meant a top	portion of two to	it into furrows	with the rake, using	Say, Jack,” he turned to a	sixteen-	spot all these years, and her boy	would	did effort. Down in the hall she hur |	Cousin Ruth tried Cousin Mary, and
three inches as fine as coarse sand,	the garden line to get them straight,	year-old hoy who had been an inter-	know better	how	to avoid	such mis-	rjed by Olgj». the new Swedish maid. Cousin Mary *=ent to back	to	Fidelia,
int<, which the seeds are planted.	For potatoes the soil should be loose-	wted listener, “what’s all your car-	takes Oh,	how	hard she	would try	Qlgh’s eyes were red. hut Jessica	was and Fidelia sent it on to	me. Now,
If the .-toil be sandy, pebbly gravel-	a sandy or	gravelly one is best. After	penter work up at school good for if	to help them to get the	l»e-r that life	too busy to notice.	I’ll open it—”
' ly o, «Haley, and is in good physical several vw kings with the hoe the >’<>u can’t help me rig up some sort might hold.	f It was Peggy who. coming d< n- “O Aunt Clarissa
- condition it will crumble off the shovel potatoes will be on ridges, as the soil and can be thrown off with a sidewise is worked around them,*"giving them scattering motion. However, with good drainage and a warm soil- -two the limestone loams it is best to chop | things they need
sure better drainage
came



How To Teat The Soil

k
Candied mint
stairs a quarter of an hour later, did and rose leaves! Why, that doesn’t
seem a bit like a—well, a village offer-I never saw them anywhere ex-

notice
“Why, Olga,” she cried, “what’s the ing matter? Didn’t you understand that ' cept in the Christmas parlor of the you could go out for the afternoon?”, Women’s Exchange and at the very Olga shook her head. “I tank not finest grocers’ and confectioners’ In stores de y laugh. i don’t They couldn’t possibly keep company
j with striped peppermint sticks, and Peggy stood still, thinking it out. chewing gum, and gluey candy lumps i “You mean you want to buy some- on sticks—the kind of things you find | thing?” she asked. “And you don’t in a country store.” like to go to the stores to ask for it ?”,	“No,” said Aunt Clarissa, delicately
“I tank,” Olga repeated as her fair nibbling a rose leaf, “they couldn't and face reddened, “I not go.”	they didn’t. But they’re a‘village offer
An hour later, Jessica, trying on ing’all the same. There’s been mint gray shoes in Gregory’s while at the j along Fidelia’s b k since before thq. same time she discussed club finances Indians deeded over th e farm, and with her friend, Flo Hastings, looked cinnamon roses up against the house up at Flo’s sudden exclamation.	wall since it was built, and the big
“Why, Jessica, isn't that your lister pink hundred-leaf growing by the helping that Swedish girl buy shoes? gate. Confectioners and exchanges You didn't tell me that she was in the are well enough, but when 1 get a prework, too. I should think she would, gent from Nor lev, child, it's the kind be fine! Isn't she making that girl that's never solu and never bought,’ have a good time—just buying shoes!” I and never can he ‘She~ why, that's our new Swedish But that was verging maid,” Jessica answered hurriedly, sentiment fur Miss Clarissa “Peggy isn’t doing anything at the changed her tone briskly: club. I couldn't get her to. She says' she hasn't the time think of these shofs, Flo? "	^
“Lovely,” Flo replied, hut she spoke in a perfunctory manner. She was j watching Peggy and Olga, and think-1 m ing one or two new thoughts
PUNNY

CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED .
other or do not agree upon certain points.
Friction in the home creates an in-it all? tangible, impalpable atmosphere in
^ er parent notice that Thomas slipped	_____ *___________
out of the house at the first intimation that there was to be a quarrel between hi* father and mother? For quarrel It really wâs, although brief anckclothed in the language of educat ed, respectable persons; and long after these harsh and unkind _words had been spoken the atmosphere of the family living-room remained chary with an emotional disturbance in which no one could concentrate his mind upon his reading or study.
Family friction is always fatal to happiness, and when there are children In the home It is almost sura to work Irreparable harm upon their minds and souls.
One of the most powerful causes of the exodus of young people from their homes at an age when they are not fitted to enter upon the work of life is friction in the family. Young people by nature loyal to their parents, and it is almost never that a young pet on will give as a reason for his ! ,' n«<	the fact that his father
,r i n /*bvr auaml or nag at each
Family Friction
g<>
like laugh.”
r
A few sarcastic words from the father, a «Harp retort from the mother, that wm all

j
But was
i
61',lV
•:


Afraid.
Little noises do not bite!
Darkness will not harm you! See, my arms will hold you tight When wee fears alarm you.


«
o
i
Wise ones say I do you wrong, Facing dangers for you;
You will not grow brave and strong With me bending o'er you.
i
i
i
Not at any price.” very near She

I
But the time is all too brief When some pain of other,^
And each baby fear and grief Drive you to your mother!
—Burges Johnson
Util
“Try a mint leaf, Clarice XV hat do you always such a good, c
finish with.”
Mint’s
an taste to

m

T
•>
Parker House rolls can be made th a little mrnmeai in them.
“Ring out old shapes of foul disease; Ring out the narrowing lust of gold; Ring out the thousand wars of old. Ring in the thousand years of peace.” S	«—Tennyson.

• «
i


When you cut up fresh pork I ly slaughtered, the knife soon gets As a package, rather dingy and bat- dull and does not take hold. Tack a tered at the corners and several times atrip of good quality emery-cloth o*
as put into	1 -, the board
laughed delightedly. j quickly
nt.
Ptm vA'
\ Present From Norley
are
When I go motoring with dad, i cannot help hut feel How i would leave the mi!
If 1 were at the wheel.
Brass polished with oil and rotten stone will have a deep rich yellow
tone.
r table and frequently and draw youi knife over iL ,
I
behind,
r
I..UJ is

###PAGE###4###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAW VILLE I
"CAM OOMQUKR TH
INDIANS IN THE WAR.
DOLLARS GIVE COURAGE.
while both Mission Bands did remarkably well about as good as any in the l'rvuhyti-iy. The l'hoir even had a l*al T# Be Penniless Makes a Man Feel De* Slice, after purchasing a piano, with the !	pendent end Cowardly,
help of the Y. W. Guild. The Y. W. I There la this to be said about wealth* Guild besides donating #70 to the piano it gives courage to the owner. Pover* fund, gave a fine quilt to Hirtle Indian ty makes cowards of us all.
School, and a grand barrel of produce to ••The man who Is suffering with the Protestant Infants’ Home, while at fear,'* says a writer, “because he does Christmas they spent their neat cash not know where the next dollar Is corn-la live on inmltry for the Aged Lad tea lug from Is in no condition to earn or at the Protestant Orphaned Home. The to attract dollars. Pear always makes Y, M. B. C. also re|x>rted a fine balance, a man think he Is weak, a nobody. It The Brick S. S. supports a native work- always pictures the worst, sees no light er in India and donated what they had ahead." over to Dr. Wilkie’s farm fund, Gwalior Mission, India.
THE EQUITY.
Were Anxious to “Do Their Bit”
A gal uni Germany.	Church Wes el Vlray Hldge.
While the two white reces In Can- “Deeds of heroism which our boys ado, French, end English, ere in- are doing every day are pa*"*d by dulglng In the bitterest kind of ergn- unnoticed by us. Don t worry about meni as to what ought to be the at- the boys; they're not worrying. When tltude of Canada in helping to win it comes to the big things, the boy# the world war against Germany, it stand up and go through It all with-is pleasing to observe the unanimity out a flinch. If they worry at all It with which the old-time Indian Is because they think that you are allies respectively of France and j worrying. You can't conquer the England hare each responded to the kind of men you have over there, call, says a writer In the Outlook. When they are brought into the cas Centuries ago the great struggle for ualty station the captain says what the possession of the North Amerl- shall we say?' and invariably the can continent was waged between reply is ‘ellghtly wounded.' That Is the English and Iroquois Indians on . the kind of men we have over there.
the one side and the French and Al- j I thank God for them."
This was a tribute among many of which Colonel Dr. 8. D.
o
SHAWVILLE.JAN. 24. 1918.
O. Y B. LODGE, No. 804, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m
The outcome of the situation in
R. 8. H. Workman, W. R. N. Uodoims, W. M.	Reo.-Secy.
Utissia has become so befogged that no tody now thinks of venturing a predic lion as to what it will be this much, however, that lienee between I he Hun and the Bolshevik i does not
now than it was a
L. O. L. No. 27, meets let Tuesday of each month.
Hrrb Houqins.
W.M.
There is
Rbo. Uodoins,
Secy.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th
II. N. IIODUINS.
W. Union, in Coro
»ppear any nearer month ago.
We hear a great deal these days about efficiency and about Inefficiency. The Session reportai one of the U*st The fellow who.has saved a few doives rs in many. Some of the items were lars and has them In the bank or where The Forward Step meetings, conduct- ho can put his hand upon them Is more ed by Rev. K. B. N el lee ; the Sacrament efficient than the fellow who la penat-Service of June, when ltiti partook, the leas. Start out to find a Job with ns?-largest for years ; 47 members were er a dollar In your pocket You’ll have added to the roll, 31) being by profession a bard time. You appear at a dissd-of faith ; 13 were removed : by death , vantage when you approach a business 6, and by certificate—7. The roll man. You feel your dependence. Yoo was revised and 20 names removed, have a cowardly air about you, an Inmaking a net gain in members for 1917 of 14. Evening services wore held during July and August at Norway Bay and the Bay Committee donated #K>, which sum was sent to the Point aux Trembles Schools. The minister’s stipend was increased to #1200 for 1817, and the election of six elders to the Session was the closing event of a splen-^—Com.

. llODOIMS,
m. Scribe.
British airplanes have been dropping uple of tons of bombs on the Ger-
Now
gonqulns on the other side# ¦	¦
Algonquins and Iroquois are fighting I Its kind,
side by side In the same Indian units Chown had to pay to the boy# of in France against a common enemy. Canada on his return from (he front At the present time It Is estimât- in the course of s thrilling story in ed that fully five thousand North which he related Incidents of his trip American Indians are fighting In through Flanders. The colonel, who Canadian battalions in Franco. When	Is general superintendent of the
the great war began a few Indiana	Methodist Church in Canada, with
enlisted In the battalions which com-	General Victor Odium, crowd the
prised the first contingent, but did so	battlefield of Vlmy Ridge while the
entirely on their own initiative and	guns roared, and witnessed the men
without any encouragement from	from the Dominion "go over the top"
the Canadian war office. Then came from an adjacent hill, the order that no Indians were to be "We speak of General This* or recruited for the Canadian army. ‘General That.
Hurt but undaunted, the Indians Chown, "but General Odium Is a man voted money from their tribal funds who has won the respect of every lee that yon are to that extent lnde- to the Canadian &nd British Red man who has come in contact with pendent. You meet the business man Cr088 societies, they bought and pre- him/
more nearly upon an equal footing, gented machine guns, and they per- "At one o’clock in the morning, You are more courageous more self sonally subscribed to patriotic funds carrying dimly lit lanterns, General assertive, more efficient. You know from the modest revenues of their Odium and the doctor started out to-that you are not compelled to accept farms, or their returns from fishing, wards the top of Vlmy Ridge to wlt-the first	Job	offered	yon	You	cnn	dis	i hunting, or trapping.	ness what the general had promised
ouu	wage*	HU,I	nmtravt.	.ml	rondl-	- Petition, .nd deputation, wAe.	would be a "big .bow ' Nearing the
rzz
I zed throughout Canada, permission was granted to organise Indian units as base companies local battalions finally embarked for overseas the Indians were there
PUFFBALLS ARE GOOD FOOD. |.¦">«	W
fifth Middlesex battalion, organized at London, Ontario, fell the honor of landing the first Indian unit In
The Middlesex Indians
% c<
wan city of Karlsrhue, a military centre. This action, although somewhat belated, s quite in order, and the of tenor it is peated the better and more quickly the people of Germany will come to understand it’s a poor game that two or
CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :

First Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Widneoday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thun.
Fini Friday,
I
efficient air. You realise that you will have to accept anything that Is offered. You are In no position to look the business man In the face and tell him your qualifications. Want is at your back, causing you to cringe.
But with money In your pockets you assume a different attitude. You real-
lore cannot play at
From statistics on file in the Department of Militia and Defence, showing i nlistment by religion in the province of Ontario we find that the church of Eng-rand is credited with 15 per cent ; Pres-‘ 3 tvriun. 4.82 per cent ; Roman Catholic. 8.92 per cent ; Methodist, 2.69 per ont ; Jews, 1.63 per cent ; and all ethers, 1.58 per cent.
The Fuel Controller of the United States, with a view of relieving the fuel situation over there to some extent took the drastic step of ordering the closing down for five days of all industries that wore not directly engaged in producing material. The saving in coal to be fleeted by this measure was estimated 30 million tons, which the Government proposed to buy up and distribute where most needed.
remarked Dr.
t M
Wyman, -Shawville - First Saturday,
of each month.
did year
GRAY. Saak
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
Jan. 12.—The weather has been very cold for the past few days but now is a little more moderate.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Martain is renewing friends in the States.
Mr and Mrs. Rose are spending the winter months with friends in Illinois.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Rocke were Sunday guests of Mr. J. Sparling.
Fred Sparling and Misa Maud Sailing were visiting friends at Ogcina, Sask., during Christmas.
Mr. Henry and Mr. Gollop Bouche are spending the winter in Regina.
Cranky Jack.
—FOR—
Shawville and District
TO SKLL FOR
ness
young man should seek first of ull to have a bank account, to have something right lu the beginning.
I ehaii never forget that ««ne." j(,e Qld Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
Dr. Chown said. "I could see our men marching In the darknesa, equipped with their gas masks, their steel helmets. It was so picturesque and yet It was not a beautiful sight.
We want up on to the top of the ridge and from there I saw the tremendous show. The shells whistled over ua. I was later told that 6,000 sheila were fired at a cost of $90,000.
In a short while the barrage lifted and our boya advanced. The Huns shot up their light to better wee our | Toronto advance, but a few minutes later they sent out the 9. O. 8. call. Our boys were gassed that night, but nevertheless they got a number of prisoners."
Along the road to Lens Dr. Chown had an opportunity to compare the typical modern dugouta which had shortly before been occupied by the Germans with those which satisfied the Canadians. They were altogether Afferent, the doctor observed. The German mad<j his dugout with the idea of permanency while the Canadian was satisfied with a flimsy affair, feeling that he was not going to or a subject of an allied or neutral counstay long and that within a dag or try, may homestead a quarter section of two he would be chasing the German available Dominion Land in Manitoba,
out of his.	Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant
Dr. Chown next visited the scene | !ml8^ appear in person at Dominion of the battle of the Somme before Uodg \ y or Sul, Agency for Din-
H Hits .£F ~ I
In the ruins of that once beautiful residence upon and cultivation of land "Ity he had picked daisies In the in each of three years, gaping shell holes which marked al- In certain districts a homesteader may most every foot of the ground | secure an adjoining quarter section as
pre-emption. Price #3.00 per acre. Du • Going into Ypres," continued Dr. I ties—Reside six months in each of three Chown, "the terrible effects of the	after earning homestead patent
doua nature and from a military homestead patent on certain condition.. standpoint, in ray opinion, it will A settler after obtaining homestead surely be impossible to bring the war patent, if be cannot secure a pre-emp-to a close within the next twelve I tion, may take a purchased homestead months. Should the war terminate | jn certain districts. Price #3.00 per before that time It will not be
through military exhaustion on the 10f three years, cultivate 50 acres and part of the enemy."	I ervt.t a house worth #300.00.
himself In the same plight as Atneri- ( e[,MCr alnC° • •tU,n8t j. #»v„r. cans who were In Paris at the start . ^ heti Dominion Lands are ad -of the war and wanted to get to Lon- tised or jxisted for entry, returned sol don. It was easier, they discovered, cliers who have served overseas and have to return to America and then go to l>een honorably discharged, receive one England than to try the direct route, day priority in applying for entry at which is several thousand miles less, local Agent’s office (but not Sub-Agency).
The Bishop of British Honduras Debarge .tapers must be presented to had to return all the way to New ,* f York from the West Indies in order ' ‘ k to get across the Caribbean Sea to his new post at Bellse, In Central America. He has started on an American steamship from an Atlantic port, but he is not sure that he will not have to return again and try another way.
Bishop Dunn came from Quebec, where his father was bishop August he and Mrs. Dunn started to the tropics on the way to his new post, but went first to Barbados to attend a meeting of bishops of the West Indies
booked passage direct to British Honduras. The steamship was torpedoed, and. finding no way of crossing that strip of the Atlantic, he returned to New York to await a steamship going south.
The one he has taken passage on Is bound in the direction of Central America, but not even the officials of the company could promise to get the bishop to Belize. He isn't at all worried, for he and Mrs. Dunn find travelling at this season rather pleasant despite the U-boat menace.
When these
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1918. Including many new varieties which we alone control.
war
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also agent's proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal commissions.
And of All the Edible Fungi They Are
Called the Safest.
Puffballs are the safest of all fungi
France. -------
for the beginner, none of them being reached the trenches about January, poisonous, and they are at the same 1917, and they have proved them-time excellent and easy to obtain, selves as valiant fighters as the white writes William A. Murrlll. assistant j Canadians, and that Is saying a great
York botanical
den. In the American Museum Journal Being tender, they cook quickly and are easily digested. They should ns s rule be cut open before cooking to see that they are not too old and that they are really puffballs. If they are white and firm like cream cheese Inside, show In g no yellow or brownish discolora-li ii, they are of the right age to use. I the Anglicized forms of names that the	no	at rue-
tu res, but Is smooth and homogeneous, then one may be sure lie has a puffball.
The "egg" of the deadly amanita con tains the young cap and stem inside, which are readily seen when the "egg"
Is cut. and the "egg" of the stink horn shows the stem and a green mass Inside. surrounded bv a layer of jelly like deer in Maine, reports that he saw a substance.	very large white moose on the slope
of the mountain. A white moose Is a rarity, this one reported by the New York sportsman being the first seen or heard of since the days of the long-celebrated phantom moose of Lobster Lake, which remarkable monster flourished about 1897-1902. So much was said and written about the Lobster Lake white moose that
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837)
War Breads
Are you doing your utmost to send wheat overseas Î You are not if you eating white bread at every meal. Every household in Canada must lesson its supply 25 per cent in order to supply ,ur allies with wheat.
For those who have not considered ..he use of com meal, barley, buckwheat, ats, rice or rye in combination or in place of wheat flour, it may be interesting to know :
These substitues are similar to % heat flour in food value and may be 4*ed in place of wheat flour if not used :o the exclusion of other foods, as vegetables, cereals, fresh fruits, eggs and
Ontario.
STARKS
deal. Other Indian units soon followed them, until now the majority of the Canadian Indians enlisted are on the French soil. There are few left at home.
Never a day passes but along with the French and English names in the casualty l’ets appears a fair proportion of Indian names, and many others that are easily recognized as
ure
(Too late for last issue.)
Jan. 4.—The skating rink at Starks Corners is now running full blast, expect the Shawville hockey team out to compete with our boys at the We are sorry to report that our boys got such a whipping at the last match when Portage du Fort played here. Probably lmd all the members of last year’s team played this weald not
Better luck next time.
We
Synopsis of Canadian North West Land Regulations
soon Corner
The sole bead of a family, or any male over 18 years old, who was at the commencement of the present war, and has since continued to be, a British subject
1
No casualty
were originally Indian list is Issued at Ottawa that does not carry both heartache and pride into many Indian communities.
have occurred
We regret to re|K>rt that Mr. Hurjier Cotie sustained an injury to his arm w hile playing hockey last week.
Mr. and Mrs. James Allen, of Fort William, Ont, are visiting their parents for the w inter.
We are sorry to hear of the serions illness of Mrs. William Welsh and hope for her speedy recovery.
Mrs. John Fulford, sr., Mrs. John Draper and Miss Hume were the guests of Mrs. James Fulford ou Tuesday after-
tilk
The Phantom Moose.
2.	()i these grains rye most nearly resembles wheat in its bread making - ualities.
3.	For “ a good-looking loaf of bread."
a.	One half rye flour may be used in place of one half wheat flour.
b.	One third corn meal is the largest mount for a workable loaf of bread.
A New York man who with several companions has been hunting
Puffballs may be cooked alone In various ways or used in Mews and om-
elets and for stuffing mast fowls.
When used in omelets they should be stewed first. All kinds except the very small one should first Ik? peeled and cut Into slices or cubes, after which they may be fried quickly In butter or
dipped In beaten egg and fried like hunters came from distant places to eggplant or cooked in any of the ways recommended for the ordinary mushroom. The smaller kinds are much Inferior In flavor to the larger ones and need a few specimens of some good mushroom to make them attractive.
noon
around
_	. .	,ii Mi>> Jennie Wharf) arrived In
c 1 he remaining grains may bo sub- from Ottawa on Wednesday last on •tituted for not more than one fourth or count of her mother s illness. We a.
third of the wheat flour, They g|*d to note that Mrs. Wharry i* bette nay be combined w ith each other and m
with wheat flour to make a variety jail\cs alKj Mrs. Aden and Miss Alice
•read..	McClure were guests of Mr. John Dean
In the following recipes you can save on yrli\lXy \Asi
wheat, sugar and fat. In trying out a The Misses Annie and Ethel Sample new recipe use great care in making and Charlotte Cunningham, of Smiths evel measurements. 1 he amount <>t Falls are renewing old acquaintances yeast to be used will depend on the around tlie Corner at present.
• ime you have allowed for the making of Christmas has come and gone
‘he bread.	I winter has been stormy, so fai .
Kaisin BKK.xy. 11 cups rye flour, L ncver mjnd, girls, the holly is ever green 1 up8 graham flour, A cup dark corn sy- an(j ^jie •» yU|e log " will still Ik? burning •up, 1 taMfe^f*oon fat, yeast, j cup luke-	i^oys come home,
warm water, i cup hot water, 1 tea-1 foMeve that just ask -*poon salt, ï cup raisins.
Pour hot water over syrup, fat and «Alt. When luke warn add yeast softened in lukewarm water. Add flour gradually, stirring well after each addition. Add raisins, stir well. Let rise
•intil double in bulk. Beat. Turn into i greased pan. Let rise until almost > ictoby Rheumatic and Kidney Curb
double in bulk. Bake in a moderate ! Largely Used With Very Great
even for about one hour
me
i
try a shot at him, but no man ever succeeded in laying him low, nor even in wounding him enough to affect his great speed faculty of vanishing like mist, as much as his bleached coat, gained for him the title of The Phantom Moose. His range was Seasickness.	John headwaters to Moosehead Lake,
The old fashioned notion that a good and his comings and goings were dose of seasickness wus beneficial was | hard to follow. French Canucks and
Indians were terrified at rumors of
The animal’s
Must reside six months in each
acre
Our
but
due wholly to the fact that uj covery the victim of mal de mer la I the beast’s appearance near camp, for
they considered him the embodiment of an evil spirit and this caûsed much annoyance to lumbermen, many a good cook or swamper having quit a camp when The Phantom Moose was reported to be In the vicinity.
Some writers affected to believe the Lobster Lake spectre was a mere invention—that the stories had their origin In the fact that a camp cook, an excitable French Canadian, was frightened half out of his wits one dark night by the sudden appearance of an old gray horse, which he took to be a mountainous moose. But the late John Ross, most famous of all Penobscot River lumbermen, saw the phantom, as did many of his crew at Lobster Lake, and they used to say that his horns would be worth a fortune. His weight was estimated at 1,500 pounds.
Util
usually so delighted that he is oy£ to imagine that he never felt better In his life, while feeling normal again Is merely so great a contrast to the exceedingly wretched condition which this disorder brings about that exaggeration of one’s feelings is the most natural thing In the world. Seasickness is far from pleasant It Is not beneficial, and In rare cases it terminates fatally.
If you don't Paddy.
tyl.eumatism, Sidney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
W. W. CORY,
Deputy Minister of the Interior. N. B.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for
Success
Round Shoulder#.
An excellent exercise to straighten round shoulders—good for girls or women who have to sit a good deal—is performed by placing a thin stick or wand across the back and letting It run out through the bent elbows. The arms are bent so that the hands rest on the chest. Keep the arms and shoulders pressed back and down and walk about the room in this way for five or ten minutes.
Bread Crumb Bread —1 cup milk,	-----
* cup warm water, 1$ cup dry bread For rheumatism or kidney trouble, rumbs, 1 tnblc8{K)on co-n syrup, yeast, this medicine has no equal, and it is 1 teaspoons salt, 1$ tablespoons fat, 1 j highly recommended for indigestion, nip graham flour, 1 i cup white flour. I dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour atom Pour scalded milk ovei syrup, salt lack, headache, bitter t.istc in month, l|,ss
When of apiietite and asthma. If you have a
THE MARKETS.
In
and fat. Add 2-3 cup watei
iuke-warin add yeast softened in re- sore back or sluggish kidneys, tw’o to live -nainder of water (1-3 cup). Stir: add doses will remove the trouble.
Dr.	v ni m
lour gradually and knead on floured frew, writes
board. Let rise until double in bulk, my shoulders for over a year. I used Knead lightly and shape into loaves, two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic Let rise until double in bulk. Bake in and Kidney Cure, and I am free from % moderate oven one hour.	all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 0, Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times Bristol Presbyterian Annual unable to work. Two bottles of yout
remedy cured me.”
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St.,
The annual meeting of the Bristol Renfrew, writes:11! was troubled for summer air can hold at least nine Presbyterian Church took place on Fri-	years with indigestion and tried all kinds	times	the	quantity	of	dampness	that
lay evening, Jan. 11th, at the Brick	of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic	air	can	when	reduced	to	the	tempera-
Church. The reports that were read by tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com ture of freezing, the various branches showed a balance pletely cured me ” nn hand The Church Treasurer’s re port is one of the best ever
revenue over #1900, and Mission* $1000. asthma or coughing since I took the This includes special gifts, like Chap- fourth doses of your remedy.’
Iain’s Fund, $40, etc., but not the Bible Sufferers should secure a supply of Society and other outside funds. The this splendid remedy at once from Shaw balance on hand was $235. The result ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou-of the canvass of the congregation for a	longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que
t0% increase for 1918 was more than	J L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., O
realized, so we are hopeful of the new wa . or direct from the manufacturer year	W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Knox Church reported a balance on price 75c. per bottle. In remitting hand of $78. Knox W. M. 8. raised for mail orders, add sufficient to cover $116 ; Brick W, M. 8. a total of #224, postage.
SHAWVILLE
Flour per barrel $11.50 Wheat, pel bushel, $2.10 to 2.15 Oats,per bushel, 85c.
Beans per bushel, #0.00.
Butter tubs printsand rolls 85c Potatoes per bag. 1.50 Eggs per dozen 46c.
Fowls, 12 to 18c per lb.
Geese. 13c. per lb.
Hides per 100 lbs. 13.C0 Pelts 75c. to 1.75 each Horse Hides each 6.00 Calfskinseach 1.00 to 1.26 Veal Skins each 90c
Noted aMésI With Our Troop#.
Mr. Augustus Johns, who has associated himself with the Canadian Expeditionary Force In order to make a number of paintings, is one of the very foremost artists of our day. There can be no doubt that his canvases will excite the utmost interest. His works always attract quick notice at the Royal Academy portrait of Mr. Lloyd George was perhaps the most talked of picture of it# year. In some respects he reminds one of Sargent inasmuch as he goes right away from the conventional. Sargent has always loved to pick out characteristic#, whether they were complimentary or not. Mr. Augustus Johns In his portrait of the Prime Minister produced a picture which was amazing In its intimacy. He seemed to have sought out his subject at a time when so far as drees was concerned he was most neglige, and he had caught him too with hair ruffled as with the fatigue
a	toil ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
seemed moreover at first to be an Impressionist view, but It was arresting, and the more one looked at it the more one felt with what intense determination to bring out the mind of the man and to scorn extrinsic considerations the artist had labored.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren-
1 had rheumatism in
When softened, add
From there he had
Moisture and Temperature.
A cubic foot of air at the temperature of zero (F.) can contain only A of a grain of water vapor, at 32 degrees It can hold 2.13 grains, at 65 It can contain 6.8 grains and at 98 it can hold 18.96 grains of moisture in suspension. These figures go to show that
¦a
E. M. Lindholm
His


Among the Missing.
There'll be many a well known face missing from the next House of Commons. Hon. George P. Graham's great voice will no more go into competition with the hoarse boom of the 'haudlere. Hon. William Pugsley has buried bis many griefs In the dim dignity of the New Brunswick Government House Hazen will tell no more of ships that pass in the night. ’Ned" Macdonald will omit his dally declamation and Hon. Bob Rogers will no longer smile at his defamera across the aisle
oratory missing from that new Parliament.
The following are last Saturdays quoi allons :
Butter, In prints 48c to50c Butter In palls 45 to 50c Eggs, fresh, oer dosen 66 to 60c Potatoes per hag, #2.00	; âp L
Pork per 100 lbs #20 00 to 25.00 Beef, per 100lbs, $17.00 to $19.00.
Oats per bushel 85c
Hay per ton 15.00 to 16.00
Mr. I). M. Robertson, Renfrew, General I writes : “ I have not had an attack 01
Longer Than Expected. Vandeveuter—80 at your request he spoke at your dinner?
Broadway—He did.
"And did be come up to your expectations?"	—•
"Why, he went an hour beyond It”—

Hon. J. D
The countenance
tta
One of Life's Tragedies.
Among the tragedies of life la the good wife who has Just observed her twenty fifth wedding anniversary, but la a till doping for a set of silver spoon#
Yea, there will be a lot of
Equity /\dvts. Pay.



3




02142219
###PAGE###5###
/
4
4
:
THE EQUITY,
Few Blind Heron.
Id the faee of general horror of blindness It Is Interesting to note that the assumption In many quarters that the war will turn back Into Canada hundreds of sightless men Is without foundation. The records of the Military Hospitals Commission, under whose direction all disabled soldiers come when they return to this country, show that of the 400,000 Canadians sent overseas, only 31 have been blinded to date.
Nine of these men have been returned to Canida ready to carry on In professions which they learned at St. Dunstan’s School for the Blind in London, England, and are making good ; the rest are in England, still In training.
There have been several cases in which the men have become blind after their return to Canada, and provision for their re education has been made In the School for the Blind at Halifax, under the direction of Sir Frederick Fraser.
Sir Frederick Is planning a new Institution now which will accommodate any further cases of this kind, and rival the St. Dunstan's School and the Light House established by Ml as Winifred Holt Id Paris for the re education of the blinded soldiers in France. lie Is planning to Include a printing house for the publication of literature in the raised type used | of thin «listnet by the blind, Including a daily newspaper and a monthly magazine.
The Braille system of raised dots has restored the world to the blind.
With an awl the blinded soldier learns to write In the Braille characters, and his finger tips, running quickly along the pricked lines,
"see" what is written there small children learn It readily, so simple is the system, and combining this new knowledge with the mastery of the typewriter by the touch system, generally in vogue in all the commercial schools, a man may qualify for efficiency in any business office.
11 Bargains In Ladies’ And Child’s Coats.
FALL WEATHER
4 Weekly 4tenu I tented to Item Internet*
Reminds us that the cold season is not far away, that our home comforts should be looked after at once. Our furnaces may need repairs, or some new stove pipes may be wanted ; or perhaps we may need a new stove -as this is one of the greatest of all home comforts. If we go to DALE’S we are sure of getting an article which will give the greatest degree of comfort and satisfaction He keeps several styles of the latest makes.
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
erasoarPTioii, |l a Yiar in Adtanob
All Arrears must be paid up before any paper la discontinued.
iOvaitrisiNo hates.
Legal advertising, lu cents per line for let Insertion aud 5 cents per lino or each
subsequent insertion
Business card» not exceeding one Inch inserted at #&.(*) per fear.
Local announcement» Inserted at th« rate of d cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
On n ûerolaI alvertlsing by the month tor longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be gives en application.
A Irertlse uenls received without Instructions acoomoanf Ing them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for aooordlielr.
Birth, nirrlage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry rieoltned.
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
GK W. DüAwL
6 Child’s Coats in Chinchilla Blanket
Cloth and Bearskin in sizes 20 and 22. Range of prices 3.00 to 3.75, to clear at $2 00 each.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
1 only Lady's black beaver cloth Coat
with (ur collar of Marmot. Size 38, formerly 20 00 to clear at $15.00.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices aie such that it will br to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
|l«l
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of lob Printing nestly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.	w
JOHN A. COWAN,
Pa blinker
1 only Lady’s black beaver cloth Goat
with fur collar of Brown Cooney. Size 34, formerly 20.00 to clear at $15,00.
Profaasio&al Cards.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
DR. A. H. BEERS
Even
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory
SURGEON DENTIST
CAMPBELL* Bat
1 only Lady’s cloth Goat of black curl
trimmed with belt and buttons. Size 38, formerly 12 50 to clear at $10.00.
Qua.
Doctor of Medicine *ad Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Those Treble-Barrelled Names
1 only Lady’s Goat blanket cloth in navy
blue. Size 34, formerly 8.00 to clear at $5.00,
A friend of mine, a Canadian soldier, told me an amusing story the other day when referring, in the course of conversation, to Sir Genille Cave-Brown-Cave, the "cowboy baronet," whose name has recently been somewhat prominently before the public.
It appears that there is a branch of the family living near my friend's house in Vancouver, and they are mightily proud of their treble-barreled name.
One day a well-known resident of Vancouver named Home was in conversation with one of them, and casually dropped two-thirds of his ii a me. Whereupon he was promptly called to order as follows:
"I say, old chap, don't call me Cave. I prefer to be called Cave-Brown-Cave."
Mr. Home apologized, but did not forget. And a little later, when Mr. Cave-Brown-Cave began a remark with, "I say, Home," the other evened up.
S. A. MACKAY
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
NOTARY PUBLIC Shawville,
Que.
1 only Lady’s black beaver cloth Goat lined with Marmot and Marmot collar. Size 36, formerly 42.00 to clear at $30.00.
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
ADVOCATE, lAlllSTil, *0.
CAMPBKLLS BAT. ouk.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weel^.
Custom Sawing
G. F. HODGINS CO. LTD
mn oe compared to tuai oi any other bird whose song Is known to
me. It Is the song of the wind sung	I ft| O I I	A ElrtF*
by a bird; a single long-drawn,	I |\| X I I	K A |\| I . ?
double-toned, wonderfully vibrant	I 11 w V	11 fi I # V ¦
whistle of one note. When the singer is near, it rises with swelling resonance until the woods echo with Its singular timbre, then dies away without once conveying a definite idea of the bird’s whereabouts. In a moment It Is repeated In a different key, but always with the indescribable ringing quality which makes It I No Charge for Policy Fee. unique among the songs of American birds. He who gees the bird In the act of singing may count himself fortunate. Indeed, In the forests about
Glacier, the bird is at all times diffl- I BRECKENR1DGE cult to discover. Here, from July 18 [Rockies who give any thought to the to 20, 1907, we heard at least fifty subject, leave them, I think, with the
impression that they are deficient in On a former visit, later In the month, bird life," writes Frank M. Chap man in Camps and Cruises
burning tourist is kept in a state of unfledged young; a striking response e I intense enthusiasm by what is probably the most Impressive scenery he has ever beheld, and from tho time he enters the mountains until he leaves them, his outlook never lacks a view which is not worthy all the homage his nature is fitted to render. Small wonder, then, that he has no time to look for birds, and If he does not look for them he will not find them.
CEO.C. MIGHT, K.C.
A • v > 3arci Barrister, ac
$1,000 STOCK
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN THE OLDEST AND BEST
198 Main St. - Hull.
"Don't call me Home, old chap," he said. "I prefer to be called ilome-Sweet-Hoiue.’1
COMPAN IBS.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
AOVJCATt
BARRI .TER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS U\Y, yUE
To be sold at 20 p. c. discount in one week
BIRDS IN THE ROCKIES.
Call or write for Rates and Particulars,
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Facts Noted by Tourist Who lias
Love of Nature.
Most visitors to the Canadian
At Quyon, Quebec
February 4 to 9, inclusive
Will be In Fort Uoulonge every Wed iie»day and Shawville every Saturday.
Varied Thrushes, but did not see one
For Service
they frequented the lawn in front of The the hotel to gather food ior their
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
A Registered Chester White Hog, from me of the best herds in Ontario. Fee— by this elusive forest dweller to the | $1.50 for one, $2.80 fottwe. advance of civilization."
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
191 Main st.,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
4
J. C. GLENN
MULL
274
Bristol.
There are some good fat bargains. Come early and avoid the rush.
$125 worth of Whips and Lashes.
Special 4 doz. Team Collars, 2 doz. Buggy Collars.
I set of U in. Coarse Fine Harness worth $62.00, to go for I mm “
152.00. A few sets of other Hvj- Harness to go cheap.	,\ff cZSLV SSL
A few aets of Double Driving and Single Harness.	£
1 set of Rope Harness to sell very cheap.	fore, no orchards or stubbie fields,
or other artificial conditions favor»
6 doz. Ventiplex and Red Edge Collar Pads at a low nrice able 10 the ,ncrea8e of those bird*
°	“	• which readily adapt themselves to
GEORGE HYNES|Some Alaskan Robes’ Motor Robes- w°o1 and OilclothI
Knee Rugs ; also Buggy Dusters. These are last year’s lnhablt theae *r*at coniferous woods,
J	| but the height of the trees and den-
stock, and are very cheap.
Harness Oil 70c. per gallon or 20c. a quart.
Boost Canadian Timber.
The Executive Council of the Imperial Institute has constituted an Advisory Committee for Canada consisting of Sir George Per ley, chairman; Sir Robert Kindersley, K.
RE., Governor of Hudson's .Bay | my wife Company; J. G. Colmer, C.M.G., formerly Secretary High Commissioner's Office In London; J. H.
Plummer, Dominion Steel Corporation; and Sir Keith Prince, of the Ministry of Munitions.
One of the most important matters on which action is being taken by the committee is that of the more extensive utilisation of Canadian timbers in the United Kingdom rangements have been made for a
NOTICE.
I hereby give notice that I do not hold myself responsible for the payment of any bills contracted in my name, except
GEORGE E. MORENGY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
JOHN L. FRASER
Shawville, Jan. 14, 1918
ALL KINDS Or
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Mans, Lines, Boundaries, &o.
B xaoiited carefully to the eatlefac-
Telephone Rentals Notice
There are, there
Subscribers of the Pontiac Rural Telephone Company, Limited, spectfully reminded that rentals for the first half of 1918 are payable in Janu-
or more for 1918. Thanks
R. W. HO
Hull
162 Wellington 8t
Phone : Queen 5230.
are re
Ar-
rled out by the Office of Works with a view to the inclusion of these timbers in official specifications.
There will probably be a considerable demand by tanners in the Dominion for Indian cowhides (kips) which before the war were mostly taken by Germany and Austria. The outbreak of war caused a very large Increase In the demand in England About 30 good horses (mares prefer special steels containing molyb- ferret!) for the Western Market, denum and other comparatively rare May be slightly lieavey, but must metals. The Munitions Board at Ot- be sound in limbs and in good fat tawa was commissioned to purchase condition, and not over 9 years old. Canadian ore on their behalf. Con-stderable quantities of molybdenite ore are now being produced in Can-
INS, Secretary
Gf
sity of the undergrowth afford them opportunities of concealment. They are consequently more often heard than seen, and if one's ear is not attuned to their voices, they will pass
¦	__ unnoticed, and one will have missed
On account of the advance in Goods, Horse he,ring 80me of our best sonK8ters
.	.	-	—	_	__	,	9	under conditions which would	make
Blankets, Storm	Covers,	and all	other	small | the experience memorable,
articles, we would advise all to take advan* 'Mronerr°iiii«t!on8o(*0."iHr 'om."
tage of these reductions.	15Ï”1.,\‘.ï	"Ul. SSS
thrilled by the majesty of the mow-crowned mountains and awed » the grandeur of the forests, the calm, pure, heavenly hymn of the Hermit reaches chords in one’s nature untouched before.
“Throughout this region, the Her-
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal ittention.Open all hours.
HORSES WANTED.
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
Apply at once.
G. A. HOWARD.
Shawville.
W. J. HAYES
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
A discount of 10 p. c. will be given
on all orders for Harness, Collars, and other articles during the sale week.
ad a
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
gonal attention
tm
The Gnat
The gnat is only one of the many mit is a common bird, its song sea- species of mosquito known to dipt*>r-son lasting until the end of July, lets. Altogether there are no fewer Sealed Tenders will be received by while the Olive-backed Thrush, than thirty-five described as natives the undersigned Secretary of the Muni-whicb, r.s a songster is not far behind of Europe, whilst as many as one cipality of Clarendon, before Monday, him. Is even more common. The hundred and thirty different varie- February 4th, 1918, for 15,000 feet (B. Western Robin, which differs from ties are found scattered over the ) 0f good, sound cedar squares to be lU eaitern represenutlje only in the rest of the world. Of this Urge nom- delivered a*'designated, not later than
srasusns t•sst Tt!S,r" ¦
of the Thrush family. Is also gener- fly"—while others are content with	J	ST J. Î1,*1?1
ally distributed and shows a ready the title of “gnat"; but from a sc ten-	”l11 „ , • ' , J " n0
disposition, to abandon Its forest tlflc point of view there is no differ- |IMHl	H^Kigms, i arm ;
ways for a home about the haunts of	ence between the insect known	under	5,000 " Shawville.
men. At Glacier, to this trio of	these different popular nsims.	4 to be 6 x 6 inches,
thrushes Is added the Varied Thrush,----------------------}	to be 8 x 8	“
a bird of striking appearance and re-	The Highest Falls.	Lengths—8 to he 16 feet,
raKSSVai
The eons of the Varied Thm.b ** Nu,mra drop 1,4 *«et.
Tenders for Cedars
*
J. L. HODGINS
Don’t forget the dates of sale
February 4th to 9th, inclusive.
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
A Happy and Prosperous New Year to all Customers.
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
LYS
JAMES McLARNON
E. T. HODGINS,
Hec.Trea.%
In all countri TOR S ADVISER,which wIU be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
Montréal.
Ask for our IN YEN-
1
Shawville, January 10, 1918
QUYON, QUE.
HARNESS MAKER,
W University

###PAGE###6###
%
*
I
I
I it a riifa*age telling Major Strachan to return at once. So the remnant o( the
ntUad roll* rode hack, having several Satisfactory Experiment* With Kief
encounters on the way, and forcing n German prisoner to show them the
___	: direction to Meunières, which he did
In England there Is a village in	iafter much protestation, lyfoitf down at
which all of the Inhabitants are Hus-WHEN CAMBRAI V* AS WITHIN times ami refusing to go on
ELECTRICITY VS. STEAM
CANADA’S CHARGE OF LIGHT BRIGADE
A RUSSIAN VILLAGE IN ENGLAND
~r~Jfî)ÎT
Modelled After the Plan of a Com munlty of Peasants In Their Home Land.
Irlc Locomotive* on U S Line#
Actual want of any commodity provides the most direct appeal possible for its conservation. The use of electricity, instead of steam, on those portions of Canada's railways adjacent to water-powers would materially reduce our dependence on the United States for coal. In 1916, the railways of Canada used 8,996,000 tons of coal, or about 01 per cent, of our total production. In fact, the increased price of coni may soon compel us to use hydro-electric energy extensively as a to railway motive power.
Certain American railway companies Imve carried out extensive experiments in electrification within the past two years and many of the results are of more than ordinary interest. On its Rocky Mountain division, the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul replaced its steam locomotives by electric. Elec-i tricity is decidedly superior to steam in operating efficiency, especially in cold weather. Electric power made it ' possible to operate more trains over the same tracks and that, without the
Pc
siana and In which the religion, work, customs and language are all those of
Hip; |;S-|S aasïï »rr=-
seres of land about It. and he brought	fVHl 0f arms, and of chagrin Nay, nay, to the life-worn spirit
with him friends and dependents who	(his little van of the cavalry The happiest thoughts are those
laid the foundation of * hat is now a ^jj|r ^nd not been followed up by That carry us back to the simple joys fair sized colony. At Turk ton Tcber* ^ l,rval masses of British rider.; And the sweetness of life's repose.
which were waiting in reserve.
“It was Balaclava all over again—j just a handful charging an army, go-right through the battery smoke, sabring the gunners, and all the rest of it," exclaimed the narrator.
“It was simply magnificent. And
with

BRITISH GRASP
Afterglow.
After the clangor of battle There cornea n moment of rest,
And the simple hopes and the simple joys
Ami the simple thoughts are best. ,

i
The
Then what is the happiest memory?
Is it the foe's defeat?
Is it the splendid praise of a world That thunders by at your feet ?
am
well behaved
was a

There are two kinds of hearings
ai >* anti friction bear	al
'l he plain bearing has been used perform the important function ot fo, years >ou aie familiar with it in keeping the shafts in use so that the
ma« h ? es of all kinds, and you have gears slide smoothly in ami out of
In the
able in the transmission
In the transmission
ph
ing
t on the wheels of the big loco- mesh and run without noise
If it is good enough for the differential they have an added duty s cam locomotive why is it not satis- to perl01 m factory for use in any part of the auto is transinl mobile?
many other Russian
SI
koff welcomed exiles and found work for all. either In agricultural labor. In printing books and pamplots on liberty and human rights, or In the ordinary trades common to village life
A simple love and a simple trust,
And a simple duty done,
Are truer torches to light to death
Than a whole world's victories won.'and round-house facilities, and the
Wilfred Cam pi 1
n
Power from the engine tied to the rear axle by
The prea-
I you h ivo v\< t	' su v between the teeth of the pinion
ful the engineer is to oil these hear- ami the large gear with which it huUt |ww	nnd took cottages
ings at frequent intervals you have me. hes gives the pinion a tendency to pven f|| Snnthlj<mnie RsWf. and went partly answered the question, accord- climb on the teeth of the gear, and ing to ('harks Hammond, in Motor the heating must take all the strain of l ife. Would you like to stop every keeping it in place, few hours and lubricate the front and With the exception of the tapered
That is what you roller bearing, anti friction bearings
not adjustable, and require re-
need for ‘helped* locomotives. Again there was a great saving in termina

mg
means of a driving pinion
rolling stock was not subjected to a* much wear nnd tear as when steam was used. This latter fact was largely due to the superior braking qunli-
Tho Russians
"W e W ho Are Left Behind."
Our boy» go «»fT and we see them go With heart that breaks and tears that ties of electric-drawn trains
then, when we had got away it, and rushed the enemy •_
feel, and had him in lull	|	flow.	ibrakes were not used on grades, ex-
British aimy h« t\«i »*	We who are left behind!	, rent, of the power consumed during
to make was riRht 0111	. .	, the period of the test was generated
thousands o'ridera behind us tailed to,But hngland call, them to join the by the traîna themselves on the down
I come up, and we were reea < > .	strife,	1 grades. The experiment was so eatie-
heart-breaking Our ( olonel is a bd a,„ mother, sister swee heart wife; fa,tory that the tompany h;is decided
terly dlsappoinW man. We had Cam-Were proud to he linked to a soldiers tft jnsta, electric ,quipmn„t „„ its" ('as
! grai apparently m orn-grasp and by J	life,	! rade division as well,
taking it would have flung the Hun j y e who are left behind!
far back. Now we must wait, al-	........	...
r i's.f - -sa trs:
have taken a chance. However, who knows?,
on printing the literature that was spreading ToNtoy's doctrines in every part of the world. They began bookbinding. too. in some of the houses So prosperous did the community become iv.i' \i T< hei ff t dl) iw ings demand constant lubrication. This placement or regrinding when worn thp (lisUKVlj premises of the old
i- because tin rotating ift does not out Because of the important p«>: bear directly against the soft hearing tions which they occupy in the car it metal, hut is separated from it by a ls imperative that replacement be thin film of oil. which must be con- made as soon as wear has become existant ly maintained in order to keep dent, but if the car has been properly the metal from wearing away rapidly, equipped the hearings will last several The crankshaft hearings are of thi< type, and you know that in spite of the
fact That they are constantly auto- which originates in the bearings de mat ica I ly lubricated, they wear out manda immediate attention, rapidly and allow play enough for There appears to be an erroneous gja knocks and thumps to develop in the belief that hall or roller hearings relubrication, and that they
Such
ofT his
Ail
rei 1 wheel axles? would have to do, because plain hear
m
Christchurch Waterworks Company for his printing establishment.
The village of Tuckton Is one of the most peaceful in England, and all’its residents live in almost ideal communistic fashioi
In a region so lacking in coal and sc rich in water-power as is Central Can-
Vhe\ form indeed
inspection is
Occasional
a large hand of exiles, brought together as brothers, laboring for the good of humanity ; they Include every sort of well educated men from Bus-
seasons.
necessary
and. of course, any noise
fication of part of our steam railway Brave in our sorrow for those that mileage. If the mal new consumed by
I railway locomotives could he turned tc Brave when defeat would our heart | other productive Use», an important
step would be taken in making Cunadii more independent of the American coal market. Concurrently with that • n_ advantage, the country's trade balance j would he considerably improved.
peasantry
and talk with clever journalists, ghy siciuns. lawyers, university folk, for
fall,
!
engine
quire
The second kind of hearing is the operate just as well when dry. anti friction type, in which the shaft a belief is far from the truth. Oil mev vv«kaltli> peopl ! i rolli contact with the bearing, or grease is not only necessary • (,r	,u, who have all either escaped
and in which friction is greatly re- ( lubricant, but also as a protective the clurrllt^ of llle authorities who j *T suppose you have read how duced. To understand the difference agent to prevent rust, and by «ur-jUged to 8t>rve (|14. ,/.ar or have volun- clashed into Mesnieres village right
rolling and sliding friction,1 rounding the bearing to prevent the (uri,y exqed themselves in order to behind the tanks? It was then about place a hook flat on the table and push entrance of dust or grit. Only the ghaf/v in carrving uUt the enlighten- 2 o’clock in the afternoon—the main . it over the surface. Now place pen- best mineral oil or light grease should mvht of tht,	ut their fellows, body of the Fort Garry» having re-
i il> under the books and, of course, be used for this purpose. Contrary frum lbls 8(.oure haven of freedom by ! ceived orders from Headquarters to you can move it over the top of the to the general opinion, graphite in vh(> charming banks of the Stour. I remain in the	village—that Major
table with much less effort. This is gr0ase. even though finely pulverized,j Among tju. hardest worked and the Henry Strachan, whose exploit won thv principle of the roller bearing, in tauses the Waring to wear out more busiest of .,miic settlers in this Eng him the V.C., rode out on a cavalry which the rollers, corresponding to the rapidly, and does not improve the run- lis,1 hamlet is M Telierikoff himself, raid which will forever be famous in . are arranged around the cir- ning qualities of the bearing t>r red e l(,r |1(1
the friction
appal;
Brave to believe God is over all-we • We who are left behind!
ami aristocrats
Won Him the Victoria Cross
We cannot fight—hut xve’ll work stead,
Active with fingers and heart and head,
To help the living and honor the dead, We who are left behind!
bet wee t
?
WHEN PARIS WAS SAVED
Message Sent by jUcn. Juffrv to the
Erencli Army.
?
THIRTEEN!"
France expects from every son that before he lets the enemy puss he will die where he now stands fighting Joffre.
To his beloved poilu* at the crucial hour Gen. J offre sent this message before the battle which saved Paris and checked the advance of the German armies at the Marne.
It seems that Gen. doff re before the turn in the fight came had taken seclusion in a fine chateau temporarily turned into headquarters for the Commander-in-Chief. He was well aware that the critical time for the French
on the simplest plan- he eats frugal- and his horsemen advanced at least Vnhed 8tatee> gaVR a Ij011(1<)n weekly.
1>. and furnishes his own rooms as another six miles into enemy territory. Jbe Vn|o!| originally consisted of plainly as If he were the lowest of the "Strachan a men rode straight back (h|rteen 8tateR# thc Declaration of InI 1 ¦ ¦	¦	peasants. The whole hamlet Is guided towards the Boche rear, declared my j ndence was signed by thirteen
War is a dreadful thing and we all by him. and modeled as if it were an ( informant, who was not with thls'men aI1(1 tbere were thirteen stars In hope thc time will soon come when ordinary Russian village of peasants , squadron,‘ and they saw little in the tbe original flag under which the there will he no need for nations fight- in the heart of a Russian forest. He j way of the formidable defences we ing. even for the sake of justice. Yet and those lie appoints for the purpose hear so much of. They also encoun-
the effect of wavs is not all bad, not look after the excellent sanitation, the tered very little opposition. They ran There Is a Thirteen Club, as every every whit evil, as may be easily j health, the cleanliness of the settle- up against scattered troops and a toy body knoWR jn (his country proved. For thc sake of winning nient. They take note of any domes- machine gunners, and some field ar« meetg jn ftoom 13 at the Hoi born Res
some of thc most wonderful inven- tic arrangements among new workers tillvry uf a fairly heavy type. ^tra* ' taurant, sets thirteen tables, and sits army waP at hand !	-,	r	1	L	lions ever puzzled out by the brain of that are not as satisfactory as they chan’s men just rushed at these Huns thirteen at a table, if possible, and al
;..m g the axis of the shall is ' <	1 man bave been made to kill, to maim, should be, and insist on an Immediate and killed them. One Fort Garry cor- wayg bas Its knives set crosswise
up	by an	end	thrust	bearing.	I ne	tQ <le<trov the enemy and to aid. ad-	alteration:	they act as guides and	, poral actually, after killing a machine	buf* Amerira bas a	Friday-Thirteenth	he would take up a map or military
tapered roller bearing	is	désigne-	to	yjmce prote(.t tb0se who are in the	mentors to	the newcomers, and grad-	gunner, turned his	gun against some	club	whleh meets	whenever	Friday	paper and study it closely. Orderlies
take care of both ot these loads.	in	husiness of billing. And as some of	ually teach them what it Is	necessary	, other Germans and wiped them out.	; faUg on the thirteenth of the month.	with discouraging news dashed	in and
pitntiple it is much the same as	the	these inventions, more or less changed	for dwellers In England to	know and	One field battery they surprised fired	Itg president considers himself the	out. At one time a Colonel	rushed
eoik in a bottle. Wi can rotate Lie	^ meet peaceful conditions, will	be	at the same time help to	retain their ,	its guns at point-blank from a dis-	luckiest of men. He was	horn on Frl-	to J offre and pointed out	a	serious
colk, but prcssui behind it wil not	uged after the war, some being	en-	true Russian individualism and	na-	tance of about one hundred yards. The	' day 18thl graduated on	Friday. 13th,	reverse at an important point	of the
force it inside. In the roller .ear- tjpel |1ew# others improvements on tiemahty.	i Huns missed, and the next instant our a|ld got carried on the same day and line. The gray haired man silently
ing of this type provision has n so metb0,b formerly in use, there'is,	. .	^	-___ , hoys were killing them with their (1ate# a little later 011.	listened to his subordinate and replied:
i « t, made foi «‘king caie ot a <vilam therefore, a decided gain to be re-	. ih r	swords in the good old style!"	The late President Morgan used to "It is so."
amount of end thrust.	corded through indulging in war.	*' Ure*	'	Almost Reachej Cambrai.	defy fate by housing his art treasures. The place was immersed in gloom.
The submarine for dredging and the A young doctor recently took a	| By this time Strachan’s party had	which were priceless, at 13 Prince's	Some of the	officers in	subdued voices
observation of channel bottoms, the	young lady	to the opera. Thc certain	cut three lines of	German telephone	Gate.	Loudon. But	it is a fact	that a	were discussing what might happen
.	perfected torpedo for the destruction	was late in	rising, says the Forecast,	wjreK far |n the	rear, and cleared	tenth	of the London	street* are	minus	to Paris. Suddenly a change came. A
Heie ;h > -’any the we ek	of	wreck# and derelicts, the caterpillar	and the girl complained	of feeling	aWkV what few obstacles had before	this number. There is no thirteen in	bulletin had been handed to	Joffre.
|ba_car over bumps and in ruta.	In	tread for heavy trucks and loads over	faint. The doctor took	something	interposed the advance of the in-	the Strand. Holborn. Weetbourne	His cheeks flushed and a curious ex-
turmiig it	the end thrust me	any bind uf ground, motor lorries	for	from his pocket and said:	1	fan try. Dusk was coming on, and	Grove, the Haymarket,	St. James'	pression came in his face,
tinned above makt > a second lorce	transportation in general, the	im-,	“Here, keep this in your	mouth;	but,	^ no reinforcements The little party	Street, Lowndes Square.	Park Lane,	Two divisions were going	to vvith-
whivh throws you toward the outer provement jn excavation as practised he sure and don’t swallow it."	| ôf horsemen, now quite close to Cam Threadneedle	Streetr Tokenhouse draw and give the enemy a foothold,
edge ot the seat when the car rounds a jn the trenches, the general advance in She placed the tablet upon her	brai could see a stream of infantry	Yard, or London Street.	The bulletin	was	given	the most care
curve and it a«.ds greatty to the un- 8hipping, the adoption of new and tongue and turned it over and over, hurrying out in great confusion—a	--- ¦ +—-------- ful scrutiny. Joffre seized a sheet of
den which the .curings must carry wonderful methods in hospital man- but it would not dissolve. She felt thousand or so scratch troops, said to	French Control of Metal.	paper and started writing. When he
1 '	' v “ ' ' n‘ 1 Man ia 1 "I agement and surgery are some of the better, however, and after a while she have been composed of batmen, clerks, France is taking steps to ensure the **a(1	h(‘ ordered that the von-
beneftts the war will bring.	took the tablet from her mouth	and	and anyone they could muster at »	economic development and control of ,	av t**anam*Ged to
Truly in this matter of wars, as well	slipped it into her glove; she was	curi-1 moment’s notice, to try and defend the	her mineral and metal industries after	a11 the officers ami men of the ! rench
as in most things that are generally	OU8 to examine, when she was	once	place. These Huns proceeded to dig	the war. A company has been formed,	army forthwith,
unfortunate, there is truth in the old 1 street light and, unbuttoning	her	themselves in along a road. Strachan, | entitled the Société Minerais et Me-	The message was delivered
glove, said:	j expecting reinforcements any time, taux, with a capital of $2,000,000 for Wa* saved. The German» were stopped
"That tablet you gave me made me selected a neighboring sunken road as the purpose of fostering and protect- an,i Rta,lvtl to ln- rrom. Iapa feel ever so much better. She bent Q good place to spend the night. Ac- ing the metal industries of the coun- '^°^re vomv words: more in the light, the tasteless	sub-	’ cordingly, into this ready-made trench	try. The company, which is represent-	"France expects from every son that
will blow to mankind many bigger	stance that had given her such relief.	; the Fort Garry’s scrambled with their	ative of existing interests, is not a	t'u‘ encm> Pas8
and better ideas concerning ways of. After they had left the opera house	horses. Several captured machine	profit-making enterprise so much as	^'v w^e,e *,e	now	stands fighting,
living for ourselves and for each other, the girl stopped under an electric	gun* were set up and brought into oc- i	an organization which has for its ob-
bvsides means and methods in detail, over something whit* and round in	rasional play, just to make the enemy	ject the improvement and extension of
her hand, looked up at the doctor and imagine a fair-sized force opposed the methods of distribution, treatment, the four B_’s—bread, bacon, Mans and stammered, "D-Dick! Why, it’s only them • a pearl button!^
oversees
1
cumfercnce of the shaft
a> the "little father community
( arc for Two Forces
INVENTIONS FOR NN AR
There arc two forces which the	----
hearings must take care of at certain Many of Them Will he Found l at ful
If you push down
points in the cai on the hook thc rollers or balls can
in Reace
take care of Ji< load, but suppose you push against the edge of the book. The book simply slides off of the rollers, and the only thing to do is to place another set of rollers against the edge of the hook at right angles to the table
many cases, and ihr force which acts
Colonist* fought their successful re volt.	-	.
which
This is just what is don: i*
Seated at hi* desk he spoke to none of the officers present. At intervals
1
In the hubs of the front wheels, 1 carings are subjected to a gren.c strain than in any other place in the car

the weight of the car is carried by the hearings. If the car strikes a stone or drops into a rut the load is great-intensified. and although springs and cushions protect the passenger, the full force of the blow is transmitted to the wheel bearings. It is important that these bearings be rugged enough to resist the wear and tear of the hard service which falls to their lot, for as soon as wear becomes noticeable and the wheel begins to wabble you can feel certain that miles are being clipped from the life of the tires.
11
connection with the fan shaft
Raris
adage
It's an ill wind that blows nobody

good '
The ill wind of war has blown and
'

Prussianism can be whipped with
•»
Queensland is e mated :o ha I",
unie
The farmer supplies three
and marketing of the metals produced bullets j Dawm came at last, and soon after \n France and her colonies.	1 -

hearings are used in 000.000 acres of unexplored and
the j served forests.
fourths of these
ffa.
• W
V
J
MO, Me REALlN DtO TRS I TO FLIRT -	- —»
HE’S STAMO1M6 Carta.
I RIGHT AROUND
TMT CORN PR l.J

TUM,THAT FELLOW BACK OMIT Noi)R KJPWH* THIRfc TR\tD TO FLIRT
wiTH Mtjr - ~
III
JUST AS | SAID IH THE FIRST PLACE -THAT FELLOW WASN’T TRYING ToFURT WITH loo! ITS j
ICT " ^
WELL” 60 BACK AMO TEACH
that cun a r~
lessonM

EVPRN WOMAN TutN<6 ALL THE-MEN A«e CRAZN 7 ABOUT THEM
A'T'



I
/.
o*
Z
f
/


X

i
y

IFr


\\

>
w

ku..


###PAGE###7###
\
HOW THEY WON I THE VICTORIA CROSS
to end by Intense rifle and machine o—o—o—o—o—o—r> -o—o—o—o—o—e	“Quoth the Ro\en."
gun fire. On reaching the enemy	!	LI FT YOUR CORNS	J	In all times	and countries people
trench he halted and fired two or three	[	with FINGERS I	have regarded	the raven with supershots into it killing bne or two of the	r	P	stitious awe.	Poe’s bird said “Never
enemy, but as others in the trench	1	--- 6	more!" in a sepulchral voice, and the
continued to Are at him he jumped 1 How to loosen a tender corn croak of a raven is considered a sort into it and attacked them with his T or callus to it lifts out f of pr(.8ttge of ,|efeat, calamity, and STORIES OF THRILLING ACTS OF bayonet in his hand, as owing to his 9	without pain.	f (!eath
rifle being damaged, it was not fixed, o—o—o- o~©—o~o—o—o-o	o—o The Royal house of Austria, the
On being attacked in this resolute |,et folks step on your feet here- Hapshurgs, is perhaps the most unmanner most of the enemy fled to after; wear shoes a size smaller if fortunate in the world. Calamity dogs ee	.	-	«	(heir second line trench, but not be- you like, for corns will never again their steps, and it is always associât
IIow British Heroes by Conspicuous fore private Melvin had killed two tend electric sparks of pu in through *d with the raven.
lira very Won Coveted Medal,
ROYAL
Two Practical Designs


MADE IN CANADA
V
X
%
#

Lx
HIGH COURAGE.
w

%
more and succeeded in disarming you. according to this Cincinnati
eight unwounded and one wounded,	authority.	his wife wire taking their	last	walk at
Private Melvin bound up the wounds	He says that a few drops of a	drug	Miramar, «prior to leaving	for	Mexico,
of the wounded man, and then driv- called freezone, applied directly upên u raven continually followed them, and ing his eight unwounded prisoners be- a tender, aching corn, instantly re- ttt last hopped
fore him, and supporting the wound- Uevpe soreness, and soon the entire train. Three years later the Arrhduki ed one, he hustled them out of the corn, root a i id * a 11, lifts right out. trench, marched them in, and deliver- This drug dries at once and simply ed them over to an officer. He then provided himself with a load of am
line where he reported himself to his at any drug store will cost very little | peach from the hand of the Empress] platoon sergeant. All this was done, but will positively remove every hard Elizabeth, wife of the late Emperor j not only under intense rifle and ma-	or soft corn or callus from one’s foot.	Francis Joseph, the day	before she
chine gun fire, but the whole way back	If your druggist hasn’t stocked	this	Was assassinated at Geneva
Private Melvin and his party were ex- new drug yet, tell him to get a small 1 posed to a very heavy artillery bar- bottle of freezoine for you from his
wholesale drug house.
When the Archduke Maximilian and
\
'vV


/
Moat Prized of Honor*
*
MAKES ay PERFECT V BREAD

t
x
Ifll/ /
The Victoria Cross is a decoration conferred on officers and men of all ranks of the British army and navy for personal bravery. It was founded on January 2i>, 1856, and consists of a bronze Maltese cross, bearing in the centre the royal crown, surmounted by a lion, while on a scroll underneath» is the inscription, “For Valor.” The distinction had been gained by 522 officers and men before the present war, and approximately 300 more have been won in the last three years.
The London Gazette with official brevity, gives account of the heroism and devotion to duty of nine British soldiers, who have been rewarded by the highest honor the British soldier can win—the Victoria Cross. The brief stories from their very reticence tell
* ii *uBVllCa v 8V 1<>0^	u,r PI * Y - M c-	gif the more effectively of thrilling	Baby's	Own Tablets	is the only
vail Pattern No. 781*2,	Girl’s Middy	bravery and of the exhibition of capa-	medicine	a mother needs	for her lit-
„.***" , _ * " (> *lzes» *	t0 years,	city, for leadership on the part of an	tie ones
Pria 15 cents
on the archduchess


was shot at Querciaro.
When the Archduchess Maria f'hrls-sh rivets up the corn or callus without tina left for her unhappy lift- in Spain, even Irritating the surrounding tlseue. ] a raven is said to have hovered over A small bottle of freezone obtained her carriage, and another dashed a
h
YEAST

t
i
Anyone can carry his burden, how-r heavy, till nightfall ran do his work, however hard, for I one day
patiently, lovingly, purely till the sun I goes down ever really means. Robert Louie Stevenson.
Anyone
Anyone can live sweetly,
Most famous of all was the flight of j ravens said to have been seen over Ol-1 mutz at the moment when Francis Joseph the Unlucky was becoming Emperor of Austria.
And that is all that life
rage
?
THE ONLY MEDICINE
THE BABY NEEDS
Departure.
He took the sunlight with him,
The blue from out the skies,
And on our hearts deprived of these What heaviness there lies.
He was the dawns white comrade, The laughter of the wave;
To common tasks their sweetest Significance he gave.
He was not learned or lofty,
Not always even wise,
But one had hints of heaven through Those two brown, merry eyes.
O McCâi*
?
MinarcVe Liniment Cures Distemper,
T8»2 Drc*.
LEMON JUICE IS
FRECKLE REMOVER
Middy Dresses are very comfortable
In nearly every street of the cities j of Japan there i* a public oven, where for a small fee people may have their dinners cooked.

Girls! Make this cheap beauty lotion to clear and whiten your skin.
They are a gentle but officer, non-commissioned officers and thorough laxative which instantly
relieve all stomach and bowel disor-
Hqueezo the Juice of two lemons in- — to a bottle containing three ounces of -orchard white* shake well, and you ( have a quarter pint of the best freckle 1 ,,,
and fan lotlo.,. and co nplexlon besutl- j ^	'‘'mn.woort.
fier, at very, very small cost.
Your grocer has the lemons and any drug store or toilet counter will sup ply three ounces of orchard white for a few cents
fragrant lotion into the face, neck, arms and hands each day and see how freckles and blemishes disappear and how clear, soft and white the skin becomes. Yes! It Is harmless.
MISCELLANEOUS
men
Lance-Corporal Hamilton
derm thus banishing al% the minor ills Brown Hamilton, Highland Light in- of little ones. Concerning them Mrs.
fantry (Lanarkshire), during the en- os Levesque, at. Simon, Que., says:
—“Baby's Own Tablets are a marvelous medicine for little ones
1 AN< ’Kit Tf’Muitrt. l.r.M/S KT«\,
Intel rwl nn<l external, cured uiih-t mmIii b> our In « * m * trealm^i.t Write
t»r. Itu 11ni iii M.-.It. «I
emy’s attack on the line held by our brigades the greatest difficulty was
experienced in keeping the front and never fall to cure stomach and t support lines supplied with smell-arm troubles and neither my sister lu-law ammunition owing to the intense and »r myself would use any other medl-continuous *elt of artillery finf placed nine for our little ones." The Tablets systematically by the enemy between ar® "^id by medicine dealers or
head-1 "'flI at 26 cents a box from The Dr. ' jje was not made for hardship— Williams1 Medicine Co Ont.
They
Articles Wanted for Cash
wel

The faith that centres effort He nourished with a smile;
His spirit's lightest gesture could Our apathy beguile.
Old Jewellery: Piste: Silver: Car .obi Mlnlstnree: Pitt men needlework : Lsces
Mas*:igc t b ! * sweetly (Old China:	Cut Olsss:	Orii.cmcnu
Watches: Kings? Table Ware.
Willi or , ni by ICxiuhfm. to
B. M It T JENKINS. Limited
A NT IU l K <1 ALL Kit I KH
28 sml 30 College Street. Toronto. Ont.
our various lines and battalion quarters.
At a time when this ammunition supply had reached a seriously low ebb, Lance-Corporal Hamilton on several occasions, on his own initiative,,
carried bandoliers of ammunition Experiment* Trove Fish Are SusceptJ through the enemy’s belts of fire to the	ible—Odor Travels Through Water
front and support line, and then, pass- A fish hasn’t a nose, but it can smell ing along these lines m full view o , Recent experiments have proved this, the enemy s snipers and machine guns yyhat is more, these experiments have --who were lying out in front of our ved that ^r travels through wa-line at close range distributed t iv just ag ^ (ioes through air. Ang-
ammunition to the men.	lers havc laid so much stress on the
need of exciting a fish’s interest by the The case of Second-Lieutenant H. F. ] look of food that the effect of scent Parsons, who belonged to the Glouces- has been overlooked. A shark will ter regiment, is one where a junior of- 1 bite at a hook containing a piece of
fleer grasped the importance of the pork, although the pork does not look j	! Spoonful
tz -"dfe wfr œ x “ini. ws :s zrer.z
.................- z,y	”iSiSESrEES
the enemy out of the line before they Bait placed inside a gauze bag was ,	th#- combination of the two.	u*	¦
I reached any of the British trenches. smelled within	three minutes of being	(^2*l,"pr.VèT«We' .o'Vim	.înl
How long Lieutenant Parsons held lowered in the water, ami almost at ,.|d| dfgestents. stimulant» or medii-in^H
'the position is not stated, but we do the same time all the fishes began nib- for imiig^tlon ^_
know that he was severely burned be- bling at the bag. When cotton was	Agen of Commun Birds,
fore the* situation developed and that stuffed into its	so-called “nostrils" the j	An j,’ng|jsh investigator	says	the
ing seems to Interest her and dainties during the time he held the enemy he dog fish would	seldom observe the	average ages to which some of	the
do uol tempt her appetite, you may be received such severe wounds that he fowl that came near them.	I more familiar birds live are as fol-
certaln that she needs more good Hied from them. The picture one na-	*	. .	. j lows: Crow, eagle, raven and swan,
blood than her system Is provided turally conjures up is that of a badly	Granulated Eyelids, ettch 100 years; heron, 09; parrot, 60;
with. Before long her pallid cheeks, wounded man, suffering a gieat deal,, j^e*>	goose and pelican, earh 50; sparrow-
frequent headaches, and breathless- yet, by sheer force of will, coolly	fe""ved by Murtncn Try it tn hawk, 40; skylark, 30; canary, crane
nehS and heart palpitation will con- throwing bombs and placing them	Byesmdln Baby's Eye», i an<] peacock, each 24; pigeon, 20;
Manv every time where they would be most |VUR LlLjNeSmrtiif.JustEyeCeKfert nightingale, 18; goldfinch, pheasant
It requires skill under the MerlneEye Remedy	mÎhÎÎ	! and partridge, each 15; lark. 13; rob-
best conditions to throw bombs accu- *,« *.*•.Tube# 26.-. Pori'*** »/<*«^>jr£ee- jn and blackbird, each 12; thrush ami rately. One may judge of the endur- ' Aik Marine Eye Hemrdy < o., c ucmg*4 , çommon ^wl, each 10; wren, 3.
Brockvllle,
The battle's rough employ;
He clove the air with radiant wing On offices of joy.
"XIT.
•>

m
NOSELESS, BUT CAN SMELL
The man who will not get out and help to shovel the drifts out of the i road so the mail-carrier or the school wagons can get through, ought to be taken by the nape of the neck and set I out in the biggest drift of all and made to stay there till he gets up spunk enough to dig himself out.
What storms shall blur his vision,

What signatures of pain Be set on those white brows before He comes to us again?


i
Helen A. Saxon
/y

If Stomach Hurts
Drink Hot Water
Bruises anti Sprains
Minard'e Liniment Cures Colds. Etc
Lieutenant Parsons
Have Sloan s Liniment bandy for bru»se*and sprains and all pains and aches. Quick relief follows its prompt application. No need to rub. It quickly penetrates to kfie trouble and drives out the pain. Cleaner thaï mussy plasters or ointments. Sloan's Liniment docs not stain the skin nor dog the p,res.
For rheumatic Lcl.es. neuralgia, ¦?iff rauecle-., lam# Imh. lumbago, gout, and op. jutta. it giv.» quick reM.
CciiTOua sized bottles at all drug*:.,*,.
An automobile radiator has been placed within a flywheel by a Ruma- j nian inventor, the water being cooled as it is whirled around.

A Physician’s Advice.
If d>H|>eptlcs. sufferer* from km* wind flatulence, stomach acidity or sour-
heartburn. etc.. I of pure bisu-
C M f,;%.
,o.

The Soul of a Piano k the Action. Insist on the
"OTTO HIGEL!’ PIANO ACTION
eusuui
•Is
Get the Most Out of
Your
Maple
Grove
!
•>
a
LISTLESS, PEEVISH GIRLS
<1
CLIMBED STAIRS ON HER HANDS
When a girl In her teens becomes peevish, listless and dull:	when noth-
Thl# you can do by ln*talliitg our ••Champion" Evaporator. rviHile In 2-different sizes. Hundred* of fai nier* make money *\eiy \ ear by using our famous machine stands for no waste, fullest returns and best syrup and sugar.
Write At Once for Free Boociet THE GRIMM M’N F'G. CO., Limited 58 Wellington St, Montreal, Que.
They know It
Too III to Walk Upright. Operation Advised. Saved L>y Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
firm that she Is anaemic mothers as the result of their own . effective
girlhood experience can promptly de tea the early signs of anaemia, and the
mill	-=
fore II ha. obtained a hold upon the same grasp of the fact, of a situation, Then t it on in boiling water fir
and gave his life to hold an important1 k as u9ual Out of their own experience thou- post> wa8 a Canadian infantry series ol mothers know that anaemia 1 geant, Frederick Hobson. During a is the sui* road to worse ills. They j strong hostile counter attack, an en know the difference that good red
Ciiticnra Soothes
MONEY ORDERS
This woman now raises chickens >md docs manual labor. Read her story: e Richmond. Ind.—-“For two years I was so sick and weak with troubles
from my age that when going up stairs 1 hai to go very slowly with my hands on the steps, then sit down at the top to rest. The doctor said he thought 1 should have an operation,
* and my friends » though U would not
j live to move into || our new house. My J daughter asked me to try Lydia E. Pink ham’s Vegetable Compound an the had t ak«*n it with go<xi results. 1 did so. my weakness lis-appeared, I gainer! in strength, moved into our new home, did al! kinds of garden work, shoveled dirt, did building and cement work, and raised hundreds of chickens and ducks. I can-say enough in praise of Lydia K. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 3nd if these facts are useful you may publish them for the benefit of other women.'- Mrs. M. O. Johnston Route D. Box 190, Richmond, Jnd.
*
Lilli
A lot of flats will be fount! useful in the spring. They are excellent for carrying pots, potted plants, fertilizer, weeds and for starting seeds or cut-
Now is the time to make

-I

emy shell exploded on a foreward post:	j	m_ .	,	.	, .
blood, makes in the development of where there was a Lewis gun, and	Mlnard's Liniment	Co.,	Limited.	; them.	Soap boxes	sawed	mo	the	hot-
womanly health. Every headache, buried the gun, killing all the crew	Gentlemen,- Last	winter	I	received j tom will	have side* about	three	inches
every gasp for breath that follows |iUt one man Sergt. Hobsoty climbed great benefit from the use of MIN- high make good flats. Nail on the the slightest exertion by the anaemic from big trench and ran up to the gun. ARD S LINIMENT In a severe attack cover firmly and by sawing in the girl, every pain she suffers in her back jje helped to dig it out and got it into of I Grippe, and Î have frequently same maimer each soap box will make and limbs are reproaches if you have actjon against the advancing enemy, proved it to be very effective in cases ftwo flats and leave pieces for kind!-not taken the best steps to give your ^he post lay in a communication	of Inflflmmation.	ing wood	besides,
weak girl new blood, and the only trench that led to the hostile lines, and sure way to do so Is through the use the enemy were coming down the or Dr. Williams' Pink FMI».	trench and across the open. No doubt
New, rich, red blood is infused in the burial of the gun had something ro the system by every dose of these to do with the fact that it jammed and pill*. From this new. rich blood
c
i

>
Yours,
W. A. HUTCHINSON
Iicltlra Scalps
Mlnard'e Liniment Cure# Diphtheria.
White grubs are difficult pests to fight. Spraying the trees with paris
,______________ green or london purple will kill many (>n gctiring touch spots of dandruff and
Basiss «SM m..
paid at 60 cents a box or six boxes actjon amj held the enemy until re-in- formed what they called the Battalion for $2.60 from The Dr. Williams' Med I- forcements arrived, when the attack de la Comoufie, and their duty was to dne <!<*, Brock ville, Ont.	. wa« completely defeated. The few "make up” guns, cars, shelters, and
---	----- I minutes’ delay that the gallant ser- gun emplacements, and whole
Squash is a perfect substitute for ^ géant secured for the gunner undoubt- 1 stretches of landscape, to deceive .er-
edly saved a very serious situation, man aviators
He .aw the only possible way of gain	.... ... . , .
ing that delay and gave hi* life in the tive and positive. It aims at making doing of it^	practically invisible what is to be hid-
' den by merging it into the background
I .	,,,	,	.... w,	, and it rejoices in ingenious fakes
Private thar les Melvin, Royal High» fage batteries, fake trenches, fake am -
A new can opener molts flie solder landers (of Kirriemuir), whose com- bu|anc#g__lo make the enemy waste a
on their tops so that cans can In? open- pany had advanced to wkhin fifty |jttjv ammunition
ed neatly for further u*e.	yards of the front-line trench of a	_
redoubt, where, owing to the intensity
A workshop and a harness-room of the enemy’s fire, the men were ob-farmstead requirements, especially !	to lie down and wait for rein-
Don’t do blacksmith force!»ante.

«
morning shampoo with Cuticura Soap
This treatment does
not
much to keep the scalp clean and healthy and to promote hair growth.
Machinery For Sale
1 WHEELOCK ENGINE, 16x42.
New Automatic Valve Type. Complete with supply and exhaust flywheel, etc. Will accept $1,200 cash for Immediate sale.
IzELECTRIC GENERATOR 30 K.W., 110-120 Volts DC
Will accept $425 cash for Immsdiats sale.
‘DODDS
KIDNEY
' /
1
P-P-ng,
pumpkin in pi#

The art of camouflage is both nega

Russia is said to have the greatest timber resources of any country the world.

SB
VI *wP'^UCTC5 <
1 LARGE LEATHER BELT. Double, Endless. 24 inch x 70 ft
,ni
Brave Deed of a Private
Will accept $300 for Immediate sale, although belt Is In excellent eon. ditlon and new one would cost about $600.
PULLEYS, Large size.
26*66—$30 ; 12x60—$20 ; 12%x48—$12 ; 12*36—$8.
2 BLOWERS OR FANS, Buffalo make.
One 10 Inch, other 14 Inch discharge—$30 each.
REAL * ESTATES CORPORATION, LTD.
GO Front SL West, Toronto
Stumps are converted intv shavings, by a new rotary cutting machine and the shavings are drawn into bags for removal by a vacuum.
2a tub
are
in the winter
work, nor oil harness round the ! kitchen atove
Private Melvin, however, went on by elf, over ground swept from • end
ISSUE No
’ll
lh
im
N
###PAGE###8###
Make Your Decision
Right Now
The Mile Boot anfl Shoe Store
When you require Printing-
call at
Purchase a Confederation Life Contract.
Send for our Booklet covering plana of Life Insurance. Wo sell every plan of Life Insurance offered on the Market
fn To secure Confederation Life results, you must *v hold Confederation Life Policies.
Prosperous and Progressive after 45 years of Business.
Confederation Life Association
Established 1871.
B. G. ANDERSON, Agent, Shawville, Que
P, SEWELL ROBARTS, District Manager Bas-tern Ontario, 115 Sparks St., Ottawa.
I
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
I
When You Want
Buy Shoes
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
l
L
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper.
You want the best you can get for your money, dont you 7 Most people come here for that. People expect more off us than they do off others. They know we can give more and they know we have been in the habit of doing it ever since we started business. They know that we are determined to give them always the biggest possible value for the least money and we can
do it.
4
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
ELMHURST
SHORTHORNS

will be open tor business
every THURSDAY only
until farther notice.
Highest Market Prices Paid.
If you are thinking about buying
A Young Bull for this coming
season
come and see the very choice lot we now offering for sale. They are rich colored, thick fleshed, growthy fellows that should make good money for their owners-
Elmhurst Stock Farm,
Portage du Fort.
P. E. SMILEY.
THE HOUSE OF QUALITY.
Oats 85c. this week.
are
WM. HODGINS.
Local and District.
Milk patrons arc kindly requested to return bottles at once when emptied and oblige Sam Hodginh.
Your family, friends and business asA nice
sociales want your portrait, range of folders to choose from
H. 1 NISON, Artist in Portraiture
TAILORING-
The Ottawa Journal has been
wrongly informed in stating that,	,	. . _
William Elliott of this village I y to the suness of the concert by has been ap|H)inteti C'oronev for their fine chorus and dialog £.. this district. Thr Equity learns in a Photograph Gallery, that the new official is Mr. Hugh Choir also ably assisted with an S. Elliott, of Starks Cornets, who anthem and musual dialog Mort-was recommended by the local gage The harm , the latter was member, because of the difficulty the best item in a splendid proof procuring a medical man to gram. Rev. Mr. Harris sang a take the position. Coroner Elliott patriotic eon g The Deathless The first masquerade carnival of Was away last week somewhere Army.*’ Mr. Guy Mete her gave a the year was featured at the Shaw- Up country enquiring into the ease fine recitation, Mr. G. H. Hodge, ville rink on Thursday evening of a woman whose dead body was who has been exceedingly helpiul last. There was a good attendance recently round in that region, of	and kind to the i. M. H. U. spoke
of spectators, and quite n number which, however, we have heard	briefly on the total situation and
appeared in costumes of all styles no particulars.	the great need of hog production.,
ranging from the representative	______,	Mr. Hodge operated the lantern
to the grotesque. Prizes were	whilst Rev. Mr. Hams	J
awarded to those whose make-ups	A Suggestion.	illustrated talk on “the war.
were considered the best.	A subscriber who has been look- Thirty magnificent war views
liÉË: Bills SlSSl
to be sold for taxes, formerly pub- pertinent (chiefly fancy work) kindness of then many mend.-*, Sell(j for our hiuhirated circulars of lished in January, will not appear while the comparatively small	who gathered from far and near.	hardy varieties which you	can	order dir
in Thk Equity this year, as the sum of $50. or so was apportioned	So successful was the above class	Cvt and save the agent s commission	of
pia nation in case some of our; wide food shortage which prevails, 14). Keep it in mind.	|	Established ik>7.
readers should think that no lands and the imperative demand fori Among many good thmgs in the Colbornc were to be sold this year because greater production on the farms, 1918 program for the 1. M. n. u. i> --
of the non-appearance of the list that the society would be well «d- a Short Course (fi cm* to mem be
g %	Ww-rs pumps
“ tlî Siï^. W. K." hÏS. ^ - Famous Seeley Pumps "|jfso yQU WOUld be WÎ86 and SBY»
^ coming in now and se-
"tIT'M	i.bbSïiJ^r H.’n îndttuI________	I lectmg one before the new spring
MSS, «% .«K fe	"	- PrU,	j stock comes in at a much higher
Ete Ê3üa5à Eh”era'' Thc	' "" I figure than our present prices.
*3iil...
We are told by those who are expre8^ through Thk Equity, then-an- >«ghfarc	J
studying these questions that the preciation 0f the eymiwthy and help very best efforts the people of deceived from their many friends and Uaimda can put forth «long these	during Mrs Argues ill-
lines are urgently needed.	| ££ and dealh.
Acknowledgment
LOST—Somewhere on Main street, Shawville, west of post office, a hand beg containing a gold watch and pin with initials ; also two small pocket books with some money and other articles. Finder suitably rewarded by leaving at this office
Mi
Editor Equity :
Dear Sir,—Would you kindly insert in your valuable paper a few lines of appreciation and thanks to the kind lady who sent the letter containing $50, to be divided between Scrgt. and Corp. Carey. It was, indeed, a very great surprise, and we desire to thank the very kind giver, who does not wish to have her name mentioned.
Wc are, very sincerely,
Sot. W. J. Casey, 73878. Cpl. 0. B. Carey, 025104.
A good assortment of
Heavy Tweeds for Fall Suits
The
Also a nice stock of
Overcoats, Sweaters, Caps, Gloves.
Jan. 14, 1018
gave an
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Do You Need A New Suit
FAUIT TREES aqd PLANTS
FOB SPRING PLANTING.
(
Fop Spring 1918
Ontario
? ?
PUMPS
Thk Equity acknowledges the following donations to the Soldiers’ Tobacco Fund :
John Striltt, Bristol Ridge, $1.00 Cuthbert Cameron, R. No. 1, Shawville $1.00
John F. Stirling, Gray, Sisk.,
$1.00.
R. Wellington Ilodgins, Shawville. 50 cents.
We still have a good selection to choose from, including 10 Blue Serge Suits at $20.00, guaranteed fast indigo and pure wool. Sizes 36 to 40
What Mr. Hanna Says.
“As Food Controller, I cannot change the fact of the world shortage. I cannot, by decree, overcome the tremendous deficiency of wheat in the Allied countries or supply the war demand from empty granaries. But I can, and I will, do all in toy power to prevent speculation, to ensure equitable distribution of essential food supplies and to limit middlemen's profits to a reasonable compensation for necessary services."- Hon. W. J. Hanna.
Save Their Breath.
Alice-1 wouldn't merry a lawyer.
He would m!ways l>e arguing with me.	- .	,____,
Merle-Nonsense! Lawyers don’t ar- Jn (,hl8 lot. They CBDIlOt D6 duplicated LO ÜBy BL
unless there's e fee In eight—Bo#* on Transcript,
ue
less than $30. We also have a nice line of tweeds and worsteds at prices from $8.00 up.
BRISTOL NOTES
District Schools
The “News" may not be very new, but it is worth while. The first item is the weather, “Some Weather"—the worst in the history of the oldest inhabitant.
With the awful temperature, the heavy snows and the high winds, I Alexander, Secil Sly. we have had a hard winter.	Grade VI—Wendell Wilson, Wallace
The Y. M. 13, Class conceit was a i Wilson, Lillian Dagg, Hawley Elliott, grand success. The crowd filled Grade V—Ada Wilson, Wilson Marthe basement of the chnrch and \^r Vorma Hodgina. the program was of an excellent Grade IV—Beulah Wilson order. The Y. M. B. C. give two U - Ena mylotu Harold Wilson, fine choruses. They were assisted Gr£je ni-Alfredda Elliott ami
Emu ###
duet nicely. The Y. W. Guild Enrolled 27, average daily 22. nobly helped the young men	Maso AMT h. Harkne.^.
throughout and contributed great*	Teacher.
Surgery In Stone Age.
? flint knife has recently been found to Fraserburgh, Aberdeenshire, which isd been nsed In performing surgical s In the stone age. It la ah
School No. 0, Claiexdon

(Xmas. Exams.)
Grade VIII—Thomas Sheppard. Grade VII—Elvyn Corrigan, Edwin
All Overcoats less 10 p. c. for t-.hia month. Call and see us before buying, it will be to your advantage. Thank you.
« m
>pera	¦¦
cost Identical with the operating knife id op ted by surgeons within the past SW years.—London Mall.
• Ml
Some Berlin Prices
One of the Elect.
"Sir," said the haughty dame to the xx>r inventor, "you don't belong In Jbe upper classes."
"I think I do, ma’am," he replied, for I live in an attic.’
Don’t get gloomy over the high rices of things to eat. We don't now from experience what real privation is. Consider these prices which are ruling in Berlin : Butter, $2.25 per pound ; sugar, 56 cents per pound ; ham and bacon, $2.11 per pound. The English-speaking peoples are not called upon to suffer a tithe of wliat the kaiser's subjects are suffering in the way of privation. If they can hold out, surely we can.
Krtna
K
ARCHIE DOVER
Net Being Don#
Ha-What did you think of tha play? the—It wasn't true to Ufa. He-How to? She—Wall, the wife coottauaB/
It

