###PAGE###1###
e
No. 16, 37th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT
10. 1918
«1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

THE
ESTABLISHED 1H74
THE HARDWARE STORE
BANK
Prompt Returns From Shipments
When you ship Grain, Butter, Cheese or Fruit, put through The Merchants Bank a Draft on the buyer. This is the business way of securing prompt and satisfactory settlement.
It saves time and possible loss.
| Capital paid up - $4,000,000
4,750,000
OF
Rest
Pickles
OTTAWA
04 Branche In Canada.
m.
Conservation of resources means success.
Conserve YOUR assets by building up a Bank Account.
Savings Department at all Branches.
Now is pickling* time. We
are ready with the same old reliable brand
3
Of
3ti
Vinegar
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
Fort Covlonok Branch Campbells Bat Branch Shawville Branch,
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr J, D. Kknneally, Manager. A. II. Mulhkrn, Manager,
I	Portage du Fort Sub Office, Open Monday and Thursday.
I	Bristol Corners Svh Offk k. Open Wednesday and Friday.
We have sold it for years, and every tomer satisfied. The last drop of it fully guaranteed,
A full line of—
Spices, Butter Crocks,
Fruit Jars and Flower Pots.
Head Office : Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
QUYON BRANCH CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH.
dis-
established J 864.
W. F. DRUM. Manager A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON. Manager. • C. E. SHAW. Manager.
Watch for our postern. If you don’t
We can save you to #10 on an
overcoat. Huy one at Dot < Sale ami 1<>nt; the store. Dover convince yourself
“Mothers of France,” a moving «. « ,.	. picture, in which Mine. Sarah
The conclusion of the list of prize- Bernhardt, the world-famous act-winners at Shaw ville Fjtr will be ress plays the chief role, was prefound on the 4th page of this issue, mente&at the skating rink here
Æïsx-riiÆ
acc ounts were sent some time ago. been much better.	More than 300 student* from other local
Will those parties kindly attend	*  	colleges have in the past joined our class
' to the matter without further Ploughing Match Called Off. es- Names and addressee are available.
delay ?	,	Students are assisted to positions.
In compliance with the aetion of We are HEADQUARTERS for Short- , a specialty of preparing candidates A convention of the Protestant Council, forbidding publie gather- hanl. Typewriting. Penmanship, Spell- JrriSJw	IÏPwiVld
-•* ""	isiLr-1 u-
at which there was a fair atteiv	—	-----
dance despite the depressing effect Don't forget the dates of Dover's
of » contenons rainfall, Sntur- Sale. Oct. 10th, 11th and 12th. day being if anything the wettest
of the succession of wet days that
have marked tile weather of the
past four weeks.
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
Fob Stenograph bus. For the past y«*ar
the Civil Service Commission has be_
scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 10 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
on
«•ri
J. H. SHAW.
Canadian Food Boakd License Number
8 4503
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
W. A. HODGINS
W E.Cowling, H.G. W, Braithwait
I). E. HENRY, President Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
President
Principal
SHAWVILLE
EXPERIENCE
The new butter factory at Hr is tol Coryiers—(a branch of the Am
Influenza Spreading
Spanish influenza seems to be IP bir Creamery) is now open for The Arnprior papers last week I yPre,uli|ig through the country at1 business.
rrgof WHlmmaSeluZ	V V- of IhiièJZ Mo* thing, can be anybody. gift-
frew, where it has been deemed	Rirtha	able anywhere.
advisable to clone down the muni-	LiSiîuita 5w,ncEK! wac8..?.3^ 1ihis
Peeshie	;s
has also ceased operations on me- + AtShaw t illc on Friday, Oct. 4th,	Principal,
count of the disease. We learn I , Mrj* HU<*	Jno- H. Murray, a j % illis College	Ottawa. Ont.
from local physicians that several C |l,^ ]^er#	J^è Sparks Street, entrance between
At the meetings of both Clar-1 families at diiîerent points in the	- ¦  - aetohum « & Sims.
endon and Shawville Councils, held j outlying neighborhood the plug— *	* A p 110,1 forevery xx lIls Graduates
on Monday, action was taken to1 has appeared, and they are doing
"EÈhEEKHE I ESEF I	mBESSE
logs that may have been arranged I tion of this kind should be taken l'nmK'lS ». and Mrs. Allen..	——-^mHm—
for ân these municipalities. This as the	is said to be highly I	----- FOR SALE - A number of young grade
step has been taken as a pre- contagious. The rapidity with On the evening of October 1st, ?lK*r4 weeks old. Price IKco per pair, cautionary measure to check, as which its victims have increased the Angel of Death visited the 2 PjhlJ£*ïi»BTe “• Cameron, Route No. tar as possible, the further spread |m a very short time proves this home of Mr. and Mrs. William
jm, of influenza are carried awav thd'r* eîdeît^.bmg'h-11do*£\4*ereüPUAppljd toR^C. Wood follows	Iter, I sa bel I Jennie Hilda, a bright ley, Shawville WBÊ e
vs
EXPERIMENT
House Furnishings

COUNCILS TAKE ACTION
Curtain Muslins,
Marquisettes, Scrims,
Art Sateen, Chintz, Cretonne, etc., etc. White Bed Spreads, Flannelette Blankets, Comforters,
Towels,
Towelling,
Table Linen, etc.
Schools and Churches to Close and Public Meetings Cancelled
ue
Deaths
the influenza epidemic which beyond question j reached very alarming pro- The symptoms
portions in many parts of the described as iuikmvs ; —	iver, i##uen «munie mina, a origin | ley, siiawvme.
country, including sections of this First stage-Patient is afflicted little girl of 2 years and 0 months, --------------------------------
•	,	I with bronchial trouble ; second after a very short illness. The j FOR SALE-A good work Mare, weigh-
mm	funeral took place on Thursday at I Lng, ttbout i200, VV*' Supposed to be in
M m	»—	IT, Also a Mare
Colt, one year old. Time given if necessary. C. H. Wainman, Shawville.
Of
has
county.	wim	BHH__
The desire of the authorities is stage—A headache and nausea ; limerai took place on Thursday atlV,K, evuut	oupp
that the people will lend their thinl stage-Nausea increases and one o’clock to Lower Litchfield I l°Jlu™f erCr?,®^n best assistance and co-operation in there are spells of violent vomiting cemetery, and was largely attend courba ttirffr the malady which has and diarrhoea.	od. The floral offerings were • A
already claimed many victims. If not checked the disease is Cross from Murrells School, and a They are cautioned against con- almost sure to develop into pneu- wreath from Esther and Creena gregatmg together in numbers ; monia.	Hose.-Com
t" keel) away from infected places | Some advice regnrding the meas-
at home, and permit no one to hoik*»!' is given bv Dr Uw Hester came from Ottawa on Tues-
ewzæzssa r £&*¦¦ - *- *...............
sequence# may ensue. That people -To lessen the risk of contract- rnle,lt .Ie Uttle emk died in order, »t a bargain. Apply to J. A. Tick cannot regard the situation too mg influenza people should keep	/!'' Monday morning-a Bristol Corners,
seriously 1a the opinion of our in the best possible physical con- victlm of '"fluenza physictane.	dition, by getting sufficient sleep,	-
iü^lpS^hiSI, UJ...
unless their presence is required.	__ , . _	all those who responded to the
“Those affected should, in tiie Kenahuk, Out., Sept. 2*.—After call for funds for jtatriotie pur-interest of themselves and others, K°lnK through an operation for a poses, made recently through M lay up promptly. The person r.<;v,‘,l? vaMP °* appendicitis Henry dames Drum and Dover, a sincere struggling on at his work, may Sy*!, P^J®ed away at the expression of its most heartfelt put the remainder of the staff un fyii Icy bury Hospital on the 10th thanks, for the substantial amount Oopertharen f# used dlfferetitlr the sick list in a few days. An P. August, lie leaves to mourn realized as the result of the can-from ordinary cheweng tobacco. attack which if treated promptly ‘\l1. ‘«^pat ture a wife and seven vasg undertaken by the Indies Take a enal pinch. for a »aut, jn«ty only result in a slight illness, children.	mentioned — namely, the sum of
and put it between the lower lïp but through delay it may become |	LETTER of THANK8.	$189.50. This generous manifesta-
¦ ISMftS oncTVXVK T„MmK',n„‘ .S'i-uVïïS	tS'WS
y r.<*over-	| friends down East for their sym- effor>e arf being more fully under-
* ., The milder cases may resort to ,>nthy for her in her time of stood and appreciated than evei
¦Herw« » mtum •**«,*,*	i	t*16 infection is spread main-	who are presently at home on
Ag	; wTfcjwu- :fc	; te arrd&£? ;«r
and piet es of cloth " Inch can be Renfrew on Monday morning, sion of their leave are advised to destroyed should be usedI; if not took place on Wednesday from read this advertisement carefully.
J *	should be disin- he»e late home to St. Paul's (.’hurch and inform themselves of the steps
fected by boiling."	J cemetery, in this village.	j to take.
FOR SALE—A black mare Foal—4$ months old. tired from Directum a Pilot. Apply to Gordon Richardson, Radford.
Floor Oilcloth, 2 yards wide, $1.35 per yard Stair Oilcloth, £	"
Stair Oilcloth £	"
O-Cedar Polish Pingle’s Piano Polish Liquid Veneer Victrolene, etc.
Oilcloth Varnish (on draft)
H
.45
U
u
.35
U
PIANO FOR SALE by Mrs. S. Alex Hiider, Shawville. Will accept SUU.OU Put in first class condition by George W, Pingle, Piano Tuner.


70c per quart
COPENHAGEN
CHEWII6 riBKCe
Everything needed to CLEAN UP and BRIGHTEN UP
es-
Ey Monday, October 14—Thanksgiving Day—this Store will be closed.	'
and gum, in the centre


Afterwards you can Increase the
•lee of the pinch to suit the strength of the dhew you desire.

W. A. HODGINS
ch
but also one of the finest quality, being mads of the bwL
oui. rich, high-flavored tobacco.

Canadian Food Board License Number 8-3551



###PAGE###2###
i
Weapons of War Different.
Weapons which were thought massive and powerful in 1914 are puny In 1918. Thus heavy artillery, whose weight tied it down to fixed fortifications, is now moving merrily over the field of battle. Where formerly we talked in millions now we talk freely In billions. Before the war twenty-five to thirty knots was bat tie-cruiser speed; to-day we have such ships of
x Tut.' TZr
vegetables may be likened to windows	health-protecting i am • wth	the field of aviation,
and doors, fireplaces and chimneys; rh*( the Presence of fruits am veg -	ihe BritiRh have uerop|nnes of
we could dispense with them, we could tnl lvs 111 lhe <îiet 18 a	? 600 horsepower, and the Italians have
board up our windows and make a Against scurvy rs well known, i . ilt t	1,000. And the end is
fire on a big stove in the middle of the full scientific exp ansion Is not ^ >
the room, letting the smoke escape >*et our8, ^hat the leaf vegetaMes ------------------------------------(spinach, lettuce, cabbage and the
like) contain both of the vitamines
7 S
(inetca
Fresh as a Flower
and just as fragrant !
sr/îs.

i
f.

c
the
cans* sa?
rym&n
(pnvfort
is Just the tiny buds and young leaves from hill-grown shrubs— So economical because it yields so generously in the teapot.
L
B 44*
through a hole in the roof but such a course would not mean comfort iSfcjBXtxs>:tx*'*:fXiXy & year in and year out. So we may
S exist without fruits and vegetables g but it is worth while to stop to coni’ aider what we gain by their use.
*	There is an old adage, “An apple a Hduy keeps the doctor away," which if
true, means that the apple is a real
#	economy, a kind of health insurance,	® • 7
5 for an apple costs seldom over five *m®11 quantities
ÿ cents, often only one, and a doctor’s 1 hose who haw* pUnt> of )1 g 1 >
, , x ^ visit may rasilv cost a hundred times ^ scored meat are apt to be sa is e<
a- much. There is a certain amount *’> '* "r to demand stronger flavors
^coffee, catsup, pickles and tobacco) tjv
than those found in fruits and vegc- H •
tables. They are also apt to spend PÀ
niuvh money on meat that they
have none left to buy what se%nu to
v
Bamboo has been found very ser-
which are essential to growth in the young and to the maintenance ot vlceable in the <ion?*truction of light'
health in the adult, seems assured and houses on the Japanese coast. The
further justfficatbn fear wood has great power in resisting the
t
s«s»W»eimisils6mWIWR *
t
The Story of a Struggle to
Attain a Great Ambition.
A Man ! Chooses
More than 8000 women work at th« British Admiralty.
gives us
emphasis on green vegetables in the action of salt water diet of little children, when properly administered; that is, always cooked, put through a fine sieve and fed in
&

»
By K. W. Johnson
*
ILLIAMS
IPMOS

?
V
all to cara for and train a littie
She stirred the oysters, forgetting|	' IulgaHtv%!f'tp^ch^Tet Pl« «<** not have a monopoly on the
her own letter a letter from home, know just what |h< child’s moth- supposed virtue.
as the postmark told her.	It >on er was nol just whv he and the child It is more accurate if less poetic, to
were free, Bud. unhampered, may- nçe(jClj Nadine. There was nothing say that an assortment of fruits and* ®	.	,
i»e you might	Bud would have resented, nothing the vegetables helps to keep us in good :^iem unimportant items w u* Je
He missed the acute misery m her wopW wouM condemn. Rut—	'health. Before the days of modern and aPl 10 1have * muehJ*8; who,le"
Roughly he drew .wt « .hair	wi„ consider your Proposal, she ,„ll|.|wck raimingi in the spring mo;h. some diet than they might have for
faltered, and in the night a «Hence1 er, U8ed t0 a,gemble their littie home ^e same nummy Studies of ex-
EtfiHHrHrs »
wrote:	portion out herl. tea or sulphur in meat than one does for fruit! and
molasses. Spring .leaning could vegetables. Also it is well to reme Dear Bud:	1 have not slept anv.	M „op	short	of • cleansing the that vegetables are usually cheap-
A|1 night! have been trying to decide	h|((od,„	And	nftor „ monotonous	‘‘r than fruiU and that dried	one.
Mi.ih.Tv„, *„ n,;i;i JLtMS»	- —, - w—. » **. rUZl	"	‘
has but little hope of her recovery. .	;	heroic measures were necessary to J . V	,	. M	Vlv
I'm sure. And, Deen. she is pinning y où curried me without sufficient make up for a badly balanced diet.1 „ For wholesome am ec 1 . ‘ to see	you	once	more.	t an	you	ar-.	thought. Bud. We were both too young	Nowaday» we recognize no such sea-	in*» havv 1,ult ° >umv K 1	,. V
range	to come home,	if only	for a	few	W(1 ought only of o ir love and	s0n»l need. We	carry our surplus of	once u >l*v and make the mam	dish
days’ Remember, you haven t been | ,onging fvr tavh other. But life has fruits and vegetables over from sum-	"“-'ah a vegetable dish when-
BpSsa ! ;sShs=
the chickens, the horses, and the cow bowels. As a rule we associate re-j ,uf	OIU	»ui < ing xa ua *
the money will start you. Leave Kular 4|agy movements with health l,ricks into the house o* diet
(Jet ready I want but do not alwayg recognize the part j" the present emergency one may. by
which diet plays in securing them. If, selection of fruits and vegetable, of we eat little besides meat and pota- ; high energy value, save more portable I and toes, bread, butter and cake or pie. foods for our soldiers and allies. The wv are sen likely to have constipa- knowledge that • banana b. equivalent
This is particularly true for “calories to a large slice of bread
or a small pat of butter Iwcomea
tremendously significant; that an ap-
of truth in the saying though the ap
PART 11
New
.Settle
A
#
?
a
A
e
A
HE Pure, rich, mellow tone, and the sensitive responsiveness of this famous Instrument combine to lift It high above the commonplace. It Is a plane that will maintain It# enduring charm for generations.
T
i
and dropped “Of course!" I almost resentfully.
:
#
t
he retorted grimly, That's what
#
*
young folks always geT by tying up in the puppy age! What's your news:
*
#
!
Better read it.*’
Her face went bu she read her news, old-ma id sister at home
it tie paler when It was from the

Georgian Model, $500.00
THE WILLIAMS NANO CO., LIMITED, OSHAWA, ONT.
Canada's Oldest and Largest Plano Makers
A
Parker’s will do it-
i-rs

r>
By cleaning or dyeing—restore any article* to their former appearance and return them to you, good as new.
Send anything from household "draperies down to the finest of delicate fabrics. We pay postage or express charges one way.
It was then T»ud Barnes rose to his height vf manhood.
“Of * nurse you are going to your mother," he announced when he had
\ el low,
a as wanting to buy my l.i fid 1 van spare it now
And
t he word
read
the rest to me
n begin as >n a* you <
Nadim
vou
I van use First thing in the niorn-
He*U pay cash. Get your things I'm sorry ai>out Mother, We've neglected her, hut it K>k* like we nevr could make ‘he wax-
lie

Beech
ing I'll hunt him up
and giad to do it.
ready I >eeti
Madine’s trunk was strupp*
the hall.	\ h
• listening for Doctor tion
When you think of
waiting in tire, wearily
Norris' car, watching the snowflakes those who work indoors or sit much
hi: and slush down the window pane. Qf (be time. Now fruits and vege-	#
They <eemed to hit and slush into »i«\ taWe> have SCV€nri properties which Pie. an orange four prunes, four
inllllSS
..rmng an.i so,,*, now- fJ	,,t,ssi»n-l,:,a,W. He «1» juice (sweet vider), orange juke ' k «h, gainer» from oar own wmâcee.
'ull| “	"* '	' J k'vi1	her at a stride ami roughly „r diluted lemon juice may be a very
Mream. BdffiSmgii it' all. I «aI.hfr,et! h(r int0 tl,e foldi’ ot h,s desirable morning drink
, fool!" h.. gasped. “I	l,ul n0‘. *hul!> du,v	How Canada is becoming, thunk,
your crazv letter, and do you thin!- ¦* ll*- .lj.ee» whuh are not a. d to,^ tj,e gkj|] am| heroism of her sons, for a moment—"	.^e taste, us those of (wunes,	linked up with the world conflict, says
At their door he -topped to insert onions, are laxative	-prof Osborne of the University of
the key.	So from * great variety- of frtt.t, Manitoba. The young man who
I	know what 1 want.	cheaper than drugs.	There was	a clash for you between
She went m, hold ng tightly to his	No diet van be properly built	with-	Democracy	ami Autocracy, between
Her	giam-e wen: straight	to	out a suitable supply of mineral	salts.	ce aiuj	militarism. 1 read a few
Vhmg there	in, The free use of milk is our greatest	weeb# ago	0f a certain young Rose
,uw Its t ivatur #afeguarj against lack of any save vear a £anadian boy, who had crash-
iron but when milk is scarce and has e<j to ^e earth and been killed after to he saved as now for the babies of bringing down 23 German aviators, the world, it is fortunate that we can	; learned that he was a son of
make fruit and vegetables take its a coyege classmate of mine. H. 8. place in part. Some of our very com- posevear of Port Hope, now living mon vegetables are good sources of at port Arthur. All honor to such the calcium and phosphorus so freely and such fathers ^^mHHH|j^lHmimsuppliv«i in milk. Among the>e	other	with an	school
Supper.stition always has played a j>e taken as an example the carrot, inspector at Guelph, William Tytler, great part in all wars, but, according which has not had due recognition in who a8 a teacher, had had for a . to German newspapers, the belief in many quarters, and in some is even pupji McCrae, the author of the deI	charms	and	talismans in the present	spoken of contemptuously, as “cattle	serVed1y famous “In Flander Fields
I	conflict	has	become	so universal in	foods.” Its cheapness, which comes	the p0*ppies Grow." And so it was
the Teutonic empires that a big in- from the fact that it is easy to grow the air of Guelph, the soil of Guelph.
I dustry has developed as a result of and easy to keep through the winter flowers and fruits and fields of ;
should not blind	A Guelph that	to the
.vis good-sized van	.ght one-fourth I upbuilding of the man who was to
shops which make	a specialty o*	pound) will have only about half the	write lines of such haunting beauty
charms	for	soldiers	alb y bave	fuej value of a nr	1 pot	that the world will not le: them die
the property of sparing them in bat-Rabhits* feet, horseshoes, butts
CLEANING or DYEING
to go
Think of Parker’s
There was no pleasure f in that belated visi a >enso of unreality
Nadine only grief and . The dear moth-;

Our booklet ou household suggestions that safe joe money will be sent free of charge to-day to
a
Write
I
strung* iessly,
« at mosphei e of wait ing like a
n .t : I unack «	i.v a i
deeper, sharper ache - Bud and hi* '
*
A stranger five grew xery familiar dut ng that hard time -the face of the attending physician. She grew lo * atch for its little peMonal flash nf understanding and sympathy. There
o few in her Wire young it’e xx ho car*. 1. however remotely, for
; - rt sp ua ew -vnsation to be followed by idmiring glances
rest her weak-In her fight for
The effect .Canada* Stake In the World Conflict
I
Parker’s Dye Works, limited
d Dyers
-
Cl
I
791 Yon ft HI.
Toronto

had
I
her

nul you
t


i
hand
the far corner shocked dismay
it lax the splintered wreck subtle fascination crept 0f the Littie Red Beech.
And when	ime,	(The end.)
she heard this new
^Ct\ere%
T is Beauty \
\ in EVery JU
\ Jar JW
mm
v. .*#*nsau a ma streng
watching t
ranee
a •'

ht
H

through

ha

e
• •
fr end offering a hat seemed a larger
jda
wd blurred before

TALISMANS Ft111 THK HI NS
fe
im
w n
Fortune Tellers Are Reaping Harvest In Teutonic Km pires.
!
i
I talked the
O
nc proposition was 1 munificent. A chance of atmosphere, a big salary
tiVt
1

You Can Invest
2~Sl£iSBuvim in v/vnJ!£-
^rafnsNilkweedCfraifi
it

In Vienna there are
a portion of your warnings week 1 jr. or monthly, through our

co*^tcK r ino*amCo

t
Mir
PARTIAL
PAYMENT
PLAN
but nearly ten times as much calcium, How Canada, I repeat, is being bound as the potato and about one-third into one—East and West, Catholic more phosphorus. While actual fig- am| Protestant, rich and poor, French show that other vegetables, es- an(j English—and brought into vital
I
of guns found on battlefields, bullets and parts of shells form some of the charms too numerous to mention.
£TOW*
* *•••• (.
c*
T H
•••A
ures
penally parsn	turnips, celery relation v ith world ------------
Potency is said to l»< given to these vaU’jfl0wur and lettuce, are richer in world causes, world conflicts! «harms by some mysterious invanta- ,.ak.ium than the carrot, its cheapness j ion performed over them at certain am, fuv, vaIue make it worthv of
phaws of the moon by a teacher or vmpha*is: a medium-sized carrot will student of the occult. The charms
sell at high prices, for the belief in them is such that the credulous arc willing to pay well for them. Concoctions made from the blood of various animals are sold also in order to
movements
Write us for Booklet.
Information and advice fur n Is bed gladly on any seenrlties
NURSING
Ingrzôm's
MUKwéod Créant
H. M. CONNOLLY & CO
Earn lr
furnish as much calcium as a scant quarter of a cup of milk.
$10 io$2Se week Uarn wkkeoi Ittvel tree. BOY Ai COLLETE Of
MrinL»ra Montreal	Kichirg*
106 106 Traneportation Building
Main 1345-6 MONTREAL
KIIWCE. 799 se S»«4iM Aee , Tereete. Cm

Even when meat and eggs art* not prohibitive in price, fruit and green vegetables are an important source of iron in the diet conditions make the free consump-* lion of meat unpatriotic, it is reassuring to think that we really can get along without meat very well if we know how
beef will furnish no more iron than a

QUE
,606
ois
Ami when war
!
cure disease or to he applied to wounds. This industry, developed to a great extent by charlatans, has become a menace, and the government is taking steps to suppress it, particularly where it concerns concoctions which are likely to be danger-	.	.	.
ous. The mere wearing of a charm, quarter of a cup of cooked spinach or
however, is not discouraged, as the ha11 a cup of cooked airing l*‘.tn.h oi officials feel that belief in them can- ! dried beans, or one-sixth of a cup of not hurt the efficiency of a soldier., raisins, or half a dozen good-sized j but on the contrary, gives him a feel- prunes. Cabbage, puns, lettuce, dar.de-j ing of security in battle that may ! lion greens, beet tops, iurmp tops, and
¦MHÉmm other “green»” are well worth inc.ud-
Ttvo Sizes—50c and $1
kr

TO
Don’t let your complexion get run down thru lack of care. The heat of the kitchen, the daily round of housework, the flying dust in the air all
the time, well ms natural causes, will rob you of youth and attractiveness if you don’t take care of your complexion. Use Ingram’s Milkweed Cream daily. It Is the only emollient that has a distinctive remedial, theiapeutic effect on the skin tissue?. It cleans, softens and gives health and colo to the complexion.
Every woman suffers a; times from oiliness and shinlneaa t f the skin.
A light touch of Ingram’s Velveete Souveraine Face Powder (50c) will overcome thle condition and alee conceal the little ho perfection# of the complexion. Other Ingrat* toilet aide, including Sodenta <bf the teeth (35c) at ydur drug store.
À Picture
With Each Purchase
Koch time you buy a package oi Ingram's Toilet Aide Or Peifeme your druggist will give you, without charge, a large portrait ef • world-famed motion picture octrees. Sack time you get a different portrait to you make a collection for year home. Ask your druggist.


Two ounces of lean
I

/
<


4*
/
%
&

mu him to fight the harder	__ ¦ tip.
Fortune tellers are thriving in \ ing in our bill of fare for ttie-r iron
By the time children are a

&
«
alone
Vienna, for nearly every n%other with [¦¦I	¦	¦ I ¦
a non in the army or a wife with a , year old we i>egin to introduce aoecia
husband at the front is consulting , iron-bearing foods into their diet to
1 the soothsayers in order to get some supplement milk.______Aside fr »m egg
word of comfort from them, and for yolk, we give preference for this pur l a good fee the comforting assurance pose to green vegetable juice or pulp, ¦ is usually forthcoming. The fortune especially from peas a,id spinach or a | tellers are reaping the harvest of mixture of both.	,
t their existence during this war.

WZCdAt

K '
Ï
il/Wl



F. F. Ingram Company
Windsor, Oatsii«
fnm CoaM to Co<<*L\
R.fl.LOWe t CO. umrtf Ç
TO	LA. *. >w
TOO.
?•

significance for
There is a forth
• •

###PAGE###3###


preached It, the magazine would explode. They stuck to their posts.
Again at this time n\ore oI the men jumped overboard, trusting to luck to bo picked up by the small
STORING VEGETABLES
THE END OF THE STORY

The Last Request of a Brave Boy-Soldier of England.
BOY
A
¦ UÊÊÊÊ/ÊÊÊÊÊ/ÊÊKÊM IHI Natural storage of late vegetables ground i« woll-drained
There was a boy who lay dying for in the home for use in fall and win- does not compare in convenience, how-\t last! The U-boat now came *** months in an English hospital, ter—a practice which is advisable ever, with storage in cellars since In along It gradually got nearer, very, one of tbe n*cc#t boy 1 ever knew, a every season—is especially desirable periods of bad weather the vegetables very slowly, but the smoke from the Mr-haired, blue eyed lad from the now that food supplies are low. Na-, are often accessible with difficulty, burning poop now Interfered with the N°rth Country. He had been brought tural storage is the least troublesome j The construction of banks is begun by range of "QfiO’a” guns—the real guns,	back from France shot through the	way 0f keeping food for future use, it j making an excavation six or eight
Shells again fell all about the ship.	•‘PMe, and was a hopeless case from	jg pointed out, and may be practiced	inches deep in a well-drained location
This time an explosion took place,	tbe beginning, says a writer in the	with little expense in most homes,	and lining it with straw, leaves,
...	„ ..	..	.	. , H_rr would1 and the “QfiO’a” aft gun, together Westminster Gazette.	either in the country or in the city, similar material. The vegetables
I	P	time, all the time. And i	tbf plucky gun's crew, were 1 or 8,1 the six months never a gucb storage is of chief value to (usually root crops) are placed on the
On the doorstep in the sunshine satjhk# R»	“ be knew.	blown up. and then, last of all, the	wort* of complaint escaped him. and	ownerg 0f home gardens, but when	litter in a conical pile. The sides
Rene. He was pounding away busily.' Rene	often wondered about Ilero.	^ bad reached the magazine. A	be seemed always to be smiling. He	vegetables suitable for storage may	and top are then covered with straw
1 he tap? tap! of his hammer sounded j Was he alive ? And what was be	terrific explosion took place, and the	bad one great consolation; he bad ,	^ purchased cheaply, it may be prac-	' and leave®; and this, with two or
sharply ugaiiurt the dull booming in doing?	Such u fine strung dog, and	gecom| Hft gun wcn^ hurtling through	become acquainted for the first time	tjeed profitably by some other house-	three inches of earth. As winter ap-
the background. Rene paid no at- with such intelligence! lie knew ^ ^ "This was indeed a misfor- wi,h the Waverley Novels, and in his | holders.	proaches the earth covering should be
lent ion to the booming, although thelaftnost what was said to him, and *1- tune," the captain wrote in his re- laKt da^ be was leading “Ivanho#.”	vAiretable • which mav increased, depending on the severity
ground shook with the force of the'most he could answer. Indeed he did port ,<ag the flUi)marine had only to , When he became too weak to read | JV' Pr n< ‘P** f	'j of the winter in the locality. Small
explosions. fie had lived so long talk with his eyes -although it w»sl„teer another two hundred yards and ft,r himself the nurse took it from. ,	. h it rAn ,.,.v , . iatJ pits containing but a few bushels of
within sound of the big guns that he French a I way# that Hero understood, j ^ould have had three guns hearing : him and read aloud to him. /	'	rarmt* nirnnins I vegetables will receive sufficient venti-
had utopped thinking about them. If anyone talked German now, boionherat four hundred yards1 range.” ^he was reading on the Inst day of	. • #	’• f f*,.,tain *ation ^ the straw between the vege-
Unly when the firing grew more rapid would scorn to listen. . It would gu “Q50” hy this time was blazing wbcn the padre came and his fa- P ',,	* v rahhiire tables and the earth covering is allow-
until it liecame one tremendous roar i hard with him among the Germans. an^ „jnking. The stern was raging tbcr and mother were at the bedside, e	,	.. r ju ta 1 ed to extend through the latter to the
«lid he realize that a great battle was Rene hoped passionately that the ugly wjfb flrp ft was quite clear now and being a good lad, he kissed his aru 0 !,aeh»e numnlHns	also’ *°p °* fbe pile. This exposed straw
on; but all thekime he hoped fiercely bocjieg had not taken him.	' that the submarine knew she was a , parents nffect onately and listened j ?uc *	' .P ’	”	; should be covered with a hoard or a
that France would win. And always It was long since Hero left Rene s «Q * ship, and quickly submerging, very attentively to the prayers, but m*y e * °	1	I piece of tin held in place by a stone
at night and in the morning and at'home. When the French officer had flm! torpedo after torpedo.	| the moment they were over he turned If the cellar under a dwelling or ^ a protection from rain. gn iarger
their scanty meals he bowed his head, been with them, he had admired Hero.,	The u.ter ait.	the thp n,,rse and said« in a whisper: out building Is clean, cool and well- pjtjj ventilatjon may he gecured by
as his mother prayed for their sol- Never had he seen a dog more quick m. t . inatBntly gave the	*° on with the reading, and | ventilated it may be used for storage rp1acing two or three pieces of rough
diers and for the brave hearts of to learn. And when he went away,	“Abandon sbiol” And blue- a* faHt aH you CHn’ for 1 do 80 want ! ^Rbout alteration. Many cedars, bfltrJa Qr stak(lg up through the central
France, Rene felt that their sol- Hero went with him. Rene would have • kejH j scrambled over the aide to know ,he en<1 "	.	. jlowever' "je we!l »u'ted fof *f^r' „f (he pile of vegetables so that a
diers needed .much praying for.When cried more bitterly, only hi, mother ^ ^ water getting on to a raft! A,nd	reaH him out of the lng vegetable, because of poor insula- fl|m ^ farmed. This flue should be
his father Had been among	them, it	told him it was for France. A boy	^ best	they could	world with the great fight of Jtais- j lion or lack of ventilation, ant </se	cappe(j by an inverted trough formed
was different, be thought;	it had	is proud to do something for France,; , oud	t.xg),0S10ll8 were	taking	place	Gui,bert nnd ^anhoe. I am sure the , containing a furnace for heating usu-	by tWf) picces of board nailed to-gone better." But now that his and that it i, hard, is it not so much ^ the flrJ	but thc y.^at, '	,of, We,ter Scott was at that ally are too warm »nd <lry It is of- getW at righf an<Ie, where stock
father had tieew killed, his comrades more an honor? And he was just, ^bkh had come up again, was atilLi <lctith'be<1,	_	tenL Poaelble to par.iti.m off a room, baa^g are use(j the best practice is to
jkzx	si22 jrz ~
that he had died fur France.	j cow to pasture, and while she grazed «q50 » She got for’ard. In a flash	ing ast ( oura«e and hkl11*	Outdoor storage cellars possess all bp modified by placing the vegetables
The tap! tap! of the hammer went the boy and the dog had lain in the tbe for'ard gun was unmuzzled. Shell ; There are about 300 girl ambulance the advantages of the storage room jn a joilg ridge rather than in conical on busily in the warm spring air. An sweet grass, and Rene had told stories, after shell was discharged. One took drivers in the Rod Cross service in in the basement and are superior in	with earth dividing the ridge
industrious pucker showed	between	to which	Ilero listened gravely,	with	away	it the U-boat’s conning	France.	The only other women am-	many respects. It is possible to	int0 small sections. A section may
Rene’s eyes, and when he stopped to	his head	en une side. There	had*	tower, another hit her broadside. She	balance	drivers in France belong to	keep such a cellar cool and quickly re-	then be conveniently opened without
rummage in a box beside him he purs-; been games, too, th-it if they b-ivami’ wag gone—like many of her kind. the First Aid Nursing Yeomanry duce the temperature of the *tored disturbing the remainder of the stored ed his lip thoughtfully. The box was boisterous made Julio turn her soft The fight lasted from 11 a m. until Corps. There is a friendly rivalry products by opening the door during vegetables.
filled with queer odd* and endik bits j	eyes upon V em and gi/e a little shake	4 p m	Warships lying	in	wait be-	among the Red Cross girls in the the night and closing it in the morn.,	Mott vegetables suitable for stor-
of iron and brass and scraps	of leath-	of her horns, as if, after a’l, they	bind the horizon picked	up	the	crew	matter of keeping their “bus” spick ing before the air become# warm, in	agP should not be harvested and stor-
er. saved from broken harness. Out were young and she must make al.ov/- j 0f “Q50,” which had done its work, and span. Whenever a trainload ot regions of severe freezing the most ed until cool weather arrives, or about of the leather Rene had cut	a strap, :	antes. Rvnc still took JuVe to	pus-	an(j wag ]0f^ abandoned in the grip	wounded	arrives the Red Cross girls	popular type of storage cellar i« built	the time of the first kPling frost,
with a hole n each end, so	that it	tine, but	there were ro more games	0f ^re. ammunition exploding.	must be	on hand, and this means con-	largely underground and the roof has	However, Iri®h potatoes should be
could be tied together. A long time and stories, for Julie did not under. The enemy now know of this ruse, stant duty, day and night. Excep- a deep covering of straw and earth, harvested as soon a« they r»ach ma* he had spent working on that band. Island, althrign the was a good cow«an(] there is no need of further sec- tionally good driving is a character- manure, etc. Such cellars may be tiiritv. and if basement or outdoor shaping «I tin,! rubbing it soft and'and gentle And Here were the recyi but I and my friend and col- iatic of each girl, and before under- constructed of wood, concrete, stone, cellar storage is available, they «hould smooth. Th*» points of the bits of evenings in front	of the fire. % Very	league, Admiral Sims, have more	taking this dangerous and arduous	or brick.	be stored immediately.	They should
brass he pounded through the leather, small it was, thc	fire, so that they	ways than that which	we can employ	work a girl is required to	pass a	. Storage	in outdoor banks	or pits is	not he stored in banks	or pits until
and fastened ; hem on the other side, went early to bed. But without to trap submarines.	severe test at Devonshire House, the most primitive and least expensive the weather gets cool. Onions should
They were not placed by chance, or ^Jero. what use was there in building	-A __	Among other things she must know method of keeping many vegetable * be purin storage as soon as they arc
haphazard, but carefully, in n pat- stories in the flames? Rene was	Words of Wisdom.	how to attain speed without jolting an,j jg fairly satisfactory where matured and thoroughly cured or dried
tern; and n«iw the work was nearly glad when he could fall asleep.	The deeper a man cultivates his the wounded, as a bit of rough drlv
done.	Proudly Rene looked at the collar brains the better will the soil of his ing might prove fatal to the poor ladI	. . I
Rene selected a last bit of brass he had made. He ran his Anger over farm produce.	Tenderness linked with courage of	break Nesting I laces.	wm'"n Uit]e hon™e *AKS '.'n' h
and hammered vt into place He held ; the hits of brass	that spelled the	Better spend half	a day putting	the finest and highest kind is	always	Whether	the air	raids have affected	pocket of an old c oat	;y nail been
up his work and looked at it with ad-; name of hi* friend. And suddenly—	g(M)(j atout rounds in	the ladder be-	found in thc girl ambulance	driver,	birds in the same	way they	have the	le t m a tonl-she.i since as winter,
miration “Hero,” he read How he forgot that he was older, much old-! fore picking time, than six weeks Ten shillings a week with expenses domestic cat and dog it is hard to In the country the hedge sparrows splendidlv the name shone, and how	er. His head dropped in	the	curve	waiting for a broken leg to knit.	is the pay. Those who have time to	say,	but they have certainly built	seem	to prefer to	keep	close	to	hu-
proud Hem wnmM Ik* to wen such a	of his arm -and there was	only	a lit- Clothes are going to cost no less,	think of	uniforms consider that of	much nearer to human habitations	man	habitation, tor	se erai	m-sts
collar! Had not Rene made it en- j tie boy crying upon the doorstep. ! as time goes on. Better protect your the ambulance girls the smartest and than usual this last season or two, have been rouu i clos - to « n“drPn * fcirely for him ’ It was thing* like He did not hear the dull, thudding wool suits with overalls. It’s wise most becoming of any war uniform says a London newspaper.	playground. Anorm- pan 01 Dira*
that Which Her.1 was always mindful1 steps along the road that came limp- conservation and will save you money, for women—provided it is well cut A thrush In a London suburb start- robins this1 ume nave inn* e tneir of. Rene wished that he had thought ! Ing slowly and somewhat heavily, that for wool is scarce.	and made.	ed to build her nest on a curtain that nest on the	that n ns light
to make thc cotlar long ago. when in spite of weariness quickened as Let your light shine every even-	-----------------+-- had blown out of the window and was % TV^	^ a
Hero wa* with him, in the happy days ; they drew near, and broke into a jng iong enough to permit you to	Unsanitary Meat Shops.	partly resting on the sill. She and going injmd out through th
when his father was at home and	hobbling run.	But he did hear	the	make a record of the day’s	operations.	“Do you get your	meat	at	Clancy’s	her mate were allowed to continue
there was plenty to eat, and laughter,	bark, hoarse with thirst and dust,	yet	Then turn	it out and go	to bed in	yet, Mrs. Doolan?”	their housekeeping undisturbed, and
But he-4iad not thought of it then, and shaken with delight. He felt the nose peace.	“Sure I do not, Mrs. Hogan. I there the nest was finished, the eggs
besides he could not have made It so	touching the back of his	neck, the Be sure you're right and then don't	happened	to go over there one day	laid,	and the family hatched. A spar-
well. He Had been only a little boy	tongue licking his cheek.	And	Rene	brag about it.	instead of	phoning, tfr.d I noticed quite	row	has built her nest so close to a	;ng over
when the war began. bi»t now he was	turned to throw	both arms about	his	Training	is everything.	The peach	u lot of flies crawling	over	the	meat	kitchen door that everyone who puts	tatoes,	of	which	large	quantities	were
older, much older. He could do things	friend, Hero-r-a	hero in very truth,	was once a	bitter almond.	on 1 he counter.”	their hand into the ivy to pull the	ground	imto	n<>ui	lor	human	con
like pounding with a hammer, and hit wearing still his Red Cross badge and Mo farmer can plow his field by “Had he no fly screens?”	hell, must almost touch her	. I | ,	...
himself scarcely at all. And he had holding out a stiff and buliet-torn paw turning it over in his mind.	j “Yes, but the screen door at the placidly sticks to her business with- had about 4M) drying plants fur fruit#
planned to make this collar for Hero : for his friend to comfort and to make §mut in wheat costs many hundred back was full of holes and the spr ng out showin gthe least fear.	and vegetable*, while on June .w,
IMUM he missel him, yes, all the'whole again.	thousand, of dollars annually. This on it was no good at all."	Wrens are notorious for finding l@17.he was reported to have 2.5,0
» loss can be prevented by dipping seed “Did you say anything to them queer nesting places, and a beautiful dehydration plants._
wheat in a solution made by adding about it?”
one pound of formalin to forty gal- I did so, Mrs. Hogan. When the Iona of water. Run the seed through young man came over to serve ire, I a fanning mill, then sprinkle the solu- pointed to the flies *#«<1 I told him that
tion on the seed. Use about one not another pound »f meat would I	....	j
EEHHvE
I By Sir Eric Gcddes, First Lord of About two hours passed by, when on	gtov(,	etc _ ^ny thus be "Good for you, Maggie Doolan. If <l»ate person is always equal to the Beautiful and Immortal Deeds
18*1
~r:rM" l?s^s5 dtsaxsr-r ss5si?s
Mr Mue jackets, a captain and offl- 1 the crew, knew that, a. the fire ap- about it?	Uve women. '	marber. of u, all	Frederick F Shannon
This method
boat

n
1
r
</
or
A Collar For Hero
V
Germany'* Dehydration Plant#
Before thc war Germany was dry 800,000,0$) bushels of po
She sumption. Prior to the war Germany
cers of a British warship. Let us look Into the captain’s bunk, and we see the cap of the Royal Navy and the jacket with the brass buttons of the Royal Navy. The same thing applies in the case of the quarters of the other officers aboard, and also THE DISGUISED DETECTIVES OF j 0f the quarters of the men. The
“Q50" also carried the White Ensign, and had a little gun mounted on her stern.
WHAT THE “Q”
THE WEEKLY SERMON

BOATS DID
Stranger,” ran an epitaph at Ther
St. Mark, xiv., 9. of thanksgiving upon the memories of
ME SEA
Nor, we know that they lie in our world
The Chase.
It was a summer morning, a brisk breeze blowing, and the “Q50” steered out into the Atlantic to the spot indicated in the captain's orders.
First Lord of the Admiralty Lifts Veil on Some Extraordinary Exploita of British Navy.




*

<




The



i








.—




###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
Pontiac Wool Growers' and Sheep Breeders’ Co-operative Agricultural
Association, Limited
The Association is now in a position to handle your
Potatoes, Grain, and all kinds of Farm Produce.
SHAW VILLE, OCT. 10, 1918.
Over a quarter of a million of Oer-prisoners haw passed behind the
in m
Allied lines since Foeh initiated his masterlv counter *trokc in July last.
0
Some l»ag, eh !
It will be to your advantage to give us a trial See
(ivrtimny launched a new jr'acc often-
The ap|>eal is made
direct to the President <»t the l nited
this week
either—
W. E. N. HODGINS,
MANAGER
MV(
k
Or C. H. HODGE,
SEC.-TREAS
M
uni in doing so the Government
St it
d<dares it accepts the program set forth by the President as a basis for peace
The Germans ask for the

y.
\

fy Elevator open every Wednesday until fur ther notice
negotiations
immediate conclusion <»f an armistice, which is not likely to lx? granted, until they agree to unconditional surrender.

(ill / >/l
Pleasing ”
tm flavor. |
¦'X

THERE'S A WARNING IN TRADE FIGURES
Our Unstable Financial Post tion Indicated Thrift Will Make Canada Secure.
•W

IÏ
1 Scientifically
| prepared.
à

§
who understand
For those Canada's financial conditions there igmticant lesson in the trade figures recently issued from Ottawa.	,	„ A1
For the first five months of the present fiscal year there was a dein Canada’s foreign trade of $270,000,000, or about 20 per cent. There was a great falling off alike in manufactures and agricultural
The trade
WUh A iknowUd£ments U> Luke Fildcs, R.A
ii
x
is a s
5
I
O every home there comes a time when every thought, _ every hope, every prayer for the future centres on the recovery of one loved one. In that hour of anguish, every means to recovery is sought-the highest medical skill, trained
nurses, costly treatment. Does the price matter?
It may be so great as to stagger the imagination—a sum beyond the possible.
But docs anyone ask, “Can do it?” Money or no money, they do it. And somehow they pay.
It may mean doing without things they think they need. It may mean privations, sacrifices, hardships. They make unbelievable savings, they achieve the impossible, but they get the money
to pay.
T
2
crease
hm w/n
2
=
products exported	.
¦¦$875,000,000, compared with
I
was
tl.l hUMHVXK) a year ago.
These figures tell in potent terms of the instability of present conditions. Our trade, though still large and healthy, is on an insecure and unenduring foundation War conditions have created a fictitious prosperity. There may be no reason for alarm hut tlieie is reason for caution. _The Government must watch and prepare, so should the individuals. Few Canadians but are affected in some way by the present eondi-The wise ones will prepare
I Is the worlds best chew, g I It is the most economical chew." 1
would pinch himself to relieve the sufferings of a loved one at home; and surely he would not pinch less for our fighting brothers in
F rance.
Without suffering actual privations, nearly every family in Canada can reduce its standard of living, can practice reasonable thrift, can make cheerful sacrifice to enrich the life-blood of the
nation.
we
Tea cosey, linen emb—Mrs Baker 1.
Tea cosey, filet crochet—H T McDowell 1.
Table mats crochet—W E Shaw 1,
Amy Hodgins 2, J A Graham 3
Bureau cover, drawn work—Mrs A A Smart 1, Mrs Woodley 2.
Bureau cover, white emb—Mrs W K Shaw 1, Mrs Baker 2, Amy Hodgins 3.
Bureau cover, filet crochet O’Hara 1, Geo 1‘aimer 2, W T Barber 3.
Bureau cover, colored emb — Mrs O'Hara 1.
Pair towels, eml>—Mrs W E Shaw 1,
Henry Davis 2, Amy Hodgins 3.
Pair linen towels, darning — Henry Davis 1, Amy Hodgins 2.
Pair towels, filet crochet—Mrs W E Shaw 1, Mrs A A Smart 2, Amy Hodgins 3.
Lady's underskirt, emb— Amy Hod-gins 1, Nettie Bell 2.
Lady's underskirt, filet emb—Josie
Barnett l, Fred Smart 8,8 L Stark 3.
Lady’s underskirt, Irish crochet - bmart 1, Geo Palmer 2, Mrs R VV Hod-
Fred Smart 1, A Sly 2, Amy Hodgins 3. Lady * rn'ttena, knitted-Geo Palmer Pillow sham, emb—Fred Smart 1.	1, VV v Barber 2.
Pillow case, emb-Fred Smart 1, W L Lady» mittens, kmtted-W T Bar T Barber »	ber 1, Alice Davis 2.
Pillow mver, crochet-Amy Hod.ins Ifdy’s gloves, kmtted-W T Barber 1, H T McDowell 2, Henry Davis 3	>. Geo I aimer 2, Alice Davis 3
Pillow cover, emb - Iva Cowan 1, xlW<f'^x' kn‘tt!d"V£ T «arher 1, Fred Smart 2, W E Shaw 3.	M"A ,A Smart 2, Amy Hodgins 3
Sheet, crochet—Mrs Baker I, Amy "<*> ^km*S knittod-Mrs A A Hodgins *	Smart 1, n T Barber 2, (teo Palmer 3.
Table runner, col d en.b-Iva Cowan Wool double mitts-Percy Dagg 1, 1, Amy Hodgins 2.	W nT lkfrbef2; J B Armstrong.!.
Table runner, crochet-W T Barber 1, D Gent s shirt, machine made-VV T W E Shaw 2	Barber 1, Mrs A A Smart 2, John Mc-
Child’s dress, emb—Mrs	Woodley 1,	3:	,	...	.	,
Mrs R W Hodgins 2	Specimen	darning	on silk	and	wool
‘ Child’s bonnet, emb- Henry Davis 1, stockings Josephene Barnett
Mrs Baker 2, Mrs Woodley 3	cn^> patchwork —H T Mc-
Specimen rambler rose W T Barber Dowell L Mrs A A Smart 2, Herman
1, Fred Smart 2.	Belsher 3.
Fancy apron, white emb-Fred Smart %"ilt,	applique-Herman Bel-
Fancy aurnn, crochet-Mrs A A Smart Wu»lt, cotton fancy quilted—Mrs D 1, H T McDowell 2, Fred Smart 3. A Biker 1 Geo Palmer 3.
Collar, emb-Mrs O’Hara 1.	fancy -Thus tindlay 1, Her-
T ,t"1"	°»	D.vU ,. Hen,
Nightgown, emb-H T McDowell 1, Gam 2, L Wiggins 3 Mrs Cyrus Hodgins 3, Iva Cowan 3.	_ crochet-L VV.gg.ns 1, Jos B
berNifM» a"A Smart™,Tsiy"3.‘ ^ Fincy «.H>r mat-Geo Palmer 1. HT
Nightgown, filet crochet—Mrs OHara McDowells.	,
1, Josie Barnett 2, W Cameron 3.	n turtain.S pair filet crochet
r	Barber 1.
4Ig§8E
Henry Davis 2.	_ \irH	i
it Truhn la<Ü’9Irish-X McLellan *’ " House drvL Mrs J McNeill 1.
HI McDowell 2.	Specimen laundry work—Amy Hod-
^	A A Smt & L M « " W *»*., 3, George E
’’ Handc^het-Mrs A A Smart Glass 44—(Children under 16)
1, Mrs O’Hara 2, Fred Smart 3.	Specimen embroidery, white- Mar
Knitting bag, emb—Mrs Woodley 1. guerite Hodgins 1, Josie Barnett 2, Isa Knitting bag, chintz—Amy Hodgins 1 bel MeCallum 3 Knitted lace in cotton—Alice Davis 1, Specimen embroidery, colored -Josie Mrs Smart 2, J B Armstrong 3.	Barnett 1, Isabel MeCallum 2, Marguer-
Lady’s underskirt, crochet—J B Ki) ite Hodgins 3. gour 1, Mrs Woodley 2.	Towel, French hemmed-Josie Bar
Baby’s underskirt, crochet—Mrs Win nett 1, Isabel MeCallum 2, Laura Ba
Cameron	1.	ker 3.
Baby’s underskirt, knitted — Henry Apron, hand made—W T Barber 1, Davig i	Isabel MeCallum 2, Josie Barnett 3.
Crochet shawl in wool—R G Hod- Handkerchief, hem stitched - Josie gins 1, Mrs Woodley 2, Mrs A J Mur- Barnett V Isabel MeCallum 2, Marguer-ray 3.	ite Hodgins	3,
Crochet baby’s jacket in wool—Mrs	Handkerchief, crochet edge—Marguer
Woodley 1, Newton Lewis 2, Mrs R W ite Hodgins 1, Isabel MeCallum 2, W T
Hodgins 3.	Barber 3.
Knitted sweater coat—N McLellan 1. Pair socks— Josie Barnett l, Alex
Pull-over sweater, crochet—Mrs W T Bean 2	_ , ,
Barber 1.	Crochet tie—Josie Barnett 1, Isabel
Wool Slippers, crochet—John McNeill MeCallum 2.
1 Mrs Woodlev 2.	Towel, crochet—Josie Baanett 1, lsa-
Wool slippers, knitted—Mrs Alex A bel MeCallum 2, Marguerite Hodgins 3. Smart 1, Mrs O Hara 2, A J Murray 3. Face cloth, knitted-Josie Barnett 1, Fancy slippers—Mrs A A Smart 1. Isabel MeCallum 2.
Baby’s bootees, crochet-Mre Alex A Crochet yok*,—Marguerite Hodgins 1, gind 3	Isabel MeCallum 3, Josie Barnett 3.
CREAM
WANTED
lions
by practising thrift now.
The Nation can be no stronger than its individual citizens.
The Bristol Branch of the Arnprior Creamery
at Bristol Corners
Is now open for business.
List of Prize Winners at Shawville Fair.
M rs
MISCELLANEOUS.
Specimen Mowers in water color Jas A Graham 1, H 1) Hunting 2.
Water color landscape — H I) Hunting 1, Amy Hodgins 2.
Specimen burnt wood—Mrs Cyrus Hodgins 1, Mrs R W Hodgins 2, Mrs Baker 3.
Collection cut Mowers H D Hunting
1.	S Millar 2, Nettie Bell 3.
Dozen asters—H D Hunting 1, Mrs Baker 2, R J Wilson 3.
Ferns—Amy Hodgins 1, Josie Barnett - •
Begonias—II MiBar 1, Amy Hodgins
2,	Josie Barnett 3.
One fuchsia and one foliage—Thomas Findlay 1.
One lily and onegloxina—H D Hunting 1.
Three plants, any variety—Thomas Findlay 1, Mrs Baker 2, Amy Hodgins 3*.
Collection house plants—R W Hodgins 1.
Hanging basket—Mrs A G Brough 1, Thos Findlay 2.
Window box—Mrs A G Brough 1
You who read this, get out pencil and paper NOW down the items of your living
Surely you will find
Highest Cash Price paid for Cream.
Cans furnished on request.
For further information write or call at the office.
THE ARNPRIOR CREAMERY
BRISTOL, QUE,
? ? ?
Set
To-day in this critical period of nationhood, there is imperative need for MONEY—vast sums
Only one way now
some items there you can do with-
our
out.
of money remains to obtain it
Determine to do without them.
Start TO-DAY. Save your money so that you may be in a position to lend it to your country in its time of need.
The nation must save, every community, every family, every individual Canadian must saw.
If anyone says “I cannot save” let him consider to what extent he
Published under the authority of the Minister of Finance of Canada.
29
1
FANCY WORK
Class 42.
Pin cushion, linen embroidery—H T McDowell 1, Alex Meldrum 2, Fred Smart 3.
Pin cushion, filet crochet—Fred Smart ), W T Barber 2.
Sofa cushion, silk emb—Mrs O Hara 1, Mrs Baker 2, R J Wilson 3.
Sofa cushion, drawn work
Baker 1.
Sofa cushion, hand painted—Herman Belsher
Sofa cushion—Rambler rose
Smart 1.	.
Sofa cushion, fancy—H T McDowell 1, W T Barber 2, Mrs O’Hara,3.
Baby pillow, fancy—Mrs Woodley 1. Handkerchief, eyelet emb—H T McDowell 1, Mrs O’Hara 2, Josie Barnett
Handkerchief, crochet lace—H T McDowell 1, Mrs O’Hara 2, Josie Barnett 3 Handkerchief, crochet lace—H l McDowell 1, Fred Smart 2, Mrs A A
Smarts.	_ „
Handkerchief, tatted—Mrs MeCallum 1, H T McDowell 2, Mrs O’Hara 3.
Handkerchief, drawn work—Mrs Baker 1, Geo E Palmer 2, Mrs O'Hara 3.
Afternoon tea cloth, white emb—Iva Cowan 1, Amy Hodgins 2.
Afternoon tea cloth, drawn work— Mrs R W Hodgins 1, J A Graham 2.
Afternoon tea cloth, fancy — Mrs Woodley l, Mrs f )Tiara 2.
Afternoon teacloth, filet crochet—W
E Shaw l.
Centrepiece, white linen emb—Mrs Baker 1, Amy Hodgins 2, W T Barber 3.
Centrepiece, drawn work—Mrs Baker 1, N McLellan 2, 8 L Stark 3.
Centrepiece, cold emb—Mrs O'Hara I, WE Shaw 2, Fred Smart 3.
Centrepiece, crochet—Geo Palmer 1, Wm Cameron 2, Fred Smart 3.
Doylies, crochet—Henry Davis 1, Mrs A A Smart 2, Geo Palmer 3
Tray cloth, white emb—Iva Cowan 1, Fred Smart 2, Henry Davis 3 Tray cloth, drawn work—Geo Palmer W E Shaw 2.
Tray cloth, fancy—Mrs Woodley 1, mart 3.
HAVE YOU ant WHEAT fob SALE ?
Mrs
Fred
W T
Farmers:
Our Company, the St Lawrence Flour Mills Co^ Limited, is ready to buy, at the price fixed by the Government, any wheat harvested in the Province of Quebec, grown from Manitoba seed.1
If you have any such wheat for sale, mail us a sample, and let us know at the same time how much of it you can dispose of, and we will answer your letter promptly.


1
St Lawrence Flour Mills Co., limited, 1110 Notre Dame Street Montreal

Our Government standard flours, REGAL and FLEUR DE LIS, are still, and notwithstanding the restrictions imposed upon us by the Canadian Government, the 171 |7| in _ I |P best flours on the market for the baking of bread and
a LaEiU IX 06 Liu pastry—a trial will convince you.
i,
Fred
###PAGE###5###

Centre Barber Shop
THE EQUITY,
This is the
N|ost Important News
Published in The Equity this year
AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF A
H Weekly Jouresl devoted to loom Intermits.
On the Busy Corner
T. TUCK, PROPRIETOR.
Shawtille, County Pontiac, Quo.
Thy Us for—
NOTICE-MILITARY SERVICE ACT, 1917
REGISTRATION OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS
ubsohiption, |1 a Year in Advance IT All arrears must he paid up before my paper Is discontinued.
advertising rates.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per tine for at Insertion and 5 cents per line or each ubsequent Insertion Business cards not exceeding one inch usorted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcementa Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, mirriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Tobaccos, Cigars
and Cigarettes
A full line always on hand
BOYS’ CLOTHING SALE.
Auknt fob—
The Crown Steam Laundry, Ottawa.
Special rates on family wanking.
Bring in laundry Monday. Shipped on Tuesday—returned Friday.
T. TUCK
Male citizens of the United States living in Canada of AGES 21-30, both inclusive, MUST REGISTER BY REGISTERED POST with the Registrar under Üie Military Service Act of the district in which they live, during the TEN DAYS NEXT FOLLOWING SEPTEMBER 28th, 1918; and such CITIZENS OF THE AGES 19, 20 AND 31 -44, both inclusive, must so register during the TEN DAYS NEXT FOLLOWING OCTOBER 12th, 1918. It must be emphasized that THIS INCLUDES AMERICANS LIVING IN CANADA OF THE ABOVE AGES, MARRIED AND SINGLE, and in eludes ALSO ALL THOSE WHO HAVE SECURED DIPLOMATIC EXEMPTION OR HAVE REGISTERED WITH AN AMERICAN CONSUL, or HAVE REGISTERED FOR MILITARY SERVICE IN THE UNITED STATES.
0

SHAWVILLK
We have put on sale 29 Boys’ Suits compris ing sizes 27 to 34, and in prices from
85.00 to 812.00.
These Suits are not all up-to-the-minute in style, but they are away ahead of the present minute quality and colors.
We offer you a
Special 10 per cent Discount
To clear out this lot.
If you want a suit that will give your boy good school wear, try one.
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
'Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Usid With Very Great
SUOCJNW.
in
JOB PRINTING.
... kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by aiall promptly attended to#
JOHN A. C0WAKU
Fur rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. .Miller, grocer and baker, Ren frew, writes : 44 I bad rheumatism in my shoulders for, over a year. I used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness
C. .McCabe, R. M. 1). No. 5, Renfrew, writes :441 was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt 8t., Renfrew, writes :441 was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.”
Mr. 1). M. Robertson, Renfrew writes : 441 have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy.”
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta-
411
Registration letters may be handed to local Postmasters for despatch to the proper Registrar, under the Military Service Act.
MILITARY SERVICE BRANCH.
Professional Cards.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bay Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
Dootor(of Dental* Su rgery, University of
Lleeathlteof Dental Surgery, Quebec
. Que.
Ladies’ Raincoats.
NOTICE-MILITARY SERVICE ACT. 1911
MEN EXEMPTED AS FARMERS
Considering the very wet Fall we are having, here is SPECIAL very suitable and very profitable for
you
Ladies' Raincoats in Silk Poplin
All in light tan, and sizes 30, 38, 40, 42 $7.00 and $7.50 garments ; but to wind up the season
we offer them to you at
a
Xi
S. A. MACKAY
Having in view the importance of leaving a sufficient number of men on those farms, which are actually contributing to the National Food Supply, notice is hereby given as follows :
1.	ALL MEMBERS OF CLASS I POSSESSING EXEMPTION AS FARMERS which is expiring and WHO WISH TO REMAIN EXEMPT should communicate with
îOtssurs s™™
EXEMPTION. Questionnaires will thereupon be issued to these men by the Registrar and they will receive further exemption upon furnishing satisfactory proof that they are tribu ting sufficiently to the National Food Supply.
2.	In order to facilitate productive employment during the Winter months, MEN EXEMPTED AS FARMERS SHOULD APPLY TO THE REGISTRARS FOR PERMITS TO ENGAGE FOR THE WINTER IN SOME OCCUPATION OF NATIONAL INTEREST, SUCH AS LUMBER ING, MUNITION WORK, ETC. Such permits will serve to enable exempted farmers to pursue other useful occupations for the months during which farming operations cannot be
carried on.
notary public
— ¦ Quo.
These are
Shawvllle,
$5.00 each
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, *o.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
'Will be at Shawvllle Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
wa ; M Joyce, Quyon, Que.; or direct from the manufacturer W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. j>er bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage.
G. F. HOGGINS GO. LT D.
810603
Canadian Food Board License Number
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.G.
ADMINISTRATRIX’ NOTICE TO
CREDITORS,
con
• AC
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY. R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
A i vooate, Bab
196 Main St.

- Hull.
In the Matter of WILLIAM SHAW, late of the City of Ottawa, in the County of Carle ton and Province of Ontario, Gentleman, deceased :
NOTICE is hereby given that all persons having any claims against the said William Shaw, who died on or about the 12th day of May, 1918, are required to send by post, prepaid, or deliver to the undersigned Solicitors herein for Isabella Maria Blyth, Administratrix of the estate of the said William Shaw, their names and addresses and full particulars in writing of their claims, before the 15th day of November, 1918, after which date the said Isabella Maria Blyth will proceed to distribute the assets of the said deceased among the persons entitled thereto, having regard only to the claims of which she shall then have had nolice, and that she will not be liable for the said assets, or any part thereof, to any person of whose claim she shall not then have received notice.
MaeCRAKEN, HENDERSON, GREENE & NERRIDCE,
Trust Building, Ottawa, Solicitors for the said Isabella Maria Blyth. Dated at Ottawa, this 14th day of September, 1918,
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
campbells bay, Que|doops, Sash, Dressed
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed...............i	Lumber, etc.
MILITARY SERVICE BRANCH.
IT*
The Renfrew Truck Scale
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL
Will attend Courts and Business in the ' District of Pontiac.
Custom Sawing.
•91 MAIN ST.,


GEORGE E. MOREHCY fVVERCOATS !
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
OVERCOATS !
ALL KINDS OF
Plans, Lines, Boundaries, «c.
uted carefully to the eatlafaction or partie».
162 Wellington St. - •
Phone : Queen 5230.
We have just opened up a number of up-to-date Overcoats which will make those who wear them feel dressed. Why not come in and try them on and see ?
A Reliable Scale for every Farmer.
I also handle
Hull.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Renfrew Cream Separators,
Renfrew Gas and Kerosene Engines,
Renfrew Happy Farmer Tractors.
Grain Grinders, Fanning Mills,
Drag Saws, Pole Saws, Belting, Shafting, Hangers, Hearings, Pulleys,
Pump Jacks,
Province of Quebec,
School Municqwdity of Clarendon.
PUBLIC NOTICE is hereby given to all proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this Municipality that the Collection Roll of School Taxes, as established by the School Commissioners of this Municipality, has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested, during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended ; any rate-payer may, during said delay, complain of such roll, which shall be taken into consideration and homologated, with or without amendment, at the meeting of the Commissioners to take place on Saturday the 19th day of October 1918, at the Office of the Secretary Treasurer in the village of Shaw-ville at the hour of one in the afternoon ; but, such delay expired, it shall come into force and eveiy person interested, after having tak thereof, if he so desires, shall pay the amount of him taxes to the undersigned, at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville this 18th day of month of September 1918.
m. a. McKinley,
Asst Secty-Treas.
GEORGE HYNES
FELT HATS
A good range of fashionable Felt Hats in the latest colors and shapes.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville. Personal attention.Openallhours.
Seeley Pumps,
Auto Tires
Harness,
MURRAY BROS
SHAWVILLE
H. E. MITCHEM
*9
UNDERTAKING and EMBALMING
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
Opposite Misses Wilsons Confectionery.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
W. J. HAYES
P. S. —Two second-hand Separators, Four good Horses.
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
cn cognizance
Canadian Pacific Railway.
J. L. HODGINS
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public
of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending
before placing their order
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machine*
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
Alterations in Passenger Train Service
Effective Sunday September 29th, 1918.
For particulars apply to Ticket Agents.
purchasers’ interest to consult me
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
elsewhere.
Young Pigs for Sale
A litter of Chester White Piga 4 weeks old, for sale.
Apply to PETER BROWNLEE^
MPTLY SECUR
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
*4 University SU Montréal.
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
k
###PAGE###6###

GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
ANTED £
FUNNY FOLD-UPS
nd
S
CUT OUT AND FOtO ON DOTTCD
HlgNMt Mew#eld
By Andrew f. Center. M.D
0r. Carrier will answer all signed letters pretalnlng to Health. If yeet lieetion Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; tt not. It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is ew
as. % c;«".'r' Mrs;:
it West. Toronta
P. POULIN a CO.

Is
* #
de
The Gentle H*-huk<
By AgronomieL
Thle Department le for the wee of eur farm readers who want the ndvlnjj ef an expert on any question regarding soil, aeed crops, etc. If your question le of sufficient general Interest It will be answered through thle column, if stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed with your letter, a complet»
Address Agronomist oars of Wilson Publishing
JHsJLbtki	m wi	IBB
luring red clover after Its growth has immature, succulent plant throws the |_MlI Saut! I orlty of ousei as they are represent- ,llre dlatres. as was depicted in the	receipt In him wallet
become checked by frost. Because Juices to the surface and as they carry ¦...f ed to be.	; literature which this poor victfr. ..gv the way. have you any two-
many fat mers have given their horses off the K"ms and sugars, they "e	(0AT HAT OH CM They also, as I have very good rea-1 »r.1t me. while conceivable, la possible ^ stamps
and cattle free range of clover fields won washed off or change >nt0 c0™", ( WONDER HW THEY’D LOOK ON MU son to believe, find diseases, partlru-1 only in rare instances.	' “Yes. sir.” sail the proprietor,
after hard frosts in the fall without Pounds so as to leave the piani .THECOATJ A LITTLE LARGE YOU XL My in the sexual organs of young The story was a fraud and an im- ..How many would you like?" injury it is difficult to convince them duced in palatability and digesum y.	. KNOW HOW THE HAÏ Will bf men. which do not exist.	position.	The other disease, while ••Well,” answered the guest, cau-
th.t it is dangerous to utilise this It « P«or economy to m.ke hor.e. W 1 " ™	  (	But	because they impose upon possible in a man of 23 is almo.t ex- tioully. “how much are they apiece?”
tempting feed. Th,re ar, many p.u-	o Buie nutritW? «lue e,	1	I	these young men and tell them they cluaively confined to advanced life
r -TMjy	jssrjr-
stt7^-L.....am.	atsrsst,rsss;	:
not fear injury to the animal» they in,u,> t0	j	I When they have drained their vie- appeal to the imagination,
have learned from observation and ex-	Preparation of the Farm 1	I 1 tims of their pecuniary resources jf ^ey were to deal with powerful
peri* me that there is no surer means * Buildine* for the Housing of j I	I ' their interest in their welfare ceases, drugs, the drugs would be too expen-
of injuring a good stand of clover	stock for the Winter !	I	I	If a rejected young man can pos- 8$ve and they might do serious harm
than to allow stock to graze and j	w Months	j	mtl f|i|f	I	sibly raise more money he may be to the victim which would hurt the
¦¦ymisiiii
MHHE
¦¦¦¦=
"	“i"s - mw r.H.iv w,. -nxs j.-*- - —¦
gg=## g
perfection of feeding value tends to prepare plans of such buildings as even thirty insects a day (and they ™-
depreciation until it arrives at a point ' may be required on your farms. I would devour many more) would eat -y_______1	I in eight months about seven hundred
p—— — — •    ~—»	and sixty thousand insects. If these
If it is natural for tb* cow to give ^rds were destroyed or driven away
milk right up to the time for dropping rcsult would be the preservation

The Sin of Quackery

i
m.
<
¦newer will be mailed to you Co.. Ltd.. 73 Adelaide St W., Toronto.
v
I
V**
I

nor Italy could war without British coal.

>1
POULTRY
of all kinds.
Better quality preferred. Write for prices.
STANFORD'S, Limited
128 Man.fleld 9t.
i
%
Montreal
jmsm
man means a good deal of and to throw it away in this
FORISFRE
gps swWin5T«3,
fY>M Is going to be one of the bigeest
sssftoSEa w-tM
trap. Get ready early for by money.
Fact ory p i on traps, smoker», Write today sure!
,!» MS.
St. Louis, mo.
Hie Origin of Conscription
like
ortu
etc.
«6 64
Funslie
i
If ton Want the Highest Market Prices
Ship all your
to us —no matter what quantity We guarantee satisfaction and pay all express charges
#	LOUIS ABINOVITCM
Manager
ABBEY FUR COMPANY
(In business for 30 yearsi
\
MONTREAL, P.Q
310 ST. PAUL ET. W ¦
Reference, Bank of Hochelaga, St. Henry, Montreal
her calf, it will mean a detriment to on the territory where these birds her if she is checked In the milk flow. wouid have nested of about seventyi If her natural course is to go dry, it thousand moths and caterpillars (a
Treatment For Fall Void*
1.	Clean dry. comfortable quarters will mean a deranged system If *he iftrge proportion of these cutworms),
should be provided, free from drafts is forced to produce milk.	twenty thousand leaf hoppers, ten
2.	Disinfect house with a five per	-------—	thousand curcutios, and sixty-flve
cent, solution of formalin or some «	, Wil. _ ran.te,	thousand locusts and grasshoppers,
good coal Uir product.	Beekeeping with a Lapitel B .	injury such a horde of insects
3.	Wash heads of the affected birds Too much emphasis can not be plac- could bring to the farms and gardens! with two per cent, solution of potas- ed upon the importance of giving the And the bluebirds, the destroyers of slum permanganate and also put en- colonies a thorough overhauling dur- those pests fatal to our vegetable life, ough in the drinking water to give ing early October, so that they will be can be attracted to any spot by suit-it a deep claret wine color. ( Potas- in good shape for winter. It is far able nest-boxes hung in suitable places slum permanganate can be secured better to build them up strong now and protected from dangers. Is it from any druggist. An ounce or two and see that they have ample stores not time well spent?
will probably be sufficient). For for winter than to try to feed them Many of the small birds that work drinking purposes use about what can in cold weather, along in November, among the trees literally saving our be placed on a flve-cent piece to a In some localities goldenrod, asters forests every year can also be attract-gallon of water. Remove all other and buckwheat furnish abundant for- ed by suitable nest-boxes. The natural sources of water supply.	age for bees during September and home of the chicadee and the nuthatch
4.	Feed plenty of good wholesome October. It is astonishing how much is a hollow tree, not an easy thing
grains aud a mash (wet) of bran mid-	nectar the colonies will «tore from	to	And about most orchards now,	but
dlings, corn meal and meat scraps, us-	the fall bloom even where In some in-	a	nest-box made out of an old	log
ing about a teaspoonful of mustard	stances they have secured practically	with an egg-shaped oval snooped	out
to each twelve chicks. The mustard	nothing from the early flow. This is	is	almost sure to attract them.	As
has a stimulating effect, and also mete	evident where buckwheat is extensive-	to	the invaluable little wren almost
as an appetiser.	ly grown.	any sort of a nest-box will satisfy It,
Go over every colony as early as end no tenant will pay better rent for possible in October, and where one is. the value received, lacking strength, give it some frames' of sealed brood from stronger ones.
, When needed, some frames full of
Two representatives of the Belgian sesjed honey may be transferred.
Department of Agriculture, Dr. G. Bees that go into winter quarters Vanderheydtn and Dr. H, Holermans,	un ai>undance of honey are uso-
ars now touring Canada looking for alIy the ones that winter well. They Bdistein-Prieeiin catt,* M*l gian need no feedjng jn the spring, for at horse#, in anticipation of purchasing that time they have sufficient stores at the close of the war. The*e gen-	which to rear much brood for
tUmen have already visited a con t id- the early flow from the clovers.
le number of thé best Holstein |t ^ best to strengthen the colonies in Eastern Canada, and express with ^th bees and store* while the themselves as very muoh pleased with j weather is warm, what they have seen. They are looking for type, size, constitution and production, and breeder» will do well to remember that these are qualities
î
4

Correct style worn by well dressed young mon in oU localities. Lace boot—medium narrow recede toe, lew keel—made tn black, tan or patent calf. Price, $7.00 to $to 00.
Style—Plus Service at a
Fair Price

HpHE style illustrated above is one that is largelyprefcrred by I Canadian business men—especially young men. It has the *“¦ medium long vamp and narrow, somewhat pointed toe which gives the foot a slim and “dressy” appearance, without being cxtremeUn style. Those who like this type of shoe will find It thoroughly satisfactory in fitting qualities and a comfortable easy shoe to walk in.
This style can be obtained in several grades of black and tan. The price range—$7 to $10—considering the present leather market, is extremely moderate.
Next spring a shoe of the same wearing qualities will cost from ten to twenty per cent more. It would cost more now except for the fact that the resources of this company enable us to cover our needs well in advance.
A.H.M. War-Tima Sa I act ions offar special Servie# Valus for Man, Woman and Childran. Ask your daalar for thorn.
A Prayer for the World's Rebuildere.
We send them oft to school again to-
day.
This cool September morning. AH the street
Is musical with patter of small feet And little, shining faces all the way Seem wayside poeies for our smiles
to greet. '
erabh
\
I wonder if they ever guess or know
With what strange tenderness we watch them got
Just children on their way to school again ?
Nay, it is ours to watch a greater thing—
These are the World's Reboiklers, these must bring
Order to chaos, comforting to pain, and light in blasted fields new fires of paring
Dear Lord, Thy childish hands were weak and small.
Yet had they power to clasp the world withal,
Grant these, Thy little kindred, strength as tru
They have so much to learn, so much to do!
No Skirt Hanger
Fold the skirt directly in the .it must not be neglected if we are' mt<]dle of the front and back to build up an export ttade with Bel- breadths, then fold again, keeping jr :m, Holland, Great Britain, South band even. Run a long hatpin Africa and New Zealand. All these through the band and slip the .pin Countries are likely buyers of Cana-	a hook or nail.	2
fun Hohteins when shipping facilities are again available, and owners of the Sight sort of cattle will be in a position to do a profitable business. It is Worthy of note that all these countries prefer animals rather dark in color, the American fad for light colors never having mad* sny headway abroad.
Calves that are weakly are beet castrated later than the more
? 1

AMES HOLDEN McCREADY
It is not Lovt that gives the clearest
¦Haight. ¦¦¦¦
For oui of bitter tear-
"Shoamakera to tha Nation"
TORONTO
nd tears un*
WINNIPEG EDMONTON VANCOUVER
rainbow of sorrow over-
J:
Riseth

~~tfus Trad*- mark
tight.”
Ii
Where eiloe ere carefully AUed, eo that All »1i ie rmeWed, there will he Mule iro*l* pf (off frwn mould.
youngsters. In the ordinary calf they
y safely be operated on when a weak or ten days old.
You can’t eat wheat and ship it

###PAGE###7###

\

»

The Little Drum.
I was brave when they told me he was gone;
! shed no tear on that awful day,
Though the only light that had ever shone
On my lonely life had passed away.
I was calm when I touched his empty bed,
When T (fathered up his clothe# and hat;
I was firm when I saw his little sled—
But his drum—I could not look at that.
FRENCH WAR DOQ8.
WHY HOT BE H MECHANIC--------
IN THE ROYAL AIR FORCE ?
For Autumn Days
Faithful Servante Are Cared For By
Blue Croee Society.
Not every one realizes the important place which dosa are taking in this war. Of course, the Germans began training dogs for war uses many 1 years ago, but the French did nothing ! In that line for two years after war
They now have 18,000

#


Can You Handle Horse#f I I Are You • Good Clerk?!
Do You Understand Oasoll
-
I
had.
dugs trained or In training. These are cared for by the Blue Cross, which, at the request of the French Government, has attached a dog hospital to all the Blue Cross base hospitals in France where war horses are treated.
All dogs named by the French array are received at these bases, disinfected and quarantined. They are then assigned for duty or training.
Terriers are used to free the trenches of rats, and the larger dogs are used for patrol work, to police prisoners, as first aids to ambulances to carry appliances and water, to seek out the wounded men in shell holes and out-of-the-way places. It is said that Samo-yede dogs have actually saved the guns to which th?y were harnessed; they -carry shells, and even draw
.... sleighs and light transport. Perhaps Is made to prevent, as far as possible. ^ lmportant of all are the mes.en-
any violation <»f the ru e	dogs, which can travel where men
»...: :::,T...........« ;
*-zzrc, r*.i
The .«vcra*.. KngllHhumn von.ome. their alloted task. No one would ques- back flnd buttong in front over Ra,h-much more meat. England had three tlon for an instant the fine apprécia-1 ered #chf-m	McCall Pattern
meatless days a week, applied to res j tlon which has caused the French Gov- Nq M89 j adicf\ Dre58i In gizeSf taurants and similar dining rooms, be emment to “mention” Its dogs In des- ^ ^ 44 j^ugt	¦	¦
ginning in the summer of 1917. How- patches.	jéÉjeÉ#
ever	¦
ed, the older taking effect May 17 this treated at the hospitals In place of tho former restric-
This
A GOOD OPPORTUNITY
>:

!
te her# Offered tor men In Medical Category *'B” who are under the M 8.A, and tor mon who are not under the	to work in the
flying field*, worhehope and office* of the Royal Air Force In Canada. No other branch of the Service offers the possibilities for Improvement that is obtained by ambition» endeavor In Royal Air work, it la a big opportunity to serve the Allied cause, In congenial and health y surroundings, and In Instructive and Interesting work.

W,i
J.ŸÏ,
It seemed somehow to sgeak—that little drum,
That lies neglected, silent now;
To me more eloquent, though dumb,
Than any voire on earth, I vow.
How strange that out of all his things—
His skates, him wagon, ball and cess is due to ability like Corker's.
Carker's par» w r said lo him the

rce
m

{
A Napoleon.
It requires ability to business. Quite often business sue-
SKILLED AND UNSKILLED MEN NEEDED

ie<l in

It you si» skilled in s RAT. trsde, you will be given the opportunity to work st It; It you sre unskilled, you will have the chsnce to mske yourself proficient In some branch of work that will be of benefit to you when you return to civilian life.

i'.t


mitt	¦¦¦	1
His drum most poignant mem'ries other day , bring*—	“I" view of
And still I cannot Icok at it
h
m
APPLY PERSONALLY OR BY LETTER
* *ar scarcity, Darker, shall we >h<;rt°n tîv? weight of this commodity, or shall ve raise the price?”
Carker frowned u Napoleonic hu?i-, ness frown.

N
COR. GEORGE A DUKE $T8., TORONTO
?
LEMONS MAKE SKIN
WHITE. SOFT, CLEAR
Humph
«aid, “why not do
I
$T. BERNARD DOGS ECONOMY VICTIMS
Make this beauty lotion for a few cents and see for yourself.
both?”

V
•*l*Ttiv.dfi e»At|i«s }atnrrvT*i e.ÿJvar*
What girl or woman hasn't heard uf
ompi exion
lemon juice to remove g	I
blimiibei; to whiten tin- akin and to bring out the roses, the freshness and imitation gib % the hidden beauty? But lemon juice	has
alone Is acid, therefore irritating, and =====
Chief.y for
ofing automobiles an that resembles ceilu-.vented in Enroyre.
ALL BUT SIX AT FAMOUS MONASTERY KILLED TO SAVE FOOD.
If#
AGENT» WANTED
Should be mixed with orchard while
thin way. Strain through a fine cloth OORTHAIT .vinNTs WANTING
the juice of two fresh lemon» into a KramsT huS ïv#r> at" tow8st"pt?«i»8 bottle containing about three ounces j V ni ted Art r„ i Brunswick \\m
of orchard white, then shake well and	'
you have a whole quarter pint of skin and complexion lotion at about the cost one usually pays for m small Jar of ordinary cold cream. Be sure to ¦train the lemon Juice so no pulp gets into the bottle, then this lotion will remain pure and fresh for months. (
When applied daily to the face, neck, i r;,' for' s/' f arms and hands it should help to ; Wilson PuMr-Mi bleach, clear, smoothen and beautify
Price, 25 cents
Bread Shortage Affects the French Nation More Seriously Than Any Other.
these meatless days were abolish
Ho far, over 1,000 dogs have been
All operations on dogs and horses are performed under anaesthetics by trained
The town of Mosaley
wanted
B
QUOTE DHJt.lVKKKD
Reid
AI.EI> HAY BothwHI
Bothwell, (»f,tar I
year
tlon à meat card was Issued card entitles the holder to a certain amount of meat, which he may buy four specified days of the week. Englishmen arc consuming about double the amount of meat eaten by the same number of Frenchmen at present.
French frugality in meat la the more remarkable am It is accompanied by a similar and much more drastic restriction In the consumption of bread. "A Frenchman,'* according to a peace time Thistle down, thistle down, wit, “la a gentleman who wears a de- Blowing from the west, coration and orders an extra portion Sail across the surging seas of bread.” Bread has been the staff To the boy that I love best, of life for the French people.	Kiss his rosy lips for me
Still. France Is In a better position And nestle in his ear, than adjacent countries. Meat is very And whisper “Mother waits for you, scarce and costly In Belgium. In Ant- Son-Boy, over here." werp one has to pay twenty franca for a pound of meat and thirty francs for a pound of bacon. In Meerle, near Antwerp, a butcher paid 2,625 francs for a two-year-old steer. Cows are sold for J>,000 and goats for 500 francs
Swiss Regulation Strict.
Or fnrlo
08
All but six of the famous St. Bernard doge kept by the monks of that ancient monastery In the Alps have been killed. Shortage of meat caused by the war led to this massacre.
The St. Bernard Pass is of historical It connects the valleys of the
It was
veterlnariansgpj|^gg|**|^P|
lately presented to Lady Smlth-Dor-rlen, president of the Blue Cross fund, a cheque for £1,050, which Is the first Instalment of Its subscription towards this fine work only 8,000 Inhabitants
FOR SALB
r
WaLI
LQl il*J EL> NEWtiHAPBH a plant In Eastfrn an led $1,600 Will 1« k male Box 4» i.. I.td Toronto.
1 Jol i
Mossley is u town of
renown
Rhone and the Dora Halt* ;i HHHH traversed by Roman legions thousands of years ago. lif mediaeval times the pass served the armies of conquerors and the bands of mercenaries. Napoleon crossed the Alps at this point In
\I7KKKL> X HUH PAPER FOR HALE
? ?	<n% ner going to
\\ ill ««-If $2.<DU0. Worth double
.1 ft. r'o Wilson I le,I Toronto.

a
the skin.
Any druggist will supply thre ounces of orchard white at very lift!** i oui*?, ? g <
cost and the grocer has the Ien.
France
Ihftt iiiiou
A l
Thistle Down.
I
...
MISCELLANEOUS
•>
LIMPS. ETi? *1 and exteriial. cure*] wlth-jur home treatment. Write I>r. Bellman Mu«llcal foil! rig wood. Ont.
TIMM*
(
1ANCKI
•T
Impossible.
appears in one of which thniiId stand L
t
1800.
The great monastery was built in the middle of the sixteenth century. It was maintained for the relief of travellers who were surprised by snowstorms while crossing the pass. The St. Bernard dogs were used to find the frozen victims of the storms ' lu the snow-
They were specially trained
out iKilll l
I'	I Ifilr
Lilt
A good story Ian Hay's boots
repeating. The scene ^ Y.M.C \ hut “over there." A Cockney soldier, thinking to be smart, says that a German spy got into the lines. “You see," maid the Cocknoy, 'the spy was disguised as a joke, and the sentry, being a Scotty, didn't sec him." After the laughter had subsided a brawny “Jock" turned to the < ocl:n.‘y and I suppose ye think ye're unco
¦Frl£ KEEPYOUP ^^S
Jpr* Stove bright ^
{ Black Knight
kV STOVE POLISH
/


\
To-day the birds are singing In their choirs of maple trees,
And the golden rod is courted By the hum of myriad bees;
The squirrels with heaven-sent vision Add to their winter store;
And the streamlet ripples laughingly To join the ocean's roar.
But whet is that sails into view And wakes me from my trance?
An airship blots out heaven's blue And speaks of war and France! The wild flowers wilt, the song birds cease ;
All beauty fades away!
The world's at war! dear God send peace
My son's in France to-day!	;
I
drifts
for this work of relief and carried the first aid to the injured In a little basket attached to their collars. These dogs rescued thousands of human beings, many of whom were of historical prominence. And for the first tl— in butchers were found guilty of having the history of this famous monastery violated the Government rule regulate the dogs had to he slaughtered for ting the price of valves. The butvl. rs
francs
have to pay the cost of the trial, while fifteen farmers, to whom the butchers had paid more than the maximum price allowed, were acquitted by the

m

¦eld,
clever, hut look here, my mannie, did yjs	it ever occur to vou vim1 wad happen
Check suit, alwayi/Vpeii for Jail tac Kngland KJScuiU.,,!'
cL >«f h has an » separate peace ?
Will

Easy
g. M( < »
At Vs I de Travers, Switzerland, two
not
to
was tac sitfn
burn
use
*
This attract!
wear
Interesting shawl-col^r which gives a soft finish to the neck. JlcCal’ Pat-, 1 tern No. 8487, Ladies’ Cost. In 6 ! sizes, 34 to 44 bust _ .HBH • Ladies’ Two or Three-Piece Skirt. In 7 sizes, 22 to 34 waist cent# each.
These patterns may be oblsined from your local McCall dealer from the McCall Co., 70 Bond St* Toronto, Dept.,W.	%
want of food
MJaard'0 Liniment for eel* erervmbers
What Lime Docs.
Besides being a plant food itself, i lime helps most soils by improving the structure of the grains; it sweet-the soil, thereby aiding the little living germa called bacteria, by set °‘ | ting free the potash that is locked i up in the soil.
Hum#n Food First Interest
\
SELDOM SEE
At other times a report of this sort would create profound Interest in Paris, but at present the human race la thinking of Its own necessities and b*ry cares less about dog heroes living more than 8,100 feet above the surface of the sea
No. 8183
a big kr.ee like this, but your hors# may have a bunch or bruise on hi# k!e, hock, stifle, knee or throat.
Price, 20
In the course of proceedings in the court it was shown that an army of fleer of the commissary department la
111 lit! 9M-. -
The sale of meat is prohibited on 1 Even meat supplies foi ho.spitalb Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, were reduced 10 per cent In hotels and restaurants no guest Is caused Increased prices, entitled to more than 100 grams of meat as part of a meal Tuesdays. This restriction Is aimed at hoarding. Even slaughter houses are entirely closed the meatless days. Thus the attempt
ARSORBINE
*TfcA0l MARK R<C.U.$PAT. Off
ens

off without laying up
No blister, no hais
mil clean it the horse.
MONEY ORDERS.	gone. Concentrated —only a few
B„> your out-oftown supplie* with
Dominion Express Money Orders. Hvc Book • R frr*. ABSORBING. JR.. nolU,r* throe cent*
fain an4 Inftsmmati**. frier 11.21 a boole at dfauuw ef
ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN'T HURT A BIT!
i
4rtirtrr4, Liberal trial book poetpaid for 10c.
West Needs More Reserves
No foolishness! Lift your corns and calluses off with fingers —It's like magic!

W.F.Y0VN6. f. D. F..HI l nuis StSg. West real. Csa»
Further extensions M the areas set Western Canada as forest are much to be desired. No
*
•«Mortice ni AMortioe. Jr., ire Bide Is Cm
: apart in
! reserves
! such reserves have been made since ‘ j Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or	though very considerable areas ;
can harmlessly be have been found upon examination to ,
Quick Excavation
This
cr
When Sir Harry Lauder, the Scottish comedian, who now spends most of his time singing to the boys at the front, gave one such entertain- j any kind of a corn ment to the Canadians up near Ypres, lifted right out with the finger* if you ,,e chiefly valuable for forest pur he took hi* place at the bottom of a apply upon the corn	few dM>P*
sort of natural amphitheatre, on the freesone, may* a Cincinnati antbori >
email Minard i Liniment Care# Borne. Ete.

KEEP TOI'» SHOES NEAT

ERASING BLOTS ON THE MAP
?
Names of Allied Heroes Should Re place Those of German Origin.
poses
IN
Every German name which occurs the map of the British Empire is a blot which ought to be erased, and
sides of which the soldiers	grouped	For	little cost one can get a|
themselves. After he was	through	bottle	of freer one at any drug store
he stood talking to one of	the offi-	which	will positively rid one's feet	of
something more worthy put in Its eerg and asket| hjm how often the	eVerv	corn or callus without pain.
Place What	wants to live *n ; Cerman shell* landed fair inside
Schomberg, a Kaiserstuhl. or n G run- j
which sound like the | things that swine say when they are at the trough, or longing to be?
South Australia has taken the lead In expunging from her borders ever) which offends the eye and ear
on
After the present harvest is gath ered French farms are to be almost j stripped of horses suitable for military purposes.


...
z*
SHOE POLISHES
This simple drug dries the moment it is applied and does not even irri
“Oh, I don’t know/’ said the officer tafe the surrounding skin while up- Raft* hinged to the sides of a life-slow ly. He looked around. “You p]yfng it or afterward*.	boat and which spread out when it is
know that hole you were singing in j ,^1# announcement will interest afloat to give additional buoyancy
just now ?	many of our readers. If your drug form rt recently invented device for
I nodded, says the comedian. I had	hasn't any freezune tell him to <afety at 5Ca
guessed that it had been made by Rureiy R small bottle for yon from
his wholesale drug house
concentration camp
a
thal, names
LIQUIDS ozx/MSTES
AkACH WHin TAN DARK BROWN OR OX* BLOOD SHOES
PRESERVE ^LEATHER
Saves Time,
Worry and Waste
and a lot of discomforts when the morning cup
name
by its Hiyinlsh origin, and either simply and sufficiently anglicising it. ns “Well, that’s the result of a Boche Summerfleld for Summerfeldt, and ^ell/' he said. "If you’d come yes Olivedale for Oliventhal, or wholly terday weVe had had to find another changing the name for something |noe for your concert!" which will in future remind the inhabl- j tants of the mighty struggle for the
TW fl DALLE Y COWO**TICMb%.iWMWO#.CAWM
a shell
The orange was originally a pearshaped fruit, not much larger than a cherry, and it is said that its evolu-A recruit on night guard duty for tion is due to twelve centuries of cul-
II	the first time, observed a shadowyjtivation.
Oh. Is that so, said 1.	form approaching. Following his in-
Ay ” he said, and grinned. “We BfriIptione he criet];
freedom of mankind which we «re I (lidn't tell you before, Harry, because,	' wh„ go<,a there?"
Iiaaain* through at this era In the w# djdn>t want you to fee] nervoue "Shut up'" a huaky voice replied world's history, names like Mount or anything like th* while you were	gome impati,nce ' “1 ain't going
Kitchener, Beatty. Mande, Dorrlen. Al- aingjng Rut it was obliging of Friti	in_ bavi( >•
lenby. Jelllcoe. Jutland. Hturdee. Mona. I]ow Wttsn-t it 7 Think of his taking 1 m
the trouble to dig out a fine theatre for us that way!”
“It was obliging of him sure," I said, rather dryly.
“That’s what we said, ' said the officer. “Why, as soon as I saw the hole that shell had made, I said to Campbell, By Jove, there’s the very place for Harry leauder's concert tomorrow!’ And he agreed with me!"
Cuticura Heals Pimples On. Face
Thai Itched and Burned. Scratched Constantly.
To Be Exact

WHEN YOU SUFFER FROM RHEUMATISM
IS

INSTANT
POSTUM
and Cambrai.
Already this has been done in isolated cases In the other colonies: but a clean sweep ought to be made, and the great names, which are legion, of British and French and Italian heroes, of town# not lees heroic, of battles called after places which are no longer anything but a scarred mud-heap, substituted for them

Almost any man will tell you that Sloan's Liniment means relief
rather than
tea or coffee
Postum is
free from caffeine, is made in a moment, is delicious, and the acme of taW# beverage economy
to l*e
which
blood.
my
Minard's Liniment Co.. Limited.
Gents,—A customer of ours cured a very bad case of distemper in a valuable horse by the use qf MINARD'S LINIMENT.
practically every man has used j lies suffered from rheumatic
For
who—
aches, soreness 01 muscles, stiffness of joints, the results of weather exposure.
Women, too, by the hundreds of thousands, use it for relieving neuritis, lame backs, neuralgia, sick headache. Clean, refreshing, soothing, economical, quickly effective. “Sloan’s Liniment” to your imggjst Made in Cttiada. Uct it today.
They Itched
a
3
Yours truly
VILANDlt FRERES
II
Ju#t So.
To l>e successful a farmer has to be sharp as a raiser.
The earliest crockery design* made u*e of in England were secured from the Chinese.
Strong On the Count.
“The way the Germans count their prisoners,’’ said the office boy, “remind# me of the circus barker who stood in front of the tent and barked:
“Walk up, ladies and gent#. Walk up and see the remarkable African hyena. Measure# 16 feet from the tip of his nose to the end of his tail, and the same distance hack making 32 feet in all
Soap and Ointment, and ft
ore. Now I am completely (Signed) Miae Jue-;hlaaA. , 35 Sheriff St., St. John
de
bought r beefed."
Say
Wetmore,
N. B., Aug. 10.1017.
For à change try
INSTANT
POSTUM
The consumption of horse flesh for human food in France ie steadily In-
Paris alone reports that
i
Sloan’s
Far Free Sample Bach by Mailed_____a.#	« W	fif a IV	4
creasing
70,000 horses were slaughtered for
Coal is defined a* “a solid, apaque, combustible substance of vegetable organ, taking millions of years to
form."
food last year
L .
Kills Pilin'
Walk
A
iasi
TS
ED. 7
i again
8 right up, ladies and gents.”


###PAGE###8###





?

Pure Bred Sheep Sales Car
?
BRISTOL ELEVATOR
tlm Stoillle Bool ni She Store
?

The Wool Growers’ and Sheep Breeders’ Associations of Quebec in conjunction with the Canadian Pacific Railway are running a Pure Bred Sheep
Sales Car which will stop at :
Shawville,
Campbells Bay, 2 p. m, Oct. 12th Waltham,
IS COMPLETED AND OPEN FOR BUSINESS EVERY DAY
To the Working Man :
2 p. m., Oct. 11th
? ? ?
Is it not a fact that the working man pays
more now than he ever did for the shoes ho wears in a year ?
Wouldn’t he be grateful for some way of low-
ering that HEAVY SHOE-COST ?
The best advice we can give is—
We buy all kinds of Grain
2 p. m., Oct. 14th

Oats, Barley, Rye, Buckwheat and Wheat
Rams of the various breeds common in Quebec will be offered for sale by auction. Farmers may bring in their Pure Bred Animals to the local point and consign them for sale. All Animals placed in the
Under present Government rule the price we
Can pay for wheat is regulated according to ICAr must be approved by the person in charge of the car. Each Ani-
the Canada Grain Act	mal should be accompanied by registration paper or application for
registration. Blank application forms will be supplied at the car.
For further information address
EXTENSION ANIMAL HUSBANDMAN.
MACDONALD COLLEGE, QUE.,
Or C. II. HODGE, Shawvillk, Quk.
We also buy
Peas and Beans.
BUY
?
?
?
The Williams Shoe
>
?
If you have anything to offer in this line apply to
?
?
They will stand up better and give more service for the price than any other.
MASSEY-HARRIS

?

S. COHEN
>
?
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.

BRISTOL CORNERS - - QUE.
i
P. B. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.

Canada Food Board License No. 12-71.»




P. S —Women s Over-Gaiters in stock now. All colors.
Your family, friends and business associates want your portrait. A nice range of folders to choose from.
H. IMIKON,
Artist in Portraiture.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us.
II. IMIKON,
Artist ii#Portraiture.
BERT WAINMAN

r-
z
t
WATCHMAKER AND JEWELLER
SHAWVILLE.
A stock of—
Victor Victrolas and Victor Records
Runabout - $ C60 Touring - • 090 Coupe • •	876
Sedan • • • 1075
F. O. B. Ford. OnL
All prices subject to war tax charges, except truck and chassis
AU prices subject to chanoe without notice
- :
I
?
?
:
<
k
H. J. HAMILTON

3F
5r \
—Just coming in
Office and Warerooms

9
I
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
Bring in your watches mid jewelry need-
We -pi	ill ? In-

I
ing repairs to us. class of work and assure you sati-fac-

?
tion.

1
FOR SALE
More Satisfied) Customers and Increased Pro fits
TVTANY storekeepers'
^ , tend their business by taking advantage of the uses to which a motor truck can be put.

flS
Registered Shorthorn Bull, four years old. Apply
STEPHEN BELL,
Wyman, Que.

*•
Keep in mind the Fact
rv t St
m

to
„ /

1.

This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware,
I

m
Young Cattle Astray
Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.


9
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned four year-olds—2 black and white ; 1 red and white, and one dark brown bull. Owner may have same by proving property and paving expenses.
RÔBT. SHEPPARD, MeKee, Bristol.
i!
eX-
Li ve us a cal

Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
fi- TT7 DALE p«actical tinsmith
Wl . vv . ****** Ad	Shawville Que.
r»
%
\
g
PERSONAL MENTION
Those who use the horse and wagon for delivery are restricted to a limited area. But the merchant who owns a truck can cover many times the area possible by horse and wagon. He is able to increase his list of customers without interfering with the service he renders nearby customers. A rural delivery route can be added or lengthened. His loads can be increased. His service is improved while his costs are educed.
I V
m
I

/

3L
Miss Hamilton, of Pembroke, is at present visiting lier sister, Mrs. J. H. Murray, in town.
Mr. and Mrs.
Ottawa, are visiting Miss Clarke and brother William at More head.
J
Mills Clarke, ni
I
m
Don’t Forget
the dates of
Our Big Sale
Mr. Ced. E. Shaw, manager of the Merchants Bank, at Bristol Corners, has been enjoying a week’s holidays in Montreal and Ottawa.
Mr. Lyall Hodgins, who is on the staff of the Merchants Bank, at Westport, Ont, is taking a vacation in town at his mother’s home.
i
/TV



01
Mr. John Moynan, late of Macdonald College staff, who has been in training at Petewawa for some time and has lately joined a tank battalion, paid a flying visit to his sister, Miss Ida Moynan, here last week.
Thursday, Friday
Saturday
5391
m
1
r
Mrs. Lister, of Toronto, who has been visiting her sister Mrs. John Richardson, and other relatives in Clarendon for a few weeks past, left for home last Thursday. Mrs. Lister, who some time ago was in the millinery business at Arnprior, and later at Smiths Falls, is now dealing in real estate in Toronto, so she informed The Equity.
The Ford One-Ton Truck Chassis fitted with a stake, express, or closed body will fill every requirement of the merchant The Ford Truck is of service in all weathers.
Price (chassis only) $750
F. O. B. Ford, Ontario
f
of this week.
4
A FEW SPECIALS:
Minutes Clarendon Schools.
5
87
Board of School Commissioners met August 24th, 1918. Present :
Chairman Bra fier ; Commissioners Harris, Laughren and Wallace.
Minutes of last meeting read, and approved on motion of Comrs.
Laughren and Wallace.	I	Killed in Action.
Motion - Comrs. Harris and T	w .	»,	.	,
Laughren—That Mise M. V. Ben- In theeamialty hat of last xyeek, nett, be accepted as Teacher of I rivale Ernest E. Murphy, D. C M. NoVj4 School ; alo Misa M. Roes, «V.dBar, of Vancouver^» reported of Montre»!, for No. 2 School.	killed in ai tion on He
Motion—Comrs. Wallace and m rance. Pte E. E Murphy Harris—That the following care- f overseas in the Sesforth takers be accepted :	Mrs. T. B. Highlandere of British Con mb. a
Draper, No. 4; tlie Teacher, No. 7 ; e*«y in HMi. and was twice de-Mrs. Nicholas, No. 8 ; the Teacher, eorated. He is a son of Joshua No. 9; the Teacher. No. 13.	Murphy of Vancouver and a
Next meeting at call of Chair. grandson of the lato Edward M. A. McKinley, Asst. Sec I Murphy of Portage du Fort.-CoM.
Fleece Lined Underwear, All Wool Underwear,
SHAWVILLE MOTOR CO.
$1.75 Suit 2.15 “
15 per cent off Sweaters, Overalls, Suits, '
Overcoats, etc.
DEALERS - SHAWVILLE.
• #
Notice re. Hunting.
FOR SALE
All forties are hereby forbidden to hunt or trespass in any manner on the following lota in the town ah ip of Clarendon, without first obtaining permission of the undersigned :—
Lots Nos. S and 5, Range 10 Lots Nos. 4 and 6, Range 10
1 Holstein Heifer, H years old, |Holstein Bull Calf,
1 Durham Bull Calf,
1 Durham Heifer Calf,
1 year-old Shropshire Ham, Also some Ram Lambs.
All registered.
1
Call in and look over our values. It will pay you.
Parties found an doing after this notice will be prosecuted. •
Apply or phone,
JOS. BROWNLEE,
R R No. 2, Shawville.
ARCHIE DOVER.
WM. TIPP1NS,
Sept. 12, 1918. JOHN PALMER.
