###PAGE###1###
(^4jüuüL* I^Maticuô
O
No. 42, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, APRIL II, 1018.
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Road to Independence
• fe
*«s?
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1*71
Trouble comes to all of us at one time or another.
The man with a snug bank account, is fortified against the “slings and arrows of outrageous fortune”.
It is the duty of every man to lay aside something for the inevitable rainy day.
Open a Savings Account today and take your first step along the road to
Independence,
Sfi
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
!
m m
PRODUCE 8
#
PRODUCE
4,750,000

94 Branches In Canada
Let the Hoe and Rake help the Sword.
I
Items accepted for
i
Get ready for the Spring Hush
COLLECTION
THC MERCHANTS DANK
We can furnish the Tools.
on any point in Canada, United States, or elsewhere.
Head Office : Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
QUYON BRANCH,
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager • A. A. REID, Manager.
Don.t neglect your Poultry and Calves, we have a large stock of Poultry Supplies, including Baby Chick Food.
Calf Meal is scarce and coming very slowly We are fortunate in having secured stock of Royal Purple, $3.00, 50 lb. bag.
r
Fort Coulonoe Branch. Campreli.s Day Branch, Vortaob du Fort Branch
W. W. Mm bkll. Acting Mgr. R. Lkobr , Manager.
0. M. Colquhoun, Acting M‘er
A BIG DRIVE
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
n SCHOOL

For Stbnouraphkrs. For the past rear the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. 16 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
a
KF Buslneaa notice» on this	Millinery—Saturday, April 13—
page 8 cent» per line.	Sale of children a trimmed hat».
rr A good RHftortraent of niw llr'l®?). SKeMoy's."1" l°	“l
Spring cape to choose from at |
Murray Bros
Ottawa, Ont.
Our instruction is Individual, and the school in open duiiog the entire year; you may therefore start at any time.
Our rates are $10 per month ; do not pay a cent more.
More than 300 students from other local college* hare in the past joined our classes. Names and add reuses are available. Students arc assisted to positions.
.	. ,, rnL .	...	.	We are HEADQUARTERS for Short
be held Thursday ut the home of I haul. Typewriting. Penmanship. Spell
Mr». Wm. Hodgiiw — Ka fit-view.	I mg. English, Correspondence, etc.
D. E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to tho heart of a soldier.
J. H. SHAW.
" Wljo Sows Well Reaps Well.”
A Play will be given in town by... ,	.	.
twelve young ladies some time Mako an appointment to-day
. Par-1	II. Imison,
Artist in Portraiture
COWLING
about the first week in May ticulnrs later—watch for th
cm
OTTAWA, ONT.
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for the*e examinations. Start NOW and rrt* be ready for the Fall Round Up, Our tS, school fo open all summer.	___
Moat thing* can be anybody h gift—I This week's work-night meeting your |H>rtrait is distinctively, exclusively I of the Slmwville H. M. Chib will
yours. Make an Appointment to-day..
H. Imison,
Artist in Portraiture
m
fijlT-----

¦	¦ HThe Shawville Good Cheer Club
I J. Turner has been authorized netted the sum of #20.00 at a has-to hold a sale of stoc k, implements tily gotten up box social on Mon-and other effects on Tuesday after- day evening, 8th. An impromptu
noon, April 16th, at the home of program, consisting of readings, B ¦	I WÊ 11 I
Mrs. James Fraser, lot 5-b, range music, tableaux, etc., was present-[of very neat ones at this office 4, Bristol.	J ed to an appreciative gathering. |several designs.
Proceeds go to the Red Cross fund
W.E.Gowmxi
President.
H.G. W. HraitiiWAIT Principal
W. A. HODGINS
EXPERIENCE
Memorial Cardh.—A new stock
vs
EXPERIMENT.
The Murrells H. M. club will meet at the homo of Mrs. Win.
quantity of Timothy with AUike Clover.
FOR SALE-A Seed, well mixed Price 13 cents per lh. Grown on Lot 22 6th con. Jobn A. Tklkohd, Moreheod.
SHAWVILLE
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade oi profession
Machinists are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentists.
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Accountant, we have the best courses available anywhere.
Last year our increase was 43 Bl year to date is even better. Still Employers' Demands Exceed the Number of Willis Graduates.
Cameron, on Wednesday, April 17th, at 7 o’clock. Program: Making marmalade, by Mrs. A. Pirie ; Putting away clothes for the sum-
V
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. Willie Proudfoot, of Fort
mer months, by Mrs. O. Cameron.	Coulonge» has been visiting	her	Your family, friends and business as
Roll cull - Selection of summer	sister, Mrs. 8. E. Hod gins.	sociates want	your portrait. A	nice
clothes. Election of officers.	Lottie Shaw has gone to ranS« of foldcM tn choo*efrom.
Mr. John J. Caldwell left on Mon- visit her aunt, Mrs. (Rev.) Alex.	. . H. Imison,
day morning to begin work on a Elliott at Whitehall, N, Y., who	Artist in lortraiture.
new sleep house at the Chenaux is in *x)or health.	Lost -Sunday evening Mween St.
Room, where operations w ill begin	Mr. A. G. Brough 1ms been	get-	Paul's church	and J. H Shaw’s	rcsi-
aa soon as navïgatmn oiKMis. Mr.	ting gravel on the ground for	the	donee a gold	cuff link inscribed	with
%	sans: sxEtjst' *" •“* "r .................................
SiEE	mu,»— '
i ti,Ü	^ North Bay, were week-end guests expect to start sawing for the season i:#u Sparks Street, entrance between
piked tl rougn.	I of Mr*. Jack McNeill, Elmside. Saturday morning, the 20th inst. Any ICetchum s & Sims.
Miss Lillian Carruthers, who has men or boys wanting steady employ- A position for every \\ .Us Graduates been visiting her cousin, Mrs. Cha». meut at good wages, please phone or Tucker, for several months, left write Wm. Douglas, manager, Braeside, for her home at Ay I win ou Thurs- Ont.
«i iy last.	" Special revival services will be
Mr. dames hulford, of b talks	|n the Holiness Movement
Corners, who lias been in rather ch,irch, Shawville, all this week,
;s ts&,rsnr^s isr*
consulta specialist.	number of preachers and people
The wife of Lt. J. M Argue, who from the surrounding district will has been at her home in Garth- be present. A cordial welcome is ape, N. Y., for several mouths, ar- extended to all.
rived last week and is the guest of	__________
her mother-in-law, Mrs. H. T.
Mr. H. A. Carlson, of Hailey-	^ e ~	, lf _
bury. Ont., who a short time ago At Stoughton, Saak. March 22 was bereft of his wife, paid a fly- to Mr. and Mrs. Sam Richardson ing visit to his children, who are a daughter, in the care of relatives at Bristol and Fort Coulonge.
Mr. Ivan Thomson, who has held a ixwition for the past two years
in Carkner’s shoe store, Ottawa,	_	,	^	¦
spent a few days with bis rela- received a wire on Saturday, tivea in town last week. Ivan pur- March, from his brother, Re I loses joining the artillery this S Osborne, of \ Ictona, British
a.œhBSs.e,-	SH3SSBS
spending the winter in \ ictona. Gao. W. Dale, Shawville Mrs. Carson had not been feeling t	„	well foi some weeks but her
The annual Easter Vestry Meet- friends had no thought of her ill ing for the Parish of Onslow was ness being of a serious nature held in the Church of St. John the Mrs. Carson was the only daugli-Evangelist, on Monday, April 1st, ter of the Rev. J C Osborne, and at 8, p. m. There were present: was born at Consecon, Prince Ed-Rev. M. W. Naughton, in the ward county, Out, in 1860, and wm chair : Messrs. Sam Simstrum and married to the late Rev. T C. Car-Henry Buck, churchwardens; C. son in 1881. She is survived by her Hutchison, Hector Bronson, Jos mother and five brothere-J. H..
Boland, Nathan Bronson, Duncan (Hub.) of Seattle, Wash.; K. D. of Simstrum, John Cowan, Thomas Arnprior ; Rev. H. 8., of Victoria;
Denning, Archie MoAdam, James John R., barrister, of Ottawa, and Amro, K A. Davis, W. F. Bronson, Prof, W. F., of Manitoba Uniyer-Alfred A mm.	sity, Winnipeg.
On motion ôn N. Bronson and U A few years ago the late Mrs.
Simstrum Mr. Samuel Sunstrum Carson, accompanied by her aged was elected People's Warden for mother, visited Shawville friends the ensuing year; Rev. Mr. Naugh- for a week or two, after many ton appointed Mr. Henry Buck as years’ absence. These with other clergyman’s warden.	acquaintances at Bryson and
The following appointments were Quyon, where the family resided next in order :	for a time, will, we feel assured,
Delegates to Synod—Nathan Bron- learn of her death w ith deep reson and Courtney Hutchison ;
Sidesmen—Ueo. Armstrong, Dun can Simstrum and Harry Bron
son.	»	ed to $510.13, leaving a debt of
On motion the sexton’s pay was *126.15 on the parish last Easter, increased from $24 to $30 a year. The income from nil sources from Oil motion it was resolved that a Raster 1017. to Raster 1018, amoun-Parish Report be printed every ted to $1080.04. leaving, after meet-year and copies sent to subscribers, ing all liabilities, a balance on The Financial Report was read hand of $237.84 to the credit of the and proved to be tne best on re- parish. Thanks be to God, to the cord in the history of this parish, church a good supporters, ami to The income from all sources from the faithful men who are at the Easter 1916, to Easter 1917 amount- head of affairs. -Com.
GOOD AS
THE BEST
Invincible Fencing
This
Boon for Homk-makkrs. — A matter of very great interest to the Home makers’ clubs has recently come into the reckoning in connection with their war-winning efforts# It is the successful solution of the problem of knitting two sock# 1 «¦—M—É
i i 111
dinaiily taken to knit one, after you “ get in to the swing ot it, so to »|>eak. The Equity learns that Miss Reid, the teacher of No. 1 School, has mastered the secret, from instructions given in the Farmer’s Advocate, and, true to her profession, is ready and willing to share the knowledge thus acquired with any lady who may
the trick is
F
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Cents Pci Rod
» once, in very time than is
l
more
or
7
O

Fencing
à
Strand
Pig
552 St. Catherine West
5
42
cc
cc
Births
Stock
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL. QUE.
Near stamey St
wish Ho know how done. It is to be hoped the ladies will keep cool and not overwhelm Miss Reid with requests for tuition at the outset. Everything comes to those who wait.
7
54
cc
«
cc
WANTED—At once
Lady once Resident of Shaw-1 «'^ouHework. Apply
g
cner
ALE
Mr. E. D. Osborne, of Arnprior,
60
8
«
cc
WANTED—A pant maker and an ap „„ , prentice. Murray Bros., Tailors, Shaw v. II. ville. Que.
«
Donation to Tobacco Fund,
We acknowledge with thanks the following donation to the Soldiers' Overseas Tobacco Fund
65
cc
9
cc
cc
John Hobbs, Shawville,
T. A. Fades, R. R. No. 1 Shaw
$1.00
Vestry Meeting at Quyon
ville,
1.00
LOST—Some days ago in the vicinity of Shawville. a man s fur lined glove. Please return to this office.
Notice of Meetings
The annual meeting of the S. S. Association of the Deanery of Clarendon will be held at St. James* Church. Hull, ou Tuesday evening, April 23rd, at 8 o’clock
At St. James* Church, also, the following day (April 24) there will be held the annual meeting the Archdeaconry of Clarendon, commencing at 8, n. m., followed in the afternoon at 2 o clock by the annual meeting of the Deanery of Clarendon.
Hospitality will be provided for those who attend these meetings.
Cents Per Lb
LOST—April 1st, between Shawville and Maple Ridge, one man a pullover
Finder please return to The
8
Brace Wire Barb Steeples
sweater Equity Office.
on
LOST—On Shaw's hill, March 19th, a chopping axe with handle. Finder kindly leave at J. H. Shaw*# or Yarm P. O., and oblige Ray Wilson.
of
7
cc
FOR SALE—A number of young pigs Price #10 per pair. M. R. McGl ire. R R No. 2, Shawville,
8
Former Bristol Woman Killed
KEY LOST—On Saturday. March :iOth, somewhere in Shawville. a flat key. A suitable reward will be offered to the party returning same to & T. Honors* office. Shawville.
The story of the death of Mrs. John Marchelle, whose charred remains were brought from Star geon Falls to Bristol some days ago, goes to show Unit the woman was killed by her husband, who brutally crushed her skull with a blow from a atone incased in a sock ; then placing the body on the bed, he set tire to the latter, thus hoping to hide his guilt. The crime, however, was revealed by a little girl who lived at the Marchelle home. Marchelle
for burial
g ret
Secure your supplies at once.
Seed
FOR SALE—A quantity of good Potatoes. Chas. A. Smiley. K R Shawville.
No 1
FOR SALE—A quantity of good Marquis wheat, suitable for seed purpose*. Apply to Hugh A. Horner, Radford,
SEED FOR SALE—A quantity of Mar quis wheat and 201 h Century Oats. All good clean seed grain. Apply to ÀLM. MkLDBUM.
W. A. HODGINS
has been committed to the county jail at North Bay charged with mimlei and arson.	1
###PAGE###2###
ITALY SPURNS |;%tLT^a#RROR OF HUN
*	in	« «nn ' war ^ey hate them more bitterly npw	itmtim	a mm a	hour ride to an Irish port and with it
AiKTR AN	1 IFS an(* c*° not believe their lie*	NlfiHT	ATTAfK	al* WH* the anxiety for the other fel-1
Ilirill	tiluU against England and America just as	lalaJIIl	am a 1 Avlt	lows. We found some of our fellows !
they did not believe those about the , ' good treatment and respect to the in-1 habitants of the invaded regions.
WAR STORY OF A BRITISH PRIVATE SSi,
down below anti on landing found that '	_ icy cold. I was able to swim for about
fifty-five of us had boarded the de-1	half an hour when a raft floated near
destroyer.	LIFE AT THE FRONT AND ON m# j w„ ,lmost ^ ltiff with the
"We found food and beds waiting	SHIPBOARD.	cold to grasp It. I managed to do
for us on landing and Ireland surely	so and crawl on board. We floated
was "heaven" that night. We were	--- around and afterward others came up
£“ ^^ ^
The best parrot to buy. though not Hundred Aboard Waited Hope- England a few day* ago.”	Worae Than Two Year* In of the water. They were too weak to
^aTmvlratUnah tUit fuîlr eJuai	l*a*ly for Aid.	SODA-WATER IN DEHERT.	the Trenches."	'‘“"For TwhoU day and a night we
the famous double vellow-head	A New York *irl' Miss Vivian Jo-	- - When the war broke out Frederick floated In the cold Atlantic, and then
ifmm	if. „,..Lh w much he,"le!'' in vcclpt of a letter front British and Hindu Regiment* in Awla [)ixon jojnej the army service corp* we were picked up by a Spanish ship
more humanlike. It is rated a more he‘r frieml* Sergeant Glen Gustin, of Minor Supplied W ith This 1 leverage. », » private in the Eighth King's Liv- and brought to Philadelphia
¦¦¦¦¦¦
,j,hrsrtü°us"s£IHLEI E'stebs —RV*°Am	w.....
EsZErHêjEBE pifiv'"'1™,Mz^Æ1 ""
Neither the macaw nor the cockatoo huJd!, °f U*‘ ,	.	.	Over on the River Tigris, in Meso- medically unfit.	men; the call of the munitions plants
is ordinarily much of a talker, hut Kut to get down to details, ino potamitt (Eastern Arabia), English	The Battle of Loos	and other war time industries, the
, The "truth" about America, accord- occasionally specimens are verv clever Voyage had been quiet eIl0.u^h |	[ soldiers are having unusual experi-	*	farmer finds himself so short of laboring to the Austrian version, is more at conversation.	; course, a lot of us got seasick your ences in adapting ancient utilities to “When a big battle is on the sky [ng help that even to bring his crop
or less as follows:	"You rely on Parrots in the wild state do not tIU , Uk‘luded’ *nd , can 1 8ay 1 J?n" modern use. One of the first institu- looks as red as blood. It did at Loos. j productions up to ordinary standards
America's help." the Italian soldiers seem to be vocally imitative to any ob-,7* ,	> S , "f.f* ,,lU i lions to receive their attention has It was at night. The guns had been wjU be a hard task. But ordinary
are told after having been misinform- servable extent. It is only when do- after 1 go etter 1 >t>gan lk<! 10 been the venerable "goofas," or ferry- roaring for hours. Then came the standards will not suffice, ed that a prominent Italian states-	m estiva ted	that they develop the fa-	°£ean7'lU vas ness,	strength an ever	boats, which natives have used	un-	order to get over the	top.	The	sky	must we	feed Canadians at home, but
man recently declared in Parliament	culty. In	their native forests they	1 urging co or. e	we a	were g ad	Ranged for thousands of years.	was red for miles. Every time a	big	we must	feed our Canadian boys over-
that Italy's case is hopeless as the	make a lot	of noise, and in the Mexi-	V s'g V	ho ,I,8	!.of U9 The English soldiers have put pad-	gun was fired it added	more	of the in-	8eR6 and	also help feed the peoples
army must he strengthened by 600.000	can State of Tamaulipas great flocks	V ' i Vu66 °\ X	i'1	^	& ern<?on	die wheels on the “goofas."	tense red light.	fighting	side by side with our men.
men within two months, while hardly of them cause the welkin to resound ° e. e ' a£\ .en# guesa- wc	"Goofas” are perfectly round in “I jumped up and started off over. With tbj8 en(j |n view and with a full
250,000 men can be raised before two with their raucous cries.	came too conh en o our sa ety. e shape an(j made of willow limbs and the parapet. I had not gone twenty understanding of all the conditions
years, "without realizing that such It is from Tamaulipas that most of g	* Hun m,«ht want t0 d0" twigs, just like a large basket. The yards when I was struck in the left prevailing, the Canada Food Board is
help represents a great peril both to the double-yellowheads come. They nat* a 1	* nrewor *•	outsides are covered with skins.	I shoulder by a shell. It tore out my calling upon the older boys of tho
France and to Italy." The Americans are taken from the nests by peons, "Boom! and Out NV ent Lights.	Navigating a goof a in its improved arm, and as I was falling to the j Dominion
aim at economic supremacy in Europe, who, incidentally to their capture, suf-	“We had supper at five o’clock, as	form must be akin to floating around	ground I was struck	by a bullet over
They wage war in order to make fer frightfully from attacks by	armies	usual, and afterward went to our quar-	on a magnified butter chip. When or-	my right eye. I lay	unconscious	for
money. Wilson’s pockets are already of poisonous ants that infest	every	ters to make our packs and rolls pre-	dinary paddles are used as a motive	four days. When I revived I was	in
bulging with "English gold."	forest tree.	paratory to landing in the morning,	power, the goofa has a disconcerting	a base hospital.	! j$y bringing out Marquis wheat the
A General of the Entente, whose	-----?------ Curly and I were working together on habit of going off in any direction but "But while I had lain on tl* ground D()Imni<m Department of Agriculture
name the Austrians have evidently	THE RECORDING EYE.	our rolls and I was just climbing into that desired. Since it has no keel, or a piece of shrapnel had struck me in R „orvice t0 Canada and to the
forgotten as they omit it, although	- my bunk after some articles when	other directing device, it	is difficult to the mouth and torn out nearly all	my	! Empire that it	would be difficult to
they quote his significant warning, is The	Development	and	Printing of	"boom!" and the lights went out.	keep it on a given course.	teeth and the gums on the right	1 over-estimate.	Or account of its vig-
reported to have said that America Military Aerial Photographs.	' Well, we knew what had happen- But with paddlewheels the goofa My torn gums were lying in my Grous habits of growth, excellent yield
aims at weakening France and Italy _	.	.	„	,	, ,	, ed, all right, and didn’t lose any time crosses the river with unprecedented mouth. I had also been shot in the . «uDerb milling qualities this \aras England has weakened Portugal. ‘ omewhere in England there is a starting for the deck. I succeeded in directness.	back of the head by another bullet. , from Western Canada has car-
Besides, American help will cost too	schoul for photographers where men	getting my overcoat and life preserver	Simple cranks and sturdy arms of Two years	in	the	trenches with-	^ off prem|er honors at the Inter-
much and will arrive too late. The	arf	trainet ',n th€ intricate work of de-	jn the dark. The fellows all grabbed	the soldiers furnish the motive power,	out a	scratch,	and	then	in two minutes	national Soil Products Exhibition in
German offensive in France is immin-	arui printing and interpreting	something, and there was a rush for	The fleet of goofas has been duly	to be	torn in	four places almost at	t^e United states has largely sud-
ent and will America help France in |tha.	"ii 'tai y aerial photographs on	the stairs. Curly and I got together,	numbered for identification and is do-	once!	planted the old standard Red Fife that
time? "And are you prepared to spend "hivh depend 50 many of the problem* but we couldn't see the others in the ing yeoman service in the Far East "Lor four months I was in a base . ca:no(j for r.^adim wheat an en-another year in the trenches, O, Ital-i*hat	dete™nine the	activities of the	dark. The fellows went up on deck	for moving supplies.	hospital in France, then I was carried	viab,e reputation in the flour markets
ian soldiers, instead of imitating the tr®°Pa at ^ront-	The	negatives ob-	fine, there was no jamming where we	-^- to Woolwich, in London, and was	in	of tbe worf(j
'wise' example of Russian democ- talin, by arîny ai™en are differ- were and we soon gained our boat INTERIOR OF LABRADOR. the hospital there for five months A , rendered hv the intrnd.ir
racy?"	ent from all others Their delicate sUtion, where We found moat of the	- more.	tion ofTt.lude. f!w Lr. later wai
Later and still more interesting ‘r»ccries are so lacking in contrasts company, and more soon arrived.	New Lake* and River* Diecoi ered by “My left arm was black ; there was alÿo of t importance inasmuch a a
••raMi.ra	asrB-BZÊEE
posed to the Entente to chTse be- lng hePlate,s	BJom>de fnlarf' | ing into the hole Well, it isn't exact- ™ty and the Carnegie Slu.eum Pitts. who ,ay on the cot next to mine had i ^ew ,ort has Ln or^ucëd
Message ‘Made in Austria.” j must learn how to read views made ,	M*nv C t Off 4 Rn t	, Museum; O. J. Nfurie, orator of mam- could have done myself. But every qualities midway between Marquis and
Strangely enough the faked Reuter perhaps when the camera is ten thou-	*	*** n a '	main in the same institution, and Al- day tbrX took my arm and raised it Prelude. It • is beardless, possesses
message from Washington "made in 1 sand feet above the ground. A road x..‘ an>	mon g0*	lifeboats. fre(f Marshall, of Chicago.	a ‘‘tile and slowly worked the fingers, hard, red kernels, gives a fair yield,
Austria" coincided with a genuine looks white; canals, rivers, lakes are *SH ' nur ' omPany went in the last They left Seven Islands Bay on the * a . ed me great pain, hut I could , and makes flour of the highest qual-message to the effect that half a mil- black ; upstanding objects—trees, tele- !*oa* * was lowered. W hen the. north side of the Gulf of St. Law- Ref tbat ^ was getting better. I could ity in regard to color and strength, lion troops would soon be in line on graph poles, towers—look flat, but boats vu‘J.r 11 ^ont? e	were , rence, about the end of May and tra- ra*8e *t myself, after a time, by taking Bread made from it ranks in the first
the western front, and there is every their shadows betray them ; they can- between five hundred and six hundred ^ veiie(j north by canoe, and portages tbo a7]m m>r right hand and class. This wheat is the result of a reason to believe that the Austrians not he camouflaged. Trodden ground ('' us on deck. . came the cry that reaching Fort Chimo, near Urgava Fen(l> raising it. f inaliy I had nearly cross between Down Riga and Red hastened to give their version of this —a path, for example—appears light- 1 1**re va ' a friendly destroyer on 1 be gay> August 22nd. In addition to map-	pow'er restored. Of course, it I* if«. Downy Riga was produced from
message to the Italian soldiers for fear er than its surroundings. Every little	e*. went around and got pjng the country, they studied the na- not aB K°od 88 before. But, you see, early sorts, Gchun, an Indian va-
that the Italian censor would suppress detail means something that only the * f re ¦ 'r timr to so® d puJ.'.ing türal history.	^ can 1186 B pretty well.”	riety, and Onega from Northern Ruait and as usual hide the truth.	accustomed or experienced w eye can a'vay* .	,l( a oaf °J men* Then Mr. Todd said the existing maps of	he spoke the soldier gave a de-( Ruby in recommended for trial
The Austrian “moral preparation" determine.	~	things did look rather dark.	a large district were found to be monstration and made me marvel at where Marquis does not ripen satis-
on the Italian front is useless and ah- j	-+- “Suddenly we spied a dark form Very inaccurate, and altogether mis- the Kood "^rgery. Unless he had told factorily. A very limited distribution
solutely no counter propaganda is	A Good Retort.	creeping in. \\ e watched it around leading, having been made by guess- me of ^'8 plight I could not have of five-pound samples is being made to
needed to neutralize its effects and General Pershing is fond of telling the st?rn of the Tu sea nia. V\ c went work from information supplied by guessed it. His eyesight, too, is daily farmers requiring an early sort. A prevent the Italian soldiers from be- this story ^ It happened when he was aroT a?*T to our 8U,aand found Indians.	| Improving. But his teeth are gone sufficient crop will be grown this year
ing deceived. The anti-American pro-i on the Mexican border. A regiment^^another destroyer pulling alongside to	-+- and his head still causes him some on the Experimental Farms to
paganda is destined to failure like that was marching by when it met a small, I !*\ ,v °. . e n. ° , u?*Xv >ou tbat	*n *>roof ^ 8 Point.	|inconvenience.	|
againet England, even if no attempt towheaded ragged Irish boy clinging ‘ * ‘ fs r"y ' "" " 'e 8 moun,eln Withering indeed was the retort of	doctor told me," he says, “that Spring.
municated by the Austrians is utterly the band. It was ail the boy could	' n"8n?lg *° 8ta> • «father	^	de-L *nd thln Slgnc<i	for another man—This train goes to New York in
r.l.e has been afforded by the Austri do to hold the beast. A joker in the	men	shTn'f,> Min<,uent a piece of his mind and ^ th* #h'P Commodore-	' ten minu^' .
ranks called out to the hoy as he ‘	. , |h	f f , ., , ‘ stamped out, exclaiming:	lorpedoedby a U-boat.	Dark Pudding.—One-half cup sugar,
When the Italians retired on the swung past. “Say, kid. What are , th-n sxvmvr the rone hnrk to"	“Vou're a swindler, and I’ll never "We had not been long out when we ^ ™p molasses, 1 cup sweet milk, M
Piave they saw the red glare of the you holding your little brother so * ’. » t » '	,	, i i . enter your door again!"	sighted a Gemian submarine at work. | cup ®bortening, 1 level teaspoon soda,
houses burned by the enemy and	they tight	for?"	"Because." came	the	i)V the letr and hauled m*-	aboard the	The next day,- however, he came	We saw four	ships torpedoed, and the	2 cupe	floor. Add raisins if one likes,
heard the shrieks of the women	and ( reply	from the	Irish	kid. “he see.<	you	,|^,tr<)Xer ,h,„ we befh	helped the 1	havlt a,ld bought five pounds of sugar	captain said,	'We will be next/ And	St€am	<bree hours,
children outraged and massacred by | guys	and I'm	afraid	he might enlist."	ufher fe\{own to ^Pt on hoiirfj ullty ,n I	"Dear me.” said the grocer, smiling	we were. The	ship was making a zig-	In a	test carried out by Prof. Zaviti
officer chased us down to	the engine	iu a ^giving way, "J thought you	zag course at	the time, but wc saw a	of the	O.A.C. without fertilisers the
room	were never going to enter my shop ! torpedo coming. We could trace it average yield of potatoes amounted
aggia/'	through the	water for almost	two	to 122.4 bushels per acre. With 320
! "Well,	I	didn't mean to," said	the	miles.	*	pounds of fertiliser per aero the yield
mer coldly, "but yours is the ‘*On the torpedo came. The engi- was raised to 141.3 bushels. With *hop	in the place where I can	get	nver ran to	the bow of the boat,	ex-	820 pounds of fertiliser plus 10 tons
You sec, I am going	pectin* the	thing . would strike	uj	of manure the yield was Increased to
plants and I need sand.",astern.	164.5 bushels per acre.
"It was the most dreadful sight I
es of men the most
off the ship. We were shot at, but the torpedo missed. Then came a five
ever win>< * * f To see
T
was


PROPAGANDA AGAINST THE
UNITED STATES.
PICTURED BY A TUSCANIA SUR
YIVOK.
CONCERNING PARROTS
The African Gray Is the Best For
Talking Purposes.
•'Wilson's Pockets Bulge With English Gold," Germans' Apes Veil
Italians.
The Austrians, who imitate the Ger mans in everything, have started anti c American propaganda among troops on the Italian front, says an Italian correspondent. Their propaganda is intended to serve as a “moral preparation" to persuade the Italians that it is useless to continue the war. For some time this propaganda has been essentially anti-British, hut evidently its results were not successful, possibly because the Italians could not be deceived in believing that Great Britain was not helping their country when British troops were fighting on the Italian front. Recently Austrian propaganda has become anti-American, and although its failure is certain still no pains are spared to have it admirably organized regardless of
the
GREATER FOOD PRODUCTION
Canada Does Not Yet Realize the Gravity of the Situation.
ger
interesting. Your censor suppresses everything of interest from your newspapers, which never tell you the real truth about the war and withhold political and economic information. We tell you everything and never hide the truth "
What They Say of the United States
•Till
Not only
A Promising New Wheat
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦provide for a generous distribution next
Brake
ans themselves
the Austrian soldiers. Since the», the Austrians have been trying to
suade the Italians that the inhabitants went off the market on March 15,
Canada Food Board's new Standard

Hand made, fancy bread in Canada
per
Praises Destroyer's Crew
of the invaded regions are l>eing well , under the treated and respected, but no amount regulation* of persuasion will make the Italians about two per cent, forget the shrieks of the women they ordinary, may only he heard or diminish the feeling of re- from henceforth.
I want to say litre that th<* officer
war flour,
oarser than and crew of that destroyer » bowed a
Inf. r.f
l

ing alongside what 1 v
ed for bread
courage i and standing until the lay man
an
to j
.

###PAGE###3###
Little Fruit Bud*.
Close up little fruit huds Don't come out just yet,
Or before the springtime You'll e nipping get.
Wait s little longer Till the winter's gone Then you can, with safety, Put your spring garbs on:
But just now there may be Snow to come along,
Then you would be feeling All the world was wrong. Sleep a little later In your cosy bed,
So the chilling breezes Will not strike your head.
Tie not best'to hurry Out too soon for spring,
Or, perhaps some sorrow It, to you, will bring. I Take another nap, then,
Till bright April smiles, And with tears and sunshine, She, your heart beguiles.
MAGIC
Order Now
Walnut Scarce for C.una.
Black walnut, which has always been the favorite wood for gun atocks
r.,U„,?g|W..T TORONTO .
of shall, la extremely scarce at prenant. Birch and maple are being tried
sent to out by producers of hardwood lumber | Goods may l>e cleaned with gasoline
without leaving a ring around the cleaned portion. Thoroughly moisten salt with the gasoline and rub the soiled goods.

Shur-Gdin
iinn
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED
CANADA
Fertilizer

Cleaning With Gasoline
BAKING
POWDER

cats at a disadvantage, were
kill and to capture them, just as the for this purpose native spearmen now do in ( entrai Africa. And undoubtedly also the hunted creature took human toll in those encounters, for such is mentioned in history. The modern sportsman,
with his high-powered repeating rifle, a Clnc|nnat| man tells how to dry
sarzsJiïi	- • -» -	, T„
night.	T	off w t n0e 1	| to certify that 1 have used M1NARD 8
When the gun was still a primitive	o- o-LINIMENT myself an well as pro
thing, uncertain of discharge ami un- You corn-pestered men and women .	^ ^ my prftcttce where a
sure of aim, being little more deadly need suffer no longer. Wem me an	llnl|nent wae required and have never
than the brown spear or the powerful that nearly killed you before, says	failed to get the desired effect,
crossbow, the lion had generally the Cincinnati authority, because a |	c A KING, M D.
better of an encounter with a single drops of freezone applied directly on a huntsman; therefore, it was then also tender, aching corn or callus, stops the custom to go in numbers after or soreness at once and soon the corn or against him. Arabs, with their long- hardened callus loosens so it can >e
barreled, muzzle-loading flintlocks, lifted off, root and all, without pain !-------------------------------- Lima is not a plant food or fer-
could trust hardly less than a dozen !	A small bottle of freezone costs very,	The colors of flowers are intended	tjjjzerf	but it performs a function
men to defeat a single lion that	little at any drug store, but will P091*	to attract the insects necessary to	that	very important for all crops,
threatened their flocks and herds and	lively take off every hard or soft corn	bring about their fertilization, i el-	in(le(l(,	a gertfiCe that is essential for
caravans. In such cases they ap-	or callus. This should be tried, as it	]ow an(] white attract beetles and	ciovt;rs	by sweetening sour soils. P	.
proached the beast with caution, form- jrt inexpensive and is said not to irn- small flies. The blues and purp.es	- ,lgh iT ^pcs of chickens are ge -
ine a line easily within range, though tate the surrounding skin.	« attract the bees and butterflies. Night M;nsr<Ve laniment Cores Dandruff	, eraily more profitable than the gen-
mmm	mmm
or two over, when others, reloading as !	The	I oresighted ( ook.	When ordering goods by mail send third laying >«nr.	I
rapidly as possible, would advance and There is a certain Brooklyn	man a Dominion Express Money Order,
at close range give the animal a bul- who takes a great interest in his let that pierced heart or brain.	household. The other day, just before
In some cases, also, the lion, no he left his office, he telephoned to his doubt filled then with a certain con- wife to ask whether she wanted him tempt for its human enemies, would to bring anything home charge before the firing began, when “Yes," said the wife, a number of wildly aimed shots would would stop and get some tea greet it, the unusual noise thereof j you might as well, while you’re about often frightening the beast so that, j jt, gCt a set of china, too.” without doing harm, it would veer off “China?" gasped the husband, and speed away to effect its retreat. “Yes.	Of courserve’ve got some,
Or a bolder lion might continue its ag but the cook says there's not enough gressiveness until it mauled several jast the week out.* men, perhaps killing one or more, all
depending, of course, upon the brav-1 Miasm Llalmest for sals everywhere pluck and successful shooting of

YE8! LIFT A CORN
OFF WITHOUT PAIN
§>.
THE WHITEST,
W
rum
This is
z

Hagi
u!1
At
BAKIN
POWDE
I
E.W.GILLEfT COMPANY LIMITED
TORONTO. ONT
WjgR
MONTREAL
WlNNiPfO
True Shaving Comfort
The man who uses the AutoStrop enjoys a clean, comfort-
his face does not unpleasantly remind him of his morning shave by smarting
~ for hours afterwards.
The reason is apparent—• freshly stropped blade Is the easiest to
Especially
able ah.nv
•have with
The AutoStrop la the only reeor that sharpens Its own blades auio-mstlosllv thus elwsye heaping them free from rust end In perfett condition. Guaranteed to Satisfy
Mlnards Liniment Believes Mearalffl*.

«I
:
Government-owned farm tractors that were at work last season are being put in good shape for this year at the Military Hospital at Whitby by
“I wish you'returned soldiers.
And	—,—


a
Complete Outfit $5.00
AT AU ST0U3
AutoStrop Safety Razor Co.
017 Daks St.,

BAD CASE ECZEMA

uitlnis

Mlnard'e Liniment Cures Burns. Bto.
«
r
Cut strips of sod and turn the grass side down in shallow boxes or on boards. Make furrows across the sod and sow peas, setting the boxes near the window in the cellar or kitchen. Later set the sod with the growing peas in furrows in the garden . An early crop can be produced in this manner
Relief Instantaneous. Healed With 3 Cakes of Soap and 2 Boxes of Ointment.
1 was very much annoved by an irritation on my back. 1 found out 1

Railroad Men
_____men know from experience
that Sloan's Liniment will take the stiffness out of joint* and the eoro-out of muscle»—And it » so
required, ring» re-
Th
491 IB
B ¦ t
I I
nese
convenient! No rubb It quickly penetrate» a lief. Laey to apply and cleaner than inuaey piasters or ointments.
Always have a bottle in the houee for rheumatic aches, lame back, sprains and strain».
Generous sized bottle* ai all drug-
\
mg r
ind b
ery.	¦
the hunters.
But the modern, high-powered rifle has changed all this, and now the so- early use
- sssss “ sbhSS
It ie small wonder that the lion and converted into carrion. 	p°v er ta 
the, tiger, largest and most powerful i*,m.tpsT«kin	Experiments are under way
of the cats and except for the leopard GIRLSI WHITEN SKIN Sweden with the use of paper cans
the most savage of all the larger < a'	stead of tin ones in the sardine and
-ssr - " “
mm
™>« DAHH3TADT TO PAR,3
combated by man and eventually driven out or exterminated. Undoubtedly this was accomplished by taking	^
advantage of the fact that lions rare- A night escape from the German ly go in large numbers and that small prj10n camp at Darmstadt, being shot armies, fitted out with various devices ftt repeatedly as he ran; a dangerous and contraptions for taking the big trip through a hostile country until
he reached the banks of the Rhine, an icy swim for an hour against a strong tide, finally reaching the Swiss shore near SchafThtfusen, were some of the
that Maurice Muller had
Turn a barrel over a plant or two of rhubarb and force the stems for
w had a bad case of eczema.
\ My back was in a verjehad _ \ shape, and my clothing 25 4? (A irritated so that the skin
became very sore. I sent for Cuticura Soap and Ointment. Relief was instantaneous and with the use u! three cakes of Cuticura Soap and two boxes of Ointment ! was healed." (Signed) B. F. Crusch, Y. M. C. A., St. Catherines,
Ont., July 4, 1917.	.	„ ,
For hair and skin health Cuticura Sc-ap and Ointment are supreme.
For Free Sample Each by Mail address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A* Boston, IT. S. A.” Sold everywhere.

II
fob balm

eekly newspaper in western Ontario. Doing a rood business Death of owner plaças It on the
"a pt, v'To'x 1? nW, ,f.°J= VuMU h ,'n'5 Co.. Limited. Toronto. _________
W
?
I
LION HUNTING.

SI O cXIT %
Liniment
MIlOBLLAinBOUe_________
Co.. Limited. ColUnswood. Ont.
KILLS PA1N
Sloan’s prices not Increased 25c 50c $1
THE ORIGIN AND DANGER

OF
I



/V

mm
F A M I LY f
SALVE



?


g
v
§
---IF YOU SUFFER FROM---
Catarrh, Catarrhal Deafness, Head Noises, Catarrh of the Stomach, (which is often mistaken for Indigestion), Catarrh of the Bowels, Asthma, Bronchitis, Loss of Smell, Phlegm dropping in the back part of the Throat, or if you have a Cough
YOU SHOULD NOT FAIL TO READ EVERY WORD OF THIS ARTICLE ---------
50+
Soothes and Heals Quickly-Inflamed cut», bruises, burns, scalds, blis. ter»; • piles, abscesses, boils and othe> Inflammations. At dealers, or write uij UlSST aiMlOT. COMSAWV._H&mllW. C*»s4<
What Parmint, the Wonderful English Formula, lias Done for Others, It Will Do For You
CATARRH, a loathsome and
INSIDIOUS DISEASE
tuîîimHutmîfîf
Rheumatic Pains
Escape of French Boy irom German
Prison Camp.
Are relieved In • few days by taking SO drops of Mother Selgel a Syras after meals and on retiring. { It dissolve# the lime and acid accumulation In the muscles and jointe so these deposits can be expelled, thus relieving pain and . Seine!'# Syrup, also known as ** Ex tract of Roots,
contains nodope nor other strong
drugs to kill or mask the pain of rheumatism or lumbago, it rathe cause. 50c. a bo le
M BToncVr »S' o„.D -U,n, or CaT A RR H OF^THE STOMACH	SSTof jS
total “*	- — STARTS	! (Often mistaken for Dyspepsia or In |^uiSuVhian 'Tub"»* tmd Dm bursting of
HOW CAT AH Hr b	digestion)	bubbles or the movement
S## Bi
I — ~   ! ss? **=

ens
Icta
experiences
to undergo before he arrived in Paris and applied to the American Red
Cross for assistance.
Emile Desroches, a friend who was with him when he slipped out of the prison camp and dived into the Rhine, began singing the “Marseillaise in defiance, as with powerful strokes he made for Switzerland and liberty. A German patrol fired in the direction whence the sound of the singing | coming. Whether struck by the German bullets or carried away by the treacherous tide, Desroches has not
at druggists.	^	'	•
of mucus
• •
If You’re Fond
w a *
TesTor Coffee
but know H harms
you. as ft does imny
others, you Will fmd
been seen since.
In November, 1914, Maurice, who was then fifteen years old, and his bro-IHH ther Georges, twelve, were bundled	c,m s*
Into a train that was leaving Ostend », dn.gfin. « un*ft. for Germany and taken to Darmstadt, W.f.f	l*-
just up the river across from SchaflT- ____' ,0J ANorb **	** ™_______ yoHT
hausen, where they were put to work at hard labor. Insufficient nourishment soon made the younger boy physically unfit and last October he such an emaciated condition that it aroused the pity of even the Germans and he was sent on to France.
Last evening as Muller sat in front of a substantial meal supplied by the Red Cross, he said to his younger brother, who has been in Paris for some
time:
.... ;lîœSirT.Ü»Æ
—i to victim* of membrane which line»^ the atomaelL^^ not notice It your-
You
INSTANT
P0STÜM
do
feeling» to tell you mo

nasal catarrh
LIQUIDS
ûth/
P.\STL-

The cbenge» of weather render the treated
was in
Even the slightest

OU®
d si les	•••—--- ihiifli
t,e calM 'he hlEhway «*_%«
The 11
m*‘n vaesHge»
gullet
a delightful & economical beverage

KEEP YOUff SHOES NEAT
relief from your Parralnt.
1
Made instantly in the cup, no boiling. Delicious flavor. ¦
a A cheering hoi drink for people of every age.
WHAT IS PARMINT7
Pm mint 1* an English formula put on the market In England about 10 year#
' Ingredients
IN
3
respiratory tract
the
to the br< Through the
i
“This beats the dog meat, potatoes, and rutabaga they used to serve urn at Darmstadt.”
À Red Cross representative is helping to find work for them.
Lord Rhondda, British Food Con troller, says the food situation for the Allies will be most difficult during, the next two months.	|
¦HHe™
if the air breathed that feeling
of ca-
SHOE POLISHES
ectl

¦UCN.WHm TAN rwmSRCWN OR OK BLOOt SHOES
_PMSEPVEiULEATHER_
AaSM
1SSVE Ne. 14—*18-
I


###PAGE###4###

NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE NALL, SNAWVILLE : '
TARIFF OF TOLLS, Etc, to be charged by The Upper Ottawa Improvement Company, Limited, for use of their works during 1918.
THE EQUITY.
I wish to inform thv people of this district that I have secured the agency for the
Renfrew Machinery Company, Ltd.,
Manufacturers of and dealers In the following lines :
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 11, 1918.
O
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304, meet» 2nd Wednesday of each month at tip. m.
K.	S. II. Workman, W. E. N. Honor*»
W. M.	Itec.-Secy.
L.	O. L. No. 27. meets 1st Tuesday of each
11 Kit H IIOIWIINW
W.M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets ou the 14th of each month.
H. N. Hoihuns,
W. Umop. Ui Com
TOLLS
Metlriv Martin is again mayor of Montreal despite all that could Im> mua-nxl in supvort <»f a very strongly held pinion that Ida proper place just now
in t hi ieipal junk pile. Biitkfll
1 of the right dope k, cp him in the foreground. The
avtvr of Montreal's civic manage-t does not, however, seem to keeping pace with its ever increasing jortunce in other respects, if Martin’s jction re fleet * the true sentiment of its
Per 1,000 ft. B. M. ..... Mi cents
On saw logs, 17 fvvt ami nmlvi
Through Quinze Boom ....
4t	lies Joachims Boo
44	Fort William Booi
44	Culbute Boom ..
“ Melons Chenu il Boom.........
Passing Lapasse Boom ..........
Through Uuyon Boom................
4‘	Thomson Bay Boom.......
4	Chaudière Assorting	Boom	.
" Booms from Head of Des» hene^ Rapid* (North Side)
to Head of Hull Slide.........................
4 Boom at Outlet of Hull Slide.......................
4
!

*


Cream Separators Truck Scales Household Scales Cas and Kerosene Engines Happy Farmer Tractors Power Drag Saws Crain Grinders Saw Frames Friction Clutch Pulleys
IL
It KO. ÎÎODfilNH,
Secy.
l
4
Med
I
t
l i
13
hut
l
131
Rko. HonoiN* Com. Scribe.
f]

HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
12
>
f
4
The Tolls ou timber, other than snw-logs 17 let t and under, passing the foregoing Booms will be :
Bed and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock. wpmre or waney iKxml, l>vr 1,000 cubic feet. 15 saw-log rates.
Bed ami white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, round or Halt id, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, pet 1,000 feet B M„ 1 j saw log rates.
Bed and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet IV M„ 1J saw-log rates.
t on Is of wood, shingle bolts and other lumber, per von l of I2M cubic feet, 2 saw-log rates.
Towtxu, Dkivim; am» SwmiM. I\rr\ r Bxrr.s.
On saw-logs, 17 feet and under—
ï
ts from the Western war zone iy that the enemy has not made any nportant gains for several days. At nne points he has succeeded in making iglit advances at heavy cost, while at ts he lias lost ground. The h uti.v has held its section of the
t, and has done so, it is ated, without drawing to any appro-able extent ujxm the reserve, which is ing held till the chief in command de des when to make the counter stroke liicli i> vxpcetetl. A strong feeling of
vails in Paria, not with nding the \ isit almost daily of a few •11s from Fritz long range gun. This oigur* well.
Monday ' despatches state that the Puns are preparing for another big » rust at some new (mint on the front, vhich the Allies are prepared to meet. The tii -t offensive, it is claimed, has ex ilisted its fury and completely failed n its object.
First Tuesday Second Wednesday
Kvi
Austin
1
tuw
MADE IN CANADA
Elmside Clarendon • Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday
First Thursday,
»
I
«
1
1
Bristol, -Starks Corners, Second Thurs
First Friday,
Governor Pulleys Pump Jacks Hangers Bearings
Wood Pulleys Belting, etc
nnil am in a position to fill all orders for same.
YOUR PATRONAGE EARNESTLY SOLICITED
I
I Vi* 1,000 ft. It. M.
luacliim Boom #2.71
................. 2.67
.............. 2.86
.............. 2.16
.............. 1.01
i
Wyman, •
Shawville • First Saturday,
of each month.
I 'rum White Kiwi, Quinze anal ( >ttvr Creek !<> 1 >e>
“ Walri* Hiver to Dt> Joachims Boom.........
44 Fort Teniisvamingue to Des Joachims Boom 4* Montreal Itivcr to Des Joachims IV mm..
44	Kippewa River	to	4*
44	Openucan to	“	11
4*	Head of Ivmg Sault to 44	“	..
44	Jocko Creek to	"
4‘	Snake Creek to	“
44	Mattawa to	'	"
Klook’a to
4‘	Magni.ssippi to	“	*	........
“ He\d of Rocher Capitaine to Des Joachims Boom “ Dumoine to Des Joac hims Boa an.................
H. E. MITCHEM - Agent
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
tit!
I>i
1 .in
Op)>osite W. A (lodging'» Shawville P. S Agent for 4 The Famous Seeley Pumps
—FOR—
Shawville and District
TO SELL FOR
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
—o—
Splendid list of stock for Fall Planting. 1917. and Spring Planting. 1918. including many new varletlp* which we alone control.
so
08
?
(il
4*
«
tl
M
21»
vutnea poems. TDe subject Id tbs longing of yie dead bride-mother for her babe and her return for It:
10
»**»**+**+*»**<
The Towing. Driving find Sweeping Expense Hates on timber other than saw-logs IT feet and under, on the foregoing Stretches will be
Bed and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, square or wanev board, fier 1,(XX) cubic feet. 15 saw log rates.
Red and white pine, taiuarac, .spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1.000 feet 1». M., 1 j saw-log rates livd and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,(kk» feet B M , IA saw-log rates.
Cords of wood, shingle Indts ami other lumber, per coni of 12* cubic feet, 2 saw-log rates.
Wilfred Campbell the Lake Poet
1 ne"br*istim ,0ft t0 my ihrobb[n* Send for new illustrated catalogue; also And .to.. W. b.ck t. my loo,. .... | ^
missions
I htre sometimes wondered If the following held any clue to Campbell's defection from the ministry. | Toronto What was his creed? He has stated U over and over again
The outbreak of violence at Quebec, toned to in last weeks issue, un fort u
mod more serious proper t on* than was expected after the miti-ry took charge of the situation, and as
•	result five people lost their lives, id ipiite a number were injured. That
1 greater number of casualties did not
•	our was no doubt due to the spirit of torbearauev exercised by the troops in ! 'V face of severe provocation. Follow-i x the more serious demonstrations of i V> night <>f the 30th, a number of sus
I-octetl part find the gr .ain released on preliminary invest iga lTon.	Al*»tit one dozen are held for
rrial : but it i< liclivvvd a few of the un ring leader* of the trouble esca;x?d, tlw invariahlv do in such ca-cs. The
STONE and WELLINGTON (Established 1837MH

Ontario
. WILFRED CAMPBELL LL.D , F.R.8.C dian poet, died at his home
D
!
the Cana-
Hheumatism, Sidney, Stomach and ^sthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Curb Lakokly Vann With Vuv Great
Success.
Simplicity 1» truth:
at Ottawa on New Year's .Religion reverence; wisdom but t#
Day. William Wilfred Campbell Those Vread eternal laws which guida was born on June 1st, 1861, at Her- | lin (uuw Kitchener), Ont. His mo- i then was of English descent.
Through his father, he claimed connections by a cadet branch of the "And when from the winter et tbjr I I rheumatism or kidney trouble, family with the House of Argyll and Thlne "ngthFof aunlight call.	this medicine has no equal, and it in
so with the Marquis of Lome, Gov- Waken me unto my highest, my bast, highly recommended for indigestion, ernor-Geueral of Canada from 1878 Or waken roe not at all:"	dysjiep.sia, biliousness,sick or sour atom*
to 1883. with Thomas Campbell, the However, Campbell's most impor- evh, headache, bitter tasty in mouth, Iohh
Scottish poet, and with Henry Field- tant mission, as be conceived It, of appetite aod asthiua. If you have â
the Imperial rather than the | *omwk orMlugpsh kidneys, two to l?e
doses will remove the trouble.
A. J Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : 44 1 had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. I used two lot ties of your Victory Rheumatic ami Kidney Cure, and l am free from nil pain and stiffness .
V. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 6, Renfrew,
And the Moud vf the mightiest race I writes : 11 l was troubled with rbeumft-
To uiuodifSH water turn»."	( tism for over fifteen years, and at times
nimble to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me.
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St.,
Boom Working xnu Driving Kacknsk R\re>
Fvr 1,000 ft. It. M ... GO cents.
On saw-logs, 17 foot and under
Through Quinze Boom...............
u Des Joachims Room, including sweeping Deep River 12	4
4* Fort William Room Culbute Boom
64 Melons Chennil Boom, including sweeping in i’ou-
hmgv Like......................... .......
44 Reid Island Rnom and Chenaux Boom, including sweeping in Rocher Fendu Oienail and Chats
Lake........................................
4‘ Uuyon Boom, including sweeping in Desehone Lake 80
“ Thomson Bay Boom.................................. 24
“ Chaudière Assorting Boom..........................
" Booms from Head of Deschenes Rapids (North Side) to Head of Hull Slide........................
the world
‘To every common hour of Ilfs, In every flame that glows,
In every breath of being rife With aspiration or of strife Man feel»
’
(
G7
• #
v\
more than he knows."
IV
i
*> were taken into custody, iter numtiev of these were

81

was emotional
ing, the English novelist. He thus
came honestly by dis Imagination and his desire for literary expression. His boyhood was spent in Wiartun, Ont., on Georgian Bay. His lower school education was private. Upper Canada College, Toronto, claims him as one of her old boys, and Trinity College saw his introduction to the work for Anglican orders. Wilfred was chosen to follow the footsteps of his father, but he does not seem to have been particularly adapted for that path. There are rumors that he left the University without his degree. He completed his clerical education at Cambridge, Mass., where he probably came in touch with the poet Lowell. He was ordained in 1885 and carried on parish work in New England until 1888 and then at St. Stephen, N.B., until 1891. when he retired to devote his time to poetry and the Federal Civil Service. At Ottawa, he was connected with the Archives Department, where he had ample opportunity to develop his love for the historic and the tragic. For the past few years the poet lived on a small farm, Kllmorie, In the suburbs of Ottawa. He rests with Lampman at Beechwood—
"where, by wood and croft,
The wintry silence folds In fleecy blur About his silence, while in glooms aloft
The mighty forest father#, without ^ ffia	|
Guard well the rest of him
26
Here is the essence of bis ideal
72
"This mighty dream of the race!
When. O when, will It die?
When the magic of being burns from the blood.
When the violet fade* from the sky. When the mother turn* from her child. When the son his father spurns;
yiie Boom Working and Driving Expense It at os on timber other than saw-logs, 17 feet and tiudvr, passing the foregoing Booms will be .—
4

mluvt of the mayor of Quoin held to lie
hoti

iv vity poli blame for the dial urban
l tl
Rod and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, si pm re or waney Lulit!
per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 saw-lug rates, lied and white pine, tamarae, sprint1 and hemlock, round or flatted, over 1* feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet R. M., 1] saw-lug rates.
Red and white pine, tamarae, s| and upwards in length, per Cords of wood, shingle bolts an
2 saw lug rate
largely t
Had they acted \\it! a fiini hand .it tin
outset, the calling in of military aid would have been unnecessary, and the district registrar’s office, where the Military Service Act records wore on file, might have escaped damage, although it seems evident the mob was deter mined on the destruction of those records as a means of paralyzing atone stroke the efforts of those entrusted with the enforcement of the M. S. Act in Quebec district, where its operation thus far has lieen productive of % cry >« ant results.
•e and hemhak, round or flatted, 30 feet hh) feet B. M., 1A saw-log rates.
U her lumtk-r, i >er cord of 12* cubic feet.
Of bis tragedies little can be said in so brief space. Beyond a doubt,
Campbell has used Shakespeare as	¦	¦	¦
his model, especially in his use of Rentrew, writes : “ 1 was troubled for the lyrics of Dagonet, the fool, to years with indigestion and tried all kinds lighten the tragedy of Mord red. The | of medicine. Two bottles of your Vient bjecti are not original unless tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure com •Morning" was purely lictioual. pfetelv cured me. '
¦Mordred," formed about the Arth- Mr i>. M Robertson, Renfrew
E3FB-HFE":; r- -f:--
io means adapted for dramatic pre- fomth <h*s« s nf > our n ientation.	Sufferers should secure a supply of
Of his "War Lyrics," very few this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-lave reached the standard of his ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que; Courtier work. The most picturesque longe Supply O., Fort Cou longe, Que.; >erhaps is "Blood Drops of Heroes." J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Otta-
—.————	| wa : "i direct from the manufacture*!,
W. F. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont. Price 76c. per bottle. In remitting Dev. 6 drew the following comment Ifar mail orders, add sufficient to cover from the Kolnishche Zeitung, some-|	i^« .
times the inspired organ of the German Government:
" Not without emotion can one I District of Routine
No. 22. w”
Towing Rates.
On saw-logs, 17 feet and under—
From Dvn Joachims Boom to Fort William Boom .
Scliyan to Fort William..................
44 Fort William Boom to Pembroke............
“	lVtewawa to Culbute......................
“	Rctvwawa to Pembroke......................
4* Melons Cbenail Boom to Lapasse...........
44 Chenaux Boom to Braeside.................
44 Chenaux Boom to Arnprior or Chats Rapids
44 Madawaska to Chats Rapids...............
“ Quio Boom and Mohr Island Boom to Aylmer or Des
chcnes Rapids.................................
“ Quio Boom to Mohr Island Boom......................
Per 1,000 ft. B. M
....	44 cents.
29
60
30
Co
6
14
21 >
0
Avoid Overcrowding in Rearing Chicks.	|
There is always a danger <>t attempting to raise too many chicks together.
As far n.< practical results are concerned, the smaller the flock the better. One reason why a hen with ten or fifteen chickens usually raises most of them is that the chicks are never overcrowded. Every chick has a chance to do well. Where chicks are raised with brooders it is a good plan not to brood more than 50 or 60 together. Of course, where several hundred chicks are raised each year, this may not l#e practicable, but at the same time it cannot lie denied that the smaller the flock of chicks the more thrifty will they grow and the earlier will they mature. Consequently where only a few hundred chicks ait being raised they should lie brooded in as small flock* as the labor and feeding problem will allow. Above all never overcrowd chicks for overcrowding ii ne of the most expensixe mistakes in chick-raising.—M. A. Ji ll, of Macdon- __ aid College staff.	,	I
15
$
(îloatiof Over Halifax
The Towing Rates on timber other than saw-logs, 17 feet and under, on the foregoing #tretches will be
The catastrophe at Halifax on
Red and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, square or waney boanl l»er 1,000 cubic feet, 15 saw-log rates.
Red and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet B. M, Ij saw-log rates.
Red and white pine, tamarae, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, |>er 1.000 feet B M., là saw-log rates.
Cords of wood, shingle Volts and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic feet, 2 saw-log rates.
Towing |>er hour, where there is no s|»ccified rate per 1,000 feet B. M.
Province of Qnebet
I
note the news of the devastation of the hard-hit Canadian town. And yet Is it not better that these munitions should not have reached the theatre of war and the trenches, there to be used against our people in its hard struggle for freedom and independence—our people which did not seek the war, and also did not produce these munitions, which have now struck those who wanted to trouble us with them?
"From the point of view of humanity the event la regrettable, but we hope that the effect will be salutary, since an irrefutable object lesson will thus bring the terrors of the war home to a place where people felt themselves comfortably secure, far as they are from the guns. Canada is getting war experience at the front and also at Halifax. Vie hope that its lesson may open the eyes of the warlike section of the people to the fact that humanity—even Canadian humanity—has higher ideals to defend than those represented by Wilson, I.loyd George, and other business politicians."
London newspapers note that the Germans take a special interest in Halifax owing to the examination there of Germans repatriated from the I'nited States. Dr. George Bar-thelme, the former Washington correspondent of the Kolnische Zeitung, who was deported by the American Government late in November, has Just reached Copenhagen. After referring to the inspection of hia Their prisoned deathllness under the party at Halifax. Dr Bartbelme regold of her beam."	marked:	u
When Campbell published his first poem I do not know, but one authority states that he wrote first for a village newspaper Lake Lyrics,"
Summary PfeocftM'ftX, District Magist*ates’ Court
AT QlYON.
FREDERICK S. WILSON & JAMES H. WILSON, both of the City of Ottawa, in the Province of Ontario, merchant*, there doing business as such in partnership, under the name, .style and firm of 4 M J. Wilson à Sons"
His first vol-was issued la
ume,
1889
"Lake Lyrics" was succeeded la 1893 by "The Dread Voyage" and that in 1899 by "Beyond the Hills of Dream." All three were finally superseded by the "Collected Poems" in 1906. This edition contains practically all hia earlier verse of value except his tragedies which were published in one volume In 1908. ta 1914 and 1915 two very slight volumes, "The Sagas of Vaster Britain" and War Lyrics" were added.
Campbell's mastery of word musle and word-power might be Illustrated by numberless quotations. One or two must suffice:
Per Hour. $15.00
Alexandra and Lady Minto........................
E. 11. Bronson, C B. Powell, Hamilton, Hiram
Robinson, (I. B. (ireene and Alex. Fraser....
Pembroke........................................
M earners Steamers
11.00
9.00
7.00
6.00 5.00 4.50
Plaintiffs
Steamer
Steamer : -Wabis...	............
Steamer* :—Pollux and Castor and Alert
Q. B. Pat tie II..........
Beaver and Muskrat........
Hercules, Sampson and Mink
vs
H. N. BOLAND, of the Village of Qnyon, in the County of Pontiac,
Defendant
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
Quyon, 12th March, 1918.
W. H. MEREDITH,
Clerk of said Court.
• •
steamer
Steamers
Steamers
•2.50
DOG TAX NOTICE
No. 3, Clarendon
Walls of green where the wind and , ¦„ «	the sunlight stir.
.Notice IS hereby given to all Rippling windows of light where the
Sîc&ltxtï - -EaT'""K'  .................- -
taxes Oil same are IlOW (lue, and Out to the haze-rimmed, purpled edge must be imid to the undersign» <1 I of the world before May 1st, next.— dog- 91.00, hitches $4.00 each.
District Schools
Province «4 Onebec, |
District of Pontiac. \ Superior Col'it.
No. 1000. J
DAISY OSBOURN, of the Township of Onslow, in the County of Pontiac and Province of Quebec, widow of the late R. Howard Edey, in his lifetime of the same place, laborer, personally and in her capacity of tutrix to her minor children, Eleanor Edith Edey and Charlotte Haael Edey,
Plaintiff,
Grade VI - Eliza Baker, G lady* Hor Willie McCagg, Teason McCagg.
Grade V. Ida Elliott, Herbie Fraser No. 8 Clarendon.	I Kenneth McCagg, Annie Olinstead
Grade VII—Annie Somerville, Jean I Manson McCagg, Cordelia Elliott, Hen t ameron, Kenneth Smilev Grade VI Pi l ie. May Veeda Horner
Grade V—John Wallace, Arthur Me i mire, Gladys Robitaille, Florence Hoi
EvsTKB Exams
ner
M
And this from "Winter
ry Mitchell, George Thompson.
Grade IV.— John J. Baker, Beatrice Wesley Pi rie, I Fraser, Carroll Horner, Robbie Thompson, Violet Johnston.
"Morning shrinks closer to night end nebulous noon
a dull lanthorn winding snows;
And like m pale beech leaf fluttering upward, the moon
Out of the short day wakens and blossoms and grows
And build* her wan beauty like as the ghoet of a rose
Over the soundless silences, shrunken. that dream
Wallace, Edit!
— Harry Somerville
E. T. HODGINS
Sec.-Trens. Hangs
over the
Grade III—Alma Park, Sadie Me Cagg.
Grade II—Muriel Lewis.
Grade I, Part 2—Claude Horner, Clif Olmstead, Ivan Lewis.
FOR SALE
ner
vs
1 stack of Clover Hay, „
I span Horses, about 2800 lbt., young and sound;	' *	|8
Holstein Bull, (reg.) rising 2 yeai
50 White Leghorn Hens,	[ From the reflective strain of lb#
1 McCormick Seeder, (14 diac) a» Above. It is but a short step to the good as new; also a quantity ofgood po€aw oi.f11!.08 *n<*^8ut>tte inaagin-seed imtatoe*. HUGH BROWNLEE. •V0®	°e *
R. R No. 1. Shawville.	I**13 a,0,t fam>°e
Oracle IV— El wood Cameron, Mary Wallace, Campbell Robitaille, Myrtle Siuierville, Adeline Somerville.
Orade III-Donald Cameron, Her* liert Robitaille.
I
Cameron, Ltila Connelly, equal ; Ernest McGuire.
CLEMENT A. FOSTER, Mine Owner, of the Township of Onslow, in the district of Pontiac,
The defendant U ordered to appear within one month. 1 §	\ » r
Bryson, March 98th, 1918.
ALPHONSE MARTINEAU,
X
endant
Grade I, Part I — Eclmrdt Gagain, El-wood Gagain,
Prize for Arithmetic—John J. Baker. Prize for least lesson* missed and good conduct—Gladys Horner.
Euph kmi a Cook.
1
d the dangerous neighborhood behm-i us. and breathed again with relief; our fears hare since been thoroughly well jae-by the Halifax catastrophe."
At last

Err. ic T el ford, X orma 11
and
K A. .Stephens, Teacher
v h. a
F

###PAGE###5###


WOOD'S VALUE AH FUEL.
THE EQUITY,
1
Heel Value Depend» on Amount of
Moisture Present.
Persons who plan to relieve the toal shortage this winter by burning wood can figure, roughly speaking, that two pounds of seasoned wood have a fuel value equal to one pound of coal, according to experts. While different kinds of wood have different fuel values, the foresters say that In general the greater the dry weight of a non-reslnous wood the more heat it will give out when burned.
For such species as hickory, oak, beech, birch, hard maple, ash, locust, long-leaf pine or cherry, which have comparatively high fuel values, one cord, weighing about 4,000 pounds, is required to equal one ton of coal.
Weight for weight, however, there is very little difference between various species, twice as ouch beat as wood, so that resinous woods have a greater heat value per pound than non-reslnous woods.
The available heat value of a cord of wood depends also on the amount of moisture present. When the wood Is green part of the heat which It Is capable of yielding is taken up In evaporating the water. The greater the amount of water in the wood the more heat is lost.
Where wood is to be burned in a stove" or furnace intended for coal It will be found desirable, the foresters say, to cover the grate partly with sheet Iron or firebrick to reduce the draft. If this is not done the wood Is wasted by being consumed too fast, and makes a very hot fire, which, in a furnace, may damage the fire box.
It is pointed out, however, that heat value Is not the only test of usefulness in fuel wood, and since ninety five per cent, of all wood used for fuel is consumed for domestic purposes, largely in farm houses, such factors as rapidity of burning and ease of lighting are Important.
Each section of Canada has Its favored woods, and these are said to be, in general, the right ones to use. Hickory, of the non-reslnous woods, has the highest fuel value per unit volume of wood, and has other advantages. It burns evenly and, as housewives say, holds the heat. The oak comes next followed by beech, birch, and maple. The white pines have a relatively low beat value per unit of volume, but have other advantages. They ignite readily and give out a quick, hot flame, but one that soon dies down, them favorites with rural housekeep ers as a summer wood, because they are particularly adapted for hot days in the kitchen, true of gray birch or white birch," as it is often called in the regions In which It abounds.
Tliit i.i tlie store that tan supply you with your requirements in
Staves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
f Weekly Journal devoted te Leoa Iqtemte.
PablUhed every Ikinee |
4 t Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
ELEPHANT PAINT
All kinds of Eavetrougliing and Pipe Fitting
Give u* a rail
iflcniPTtON, $1 a Ykar iif Advance.
aT All arrears must be paid up before my paper is discontinued.
#r
Satisfactorily clone.
Order you Sap Packets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
ADVERTISING RATES.
I.wRiU mWerUilng, 10cent* per Une for 1st imertlon and S cent* per line or each *ul> sequent Insertion
Mutine** cards not exceeding one Inch •inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcement» Inserted at th« rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion ii fi 'I 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month tor longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instruction* accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry I : Ined.
What Elephant Paint means to the woman who loves her
home.
To her Elephant Paint means Brightness, Cleanliness and Good Cheer.
G". W• DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Resin affords about
1.,

Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
Whether its the outside of the house to be painted, or the kitchen floor and walls, or the hardwood floors to be varnished, or the woodwork or the furniture to be stained, she knows that she will find in Elephant Paint exactly what she wants and The Best.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing.
-cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Professional Cards.

DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbell# Bat - • Qük.
«Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
.Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
.Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
COLORITE
Ottawa -Montreal via Short Line :
a. in
“ 3.30, p. m.
Colors old and new Straw Hats.
The magic liquid that makes last year’s straw hat look like new. If your hat is old and soiled don’t throw it away. Make it as good as new and any color you like. Waterproof and durable, dries in 30 minutes.
Lv (B) Ottawa (’entrai 9.! 5,
Lt (1$)
( hr\ Maniwaki :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.40,
u
S. A. MACKAY
p m.
Lv Ottawa Bn d <f. ft.25. .<. m.
on Tuesday, Thursday,
and Saturday only.
Shawviu.e - Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.25, a. in.
< >ttawa—Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. A. 55,
Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10 50, p. m. ( )ttawa - Winnipeg— Vancouver :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St. 205, a. in.
Ott v wa—Pkmbp.okk :
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
a. in.

A. j. McDonald b. c. l.
ADVOCATE, lAIMSTtl, *e.
CAMPBELLS BAT, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday ef each wee\.
*
This makes
(
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. m.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. m. on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday only.
G. F. HODGINS GO. LTD.
The same is \
(A) Daily.
(Pi) Daily except Sunday.
For further particulars apply to
( A. L. TUCK EH, Agent, Shawville.
(C) Daily except Monday
OTK :
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Lost in Transit.
Aivooati, BA**idT«*. I FRUIT TREES aqd PLANTS
FOR SPglNC PLANTING.

Between April and December of
the sum of £13,333 had to be written off the books of
We need no further introduction than ada was drawn closer in the bonds the railways of India for material, the fact that we have been in th* Nur- of the British Umpire. and therefore rolling-stock, etc., supplied to Meso-
8M7nouS>l<>'	became mon	not be tracté.
¦ E'SferSsjrt." iM	SKi.	XAnoiML .a. Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted)
¦£;; *.......,	.... Highest Market Prices Paid.
™ I have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially
wub.'. For.	•77 J1" "’'^|?7S"5bteÎHEHs go"*""'-	wüi.M T«M	for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned
'	..... '	'"'“'felî&ïîsr-	S: I. ”u,,.,r.‘.d‘.7,rrd,..!“i	while you wait, at 10c. per cwt. for coarse grains
....1 t’,r.ïï'“ at ,t ï;;k	Never in the his,orr <* c°""tr.v »•« ¦= ¦»»« «emi-
.	„	,	Isles, to become part of the United	creation, has proved itself in grim- sary to SOW good Seed and to SOW Oîlly that which will <*l*OW.
ADVOCAHü, SOLICITORS, Ec.	|-/¦in’ER THF W4R.	States, or to achieve independence,	raer and ghastlier conflict. The great
IQI MAIN ST HULL	'	On the latter point he wastes good test has found the healthy body, the	Get VOUr 866(1 ready before thô TUSh. YOU
*i	-	valuable white paper by talking	clear eye. the steady nerve, the rapid	. .	_	,	.	_	, ,
Will attend Courts and Business In the An American Discusses the Stains of	g bout an independent Canada,	decision, the amenability to dlscip-	Will 116 6u 6V6ry HOUr 111 S66d	tlD16«
District of Pontiac,	This Country.	whose	would be giu	ready	the
To Canada is devoted	a special	anteed by a combination of Europ-	sterner tasks to which they have re-
«tide in . series now	running In	neTer hZ	’Tut message of Hon W. M Mar-
The .ncw îork lime* mu» r the gen- come a neuter nation. We think the tin. Premier of Saskatchewan, in his oral	beading, "America After	the	achievements of this country iu the	address to the Y. M. C. A. at Regina,
War/' and seeing that the author	Is	war should have made It impossible	published on the sporting page of
ALL kinds or	"An American Jurist M it Is natural for an American to suppose that The Toronto Globe recently, is one
,,,s5k,ïï"êS5,s4.s&‘iïxs <***	.-«-M»....„’.i*s£i	srss
Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ac.	bloodlesaly. The writer sees in the tested.	M. lie life of the nation. He appealed
possible future developments in tbls	- for the encouragement of all leglti-
country a menace to the United	& Record for Service	mate forms of clean and healthy ath-
HnflHKMRH, .....
...	K SUtM. It U here that he makes *	and wlth ,wo ,,,ld whose citlteng ere trained In such a of thisdistfict. Prices are SUCh that it Will be to intending
Emb.lm.r and Fun.,.I 0,rector I	" “"°< “ “ “*	purchasers' i merest to consult me before placing their order
narirs: Lr.j.iirHA.sr.r..,*:? ,!¦ - sar asarr was	N«twng.»<, iarge-nothiug t0o .m.u.
—................-##'#==ilSSSs
?hee“conlue,'^oMhf.°* DUcl°üf Th'w^log of the Saskatchewan
nttlin/^l^'aJ/.o/flTd" wUh 5Ï» per4urdpr1of,«7o=.1H.ymte?o Th»S Wt>ather >’UU wil1 find T0U Wl11 fiud )OUl Winter Coat the maimed and wounded. Loreto	' .uo^hèèdêd ‘itu to° '^avy. We anticipated your requirements by
Mlev^fheY^hs German 2on% at "ot desirable to reduce sport to a	Stocking 801110 nice Spring C-OatS in gFCVS and blacks.
—..................-
of athletes, both amateur and professional. that they have not hesitated, In the time of their country's stress, to be among the first to give their service and make their sacrifice.
All honor to them. May their example inspire the lads who follow thorn on the fields of athletic endeavor, Tor clean and virile manhood , can do splendid service to the State 1 in peace as well as in
the writer says that the United States could not afford to look on un-J the year 1916 moved If as a resut of the war Can
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
196 Main St. • Hull.
PHONKBILL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B
ADVOCATE
¦ ASRI3TE* A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
.Deris St. Maiie & Dscies
WM. HODGINS.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION A PROVINCIAL UNO SURVEYOR
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
^urve
Executed oaeolulljr tp the notlofao-
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
M2 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Menu-
GEORGE HYNES
il
ments ever placed before the public
Main Street,Shawville.
He
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
UNDERTAKING
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
a«< EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
been occasions tn our history when this country might have become part of the United States, with no objection raised by Great Britain, and with the good-will of the majority of Canadians, had It not been for the Indifference or even hostility of American statesmen to the scheme.
He says that far-sighted American public men considered the grave danger of Canada as part of the American Union adopting one of the two political parties there as the Canadian party. If the provinces of Canada, as states In the union, declared
for the Democrats they would un-	.,	.
doubtedly put the Republicans out of ;nd	,uns: arve unab,le to1
business, and similarly would de- irive the Germans hack as far as
etroy Democratic hopes of success if "ou,d otherwise prove por i ' «a i
SS4 University SU Montréal.
SPRING OVRCOATS
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H.Shaw'ft
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
#>
J. L. HODGÎNS
Our Ready-to-wear Clothing
is especially attractive to the man who wants to he well dressed.
AOKNT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repaire
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
We build Suits to fit.
Y SEC
MURRAY BROS

SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
war.-

I
###PAGE###6###
Articles Wanted for Cash
teçsapîaasüiMLllPSi
!	js-îss;.'
!***
was taken back to the rear, one of the iblo comrades.	traceries are so lacking in conti asts
saddest of casualties in a war of in-	< lo be contmued.	_ that in the developing bath the pinte
"Z -"'T" -	”•
microscopic dots, clear, transparent determine._
areas and faint patches like breath on a mirror—must be coaxed forth and yet not overdeveloped. Nor is printing the plates easy. Bromide enlargements have to be made very rapidly, for all of them, labelled and numbered’ hour1 àneMhe plate', aTe^owd tad* >.our.,	th*	th*
law-
within, if not abflfcul- -then’s the time his room singing and swinging his you resolve firmly, and let us hope waist around by one button prayerfully, to make a better job of it And the baby cried, to-morrow. That’s when you admit And the furnace hre was ou , that you’re a scolder and a nagger, And the milk was ro/.cn, and that it’s all your fault when And the pan-cakes had refused to
tte «2 SS5Z”&it' AÏfw *•»
you promise yourself fervently not to meal, and it was wheatlea sday and I scold the children again, ever, no mat- had to make corn mea muffins, M-ter what they do. And not to say, cause they wouldn t eat the cakes and “Don’t." And to keep a cheery tone the coffee didn t percolate long en gh . in your voice and not to “yelp" when and I was too cross to put It back on P think, father spills the gravy on the brand again, and husband was too tired to
to feel talk, and I dropped a spoon and broke
THE RECORDING EYB.
014 Jewelleryi Pistei direr» Omiteei «slelmreei Piet «reel Wee <ne work i Old Oh IBS I Ont Oise# l
Development end Printing of Military Aerial Photographe.
The
TeMe W i by Emp HrXXWd, Limited
Dominion of Canada
5%% Gold Bonds
Write or send
» T. ja ANTIQUE OALLBH1ES
0t and #0 Conor* Street, Toronto. Ont.
men

sand feet above the ground, A road looks white; canals, rivers, lakes are black ; upstanding objects—trees, tele- j graph poles, towers—look flat, but their shadows betray them ; they can not be camouflaged. Trodden ground —a path, for example—appears light-4 er than its surroundings. Every little detail means something that only the
PRICE : 987/« and Interest
Duc : 1st December, 1922, to Yield 5.77% 1st December, 1927, to Yield 5.65% 1st December. 1937, to Yield 5 60%
J

can
mm
Interest payable I st June and December Bearer or Registered Bonds.
2
\ '
\


Bonemeal, a handful per square yard, wig improve weak lawns.
Every pound of poultry .produce raised in Canada this year will release « pound of beef or bacon overseas.
•T noticed you got up and gave that
>T \
Denominations: $50, $100, $500 and $1,000
f
i
Thtit bonds art free from the Dominion Incv» r Tax. and may be used as equivalent of cash ai IOC and interest in payment for future Dominion of Canada bonds of like maturity, or longer, other than issues made abroad.
More complete information gladly furnished on request
an
Dominion Securities
COR P ORATION LIMITED
)
t£urvn/fr
fertilizer
Shur-Gdin
TORONTO 2a kino st. e.
head orrica
LONDON. ENG
MONTREAL
OB
ÏTCHENEKS
feS
Leave It to Parker
J
1
'T'HE postman and expressman will bring I Parker service right to your home. We pay carriage one way send—whether it be household draperies or the most delicate fabrics—will be speedily returned to their original freshness. When you think of
Cleaning or Dyeing
' think of PARKER’S.
M
»
Whatever you
It
Lr'
1
iffy'Jas. Norman Hall,
CHAPTER X.—(ContM.)	| anything below me waist
Jamie,*' he said, “ta my pi at ^ n\. UIt *)',un thrr«-.	I clean table cloth. Ami not once
becomes exact in distinguishing the died on the way to the field dressing- thing about “the cold, gray dawn of lions even yet Some days i m g size of shells by the sound which station. Of the seven lads m 106,the morning after,” that chases them to keep them fairly wed. Aik i m g. -they make in travelling through the dugout, three were killed outright,	»	„ j	hereby resolve” ing to keep right on making them, and
air; and it is possible to judge the three died within half an hour, and	evening of mv life But the breaking them, until the breakages
su’SjS's .si K	....	****•**•» —,o
sr» j&rzi:h.a h*.-JS;..U...”:zVm/iî,
sfitî', 5 a;	»,
We dropped to the floor of the trench	have read of the bombardment which	Got to	get up BnJ clean my teeth	and	and that if the things 1 haxe been
at once. The explosion blackened our	took place that autumn morning	The	brugh	^alrl" Though I vary	the	given to do hadn t been the best way
;r tSïï jSî’ïwsn «iM &%%%%«% gap %%% SS25: szsA-
rSiMia ".™P,"K wtssr az: SvHlT ““
other aim was terribly crushed and	We	demolished some earthworks in	Last night I	resolved	wen	more	that though I rail, 1 snan	oe
one leg was hanging by a tendon and |	the	vicinity of Ilulluvh. Some of	sfrenli0ugly than ever.	But	this	terly cast down.	_
a few shreds of flesh.	: our trenches near Hill 70 were dam-1 ____________
My God, boys! Look wot t Vu \ sged.”	|	Professor Elford of the Poultry
did to me!”	“Damaged!” It was guarded admis C*wvl CnnffAl 1 filTIPf Division of the Experimental Farm in
He kept saying it over and over	sion. Our line was a shambles	of	FUUU	IvUllllU1 VUl llvl	a iecture before the Ottawa Poultry
while we cut the cords from our	joose earth and splintered logs.	At	_ Association told how household waste
Hæ”irH 5 : lEFHHSE s f BFHHEE
healthy lad. A moment before he had immediately after the bombardment, American continent must raise „60,- own backyard he prodined eggs at been telling us what he was going to	we should have had difficulty in hold-	000,000 bushels	more wheat this	year	( cost of 2% cents each, feeding tame
do when we went home on furlough,	ing	the position. But it was only	than in 191V.	waste, as compared to a cost	of 3 fa
Now his face was the color of ashes, what Tommy called “a big ‘ap’orth o’	-.-	cents at the Experimental Varm from
his voice grew weaker and weaker, 'ate.** No attempt was made to fol-	0IK. ;n the Royal Household of hens fed on regular chicken feed.
e. and wei at once Glfeat Britain is allowed to exceed the Table scraps in Canada, he asserted, The 100861 rations. Meat is seldom served at would produce five and a quarter md-
the family table, the King and Queen lion eggs worth over $8,000,000. He rarely eat butter, and bread and jam urged city people to set eggs this often constitute the tea meal.	spring and rear chickens.
in the dugout somew ere a minute.”
A most helpful booklet of suggestions will be mailed on request. <
Parker’s Dye Works, Limited
Cleaners and Dyers
TORONTO
791 YONGE ST,
^ ^	«5 ife
z
For outside or inside work this is the Xw paint that gives \
satisfaction.
-

i
SAFE PAINTPATH TO FOLLOW-
I
r


mi
,A

Insist on Ramsay's Pure Paint, because every gallon le tested for uniformity, elasticity and free flowing qualities.
omiS






ânf
and he died while we were working over him
up the advantag get to work rebuilding
gh explosive shells were burst- earth had to be put Into sandbags, the ill along the line. Great masses parapets mended, the holes, blasted of earth and chalk were blown in on oUt by shells, tilled in. top of men seeking protection where ?he worat 0f % was that we could there was none. The ground rocked not get awav from the sight of the
like so much pasteboard. I heard mangled bodies of our comrades. Mr. Arnold Bennett, the famous
frantic erics for 'Picks and shovels! | Arms and legs stuck out of Ü13 wreck1- English novelist, writes: “We shall; Look at	bargain*
5S5HS	=r.-sr.W£.-Sisk’S®
off duty men were ordered into the never lived through experiences of of the shortage ... the shoitage ^ Bt jMBee *t.. Montreal. F. One. deepest of the shell-proof dugouts, this sort cannot possibly know the is	a	world	shortage	....	French
where they were really quite safe. horror 0f them. It is not in the f00d supply	is down by 40 per cent]
But those English lads were not beat of battle that men lose their rea- jf we (j0 not help France, France col- j
gpiSî MMSm E5S5SS5
fvlJ “g?1 •>’<	'Z1™ n:;V,	Of their comrades torn to piece, ">“•* ,0 h,s fallen ***•	__
llBfillffilSlWËËÈi -
plete’y off, and his body was so terribly I •^n<^ "e had 10 ®P. . fe " e have a smooth surface and he oval
little Charlie Harrison lying dose to 1 m. sh®t ,hr°u*h .th*	^ cesionally
—, Jf?
great heap of earth at the other end Bed f ross along ere in a jiffy now. of the shelter. We quickly uncover-' ’<,ive me a lift, boys, can t you? ed Walter, a lad who had kept us L°ok at my leg. Du you think it 1 laughing at his drollery on many al 'ave to come off . Maybe they could rainy night. The earth had been save it if I could get to ospital in
™K'L‘r':>' ,nd l,e	,,m i i'm. -nirsur sa'Is. .
4 -s'SA-sr^usse rr% "tiÿ-'usir:
K/&.TZ	i ‘it,: ï
I have never seen a tiner, forgot every one bet themselves, and display of pure grit than Walter’s. j it was not strange that they should "Easy now!" he said. “Can't feel Others, with more iron in their na. _-T- — —	- | turns, endured fearful agony m sil-
Durir.g memorable half hours.
low
A. RAMSAY A SON COMPANY
âMââSj or FAINTS AMD VASNISMES SINCE 194Î
MONTKIAL
'

Hi
Llllh8SS66
For Sale by all Dealers.
T
mg a
TYPEWRITERS
AH FVUOB9
Typewriter#
Bob Lodg
QU
^KEEP YOUn^X* STOVE BWGHT ^
Union-Made
Overalls
Shirts &
Gloves y
*z^yV

Black Knight)
STOVE POLISH J
z
F
k

(


r

Easy
m
Will

to

not
tv
use
•'My overalls and
shirts are the best made, because—they save you buying so many in a year.
They simply den'l wear out on schedule	j
time I	/

i
ft
TP there was just one = sno^I WALMRHOÜSE B SAILJ In each town where a
1 |0’My troubles 5 then would S last like that E
Proverbial 5 ball of anew. == = Of which I have no doubt at all 5 5 But you have oft* heard tell. E 5 I mean the one which people say 2 E	Was located down in wetii	—
5 It doe»*’t matter fbout that snow 5
5	ball,	e	5
r	Which could never last,
E Whatint'rests you and me is :: = Having comforts to us passed. E E And I know PEACE and JOY and B s HAPPINESS	r
B	To me would flow,	E
5 If there was just one WALKER B
E HOUSE	e	E
=	In each town where I go.	=
5 The House of Plenty 5
|	The Walker House |
5	Toronto	=
S Geo. Wright A Co., Proprietors B
ÊiiimimiiiiHinmmiHiimummmuHÎ*
/ Insist on “Bob / Long” brand. f Ask your dealer for Big 11—the big grey overalls —the cloth with the


«
test
NdUg Wttir & mad«
R. G. LONG & CO.
LIMITED
The rest of us
M
1
7)w
ûo7
1
E9

P

%vmi£
LYE
MFONT SOAP @ Zm'
pJigjl
move it

»
FERTILIZER
filled with danger and death, many of my gross misjudgments of character were made clear to me. Men whom
had credited with heroic I qualities revealed them. Others fail-
I I • • I • I

Iim
Netting better am be
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS. LIMITED WEST TORONTO
no one
CANADA
###PAGE###7###
Z
s g
V
D-U
nd
»
r
/
/
• *
v
Z
By Agronomist
This Department le for the wee #f our form readers whs went the c *?	on any question regarding roll, rood erope, ate. If your quettisg
1. of •«mêlant general Interest It will be answered through this eolumn. If ¦tamped and addressed envelero le enelsesd with your letter, a eompletd fnewer will be mailed to you. Audreee Agronomist ears of Wilson Publishing Co* tlâ, 71 Adelaide ItW, Toronto.
#
/
Ilk'
»
I
n ,
/
?
TT^OOD production—that U ll the big cry for 1918.
Everyone must produce as much as possible—which means every available square yard under cultivation, and the widespread use of Rennie's seeds.
BEANS—Rennie’s Stringless
Green Pod.........
BEET—Rennie’s Spinach Beet CABBAGE—Rennie's World beater .10 CARROT—Rennie's Market Garden .10 CORN—Rennie's Gulden Bantam.. .10
CUCUMBER—White Wonder........10
LETTUCE—Rennie’s Selected
Nonpareil...........
MUSKMELON—Delicious Gold
Lined ..............
PARSLEY—Champion Moss Curled .05
PEAS—Little Marvel.......
Improved Stratagem . . RADISH —Cooper's Sparkler ..
TOMATO—Bonny Best........
Early Detroit ....
TU RNIP—Golden Ball(UrangeJelly).06
Pasture For Hogs.
The feed situation confronting the •wlne-growor during tha coming summer is not altogether • bright one.
Standard hog-feeds are not likely to b« plentiful, with high prices ruling.
Shorts and middlings, while fixed as to price show no likelihood of a surplus. Corn, for some months practically unprocurable and in any case too high in price to be considered, may be available, but whether in reliably constant quantities remains # to be seen. Barley will be high priced also and difficultly available in many localities. Oats, under ruling and probable future prices, should be used only for the milking sow and for weaned and growing pigs. Only fn small quantities should this feed enter into the fattening ration. It has|
been shown that with breeding stock, | mentioned should be followed by rape whether during winter or summer ao<!^e^ **rly in June, preferably in maintenance, cheap home grown feeds	27 inches apart,
may be largely utilised as an economy At Lacombe the results of the use and that from such feeding practice of self-feeders versus hand-feeding best results may be obtained in health on pasture, while not sufficiently and production. It has been, further, verified by repeated experiment, would clearly demonstrated that home-grown In<*icate that where hogs are fed to feeds for summer feeding may scon- * finish the self-feeding method shows omically replace a considerable per- mo#t economical gains. It has been
centage meal even at pre-war |provtn	is the	IBHHIHHIHHHI
grain used, self-feeding is more Dr. Currier will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. economical than hand feeding. That Question Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; this is also the case where mixed,,f not» ,l W,H be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is en-
""-ii'zL sxrsi: y JKï'Ks&r svasst
8t. West, Toronto.
case of alfalfa. Rape carried 1780.1 pounds of pork per acre as against 1518.9 pounds with alfalfa.
The findings at Lacombe would rant the recommendation of alfalfa for early pasture with a block of rape to supply green food for hogs when they attain considerable else. Where alfalfa may be successfully grown, the swine grower would be well advised in retaining a small block for ¦wine feeding
G/r
LOOK FOR THE STARS
r
Every Item In the Rennie 101S catalogue represent• une\celkd value, but the firms In star borders are simply wonderful.
war-
~>Z.L ,
: w
I
\i lb. lb. 5 lbs.
.18	.55	2.60
1.00	3.00
Fkt
oz.
/
.10
.10	.35


.75	2.25
1.20 3.50
.40
Failing
alfalfa, clover will give almost equal ly good results	!(((¦
legumes available, results at Lacombe indicate that a cereal pasture second only to the legumes, is to be obtained by the use of a heavy seeding (3 bushels per acre) of oats and barley, or wheat, oats and barley.
Any one of the pastures above
.25
.65
I
.30
.90	3.00
.90	2.75
/
I
F
With neither of the
.05
.30
• #
I
1.20	3.50
.75 2.25 .16	.45 2.00
.16	.46 2.00
.65	2.20
.10
.40
!
»
.26
- -•«
»
.10

I
• .
.10
9
.06
.20
.10	.60	1.76
.10	.60	1.76
.26	.76	2.50
Prepaid Not Prepaid lb.	6 lbs.	lb.	o lbs.
Selected.	.36	1.70	.25	1.20
Out in the alley Willie found Two barrels lying on the ground;
The hoops were loose and a stick you see, He broke from a branch of the apple tree.
ONION SETS—Yellow Set
Pkt.
FLOWER SEEDS
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
Lavender Gem Aster.,
Early Blooming Cosmos—Mixed.......................
Giant Yellow Tulip Poppy—California...............
New Red Sunflower............................
Rennie’s XXX Mammoth Flowering Hollyhock—Mixture
Mastodon Pansy—Mixture...............
Rennie's XXX Select Shirley Mixture—Single
g When buying from dealers, Insist on Rennie's. If your # dealer hasn't them, we will ship direct.
.16
.10
.10
25
By Andrew F. Currier, M l)
.20
• • •
.25
.10
prices.
At the Experimental Farm, Brandon, it was shown by experiment dur-
KMI1S1 *mm
been eaten off. Vetches although slow! the ho,e be1ing alIowed access ^both limit of extreme age.	<*<»* °}»™ harm than good,
of growth were readily eaUn andlCr°P8 afc*e 8ame time; vHere °* We generally mean, by the term, °^V10,U8 mechanical obstructions
ture.	I Coneider the sn.tomiea! facts for food alid aleep; exercise out of doors;
i, .	,	. ,	, While much evidence is, therefore, 8 momente There arc two nostrils #„d seek the guidance of a wise and
It might be elated that beyond a hand, to show that alfalfa posaibly or, ,ipace”' narrow *ron*’ milch conservative physician, comparison of these crop. from thejholda first place as a hog-pasture, it	^er and more capacious at the	back,	Uo to a dry cHmato, if can<	for
standpoint of palatabillty, récupéra-1 mU8t be remembered that in many	“d terminating in the pharynx or	tUg wi„ do more to produce a per.
live power, and ability to withstand sections oi Canada t,his crop cannot	throate	manent cure than any amount	of
trampling and pasturing generally, be grown at all, in many others that	Th*/ ar« separated in front	by a	medication.	J
no data was available to show the	cost	it is unreliable in the extreme and	Partition which is cartilage below and
of production	one	crop	against	the	that even under more or less favor-	bone above.
0 er*	able soil and climatic conditions for	On either side, outwardly, arc three
one reason or another it cannot al-	small bones, one above another like I Je A •”
ays be relied upon. For reliability shelves, giving rise to three spaces or and wide cultural possibilities and passages; and there are communicat-from the standpoint of palatability, in* cavities above, behind, and at the producing power and resistance to sides lined with mucous membrane pasturing, red clover should receive containing many bloodvessels and emphasis equal to,v if not greater becoming more or less swollen when than, that given alfalfa.	I the bloodvessels, for any reason, have
In conclusion, high priced grain and *n extra supply of blood, meal for hogs must be replaced, as
If your
# # e #
• • • • •
8
THE
WlLLIvylvi
K INC 6 MARKET S
RENNIE
COMPANY
LIMITED-
TORONTO
disease of the heart, lungs, liver or kidneys.
y s
VANCOUVtR
saliva from the mouth during the Plant spinach very early in Spring sleep? 2. How can it be stopped? with a view to harvesting the crop 3. If the saliva is yellowish in color, before very warm weather arrives, is it an indication of indigestion?
Answer—1. It -is due to the relaxed condition of the tissues—which always occurs during sleep. 2. I do not know of any way to stop it. 3.
It does not necessarily indicate indigestion.
Onions and parsnips can be sown quite early, carrots not quite so soon. Radishes and lettuce, first sowing as soon as the ground is dry enough to work.
only when no other feed was available.

FERTILIZER PAYS
The Last Syllable.
Scottish Sergeant—And noo we'll try the richt tur-rn by numbers, and mi.id that ye don't move till ye hear ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED the final syllable of the wor-rd tur-rn. WEST TORONTO - CANADA
Better than ever. Write for Bulletin
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
1. What causes a flow of
With these pastures crops a selffeeder was used to supply a supple: mental grain ratioç. indicated that no m hand feeding was employed and that economical gains were made at a cost of 6 cents per pound for grain and pasture, employing feed prices then current. The method in general reduced the labor of feeding to the minimum.
Such practice ore than where
CAR
A
sa
The nasal passages also commuai-far as possible, during the coming cate with the eyes, ears, and mouth, summer. Pastures, as discussed, and in the operation of breathing, form a home-grown, paWdhgasily the air normally passes through the available food, that is ha^^^N&rith- anterior and posterior nasal pas-out labor. The self-fee<^^Wflr)ines sages on its way to the lungs, well wit!> pasturing, and for growing In this way the air is filtered, and and finishing hogs is peculiarly impurities it may contain are often worthy of attention during present retained on the nasal mucous mem-labor scarcity.—Experimental Farms brane.
Note
U
At the Experimental Station, Lacombe, where swine feeding enters largely into live stock operations, rape and alfalfa have proven most desirable crops
average of three testa,

/»


*5*


l

As a result of the
shown a slight superiority over alfalfa requiring 3.8 pounds meal fed supplemental^ as against 3.83 pounds in the
M
X

XI

|L
fl
i
X
v
i
If these structures of the nose are faultily put together (from natural
_______________
mmm sm&m iüpü
:### ### ### •mount to more than that furnished to the yard to sample the storm for Passa*e?. and compel mouth breath-by one or two bushels of grain. This themselves They soon decide it is ln£ con.t,nUa l.y, . ,,
Is an expensive and unnecessary plan better to stay in and go back, and are , Sometiraes the inflammation ex-
of feeding. To remedy this I aim contented. But give them free ‘enda 0 th.e act',880ry cav,t'es T to have every chicken house or set of range and they’ll be huddled up in ferred t0’ wblch ,may complicate mat-chicken housea provided with ¦ group, in various places about the ters -er-ously; but this is far less chicken-proof yard so that at critical farmyard, quite miserable, and per- co2!/non tban the minor dl6orders time, during the year all of the chick- haps roo.t out all night. Then down1. Then, ^ mu,c0U8 membrane may
woven wire, using strong fence posts gionally with a little variety—poUto !'h onn£; h7 lmPros8,onf>t and emo’
r-aaaw :	s=
placed around the bottom of the fence thing,, of course, in addition to their : ofpl\nt8/ or by dra?*ht? f 8^ end one on the top Ju.t above the regular ration when running at large. ®*?ta?Ia "aybe 'nhaled and c”!,8e
% E£Er - ““ F sur- « r SSSata-aas
will be the catarrhal disease and the catarrhal discharge, and in chronic From a land physically remote, but catarrh this continues night and day, pvt r spiritually near, has come an sometimes thick, purulent and often-dine nr Jerusalem, the Holy City, In live.
| which grew up the belief in a Kingdom The general health may be dis-of God, has passed again into the turbed by this disease, and there may keeping of those to whom that king- he insomnia, disziness, dulnesa, head-Horn means justice, and mercy, and ache, poor memory, impairment of truth. Let the victory be our Easier smell, sight and hearing, and con-token that those qualities shall tri- «tant discomfort in the throat and umph and shall be no more overcome, larynx.
Alcohol and tobacco make the die-


i
7
ri
j
i
(fPoe^7%
v
v.
/•//
/

\
i
z

¦J
teic #


4?



«
*4* v. sï*
r
flk
VJOKlLp
VrL.
•WSfilIf*
A
Mm
IUÇIN4 •
4
t»Nb- -
o*o**o£ —
(g.ctèn.an
pOR the war against hunger as well as for the war against * the Hun. For every Canadian fighting overseas, at least two on farms at home are serving none the less effectively because they wear neither uniforms nor marks of rank or valour.
summer, the more you’ll need a Gillette Safety Razor, with its clean, comfortable, five-minute shave. And the better you know and like good tools, the more you'll appreciate the simple mechanical perfection that gives the Gillette such a lead over every other razor.
The Gillette Safety Razor is made in several different styles, civilian and military. Choose one of the former for yourself and delight some soldier friend with a new Military Set Your dealer can supply you at $5.00 up.
Long and strenuous days are theirs, without leave or furlough ! a iteady drive through the daylight hours to keep the work abreast of the season, and save the crops so sorely needed to feed our fighting men.
Only those who spend such days can realize how good it feels to have a “wash-up” and a clean Gillette shave at night— or how it fits a man to enjoy the evening's rest or pleasure of the trip to town.
The busier you are going to be this
MUSKRATS WANTED
The more mucous
I will pay highest market prices for Rat#, Ginseng Root and all other raw furs.
SO years of reliable trading
Ait Omen.
N. SILVER
HeavescUREd
Gillette Safety Razor
Co., of Canada, Limited
i
r
f

i
our reason lor soilfng	s
CAPITAL HEAVE REMEDY
A FULL WBBK'S TRIAL
Bt-sssrgjEl | JJgR* ;r. ^ *
I 11 L L I Th* ct»t« wiTpfitMt aoMNiIUi

I
Jk

1
is more digestible when
L2T
Office mnd Factory /
M
On

V,
GILLETTE BLDG., MONTREAL
ami ) si.
t
i-
i<nn
ffMSXVSSS!
i 11
BULL DOC SS.00
STANDARD 0S.O0
310
i ze r
•torching),

###PAGE###8###
INSURANCE
Tb Mill Boil ai Sloe Store
AT TH K LOWEST HATES IN THE OLDEST AND H EST

A
QUALITY
COMPANIES.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Call#r write for Rates and Particular*.
g

mk
<
Cvl
E. PARIS» NSURAMCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Is first, last, and all the time the important consideration in
>


BRHCKRN H I DOE
"Made in Canada”


TENDERS
OUR SHOES
Tender* wil be received by the under signed us»tu April 16th. for the office of Secretary 1 reinsurer of the Bristol Dairy Limited.
Wyman. Qui
See them—it is discovered Wear them - it is experienced.
A Truck for, the Farmer
Ill (ÏH ROSS
President
For Sale
Three Purebred Ayrshire Bulls :
1 2-year old 1 year old 1 Calf
Apply to DAVID MvDOWRLL
SI I MW ville.
tmaRM equipment which will effect a time and labor-X* saving, and therefore a money-saving, must' be carefully considered by every good farmer now-a-days.
The farm wagon, which for years was the most useful of all farm equipment, is now being replaced on the best farms by a sturdy, dependable motor truck, will haul any farm product—fruit, grain, vegetables, stock, fertilizer, or wood- around the farm, or to the town or city many miles distant, in half the time, and
at a much lower cost.
The Ford One-Ton truck'is a rapid, economical and very serviceable means of transport. One of these on your farm will save you weeks of time in a single season and will enable you to pass through a crisis of labor shortage with less difficulty.
The Ford truck is supplied as a chassis only. This permits you to select any of the many body styles especially designed for the Ford truck and already on the market Thus you can mount the one which suits your individual
requirements.
Always the Biggest Possible Values
? ?
for the Least Money at ? ?
Our Up-to-date Shoe Store.
«V3
The truck
FOR SALE
Good Shoes for
1 Silo -12 x 28
Cow Stable Fittings, Flooring, Stalls ami Watering Outfit _ 9100, for silo and flooring.
00 bags Swede Turnips, 50c.
Apply to 1) THOMPSON,
Clarendon Front
EVERYBODY
Price
the most complete assortments at all times. The authentic styles and unsurpassed values in all kinds of Footwear are FOUND HERE.
« bag
in

Farms for Sale
No. 1- East half of Lot No. 26, 3rd range Clarendon, containing about 100 acres, of which f>0 acres are under cultivation, at present in hay and pasture. Erected thereon are a good comfortable dwelling house ; machine shop and granary ; good kun 30x40 ; two good battle sheds and hors»' stable. Fifty acres of bush land timbered with spruce and
cedar.

P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
)
Price $750 f.o.b. Ford, Ont
Field of labor next week, with the good wishes of nil, while we are pleased to note Mrs. Mtilhern will remain here for n time.
The address vend as follows :—
To Mr. \sn Mrs. Mvlhern :
We, ihs undersigned, wish to m.tke some little expression of otir regret at your being removed from us, and ask you to accept this hook case as a little token of appreciation by your many friends in Beach burg. It ii only with the knowledge of your going to a larger sphere of usefulness that we bid you God-speed. Your stay amongst us has keen of the happiest, and we are confident that our loss is to lx1 others’ gain.
It has lH>en no small privilege to have you residing amongst us, and wv can •ntidentlv say that with all classes you leave us with a feeling of sincere re-g|iect, and we count your new neighbors fortunate in lia\ ing you amongst them. We can only pray that Gods blessing may continue to be with you and to assure you that you will both remain in our memories, and that a hearty w -l-lwaits you should you ever return
' I
Beachburg, April 4th, 1918.
Local and District.
North Half of Lot No. 2<i, 3rd range Clarendon, containing 1(X> acres, cultivated ; has l*»en in lmy and pasture during the past year. Good house, good barn and good stables. Fenced around end and side with w ire.
These two Farms are one mile from Portage du Fort railway station miles from saw mill, two churches, cheese factory and school. The soil is rich loam.
No. 2
Mr. thirty Millar, we regret to
report, is von fined to his home with a had attack of inflammatory rheumatism.
Mr. lici t Woolsey has purchased the barbering business carried on for some years by Thomas Burton, who has gone to Pembroke, whither his wife and family will follow shortly.
Mr. Wm B. Sturgeon, who for n number of years has been engaged in a store at Madawaska, Ont., recently removed from there to Clarendon Front and will lienee forth engage in farming. We learn lie has purchased the property known the Wilson farm.
Our town fathers have come to the conclusion that the vow as a consumer of burdocks and discarded tomato cans is not in it with the billy goat, and that therefore the scope of her peregrinations in town shall lie materially circumscribed. Sufficient room to accommodate the erring bovine will be allotted to her on the corporation lot, if in future she jwisists in invading the sanctity of the long-suffering citizen’s front lawn ; and she shall not come out thence till the uttermost farthing nestles in the palm of the unyielding pound-keeper.
Mr. Geo. L. Coriigan, who has been winding up his business in this section during the past ten days, left on Tuesday with a eai-load of effects for Provost, Alta., where he has a half section of land. George did not dispose of his farms yet, and for the present the Bristol Kidge property remains with Mr. O. D. Sullivan and the 13th range lots with Mr. Thomas Kêlley, as pasture lands—the latter for rent as formerly. As our friend is one of the hustling kind he should easily make good in the great west where there i* ample room to expand.

m
m
m

4
Thrtt of the mong body etylee that may be mounted on the Ford truck chassis
Further particulars and terms may be had on application to
Dealers - Shawville.
Shawville Motor Go.
JAMES HAUT, Portage du Fort
I6-3M
ACT TODAY
TARIFF OF TOLLS to be collected during
«1
season 1918 by The Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited,
For use of Improvements :
as
Your Health, Your Buildings
May be in DANCER !
Confederation Life Association, old and reliable
London Guarantee, Fire and Automobile
Globe Indemnity Co. Accident and Health Insurance
0, ANDERSON - General Insurance Agency,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Your Life
1
Saw-logs. 17 feet and mulet * in length, jJer 1,000 feet board measure .................................
Rod and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet board measure.............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted. 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet boatd measure...................
Red and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or n ancy board, per l,uuo cubic feet...
Pulpwood, |>er cord............................
come to us
10 Cts
B
m 4
In Memonam.
In loving memory of our noble son, Corporal John X. lauulry, who tought and fell at the battle of Vi my Ridge, April 9th, 1917.
It in not the tears at the moment shed That tell how Mov'd is the soul that is fled,
But the tear* through many night wept.
And the sad re membra nee fondly kept
Father and Mother,
. Sisters and Brothers
15	“
15o	•«
10 “
long
Dover’s Clothes.
As a partial solution of the meat problem W F. Butler, a well known man in the Western States, is urging the slaughter of the range horses of the North West which, he de-clat are unprofitable for their present purposes.	I Complaint» having been made to the
dares, and $10,000,000 to $15,000,- 1 owners of such amnials are re«,uvaV‘.l to 000 in cash would be the return, keep them within bounds in future and Such a course would also help to re- thereby confirm to the resolution ot lieve the hay shortage and provld® council passed some years ago, and
range for 1.000,000 cattle and sev- , which is still in force. Neglect to do.	___
era I million head of sheep, he he- thi» will result in all stray cows bring 1
! imiMmnded and fees collected.	I
By order 8. FI fiODOlSS, j
Set Treas
COWS
as
i Will Be Impounded.
In loving memory of Private Fred 1 )«-an who tell at the battle ot Vimy Hi ige April 9th, 1917
The Boys know that Dover’s Clothes are the smartest they
His Mother
Amateurs don't lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots ot interesting pictures can be made to scud to the boys at the front. Amateur finishing i ; ' dty
BEACHBURG
lieves.
"There is no staple market for the lightweight horse at the present time," he declares in a statement on the subject. "Its day of practical usefulness is practically at an end. It is a hay-destroyer—a live liability rather than a live asset. This does not apply to the general utility draft
horselBIHH^HpABiHflBHHflHHi
asset to any country, and will remain an aiset just as long as farms plowed and man grows crops for his sustenance.
"Throughout the North-West I _ l_— A would say that there are over a mil- had recently joined up as a private, lion such animals. Among certain ind was spending his Christmas people there is an inherited prejudice leave at home. _ __^	1^_____
against horse flesh,	'*	"	'	“	“
many people who have not a prejudice against this food. In many countries it has been used for hundreds	„	,	. I
of years as a food product, and at the She knows perfectly well that I don t
present time it is offered for sale in allow callers. I wish you d go and New York. Cincinnati, and St. Louis, tell the man to leave the bouse at
"In food value horse flesh Is about Mice/ Clarence duly departed to the equivalent to lean beef. From a sani- kitchen, but returned in about half tary standpoint, the horse is one of i minute. Sorry, mother, but I can't the cleanest animals living. Its turn him out. 'Can't turn him habits require that It eat the purest Mit? Why on earth tot?" He's my food and drink the best of water. It *ergeant!" lives in the open and Is freer from transmisse1 le diseases than are
either cattle or hogs.
"I am of opinion that there will be no difficulty In obtaining a steady supply of horse flesh for some time to come. Wo received a communication several days ago from one of the large Western, horse markets saying that it would contract to supply 3,000 horses monthly for the next twelve months."
April tt.-Last week Mr. Mulhern (Manager Hank of Ottawa) received word that lie was to be removed to Shawville. * At once a petition was sent in to the head office a-king that lie be left in Beach burg, in the interest of the bank, as well as to meet the wishes of the tieople. A few days later word was received from the general manager that it would be to Mr. MtilhenVs interest to be sent to a field of greater lesponsibihty and offering him a better future.
Although very sorry to lose him, his many friends here were pleased to know he was chosen as manager of three brandies, while we are confident he will fill the position with credit and also make many friends there, as he has done here.
On Wednesday evening a few of our citizens gathered at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Mulhern, on behalf of the people ot Beach burg, to present them with a book-case before leaving. Rev. Mr. Coles, Angli and Rev. Mr. Hurst, Method
H. Imison,
Dealer in Kodaks ami Supplies
The mothers know that their sons Look dressier in Dover s Clothes And they also know that Dover’s
Clothes wear longer.
Shawville, April 2, 1918
Hounds Strayed
Strayed from Shawville on April 1st two bound dog**—one black and tan, the other black and white, with tan spot# over eyes. Information that will lead to their recovery will be suitably rewarded, or any information of their whereabout* or if anything befell them will he thankfully received by W« K. Maitland or Tho> Shore. Shawville.
Light Is known to have an izyur-ous effect on bacteria; hence it la an «portant hygenic factor.
The farm draft horse is an
are
His Superior.
The son of the well-to-do family
gggggpg^^^^M^^^HrjReturning from but there are walk, bis mother eâpted a figure in
kitchen with the housemaid. Clarence," she called to her eon, Mary’s got some one in the kitchen.
Our complete Stock of Boys’ and Youths’ Spring Clothes is now Ready for your selection. Bring The boys in and try them on.
All the new Slash Pockets and Buckle Belt Styles on view.
STRAYED
ho
Strayed on to my premises some time
Owner is re-
in November, one ewe quested to remove same at once nijd pay expense# incurred, and oblige
GEORGE SMITH,
R. R. No. 2, Chartcris. O’10*
ist minister, being unable to be pre-ent, the presentation was made and the address read by the
minister.
Mr. Mulhern, although taken by surprise, mane a brief but fitting reply, thanking the people of Beaehhurg for their kindness to them during their stay here.
Refreshments were served and a very pleasant evening was spent.
Mr. Mulhern goes to his new
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES!
Athlete Killed in France.
Eddie Roberts, a well-known Ottawa lacrosse and hockey player, was killed in the fighting in France a ’ew weks ago. Roberts went overseas with the 207th, and was transferred to a machine gun squad. He *'as a brother to Dr. Gordon Roberts ind Dr. fleurie Roberts, Montreal, Ottawa, and McGill athletes.
Mr. Woods, Presbyterian
I have just received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them-
ARCHIE DOVER
J. L. HODOINS - • Shawvillb.

