###PAGE###1###

O
No. 43, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., TIIUKSDAY, APRIL 18, 1018
11.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Road to Independence	HARDWARE MORE
• te?
m
THE
RSTABL1S1IKD 187-1.
BANK
Trouble comes to all of us at one time or
another.
r iman .w 1 snug bank account, 1.4
fortified against the ‘slings and arrows of outrageous fortune”.
It is the duty of every man to lay aside
something for the inevitable rainy day.
Open a Savings Account Way-and take your first step along the road Independence,
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
il
OF
PRODUCE
4,750,000
PRODUCE
OTTAWA
04 Branches In Canada.
Let the Hoe and Rake help the Sword.
•J 0
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
1
Hon. George Bryson, President Russell Blackburn,
Rli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon Gecrge Gordon.
General Manager :
D. M. Finnic.
W. Duthle
A bank well equipped to serre the public : Drafts, Money Orders and Letters of Credit Issued,
Interest added half yearly to Savings Balances.
John B. Fraser, Vice President Alexander Maclarcn M. J. O'Brien.
Hon. Sir George II Pcrley E. C. Whitney
À sat. General Manager ;
H. V.Cann.
• Chief Inspector.
to
Get ready for the Spring Hush
We can furnish tlje Tools.
TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
Head Office : Montreal. OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
OU YON BRANCH,
Don,t neglect your Poultry and Calves, have a large stock of Poultry Supplies, including Baby Chick Food.
Calf Meal is scarce and coming very slowly We are fortunate in having secured stock of Royal Purple, $3.00, 50 lb. bag.
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager. • A. A. REID, Manager.
we
A BIG DRIVE
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
” SCHOOL
Ky Business notices on this imge 8 cents per line.
ty A good assortment of nice Spring caps to choose from at
Murray Bros.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
a
For Stknoora i'hkrs. For the past year the Civil Service ConmiiHuion has be scouring the country for competent stenographer*. On Feh 10 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the de niaudn arc now doubled.
en
H. IMISON, Artist in Portraiture
Ottawa, Ont.
i.	i «s?	I
yours. Make an appointment to-day. Saturday morning, the 20th inst. Any | Our rates are $10 per month; do not
Arti.On hM.. | =1 «	SSif 'S£t£SS£?££
S. 11. Rudd'a large woodwork	I h""1 lor circular.
factory nnd premises at Arnprior Mrs. P. K. Smiley spent a few was destroyed by Are early Thura-1 days with Ottawa relatives last day morning last. Estimated loan, i week.
$35 000
'	,	Misa Alva Turner, Ottawa, stient
The work meeting of Shaw ville the week-end at the home of 1 H. M. Club will be held on Thitra-| i>arents in town, day evening at Mrs. D. A Bakers
Most things can be anybody» gift—
J. H. SHAW. 1
Wljo Sows Well Reaps Well.” j
V
COWLING
II
OTTAWA, ONT
W B.doWLiKO, H.G. Wt Bbaitewait President
D. E. HENRY, PRESIDENT. Cor. Bank and Soarks Sis
Principal
W. A. HOGGING
EXPERIENCE
Memorial Cards.—A new stock of very neat ones at this office-several designs.
1er
VS
EXPERIMENT.
Mr. A G. Brough and children arrived from Louden, Ont., last
Fifty pairs women’s boots and shoe* I wt-ekl	I Your family, friends and business os-
sizes 2$ and 3 ; values up to $4.00. Mr. H. B Hodgins, Yarm, ha- sociales want your portrait. A nice To clear at $1.95.	P. & Smiley. | Wen absent for some time visiting | range of fold	to <¦!,,,ose from
friends at Montreal, and other
SHAWVILLE
Special 1
Learning office work is like learning any other kind of work or trade
Machinist! are trained by practical machinists, doctors by doctors, dentists by dentist».
The secret of success of the Graduates of Willis College is that they are the only ones trained by expert, experienced office workers for expert office work.
For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac-
m	tl ,	4.	,	,	, Inc animal Vestry meeting of count ant. we have the best courses avail
don Vm Sl^wm L heldre«t |	Wedding Bell.	oTiVedn?^/ !increase was m. This
i !!*V u * i1^’ Uy 5frtie WV1 V i i r" Methodist Paraonagc, Cornwall, on Mr. John Findlay elected people’s'	N. I. HARRISON.
m- v u/ff a,1<* tare °* e*llc*8» I April 8th, 1918, by Rev. T. Wesley warden. Everything passed off	Principal,
by Mrs. r. Wilson,	Uoeens, Jame» M. Johnston to Amy very happily, and the Incumbent xv ,LL*S Colleob	Ottawa. Ont.
A box soeinl will be held at Knox Manson Shade!, both of Cornwall, congratulated the congregation on Sparks Street, entrance between
School (No. 4) on Friday evening.	-	-	• thefr *”°d *"*"**'	A ^“lUonM^ry Wills Graduates
April 3ttth. Good program. Ad
mission 15 and 25c.; ladies who
EfEhHr'''^80	j wUhE n2h"gï %t an‘old I &u\!p\Sgh\hi:%!ti,m%
friend of many years’ acquaintance the trail of certain delinquents Plowing commenced in some 1 bas passed away. The allusion is who have taken the liberty of ex-irts of this district last week, j t(> Mr- Francis Pelletier, one of the feeding their leave of absence von-the disappearance of the P>°neer residents of Leslie town- siderably beyond the limit. Men snow from the open country the ship, of whom there are very few who tiifle with the military law ground has dried up fast for so I noxv remaining. The late Mr. Pel- m that fashion run a great risk of early in the season, indicating that!,etier b«d reached the patriarchal being severely dealt with when the frost did not penetrate as ' and up to a few years ago, they are rounded up. If they deeply as would naturally be ex- when declining health and eonse- were in Germany and did likewise, pec ted in view of the severity of j c)’,e,,t enfeeblement began to in- the chances are they would have the past winter.	fere with his activities, that long to face a firing squad some morn.	career was marked by continuous | big at sunrise.
Mr. Jack Ritchie, the veteran effort in the direction of imp foreman of the Chenaux Boom, ing the moral and social condition and Mr. George McCagg were back of the community which recog through the Otter Lake district ' nized him as a leader and adviser last week in quest of rivermeil for! in matters both spiritual and tern the summer’s work at the boom. ! {Mirai.
As in the case of farming and oth-1 hi municipal and school affairs,	...	.	+ . . 4V . «ïiï
er large industries, lumbermen are | Mr. Pelletier was a zealous parti- w"u*h went into effect on Sunday experiencing considerable difficul- cipnnt for many years, his services |?<,rnmK :	“ n°L you w u most
ty in procuring man-power to i in that connection including a long !lkely IUHS y°m train, as the lat-
can y on their ofieratious.	term as secretary-treasurer of the t€l . Pow goe? e,Vï5 a?i ”<)in ?\i,er
. .	,	municipality in whicli he lived. !n the roornimr (by the sun) than
A letter from Mr. G. A. Howard Avery large attendante at his heretofore. Time has been nd-to his wife, dated the 8th instant, funeral which took nine,. fitter vauced one hour, to remain effect-states that he had disposed of all Lake on XVwInesdnv lasf	d iv« till the end of October, and the
the horses lie took West last | to the esteem in which he was held w,l>rl W*X avoid mistakes and month with the exception of those and gave evidence also of the gen- PfrPtex,t,e* *" to ke^P 7onT time-required for his own work, and era I regret that was feit at his de- F'eees on the dot wdh the changed that lie intended starting farming part lire.	order of things,
operations next day. '	^	1
oi pro
FEETWEAR
H. IM ISON,
Artist in Portraiture

Men’s Spring1 Work Biots
$4 50
Black Grain Tan
a
4.50
The best values obtainable
Deaths
A trio of military police from Ottawa, acting under the author-
Brown Optical
Boys’ Tan Grain Boots
For hard wear
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
SI',
$3.00
nee
- LADIES -
A Low Priced Kid Boot for Women
Strong and Stout
Our Laced and Buttoned Dongolas
are good and price is only $3.00
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 49H2
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St *
rov
Be on Time !
Have you pushed the hands of your clock ahead one hour to conform with the daylight saving law
$2.75
FOR SALE -Rhode Island Reds—Pullets and Cockerels, (not related.) Apply to James Armstrong, Green Lake.
FOR SALE—Mv property in the village of Bristol Corners. For particulars apply to Mrs. M. II. Murray, Shawvillc.
WANTED—At once, a girl to do gener al housework. Apply to Geo. W. Dale ShawWUe.
We have a few SNAPS
WANTED—A pant maker and an apprentice. Murray Bros., Tailors,Shaw-ville. Que
in odd lines, 3 and 3i, in good qualities, at a little better than
HALF PRICE.
Severn 1 members of the Masonic fraternity in town Yvcnt to Fort Cou longe on Friday afternoon to attend the funeral of the late Bro.
On Thursday evening, April 11, the annual Vestry meeting of St. Thomas' Church, Bristol Corners, was held. » Mr. Edward Thompson
m stinted ministers >var-
_______Mr. Arthur Webb elected
people’s warden. An exceedingly pleasant time yvbs spent, and the church is to be congratulated its satisfactory financial {position
Competition to Stimulate Production.
WANTED—An experienced Tinsmith ; also a good smart boy over 15 years to learn the tinsmith business. Apply to G ko. W. Dale, Shaw ville.
____ Mr. C. H. Hodge, Macdonald Col-
John D. Colton, who died very lege representative for this county suddenly on Wednesday from in- i Trending out a supplemental issue ternal hemorrhage at the home of of a circular prepared last month Ins brother George. Deceased was by the Department of Agriculture,
35 year* old. He was tillrd son of Quebec, which sets forth the ob-Mr. and Mrs. James Colton, of Meets and conditions of a prize com-mf w	Ootilonge, and was a young man petition which is to be held this _____ _ AT __ .	^	,
Mr. James Prendergast was ra-	generally esteemed	by	all who	year as a feature of the “Greater	. im„.,l!îtw,P,,uÏÏ	of
ther seriously injured last Satur-	knew him.	Production" eam|>aign which has I w,,. z. Shaw vihe *
day through being thrown out of At Cou longe the Shaw ville bre- been entered upon by the Quebec | ____________________
a buggy near the old school on	thren were joined	by	resident	Department of Agriculture in coMain street. The accident was	members of the Order and otheis	operation with the Department of I	Lost—Sunday	evening	between St
due to the horse becoming fright- Ifom Campbells Bay and WaI- Agriculture at Ottawa.	Pauls church and J. H Shaw’s resi-
ened at a passing automobile Mr. tham. There was also present a The proposed competition, which denoe a gold cuff link inscribed with Prendergast fell on his head and representation of the 1. O. F., of is entirely independent of and dis- fetter u E.” Finder will oblige by lt av-for a time was rendered ancon- which society the lata Mr. Colton tinct from any others that may be I li,. this office scions.	was a member. Each sotdety held contemplated, relates solely to the
I P .	.	its respective burial service at the matter of Increased acreage for
I luring .the past week some of grave, that of the Foresters, led the production of grain ana other , ... ...	„	.	,
Charlies good friends devoted by Dr. Mulligan of COulonge, tak- necessary crops. Tlie aim is to William Bennett, upon whom
a portiou of their evening leisure ing precedence. The Masouic cere- bring 000,000 acres more of Quebec fke death penally was to have
moments to the neighborly task of monial was conducted by Rev. lands under cultivation thin year becn imposed on Wednesday of assisting him to reduce hb wood Bro. Tucker, late Presbyterian than last Farmers interested- thH .WfM* Pe?l?ro1ke* foru th? pile to negotiable dimensions. In minister at Coulonge. The pall- and they all shou'd be at this par- murder of Bruc^J^Uch near Sand the course of these manifestations bearers were selected from the tlcnlarly critical time-ought to Point Inst July, has been spared of good fellowship it was demon- society members present. A large procure a copy of the circular re- the gallows by having his sentence •tinted beyond nerad venture that array of beautiful floral offerings ferred to and inform themaelvee of I com mil tea to life imprisonment, the bucksaw plays but a measly was in evidence. These were the nature of this important com- Bennett is hopelessly blind from part indeed comitared with the ; borne from the house of mourning petition for which liberal prizes the wound lie inflicted upon him modern gasoline outfit.	by members of the I. O F.	]are offered.	I wf as the final act in the tragedy.
was re a den and
LOST—April 1st, between Shawville and Maple Ridge, one man's pullover sweater. Finder please return to The Equity Office.
on
our Styles and Qualities in
White Boots
Running Shoes
6tC«* Gtc#
See
or young pigs'
McGuire. R R
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###


»
m.
mm
Most Tirât" of Women.
Mary Ellen Smith was elected January 24 to the seat in tho British Col- Old Jewelleryt Plate: ff lreri Oerioei
umbia House of Parliament last held
by her husband, whose death caused W»to%gst Blasei Table Ware.
J election. Mm. Smith ih thus the	^ VV^iriiS^'lalaited
first woman in the history of the	antiqUK uallrkikh
world to be elected to her husband’s »• sad 30 Celles* «treet. Toronto. Oat.
legislative chair. She is also the first
woman in tho history of British	Col-	w)1e]mjng majority two returned sol-
WAH AND FOOD SERIES, ARTICLE No. 14—HONEY	umbia to Hit in Parliament and	was	dJerfj reprollenting rival bodies of re-
“How doth the busy little bee	normal times the greatest demand	for	elected in the first nimpniirn n	is-	turnc(| mpn# Rmj |B the first woman In
Improve each shining hour”—	it is felt around Thanksgiving	and	tory in which women at u* N0	Canadian history to figure in an elec-
looks'Christmas. If tho beekeeper can this province She ran on the mrte- tlon with the military, supply the market though the whole pendent ticket, defeating by an over-
Articles Wanted for Cash

an
f
Take it as Soup before Meals
hi
While the country woman after her dairy and her chickens, tho
bee works away gathering flower- >'ear» 8*10 w'11	. mik‘" tv remove
juice, bringing it home to the hive honey from the list of seasonable de-and transforming it into the most de- hcacies and put it into the class of
licioug of sweets.	staple foods.
There are two aspects to bee-keep- H|l‘ equipment nvcvssaiy or ice-On the one hand it is n pro- keeping is inexpensive and the bees tit able war-time industry. On the	Pay for themselves, providing
as aiiz&z := is F;i=*'F:%FEE
Honey production ha, arrived at a determme. to go in for beekeeping commercial b»,i, undreamed of thirty	extensive scale, however, she
pSÉiiSi StSllifl
a shell,	and	so we	had	joined	forces,'	And then	we many Tommy's favor- food or its relegation to the oblivion lon 18 a normal one, is determi t
here in	front of	the wrecked dugout,' ite	kind	of	requiem:—	of a mere occasional luxury.	large.y	by the number of pounds to
arsifshs ssur " s» T.„„..............................xtrArs: x	la
we might conserve the dump warmth Hut still l am gay and content. It is a heat-producing food and in me present ume._»_
of our bodies. No one spoke. No * stroll the West gay reference was made to our dead com- You'll see me there di rades who were lying there so Hose From Burlington Arcade that we could almost touch them from rP to the Old Bailey, where we set. Nevertheless, i he- I'm «tony! I'm Tony lieve that we were nil thinking of Hut that makes no diff'rence, you them, however unwillingly. I tried	se£- . .	,	,
to see them as they were only a few «hough I haven t a fraction, hours before. I tried to remember l.'° sa|jstîl‘'tion,	„
the sound of their voices, how they lhp>' built Piccadilly forme."	oeg
had laughed; hut 1 could think only of	--- j “I'm a-go’iV to arsk for a nice
the appearance of their mutilated	CHAPTER XI.	Rlightey one! Four months in Brent-
bodies.	“Sitting Tight.**	ford 'osnital an’ me Christmas puddin'i g
thoughts^ often ^ take" a ^melancholy I Lemons and ( Ticket Balls ^••Now,' don't forget, you blokes!, turn, though one is indoors .sitting , 1 nroughout October we fulfilled County o' London War 'Ospitul fer me before a pleasant fire, and hearing but thti ProPh®cy «1 the officer who told if ] gets a knock! Write it on a piece faintly the sighing of the wind and !ls 1 u ' 8,ttin8f tight” m the German o' pyper an* pin it to me tunic w'en the sound of the rain beating against 1 inches was to be our function. There you sends me back to the ambulance.” t he window. It is hardly to be won- .mght,y counter attacks preceded by j * The barricades were blown up and derod at that soldiers in trenches be- , ,*[tillory fire when the enemy the fight was on. A two-hundred-1 come discouraged at times and on }na'le > dotcimined ellorts to retake the piece orchestra of blacksmiths, with
ShSTSK SXXZXigS.	it*'""-""-1-“” -w*-
ing traverse,—	NViu1 up»
W. —ere to „„ open dteh. The' t','"o,%eT»C «%,	«Î.S
lain vas beating down on our faces, by increasing hordes of We were waiting for darkness when ^ ...
we could go to our unpleasant work tion of grave-digging would be r graves to i
The Peerless Perfection Fence
M
ITCHENER'S
g'j&ssrs b?:!tm£
- .lown. Blsn le any weather. Each joint ass urely held with the Hr	I| 1 n'f I • • Hr ycUnnlnvI. the etfOOgiwt,
/ eorvlcvahle farm fence niado and fully guaranteed.
REMO FOR CATALOG «*f all Made of fencing for fame.
_	paiks. remedies, lawi,. v ullr? fards, on • •«enUl fencing and gntee
^'z	Mna at y.-ur l.w'al dealers Agents waiile-t In «‘pen leirtlniy
|V J THE BANWn.L- HOXÏE WIRE FENCE COMPANY. Ltd.
Hamilton. Ontario
i ' •
font
mm
iee. yÇp
mJt
H Li
- #
in g

Winnipeg. Manitoba
•
ZPy'Jas. Norm an Hall»
Send it to Parker’s
OU will be astonished at the results we get by our modem system of dyeing and cleaning. Fabrics that are shabby, dirty or spotted are made like new. We can restore the most delicate articles.
Y

Send one article or a parcel of goods by post or We will pay carriage one way, and our
charges are most reasonable
When you think iff
CLEANING AND DYEING,
think of PARKER’S
Let us mail you our booklet of household helps we can render.
PARKER'S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
CLEANERS AND DYERS 791 Yonge Street

\

?
>>:
f uPu nde rt ones," a s' Ihev ' mfgh t ^ Eave used by farmers may In- waterproofed passed through the gates at a foot- j by dipping them into melted paraffin, ball match.	^	^	Women find these waterproofed gloves (
“Are we downhearted ? Not likely, valuable when scrubbing floors, clean- J
ing stoves, setting out plants, etc. | The coating of paraffin may be renewed as often as is found necessary.
aily
'
old son!"	__ see
; “Tyke a feel o' this little puffball! F mack on old Fritzie’s napper she
Toronto
>

B ob Lone >

KEEP TOU» STOVE pc.lTJ
t D li
iDLACH Knight
STOVE ROUSH 1
ES

€
».
Union-Made
Overalls
Sharis and Gloves -
tl '
-I ’
lb. 11 a
: not*’ J*
fell m
AT PL*
< Easy
3 vse li
iU.-
.	I..ÏS size of brewery vats^might have
to use the authentic approximated, in quality and volume,
and contagious the sound of the battle. The specta-1 Rj
quite different from
counter-attack across the ,	m I vl,v„* Lurid flashes of light issued
which we could not savor owing to from the ground as though a door to me that other warfare waged upon us ,uc infernal regions had been thrown
parasitic jarringly open The <




1
was
Z
m
. v
t

MiyWm c %

•5 b
Afioirn from Cvujt to Coast
cloud of thick E!m,mi|llllllllllllllllllllllllllllimimilll!s *
. mu il mi r&c:
bb	ris. Azir""Æs .srs ssfa «*. Wf	a
iggi’ïg graves,	always	doing the Pommy kept his balance and his air ^	“’K’s a-sro’n’ to die game, r u !	k. ^zêtS 5	In.
*ame work with	not	one	bright or °/ cheery unconcern, but he wished . .	,	*0 cive it to ’im.”	=	i *	J	kNj
pleasant thing to look forward to. that he might be “struck pink” if	/j0 be continued.)	= H r**&?/ly|y
I hose were my thoughts as I sat on knew “wot we was a-doin' of any-	._ E H Û JïèsMlf -««SrîlSDÏ /
the firing-bench with my head drawn w'y.”	j
down between my knees watching the Our ideas of the tactical situation
ss. ppbS	% stilts a 4°*ry‘	«— «•—— » »- «- \
ggSSpl pFSS&S	IÏ5S65S5
üm ipilsi epp
s? 1'*£v*f ¦“'i.%%%e wife rut '•£	t”",a“ -d —
ki"% « m
soundofhis voice and how’gtadty and ^^chanct to* KotaduKninf win" Which is quite decent of him, but
quickly wo responded to his summons. ;'Ere we all but got ’em on the run the kaiser lias some five or six sons - rTL ]A/ nll>/>r N«,»Ç4» 5 Kie you are, me lads. Bully beef an’ the 'ole show stops!”	j and a son-in-law—all of military age ; i fiC VV Ql!\CT 11 OU SC g
rissoles an ot t ea, an it ain t ’arf The continuation of the offensive and able-bodied, all alive and whole |	The House of Plenty	2
PgSlP. ESPHSSSS t.........................——............•!
Dead men were lying about us, both ! ever there was the chance to pu.<h the eraWe mC(,a's struck h>’ the Po‘?daf In the trenches and outside of them. Germans out of France.	Government during the struggle is
,hît1waSeSîfeabdar°k when™Ll	the^lay'sTork " There were aShi” tw^^ons-aU tW of"them
: Th- -V.. i.m„d M.	"i £*,{”"SlL'i “w’S
et at it. boys,” he said.	*î,e P°?w3,°,n g ¦mB,J lef.tors °] coin's letter to Mrs. fiixhy of Massa-
smmi\
com mu ni cat ion trench connecting trait medal were .struck now of the
cSaas - PF	i
The game of pitch and toss over the I<x>kmg a bit worried. A good m-barricades had continued for several scription for it would be, 'Our safety, days without a decision. Then came is our supreme law,” or something to : orders for more decisive action. The the same effect, preferably in hog barricades were to be deestroyed and Latin the enemy bombed out. In underground fighting of this kind the element of surprise is possible. If one
The


V*
3

»
1
2
•jB/ttv
I

i
1


«

n
HIS NERVE STILL HOLDS
i
no

4
DP
0
1-
5

no
q

%

E 4
/
\
3

i


My overalls and shirts are the best to buy, because—it
costs you no more to get the genuine 63 lbs. to the square inch tested doth In “Bob Long” Big 11 overalls, than the ordinary starch-filled, cheap, dyed cotton goods.” Insist on “Bob Long” Brand—the cloth with the test.
R. G. LONG & CO., LIMITED
TORONTO
I
2
hotel in Canada, and at moderate cost, and have your parcels sent direct to our check room. There la no extra charge.
CANADA
09
'
The First Investment in Canada
Combined with a Liberal
Income Return
Pte. No. 4326 MacDonald.
Pte. No. 7864 Gardner.
Pte. No. 9851 Preston.
Pte. No .6940 Allen.
Royal Fusiliers.
“Tney did their bit.”
Quietly we slipped back into the
Dominion of Canada Gold Bonds
Maturing 1st December, 1922,1927 or 1937. Now
obtainable at 98% and interest. Will be accepted at 100 and interest, in the event of future issues of like maturity or longer made in Canada by the Government.
Denominations: $50, $100, $500, $1,000
When the kaiser has passed to his final restlessness, we'd like to furnish the epitaph:	“He had the
opponent can be suddenly overwhelm- nerv< ( •rtaui had no humor, ed with a heavy rain of bombs, the or humility, or justice chances of success for the attacking	--------*—
f It is
I fine for
cleaning
cans * rin,
i
party are quite favorable The action took place at dusk.I Shortly before the hour set, the Here I come creeping, creeping every
bombers, all of them boys in their	where:
early twenties, filed slowly along the	By the dusty roadside,
trench, the pockets of their grenade	On the sunny hillside,
waistcoats bulging withj'Iemons” and close by the noisy brook,
Mrt'sSbT.r.K t£S ,	"""" b”". ., .
went to their place, with that spirit 1	creapmp. creep,ng. every-
of stolid cheeriness which is the won-	where,
der and admiration of every one who knows Tommy A thins intimately, ly, when I saw him In this I would think, “He doesn't Men don’t go out to meet But long association with him had convinced me of the error of this opinion
The Voice of the Grass
I
Bearer or Registered Bonds
J
Complete Information Furnished upon Request
Dominion Securities Corporation
(onvfort
LIMITED.
E R Wood 0 A Morrow
J W Mechel
MONTREAL BRANCH Can.da Life Building
Here I come creeping, creeping every where;
You cannot see me coming,
Nor hear my low sweet humming; For in the starry night,
And in the glad morning light,
I come quietly creeping everywhere
—Sarah Roberts Boyle:
R W. Sleek
Former! mood, realize. death like this.”
HEAD OFFICE :
26 KING STREET EAST
TORONTO
Lye
J A Fr
T,
LONDON. ENO . BRANCH Ne. 6 Austin Friert A L Fullerten. Manager
y
A. F White
\
These men
f 11 knew that death or terrible ir\jury -*| was in store for many of them; yet
L





###PAGE###3###
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
Uro of Salt
^ O	OtQ
A smoky or dull fire can he made char by throwing a handful of salt over it.
or, M l)
Hy Andr
Ten day* previous to farrowing, the sow should be removed from other hogs and placed In her farrowing quarters. This familiarizes the sow with her new home, and prevents the danger of injury which might result
in the lose of her litter. The quar- can be removed .from carpets by suc-
ters should not be too large, especially cesaive applications of dry salt.	What May lie Done for a Crying ' pathy and love to overcome your
in cold weather. A pen nine by six Handfuls of salt will clean sauce-	Baby?	judgment.
feet is amply large for farrowing. A pans and take away the unpleasant _	,. ,	.	Sometimes a judicious, remember
guard rail around the edge of the pen smell of onions if they have been ‘	, 7 li f » i Lr judicious, use of the hand, or slip-
—iMB
to the rapidly rising price of the last wheat or oats, owing to the tender-, For three or four days previous to	Tea Economy.	I ject ig Seated much depends as to ht,%'r for the baby to keep on trying
three yearns, the acreage has been ness of the young vines which a farrowing the rations of the sow A great secret of tea economy is to the future welfare of each individual Untl " **	,r< out ar“ 1 l* n g ,< ’
greatly increased, especially in the	lute spring frost is apt to damage	should be reduced in quantity and be	add only	a small quantity	of	boiling baby
provinces of Quebec, Saskatchewan	seriously, also the cold and dampness	0f a laxative nature. A ration too	water at	first and allow	it	to	"draw" |
and Alberta. When we consider the	of the seed bed any cause a rotting ofj	heavy or rich may stimulate an abnor-	before adding the rest
numerous ways in which one can	the seed. It is impossible to give an	mal milk flow, and result in sours and	is much	better and
utilize this crop either in the seed or	exact date when it is desirable to	death among pigs
on the vine it is surprising that pea start pea seeding, but this is a gemj growing has not received an even eral rule that may be followed: ^ greater impetus than it did last sea- you have sown your wheat on the
earliest date possible, the seeding of
peas may be commenced from ten to	____________
fourteen day» afterwards. This rule.	Exclude, first of all, as a cause fond of them
might be modified in certain localities,	'	ny sames u. vvatson.	for crying, pain—for babies have]	(
depending entirely on the local weath-	[	_	_	feelings and are subject to painful best show your love for a baby, not
cr conditions	T° ln8Ure	egg8	bcmg Produced next, 8tudy but M Vet no absolute cure or	impressions, just like other	folks,	by yielding	to his	will, but by en-
We would recommend farmers	who	Wlnter the	pullets must be hatched	preventative has been discovered and	whether from safety pins,	tight	deavoring to have	him submit to
are in extreme northern districts, and	4.thls 8Pr,n*; One difficulty about the only thing to do is to use clothing, or stomachache.	i yours,
who	are desirous	of trying out	peas,	oft«n	^mes experienced in hatching	precautionary measures as the proper	0f course	you must	find	out
early	chicks is to get eggs that are	handling of the hatching eggs.	whether the crying is due	to these,
fertile. However, if vigorous males	Keeping The Eggs	or to any other removable cause.
are with healthy females and not too Eggs that are intended fer hatch- Then there is the matter of dispo- amined and passed for the draft, but autumn, it would	be poor advice	to j	f*ma,e® Wltb one	male little	ing	should be gathered	several times	sttion;	a baby whose	mother was	am troubled with constipation,	ach-
recommend any farmer who is situât-	troubIe from lh,s aource	may be en*	per	day and taken to	some location	fretful	and hysterical	during her	ing at the end of the spine and	dry-
ed north of the 50th parallel in	the	countered.	where the temperature will not vary to	pregnancy, or suffered with grief or	ness of the	face and ears. I would
Unthreshed, eafltern provinceB? and north of	the	T^e eggs	to be	placed in incubation	any great extent. For this reason	worry or great disappointment	or a	like to get	in good	condition before
peas arc of great value for sheep	53rd parailej jn the prairie provinces,	must have careful handling. The eggs	the. dry	cellar is	probably the best	brutal husband, will almost certain-	being called
feeding purposes, being an ideal win-	^ 8QW a large acreage until he is cer-| ought to be gathered daily and then	pl$Ce.	Although	should the cellar	ly be a crying baby.	Answer—I entirely sympathize	with
ter roughage for breeding ewes while	^ that they wi|j e8Cape late spring	not subjected to extreme or sudden	be quite	damp the	eggs held therein	U is born so, it can’t help it, and	you in your desire to get yourself
they are likewise an excellent feed for amj parj fajj fr08t8.	I changes of temperature. After the may not hatch well because the film of the only thing a mother can du is into good condition so that you may
young cattle. They can also be sue-	^he	many ways in which one can	eggs are gathered they should be	moisture that will collect on them	to be patient and pitiful.	serve the country. I would suggest
cessfully grown with oats and ensiled,	utilize	a few acrcs 0f peag with pro-	placed in a location not subject to	will affect their hatchability material- But a child may also inherit a bad	that you drink at least two quarts of
furnishing	where	corn	cannot	be	^ ghould tend to	make this one	of	variations of temperature	and for this	jy.	temper	from one or	both parents,	milk a day and that you take a	dose
grown one of	the	most	valuable	silage	ou'r mogt popuiar	crop8 instead	of	reason a dry cellar is possibly the best	The small end of the	egg should be	and cry	and cry from sheer ugliness,	of castor oil each night before going
foods, or again the same mixture can occupyjng B1 % does, a lower place place to 8tore the until they are placed down, to protect the air space With a little study and discrimi- to bed. It would also be desirable cured as hay and fed with profit	than	any of the Canadian cereals,	ready to be placed in incubation. It	jn the large end of the egg, and then	nation it becomes very easy to dif-i	for yqp to get eight or nine hours
throughout the winter. As a summer	^here	are no cultural difficulties to	L important to hunt the egg* several	eggs should be gently turned daily,	ferentiate a wilful, gngry cry from	sleep, if possible, every night and take
pasture for hogs, they return profit- digcourage the farmer while the chief times per day if they arc to be placed Eggs intended for hatching should not a cry of pain.	| as much exercise out of doors as you
able gams, an acre of peas forming a	ingect pest ^e weevil, can always be	in incubation because if they are not	be held over two weeks or ten days,	Even then, don’t get angry if you	can. I hope this will put you in	first
most valuable adjunct to the summer	succcagfu]iy controlled by the sul-	the different hens using the same nest	although	we have	held them for	can help it, neither allow your sym-1	class condition for service,
ration coming in at a time when	hide treatment.	will sit	on these	eggs and	in	the	three weeks	and	had excellent'
young shunts are able to make the ^ere is a large	place for	peas in	courae of a day the eggs are	brought	hatches, but to	hold	eggs for	such
best use	of	this kind	of	feed.	our farming and	8t0ckfeeding prac-	UP to	incubating heat several times a	long periods is not to be encouraged.
The	successful culture	of	peas is tices,	much larger than has	been	d*X and tb‘s	detrimental to the Rough handling of eggs may break	It should be	our first ambition	to
largely a matter of climate. Being	thought by most	of our practical	£e,m of	the egg.	or loosen the egg germ from its	loca-1 win	the	war,	but	while	our	burning
a legume instead of a cereal, they	agriculturists.—Experimental	Farms Use	Care in	Handling Eggs	tion. The egg	germ	is the	little desires	are	leading	us	to make	a
are classed among those crops known j Note.	This year while wo are trying to wbite disk-like spot noticed on the surpreme effort just now, let us re-
conserve on every hand and trying to yo& when the egg is broken open. In member that there may be just as The protection of birds and the produce the largest amount of foods	receiving hatching eggs from a dis-	loud and earnest calls for grains and	problem of food production bear a
ever produced it is important that we	tance the shipper usually advises the	meats for a few years to come; and	cl<se relationship, according to E. H.
use every means possible to gain this	receiver to allow the eggs to sit for	while we work hard to do our best let	Forbush, an ornithologist of Mass-
end and consequently we can not ex-	twenty-four hours before placing	us consider it our duty to so manage	achusetts, in a ti*lk recently given at
ercise too much care in handling the	thcm in incubation, this is done to al-	that the possibilities of the production	the State College of Agriculture at
The first sign of a hen being broody cannot get off.	.	low the germ in the egg to right it- 0f grains and meats will be as great Cornell.
(wanting to set) is that she stays Toward the evening of the second	hands «.hnulrf he	in h,md- se^‘ Also to allow the egg to settle at the end of the period of the war, be So valuable are the birds in prolonger on the nest when laying, and on day quietly go in where she is setting,	hatching	It i* well and tbe air 9Pace t0 become normal. it long or short, as they are to-day. tecting crops from insect pests, that
being approached will quite likely re- • leave some feed and water, remove	. hands before gathering ** sometimes happens that the eggs Those who are soil robbers and fol- without them, the grass crop, which
main and make a clucking noise, ruffle the board from the front or top of	‘	oilv substnnreT1 thï in the ne8t that are wanted for incu- low the plan of special crop farming is the biggest of all crops the world
her feathers and peck at the intruder, the nest and let the hen come off when	" rubbed on thn „gg and bati°n become badly soiled and if they for their own selfish gains alone, have over, would hardly be possible. The
YNhen it is noted that a hen sets on a she is ready. Should she return to 1 close ud the minuU nore in thp are no^ c^eaned tbe ba^ch may be in- a narrow vision of life and its mean-, birds feed on the pests which kill the nest from two to three nights in suc-, the nest after feeding remove the : through which the unborn chirk terferred with. Soiled eggs should ing and live in a narrow sphere. But grass, especially those which eat the
be washed ^	the man who lives and strives for the roots.
ting hen will not be	disturbed.	Move	hen, while	later in the spring one	can j	we dont think we e\er removed a	hie from dirty eggs may be overcome future generations
her	from	the	regular	laying	nest	at	put twelve	to fifteen, according	to	the	clutch of chicks from a hen and	if the fowls are not permitted to for-
size of the	hen.	found a single deformed chick among	age dirty and filthy quarters and if
¦	Dust the	hen thoroughly with	insect	the lot and this is the case after	clean litter and plenty of nesting ma-
I powder, and in applying the powder thirty years’experience with chickens, terial is supplied.
I hold the hen by the feet, head down, Much experimenting has been carried I 1 working the powder we4l/ into the on with the hope of finding the cause feathers, giving special attention to of this trouble, but nothing has been regions around the vent and under the found that will absolutely overcome wings. The powder should also be sprinkled in the nest.
Lemon juice and salt will clean copper and brass.
To brighten carpets, wring a cloth
W*
Dr. Currier will answer all signed letters pertaining to Health. If your question Is of general Interest It will be answered through these columns; out of salt water and rub the carpets If not, It will be answered personally If stamped, addressed envelope Is enclosed Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual eases or make diagnosis. Ink stains that are freshly made Address Dr. Andrew F Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co, 73 Adelaide
8t. West, Toronto.
well
By Agronomist
This Department Is for the use of our firm readers who want the a^vlc# , ®n expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your que • of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, •tamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a comp answer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publie » 9 C*' Ltd., 78 Adelaide 8t W., Toronto.
the
to sleep, than to give in to her.
I You won't have to go through the i There are many things which must experience many times, and if you first be excluded before one decides give up to her you may have to do how a crying baby is to u treated it for an indefinite period, un any given case, and in all cases Now don’t say J am cruel and don’t patience and love and avoidance of know what I am talking about, for I anger must be practised to the very have seen and handled many babies limit of your endurance, and- then during many years of professional
life, and more than that, I am very
Tea so made stronger than when all the water is added at once.
If
CARE OF HATCHING EGGS
son
some more
Split peas and whole peas especially in Canada occupy a prominent place in human diet in that delectable food, pea soupfl^HBHH|HH very proteinaceous food excellent for use in a balanced ration for stock-fee ling purposes, furnishing as it does a low priced concentrate sidering the high price of concentrates, the farmer who has a crop of peas, that he can convert into pea meal, is doing much to free himself from clanger of exploitation at the hands of feed dealers
But it often happens that you can
Pea meal is a
Con-
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS W. K. H.—Have been called, ex-
As peas are
to start in a small way subject to severe injury from frost both in the late sprirj and early
| BIRDS SAVE CROPS j
The Soil Builder
night and handle her carefully in doing so. Put a china egg or two in the nest where she is to set and place a board over the opening so that she
cession and that the feathers are dis- china egg or eggs and put under those appearing from her breast, which that are to be incubated. If the nests should feel hot to the hand, she is ready to be transferred for setting to a nest which has previously been prepared
The normal temperature of a hen is from 106 to 107 degrees F., which varies slightly during incubation.

Parent birds work incessantly to keep their young sufficiently fed. A Bees Worthy of Much Care. young bird is about the biggest eater
Every colony of bees should be in the world. Audubon, the great In the above some suggestions have managed so that it will produce as j naturalist declared a woodcock would been made upon the care of the hatch- much honey as possible during the j eat its weight m worms in a night, ing eggs seem small within them- coming summer. Since the sugar tt has since been shown that it will selves but will do much toward in- supply is limited on account of the do better than this; and it will eat
applicable demand abroad there is no danger of twice its weight in twenty-four hours, whether the eggs are to be placed un- over-production of honey for some In proportion to his size, if a man der hens or in incubators.	time to come. Prices offered for ex-, needed as much food as a young robin
tracted honey to-day are three times >t would mean he would have to eat a what they were a little more than a bologna sausage 67 feet long and 9
Bees are worth giving inches in circumference each day.
A farmer who thought the robins
MUSKRATS WANTED
I will nay highest market prices for Kate. Ginseng Root and all other raw fure.
20 years of reliable trading
Union Bk. of Canada
A. SILVER
the difficulty.
The subject of white diarrhoea of young chicks has been given scientific
suring success and are
aao st. Paul et.
The Strawberry Bed.
A poor stand of strawberry plants is often the result of late planting. Order the plants and have them on hand early in the spring so that they may be set out at the earliest opportunity. Have the bed well prepared as for a garden crop. Mark the rows off three and one-half or four feet apart and set the plants every one and one-half or two feet in the row. Place the plants so that the crowns are just above the ground, and firm the earth well about the roots.
Before planting, if the roots are too long, they should be shortened as it is no advantage to have the longer than four or five inches. It is a well-known fact that plants absorb water by means of their roots and give water up to the air through their leaves. In a newly set plant, which has not yet become established in the Cost only I soil, the absorption of water is very $4 to $6 slow, but the loss of water through per M the leaves continues. In a dry season,
j therefore, we should reduce this loss HPower to a	by removing all leaves
Machines | which have opened when we transplant; ordinarily two leaves are left. Do not expose the plants unnecessarily to the drying effects of the wind and sun, but keep them shaded and moist while planting.
%
Sure Cure for
HEAVES
! years ago
the best of care, and colonies now in inadequate hives should be transfer- were pulling up his young cabbages red to modern ones at fruit-blossom- learned from a student of bird life ing time, be given plenty of room for that the birds were pulling up only | brood rearing, and be provided with a those plants which were dead; and
Rees are the only this was to get at the wire worms at
rUNNY
CUTOUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED ,LINES
Here's what Jàs. McLamoo. Bhawvillc.P.Q.
•aysabout CAPITAL HEAVE REMEDY:_____
til used CAPITAL fore on a horse that another man tu med on a bare [nurture to starve. I cured her with the powders. I can prove this about the old horse; I have her yet; she has never showed Has ve.s-11100.-	!
E TRIAL OFFER
HEAVE REMEDY
storage of honey
agents capable of recovering the tons the root, which had caused the plants and tons of nectar that will be avail- to die, and which would destroy other able from all sorts of flowers during cabbages if left alonaH||HHI|H the growing season all this is wasted.
0
In another
Without bees case a group of farmers thought the
meadow larks were destroying their
An ornithologist persuaded
¦	We have such confidence In this remedy
¦	that we send a full week's trial free, for So. to cover Write us
¦	May.


&
pmpmÂY$iBS£Ÿ
Too Cmptr stmt. Ottn
house.
crops
one farmer to spare the larks qji his
a ., «	.	. .	. ,	,	, place. The other farmers shot them.
An old English method of keeping The re8,llt wea that the man who
moths from blankets during the summer is to wash them thoroughly and pack them away with slices of yel low soap and folded newspaper be
tween UÊÊHÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊKtÊÊÊÊKÊM
soap or printers' ink
* I
a
To Escape Moths
i


Make It Yourself The Tile Everlasting
spared the larks was the only one for miles around who had an oat crop. The birds killed the insects which destroyed the other crops.
A Massachusetts cranbeiry grower suffered heavy loss from a worm I which ate the berries. He encouraged Easy Fig Pudding.—One-half pound the birds to build in his bog and in a cooking figs, one and one-half cups few seasons he found he was bothered cold water, two tablespoons brown not at all by the worms, sugar, one cup boiling water, two Birds may be encouraged to build in tablespoons coni starch (dissolved), orchards by having suitable nesting one-inch stick cinnamon, nuts, lemon boxes provided and by being protected juice. Cut up figs, let soak in cold from their enemies. Their presence water for half an hour. Boil till will favorably affect fruit production, soft. Add sugar, boiling water, corn- They also help save the trees, because starch dissolved in cold water, cinna- there are various birds which protect mon and a few nuts cut up. Boil till different parts of the tree; some feed clear. .lust before removing from , on the insects which work at the stove add a little lemon juice. Let roots; some on those which bore inte cool. Serve with top milk or whipped the bark, and still others on then cream. This recipe serves six people. j which eat the leaves.
£
S &

Moths dislike the smell of

&


w

y
JU
i »
Prices
from
$49 up
Send for Information.
J
Uncover asparagus beds and rhubarb plants. Fork over the beds lightly. Set out asparagus and rhubarb as soon as the ground can be made ready.
Now, pappy, you muet hold a ball l pen your no##; don't let It fall. And then to make a bettor trick,
.balance sorntthias this stick.
Fsrmora* Cement Til# Machine Co.
Walkervflle
I \
Out.
Wl
###PAGE###4###

NOTICE OF MEETINGS
O RANCI HALL, «HAWÏIllI :
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Kitchen Soldiers.
THE EQUITY.
Kitchen soldiers are the latest ex «•riment in practical patriotism. Good .lousekeeping, In co-operation with the United Stiitvs food administration, Is
In the
Shawville, April 2nd. 11118.
Regular meeting of Clarendon Council, held on above date. Present Mayor W. K. Thomas ; Conns. Hodgina, McDowell. Smiley, Sinclair, and Horner.
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of conns. Sinclair and Smiley.
Conn, liar her then took his seat at the board.
A complaint having Wen made about the water running over Front road op posite lot HI, range 2, it was moved and seconded by conns. Sinclair and Smiley that Foreman .1, l*. (’arson be instructed to raise the road two feet at east side of creek and level it all up to that level for about 1 half acre, and to make the road 18 feet wide. Work to l>e done in June.—Carried.
Re. a disputed water course opposite hit *21, range it was decided on motion of Hodgina and Smiley to ask Mr. (\ II. Hodge, demonstrator, to take the levels at foot of hill, and if lie cannot go to have R. Insjiector W. H. Corrigan to decide the matter.
Motion Barber McDowell—That the Secretary pay the County Rate — $1460.8R, and half yearly bonus when due $1197.93 ; an.i $1.00 to Alt’ Draper for livery. Carried.
Motion H orner Smiley That Road foremen be paid $2.50 per day for 1918; man and team, $3.00 ; man without team, $2.00.- Carried.
The Secretary was asked to write relatives who have insane initient» at the charge of the County Council, to have them pay a portion of their keep.
The boundaries of several road Ioilmen were then adjusted.
The Council adjourned on motion of conns. Barber and McDowell.
K. T. Hodoins,
Sec.-Trcas.
1 wish to inform the people of this district that 1 Imve secured the agency for the
Renfrew Machinery Company, Ltd.,
Manufacturer* of and dealers in the following lines :
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 18. 1018
n
O. Y. Il, LODGE, No. 304. meet* 2nd WednAdav of each month at H p. in.
K.	8. II. Workman, W. R. N. Hodoinh
W. M.	Hec. Secy.
L.	O. L. No. 27, meet» 1st Tuesday of each
Hi mill •
11 Kill) llOlHUNS
W.M.
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meet# on the 14th of each month.
XV. Cmop. in Com
enlistment
inducting th mngitxine appear* this pledge, which women me urged lu ai go:
The appropriations for war purposes hich the Union Government has asked vote this session, exceeds the vast f five hundred million dollars Hict should continue for any nsidvrable time ) et, as some predict win Id bankruptcy seems inevi
vr of the household to
"I, ilie u
mated with the handling of food, do
lercby t
To
i it * a kitchen soldier for
I
mi
Cream Separators Truck Scales Household Scales Cas and Kerosene Engines Happy Farmer Tractors Power Drag Saws Crain Grinders Saw Frames Friction Clutch Pulleys
lira. Hoduinf, Secy,
uv mid pledge myself to foot! and to use wisely all ut pun l i.it'll 'or this household, iut hy so doing I run help onsvne i lie foods Hint must be hipped to our soldiers and our ml-
v. i
lume f vaste i
ll th
ot
now lug
it mux
bl
I â
Hku. lloDfiirrs Com. Scribe.
es
Hie House of Commons took time a



This Is n movement for the woman who is actually dealing In the food of American homes. Employers and employees arc urged »o Join the forces. A solilli r may he one wlio fights Just with her brain or one who fights by doing with her hands the work of women in this crisis. She may be one xxhose ancestors have lived here for generations or she may he one whose parents have seen xvar's horrors pass their very door abroad, whose brothers bear the arms of England, or France, or Italy, or Russia, or any other allied country. Once you have enlisted ns a kitchen soldier, your kitchen Is your battlefield.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :

w days ago to indulge in a rather inresting dekite on the subject of titles, troduce«! by Mr. Nivklc, the member r Kingston
the main went t>>show that there is a owing feeling in the country that the nfer

- M


rite opinions expressed

First Tuesday Second Wednesday,

Austin
r
»

MADE IN CANADA
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday
g of titles upon Canadians -IKxiatly lu i editary titles should In
The count» api arently

scout inued
.•strongly democratic to
bee* >ui i ug t< md for the }H t |H*tuation of these use-
Whilst in a good
Bearings
Governor Pulleys Pump Jacks Hangers
Wood Pulleys Belting, etc.
nml nin in n position to fill nil orders foi VOI H PATRONAGE EARNESTLY SOLICITED
>s appendages
i
Wyman, •
Shawville - First Saturday,
oI each month.
x during tlu* past titles have ired in recognition of import> leudeied the State, a good instances eoulil be cited, also,
i
ms
>nme
.*!
1
t sen lv
TWO NOTED RIVERS
in m>
x. Ik	iopU	mid scratch their heads
tfort t«> discover a reason
H. E. MITCHEM - Agent
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
> iinly
why the recipient* had been thus dis tinguished.
Opposite \V. A Hixlgins*, Shawville
l an
—ion—
Tagllamento and Livenza Become Important In Italy.
Shawville and District
\ guilt for “ The Famous Sue ley Pumps
IV S
TO SKLL FOll
The Old Reliable Fontbill Nurseries.
The lwent trouble in Quebec and the x bse^uen* dist ussion of the matter in i’trliament, seem to have brought out the fat t that a large proportion of the people’s representatives are impressed with the opinion that the Military Scr \ eu Act has thus far not been enforced „x equitably or as thoroughly in all sec* l..«us nf the country as the public was ltd to Itelievv it would he. Grounds this view are found in the comparatively small number of men who have elded to the ranks through the .•iteration of the draft law. Singular t lough it xceius, it is none the less true that whilst some districts have l>een al-
Onc Stream of Ne Value Commercially, While the Other Is Known for Many Tributaries.
Splendid list of stock for * Ml Planting. 1917, and Spring Planting, 1V18. Including many new varieties which *e alone control.
i
Pasturage to Rent.
Send for new illustrated catalogue ; also ent'a pro|>oKition. Handsome free out* Exclusive territory. Liberal com
The National Geographic society at Washington has Issued the following war geography bulletins on the Taglla-mento and Livens* rivers, mentioned In the cable dispatches concerning the German drive Into Italy:
"The Taglinmento river, whose flooded hanks served ns a rampart for the retreating Italians for only a few days, and which was crossed by the Austro German forces, la a stream of no value commercially. It Is one of many small rivers rising In the Carnlc Alps and flowing through the Venetian plain Into the Adriatic near Mount Clapsavon, about slaty five miles northwest of Its entrance into the Adriatic, but the course of the stream is meandering, flowing first to the east and then south through a
if
6°„ BONDS
l’ai tics needing same this year, may procure pasturage on my farm on the 13th Concession of Clarendon, by applying to Thomas H. Kelley, Chartcris. None This property * is still oj*en for Parties interested are requested to apply to Mrs. < ïvo. A. U.igg, Shaw ville for terms and particulars.
CEO. L. CORRIGAN
missions
STOXK and WELLINGTON (Established 1937)
Ontario
OF THE
Toronto
sale
i
HTTV OF MONTREAL Rheumatism, Kidney, Stomach and
VIA I VJT lUUIXinfi.AU Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.

VII
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cm* Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
Maturing 1st December, 1922
$100, $500, and $1,000 Donations
Coupon Bonds may be registered as to principal Interest payable semi-annually :	1st June and December,
marshy vnlley. thus traversing a dis PRICE : PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
tance of 100 miles.
“Just 120 years ago the Tagliamento figured prominently in another great military campaign In northern Italy. It was during Napoleon's campaign of 1797 th.it re-enforcements were greatly ic,'dad by the French. Bernndotte, who afterward was placed by Napoleon >n the throne of Sweden ns Charles XIV, led his army with signal dispatch 'rom the banks of the Rhine to his ?oromander In chief, and at the passage of the Tagliamento won enduring iistlnetion.
“The Tagllninento passes no Important cities of Venetia. The mont Important of the small towns that squat upon ts marshy hanks are Veuzone. 20 miles iy rail from the Austro-Itullan frontier;
Spllimhergn and Lutisana. The last-mined Is equidistant from Venice and Trieste on the 100-mile railway which 'onnects these two Important cities.
The Tagliamento flows 15 miles to the vest of Udine, the first Italian city of in porta nee to fall before the onrushlng Teutonic forces In the present offen-
TEACHERS WANTED
st tdvd white of their young man-1, the exactions from other districts >. «in the contrary, kvn decuhnlly There is evidently some cause
i
Fifteen qualified Frotestant teachers wanted for the School Muniviiiality of Clarendon, (’utility of Fontiac.
Applicants state experience, diploma, church of choice, am existed.
School term 15th August, 1918, t< 30th June, 1919, inclusive. Applica lions to l e in the hands of the under signed not later than ten o’clock, a. in. Saturday. 27th April, lf>18,
M. A. McKIXLKY,
Asst. Sec. Treas.
S. liool Municipality of Clarendon,
Shawville, Que
Its headwaters are
M N
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness,sick or sour atom-,
I ach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss . of appetite and asthma. If you have a wire back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
I A. .1. Miller, grocer and baker, Hen
1 bad rheumatism in my shoulder» for over n year. I used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and 1 am free from
all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. I>. No. :>, Renfrew,
1 was troubled with rhcuiua
Vi
grade of 1 salary
meagt
• 11 this glaring discrepancy, and in that i halt there in a strong suspicion that ihe entrusting ««I the Act's administrait to officials who a tv unsympathetic, u n hostile, doubtless h
•i h1 deal
Each of these bonds is n ItKAL CONTRACT between the CITV OF MONTREAL and the PURCHASER by which the Metroixriia hinds itself to pay to the latter the amount mentioned in the bond $100, $%0, 81,000 -on the first day of December, 1922. and to pay in the meantime, on the first day of June and Deeeml>or of eac h year, interest at the rate of 0 .
lo wit I
frew, writes
New Irish Home Rule Bill
\ committee
April
i' British t’abinet is now draft
, id, Horn.
bond
:
Kill,. Iiiü.thv i-aiii.imv.itH.A IEWSIE KNEW HIS BUSINESS
V Itrsgggg
tiain for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Pwo bottle* x ur remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Gravi Renfrew, write» years with indigestion and tried all kinds uf medicine. Two Unties of your \ ic-tory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.'
Mr. IX M. Robertson, Renfrew l have not had an attack of,
l the I hiily Telegra]
1
indent
\n lii»h I'liliatmnt and ex
IVxJ
dagsiin# Vende» In Passenger Coach Commercialized Lord Northcllffe's Boosting of Hie Book.
MVS
This interest is paid on presentation of the eon tons attach eti to the bond as they become due. These coulons an really the CHEQUE ot the CITY.
>00 Flaunt St., 1 was troubled for
li\r will l»e established with full imwer-uver the internal legislation and admin istration and over direct taxation. Rep rvsentation in the Imperial Parliament will be retained in the form galion of forty two Irish memUrs.
The application of Conscription to Ireland, which the Government has signified is its intention, is sure to meet with determined c>p[<»>itioii from the Nationalists, and probuhl) the Lalmi Party in England.
Tbs following Is m story related by Jord Northellff* !n a LonduO paper, ‘oocernlng his book “At the War":
“In the United States end Canada ht nsw|boys walk through the trains lelilog the latest publications, and •tntly one of them offered his lorQ-hlp. who was on his way from New ; fork to Chicago, a copy ef his own »>ek, 'At the Wer,#
I eT?f rqqd It," quietly replied the aw-her efiAkiug hie heed.
“Oh, you have!" |xcipUged the boy; ! tiding, w(th true %##ee tndulfiUve-ieep, "And bpw did yon Uke hr “Pretty w^lL" mold Lord Neribcllff Chop, thinking ef
ip«U
tdded ime#."
“Ooe ! Bve times 1“ eyMeed t d two passengers flo had ever the ceavqraaUS Èroœptly
¦¦¦¦¦	¦¦ lôugbt copies, while	|wrprtelnS
Motion KiUovan- Horner Inal tin ,e#§v^pdor moved on dowl the tar,
•Rowing bills be paid :	layleg!
I. A. Cowan, publishing financial	««At the War—pew book Juft 9Utl
statement $8.00; 4«» dog tax	,D# atQ r#Ad p times. 0of/ I
receipts, $2.00; ballots, muni-	j >w copies left."—Stray $torl
cipul election, $'>.00; office stationer), $5.00,	*
X. Meldrum, 225 5-in. tile3f>c I. H. Shaw, powder, caps & fuse
Killoran-MeLellan — he following path masters lx- appointed:
Div. No 36.—George Stanley, w 41	10.—A. E. Wilson,
IX Peever,
44	57, —T. Telford.
McLellan-Killoran — That Mayor Campbell, conns. Horner, l amp *•11 and the Secretary Ik- apiointed a delegation to meet Clarendon Council ,t their next regular meeting re. P.rUtol-• 'lamulon town line.
Motion

1 a del
ALL THE TAXABLE REAL ESTATE, of Montreal—valued nt moro than $640,000,000—is RESPONSIBLE for the payment of the PRINCIPAL and of the INTEREST of these bonds, which RAN K ABOVE all other MORTGAGES.
NOTE : In every part of the Province of Quebec we have representatives or correspondents who will be glad, on demand, to give any additional information desired to interested parties.
_
asthma or coughing since 1 took the fourth closes of your remedy."
Sufferers should secure a .supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw -ville 1 hug Co., Shawville, Que ; Con-longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que.; .1. L Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ut ta-or direct from the manufacturer, W. K. Ritchie, Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 75c. |>er bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
live
In ancient times the Tagliamento
van known ns Tilaventus.
“The Llvenza, like the Tagliamento. „ s on#» of many streams which rise in 2 he Carnic Alps and flow through the lelta region of Venetta. It* course is lot more thau seventy five miles In ength. but It has numerous tributaries, ! hief among those on the east being he Mednna, the Flume and the Slle, I vhile the Montlcaao and the Meschia affluents of the west bank, mint at which the Llvenza mingles Its with the Adriatic is only 228
wa
Bristol Council Minutes
Bristol, Que., April 2. 1918. The Municipal Council of Bristol met
Present — Mayor
t|# tedlvus be
J r»y
ou
IKistagv
Circulars on request.
he
in ravisions a* impressively,
nu the above date t ampbell and councillors Hendci Horner, Mvlx*lhui and Killoran.
Minutes of last meeting read and dopted on motion of couii'. Me Lei la u mid Henderson.
Are
DOO TAX NOTICE
Notice is hereby given to all person* living in the Municipality ot Clarendon, who own dogs, that taxes on same are now due, and must be paid to tbe undersigned before May 1st, next.—dogs $1.00, hitchc* $4.00 each.
SOI
tbe
RENE-T. LECLERC
The
ire
Invkstmknt Banker
vater*
uile* northeast of Italy’s priceless
iewel city. Venice.
“The plain lying between the poral-eï courses of the Tagliamento and the Jvenza is dotted with Italian towns if great historic and art Interest. Thief
• tnoog
Iraphaphon*	Ar. Qlft |f h. f.ntus Naonls of the ancleot». hut
Wsmsni Fr.n.h Officer ReqUMU	Now many miles from the sea; Porto-
¦•wllnn Equipment fer Hi# Men.	| jniaro, Sun Vito, Azzano an«l the ru ns
,f Concordia Saggittarla, the ancient
For the amusement of soldiers prob- |Roman military station.” i kl y no mere unique donation mas been nade than that of $50 from a woman	Work and Play.
'or grophaphone records to equip a Variation of types of work properly ank. There Is something groteeqaue nijusted will often substitute for what ibout music emanating from this weird * generally known ss play, says the ron caterpillar, states a trench corre- %>w York Times. For Instance, one's ipondent.	1 main center may become weary at a
Other donations have not lacked an | nonotonoue occupation, and a decided dement of the picturesque, as. for In- *hnnge of occupation, notwithstanding ; ta ace, the supplying of a hospital In jit he what we usually call work, will 3arls which was filled with African permit the first brain center Involved coopers, with 700 fans. They were so U0 rest while another works ippreetated during the summer that nme hark to the fact that what most he hospital appealed for more. An [wv>p1e regard as play Is an occupation iccordlon was sent to fill m specific jthat they are not required to pc -m. lemand.	md. It would seem from a psychology
One French officer requested games ' leal standpoint to give greater r<‘*t if or his men. What sort ? In one regl- ,it he an occupation that Is psrticu - v nent In which most of the soldiers useless from the standpoint of produe-
of families the prefer- I ing economic résulta. Therefore lh, re
dioul.l he time set aside In the wo )f the day. no matter whether It he varied or not, when the environment be changed and play should he
160 St. James St.,
Montreal.
(Established 1901).
Telephone t Main 1260 6c 1261
K. T. HOGGINS.
Sec.-Trens.
SUSIC FOR THE WAR TANK
li
23.1
FOR SALE
That
Motion
1 stack of Clover Hay,
1 span Horses, aWut 2800 lb*.. young and sou nd ;
t Holstein Bull, (reg.) rising 2 years; 50 White Leghorn liens,
1 McCormick Seeder, (N disc) as, good as new ; also a quantity of good seed
R. R. No. 1, Shaw ville.
Shawville Council Minutes
l>eyond the resolution na**ed by the Ward on December 7th. 1914, to the effect that Mr. Hynes be paid the sum of $.1.5 per annum, in view of no subsequent arrangement having Wen entered into.—Carried.
Motion—Dale and Smith—That the following officers lie appointed for the year 1918 :
Dr. Powles and Win Chisnell, health officers :
J. F. Dale and R. A Dale, Rural lii-
s;#ectors :
H. S. Burnett and R T. Hodgins, auditors.—Carried.
Motion —Shore and Smith—That Bylaw No. 76 of the reconls of this Council, re. Gambling, be re published.—Car-
il
to
Regular meeting of the Municipal Council of Shawville held Tuesday, April 2nd, 1918. Present-Pro-Mayor Cowan and Councillors Smith, Geo. W. Dale and Shore.	.	*
On motion of Shore and Smith the minutes of last regular meeting as rend were confirmed.
Letter of J. R. Horner re. flooding of his lots taken into consideration.
Motion—Smith and Shore That the Council would like Mr. Horner to define the nature of the damages caused by the flooding of lots in question More further consideration of bis claim be given by this Council.- Carried.
Motion—Smith and Dale— That the following bills be paid printing and advertising, $20.75	1	¥.
Hodgins Co., cement, $7.12.—Carried.
In regard to the question of hall rent, the Secretary having explained that Mr. George Hynes had made a demand for #50 for last year’s rent,—it was moved by cou ns. I>ale and Smith that -this I Council is of the opinion it cannot go
Motion
HUGH BROWNLKF,
rhat
: he Secretary order a road grader from the Sawyer-Massey Co. for the use of hat portion of Bristol township lying north of the 9th con. line, and that a -jiecial tax lie imposed on that portion ,f the township to pay for same ; also hat he order a new blade f«»r the old
- radvr.
Motion
Killoran - H ender.v *n
COWS
Will Be Impounded.
But we
Complaints Laving been made fo the council of th% nuisance caused by cows running at Urge in the village ; the ow ners of sack animal* are requested to keep them within bounds in future and thereby confirm to the resolution of council |iasse< 1 some years ago, and which is still in force. Neglect to do this will result in all stray cows Wing im|*>undeJ and fees collected.
By order S. E. HODGINS,
ried
That
Ki liman inspett the different ridge# in the township on the Canyon ver and Dam creek before the drive of and pulpwood comes down this
McLellan - Horner
Councillors G. W. I We, hhore and Smith wen tppointed j| committee, w ith power to undertake any gravelling or other road improvement# necessary.—Carried.
J. A. Cowan
to form a road
• mn
jrere fut tiers
for some reason or other, whs or bow ling. The trench, It must seem, lo«a not make a had alley If a few mils and pins will liven s dull period. 'oKslbly a change of noise Is agree* able I
nee
•gs
spring \1
riiis Gmncil adjourn
On m-itum the Council then ad journed.
That
Header*mi McLellai
may
raken uo
Sec. Trea*.
8. E. HuDWXK
G. T. Dkummonp
Sec. Treas. Bbgwvilk, April 2, 1918
Sec.-Trea
###PAGE###5###
4
4
4
wnrtce is Just like the midday lunch »eck home.
The new method, which le to be In-lulled on ell of the big bettleeblpe, re* dices the old system of meesmen and oees units, says Milestones. Then all it the food for the meal was piled on he plates at the tables by the mjj nen and the Job of serving the entire mit was completed before the men were “piped down" to their cooling 'ood.
Surely hot food. In the amount you vaut and of the kind you want, must >e an Improvement over the old mess. Hit Juggling a troy loaded to the gun-voles with beans and corned beef and tread and coffee, on the rolling waves oust be something of n line art.
THE EQUITY,
This in the store that can supply you witij your requiremeuts in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done
4 Weekly Journal denoted te lata htereoto.
1
ELEPHANT PAINT
\[ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
M, ssfmrPTrow, $1 iYhar in Advance
a# All arrears muet be paid up before
any paper is discontinued.
Give us a call
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Belts bought at highest prices.
o
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st Insertion ami 5 cents per Une or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at the i ite of H cents per line for first insertion ,uv| 5 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received	|n*
.•actions accompanying them will be in-rted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-Jlshed free of charge. Obituary poetry doollned.
What Elephant Paint means to the woman who loves her
home.
To her Elephant Paint means Brightness, Cleanliness and Good Cheer.
Or. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
Our Pensioners In England.
In his way, John Davis, who died at ils Bermondsey home In Blue Anchor Lane—an Appropriate address for am >ld sailor—did much useful work on lehalf of Englishmen who, like hi raie! f, had fought In the American Civil vur, relates a writer In the Westminster Gazette.
There are something like 150 of hese men still living In this country ? md John Davis was instrumental In •esculng many of them from the work-louse and getting them pensions, vhlch the United States government vas always willing to pay If it had mown where to find the men.
On the last occasion I chatted with he old man In his little parlor, fur-ilshed like a ship’s cabin, he told me if a rumor that the pensions were ta >e stopped unless the men returned ta America, but he wrote later to say hat this rumor was qulta without 'oundvtlon.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
nil
si*
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
Ml kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Whether its the outside of the house to be painted, or the kitchen floor and walls, or the hardwood floors to be varnished, or the woodwork or the furniture to be stained, she knows that she will find in Elephant Paint exactly what she wants and The Best.

i
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
Professional Cards.
Custom Sawing*.
DR. A. H. BEERS
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbklls Bat • • Qvk. Doctor of Medicine and MasterofSurgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of HAcenthiie^of Dental Surgery, Quebec
World'# Rubber Production.
Early In the war England established an embargo on crude rubber, and through her control of the far Boater* rubber plantations was able to make II effective. Rubber manufacturers later were permitted to obtain crude rubber in their written agreement to withhold shipments of rubber or rubber products from the central powers and certain neutrals. The shipments of crude rubber to this country is still contingent upon the observance of this agreement.
The world's rubber production for this year Is placed at 250,000 tons— about double the production at the beginning of the war. About 60 per cent is used In the United States.
COLORITE
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 0. 1 \ a. in Lv(B) “	“	3.30, p. in
Ottawa—Maniw a ki
Lv (B) ( >ttawa < ml i. i". p. m.
Lv Ottawa Broad Ht. 8.25, a. ni. on Tuesday, Thursday
Colors old and new Straw Hats.
The magic liquid that makes last year’s straw hat look like new. If your hat is old and
Make it as
8. A. MACKAY
ind Saturday only.
Shaw ville—Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.28, a. in.
( >tta wa —Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 8.55, a. ru Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10 50, \>. m (>ttawa —Winnipeg —Vancouver :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St. 205, a. m.
NOTARY PUBLIC
— — - Quo*
soiled don’t throw it away good as new and any color you like, Waterproof and durable, dries in 30 minutes.
Shawville.
a. j. McDonald o. c. l.
ADVOCATE, BAMUTEI, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Ott V— Pembbok k
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, |>. in.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. in. on Monday, Wednesday
tnd Saturday only (A) Daily.
Vain Thought.
•You are looking thin, Gadspur.” “That's true."
“Appetite poor?"
“Very. I was Just thinking that If my appetite for food were oue-tenth
THEY HAVE A DARK SECRET is voracious as my furnace's appetite
-------- fer coal, I would soon be tipping the
Husband and Brether-ln-Law Feast | scales at 200 pouuja." and Smash Piece of China, Which Is Mysteriously Replaced
C. F. HODGINS CO. L TD.
(B) Daily except Sunday
For fBit bp! particulai - apply t «.
C A. L TVCKE1L Agent, Shawvilh
N<»te
(CjdUily except Monday
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K.G.
FRUIT TREES aqd PLANTS
FOR SPRINC PLANTING.
AO*
A )VOCATEi BARRISTER ,
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
196 Main St. - Hull.
We need no further introduction than the fact that %ve have been In the Nursery business SIX 1 V ONE \ KARS, and arc now prepared to meet existing conditions by offering our high grade trees and plants direct to customers at Rock Bottom Pukes.
Send for our illustrated circulais of
lmr.lv v.iriot 1rs which you run order dir rwdniiHlIy one of tlirm doe* osonpe the ect and save the agent's commission, of j keenest vigllunce and flourishes wllh which you get the benefit. Our prices M|| (be old-time mystery, according to
THK (HASH BROTHERS CO.	Mrs. Miller has a set of cldiuiware,
of Ontario. Ltd., Nurserymen. the real creamy ware that the light Established 1 ho *	ehines through. It li very old. Mr».
Miller Inherited It. She also inherited the proud right to boast that not one piece had ever been broken.
Mrs. Miller went away. Mr. Miller entertained his brother-in-law while she was gone. There were other relatives that lie might have entertained, but In an unguarded moment lie chose And now the British Mesopotamian his brother-in-law. army has captured Hebron. 20 mile# from the birthplace of Christ, obaervea the Wichita ((Ran.) Beacon. r	, More than 83 centuries ago Joshua,
Lou X“/w Mpjt^.nd B%d acimr of
PiauSf Linen,Boundaries, See.	taring Hebroe and putting Its king to that had been left out for his use and
Executed canetuliy to the	eatlefao- death. In one of the battles he found	there was really nothing that would	I	The Sound of Oune.
tlon of partie#.	the time was too short and so he com-	contain it. A wild spirit of revelry	, Conflicting statements have been
¦ |	| | |-|	|	I mended the ana and moon to atasd seized Mr. Miller.	| nade from time to time as to the dle-
“ still while his men fought.	j “We will do the thing up right," he mnee at which the guns can be beard.
Forty years before, Moses was lead- shouted.	>n a still night, when an easterly
- |ing the children of Israel out of Egypt He went boldly Into the china closet >reexe le prevailing, says a writer la to this promised land of Canaan. He §q<| brought out the very largest plat* he Dundee Advertiser, I have heard sent out spies, who were overawed by ter.	he dull thud quite distinctly In South
the giant sons of Anak whom they saw When the roeal was ended, Mr. Mil- London. It Is this disquieting sound, at Hebron. All but Joshua and Caleb J ,er.s brother-in-law suggested dish ‘ot less than the din of an occasional Embalmer and Funeral Director |gav# unfavorable reports, and the	nahiQr Mr. Miller did aot favor the	! ilr raid, which gives Londoners as
Lord was displeased at the perverse-	pient but Anally yielded to It against	I Acs how near the conflict really la.
nets and the credulity of the Israel-	ulg better Judgment. What happened	| Now records are being prepared which
Res, and decreed that they must wan- was qult# BSl|lral	«how the extent of the distance et
der 40 yeen In the wilderness.	The platter ,upped end fell end ! 'hloh the cans ere heard. Scientiste
“How are the mighty fallen." mourn- broke	it University college declare they can
fully sang David as a requiem for his	*	.. th	ft .. th f I >e distinguished at a range of 200
friend Jonathan, nearly 3.000 years	u prlde aDd	careI	!	nllea. This would include places	like
ago. and then he asked the Lord for	thai	nlght 0Q those twa mea	!	Warwick. Hall. Cromer. Brighton	mod
guidance. God commanded him to go	^ and	carried about with them	I	Weymouth. Sound travels at a	rite
to Hebron, and there he was anointed	* dark ^ret. for this is what they did	* about 1.000 feet a second, so	tAt
king of Judah and reigned seven years	cerrym, a pltce of that plat- the sound of the guns In Flinders
before going to Jerusalem.	ter, they wenl from on# chins store t# -eachee London about 12* minutes
And almost 40 centuries ago Abra- goother antll they found lta duplicate. I tfter the explosions occur.
ham built an altar It Hebron and	carried It home and brought In
there bought hla first land. There
warn burled his faithful wife Sarah, and also Isaac and Rebekah and Jacob and Leah and Joseph.
TT/^T.nTXTri, The bones of the shepherd patrt-
J Tj HODG’IW U irch*- of David, the sweet singer of V * "LJe 1-Lvyi-ru	^1 Israel ; of Joshua, the mighty warrior;
have crumbled and mingled with the sands of the centuries, but the world fights on over Its ancient battlegrounds, and mankind, like Sisyphus, rolling the great burden to the top of the hill, see# It roll back and create another task.
But mankind has learned reaching Hebron It refuses to be awed by the giants who bar the way to the promised land of world peace and freedom.
It Is a strange and wonderful drama that Is taking place on earth today.
Bidding fer Trouble.
These Women certainly do get away rlth It.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI $TER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Since the coming of the X-ray and the perfecting of the Bertillon system dark secrets have lost vogue. Yet oc
Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted)
Highest IVJarket Prices Paid.
I have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned while you wait, at 10c. per cwt. for coarse grains.
Never in the history ot our country was it more necessary to sow good seed and to sow only that which will grow.
Get your seed ready before the rush. You will need every hour in seed time.
Who would suspect the supreme •ourt of New York having pronounced rlews on the equality of the sexes? Tut here Is Justice Ooff, comments the 3t. Paul News, who not only admits hat a woman may practice law, but Inlists that she is Just like other lawyers.
Mary L. Lilly rose to address the wurt. “Are you u member of the isr?” queried the Justice.
“Yes, yonr honor," the lady replied. "Then you should remove your hit. Ike all other lawyers."
This little dialogue merely shows hat the court values the “woman's prerogative" of changing her mind. Not imny years ago Dr. Mary Walker warn n trouble with the coarts because she One night they made a feast. They I wanted to wear trousers, "like all other baked a grout number of things all in ! loctors." Now what would Justice one pan. when It came out of the }0fr decide if Lawyer Lilly carried his oven It seemed to demand that It | idvlee to a logical conclusion and should all be served on one plate. Mr. .ame into court In regular male attire, Miller looked over the supply of dishes «like all other lawyers?"
Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed lay and Shawville every Saturday.

Ontario
Col borne.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
FOLLOW CAMPAIGN OF JOSHUA
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec
191 MAIM ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
HULL
British Army Duplicates Victory of Head of Israelite Hosts, Marching Over the Same Ground
WM. HODGINS.
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION * PROVINCIAL UNO SURVEYOR
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Hr Li
lftl NVkllinutox 9t. . -
Phone : Queen 3330.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
11
GEORGE HYNES
Main Street,Shawville.
Personalittention.Openallhours.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
UNDERTAKING
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
and EMBALMING
W. J. HAYES
SPRING OVRCOATS
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. II.Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonal attention
This weather you will find you will fiud your Winter Coat too heavy. We anticipated your requirements by stocking some nice Spring Coats in greys and blacks. Prices from £10.00 to £10.00.
The Soldier's Life.
Sergeant Finnegan was all dressed up and looked It. He was stationed at Fort Ttlden—which Is away among the sand dunes on the far end of Rocks Point—snd he wss going to take
a woman to wash It and replace It oa the shelf of the china closet Now when Mrs. Miller entertains her friends and one of them says C envy you these beautiful dishes, and It Is ao remarkable that not one has ever been broken," Mr. Miller and his brother-in-law sit with a far away look .a their eyes and a dark secret la their seals.
"How
way
a day off. writes a camp correspondent.
“Good-by, fellers," he shouted. “Ife going to be • cold night. Me for a warm bed at home tonight." Aad he started on e run for the boat waiting
Our Ready-to-wear Clothing
is especially attractive to the man who wants to be well dressed.
AOKNT FOH
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
at the pier.
He had got a bent 28 yards along when he heard : "Sergeant Finnegan." The voice was the voice of his company commander, and the sergeant turned and went back and stood at salute. The captain spoke:
“You will distribute the underwear this afternoon and bring over the stoves which arrived at the barracks this morning."
- QUE.
SHAWVILLE
•ecveelfe Alee Afleat There isn’t a chance of dodging hem any more, either on land or oa »ea. The sailor boys on the Ü. S. 8. Vew York form In line between decks iad, tray In hand, select their food at he counter of the ship's servself. ? ilackboard over the counter lists the sill and In all other respecta except the sreeeoce of the rrasnlnz cashier the
We build Suits to fit.
Upon
R
MURRAY BROS
UY SECURED
"4
In all countries. A#k for our INVENTORS ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION 6 MARION.
364 University SL. Montréal.
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
###PAGE###6###
1981	« 11®
™" "" v,M,|âBHîB^ ' "to ....................................- - - «	_
vient. The pioneer* know tht lost.	are ^ktw. ca„d|date* for the madhouse The driver who persists in opérai- 1 ^ majority of modern motor
The Progress of War.	Whines When Outlook Blacken»— or lbe idiot aiiyjum.”	Ing his motor car at high speed» may	th<fir maximum efficiency
¦.....
under protecting helmets that turn	On the l -Boat».	by the Allies), appears this somewhat which natural mechanical law* levy dj on the make of car and con-
HH I 11 those who line the trench into gro-	German newspapers vacillate in different sentiment:	I upon hia car. Here are ten reason» n of tbe road. Within this
When France smashed forward tesque figure# of sonic mediaeval ; .	«ititude toward the war they are “The people are rousing themselves, why it is expensive, dangerous, a t	0f	any accident that may
against the Loretto Ridge, the little hoiror. Men go "over the top" with,™!. ner.im.t civilization A study For nearly four years they have been inconsideraate of others to speed.	not like]y t0 he serious; it n
Souche* literally ran red with blood. bulktH whining around them, over-	*	* lls an heroic but some- the mute sufferers, they have sacri- Tire* last about twice us long on a ^ enough not to be "poky.” and the
Now the river is clean again, but runs whelm an enemy post and stealing j^1	‘ * . ^^termination to de- deed blood and treasure, they have car that is driven at 15 miles an wir ^	^ good service over a long
through a wilderness, and Souches ; through opposing wire are into hostile .^hat	t0	thvir render, that Ger-	been subjected to privations untold	«„ upon cars driven at SO ™lle9 a"	iod	of	time
church is a tumbled mass of ruins, trenches with knobkvrrya and vevol-	™	.	. in9t Rn outraged	! they have been all but famished; and	hour. Speeding generates heat, which
Under its shadow are the nameless Vevs. t itles and bombs and grenades j ™ ^ Sunu of the newspapers main-1 now they have had enough of suffer- is an enemy to rubber.	^ Gaaolinv Economy,
graxes of France, says a correspond- for ten minutes of hell. Then they u^1	: ientu. tbat all the tigers in ing. They demand in a voice of com-1 Driving a car around a sharp corner u;n(whe high cost of living has béent on March 15th. The shrine of Out* come hack with their prisoner* and .	.	. decided to prowl in mand—no longer of entreaty -peace, at 25 mile* an hour doe* more damage	seriously to include the price of
I ady of Lorette upon the ridge no -nu casualties'’-or with thvir prison-,11	f , d godlike valley* of freedom, bread!	to the tires than 20 miles of straight ..	% have been seeking to de-
longer knows the worship of the poo- evK they bring back their own wound-	/	botbvr# makv reluctant	“Away with all official subterfuge!	rofl(| work. Excessive side pressure	’	and	means	by which	a
pie of little villages, for what were vil- Vi\ and their dead. A patrol goes out ,	,e*	' •'	nt tbat is difficult to	The speeches of the government's men	on tires may pinch the tubes, and it	.	mileuge	can	he obtained.	Af
lages are mounds of broken stone and and returns with prisoners- or it may *1	, |f ajj tbe reBt ef the ring with phrase* concerning the right always strains the side walls of the	, experiments have proved
waste. Tradition says that when the „ot return. A battery position -shell- ¦ *f »	,)C wrollg end on)y Germany of self-determination of the peoples cssings.	fUCCC„ful that 1 will give them for
church canto first under heavy bom- V<1 intermittently all day - is shelled	Well, then, the (terman people are High gpeed8 are likely to cause .. benefit of other motorUv.sj^H I
Raniment the French poilus toiling again at night. The daily commit •,	\	• of the ncw*pnpers fluctuate ' ready to show what they understand skidding and breakage of springs and ,f on will remember (o leave the
,n thvir trenches, made another, an nique tells little to the uninitiated. | thv new# from the front*. When by these word*.	.	, « steering gear, any of which are dan- cuVout open whep coasting along
thly shrine, for Our Lady unde The war is too big for incidents.	things go badly there are guarded “If in the high places the voie» f geroUs when speeding.	i dulating country roads the engine
their own parapet and so worshipped So the days and nights pass. Be- *	« * ainat annexations and in- the people is heeded m l will be well, j ,n ^portion to the mileage obtain-	he cut off completely without
until they died in then thousands to hind the ridge are the graves of	when thl, wa, god seems to if not, machines will be stopped, hi h speed. - require more gaso-!{ J „f bursting the muffler. The
wm a ridge. That ridge is won, but France »nd Lrnpire. Beyond the r dge ««*	^	, Empires there are workshops and factories will be de- , ,nd oj| than a moderate rate of * exertion 0f energy to th*ow the
agts to those behind thorn is one of the submarine.	disciplining the German people, says ing.	tural impetus of the car wu -
Ad over this area from I.omto	* Xhev will do their work. It	“Dastardly Attacks.	former	United States Ambassador	A high rate of travel over earth,	much further than one realize .
Ridge and on to Arras are trench and ,.p ^ dmiewell. They ask that those	Angry protests appeared in most of	Gerard in My Four Years in Germany,	gravel, or macadam roads	results in	A strong spark may be	emv oy	i
British and Canadian cemeteries. Can-, ^ home shou1d tight with them; be of the newspapers against the bombing is by the Rat system. Rut means excessive dust and ia injuries to the strengthen the motive po^er of tne udian soldiers ic sue >> si e wi \ ic ^iejr spjrjt; share their courage; hack 0f German cities by the French and ' councillor, and is a title of honor giv-, road.	gasoline. Inexperience* '	. » w
dead ot Britain ami lra,u e; Ve**! . I them up.	English. Bomluirdments of railway cn to anyone who has attained a cer- High speed interfere with the accu- often leave their spark
a little cross ol stone. Its anting tt >	-0- Nations and barracks, which have been tain measure of success or standing in racy Gf steering, as i* shown by the its point of highest efficien > ,
lîœn.-'Âr
.. .irn-. enclosed with .ti 1 ar I -_	and the seizure by Germany of Bus- architect or builder, a buildii Rat; a Mm| uf the driver and also of other devices I am getting an ****** u
piercing shells and crowned with a	The cost of a doctor s visit in l hum	sm|]	u,rritory the press gathered new	keeper of the archives, an archive Rat;	,)a,sengt. 8 j„ the car.	miles to the gallon from	nty	•	k
great cross. Only a few days ago the	ranges from 5 to 10 cents. One would	,	, opiimlsm. The newspapers,	and s0 on. They are created in this	Finttlly it is „ menace to	the pleas-	Six."- A B.
commander of the Canadian Corps and think that, inasmuch as they arc so	whoiead. them carefully, are Lay: first. „ man become, a plain
General Byng. another well beloved cheap, nobody would be without doc- t mirror of the German tempera- Rat; later, he becomes a secret Rat,	„
leader, and many men of Oanadn and tor's visits in China, but. as a fact. t gg jt ,g understood by the aver- or privy councillor; still later, a secret INTRODUCING TOMMY ATKINS, of trench and sit underneath
EHS23EÜ ifE2SLr.Hr	xrïtr £
m 1 mmm
end be written, it will not come until j buried my love in a grave one day fleet afloat the moment the banner of that make up so much of the social p ]( ^ nveragc Tommy into a
the enemy little rest. On the other O soul, that can plant, with faith, a this topic recently appeared in the Thp Socjal Democrats who of course j^quirmg. m no uncertain xoice, wnere get out until the ground and weather
side of Vimy, in Lena and Avion and	seed,	Hanover Kurler. It reads :	have declared themselves against the, " Quarter* Before him stands are warm'
along a white line that cannot be de- And trust it will grow and bloom. "Me are entirely at a loss to un- exigting system of government and in 1	buttressed mayhap with
fined, the captains and the subalterns Why mourn in despair, that God had derstand the mentality of so many favor Qf a republic, can receive no dis- 1.. p '	V H ; tb i i
znJrts rL, w.„,1	srari*	srstkt
& i isrs^rs-*sa » ». - - -•«—- —, %=  « srrrtfc.t s	i 5
isisi Epii rnwmmm® mmm
CREAT MEMORIAL
OF STONE
IN
and safety of others who uaed the
cars
ridge heroes
ure
< rv H-i’row ncd C olumn, Girdled by Spent German Shell#, Lasting Tribute to Canadian*.
I
I
un
eai
cross
know n dead of the Republic
Yimy Ridge Memorial
At
off. and
and Men of the Canadian Corps Artillery,
at leisure to think about “they
Tomatoes,
“We stood in a circle around the adventurous dead. I have rarely attended so moving a scene—this brave comrade, so beloved by all, one of the first

Do Moor swoppwo \
Wl /vr presentüI
ynliue. conditions \
so pleasant. \
i\ oo vf NOW AND PO )
\ It EARL'S, t IWuOS A^OlP 11 HORLM '6UR^-
1)0 SoOR SHOPPING
mow! at PRESenV.
yJHU-E COMOVWOMS
SO PLEASANT.
)t ROW AMD DO
It EARL'S
DoSoOR SHOPPING \
Mow! AT present!! \
WHILE CONWTIONSia
1 ARE so PLeASamTV'
Do Nook shopping ,
Now! AT Present!
O
L
ARB

0
ARE
’
w
<
A
n


z
z
z
%
>
/
/
«Ê
rr
i
m

%

#
i
/4Ë
/>
a

%
8

/

z
/

t
*•

a
###PAGE###7###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
%
BENZINE STOVE POLISH.
PARIS SHELLED BY HUN GUNS.
worn SALS
PAINT NOT A BITI
LIFT YOUR CORNS
OR CALLUSES OFF
Si>r îigtim©
Fashions
NI HAN HUNNMK UUCK POOS $1.80 l»er «
Murray,
«
II* I'm Ila* Led to Many Srriou*
Accident*.
Ha* been Canada »
Church, Dating From Middle Ages, Struck on Good Friday.
L. W.
f
Order to-day. ; Ont.
et ting. Harrow
ill
favorite yeatf for more than forty
W
KICK L Y NKWHPAI’BK IN WEST-	. La
em Ontario. I>olne a good bust. In the last eight yeara, according
LSV.?2 to the U.S. Bureau of Standard». Apply Hoa #2 Wilson Publishing there have been in that country more
1 —	¦ .... ¦¦'than 400 serious accidenta due to the
ELL KWUII'I'KU NKWHPAl’BR and
mm
There wae from the first a mystery regarding the purpose, the military necessity, of the big gun which the Germans have been firing on Paris, the gun which has added “a new page to the fame and history of Krupp,” and which was “an achievement of German science and labor," for which the Kaiser has expressed his imperial thanks.
From its position in the forest of St. Gobain, it had intermittently dropped sheila into the French capital. But Paris was depopulated of soldiers except the wounded and the invalid after tho beginning of the offensive on the western front. The shells hud not fallen upon the defences of the city; they had wrecked small buildings in the outskirts or dug holes in the pavements, causing less damage than the usual aerial bombardments.
Persistence and practice that could profit from failure improved the marksmanship of the gunners. Good Friday one of their shells was dropped on a Paris church, demolishing the building, killing seventy-five persons and wounding ninety;
“The shell struck the north side of the church, bringing down part of the roof and opening a breach twelve feet t .. high and twenty feet wide. Nearly
.2 boy. 8 McC.llT.tt/m No0^/ a" the debris ,eU inWard Up°n the Boy’s Suit. In 4 sizes, 2 to 9 years.
Price, 16 cents.
No humbugl Apply a few drops then Just lift them away with Angers.
market
rash
ï».
yean.
Enough for 3c. to

Co
o
YV
This new drug Is an ether com '	1	Turt,i%"%!tk
pound discovered by a ^ «'lncInnaM	L,d^Tor^^ t	IOi	^ÏvÎnUg.•
freezone, and can now_miscellaneous _____ of causing the polish to dry quickly—
be obtained In tiny bot- pANciit TUMokh, lumps BTO. a point that strongly recommends it ties «« here shown at V Journal -^^t.rnal^cur.d wlfc ^ housewives. The danger is so
very llttlo cost from any ue before too int« Dr. Helimae Mwdicai grcat, however, that, say the U.S. drug store. Just ask ' ^ J lrw>t<w| CoHtnawonA- OM_Government experts, it should be ban-
%T%od,S,; nWKorfheS^dYear.
upon a tender corn or In feeding young children no sud- ^ „fh usua|ly K,ate thut it shoul,l callus and Instantly the den changes should he made in the ^ ^ U8e(| „„ a h()t „tove. I$,lt thi«
disappears diet unless ordered by a physician. w(irnin(r iR likely ,0 b„ ignored; and Shortly you will find New foods should bo introduced one at #yen |f thp gtoy, be cold> there may the corn or callus so a time, and only a little fed for the ,|p d r frnm „„ np,,n ,igh« in the'
4 R==-"5SS»BæS^2=^5«5s
per day, the lay to be given at six minutes ionger to do the work
o clock and the baby then put to bed. |	__^_
A healthy child will usually make this ' change for himself. In the case of delicate infants it is sometimes better
they loosen and come right out. It Is lar*(r meals, giving the stomach time what g]r] ^ woman hasn’t heard of jn pjanning ornamental plantings
no humbug! It works like a charm.	to	f n	lemon Juice to remove complexion	for	home	grounds	remember	that both
For a few cents you can get rid of . Dunnfr thc second year e o o - blemishes; to whiten the skin and to the picture you see from the home
every hard com, soft corn or corn be- f0(>< 8 ™ay 6a e y	' bring out the roees, the freshness and and the picture the passerby sees
tween the toes, as well as painful	Broths, beef, mutton, anc	chic e 1,	the hidden beauty? But lemon Juice	from	the	street	must	be	considered.
calluses on bottom of your feet. It ,	m,lk fr<,m °> ster st<‘w	Ar c r^amt*!	,	alone Is add, therefore irritating, and
never disappoints and never burns, |	vegetable soups with	stale ;r**a	»	should be mixed with orchard white
bites or Inflames. If your druggist	toast or crackers; baked potatoes,	s	lh|B way strain through a fine cloth
hasn’t any freezone yet, tell him to wt,,! shredded meat if there are the Juice of two fresh leftions into a get a little bottle for you from his plenty of teeth; creamed carrots, ^tle containing about three ounces wholesale house.	. i mashed fine; baked apples, prune pulp, of orrhard white, then shake well and
tapioca pudding, the juice from roasts you bave a whole quarter pint of skin or steak on bread or potato; chopped Rnd corapi*xton lotion at about the spinach, and always eggs and plenty coat ^ usually pays for small jar |
Be sure to I

f*WtiicoMiwil,n p,ot,uce 50
fc^oWQWTO »
loaves of fine
MADE IN CANADA wholesome DOUI
•0,
idling home made bread. Do not experiment, there is nothing just as good
%
t
1
• #•
EWGILLETT CO. LTD

' '
TORONTO, ONT.
MONTREAL
soreness
mem
WINNIPEG

i
the fingers.
Not a twinge of pain, soreness or irritation; not even the slightest smarting, either when applying freezone or afterwards.
if

Peas should
an accurate person, have all manured ground and if carefully sown will not need thinning. Plant in double rows, staking tall WHITE, SOFT, CLEAR varieties with brush between the rows -------	as soon as the plants are up.

n
LEMONS MAKE SKIN
Make this beauty lotion for a few cents and see for yourself.
Mlnarde Liniment for sale everywhere.

V
• heads of the worshippers sixty feet be-
low.
“The edifice is now a heartrending eight. The enormous mass of stone, crumbled into all shapes and sizes, lies in the middle of the nave and piled to about the same height as the high altar, which was not damaged. The side aisles are littered with less cumbersome wreckage and the pavement is covered with gray dust.
stained glass windows, some of which	---- ,„trtn_ of milk.	of ordinary cold cream
were of historical interest, are shat- In order to give some reco*l^,<?°.!. Never give tea or coffee to any gtraIn (he ]emon julce 30 no pu!p gets tered. The church, although begun in men wh° have done so much to j .d	at any age They do not need ,Bto the	tlien this lotion will
the Middle Ages, was remodelled in »P fln« record of emclency, • gtimulants, and the effect on the ner- remain pure and fresh for months, the epoch of the Renaissance. The	Canadian Pacific has decide on	vous system is very bad.	The proper	when applied dally to the face, neck,
beauty of its musical services, which	Pol,cy which should attract wdei	drjiik .g mjlk QJ, water	a quart of	armg and lland* lt should help to j
were sung unaccompanied, attracted	Merest. Hitherto on tli s co	milk a day in addition to	solid foods	bleach, clear, smootben and beautify i
many music lovers." ,	locomotives have been ldentb J# not too mU(.h	the gUjn.	|
Another victory that will have a	by number» only p	Give plenty of well cooked cereals, Ally druggist will supply three
place in the catalogue of Kultur’s "llkh h*8 £re\*.ed eIe ’	_ V rice, oat meal and wheat cereals. The ounces of orchard white at very little
on certain Lnglibh railways, r or me
I future It has been decided to name certain of the Canadian Pacific locomotives after the engineers, who by
meritorious conduct or by acts of	I__
'special bravery have, in the opinion Mnard’e Liniment Cure* Dandruff.
cf the management, earned.the right to special distinction.
Some of these names may even be taken from the 92 engineers who are • on the pension list, whose names breathe of long, meritorious, faithful
cases markedly dis-


*
tm
HEROES OF THE ROAD
All the



\
c/

:
H

BEFORE and AFTER
Using Cuticura

wheat cereals should be cooked in the cost an(j the grocer has the lemons, double boiler at least one hour; the oat meal two hours.
achievements with the aerial raids on London, the burning of the university and library of Louvain, the bombardment of the Venetian churches and art treasures, the wrecking of II Sante of Padua, the destruction of the Rheims Cathedral and the sinking of the Lusitania!

—*
Every boy should realize that, having received untold benefits from the freest and best government on earth, he holds his services in trust for the
z
The first thing to do in restoring dry, thin and falling hair is to get rid of the cause, viz.; dandruff, itching and irritation of the scalp. Rub Cuticura Oint-preservation of Democracy on which	ment into the stalpskin, especially spots
that government rests. Although he of dandruff and itching. Follow at may have to endure aching limbs and once with hot Cuticura Soap shampoo
" «.% --	sss
will be happy in the cons< lousness your every-day toilet preparations, that he has had a real part in winning the war.

Baking powder biscuit can be made with half flour and half corn meal.


FAMOUS MEN WIIO LOVED CATS

| A Dyspepsia Cure
And Declared That Their Company aud ln Was Conducive to Work.
some
Semple lech Free by Mali. A<M • %'utlcure. Dept. N, Uoitnn, L. S. A b> dealers throughout the world.
I i® McCall
4
MS
S M. D. advises: “Persons who •;
^ suffer from severe indigestion ^
•) and constipation can cure them- 0»
(m selves by talcing fifteen to z-thirty drops of Extract of Root» after each meal and at bedtime.
Seiner.OraL syrupin thedrug |	^	preventive
(e trade- Get the genuine. 50c •	hardening. Only half a teaspoon-
e) and $1.00 Bottles.	: (•	Gf cornstarch to two tablespoon-
W®S^StSîs)	fuis of salt is needed.
tingulshed service.
,	.	Over two thousand locomotives run
Had you any idea that some of our ^ the CanadIan Pacific service, with greatest men liked to have cats about Qver fWQ tfaousaud engineers. It is
. .	1it	i them, and even declared that they R(jt the intention to name every loco-
A simple dress, requiring vc y t could work better in their company. motlve at onC0f but oniy those in pas-
tle material indeed. Met all I altera Very often George Washington is geuger service, and to keep each name No. 8227, Ladies’ One-Piece Ih css. in sajd to have met visitors with a kit- ag a privilege and a reward. The idea 0 sizes, 34 to 44 bust. I rice. -J ten perched upon his shoulder, and ifl one ablch should appeal to every cents.	Daniel Webster adopted every stray	man who knows the value of person-
These	patterns	may	be obtained	cat he met.	allty In good railroading. It appeals
from your local McCall dealer, or Old Dr. Johnson rescued half-drown- to the C.P.R. because it will make for from the	McCall	Co.,	70	Bond St.,	ed kittens and took them home to his	efficiency and encourage that esprit
Toronto,	Dept. W.	study, where they were stuffed with	de ^ps which Is the keynote of the
good things till they looked like little	whole Canadian Pacific System. The
Why He Was Solicitous.	barrels.	j engineer doe» not think of his lot
mm*. mimmm
Curcton was lo«kmg °vei' h.s sermon ^ ^	^ dared him tQ £ome on “ new locotuotive, and for that reason
when his son asked anxiously. Fath ^d ^ gcratched	, he „ not much In love with any pool-
8t j	h ,w Inn»?” Dean Swift is the man who had two jng system, preferring to have one
holes cut in his study door, so that the engine at any rate "assigned ' to him
engine that he can almost call his own. Were ho to know that his favorite engine would eventually bear his own name, surely he would take greater pride than ever In work well done.
i
MONEY ORDERS
Dominion Express Money Orders are on sale In five thousand offices throughout Canada.


§



S
wV
1
$
Z3
y

%


IF'
«filltoEIEvu


Rheumatic Aches
Drive them out with Sloan’s Liniment, the quick-acting, soothing liniment that penetrate# thqpt rubbing and relieves the So much cleaner than
Kinard’e Liniment Cure# Burns. Etc.
A teaspoonful of sugar saved every day makes five pounds in a year.

4
a
I i
* v «-tuc
W1

t
mussy plaster» or ointment»; it doe» not stain the akin or dog the pores. Always have a bottle in the house for the aches and of rheumatism, gout, lum-etrains, sprains. Stiff joints all muscle soreness.


I

I
l
• • #
I m


7


nmm La go,
and «
X
7Z«
er, is your Jimmy, not very.”
“Well, about twenty minutes, I should But why?” “Because the boy*
*
'i
Generous lilt bottles St all druggist».
25c* SOt. $1.00.
cats might go in and out as they
¦ —• ! ET" 55- M
The story is told of Mohammed that being constantly followed by cats, which were attached to him, he one day cut away the sleeve of a hand-robe so that he might not dis-

soy.
50*
Getting the Moct
or©
Takes out the inflammation—
tom burns, inflimed cuts, scalds, braises. Hist •nd sunburn—piles and abscesses Works II
magic* ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
HIRST REMEDY COMPANY, Hamilton, Can
Devise schemes to make the sow j
Keep the sow grow-
Muy a boa—at dealers, or writs ms
take exercise.
Ing thriftily, but do not fatten.
*
________ _
Sloan’s prices not Increased 25c 60c $1
y
Very Slow.
For two years the most decorous courtship of Sandy and 'Lisbeth has slowly progressed. One Sabbath night, after a silence of an hour, ’Lisbeth murmured;—
“A penny for your
Sandy.”
"Weel,” replied Sandy, with boldness, “I was jist thinkin’ how fine it During the recerit German aerial at- wad be if ye were tae gie me a wee bit tack on Paris one of the enemy avia- kissie.” tors dropped a bomb which struck and j Xisbeth kissed him. damaged the embassy building of one of the Central Powers. Two days later the caretaker of the building requested the legation of the neutral Power representing the enemy country to present a bill to the French Government for damages done to the building.
France is asked to pay $900 for destruction by the enemy of his own property.
some
turb a sleeping cat that had taken refuge there.
SùLVKÏHlS PUZZLi
WOMAN WORKS 15 HOURS A DAY
AND WIN A PHONOGRAPH
3rd Prix-
*
j 1st Prise,
; I Phonogravh
PEKIN
OR1NST
SUNT
DANCY
RART.EM8
PO R PECS
Camera
BOMB OWN LEGATION.
thochts,
60 Prizes «
Belf-PllUn
Fountain
m
F.'. . >
Germans Ask France to Pay for Damage to Paris Buildings.
i
Wrist
, À 4$
Marvelous Story of Woman’s Change from Weakness to Strength by Taking Druggist’s Advice.
Peru, Ind.—" I suffered from b displacement with backache and dragging
down pains so badly tiiat at time#
I could not be on I	my feet and it did
1	not seem os though
V.	^ at*I could stand it I
FÈS _ P7 ^ tried di£ ent
medicines without any benefit and
several doctor# told me nothing but an operation would do me any good. My druggist told me of «1 Lydia E. P in k-Âlh ham'# Vegetable i	yr»—. mir Compound. I took
X	^ w‘t^1 the result
\(\ V X \ that I am now well A A \ and strong. 1 get up In the morning at four o’clock, do my housework, then go tea factory and work all day, come home and get supper and feel good. I don't know how many ef my friends I have told what Lydia E.
Kk
done
Watch
IF If
Pei
Hundreds of Other Prizes What Was In Johnny's Pocket?
I
! I Here is a list of the thirrrs that
Then twenty- | ^ tonf T^hn%i\A\\
to do to win one of these splendid
seven minutes of silence	HIHiH I I I HHi I
“An1 what are ye thinkin- «boot the I	«-arr.n,. th.abo^i.t-
noo, Sandy—anitner l	I Johnny’s pocket, and fulfil one simple
“Nae, nae, lassie; it’s mair serious «un^Um. ^	^ Bntrlnc.
the llOO.	-	I Every person sending In a correct
"Is it laddie?” asked TJsbeth, soft- I solution will be awarded a prize If
ly, her heart going pit-a-pat. "An'	,uT'hfl,le “LTO
-hit "“Awu*................. EyMsssa
Sandy, "that it was aboot time ye, I to merit. Neatness will be consider were paying me that penny for my I your An„wfr now to
thochtS.”	I BBLPAST SPECIALTY CO.. Dept. Z
Drawer S»l. St». P., TORONTO
These Days. Eat
tuain on your team.
EUREKA HARNESS OIL
Grape-Nob
“I was
"Lengthens leather life'
Is the best harness life insurance on the market. It overcomes the worst enemies of leather — water and dirt. Leaves your harness soft, pliable and waterproof. A pure mineral oil free from acids and cannot injure the leather.
Sold In etandftrd et**d packages by lift
»
AWheat Saver A Sugar Saver
A Milk Saver
Silver-Plating Fake.
The street faker finds ready sale for bottles of so-called “liquid sil-verplate.” To show how beautifully it works he takes a spoon or fork, much worn or perhaps of base metal, and dips it into the solution. Then, taking it out, he wipes it with a rag and loi it is bright and silvery.
Such solutions are sometimes advertised for “restoring silverware” in the home. Housewives buy them and the first results are pleasing
Unfortunately, however, the bright-quickly disappears and the “plating” wears oft. The stuff is not stiver at all, but mercury salts.
shoos neoi
I was cured of Acute Bronchitis by MINARD’S LINIMENT.
Bay of Islands.
I was cured of Facial Neuralgia by
MINARD’S LINIMENT.
Springhtll, N S.
I was cured of Chronic Rheumatism by MINARD’S LINIMENT.
Albert Co., N B. - *¦ W
/
i
J. M. CAMPBELL
IN
This "ready-to-eat
food also saves ¦ time and fuel. ¦
WM. DANIELS.
IMPERIAL OIL LIMITED
GEO. TINOLEY
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES
SHOE POLISHES
Ideal forWartime
ham’s Vegetable Compound has for me. "—Mrs. Anna Meteriano, 86 West 10th St. Peru. Ind.
Women who suffer from any such ailments should not fail to try this famous root and herb remedy, Lydia E. Pink* ham’s Vegetable Compound.
m «¦*
The man who grows more food adds to the wealth of the world; the who grows dollars may be adding only to his own wealth. t
MICA
ÔH OX BLOOb SHOES
PRESERVE the LEATHER

Prune and tie up the roses and syringe with tobacco to prevent insect attacks later.	_ .
ISSUE Nol VS—'ll.
###PAGE###8###
RASE (S) ABiMEE (S)
INSURANCE
The SùawYille Boot anû Shoe Store
XT TH K 1.0 W KH T KATKh IN HI R OLDEST AND BKST
y
What Leather Means To a World at War
I
COMPANIES.
No charge for Policy Fee.
VhI lor writv for KhIvm nnd Particulars.
E. PARIS, NSURANCE ACINT,
QUEBEC


M
m


has since been proven. If ever there was a time that a shoe should be made to yield up to the last atom of its usefulness, that time
is with us NOW.
Scarcity of leather, combined with high prices of other materials, make it necessary for us to handle shoes which go farthest, endure longest—as such we recommend
y
URECKENRIDOE
"Mode in Canada99


¦ I
TENDERS



lt i s w il be received h y the under-gned upto April 16th. for the office of re tan rifHMirer of ÜM Bristol Dairy ». Limited.
Wyman. Quo


1
t
I
\
HUGH ROSS
A Truck for, the Farmer

President»
For Sale
Three Purebred Ayishire Hulls :
1 2-year old 1 year old 1 Calf
\ppiy to david McDowell,
Slut w ville.
TTtARM equipment which will effect a time and labor-P saving, and therefore a money-saving, must be carefully considered by every good farmer now-a-days.
The farm wagon, which for years was the most useful of all farm equipment, is now being replaced on the best farms by a sturdy, dependable motor truck. The truck will haul any farm product—fruit, grain, vegetables, stock, fertilizer, or wood—around the farm, or to the town or city many miles distant, in half the time, and at a much lower cost
The Ford One-Ton truck is a rapid, economical and
rt. One of these on
à
The William’s Shoe
SI-3
i
FOR SALE
For Men, Boys, Youths, and
Little Gentlemen
1 Silo-12x28
Vow Stable Fittings, Flooring, Stalls ami Watering Outfit. Price $100, for silo and flooring.
(10 bags Swede Turnips. 50c
Apply to 1) THOM
n hag
The long life of them is not due to chance, but to the quality of the materials that are used in the making of them, combined with high-class shoe-making, so that users get out of them the best bit of good.
l»SON. Clarendon Front
very serviceable means of transpo your farm will save you weeks of time in a single season and will enable you to pass through a crisis of labor shortage with less difficulty.
The Ford truck is supplied as a chassis only. This permits you to select any of the many body styles especially designed for the Ford truck and already on the market Thus you can mount the one which suits your individual requirements.
Farms for Sale
!
No. 1 Hast half of IadI No. % 3rd range Clarendon, containing about 100 acres, of which 50 acres are under cultivation, at present in hay and pasture. Fretted thereon are a good comfortable dwelling house ; machine shop and granary ; good barn 30x40 ; two good cattle sheds and homo stable bnsli land timbered with spruce and •ed ir.
t
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Fifty acres of
Local and District.

Price $750 f o b. Ford, Ont.
Amateur* don't lay aside your kodaks during the winter, there are lots of interesting pictures van be made to send to the bt.>s at the front finishing a specialty.
No. 2. North Half of lx»t No. 20, 3rd range Clarendon, containing 100 acres, cultivated ; has been in hay and pasture during the past year. Good house, good barn and good stables. Fenced around end and side with wire.
These two Farms are one mile from Fortage du Fort railway station ; 2j miles from saw mill, two churches, cheese factory and school. The soil is rich loam.
The April issue of Hod and Cun
is replete with interesting stories
and articles for the out of doors* Among the stories appear-
\ matvur
H. 1m IRON,
Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies
G
man
Ing in this month's issue an lowing the Fur Hearers” by Hon nycastle Dale “
Wolf Hack h> A. W Peek
Job” by Marvin Leslie Harwood; “ Just Fishing” by Mark C. MeKI-hinny; “ A Soldier Fisherman” by Helen Outhrie; *' A Trip down Peace River* by Harry La ugh y ; “The Way of the Mighty" by II C. Haddon; “Rivers of the North by Mabel Burkholder, etc., « tv.
The regular departments are well maintained, those devoted to fishing, guns and ammunition, kennel, etc., being of special interest to sportsmen featuring these particular branches of sport and outdoor life. This representative ('an-adian sportsman's magazine is published by W. J. Taylor. Woodstock. (hit.
Pol
X
# j#
a
0
Si
The Mysterious
The
NOTICE
Three of the many body styles that may be mounted on the Ford truck chcuaii
1 hereby give notice to my customers and the public generally, that 1 intend closing in y Hlaeksinith Shop on the 1st of May nyxt until fiirtlu
Further particulars and terms nmy Ik h id on application to
Shawville Motor Go.
Dealers - Shawville.
JAMES HAUT, Portage tin Fort
r notice.
J. A. HEN NICK,
Shawville
36 3iu
TARIFF OF TOLLS to be collected during season 1918 by The Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited,

In Memoriam.
in loving memory of Lance Corp. John J Howard, who was killed in France at the battle of Vi my Ridge, April 9th, 1917.
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., lor this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
For use of Improvements :
One year has passed since that sad day, Since one we loved was called away ; Can we e'er forget the one we loved sc
dear Î
No, no ! -the voice that now is still Keeps ringing in our ear.
Tread softly, friends, where Johnnie sleeps
Saw-logs, 17 feet and under in length, per 1,000 feet board measure......................................
10 CtS.
Court of King s Bench
Last Tuesday the preliminary hearings of two murder charges at Bryson, where the criminal term for this county was ouened by His Honor, Mr. Justice Weir. Tun cases altogether are up for hearing, including the two murder chin ges. The men accused of murder are V. X. Chausse, who is alleged to have shot and killed Baptiste Lavoie at Green Lake, north of Fort Coulonge, oil Oet. 27th last, and Aurele \ endette, charged with the shooting of Paul Miron and his son, farmers, near Snake Creek, in the Mattawa district, last fall.
After the cases had been placed in the hands of the grand jury the court was adjourned till Tuesday of this week.
Heel and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or Matted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, t>er 1,000 feet board measure ..........
Red and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet board measure..................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or wauey board, per 1,000 cubic feet....
Pulp wood, tier cord..........................
124 "
MKS. H. W. Howard
lu “
Co. H. M. Club Annual Meeting
15o	“
10 "
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
The annual meeting of the Homemakers Clubs of Pontiac County will 1ki held at Bristol on Wednesday, May 8th, commencing at 10 o'clock, a. in. Will all Secretaries kindly send in their annual report and dues of their branches to the County Secretary as soon as possible.
Dover’s Clothes.
\HBIK PrITCHAND,
Vo. Hec.-Treas., (j. H. t
>
Call and have a talk with
us
The Boys know that Dover’s Clothes are the smartest they Can wear.
BY-LAW
Prohibiting Gambling in
Shawville.
B. J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
Province of Quebec.
Municipality of Shawvillt
HIT-LAW No. 70.
Whereas it is deemed expedient that a by-law be passed for the suppression of gambling within the limits of this municipality :
He it therefore enacted, ami it is
hereby enacted	,	....
I That gambling of every de l	Dla"‘‘ s».PPly Lompmny. Limited,
"1 a s s.rra.s ». ÆSsSsSS
, — I’aVeiy person participating baud In his new western home wee et district de Pontine, demande;-in or being an onlooker at any mrprteed to flod that among the young esse, vs. I/mis Rionriet, ci-devant game or play or chance being	0f y,e place he had the reputs- cultivateur, du canton Latulipe,
played or conducted tor money, or y00	“tb# meanest men ever dits comté et district, et inaiiiten-
valuable consideration, shall	wishing to know the reason, ant de lieux inconnus, défendeur.
ggpps mmM «ms?
twenty dollars ($20) shall be im- ®âri 1¦,R“ k ' "°
|x>sed, or, in default of payment, to imprisonment for thirty days ;
4. ft shall be lawful for any constable appointed by this Council to arrest any person found par-ticiiNiting in or being an onlooker at such gambling within the limits of this municipality.
| True copy of By-lay No. 70, passed 5th day of April. 1914.J
S. E. Hodoinh,
Sec.-Treas.
:

The mothers know that their sons Look dressier in Dover’s Clothes And they also know that Dover’s Clothes wear longer.
a
PROVINCE DE QUEBEC, Dis--*• trict de Pontiac. Cour de Circuit pour le comté de Téiniscaming A Ville-Marie. No. 107M The Ville-
Hounds Strayed
Strayed from Shawville on April lut two hound «logs—one black and tan, the other black and white, with tan spots over eyes. Information that will lead to their recovery will he suitably rewarded, or any information of their whereabout* or if anything befell them will he thankfully received by w. K. Maitland or Thoe Shore. Shawville.
I
Our complete Stock of Boys’ and
Strayed on to my premises some time OUttlS Sprinfif 01otfa.6S IS TIQ^V
in November, one ewe. Owner is re-	°
SSttEïïï SUtir “d Ready for your selection. Bring
OKORGE SMITH, mu	•	, .	. ,
R. it. no. i, charteru, q,„.. 1 he boys in and try them on.
All the new Slash Pockets and Buckle Belt Styles on view.
STRAYED
Ville
PROVINCE OF QUEBEC, Dis-triut of Pontiac. Circuit Court in mid foi the county of Tcmisca-ming, at Ville Marie. No. 1079. The Ville-Marie Supply Company, Limited. a |M>litic and corporate body, having its chief place of business at Ville-Marie, county of Temisca-iii in g and district of Pontiac, Plaintiff, vs. Louis Riondet, heretofore farmer of the township of Latu-lippe, said county and district, Defendant. The defendant is ordered things that art the sen’e, air.** gasped to appear within a month. Ville soldier as soon as fcf could speak, Mane, April 9th, 1918. J. D. Pkl-
LKiUN, Clerk of the said Court.
4
BUGGIES I
BUGGIES !
Knew Hie Bible
On board a steamer “somewhere on the Atlantic" a seasick soldier boy was having a session at the rail when an
officer came along.
• Hello
laid the officer mockingly.
“I'm rendering unto the sea, air, the
I have just received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.
What's thst you're doingF
ARCHIE DOVER
J. L H0D0IN9 - • Shawville.


