###PAGE###1###

O
No. 2, 37th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
JULY 4. 1918
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
THE
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Borrow to Buy Cattle
BANK
Capital paid up • $4,000,000 Rest
OF
“Mixed Farming" is the big money, maker today. Of course, grain and fruit and vegetables pay well—but beef and bacon, butter and cheese, are piling up the profits for the farmer.
Milk more cows—fatten more cattle-raise more hogs. If you need money to do it, come to The Merchants Bank. We glad to assist all up-to-date farmers.
4,750,000
OTTAWA
Plymouth Binder Twine Plymouth Hay Fork Rope Berger’s Paris Green

04 Branche» In Canada

m
v" U '¦ r/
A JOINT ACCOUNT
#
is a decided convenience to the soldier.
hither of the joint owners may deposit or withdraw money without further formality.
3
are
13
11 Unquestionably the best goods
•	W. F. DRUM, Manager
•	A. A. REID, Manager
•	D. L. WILLSON. Manager
•	C. E. SHAW, Manager
Fort Covlonor Branch Cami'rki.;.* Bay Branch Shawvii.i.k Branch,
W. W. Mitchell, Acting Mgr K. Lkukr Manager.
A. H. Mi l.hern, Manager, PoftTAQI DU Fort Sub Office, Open Monday and Thursday. Bristol Corners Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday.
in
SHAWV1LLE BRANCH, ÇUYON BRANCH, CAMPBELL’S BAY BRANCH. BRISTOL BRANCH.
the market,
We solicit your orders and fully guarantee every pound.
E F Business notices on this paire 8 cents per line.
The month I
Slmwville fl. on Thursday evening at the home of Mrs. 8. E. Hodgins,
PERSONAL MENTION
Mr». Harry Cole, Ottawa, is visiting relatives in town.
Miss Kilton. of Montreal, is the guest of W. E. Shaw.
ily meeting of the M. Club will be
held
HENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For Stenographers. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feh. 10 every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
,	, Miss Bowles of Montreal is visit-
eur family, fnendH and business as | ing her brother. Dr. Bowles, sociales want your portrait. A nice range of folders to choose from.
H. I NISON,
4	Artist in Portraiture.
J. H. SHAW.
^ Messrs. A. Dover and P. K.
Smiley removed their families to
Green Lake oil Thursday last.	m	III HH.	I__
Mrs Clnvtnn ha# imn* t/iThnm I school Is open dining the entire year ;
Macdonald College authoriticn1her summer holiday* 5‘Sur rîù-s^re ’^io'per‘momb'"do not report that the past winter was W1tri Mrs. Thompson.	pay n cent more.
very severe on apple and pear Mr. George and Mrs. McDowell M^e than m students from other local out the pioviuce, from all accounts, town.
Our instruction Is Individual, and the
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT
Students are assisted to positions.
ifaae&s
Monday (Dominion Day) and this Westmeath.	D. K. HENRY, President. W B.Cowling, II.G. W,Braithwait,
event constituted all that took Mias Mildred Millar, who attend-place in the direction of observing e[* the Academy here for the past the national holiday, if we except three year#, returned last week to
the contingent who went from her home at River Desert, Que.	I HIH WÊM
here to attend the celebration at Mrs. A. N. Golden, of St. John’s s,<*e’. lm.ve. work for a few able Beachburg. At Green Lake n Mr#. (Rev.) Arthur Wilson of Hud- me,l1m their haw mill or lumber goodly crowd assembled, and ml- son, and Mrs. H. M. Uuthbertson	t*ood wages. Steady work,
though the weather was rather are visiting telatives in town at • hone or write William Douglas	I
forbidding, following a heavy present.	Superintendent.	Learning otike work is like learning
nightV rain the youHg neople on- ' Mr«. Boles > .pending a few	-  ------ any other kmdo* work or trad.
ÈEraHi-EHiH
cSaasKi	""‘’“TÎBL ^SEE-HEEl
nf Mr J. D, Hodgins on Wednea- ha# beeu the guest of Mias Hilda	- Artist in 1 ortraiture. workers for expert offlee work.
%% AÆ*® z!	SSS55Æ&-
even ft-om points some distance Mrs. P. E. Smiley at Green Lake.	--- Last year our Increase was 45%. This
srj; :
was taken in, and the Indies of the eompanied by his daughter, Miss club naturally feet highly pleased Bessie, visited his daughters Miss» that the event turned out so well, Jean, of Shaw ville, and Mrs. Kllard
Ottawa, aecompauied by other ll,M>n last, in the person of Mrs.
The “Onion” Social, for Red members of the family, motored Howard, relict of the late John Cross purposes, held at Mr. Thus, from Ottawa on Sunday to spend Howard, of Green I^ake section, at Thomson’s on Friday evening, was Dominion Day visiting some of the advanced age of 87 years. The well attended, despite the un- their Pontiac friends.	«ged lady, died at the home of her
settled ap|>earanee or things over- y\r anj \|rs \y j i) w daughter, Mrs Geo Findlay, w ith
heivd. About» or 30 cars, besides and Mrs. X. Hudgins and MiJ ' HI u’h°‘« 8He !f?d been living since wi around Mr. Thomson's house I day eveninsrto attend the Maaonfc I "',eeks nf?° Owing to her advnm -
Mia<aSSi.*<S*JiU*5SS!31. r:tfES”^,1JSïth
jst sss& sails task
out counting sales from ice cream. «.	*	,	1looked forward to.
When the several Shaw ville cars *• niV e .l?i'	<)U,!g an(j The deceased was a sister of the
returned to town about midnight, , mi*,	+ Smith# halls returned late Richard, George and James
EEtESH-S gÈSr^SîÇ teSffiwSrsS I
odor that was not gasoline.	m i iV1 H\v’ atcomPa*?1^ by Mr. of Clarendon, and leaves to mourn Shawrilie. or home residence. Lot 13,
-  ____«.___ Iand	,a<e 11ftIlti baby and her departure a family of six sons 5th Ran*e’ Clarendon.
S s Convention	l?^ \ W. F. Caldwell, of Ottawa.— Und one daughter—Mrs. Findlay ---------—--------
'	'	'	VOM’	___-___—	above mentioned. The sons are :	FOR SALE-One piano, one coal heater
The annual Convention of the	_	.	_	_	W m. H., James, John, Benjamin,	also a quantity of stove	pipes,	one	side
County S. 8. Association was held	Want	Better Service.	,	Richard and George Alfred. She	,*>n.rd'	one	bedroom	suite ;	also	some
in the Methodist Church here on Citizens of the County who live	a,so iIe?Y,e? a lar^e «umber of	8ies*	MrBe	u- Murray,Shawvilk
Tuesday and Wednesday of last along the line of the C. P R. (or	«rand-children and great grand--—---------
week and was one of the most sue- Waltham branch) have felt that	m, T	, A	„ .	HOUSE TO LET-The	dwelling	house
cessful in the history of that or- they have been unjustly	treated	me funeral took ploce on r ri-	lately occupied	by J.	B.	.Judd,	situated
ganization. The Sunday Schools oi by the Company, in the removal	daX {Hternoon to St. PatiTs Church	inihc ens}t ®n([	of	Main	St.,	Shawviiie,
and much of an educative charac- alleged reason given therefor is a	vice, and preached an impressive
acter, along the lines of S. 8. work, very slim one, while the Gatineau	8er™,’n Jlom the text : “Fear Not."
was introduced and elucidated for line,	which	never received	one	,Ho1'!*I pillow, the offering
the benefit of the numerous teach-! dollar of bonus, has an ideal	ser-	ot the bereft family, bedecked the
era and others who were present, vice to accommodate the individ- t-asket'
Those who addressed the several uals who affluently spend their	---
sessions on the variety of subjects summers in the Gatineau	region.	Portage du	Fort mourns the loss
discussed and deliberated upon Not only is the jiassenger	service of one or its	foremost citizens in
Wue:	u n u	on the Pontiae line complained of	the passing	a way, after a very
Mrs.	P. G. Burgess, Ottawa,	a	as being inadequate, but met -	short illness,	of Mr. John Coyne,
reetignized national expert in 8. 8. chants and traders declare the on Thursday night last. The late I FOR SAI.E-8 pure bred Yorkshire grading and teacher-ti aming ; freight service is far from being Mr. Coyne for many yeai-s was	Ready for delivery. Apply to
Mrs.	(Hev.) Hairi^ of	Bristol,	satisfactory. A move has there-	engaged in mercantile pursuits in |J- c- Jamieson. Maryland,
teacher of the adult Bible	Class	fore been made to ascertain ,f the	Portage du	Fort, and was wellll
Mr. Donald McLeod, Montreal, gnevance cannot be remedied, and known throughout the district , FARM FOR SALE-East half of lot 28,
“sfssg SÂÈàSCSâB essa* as®»*
Hew. \V. J. Fowler,^resbytonan Ccmmismon, if no retire## i# forth- to the community which ..	„ IHI
Minister at h«ut Cou longe ,	coming from the 0. P. R. officials, known him »o long.	WANTED—A giil to do housework for
Rev. Dr. Russell, Evangelist, At tin# meeting the matter of the The funeral of the late Mr. Coyne family of three on farm about mid way who has been conducting a series ooimtruction or a public highway took place on Sunday afternoon to ,between Campbell# Bay and Fort Cou of meetings here during the past through the county will also be the ft. C. Church and cemetery ‘S'Ç’sûîXL.*t»in8 v***,’ f”1"!,1,0 three weeks.	I discussed.	laud was largely attended.	i Bay Que.	Campbell,
I
W. A. HODGINS
5
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
President
Principal
SHAWVILLE
Gillies Bros., Limited of Brae
EXPERIENCE
vs
EXPERIMENT.
or pro-
Preserving Season
N. I. HARRISON.
Principal. Ottawa. Ont
You can now secure ample Sugars for your requirements. Half a car in stock.
Willi# College
L**! Sparks Sti . entrance between Ketehum'e & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
Deaths
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
(CROWN BRAND)
Pints Quarts Half Gals.
$1.20 per doz.
552 St. Catherine West
1.35
< i
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St
1.60
((
Perfect Seal
Pints Quarts Half Gals
1.35
u
1
150
u
1.90
((
BINDER TWINE

FOR SALE—Large Jersey bull for sale —pelfeet beauty. Apply to Bell Telephone Offlee. Bryson, Quebec.
We have our supply of PLYMOUTH TWINE
GOLD MEDAL SILVER SHEAF PLYMOUTH SPECIAL
FOR SALE—1 2-year old Ayrshire bull and 1 yearling bull. Both purebred anl mais, from splendid sire and good cows Apply to David McDowell, Shawviiie.
W. A. HODGINS
ims
Canadian Food Board License Number
1
8-3551


###PAGE###2###
There is no necessity to hoe deeply an inch is enough
days at least and always after rain or a watering in order to break up the , crust which forms
live the entire year when condition# lhe duat or "mulch", am it is called, are favorable, they seem to do their whjch ig formed by the breaking up of most deadly work in June. Houses the gurfaCe BOil into fine particles, that are cleaned once a week and k(^pg ihe moigture ground the roots of J fumigated every month, are seldom in- the pUntg from evaporating.
stamped and addressed envelope is enclosed with y°ur ’•tter, a c°™p ® st4*atl of ha> or straw, is m itsel. one jeRg |n getting rid of all weaklings for ¦ newer will be mailed to you. Addreas Agronomlet, care of Wileon Publishing of the best insecticides. Lven in set ^ serve n0 purpose other than to
Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St. W , Toronto.	1 ting hen* tobacco stems are used ex- Rap fw them„eivfs the strength which
^eehe seas a ebeheee sieves
’mamamMmas
srx;:r?r;;,rxîææsssszrjx£ EHEEB = «wsfr
utu.lly |,„ than ,W t,„ n, «Si. but I „Ulo,. over, ten J»>. « ». .«*¦	™P-. .Vh.t =1 th. following mlxtur,.
; x, t m± ss* s.	sst
from seed. As a rule better bulb	c&re should be taken not to store stoc (	faithful	cat are	white	arsenic, one-half pound;	cheap
onions for keeping are produced from	from such plants with healthy po o *	guardian#	and when	those	molasses, 2 quarts; oranges or lemons,
sa	Hir ra iwafjras
SæHæ 3S1S&» SSS EEEB EE
following millets have given good re- the following advice:—	t0 .,uard asrainst hiding places.	bran and poison, stirring constantly
suits, Siberian, Hungarian, Canary “Control cutworms with a poison	_^_..	g0 as to dampen the bran thoroughly.
Bird. Millet can be grown on any bait. This is very easily made up °	pbe Wartime Garden.	The other mixture is as follows: (2)
rowed. The millet is then sown add enough of this sweetened water broadcast at the rate of 20 to 30	to the bran to make it just moist
pounds per acre. It is worked into	throughout. Place a teaspoonful at
the soil by a light harrowing. Under the base (not touching) of each plant
normal conditions the germination affected and near the base of adjacent	_
and growth will be rapid. The crop plants. Where the damage seems to	By Andrew F. Currier, MV.
fca swï %%%%% m DEESES HEEEsE™
nutritive value. Rape can also be plant along the border.	closed Dr Currier will not prescribe for individual cases or	make diagnosis,
grown on most farm soils but does lT , following quantities:—	Address Dr. Andrew F. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing	Co ,	73 Adelaide
-1 — .......81
plowing, disking and harrowing and	Bran (or substitute)	....1 quart	Infant feeding No. 1.
the seed can be sown in rows broad-	White arsenic ....1	teaspoonfu	This subject is of great import-
cast at the rate of 2 to 4 pounds per Molasses.1 tablespoonful ance at all seasons, but especially so
acre. A medium loam or a heavy Water.t0 moisten	during the heat of summer when the
loam soil is best adapted for the grow- por \ t0 o acre gardens use:—	sensitive digestive apparatus of babies
ing of rape. As to variety, Dwarf	Rrftn , or substitute)...10 lbs.	is thrown out of equilibrium.
Essex Rape has given best results in	white arsenic . 1 lb.	It would seem unnecessary to urge
Ontario.	Molasses	......... 1 quart that every mother who is able to nurse
W. W.:--l. What will eradicate Water	.to moisten her baby should do so.
twitch grass from the garden? 2.	‘	The food which is supplied by her
How would you treat potato blight? ! Many people add to this poison body is the natural and proper nutri-
Answer:—1. Twitch or quack grass mash, the juice and crushed pu p o ment for her child.	-	%
is exceedingly troublesome since it some fruit that happens to >e an y, Occasionally it is not nutritious and propagates by running root stalks such as grape fruit, apples, tomatoes, cannc^ ^ used, somewhat more fre-just under the surface of the soil, oranges, cantaloupes, etc., which may gently it is insufficient in quantity Small pieces of these roots will begin have “just one by," and it is consider- afid bag ^ 0^>e pfeced out with cows’ to grow wherever dropped, hence the ed by scientific people to be a very	rarely it must be suppressed in
area afflicted with this pest may be good practice. This poison bait Is ^ interest of the mother’s health or rapidly enlarged if care is not taken cheap, easily mixed and easily ap-, nfe. to collect every bit of root stock pos- plied. The fact that it is a very o sible, and to dry and burn it when the 1 remedy which was standard many
ground is being worked in early years ago has given a sufficient test man wjt^ an ample supply of breast spring. The only thing that can be of its reliability. One of the best fea-i mjRt deliberately elects to suppress it done for quack grass in the garden is lures of the poison is that as soon as ^ ^ guit her convenience, to keep its growth down by continual the worm has fed he crawls into tno ^ .g next ^ pr0CUring an abortion, hoeing. Various methods to eradicate ground from which he never emerges	g0 many women do merely be-
the pest have been suggested. One is so that the birds do not eat the dead cauge ^ j8 inconvenient to have babies
and bring them up.
I appeal to every honest, decent, who has a baby or is about
The Southern Canada Power CoLimited
Hoe every seven
While it is possible for vermin to
This is because
Controls Water Power* on the St. Francis River capable of over 100,000 H P development, and through stock ownership controls several Light A Power Companies.
Tlie Company supplies power and light to over 46 municipalities In the Province of Quebec, principally In the Eastern Townships
Work has been commenced and la progressing rapidly, the development of one of the Company's large powers the St. Francis located at Drummond ville.
This plant la being developed to supply the Increased demand for power In the territory served by the Company and enable more manufacturers to locate In this district.
The development of water power now ki a patriotic duty, a* well as a commercial advantage.
We recommend the 6% BONDS of the SOUTHERN CANADA POWER COMPANY, LIMITED, which we are-offering with a bonus of common stock, thus giving investors an opportunity of participating In the future sue-cess of the Company.
Send for circular and map showing territory served.
¦OWDE MAY IB FUBOKABBD FIOM U1
Py Agronomist
on
on
and gardeners
Nesbitt, Thomson & Company
Investment Banker•	Limited
Mercantile Trust Bldg.	•	• Hamilton
222 St. James Street	•	•	Montreal
The
MOTHER-WISDOM
There is a Right and a Wrong Kind of Fatigue in Children
By Helen Johnson Keyes.	e
Of course children must be tired | day to day, in a widening circle of ill sometimes and if they rest quickly, health, then after a night of sound sleep or
after a wholesome meal followed by a by an un jacketed stove period of thorough relaxation, all is side it the air is so hot that the chll-Indeed, fatigue of this kind to dren are drowsy; in the back of the actually healthful. Particularly at room the youngsters are shivering. In that time of life during the teens, both places the air Is poisoned by the which we call adolescence, the body breaths of Ihe children and the bum-and mind work best through periods of ing up of fuel in that same stove— hard, fatiguing activity, followed by which equals twenty-five men in its profound relaxation and indolence. All power to exhaust pure air. The patience should be shown to adolescent desks, very likely, face the door, and boys and girls who choose to get windows on both sides shed cross through their tasks in this manner, al- lights upon the children’s work, caus-though to their parents it may be ing eyestrain. It takes so long to somewhat irrita tiny and inconvenient, put on coats and hats that outdoor There is, however, a fatigue which reces, '» omitted much of the time, is dangerous and which should be met on^v. wonder is that any study at once with proper remedies, for the progress is made and even a toleraM* longer it is allowed to persist the more health maintained by most of the pup-difficult it is to overcome. The symptom by which it may always be known	JM I	B
to the lack of power the sufferers to be a scramble by the children to
! get ahead of one another instead of a serious pursuit of knowledge. They wear themselves out in the nervous excitement of doing better than soqie-
than of another.	Thc exPlanatl0n usually made for Before taking your run-down chib
Casein or cheese in cow’s milk is fatigue and nervousness in children is <jren ou^ 0f echool try this cure: usually	too tough	to be digested by	they are studying too hard. As j jn the bitterest cold of winter ltl
a	young infant’s	gastric	Juice,	and	a matter of fact, this is seldom the	them sleep with wide-open windows,
hence this substance must often be l“ause and f ^‘e>’ are taken out of ^s goon as the weather to milder put diminished.	'	I 8eh°o1» little improvement occurs un- their beds on a porch. V you have
Milk	spoils very	quickly	unless	it is	^eS3 m a(i,iitl0n to removing them	a bathroom, let the day begin with •
from their studies a number of other	coid ptunge in the tub or a cold show.
er. Give them a breakfast of well-cooked cereal with cream on it, and eggs and toast—no fried foods or sweets. See that their feet are dry-shod and their bodies comfortably clad for the trip to school. Prepare them nourishing lunches of well-baked bread spread with butter, or sanwichei of chicken or beef. Do not include ham, pickles, jams or candies. Chil-hard study will not hurt any normal ^ren should not drink tea or coffee; QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. boy or girl if it is done under health- instead, give them a bottle of milk M K—Have been advised to rub ful» haPpy conditions.	or cocoa. Fresh fruits will supply all
my baby girl, who is four weeks old, Yes, it is trying conditions under the sweets they need, in the best pos-every other day with olive oil, in order which school life often proceeds, which 1 eible form. Wheff they must have to strength her bones. Is it desir- usually result in dangerous fatigue cake let it be simple. Nuts and raisins able?	and nervousness—sometimes running make an excellent dessert with real
Answer—It will do no harm, but I on into that twitching disease, known 1 food value but they should not U
as Saint Vitus’ dance, or into tuber-1 added to a meal already heavy wltk culosis. The causes are threefold and meat
The schoolroom, perhaps, is heated
Close be-
well
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
If your
ils
The system of promotion is too apt
have to become rested again ¦_______
which injure their milk as an article ties down on them like a permanent of healthful food, but the same plants condition of weakness and discourage-which when green are injurious may ment, be harmless when in the form of hay.
Milk is a complex and perfect food containing albumen in its cheese, fat in its butter or cream, sugar, water and mineral salts, and these are all the body needs for its upbuilding. I It varies greatly in the proportion of these constituents, some containing
It set-

It is a sin against society, against nature and against God when a wo-


kept cold on account of the action of	....
the bacteria which gets into it almost changes are made in their manner of as soon as it is drawn.	living. I believe that if you will
These bacteria may be destroyed or search your memory and experience prevented from growing by the ac- y°u w‘** decide that among all those tion of heat.	run-down youngsters whom you have
The process of doing this is called seen taken out of school, the only pasteurization by which it is heated ones who have improved have been to 140 degrees F., forty minutes. those who at the same time were sent Cream or fat may be added to it un- away for v'ts or put on diets or made till ita total volume is three per cent, to sleep on porches, The truth is that
by smothering it out. For this pur- cutworms
TfiX'Srra.y S: 1£
far as it is within her power.
If this source fails the next best thing is to get a wet nurse, or if this is impossible to use the milk of ani-
Q/fo&sQ
peas and rape, clover or
alfalfa, for the sow and pigs.
¦«Mi*
3EHHe
" ^nilk is poisonous. Pigs will have piles or protrusion of the rectum, and they may die or fail to thrive if fed unscreened ground oats, or much bran
Of al. iMLdln, «arlr and la,. I , or boiled potato,, for a prolonged varieties 46c. per hundred, mall pre-1 period of time. They may be killed,
SllecL 1,1 P#r thoueanl •xpreee I too, by slop from dirty, germ-infested Aieo Cauliflower. Brussels Sprouts I barrels and troughs; while sour or de-and Onion	,Wpp#d „ucceM_ I composing slop partly made of tank
fully to all parts of Canada. Ask for I age will cause ptomaine poisoning, prie Ust	...I which ia fatal
~	I i: rPkT. S' XdtL'ÆJ
tion of beds, pens and yards to not enough; it must Include barrels and troughs, and prevent access to contaminated yards, old wallows and running streams.
think cocoanut oil is preferable, it is less greasy and it has nutritive value, as well as the olive oil.
culosis. The causes are threefold and meat. This is true, too, of cheese, lie in the faulty hygiene of the home, Cheese should be added only to a light the poor hygiene of the school and the ' meal of green salads or vegetables or system of marks or competition with fruits, other pupils and examinations which I are often pushed to a senseless and wmunity form a mothers' club or i truly criminal excess.	“ I parent-teechers' association and sei
Children frequently start off the that the school stove is properly day with insufficient breakfasts, ar- jacketed; that there are always two rive at school chilled and perhaps with windows open, one at the bottom and wet feet and are provided with a mur- one at the top; that the desks are derous baskeMunch of pickles, ham,1 turned with their backs to the dooi cake and candy. What wonder that and that the windows on the right their heads ache and that they believe1 of the room elr studio
fed
Grass fed cows often eat plants
Then let the mothers of the com
FUNNY FOLD'
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOTTED .LINES
Cabbage Plants

___________________________, —.....	are d*rkly curtained, riI________________ which are indeed lowing the light to fell only from *•
difficult and painful under these cir-1 rear and left aide. If the school has cumslancea—are the cause of their ill but one room, urge the fathers to build health 1 They feel far too sick to eat on a second one where an oil stove and supper but are hungry by bedtime so1 a few kitchen utensils can be kept foi they eat a generoua altce of pie before heating dishea for the midday lunch •leaping. A bad digestion makes a ' or even for simple cooking, person feel cold so probably they do There will be few tired or nervous not open the windows very wide and children in a community where such the pie, plus the poor ventilation, pro- ! home and school hygiene methods are duces restless sleep. So they go, from ' practiced.
»!
A1
that
Plants are
• I
\
\
It is better to feed
* 4

WOOL

s




Farmers who ship their wool direct to us get better prices tbsn farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK ANY FARMER 1
who has sold his wool both ways, sad note what he says or. better still, writs ns for our prices ; they will show you how much you loss by selling to the General Stem.
mssaan
x ,3 s&Msnsa.
Economy With Grain Bags.
By reason of the unusual heavy demands on the Jute supply of India, and the Calcutta bag Industry, fsrm-are advised to order, as soon as possible, all the new bags they will need for sacking grain and other products, and In addition to prepare for use all old bags which can be made serviceable. Very large orders have been placed for sand-bags for use in mining trenches, one English order hIsm being for 160,000,000 bags
and vegetables supply the,
mineral salts, those who eat rsquirt|

\

ï

In addition, the one who sells March k lambs in June or July when they have r	attained seventy-five or eighty pounds,
Instead of waiting until fall to disent, avoids the danger of the last two summer Lambs make very ?mall
them when they reach a weight of gains during this period. I hey seventy-five to eighty pounds and bring ™ cheap** gams ««1er five months
the top market price.	Z'y'l^Uby Z Z?.f 5un. ol
Packers will not pay the top price middle of July If fed liberally with for lambs, no difference how fat, if ^ain, pasture crops and milk from they weigh over eighty pounds. The their mothers, reason is because the best cuts of	+	7
meat can be obtained fronj the smaller The marrow from the *

•L
i



N
on
l

ere
/
a
There is a tendency for farmers to keep their lambs until they weigh 100 4 setf pounds or more, instead of selling months

e In
r
.
i
i

Fruit# • body wtii
SEST
When Willie N« this tunny beset. He gave a mighty sheut.
-Who ever eaw an elephsnt
With just a piggy's snout7N
hoM
carcass

###PAGE###3###
PACIFIC WHALE TO THE RESCUE
and flew away. Some strategy — what?
Speaking about engines, we had some difficulty in getting proper motors for our planes during the early periods of the war. A Dutchman by the name of Fokker built an engine
which he believed was suited to the\ WILL GIVE MUCH MEAT THIS needs of the Flying Corps, promptly offered it to the English Government, but for some reason or
fis* c	«-	----- >— - - — «a bridge. Ill carry big stones and to the German Government—and they	Whale Beef May Become Popular for many yearg Qn the Pacjfic coast Share of Taie* While Wealthy
drop them into the brook, and every took him up immediately.	Canada.	lie beef was first offered in any quan-	\r9 favored by Law.
one of you shall bring little stones, j	A Streak of III Luck.	titles for human consumption in the
So straightway Little Bear	began They soon installed it in their ma-	With April showers and budding	summer of 1917. Then for the first	The future of the British West Inbuilding a bridge of stones.	It was ch|neg> and during the spring of 1916	flowers came also spouting whales in	time it appeared in butcher shop win-	djeg ja a question that must sooner of
hard work, but he tugged at rocks an.l ^ proVed far superior to the English the waters adjoining the Pacific coast ( dows, retailing for ten cents a pound, later receive the attention of the Brit-rolled stones and lifted stones s™®j engine. It balked at nothing—and it of North America. On April 1 a do-j The result was sufficiently satiafac- ,ab Government, says a recent de-splaahed and struggled and strugg ed 0^en reached height* of 10,000 feet ships of the Pacific whaling fleet tory to start the whaling companies gpatch from Jamaica. The war has and splashed until mt	last there	was a	(high	for those days) with the utmost	left various harbors in	the State of	preparing for better cold	storage	brought about conditions which indl-
fair bridge of stones	across the	s ng-	eage	jf this makes you feel sorry or	Washington and British	Columbia and	facilities for the present season. For	cate that a scheme will have to be da-
ing brook. The baby wildcats (11<1| mafce§ you curse fate, just listen to sailed out to the whaling grounds. the first time also in Pacific coast his- vised for the development of these col-not help much because they were 100, another tale In which the English	And though whaling is the oldest	tory the whale will be canned. A big	0nies. Whether it will be confédéré
busy quarreling and crying.	I Government ran Into a streak of hard	industry upon the Pacific coast, it be-	factory was erected at Kyukout, Brit-	tion or a linking up with the Dominion
“Now step over, advifced '	* luck.	came this year an old industry In a ish Columbia, and a minimum of 30,- 0f Canada is a matter of speculation.
Bear, “and be careful that you do no Soon ayter this the government took new guise, for during this year thou- 000 cases will be put up this season. The idea of a Dominion of the Weat ¦HP*”	,.	,	up the building of a particular type	sands of pounds of whale beef will be If the new tinned whale beef	meets Indies is gaining ground, the feeling
One by one the little	j of aeroplane engine. They say it was, sold in Canada and the United States, public approval the output will be In- being that the colonies should play a
careful not to slip, crossed	the	roo	,	^ American patent They installed	It Is a first-class food	and, best of all,	creased.	more important part in the affairs of
"Slide right In	and paddle	over 1 "	stepping high and carrying	their	ta	a	^ a machine to test its worth. The	sells at the wonderful	(in these days)	There are	four species of	whale	the empire	than has hitherto been
suggested Mrs. Otter. But the baby in the air. At Lit. e ^*aT_	1 commanding officer in charge of the price of ten cents a pound.	common to the Pacific coast — the the case.
wildcats	would	not	slide	in	and	pad-	them at their own door, ,ust as	o	particular barracks where this ma-.	The furthering of the	use of whale	firmer, humpback, sperm and	sulphur	The bringing together of the best
die over;	they	were	afraid	of	the	war-	er Wildcat appeared.	chine	was to be given its test	meat in huge quantities	is largely a	bottom. The former two are	beat for	brains of the West Indies with the ob-
ter; they did not like to get wet.	,y°u niughty children	I decided that a flight of two, patriotic idea. By consuming It at meat, not being as oily as the sulphur ject of working out plans for the ad-
"Float over, float over!” advised claimed. “I have '1,M;	*	'	®I hundred miles would be sufficient home, large quantities of other kinds bottom and sperm. Of these the sul- vancement of the colonies would be
the ducks. But the baby wildcats far and	near for you.	'	*	to demonstrate the engine’s worth.	of meat can be released and forwarded phur bottom is the largest.	Some bailed with delight, and already the
would not even try to float.	emeus man wandering round n ,	The day was named, the aviator to the Allied armies and civilian pop-1 specimens reach ninety feet In length greatest Interest is being shown is
“Jump on a log and spread your t is a wonder he didn t nna y	i chosen, and many military men aside ulatkns in Europe. Even whale will and weigh up to eighty tons.	the confederation movement, which U
tails wide and sail	across I” said the	Into the house this minute.	from the flyers were anxiously await-	reach them, for the first canning fac-	Previous to 1917 the whale	was	spreading in	the Caribbean, with St
red squirrel. But	the wildcat	babies L,ttle Hear 18*°. :	pp '#Vv	in* the result of the trial. He went	tory to put it up was	just recently	used only to	supply fertilizer,	bone-	Lucia as the	base of operations,
did not dare to jump on a log. They shrill voice of little sister y up amjd much ceremony# To be sure,, finished in British Columbia.	meal and oil. In 1917 about 125 tons
were afraid that It would turn over made a stone bridge' Jor u	he went up—and away, 360 miles—	N t N	Human Food	ln a11 Wlere eold on the Pacific coast,
and duhap them into the water.	brought us home. L it tie	a nd came down at Bruges in enemy	.	, .	Only those whales taken in close to
By the time Little Bear came along, her for owning up like that.	territory.	|	*«**tly in Canadian and American the stations, which can be moved
the baby wildcats were crying big “Well," said Mrs.liWl JL t*| The flyer had never made a flight in cl*le.8 h.anq,uet» were *\M f*	quickly to be cut up, are used as beef,
tears into the brook and	wailing at	knows what is good, he will be gladl to| ^ terr$tory	befwe#	and being un.	i whale steak was served as the pie(e	The	whaling	season	lasts	from	the
the top of their voices.	Little Bear	have me take him home, or the circus^ familiar wjth	the course the engine	f.e distance. It was part of an ac-	lgt	of	April	to	the	end	of	October,
:: z tr jrstisjr si^rs'a. ^ ss-,- st. s
determined to help them out of their ' for him; so he gladly put hi. little *st	when he entered enemy terrl. Bu whale meat ,s by no me «ne new
trouble. He thought and thought paw into Mrs. Wildcat. paw and trpU	0f course the Germans pounced food to human beings Since thne im-
and thought and thought!	At last he ;	ted along by her aide. Mr,. Maria ^ thig en in,	tter„	with hi^h g!ee.	memorial the E.k.mo. of the Hudson
asked the baby wildcat,	how they	Wildcat meant well, and he knew..t.	^ ^ Q	Crible	blow to the	Bay and A askan coasts have eaten ,t.
happened to be so near home and yet Some folk, are always .rntable when	U almoat floored 'em. Im- ™ an,f atlU 18 °ne of, t,helr
on the wrong side of the brook.	they are worried. Anyway, she took	„„ investigation was insti-	^ supplies, a, well a, giving oil for	.
"Mother went away and didn’t come	Little Bear home; and great was Lit-	tuted Qn the ()* he Brjtigh	fuel. As is well known, the whale	England’s Food Chief Will Limit Cost	8ults at'hleved ln «"V ot the ^reat self
:ssarsMws	BE3S E—BEBrl	!HHrE &rsn
“He did not!" Interrupted Billy rrow!” in her most impolite fashion. ' unfortunatF opnirrsni T pf gic lifet very minute creatures which taking into consideration “Tommy s defective goes without saying. The Wildcat. “He said, 'Ma will never At the same moment Father Bear	,	.	'	whalers call “brit,” and upon shrimps, growl at the ever recurring plum and want of a business government in a!
know if we go walking Just a little and Mother Bear came running down	e a ’() ^	herring and various small crusta- apple jam, tried to solve the question most every island is a factor that
way ' didn’t he Fluffy?"	the path from the house to see what	1 he Lode of the Air.	ceans.	by buying other fruits at considerably tends to retard the development of the
"Yes, he did," answered Fluffy, was the matter; and at that very mi-	Notwithstanding many articles	^ year out of the |tomach of „ above the market prices, says a Lon- edbntry. In these days of advanced
"And we walked and we walked until	nute up jumped the circus man from	Printed to the^contrary there is a cer-	^gwy killed whale flve barrels of	don despatch.	ideas	it	is certainly not wisdom to
we were lost- and Yowler was the!	beside the gate, where he had been	tain code of ethics followed by the	ghrimps were taken. Because they	Th*/ eucceeded in giving the	rank	cling	to	a system that might	have
worst one of us. Why, why, Yowler!"	hiding, and ran away as fast as he	aviators at the front-a certain P«-	cou]d never find anything golid in any	and file a change	of jam but the	fruit	been considered useful, say, 100	years
"Don't quarrel,” said Little Bear. "I	could go-so fast that he looked like	“ an Englishman	Qf ^ wha]eg they ki„ed the Eskimos	growers held up	both the jam manu-	ago.
want to know how you happen to be	a straight line flying down the road!	ia brought down back of the line, his	eame to be]ieve with pagaing yearg	facturer, and the public for equiva-1	A government that is not dedicated
on the wrong side of the brook T"	For the first time in his life Little,	pals are sure to receive a note tell-	that the animal n8,er ate; wag in	lent prices, with the result that when	to the development of the resources of
“Yowler, he made u, cross the	Bear kissed Mrs. Maria Wildcat good	mg his whereabouts, possibly the next	faeti a gpirit animal. For this reason	the Ministry of Food wished to fix	the country, the extension of railways,
away off-seven-mile bridge,"	was	night without being told. And all	day. A German drops this information	before ki|Ii	onc for food and fue, a	prices for the retail trade	they	were	the opening up of new roads to land,
Owley's answer.	that evening until bedtime he and	over our lines. The same tactics	are	Urge amQunt	of religlous ceremony	far above the real value.	to be brought under cultivation; a
“If vou don’t stop this quarreling. Father Bear played a merry game of followed by the English Ayers. This hag to hp gone through This some-! This year the Food Controller is government that fails to encourage I sna'V |«,ave you," threatened	Little	Mr, Maria Wildcat scaring a circus	sounds strange, does it not? I	am	tjmes	two week, and ^ the	not to be caught napping.	He	will	the production of foodstuff, within the
Bear. ..And now , know what	to do>	man — “Mer — rrow! Mer —rrow!	not attempting to say this code	of	wha]eg can on]y bg ki„ed at a certain	is8Ue an order fixing maximum prices	territory under its jurisdiction, while
If y" will be good. We will build Mer—rrow!"	manners 1, followed In any other ghort p^riod when they pasg through for all English grown fruit for the on the other hand, hundreds of thou-
branch of the service.	particular waters, the Ehkimo cere- manufacture of jam. Lord Rhondda sands of dollars in money are sent out
— r-	-	n M * There is another case where polite- mordes are 0fte'n	jn progress also intends to fix prices for fruit of the colony each year to North
Cl a/IMP ADAVC	I m goin t0 pca< for home| ’ ne89 enters into the war game in con- u the wi>aie- berin moving Yet PU*P on an equitable basis after due America to purchase grains and other
¦Limb ABU ft	1 shouted.	nection with flying. There is a sort guc^ t^e ^g^|rno’s peculiar adher- regard has been given to the average articles that could well be produced at
^eg11w a Tex Bill peered below. The scene be- of unwritten agreement that the ence to rjte ratber than cut Pr^ce °* fruit and controlled price of home, can hardly claim to be enlight-
ROlHF I AND neath 1,8 Preiented eome excellent op- sleeping quarter, will not be disturbed them ghort he al]owg whale, t0 g0 Jam.	ened
portunities for pictures for the use of by the enemy flyers, especially at ; unhimted.	The Ministry has issued an order
—	the staff.	night, when the tired men are trying	Dilemma of Eskimo#	which restricts the use of potatoes, A peasant owns a small plot of land
"No, you don’t Jock." His voice t0 snatch forty winks.	,	.	potato starch, farina and other pots- with merely a hut on It; he is called
svenied miles away because of the din 1 have not yet become reconciled to A very amusing incident and one j ^ productF to purposes of animal and upon to pay taxes on a $200 valuation of the engine, but I understood what the death of poor Guynemer. Splen- * ,th rather a tragic side occurred a human food and places these articles, To improve that hut, to adopt methods he was laying	, did fellow-and brave as they come, few years back to a band of Eskimos the same category and under the that make for better sanitation and
............	the y‘,t"**’hrt*“ftrc.TXr: ^[»¦ ^P».jxs.
QekliwItMM. W -h. B.,. I. , w,..d h., and w,	"hî,’hVh’.'d	Ht.'::	th,
the Royal Flying Corps.	there for fully three minutes, with . reason.	«uch as washing and refraining from |icengeg for dealerg poUtoes have the distinction of paying on a valua-
mm 'MMmmMM
soft, as you Canad ans sayJ If it	,	he thought we were done of an expregg trajn Jugt before he were strange beings. They had done one	leave the .. tter.. clag8.
does seem like little actuall work let for He didnt know Bill as I did I pagged hjg man he would straighten everything so far to please this newly, with the iggue of licengeg for thla A businegg government in Jamaica me relate an incident which occurred , brought the wounded man down out and almost sideswipe him. Before 8(,0Pte<1 'Th,te man«	but, in so	0n July 1 the whole ,y. would long ago have laid plan, for
during one of t,hese flights.	back of our lines as soon I could tilt he pagged he would open up with hi, far. »8 /^eir own had proved very tem wi„ be 8ubject to entirely new ^ development of the shipping trad,
We were flying over St. Quentin at her nose earthward. Bill was soon in Lewis gun.	.	i satisfactory for a good many genera- éditions and evasions of order, will
the time. I had a light machine and Blighty. I felt sure he would get the	He wag an expert at this particular	tion8' PerhaP" might be just as well
had been given instructions to get y.C. for his work. He was merely	type of strategy If he missed his	to propitiate him as before, which at
some photos. At least, my observer mentioned in the despatches, but such	and tue Boche sailed awav un-!the aame time should not 9Poil their
had been so instruct^. We had been „	; „fathed Guynemer would ne^er follow,	the new,y aCquired God
up probably half an hour and had al-	You know the	Victoria Cross is a	ue took his chance- if he failed he	of ^ white man.
««t finished our "shots" of the en-	mighty treasure.	It I, not as common	“0Uld never return-and l^taiiy
emy trenches. Suddenly we heard an	ag the Iron Cross, which the Kaiser	,t might be stated that the Boche	people
ominous buz*. We both turned. To	hands out to any one. Why, I once	nexel. iingcred looking for trouble
say we were surprised would be put-	heard of a Frisian receiving this	^ was quite a long time before we	! consists of drawing the whaleboats	,	,	.
ting it mildly, as we thought we were	German medal simply because he had	had any other weapon to use in the	<>n *hore and performing a long and	0n	heap®	of ^odies’	po°l8 of	,rowl11
When we started there was succeeded in raising an extra large	intricate dance about them. Whale	On	field,	of	agony.
not a single enemy plane to be seen in head of cabbage. The rumor may be	pi8toI# and Anally we were equipped	oU is also sprinkled around the boats	„0h,	tranquil	am	I	and seren
the skv.	#	. true.	with the Lewis gun. By George, that’s and on a Path fading from them These are visions I have seen
And there, right ha k or us about	Not more than	six or seven of the	the weapon for you!	to the sea. Two poles are also	crossed
two hundred yards or so, was one of	fellows who had	the V.C. pinned to	jqj y* g]ad to kr**t back to the lines,	above the boats, upon which	are hung
those Taubes. The Boche was steer-	their breasts are living now. I speak	j*m getting ten shillings a day now	bit3 °* wearing apparel, pieces of, “Through	battle-smoke	that	dimmed
ing directly for us. I surmised he in-	0f the Royal Flying Corps. The man	whj|e pm \n Blighty. At the front it’s	whalebone, an old piece of chain, arti-
tended to hit us on the tail. You know, who brought down the first Zeppelin one pound	des of clothing and a miscellany of I’ve seen a people’s soul arise;
when a fellow decides to ram you he j Jn tidHum received the V.C. The fel-	*—___________ other things. Each of these things Oh, it was fair to see!	The increase in staple products exil courting disaster himself. But that, low who crumpled up the first Zeppe-	FRUIT-JAR RINGS.	has a certain significance toward the • I’ve seen a holy purpose grow;	ported from < ana a nst year over th#
wasn’t his intention at all. As he drew }|q which was brought down over Lon-	____ hunt.	I’ve seen brave, youthful faces glow average anni.* shipments of th#
nearer he opened with his machine j <Jon a]go came in for the distinction. gj7e and Quality 0f Packing Must Be	Used in Europe.	With a new-born chivalry;	three years previous to the war ar«
gun. His first shot tore through the ,	An incident of Battle.	/ Right to Properly Seal Cans.	Just as they finished their ceremony I've aMn a light in dying eyes	very striking Here Is the increase ai
I S* Æswiï -as e s sssusr	£ tr r sr sr z1 --
Z* '"w’j TT*. I ¦ V7. .L.	1 Boche discovered he was going to land , the rubber rings be able to withstand whales went on and out of reach
German ha ot e ' **	®. ra.a. he also brought his machine to earth, hot water and steam, but they must
nd they dldn t exactly coincide | ^ *ey ltood„^ne hundred paces not enlarge very much when heated.
apart. Each took out his revolver and Rings for standard jars should have
, an ifieide diameter of 2% in. and the width
In Britain last year 1,000,000 pounds of whale beef was consumed.
The meat ia dull red in color when raw. When cooked it looks very much like venison. To some folks it tastes somewhat like liver, with a alight flavor of salmon. Others compare its taste to that of moose meat. Cooked with gravy and mushrooms, it makes an excellent dish though a little dry.
WEST INDIES SEEK
NEW GOVERNMENT

boy
GIRLS

1
6
!L
f
CONFEDERATION OF BRITISH ISLANDS URGED.
r
He1
V
SEASON
It ia tender,
How LltUe Bear Helped The Wildcat
Babies.
One time the wildcat babies ran It was late in the afternoon when Little Bear found them crying beside the brook
away
They were not far from their home, but the trouble warn that they were on the wrong side of the brook.
“Swim across!” advised the bea-But the baby wildcats were afraid of the water and would not try to swim.
"Wade in, wade ini" advised Father Deer. The baby wildcats shook their front paws and would not wade into the water; they did not like to get wet.
vers
HI

Coat of Government
The cost of administration in these colonies is higher than in the Dominion of Canada and nearly as large as in the Commonwealth of Australia. For administrative purposes Canada spends slightly over $140,000 a year, Australia over $205,000 and the West Indies $160,000. But it cannot be said that the advantages derived from the expenditure of upward of $160,000 a year in the West Indies for governors, administrators and commissioners can in any way be compared with the ra-
dians and Americans will become fa miliar with the taste of whale beef be fore the season is ended.
!
TO REGULATE FRUIT PRICES
we
«
*


Tax System Ruinous

k STORY OF THE AIR BY A BRITISH AVIATOR.
4
in the Caribbean, the natural result of the opening of the Panama Canal But Kingston has not yet been mads a free port; light and harbor dues are still being collected; the Government continues to impose restrictions in th# matter of quarantine that make it embarrassing to shipping companies to send their vessels to this section ot the Caribbean.
The Jamaica Imperial Association recently formed to create s healthy public opinion on matters affecting the economic social, agricultural and commercial welfare of th« colony.
be practically impossible
Above the Fields of France
O April Moon, hast thou looked down Upon the fields of France?
Thus strangely do these primitive
So they began their So tranquil is thy lovely face
In part the ceremony ^ not seem thy g ai
Hath rested on a ruined town,
reason ancient rites.
alone
Above the fields of France
P
the skies
Increase in Agricultural Export*
More than 100,000,000 acres will, it is reported, be planted to corn in the United States this spring.
By means of succession
we
ed;
ed
cropping,
two or three crops may be growr^ one after another, on the same land dur-
Above the fields of France Oh, I am tranquil and sersn These are the visions I have seen Above the fields of France.”
The Indians of the Pacific coast „ before the white man came hunted the whale In their swift, high-prowed narrow canoes, killing it with light harpoons. For many years whale was used largely by them.
Japanese for centuries have 0eaten ; W ar gardeners should not relax whale beef. Among the nations of their efforts because it is too hot to	may be followed by late
Europe it has been a common food in be comfortable in the garden. It Is beans, celery er sweet com the past To-day Norway and Den- too hot to be comfortable In the cabbage, cauliflower and early pots-mark use a great quantity of whale ; trenches but the war goes on. Keep toes may b# followed by tunadpa* fat in the manufacture of margarine, hoeing. The results will be worth It string beans, lettuce or winter onions
ter
with mine
Early radWhes,
mg one see son spinach and lettuce, may be followed by latw potatoes, tale es plant, peppers, beans, l
The Observer's Leg Gone
Before we could dip out of he opened up with a-regular One of the shots “got" the
began firing. The German dropped •hot through the shoulder.
Albert—for that was his name— from *4 to #6 In dragged the wounded Boche to a tree veetigators have drawn up a set of It tore his right leg off at the knee. | and placed* him comfortably against specifications for rings which have When I say tore I mean it literally, it to await some of his own men. U* been adopted by the manufacturers. When the poor fellow dared to look the* applied a torch to the enemy ma down at his injury ha beheld the bleeding stump.
*
his range
fuetlade.
oVn^rvtT.
of the circular band should be
Government 4n-
-a*>
•weed
eyer-
ie eep Hoeing

melons or cucumbers.
) - $y peas

Prunes cooked very slowly in their
china i withou
and started his own—this time t experiencing engine trouble— own water will need no sugar
###PAGE###4###

s%

SA F HHV A RDI NO INDVSTRI ES.
| available supply of substitutes in ! Western Canada warrants.
'	“ On and after July K>th, no licensed
dealer may legally have in his jh^session for >ah* any wheat or standard Hour, unless he also has at all times a sutVivien t at h k of substitutes t«- nu et liait seen - pretty certain, from the va demands his customers, .it reasonable
rivd reports that were circulated last i week, that ex Vzav Nicholas of Russia has in some manner been disposed of by the lawless rabble who, for the time being, have the upper hand in that unhappy country
have marked the Romanoffs as the legitimate victims of the assassins
hand.
Grade IV, Jr—-Letitia Hades 83, Grade 111 M.ir dd (Jueale 87.
Grade 11 Orvillv McTiernan 1)0, Anna Quealv 79, Ethel Wall 05.
( ! rade I, Sr. Willis Smiley 75. Grade 1, Jr.—Eric Hides 85, Muriel Brownlee 79, Herman Smiley 62.
' Figures dépoté nvi entage
MÂ BEL V. B a Ms a Y, Teacher
THE EQUITY.


Some of the Problems That Fare Our
Nation.
Very serious diilleultles confront a number of industrial enterprises as a result of the embargo placed by the United States upon certain classes of exports which they require In large Quantities. With a view to removing some of these difficulties, a representative deputation of Canadian manufacturera has urged the Government to establish a War Industries Board, for the purpose of conciliating as far as possible the importation of essential raw materials. With this propos-body, committees representing various industries will co-operate by supplying the necessary technical Information. It Is hoped, says the Canadian Bank of Commerce, in its circular letter that it would be possible through such a hoard to reach the authorities at Washington directly, and thus to eliminate official delays. The difficulties are very real, and affect the entire fabric of Canadian industry.
Another difficulty, not less grave, is the delay incident to the inefficiency of transportation facilities. Not only does this apply to the distribution of factory products, but also to the movement of the raw materials required to keep industrial plants in operation. During the past winter lack of fuel—one of the Immediate consequences of inefficient t raneportation lories to close down. A spell of unusually cold weather necessitated the diversion to domestic use of fuel intended for industrial purposes. To grapple with the situation the Canadian Railway Board is asking the Government to permit drastic measures to be taken, one of which is to tear up the rails on non-essential lines, so that they may be used on lines upon which trafflc might be heaviest.
The plans for making the Dominion self-contained with regard to shipbuilding are expected to provide a sound basis for the revival of a valuable Industry, which had declin'd to negligible proportions as a remit of European competition. Practical shipping men do not expect the return of normal conditions until three or four years after the war, and the policy of subsidizing dry docks md shipbuilding for a time, and permitting free entry of necessary materials Is regarded as likely to ensure the permanency of this Industry on a considerable scale.
SHAWVILLE. JULY 4. 1918.

I ;
0 Pleasing
*
I Scientifically
| prepared
)
flavor.
I I
sKLL M BST1T1 TES WITH FLOUR
I
No. 6 BRISTOL.
Grade VII- Sadie Findlay, Velum Craig, Donald Sylvester, Malet ta Small. Grade VI Nellie Sylvester, Mary Lloyd Milks. Bert Wilson,
Il
“ I Vinous at jM>ints east ot but not including Port Arthur must purchase substitutes iu the pro) sut ion of not less than one pound ot substitutes to two pound* ot wheat or standard Hour, while persons west of ami including
Port Arthur must buy not less than one ai ml of substitutes to four pounds of wheat or standard Hour. Dealers are forbidden, on and after July 1">, to sell tlour unless substitutes in the propit^ turn stated, or to a greater proportion atr purchased.
On and after July 1\ every baker must place on each loaf of bread a label or sticker (tearing his name and address and the words " Victory Bread latter expression will be a guarantee that the prescribed amount of substitutes for standard wheat Hour required by the Canada Food Board have I teen used in making the loaf. Bread w hich does not bear such label or sticker may be seized and forfeited to His Majesty.


i
i
Findlay, d Mar) Sullivan abs Grade \
Truly Destiny appears
ed
to
ChKwin
Vivian Craig, Eva Cha
=

l*>t
4
=
Grade IV, Sr. Lila Sullivan, Alex Vliabut and Cecil Dunslow, equal Lulu Findlay, Chester Milks Hoy Sly.
Grade IV, Jr. -AlU'rtine Baird, Mil died Sly, Eleanor Wits m, Sydney Mur
Esther Findlay, Ex via
Milton Ruiaell, Elmtl Ci iig, Beeket < ’raig, Edna ( mig.
Jr. Primer - Myrtle Craig, Eva Thi-bcault, Irene Thi liait, Edith Miller.
WiNNiKBED Rankin, Teacher.

|
The appearance in London last week of the Russian revolutionary leader Kerensky, caused quite an excitement for a time, owing, no doubt, to the existing impression that he was either in hiding or imprisoned somewhere in Russia. Kerensky reached England by way of the Arctic route, and is coming over to this side of the Atlantic with the object of enlisting American sympathy and support in behalf of his sorely stricken country save
the task. Some job
Is the worlds best chew.
I "it is die most economical chew.
5
¦
roll
M
Grade II Chabot.
Sr. Primer
%
riic
mniiiiiimiimiiiiMiniiiiniiirtiiiiiimiimiiiiMiiUiiiUJiiaiiinuwnHWiinifninmm
CANADA
MILITARY. INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL
and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
No. 2 Thornk (Rooney)
Grade V11—Lizzie Black.
Grade Vi—Martin Black. .
( ! rade V — May me Dagg Grade IV- lva Sparling, Eva Sparling, Jerry Dagg, Sydney Sheppard, Violet Black.
Grade 111—Noble Sheppard, Percy Sparling, Russell Black, Bertie Black, Francis Dagg, Garnet Sparling.
(trade 11- Uiwrenve Sparling, Sarah Stirling.
Grade 1, Sr.—Veda Wood, Lewis Sparling, Janet Sparling, Bernice Sheppard. Laura Sparrow, Bazil Black.
Grade 1, Jr.—Beulah Sparrow, Vna Rooney, Denzil Black Clifford Sparling.
Prize for regular attendance awarded to Veda Wood.
lie believes the Allies can
“ The Order makes it an offence for any person to sell or have in his posses-any bread, rolls, pastry or any other product in which white or standard flour is used, which does not conform to the requirements of the Food Board. The penalty for violation of the regulations is a tine of-not less than $100 and up to $1,000, or imprisonment for a pcriisl ot three months, or both tine and imprisonment.
Russia if they set their hands to
caused many fac-
tion
The carrying out of the Registration ordinance throughout Canada seems to have been accomplished without much difficulty except in a few localities where it was not properly understood, or in others where a rebellious spirit exists toward anything and everything which emanates from the Vnion Gov-
EXHIBITION
new
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
Freddie Ebert, of Sapperton, B C„ Dead from Automobile
Injuries.
eminent now directing the affairs of the
One of the latter
country at Ottawa
places which 1ms got itself into the lime light in this connection is the county of I received word last week that her little Montmagny in this province. In two nephew, Freddie Ebert, of Sapi»erton, or three localities in the county named B. C. had been very seriously injured reports state that the Registration Act by an automobile, and a few days later violently resisted; that registra- this word was followed by the sad in-tion cards were stolen from the booths telligence that the boy had suveombed and burned in the streets ; that booths to his injuries. The following account were also rushed by mobs of young men j of the accident was git en by a local vs In* wrecked the premises and destroy | pai^er :—
.1 the cards, preventing tin»so who were
~i>; "¦ "t”	“¦ ,h" Krarray:
parish of ht. r rancois an attempt was jumi abont 9 0’clock last evening at the
made to blow up the post office, which intersection of Richmond and Simpson
foiled by the intervention of a citi- streets, by an auto driven by Mr. Harry
zen through the merest chance. The Hall, ot Port Haney. He wa* taken .	.	,	, .1	to his home and attended by Dr. Cars-
Situation seems to demand the adop	,Ater œluoVed to the Royal
tion of drastic measures on the jurt of (jolumbian hospital, where he was found
the authorities if the latter desire to con- to be in a critical condition, having sus-
the law-abiding people of Canada I tained a fracture at the base of the
that they are determined that the kwa sk^'Mr Hll„ reported the accident to of Canada shall apply to all sections	^dice, he was driving his auto west
the country and to all classes alike. 0n Richmond street. At the corner of. Things have happened and are hapiien- Simpson another auto, driven by Mr. now and then which make 1*0,,le Angus Cameron, of the Western Power
skeptical on this point. 11ns latest ex	car was lwsillg Mr. Cameron’s
ample of law defiance nflords a g,M*l the lx>y came out from behind the opportunity for the authorities to show latter. Although Mr. Hall was go ig that there is a limit to their fori>earance	a moderate rate of speed, not it. »ic
ii hitherto i, has not been reached. Peo-	ten mlles ““ hour’ ,here Wtt b"
Mrs. Allan Smith, of Campbells Bay
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden
Products—Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies-Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits-Auto Show-Dog Show-Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time” Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with 1 anks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing night, Saturday Sept. 16th—Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
Elizabeth Lett, Teacher.
Note -Several other School RcjiorU are held over till next issue.
PUBLIC NOTICE

was
Province of (Quebec,
Municpality of Clarendon.
Public Notice is hereby given that there will be held on Monday the eighth day of the month of July 1918, at the hour of ten in the morning, in the office of the Secty-Treas in the village of Shaw ville, a meeting of the Proprietors of Real Estate of this Municipality of Clarendon, entered as such on the Valuation Roll, and having paid all their School Taxes and contributions, to proceed with the election of two School Commissioners in the room and stead of Messrs. Truman A. l>rai>er and Thomas Wallace, whose term of office
Has Hand-Written Bible
44 Freddie Ebert, a hoy of h years,
Hugh Russell, of Notre Dame do Grace, Que., Is the reverent possessor of what is one of the most wonderful books in the world. It is a copy of the Bible written entirely in him own hand, and, as now bound, is not larger in size than the old style family Bible. It is beautifully written, too, bearing evidence in every word of an Infinite patience and reverence, recalling ths work of a mediaeval monk
piece of caligraphy throughout.
Mr. Russell is very modest about his achievement minister,” he said, "I am only an Drdinary commercial traveller
but I was
was
John W. Brant, Treasurer
Stewart McClbnaghan, President,
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
It is certainly a wonderful
v l nee
expires.
Given at Shaw ville, this 2 2nd day of June, 1918.
N
MARKET FOR
No, 1 am not a
m. a. McKinley,
Ass’t Secty. Treas. School Municipality of Clarendon
PULPWOOP
a
knight of tlfe road brought up by godly parents, both of them living still in Montreal, and I have love for the Book of Books.
"People should turn to the Bible to-day, and maybe my work may help a little bit in that direction. Yes, it Is a sadly neglected book and some steps should be taken to have more attention paid -to the Book of Books, in which this great conflict is assuredly foretold.”
Mr. Russell, who is a Presbyterian Scotsman, began his work in 1894 and finished it on St. Andrew’s Day, Nov. 30, 1916.
The work was done in odd moments of leisure, atlhough more than half of it was done since the present war began.
It is written in what Mr. Russell himself calls "a peculiar handwriting, almost half printing it.” It is perfectly legible, and, says Mr. Russell, "without making any boast, I would be willing, if I had money, to offer $100 for every error or omission anyone could find in it.” There are altogether 1,987 pages, the New Testament taking up 471 of these. There are double columns on each page. It was writtten in sections of twenty-four pages each.
mg
\
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
The Highest Market Price
will be paid by the undersigned tor any quantity
. solutely no chance to avoid running pie were officially told many n®00*»* I into the bo)
ago that the resistance of a war mea- Mr. Cameron also reported the acci-
incurred the danger of punishment, dent and confirms Mr. Hall s statement
that his car was going slowly. 1 liv
, ,	.	. passengers in Mr. ( 'amvi«»n > air esti-
prevented the va.rying out or execution	tin- speed of the other at eight or
of such law would be regarded as a very | ten miles
serious offender, and dealt with accord
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
Austin
Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
sure
but the person who interfered with or
PULPWOOD
To be delivered at sidings along the G. P. R. and C. N. R. Railways
ingly. The Montmagny culprits belong | Minutes Clarendon Schools to this class. Let us watch how long it will take justice to overtake them
Wyman, -Shawville - First Thursday,
ot each month.
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met June 15th. 1918. lYoent
LAWN BROS., Campbells Bay.
Chairman 1 h ipvr ; t ’«mi Food Order Requires I missioners Wallace, Laughren and 1 ra
Latest
Use of more Wheat Substitutes.
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
ty
Minutes of last meeting read and approved on motion of Comm. Laugh ren and Tracy.
Motion—Comrs. Tracy and Wallace —That the Teachers of the Township
Stop The Losses
Compulsory use of substitutes for wheat flour, by private families as well
as by bakers and public eating places, I of Clarendon be granted one day or two, has been brought into effect by the latest if needed, before 22nd June, to attend
'»r of ,h. ......1» Food Board, wued
last Tue.xd.n, contained in tho fallow | labile Instruvtiim. (Quebec.—Carried.
Applicaton ot Miss I. L Argue ac-
World's Strangest City.
The most curious of cities consists of wooden huts on wheels, to the number of about one hundred and thirty, which, when the season arrives, are rolled on to the^ice on Saginaw Bay, Lake Huron. The population of this city without a name is about five hundred. Each hut is fitted with cooking utensils, hammocks, and a stove, and is occupied by three men, whose business on the ice is to follow a peculiar method fishing.
In the centre of each hut a hole, about a yard square, is dug to the water. One of the fishermen then takes a live fish of the herring tribe, and after fastening it to a piece of pack-thread drops it into the water. The fish dashes away as swift as an arrow until it is pulled up by the thread, when It returns towards the hole followed by a host of pike and other fish desirous of feasting on the iainty morsel. Besides the hole stand the fishermen, harpoon In hand, waiting the arrival of the pursuers, who are received with thrusts of the four >r five-pronged instrument, which rarely falls to bring up some writhing victims. •
Some huts can show two hundred or more of fine fish at the end of the day's work. The most weird appearance of this city is at night, when the fishermen prosecute the work by the light of torches, which, as is well known, attract fish without the aid of the herring bait. The flaming torches and the shadows of the men leaning over the holes make a strange spectacle. If fish are not abundant In the spot chosen the hut Is wheeled to another site
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach. headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of apatite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Ren
“ I bad rheumatism in
ing statement
41 He Order defines as substitutes foi Icepted for 12 A. wheat flour, pure and wholesome corn, Motion—Com rs. Wallace and Tracy oats, barley, rive, rye, buckwheat tapi- -That the bill of supplies for No. 11, oca, or i>otato flour ; bran, shorts, oat- and scrubbing after election last Demeal,* rolled oats, corn meal, corn cember, be i>aid, less paper towels and starch, hominy, corn grits, rye meal, brooms.—Carried.
rice, tapioca, or any mixture of same, Motion—Com rs. Tracy and Wallace and potatoes. Four pounds of potatoes —That Messrs. H. S. Barnett and h. W. will be considered equivalent to one Hodgins be ap|>ointed auditors of the ]K)und of the other substitutes.	books ot the School Municipality of
is BOt prescribed by previous orders of | M^^jSjouïned.
%»
frew, writes my shoulders for over a year. 1 used two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from
all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. I). No. 5, Renfrew, ¦¦H* I was troubled with rheuma-
A Farmer often losses enough on a single sale of Cattle on the hoof, or Hogs, or Sheep, to pay for a
€
Renfrew Truck Scale
tism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me
Mrs Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St., Renfrew, writes : “ I was Doubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.”
Mr. D. M. Robertson, Renfrew “ I have not had an attack of,
The only way to stop lorses is to weigh everything you sell and everything you uuy, and the handiest Seale for the farm or any use is
Renfrew Handy Two-Wheel Truck
---SCALE------
Weighs anything and everything from 1 lb. to 2,000 lbs-
the Food Board, must use one pound of substitutes to every nine standard wheat flour sons baking for private consumption, any product in which white or standard flour is used, must use not less than one pound	of	substitutes	to every	nine
unds of white or standard wheat
MUST INCREASE PROPORTION.
44 On and after July 15, this propor tion, so far as places east of Port Arthur are concerned, must be increased to one Fades 90, W llteta Grant <9, Russell pound	of	substitutes	to every	four	Grant 79.
pounds of white or standard wheat Grade \ — Royce t rendergast 8,, flotfr. Quantities of substitutes avail- Blake McTiernan 86, 1 va Coughlin 82, able west of Port Arthur are at present Arthur Fades 80, Jim Clark» 79, Gladys too uncertain to allow of a date	being	Queale 76.	Winnie	Cartie , 2, Gerald
named	for	an increase	equal to that re-	Howard 60,	FI la	\ oung 46.
nui red for Eastern Canada, but such in- Grade IV, Sr.—Doreen Telford 92, crease will be made just as soon as the Viletta Elliott 90, George Dunlop 64.
M. A. McKinley,
' Asst. Sec.-Treas
unds of
me pou Similarly, per
District Schools
Cream Separators, Truck and Household Scales, Gasoline and Kerosene Engines, Happy Farmer Tractors, Power Drag Saws, Grain Grinders, Saw Frames, Friction Clutch Pulleys, Governor Pulleys, Pumps, Pump Jackets, Hangers, Hearings, Wood Pulleys, Belting.
Two second-hand Separators at a bargain.
June Examinations
asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw-ville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Coulonge, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., OtU-M Joyce, Quyon, One.; ot direct from the manufacturer W. Ritchie,
Box 296, Renfrew, Ont Price 75c. pel* bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover
flour
No. 11 Clarendon
Grade VII— Sadie Dunlop, 85.
Grade VI-Wilmer Elliott 91, Iva
wa
B. E. MITCHEM - Agent
Potage.
###PAGE###5###
»


THE EQUITY,
8 10603
Canadian Food Boahd License Number
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Interests.
Published every Thursday
/yt Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
/
FIVE YE.
NEW ISSUE
THE
PREPARE FOR
$6,100,000.
'0
UU ISORIPTION, $ I A Y liAU IN ^ U V A N ( K
tW Ail arrears must be paid up before my paper I# discontinued.
ADVERTISING HATES.
HOLIDAYS
CITY OF MONTREAL
retzil advertising, 10cents per lino for 4^t Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch •inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at the .rate of 8 cent* per lino for first insertion and 5 cents for subsequent insertions.
Con norolal advertising by the month for longer periods inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for Accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pnh Jlshwl free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
6% FIVE YEAR SOLD BONDS
OUTING BOOTS
DVE MAY let 1*23
DATED MAY 1st 1918
ISSUED IN COUPON FORM IN DENOMINA TIONS OF $100, $500 and $1000.
With privilege of regietration at to principal.
Principal and Intoreet payable in Cold in Montreal or at the Agency of the Bank of Montreal, New Ÿorh
Semi-annual interett payable hi May and let Noyfrpbfji
, V. & At
The legality o( the Bonds has been approved of by Messrs Fleet, Falconer, Phelan fir Booty, advocate. Montreal, and permission to issue has been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance, Ottlift.
Men’s White Canvas Boots heavy rubber sole §2.i>0
“ white rubber sole “ red “ white “ red “ white " red “ red
" high leg, Cuban Heel
and Leather Sole 2.75
Women's White Canvas Boots, high leg, low rubber heel and rubber sole 2.75
“ Pumps, high heel leather sole
“ Boots, white rubber sole
“ Boots, white rubber sole
1
1.75
ii
il
ii
1.75
If
II
Tan Running Boys’ White Canvas “ Tan Running Youths’ White Canvas
Tan Running
If
1.50
a
a
1.50
<i
h
SUBSCftirnOMS AM INVITED BT and FUITMII PAKT1CULA15 MAT K OBTAINED AT THE OFFICII OF I
VERSAILLES. VIDRICAIRE, BOULAIS
RENE-T. LECLERC
1.25
II
a
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mail
promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COW \N.
Publisher
1.25
II
ii
II
INVESTMENT BROKER
160 St James Street,
i
1.00
LTD
ii
ii
Childs Women’s White Canvas
ii
ii
Montreal
Quebec
198 St. John Street
Montreal
90 St. James Street
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
TeUpUaes I Mala 1260 ead 1261
M
Professional Cards.
(ESTABLISHED 1901)
BANQUE DMHEIAGA
dr. a. h. beers
2.25
II
II
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEM BBSS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE,
SURGEON DENTIST Campbki.l# Bat Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery
Ooc tm^of Denufsurgery, University of
Lloerttoteof Dental Surgery, Quebec
1.50
il
II
QUE
1.25
Misses’
II
— ,_v w«mf^.niro ay a u oi*a»cuçu
which quickened the energy of all branches of the service.
Where the response was so general special reference to any unit may seem odious. However, there is a certain significance about the fact that the men who know most about the Boche, those who have been In the field longest, were the most enthusiastic subscribers. The First Division, with a subscription of nearly $200,000, and the First Brigade with $85,000, of this amount top the lists. The honor for the best showing among battalions was divided between the 2nd and 4th Battalion of the First Division and the 160th Battalion of the Fifth Division.
Holiday Groceries
When you require Printing-
call at
15
S. A. MACK AY
Peanut Butter in jars Clark’s Tongue Ham Veal Pate Clark’s Sliced Smoked Beef Finest Mixed Pickles
Sweet Gherkins Onion Pickles Olives—plain or stuffed
25
notary public
Shawville,
25
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Que.
for 20 and 35
35
II
a. j. McDonald b. c. l.
20
II
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
15, 20, 25
ADVOCATE, BADDISTE*, Ac.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
'Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
II
G. F. HODGINS CO. L TD.
A Curious Incident
Pontiac’s Only Newspaper
There is a rather neat historical tribute to the looseness and rattle-someness of the windows of the churches in the olden days. It refers ¦ to the time when, in September, in the snn or over lient from fire. 1716, the Frenchman. d'Anville, had Stir occasionally when drying, assembled his great expedition— When dry, condition for four or forty ships, 4,000 regular soldiers, five days, then store in jars, cans, the most powerful expedition which etc., as desired, keeping them in a up to that time had ever been sent dry place.	from Europe to North America—for
Corn.—This is one vegetable if i descent on Boston, and on Sunday properly dried is sweeter than Rev. Thomas Prince, in the pulpit of when canned. To dry corn boil it the Old South Meeting House, had
oil the cob from five to ten minutes, been praying that something might
Cutoff the kernels and spread to happen to that fleet. What then hap-dry as for )>eas. Dry quickly, K>ened is told in Wisners "Historical without heating too high, to pre- Armons’*: A sudden gust of wind vent souring. When dry it may hr<)*e (the day had until now been be stored as other vegetables or perfectly clear and calm) so violent
P,.v,D,Ctt0nbeg9a,,d hU,,g 1,1 ft I y"ndow8,"8The revererTd pas”or°paU
small pieces (about one 1,1( h 111 )ur enemies and save the country length) Spread out to dry as for Lrom conquest and popery.”) A tens-pt-Hs until leathery and there is no 30St engued- in whlch the greater sign of moisture. ( ondition and )ir^ 0f ^e French fleet was wrecked
J
GEO. G. WRIGHT, K. G.
AC
Aivooati, Barrister
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORAMCE HALL, SHAWVILLE I
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
198 Main St. - Hull.
PHONE BELL
o
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
O. Y. B, LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. m.
E. S. H. Workman, Irvin Hamilton. W. M.	Bee. Secy
ADVOCATE
BAPRI 5TER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed «lesdar and Shawville every Saturday.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
L. O. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of eac-1. month
Herb Hoixiinb W.M
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 14th of each month.
H. N. Hodoins,
W. Cmop. in Com
Reo. Hodoins, Sccy.

dr
Beylin St. Marie & Dims
Reo. Hodoins Com. Seri lie.
t
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo.
HULL -
Will attend Courts and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
Custom Sawing1.
191 MAIN ST.,
The Trotting Stallion
DIRECTUM'S POSTER
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Store ns peas.	ho the coast of Nova Scotia
Note. -To condition after dry- Duke d’Anville, the principal general Will ho of thp	ling.—Put dried product in dish, in,j the second in command both
in uo ai nit,	leaving exposed to air, but not to oramitted suicide. Many died wit*
D	II	04-aUIao insects for four or live days. lisease, and thousands were consign
KUSS6II H0US6 vtaUlBS I Each d«y stir well or pour from hd to a watery grave. The small num
one receptacle to another. It Sal her who remains alive returned tc essential to condition products be- France without health and without fore storing them.	îpirits.	Longfellow’s	poem	on thii
Lavra	Kirby,	episode	is familiar.	The	Boston
Macdonald College. | Transcript does not know whethei
my one has ever inquired Into the curious circumstances that a wind, blowing evidently from the north-last, should have made itself fell igainst the rattling windows of th€ The Men In Khaki Were Very Gen- | Old South Meeting House in Boston,
before It swooped down on the coast )f Nova Scotia. It would be Interesting to	be assured	that	Parson
Prince’s prayer was not really ex post facto.
The
GEORGE E. MORENGY
DOMINION * PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
' ALL KINDS OF
¦Surveying. Division and Subdivision of
during the present
¦executed carefully to the cattofao- for ailVOne desiring his
tton of parties.
0	m ___	services.
162 Wellington St. - - HULL.
.Phone : Queen 5230.
T, SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
season
II
If
11
I
Terms : $10 for season ; $15 to insure.
N. R. BROWNLEE,
RUSSELL HOUSE,
HELPED THE WAR LOAN.
GEORGE HYNES
erous Subscribers
SHAWVILLE.
That the Canadians at the front are Just as willing to fight with dollars as with bayonets Is shown by a report from the Militia Department.
-----	Strayed from pasture m Litchfield a	%% the soldier, subscribed
Pdrsonallttention.openallhours.	t	*l<în J* hVn.'l h»1* Subscription lists were opened lm-
joint puffed. Information about him will mediately on word being received be thankfully received.	from Ottawa. There warn no propa-
STEWART. ganda or coaxing of any kind and R R No. 1, Shawville. no newspaper campaign aa In Canada.
It Is pointed out, also, that In view of the high cost of living, smallness of pay and facilities and necessity for
WORK A SPECIALITY
FENCING AND CEMETERY
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Steer Astray
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
More Recriminations
The recriminations between On arto and Quebec go merrily on. In Ontario the newspaper writers had heir Innings when they talked about he Intolerance and bad manners of he audiences that refused to give a tearing to Unionist candidates dur-ng the recent election. Now the , T _	®	_ Quebec papers are getting back at
SOUP MIXTURE.—This has prov* enlarged expenditures which sur- roronto Qn account of the howling
EE***
... ..pal..	% rÆS-s-A s?; s ï. cc, :sr sjsuns
" QUE. condition four oi five days before overseas will be paid for on the In- reedom of 8peech among ourselves.”
_ storing, then store in jars, tins stalment plan by monthly deductions , a Patrle Baye; "The former Sec-boxes, etc., and keep in a dry from pay. Some cheques came from .etary of gtate for the United States % place.	France drawn on, slips of papers.	wanted to discuss prohibition In
Small pieces of left over raw The loan was put before the men x rit wh|ch ^asts 0f having closed vegetables may be dried at any through the efforts of the general of- ije hars and prides Itself on possess time and stored, thus building the fleers commanding. The collecting a monopoly of all the virtues.
J | soup mixture gradually.	was done by the paymasters of the ^ourteay And politeness are then
GREEN Peas.—Have peas young uni ta. Comparative standing of the v,lh Torontonians merely scraps of and tender. Wash before shelling subscriptions of the various units Shell and spread on trays to dry was published daily tn_orders and a
t
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.

UNDERTAKING

and EMBALMING
Methods for Drying
Shawville— Ottawa :
Lv Shawville (B) 7.35, a. m. Av Ottawa 9.30, a. m. Lv Shawville (B) 7.04, p. in. Av Waltham 8.30, p. m
Ottawa—Maniwaki :
Lv Ottawa Central (A)	“	9.00, a. m.
Lv Ottawa	“ (C) 12.53, p. m.
Lv Ottawa	“ (B) 4.30, p. m.
W. J. HAYES
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
Ottaw a—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv Ottawa Central (A) 6.50, a. m Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa Lv Ottawa
“	(A) 6.40, a. m
8.46, a. m “	(A) 3 30, p m
AGENT FOR
Ottawa—Pembroke :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (B) 8.00, a. m.
Lv. Ottawa *	" (B) 4.45, p. m.
Ottawa—Soo, Ont :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 12 25, p. m.
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver :
Lv Ottawa Broad St. (A) 2.05, a. m.
Explanation of signs :—(A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Saturday
SHAWVILLE •
only
«
U all countries. Ask for our INVEN TOR'S ADVISKR.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
364 University SU Montréal.
For further particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
mn«r ”

###PAGE###6###
Runaway Julietta ^||[|] fgfljjljl
Cream Wanted
2
fsSm
»
\
I
•weir OR CHURNING CREAM
By Arthur Henry Gooden
We supply cane, pay express charge# and remit daily.
NM
*,000 Rod*, from 8Î cant* par rod, . Shipped promptly from stock.
Write for Price List.
A. R LUNDY
< CHAPTER IX.
She Meets the Lover of ( hildhood
Days.
Julietta arose with the dawn, and * queer expreasicn.
a few minutes later she was ridingi 'Huh! Tweren’t no marriage—no __________________________________Toronto_ 1N hHUBARB TIME.
sn	h*® war	«Jtt ^"oîviiïr""iVLt: v* the rf,uberb ,rom b,eech 0,11,1	£ KTto M-eke
:HT«	Mil
The mare straight, an* so did everybody eke. A faiv t0 ,Rte w^en the flush of victory ‘ " in du taries containing meat, with a will to make the most of the to provide the absolutely necessary
#	«	it—.a	it	•	«	«	•	b .	é • ¦ m m-\	ê L a	. aa a «a -a. L l ™ — —	b __ _a _ w	da i r il* s	o twi aa sa n 1 ¦	l,	. a a	r. — i —	¦	—	—	-	.	¦ «	a > > (a _ i* ... a < t	•
remember you now. Seen your cousin yet- -Maggie Wurrell, I mean?"
“Auntie said she was married.”
I Eitzhorn stared around at her with

up
u
TEUTON FURNITURE FAMINE.
255 King St. West
by a second, " 'tweren't no fault and a flock of wild ducks rocketed up thought the feller all square an' and over the willows r~~ jumped,
Julietta.
plunging animal, the willows parted aside with a crash, and through them doin’ right smart rame a man—tall,	sinewy, eager- the weddiiV, quit
faced, a cork helmet pushed carelessly out 1
back on his head to reveal thick dark East,- so ne snips town ami Maggi ¦¦¦¦He carried a shotgun, and folks drop her like a h<>t horiesh over one broad shoulder hung a fat Mighty gamebag.	I Julie
For a tournent they stared at each other, Julietta flushing slightly. Then,1 go and see her. ' a* though she were whom she had •he spoke quietly:
"Hello, Clayl”
The young man started, harder at her. Julietta laughed, a I guess trifle queerly.
"You were always so nice to me,
Clay, but now—"
The bewilderment in the
T tne willows. 1 ne mare straignt, an so tim every txxly ehte. A ---------- ,------}----- v,‘ ?•vw./	—	, —.	witn a win to mane tne most orme w ysuviw me uurunuieiy nrvi
andja startled cry broke from high-col fared duck he was, worked in , rn* ^•**J 'nl‘)> ruthless beasts. I	Ml_tcer*a being in a fact a supply of fruit and vegetables which furniture for the poorer classes.
Hospitals and other municipal
quieted the the drug store smooth talker an’ all have met them when defeat has driven rh*#P «pring tonic and regulator. the war gardens have already begun
ows parted that. Guess Maggie thought she was them to fiendish cruelties. And they A P*irt °f the plentiful spring sup- to yield	I stitution, serve as gathering placet
for	herself.	-	After	| would rule the world ! tîod deliver us p^-v rhubarb should be saved for Before another day passes the	wise	for furniture belonging to deceased
narrer way of	actin',	I	say."	Rritisb navy who was taken prisoner 1 onserves and confections. Rhubarb. ning equipment. The season	has	papers add that the municipality is
ulietta nodded tacit assent.	af Antwerp and has spent three and lns lhp avld necessary for jelly mak-i come and if she i« unprepared to meet also having designs made for simple
‘‘Where can I find Maggie? I must a half years in a German prison, l>ut lacks the pectin content which % ,he should immediately get to work auites of living room and bedroom fur-
camp.	| ¦ the 8econd essential for a good jelly. &nd secure the materials necessary for niture and has applied to the army au-
m&m
-j - r-------»*	defence of Antwerp. He was taken rbu >arb, 2 oranges, 2 lemons, 5 pounds stoppers are not secure, or that she
prisoner, but at last escaped to Hoi- a^ar» 3 9uarUl water- Wash and cut has not enough containers.	1	The bloom should be clipped from
land. From there the letters were 016 rhubarb into one-half inch pieces. Her work will be cut in half if	she1	flowering shrubs as soon as the bloom
face, very brown and healthy-looking, She knocked at the door a trifle their latest offensive. Some of our burb an<‘ sliced oranges and lemons was turned up to her laughingly. "Of	timidly; it was opened by a	woman returned men have seen horrible train-	t°Ketber for fifteen minutes,	if neces-
course it's you! I knew you'd come	who stood gazing inquiringly	at her. I loads of humanity passing through	sary* add*n£ a very little	water to
back some day!"	I "Maggie! ’ Jutietta sent out her "Doberitz seems years ago now Pavent the fruit from burning. Add
3 iKsrtv srr&•	Z tr ss- r a
“At the Wurrells’î"	I "Lizzie Dare?" she said faintly. BnJoke the method of conveying the ,lo~*yrup 18 llke iel|y-
"Yes. I'm afraid I surprised them Julietta's arms closed around her. information is this: Remove the pipe, , ubarb Conserve (II). 4 pounds awfully." Julietta withdrew her Three minutes later they were sit- cigar or cigarette from the mouth of rnubarh, i pineapple (1 pound), 5 hand from his grasp and brushed aside ting inside the cabin. itéré a sur-	the offender by means of a blow	from	P°un<” su#ar» ^ pound chopped wal-
a truant curl.	prise met Julietta, for she had come	the butt end of the rifle	on the	back	nut meats« ** P°und raisins. Wash
"You're just the same, only grown prepared to meet squalor; instead,	0f the head	and cut rhubarb as above. Peel pine-
up," and Thorpe grinned happily, however, she found a scrupulous neat-	“These guards are onlv	exnert	with	aPPle and cut in fine pieces. Cook to-
•“ - “ 3s- qb sr	%%=z
For half an hour they sat on the	with the hotel laundry," said	Maggie flre flve sbots at a Russian who was	,rais m and cook elowIy tl11	°* JelIy"
bank of the creek Julietta told some-	apologetically. Then, a* she	caught lying wounded at the entrance to his, ,,	L	,
thing of herself, but nothing of her Julietta's gaze wandering around the hut before they finished him; the bandied Rhubarb.—3 cupfuls rhu-having worked and made money, while room, her voice and eyes became chal-1 distance was about twenty yards One barb* ** cupfuls sugar, % cupful wain turn Thorpe recounted briefly his	lenging. "You've	heard about—about	guard, however, was a better shot- he* teT' Make	a syruP of tbe sugar and
the yearSv He,WaS mast*r	r16; ,of 5)UM?;	1 know what you're	killed Mathews, one of our fellows,	water< To	the syruP add rhubarb
"And why is it, then," she asked,	it wasn't my	fault!" Maggie's	eeen bX a guard, who fired at him a	; af, w 1	lts ^haPe; A double.
"that some of these ranches are deso-	shoulders shook convulsively.	distance of about fifty yards and miss-	,1Qr may	be used satisfactorily if
Julietta stroked the tear-wet cheek, ed him. But the bullet hit a tent in uncovered to allow evaporation. All banquets and other meetings at “There, there, Maggis dear!" she which the men were eating their soup-	until rhubarb is soft and the which refreshments are served, when
f	h\li W-at<ir;y<?U IT*0??1 * /Ite g0in5	out.it killed one man and caused another	lfl not too dilute to give the BUCh are considered necessary, should
’	1" :	for y0U an3 1,ttle haby-| to lose his leg.	sweetness desired. Let stand forone be so arranged as to take the place of
Maggie's body suddenly relaxed I “At Robrbach camp a poor fellow <lay rat„ ,1' ^longer if possible. Then ' regular meals, and not constitute pany;	and the "Oh. Lizzie,"^he was crying	now,	went mad; he put	his face through	cerefully lift the pieces from the	tra meals.	Banquets, etc., at other
Burt,	who re- but it was a quiet weeping, "I	used	tbe wire	close to a	sentry, who fired	S>,*UP wirn a fork, draining off as	than regular meal hours represent a
to be so mean to you—I know I was. and blew his head off.	much liquid as possible. Place on a very considerable waste of food. With
I didn’t know any better "In our dugout in Germany we had P^ube and a^ow to dr>" twenty-four to a little thought they could be arrang-
. # i ? ii n	-----------f Lizzie.	I’m willing to a sweet little canary that used to sing forty-eight hours. The fruit should ^ so as not to constitute an extra
«No	uaW	ran h* work* Fm wilUiif to	fight	to us all	day long.	We brought him	flrm and candied. Roll In granulat-	meal.
Dumped." Clav shrugged	his big ?.nd stru^le along for baby- but, oh,	with us,	and until	we reached the	sugar as grape fruit or orange peel	A person	who eats more food than
shoulders and stared moodily at the I1.?1 80 liret^ abd—and people every- Dutch frontier he never even chirped. is ^oated. The process cannot be hur- he needs is to-day helping the enemy flowing current below them. "Pump- * ,	pomtmg fingers at me I "When the train crossed	the fron-	rled* , d06* r)ot require much time	because	he	is	not	giving to	our	soling machinery is so expensive, and j	gave her a great r<'assur_ j tier line all was still, as every one was	in avtua1 attention but is extended	diers and Allies	that	support	which	is 1
most of us are so stubborn in the con- ,,y _	,	^ i v t«> vonr wn^htuh Gaining his eyes to get a glimpse of fver a j01}* periodl The syrup can necessary to win the war. War has
less.	The owner must starve or get	wi4tb a ,wan amile- . .	T1 . tast0 ^ ..*ben	81l“P,y ^oked—.	sugar, 6 cupfuls water. Cook rhu-
out.	A dozen families have been	Youvs	a way with you,	Lizzie—, steamed boiled or	baked -and served	barb till tender and mb it through a
starved out, and Burt has bought you	™®ke folks feel that you really with a little salt, butter,	milk or	sieve> Cook sugar and water until it
their land cheap. That’s all."	care	1f.or them;. 1 dldl? ? mêa" cream. Often a heavily	seasoned	makes a good syrup. Add the gela-
"But you?" cried Julietta. "You uP a11 your time talkmg aboilt my-, sauce covers up the most	derirable	tin and cooled rtiubarb. When cold
domg W,'L	zTh'e« imp*ir'
"I took my own way of getting wa-	seeing; so	it was not until she heard tboM f1ax or* ^ ery	delicate Un vors are	Can the rhubarb now and later when
ter.	Wurrell took his I mortgaged	a voice *f	greeting that she	saw the destroyed, while	vegetables with	putting up fruits combine with pine-
the old place up to the eyes and put in speaker in the warehouse doorway. strong flavors, such as cabbage or apple, strawberries or red raspberries, a pumping plant. Cost a mint of ,9°°^ morning 1*	onions, become disagreeably strong if Tliese are more strongly flavored and
money, but its’ made good."	L .®he Î00 .	!*p an, _aew,Andy, Burt cooked too long. Overcooking also ; when added to the rhubarb impart
This makes a cheaper product than the more expensive
„	, . ... ,	........ —_______________ .... Co?k 8ummer vegetables as soon af- fruit» used alone and H is none the '
response He seemed absorbed in the la3t half-hour had drawn her close to ter the>- »re gathered as you can, In leas delicious.	I
mm wmmmsmm
bay mare splashing toward home | me right now-the grapes I’ve got out Wl^h^old1 wat,er W,U prevent Wlltlng in which the fruit has soaked. Sweet-She was just finishing breakfast on tra vs! Been over to see your an< discoloration.	en to taste.
back."	An alien land in rrmnce.	be added if deaired. Serve ice-cold in
An hour later JulietU drew rein in	coIors of th<> .*	Goitre Investigation.	glasses with a bit of mint leaf or
front of the smithy in La Vina, hitch- Flashed out upon my view	Dr.	F. J. Shepherd, late Dean of the rose geranium in each glass. This ie
ed her bay mare, and entered. A The glowing rM, th^ spotless white, pacu]ty of Medicine of McGill Uni- a delicious summer drink. m*n, working • huge pair of bel Iowa, The deep and darling Mue.	rvenity,	Montreal, and an authority on Canned Rhubarb for Sauce.—Wash
Sïïwenrf"hU face" la^e.M For in the field, that war had	spared	*<>itre, has ju.t completed an Inveati-	rhubarb. Cut in piece^ Blanch one
fuB. while hi* head, entirely bald.	The cornflowers matched the	sky,	^atlon of tke Prevalence of this die-	or two minute* in boiling water
shone in the red glare like polished, With snow of lilies shimmering	eesc ,n Alberta for the Comm,sawn of Plunge into cold water and pack at
ivory, and with startling effect.	j The scarlet poppies nigh.	Conservation. The investigation was once into Jars. Pour over it a hot
“Good morning, Mr. Fitzhom," and	whjte b]ue tbe Hea that undertaken as a result of represents- eyrup of one quart of water to one
Julietta handed nim the broken gear-!	’bind*	tions made to the Commission that	cupful sugar. Adjust rubber and
ln* ' A !îrte e in in mw^1* burry	j cried tilt's# hues divine	goitre was becoming unduly prevalent	partly seal. Set the jars in a hot-
"Meaniii’ Jim who?"	Bespeak this soil as Freedom', too,	that province. _ W	water both and steam for twenty
Julietta lau^&ld? '"r*Uxaie Dare!" ! ^ t^gr^or^ ^ tonane.	Young chicks pestered with lice will Canned Rhubarb forties.—Ca ref ul-
ed amaaediy; he wiped Rb hand, on t " ***	*	,f	y<HJ “avent, youngster, closely, and if there is any nearly even lengths and pack into
hi, leather apron and held one forth. d°ne H* ia to fall in love with your §jgn 0f vermin apply grease to the cl**n jar,. Fill the jars with cold “Tgo -old WurreiVe niece’ Sure, I * >rk R by Wh h to Rba.	head and under the wings.	j water and seal. Wrap jar, in paper
Then, as she
inr
Recent Berlin
hair
necessary
CHAPTER X
It also assures a
Nothing better ij made
Holds the Strainer Cloth.
X
##
i
J
1
m©%
p
A
This simple device will hold a strainer cloth over kettles, jars, pails, and the like. It consists of two upright slats or thin boards with two horizontal boards connecting, one at a few inches from each end of the uprights. A small nail sticking up through each comer holds the strainer in place.
see you again!"
1FSB1L >
..lye
'"ORT SOAP <1 to"®*
6
4
Nothing better on be
AVOID ALL EXTRA MEALS
Social Custom* Must be Altered to Conform to War-Time Needs.
^xvruick,
"It's Andy Burt," he said grimly "We ranchers must have water, yc
the creek. But the creek happens to! I know it." be owned, clear up to its source, by the La Vina Ditch Company; and the said company is Andy fuses to sell any water.
"Refuses to sell?" Julietta's eyes But opened widely. "Nonsense! He can then
work,
ex-
1
i



.food
I’m
\
\
rDofcrwod
cE
r—TSlf .
«75
W% $5 25
T.WWJOHTOO.,
• HAMILTON Æ
/

I
¦i iiinMiiiiiiHBriiiiiHMiniffi
mmi
mimeetmm
Williams
New
Settle
3ney, but its’ made good."	lSbe looked up and saw Andy Burt cooked too long. Overcooking also when added
Thorpe stirred uneasily but made no vaguely disliked him, but because the soonse. He seemed absorbed in the v. i# i_______a__________ l____i___».
npHB outward beauty * thbt distinguish## a William# New Seal# Plane Is an Index of Its Intrinsic worth. Ideal# are built Into every en# of thee# fa q»ou a	Instrument#—
Ideal# of craftsmanship that make for the most enduring quality.
Bungalow Model, $460.00
THE WILLIAMS PIANO CO., LIMITED, 03HAWA, ONT.
Canada** Oldest and Largest Plan, Makars
niiiMniMimiiiiiii


Ingram’s
%£Ivcola ,
rSouveraine
Face Powder.

r v*
tV 11
*
\
free Oomoilineee end ehinioeeeie the de' (ji! 1 «^ofevery woman. Beet ofall powders
>¦	*nd attractive. Hide# minor blemishes,
th* Uttle wrinkles, end blende so mar
M.1L aaJ r	r. J#fAA ve lonely with the complexion that it le
¦weed Creee • 50c sad $1.0#	scarcely visible. It ad hr res even Iho
Vdreele Seevwaiae Fees Powder 50c the ek,n be warm and moist, and h has
a refined and gentle fragrance.
•	•	**< For the sake of youthfùl charm uee In-
25c ftam’e Milkweed Cream. Its daily osa enable# you to retain the charm and color of girlhood. It Is curative and
teeft (3 shed##) .	.
60c
25c
25c
healthful for the skin tisanes. Your d ruggiet baa a complete line of Ingram's toilet products including Zodenta for the teeth
WINDSO*. CAN
At

###PAGE###7###
T
f
Kimono. In 8 sizes, email, medium •nd large. Price, 20 cents.
Thoee patte me may be obtained raejpeieMial litlu HHv -a repaire ^rom y°ur local McCaU dealer, or
°" " -"d st'
»
TŒS9D'
AutoStrop
6PBR
A Frayer.
Somewhere across the in tee ted see, Serving the cause of liberty,
Dear Lord, is my brave son,
I know not how he fares to-night. But keep him ever in Thy sight,
For I have but the one.
Thou gavest two to bless my life,
But one fell early In the strif My firsts begotten son.
I He with his comrades marched away, And then a message cams one day— Dear Load, I have but one.
Then, while so sorrowed and bereft, Though only he to me was left,
I could not say him nay,
Who urged that duty bade him go— His country called, he said, and so How could I bid him stay?
But oh, dear Lord, ’tie hard to bear, With not another child to share The hearth when day is done!
I can but kneel to Thee and pray:
Be with him through the hellish fray And keep Thou safe my son!
I know the cause is good and true,
I know that suffering must ensue Before the fight is won.
But bear with me, 0 Lord, this night; Be Thou my solace in my plight And guard my only son.
I
ANY CORN LIFTS OUT,
DOESN'T HURT A BITI
M«4«J *### #,»*.
»w.M. in
I VII i
No foolishness I Lift your corns end calluses off with fingers —If# like magic!
THt whitest,
SPORTS IN WAR TIME.
Bomb-Throwing Becomes an Event at
Athletic Meets.

Bore corne, hard come, soft corns oi .....	. any kind of a corn, can harmlessly be
A new event is being added to the lifted right out with the fingers If you liHt of athletic contests participated in	Upon the corn a few drops of
at college track meets. It is grenade free sons, says a Cincinnati authority, throwing. Dummy grenades have been
placed on the market which are exact duplicates in weight and appearance of the deadly hand missiles employed by our men in the trenches. In recognition of the fact that correct throw-,, , ee ^	.
ing may be something more vital than ,f |M	and <!< *'H 11 ul ev,‘“ r
a mere accomplishment for our young 110 BUrround n* 8kln whllti up_ men, college coaches are giving it a ^ ,n#i 11 ' ' HfUrvvar^*
This announcement will interest
Fashions for The Week
r\
i

For little cost one can get a small bottle of freetone at any drug store, which will positively rid otte’s feet of every corn or callus without paln>
This simple drug dries the moment


IT!
z
\
i

?
I

t
ran


V
v
/
*>

o
AINS NO AtUyE
1
place along with shot putting and hammer throwing, indicating | even our sports are being affected by the world war.
that many of our readers. If your druggist hasn't any freezone tell him to surely get a small bottle for you from his wholesale drug house.
MADfe IN CANADA

On Land or Sea

Z
GIRLS! LEMON JUICE
A Field in Flanders.
[Extract from a letter from the front: “I saw a few wind-flowers the other day, and a vast meadow full of kingcups, and that was enough to make me happy for weeks.”]
IS SKIN WH1TENER.
The AutoStrop answers the call efficiently—it is the only razor in the world that automatically sharpens its own blades, therefore, it is the only razor that is always ready for service.
How to make # creamy beauty lotion
for a few cents.
Volunteer Rationing in Canada.
Each Province in the Dominion has been asked to form a scheme of ra-
The juice of two fresh lemons strained into a bottle containing three ounces of orchard white makes a whole quarter pint of the most re-I markable lemon skip beautifier at * about the cost one must pay for a Their joyous court they proudly hold
small jar of the ordinary cold creams.	K*y nicadow-land.
Care should be taken to strain the lemon juice through a fine cloth so no lemon pulp gets in, then this lotion will keep fresh for months. Every woman knows that lemon juice is used to bleach and remove such blemishes as freckles, sallowness and tan and is I the ideal skin softener, whitener and There is a bank in Flanders beautifler.	Where celandinea a-blow
Just try it! Get three ounces of Lift up their shining heads and peer orchard white at any drug store and To see their lovely image clear two lemons from the grocer and make In a bright pool below.
I up a quarter pint of this sweetly fragrant lemon lotion and massage it daily into the face, neck, arms and hands.	'
¦Eluard'¦ idalment Oom Oolde. Eté.
There is a field in Flanders
tioning for its own people. Thus the
Canada Food Board hopes to provide The British Army is to lave an ofll- for each Province's own particular ctal weather forecaster, says a London conditions, despatch. Battles may be won or lost owing to the unforeseen atmospheric
conditions, and experts will	he ap	/xnk	EIGHTY HORHK-POWER
pointed to make daily reports of prob-	| f Boiler, with	too ft of 2* in pipe.
able changes in the weather.	stiff-leg	Derrick;	second hand Hawyer-
•	Massey	Tractor	Knglne. Grey Iron
Castings made to order. The Dominion Foundry. Twned. Ont.
Where yellow king-cups stand; Like fair princesses clad in gold
Weather Forecaster for Army.

There is a wood in Flanders,
A little shimmering wood,
Where wind-flowers sway among the grass
And smile upon you as you pass.
As country maidens should.
TO» SALE
The AutoStrop will
give your soldier or sailor Ud the same clean, com fort-able shave he enjoyed at home, no matter whore he is or under what condition he usee #L
MONEY ORDERS.
Remit by Dominion Express Money ] W Order. If lost or stolen you get your money back.
EEKLT NEWSPAPER FOR HAL» In New Ontario. Owner going to Will sell 12.000 Worth double Apply J. H, c/o Wilson . Limited. Toronto____________
(V	NEWSPAPER
,rhe ?"«*«? .*" *? Pnnnp‘l ,fl*!d O.î.r.*D<l.^burSr„c.,,rn:,r^BS,lÎ00E“^r5
crops of the United States is officially fo tor SI given at 346,647,000 against 369,626,- ^11won pu 000 last year.	' j
Give him an AutoStrop it's the gift he needs.
France
that amount Publishing Co

AutoStrop Safety Razor Co.

\
200 on quick sal bllshlog Co. T,td
Box ##L oronte.
•t
And you who go in English fields,
Oh think not that our days Are wholly dark or wholly ill,
For there are flowers in Flanders still And still a God to prlase.
S3-S7 Dmk* 3t
>
\
c
ancer tumors, lump», etou
Internal and external, cured
treatment Bellmaa
Ti
TTiis dress requires only three and one-quarter yards of forty-inch satin and one and five-eighths yards of fifty-four-inch serge, tern No. 7986, Ladies’ Dress. In 5 sizes, 34 to 42 bust. Price, 20 cents.
Klnard’s Lüuneat Cures Distemper.
wits»
Write Medical
4
'
eut palm i r ear home
m,	«,	. *	....	, . as before too late. Dr
The estimated yield for winter r~ T.tmfted. Coiilngwond. oat
wheat in the United sStates is 672,000,000 bushels, compared with 418,
000,000 last year and a five year average of 663,000,000.
HORSES IN WAR.

- R. F.
39-l-lê
McCall Pat- Certain Work in Modern Warfare Can
Be Done Only by Horses.
t
ABSORBine
** trade mark mg. as. pat. off
Tractors Still Available.
The first thousand Fordson tractors purchasable* from Henry Ford and Son by the Canada Food Board have been sold to Canadian Farmers, who wish to secure such tractors In future should place their orders with the Department of Agriculture in their own Province, and until further notice such orders will be handled in the same way^as the first thousand.
There seems to be a rapidly increasing opinion that the day of the horse in war has passed. The nearly four years of warfare in Europe has shown this to be an entirely erroneous idea.
On the Western front, where the road system is probably the best )n the world, mechanical traction has not been able to displace the horse. In general, it might be said that the line between mechanical and horse traction on a battlefield is the extreme limit of the enemies’ artillery fire when any heavy action is going on. The horse is used on the battlefield and the mechanical traction in the rear of it
Of course, during calm periods, mechanical traction is used along the rear part of the battlefield. There are various reasons for this division. Probably the main one is that batteries frequently must be placed and supplied in positions some distances from a road.
If the army is operating on conquered ground, this ground generally Is so cut up with old trenches and shell holes that horse traction, and only horse traction, is practicable. Frequently the mud is so deep that mechanical traction is helpless, many cases no wheeled carriages of any kind can move. In such pack animals have to be used.
So well are these conditions recognized that, in spite of th* tremendous weights of heavy artillery material For the dainty negligee, this design the slowness and difficulty of
McCall moving them by horse traction, it is
Reduces Bursal Enlargement* Thickened, Swollen Tissues, Curbs. Filled Tendons. Sore* ness from Bruises or Strains} stops Spavin Lameness, allays pain. Does not blister, remove the hair or lay up the horse. $2. SO a bottle St druggists or delivered. Book 1 R free.
ABSORB1NE, JR., for mankind—an antiseptic liniment for bruises, cuts, wounds, strains, painful, swollen veins or glands. It heals and soothes. $I.2S a bottle at drug* gists or postpaid. 'Will tell you more if you ? write,
W.F.TOUNO. P. 0. P„ $16 Lytiafts Mf. Montreal. Cam. ibsorbiuc sod Absorbing Jr. are nude is Cana*
farmers.
X
/T<
our shoes neat
E
Food Saving In Hawaiian Islands.
The Red Cross is $1,000 richer as a result of the first reported violation of Food Administration rules and regulations in the Hawaiian Islands. Ah

IN
yljf
I
i

1:
$
I
It is false economy to use chekp, inferior tea, for it yields so poorly in the teapot. Use only the genuine Salada to secure the maximum num-
Leong, a Chinese merchant in Hono- ^eevxr- n/vi
lulu, has been allowed to suspend busi- I VHIIr |F$ 11 |\Hp\
ness for one week, and donate to the	BVL ¦ VLIsJIILJ
LIQUIDS and PASTES
ABUCK.WHm .TAN. DARK brown
a

ssf;r "*d' EH-E'E SsSTs
__	the first offense several weeks ago j


OR OX-BLOOD SHOES
PRESERVE the LEATHER
the Chinese pleaded ignorance of the law and was allowed to continue business. About three weeks later he have been invited to submit designs made another sale of flour without the
for food restriction posters, says a I required amounts of substitutes. J.
recent Paris despatch. Among those F Childs, Federal Food Administrator ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ accepted Is one by a little girl repre- for Hawaii, reports that action in this T¥ j A t* TrT*T"' T"X sen ting a group of children gazing at caBe ha8 had a very salutary effect YV A IV I K I J a shop window filled with confection- upon other Oriental merchants, and ? ?	1 X
ery cakes. “We can do without that practically all of them are now I 1	ID I Q
them is the legend below.	| Hned up 8olid with the Food Admits- |1VV VJ I I\ L 3
tration.
French Children Draw Food Posters.
rwrfDAunr c
Im.MFKtOe.t
%
School children in the Paris schools
I
V
Heals Pimples With One Cake Soap and One Box Ointment
r
4

Face never free from them for two or three years. Were sore and often became large and hard. Left dark, red blotches that disfigured face. Nothing did much good till tried Cuti cur a. Helped from first application and now face Is healed.
From signed statement of Mies Lorens Kennedy, R. R. 1, Williams* town, Ont., March 7, 1917.
Use Cutlcura Soap for toilet poses, assisted by touches of Cutlcura Ointment to soothe and heal any tendency to irritation of the skin and Scalp. By using these fragrant, super-creamy emollients for all toilet purposes you may prevent many skin and scalp troubles becoming serious.
For Free Sample Each by Mall address post-card: “Cuticura, Dept. A, Boston, U. 8. A." Sold everywhere.
to work in knitting mills. All kinds of operations on Underwear and Hosiery. Good wages paid while learning. Write or ’phone
&
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
Dear Sirs,—This fall I got thrown on a fence and hurt my chest very bad, so I could hot work and it hurt me to breathe. I tried all kinds of
Liniments and they did me no good., ,	^	,
One bottle of MINARD’S LINI- trawler from Prince Rupert, showing
how Pacific flat-fish s#e caught and handled, under the auspices of the Board, for distribution in the Western Provinces, as a reasonably priced substitute for meat.
In
Motion Picture Fishing Voyage. The Canada Food Board is circularizing a film taken on board a Pacific
cases
r-
•i1»
MENT, warmed on flannels and plied on my breast, cured pletely.
ap-me com-
il particularly attractive.
Pattern No. 7821, Ladies’ and Misses, considered that only half the heavy
batteries should have mechanical traction.
Limited
PARIS, ONTARIO
C. H. COSSABOOM.
Rossway, Digby Co., N.S.
' An army must still have animals for all its cavalry, the usefulness of which is far from disappearing; it must have horses for all its light field artillery, half its heavy field tillery, and all its regimental and divisional supply trains.
Incidentally, every regiment of infantry must have several hundred horses and mules. The more the question is examined, the more two facts stand out. The first is that certain work |n modern warfare can only be done by horses. The second Is that the number of horses needed for armies which are counted by the millions must be counted by the hundreds of thousands.
%
Aunty's Joy.
“I told you last Sunday, children," said the Sunday-school teacher, “that you should all try to make someone happy during the week. How many of you have?"
“I did," answered a boy promptly.
“That's nice, Johnny. What did you do?"
“I went to see my aunt, and she’s always happy when I go home again."
HOW THIS NERVOUS WOMAN GOT WELL
<1
ar-
À1
4
Practice
Fill up your pipe with T & B—rich, mellowed, aun-ripened Virginia.
This genuine Southern-grown leaf has a flavor and aroma all its own.
Full bodied, yet soothing, Mother Nature's best.
No pipe smoker should go through "T & B. Week" without a package.
No word is necessary to old T & B smokers. They smoke it always.
But you—if you have never tried it, smoke T 6c B this week and realize the satisfaction oKusing # genuine Virginia tobacco.
Rll up your pipe with “T & B."
Told by Herself. Her Sincerity Should Convince Others.
Conservatiofl means
the use of foods requiring less sugar,
less fuel, and the minimum of wheat.
Food Dealers Licensed.
Canada's new system of license control of dealers In foodstuffs Involves over 80,000 retail establishments and about 23,000 wholesalers. Of the total number of retailers there are 30,000 grocers, 16,
He eating places, 6,000 bakers, 2,000 fish dealers, 4,500 fruit and vegetable dealers and 4,000 produce dealers.
| Chrisfcroher, 111.—"For four year# I suffered from irregularities, weak
h - . nervousness, and
r
SWISS WATCHMAKERS CLOSE.
down
condition. Two of our beet doetof* failed to do me anf good. I heard so much about what
Lydia E. PI nkham's
Vegetable Com*
pound had done fur Others, I tri -d i and was cured. 1 am no longer ner-
__________________voua, am regular,
w—— and In excellent health. I believe the Compound will cure any female trouble. "—Mm. Alzcb Cr; » hrtstopher, I1L
was in a run
Demanda of Labor and Export Conditions Force Action. <
butchers, 60,000 pub-
mu
Grape»
Many watch manufacturers have closed the doors of their shops, says a Berne despatch. Organised labor demanded higher wages, giving the higher cost of living as a reason. The manufacturers are unable to pay higher wages, for export facilities are deminis King rapidly and it is almost impossible to obtain certain raw materials. The men employed as watchmakers probably will find remunerative work in munition shops, but it is feared that the Swiss watch industry will be ruined by war conditions and never recover from the Mow.
IBET
$ -
I
requires ID SUGAR, HO FUEL, less milk or cream than ¦ other cereals, and Is part BARLEY. Itb a concentrated, nourishing, eco: nomica! and deli -cious food . TRY FT!
PAIN
or
N
often a symptom of functional derangement, which mag be overcome by this famous root ana HhtI rented y, Lydia E. Pink ham 's Vegetable Compound, as thousands of women bars found by
la
«
The Good Old Family Friend
fw
•n
!»kih.	«eaiaigl*. eprelee.
Since soap is soaring, even if you have never done it before be sure now, to put all bits of laundry softp Into a wire shaker and all bits of toUet soap tie into e small square of cheeee doth. This enable# you to use every atom of
I
If complications exist, write Lydia E. Pink ham Medicine Co.. Lynn, Maes., for suggestions in regard to your ailment The result of It# long experience is
la <kt MCfcei* Si	M *1* **•
tllirr fclMlDT COMPA»T,
0	Wsellwe. CinO
family Ishe.
ex
ence.
i
«
By
e
n«<*»raa«. (*) BOTTLE,
m 7.
ISSUE 2S—’IS.


###PAGE###8###
V


flew Barber Sfjop
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
a

The ShawYille Boot and M Store
0#


J

w
m

sia
y

y
*1
#0

X

sa
p
mm

r
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
<

:v,r
X

When Leather Is Scarce

(
Customer» may rely on getting prompt ami satisfactory se rvice at reasonable rates.
I


m
'N

I v\


A Call Solicited
TRUEMAN TUCK - SHAWVILLE.
>
and prices are advancing our advice is buy

I

Canvas Footwear.
/
Stock for Sale
I

i
lit* Grade Oxford Kwee (all under 4 years old)
Itt Kwo I .«mbs
0	Wether foimbs
1	Oxford Ham (leg )
(t 2-yea i old Vat tie
0 yearling Cattle
>
We have the best stock of
TENNIS GOODS and RUBBER SOLED CANVAS
FOOTWEAR
WM. COTIE,
Starks Corners
THE NAVY LEAGUE
FOR SALE
1 Surrey, almost new 1 Buggy, second-hand % Cream Separators, second hand in good condition 1 2-year old Colt bv Larahie
J. L. HdDOINS,
Shaw ville.
m
OF CANADA
we have ever had, and prices are very reasonable considering the high prices of Cotton.
WANTS MEMBERS
&	ALL CANADA WILL BE BENEFITED	^
Canada's future rests largely in the hands of the boys now growing up. One of the chief aims of the Quebec Division, which is now trying to enroll 25.000 men. women and children as members, is to foster within our boys between the ages of 12 and 18 a love of all things pertaining to the sea. and to enlist their sympathies with the aims of the NAVY LEAGUE -the development of a great Canadian Merchant Marine, with the ships Canadian-built, Canadian owned and Canadian manned.
REGULAR MEMBERSHIP $2.00
Canning Demonstrations
Buy early as prices are bound to go
higher.
Miss Kirby, of Macdonald College, will visit the various H. M. Clubs m this county and will give demonstrations on canning on the following
dates :—
JUNIOR MEMBERSHIP 25c.
Throughout the Dominion, and particularly throughout this Province. Naval Brigades will be organized by the Navy League.
Not every boy is so situated as to be able to take part in the Naval Brigades, but every boy and girl in Quebec up to the age of 18 should become a member of the Navy League and wear the Blue and Gold Navy League Button.
Young people can perform a great national service if they grow up with an appreciation of the vital importance of Canada as a g real maritime nation, and they should induce their parents and friends to send in an application for membership. Members receive the monthly magazine The Sailor" and the Button
Mall your application TO-DAY.
July 9—Austin “	10— Shirks Corners
a 11—Yarn 11	12—Khawville
“	13—Fort Coulonge
The various clubs will decide hour and place of meeting.
P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
MEMBERSHIP APPLICATION
;
D. F. CLASS, Sec. Treasurer,
The Navy League of Canada,
57 Common Street, Montreal
/ am in sympathy with the objects of the Navy League
and desire to become a member. I enclose.............
for membership dues.
Name.............................
1918
Local and District.
Pictures of home folks carry warmth
md comfort to the beat t of ! neither. Corn meal is one of the sub- Mak ippointment to-day. stitntes recommended by the Food
Board to be used to save or eon-serve wheat Hour. Concurrently with the publication of the new law. the market reports from Montreal state that corn Hour had advanced 50 cents, or to the high gun >f $11.70 per barrel in lings.
Even at the high wages that arc trong guard, to await his fate; now being pant, the poor laboring but oil the way up from Ottawa man with a large family to sup- it is said lie gut an inkling that a IKirt, will find it hard scratching reprieve would be granted to make ends meet, with these few days previously the scaillold — prices confronting him.	a massive, grim-looking structure,
_	painted blood-red, was sent from
The largest turnout of Free mas- Montreal by train with several ons witnessed here in a church workmen, whose mission it was to parade for some time, was that of erect it in the jail-yard. This was Sunday last, when Pontiar Lodge done on scheduled time, and even members and a few vi«iting bre- the executioner reached the scene thren attended service at St. Paul's of the c-xpectc d tragedy the evoti-l liurcli at 11 a m. The service ing before. The same evening, i^r«..eon(,luted ky the Rev. A T. however. Judge Weir readied f lumps, who gave an address on Bryson, and forthwith the pio the occasion that was pre-eminent- gram — which some people it is ly Masonic in tone and sentiment, said were looking forward to with tracing a course of human (level- unconstrained interest and ctinos opinent that was both interesting itv— was changed, as above noted and instructive, bringing new con- The Court officials at Bryson exceptions of what the organization |>erieneed cjuite a feeling of relief stands for before the minds of the | at the turn in events, which have.
craftsmen
A notification has been received from the British Authorities to the effect that the Parcel Post Si vice toy Prisoners of War in Tur key or Bulgaria is at present pended. Until this Service is resumed no parcels van be forwarded to Prisoners of War in Turkey or Bulgaria and persons desiring to help Prisoners of War in these countries are advised to forward remittances to them
n i c
Money Order» which ere issued I Public Notice is hereby given to the free of commission. Particulars ratepayer* of the village of Sl.awvilie,
«œ » t
( ountuig ( bin es. Any parcels tor purpose of electing a school commissioner 1 risonei'Sof NX ar in these countries Id the room ami stead of com. (i. A. How-which may be intercepted in the nr<* "hose term of office will then have
- »•>• -
sendei
on the parcel.
Address
i
II. 1.Ml SON,
Xrtist in Portraiture
sus
prison, after his sentence was pronounced, for safe-keeping. and on \\'ediie>day last he was brought back to Bryson Jail, in charge of a
PUBLIC NOTICE
fREAM Wanted!
These can S Province of Quebec,
Village of Shaw ville
X
SHIP EXPRESS
— r xr ^- x	WE SUPPLY CANS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers ' from oî» sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realize and pay Produçerjî a higher price per pound Butter Fat.^» gg When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and • tests are guaranteed,r *V 7	^7)Z.'fnf ,
^Canada '
*
/
i* given
E. T. HUDGINS.
See.-Tren*,
e OTTAWA
Yes ! We have them for you to see.
Our early buying enables us to offer big values.
You should see our nice assortment of TIES
for 75 cents.
Up-to-date Men’s and Boys’ Ready-
to-wear Suits.
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
"it least, delayed a gvue-ume spec tack* for some months to conic.
Russell Farewell
Dr. Russell concluded hi- Bible A fiDCMUAPCU
School and Evangelistic campaign Il U I L 11 11 H 11 5 3Y in Shawville on Sunday 30th. All! V W 1	11 11 n M 11
i chewing tobacco
i prophet ic vision a nd ha i e had showers of sunshine that will make the desert blossom as the rose.
Many have expressed a Daniel-like purpose to stand among the heroes ot faith. Others have accented the responsibility and privilege of enlisting for The Christ, and the whole community is both better and more responsible because of this visitation of the Evangelists of the Cross and the Christ.
Dr. Russell wishes to express his gratitude to The Equity and through its courteous columns, to all who have so generously contributed to the pleasure and profit of his visit to his native county.
Mrs. Russell took the Monday morning train for Portland, Maine, and Dr. Russell will spend two
weeks with his Bristol friends be- xv ,	..	,
fore going to Chicago for the Unit- , X\ w ^ttenfKm of the various e<l Presbyterian Summer School.	Hocaticsnl this district (bang
He will preach (D. V.) in the Bris- Ht‘d l, rose work to t: he; fact that here-tol Brick Church on Sunday, 7th, att7 all euch work will be received and at 11, a. m , and at Bristol village : lacked by Miss Louilla Armstrong— at 7.80, p. m He lias been invited j next door to Central Telephone office, to give a series of addresses in Oc- and we ask that all such work be hand tober to a joint meeting of the ed in to Miss Armstrong by the 1st of Alumni Association of his Alina eachnmnth.
Mater and the Synod of Montreal I 681 ¦ ^	—Com.
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give us a cal
* Satisfactorily done
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
Copenhagen Is used differently from ordinary chewing tobacco.
Take a small! pinch, for a start, and put it between the lower lip and gum, in the centre.
Afterwards you can increase the size of the pdncfo to suit the strength of the chew you desire.
Oo penhagen is strong?, because the tobacco of Which it is made is cut into flue grains, which makes it impart its strength thoroughly and quickly.
Hence, a litt% ‘Wncti’ goes a long way, showing that Copenhagen is not only an unusually economical chew, but also one of the finest quality, being made of the best, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
MURRAY BROS
•1
THE TAILORS
SHAWVILLE.
Specials for Saturday
July 6th at Dover’s
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of RQAD AND FARM
MACHINERY.
75 Men’s Sailor Hats from Men’s Balbriggan Underwear, suit Men’s Tweed Top Raincoats reg. 15.00 for Men’s Paramatta Raincoats (special) 10 only Ladies’ Poplin Raincoats reg. 0.50 for “ Paramatta Raincoats reg. 7.50 “ White Skirts (size 25) only “ , White Underskirts “ White Cotton Nightgowns “ Corsets, Corset Covers, Vests,.Combinations, etc all at reduced prices.
$1.75 to 2 25
Red Cross Notice
1.1Ô
12.75
5.95
5,50
5.96
95
We also take the op|»ortunity on behalf of the clubs, to extend to Miss Fletcher a vote of tliapks for her services in connection with this work during the j>ast four years.
Amy Hodginr,
Asst. Sec. Red Cross.
95
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us
and Ottawa
95
Execution Did Not Come Off.
Aurele Veillette, who was to have suffered the extreme penalty of the law at Bryson on Friday morning last for the murder of Paul Morin, and his 5-year-old son, early last winter in the Malta wa district, still lives, as the result of the granting of an appeal which his legal defenders procured the day before the execution was to have taken place. The result of ry Store in the premises lately these proceeeings is that the prisoner has been granted a respite till October 25th, which overlap*	...
the period within which the next Rejiairs will be thoroughly
sitting of the Court of King's guaranteed and receive his per Bench is held in September, when *(,nal attention, the appeal will be heard.
The prisoner, who is only about ; BERT W A I N ÎV1 A N 19 years old, w as taken to Bordeaux	Formerly of Bank St, Ottawa, Ont.
Don’t forgot we are headquarters for Waltham and Swiss Watches ; also all kinds of Jewelry an! Silverware at prices that cannot be beaten. Our stock is getting larger all the time as we are in this line to stay. A trial will convince you.
NOTICE
The undersigned wishes to an non nee the opening of a Jewel
vacated by li. VV. Hodgin®
R. J. HAMILTON
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry
Office and Warèroome
ARCHIE DOVER
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
j

