###PAGE###1###

O
No. HO, 36th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MARCH 21, 1919.
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
^I
' THE HARDWARE
Tfje Merchants Banl\ of Canada
STORE]
______ |

-'-l »
ESTABLISHED 1*74.
Sfi
Este.kli.hed 1864
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest

OFFICERS ?
. Sut II. Muntaou Allan, V. V. O. K. W. Black wkll.
K. K. Hodkn.
D. C. Ma< a row
4,750,000
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT MANAGING DIRECTOR GEN. MANAGER
I
A
A
• #
04 Branche» In Canada.

• «

• s
• »
i
SEEDS
Paid up Capital...................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets.......................
*7,000,000
7,421,^9*2 121,130,558
235 Branches and Agencies In Canada. WAR TAX, INLAND REVENUE STAMPS.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
II in. George Hrytnn, President.
Ru*m‘11 Blackburn,
Sli George Burn,
Sir Henry K. Egan,
Hon .GocrgeGordon.
General Manager :
D. M. Finale.
W. Dot hie
John B. Fraser, Vice President: Alexander Maclaren M. J. O’Brien.
Hon. Sir George H Perle y.
K. C. Whitney
Asst. General Manager :
H, V. Can*.
Chief Inapte tor.
A bank well equipped to serve the public : Drafts, Money Order» an<l Letters of Credit issued.
Interest added half-yearly to Savings Balances.
>
• e
(
f
I
Garden and Field Root Seeds
now in stock.
We advise early buying, some varieties are very scarce and 1} will not be procurable later on.


tor the convenience of our customers it lias been decided to keep on band cheque books of 100, 50 and 25 cheques J which the 2c. war stamp has been attached. The books may be had by simply paying the price of the stamps so affixed.
CALENDARS—Owing to the scarcity of calendars in this vicinity, w f have ordered an extra supply. We are keeping one foi you.
!
Oil
:
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
Manager, Shawville Manager, Quyon.
A Mfich in time save* nine.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I The
Hvbbcrlin* Mitch saves nine times the | long green longer, life of a suit.
Dover’s the store which makes the
\
)
W. F. DRUM
i
• e
Doves.
?
Pictures of home folks carry warmth Mrs. Kelley has I and comfort to the heart of a soldier, line of I Make an appointment to-day.
i
.S^ Fancy Work.
placed iu .stock an up-to-date Fancy Work and invites the Indie* to call and examine same.
1
J. H. SHAW.
i
H. InIsoN, Artist in Portraiture.
I
“Canada’s Best"
/OGOWLINC //
UENRY’S SHORTHAND
11 SCHOOL
\\
I
The Rev. Wait# r Russell is hold-
!
It may take 9 tailors to make a mini,..	.	„	-	_
but it only takes " one tailor ” to suit a « ««rie» of ev.mgelistie services
iy.ved 'hit hrskine Presbyterian church,
Ottawa. The meetings are being Most things can lie anybody* gift—| largely attended, your portrait i« distinctively, exclusively yours. Make an appointment*to-day.
H. lHIHON,
man—that’s llobberlin.
Ottawa, Ont.
;
' «
OTTAWA, ONT.

THE Ktjl’ITY congratulate* Ur. Our instruction i. Individuel, and the
........«..ssfiFSastis
t,,b.VUU,M Jtetxssxsrisusræ
«Nil lodge of Oddfellows drove to I	ca. Names and address# are available.
Renfrew on Monday of last week ÜMI88ION.—In the item referring Student» are assisted to positions, to have some degree work put on to the death of Misa Hamilton last We Are HEADQUARTERS for Short by the Renfrew brethren. Little week, the name of Misa Margaret , là Typewriting, Penmanship, Spelt
wonder they lost their bearings on Hamilton, sister, was un intention- "SL	m i^!T~,pon d e noe • clCe
I Ally omitted from the list of Mir-	ror circular.
viving relatives.	|	D. E. HENRY, President.
Cor.	Sparks Sts.
Has proved itself to be Canada s Best Business. Shorthand and Civil Service School by taking the SIX highest places in open competition with all business and shorthand schools in Canada on the Civil Service Examinations of May last.
Write for catalogue and copy of Cowl ings Advocate.
W.E. Cowling,
President.
W. A. HODGINS
the trek homeward Î
SHAWVILLE
H.G. W, Dr a itu wait, Principal
«
Mr. Klhtrd Hodgins, of Elmhurst, ¦¦¦ HJ ¦ sustained a very severe dis!ova- The Clarendon H. M. Chib will tion of one «houlder on Thursday meet at the home of Mrs* J, B. Cor
last while attempting to lead a l igan on Wednesday afternoon, Wanted—A Young Lady Clerk, volt, which had been out watering, March 27. Business -election of IG. F. Hodoins Co. back to the barn. The animal-m officer*. All interested are re-	5
tp“H ÜSBBS K™« #£555,
patients renioval to a hospital m free. Children’s admission-16 cte. held this week on Thursday even- Machinist# are trained by practical Ottawa, which adxi«$waa followed to include supfier. Good prog ram. ing at the home of Mr*. O’Hara. K?*»1 J?. 1st?* f,octori by doctor#, dentists
svfeses ™r±....................................	aSEsgsa
ly from the injury.	held at Campbells Bay fast Wed-	H. Tmaox,	For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac
nesday, Mr. Wallace McDonald, of	Xvtist in Portraiture couutant, we have the best courses avail
the firm of Poupore & McDonald, '	Aitistm tort rail ure. able au,where. .
merchant* of Chapeau, was electeti Ties Worth While:	year'toJdataisevvnb/iterW
Warden for the current year. Mr. There friendly ties and business ties ers* De mand# Exceed the Number of Paul McNally, merchant of Camp- And family ties of birth,	WtlllnGraduates,
bells Bay, was the retiring War- But the dollar tics we advertise
Are the finest tie# on earth.
THIS WEEK
EXPERIENCE
»
vs.


We Feature
Early Grade Seeds Rennies Cream Calf Meal Royal Purple Calf Meal
Stock Food “ Poultry Specific “ Lice Killer
Millinery Opening.
Mrs. I). 8. Kelley announces to the ladies of Shawville and district that she will hold her Spring Millinery Opening in her new stand (one block south of old stand on Pickanoek street), on March 22nd and 23rd. Having recently returned from Toronto Openings with a complete stock, the ladies will have no difficulty in making a selection.
XI. HARRISON,
Principal. Ottawa. Ont.
Willis College
13&4 Sparks Street, entrance between Ketvhum’s & Sims.
A position for every Wills Graduates
a
<<
-Dover.
Mr. J. N. McLolInn, of Wyman, has recently received word that his eldest son, J. K. McLelbm, who for some time past has been taking ,	. .
a course at Toronto University, has ?as opened the Millinery Parlors over J. joined the Royal Flying Corps, the " Shaw# store (fonuerly occupied by headquarters of which are down Mrs. D. S. Kelley) and extends a cor __	in Texas. Previous to enlisting dial invitation to the ladies of Shaw-
@55=esE9,Se=a?l= £=SE3=‘=
section. Among the number whol Thev Com k Slowly-Douât ions have gone may be mentioned G. A. towards the fund for the unforA. Howard and Nellis Hodgins, of tunate people of Halifax, who lost
this immediate vicinity. G. A. their sight from the explosion last	At Campbells Hay, March 10th,
has taken out about horses, December, come in discours gingly	to Mr. and Mrs. Alex. E Hodgins
among the herd being the well- alow. The cause is a deserving one, a sou. known stallion from Elmhurst and we would like to see a more Farm—“ Happy Harry. His des- generous spirit shown towards it.
tination is Girvan, Sask., in which The investment may not offer the PERSONAL MENTION
neighborhood he purchased a same inducements as a Victory	. „ .-.	,
large farm a short time ago from Bond, but it will go further in de-	Mr. Bob Amm, who has been
W. H. Lucas, of Ottawa. The mou trating to what extent people	engaged with Mr. G. W. Dale for
intention is to operate the farm are endowed with the greatest of	several years as tinsmith, was	GIRL WANTED- At once a	girl to do
this year, to which end Mr. How- UR virtues -charity, without which	among those who left for the West	light house work.	Mrs. D.S.	Hi
ard has taken out several farm all others count for nothing.	last week.
hands, including Mr. and Mrs. Jas.	___ Mrs. L. Armstrong and Miss Lou- WANTED—At once, girl for milking
n mmwmi
Mr. John Anderson, one ot the hunte<l up and still there were not i	FOt> SALE_ a ouantltv of Timothv
foremost residents of Bristol town- enough to go arouud, so those who A very pleasant function of the Seed, well mixed with Ximke Clover
stop, is anotner ^ no naa tx come a	Htill remained and were anxious to	nature of a surprise party was	Price 13	cent# per lb.	Grown	on	Lot	22.
victim to the lure of life on the	^ found a less energetic means of	held at the home of Mr. Henry T.	6th con.	John A. Telford, Morehead.
{prairie, and 1ms selected a tract of transit which driving affords. On McDowell on Friday evening last, _ i
laiul in Manitoba, in or adjacent to the return trip all were quite satis- at which Mr. and Mrs. Nellis Hod the Foxwarren district, where a Red to use the latter means of I gins, who departed for the West good many of his old neighbors are reaching town again ; but a few this week, were the guests of prosperously located.	unfortunates had to pike it, and honor. The surprise pa
Other farmers of this section	the walking was none too good,	gotten up by members Of t
who are going West this week	At the Some of the host and	B., who took this method of ex-
with the intention of settling are : hostes> a very enjoyable time was pressing to an esteemed brother _ Ti.I .A-.Li,innw rt' Wm. E. Hodgins, Samuel Hodgins spent, which extended well be- a mark of their appreciation of his partiy worn. Hnder will much ohftgp and son Lem, all of Yarm. Wm. yond mid night. Mr. McDowells 'services in the lodge, couching the by leaving marne at H. Bolam’e«tore, or H. Murphy and Byron Horner, spacious residence afforded ample Idesire in that behalf in an appro- return to owner, Gkorge Smith, Char who have been here for sev- room for all to disport themselves priate address, to which the reci- lerls, R. R. No. 2. era I weeks, are also returning to I in the varied amusements pro v id- oient replied in becoming terms, their western homes this week, ed, while everyone was made tlior- Refreshments were served. The All these parties are taking a oughly at home. In the course of gathering numbered about 45 pci considerable quantity of stock and j the evening refreshments were sons, including a goodly propor-other settlers' effects.	* served. About 60 were present. # tion of the fair sex.
Millinery Announcement. —- Mis# M. Form Wishes to announce that she
u
Brown Optical
il
The Spring Flit.
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
WILLIAM’S
Fly Exlerminater
Births
552 St. Catherine West
The best Lice and Vermin
Remedy known.
UPTOWN 4982
Nc.tr Stanley St
MONTREAL, QUE.
> A
ELLE Y.
$3.00 per Sack
Dairy Meal Coarse Salt Dairy Salt Oyster Shells
1.75
a
1.00
a
Seed No 1,

1.25
a

FOR SALE - A mure colt, chestnut, rising 2 years. Will make a good driver. Apply to J. E. Cowan at J. H. Shaw’s store, Shawville.


Paints
Varnish Stains Alabastine Whiting Linseed Oil Turpentine, etc.


FOR SALE—Five heifer calve*, four grade*, and one pure bred Ayrshire. Apply to J. C. Jamiksox, Maryland P. O . Bristol, Que.
rty was the O. Y.
374
W. A. HODGINS
All partie# who have been loaned gafloline barrel# or can*, please he good "uk, to return them at once. Shaw-'?ills Motor Co
###PAGE###2###
f
Articles Wanted for Cash
JptoMS, Limite#
ANTIQVK tiALLttHItta
RE AM WANTED
o’ the road, watchin* this ’ere column Sweet or Churning Cream. Highest ^rjpe Hver, sausages and other things, pass, would think we was a-go’n’ to a market prices paid We supply cans, ~ day restaurant could obtain
^i§l§ warn mmm
One thought of them ar battalions.	—	% made of the braised vegetable, with
brigades, division#, cohesive parts of Mysterious Gravies V*fd as Camou- B generous covering of gravy, a great fighting machine. But flagc When Meat Is Lacking.
what an absorbing pageant of person- m8 bouses in London to assist in tn ality! Each rank was a series of conservation of food, and reports from g intimate pictures. Everywhere the authors of the scheme say that it g there was laughing, singing, a merry j* proving successful. So well liked 5 minstrelsy of mouth-organs.	are some of the disguised dishes that B
The jollity in my own part of the the demRnd for them increase even . 1
H. HHSHE	\ !
times just at hand. Mac, who was made heavy demands upon the n a blown to pieces by a shell a few hours staurants, especially those which eater ( g later. Was dancing in and out of the to the working class of girls who have , g ranks singing,—	not trained their palate to do without 11
meat and to accept vegetarian dishes.1 §
SAVE FOOD
m. X. ft T. XB
In a time needing food economy many people are not getting all the nourishment they might from their food. It is not how much you eat, but how much you assimilate, that does you good.
The addition of a small teaspoonful of Bovril to the diet as a peptogenic before meals leads to more thorough digestion and assimilation and thus saves food, for you need less.
m aatl BO OeUers ItfHt, Toros19. oil
Beans should not be served as a vegetable at a meal where meat il served because they contain the same body building substances meat contains.
..................
Buying In Toronto =
we
^PORALLBRaNq,. Of Service.
$10
OB
ITCHENER’S
i

is*
i
m
You’ll tDjOf hvvlng^ln
v stores are to busy and attractive. And the range of merchandise is so extensive that It is certainly a great pleasure—buying in Toronto.
And this pleasure is the greater because you can stay at the most comfortable of home-llke hotels, THE WALKER HOUSE (The House of Plenty) where every attention is given to ladies and children travelling
And your purchases may be delivered there for you and relieve you of all worry.
When you come be sure you ctay at
The Walker House
The House of Plenty TORONTO, ONT.
Canada siiiiimimimimiiiimiimMimiiiimiii
im

%
7,
^J^Norman HalIÎ ::	1Z.1 “T X I
MSftpmsn
lo many ol the soh u rs she was we throve splendidly. A government,	mud is,	Serving from 300 to 500 at noon in g
man	ly!, rLmnin,/'paternalistic in its solicitude for our, We never knew how muddy ""Ynud one restaurant has taxed the ingenuity | E
ivlir, willing to risk her life daily, ' ^%^tÆps\nd' wtdur: '	^	°f the C°°k8’ and	* * =
. nu s k might put by something for prjvations. In England we had l»ecn And little Charley Harrison, who bad
i U. r^haHl yars XNÎ?IV^ g —I inoculated and vaccinated whether fibbed bravely about his age to the rc‘, J le ual**	is the Spirit, we woujd or no, and the result was cruiting officers, trudged contented-
f .lother luxi which wars lan 111 x’1 ( tie sickness there was was due to in- cuit with all the relish of an old
gjfegfgs
is	1 K,"A,N n-,NES "A"
?'Sf “ — wSSir" - """ •w :
vhme-gun bullets.	feeling of wonder that we had surviv- Fatalities are freakish things. They
Tommy had a ready sympathy for, cj go fong	are not always the heaviest where one
AtS'ÆS’ÆSk.'Ç:'gsr«"S. SaiïÆ . _ _	.. JS
ft Armenheres, we were marching to satUtaction that the sheila from our tion. The Germans must have known ’lie baths, when the Uerman uitnleiyj <)Wn fi^tteries were of larger calibre.1 in some fashion that fresh raw troops were shelling the town in tin* usual	wag a welcome indication that were coming in. At 5 o’clock in the
the town long ago had it not been for	ttin* rea,]Vf * \yU\ w*en »e ja distributed over a front of 250 or 300
the fact that Lille, one of their ov% ready here’s suthin’ a gon’ to drop!" yards, and for an hour and ten min-most important bases, is wit Inn such' There was a feeling of excitement utes the bursting of enemy shells in
w mmm mmm
Some of the shells were exploding tibout keeping their metal pocket mir-1 into	groups. I lay beneath
« lose to our line of march, but the rors and their cigarette vases in their the parapet with one such handful, boys tramped along with that non-1 left-hand breast pockets, for any unable to make any kind of a tour of chalant air which they assume in Tommy can tell you of miraculous es- inspection
inics ut ilangvr. Out* immense ^noil e^pes from death due to such a pro- Every minute I expected we should
brick dust shone like gold in the sun. ed i,e evenly distributed over many w#s a^eady dead or wounded. The A moment later, a fleshy peasant wo-, miles of frontage. In moments of air on all sides seemed a wavering man, wearing wooden shoe**, turned comparative quiet along our sector, blanket of smoke and flame and flying out of an adjoining street and ran we could hear them muttering and clods. Then as abruptly as it started awkwardly toward the scene of the tumbling miles away to our right and the enemy fire ceased explosion. Her movements were so left. We awaited developments with (lf my sec.tion of demolished trench
SvtJss	"""" " <«* «—• »“• »'
that at any other time the sight wouid fiu( a preliminary one for the pur-have been ludicrous. Now it was in- p0se 0f concealing, until the last mo
evitable that such a sight should hrst ment. the plan of attack, the portion like that. One of the wonders of any appeal to Tummy's sense of humor. t)f t^e front where the great artillery modern battlefield, pitted with shell and thoughtlessly the boys started concentration would be made and the holes until not a square yard of soil laughing and shouting at her.	,	! infantry	assault pushed home. Then has its normal appearance, is that
-The other w'y, ma! That's	the	division.	We made a rapid march, s‘luarf >ar,i «v«7 day for weeks at
w rong direction! Yer mimin' right" t0 a rail-head, entrained, and were a time, yet somehow the heroic French into ’em!"	'soon moving southward by an indirect remained and lived and defeated the
She gave m> heed, and a moment route; southward, toward the sound massed legions	of	the	Crown Prince,
later xve saw her gather up a little Gf the guns, to take an inconspicuous Qn other	occasions	an	enterprise that
fomfortingaher?rwd ,hiëhh,'T her P“r‘	battle^Loos.	carries a reasonable assurance of sue
with her body, instinctively, at the'	.... a ptfr V	cess become a ver.table holocu.st, wip-
sound of another exploding shell. The	( t,Al	mg out whole companies. Such occa-
laughter in the ranks stopped	as	New	Lodgings	sions there have been when patrol en-
though every man had been suddenly	I.	Moving In	countered a “planted" machine gun,
struck dumb.	I . We were wet and tired and cold or an “over the top" sortie met an in-
They were courageous, those wo- and hungry, for we had left the train superable barrier. On such occasions
men in the firing-line. 1 heir thoughts miles back of the firing-line and had the casualties are very heavy.
were always for their husbands and------------ r	J
sons and brothers who were fighting side by side with us. Meanwhile, they kept their little shops and estaminets open for the soldiers’ trade and made a brave show of living in the old way.
In Armentiercs a few old men lent their aid in keeping up the pretense, jwt the feeble little trickle of civilian life made scarcely an impression in the broad current of military activity.
A solitary postman, with a mere handful of letters, made his morning rounds of echoing streets, and a bent
old man with newspapers hobbled Canadian housewives do not, as a ; stock poL That is the advantage of t*l°v. l.v alone h' . vu" '	«r™!' general rule, use the soup pot as soup. Material may be used in it
!k»h"T' window, ‘ami bolted dimr,.	»» ‘hey might. It is invalu- «hat would otherwise go to waste. It
Meanwhile, we marched back and able in the utilization of left-over should be remembered, however, that forth between billets in the town and scraps and it proves itself an ever nothing of a starchy or mealy nature trenches just outside. And the last present help in time of need.	should ever go into the stock-pot, as
thing which we saw upon leaving the \ good cook will make excellent they are liable to turn sour. They towm, and the hr>t upon returning, ^ from almost any materials: a may be used in soup but not for stock-w-t, the '"K^vmugrow of new-m.de ^ cook wj|, make pooj. goup from making.
rarden of the ruined convent. It was the best material. Although perhaps In flavoring soups, if fresh herbs a pathetic little burial plot, filled with the simplest of things to prepare, or celery are not obtainable, use dried the bodies of women and children soup is quite a test of a woman’s herbs or celery seed tied in a piece who had been killed in < man bombd- ilinary II ments of the town.
And thus for more than three months, while we were waiting for
Fritzle to “come out," we adapted	¦¦
Ourselves to the changing conditions vigorously.
of trench life and trench warfare. As a substitute for meat or as
with a readiness which surprised and “meat stretcher’* soup is unexcelled, mer for about two hours
It is wholesome and nourishing. The vegetable mixture through muslin and bones of all meat and most vege- ¦ you will have a clear golden brown tables go towards making a good stock ready to make into a delicious stock. Bones of cooked meat and health-giving soup. It must he remeat scraps of poultry and game | membered. however, that vegetable should always find their way into the
4#

)

»
/
X
without escort.
AutoStrop
tâ fxSAFFTWt ti
Order Now I
HTHE AutoStrop 1 Safety Razor is always in the
pink of condition—
so perfect that “once
over" will remove
with comfort every
particle of hair.
It is kept in that
excellent condition bv means of its stropping feature—it is the only razor on the mar ket that sharpens its own blades automatically. *
Guaranteed te Satisfy COMPLETE OUTFIT
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED WEST TORONTO
P


Send it to Parker’s
E
Y
OU will be astonished at the results we get by our modern system of dyeing and cleaning. Fabrics that are shabby, dirty or spotted are made like new. We can restore the most delicate articles.
?
Send one article or a parcel of goods by post or We will pay carriage one way, and our
charges are most reasonable
perience of His Own
When you think of
CLEANING AND DYEING
think of PARKER’S
Let us mail you our booklet of household helps we can render.
PARKER S DYE WORKS, LIMITED
CLEANERS AND DYERS 791 Yonge Street
HQ



$5.00
I
AT AU STORES
AntoStrop Safety Razor Co., Limited
1147 Dmk. St, - Terete. Oet

own first experience un iler shell fire was a gruelling initia
k
ranee
a

m
%
\mHTJ
Toronto
f
1

PEERLESS POULTRY FENCE

Wrongly made and closely spaced—waking II a f .nr hsrit.r again il larrsaaleali M well M swell poultry Top and bi>M.>in wire. no. I -lotermedietee No. U wire -made by the Open Hearth a recess w h fwHIxtUUel HeUfve reu:, #
Aik ftU nicer
481-1

I crawled out
lf>0 men we had lost only thirty.
It is hard to explain a situation
Union-Made
Overalls
Shirts & Gloves
<


THE TEST
68 lbs. to tho


m&m


square inch
under hydraulic Pressure is the test that “Boh Lons'* overalls have been put to. Their strength is in the tightly woven fabric.

m

MMs&ife:

%
»




i




4
k
m



1


?


WAR AM) FOOD SERIES.—ARTICLE No. 12—SOUPS

\


** My overalls and shirts sre the best, because -they stand t^etest of the wash-tub - uo starch filler or cheap d>es to wash out. ”
Insist onN** Rol> Long" brand. Ask your dealer for Big 11—the big grey overalls- the cloth with
finii. ' ^	H

This should be removed
A common mistake of muslin is to forget that it néeds long and before serving gentle cooking	Soup should be al- Excellent stock may be marie from
lowed to simmer rather than to boil the peelings and trimmings of^vege-
-

n
'
/
Put them in a saucepan with Bring to boil and sim-
Strain the
tables a cold water

• •I
• MMmM i < • ••••'•
e • »
• • •
x:
I My Dad wears ’em.
• • •

I	IM


a 11 •••
• #
Mi
• «HIM
• a i
\

• #
# #

• • • •

• •
Shur Gain
unn
JÇncrujn from CctcuU to CoaAt
R.Ci.lpQNC OCO.umitedTORONTOXANA

fertilizer






###PAGE###3###
>
5
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX

S<y
d
3
By Andrew F. Currier, M 0
Or. Currier will answer all elgned letters pertaining to Health. If your question |# of general Interest it will be answered through these columns; If not It will be answered personally, If stamped, addressed envelope Is enclosed. Dr. Currier will not prescribe for Individual cases or make diagnose* Address Dr. Andrew F. Currier, care of Wilson Publishing Co., 73 Adelaide 8L Weet, Toronto.	•
W#
%
%

• •
By Agronomist.
This Department la for the use of our farm readers who want the , expert on any question regarding soil, seed, crops, etc. If your quest • of sufficient general Interest, It will be answered through this column, •tamped and addressed envelope Is enclosed with your letter, a •newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publish B Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St W., Toronto.
BRUCE’S FAMOUS ROOT SEEDS
The tendency to these unpleasant
tz ‘ÆI aras t zrzi-z
around a hair follicle.
One or several may develop in the same area at about the same time, or there may be successive crops of them.
While it is the rule that one hair follicle be involved, it is possible for the inflammation to include as many
£"/when it'geu rfj ‘andïucha""^"injection of suitable vaccines i, young adults, though the exclusive ten ,ts development, and ft free n-
"tirzrc ;s =MKsawft
«'LSSi ta >'•	w
produce suppuration and which may Ptit,ent get we ' generally be found on the skin of most people, unless they have formed the habit of scrubbing and cleaning it with powerful antisop- ficiency? tics
Boils
Bruce • Gmnt Feeding Beet—In two colors, white snd rose, a cross between Sugar Beet and Mangel, splendid croppers and keepers, and unequalled for feeding, easily harvested. X lb. 3°c; X lb. 55c; 1 lb. $1.00; 5 lbs. $4.75 postpaid.
Bruce # Mammoth White Carrot—A half long variety, heavy cropper, splendid quality, easily harvested, grand keeper. X lb. 60c; x lb. $1.10; lb. $2.00 postpaid.
Bruce's Giant Yellow Mangel—An intermediate variety, heavv cropper, good keeper, of splendid feeding quality and easily harvested. X lb- 3°c*X lb. 55C; lb. $1.00; 5 lbs. $4.75 postpaid.
Bruce’s Selected Swede Turnip—A grand purple top variety, splendid for the table and also for feeding cattle. A grand keeper and shipper. % lb. 40c; X lb. 75cl1 lb. $1.40*, 5 lbs. $6.75.
page catalogue of Seeds, Plants, Bulbs, Poultry Supplies. Write for it to-day.
sleep, out door exercise and perhaps a good vegetable or mineral tonic.
The development of a boil should be arrested if possible, and I sure it is often possible.
Sometimes this can be dome by the careful application of pure carbolic acid, or some other mineral acid or
CULTIVATING THE GARDEN.
Nothing will take the place of cul-1 piece of soft brick a ltd a little ma-tivation for growing crops. If you chine oil to the effected places, cannot give what is needed to your	Value of Dust-Mulch
garden,	expect good re-	¦¦¦¦
suits, as you will not get them.
T'hera are three particular things we aim to accomplish when we give cultivation to growing crops, and by “Cultivation” is meant both that given by hand and by tools or machinery.
The effect is the same; the difference is merely the means used to accomplish it.
am
The second reason for cultivation, so far as the garden is concerned, is to keep on the soil about and between the plants what là known as a “dust-mulch.” A mulch is a covering put en the soil for a particular purpose. We mulch atyout shrubs and herbaceous plants in the fall to protect them over winter by keeping the frost from
In the same way we pre-First. The keeping down of weeds, veut evaporation by covering the which, if not kept in check, will crowd1 ground with a mulch of dust during I out and smother the growing crops, and deprive them of needed moisture and plant food

FREE: Our valuable /reimplements and
John A. Bruce & Co., Ltd
HAMILTON, ONTARIO
• Established Sisty-Eighl Ye
the soil
the hot, dry days of midsummer. I It does not require a heavy dust This is a serious mulch to do the work perfectly. Hoe-reason for cultivation. Your garden lng for this purpose should not be cannot support, at one and the samé done deeper than two inches—less, if time, crops of vegetables and weeds, you are skilled with the hoe, as it does Of course, you prefer the vegetables; not require a deep mulch to cut off the hence the necessity of keeping out the movement of the moisture from the weeds	^¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦
RAW FIRS
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
L. H.—1. What causes mitral insuf-
2. Is it curable?
S. What causes high blood pres-
WJE require Immediately One Million Five Hundred If Thousand Muskrat Skins (1,500,000), and Fifty Thousand Beaver Skins (50,000)#
They may be perfectly harmless, but If the individual, and particu- sure? Could it be due to the heart larly his skin, offers slight resist- trouble?
Slice, and the individual is debili- , Answer:	1. It is due to a lack of
tated and run down, the germs will proportion between the mitral va'.\e improve the opportunity to develop and its opening; in other words, the and cause boils.	valve does not fit tightly into its
Their development is encouraged opening—thus, causing the blood to when the diet of the individual is a back up when the heart contracts, faulty one and when he indulges 2. It is curable, though it may freely in greasy food, half baked undergo compensations, bread, pies, pastries and gravies. 3. Changes in the walls of the Nervous irritation, overwork, con- arteries, due to increased tissue for-stipation, and local irritation or fric- mation, which comes naturally with tion of the skin, also favor their de- advanced years, or as a result of velopment.	certain diseases. It is possible that
Almost everybody has had them the condition of the heart might have
and a bearing upon this condition of the i arteries.
bottom Up.
Keep in mind the fact that the dust
I loving should begin as soon as the fnuleh, once made, does not last forever—or for the season, for that mat-
Every time it rains it is spoil-
When To Begin Hoeing
We have no time to Issue Price Lists. Don't ask for
crops are planted, if the rows or drills have been outlined. Or, if the *er
have been marked by quick- <?d, and the capillary action of the soil
growing plants, such as the radish or froxn top to bottom renewed, and for lettuce, as soon as they appear. This this reason the soil should be worked is a great advantage in a dry spring after all rains to break up the crust seâson, as the soil moisture can be which forms on all but very light
conserved from the beginning.	sandy ones after every rain.
This soil-crust is one of the worst things for a garden, and many otherwise good ones are spoiled for the best results by ignorance of this fact Keep it broken up all season.
For the larger garden there are the hand-wheel tools, both for planting and cultivating purposes. These will take away a very large percentage of the drudgery of the garden if used’ where the area is sufficient to warrant it. These combination tools can be had for a number of purposes. j
. Ship us your Muskrats. We will pay the very highest Market à rices. Put your own valuation on them if you wish, but shin to us# A trial shipment will convince you
the best buyers of Raw Furs in the World.
any
rows
that we are
We have Stacks of Money.
We are no Pikers.
We are in the Market for the Entire Canadian Catch. We box ill kinds of Canadian Raw Furs.
Deep hoeing is a mistake, except in a very few rare cases, which need not be considered here.
Hoeing is not as easily done as ' would sepm. Beginners as a rule take too large a “slice” or bite with the blade at one time chops the soil into large clods, especially when deep hoeing is done. The proper way is to give the hoe a good slant, and, when hoeing for weeds, just skim off the surface. Any perennial weeds, such as the docks, plantains, dandelion, etc., should be dug out, root and all, and destroyed.
However, there are exceptions to
Tbe George Monteith Fur Co.
21 JARVIS STREET - TORONTO, ONTARIO
1

and knows how they act, look,
This merely
feel
next year’s operations. Many farm- strenuous business man or manufac-ers at the end of the year count up turer, or sooner or later he will find the cash on hand and say, “I have himself a prey to the money -hark made so mtich,” and yet they cannot or the land grabber, and in those days exactly tell whether every dollar has of widely diffused and easily obtained cost them four to obtain it, as if they education the average farmer has no have made that much profit over and right to be a back number in the above interest on capital invested, business world and have dealings with But some will say, “I have not the shrewd business men and speculators time or education to keep books.” To who seek, and do, in many cases, in-them I would say, such a man has no crease their wealth at the expense of more business to engage in farming, the too often careless farmer. expecting to make a profit on capital
invested, than he would to fill a col- It is not what we get but what we lege professorship or the office of aj	give,
bank president. In these days of Not what we pray but as we live; high and advancing prices the farm- These are the things that make for er must and should know where he “is
at,” just as surely as the most | Both now and after time lias ceased
Cultivating After Rain
When using the wheel-hoe, set the teeth so that the cultivating will be
i
What the Farmer Should Know.
The Value of the Trapnest
Now let us take a backward glance at the mistakes of last year, in order to steer clear of them the present |||||I|I||||||||||]H[()TV much money did you
Few farmers
Perhaps there is no single factor the above, in the cases of those plants shallow—not over two inches deep, which has played so important a part which are hilled-up. When working'and teach yourself to run close to the xn the past few years in stimulating with these we draw the soil up around plants without touching them. This the production of better poultry than the plants, a little each time, rather will obviate much back-breaking work the trapnest. By the use of this de-than all at once, as this enables one in the following up with the hand- vice hundreds of farms have been to work the soil close to the plants as weeder always needed after the able to reduce their expenses by one-well as around them, while at the wheel-hoe has gone over the garden, half and at the same time have kept same time raising the soil around to finish off the few weeds which can- Up their egg production. This has them in time to the desired height. not be caught by the wheel-hoe.	been made possible l>y careful selec-
Much of the discomfort of hoeing It should be understood that while tion of the layers and the drones, reis due to dull blades. A hoe should cultivation is required after every suiting in the elimination of the lathe kept sharp as regularly as an axe— hard rain, yet you must use judgment ter from the poultryman’s flock. For-for the same reason—to make it cut not to do this before the soil is dry merly it was necessary to feed 1,000 well. When filing make the bevel enough to have it done without mak- hens composed of an equal number on the outer side of the blade. A ing it harsh. A good test is to take of heavy slaying, profitable birds and clean blade also adds much tOF its a handful of soil and squeeze it tight- worthless, non-laying hens. Now that effectiveness and lessens the labor of ly. If, when the hand is opened, I the trapnest shows exactly what every hoeing. The hoe should be kept the mass of soil breaks apart or re- hen lays in the course of the year, polished so that it will come out of the acts, it is all right to be worked; but the flock of <1,000 hens may safely soil free from adhering particles, if it stays in a tight mass, like putty, be reduced to 500 or 600 without any Any tendency to rust can be prevent- let it alone until it gets in proper appreciable decrease in egg produc ed, or cured by the application of a I condition
1
year
make the past year? could answer that question to the dollar, but a large proportion of them know that they have only made a e-Hfmg or run in debt. In such an uncomfortable contingency a carefully kept expense account would aid materially in finding the big leaks.
bar
peace,
Perhaps you are running a dairy farm and sell your milk to the milk factories. How much profit are you making out of the enterprize ? Do you know whether you are making any money or not? It is a capital idea
to keep a bank account with each cow,	H	.
that you may know how many unpro- Tina .a the question that cornea to vanoua waya for future use must re-
fitable onea there are in the herd. everyone who intends to set an or- cetve due consideration, but too often
In these days of small profits and	chard. or even rePlace d>'ln* trees	in the whole orchard	is run to varieties
- -	,	The saving in feed alone -by this	close competition a man can no more	the orchard they now have. It	18,^st 8Ulte([ t(>. thls PjrI,u‘(
'	method of selection is a	great item	farm profitably without keeping books	not an easy matter to select the var-|Morello cherries,	hlberta peaches,
ment they had too much freedom	so	ard this, together with	the saving	in some form, than a large manufac-	kties ^r an orchard, and too often	it, wild goose plums,	and winter apples
that gave them a chance to get dirty.	in Iabor,	makes it an	economic duty	turer	can get along without his sal-*8 practically left to the fruit tree	get most of the orchard,	there is
But these stanchions give them en-	with the	poidtryman	to trapnest his	aried	accountant.	We would say to	a*cnt who	takes the order. This is a	plenty of fruit for winter hut a short
ough liberty and at the same time flock, or, if unable to devote the time those that have never tried this me- 8eriou9 mistake m most cases, for the age during the summer season except keep them from getting too dirty.	; to this work, it is	important that he	thod, begin at once, and keep a record	best 80rU are ?ft™ th* cheaper trees,	when these special sorts	are in	con-
"I began to keep them cleaned off	raises nothing hut	trapnested stock,	of everything in your farm transac-	an(* tbo a£ent ls directly interested in	dit on| ¦	-
and I was very careful not to allow |	There are a number	of well known	tions	this year.	Set down the	selling the	most expensive. He wants	mond cherries better than	the Mor
any dirt to get into the milk. You	breeders	who have	followed the	cost of ever* new	tool, seed, fertilizer,	to scl1 the	specialties his house is in-,	ello, and the Montmorency	eûmes be
see, I always supposed that the sepa- trapnest system of breeding for a amount paid out for labor, transporta- troducing if he can, and he will extol tween these and is superior to either rator took out all the impurities! I	number of years.	Their equipment	tion, etc., and do not-forget to add in	them at thc exPen8C \he standard	tor any purpose, to my	mind,	fhe
know now after he explained to me,	has enabled them	to offer the back-	your taxes and all other expenses. Be	varieties that you should buy instead.	V\ dd Goose is the poorest	plum grown
that it might do bo with the large yard poultryman a strain of fowls able to tell to a cent the money re	Use Recommended Varieties	^
iÉPiÉiiœ mtssst mam mMM
-Well, since I made these changes ' ^ "	haVe	P°mtCrS '"l soil and location you have
in the tie-up, and also have been careful to keep everything clean when • milking and separating, I have had! no more complaints from the creamer y.”
PLANNING THE FARM ORCHARD
By L. H. Cobb
tion
The

One morning recently, I was over to the next township on some business. I went in to see a friend of mine, who has a large farm. I walked out to the barn where he was just finishing his “chores.” I was surprised to see the change that had taken place in his tie-up.
“Good morning,” I said to him, “this is certainly a surprise! The last time that I heard from you, I understood that you were going out of the dairy business. Now here you have your tie-up air made over ; what does it mean?”
“Well, I've found out a thing dr two, since I saw you,” he replied.
“Yes, I was pretty well discouraged then. You remember I had been having more or less trouble with the creamery. They were 'kicking' about my cream all the time; they said it had off' tastM and would not keep.
I could not seem to tell what the matter was; I thought perhaps that they were prejudiced. I was ready to sell my cows.
“One morning as I was milking my cows, a neighbor, who is a successful dairyman, came in. We got to talking about things and he advised me not to give up. I think you can make things all right,’ he said. He called my attention to the condition of my cows. They were all covered behind, on their flanks and tails, with dirt and manure. Even their udders were none too clean. But I did brush those off when I milked. But with the cows that way I was unable to keep the milk clean when I milked, pieces of dirt and dust would get into j the pail. You see, I got careless and did not clean them off regularly. Nor	.	. ....
they1 would liÎTo^TnNh^lïroppings Is	l#ef,Utiful new#um
and get all dirty.	'	|	¦ ¦
“You notice that I now have swing stanchions hung on chains? If you remember, I used to have them tied with chains around their necks attached to a pole. With that arrange
Many like the Early Rich
There is no need to be with
Another
The pear season is shorter, but good plan is to find out the names of there are some of the early fall pears the most popular varieties growing in that can be used quite well before your neighborhood, and sec how you j the main varieties ripen like them by sampling the fruit and planted exclusively and is a good examining the trees be such that a variety that is a gen- yet 1 would not want to do without a eral favorite will not be thrifty with few trees of Tyson, Seckel, Duchess, you; the condition of the trees of this and others that are newer and variety in your vicinity will tell the good )>etter^HHHHH^^^|
a variety that is dying out right along not a good grower for your neighbors, provided a no they variety can be had with similar qua! ities.
PUNNV rOLD'U
4
Keiffer is
CUT OUT AMO FOLD ON
NC
Your soil may , general crop sort and very reliable,
j	A Careful Maid.
Her grandfather gave to Elizabeth
Ella
A perfectly beautiful silk umbrella.
It was rosy red, with a tasseEso gay; And I thought, “I will wait till the next rainy day ^
And see our dear little Elizabeth Ella Walk proudly forth with her new umbrella,''
as
V
The Bartlett is the It wouldn't be wise to plant pear par excellence, but the tree is
l

The Sire of the Orchard
%
The size of the orchard must govern the selection to an extent, as will
the purpose for which it is planted. The orchard should be carefully jf ^ intended to sell some fruit on
planned to meet the needs of the fam- : the 1ocmI market the home orchard ily during ns long a season as pos- fan be relatively increased all along I— There is no need for a dearth line and give the best chance for of fruit at any season if this is done. „ ,teady profitahle market. If a From the time the Early Richmond larger acreage is contemplated with a cherry starts you off in the spring un- vjew (0 gelling on the general market til the last Northern Spy apple is con-, then some standard variety will be sumed there should he no let up in selected for the larger portion of the ' the supply of fruit in u condition to orchard so the packing and grading In spite of the fact that this can be done at the least expense, for is not only possible but easily raanag
ed, there are seasons when it is al

\

\
For the Season's Supply
\
\
/
\
\
\
\
But what do you think ? On the very next day,
When it rained “cats and dogs” (as we hear people say),
All drenched and dripping, I met my daughter.
Looking much like a naiad just out of
the water.
“Where, where,’* I cried, “0 Elbta-
\
sible

À
\

A
\
0
k\
\
\
' O
\


use
it Is just as easy to sell the whole crop of one kind as it would be to have it most impossible to buy any kind ot djvjded Up among several. For the
fresh fruit locally produced and ordjnary farmer, though, the local scarcely a farm will ha\e a tegu- market with the smaller supply of th#
lar supply.	many varieties coming in regularly
Cherries, piums,	apples,	and wou(d give the t»est chance to get
peaches have good varieties ripening g ¦
> in order from the time the first is _ ready until the latest variety ripens,
| while apples alone can be so planted as to ripen as wanted.
1
n
\
»

\
She gazed at me in the greatest surprise
And a look of reproach ip hu big blue eyes.
“Now do you once think," said she “that I'd let
That lovely umbrella of mine get wet?"
\

\
i p
t FSlO
goto
BACK
FERTILIZER PAYS
t
.unn
Fertil i
Shur Gain
Upon this card our Willie drew Two awful looking faceaj But take another look before ihf picture ke vr
Better than iver. Write for Bulletin
Varieties for the Home Orchard Fruit for storing and putting up in WEST TORONTO
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED
L. A u &
The war has coat German; proximately 22 billion dollars to date
»P
l zer
/
###PAGE###4###

NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE «AU, MAWVIUI ;
anil J doz. 14 in. from the IVdlar People» Ottawa.—Carried.
A uumber of delegates» with a largely signed petition waited on the Council at this juncture, asking for a municipal scales and a weigher, the present system Iteing considered unsatisfactory.
Motion Horner and Smiley - That the matter Ik* left over until next meeting. -Carried.
Motion Smiley and Horner - That l'Olin. Hudgins procure a bag of Hour also one bag of i*otatoes for Janies Kennedy. who is in need, and put in bill to Council.—Carried.
Motion Hodgins and Sinclair That the Secretary be allowed $100 extra, on salary for 1918 ; this includes putting in order and labelling procès verbals, deeds and other documents of the Council before June 1st, 1918.—Carried.
The following municipal officers were then appointed for 1918 on motion of counts McDowell and Horner :
Sheep Valuators —Tims. Kadv-s Kobt. Tracy, Sum Towel I, John Sturgeon, Andrew Hrie, (’lias. Harris. *
To look after Parties who fail to Pay Tax on Dogs Thus. A. Klliott and
Alex. Bean.
Rural Inspivtms Kd. I>agg, chief ; A t Dmi'. W II Corrigan, Thomas Palmer and Vevney Hades.
Auditors s K. Hodgins
Barnett.
Valuators No change.
Health Officers Robert Mi Janet, chairman : A. \V. Chaml>erliu, Thomas Wallace, Chus. Palmer, John Smiley, W. J. Horner, (X. Clarendon.)
Pound Keejiers John A. Sturgeon, Kllanl Hodgins, Win Parks, Stewart Fulford, Herbert Brown, Sam Knox, Wm John Horner, Thos. A. Eudes Tlios Palmer, Rugg Kelley, W. H Laughixm.
Road Foremen- - Chax. Palmer, J. B.
THE EQUITY.
3HAWVILLE, MAR. 21, 191$.
o
0. Y. II. LODGE, No. 304, meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. ui.
E. S. II. Workman, W. E. N. Hodgins W. M.	Bee. Secy.
M. i\ for g>, has been Bpi*>inted Clerk he House of Commons, replacing Thomas Flint, who resigned on nnt of failing sight.
Mr YV I». North roi
ex
CANADA
Income Tax Forms
Are now available
Returns must be filed on or before 31st March
Kant H
L. O. L. No. 37, meet» 1st Tuesday of each month
Hhhh HoiwiFca W.M.

Rbo, How;ins, Secy.
ROYALSCARLETCHAPTER meet# on the 14th of each month
II. N. Hodoiks,
W. Cmop. in Com
n the Western war
That big dm mut which was to place Pavia in the ilids of the Huns by April 1st, has not >vt started, and some military expert* re now venturing the opinion that it my not materialize at all Hied airmen are pounding into ruins mportanl communication centres behind the enemy lines.
Reu. Hoduinh, Coni. Scribe.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
HE Dominion Income War Tax Act requires you to fill in one or more of
In order to
T
the five special Forms provided before 31st March, 1918 assist the public to understand just what is required of them, information
Read carefully, then get three copies of the
Answer all questions fully and
penalty of $10,006 or six months'
Meanwhile
on each Form is given below form that fits your case and fill them in. accurately. For making false statements, a
Imprisonment, or both, Is provided.
Individuals.—All persons unmarried, and all widows or widowers without dependent children, whoac income is $1500 a year pr more, must fill in Form Tl. All other persons whose Income is $3000 or more, use the same Form. Where any Income Is derived from dividends, list amounts received from Canadian and Foreign securities separarely. Fill in pages 1, 2 and 3 only. Do not mark on page 4. Partnerships, as Such need not file returns, but the individuals forming the partnerships must.
Corporatism and Joint Stock Companies, no matter how created or organized, shall pay the
normal tax on income exceeding $3000. Use Form T2—giving particulars of income. Also attach a financial statement. Under Deductions, show in detail amounts paid to Patriotic Fund and Canadian Red Cross or other approved War Funds.
First Tuesday, Second Wednesday,
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells • Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs Wyman, • • First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday,
of each month.
it from Wiunii«eg last week md pounds of chic ken, Id storage there situe tl • tall
had
I
i
lx
Ui ii
1911>. by the William Davis t
tvoyed, as pronounced untit tor •nsumption, has caused quite a »f indignation throughout the
That such
scandalous thing should 1"- possible under the powers that have been dele g tted to évitain officials w ho are supped t«. deal with the country’s food 'apply, seems astounding. During the
move the advice was fro leutly iss ied from the I.1 t ’-ontrol-
is office that people should substitute | Corrigan, A. .1. Davis, S. Harlier, George
T. I >,i .lames Ik Ishev, John Sparling, Chas. Workman, Richard Richardson,
Adam Elliott, George Dunlop, Wm. J. I port. ( oiisumer> were disi^osed to ac- Homer, George Connelly, Wesley Hod
opt th.it advice, and doubtless would gins, Win Tubman, Jaa. 1*. Carson, Jos-
Y <\r .loue >o li.nl tht'v Uvn given n half [ ej* Sly. Harry Palmer.
By-law >o. CO, for gravelling roads,
was then taken up :
Yarn Road from nil\« i : / Bert H< d
iwd to I*»ttle up the available supply I gins’ north to bridge at Spring Creek ; j quickly that More the public real Portage du Fort road from cormra ,
». maw»
, tho open market. N»* I to John Dean's line :
'tues the startling revelation that ra- Heath ltoad from corporation of ? ithan accept a reasonable margin over	Shaw ville to 5th con.	line road :
.. min mi,l to producer*,	these log	.Seventh con. lineal	IIIi.<tol Vlarvnd,>n
.	,	.	,	, , ,	town lme east to side	line between	lots
<*>"- hgq wcre vontent	,0 y RI rt and 4, range 6.
Work to l.»e completed by 1023.
Motion - Hodgins and Sinclair That iO. 00 l*e read a first time.
By-law read a first time.
Motion Smiley and Horner That By-law No. 00 be read a second time. By-law road a second time. *
Motion - Hodgins and McDowell — That By-law No. 00 l*c read a third
rntuat, I it is by the alarming I!v.law ivai, n thinl ,ime lllMl
I the food situation m this a,K| confirmed.
ing j*t'riod of the country’s	Motion—Smiley and Sinclair That
the f< How ing bills l>e jiaid : J. H. Shaw 823. :w : H. S. Barnett and S. K. Hod gins 87.00 each.—Carried.
Motion—Homer and McDowell - That this Council adjourn. Carried.
E. T Hors jins,
Sec.-Ti <
I H S
111-4
ling
mtn. and little wondvi
Trustees, Executers. Administrators of Estates and Assignees use Form T3. Full particulars
of the distribution of income from all estates handled must be shown as well as details of amounts distributed. A separate Form must be filled in for each estate.
Employers must use Form T4 to give names and amounts of salaries, bonuses, commissions and other remuneration paid to all employees during 1917 where such remuneration amounted in the aggregate to $1000 or over.
Corporation Lists of Shareholders. -On Form T5 corporations shall give a statement of all
bonuses, and dividends paid to Shareholders residing in Canada during 1917 stating to whom paid, and the amounts.
Figures in every case are to cover 1917 income—all Forms must be filed by 31st March. For neglect, a fine of $100 for each day of default may be imposed.
In the case of Forms Tl and T2, keep one copy of the filled in Form and file the other two with the Inspector of Taxation for your District. In the case of T3, T4 and T5, keep one copy and file the other two, with the Commissioner of Taxation, Dept, of Finance, Ottawa.
Forms may bo obtained from the District Inspectors of Taxation and from the Postmasters at all leading centres.
LOCAL AGENT WANTED
foil—
Shawville and District
TO SKLL fOll
1
The Old Reliable Fonthill Nurseries.
—O—O —
Splendid Hat of stock for Fall Planting. 1W17. and Spring Planting. 191P. including many new varieties which we alone control.
l.wt ami bacon ami thereby in
i '\xl t
thv quantity of the latter for ex
cam
Sand for new illustrated catalogue; alao agent’s proposition. Handsome free outfit. Exclusive territory. Liberal coin missions.
But the big colil at or
bv devious methods con
t vh
CCI
STONE am* WELLINGTON (Established 1*7)
must be paid an all letter » forwarded by wad Taxation.
Po
and focuments to Inspector of
Department of Finance,
Ottawa, Canada
at
Ontario
Toronto
3
l
Cor. Ban\ St. & Laurier Ave
Ottawa, Ont.
Inspector of Taxation, K. Fellows,
Synopsisof Canadiaw North West Land regulations
The sole head of a family, or any male 18 years old, who vas at the commencement of the present war, and ha* continued to l>e, a British subject subject of an allied or neutral coun try, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion Laud in Manitoba,
Saskatchewan or Alberta. Applicant
at Dominion
Inantit) of valuable food spoil in nlcv that the market should adx. and avert the danger I By law N
*rg*
Beach burg Sept. 33rd to 25th •lxlrn|^RH Arnprior -Not definite.
Motion Thomas and Sly—That the Secretary lie authorized to convey to the Honorable the Minister of Agriculture, Quebec, the appreciation of this S«»cicty for the otter of u special grant of $300, as set forth in a letter of the Deputy Minister of February 20th, addressed to Mr. Wni Hodgins, M. L. A.—Carried.
Sly and Young—That the Sec retar x k* authorised to memorialize the Honorable the Minister of Agriculture, Quek-c, requesting that a special grant bv made available to Agricultural Societies, Clubs, or Syndicates undertaking the purchase of traction ditchers for operation in this Province.—Carried.
Motion Sly and McDowell — That xx v hold our Fall Fair on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, September 16th, 17th Directors Meeting-	and 18th.- Carried.
C. P. Agr. Soc, No. 1. i Motion Kavanagh and O’Hara — ...	„	.	.	That the Spring Stallion Show lie held
Minute- of meeting of the Director* on Friday, May 3rd. Stallions to lie on (*t l. !'. A. S. Nf*. 1, held m '.te office t|lv Fair Grounds at 1.30, p. m. ot the Secretary, Shawville, on T nday, ture t0 U»gin at 2.00, pm.—Carried March 1st, 1918, at 10.30, a. m.	Motion Sly and Young — That xve
I 'resent :_B m, Hodgins, M. L. A., jmve n ploughing Match at a convenient and Director.- l homa> McDowell. M. I(ja|e i^fore the Ottawa match, provid Kavanagh, A. » lv, r. B. Thomas, (». A. jng suitable arrangements can lie made Howard, B . C. Y oung, Dr. S. L. < >Hara Carried.
md A. H. Horner.	Motion—Horner and Young — That
Minutes of last Directors meeting I the Standing Crop Competition for 1918 dso minutes of annual meeting read and l>e jiey on Wheat, and the usual entry
adopted.	fee of 50 t'enta lie charged.—Carried.
Motion - McDowell and Kavanagh - Motion McDowell and Kavanagh— rimt B m Hodgins be re-elected Pmi- That we a8k for a social grant again dent for the ensuing year.—Carried. this year for a Competition on Clover Motion Howard and Thomas That for purposes. Entry fee 50 cents, the following be Viet Presidents for the I , ,,, ;,i
Thos. McDowell, 1st
over
orage, in o main “ >tv
26th to 27th
since or a
g big dividend».
retimi does not constitute >1 an unpardonable type, we add like to know l>y what term this famous waste should be characterized,
1«
CITY OF MONTREAL
0\, FIVE YEAR BONDS
If tlii
1
must appear in person Lunds Agency or Sub-Agency for Dis-Kntry by proxy must be made on certain conditions. Duties—Six months residence upon and cultivation of land in each of three years.
In certain district» a homesteader may secure an adjoining quarter section as I pre-emption. Price $3.IK) per acre. Dufies- Reside six months in each of three years after earning homestead patent and cultivate 50 acres extra. May obtain pre-emption patent as _soon as homestead patent on certain conditions.
A settler after obtaining homestead patent, if he cannot secure* a pre-emption, may take a purchased homestead iu certain districts.
I acre
~|of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect a house worth $300.00.
Holders of entries must count time of employment as farm labourers in Canada during 1917, as residence duties under certain conditions.
When Dominion Lands are adver tised or posted fur entry, returned sol diera who have served overseas and have been honorably discharged, receive one day priority in applying for entry at local Agent’s office (but not Sub-Agency). Disci - papers must be presented t
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Hi
due 1st December, 1922
trict
noiiNiiess
Moti
>! t
history.
A rigid investigation of the matter is i ulieraiivc, and unless the authorities .rove equal to the occasion in meting is.mivnt commensurate with the they may look for some pretty ml knock*. It is not enough that the guilty parties Ik* held to account, it immediate steps should be taken to prevent any recurrence of the outrage. V. concern should be allowed to hoard 1. especially perishable food, bene l a reasonable time at the expense the people who require it.
We are authorized to receive, and respectfully solicit the subscription of our clients to the above loan
PRICE : PAR (IOO) FLAT
i
(With benefit of four months interest)
RENE-T. LECLERC
¦¦¦	¦ Trice $3.00 p< '
Must reside six months in each
INVESTMENT BANKER
160 James Street, Montreal
Telephone : Main 1260 and 1261.
Lee
N M
Minutes of Clarendon Council
Shaw ville, March 4, 1918. Regular meeting of Clarendon C’oun-I. held in Hynes’ hall at 10, a. ni. this
t
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Rsthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Mayor Fred W. Thomas, .tad Councillors W. T. McDowell, M. Sinclair, Thos. Smiley.
Minutes of last meeting read and ap-roved on motion of conns, Sinclair and
allowed to exhibit in Classes 41, 42 and 4.3, but that a Special of $6.00 be given in each of the Classes named, divided into three prizes of $3, $2 and Si -this competition to be open to all. This is dSnc to bring out the local production. —Carried.	.
The work of revising Classes tl, 42 and 43 will be left in the hands of the Lady Directors.
The revision of the list was not completed
vising Class 27 (Vegetables) that the exhibit for table vegetables the amount should be reduced from one bushel to one pail.
The meeting adjourned.
Present
w. w.coity,
Deputy Minister of the Interior Unauthorized publication of
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cuke La bo ely Used With Very Great
Success.
In discussing the holding of a comi»e-tition along the line of tiest kept farms PI	w „	„	,	rm .it was decided that no action be taken
Motion McDowell and Sly Hint rt. ^ holding of same this year.
H K Harnett and S. K. Hodgins be ap- Motion—Kavanagh and Young- That l<»intetl auditors for the ensuing year.— t|H, Secretary lie authorized to connnu-
Carried.	nicate with the Honorable the Minister
The Board desired no change to be of A^culture, Ottawa, and Prof. Gris-made m the office uf secretary. How- da|e lv ^ssible excursion to the Cen-ever, the present secretary mentioned tral Experimental Farm, Ottawa, early certain reasons why he considered it hn junPi possibly the 2nd week.—Car-Iletter to call for tenders.	ried.—Carried.
Motion-Sly and Howard That we Motion—O’Hara and Sly That the call for tenders for secretary ot the So- following be the scheme of o;*cratious ciety. Tenders to lie sealed and ad- for t)ie yetir .
sit m Ma&-
SSSSS; M2F“
26th, addressed to B m Hodgins. M.L.A. vyr-X>i,t 18 17 18
gas*#*• zSnL,. %.«
recruit* at least 400 member» during the ^ ^ t,H. erection of a bogWn and
^Letter fmm -Sectary Council of Ag-	<>,b" «eneral improvement*.
riculture to the 8e< ry of thi^* Kocy, 1 acknowledging the receipt of the Report for the year ended 31st I December, 1617.
Letter from Secretary Council of Agriculture, acknowledging the copy of the Minutes of last Directors’ meeting and a list of the Directors for 1918.
Correspondence from Secretaries of
«lium. eai B\ C. Young. 2nd, and C. H. Talier, 3rd vice president.—Carried.
X.B.—
this advertisement will not be paid for
>miley.
Communications were read and discussed until noon.
Afternoon session same members
esent, also conns. A. Horner and Bert 1 Lodgins.
Dr. Fraser Wing present, read some ouimunieations on the subject of a host ul in Shawville.
Motion -Hodgins and Horner—That Mayor Thomas be and he is hereby appointed a delegate to attend a meeting .-I delegates which will be called shortly to consider the necessity and ad visa-ility of a hospital at Shawville.—Carried.
Farms for Sale.
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore back or sluggish kidneys two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : " I had rheumatism in my shoulders for over a year. 1 used two liottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from all pain and stiffness
C. McCabe, R. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : u I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two kittles of your remedy cured me."
Mrs Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt Bt., Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled for years with indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two liottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me
Mr. D. M
The undersigned offers fur sale the following farm property, situated in the Township of Clarendon
No. L—All of Lot No. I, in the 9th range, containing about 254 acres, of which about 150 are cleared and have been in pasture for three years. On the premises are erected a good, comfortable log house, barn, two cow stables, one $ W horse stable and one milk house. The Imildings are protected bv a nice grove, and the property is well watered and fenced around with Page wire. Bristol Ridge Post Office and store are only four acres from house, which is connected with the Rural Telephone ays-
It was decided that when re
R. W. HoiKiiNs
Secretary
McDowell and Sinclair — jbat the Bristol Council be notified to often that |»ortit »u of the Bristol-Clare n-•on town line between lot 1, range G, « "larendon, and lot 1, range ft, Bristol, . r, in other words, from con. ft, Bristol, north, to con. 7, Clarendon.—Carried.
Motion— Hodgins and McDowell — That coun. Horner attend the land sale in Campbells on March 4th to represent < -larendon.—Carried.
Motion—Sinclair and Smiley—That the Secretary proceed to collect the dog tax for 1918 on the same basis as last > car.—Carried.
Motion — McDowell and Sinclair — That road foreman John Sparling be ap jiointed to examine all bridges over Quyon river in the municipality of (larendon and report to the Secretary, es-ially the height of bridges over high vater mark ; report to be in Secretary’s ands before March lfttb, 1918.—Gar -
Motion
Mail Contract.
tern
No. 2. - Being W. Half of 3 and E-Half of Lots No. 4 in the 13th range, containing 200 acres of good pasture land and a portion of bush consisting of a quantity of failpwood and other timber, the whole fenced around with barbed
SEALED TENDERS addressed to the Postmaster General, will he received at Ottawa until noon, on Friday, the 12th April, 1918, for the conveyance of His Majesty's Mails, on a proposed Contract for four years, six times per week, the Rural Mail Route

1*‘I' M »i*
writes : “ I have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing since I took the fourth doses of your remedy."
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shawville Drug Co., Shawville, Que ; Cou longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, Que.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa ; or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Box 290, Renfrew, Ont.
Price 7ftc. per bottle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage
w in-
Good
On this property are erected comfortable log house ; 3-»|»an cedar log stable ; cedar log barn 30 x 40 ; good cow stable and machinery shed
A» ray business interests are situated entirely in New Ontario, I am anxious to dispose of the above, having no time to give proper attention to them. Reasonable terms will be given, wpibpH be made known on application to
GEO. L. CORRIGAN, Connaught P. O., N. Ontf ¦ or Bristol Ridge P, 0, Q11*»
on
REV ISION or PRIZE LIST.
Motion—O'Hara and Young —That the Honorary Directors be the same as in 1917, and that the following be a list of the Lady Directors for the ensuing
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Mrs. S. L. O’Hara “ D A. Baker,
64 H. Millar,
44 Wm Graham,
44 % T. P. Graham.—Carried.
Motion—Sly and O’Hara—That no person residing outside of the county be
MARYLAND No. 1
from the Postmaster General’s pleasure.
Printed notices containing farther information as to conditions of proposed Contract may be seen and blank forms of Tender may be obtained at the Post Offices of Maryland, McKee and Bristol, and at the office of the Post Office In-
Miss 0. McDowell 44 M. I Paul,
44 Amy Hodgins ¦¦ Pritchard

the following Fairs re dates : Ottawa —Sept. 7th to 16th Chaiieau— 23rd to 25th
P. T COOLICAN, Post Office Inspector
44 A
lied
LOSE
18th to 20th Richmond—Sept. 11 to 12th Dates received over telephone ;
Motion—Hodgins and Smiley—That 1 he Secretary be authorized to order \ dozen 8 in. metal culverts, $ doa. 10-in.,
rew—
Post Office Inspector’s Office, Ottawa, February 28th, 1918
X
###PAGE###5###
:
4
:
«
<
STRAYED
THE EQUITY,
Ginghams and Chambrays
Extra Special at 15 and Itf cents per yard. We are showing a big range of these goods ; at a time when war economy is needed it is a pleasure to show you such serviceable fast colored fabrics, and at such a reasonable price. Checks, plads, stripes.
Strayed on to ray premise* some time in November, one ewe. Owner w requested to remove same at once and pay extiense* incurred, and oblige
GEORGE SMITH,
It. It. No. 2, Charter!*, Que.
\ Weekly Journal devoted to loom Internets. Petiteke£ •?err Tkeroie|
\i Shawvllle, County Pontile, Quo.
1,500,000
CityriOutremount
av HonrpTiox, $1 ? Year iw Advawci
HT All arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
FRUIT TREES aqd PLANTS
FUR SPRING PLANTING.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st Iruiertlon and 5 cents per line or each iiUb«equent Insertion
Raul ness cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising bv the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates wlilvh will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-Jfrhed free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
We need no further introduction than the fact that we have been In the Nur *ery business SIXTY ONE YEARS, and are now prepared to meet existing conditions by offering our high grade trees and plants direct to customers at Rote Bottom Puioty.
Send for our illustrated circulars of hardy varieties which you can order direct and save the agent's commission, of which you get the benefit. Our prices will be sure to interest you and all stock is absolutely tint-class and true to name.
THE CHASE BROTHERS CO. of Ontario. Ltd., Nurserymen.
Established 1867.
6°|n 5 year BONDS
V
Denominations : $100. $500. $1000.
AT PAR
New English Drill
30 cents per yard. Special range of English Drill in neat hair line stripes. Drill is worth 40 cents per yard today, but we are quoting you the old price. This it an ideal fabric for children’s blouses, dress-
Outevmount is the best residential Municipality of Greater Montreal.
It has a population of 12,300
An assessed valuation of $23,010,005
A total net debt of $808,598
A taxe rate of 70 cents per 100 dollars.
The above facts make these bonds a particularly attractive investment.
Complete details furnished upon request.
Wire or phone your orders at our expense.
Versailles, Vidricaire& Boulais
LIMITED
VERSAILLES BUILDING.
90 St. James Street
es and rompers. Buy now at this old price and have them made before the season starts.
Ontario.
Col borne.
SHOULD KEEP ON ACHIEVING
JOB PKINT1NO.
New Season s Neckwear
Georgette Crepe Collars, with fine lace or hemstitched edge, priced at 50, 75c. and $1.00.
Muslin Collars with fine edging or lace edge, at 50, 75c. and $1.00.
All kinds'of Job Printing neatly *nd
Orders by moll
looi Work Demande Continuous I prevement in Every Line ef Human Activity.
•cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
The other day a famous author was telling me how he felt when hit first itory was accepted. He said that with-u a few minutes the thought flashed across his mind that he could not stop —but must go on. One good story must be followed by another and an other and another—else his reputation would die and he would be humiliated. He said that the feeung was not ex ictly comfortable—that the prospect was In a way terrible. “Being successful" he said, "Is not easy. The successful man advertises to the world that he can do certain things well— end he must go on making good or back off the map. It’s a g*eat sensation, a great experience—worth almost anything—but it isn't a snap."	i
It Is the same way In business, say# i writer in the American Magasine. The salesman who seta a high mark aas to go right but and beat that mark or suffer by comparison with hi# own record. Ho can’t sit down In a rocking chair and devote the rest of tils life to receiving congratulations.
Have you ever sat In a restaurait end compared your Job with that of a waiter? Try It some time. No matter what your work is I am sure you will lee the point if you watch the waiter md think how exactly his Job typifies rours. Take, for example, my Job-hat of an editor. An editor’s Job Is ixactly Ilk# that of a waiter. He has :o go and get something good and bring t In. And after he has brought it In ie has to go right out and get some-hlng more and bring that in. The minute he sits down or stops to talk mnecesaartly with the guests, he Teases to give as good service as be-’ore. Then the guests who praised llm a moment ago begin to growl, knd so, almost Immediately, he has urned from a good servant into a
Professional Cards.

DR. A. H. BEERS
Look to your Rubbers.
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bat Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Montreal.
. Que.
We are going to have a wet, slushy spring. It is an
extraordinary winter—such deep snow.
soon be ankle deep in slush. We have just quality
rubbers only.
Men’s Rubbers Women’s “
Misses’ “
Boys’
Girl’s
Youths' “
Infants’ “
PHONES MAIN 87*6-87.6
We will
This is the store that tan supply you with your requirements in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughfog and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done.
S. A. MACKAY
size 6 to 10
$1,25
2J
90
<
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville. -
75
•»
11
Que.
95
l
H
o
Give us a call.
« m
11	13
4	6
05

a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
'5
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
ADVICATE, IAIINSTI*, Se.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each wee\.
;>;>
F. HOGGINS GO. LTO.
a. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
G.

CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.
A > VOOATE, BAHRISTIW, WO-
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
SPRING OVRCOATS
196 Main St. - Hull.
This weather you will find you will find your Winter Coat too heavy. We anticipated your requirements by stocking some nice Spring Coats in greys and blacks. Prices from $10.00 to $16.00.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed -day and Shawvilleevcry Saturday,
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Th™;„	», ... ..U.,,,. ¦ Doors, Sash, Dressed
< continuous performance Is what Is ;
ranted. Nothing else count».	1	LUHlbGP, 6tC.
Our Ready-to-wear Clothing
is especially attractive to the man who wants to be well dressed. "
»:ie
IUDICIAL SYSTEMS ARE OLD
Devlin St. Manie & Duclos
Men Wrangled Over Rights and Wrongs From Time They Began to Livo Together.
Custom Sawing1.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
We build Suits to fit.
ADVOCATES, SOUCIIONS, Eo.
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business in the »	District of Pontiac.
HULL
The concrete beginning of a system-zed Judiciary, writes Lewis M. Ho### n Case and Comment, are as old as the tribal relation. Men quarreled ibout rights and wrongs as soon as they began to live together as a community. and the chief of the tribe, or the "elders," Judged between claimants.
Indeed, at the earliest beginnings of recorded history we find In Egypt a judicial system. Including a reviewing [tower and remarkably developed ideas if administrative Justice. Judicial officers In their epitaphs rest their claim to Immortality upon having judged impartially, never oppressing the weak «nd humble, and their merciful regard for the fatherless and the widow.
In the Code of Hammurabi of Baby-Ion were embodied many the essen
Embalmer and Funeral Director purchasers’ ifiteraet to consult me before placing their order hn principle* of modem justice which
,	.	» -	» .	«	.	.	,,	were transmitted to European people»
Main Street,Shawville.	|elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.	(through the oequeet» of Alexander
md the Romans. These form the primal basis of the Roman civil law of our English ancestors, derived through the early tribes of northern Europe.
Even old Homer (66 B. C.) gives us a suggestive picture of the modern system of court trials, as the Odyssey : "What time the Judge forsakes the noisy bar
To take repast, and still# the wordy war."
MURRAY BROS
•S
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
GEORGE E. MOREHCY
Ottawa—Montreal via Short Line :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 9.15, a. i\
Lv (B)
Ottawa Maniwaki
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.40, p. m.
Lv Ottawa Broad St. ».2\ a. in. or. Tuesday, Thursday,
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OK
.Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, Ate.
executed oaretully to the satisfaction of parties.
,102 Wellington St.
.Phone : Queen 6^30.
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
“	3.30, p. m
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
md Saturday only.
Shawville—Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville a. in. * Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 8.55, a. in. Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10.50, p. in. Ottawa —Winnipeg —Vancouver :
Lv (C) Ottawa Broad St205, a. in.
Hvll.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu*
GEORGE HYNES
ments ever placed before the public of thisdistrict. Prices are such that it will be to intending
Ottawa—Pembp.okk :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.45, p. m.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. a.00, a. m. on Monday, Wednesday
ind Saturday only.
(A) Daily.
(C) Daily except Monday
(B) Daily except Sunday.
For further particulars apply to
V. A. L. TITCKEB. Agent, Shawville.
Note :
Pdrsonalattention.Openallhours.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
UNDERTAKING a»d EMBALMING
«*
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
For Sale
SHAWVILLE ELEVATOR
W. J. HAYES
8HAWVILLI
4u0 lbs. Early and Red Clover Seed,
(opposite J. H. Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per - Bounl attention
30 to 25 tone Clover Mixed Hay, saved eaily in season before ripeuing.
20 loads Threshed Clover Straw.
1 Empire Cream Separator, never used ; cap. about 450 lbs.
1	Steam Boiler and 1 Steam Engine, suitable for cheese factory or creamery ; also steam piping, valves and other connections
Milk Vat, Weigh Can and Conductor, Curd Mill, Cheese Hoop* and Press, Double Beam Scales, Milk Testers, including glassware : Shafting, Hangers, Pulleys, Churn, Butter Worker, and numerous small articles together with some factory supplies.
Some of the above will not be sold sei>arately unless a collective *ale fails.
2	Tables with drawers (used in Commercial School).
2 Village Lots, opposite Shawville Methodist Church.
Failing sale of Lota, my Farm north ot Shawville Cemetery will be offered.
Is open for business every day (Sunday excepted) prop^^Züî%MoriTiZbor and
...	,	« mm lift*	n • A	well-being of the Individual must be
Highest Market Prices Paid. ,	TZZ,
I have installed a CLIPPER CLEANER, specially %dlna„d for the cleaning of Seed Grain, which is cleaned bolder* i« *ccepte<i by the public ••
while you wait, at 10c. per cwt. for coarse grains	Z
Never in the history ot our country was it more neces JJJJJg SKS'omLÎVÏtbeï™l"
sarv to sow good seed and to sow only that which will grow, ticbiuty of »ny system of factory opJ	*	e ration solely on the basis of whether
Qat your S66d ready bgfors th0 rush. YOU such administration or system will ln-
J	,	_ ,	sure a permanent or Increasing degree
will need every hour in seed time.	| of flnanchH prom to the owner, we
have to consider the human aide of all Industrial activity, not alone in Its relation to the segregated community and the public at large. .
J. L. HODGINS
The age has passed
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
R. W. HODGINS,
Box 173 Shawville, Que.
In all countries Ask for our INVENTOR S ADVISER,which wlU be sent free.
MARION & MAIUON.
3*4 University SU Montréal.
WM. HODGINS.
S
###PAGE###6###
mm
»
mm
on a level with the bare of I^eone's den in the open air. She patted me on the head, in pure friendliness I certain, but the effect of the pat was that I was stunned, and the doctor had to pull a scratch together with sixteen stitches. I never suffered any harm at the claws of a tiger, and my experience goes to show that the tiger takes pretty well to captivity, though here and there one meets with a villain or a vixen.
The jolliest little fellow that ever V MODERN AH AH AND NAKOT11.
came to the Zoo in my time is Ranji,	-----
the Indian Hon, who arm	a tluf Method by Which the Kaiser Obtained
fy brown cub from the estate of H H
top, and was walking about the grounds. There you have the difference between bears and other animals. A lion or a tiger would have remained in the box for any length of time without ever thinking of devising a means of escape. The brains of the hear were equal to the occasion. Bruin is a clever animal, and you never know what he may be up tq when his keeper’s hack is turned.
DEVELOPMENTS IN SCIENCE OF WAR
25 YEARS IN THE LION HOUSE
am
' >4
(XK VER WORK OF ENGINEERS ON THE FIRING LINK.
KEEKER AT THE LONDON ZOO LOGICAL G ARDENS.

¦¦1
familiar with such thniga, or else put
What thv Hritinh Have Accomplished t*°" will see that any on^ofjhese
HnuMM
I ¦ i ¦¦ !
to appear in the centre of a Bank reason is that bears have more brains a tradesman in It.-ilin who Imd re duce yards to meters and kilometers motor to begin operations on its own Another detriment to a self start-Holiday crowd at the lion-house, Dick than "ther an‘mala- and juat kn0" Ceivo,l the ground in settlement of a to mi,es"to make a maP that- onee power, which may be all the way from er’a activities and life is the Improper
- " .........¦» -	: z	sitz&Tï
EfHkHSE SS* HBSrrSsKE
I had always to keep out of its reach. | remember when Sam was brought The kaiser's agent ascertained the have also been overcome by the en- also need replacement by repairmen er s peace of mind.	_
^ vt tbat leopard would allow any of ylt. at six months old from the Arc- figure at which the 1 desman had	The old army rule that re-
the other keepers to stroke it and tjc regions the first thing he did was bought it and offered him the same Huired a general to put in his order, became effective, so that they are miles in length and six miles in depth make a fuss about it. I never did th \ to catch a cold. He shivered like a sum plus five per cent. Interest on it spelling out in Roman capitals, the ! changing their past defeat into pres- to a scale that could he put on a field beast any harm. It just dnln t take human being with influenza. For a for five years. When the offer was names of all towns and roads, and ent victory, and so they are gathering of about 1000 to 2500 feet, and put on to me from the beginning, and never month I shut him up and fed him with refused, the agent raised his bid to needlessly prolonging the order, is strength which must inevitably carry so accurately that when the order troubled to give' me a chance ot prov-. vod ]iver oil. He would take nothing four hundred pounds, but seven hun- abolished by this system of maps. All them across the Rhine, unless there came through in the morning to move ing that I was all right.	i else, and got well on it. Lions and di ed pounds was the lowest figure that of France has been mapped in a sec- js a collapse in Germany before that forward every man could find his
On the other hand there was a tigers are also rather liable to catch the tradesman would accept. The mat-1 tion of sheets numbered from 1 up. 'day comes.	path as surely as if he were on his
tigress which simply couldn’t abide _ volda Many lion cubs and bear cubs ter then dropped, but a month later Fach sheet is divided into a number when it is planned to attack a cer- home street under a row of electric the headkeeper in those days, though have died at the Zoo of pneumonia, the tradesman was served with a no- squares, and they are all exactly tain point, the commander dictates to lights, was indeed wonderful. Each nobody ever treated wild beasts bet-j We have never been able to rear to tice stating that his land was requir- allke in number. Each square is again the engineers the thing he has in his man had completely absorbed the sur-ter. vtrimge to say, 1 had not been | fun maturity cubs of these animals ed for military purposes, and shortly divided into four principal parts, so mind and the chief of engineers goes roundings. He had taken in all that in the lion-house a month before I ; born at the Zoo. If any have lived a afterwards he received an official offer that when a man receives an order out and produces on the ground to a the engineer had done and was able could pat the tigress and do anything few years they have developed rickets, from the German government of one to do a certain thing he is referred perfect scale a map of the whole to carry it out.
I liked with her. except of course, and had to be destroyed. The young hundred and fifty pounds for the six to sheet 1, No. 27, and one of the four country that has to be traversed in The British engineers have perfect-go into the cage with her. I never j 0f wolves and dingoes thrive all right acres.	" j subdivisions which are designated by that engagement.	ed barrage woVk. I wish I could show
presumed so far as to look for trouble under the care <>f dogs as foster-( jn Germany when land is required the first four letters of the alphabet.	Q, M ..	. Prpnar,	you a diagram that is issued to an
In that way.	I mothers.	(for military purposes the owner is For the very simple reason that	Mx Months to Fr p .	artillery commander from the chief
Lions and tigers live on one meal generally advised to accept any offer men speaking different languages can- In the fight on the Messines Ridge, engineer’s office telling him how to Sometimes a lion or a tiger williin twenty-four hours. On the aver- that the government may make He not and do not pronounce the first where I had an opportunity to study put down his barrage in a certain spot a person among the public and age it consists of ten pounds of horse- : can. if he pleases, put his own valua- four letters of the alphabet alike, they such a map, they were nearly six fight, and then he calculate, it out begin snarling For instance the flesh- Sl,u'e horses have ration- tion on it and have the selling price have substituted arbitrary symbols to months preparing this map—I called according to all this modern figuring Very sight of h Chinaman sends alien e,i t,urV?g the "ar their Aeah is not so ( fixed in a court of law, but in nine represent them; so that C, which can it this plan-on the ground, of the with regard to artillery range in a Into a rage I never could tell why nourishing. and the beasts hardly cases out of ten that is a proceeding he hissed over every tongue, is the region to be traversed. The airplanes way that produces results. They were It is just one of those strange things I 8e*™Tt0 1,0 so wel1 ™ ,lt* „ v | which brings loss to the owner, for only one of the four letters which re- took their photographs every day both successful in their last two raids he-about the beasts that nobodv can ex-1. lfJ w?.re to ^ °r ?ar,>\th° usually it results in his having to ac- 'mains as it was. *‘A” is “ab.” “B” is the panoramic photograph out of the cause they had invented a new species lain	‘	i brother lions, a double ration, they cept the government’s offer or even beer,” and “D” is “don.” The sec- side of the machine and flat photo- of barrage fire which I think I am
There are eleven lions and lionesses “**ht	l>Ut îhfy W0Tuld want a lower one; rarely does he got an in- ! tions are divided that way, and if j graphs from the bottom. They were not permitted to say anything about
at the Zoo to-dav and Dick and Harrv tIe or nothing next day- Ll0ns arc not i crease on the original offer	I they want to locate a cannon they read by the microscope, printed by the except to say that it is the highest
are a pair of shaggy brothers in the exact|y giuttons or hogs. They arc The tradesman wisely recognized may mark one of these, subdivided, ! photographer and then sent to the kind of engineering art
mmmsssÊïïKmrn w*
mouth, but the veterinary surgeon for exactly the amount that 2 D is a high triumph of military art. ^ marked, and if they discovered Fish Chops.-Pick one can of sal-often comes to cut claws that have tradesman had paid for it	By thc substitution of the new system that thcy had made a Mistake and a mon or other cold fish fine with a sil-
grown back into their pads, causing	-^__ for the old, whether the reader be an 5etter photograph showed an error, it ver fork, adt^a tablespoon of lemon
the animal to limp painfully. In the	March.	Englishman, a Frenchman, an Italian wag corrected and everybody brought juice, a dash of pepper and salt to
old days wc used to lasso the lion	,	..	,	.	or an American, the map means just hack to study that part over. Here taste. Melt two tablespoons of but-
round the neck, and it took about “Î lf. ^ar. * lIanh ^ln,ls	the same to him. It used to be that waa a ncw development of military ter in a sauce pan, stir in one-fourth
twenty men to drag the beast up to	mg winds and cold;	a map was handed to a regimental engineering bV the aid of photography CUP sifted flour, and add one cup of
the bars of the cage, with its claws x^r Illvad and pasture lands.	commander and by him passed to a and t)ie ajrpiane The French engi- scalded milk. Stir and boil until
held in position for the “vet.” to oper-	’ ' r P am and wold.	battalion commander and upon that neerg co-ordinated and put upon the smooth, then stir in the fish. When
ate when the lion had been chloro- , v,h e* rilde, rude winds,	map he formulated his orders. It is not ffround an exact picture of the area the mixture is cold form into flat
formed-	I “ua*nd. ^'d=	•« to-day. The map goes into the hands *™pied bv tile PGerman armv. and eke. to resemble .hops, dip in corn-
Over <h,!eng^n fnU	of the s(,uad ,eader- becau»e the ?cl" when the time came to move they meal, and fry. Serve-with your fav-
( '	ence is so chsn|ll thit the fighting moved irresistibly over the lines laid orite fish seuce•
Fierce, fierce, fierce winds,	^ not d®ne by the commanding g en- down to* complete victory, because Oatmeal Muffins.—f* cup cooked
Searching winds and chill;	era^ wor*' ** to sev tba1	me"	every man engaged had in his mind	oatmeal, IH cups flour, H cup milk, 1
Round the palace and the hall	are kept healthy, well fed and	well	primary object, hia-secondary ob-	egg,H level tablespoons sugar, 2 level
Round the cot and mill.	equipped and held to the highest type jec^ and the ultimate'object of attack tablespoons melted butter substitute,
March. March, March winds,	discipline.	and worked with an intelligence that | 4 level teaspoons baking powder, %
Loud your voice and shrill,	Tbe hghting is done by the stjuad foad been unknown.	teaspoon salt. Mix and sift flour,
But your gladsome promises	jfaderH and c°mpany commanders, j	Meaaines Ridve	sll*ar’ *a,t and bakin» P°wder- Add
Some time ago one of the Canadian Springtime shall fulfill.	men vxbo do lbe fighting must be f	•	half the milk and the egg well beaten,
mascots, a little black bear, which we	—L. M. Thornton. intelligently taught what they have Now the study of that field of fire Mix the remainder of the milk with
Only one mishap ever came my way. i ]00k aftor at	the	Zoo	for	the	regi-	-+- to do. The bayonet positively thinks	over the Messine Ridge was a re vela-	the cooked oatmeal and add to the
It was through a lioness called Leone, nient, was placed	in	this	box.	Half*	Both for thc sake of safety and ap- in tbis war- J1 wtt* n.ot until	tbc	tion to me of the discipline of engi-	dry ingredients.
We were moving a leopard, and I	was '	an hour afterwards wo found that the 1 pcarances, get rid of waste paper British and French soldiers learned neering. The patience that was dis- i then add melted butter
standing on top of thc box. my	head	bear had gnawed his way out at thc promptly.	that the bayonet must think that they played all that time in reducing fifteen greased gem pans.
Respect For Self-Slsrter»
Tells of the Peculiar Habits and Traits of » ild Animals in Captivity,
the Zoological Gardens, London. *
“Old Sutton." who was head of the
manes, would spot me in a minute, and make signs of recognition by jumping about their cages.
Not Looking For Trouble
I
The Honest Tiger
nights.
Tigers are. on the whole, more friendly ami trustworthy than a >ood many lions. A lion is either a gentleman or a cad; a lioness is either a lady or a shrew. There is no middle course with them.
Tigers, on the other hand, are very straightforward. They never “let on" they like you. Either they do or they don’t. They always make it quite clear to you what they think of you. A waiter once tried to give a lion some bread through the bars of
outer den at th< hack of thc lion- is coa i by bits of appetising meat The beast caught hold of his into a chloroform box, fitted with six 1 and I ran to the rescue on hear- barred windows, through which we j
took ran see when the chloroform has tak-
His claws are then pulled

Brainy Bruin
This is all changed now
The beast
an
house
arm
ing the waiter's screams. We him to the hospital to have his arm *n effect dressed He had paid a painful price through a space in the bottom of tl
for his lesson
box
Cruel to be Kind
Beat thoroughly, Bake in

(
: ARE Not) BaASTlWtf OR. oPOLOolZlNu. Tt>M?
IM N or KlDDWf	Well, OLIVIA, Itf NOT
Rich - t Never cravpd
Riches, DOT iVe ALWAYS DEE/t PRETTY ôUiVESSPVL-I 5TARTE D AS A POOR DoV AND WORKED MN WAN OP „
I will teu. Nou some time how
I doT MY START, AND THERE IS ONE THING I CAN SAY-J’mA SELF-MADE MAN -A SELF-MAPE LT
Tom, I Think that coat looks Fine on Nou - it makes nou
LOON" LIKE A RICH BUSINESS MAN

Tom -
r
/
7/

4
T

MAN
k | this coat ?
Ti

I
Z
\
<u
(i
.V
y
f
CC



?


i

%
H



H

h
mP"
p
1
\

r
) r
::iàZX
mfi



i
»




_
###PAGE###7###
!
%
WEAK, NERVOUS PEOPLE’ """""	1 "ED,L
FERTILIZER
Quiet Life.
Happy the man whose wish and care A few paternal acres bound, Content to breathe his native air In his own ground.
Whose herds with milk,
Whose fields with bread*
Whose fields supply him with attire, Whose trees in summer yield him shade,
In winter fire.
*»!•
mimerai.
And Right Bravely It Wan Received
By a Real Hero.
ONTARIO FERTILIZERS, LIMITED
CANADA
Such Sufferer* Can be Restored by Building Up the Blood.
WEST TORONTO
Since early morning, writes Mr.
Cerald Brandon, w.rd .ixty-eeven ha.l #f	in agrirultural topic,
seethed with Huppreeeed excitement, an(, .fi hougeho](J Mienc, throughout Nervous people who have not yet for this was'to be a red-letter day in the counlry These courses are design-developed a disease that can be re-	its history.	1 he	calmest	patient	was	^ nofc only for farmers and	their
cognized and treated by the medical	Paul Villiers, wIiik occupied	bed	No.	wtve8 but for tbp young men and wo-
profession have the greatest trouble	9- -and yet M. Villiers had special	men wbo have left school and are
in finding relief. Irritation, head-	reason to be excited, for he was the	about lo active]y enter upon the af-
aches, sleeplessness, nervous dyspep-	cause of	l'upa	Coffre	a	expected	falrH of |ffe |n the schools	them
sja, all these discomforts make life	visit.	.	, .	selves an attempt is being made	to de-	away
miserable, but are endured rather After lunch the ward was furbished yelop H „yfltem of instruction which In health of body, peace of mind; than run a doctor's bill without de-	up by la petite miss until not a speck	wm uti|iye the 0bjecta associated with	Quiet	by day,
finite hope of an improved condition,	of dust remained. Flowei vanes were	ruraj |jfe aH a medium through which	Sound	sleep	by night; study and case
Every sufferer should know the borrowed from adjoining war, s, ^ educate the child. In fhe higher Together mixed; sweet recreation | Few people know that to take
'Ci: L5	tsrs isssrjtrs - *- -.............................................-I-* - * — r -..................-
and even paralysis may result if the with trench and American flags. ggricvMure has been promoted, and, in tone of the nerves is not restored.	At two o’clock la petite miss, who sevfra, provjnces> at least, schools of
The one big fact that brings hope had been standing guard in the hall, intermediate grade	g I
and relief is that the nerves can be tiptoed in.	the public school and the agricultural
restored by building up the blood. They are here!	college, have been established
It cannot be too often repeated that The door swung open, and a broad- ct of theHg „pe<.ial HChools is to 0 only through the blood can nourish- shouldered figure in fa,led blue en- provWe vocational training in agri-ment or medicine reach the nerves, ten*].	C culture and household science.. As
sjsk.'s b a s PJzgr&T szsAïAzrsrJDodd'’ ^Mra
store vitality and energy to a weak, tient stiffened under his <pvers, to lie ing (Q (he ^nancial assistance given	Mercredi,
nervous system. A nervous person at attention in honor of thh generalis- by thc Act> tbcjr influence will Jawbones these pills a trial is almost simo.	*i greatly extended. How wide a field is
certain to see good results, and what "Repos!" said Joffre kindly; end as [,ejng covered by agricultural instruc- She Had Been 111 Two Years and Could is more, the benefit will be lasting be-	the wounded men, with sighs of	relief,	tjon work ig in(iicut«d in a pamphlet	Kind No Cure, That’s Why	Her
cause the trouble is attacked at Its	slid back into comfortable positions	jugl isgu,,d by the Dominion Commis- | Husband Is Enthusiastic	Over
root; building up the blood restores the hero of the Marne approached bed gjoner uf Agricultural Instruction, Mr.	Kirfn„v
, the nerve force. That is why people No. 9 and began to read from an off- w j yjav|( ^ entitled "Agricul-	7
who occasionally take Or. Williams’	ciai paper:	tural Instruction in Canada," and a	Fort Smith, Alberta, March	11th
Pink Pills always feel bright, active	“( orp. Villiers of (he 146th	(has-	%Qpy may be Mad on application to the (Special.)—Among all the thousands
and strong'. Mrs. \Vm. McIntyre, seurs, noncommissioned officer of un- Publications Branch of the Depart- of Canadians who praise Dodd’s Ktd-Gsnanoque, Ont., says:—'For a num- usual bravery and initiative, remain- ment of Agriculture at Ottawa.	ney Pills for thc good they have done,
her of years I was always tired and ed at his post in an observation sta-	•	______*________	there is no more fervent admirer of
listless. The least noise would so tion under heavy bombardment and an K-Vt AKINfï R1TTTKRFLIFR the great kidney remedy than Isidore startle me that I would tremble and continued to transmit valuable inform- •	___ J	* Mercredi of this place
ss? A rsxu1 rr zvst ^ ------««—.—». JB -1,
ing. I was almost wholly unfitted for (|ay of the entire army, and awarded	»' Silkworm.	Dills," Mr. Mercredi says. “My wife , ed right out with the fingers if you
housework, and always so nervous that the military medal and the war cross " There is a species of butterfly, na- : was sick for two years We could ! will apply on the corn a few drops of life was almost a burden. I tried sey- ]	w*k palm."	live to British East Africa, that builds	not find anything	to restore her to	freezone, says a Cincinnati authority
eral medicines, but they did not help	The general .stooped	over	the	bed	communal nests as big as a man’s two	health. Then we	found a pamphlet1 At little cost one can get a small
me in the least. One day I received a ami pinned the medals on Villier’s fists. These nests, attached to telling of several persons who had bottle of freezone at any drug store, pamphlet describing Dr. Williams ( breast;' then he kissed him on both branches of the trees on whose leaves been cured by Dodd’s Kidney Pills. which will positively rid ones feet of Pink Pills and decided to give them a j cheeks and shook his least wounded the insects as caterpillars feed, are “My wife used just two boxes of every corn or callus without pain or trial. I	|m	glad	now that I	did	fur	hand warmly, while he questioned him	made of a good quality of silk.	them	and she is perfectly well, to the	soreness	or	the	danger	of infection,
after using	eight	boxes they	have	so	about his hurts, his family, and his	Inside the nest, however, are some	great	surprise of all our neighbors.	This	new	drug	is	an	ether	corn-
strengthened and built up my run- j	plans for the future.	hundreds of individual cocoons. Thus	They van tell you	the same thing. I	pound, and dries the moment it Is ap-
down, nervous system that I can work	Villiers, overcome by	emotion,	could	one might say that the bunch repre-	cannot recommend	Dodd’s Kidney Pills	Plieti and <loes not inflame or even ir-
witn pleasure and feel refreshed after	srarce|y answer, although the general,	sents a whole flock of butterflies.	enough."	ritate	the surrounding tissue. Just
a night s sleep. I sincerely hope some	smiling at him in a fatherly way, tried	But the important point is that the Dodd’s Kidney Pills are the	greatest	think!	^ ou can lift off your corns and ; ^
similar sufferer may benefit by my *0 put him at his ease. Then Joffre’s silk of the cocoons is comparable in of all remedies for weak, suffering calluses now without a bit of pain or L
experience.	eyes noticed a widening splotch of red | quality to that spun by the silkworm, women. They cure the kidneys. The soreness._U_your druggist hasn’t r
V? V* weak, nervous or feel- that spread slowly on the hero’s ’ and claim is made that it might be kidneys are the root of nine-tenths of freezone he can easily get a small bot-Pgv pmi S? Si gtï6 ! '	.!!*T breaat-	i utilized profitably for the weaving of women’s ills. Moreover, cured kidneys tie for you from his wholesale drug
in M	s a	trial	and $ on	will	>e	“gef? doctor,” he said to a member	fabrics, the coarser material of the	mean	pure clear blood all over the	house,
surprise	o	see	now quickly	t	e .	0f the hospital staff, “the boy has a	nests finding industrial employment as	body.	That means good health every-
nervousness will pass away and your hemorrhage. Perhaps he is not yet “floss."	I ¦	¦¦	¦
former energy return. * ou can get we„ *„ough for so much excitement."
these pills through your medicine The surgeon approached wondering- GIRLS! LEMON JUICE
was this blood coming from. As he How to make a creamy beauty lotion “Did you do as you were told,
jerked open the pyjama coat, Villiers,	for a few cents.	Billy, and give your brother the best
The True Celtic Wit	biting his lip, could not suppress an	The juice of two fresh lemons	part of that apple?"
A good story of an episode that be-	=jacu,ation of Pain- The	strained int0 \botJtIi containing three "Yes, aunt," said the	youngster	“I	DOCtOI’S ltd OUllllCIHl
fell him in Dublin a little while be- tbc military medal had pierted j ouncea 0f orchard white makes a gave him the seeds. He can plant
fore the war is told to a London news through his	an<1 Punctured a whole quarter pint of the^ most re-1’em and have a whole orchard him.	""TV""' » torrent	------
N (tie >f Jutlani	°* sc^'b*nme» but Villiers had regain- RmaH jar 0f the ordinary cold creams. Mlnard’e Liniment for sale everywhere,
common people. His companion ven-	-------*---------- woman know that lemon ju.ee .s used
5WÂ tsrart tt A SPLENDID LAXATIVE Ï SW= SSTtt
only a legend.	FOR THF RARY ^ sk,n oftener’	and
"Well," retorted Sir Cecil, can	VIN ll,L UrtUI beautdler.	THE BKLGJAN NEED.
land we have them twice that size " *tlve 1 bavc ever U8C“ *or lhe iaby* ronto and other points, has been ob
The old ladv looked un ‘ surveyed The Tablet» are sold by	medicine deal-	vjated by the co operation of the Can-	Andrew Carnegie was	once asked
Di_R »	The Advancement of	Agricultural,	able to forward, according to figures	"Which is the most important part of
¦	¦_	____ UMte	issued here yesterday.	a three-legged stool ? ”
Up to Feb. 18th a total of 1256 load
The promotion of welfare of the Grand Trunk cars destined for east-1 We have been using MINARD’S agricultural community	as a basis for	^ pojnt9f had been accepted by the	LINIMENT in our home	for a num-
the industrial and commercial prosper-	c^naaian Northern at Toronto and	1)€r of yearR and URe no	other Lini-
ity of the country, was the object aim- moXQd cast over its lines. Relief was ment but MINARD’S, and we can reed at by the Parliament of ^ a"a^’ extended to the C.P.R. to the extent of commend it highly for sprains, when, in 1918, at the instance of the g60 car8 making a grand total of brui8es, pains or tightness of the Minister of Agriculture, the Honorable J616 carg	! chest, soreness of the throat, head-
Martin Burrell, it adopted the measure, % ifl officially announced by the Can- acbe or anything of that sort. We known as the Agricultural Instruction ft(jian Northern that the road will fur- wm not be without it one single day,
, Act. By means of this Act the sum	co-operate with the other lines ^or we get a new bottle l>efore the
of ten million dollars was set apart. ^ lbe extent of 90 cars daily from otber jB u\\ used. I can recommend it | for distribution among the provinces the Grand Trunk at Toronto; and 40 hiirhlv to anyone, over a period of ten years to provide carR each day from the C.P.R. at Sud-,	JOHN WALKFIELD.
• for a greater extension of instruction b to ^ handled over the trans- , aHave Island9, Lunenburg Co , N.S. and education for those engaged in continentai fine of the C N R. as far '	____________________
An investigation made prior to the introduction of the measure has revealed two outstanding deficiencies in 1 connection with agricultural development. In the first instance, the response to the teachings of colleges of
BAKING POWDER.
CONTAIN# NO ALUM.
4
I
t
W/i
which Km all He Ingredient*
#
Blest who oari unconcernedly find Hours, days and years slide soft
E WGILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
AIN# NO Al-ïS
Ton ONTO. ONT.
WINNIPEG
that are to be
Hard boiled eggs served cold in salad should directly after cooking be placed in cold water. This will prevent the outside of the yolk from turning dark.
To Make Clothes White
beautifully white, a sliced lemon put into the boiler, when boiling, and allowed to remain until the clothes are ready to come out, will accomplish this happy result lemon must be removed and the fruit cut up in slices.
He Knows Just Why He Admires Them
as between
Klnard’s Liniment Cures Barns, Etc
The rind of the
The
W
KEKf,Y NEWSPAPER IN WESTern Ontario. Doing u good business. Death of owner places It on the market. A great rhanee for a man with rash Apply Ho* 82. Wilson Publishing Co. Limited. Toronto.
Mlnard's Liniment Cores Dandruff
Ilf ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER VY and Job printing plant In I- • r n
Will Box 6». Ltd. Toronto.
The white of a negg when used instead of water for mixing mustard poultices prevents the skin from blistering.
Ontario. Insurance carried 11.600 go for $1,200 on quick sale Wilson Publishing « «
MISCELLANEOUS
l y ANCER. TVMORfl. LUMPS. ETC., V/ internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Write us before too late Dr. Bellman Medical Co.. Limited. Colltngwood. Ont.
v- o o —o
o
WITH THE FINGERS!
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
WITHOUT ANY I AIN
o —O—o—o
Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or
The Soap to cleanse and purify, the Ointment to sootheand heal
Pure and sure, these fragrant, super-creamy emollients are wonderfully effective for skin and scalp troubles that itch, burn, torture and disfigure infants, children and adults.
Free Sample Each by Mail
For free sample each address "Cuticura. Dept. N, Boston,
Sold throughout the world.
*


L


where
The Soul of a Plano to the Action. Insist on the
“OTTO HIOEU' PIANO ACTION

L nsvlfihh

«
?
lton-Opto for the Eyes
Physicians and eye specialists pre- 1 • scribe Bon-Opto as a safe home remedy à in the treatment of eye troubles and to strengthen eyesight. Sold under money
Cooking bags arc paper bags used} refund guaranty by all druggists.
! for steaming or warming up food.
Common store bags make good ones.
Biscuits, etc., are put in these. Then the bags are sprinkled lightly with water, tied up at the end and put in the oven for five or ten minutes.
i
HAULING BIGGER LOADS
A Quick Relief for Headache
without extra spanning is easily accomplished when you
A headache is frequently caused by badly digested food; the gases and acids resulting therefrom are absorbed by the blood which in turn irritates the nerve# and causes painful symptoms called headache, neuralgia, rheumatism, etc. 15 to 30 drops of Mother Self el’s Syria will correct faulty digestion and afford relief.
Use
MICA
AXLE GREASE
" Use half as much as any other "
Axles are rough and porous, causing friction. The mica flakes fill thc pores and the
8
grease keeps them there. Mica Crease prevents locked
wheels and hot boxes, gives sure relief for unnecessary strain on horses and harness.
No Need to Rub
Try Sloan’s Liniment and see how quickly the swelling is reduced and the pain disappears. No need to rubs it penetrates quickly and brings relief. Have a bottle handy for rheumatic ^ains, neuralgia, back ache and all mus-
EUREKA HARNESS OIL
* ' Lengthens leather life
replaces the natural oils that dry out of the leather and puts new life in old harness. Jt penetrates the leather leaving it soft and pliable, and overcomes the worst enemies of harness—water and dirt.
it is not the finding of a thing, but the making of something out of it after it Is found, that is of consequence.
Lowell.
*r

Generous sized bottles, at your
druggist, 25c.e 50c.. $1.00.

H

You Will Better
Understand
Sold In standard sized pa. kage- by live dealers everywhere.
IM
I
IMPERIAL OIL LIMITED

1
The popularity of
» ' W
BRANCHES IN ALL CITIES

Instant
.. Postuni
6
Ottawa


A quickly made glue is obtained by rubbing a little piece of cold boiled potato on a sheet of paper with the fingers. ^
*
MS
Thrift
MICA

She was comely and a widow, and, moreover she was Scotch. She mourned Macintosh, her late husband, for
, 1A	,	-	. ,	, eighteen months, and then from a
agriculture and experimental farms *	,.hose honest homely
was too slow to effect an immediate and noteworthy improvement in the conditions surrounding farm life. The second weakness was found in the fact that little or no attempt was being made to adapt the country’s edu- jntlre »» rational system to the specific re-, nl4y^’g but quirements of country boye and girls. .
The form of instruction was the same whether the child was destined for employment in the country or in the

a
/NE Granulated Eyelids,
Sloan’s prices not Increased 25c 60c $1
IjfcffCf E>cs I "Earned by
EEE&Si.: DOES YOUR STOMACH CONTAIN
when you use it as your regular table beverage for a few days.
It so readily proves its own worth in flavor, comfort, convenience and economy that its amazing increase in use is quickly explained upon trial.
Maclntire for her second.
"I'm no guid enough for ye, dear
he imÊtÊÊKÊtUHMtÊÊÊÊIlÊÊM
choose mèe oot o' sac mony?”
"Ah, weel, ye see, your name’s Ma
R
No Smart isf, Joit Ey* Comfort
At Your Dreesut'e ¦er by
ms *
What for did ye
A GLASSFUL OF ACID?
Marine Eye Remedy

96 OUT OF 100 DYSPEPTICS HAVE , they suffer the <1.#
DANGEROUS ACID IN THEIR	ihl"Uis^mfo,t
STOMACHS. WHICH	MUST	becaese the acid	mixes with the fraah
B r™ TU ° 'F • Üfl. a"r™".d	r*
GOOD MB At 1 H	IS	fermentation, which Irritates, distends
TO BE MAIN-	and Inflames the	tender stomach lining.
TAINED	' and tl Is not surprising that Ip*
began the bewildered
Patriotism
Breathes there a man with soul so dead, ^	j
Who never to himself hath said, j "This is my own, my native land!” ¦HIHiHBkj within him
"An’ ye ken,” finished the widow, "all my linen's marked ‘Mac!.* -that's why, Donald."

l
town.
The placing of funds at the disposal of the provinces in the manner indicated t has led to a much wider extension of instructional work among | the men and women and boys and girls who are living on the land. A marked development of the short idea has resulted in the extern»
1st*
Whose heart hath
l
r
n*
ay
, decided!.'
>- rondltlO! a lowing a strict d s easier and more
rtg a tea.-poonful of bisui carter glassful of i eutrallse the acidity
¦ .«
burn d
\ri home his From wai
Shur-Gain

be

If
•'*1*
he hath turn’d

i n
j# 1
kly effective, 1 a ted n m. vs '
h The lat-# much more satisfactory be-rects the at Mlty and banish-


I
r


K on
eig
Fertilizer
|SS
i Inf!


st rahd ?
! yet an I glass f*
1*
Sir Walter Scot

"There's a Reason"
f th
ISSUE Ne. 11—’18
Mlnsrd's Llnliuent BeUeves lVenralgia.
t any need
u
irse
###PAGE###8###
Amateur* don’t lay aside your kodak* during the winter, there ore lots of interesting picture* can be made to send t" I hr iniye at the (font finishing a specialty.




The ShawYille Boot and Shoe Store
\ inn tem
7wk
/

H. IMlso>»\
Dealer in Kulaks and Supplies

QUALITY

r
Wood
Wanted !

I/,


: C“X«

1
I

IS
1

Is first, last, and all the time the important consideration in


Wanted at the Rectory, SiVnw-ville ten cords of good hardwood, suitable for furnace— beech, birch and maple. Cash on delivery. Apply to
REV. A. T PHILLIPS.

X

. -

à
*4


OUR SHOES
» I . Tt
.&is
Replace Your Buggy
Wifh a Ford
A
See them—it is discovered Wear them— it is experienced.
Â
2
t.*
FOR SALE
The under* ignrd offers fur sale the following ;
1 Massey-'ll arris Hinder,
I Herring Mower,
1	! .millier Waggon,
I Drag Sawing Machine,
A quantity of Hay,
MRS. 1\ DUMAS,
Maple Ridge, Bristol
Always the Biggest Possible Values 4 4 for the Least Money at 4 4 Our Up-to-date Shoe Store.
« &
;

FOR SALE
Good Shoes for
!
li TORE thailOt <,000 Fords are owned by people In
VI ^anada in preference to the old horse-drawn •1.Y.L buggy and other makes of cars.
lo Horses and Mares,
I Cutter, new, at cost,
I set I). Driving Hob Sleighs, l :\bQ 11», rap. Blue Hell Separator I Disc Harrow, l Mibry Harris Hinder, 6-ft.
.1. !.. HODOINS,
Shaw ville. Que.
EVERYBODY
in the most complete assortments at all times. The authentic styles and unsurpassed values in all kinds of Footwear are FOUND HERE.
Your neighbors, and farmers in every section of the Dominion are abandoning their old buggies—selling their driving horses and buying Fords.
Ford cars are utility cars. They are built to endure the strain of constant daily use over rough roads.
These are the tests every farmer gives his car. The Ford meets them in a satisfactory manner. It is the farmer’s car, so why not replace your horse and buggy with a Ford?
INSURANCE
P. E. SMILEY
THE HOUSE of QUALITY
y
AT THE LOWEST RATES IN I II K OLDEST AND H EST
COMPAN IES.
Marriage in Thorne
Local and District.
A ijiiivt luit pretty wedding t«H»k n .	... a. v il h ! *lac - in Thorne on Wednesday, March
ha* rnketl in a substantial sum m , * • da-, >« « end sun oi Mr. and Mis.
<>od business nil -'"h»	"f V'iiy. Nk-k.
I I he bride, looked a picture of girlish
i beauty, in a gown of grey silk trimmed The Kuvity learn* from the; with shadow lace and pearls with pi Craik (Sask.) Weekly News of the tore hat to match.
8th iii't., that Mr#. Elwiu P. Hudgins who with her husband and little
sommet for a couple of months, has returned from Regina hospital and is recovering from an operation for the removal of gall stones.
No charge for Policy Fee.
Callor write for Hates and Particulars,
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
Runabout * $575 Touring • • $595 Coupe » « $770 Sedan • - • $970
Chassis H
BRECKENRIDOE
¦¦¦	. $535
THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-Ion Truck $750
F. 0. B. FORD, ONT.
tines as well around.
For Sale
Three Purebred Ayrshire Bulls :
1 2-year old 1 year old 1 Calf
Apply to DAVID MvDOWKLL,
Shaw ville..
Shawville.
Shawville Motor Go.
Dealers
The groom’s gift to the In id»* \\a< .i sunburst.
After a week visiting among friends the young couple leave for their home at
We all join in wishing Mr and Mrs. Sparling a happy and
Com.
son visited relatives here last
W-3
Gray. Sask
TARIFF OF TOLLS to be collected during season 1918 by The Quinze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited.
For use of Improvements :
ACT TODAY
prosjieruns future
A recent decision rendered by tlie Central Appeal Judge involves the calling out of 2,000 bank em-
£3—4111“; »t7,. M ,T ^
May loth. July 15th and Sept. 15th. j |he t	Bulh-tm „ re KoJiuod
The first draft is for 831 men. As ! *XV ^tiest
the banks have already contributed Sergt. Jason Smart, *on «»i A. S. largely, through voluntary enlist- Smart, 1306 Athabaska Atomic, and ment, to the military forces of the winner of the military medal, has writ-country, the recent decision ere- ' ten a letter to his father in which he a tes a situation that will be found ! says that tne Edmonton buys at the difficult to meet until such time as front have just received a large consign-new hands are trained to perform ment of papers from this city which the work which experienced cleiks they are busily engaged in reading with are now required to relinquish
Papers Appreciated by Boys
at the Front
Your Life, Your Health, Your Buildings
May be in DANGER !
Confederation Life Association, old and reliable
London Guarantee, Fire and Automobile
Globe Indemnity Co. Accident and Health Insurance
B G. ANDERSON - General Insurance Agency,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Saw-logs, 17 feet and under in length, per 1,003 feet board measure.................................
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or Hatted, over 17 feet and under 80 feet long, per 1,000 feet board measure............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted. 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet boa id measure..................
Red and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per 1,000 cubic feet....
Pulpwood, per cord.............................
10 i ts
12* **
absorbing interest his military medal in fight in. iround Hill 70. There have been tremendous downpours of rain ou the Canadian front recently, declares Sergt. Smart, and mud is everywhere. The wliter ends his letter with “Some of the boys are waiting for me to go to the moving pictures, *o I will dose for this time.
Sergt Smart won
15 *
Free Poultry Bulletin.
There has just been published for distribution a small bulletin on the best methods of hatching and rearing chicks. Every farmer i* anxious to produce more eggs and poultry more profitably than formerly, in order to meet the enormous demands for poultry products in Quebec and to provide more poultry meat and eggs as substitutes for beef and bacon.
Write to the Poultry Division, Department of Agriculture, Quebec, Q , for a copy of the bulletin.

150
ARCHIE DOVER
10
“ THE CLOTHING MAN "
WATCHES and CLOCKS tenders wanted .. REPAIRED ..
Card of Thanks
Sealed Tenders for the otfiee of Secretary Treasurer of the County of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, will be re oeived by the undersigned up to 10 aon of Friday, March 22nd, inst.	;
The maximum salary allowed by the Act is 7 per cent, of certain amounts, but not of all the expenditure of the Society annually.
WM. HODGINS, M.L.A., Pres.,
Shawville, Qw
Kindly permit us to extend, through your columns, our heartfelt thanks to our many friends of Shawville and Clarendon for their very at kindness to us during our need, our case surely the saying ha« proven true—“a friend in need is a friend indeed
ness, and we extend to them our sincere gratitude and hope they will receive their reward, if not in this world, in the world to come.
Mr. and Mrs. .John T. Stl rueuN. March 10. 1SM8.
Editor Equity
1 desire to notify the public that 1 have taken over the Repairs of the late Hans Shade I, and am prepared to do any work of that nature entrusted to me.
Shawville, Que.
R
We will never forget their kind
Death
Gentlemen, Young Men and Boys,
Rev. Samuel J. Boyce, incumbent of the churches at La scelles and Wakefield, died Wednesday last at Ottawa, lie was in his 61st year. Coming from Belfast, Ireland, 12 years ago. the late Rev.
Mr. Boyce assumed charge of the Wakefield and La scelles parishes
and continued to minister there No. 1 -East half of Lot No. 26, 3rd until very lately, lie was super- range Clarendon, containing about 100 animated last May and succeeded acres, of which 50 acres are under culti-by Rav. Mr. Joyce, of Pol11more, Vatk>n, at promeut in hay and pasture.
îhe welf^of	1	there°n “re u vomfortxble
and the community as a whole.
Articles for repair, left in ray hands, may be had by calling at shop next door to T. Bur-
Just a few lines hurriedly written, to tell you we are ready to show Spring Clothes just as soon as you care to drop in and look at them.
And to assure you that you’ll like the way they're styled, the way they’re tailored and like their patterns and fabrics.
Don’t wait until the nice weather sends a lot of men hurriedly to buy them, many of the finer effects will be gone by thfen.
¦ !	- ¦ ¦	' ton's Barber Shop
Farms for Sale a. d. McCREDIe - shawville.
Sheriff’s Sale.
PUBLIC NOTICE is here
given
that the under-mentioned LANDS and TENEMENTS have been seized, and will be sold at the respective time and place mentioned below.
MAGISTRATES' COURT
FOR SALE
1 Massey Harris Binder 1 Hay Loader Disk Harrow 1 set Double Driving Harness 1 Cream Separator 1 Range
1 Sewing Machine 1 Lawn Slower
MRS. JA9. WILSON,
Shawville
dwelling house ; machine shop and granary ; good barn 30x40 ; two good cattle sheds and horse stable. Fifty acres of
The remains of the late Mrs. Mal* I bush land timbered with spruce and culm McRae, accompanied by the cedar.
deceased'# only son, Mr. Fred Me-1	____
Rae, arrived here by last Thurs-i No North Half of Lot No. ï0,1 day evenings train, and were con- 3rd	Clarendon, containing 100
Paul's Church and cemetery.	Varound end and aide with wire. ,	, ,,*ck of Clover Hay,
The late Mrs. McRae passed away ' "ese two r arm# are one mile from % span Horse», about 2*00 lbs., young at her home at Souris, Manitoba, Portage du Fort railway station ; 2* ami soend
on the 10th instant, after a long	miles from saw mill, twochurches,cheese	, Holstein Bull, (reg.) rising 2 years;]
period of declining health, at the	factory and school. The soil is rich	50 White Leghorn Hens,
age of 71 years. She is survived	loam.	j McCormick Seeder, (14 dUc) as
by the son, above named, and one Further particulars and terms may be	ag new a|w> a quantity of good
daughter ; also by five brothers- had on application to	seed poUUiesHUGH BROWNLEE,
Messrs. Hen James, Robert, John	JAM Eft H ART,	R R No. h shawville.
and Alex. Workman. Her hns-|3C3ra	Portage du Fort
band, the late Malcolm McRae, predeceased her about 35 years ago. Following her husbands
d	"""""" """
to Fort William, Ont., and subse-	KDWARI) DALE,
quently went to the West.	R R No. 1, Shawville
1
Province of Quebec*, » District of Poi tiac 1 No. 760.
i
I). R. BARRY, plaintiff, against BOZ-
IEL LA ITERE, defendant,
All that parcel of tract of land situate in the fifth range of the township of Allumette Island, in the district of Pontiac and known and designated according to the official reference for Allumette Island, as lot number four (4) of the said range and township with all the buildings and appurten ances thereto belonging.
. To be sold at the registrar’s office for the county of Pontiac, in the village of Bryson, on the SEVENTEENTH day of APRIL, 1918, at TEN o'clock in the forenoon.
( ;.hh!
FOR SALE
plan and in the book he said township of
Drop in at your earliest convenience, you’ll enjoy seeing the Clothes and we’ll enjoy showing them to you
Yours very truly,
For Service
Chester White Hog for service.
Apply to
PETER BROWNLEE.
vtb Range, Clarendon
ARCHIE DOVER.
For Sale.
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.
Sheritfa office,
Bryson, Que., 7th March, 1918.
[First jiubhcation, 16th March, 1918^
P. 8 —Easter Neckwear now on display.
<92
