###PAGE###1###
O
#1.00 A YEA K IN ADVANCE.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
MAY 9, 1'J18
No. 40, 36th Year,
STORB^

THE HARDWARE
THE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Borrow to Buy Cattle
! BANK
!
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest
OF
"Mixed Farming” is the big moneymaker today. Of course, grain and fruit and vegetables pay well—but beef and bacon, butter and cheese, are piling up the profits for the farmer.
Milk more cows—fatten more cattle-raise more hogs. If you need money to do it, come to The Merchants Bank. We are glad to assist all up-to-date farmers.
4,750,000
Campbell's Varnish Stain
OTTAWA
I
04 Branches In Canada.
m
<
A JOINT ACCOUNT
For Floors, Furniture, and all interior surfaces
We have a big stock in the following colors '
Dark Oak Light Oak Golden Oak Cherry
The reasons why you should use it :
Dissolves Crease Spots, Penetrates Wood Fibre, No Sediment,
It is the best stain on the market, and we guarantee every can of it.
il

is a decided convenience to the soldier.
Either of the joint owners may deposit or withdraw money without further formality.
I
12

Mahogany
Rosewood
Walnut
Green

TH€ MERCHANTS BANK
W. W. Mit< hki.l, Acting Mgr.
R. Leg kb, Manager.	1
C . M. Volqvhoi \ Acting M g 1
Fort Coulongs Branch. Campbkll* Ray Branch, Pohtagk du Fort Branch
Head Office: Montreal. OF CANADA
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
QUYON BRANCH,
Established 1864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager A. A. REID, Manager.
. ^ .
Ijook for Dover’s ad. next week.
A good time to “resolve” to lay the old brier-root on the shelf and swear off on cigarettes.
The work meeting of the S II. C. will he held on Thursday evening at the home of Mrs. P. E. Smiley.
The Murrell H M Club will meet at the home of Mrs. If. Stewart, on Wednesday, May 15th at 7 o’clock, p. m.
The Ladies' Aid of St. Matthew’s Church, Clmrteris, will hold a Sale of Work ami Box Social on the afternoon and evening of May 21th (Victoria Day) at the Parsonage. Proceeds in aid of Church Renovation.
A musical service celebrating “Mother’s Day” will he conducted by the Rev. H. C. Brown at the Austin Methodist Church oil Sunday next—May 1*2, at 7 o'clock, p. m. Solos, choruses, eU ea rly.
Gordon Richardson, owner of the imported Percheron “Gaulois” was unable to have the latter at the Stallion Show this year, on * account of taking suddenly ill, and being unable U) get a man to take the animal to the Fair. The horse, however, will be on the road, this season.
CAN YOU CHEW ?
Wat< ii Dover’» Ad. next week

A BIG DRIVE
HENRY'S SHORTHAND
" SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.

Fo* Stknograchlhs. Forthepâst ymÊ the Civil Service Commission iiax been scouring the country fur competent Stenographers. Up Feb. lrt every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the demands are now doubled.
ear
PERSONAL MENTION
Mrs. (Rev.)Burton, of Charter!*, [eft on Friday lust on a visit to Montreal.

J. H. SHAW.
_	„	... Our instruction is individual, and the
THE EQUITY had a call from Mr. school is open duiing the entire year ; Win. La bel le mayor oi Waltluim you may therefore start at any time, on Monday.	Our rates are $10 per month ; do not
Mrs. John Richaxdson lias re- r More than 300 Students from other local moved from Radford to Shaw ville, colleges have in the past joined our classtaking Up residence in Ed. Hod- es. Names and addresses are available, gills* house, on King St.	Students are assisted to positions.
Mr. Trueman Tuck and family ^	Unship.
lm\(‘ taken up 1 eflhlen(re in the jng English, Correspondence, etc. house lately vacated by Mr. Jas. | Send for circular.	J
I). Horner.



m
COWLING
OTTAWA, ONT

W. A. HODGINS
Make a specialty of preparing candidates for these examinations. Start NOW and be ready for the Fall Round Vp. Our school is open all summer.
W B.Gowuxo, H. G. W, Bbaithwait.
President
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Rank and Sparks Sts
Dr. Fraser, Mrs. Fraser and son Ross went to Westmeath on Monday to visit Mrs. Fraser, the Dr’s mother.

Principal
SHAWVILLE
EXPERIENCE
C 01116
ty Business notices on this Miss Bertha Bode, «»!' Bristol, | page 8 cents per line, who has recently completed a commercial course in Ottawa, has taken a position on the staff of the Merchants Bank in town.
vs
The finest range of men’s fine and work shirts ever shown in town on display at Dover s.
EXPERIMENT.
Learning office work is like learning
(ir. Perley Dagg. of the 73rd Your family, friends and business as- f^licm.1 ‘ * ' pI° Battery, who lias been off duty liâtes want your (portrait. A nice Machinists are trained by practical for the |M«t 12 weeks as the re range of folders to choose from.	machhiN*. doctor* by doctors, dentists
A Good Opening—If any of our	Mr. Norris Hodgins,	second son	Amateurs don t lay aside >our kodak*	workers for expert office work,
cotem» know of a jeweller who is	of Mr. E. T. Hodgins,	has joined	during the winter, there are lots of in-	For Stenographer, Secretary or Ac-
looking for a location to start	the Canadian Flying Corps, and	teresting pictures can be made to send	couutant. we have the best courses avail -
business, just give him a tip to	spent a few days with	his parents	to the boys at the front. Amateur	* ilTvear%r increase was 43%. This
come to Shaw ville. There is a in town last week before reporting finishing a specialty.	year to date U even better. Still Employ-
fine owning here for a good man, for duty at Toronto.	H. ImISON,	er* Demands Exceed the Number of
as the field is wide and DO opposi- $|r. Ross FflMT, oldest son of	Dealer in Kodaks and Supplies Willi* Graduates.
lion, hew places offer a better Dr. and Mrs. Fraser has been visit- __	.... P® Ï
opportunity for working up a ing the latter for a few days be-	Notice.-There will be a union meet- W|LLI„ college
good business m this line.	fore reporting for service in the ing of the appointments of the Clarcn- Spark, Strcet_ enlrance Wi*een
T,.n members of the local Odd- N«vy. which lie joined a short don Circuit--(Methodist Church) held m Ketchums & Sims
Wjemotori WR.,,% Urn, ______________________________
breth,jen <of,rthhat Ptowne Service '0	^	' S’t^ Pembmk^ Dife^will
was held in the Presbyterian	'
Church at 7 o'clock. The sion. which formed at the I
hall, numbered about 100, and in , „	,	._____ ._____.,____...
eluded besides the above some	^a.s been patting himsclt
brethren from Arnprior.	011 back ever since.
Toronto, April 30,1918.
Mr. W. A. Hodgins,
Shawville.
We find that all Corn coming* from the U. S. contains an excess of moisture, and if shipped you in this condition would go bad either in your hands or your customers. We are running our drying plant at Chatham 24 hours per day as we will not send out Seed Corn in a wet condition. Assure your customers that by waiting an extra ten days they will receive their seed in perfect condition and that the superior quality will more than repay them for the delay.
N I. HARRISON.
F l ine!pal. Ottawa. Ont
Sunday
annual
Brown Optical
All arc wel
preach on both occasions come to attend these services.
H. S. Cooke, Supt
8
r< ices
OF
The man who was persuaded to invest in a new car before the 1st
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
St. Paul’s Church, Shawville
The Bank of Ottawa branch in The rector has left the parish <m town opened for business this his vacation, which he is spending week, in W. J. Dagg's building, at Lennox ville, Quebec. During Mr. Mulhern, the manager, will his holiday Rev. Joseph Burton occupy the apartments overhead, will take pastoral oversight and
the Church will be supplied by Mr. Ralph Samson, of Ottawa.
About 25 of our young girls have organized a Junior Homemakers’
Club under the management of Miss Amy Hodgins for the purix of doing Red Cross work. Meet
ings to b<* held in their Red Cross i	things can be anybody s gift—
have any other girls of 12 years	n*
and over join them. Membership fee 5 cents per month. Any contributions of money, material, or work, thankfully received.
we
552 St. Catherine West
UPTOWN 4982
MONTREAL, QUE.
Near Stanley St.
Births
At Campbells Bay, on April 22nd, to Mr. and Mrs. Eric K. Smith, a daughter.
WM. BENNIE CO. LTD.
Artist in Portraiture.
You might get even with the Government, by cutting out that cup of tea you have been accus-For some cause or other, inter-1 tomed to drink at the noon meal, est seems to be declining in the]Try it. annual Spring Stallion Show, which this year, both in attendance of horsemen and horses,
was much smaller than usual. Peo-| “The New Crusade ' —a comic pie may have come to regard it as, play —presented by the ladies of an unnecessary adjunct to the re- the Methodist Church on Thurs-gnlar Fall Fair, and at this busy day evening last in the lecture season, when the cry is for pro- hall of the church, was well reduction, and more production, de- reived by a large and appreciative cide they are serving the country’s I audience. The cast of characters best interests by remaining at I was exceptionally well taken, the their work. Mr. Bell, of Kempt» chief roles being filled with mark-ville, who is connected with the ed ability, and displaying the Live Stock Branch, gave the usual ploy men t of much attention and address on horse-breeding.	| painstaking effort. The several
acta were interluded with vocal solos contributed by the Misses Brow'ii, Waiuroan and Caldwell.
We acknowledge with thanks the Key. Mr. Brown also contributed following donation to the Soldiers’ | violin selections and Miss McBride,
Tobacco Fund
Mrs. A. Dover, Shawville,
FOR SALE—1 wltker baby carriage, and 1 baby push cart, for sale. Apply to Mrs. R. C. Woodley, Shawville.
Lost—Sunday evening between St Paul’s church and J. H Shaw's residence a gold cuff link inscribed with I potatoes. Peter
letter “ E.” Finder will oblige by leav-1-------------
idg at this office
Quantity of Good Seed 10c. lb.
Flax Seed
quantity of good seed Browni.kk, Shawville.
FOR SALE-A
A Success
\
FOR SALE—Several purebied young Berkshire Pigs. Apply to E. J. Barber, R R No. 3, Shawville.
Marriages
Hill—Anderson.
A very quiet but pretty w edding was solemnized by the Rev. G. F.
Brown at Campbells Bay, on April 17th, when Lola Martha, only
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alfred I STRAY COLLIE—Strayed on to Lot Anderson, became the bride of'15. Con. 4. Clarendon, on April	a
Ch*r"s8H?Jk£S
FOR SALE—Mv property in the village of Bristol Corner-*. For particulars apply to Mrs. M. H. Mvrray. Shawville.
Seed Potatoes
em
$1.25 per Bag.
Mrs.
Bay) iH—	.	I
and looked charming in a dress of white silk crepe de chene and bridal veil trimmed with white
- iSBS HUS
Little Flora and Arnott Smiley, the chair, children of Mr. sud Mis. P. ft. The entertainment opened with
Smiley, have handed in their cent- * *pewh from Mr W. J. ( onnelly,
•aVa°contrUmtlon* to*the^riall'fax Connelly* and responsible for the Blind Fund. These youngsters preeence of two auto-load* of the At Fort Conlonge, Sunday. Mishear» «re in the right place, and	"«°* L<>Men.	5th. 1018. Walteretta youngest
their self-sacrifice is a worthy ex- On the invitation of the Rev. H. daughter of the late ( apt. Findlay, ample to others. Just think of C. Brown, the ladies wilt iepent and wife of William Wallace, the many poor children in Hali- the play in the Town Hall, Port Govt. Printing Bureau. Ottawa, fax who will not see the smiling Age du F'ort, on Friday, May 17th, Mrs. Wallace leave* besides her face of Mother Earth this glorious in aid of the Methodist Parsonage husband three small children, the Spring-time.	1 Fund.	youngest being but six weeks old.
4M
Donation to Tobacco Fund
Soldiers’ Comfort Mail ing Boxes, 2 for 25c
NOTICE
ALL REPAIRS
In Watches, Clocgs and Jewellery MUST HE CALLED FOR by May 15th, as after that date I intend leaving town and shop will be closed.
Youthful Contributors
parents.—Com
Deaths
A. I). McCRKDIE
W. A. HODGINS

MkmobialCards.— Anew stock of very neat ones at this office-several designs.
###PAGE###2###
^ tree tanglefoot, ae H will stay *kkf longer than the other au betance#.
sticky mixtures may be applied to the bark of the tree, but they may disfigure the *trees for several years. , It may be necessary to renew the Barley wHl supply grain for hogs baiyl# from time to time with the ¦than any other crop. A large fltleky material, especially if the tan-number of farmers have been asking ^ foot becomes hard or stiff or cov-about thk crop because of the scarcity erfKj over with the Mies of dead of mature corn for feeding hogs this m<ytbg The nee of bands is eapecial-spring and summer, and because com- ]y recommended on very large rough-mercial Hog feeds are so costly.	barked elm or hackberry treee that it
Barley is about equal to corn, pound would be difficult and expensive to for pound for feeding hogs
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
QTfo&éQ
ind
SP"
Th
By Andrew F. Currier, M.Dl
Barley As Hog Feed.
Bt. West, Toroate.
By Agronomist.
This Department le fer the use of eur farm readers whe	^«ueetlea
an expert on any question regarding soit seed, crepe, ete. If ]f* j _ if '• ef sufficient general Interest It will be answered through this •*l“"JJrlitg •tamped and addreeeed envelope le eneleeed with your l*J**r> sp Jhing •newer will be mailed te you. Addreee Agronomist ears of Wilson Ruai
Co , Ltd., 73 Adelaide St W., Toronto.
the
Hypnotics.	every drunkard knows, until
A hypnotic I, • drug wWkh U glrm crgtm *----------------------“¦
_______ i hnre become ee saturated with
do ether frt that sleep may be replaced by dellr-
IBP lg||119Es£ g##
sat six. “*“Jrr c: i 2	fs* st tïrîsas 3s?nsj: ,t ;¦	*&» «j-aJ-j zLzr- '™ • “• *“*
"in	^er^:htobr.»k fthï°.mlotbh	%%: very'effwUvirijr.tht	^n^TÏ'.Sp"' tiJS
of a heavy day nature. Plough deep- face The chief use of the roller _-	-------------------—------ - ----- - -'=	(%_ ph^ifri -h, not exist, for Uaet, are of German origin and are
hss ; seeai. funt cm for grain scz: z %zz :rrr
low *n spring, turning a lu,w-lying ; especially vley; let the surfaca dry	- ...	„>u	can live without food a long time,	abte, for we were being awampad with
or f at furrow. Plough well, turn flrst then use the roller to break the	Flint corn, as a grain crop In east-	fellow and Seller's	North Dakota wiMf	iL	v	dav. bu* n<>t without sleep.	them, they ware producing very bad
all the land and finish with straight vrU8t.	1 ern Canada, has not received the at- give an equally large yield of grain, * discovery of hypnotics was a habits, and I earnestly hope that for
even furrows and lands. Let the, where implements are to In? pur- tention that it mérita. At the pre- with a larger tonnage of stalks. "Ih*"v Wp. *.) #,in* for those who suffer, and all future time the Germane will be ploughing be a credit to the farmer, chased it should be borne in mind that	t,ent cr|,,jg 0f food supply it is the crop	varieties should be	grown principally	onefl uve jn many respect*, at	compelled to be the exclusive users of
a reflection of his character, a stan- iarger implements requir.ng from	tbat can be increased without disturb-	in southern Ontario	although they ma-	».	better then the old ones.	their own medicines,
dard for other operations and an in-;thiee to six horses handled by one jng tbe system of rotation or cutting ture perfectly in certain portions of ’ MW <meg j mean fboae centive to less thorough, though teamster provide a means of solving down the acreage of any other cereal. Eastern Ontario and Quebec. Earlier |	>	. chemistry by analysis
willing workers to do better.	to some extent the present manual We jo not increase production if we varieties than Quebec Yellow No. 28,	>t, _ w,_ b.^ yen'US in great
Harrowing.—Of the several impie- labor problem. Besides, the work cu| down the acreage of one kind of j do not return a commensurate yield numbmif sometime# embarrass in gl y ments on the market for performing done in this way is accomplished grajn to grow another. By growing : for labor expended.	so, and which al#o are greatly abueed.
this work the disc harrow is the most economically and thus tends to keep fjjnt corn we can increase the total	Labor	Among the old hypnotic# are al-
suitable for preparing soil for seed down the cost of production of crops, output of cereals without alteration or The work involved in growing corn wboj opium, Indian hemp, hyos-after it	has	been ploughed.	Thorough	Ploughing may be speeded up by	detriment to our system of farming.	fvr grain is but little greater than	evamus. lettuce and hops,
cultivation	at	this	time	is	indispens-	using two-furrow ploughs. Double ^	Utilisation	that of growing for silage, husking is	The soothing effect of a hop pillow
able and the disc harrow should be disc harrows make a thorough seed-,	^	^ ^ itj$ feeding adnpt- the additional item but this task can or a hop poultice, ueed to be known (in
used until the surface of the ~eed- bed m the least time. Ine norse ability.	he done at the most convenient time in tfte country, at any rate), aa a first
bed is smooth and friable and the soil seed drill is efficient More sec ions,	fattening ration it is the autumn and made an evening of clams remedy, but we seldom hear of
immediately below is firm and solid, added to the drag harrow reduce the	^ equal, for cattle, hogs or neighborhood festivity.
The drag or spike-tooth harrow, time required for this work.	1 poultry.	•	Who Should Grow It
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦B In the unground or crack id state it	dairyman who disposes of his| tuce is familiar, and the quieting ef-
limited areas of several canning crops	is valuable in a ration for laying hens.	mjjk to thc jocai creamery is the man	feet of hyoscyamus, or henbane, was
in a more intensive way, and have i	On the cob if used judiciously it can	wbo can most profitably grow and use	once highly esteemed.	^
averaged a nice addition to the income	be profitably given to working horses.	grain corn If he is using silage, at	After the exciting effect of alcohol
the staple farm crops which 1	The immature and small	ears can	he (he prcscnt prive Gf shelled corn he	passes	off, it causes deep sleep, as
A hoary-headed poultry theory is	still produce.	fed without waste in the	autumn	to ( can afford to decrease his acreage of
that thunder spoils the hatchability of	“The plan followed in growing the	fattening hogs.	1 silo corn in order that he may grow	s®t^»s*s***s*S***S*S*sSse	dusting
got this idea from old- canning crops is to contract with the It can be ‘ hogged down in the fic i fjjnt for grinding.	I#	9
timers as soon as we commenced keep- manager ot the canning factory to	( with profit. An acre or two o corn j	The farmer who wishes to increase	E Ay*tlf|pio| Fpftlll7Pr 1
ing chickens, but our own experience grow a definite acreage of some of the	will fatten the hogs on an average	^ output 0f grajn yet does not wish	1 ill lllltlal 1 Cl 1I11Z.CI |
proves that it is largely a superstitl- staple canning crops, such as peas, farm. This met u< can e a op e ^ break him system of rotation. By sBS*S«SKS«S*SBSSES»e3^4XS»se kalnit
z¦a’ïfrrjrüït ssr TSsvsrtfJS açj?a i %%=r¦	— — — zsrjzzx a
Ale:—	% jSAa.-îÆ!	—0 - - - :¦-as rærA'sru
mmm	SHS aa #•==-:::
the eggs were due tv start pipping -- and corn grown for the c.nnery may wheat could be release! for shipment	,	ffed you'	other root crop. .n<i fruit
yet the number of chicks that came best combine with my regular farm	,f we would use the various appet z-	Owing to the disastrous failur, of ( Artifldsl fertilizer, do not supply	the percentage of potash varie,	greet-
out of the shells appeared quite nor- crops; and asparagus, cane fruits, and	ing	foods into which corn men can >e	the seed corn crop in the mad	tbe 6<^j wjtb humus, which can be add-	w, but mix ounces to the square yard
mal, and the chicks were strong and	tomatoes may break better in regard	converted.	States and Canada, seed is extremely	cd by	turning under vegetable and	wi]l make a	fair	application.	Sulphate
healthy.	to cultural and harvesting require-	Range of Profitable Production	Kirce. Each farmer should consult	anim;,	matter. Artificial, or commer-	^ potash,	when	it can	be	had,	is	ap
We have also had good hatches in ments for my neighbor. But many	The crop should only be grown	w,lh h.ia county representative as to	ciaj fertilizers, as they are usually	piled at the rate of one ounce a square
spite of blasting or other such shocks, ' of us are finding that we did not make	where jt *111 mature in an average	a Possible source of supply.	called, owing to their soluble char-	yaX(i
except when the vibrations were so the fullest and best use of a	consid-	8eagon Using the proper variety,	Wherever flint corn has been grown	avter have a very much quicker effect
near or severe that they leveled build- erable part of our time until	we be-	corn can ^ gr0wn in practically all j	there can generally be found a few	than animal matter and can be applied	a Money-Making Aid.
ings or broke window lights. Even gan to plan and systematize our work	the	older part8 0f Ontario, the East-,	™en who have developed early produc-	ju-t at tbe time and in about the	M bueineiB ieaae me to visit	farms
then we have found that the embryo as was necessary to do when we took	ern	Townships and many counties	[lvc. strains out of old varieties. Not	quantJtiM needed, reducing waste to a	f c*ver klnj and character,	and 1
chicks are not always killed, or even | on the growing of several cunning north of the St Lawrence in Quebec, having made a practice of disposingL^mum. Commercial fertilizers f wonder why so many farms lack harmed.	, crop, under contract	lUo many dl.tricta in the Maritime of It for aeed. these men are occa- now	under a guaranteed .Le,| appointed work.hip
While we take no stock in the than- "I feel sure that there are many	provinces. The District Represents-	eionally a valuable source of local	ane!yeie go tiie gardener may know	, ,n deHCpibe one wbere I recently
der theory any more, yet we try to general farmers who will read this	tivea 0f Ontario, with the exception	tuppiy too often overlooked.	exactly what amounts to apply.	found a market gardener and his son
avoid all sudden jars or shocks direct who might with advantage contract to q{ y,,,,, jn the northerly counties,	Conclusion	The principal elements are nitrogen. (by way- father and son are part-
ie the egg, as well as rough handling grow a few acres of some ox tne can- atate that maturity is not the factor Any person who is desirous of phosphates and potash. Nitrogen pro- ner, an(t a]| their stationery shows in shipment. The success of hatches mng crops 1 have mennoneu oy join-	that prohibits the growing of corn,	grbwing this crop and failing to ob	duces luxuriant foliage and is par-	that they are doing a partnership bus-
is almost always in direct proportion mg with several neighbors to deliver	the SecreUry 0f Agriculture for Que-	tain seed this season should plan to	ticularly valuable for lettuce, cabbage	lnesl although the son is only seven-
to the care given the eggs when the co-operatively their produce to the	bec making a similar report for that	secure it early in the autumn for an-1	and other leaf crops. Phosphate» cause	teen)’ busily making every rainy day
fertility is strong.	factory, even if some distance away provlnce.	other year. As long as the price of earlier production of flower, and fruit fount .very whit as much as the fair
with a motor truck. Such a plan of	Varieties	corn, mills feeds and live stock re-1 and ar, of ap,cUl value for peee, I
delivery our neighborhood has found	Quebec Yellow No. 28 is the variety	main a. they now are, corn for grain	Wne, com, etc. Potash increases the	this	workshop in question it divid-
“Farming in rut,” says my neigh- to be a great economiz r of t	e, and	tbat wjn succeed best over the greater	will be one of the most profitable	Bubetance and improves the quality of	,.d into	two room* -one for carpentry,
bor, who was in a rut and now re- enables the growers of the canning	p#rt o( th, ,rea indicated. It is a	crops that can be grown on a farm.	^ fruits, tubers and roots and is	iron work, and general repairing; the
joices in being out of it, “is getting crop to realize several Ihund ed, or	|hort stsslked variety giving a high	Any farmer so situated that he can	especially valuable in the production	otbar for painting
so firmly settled in a treadmill rou- even a thousand, dollars more	from a	jel(j Qf _raln, and maturing in the	mature flint corn will find it profitable	of potatoes
tine of growing certain crops as to smali area of land that will	nut be	&verage Befteon on well drained soils	to plant a few acres even though he
make it seem well-nigh impossible to missed for the regular farming opera-	^ a burKjrad and fifteen days. Where	has to cut down correspondingly his
attempt growing other crops known tiens. Moreover, the building up of	b reason is sufficiently long, Long-	acreage of silo corn.   _
to give better profits.”	« grtmt canning industry in this coun-
A leaf from his personal experience try is one of the important ways of in breaking away from the old-time bringing the Kaiser to his knees—by grain-hay farming system I believe making sure of a great reserve food will inspire some others to do likewise supply in addition to the regular har-to their profit and satisfaction. Here vested products. —W.G.
is his story:
“The establishing of several vege-
But
«'ultural Methods for Eastern Canada, j too, may be employed advantageous
Soil management or cultivation In | foiiowhi^tiw abcZ** rolled to wstore Ha several phases Is a very Import-1 R mulch or blenket „f soil to check ant factor in crop production. On the e rRtlon of moisture. It Is also Ventral Experimental Farm, Ottawa, e u(wfu, implement in the com field a and several of the branch Experimental
f,
end after
„	„	... few day» after mowing com
Stations in eastern Canada, methods fche corn lg up to simulate a rime in
have been investigated for several temperature in the soil, to destroy
years. The résulta obtained have war-	weedg and encourage germina-
ranted the following recommendations tJon of weed pei,dg amj to restore the
being made as applicable to average
conditions on eastern Canada farms.
essential mulch.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
M. E.—1. Is whooping-cough con-tag tous Î 2. Can it occur more than once In the same person? 8. Can it be caught by simply going where there is a person who has it ? 4. Is then a cure for it, or must it run its coures ?
Answer—1. Yes contagious
not a common occurrence There are sedative drugs which may be taken to alleviate the cough. 1 know of nothing which will stop the disease after it has once started. The best plan le careful attention te hygiene and diet
•It is extremely
2. It is possible, through
8 Yes. 4
it, or use it, now.
Drowsiness from the free use of let-

the surface and raking
on
over tightly.
Superphosphate m good a# an alternative fertilizer with basic elag 01
It is valuable, on potatoes or
In ashes
A
Tin Can Swells Income
In addition to I saving from $100 to $800 in repairing Nitrate of soda, sulphate of am-• and painting each year, they make kainit, superphosphate and various crates, hampers, and boxes in
a—p
basic elag are the fertilizers in com- which to market fruit and truck, also
egg crates, bee-hives, brooder coops,
Nitrate of soda ie used to promote various other farm supplies. These growth and its action is almost im- supplies are tastefully painted, and I mediate and it should be applied while . can easily believe, as they contend, the plants are in growth. The beat that their attractive marketing centime to apply it is during rainy taInert have added many times the weather and it may be used at the cost of the shop and equipment In rate of a pound a square rod when the . the better prices received for produce planta are growing well, and a second shipped to Toronto and other markets, application may be given a month The shop was purposely made large later. Applied in liquid form, use half and h gh enough so that wagons, moan ounce to a gallon of water.	tor truck, and farm machinery can be
a##
Sulphate of ammonia, like nitrate of soda, is a nitrogenous manure Both are of a caustic nature and will bum He is so small he does not know if they corns in contact with the The summer sun, the winter's snow; planta Sulphate of ammonia is lees The spring that ebbs and come# again: soluble than nitrate of soda, and them- All this is far beyond his ken. fore slower in its action, but prodo the earns results and retains its action Hie mother’s longer. H may be applied early in	knees;
the spring and during the early stages He hides his face against her breast, of growth. Three-quarters of a pound And does not care to learn the rest, per square rod is a liberal dressing De not urn on each crop#
pese pud corn. Sulphate of ammonia | blankets, when spraying _ __
should not be mixed w&th basic elag, | tine or lard on fees, neck and hands/
Sen&MNtL *** CSUSW ** ! or wear gloves.
Ba#(; el*g fa good
*na fee* crops. It works slower than
wither ai trais o
mon use
rUNNV
CUT OUT AND FOLD ON DOT TLD .LINES
StiUrf
Message to Farmers
I
E 5 HrErl
produced only a meager living. 1 grow	of the farmeri of Canada to
the great need there Is of planting every acre of land in wheat that seems favorable to growing it that comes daily of that awful, grim struggle now being fought in France and Flanders brings home to us clearly and unmistakably this fact—that, after almost four years' war, human liberty is still In the balance. The call for men is urgent, and they must, to the full limit of our power, be sent. Their places at home must be taken by those who remain. Despite the difficulties, we muet produce more food than we have ever done before. Set apart all your land fit for growing crops and plant •• much wheat ae you can. Plan to bring as much new on pour farm under cultivation
i

i

0
I
I
l
1
I
»
I
I
o
POULTRY, EGG8 end FEATHERS
WANTED
The news
Indifference
i
Highest Prices Paid

i
* # *
«
Prompt Rsturne—No Commission
I
P. POULIN & CO.
I
A little world he feels and sees:
arms, hie mother's

. •.
<*
¦

HeavescUREC
- A

e e



beans,
Cover the horses with cloths or old
ggrsfsssrs
CÀPtTAUiEAVE REMEDY
Absolutely
Put vase
land
or ) our nivusy lejefuD^'d
A FULL WEBB'S TRIAL
•artSruiaie and mamatee E ha l
TT
M
for peae, beans
s(Mê, and thus Increase rout acre • for usai year, ft wftl be needed then Just ## muet a# now/'
pos
UK Kl I TS |
SMOMI

te of
able in Wind well supplied with humus pad moisture Use five to eight pound# PIT square rod before planting, by
T&B PLUG
wlrt,"
E

fjoudi move at the rate of 8#
r
Store
mUte »»


###PAGE###3###


Lord Rhondda'# Sugar Ration.
Not many people know that moat of Ix>rd Rhondda's sugar ration goes to the children in Lady Cynthia Colville's creche at Hoi ton, says a Ixm-don weekly.
On one of his excursions to the East
SMOKE TUCKETTS
ROYAL
YEAST CAKES
purged themselves often and lived long. They used mild but efficient purgative# like
OUR FOREFATHERS
Spring
Models



f
The best yeast in the world.
V Makes •kX perfect
bread

G*
End to see how the rationing scheme was working, Lord Rhondda was particularly struck with the attitude of the poor mothers whom he encountered there, and he decided to make some Hurry is not characteristic of the practical recognition of his apprécia present century alone; our ancestors tion. ft took the form of yielding up were not always immune from the most of his sugar allowance on behalf The Dutch artist Vander- of their children.
*164
ART BY THE FOOT.
% '
When Landscapes Could Be Purchased
#	By the Piece.
Il

PURGATIVE WATER
whloh flushes out ths Intestin ee and ensures normal bowel action without causing colic, cramps or discomfort
On Sale everywhere
RIGA PURGATIVE WATER CO.

25 cents the bottle
MONTREAL.
MADE
COMPANY#
P*onto.
habit
IN
His sugar Is made into jam for the
straaten, according to a story from
Das Echo, was a master in scheming little ones who spend their days in the out short cuts and saving time
Vanderstraaten had little difficulty, work In	in a day thirty
There are many possibilities in this landscapes the size of an ordinary See to it that every child has a little design for the summer dress, sheet of drawing paper. He would garden, if it is at all possible. A
tract the other fellow while Thaw	)	îoThé T™	clouds .ry tea and Salada
Kutwlhe ‘machincTtThc	atrokes he called, "There are thej to make a satisfying infusion
ggS33K5 ÆT
Telling of Thaw’s wound reminded Hall that he had also been shot in the arm, which badly injured his right elbow, but an excellent piece of surgery resulted in a silver plate being placed there for a part of the bone, while a patch on his back shows where skin was grafted to cover the shattered place.
“I suppose I had a narrow squeak the day they got me in jthe arm,” said Hall. “It was on the Verdun front, and we were flying over the awful desert-like place that the greatest of all battles was creating.
“I met a Boche machine about 10,000 feet up. It was hazy and we almost crashed head on. We swung out and after manoeuvring I let him have it, but my bullets only rattled on his engine. He climbed up and I felt the weight of his lead. My right arm went numb and I knew I was through so far as shooting was concerned. It was
sort of	painful,	then,	and I	was	sore An extremely good model for	HH JHH WÊÊ
clear through	because	I couldn’t get	house dress. McCall Pattern	No.	three ounces of orchard white for a
back at the Boche.	I 8069, Ladies’ House Dress. In 7 sizes, few cents. Massage this sweetly
34 to 46 bust Price, 20 cents.	fragrant lotion into the face, neck,
These patterns may be obtained	arms and hands each day and see how
“But I hadn’t figured on the ob- from your local McCall dealer, or from freckles and blemishes disappear and server I was carrying with me, a the McCall Co., 70 Bond St., Toronto, how clear, soft and white the skin becomes. Yes! It Is harmless.
CANADA
glad when his artillery opened took » great load off my mind, and one of the Boyhes immediately turned turtle and soon was disappearing on his last dive.
It
!
HUNTING THE HUN
IN THE CLOUDS

[eWGIUETE COMRANY LIMITED
IwiNNiPeo
nurseries while their mothers are at
;
:

TORONTO.ONT
MONTREAL
One Boche Escaped
•THE GREATEST GAME THERE IS," SAYS AVIATOR.
Waste is now Illegal.
Anybody who discovers cases of waste of food may notify the legal authorities, who have power, under the new Order, to take action careless waste has become illegal, and municipalities who secure the conviction receive half the fine, while provincial officers securing the conviction receive half the fine, for the province.
An "Ace" of the French Flying Corps Tells of Thrilling Experiences On Western Front.
"Flying is the greatest game there is. I think the ‘thrillingesV afternoon I ever had was on the western front one time when Major William Thaw and I were having a little Boche hunt. It was the trip when Thaw was wounded and with a smashed arm managed to fcuide his machine to safety," says Bert Hall, a Kentucky boy in the French Flying Corps.
"We had quite a scrimmage with the Boche airmen that day, and I have always thought it was my fault that Thaw was hit; also, that Thaw saved my life. They certainly were after my life, three of them, away up there, above a nice, soft cloud, which looked nice to fall on, but had no bottom to
Wilful of
There are two kinds of tea: ordin-
Salada is more With the finishing economical since it takes so much 1 cys
Radish and carrot seed may be
The radishes will be
MONEY ORDERS.
It is always safe to send a Dominion Express Money Order. Five Dollars costs three cents.
sown together ready for pulling long before they become troublesome to the carrots, and the radishes break through the crust, being robust plants, breaking the way for the more delicate plants of the carrots.
;
On occasions Vanderstraaten would paint in the manner described a landscape upon a long piece of canvas. In filling the orders of customers he would cut the strip into pieces of various lengths. A purchaser could buy two, three or four feet of landscape, according to his fancy or according to the size of the space he wished to decorate.
1
y
Cleaning Paint.
Paint may be removed from windows with hot vinegar. This latter will in the same way soften paint brushes which have become hardened.
1
I
r
i

Minard i Liniment used by Physicians
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
I was very sick with Quinsy and thought I would strangle. I used FRECKLE REMOVER. MINARD’S LINIMENT and it cured
----	me at once. I am never without it
Girls! Make this cheap beauty lotion now. to clear and whiten your skin.
k

As soon as the frost leaves the ground is a good time to dig fence-post holes, if your land is not too wet. When the soil gets dry and hard the labor of digging is increased.
i
LEMON JUICE IS
it
"Thaw and I started but together, but had become separated in the drifting vapors. I was cruising along about 10,000 feet up, with nothing on my mind but my helmet, when who should drop out of a cloud above me but three of the friskiest little German fliers you ever saw. They didn’t look little to me, though. They were the biggest Fritz birds I ever saw, and I said to myself: ’Bert, you will never see Kentucky again—your number is up/
Yours gratefully,
MRS. C. D. PRINCE Nauwigewauk, Oct. 21it.
I
I
______FOI BALB_______________
1ETBEKLY NEWSPAPER IN YVEST-v f ern Ontario. Doing a good 1*umine*#. Death of owner places It on thé market. A great chance for a man with calk Apply Box 62. Wilson Publishing Co Limited. Toronto.
Mg»t
Squeeze the juice of two lemons into a bottle containing three ounces of orchard white, shake well, and you have a quarter pint of the best freckle and tan lotion, and complexion beautl-fier, at very, very small cost.
I
Give the winter-blooming house YVInd )obQprIn^\,,. nt ]£*¦££* * Your grocer has the lemons and any plants a rest by withholding sunshine Ontario, insurance carried 11.600
tfhe j drug store or toilet counter will supply and water. Cut to a good shape and $,,*£ Fubiiîhfne EJ’.'1Ltd?'Tor™to. "
keep the buds picked
5
W!
V
________M1SCELLAVKOUI _____________
1 à * ANGER. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC, , X/ Internal »nd external, cured without pain by our home treatment Write _	....	.	,oe before too late Dr Bellman Medical
The boy or girl with a garden patch Co. Limited. Coiilngwood. (rot
is happy and healthy.
thing in school gardens
Defensive Warfare
Cool French Observer
Keep Mlnard’s Liniment In the ho use
"But I took a chance and started to climb, which you can do pretty well in a' N leu port biplane. Somehow, they missed me on the way up, although their machine guns sounded like thunder to me and my wings were punctured a few times. Things didn’t look any too good for me, even though I had temporary advantage. I showered a lot of bullets on the nearest Boche without making much impression, and then my gun jammed, and it was a case of defensive warfare.
Start some
French officer. He was a quiet chap, Dept. W didn’t say much until they winged me, and then he seemed to get interested. First, he was out of the seat
and fiddling with the trigger of the British Food Ministry Opens Plant for The wild flowers bloomed in beauty
si	*"«-one.,
range of the Boche, who was climbing The Ministry of Food is going into	strayed;
again to finish me.	the sausage business, says a London None since have blossomed quite so
"I never saw a cooler chap than correspondent. An official sausage	fair
, ,.	,	, . ,	that French lieutenant. Believe me,	factory will shortly	be	opened under:	\s	when a boy I bare-foot played
I doubled	and dived	and zigzagged	he gtood there looking the gu„	over	the control of the department for the
all over that cloud but the Kaiser a ju,t ag „ he were out for a clay Manufacture of various kinds of meat
bo> s always	seemed to	be waiting for	bird gboot He iooke(j at me	amj	products which do	not	come within
me. They had spread	out, making a	gmiled and then he ^med loose	and	the rations.
T* were up about ^;acd the Boche. I never saw a The intention is to put on the mar-16,000 feet by that time and the air Fokker whiri and f„n and break up ket attractive foods made from by-
s?	' *» «— «"* ..........- °»—
the blighters were coming nearer. One my arm huft ]ike fury Wg ,ftnded the gouth of Engiand_.but which
lîd hm,aî7henping° o/the’buTets’elen '1,1 rl*ht “nd the observer lnd 1 8hook are et»Ple ,ooda °" ** C",ti“* sbove the noise of the propeller.
"Suddenly I saw another machine elimbXip through the clouds to the eastward: 'Another message from the Kaiser/ I thought. 'No use, I’ll never get back to old Kentucky/ But then I saw it was a French machine. It was Thaw coming back from Berlin or lomewhere. And the Boches were buzzing around me like a lot of hornets. They were so busy trying to get me they didn’t notice Thaw.
Thaw climbed like a rocket after those Fritzie#, and I certainly was
i R sr
»
WILL MAKE SAUSAGE.
In Boyhood
PAIN
Exterminator
WITH THE FINGERS!
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
! »
Lhe Good Old Family Friend mj
WITHOUT ANY PAIN
For ot«r 40 year» Hiru'i Psin Eiteimmetof hat been taking th* pain out ol ihevmstlsm. lumbago, Je me ba< k. ««uiâlf.a. iprama. toothache end similar lompliinta boule, read the tfirrtnoni on lhe circular In the patkage. At dealers, or write us.
MUST REMEDY COMPANY Hamilton. Canada
The robin built and reared his young;
The bluebird and the swallow came;
The oriole’s swinging nest was hung, any kind of a corn can shortly be lift-And none, since then, seems quite e<i ri8fht out with the fingers it you the same.	will apply on the corn a few drops of
freezone, says a Cincinnati authority.
At little cost one can get a small bottle of free zone at any drug store,
The lark sang yet a sweeter strain; ! which will positively rid one’s feet of
. -	. . .	... . The sailing hawk did soar more every corn or callus without pain or, ftON’T CUT OUT I
Various kind, of «usages will be	hlgh.	serene» or the danger of infection.	\
manufactured, In which kinds of offa	This new drug is an ether com- AShOt Edi,Capped
that are not in the meat schedule will The berries tasted sweeter then, pound, and dries the moment it I. ap- n.-L ,r Rn-elfi. be used, as well as black puddings. That grew in clusters ripe and wild; p]ied ar)d doe3 not inflame or even ir. DOC* OF DUTSlUS
The factory is situated In Liverpool And all the world seemed glorious ritate the grounding tissue Road, Islington. It formerly was the	when
Industries of France Suffer From the property 0f Appenrodts, who ran a	I was a bare-foot, sun-browned
Lack of Labor.	string of delicatessen stores in the	child.
News comes from France that the West End.
EH™ Sfs
oil In 1618 than ever before. The the company will be nominated by .C'bec.t/L'idstrîLSL Ï b^re^reS with a capit,. of $26
turn it into oil.	I *n shares of twenty-five _ cents The thumb gets pretty hard usage
The price at the present time of a each and. a called UP caPital of ™ty when cutting potatoes by hand—all litre of oil is about five francs, that cent8' ]>easu ryg rant ha ' been iIit up wkh the edge of the knife! is, In Canadian values $1 a quart. *lv®n- but ,H t? be	°?t f Take the thumb of an old leather glove
Th, win »» w™,d"	sns
rectors Include the meat experts of the Ministry.
I Every slaughter house in the coun-1 try Is now under the control of the I Ministry of Food, so there will be lit-, tie difficulty in supplying all the wants j of the factory.
I In some parts of the north of England there are already factories of the . kind. There is a model one at Bir-j mingham, but in the south of the try such foods have been despised the coming into force of the
Bey •
Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or
35*
IHISrS Family Salve. (50c).
HIST'S PccteraiSrrap of Mora- _ hound and Elecampane. (3>c) BOTTLE
»
The sun shone from a bluer sky;

hands. I never saw him again and never learned his name."
*
OLIVE OIL SCARCER.
FOR
Just
think! You can lift off your corns and calluses now without a bit of pain or soreness. If your druggist hasn’t freezone ho can easily get a small bot A well-sodded yard with good walks tie for you from his wholesale drug where needed, keeps a lot of dirt out house.
of the house.	—	--------------------

ABSOPbine
• TPApf MAR* M6.lt S PAT Off
will reduce them and leave no blemishes Stops lameness promptly. Does not blfs* 1er or remove the hair, and horse can be forked. J2.50 a bottle delivered, look 6 II hie,
ABSORBINE. JR., for mankind, the aatlaewM
liniment tor Bolle. Brulaea, Sorts. Swelling. Varicose Vefasl Allays Palm and Inâammation. Price Si.2$ a bottle at Ang4 gbis or delivered. Will tell you more If yoe write.
W.r.YOUhO.FO.F^lie lya,*, IHg, Montreal. Cafe
ibsorbiue sad Absorbiee. Jr,, ire aide In
The company has
?ak for Minord'e and take no other,

Cuticura Heals Pimples On Face
That Itched and Burned. Scratched Constantly,
#

i
and, what is worse, the French will have to depend on imported oil, Italian or Spanish, which they abominate. The lack of labor has become more





acute in almost all the vital industries of France. The olive oil situation is typical and adds force to a Movement that is becoming more and more popular. There are many soldiers of the old classes in the French army, men 40 years of age or more, whose usefulness at the front is a i question open to debate. Agitation has been going on since the time when United States’ participation in the War made the demand for men less acute at the battle front to relieve the Only One-TIdrd of the Italian Army old poilus. Barly in 1917 the doubtful privilege of an honorable discharge In Italy only one-third of the army was granted to carefree fathers of six i# being maintained on the battle lines, or more children. The real problem the official explanation being before the Chamber of Deputies is there Is not sufficient food, whether to take up the question of starving Austrian army facing the the old classes in a large spirit or Italians is said to have received large whether to continue to make slight; supplies from Russia, concessions to the demands of their	m-Æ
constituents.
DELIGHTFUL
IK
X
kJCAKE
I


*T had pimples and blackheads on toy lace which were caused by bad
blood. They came to a head and were hard and red causing disfigurement for the time be and bur
111
i :

i
At the Factories . Where Postum is Made
great numbers of the high-waged, skilled employes buy and drink

3


conn until tioning scheme
How to Puri
the Blood
They itched so much that

!
Driving with
STOPGLARE LLNS
Fed.
“I sent for a free sample of Cuticura
"Flflces to thirty drops of Extract of Rods,	’ I
sailed Meitfr ScIffPi Carathr
with meals and at bedtime, for the cure of Indigestion, const) potion and bad blood. Persist ce In this treatment will effect a cure hi
Get the genuine at druggists.
Soap and Ointment, and afterwards
on!,
$3
bought i healed.”
ore. Now I am completely (Signed) Mice Josephine A. . 35 Sheriff St , St. John.
Sr ND FOR CIRCULAR
PI M I AW All. '/IS
.00
that
Wetmore
N. B., Aug. 10, 1917.
Keep your skin clear by using Cuticura for every-day toilet purposes.
For Free Sample Each by Mail ad-
The
at your dealers or du <•< t
POSTUM
STOPGLARE LTD.
HAMILI ON. ONT
n
dress post-card: “Cuticura, Dept A, Boston, U. 8. A." Sold everywhere.
A tribute, if you please, to boned materials and sanitary surrounding» in manufacture; but beat of all a preference based true knowledge of healthfulness and attractive flavor.
“There's s Reason ' ’
No Cause for Pride.
Kiltie—Are you the fellow that dragged me oot of a shell hole under fire?
Member of the Ambulance Corps (modestly)—Oh, that’s all right.
Kiltie—Oh, it Is, Is it? Weel then, what did ye do with ma pipe ?
Why He Failed
"Were you able to sell old Skinflint a grave?” asked the superman*I ent ofJ.be Kew Mausoleum.
The agent shook his bead;
"He was afraid he might not get the full value of It,” he explained.
"But, hang it all, a man has got to die some time!" exclaimed the super-
“That’s what I told him, but he only indication of the looks of the back lot answered. * ‘Suppose I should be lost
O'?/*
on

Its
am'# Friend.
The looks of the roadisdc is a good
" CUT FINE FOR CIGARETTES " CUT COA
SIT

ISSUE 18—*18.
ED 7.
» i>
at sea
###PAGE###4###

NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE MALL, SHAWVILLE :
active service in an actual theatre of war
ask for tenders for building a cement platform in front of No. 9—full width of building ; also tenders for fencing No. .‘t School grounds. Tenders for fencing to W handed or sent to Coin r Harris, who is ein;»owercd to give out the job.
Next meeting May Kth at one p. m.
M. A. Me Kin lis v,
Asst. Sec.• Trims.
THE EQUITY.
In the case ot the latter the Minister has power to grant leave of absence without i»ay.
4t
B
* V
\
I

I
SHAWVILLE, MAY 9t 1918.
'
r
•X
O
ü. Y. B. LODGE, No. :I04, meet# Xnd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. in.
K. S. H. Workman, Irvin Hamilton, .m. W.M.	Bee. Secy
iCOPENHAûEN/Æ,
; • SNUFF
II
Dominion Government Imposes
New Taxes.
U
Iropped to $1.20 a bag in Montreal last week, partly as the result
big co Maritiu
have been holding up their surplus f “ murphy» ' with the exptrta-tion nf bettering last Kail's prices seem to bv in for a big disappointment.
Scientifically
piJOT-
IN gatcK‘8
i
• •
The Dominion Budged, delivered by Hon. Mi. McLean, acting Minister of Finance, on Tuesday last, disclosed some information which took the breath from a good many people, lecatise, somehow, they were not looking for the kind of dope which the Minister handed out. The information whs of the nature of a new scale of t i.xation which tin» (iovvrtv ment proposes to impose with a view to increasing the enormous revenue which is necessary to meet the country’s war exjHMidit ures. Them* taxes will be ini-posed chiefly on luxuries, but some bt twgen the coasts of Norway and Scot -1 things regarded as essentials, are touch
laml. with a view to effectually bottle I ed up pretty rtrongl} : for example.
tho enemy submarine ami end I *;£ £J,ow“he exu-on'.f tin’ attacks on the trade routes | ^creases decided upon Seems a pity the idea

• *
sign ment coining in from
People who
tv
afc

L, O. L. Na. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each mont li
Il KH H I loin. INS
W. M
• #

i
provint

avor.
...
R ko. Uoouinr, Secy.
L
RED CROSS

last ro|»ort we acknowledge tin follow ing maple »y rup <1 U ions :
A. F.veret Armstrong,.
Harold Vuthliertson .,
Mrs. Win. VulhlaMtson Mis. James Glenn ....
Mrs. J. N. Bussell.....
W. David Wilson......
W. A. liodgins.......
Mrx Thus. Wallace. ..
Mr>. J 1 >avis Hodgins
Marvin Thompson ...
Datid Thompson .....
Starks Vomers Club..
Also memltership fees from Dr. Fra nid Mrs. Davis liodgins, Shawvill Mrs. W. C. Young, Mrs. Kdna Vont Mi F va Findlay, F. 1 inside.
s
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meet# on the lUh of each month
H. N. IfOtMIINH,
W. Crnop. In Com
1 cat
Rico* Hodoinr* Com. Scribe.
1
ChKwing
1
It U stated the British Admiralty has |,l;iiiiitil and has now under course ! preparation a very extensive mine field to stretch acn
1
I
CLUBS.
)
l
the North Sea
TIME OF MEETING :
l
. Is the worlds best chew.
It is the most economical chew.
l
l
Firat Tuesday, Second Wednesday
Austin
b
l
10

Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
First Friday,
I
of the Atlanti
v k not put into execution a year ag<
The excise duty on manufactured tobacco is increased from lt> eent> to 20 vent" per pound ; on cigars from i s»;.»jh i thousand from $.1.00 to $<Uht |H*r thousand foreign raw leaf tobacco, from 2 s cents to 40 eents per pound ; on foreign raw leaf tobacco, stemmed, from 12 cents to
galettes
i
New peace proposals are likely to be
ale by His Holiness the Po|»e before
ig. it is reported. Whatever His Ho
ess may suggest with that object in
view will be pretty sure at least to meet It,l> l,.Lhts JHT	.
...	:	r .	.	. .	1 here is to l>e an excise duty of
with the approval of the Austrian poo conts |H,r ^m)d un ntw ,eHf tobacco I Compensation pie, who do not disguise the fact that j gVOW„ in Canada they are heartily sick of the war and fain would sheath the sword at once,
n
W. A. IIoih.ixs
Treasurer
1
Wyman, •
Shawville • First Saturday,
1 wish to inform the people of this district that I have secured the agency for the
Renfrew Machinery Company, Ltd.,
Manufacturers of and dealers in the following lines :
,! Statement of Dog Tax
Fund for tha Year ended Feb. 28, 1918.
of each month.
A customs tax of 10 cuts per pound is placed ujhmi tea.
The customs duty u|H»n green coffee
.	. U increased from cent# per pound
t their bullying, dominating mulvr the Preferential Tariff i
Total tax receipts
$ 437.00
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory IIhkvmath? and Kidney Curb Largely V»ei> With Very Great
Success.
KXI'KNsK
where it not for the dread under which they live
neighbor and ally— Germany
I
Cream Separators Truck Scales Household Scales Cas and Kerosene Engines Happy Farmer Tractors Power Drag Saws Crain Grinders Saw Frames Friction Clutch Pulleys
Apr, h>. Dog tags
Ium Aug
12,30 39.33
V /
> cents,
and from 3 cents |»er pmnd under the General Tariff to 7 cents.
The duty on temperance l*eer>, which was IT A pu cent., plus the war tariff
rate of 74 per cent., is increased to 40 on the contrary, he has lost ground At per cent.,*ad valorem.
>vv ral important |H»ints, where Allied The tax on sleeping car U*rths is in
ji 'Yemenis have Uvn successful in in»-1 creased Iront 10 cents flat to 10 .per
vent, of the price paid for each lierth, with a minimum of 2> cents.
The tax mi parlor car seats is in
i 3 cents to 10 cents each.
There is an excise tax of 1 cent p*r hundred on matches.
There is an excise tax of 8 cents on each pick of playing cards.
A customs duty of 5 cents per lineal foot is imposed upon moving picture
films.	,
There is a special war excise tax of sett letl claim
10 per cent, upon the selling price of ] automobiles, jewelry, gramophones, phonographs, talking machines, mechanical piano and organ players, and records impu ted into or manufactured in Canada. As the present customs duty
on imported automobiles is 424 p*r I 1’allies needing same this year, may cent., the new tax will W 324 p r cent., proeme pasturage on my farm on the and. in addition, the new tax will apply I 13th Concession of Clarendon, by apply to the duty as well as to the actual | ing to Thomas H. Kelley, Charteris.
Note Uii' property still often fm
sale. Parties interested are requested to apply to Mrs. Geo. A. Dagg, Shaw-;ille for terms and particulars.
GKO. L COll RIO AX
\ Andrew Pirie.
». Arthur Queah Oct. 21. Clar. Cameron.
Aug. 22. Mrs. A. Murphy 12.00 Sept. 4. Henry McDowell 12.t»u Benjamin Hynes 10.00
8.67
6.63
12.00
The enemy has gained nothing on the Western front since last week—in fact,
B
Oct. * Il
Nov. 12. John Sparling...
Dec. 12. Win Horigins.... Aug.1l. K. T. H origin*,
collecting u\ .. §5.1 -
7.00
8. Thomas Palmer.. 12.00 J. A. Sturgeon, valuating slurp. 2.30
For rheumatism or kidney trouble, this medicine has no equal, and it is highly recommended for indigestion, dyspepsia, biliousness, sick or sour stomach, headache, bitter taste in mouth, loss of appetite and asthma. If you have a sore buck or sluggish kidneys, two to five doses will remove the trouble.
A. J. Miller, grocer and baker, Renfrew, writes : “ I had rheumatism in my shoulders fur over a year. 1 used two kittles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure, and I am free from
all 1 lain and stiffness
| C McCabe, K. M. D. No. 5, Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled with rheumatism for over fifteen years, and at times unable to work. Two bottles of your remedy cured me."
Mrs. Harry Grace, 300 Plaunt St., Renfrew, writes : “ I was troubled for years w ith indigestion and tried all kinds of medicine. Two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure completely cured me.
Mr. D. M. Roliertson, Renfrew writes : 14 l have not had an attack of, asthma or coughing si net1 1 took the fourth doses of your remedy.
Sufferers should secure a supply of this splendid remedy at once from Shaw ville Drug Co., Shaw ville, tjue ; Cou-longe Supply Co., Fort Cou longe, (jue.; J. L. Rochester, Ltd., Rideau St., Ottawa : or direct from the manufacturer, W. F. Ritchie, Rox 296, Renfrew, Out.
Price 75c. per kittle. In remitting for mail orders, add sufficient to cover postage.
88.67
l « »\ing their position* anating from enemy sources, says that
\ rep a t cm
Dee. 13. A. Bean
preparations are under way for a new | creased from offensive on the West and also anothei

MADE IN CANADA
heav) drive against the Italian positions on the Piave. It these materialize more severe fighting may lie expected in a Jew days.
274.77
Cash in bank < >n the above date there was one ui
$182.23
Governor Pulleys Pump Jacks Hangers Bearing®
Wood Pulleys Belting, etc.,
and am in a jxisition to fill all orders for same.
VOIH PATRONAGE EARNESTLY SOLICITED.
Imputations nt farmers from Western Ontario have l «ecu laying their views before the Government in reference to the recent order in council which brings farmers’ sons between the ages of 20 and 23 within the immediate scop1 of the draft law, and have shown pretty clearly from their point of view that unless the regulation is modified somewhat, production — which it is claimed is almost if not fully as vital to the successful carrying on of the war as man power— is liournl to get a serious setback. A very large deputation from
xported in Ottawa about the 14th to present their views to the Government on the same question. The farmer should umlertand I tetter than any one else just what lie is tip against with regard to the farm help pmblom, and any amount of theory that wise men in Parliament may evolve as to how this and that difficulty may be overcome is not going to cause him to change his opinion if, from his matured experience, he feels such theory will not work out satisfactorily in practice. The idea that anybody can farm is a gross misconception of actual requirements in the farm-hand now a days.
E. T. Hoihjins
Sec. Ti cas
Pasturage to Rent.
H. E. MITCHEM
Agent
Ol>)>ositv \Y. A Hudgins', Slmwville P. S —Agent for 44 The Famous Seeley Pumps "
pn
District Meeting at Shawville. x
The Pembroke District Meeting of the Methodist Vhnreh will lie held in the Methodist Church, Shawville, next week May 14th and 13th. About 25 delegates are expected from Am prior,
Renfrew, Haley’s, Coklen, Pembn ' \
Westmeath, Beach burg, Portage du J .t | in front of N Fort i ’oulonge, etc.
The first session will begin at 1.3i p. m., on Tuesday with a public meet ing in the evening. There will lie tw< sessions on Wednesday the 15tl , oj*en to the public.
Discussion.-* of the work of Godin the Methodist Church on the district will be the principal subject of discussion.
Tenders Wanted
the Wot
Cream Wanted !
Tenders for building an up-to-date cement platform, full width of building,
:• School \nill b< received by the undersigned up to one o’clock, p. ui.. ot 18th M «>. I • * 18, e
Also tenders for fencing No. 3 School
Ground*, to Ik* sent to Commissioner Harris, v ho is emi»owered to give out the jot
SHIP EXPRESS
Our facilities for delivering Butter direct to Consumers from our sixty (60) retail waggons enable us to realize and pay Producer» a higher price per pound Butter Fat	>
When you ship to OTTAWA DAIRY, your money and tests are guaranteed. 4	/>#/*
WE SUPPLY CANS

M. A. MtKlXLEY,
Asst. Sec.-Trcas.,
Clarendon S. Board
PASTURAGE
By the season for cattle and sheep Splendid grazing all summer with never
failing water supply.
Apply by calling or 'phone to
DRUMMOND,
Bristol Corners
Shaw ville. May 3, 1918
2i
CANADA
. OTTAWA
The Montreal Conference of the Methodist Church, consisting of the whole of Quebec and up as far as Kingston in Ontario, will meet in Ottawa this year, beginning May 27th and lasting about one week. About 4<X> delegates, lay and clerical, are expected at < )ttawa.
Guineas Get Ride
452
Any of the young blood of Indianapolis will testify that “chickens” (in one of the later acceptances of the word) are very fond of street car and
jutomoblle riding observe, the Indian- i A11 mlbacribera and p.ltrong of the
«= gA-garS SS	EXCEPTION
THE BEST MUNIC1PAL
1 01 ty afreet car.	the Central operator promptly at tin
Amid a chorus of squawks frem | eiul of each month ¦	¦¦¦
.	shout 100 coops of turkeys and other
ppE5=Ez!Sf! Ü1I!
iiis iHiP wmm
lay in reacting to be conditioned ujion Motion — Tracy-Harris — That Mrs.	P	1 W
their actual employment in farming. | Willie Fulford be exempt fees for past The intent of the resolution was to and present year—$6.00 ; also that 37| provide that in the case of the first j>er- cents on property sold to Anglican emptory draft of men between the ages Church, Charteris, be charged to the of 20 and 22 the urban districts should Municipality, amount accruing after be exhausted before the rural districts | property was s<)ld and became non-tax-were required to get into service.
H. R. Henderson of Macdonald, and
Major Andrews of Winnipeg, have both I following bills be paid :	—
conferred with the Minister on the mat- Mrs. R. Chapman, No. 8, wood
General Mew burn, it is stated, I and removing storm windows, $ 7.00 has pointed out that he has no power Ernie Stevenson, No. 14, storm to do other than 44 advise that the ur-1 door and work ban centres be drained first, or that Conn McCagg, No 2, glass, etc., already taken lie granted leave. Mias Wilson, No. 13, box chalk,
He has no j>ower to order such a course Clifford Fulford, No. 3, firing for of action.	both schools.
It is stated, however, that fanners al- Miss Ramsay, No. 11, supplies, ready called out were called out liefnre G. F. Horigins Co., different the desire of the Minister was made schools, supplies, known to them.	Thos. Wallace, No. 8, repairs and
Men mo called out are advised to com* visiting schools, ply with the older and to apply to the W. C. Harris, No. 3, repairs and Commanding Officer for leave of ab visiting schools, sence on the ground stated.	| R. Tracy, visiting schools,
Such	absence, if
will, of course, only be temporary, ex
cepting in the case of an only son who j man Draper secure the deed of No. 14 has bad brothers killed, disabled, or on School grounds ; also that the Secretary
Telephone Notice
Urge that Farmers be left until others are called out
FIVE YEARS
6°0
Minutes Clarendon Schools
Ottawa, May 2 —The committee on agriculture as a result of a lengthy discussion yesterday, adopted the following resolution and forwarded it to the Minister of Militia, General Mew burn, for his consideration :
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met on April 27th, 1918. Present
INVESTMENT IN CANADA
The Chairman and Com
R. W. HUDGINS,
Secretary
CITY OF MONTREAL
BONDS


Sheriff’s Sale.
Redeemable in five years-O" the 1st December. 1922
THE BONDS—both Coupon and Registered—are issued in
denominations of $100, $500, and $1,000.
. . L	.	. will be sold at the resiiectivv time and
(n front of Locks, and th# mo tonna n place mentioned below.
shouted :	“Here are your guineas.” 1
Eager hands helped them to alight, and they were taken back home.
Interest at 0%, payable Semi-Annually on June 1st and December 1st
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS
A SPECIAL ADVANTAGE
SlTKRlOR Cot RT
District ok Pontiac
Danleh Statistics.
'PT'PT iTdl-TiTîliîlT^S • These Bonds are made payable to
' BEARER, but can be registered without any expense in the name of HOLDER. They cannot then be sold or transferred without the consent of the latter—which at the same time insures the holder against any loss, by fire or otherwise.
1 he registration privilege is an advantage rarely found in Municipal
Ronds.
Province of Quebec, j DAM E MAR1K Very few European countries only j District of Poi time. L. BEAULIEU were In a position to proceed, since :	No. 1393. I rr via, plaintiffs ;
August 1, 1914, with their normal quin- v*. DAME MARGARET J.-F. FIND quennlal census. Denmark Is one of | LAY, et al, defendants, the exceptions, says an exchange. On February 1, 1916, the little kingdom counted 2.920.000 Inhabitants, 1. a. an increase of 163,000 souls over the census of 1911.
able.—Carried.
Motion—Laughren-Tracy — That the
Those certain islands situate in the Ottawa river and now known and de scribed in the official plan and book of reference for the township of Waltham, in the county of Pontiac, as islands The distribution ratio is 75 Inhab- |numbers fifty tw«. ami fiity four (32 and itints to the square kilometre. The
ter
2:1
2.50
t
men
Ask fop our Circular.
54) of the said township of Waltham — Copenhagen Frederiksberg county con I together with all and every the appur-talns 605.000 Inhabitants, I. a., mors tenances thereunto belonging, than one-Efth of the total population. To be sold at the registrar’s office for The 74 other cities number 004,000 the county of Pontiac, in the village of people. Rustic population, 1,T11 000. Bryson, Que., on the TWENTY 8EC-The three principal cltiea, bealdei L)ND day of MAY, 1916, at TEN
12.00
2.18
RENE-T. LECLERE
5.55
Investmrnt Brokrr
5.50
160 St. James St.,
Montreal.
(Founded In 1001).
Copenhagen, are
Odense, 45,000, and Aalborg, 38.000 The present war increased the Importance of the seaport town of Esbjerg | Sheriffs office, (19.000 Inhabitants), which hardly existed 50 years ago.
clock in the forenoon.
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
Sheriff.
7.00
2.00 arrie<
Motion—Harris Wallace—That Chair-
Telephone » Mein 1200 & 1261
Bryson, Que., 13th April, 1918. [First publication, 20th April, 1918]



E*
*

02142259
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
German Seheellng.
German schooling has proved antagonistic to co-operation, although demanding unity of action through mass obedience, Wlothrop Talbot writes In the Century. It has failed to foster real co-operation, for co-operation Is a method by which persons of their own volition and by no compulsion may work together harmoniously. Only when training and schooling ore the common privilege of all Is that state of civic development possible which permits society to become co-operative In Its action. In other words, a socialized society becomes more possible only as all Individual members acquire each the widest vision, and thus the power to co-operate harmoniously.
This is the store that can supply you with your requirement# in
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Loot Interests.
PaklUkod every Tk.rila y
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
FLEET FOOT
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Give usa call
nr moBirriox, $1 a Year in Advance gr All Arrears must be paid up before toy p iper U discontinued.
Satisfactorily done.
o
Order you Sap Buckets now.
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices.
For every member
of the Family
ADVERTISING HATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for I«L Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Badness cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Œ. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
PARCKL8 KOFI flKRMANT.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
For ease, comfort, attractiveness and down right economy, wear
Shoes
Wear them all the time-for work and play—
for business and pleasure.
Easy, comfortable fit for any foot.
See window for styles.
I he .Newest Régulations Announced
From Ottawa.
New regulations governing the tending of parcels from Canada to irlsoners of war in Germany bave >een issued by the Post Office Department In accordance with methods idopted by the British War Office.
The new scheme Is known as "personal parcel scheme for prisoners of rar other than officers,” and provides is follows:
1.	Any of the articles noted below nay be Included: Pipe, sponge, pendis, tooth powder, pomade, cap >adge and badges of rank, shaving >rush, safety razor, mohair boot aces, candies (8 ozs.), medal rlb-pons, brass polish, mittens (one pair i quarter), muffler (one each year), (having soap (one stick a quarter), tealth salts, insecticide powder, >races and belts (provided they are nade of webbing and Include no rubier or leather), comb, hair brushes, noth brushes, buttons, chess, Iraughts, dominoes and cloth irusheg.
2.	The personal parcel may be ient once a quarter only. The maximum weight Is II pounds. It Is ad-'ised that such parcels should not velgh less than three pounds, so as o minimize the risk of loss In the lost.
Fleet
Foot
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Custom Sawing*.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Professional Cards.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
. Qvk.
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Time Table.
Something1 we have Waited all Spring for
Campbell* Bay •
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University. ee 1A . Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec
Ottawa—Montre m. via Short Line :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 9.13, a. m.
Lv (B)
Ottawa Maniwaki :
Lv (B) Ottawa Central 4.40, p. m.
Lv Ottawa Broad St. 8.83, a. m. on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday only.
Shawvillk— Ottawa :
Lv (B) Shawville 7.2s, a. m.
Ottawa—Toronto :
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 8.33, a. m.
Lv (A) Ottawa Central 10..30, |
Ottawa—Winnipeg—Vancouver ;
Lv(C) Ottawa Broad St. 805, a. m.
Ottawa—Pembroke :
tfc
“	3.30, p. in.
Rennie’s Calf Meal
S. A. MACKAY
50 lb. bag for $3.00.
3.	The personal parcel must be lacked and despatched through the >ost office by the friend or relative if the prisoner, who received the coupon mentioned below, and the •oupon must be affixed to the parcel.
4.	A supply of coupons will be lamed (a) for prisoners of war belong-ng to the Canadian forces by the Prisoners of War Department, Cana Ban Bed Cross Society, 14 Cockspur itreet, London, S.W.; (b) for civilian îrlsoners of war and prisoners of war lelonglng to the Imperial and allied orcem by the Central Prisoner» of Yar Committee, 4 Thurloe Place,
London, S.W.;	(c) application*
thould be made for these coupons m mediately.
5.	The next-of-kin has the right o the coupon or to designate the person to whom It Is to be given.
6.	Relatives should we warned hat the Inclusion In the parcel of any irticle not mentioned In the above 1st may entail the confiscation of he parcel.
The above regulations are an amendment to those issued by the department, dated November, 1917, ind published in the December supplément to the Postal Guide, in 10 far as parcels Intended for pris-
mers of war other than officers are I of this district, •oncerned.	'	I
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
Caldwell’s Calf Meal
a. j. McDonald d. c. l.
>. III.
25 lb. bag for $1.50.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ac.
CAMl’BKLLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weelv
Lv (B) Ottawa Broad St. 4.43, p. in.
Lv. Ottawa Broad St. 8.00, a. in. on Monday, Wednesday and Saturday only.
Note:	(A) Daily. (B) Daily except Sunday. (C) Daily except Monday
For further ; particulars apply to
C. A. L. TUCKER, Agent, Shawville.
C. F. HODCINS CO. LTD.
CEO. 0. WIIICHT, K. C.
AC
A 1 V O CATE • BARRISTER,
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORK
196 Main St. - Hull.
We own and offer for sale
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER* SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
. $450,000.00 CITY OF VERDUN
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending The poatmaeter la informed that I purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order
hese parcels, which will be address- ,	,	XT	.	,	_ .
•d direct to the prisoner of war. must | elsewhere. .Nothing too large-—nothing too small.
year a coupon, otherwise they are lot to be accepted. The coupon In question bears a ring printed in blue, nslde of which are the words "Prisoners' Personal Parcel."
6% Five Year Bonds close March, 1st, 1923 PRICE : PAR and accrued interest.
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos
ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Ec.
HULL
Will attend Courte and Business In the
District of Pontiac.
N H.—THE CITY OF VERDUN, with its population of 30,000, ranks third in imjyortanoe in the province of Quebec. As it is one of the beet administered towns on the island of Montreal, its bonds should enjoy a | popularity equal to that of the City of Outremont, whose issue of $1,500,000 have just been absorbed by the public in less than two months.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
191 MAIN ST.,
All Work, Guaranteed Satisfactory.
The Indian and the Caribou.
Since the introduction of firearms he Indian has lost much of his old îunting lore. A snare is almost a hing of the past, but is still occasion-illy used when ammunition is scarce.
: Sr.Z'coZ:: &%%% I Yes l We have them for you to see.
Tills usually give ample cover for a	J
STwY, Our early buying enables us to offer big values.
.hey will almost invariably circle	0
lead to wind and give the hunter a	—	........-	¦
ttehe'vJrtaagh- You should see our nice assortment of TIES
er In the summer Is annually made.	fnn non to
The best swimming places are known 1	1UI *u VVllVoe
ind carefully watched, and woe be-Ide a herd of caribou if once surrounded In a lake by the small hunt-
Embalmer ,„d	I TEACHER WANTED ^	I
Main Strppt Shawville.	Teacher wanted for Dis*. School No. in 1912 In Constantinople by Lady dea 0f sparing life, no matter what
}	*	1, Dun raven, holding a first or second , Lowther, the wife of the British am- he age or sex of the victim may be;
class elementary diploma, and to teach | bas.sa dor in Turkey at that time. At die lake is red with blood and cov-PdrSOnaHttention.ODenallhOUrS. (ten months	from	August loth to 30th	the beginning the fund was used for	»red with sometimes several hundred
June,	1919,	with	three weeks holidays I	the Balkan wars and at the beginning	arcasaes, of which fully one half are
z zrs.zz.t	ithb tailors
__ j	undersigned not later than the 86th | work In cooperation with their am, erm|nate l,hhe gamfl but- if one dem- |
ana fcMfc» A LIVII IS Vi | May. '»>«•	veterinary corps and wae Immediately >ngtratee with the Indiana at the ..... =
JAS. t AliS>> hLL,	I accepted. The president of the organ- /ygate, the ready answer comes: "Our
{Sec.-Treasurer, |	tgation Is Lady Smith Dorrien. bnt she	athers did tais and have taught us |
Dunraven, Que. j	^gs authorised Mrs. Biphlnstone Malt-	o do the same; they did not kill off
land to come to this country to form he caribou, and after we are gone the American branch of this fund and here will be plenty for our chll-
Miu., funds	ir»n.
The cvibou supplies the Indian with nearly all the necessities of life; t gives him food, clothing, house, ind the equivalent of money to spend it the fort. He leaves the trading-
%	smm"nurton.vl,tei: |will *>Q Paid the undersigned for any quantity
ind tobacco, a blanket or two, and, f he has made a good season's hunt, s perhaps lucky enough to have tafc-n one of the company's duffel cala these, >ote« (about the beat form of great-
x>at that I have ever seen.) He has i wife and family waiting for him wmewhere on the shore of the big ake where fish are plentiful, expect ng a gaudy dress, a shawl, or a dr ng of beads from the fort, but •elying entirely on the caribou for maintenance during the awful cold of he coming winter.—Warburton Pike n The Barren Ground of Northern
CEORCE E. MORENCY
Consult your Notary on the Va’ue of this Investment.
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KINDS OK
Surveying. Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing. Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, JtC.
executed carefully to the satisfaction of parties.
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE & ROULAIS,
Limited.
Bankers
Versailles Building, 90 St. James St.
Montreal.
H VLL,
162 Wellington St.
Phone : Queen 5230.
Tel. Main 8745-8746.
CEORCE HYNES
Up-to-date Men’s and Boys’
to-wear Suits.
Ready-
MURRAY BROS
4
UNDERTAKING
SHAWVILLE.
W. J. HAYES
MARKET FOR
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
PULP WOOD
(opposite J. H.Shaw's
All calls will receive prompt per
sonftl attention
TWINE.
Paper Fleece Twine may be obtained from the following Places :
The Highest Market Price
Hectoring Ret
With commendable enterprise end 'oreeight, Canada is carrying on am xttMitilve work In restoring her ln-ralided soldiers. At the close of the rear there were 113 Institutions (of which the Military Hospitals Corn-ms don conducted 71) caring for ionvaleacent soldiers, here were 11,335 beds, In addition o 2,600 beds used in clearing de iota. There were 10,000 men under __ J t ,	..	,	,, reatment, 3,000 men enrolled for
____________________ , t3P Members should make a -special rational training and 86f men be-
ffOMPTLY SECURED effort to obtain this cord and tie their Bg taught new trades. These num-
liYTll f tM. wywwTlHM | fl^eej, securely, as fleeces that arc not ! *rs are constantly increasing and
fastened securely become separated and I he Military Hospitals Commission Is broken and have to be classed as loose - expanding Its activities to meet the
wool.	! Lrowlng needs adequately.
ed Soldiers.
J. L. HODGINS
LaSalle Bros., Tancredia,
Paul McNally, Campbells Bay, Robt. Grant, El inside,
W. A. Moore, Otter Lake,
F. A. Davis, Ouyon,
A. Bretzlaft, Ladysmith, Demonstrator’s Office, Shawville.
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines
and Repairs
SHAWVILLE •	• QUE.
OF POPLAR, SPRUCE and BALSAM
PULPWOOD
To be delivered at sidings along the C. P. R. and O. N. R. Railways.

In all countries Ask for our INVENTORS ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION £ MARION.
#4 University SU Montréal.
LA WIT BROS., Campbells Bay.
M
###PAGE###6###

Verbiage.
I asked a pretty Adjective To go with me to town.
She said, “I really cannot, sir,
Pm promised to the Noun.”
I saw them sitting side by aide,
And neither one had stirred.
«•What keeps you now?” I asked. They said,
••We re waiting for the Verb.”
But when the verb came dashing up There was no more delay;
He took them up into his cab And whisked them both away!
So Adjectives are pretty Maids,
And Nouns arc Lovers frantic,
And Verbs arc "Cabbies” brisk and bold.
Now isn't this romantic?
mam
bob lone
So-Easy Eyeglasses
m
!
UNION MADE

Of latest Style
Satisfaction Guaranteed
/
OVERALLS
SHIRTS & G LOVES
Si*ml for FRF.K home examination Chart, If you cannot rail to find out
Klghteen yew# practical experience.
Telephone, north 8533
a hwt strength of gluehen you need mer <* C" \ Medit ;ii Corps.
D. HIE8TAND, Bpeeiallat. 698 Tonga Bt. (Opp. Isabella Bt.)

i
WAK AND FOOD SERIES. ARTICLE No. 15—WASTE AND HOARDING
Runaway Julietta
If there is one phase of food con- and allowed to cool and allowing the servation more than another that mixture to stand until the lime settles
comes within
sphere it is the question of waste, should be placed in a clean earthen-Whvn she is saving on the little things ware jar or other suitable vessel and u AU- D t	.	, and straining every nerve to make the covered to a depth of two inches with
t HAi ltk 1.	* the deep blue eyes, the sunny, uncon- most of what she has, wholesale and the liquid
A Little Girl Sells a Duck and lakes reined ai d inscrutable temperament indiscriminate waste
The valley roVrèïched out before au,!?pun,'sho'.ï'h*Mhe mm" 'uTgÎve'
her. h.'t, dusty, beckoning. 6he walk-! her to wear tin- a~i „ir garments 0f VinceiUM Bar greatly	¦!
e<l briskly in the wagon ruts, her bare her cousin Maggie. Lizzie was out- . U now aSB,nst the law either to	Wished to be Amiable.	Wood ashes can be used this year
brov a toes riffling the soft yellow	wardly submissive, but now the	great	hoar(1 or to waste. The Canada Food	with	excellent	results.	It	is	about	the
dust. Her age was ten, or so she	d*y had come to hand, the day	when	Hoard has put ;nto every woman’s	He had	never seen	the bride	before,	0Iliy	way	now	to	obtain	potash,	which
reckoned it. Her single nondescript 5^lv "'as. to stand forth before all men hand a weapon te fight against these but, of course, when he was presented }a a most necessary fertilized. garment Mopped short at the knees. a,u* recite the “Wreck of the lies- war time menaces. An Ordcr-in-Coun- to her, he tried to do the amiable expiosing slim brown legs. A faded IHTl,s”	oil has been passed which puts her in “I hardly feel like a stranger,” he
sunlmnnei e.Kled at a tangle of chest- .	Burrell proposed the position of bringing within the said, "for Jack, during the time he
5 £2£ fSF^IrF=E ™
furtive quacks at internals. So heavy mined to get fifty cents for Whitev, boarding 01 wasting foodstuffs.	, nJ? , . ear XV , 8 11 r5\ .
was it that at length she came to rest &#d now knew exactly what she want- Again, the Hoard has the power i 1 he bride glared at him viciously, under a cotton wood, with a great ed to do with that fifty cents. The from time to time to make orders ami he, seeing that he had somehow
curious thing about Lizzie was that prescribing the amount of any kind of put his foot in it, assumed an expres-ln the distance a'cloud of yellow she always knew her own mind.	food that may be purchased or held, aion of apology.
st hovertd over the road, drew near-	So she went to La Vina with	( lay	Irrespective of the purpose, and if	“I	hope	you don't	mind his	having
cr and materialized into the outfit of	^orpe, and came home again	and	the amount is exceeded it may be seiz-1	read	your	letters to	me?” he	asked
pem-d out with an affable "Hello!”	I Then Lizzie disappeared, and was no	been stored 100 lonK from llavi"K to	fear there is some mistake. My name
“Hello!” returned the girl.	more seen by Mrs. Wurrell. As a	he thrown out or destroyed.	i* Joan,
“You go town?”	matter of fact, Lizzie was very busy It is now the duty of each munici
She nodded mutely.	up in the attic, where for weeks past pality in Canada to enforce this re- Why not look over the window
“Heap long way.”	t	she hiul twn working on a blue silk gulation within its municipal limits, screens when the weather is too
a.	spMur.usst; & aTisruf
with a knowing glance.	schoolhouso, Lizzie could not be fount! 5100 °r a period of imprisonment not | piece of screen large enough to reach
“What you got?” Chicken?”	and was thankfully forgotten.	' exceeding three months, or both fine firm wire on all sides of the damaged
"Duck.”	Before three score parents and re- and imprisonment, will be «imposed. | part. Ravel the edges of the patch.
“puck!" 1 he Chinaman's tone took lativos, assembled in the school house, The fine will be paid to the treasurer taking off two or more wires on each on life. ^ ou likee sell ?	I Maggie VS urrell tailed ignominiously	of the municipality or to the provincial	side to leave a fringe a quarter of an
Again she nodded. The	vender ( m u-r piece,’ and Mrs. Wurrell flush-	treasurer, according to whether muni-	inch or more in width all around Then
h » lT S a,nl pewed Wlth"l hJr n^JL”Lthe ^duleent Tl" of cipal or provincial authorities institut- with the flat side of a pair of pincers
"Twenty ti\ c cent.” he asserted con- Here Mas called aloud,TndVrs. Wur* ‘*.1 proceedings in the Arst place | bend this fringe down at right angles fidently. She shook her head.	rell was about to rise and explain ie 001 Hoard expects that the place the patch in position and push
"No?”	! that Lizzie was not present, whvn women of Canada will be useful the bent fringe through. Bend it in
The Celestial drew forth	the duck	something astounding happened, aome-	a8^nts in bringing	culprits to justice. |	toward	the	centre	and	fasten	it	firm-
with practiced fingers.	thing that took her breath away and	Wherever they have reason to be-;	ly	by	putting	a	small	board	against
"'Heap fat. How much ?"	b»ft her staring.	* lievc that waste is going on as a re- it and tapping it on the other side.
•Tifty cents,” said the girl un- It required twenty seconds for the suit of hoarding or improper storage
duck. “How much?”	I lip. and looking exactly what she felt.| invcst,^ated
“Fifty cents.”	| For, upon the platform had come a
A moment of hesitation, and then girl—a flushed and lovely little girl surrender.	jin a wonderful blue silk dress, trim-
“AH light." Producing a long met! with fifty cents' worth of blue rib-	. ,	.
clinking leather pouch, he selected a bon, who recited the "Wreck of the *Pri,1g will supply the home with good coin. “Heap smart girl,” he grin- Hesperus" in a composed and perfect- eggs in the fall and winter, when eggs ^ P Welly smart. Likee lide ly poised manner, and evoked a wealth are hard to get and are high-priced.
*25?	. .	....	, „	1 applause ami wondering remarks Eggs to be preserved must be fresh,
Tn. The girl smUed for the firs: on what a change clothes did make in and should he placed in the preserv-time, and without further remark children.	1
climbed up to the wagon seat. The| Lizzie, however, labored under
Celestial clucked to his horse and they misapprehension whatever. From the	. ^	,
moved forward. The girl sat stiffly, platform she beheld the stony eyes ^oda preserving is by the use of the fifty cents clutched in her little and the grim lips of Mrs. Wurrell water tflass, a pale yellow, odorless, hand, her eye» inscrutable.	Only by	and in that face she read her doom. So!j	*>'ruPy liquid that	can be bought by
her quickened breathing did she be-	while her lips mechanically recitedj	the quart or gallon	from the druggist
tray excitement.	e '	her bin in registered just one	vivid	or poultry supply man.	It should be
Another dust cloud	rose	'behind	thought: "Ml never go back:	She’ll	diluted in the proportion	of one part
back, and she hit the other side of the corn was the . '	,	,	.
He road to La Vina. Here, escaping from Earthenware crocks or jars are the
was a youth of fourteen, lithe, dark-	the din	of voices, stood Lizzie; in her	best containers, since	their glazed
haired, eager of eye.	hand sho clutched two silver dollars_ surface prevents chemical action from
• Lizzie!” he cried,	ranging	up;	she had won the prize. It was an	the solution. The crocks or	cans should
mongsiue the wagon, I-	—	epoch in her life, that prize; it	open-	be scalded and allowed	to cool be-
“La \ina,” she returned casually, through the great white-headed stalks Hu‘re one Quart of water K’ass.
"What? But why didn't you---" of com and took the road to La Vina! Half fill the container with the wa-
“I don't want Auntie to know.”	Ten is an age too tender for facing ter-glass solution and place the eggs
He grinned again. Say, the mysteries that lie beyond the hills, in it. Eggs can be added from day to
I take you to but Lizzie did not falter. Regret and day as they are obtained, making sure
sorrow crept into her heart, and lone- that the eggs are covered by about
-	"" -	Mfï35.-îtt
Honest I won't,” promised Clay.	Thorpe,	ami to Fan the puppy ; but she	cot)1 p ace where ^ Wl11	not ha.ve t0
She opened her hand, disclosing the	did not	falter. A lump t«me into	be moved. Look at it	from time to
her throat, and choked and hurt time and if there seems to be danger "1 ve sold Whitey. Auntie was goin' strangely.	» of too much evaporation add sufficient
to kil! him for Sunday dinner, but he s Suddenly she heard the pounding of cool boiled water to keep the eggs cov-mine. ^ ou gave him to me, and I rais- a galloping horse. She turned and «red ed him!" Her voice swelled into an saw Clay tearing up the road, his lean-indignant wail.	necked roan in a lather. She paused.
"Sure he's yours.” cried, the boy waiting in the shade of the cottonwood.
The eggs
women’s immediate and the liquid is clear
By Arthur Henry Gooden
z&r
Remove the eggs as de-of foodstuffs sired, rinse in clean, cold water and
use immediately.
ureovf mmum
rJfaow* frcmCoaàt IoCoglaç
9^^ sC^JKSS»
?
?

A LASTING SURFACE
Varnish that will stand wear and tear. Ramsay's Fine Floor Varnish maintains a perfect lasting finish under most extreme circumstances. The scraping of furniture and the ^ gg atamp of heels is Its daily test for £|| durability^É^J K The fact that Ramsay's Varnish stands this severe usage, proves its worth as a preservative for your floors.
Aik any Ramsay dealer, or write ue for our descriptive literature.
The Right Varnish to Varnish Right

«
RÂMSAY5
UNICORN

sigh of relief
i x Varnishes
-
Sf* [*u>4«

ill

AftAMS^tOWNOP
z

r"yrflriWa!^ff
i
?
WH
Z//.
lif
n\\\W
w
A. RAMSAY A SON COMPANY âu««s or n>s t tHsnius asd nisrt usa tut
MONTHS At
For Sale by all Dealers.
Leave It to Parker
P It is
THE postman and expressman will bring * Parker service right to your home. We pafr carriage one way. Whatever you send—whether it be household draperies or the most delicate fabrics—will be speedily
returned to their original freshness. When you think of
'
\
*>£
!
»
Two Ways to Preserve Eggs
I line Tor
cleaning m
cans - ssjtex I
fômfbrt
Surplus eggs preserved in the
/
ncd
Cleaning or Dyeing
lug container as soon as possible after they are laid
no
One of the best me
think of PARKER'S.
A most helpful booklet of suggestions will be mailed on request.
Parker’s Dye Works, Limited
Cleaners* and Dyers
h
791 YONGE ST.
TORONTO
ed as she glanced her lip as the rider came up
T

N
à
>


:

<â

rs
Oh!

get up behind me town and back."
She considered this proposal “Honest ?
mm.
The Paint That Costs The Least
% PAINT
I & VARNI5HÈS

fl
Clay ?"
coin
Eggs removed from the solution should be rinsed in clean, cold water. Before they are boiled holes should be pricked in the large ends
For a moment the girl's lips tremb- "Dare!” exclaimed the boy flinging with a nee(Me to prevent them from :ed. then suddenly her face broke into from the saddle. Hie voice was trouhl-* cracking, a smile. She turned to the China- ed as he met her half-defiant eyes.
mail, g'-avely flh.K-k him<Is, and scram- j "Dare, where are you going? I saw preserving eggs and Is slightly kss
& a!:	c	^ ^	^ "r ^ "
......
And so they rode down the valley the old rail fence as though strength- =	-----------
together, the dust like a dun cloud ening herself against the sympathy 0 trailing behind them, and the purple- and love in Clay's voiee—Clay Thorpe ¦ brown mountains that hedged the San her one stanch friend, her little knight Joaquin shot up the sky like spears, I He looked at her, anxiety in his glorious in the morning sun.
It is extremely likely that Mrs
hotly
Limewater also is satisfactory for
is the Paint that covers the greatest surface—that takes the shortest time to apply—that wears the longest. Martin-Senour **100/% Pure” Paint does all three* Here's the proof* f?100>6 Pure” Paint covers 900 square feet of surface per gallon.
Hand-mixed-lead-and-oil, and cheap prepared paints, cover
only about 500 square feet.
The greatest cost of painting is for labor. It takes less time to apply Martin-Senour ”100ft Pure” Paint because its fine, even texture spreads much easier*

Buying In Toronto
dear gray eyes.
...	„	,	.. .	,	,	, “Dare,” he stammered. He drew
7 urreH-^-ho was distinctly the bet- himself up onto the rail fence and ter half of the Wurrell paterfamihaa looked down at her, hie legs swinging - would have evaded the responsibility idly.
of the orphan itiece had it not been for “I’m running away," she gulped, pie Dare ranch. It was just like “I'll never go beck. Auntie hate, me I*rry Dare, she complained, to break -and—and I'll never go back." his neck and leave her a motherless "I don’t—dont hate you," said the babe ; so she forth with accepted the boy slowly. Color showed under his ranch as balm in Gilead, called the girl tan, but he went on sturdily. “When Lizzie out of sneer ugliness, and pm big I'm going to merry you, and, taught her husband how to prosper.	¦	¦¦
It was unfortunate for Lizzie that •he had inherited tahe fair coloring;
MARTIN
I
100% PURE” PAINT
u
? MifitT W4
v fore# art to busy an4
attract?#. And 4c rang# of mar-ch*ndi»e ie #o **'eneb<; that It la
ÏÏTJSK *”*
• the greater
'jHHE
îasrjras:
_ __ trarclffaf without escort.
And your wrikani may be delfo* fred there for yeu an<frellere you of ah worry.
(Made in Canada)
is guaranteed to be exactly as represented. The purity of the White Lead and Zino Oxide—the hiquality of the Linseed Oil minute fineness of the grinding by powerful machinery— insure a paint that gives years of protection and beauty to your home#	x "	.	-
Why use cheap paint—that is expensive toput on—when Martin-Senour 4,100ÿb rure” Paint wears nearly twice as, long ?
II you ere pdntlnd this yeer, you’ll be Interne ted In ouf books—•'Town end Country HomesM end "Harmony Ie Nee Teas99*. Write for copies—free.
we’ll have the finest ranch round.”
She looked up at him swiftly, then shook her heed.
"I'm running away/’ she reiterated, "forever and ever, and some day when I’m big I’m going to do big things— the way men do big things.” She looked down at the two stiver dollars in her hot little palm. "And you must never, never tell.”
Again the lump rose in her she saw his hurt, bewildered She turned and began to run. was after Her like a flash.
(To be continued.) i
—the
d this
jeteurs Is

out#
Will
Faty
r
tentirm is
not
to
A 1
root

burn
us*

eyee
109
He
66* MARTIN-SENOUR G»,
KEEP YOlir STOVE MW.Mf
Black Knight
STOVE POLISH
The Walker House
The housewife must not practise economy at the expense of the health of her family. Growing children must have good milk to drink, as well as other nourishing food.
MONTREAL
GREENSHIELDS AVENUE,

#
The
I
1	TORONTO, OUT.

T

###PAGE###7###
'
HOW JACK TAR AMUSES HIMSELF
H. M. THE KING- ONE YEAR’S
WAR WORKER WAR FACTS
FROZEN IN MID-AIR.
BABYLON—THEN AND NOW.
WHAT OUR FIGHTING MEN READ
Incident in the life of • Russian
Observer.	1
The Russian Sikorsky biplanes were of immense value while Russia was
still in the war, and it was to one of 18 HARDEST WORKED MAN IN these craft that the incident occurred that Mr. Clarence Winchester relates In Flying Men and Their Machines.
What Men of the Grand Fleet Do ' wa7'calM°wÏnt tu^over" the German Arduou. and Anxloua Duties Uneaten- Recently kauad by the British War
Cabinet Contains These Astonish-
Interest May Again Centre In Marvellous City of Antiquity.
If the Germans, as some military experts think likely, direct their next
FRENCHB8 AND BILLETS AND treat military effort to the Balkans FAORITE PASTIMES OF THE BRI
would be likely to follow on the plains of Babylonia, in which neighborhood the British are none too strongly es
UThfhr*di. magic in the name of While Waiting for the Oor-	Tenlm/S	Üiêrl
¦¦¦¦BIB
mm WËÊfflmm iss
ware d.fend.H by wall, corresponding a concert. . sale of work, a boxing- j !%'	/"^.cAhail of
In height and thickness to that which match has been held Î have been on F * m , t. rnno>>1 «	# Then come the first of his audiences,
encircled Babylon. They were pierced watch! So that one has to snatch--1 >1, ,	•	. ft y. : -i There is no limit to the sort of peo-
at suitable intervals (where streets as Jack does—any little pleasure that	¦ ' .	.	pie whom the King receives in his
ran parallel across the town) for ferry offers itself in odd moments. His .	.	. h f h ib c ' study, except the limit fixed by at-
«r*k‘ ""	""" " i :z-	p*	srs.
The river bottom, within the city ten fingers will do—4 accompanies on	merit. From all worlds they com
HmaHE
Not foneerrstive.	J»mboree In history Cjmje. being long way with Jack.	enemy now made a special mark dence« ar*	n	planeg an<J atropl
A list of the hooks recently asked helped by spivs within the walls,	Eastern Dignity.	of the brave aviator and a ball graz- ftnfe with	00,1 ( ontr(,ller 9 re‘ are constantly increasing
for by the patients in a London boa- turned the Euphrates out of its course	particular duties mr^sitatemy ed his leg. But he hung on in his Quirements.	In one week the aircraft patrol
Between tb::.n%. o'clock	^
Nat Gould's “Regiment, at the Front" through one or more rhrer gates which	ana. ‘ recreating'	tense, and the	man soon became	Majesty, frequently accompanied by	Of 13,000,000 men transported over
rubs «boulders with Burns' poems, and had been left open. The royal palace, themore,	to	waten jacK reman r	aJmogt	tQ death presently	the Queen, la engaged In inspection of	... only about 3,600 have been lost.
a book on “Bird-Life.” Three more of, » vast structure on the west bank,	he amuses mms^a.one., u ^ entirely oblivious of his posi- : project, of interest to the realm- Up to August 26,000,000 ton, of ex-
Nat Gould’s novels are sandwiched be- w*» «huAly captured; Belshazzar,	kj j	the favorite tion. The dizzy height and the ex- munitions plants, war hospitals, pub- plosives and army supplies and 61,-
tween "A Tale of Two Cities," “Gil «word In hand, was slam, and the city	“V 4atched a matelot doub e- 1 treme temperature had affected him. : lie projects, and military and naval 000,000 tons of coal and oil had been
Blae,” and Tolstoy’. “Resurrection." belonged to Cyrus.	%% for what seemed to me to be How he managed to keep hi, hand, establishment, of all sorts.	shipped overseas.
“Handy Andy.” “Treasure Island," He did not destroy it; but, ceasing	.Me timf Once I sawjtn over the bullet holes wa. a miracle, Between live-thirty and eight he is Over 7,000 men and 30,000 tons of
and Haggard’s “Dawn" share com- to be a center of dominion, it shrank.,	,iui	,ilpntly ln the shadow	for the machine	swayed and turned	back at the palace, if the inspection	supplies are sent daily to France,
pany with Macaulay’s Essaya, and A large part of the population mi-	.	'	^	„ajlor flt‘ thu form of	steeply In its efforts to avoid the	has not taken him out of the London	About 667 steamers are continually
volumes on radiography, horse-break- P»ted, deserting Baby on whose huge	t degerted part of the ceaseless fire from the other aero- area, and busy with the hundreds of supplied in carrying troops and army
ing. and high explosives; and “The:^ gigantic bu, ding, (includ- =^'^t was a st%e picture and ! planes. But he did hang on, although document, that come flowing to the supplies
sritsrss h.“ ï srs ' skmt-	rx-ir-Jie1 k ; sjxtzjzs: ss ssa; ¦sr ss.tt jzr nm - - " -
"îtt Brituh Midi.,', „.d.	&tal * ~
Ing cover, just the same wide range There 1. no stone whatever in that " tn'a	seemmg y pomt Nothing more could be done by the tion. has to be signed with hi. own Military hospitals in the United
a. the civilian’s. The rank, to-day region, where the land Is a mere allu- ,e”f™a	^ «wimming, Russian machine; and so the pilot hand.	»	Kingdom number 2,000.
include almost every grade of men, ! yla* deposit, and all the great «truc- g ^ exercjse, As if Jack does headed for home with the observer Even during dinner, which is served More than 17,000 women are em-from the poet and philosopher to the ‘“res of Babylon erected by the labor : °	enough of this pastime! I «till holding the tank. At last his punctually at 8.80 o’clock, other pa- ployed as military nurses and 28,000
factory operator and farm laborer. “f„r1Ty^*n0dr]?'dVt8ri„tvk!" j?	watched a man swinging a pair of In- energies gave way and he collapsed peri of State importance reach the other, are employed In various work
One private known to the writer has 7"* -	d b k f d th dian clubs in the late noon on my way on the lower plane, where he lay un- palace, and these require to be gone at military hospitals,
for companion in the trenches Horace buIÎ. , .Ve'	'. D ..	*	out to	the Queen	Elizabeth. On my	til the huge craft landed at its base	over before	the King may retire.	In the brightest moonlight it is ai-
and Homer; and another declares that Th.18 ,s the reRSOn why.?f)y on	to	return	two hours	later, the man was	with the information for which it had	When his	Majesty is away from	most impossible to see an aeroplane
ïssr b~l-1	r0"'d	sittl stz M *t«. ssaarïssr*.
The boxing enthusiasts I have al-	ARTIFICIAL LEATHER.	to be signed. Wherever he goes he is put of high explosives has more than
ready mentioned spend every sv.il-	- the Sovereign of the Realm, and the met our own demands, enabled us to
able hour in training. I have seen Manufacture of Substitutes Has heavy responsibilities that devolve build up large stocks, and supply our
Mid' v"“ s’rtd“ °’ u“	",'.h	» 1» hu s.„. ..«O	,„d i*w
and volumes on the war. Its conduct’.!	bo* J .	.	.	.	-«--- gradient of the substitutes is cotton. King George V. has never sought to If we had paid the same price for
causes and so on are keenly read and . ,The **nd box ,e a 7ery anc‘e"t con*	According to the Textile Journal, the	become the Instructor of generals in	gun ammunition in 1917 as in 1916,
enloved- while French books of all trlvance:	It somewhat resembles	a	TRENCH FEVER AND SHOCK.	base is a roll of cotton cloth, varying	war tactics,	of statesmen in politics,	the increase in cost would have been
sortjiuivee very 1erg# foHowing.	pepper .^°x’	ha8 ahconcave,	- from thin muslin to drills and even , of painUrl in .rt, and of scholar. In £43,000,
Whvn the sand has l>*on sprinkled Two of the Wars Most Difficult Medt- heavier materials. The cotton cloth learning. It is not the British way. Excluding officers, non-commission-
over a fi e lily written page to dry thn	Problems.	is covered with a paste that varies in	x S]0	ed officers, and invalids, there are in
be said that sand does the work a	this war has presented to medical a ve thln c.llulold dressing, and	pH,bed dur*ng th* war. may. 8e.e™ Only 686,000 ton. of paper reached
whole lot better than much of the	science, according to a report issued Phen th, artlflciel leather js complet-	sn'alL B“t’ “.the .Pr,me Mln,stfr England In 1917, as against 1,798,000
SgrvvzsrfsJiurz 1:,sui:	z î£ - '«
The sand box went out of use at ed from France as early as 1915, and	. t th fourtha of it.	?	"*	.So great was the demand for the
about the same time as the quill pen. the disease has been continually f the ootton Some of the articles	TRAIN HAD A MOSQlTE. recently issued bulletin on Potato Gulin old times, for the purpose, there studied ever since, but the organism . - artificial leather are belts	- tivation, written and edited by the Do-
Her broken wheels are sagging, was a special demand for a fine black which causes it has not been discov- gujt caaeg	giipperB pocket- Gefman	H >,y ^ailroed NNae minion Horticulturist, that a popular
They stand and gather dust,	sand of uniform grain that came from	ered, nor has any drug been	found	bookg •' handle*, suspmiler	ends Flnanccd Turkish (.ovemment	| edition of 16 pages has beeit prepared
There isn’t an inch of all her length	Lake Georgia, in New York State.	for its successful treatment.	The	afid R’imilar trimmings toilet	rolls The Hedjaz Railway, recently cap-	and can be had free by addressing the
Excellent blotters are made of a American army doctors believe that fanpy leather good8 ami 8Weatbands tured by General Allenby, was plan- Publications Branch, Department of But she seems to guard her memories porous kind of stone formed of sedi-	they have definitely established that for hatf It $fl alf0 uged ln bookbind-	ned by Abdul Hamid and constructed Agriculture, Ottawa. As an aid to
With	a	fierce	and	wary glance,	ment deposited in hot springs of Mis-	trench fever is communicated by a ;. ghoe factû^es have taken it up	by German engineers. Its ostensible the potato grower, especially to the
And she’s proud of the very mud	she	souri. Very light in weight it soaks	body louse, a fact which has	been	for inner goles though substitutes	purpose as a “holy” railway for the	less experienced and the beginner, this
bears	up ink more readily than any bibulous	repeatedly suspected by the British	for t leather and most other	shoe	conveyance of pilgrims to Medina and	bulletin, which is numbered 90, should
From the fighting fields of France. paper. In fact, such mineral blot- investigators also.	! leather are still in the experimental Mecca was proclaimed all over the prove invaluable. In plain, terse lan-
tere do the work so well that it is The fact that the disease is grow- gt But the Iargest ugc is found Mohammedan world, and huge sums guage practically all that It is neces-¦urprising they have not come into mg more prevalent, and is spreading jn automobile factories and cheap fur- were sent to Abdul Hamid towards its sary to know is told about the prepar-
fronJ the inches to the back areas, i niture fartorieF for upho!stery. The	cost by Moslems of all nationalities, ation of the soil, the subsequent
is a so noted in the report. Jhe congumption of ieather substitutes	The officials of the Turkish Govern- planting and cultivation of the potato,
original cases were all among troops ^ gQ far been chiefly domestic, but	ment were compelled to contribute the protection from insect and dis.	^	„ ,	..,in the trei?chf8’ but the dl" 1 exports are increasing. Although the their quota by means of an annual 10 eases and the digging and storing. A
An old Irish lady thought she would now prevalent on various lines of (	* gcarcity 0f leather has no per cent, levy on their salaries while list is given of varieties recommend-
like to know what the probable ex communication and at the bases. Even '	, d to ote the industry, it was being built. Only Mohamme- ed for different districts in every pro-
pen,e of her funeral would be, as she ho.pita orderlies and nurses are oc- ^ ^ ^ of ^ subetitute ia tend- d.n. were permitted to work on the vine.
. 1 \r!d"geh	an4 *****	ing to expand the use of it. Leather|sections within tfie sacred zones of
Ten pounds,” replied the funeral aem(nation of the disease comes m®n started to spell psalm with a p	Brightening a Dingy Rug	ei co d weather and ®hede ln hot
furnisher.	down to a control of the human car why didn’t he scratch it out and start	* ,	7	*	weather
‘«Ten pounds!” said the old lady. Mere, and is probably an easier task, over?”	'	After a rug has been well cleaned plant on the side toward the prevail-
“Th-thank you, I’d rather walk.” The commlseion recommends energetic	-•- and an if it still remains dul and ng winds, and ana * i\e r*** 111
action in the direction of greater per- Spray with the wind (or when there dingy, go over it with a cloth wrung groupe of mixed species. Have eev son1 cleanliness, which aril! also con- is no wind). When the wind changes, lightly out of strong vinegar and hot eral rows of trees, including ever-tribute greatly to the general com- spray the other side of the trees. Don’t water. A spoonful of ammonia will greens, to abut off the wind as comfort and health of the troops.	attempt to spray against the wind. help the brightening effect.	! pletely as possible.
GENERAL SURVEY OF 1917 WAR
ACTIVITIES.
IN
GREAT BRITAIN
TISH SAILOR.
HOSPITALS.
The Soldier Like# a Yarn That Take# Him Away” From the Discomfort* of Warfare.
tatiously Carried Out by the King Daily.
Ing Details
Britain loaned £1,186,000,000 to hel
1917, and
over
in a year.
There are 7,500,000 men in the British Armies.
Only one ship in 200 of convoyed vessels has been lost.
The German submarine has a surface speed up to 18 knots, and a submerged speed of 10 to 11 knots. She carries from 16 to 20 torpedoes; she can travel 100 miles completely submerged ; and she can remain under water, sitting on the bottom, up to 48 hours.
The range of a German torpedo is 6 miles, and the speed 40 knots.
Since the beginning of the war the Admiralty believe that between 40 and 60 per cent, of German submarine» operating in home waters have been captured, sunk, or otherwise destroy-
These last until luncheon,
of soldiers,” says one of them, “ought to go like a moving picture all through”; and the call for these “quick-action stories,” full of plot and sensational incidents, is almost universal.
That is why Jack London’s and Nat Gould’s books are in such big demand. Nat Gould, in fact, head# the list of Tommy’s favorite authors, with Jack London as a close second, and a big gulf between the two of their
Rudyard Kipling,
concern
Simple and Unassuming

ed
nearest rivals
Hi
sea
anes. These figures
rj
six times from cover to cover in the Flanders firing-line.	,
In all the war zones, too, there is a constant demand for scientific books, volumes on mathematics; engineering, banking, different European languages -r-in fact, on almost every conceivable subject which young men require for their future career when peace comes âgain.
Modern poetry, too, is in surprising
BLOTTERS
Various Means of Drying Ink on the
Written Page.
Even Allies
OH

An old French Seventy-Five.
She doesn’t look so deadly,
The famous “Seventy-five”;
You’d hardly dream of her pomp and power.
Or the force of her fearful drive; She's slim and battered and weary,
. Her guards and gears are bent,
And she lies like a wounded lion Whose hunting days are spent.
But is caked with dirt and rust;
A savage thing you call her, deadly “Seventy-five”?
Ah, yes, but the hand that loosed her
The
more common use
bolts
She d Walk
Was holding Francs aliveÎ And what if her force had failed her, Her fires withheld their breath ?
The walls of freedom, the gates of hope, i
Had all crashed down to death

Hats off to the old Defender,
The famous “Seventy-five”!
Rets off to the soul behind her,
The hand that let her drivel Outworn she lie*, and shattered,
But she had her splendid chance, And she did her beet for you and me On the fighting line of France.
In planning windbreaks
K^p» box of Lifted sofl, sharp and leaf mould rubbed tip fine for use
I* drills In seed sowing end genuine “There Is nothing the body suffers tkm will bo Tory much botter, partieu-, that the soul may not profit by *?erl>' In heavy soit	| Georgs Meredito
###PAGE###8###
BUGGIES !
BUGGIES !
i
i
île Slaw# Boot aid Sloe Store
hêrà
U m

/
, *'*
I ha Vf just received a car load of Buggies, and now is the time to make your selection. Call and see them.
m
What Leather Means To a World at War

¦V
l
!¦
ri
%
*¦ "x


i


I

J. L. HOI>01 NS
Shawvii u
?
m

has since been proven. If ever there was a time that a shoe should be made to yield up to the last atom of its usefulness, that time is with us NOW.
Scarcity of leather, combined with high prices of other materials, make it necessary for us to handle shoes which go farthest, endure longest—as such we recommend
.

I "

INSURANCE
-A'

A
v
2
AT THE LOWEST HATES IN HIE OLDEST AND BEST
COMPANIES.
Replace Your Buggy
With a Ford
No charge for Policy Fee.
Cal or xvrite for Rates and Particulars.
E. PARIS, INSURANCE AGENT,
QUEBEC
The William’s Shoe
1
!
BRECKENRIDQE
For Men, Boys, Youths, and
Little Gentlemen
Vote of Thanks
ORE than 100,000 Fords are owned by people in Canada in preference to the old horse-drawn buggy and other makes of cars.
Your neighbors, and farmers in every section of the Dominion are abandoning their old buggies—selling their driving horses and buying Fords.
Ford cars are utility cars. They are built to endure the strain of constant daily use over rough roads.
These are the tests every farmer gives Ms car. The Ford meets them in a satisfactory manner. It is the farmer’s car, so why not replace your horse-and buggy with a Ford?	•
M
At the last regular session of the School Beard of Thorne it was moved and seconded by Comr# Thos. Smith and Fred. Bretzlaff—
" That a vote of thanks lx* tendered to Mr. John Gronau, the retiring Secretary, for the able and efficient services rendered by him to the School Board and the public in general during his term of office as Sev.-Treas. of the School Municipality of Thorne
ried unanimously.
Thos. J. MvKkk,
See.-Tr vas
The long life of them is not due to chance, but to the quality of the materials that are used in the making of them, combined with high-class shoe-making, so that users get out of them the best bit of good.
Car
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
Fnas. Dale,
Chairman
In Memoria
Pictures of home folk* carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a >'*Wier. Make an apmuntment to-day.
Local and District.
In loving memory of Me. W. George
who fell in art ion "it May
I
Wilson, 3rd. 101?
: f!75
Coupe • - $770 Sedan ¦ • • $970 Chassis . - $535
THE UNIVERSAL CAR One-tonTruck $750
F. 0. B. FORD, ONT.
Runabout i Touring • -
Oh, for a re-kindling of the perpetual fires of the Montezuma**, when mutches might be dispensed with.
Mr. Thomas Leahy, of Allumette Island, was a heavy loser by tire on the 2Sth, when all his out buildings and several head of cattle were burned.
The Shaw ville Homemakers enjoyed an interesting evening last
Friday at the home of Mrs. W. J. Dagg, on which occasion the entertainer for the meeting was Mrs. N. V. Macfiulane. the official demon stmt or for the H. M. Clubs, Thi< lady gave a very instructive address on matters of particular interest to the householder at this time, when so much is required in the way of economy and thrift.
Mr. D. R. Barry, K C, of Camp
bells Bay, has been appointed Registrar for the District ot Pontiac, in connection with the man and women power registration of the citizens of Canada, which is to be taken next month. The registration will be conducted something after the fashion of an election, presided over by deputy-registrars in all the polling subdivisions.
Attempted Suicide — Kdward
Thomas Brown, alias Edgar Belanger, of Quebec, who was employed at Mr. Win. La belle's, Waltham, attempted suicide on Sunday morning, April 2Sth, after he had done up the chores for the day, by taking a dose of carbolic acid and aconite. When the man's condition was observed first aid antedotes were immediately administered doctor was sent foi the latter arrived, Belanger was out of danger. Disappointment in love matters is said to have been the cause for his attempt at selfdestruction.
H. IM ISON,
Artist in Portraiture
95
lie inarched a way so bravely, His young head proudly held,
His footsteps never faltered, lbs courage never failed.
When on the field of battle He calmly took his place ;
He fought and died for country And the honor of his race. Contributed by —
Miss Yula B. Brown Miss E. A. Millikf.n
town, hearing of the affair, immediately organized and forced XVilner* t i
and give ot loyalty.
pologize to his son
lier proofs of his
Dealers - Shawville.
Shawville Motor Co.
COPENHAGEN
CHEWING TOBACCO
T
Copenhagen is used differently trvrr. ordinary chewing tobacco Take a onail p;nch, for a start, and put it between the lower lip and gum, in the centre
Afterwards you can increase the
of thç jwMfc 12 9j?ii strength or the cnew you desire.
Copenhagen is stror*, because the tobacco otf which it is made is cut nto fine grains which makes it impart its strength thorough y and quickly.
Hence a littTe "pinch long way, showing that Copenhagen ;s not only an un usually economical chew, but aIwo one of the finest quality, being made of the best, old, rich, high-flavored tobacco.
MASSEY-HARRIS
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
When you require Printing
call at
I
size
THE EQUITY OFFICE
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
I
where work is done neatly and at moderate prices.
I
goes a
Pontiac’s Only] Newspaper.
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Call and have a talk with us
Court of King s Bench
Bryson, Que., May 1 -"Topsy Frost, who threatened to kill Arthur Gillies, was sentenced yesterday to «serve five years in St. Vincent De Paul ; penitentiary. Mr. Justice Weir also sentenced the accused to sj>end five years for the admitted crime of arson. The sentences will mu concurrently.
R. Ouellette, who was convicted of intending to do grievous bodily harm to Earle Doxve. will have to serve a sentence of two years in the * penitentiary. In the case of Adclard Doiissault, found guilty of sending threatening letters and valentines to Notai y Ovila Beauchamps, o\ Guignes, the sentence was two years in the penitentiary.
The three prisoners will be taken to Montieal before the end of the Week.
Rain Coats
and meanwhile a
but before
The rainy season is about to begin. Are you prepared for it with a Rain Coat to keep you dry ?
A stitch in time saves nine, may be an old saying, but very true. We refer this to our rain coats. With a Dover Rain Coat you are protected from spoiling your good clothes and catching colds and by having one you are taking no chances on either of the above.
You will like the coats we are showing in Paramattas, Gabardines, Tweeds, and Poplins for both men and ladies. The pricee are very reasonable, from $5.00 to $18.00.
Drop in soon and look over the range. We assure you it is a pleasure to ehow them and know you will enjoy looking them overWill you call soon ?
R. J. HAMILTON
Office and Warerooms
QUYON
SHAWVILLE.
HAMILTON BLOCK
The Ladies* Guild ot the Church of St. John the Evangelist held their first meeting for this season in the Parsonage on Thursday afternoon. May 2nd. The following officers were elected President— Mrs. Naugh ton ; Vice-President—Mrs Buck ; Secretary Treasurer—Mrs. Hector Bronson.
Fourteen members were present and enjoyed a very pleasant afternoon,—Com.
Bryson, Que., May 2.— Five minutes after a jury had found her not guilty of the killing of a youth, Baptiste Lavoie, near Green Lake, in Pontiac County, in October last. Victor!ne Latour, a French-Canadian girl of 22, was married in the court room to Louis Chaussie, an Indian, with whom she had associated before A note from our friend G. A. her arrest. Rev. Father Kimpton,
Howard, who, as our readers are ot X mton, Que., performed the aware, is out at Giiwan, Sask., aid- ceremony in iront of the judge s ing in production this Spring, dms, and the marriage register speaks in high terms of that parti- xyas Hgned by Crown At turne\ eular district, and says that the Gaboury and A. McDonald, the farmers w ho had their land ready Kii'l # counsel. Justice XXeir, oi last fall were practically finished Montreal, who presided at the seeding. Alf adu< that labor trial, added hii benediction to the is cheaper there and more easily priest s, and presented the couple procured than in the Fast. He with a sum of money to help them encloses the following clipping m their new life. ...	.
from the Cr&ik News which shows X lcfconne Latour had been out how the Westerners deal with hunting with Lavoie, a youth of aliens who are disposed to act in- L, snd was the only one near when
(ii-ercetlr •	he met his I.nth. She deem mi	, » ,
“At Davidson Tuesday night a La voie had accidentally shot him-1 Proceeds in aid of Parsonage Fund of the Methodist church Portage
mob of sixty men went to the self, but the coroner a jury deeid home of Henry Wilners, a Ger- ed the wound which caused La
mon, and made him kiss the Union ,	c*°u^ not P?vv , eD
Jack and give #100 to the military j*elf-inflicted or even accidental.
Y M. C. A. Wilner s son recently The jury which acquitted her oined the army and on returning was out only a few minuses, arôme and telling his father he had giving at its verdict without leav-enlisted, the father ordered him mg the court room on the ltietrue-
The men of the tkms of the judge
A PLAY - CONCERT
(The New Crusade)
l)y twelve ladies of the Methodist church, Shawville,
— Will be held in the —
Town Hall, Portage du Fort
Friday, May 17% 8 p. m.
Thank you.
Good music between acts
Everyone should see it
Admission : 25c. and 15c.
ARCHIE DOVER
é
Tickets can be had from the friends of Austin and Portage.
off the place

