###PAGE###1###
O
No. 8, 37th Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
AUGUST 15, 1918
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
r
THE
BANK
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Sending Money to Soldiers
Capital paid up - $4,000,000 Rest -
OF
Those who have friends or relatives at the front, may wish to send money, but possibly do not know the best way to do so.
If time permits, the safest and most convenient method of making remittances abroad is the Bank Money Order or Draft, as issued by The Merchants Bank.
If, however, it is necessary to send money without delay, the Bank will arrange this by Cable Transfer.
4,750,000
Paint Bargains
OTTAWA
IJ
04 Brunches In Canada

There is a universal call for saving NOW. Start a Savings Account at any Branch
with a Dollar or more.
In theso days of high paint prices you do not
expect to find many bargains, but we have a genuine one to offer
3
17
A HEAL SNA I
House, wall and floor paints, in quarts and
half gals, being odds and ends of discontinued lines, which we have decided to clear out at
TH€ MERCHANTS DANK
Fort Coulongk Branch Campbells Bay Branch Shawvillh Branch,
W. W. Mm HELL, Acting Mgr R. Leokr Manager. ,
A. H. Mulhkrn, Manager, Portage DU Foht SduOu i. e, Open Monday and Thursday, Bristol Corners Sub Office, Open Wednesday and Friday.
Mud Office: Montreal OF CANADA
SHAWV1LLE BRANCH, .... QUYON BRANCH. •
CAMPBELL S BAY BRANCH.
BRISTOL BRANCH, .
Established J 864.
W. F. DRUM, Manager A. A. REID, Manager D. L. WILLSON Manager C. E. SHAW, Manager.
35c. to 50c. per quart

good for inside or outside use. The same quality is selling today at 85c. to $1.10.
This is a real snap, and I expect will be
quickly picked up. If you have any painting to do act promptly.
Business notices. oil this paire 8 cents per line.
PERSONAL MENTION
Ming Fraser, of Pembroke, is the guest of Miss Isobel M. Hennessy.
Miss Annie McGuire, of Ottawa, is visiting relatives in town.
Miss Marjorie Lester, of Ottawa, is visiting Shawville relatives this week.
Miss Jessie Boland, of Russell, is. , 4	41
visiting her sister, Mrs. Thos. Our Instruction is Individual, and the
Kin.l!„y in town.	^m'aAhtieVt^t	J*" '
Miss Mary Foran, went to To- Our rules arc $10 per month ; do not
route on Monday to attend the 1 cfPl "*?"•. ...	....
M i inerv On.'iiimrw	More than 300 students from other local
"	/ x * ‘ , ,	M colleges have in the past joined our class
4MIss Jeail Masson, left Oil Mon- es. Names and addresses are available, day to spend her vacation at lier Students are assisted to position»,
home in Smiths Fall, Ont.	We are HEADQUARTERS for Short- r .9 * 8pedft1^ of preparing candidates
a r, «., w,f vis&E	siSSr»
held at the larsonage, Bristol Corners, in g their relatives in this vicinity.
Thursday, August 22nd. Admis
The work meeting of Shawville H. M. Club will be held at the home of Mrs. S. K. Hodgius, Thursday evening this week.
U ENRY’S SHORTHAND!
11 SCHOOL
Ottawa, Ont.
A BIG DRIVE
For SrhNojiRAPHKKs. For the past year the Civil Service Commission has been
J. H. SHAW.
scouring the country for competent stenographers. On Feb. lfl every Branch of the Service was placed under the Commission which means that the dc mands are now doubled.
Young Men, Are you going West for the harvest ? If so, remember we have a full line of Suit Cases ami Bags. Prices always the lowest.
Canadian Food Board License Number
8 4503
P. E. Smiley
COWLING
Pictures of home folks carry warmth and comfort to the heart of a soldier. Make an appointment to-day.
OTTAWA, ONT
H. IMISON, Artist in Portraiture
W. A. HODGINS
W E.Gowling, H.G. W, Braithwait President
D. E. HENRY. President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
on
i •.,	, ,	Misses Maye and Hester Hod
8ion 26 cent* ; children under 10 years gma visited the Capital on Satur 10 cents, including supper. Gates open day.
Principal
SHAWVILLE
...	... ....	. .	. .	I if you want a complete single
Miss 1 lumps and her friend Miss driving outfit apply to R. W. Hod-Delnronde, of Ottawa, spent Suif 1 '
day at the rectory.	r. , _	1
jxszasztti&'T»
Mrs. Thos. Shore and Miss Mar- ,	fesnion.
guerite Hedging left on Saturday Gillies Hi os., Limited of Brae- Machinist» are trained by practical to visit Manotick friends.	side, have work for a few able ”*.?,*.ntiJt** ' °vlors doctors, dentist*
Mr. and Mrs. N. Brownlee, of *n /	W inill nr linnEvr The	seccese of the Graduates
Ottawa, were among the city L?11 * Good wages. Steady work. ; of Wiiihpfcollege it that they are the only
visitors to Shawville on the 5th * none or write William Douglas, oncei trained by expert, experienced office jnst	Superintendent.	| worker# for expert office work.	¦
Mrs. R. D. Finmga n, of Ottawa, Twenty-two sacks of La ton ; couutant, we have the best courses avail is visiting her son Edmond, ae- catalogues were unloaded at the ableahywherel	¦
Kist:1 by -- Ml" a. %	sj
Gr. Parley Dagg, of Petawawa, ^V1 otller ?1>)lf>8vd,X well-worn Willis Graduate”	'	¦
is spending a few holidays with volumes are likely to be neglected	N. I. HARRISON.
~d w j. farjjWhlKMkml., thl, l„«„, W]LL„ Cou_,
.	_	. y q. ,	... Gr. Abb Brownlee, of Petawawa, The Eqcity regrets to rei>ort ic^Lbunfs&!?msl’ <nl,an^"L belwitn
JjAWn Social.—A Lawn Social will spent a few da vs with his sister, that Mr. XV. A. Hodgins is con-be held at the home ot Mrs. R. Grant, Mrs. H. S. Hodgins and ocher re- hned to his residence with typhoid Chart eng, on Friday evening, Aug. 16, latives here last week.	fever, which attacked him about a
in aid of the Charted* Soldier*' Aid Mrs Jos Alexander fu.nilv week ago	I ¦
and Comfort Club. An autograph quilt have been visiting for the nast <,1on (>f Mr. Frank Morrigon, is also will be sold during the evening. two wwk” a tin? sister's, tirs <loW11 "iththedi-ea-e. Trained Ice cream and cake will be served. Mr. Edward ITagg's	muses are m attendance in both
W. F. Watson, returned soldier, will give a patriotic address on “ My Experience* at the Front.” Admission 25c.
All welcome.
EXPERIENCE
The Murrell H. M. Club will meet at the home of Mrs. John Smiley on Wednesday, Aug. 21st, at 7 o'clock, p. iu. Program A reading by Mrs. McGuire.
An Ice Cream Social, in aid of Red Cross, will be held in the Templars' Hall on Friday, Aug. 16th, by the Austin Homemakers* Club. Doors <>i>eii at 8 o'clock, p. m. Admission 10 and 15 cents. Come and enjoy a good program.
The Equity has received a copy of Renfrew Fair prize list (Sept. 18,19,20). which reflects much credit upon the Mercury office, from which it was issued. Neat in design, clean printing and excellent paper, all combine to make the book attractive.
gins
vs
EXPERIMENT
OVERALLS
Tl]is weel{ we wist) to draw your attention to our Overall Values :

Peabody’s
A position for every Wills Graduates
The best and biggest Overall made,
blue stripe or black, pair
$2.75
Laurence Morrison
Brown Optical
COMPANY, LIMITED
EYES EXAMINED
NO DRUGS USED
QUALITY GLASSES
GROUND AND FITTED MODERATE COST
Iron Duke
cases
Mrs. H. S. Hodgins and children. spent the week-end at Green Lake,	w 11 AT s XV rong ?—Thk Equity
guests of Mr. and Mrs. J. XV |is informed that practically no inK ides

2.00
Heavy blue stripe, stiff denim
terest is being taken by the far
* aw I__________________________________________________________
*	Elcony Mayhew, of Renfrew, visit- been realized, and the Fair is only	cutter. 2 robes. *iogle harness and	horse
--——	ed Shawville friends on Sunday, a month distant-(Sept. 16,17,18).	Apply to R. W. Hodqiks, Shawville
A Fair Warning.—During the Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Hodgins, Little time remains to those who -—---
past week the newspapers through- Mrs, L. Armstrong, Miss Louila raRy be thinking of entering the FOR SALE—Chevrolet Car, 1918 model out Canada published a proclama- Armstrong, and E. Workman competition for the substantial ,n good condition-has run lea* than tion issued by the Government, motored to Pembroke Sunday Pr,ze#5*°”eretk ^ Î® patriotic to 2500 mile*. Apply at once to G. A. How which deals with the case of men afternoon, via La Passe.	contribute to the success of your akd, Shawville.
who have failed to report for duty Miss Irene Shaw, who has spent I*?/7»^ ; everything helps, and
H3SÆKE SaasySSFSwSîs iSHSffisBw
bor, conceal or assist deserters, daughter, Miss VVinnifred, of Ot- At Balsam Ridge Farm, Aug. 4th, will	also be	held	strictly to ac tawa, are at present visiting Mr. to Mr, and Mrs. W. G. Fleming, of
count.	Wilson s sisters, the Misses Mary i Burwash, Ont., a sun.
The proclamation affects a large And Lizzie XV ilson, in town. __	—————
number of men throughout the Mr. and Mrs. Hodge, Mr. R.	Death*
country, and if it is not given heed | Somerby, inspector of standing	-
msm
Le. T i.'ïïîî1 , Y\uut	western points.	e •	I Murrell section, and later on the | XV hat is claimed by dealers to
?	Y^	of tht‘young farmers	now owned by Mr. Lawn. Back	steers that was ever hauled over
Jgg”1,1 f.?iti.!,,.	. ** !!* in	?% 1 11Hi ^ Don, who were called to	in the seventies and early eighties	the Pontiac railway, was shipped
“vv t\ n! tV J/xiiiVf .rx	the colors a tew	ago, arriw he was actively engaged in the here on Saturday by Messrs. Sulli-
,1(>w	Î ,,at 1 ! Military	authmitu s	(Hi home Saturday evening on six	lumber business, which he retired	van & Hamilton. There were 221	|||
are willing to compromise matter-	weeks leave, to assist with the	from several years before bis re-	in the lot, averaging about 1400	II
wlth them.	I harvest. -	J m0val to Alberta.	j lbs each.	| |
online in
Twenty*#ve members of Shaw ville O. Y
Star Brand
552 St Catherine West
Good quality black denim, pair Smock to match, each
$2.00
2.00
UPTOWN 4982
Nca«- Stanley St
MONTREAL, QUE.
Railroad
A union made Overall of blue stripe, stiff denim |.75 Smock to match, each
2.00
Khaki Duck Pants
2.00
Only a few pairs left, extra value at, pair
F
FOR SALE—Square Chlckering Piano, in good condition—a bargain at #100.00. Apply 406 McLaren St., Ottawa. ’Phone
Birins
72
RAINCOATS
a son
WANTED—A young girl to take care care qf boy 4 years old, willing to go to New York for winter. Good wages. Apply to Mrs. S. A. Mackay, Portage du Fort, Que.
We have some Raincoats priced from $7.00 to $12.00
To clear we offer them at 15 p. c.
discount.
WANTED—At once—girl to do general houae work. Apply to Mrs. J. fct Bodging. Shawville.
to
MONEY FOUND—In Wm. McDowell a berry patch on July 20th, a sum of money. Owner may have same at Wm. Chi*nell\ by describing property and paying for this notice. ,
W. A. HODGINS
Canadian Food Board License Number
8-3551
###PAGE###2###
Cream Wanted
When the War Will End
FIGHTING ESKIMOS
FISHERS’ SUPERSTITIONS.
I Absolute knowledge, I have none, Sturdy But my aunt'* washerwoman's mon, Heard a poll reman on hie heat,
Bay to a laborer on the street
-Haul the trawl, my lads; well Much ham been written about the That he bad a letter Just last Week g have to try new grounds. He's swept physical deterioration of the Alaskan ^rmen jn the lines Greek,
Eskimos nnd the prospect that their ypotn a Chinese in Timbuctoo,
become extinct, but who said that the negroes in Cuba
Economy !
market for creiun all We pay the H1GHB8T
In the
• year
e^uMTS,
market pries. Our plant le right up-to-date. In bufilneae since 1106. Drop ur a poet ear d for particulars.	v
The Tribea of Alaska are a
ami Healthy Race.
Omens That Daunt the Gallant Traw lers of the Old Land.
I!

i
all the Msh out of these waters So crl< !	' pjmt. and	the nets	raci wi ! I oon
ere hauled aboard, and away	we steam	these observations	are	not	in	accord	knew
to try our luck elsewhere, simply be-	with present-day facts.	of a	colored man	n	a	Texas town
cause one of the deckhands	has used	| The Eskimos of	that	Arctic	terri-	who	go( j,	8t might	from
«	i clear tin-deck of uae tory (nose numbering about i ^
Menu of ghovelllag it overboard. No are holding their own immcrcially. That n man In the Klondike heard the mutter how good the catches luivo and their condition, social and eco-t . . - skipper will waste time long nomic. ha^ been so greatly improved
er in a locality which lias had Its i within recent years that before long I About Somebody In Borneo
1 they are likely to show an Increase in who knew a man who claimed to know
Of a swell society female fake
Kftcellent Training
Harold, the only son of a wealthy widowed mother, waa selected for service by hie local board and duly arrived at the camp where he was to receive Instructions in the manly art of warfare. Imagine hie surprise and chagrin when he was detailed to what is known as K. P. duty. In this he became quite proficient, however, aathe following quotation from hie letter shows:
"Dear Mothr, I put in this entire day washing dishes, sweeping floors, making beds and peeling potatoes. When I get home from this camp III make some girl a mighty fine wife.1*


a circus
clown,
news
gang of South African Jews,
Is not only the most economical on account of its great strength but you have the refreshing a delicious qualities as well.	0439
In Sealed Metal Packets.
In this fashion
“luck swept away
All sailors #re superstitious, but the census returns	II HRHHI HH|	III
none is so completely under this In- j Theirs seems to be a ease of the I Whose mother-in-law will undertake fluence as the old deep-sea fisherman, survival of the fittest. For, accord- To prove that her seventh's husband s Ho puts the deepest faith in “signs** |nfr to tradition, the Cape Eskimos of	sister’s niece
and omens of all kinds. Nothing long ago were fighters, constantly Had stated In a printed piece, . would induce a skipper of the old	waging war with their neighbors, and	That	she had	a	son	who	had	a	friend
school to sail on a Friday. One 1 litre-	welcoming to their band tough char- j who	knows when	the war	is	going	to
pid unbeliever who dared to leave the	acters and outlaws from other places
docks at Grimsby on a Good Friday near and far.
was hooted through the lock gates by They seem to have flourished long Which Show * the Attitude of Our Sou hern Neighbor At the Beginning of ! the lallied populace. In spite of hvt Columbus landed in Amoru the War, and How the Republic’s	Noblest Sons and Daughters	thus challenging the fates, fiowever,	and. in regard to their warlike his-
Rose to the	Occasion.	ho returned safely with ship and crew,	tory, archeologists are not obliged to
If a man’s hat blew overboard while rely wholly upon their own more or CHAPTER I.	down on Doc Bacon. He’s a real leaving port, many skippers would less hazy legends for information.
Wide streets with old elms and	fellow. Nice practice	and all that,	turn	back and delay sailing	until the	Deep in the ancient glacier -a river
waple <; big. roomy homes set in ram-	We’ve got to watch	out, Annie.'	next	day. It was an omen that one of	0f ice that never molts—have been
hting yards; gardens, where flowers Marjie isn't a child any more.”	the crew would be lost over the side found, under the accumulated debris
tie with good things to eat; prosper- f8* ^ann down her lave. i during the trip. This sign, however, 0f many centuries, quantities of their Dus business houses grouped about an * (. rane and Marjie are playmates became discredited, as wily deck- weapons of waf, proving that long Imposing white stone courthouse; a aml l*\al ai(- 11 1 *n 1 fair !° con?"l hands, desirous of another day ashore ag0 the Cape fighting man b«d the
friendly hands: this is Clinton.	f “Mother, there isn’t a man in town To speak of pigs aboard a fishing himself in any company. He laid the
A youth, just turned into a legal	who wants Crane for	a son-in-law.	trawler Is fatal to success	for that	foundation of a sturdy and healthy
man. sat at the window >f his father’s	He’s Fred Chapman’s	son and I’ve	trip.	Poor catches and split	and torn	race. Constant warfare and the rig-
law office and looked out across the known b red ( hapman since we we*7* trawls wju he the inevitable cone^ orous climate (in which only the con-town to the tops of trees beyond a knee-high to ducks but 1 haven t much quence9< similar misfortunes will re- stitutionally sound can survive) elim-country road. Then he closed the us? fov H boy who s content to H‘ rf“„'|a ult from taking off a hatch coer and inated the unfit, and his posterity to-
^
to one of the maple-shaded thorough- lows* plans. Ne never does enough bad weather. To kill a kitty, as | Like the other Eskimos (though fares, stopped at the gate of a house t° ruffle his own temper. He doesn’t the fishermen call the smaller kind ies8 willingly) they are absorbing the and gave a friendlv whistle.	do anything. I’d rather a son of of Feagulls that follow in the wake of elements of civilization
A girl, reading in her sunny room, ™ine **uld sP’11 a fwe.w l>cans now and the trawlers, Is a most dangerous act, jumped to her feet and, book in hand, tho?ira., ?° 8omethin£-	liable	to Imperil the safety of the ship while clinging to many of their old
ran out to the upper verandah. The ‘% ell, there s enough to worry lt8e|f	beliefs and custom»—as, for example,
youth thrust his hands in his pockets about without crossing J™**8- if a man Is 111 at sea. his moat in their method of disposing of the
353= crLe-	sss rsjsi ^ r : jsüsrjrvs rsvs
“T<* the country ?”	Marjorie were the only% two people in the sighting of land, he will recover. lofty mountain that marks (ape
“Yeh.”	the world of Clinton who refused to On some trawlers whistling Is forbid- Prince of Wales, just as were those
“Sure thing."	treat him seriously. As president of den it scares away the fish. Other 0f their ancestors hundreds and pro-
Two minutes later the girl, her soft Clinton's leading bank he occupied the skippers believe that to wash your bably thousands of years ago. hair fluttering about her face, her eyes financial throne of the town. His fave in the middle of a trip will break alight with the joy of life, clattered word was law in the city council and a byen 0f calm weather.	/
down the stairs and thrusting her la the affairs of the school where long head in at the open door of a room he had served as president of the
eesaiE
animal to bank on. I’m not so
an
Ask your Grocer.
H is G reat Decision
end

H$
m
is BeautyWi% in ft/ery \ "
% A
By Edith Brown Kirkwood


X
fi
beauty (n cvtsv^i
Nram'sMilkwd
I
gSSÉâs
P^yitAWAisom®
RCDEHiCHr |N0R^M ^ I
flic*4
They are accepting the Christian religion,
****** (
even
Ingnûm’s
MüKwêed Créant
It Has To Be
The Pessimist—I do hope the war will be over this year.
The Optimist—’Ope? It’s Minkin* well got ter be. I’ve written to Margate an’ booked my diggin’s for the summer ’olidays.
Two Sizes—50c and $1
HOW SHE REACHED INDIA
touch of Ingram s Velveola Souveraine Face Powder, 50c. Italsoconcealstheminorblem-ishcs. Included in thecompletc line of Ingram’s toilet product* at your druggist’s is Ingram’s ëodenta for the teeth, 25c.
A Picture
with Each Purchase —
Each time yon buy a package of Ingram's Toilet Aide or Perfume your druggist will give you, without charge, a large portrait of a world-famed motion picture actress. Each time you get a different portrait so you make a collection for your home. Ask your druggist
F. F. Ingram Co., Windsor Ontario
You arc young but once, but yôu can be youthful always if you care for your complexion properly. Daily use of Ingram’s Milkweed Cream prevents blemishes,overcomes pimples and other eruptions. Since 1885 its distinctive therapeutic quality has been giving health to the skin and youthful color to the complexion. It keeps your skin toned up, soft and clean.
The refined way to banish oiliness and shininess of nose and forehead induced by perspiration, is to apply a light
British General’s Wife Hires Out With
Japanese Woman
Since the opening of the submarine campaign the British authorities have refused permits to women to travel abroad unless the journey has been absolutely necessary, says a London correspondent
One woman to whom had been refused a permit to rejoin her husband in India decided that she would go anyhow. At first she tried to get a job as a stewardess, bat found that she would have to sign for the return voyage as well.
Reading a newspaper one day she
the advertisement of a
dards ton Alberta, celebrated the sixteenth anniversary of its incorporation on July 1st.
joined him__________I I ¦
through his tousled hair as if to tip
the hat that never was worn.
As	step, swing-
ing, dancing step of those accustomed Mrg- Mann's tone. “What's the mat-to walking together, Crane said, "1 fer wjth you, to-day? Better get can’t study on a day like this. I sup- p)r Bacon to fix you up a good tonic pose the law’s a necessary evil and You’re blue. What’s the use worry there must be lawyers but	he jng about a war in Europe?	Let came across
about as good a lawyer as that goose Mr Mann did no answer. With his her little girl to Japan waddling off there. And your dal! gardening tools in his hands he went £he immediately answered the ad-Fay, the way you chum up to him is through the big double doors of the vertisement and threw herself on the great. Ho scares me pink. When sun porch and down the steps to rows mercy of the Japanese woman, telling he turns that dignified, behold-a-man 0f growing things.	her the facts and begging for the post
giance on me, I shrivel. Im more I çrane and Marjorie, returning two The Japanese woman agreed on the
«IfIP"» tb,	„,Kd'%% SSL	«-	5
you would! You d get spanked.	going ^ war in this (jay! Iv0ok here! weeks and then completed
“Oh. I don’t know! Maybe you The Record is sending across Ted her journey to India, where a think I couldn’t ?”	Speer, its best reporter. Remember British General was surprised one day
He put up a healthy-looking right him? Yeh old Speer’s son. Ted’s to find that a handsome nurse had ar-and drew the muscles out to their made good all right. Would I like to rived at his bungalow—his own wife I-*" "I guess that a in t so worse. ' g0 ? Peach of a correspondent I’d Oh, wow, look at that cardinal. Hid make! It takes me a week to write
you sec him? Catch his coat going R ]etter! Qh, you mean to fight?	French	Honor Two Queens.
S S|	œ
i h one of youth’s quick changes ’ Mn dearedt * Crane lifted his eyes Kine Arts, Pans. Queen Elizabeth of In interest, they	forgot all about the, and caught sight of a	garden	hat be-	Belgium is elected an associate mem-
K&iser and men	and sat waiting for	hind the rose bushes.	ber. King Albert's consort is an art-
a glint of scarlet against, the green o ,	<*No, j won’t come in.” He handed ist herself, and in happier times was
the trees or the blue of the sky.	the paper to Marjorie. “In fact I a generous and enlightened patron of
On the top-step of his front porch, think it’s time for me to be moving. arts
&SÏÏ:ÎIÏL.ft	.f
man. Then he	shook his head and	apart and cleaned it and	now	it’s as	to RCC€P* membership of t aca ?
entered the house. Mrs. Mann met	good as new.”	as a foreign correspondent. In the old
him at the door. “The bank smelled I 'Tm sorry—no.	Dr. Bacon's Royal Academy of Painting and
stuffy and I thought I’d browse about coming tso dinner.”	Sculpture, of which the Present acad-
the yard,” he explained. “I met “Aw—the mischief with Doc emy the continuation, there wage Marjie going off with Crane Chap- Bacon,” replied the youth, thrusting seventeen women members, including
"ft*7ÎS3,SltSSlmfctiA'S!*. r* MT *• ""br,“d
“Seems to me it might be better The girl watched him for a moment portrait painter. that young chap strolled to work and then turned toward the garden more often. I suppose if I were a /’Daddy!” she called, holding out lawyer like Fred Chapman I’d want j the paper. “Germany s declared
my son to be a lawyer, too, but by .war ’
1 when I set him to reading the “I know, Daughter. Bad buimess.J I'd keep him at it even if it “Think so?” was in mv own office.”	I "Hook* so to me
4 don't think Crane likes the law,” bad business.” explained Mrs. Mann quietly as she “Oh, well.jwe should worry! Its watched her husband slip out of his three thousand miles away.” bri Ilian tine office coat and roll his That night;at the dinner table two sleeves back over strong arms.	men discussed with some anxiety the
“Humph!” came the response. “I return of war and two women won-guess if it was simmered down, tak- dered at their concern, ing strolls in the country is about the j “There’ll be need of doctors,” added only thing Crane does like—except Dr. Cacon.	j
laughing-. He does that very well. “Would you go?” asked Mr. Mann,
Don't you think he and Marjie are to- recalling the words at the gate. | gather a good bit?”	\ “Would I go?” The young doctor
“I don’t think so,” Mrs. Mann ans- looked up in surprise. ‘‘Could I stay wered looking up quickly. “They've away if I were needed?” been brought up together and always Mr. Mann glnnced meaningly at have been friends. I don't see any- Marjorie but she was looking out of thing unusual in their being together the window where a»- automobile now.*	I chugged up the street.
“Maybe not, Annie, only sometimes	(To be continued.)
I wish Marjie’d stick to some real man for awhile
etoker budding a name for Marjie to
I don't want her to that doesn't stand for _
! wish she'd settle plough.
Nothing ktter is made
sur
i"
There was concern in

(83)
1©@%

»
f-Ar -
RACE
% IP1E£ wCi
JUTE'


6
p O ro«°
em on salted
Nothing better an be
arm fullest
ISRtAD MIXER
I
X
s


Cl
scare him.”

s,.r
pa
m

m
!

LM


ckw
rawSn
FS
ÊA
Goodness Sealed In
For Good
6
W K2.IJ 2)
T, WmgHT oo.
of preserve*
Air la the arch-enemy Keep It out and you keep m. Easy enough—if es and jar* with m*l
•ere
goodn
you seal the glass ted Pare wax.
Preserves bo sealed can't lose that delicious, freshly-picked quality. /
Parowax imparts no taste or odor to preserves, and completely bars out mold and fomentation. At your grocers or druggists—|n Inexpensive 1 lb. and Vt Id. cartons.
IMPERIAL OIL. LIMITED
S.	Brenehes In All CltlM.
the
e*e
Ilf Iff *
mini
inimieeiiiiin
ILHAMS ¦PIANOS

War's always
New
Settle
n
HB outward beauty that distinguishes a Williams Nsw Beals Plano Is an Indsx of Its Intrinsic
Idssfs are built
T
worth.
Into every ene of theee
Instrumente—
Ideate of craftemenshlp that make for the meet enduring quality.
Bungalow Model* ^$0,00
THE WIU1AES ruuio CO,
Canada's Oldest and L
LOOTED, OSHAWA, ONT.
reset Plane Makers
T’ve worked like a
Set me some great task, ye gods,
It 4
end I will show my spirit!' ‘Not so/ says the Good Heaven, ‘plod and H Emerson.
he proud of. add a name
IT iliilml
HIT
-


###PAGE###3###
ROBS KAISER OF RICH MARKET
The Greatest War in History
.‘ÿ’ox* t/fe
GIRLS
BOY
y
Tfxe ,Força Involved
Total
Ce»irai Powers 1,203,600 143,721,000 $I0S,000,000,000 ' 31,000,000 20,000.000
2.047.000
1.034.000
fÈS
AU
ENGLISH TRADE WAR ALARMS
GERMANY.
3I.3S7.3S3 1.340.661,000 $511,000,000,000 110,000.000 S3.000.000 7.000.000 S. 129.000
30.163.6S3 1,206,040,000 0406,000,000,000
55.000.	00v
33.000.	000 4,342,000
* S.160,000
The Cost in Dollars
106,000,000,000
.... 1,060,000,000
.... 21,000.000,000
Indirect Losses
)
fee#
• • • •
# # e
* • •

• • • •
f
'/
Wealth (1014)
<
<
Preferential Tariff* in Favor of Colonie* Will Pueh Teuton* Out of Wealthy Market*.
there ii nothing that .wallows up troubles or worries much quicker than
Sometimes the sounds»
Double TenZ
There', Somethin* th.t vexe, you,, g!ed JHB| H
I V L v 4L *	,	.	, a bird; sometimes a brook ; sometimes
n, . , 7,. Vhe flu:h °" yoUr cheekj a crackling ftre; at time, it i. mu»,c. But ju,t hold your temper a moment, Am)	it ta only a happy
And count double ten ere you speak
$134,000,000,000 1.050.000,000 36,000.000,000
$46,000,000,000
The following despatch grimly ludl-eaten that Germany at last Is beginning lo realize that the power of "a scrap of paper” may he a power as dlaaatroue as reverse on the battlefield.
14.000,000,000
e #
f
Just try it and see
Well, the money in the bank grew ' and grew. The beautiful brown wig. ' the naturally curly, brown /tfig, that Elizabeth had already priced, could now be bought! Elizabeth skipped to school with her money tied neatly in a fresh handkerchief to show to the
girls and boys. I . when afternoon came the wig would rest for all time on the head of her Mary Jane.
But when the morning exercises were over, a lady rose beside he principal, and said, ^Children, I have come
over hire to tell you about your lit- TURKEY AND THE GREEKS. while the Turk is a master in the art ! mountajn resorta tie sisters and brothers in Belgium.	_	of crime, he is incapable of developing
I have come to let you know how hun- «The g|ory t)iat was Greece and the any scientific system whereby a na- ! majority of foreigners touring Her
gry they are, how cold and how lost grftn(jeur that was Rome."	tion can be wiped out and totally many were Russians, and Germans be- fifth of the whole German export The
they are—lost not only from mother	, ruined.	| lieve the invasion from the East will diversion of German export into Aus-
and fathers but from homes and fronrij, Rome has not lost her grandeur, This WM Germany’s part of the milterially increase on account of re- tria Hungary, a poor country little apt The hair of Marv lane	who was	8,1 that they	once held dear. They	nor will she forfeit it, while the sons	^ and her advice to Turkey was	rent events, military and revolution-. for	consumption, ran	never substitute
Elizabeth’» favorite doll was fulllmr	*wo exactly	as you are—happy, con-	of gallant little Italy continue to	followe(j out to the ietter, with the re-	ary	the	Ices of the British	market
out at an alarming rate	Elizabeth ' tented girls	and boys. They had>Btand up no herically for the great	gu,t that t(Mjay Hellenism in Turkey	The northern countries, Norway es-
brushed it, shampooed it.	and even	comforts and	pleasures Just as you	cause of humanity. But thegloryof	J§ merely a memory.	pecially, are bidding for foreign tour-	The experiences of	the war	have
used father’s hair tonic on It. Yet | bave. But now—they have no ft Greece is gone, vanished, an	y	*	I ists more and more. They are the convincingly, unfortunately to the
the little ivory brush collected more and—"	never be returned.	_	In following out the Hun plan, the pioneers in developing winter sports surprise of influential German au
and more glistening threads of gold	Before the Indy could finish. Eliza-	The German-Turkish machine is	Turk’s stuck to a program that	in-	and are reaping their harvests' both	Glorifies, proved that Great Britain
and the head of poor Mary Jane be-	beth rase from her seat, rushed to fhe|	crushing Hellenism in the Turkish	eluded abolishment of special privi-	summer and winter. They cannot	fo a much greater degree closely
came more and mote bald	.	platform, and, sobbing, thrust all her	provinces, and annihilating the Greeks	j leges to Greeks, the drafting	of	expect any foreign tourists, however,	,,nit«*d than public opinion In Germany
Elizabeth asked mother whether it	money into the hands of the lady and	jn the same brutal, unwarranted fash-	Christians into the Turkish army,	the	until àfter the war, as they have hard-	*as willing to believe before the war.
would he. wise to buy % new wig for said:	ion they employed in wiping the Ar- ; taxation and commandeering of ly enough provisions to feed the home Canadian, Australian, New Zealander,
her cherished Mary Jane -a wig of "Oh, give them that!”	menian race from the face of the Greek property, deportation and population.	. South African and Indian division»
real hair; a wig that would curl na- The lady's voice sounded queer as globe.	assassination of individuals. To go	________________ have advanced against German sol*
turally and that should be brown In- she said to Elizabeth. “Will your	*	*	*	into all the details of how this hellish	diers on every battlefield. Lloyd
stead of yellow.	mother let you give all this money	.. . f h Turkish Pr°Kram was carried out is unneces-	War Gardens in Canada	George, formerly a free trader. Is
iiPai urns ###	am#:
not, Elizabeth could do errand, and Right there in the .cHOol chapel peo- atlon of the Young Turk, program	....	with fresh vegetable for many „„„ kllouiele,,. Uy m-alien, by
perform certain next duties that in pie began to clap their hands. Peo- that began in 1. 13,	"The glory that was Greece” is, in-, months in the year, says ..i. Ab a creatjon, by intimate combination, the
time would earn enough money to buy pie began to laugh, and some even marked difference: During ie per od	ü vanished thing, a thing that ; ham» “*f the transportation problem urltlsh Empire can be extraordinarily
the longed-for wig.	stamped their feet. But the best part when the government of t e oung civilized world must always regret. ! could be solved. I oe.ieve t*11* 18 j strengthened, and the danger arises
So early and late. Elizabeth work- of all was the next day. when every j Turks was most active a persecution ^ (jay 0f reckoning, we hope, will only a question of time. L erythmg j lhat cerraany js being more or less ed for her Marv .tarife. No matter little boy and every little girl went wa attempted that might, perhaps, come when the nations that have the I seems to grow in greater abundance. pU8he(j out of her wealthy market, how tired she was, she always routed into the school-ropm with his or her destroy entire Greek communities, >ut misfortune of being small, will be pro- in British Columbia, and many of the This convincingly effective example herself to go In search of mother's own	separate	offering for the P»el-	which	permitted	those	persecuted	to	tecte(j	against future despoilment and vegetables	have	two	crops	in	the	j m^gtratee	the	justice	of the saying	so
spectacles* no mutter how interesting gian	children.	Some brought ten	save	themwlves by	flight.	But	m the	defiiement 0f the Him variety.	season.”	Mr.	Abraham reports	that	uften	uttered	here:	“Treaty	rights
the 'game! she hunted for the lost cents, some brought five, some only a period dating from Turkey s participa- Greece may rise again, and the the school children of British < olum- are more powerful than territorial needle or pin.X	cenL But it was Elizabeth's gen- tion in the present war and hn 8 "	. Ottoman empire may perish for all bia have .oined the school garden plot rjgbta." The cry for acquisition of ter-
The cent* began to rattle in her erous act that started the gifts.	nnce with Germany, the persecution time, but, regardless of the future, no movement with splendid enthusiasm [ rjlory jea<j8 merely Into error.
little bank * When she shook it wild- : The lady sent Elizabeth a beautiful assailed the very existence of Ilellen- age ever will forgive the Hun and the and the crop produced will make a	'	-------^—------
ly to an/ fro a joyous clatter /rang ribbon, woven of the national colors ism in Turkey.	Turk or condone the bestiality and material difference to the local sup-
throqgh the house. Whenever Eliza-, of Belgium—a ribbon to tie Mary, German participation and activity cruelty they practiced upon a help-; ply abeth was discouraged, whenever er- Jane’s few remaining golden wisps of were manifest from the start, for less and defenceless people rands seemed many and the pay small, hair. Elizabeth has decided to let the family were awakened by a sud- the ribbon take the place of the once den clickerty-click, clackerty-clank! longed-for wig. b or Mary Jane ha»
At a sound so pleasant sorrows flew nôw	taken on	a	new and altogether
away not only from the breast of distinctive air:	a Mfigin added
who dignity, ab if she, too, had done her
voice
There's someone has angered you lassie,
* I know by the flash in your eye;
Perhaps you can answer them sharply,
But count double ten ere you try.
ijxv7»-^3hi
For words, dear, like horses, need reining,
Or else they will fly off the track;
And words that escape once, remember,
Can never be coaxed to come back.
vitality lowered
machinery Death rata imraaied and r
Bueineae development checked and bus
The Hague, July 2*. -Great Britain’s future economic policy has caused the greatest alarm In Germany, where Its significance is fully realized newspaper Vorwaorta declares the British war cabinet’s declsloh to introduce preferential tariffs in favor of her colonies to lie one of the most Ini-
liesides Its
Lack of education for children and for youthful •oleiiar» Physical auf erirg Morel degradation
Industry crippled by diversion of men and ( in U. S. ) lack of immigration
The
Well she knew that
i
6
a union, political as well as economic
This economic union includes the tour- portant facts of the war
The leading hotel and great economic Importa it win have
England’s
OPINIONS ON WORLD PROBLEMS
ist business
ansit organizations are cooperating » lasting political effect with one another to boost German and transition to protective tariffs Is of Austrian wat- ig places, baths and Incisiw* Importance to Germany.
In peace times England was the
By Chas. M. Bice. Attorney-at-Law. Denver. Colorado.
So hearken to me, little lassie,
And , laddie with anger-flushed cheeky
Remember the maxim I give yo%
And count double ten ere you sp
Before the war the overwhelming greatest purchaser if German wares.
With her colonies»she absorbed one-
¥
eak
Mary Jane's "Bit".
X
British Empire is United

/


Breakfast on browned crusts with cream.
More than twenty thousand war It is important that the larder gardens in back yards are being culti-should always be kept well aired so vated this year by citizens of Winni-that the contents may be quite fresh peg. j and sweet. To prevent dust and In dairying it is very important to smuts getting in through the open have a part of the cows calve in the i window cover,it with a piece of butter fall, so as to have the heaviest flow muslin. This lets the air penetrate of milk and make the greatest amount and at the same time keeps every- of butter when both are highest in thing spotless.
i
I
this, Great Britain raised her third war loan of $5,000,000,000, a sum equal to nearly half her entire national income In 1914.
Great Britain is now spending $9,306,000,000 a year on her army, her
WAR COSTS GREAT BRITAIN $25.- navy’ her air services and her muni' Hons factories, and supplies, but despite this colossal financial burden, she has advanced loans to her poorer allies amounting in the aggregate to
BRITAIN, SHIELD OF CIVILIZATION

Elizabeth but from all those H	I
dwelt within the house; for, after all, j "bit.”


price
The task of the renovating establishments is to repair all the objects which can be Repaired and to transform the rest into things which can be , of use either at the front or In the Her National Debt Has Grown From ! $8,160,000,t homes of the nation
HOW ITALY SAVES WAR’S WRECKAGE
A MINUTE
THE WEEKLY SERMON
TU 4 Tii* », - oiiiiAn	1 Although she is spending more
‘At tiie Milan establishment the	ree 0 r y*	; every day at the present time than
various articles are assorted ip heaps.	Credit ie Unimpaired.	she did in two weeks prior to the war.
* «ns ass «Hi
jsxs.-r=xr=£	- - üs.es-h.5 c
in lives, in energy and In materials. "The fray green army uniforms Brltalll.g credlt „	unimpaired.	-- : 'enee and the necessity of the Ten congratuIatp myself upon „ K00)1 and
' ÏTllr'The	divîded "intoTaTZI -Z »n.î.V ouTby" tbThundred’minion6 And	EURO,,E EXPECTS TOURIST A1U ZZlZZerZrJZZZZl *	^ heJrt ' go'ou t ' to
aHHrHH SSs	E-2	“ ES’BHES'msHSH
up and made to serve some useful pur- 1» sent to the washing rooms ami Is , upon/ their shoulders, and will spare While the guns are still roaring on , fittings, but the product coming from	- utom-Hicnllv and imn il-
pose again.	*	thoroughly cleansed and scoured. A no eflort jn blood or treasure till vlo the battle fronts there are people i/i their working suggests struggle. VYe ,	.	|	.	, L.	*	, ! tpJ3
Italv Is attacking the problem of certain amount of this, the poorer j to lg MBUre<|.	Europe who think of business after all love the golden rule; v e can see	place and character the s n thev
WÆÊtàâmk mMHS ÜEÎ!
tion, while the new taxation, raised by Swis press. The Neue Zuerth* r	man, the ideal for us is always above fts potent demand.	The rule should
Germany la not enough to pay the In- Zeitung thinks the Federal Govern-	the real and many are our failures; go hold me that even when wounded to
are doing by finding a way to utlllzw-^tailorod the various articles arp sent	tereB{ sccurou,^ted upon her war debt, ment will have to spend a great deal	but we must keep up a stout heart the	death	by	cruelty	I	should	$¦
much of the waste material of war t<x a central bureau which attende to	^ population of Germany Is half ns of money if Switzerland is to Recoup	and press on, rising on the mistakes jike	Stephen,	for my persecutors.
It is a task Just as important as that the distribution the Material < urp^	^	^ thst 0reat Britain» her loss. There is an undisguised	we make is a closer approach to
of military sanitation, which cares for out of the first heap of very soiled	Rnd fop ber ittrgeet wer i^an subscrip- tendency in all European countries to	perfect. Let us see what we can do,
and cures the most precious of war cloth the	major	part 1h	washed and	Gone of one shilling and upwards were discourage travelling and spending	by God's help, to keep our face a*»d
cleaned and sold	as washed rags which	arcept#d while ln BrlUln the mini- money outside of their own respective	our progress toward the light.
used for good gra es ofpaper	subscription received was 16 lomains.	Sometimes the rule does not seem
The rest is sold *r V**1 ^ ^ ,r * shillings, yet the record number of In France the "Office National du . t0 work and men take advantage of wlthcmt wasting the expense labor gubecd|)(tomi to the German w#r loan Tourisme has been created to foster mercy Enemies think us cowardly
on cleaning.	.— *,279,000. against 6,289,00 to the the tourist business. Former Miniis-. because we do not retaliate, and they
The coat of living In , ter Sembat Is the director of this Gov- misunderstand the spirit of kindness.
¦	I ¦	* Th* French And there are times when a severe
Therefore all things whatsoever ye such times of gentle treatment a false would that men should do to you, do pride which spoils our mercy with
“He will see now
WONDERFUL SUCCESS IN OVERCOMING THIS PROBLEM.
»

Such a fulfilling of the golden rule is full of danger. Rather should we think of how we ourselves, but for God's grace, might ave fallen, and not count it as a Virtue thfct we forgive, but, rather be ashamed that such forgiveness demands an effort
etc
Description of the Work of Reclaiming Wastage as Carried on at City of Milan.
I
The moment I
<
It should
000,000 to $39,900,000,000, or in excess of twelve times over, and yet
tura
John says:
a
"The gospel of St 'Gather all the remnants so that they do not go Jlo waste.' This Is exactly what the Indian Military authorities
"After being manufactured and
pray,
The Whole Armor of God
It helps, too, to remember that we are fighting the Lord’s battle with His own djvine weapons. All wrong and sin ami injustice are God’s enemies seeking to destroy dom of love fight against them battle, but His, and mine only as I recognize it as His. Therefore self is forgotten No matter what men do
materials—man

The Milan Establishment
“Everything abandoned on the field If battle, in camp or glong the line of march Is carefully gathered up and gent to renovating establishments.
His king-As His child I must It is not my
was
IWUnh
Great Britain had risen enormously be- ernment Department.
cause of the war, until now the house- expect a mass incursion by Americans thrashing must be given. Christ came wife can obtain only half the food re- after the war. They believe America io brjng peace; peace itself often
One of the largest of ythese le the Military Establishment of Disinfection and Re utilization at Milan. More
Canada's Allowance and Britain's.
How does your voluntary allowance .	----•- |-™ —	-	—* “.......T:------.	«° t>rmg peace; mu.	iwa.*# Vl1' ^0 me or sav"of me I am the tm’dier
than thirty train loads of material of ' compare with the British ration T • cel red for the same money in peace-, will more than recompense th. m or has to be brought by the sword, and so f rh , t : d	^
all kinds from the war tone come In Figure It out and see. The aduk is | time#. And yet. when the third Hri- losses caused, for Instance, By the tho faster said: "1 came not to bring .	’ , 7 "
hare every day.	allowed a pound of meat per week and tlsh war loan was issued cash applt- Germane staying at home.	peace" (that is, outward peace) "but t . th tve HWorti 0# A,,. uDtrit
After every battle a little of every the -child half a pound. The bacon t cattov tor war savings certificates | Italy tyo is making strenuous efforts a gword.” But it must be a "sword |	" V Word God and T Jll
thing Is abandoned on the field, ration Is the same, with a supplemen- mad# by individuals too poor to sub- to put her tourist Industry again on bathed in Heaven," a righteous cast- t h whole armor of God nr*v. Wherever the soldiers pans they leave	tary allowance for heavy workers and	scrih# the minimum sura of 16 sliil-	a sound footing. Italy	H spending	ing	out	0f	evll	spirits,	a	cleansing	of	J	.	watrhlnr That fa rh# r„
arm», pieces of machinery,	knapsacks,	adolescents. Five ounce» of butter	ling» to the loan Itself amounted to	millions to improve the	Italian Rivl-	tbo	temple	of	humanity	with	a 'battle	of	life
caps, drums,	bugles,	kitchen equip-	and	margarine and two ounces of lard	$1<H),00<V*)0.	era in addition	to a share	spent by	scourge	in the hand of Christ	himself anffariM|*|**
merit, shoes,	clothes,	etc. Objects	of	per	head are allowed. The sugar ra-1 - Before the	war the	people	of	Brl-	the localities for the fame	purpose.	A	Course	Full	of	Danger
•very kind are left behind	Bach of	don is half a pound per head The	fain paid taxes amounting to approx!-	Immense snips are ready to be spent
them has a glorious past.	Each- fur- !	milling extraction for bread Is now 90	mglely $l.OOti.000.000 a year; to-day	for advertising as soon	as peace is
ii«hue the clue for	reconstructing	a	1	per	cent In Britain as compared with	thfN are paying taxes	to the	tune	of	declared.	,	.	.	,
|	94 per cent. In Germany,	$3 270,060,000	annually.	In spite	of 1 Germany and	Austria have formed	un<*	>et	lhere lg	***	u	c 6	10


No matter for my No matter what is done' I am serving my King and Perhaps personal kindness is easier seeking His glory and honor, and the when we try to return good for evil, golden rule Is my manual of arms.
F. Toi
to me
us at
>age of bis
###PAGE###4###
I OA
Apr. 15 Dully Star, advt.......
20 Mre. J. A. Dram, cnre-tnking .
Janica Judd, wood—..........
25 Mrs. Chapman, care-taking.............
May 2 U. K. Hodglim, supplier.................
1 Cliff Fulfill'd, care-taking..........
Conn McCagg, re|*lra ................
10	Holly Klliott, cnretnkmg.............
11	Mr*. Harris "	..............
.1. A. Telford. Ivood ...............
11 Mrs. Chapman, wood...... .............
25 Moses Stewart, care-taking............
June I It. A. llodglns, “	...........
I James Judd, wood......................
5 W. C. Harris, supplies, etc.......
Lewis Cuthbertson, carting...........
10	A S. Elliott, wood...................
11	James Kennedy, exemption taxes........
Mrs, Fullord.	"	fees.......
14	Rev, C. lleid, non taxable property......
15	R. J. Tracy, visiting................
10 J. H. Brown, wood.....................
20 Miss Mabel Ramsay, supplies...........
can-taking.......
a
Germany Likes His Views.
Lord Lmsdowne and bits friends van hardly fail to notv that in the case of the second, as of the first, of his letters advocating immediate negotiations tor ;ieave the only praise cornea from Germany and her confederates. 'I hey like his |»ro|sisals immensely, and still more his expressed and implied criticisms of
the Entente leaders,
This may Iw taken by Ix.rd Uns-dowtiv as showing simply that his antagonists at home are obstinately wrong, but as he is not, in purpose at least, a nro-Uerman, one would ex|»cvt him to be somewhat disquieted by the sharp geographic line separating his admirers and those who denoum'e him German commendation is a heavy burden tor any decent man to carry in these days intolerable burden it ought to tie. Every time Lord Lansdowne takes bis pen in hand he strengthens the ¦ picion that what he fears is not so much a prolongation of the war as an ending ot it likely to lie injurious to his own class. This charge is probably an unjust one, but his letters give it a dread ful plausibility.
THE EQUITY.
Bristol Council Minutes
20 00
August Rod and Gun
21 25
New York Times
« 00
Bristol, August \ 1919. Hie Municipal Council of Bristol met
Present Mayor
“The Skunk and Dolphin*" by Jane Dihvorth, a story of the visit of that particularly obnoxious little animal with the white stt i|>e down its hack to the cabin of a French Canadian ; “A Wet Breakfast on a Dry Stump" by Mat hnf A. Shaw, showing the psychological effect of continuous rain on the mind of an ordinarily cheerful cani|M*rout ; “When Grandpa Jumped over the Traces," the story of a trek to the northern
Five Shots at a
5 H
SHAWV1LLE, AUGUST 15, 1918
12 00
on the above dati
Camplndl and Councillors Graham, Campliell, Horner and Henderson.
Minutes of last meeting read and adopted on motion of couns. Horner and Campbell.
Motion — Campbell and Horner — That the following bills lie paid C. Beattie, 0 days roadwork for C. Dorion,
W. Enuneraon, 6 cedars at SI
Canadian troop® will go to Siberiato I , vreixbton, 4
tin* Czecho-Slovaks in resisting| K Sly, 2days >adworkforJ Ado, 4.00 the encroachments of the Germans A.	10 cottars at #1 «u-h
whom the treachery of the RoUheviki	8U''Phe8 for ,<>m
pel tied getting a foothold in the | q t Hodgin-s :* bbla. cement country that will require some résolu
tion to dislodge.
2 80
7 00
4 00
X change in the government of Hus-take place any day now, it is The Bolsheviks have had
:tl 11
7 00
sui may reported their innings
5 00
15 00
18 75
7 00
$12 00 0.00 41 50c.	2.00
1 75
It is announced that a force ot 4'»hi
1 87
gold fields
Chuck” by F. V. Williams ; a among the list of contents in the August issue of Hod and Gun. Such departments as Rod and Gun Mechanics, Fishing Notes and Guns and Ammunition are well maintained while a specially illustrated account of the tournament of the Canadian Indians at Niagara on the Lake on July 1st and 2nd is contained in this issue. Pi eminent tra|>-sliooters in Indian costume are shown in connection with this account. Hod and Gun is published by W. J. Taylor, Ltd., Woodstock, Out.
8 00
« 00
10.00
87
1
2 00
2 00
26.77
0 24
0 00
8.70
• •
at $1.90
J. Sabra, i l work a# }*>t bill I8.( 1 J. Dagg, 10 cedars at $1.2*
P. Welsh, 2
I' Welsh, work on side line it. 10 H. Beattie
l \ i 'coney, l sheep killed by dogs 11 (i(> F. Murdock, 1	14 4i 44	13 33
- an
20 00
r Linda Smiley,
“ s. J. Wilson, care-taking and supplies...
John Havlin,	44 and wood..............
20 W. C. Uelsher, w<x)d..........................
J. K. Stevenson, school grounds..............
Mis* Gladys Hudgins, vtire-taking............
" Lucy Major, supplies...... ..............
44 Florence Morrison, care-taking......
44 Norma Hudgins Sc Edna Elliott, c.-taking
C. Caldwell, board bill......................
J. A Cowan, printing.........................
Gtissie Draper, care-taking..................
Mrs. Chapman,	44
11. A. Harris,	44	ami wood ..
T. B. Draper,	44	and supplies
Special notification	to ratepayers per Mrs
McKinley...................................
Taking of Census.............................
Postage and stationery......................
Asst. Sec.-Treasurer's salary...............
Teachers’ salaries........................: • •
June 80 Arrears June 80, 1018.........................
27
8 50
12.50
28
sus
21 48 80 45 75 00 20 00
2.50
$1.25
13.00
10 12.00
Enemy submarines sank several vos sels off the Atlantic coast last wcvk -two of them in Canadian waters. There
strong suspicion in Halifax that the | p Trudeau, road work for I. Me subs have a base somewhere along the
1 25
13 00 J8 00 40 05 27 25 12 00
is a
so oo
W. Boss appeared asking the Council what steps to take towards making the seventh con. line opposite lot 17 tit tor traffic.
Dermott. 10 days,
coast of Nova Scotia, and the statement is made by the Halifax paper» that the city is seething with enemy spies reason to use the secret service drag-net down there, apparently.
8 00
Statement of Finances, Clarendon Schools
for Scholastic Year 1917-18.
Good
10 00 28 10
The Secretary was instructed to write the Post Office Dept., Ottawa, to have the mail route changed on this piece of road.
4 00
10 00 12 00 900 70 5070 50 58» 00
T. McNeil asked to have John street Norway Bay, put on the surveyed line. Motion — 11 orner and Henderson—
Among the war developments of the past week, t*> whi«*h considerable importance is attached, was the landing at I That Mayor Campbell and Conns. Camp Arvhangvl in Northern Russia, of allied bell and Graham inspect this street and
forces, composed of British and V„> midU- tiHdr traffic.1 troops, with their equipment. 1 he Motion— Graham and Henderson— landing is said to have been in concur- That we accept the retort of James with the wishes of the Russian Smith on Tubman's bridge, 8th con.
1917.
June 30 Arrears Taxes 1917.............
Collection Roll 1917-18......
Fees 1917-18 ................
n Official cheque—Improvements
7 Rev. Reid, fees............
19 Fred Richardson, fees-----
1 Official cheque, P. S. Fund 12 Mrs. A. Lynch, fees.......
SI076 63 5393 85 632 00 35 00
Oct.
Nov
$8585 0»
1 00
50
We, the undersigned, have today examined the books and vouchers of the Secretary Treasurer and have found them correct, and resect fully submit this Statement of Receipts and Kx()eiiditure, showing a balance due your Secretary i reasurer
62 62
Dec
1 50
rencc
population and created general enthusi
1918.
Mar. 20 Bert Hodgins, rent, election...............
April 2 Official cheque............................
May 17 Special grant...............................
June 19 Official cheque............................
24 W. H. Corrigan, rent, election............
28	Miss Stephens, lost time.................
29	J. K. Stevenson, No. 14 grounds..........
W. C. Belsher, fees last year............
2j j»er cent on Teachers’ salaries ......
Due Sec. Treasurer
g a imlance uue yum ocvrvutry-uro!
f taxes, $589 6» ; total surplus of $20 634 ¦¦K. Huixii.vSjgjj^gj
11. S Barnfttt,
line
5 00
_	.	- Motion—Henderson and Horner—
The Russians are commencing to T,uU the Valuation Roll, as revised, be
realize that they have been shamefully accepted and homologated.
victimized by the Bolshevik element Motion — Graham and CampMl
and are ready to welcome any aid that lh.it we do now adjourn
will help them to free the country from	(-.1.1 Rs
the grip of the group ot national traitors
and scoundrels who have brought it to
; arivnrs o
432 82 10 00 150 00 ft 00 15 20
25 00 4 00
141 91
563 05
i
asm
Auditors.
Shaw ville, July 25, 1918
V
CANADA
MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL, AGRICULTURAL and EDUCATIONAL, gathered together
in a few acres at the
CENTRAL CANADA
District Schools
verge ot‘ utter ruin
$8585 09
No. 2 Clarendon.
Grade VII- Eliza Baker, Emma Ca
PAYMENTS
1917
June 30 Balance due Sec urv-Treasurer
July 28 W. J. Fades, declarations........
Aug. 1 Doris Judd, caretAking..
2 Legal Blank Printing Co., supplies Daily Star, ad. Teachers wanted ..
4 Telephoning.......................
Mrs. J. A. Dean, caretaking......
Mi-» Hark ness,
18	E. W. Hodgins, auditor...............
H. S. Barnett, 14	............
20	Inégal Blank Printing Co., supplies... Newton Lewis,
25	Lilly Claude, caretaking.............
Kept. 13 Dominion Express Co...................
17 S. E. Hotlgins, insurance.............
21	Gussic Dra|»er, work.......	.......
C. H. Hodge, grant School Fair.......
26	T. B. Draper, care taking and supplies
Daily Star, advt.... ................
29 Miss Hark ness, supplies..............
Oct. 9 R. J. Burgess, on contract..............
10 Mrs. J. W. Murphy, care taking.......
16	H. A. Harris painting................
21 Jtibn Trvdeau, fencing ...............
James Hope & Sons, supplies..........
24 Clarence Cameron, wood................
2 Florence Morrison, supplies...........
7 John Stevenson, valuation roll........
W. A. Hudgins, supplies... .T........
G. E. Wainman, 44	..............
10 John A. Telford, wood ................
14 G. F. Hod gins Co., supplies..........
17	R. J. Burgess, contract..............
Miss S. J. Wilson, supplies..........
T. Draper,
20	G. F Hodgins Co.
C. H. McCagg, repairs
21	John A. Lang,
22	John L. Sparling,
26 Thomas Wall,
29	Dominion Express Co..........
30	O. E Wainman, repairs........
Dec. 1 Joseph Hill, exemption .........
W H. Laughren, visiting------
E. N. Moyer Co., maps, etc...
10	R. J. Tracy, wood............
11	Gussie Drainer, care-taking ..
13	W. H. Horner, wood........
14	George Somerville, exemption
15	J. A. Dean, care taking,.....
17 J. A. Hodgins, wood . ........
19	Mabel Ramsay, care taking ..
21 Canada Stamp Co...............
24 Mrs. Chapman, care taking ..
28	Florence Morrison, 44
29	Gordon Elliott, wood.........
31	John A. Lang, 44	........
The past w eek’s war developments | rey have again l*een most satisfactory to the
While all attention had been
Grade VI—Annie Olinstead, Cordelia Elliott, Fern Elliott, Ida Elliott, Her hie Eraser. Henry Mitchell.
Grade V—Roliert Thompson, Carroll had been | Horner, Kenneth McCagg, John James
Baker, Beatrice Fraser.
Grade IV — Violet Johnston.
< 5rade 11 ! Bland Little, Alma Park,
front farther north, between Montdidier Harold Carey. Armenella Carey, Sadie and Albert, which has met with great McCagg, Marjorie Johnston, Murial
This drive is being carried Lewis.
out principally by British, Australian* Grade II-Tearl Baker, Echardt El
id Cm lion troops, with a French
force doing fine work on the right flunk. I ford Ol instead (equal); Claude Horner,
Reports say many towns and villages f Ivan Lewis, Stella Black.
Grade 1, Ft. 1, Sr.—Wallace Johnson, Iona Elliott.
Grade I, Ft. 1, Jr —Alton Olmstcad,
258 93
2 00
Allies
directed t«* tin* operations in the Marne silient, where the enemy pushed back over the Vesle river, a new drive was launched on a section of the
EXHIBITION
2 00
4 49
1 39
15
10 00 10 00
OTTAWA
September 7th to 16th, 1918
44
6 00
6 00
81
succès*
40
liott
Increased Prizes for Live Stock, Farm and War Garden Products—Military Features—Government Exhibition of War Trophies—Aerial Feats—Dominion and Provincial Government Exhibits—Auto Show—Dog Show—Poultry Show—Better Baby Show—Pure Food Show—Horse
Racing—Better and Bigger Midway.
“Big Time” Vaudeville Acts from the New York Hippodrome, in a first class programme.
Magnificent Mammoth Fireworks Display with Spectacular presentation of the Battle of the Somme, with Tanks
in action.
Special old-time Mardi Gras Festival on the closing night, Saturday Sept. 16th—Countless other attractions.
SEE LOCAL AGENT FOR RAILWAY RATES
4 50
G rade I, Ft. 2—Sadie Olmstead, (’lit
30
15 00
2 50
have been retaken in the territory overrun by the Germans in the big March offensive ; also about 10,000 pi ners | jamei Black.
and 700 cannon have fallen into the] Prise for writing- Annie Olmste 1.
Alma Park, Iona Elliott, Pearl Ba' r, Violet Johnson, Beatrice FraAer, St la Black, Marjorie Johnson, Muriel Lewis, Ida Elliott, Gladys Horner, Mary Sly, Katie Elliott, Carroll Horner, Claude Horner, John J. Baker. Robert Thomp-, x \' Henry Mitchell, Alton Olmstead, A raid on England undertaken *>y jaines Black, Elwood Gagain, Echart
five German zeppelin airships last week Gagain, Ivan Lewis, Manson McCagg, frustrated through the vigilance of Teason McCagg, Eric Carey, Dwight
Th* | Thompson, Wallace Johnson, Herbie Fraser, Lily Johnson.
Prize for regular attendance—Eliza
75 00 22 10
1 20
1 65
50 00
hands of the allies. The Germans are calling heavily on their reserves to check the advance.
5 00
18 00 21 00 8 70 23 40
60
Nov
66
12 84
1 30
4 00
was
John W. Brant, Treasurer
Stewart McClbnaghan, Presidin',
the British defence air service hostile craft were met out at sea by
1 50
J. K. Paisley, Manager and Secretary
10 (X)
2 70
British airmen and defeated in their ob-1 [taker ject. One zepp was shot down and fell iu flames in the sea forty miles from the Another was damaged but is
0 15
Prize for reading—Fern Elliott.
Prize for good conduct - Sadie Oltn-stead.
t • i Prize for tables—Sadie McCagg. Clif* thought to have reached its base. It is fori[ olmstead, Harold Carey.
a considerable time now since the zep- Prize for improvement in arithmetic
pel in was employed in an aerial attack — Emma Carey, Eland Little, Willie
up°n England. The Lut one resulted %% drawing_Kenneth McCagg. in a failure so costly that it was thought prize for highest per cent on June the Hun would have wisely concluded | Exam.». Echart Elliott to consign the huge gas-bag to the junk heap as an ineffectual implement of war.
It seems to have taken more than one
12 39 9 50
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
2 00
coast
2 00
U
2 00
90
2 80 10 50 4 00 84 87 8 75 8 00 13 12 6 75 20 00 2 50 8 00
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
t
Prize for geography—Cordelia Elliott, George Thompson, Armenella Carey.
M. E. Cook, Teacher.
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
lesson to drive this fact home with con vincing force, however.
The Hopeless Amateur.
•«It requires patience to be a successful gardener/’
“Yes. i
1 77
6 00
But you can overdo it. I planted some seeds two years ago and I>e waited all this time without a for them to come up and do I’m going to give them summer and then If they
The difficulty with the railway employees a few weeks ago was settled by requiring the employers to accede in major degree to the demands of the men for increased pay with other concessions. Then the Railway Commission came to the relief of the railway magnates by sanctioning an increase in freight rates which is now in effect. It would not do, of course, to allow the railways to suffer the loss that the increased wage bill would entail—that must, in keeping with the usual order of thinge, be sustained by the public. It has not yet transpired, however, where the latter— who invariably have tc pay the piper-are to find redress. With a Railway Commission which turns a deaf ear to the reasonable requests of the people, as witness the case of the request for better service on Pontiac’s heavily subsidized and bonused£railway, and |a Food Board that governs the disposition of but does not control the price of food, thus permitting the trusts anj profiteers to exact the uttermost farthing, Canadians at present cannot well boast of many exclusive advantages.
7 00 6 00 33 00
Custom Sawing.
a
murmur something
one more don’t make good I’m going to dig up the whole patch and start over.’’
1918
4 50
1	Mrs. Claude, care-taking---
10 Gus. Rose, wood.............
17 Isaac Martin, equalize tax .. 19 Mrs. Harris, care taking.... 26 Lillian Murphy, “
31 J. J. Morrison*_wood ......
2	Gussie Dragier, care taking . 6 John Cunningham, wood ... 6 R J. Burgess, repairing.,...
44 balance of contract
wood
Jan
6 00
*	41
6 75
10 00 12 00
Belligerent Pacifism.
constituents In favor of
3 75
“Are your
war?’	,
-No,” replied Senator Sorghum. An
they think It’s the business of this
country to take up arms and eliminate
any nation that insists on having war.
4 00
Feb
50 00
Smocks and Overalls $1.75, 2.00 each Work Shirts 75c., 85, and $1.00 each
7 00
155 00
II
6 25
7 Edward Dagg,
12 Joseph Stanley,
14	John Oreenshields, “
15	John Cunningham, “
, n tt	it	“
22 50 30 25 45 00 40 75
u
A Sure Case.
Mrs. A—Can your husband claim exemption >
Mrs. B.—Well, I don’t see how he be strong enough to fight abroad when he is too weak at home to take
These are bargains at present prices.
16
v
7 60
21 Thomas Wallace, supplies... 2.3 Moses Stewart, care-taking . March 2 Mrs. McKinley, valuation roll
J. J. Sly, nood.............
4 Robt. J. Tracy, wood.........
6 John Cunningham, wood .. 88 Alex. D 1 29 John Greenshielda,	14 ..
April 1 Joseph Stanley,	“
6 W. J. Horner, equalize tax.
R. J. Tracy, wood r........
8 Mabel Ramsay, care taking “	44 repairs ...
13 John Hodgins, care taking.
5 00
10 00 22 76
:an
Also BATHING SUITS, MEN S SUMMER UNDERWEAR and SPORT SHIRTS
5 00
16 76 16 00 56 87 10 50
U
WANTED
Secretary Treasurer wanted by the School Commissioner» of No. 1 school, Lower Litchfield. Apply on or before
Chairman of School Board,
R R No. 1, Portage du Fort.
ms,


4 50
MURRAY BROS

12 76

6 00
7 00
SHAWVILLE.
THE TAILORS
5 00




###PAGE###5###
NOTICE OF MEETINGS
ORANGE HALL, SHAWVILLE :
CLUBS.
THE EQUITY,
1
urée-quart ers of the first second ar-er the command that they make a on g und lovely story ns one listens to in old driver tell It today.
The short of the story Is that the (hot shredded the ears of the leaders, tnd generally speaking those mule* lid the rest. The six mules bounded ihend. startled and Indignant -obber at the bridle was kicked In rap; d succession by the off leader, off •wing und off wheeler, no his pistol ilin was not good, and the robber at he stage wheel was run over by the •ear wheels, and his aim was not good. The six mules, the driver has sworn to this, did the next mile In four inimités flat, and there was no time when more than two stage wheels were on he road at the same time.
“It was sure some lucky escape,” he messenger admitted, “but I never truly mode up with them lead mules. They never seemed to relish me after hat little sawed-off spoke to them. Touchy sort of critters, mules Is, any-low."
Canadian Food Board Licenhk Number 810603
«
TIME OF MEETING :
4 Weekly Journal devoted te Leoa I r\ ter.it i.
Pebltehed every Ther.de y
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
O
First Tuesday Second Wednesday,
Let These Prices Be Your Incentive to Buy
Austin Elmside
Clarendon - Last Wednesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman
Shawville - First Thursday,
of each month.
O. Y. B. LODGE, No. 304. meets 2nd Wednesday of each month at 8 p. in.
Irvin Hamilton, Kec.-Secy
i
E. S. H. Workman W. M.
sirs script ion, $1 aTkar in Advance.
UT All arrears must be paid up before
any paper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cent* per line for 1st Insertion and 6 cent* per line or eac h bubsequont Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $3.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-fished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
The
L. 6. L. No. 27, meets 1st Tuesday of each
Herb Houqins W. M
Rf.o. HoDoms, Secy.
- First Friday,
ROYAL SCARLET CHAPTER meets on the 1 ith of each month
H. N. Hoggins,
W. Cmop. in Com
;
Rko. Hodoins, Com. Scribe.
GLOVES
1
Ladies’ Silk Gloves, black and white, pure
75c. per pair.
silk, double finger tips.
NEW ISSUE
rIVE YEAR
6%
$6,100,000.
COLLARS
CITY OF MONTREAL
A very special assortment of many new kinds and materials.
Tommy Atkins, Philologist.
Mr. Thomas Atkins has further enriched the English language with war words and phrases. They may not :reep Into future dictionaries, remarks London Answers, but they will certainly remain as part of the common anguage of everyday use coined by Tommy from the French 'll n’y n plus,” Is now our general expression for "nothing doing.”
it Is safe to assume that the expression "over the top" will become part of our language, to be used when man must be put to the supreme test.
"Anzae” Is either coined word that will remain for all time *er” for a forager, "buckshee" for anything extra in the way of rations, and "Conchy” for the shirker, are hardly likely to be forgotten.
JOB PRINTING
6% FIVE YEAR GOLD BONDS
All kinds of Job Printing nrstlj^nd
50c. to $1.50 each*
cheaply executed, promptly attended to
DUE MAY 1st 1923
Issued in coupon form in denominations of $100. $500. and $1000.
With privilege of registration as to principal.
Semi-annual interest payable 1st May and 1st November. %
Principal and interest payable in Gold in Montreal or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New-York, U. S. A.
DATED MAY 1st 1918
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
OVERSIZE VESTS
“Narpoo.’
Professional Garda.
New goods, fancy weave, mercerized, both vests and drawers.
zx
50c. a garment.
DR. A. H. BEERS
The legality of the Bonds has been approved of by Messrs. Fleet, Falconer, Phelan & Bovey, advocates, Montreal and permission to issue has been duly obtained from the Honourable the Minister of Finance.Ottawa.
OVERSIZE HOSE
SURGEON DENTIST CxMPBei.L. Bay
Qui.
Doctor of Medicine and Mailer of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Ue.ntUteof “"entai Surgery, Quebec
A “eeroun-
40c. and
Black only, cotton, garter top. 50c. a pair.
PRICE PAR (100) AND ACCRUED INTEREST
Subscriptions are invited by and farther particulars may be
obtained at the offices of :
VERSAILLES, VIDRICAIRE, ROULAIS,"»
RENE-T. LECLERC
SWEATER COATS
Quarter-Pound Diamond.
One of the world’s largest diamonds
to the United States, as
S. A. MACK AY
INVESTMENT BROKER
These are smart looking Sweater Coats that combine both style and comfort and at the same time good values. Some are made of brushed wool with large collars and fashionable sashes to match, others are in the plain weaves, good weight and style. $6.00
may come Americans are among those dickering
for that superior quality amber-col-3red atone, weighing 442% carats about a quarter of a pound—found recently In the Du Toits Pan mine in South Africa. The stone is the most valuable ever found In Griqualand West, although it Is not a record as regards weight.
The most famous diamonds In the ¦ ^¦Culllnan, now called the
160 St. James Street, - Montreal
v
notary public
Shawville,
Montreal
Quebec
Que.
(ESTABLISHED I#011
AND ALL BRANCHES OF THE
A. j. McDonald d. c. l.
BANQUE D'HOCHELAGA
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, Ao.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be at Shawville Wednesday and Saturday of each weeK-
WHO IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF THE MEMBERS OF THE UNDERWRITING SYNDICATE.
world are
Star of Africa, part of the British ¦ l jewels. 3.032; Excelsior, 969; Kohlnoor, 1K>0 ; Regent. 410; Orloff, 193, all uncut, and the Great Mogul,
crown
G. F. HODCINS CO. L TD.
Farmers and Dairymen % time is here
280, cut
GEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Not That Flavor.
there are some hosts
who allow their hospital meats to be
seasoned with acerbity. '
••Do they? We always use catchup
with ours.”
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, AC
Hull.
July and August is the one particular time when you need the best skimming device obtainable.
Here are some of the reasons why you should consider
the RENFREW SEPARATOR ;
•‘You know
GUARD SHOT ONCE
Rheumatism, Ridney, Stomach and Asthma Trouble Promptly Cured.
Victory Rheumatic and Kidney Cure Largely Used With Very Great
Success.
196 Main St.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
And He Admits That the Mules
Did the Rest.
Nature1» Variety Shop.
You may think Alaska is a hard geography lesson, just because there For rheumatism or kidney trouble,	are 590,884 square miles, but really
this medicine has no equal, and it is Things Happened 80 Rapidly That its the easiest lesson In the bodk, be-highly recommended for indigestion, Holdup Men Really Didn't Have a cause, no matter w hat you say, it’s
SS;=S5ifi	£#=S5Z3
two bottles of your Victory Rheumatic Frandsco mint a shotgun messenger even.tempered weather when cbtl-
tir', stays*...... ZCTZ'c," ïrt“ îryruræiss
######
Mrs. Harry Grace, 500 Flaunt St, den,y aPPeared close by the side of gleaming landscape, where the inde-
Renfrcw, writes : " 1 was troubled f<rthe treasure stage with the laconic fatigable sun works the clock around
years with indigestion and tried all kinds command, “Throw down the box!	—that’s Alaska.
of medicine. Two bottles of your Vic- The messenger, as he Is called where Brag about cabbages which weigh
z:
writes : 141 have not had an attack of, hands passing through bad spots. IIis ^ and animals that you ever heard asthma or coughing -wince I took the Job to shoot anyone so careless as 0f—wlth bears and foxes to order in fourth doses of your remedy.”	to step out from behind a tree or rock every color but greenjlllll	I
Sufferers should secure a supply of to the side of the stage, and shoot mark will probably be at least 90 per this splendid remedy at once from Shaw- before the Intruder gets the drop. cent. And don’t forget the oolakan
sWspi msmts Sipis
from the manufacturer NX . i. Ritchie, sight. That Is the safe way.	ffg name) and with whose odor no
Box 296, Renfrew, Ont.	| H a messenger falls to see a rob- 8iaughter house or glue factory can
Price 75c. per bottle. In remitting her before the latter has him covered compete. for mail orders, add sufficient to cover,the box Is thrown down—usually. of course you know about the
There was one instance where the rule gold. And as for coal, just draw a was not followed, which old stage drlv- big cube, like a flat-topped apartment ers in the Sierra Nevadas tell about to- house; then In the right-hand corner
the Carson mint. The messenger was ^ "_Kathlene B. Winter, In World alert, his sawed-off shotgun lightly bul- Oufiook meed In his hands passing the danger
ipots, or resting on his knees where	a Brilliant Career,
the cover seemed to be too thin to unusual interest attached to the conceal a robber by the side of the conferring at the University of To-road. v	ronto convocation, of the degree of
On one good stretch the messenger Doctor of Public Health upon Lt.-Col.
gripped his gun between his knees George Nasmith, director of the civic while both hands sought In the pockets laboratories, Toronto. Lt.-Co a-
S&KSstfMU!
>f straggly sage brush two men leap- q( â BrlÜ8h army corps, completed •d, one to the bridle of the off leader tfae writjng 0f hie examinations In ¦nule, one to the off side of the stage. April, and is understood to have pass They hod the drop on both messenger ed brilliantly. It has meant a lot of ind driver.	hard plugging, inasmuch as he has
•Throw down the box!” commanded also, since bis return, written a valu-¦	able book as to the army sanitation
work. — Il I _	.	, ^
titled to the very distinctive letters, C.M.Q., MA, Ph.D., D.Sc. (honorary degree, conferred a year ago), and D P.# He Is 40 years of age, born and educated in Toronto, and gradu-rlgger of the right barrel. So many I aled from the University In 1900. hinge happened In the reroaJnJmr |	^
1	Because it is made in Canada
2	Because it is an instrument that saves you more money than any other tool used on farm
3	Because it is so simple that a child can red ill y learn to take it apart and put together again
4	Because it is so easy to keep clean
5	Because it is the only Separator with a successful interchangeable capacity
0 Because of its wonderful self-oiling feature
7	Because all gearing is enclosed
8	Because it is so easy to run
9	Because it has a low supply tank and a high crank
10	Because it has other exclusive features such as curved wing bowl centre, milk tight, dust proof and spherical-acting neck bearing and instantaneous clutch in base attached to spindle
11	Because it is indorsed by leading Government Agricultural Schools, Dairymen and general users.
V l
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed «esdav and Shawville every Saturday.
Devlin St. Marie & Duclos

ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS, Eo
191 MAIN ST.,
Will attend Courts and Business in the
District of Pontiac.
HULL
M n
MADE IN CANADA
GEORGE E. MORENCY
DOMINION â PROVINCIAL LAND SURVEYOR
ALL KIND» OF
Surveying, Division and Subdivision of Lots, Drawing, Copying, and Reducing of Plans, Lines, Boundaries, &c.
Executed carefully to the satisfaction of parties.
162 Wellington St
Phone : Queen 5230.
A CALL SOLICITED.
Hull.
Agent.
H. B. MITCHEM
and your
GEORGE HYNES
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Pdrsonalattention.Openallhours.
M
wa
CANADIAN PACIFIC
postage
UNDERTAKING
FARM LABORERS
tfl
and EMBALMING
Local Agents Wanted
The Old Reliable "
FONTHILL NURSERIES.
W. J. HAYES
For
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
TO
(opposite J. H. Shaw’s
All calls will receive prompt personal attention
WINNIPEG
Thousands of Orchaid trees need replacing.	,
War Garden call for small fruits, early bearing fruit trees, Asi>a-ragus, Rhubarb plants, etc.
The demand for Ornamental stock in towns and villages is large.
Secure a paying Agency i eral commissions. Ex not necessary. -
J. L. HODGINS
Pins £e. per mile beyond
Excursions August 15 and 27,1918
From all Stations In the Province of Quebec ; also stations in the Province of Ontario-Brock ville, Smiths Falls. North Bay and East.
FARE RETURNING : K per mile to Winnipeg plus $18 to
NO CHANCE OF CARS »**"." EMt *"<< w«t on th. C. f. R.
For information apply to nearest Canadian Pacific Agent or to
AGENT FOR
Singer Sewing Machines and Repairs
SHAWVILLE «
with lib-perience
. QUE.
he man at the fore wheel of the stage.
The messenger thought one-quarter if a second—he was precise In telling Lhat part of the story—and then wlth->ut baring to lnrlte a bullet by mov* ng bis gun or hand, he pulled the
STONE & WELLINGTON
(Established 1837)
V/
Lt.-Col. Nasmith la now en-
R
r±
TORONTO. ONT
O. A. L. TUCKER, Agent,
'ROMPTLY SECUP
Shawville, Que
In all countries. Aek for our INVENTOR 8 ADVISER.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION.
S64 University 8U Montrés!.
Equity /\d»ts. Pay.

02821215
###PAGE###6###
SfïPâfrrft
Ont- of the moat important things i
FALL SETTING OF STRAWBERRIES
FUNNY FOLD-UPS
go il S and
CUT OUT AND FOLD Oh DOTTtO LINES
about five inches, when the gtsund was plowed and floated down with a *,
Other showers followed in a week or so. of sufficient magnitude to moisten the surface so that a fairly good aoll plant bed wee secured. A shower came just as the work of setting was begun; just enough to crust the surface when the weeder was used to re-establish the
loose surfao#HHHHIHH|HHH dried out so that it bothered
¦	Heretofore our preference has been
ib the operation of a iluiry 11	*"6 spring setting of strawberry plants
cleaning of the dairy utensils, T hey oy(f fajj
must be cleaned and rinsed thor-1 wag tQ ^	by fall setting as
oughl.v immediately after l>emg used; onjinjirjîy practicedt Late August
this will prevent the water m the and early September js the season milk from evaporating and the solid U8UA,ly employed for this. .. matter sticking fast to tho utensi s. i gurt> wben weather and soil condi-If it is found impossible to wash the tion* are favorable, and good plants utensils at once, it will he a goot ^ quite a fair growth will be made plan to rinse them in lukewarm »»' both in root and crown, growth suf-ter so that the greater part of thti flcien^ to mature a fair crop of her- soon
milk will be removed before it has rieg if al|owed to frult Rut if p*r. gcme in setting, for additional work had a chance to stick fast to the pail 5	to fruft y,e flrgt Maion an in.. was made necessary that none of this
Hot water should never | ferjor gt*nd of young planta must dry soil got next to the roots. Then, be used until the milky substances	result. The cultural con- too, the job was more or lees unpleas-
have been removed with the lukewarm djtjon# squired, in each Instance are ant as a fresh breeze blew the dry water first, as the hot water will gather incompatible. The object particles into our faces, coagulate the casein in the milk »o j or pUrpoae flight in each case is Just how the experiment will turn that it sticks to the pail and will wholly unlike.	out, future developments only can re-
therefore require a great amount of Then, too, I figured that spring set veal. ,Only light showers have fallwashing before it can all be temov- pjant# ^akg aH the growth necessary en since the setting was finished. To vd from the vessel.	\ under proper conditions of soil and prevent crusting and consequent loses.
After thoroughly rinsing the uten- 1 culture, hence, what was the use of of soil moisture, the weedsr has been sils in tho lukewarm	they endeavorfng to establish the new used to re-create a loose surface. Be-
should be thoroughly washed in ho p|antation at a season when favorable cause of the deficient rainfall it may water, using some good brand of weatber conditions were so much be necessary to reset quite a number alkali washing powder. There ar« ; more problematical. Another thing, of plants. This will be done as soon many good washing powders to be tfce labor of creating a fine mellow as it becomes clear that the plants found on ths market (tat will answer roo^ pasturage with plant* occupy- first seUare not starting put vigor-the purpose and make this part of the jng ^ ground, wbuld be greatly aug- ously.
dairy work easier each day. Soaps mpnted indeed, I figured that to Of course, it 4s not expected that or powders that contain grease as a pjac^ a p;*ce of ground in as excellent plants set this late in the season will part of their composition will not & condition as is possible when larger, make much growth in the short time make a satisfactory brand of soap or dveper working tools may be used, is before freezing weather sets in. This powder to use in this work	practically out of the question; hence, | U not expected. Neither is it neces-
nearly as good as a genuine a ka!r F$z|ngmatter up In the light of sary to the success of the plan
powder.	! the experience 1 then had, I decided that is required i* that the plants get
It is a good plan also to have on	the faq getting of strawberry their root system established and be
hand several good stiff brushes that ;planU hgd nothing to offer ug	ready to do business next spring,
adaptable to cleaning the various fiut for gome time % have Wen It will he imperatively necess** to
If steam is in- |ook|ng ftt the proposition in the light supply winter protection to these fall
.of greater experience and can now see set plants. They wouldn’t be worth in sterilizing the utensils, but of how# if faB setting can be made sue-j shucks if not fully protected from the course this is not always Installed (,e9sfu^ the p,an offera one very dec,d„ injuriqus results of exposure to win,
T . ,	,	.	and it is necessary therefore, to foi-^ed advantage t0 ug| viz., the setting of ter’s frost and sunshine, and the henv-
I find that on	low,	low out the rinsing and washing pro- plants will come at a season when ing action upon the soil of ‘ Sugar
.	. é	,	J	t1 ^	. N,tVer other work is far less pressing. With Weather." One of my helpers said,
wry ,arge and tough, it	is	more	wipe the utensils after washing them r jarge amount of work of this sort when I cautioned him against getting
«¦¦Hi
accustomed to using dynamite, he ^ commercial utilization at present, grower came to moisten the soil down stand made secure-— M. N. Edgcrton. of the meadows and this brings them calIed uPon ,me . to b4last out these jt ig of more than pa8ajng interest, into winter quarters in good condi- stumps	m water, for it was Kggg are held in a half dozen oval
tion.	: *00 wct ant^ boggy to get them other-, holes provided in a metal plate. Their
profi	:ice on this	f	.	! large ends point toward a common. It lg p0S9ible for a person to be ’ Country of mine, that gave me birth.
“1 would like to know how to do farm jg that of piowing Up fields that . 1 Mnd tha) t,la<tl.og tor tree-plant- ^ntre. While intense light is passed undeservedly popular. His popular- Land of the maple and the pine, good farming without sheep" says become We€dy after harvest These	f tor lX or s,|atle tree8; through them, they are photographed. it muy not be due t0 good qualities, What richer gift has this round earth
Mrs. George McKerrow, of Wiscon- fie|ds are gown to rape and turnips, 9 .one <>f the most profitable ways of A powerfui iens |s used and an ex- bJt to wealth or other advantages. . Than these fair, fruitful fields of sin, one of the best and most widely and later the sbeep are turned in. usin£ dynamite. K. v>;	posure ranging upward to three minu- Many people honor a person for sel-	thine?
known sheep breeders of American. They eat the rape and turnip tops	-?- tes is made. The result is a picture figb reasons. They think it pays Like sheets of gold thy harvests run,
“Why?" he continued. 'Because my w|tb relish and will later hollow the	Getting Even	that shows the size of the air chamb- them to bave big good will.	; Glowing beneath the August sun;
sheep use up the wastes of the farm. meat from the turnip, leaving but a	'	. '	ers in the eggs.	a humble person may after all. Thy white peaks soar,
They clean up the grass, weeds, brush shell	1 "Yes," remarked a conceited young ^	-»	have ag many reaI friends as an Thy cataracts roar.
and gleanings, and in so doing turn Mr. McKerrow has found that a bachelor, I have the greatest admir-	A Patriotic Urge	honored one. The Mends of the Thy forests stretch from shore to
into cash what otherwise would be frequent change of pasture is bene- at ion for the fair gex, but I never ex- Colonel Grimbattle—Why so gay? former are generally true, being	shore;
lost."	ficial	to the sheep. A thirty-six-inch P^st to marry—oh, dear no!"	You were in deep mourning the last friendly because ofr admiration for Untamed, thy northern prairies lje
“Sheep," he says, “make tho most woven wire fence in twenty-rod "Indeed!" remarked a lady. “Then time I saw you.	him and not because they are seek- Under an open, boundless sky;
economical gains of any kind of live lengths is moved about, thus prevent- I nm to understand that you not only The Widow Lookabout—I was. But |ng worldly favor. He knows who Yet one thing more our hearts 1m stock because they cean up the oJds ing the too short cropping of the admire women, but you have a sin- g|nca the soldiers began to rendezvous | bis "true friends are, but the other and ends. They are particularly grass, and furthermore reducing the cere regard for them as well,”	here I’ve been called to the colors
useful on the farm in the fall of the internal parasite plague to a mini for they turn into mutton the mum
I could never see what plank drag


a
By Agronomist.
This Department Is for the use of our farm readers who want the advice ef an expert on any question regarding soli, seed, crops, etc. If your question la of sufficient general Interest, It will be anewered through this column. If stamped and addressed envelope le enclosed with your letter, a complete • newer will be mailed to you. Address Agronomist, care of Wilson Publishing Co., Ltd., 73 Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
To be
This loose surface
And when a man has
the history of drifted away from live Stock it is all
the more difficult for him to take up the work where he left off.
turns
Save the Soil
Never before in
Canadian agriculture has there been any such a tendency toward the depletion of soil fertility Thousands	lA _
of farmers in our richest agricultural ff0ln* ** result of the presen regions who were at one time growers ' generation of farmers drifting away of good cattle, sheep and hogs are be- from live stock farming on the future coming soil robbers. The high price generations of farmers . of grain is tempting them to sell in- Acuity of teaching the coming gener-stead -of feed out the crops. One at«on how to care for live stock is may build up his bank account by 811 re *° hold hack development o that process for a few years, only to industry for many years. Tn*re-flnd that he has really been selling ^re, grain must he grown until the his farm by the wagon-load. Every farmer is affected by reduced fertility consideration present and prospective, and consequent declining yields. I hen points to the importance of maintain- wdlcn the *hle doe# turn, a8 ** evening and increasing the fertility of the dually must turn, there is go ng to he land, and this is just the reason why a mighty problem of restoring the every farmer in C anada whose land wasted fertility and a mighty hunger will support live stock ought to find for knowledge of live stock feeding
some way of utilizing good animals in and S('i’ management, his system of farming. The farms ! One thing is certain, that Unless on which some sort of live stock may there is a complete change in our not profitably be maintained are few methods of farming, grain will never and far between.	he M cheap as it has been in former
.	.	years. There are too many dr
The high price of grain has not mands for it besides feeding it to live continued long enough to enable any- stocki In fact< there are only two one to measure its full effects, nor way8 0f increasing grain production; haw we any means of determining one by increasing soil fertility; the whether the conditions which are hold- other by ^tter methods of culture, mg the price of grains to their present Both of‘ which are educational prolevel will continue long enough for the	and necessarily slow,
full effects to •• realized. One of- yve stock raising is the best infect, however, is pram, that it is surance against an impoverished
checking the movement toward crop agriculture. Those who have studied rotaf.on, stock feeding and maintaining the fertility of the soil. Should this continue for years to come, we
or vow
What is
Another question arises
ru CO AND BORROW MOTHERS MUFF, I THINK THE FUR 15 JUST THE W TO NAME A TAU DRUM MAJOR5 HAT WE HAVE NO DRUM - BUT WHAT Of THAI
The H if
X

All
, To Blast Big Stumps.
About the first work I did with dynamite was to tackle a big field of stumps
cent, grade, which is about the proper thing to use for stump-blasting on ordinary soils boggy ground, where the stumps are
are
utensils used daily stalled it can be used very effectively
For this I used a 40 per
as I have described
cess,
fear that this terrific waste of fertil ity that is going on will not only con tinue hut actually increase.
the acre
Wi
“Country of Mine."
Popularity
ploie—
That greatness may not pass thee by I
—Helena Coleman.
doesn’t. When an apparently popular man fails in a financial or any other way which reduces him to a humble position he soon finds who his
true friends are.	,	Farmers are not slow in recogniz-
l » SJ m.,	.« f.r .......	a. ..... , Curtw,
After harvest. Mr. m!kW. | yr» W KU Mr. MeK«r.. | ,„,SK:C:":Kh'=e.lLZ A	Z
sheep are turned into the oat	fields for peculiar	conditions might not % Dot| jt wm	be answered personally If stamped,	addressed envelope Is en« former usually doesn’t seek popu-	usi >em too
s z» '.rz'z 'r: ïr„ ^	yirt % t, :\%7rLr.
tin,, gradually iuere.sed until ,t the J«lty of f.rn,. in thi. country. They St. We.t. Toronto	; p.p.l.y if h. h.s tho .dv.ot.g... (1‘,“	t*h, ,„d„ „ l
end of a week they have complete. turn uas^e into cash Hu sort o Remedies for Nervous Diseases. i the material causing them is used up, When a person has only a few ene- buBineas man
mmm msMkmmmm
r*-V-« « =	^-*1^	“Kicin..	gtren in
are grown for the caUle and sheep on / KT/Jjj	X eTm*	t	.. .	this disease and sometimes seem help- *h:P he doesnt desire. One per- gheet„ under each letter written. Car-
Mr. McKerrow's place, and after the V_) Jl \JïJ2f L 1 (	1 dont mean that medicines are | ^ though I would not recommend 40n may truthfully say of another ^ copies are accepted as evidence
larger roots are hauled into storage G clippings are an excellent Powerlesa to relive some of their the patent medicines advertised to that he may have acted good with In the courts. Card index records for	winter	use,	the	sheep	are	turned	?eed Zr Sickens. The	back'	^Ptoms, but I do not know of	any	j cure	it. If a child with thi. dis-	nearly everybody else but that he act-j	can ^ printed by	the typewriter; also
Into the	field	and	eat the smaller ones	. pouitrv flocfc 0f a family	often	tbat Wil1 cure tbem’ wben °“ce	xsel	ease	has good food, plenty of sleep,	e<* mean^ Ult^ bim
that romain. Both the sheep and lambs iavka gufficient green feed with a esta,l‘’shed, any more than they can sunlight and outdoor exercise, is clean
are turnt^lnt^^h^^ftermath consequent reduction of egg and meat cure cancer<	in his habita, and i» kept free from	Individual Churns.	many
production. With the easy avail- Neither do I	include in this sweep-	excitement, he will get well in nine	The cream-gathering truck stopped	good	rebuilt	typewriter	can be pur-
ability of lawn clippings the poultry- ing statement	the milder	forms	of,	cases out of ten without a drop of	tbe weekly or daily churning for us,	chased	for about	$26	or	$30.
rnan can always have green feed neuralgia which are often relieved	medicine.	and the idea of table butter became	The	repair	expens*	is	usually	very
through the summer for his chickens: and cured fqjr the time at any rate, by	Epilepsy may disappear after a few	B question. The creamery	had that	slight	if	the	typewriter	is	oiled	occa-
The flock can be fed daily as much of external or internal remedies.	; years with good hygienic care, though flxed before they asked us for our sionally and used with reasonable
the green clippings as they wifi eat. In a great many cases it is a waste I am aware that frequently it does cream.	care. It will be necessary to pur-
If any continued bowel trouble shows, of good money to buy medicines, and not.	J The nice-looking, high-class cream- chase a new ribbon once or twice a
[	1 the amount should be reduced.	Thd	to expect them to Cure disease	will	It	is *so benefited by careful reg-	ery butter wrapped in tissue paper	yesy, depending	on the amount of
remainder of the clippings can be al-	almost surely be disappointing.	ulatlon of the diet and habits, and I	and packed in ice, right to our door	writing done; but	this (s a very small
( lowed	to	dry	and	fed	moistened	dur-	Three medicines and perhaps	futir	am fre* to say there are some power-	every	time	they	came for our cream, item of expense,
ing the	time	between	lawn	cuttings.	lbe world could not well do without,	*ul medicines now used for it which	wa8	their answer
Amounts In excess can be dried for opjum to relieve pain, quinine to cure are apparently of great value. / We tried it. Fresh and clean as it I winter use. Dried grass clippings malarial poisoning, mercury to cure	u may be	to° •a.riy to say wheth-	was, it did not fill the want	for good
are a good green food for winter. Bypbiiu and salicylic acid to cure	er thfy wl11	cure it permanently or	( country butter
They can be dried and stored in sacks, rheumatism.	not’ tbey arc not 1,k * v to cure those	It is out of the question to make a
These died clippings, moistened and We could manage to get	along	if	***** in ^^h the cause of the die"	churning each week with the big
t Tjzütëïûi ,l" ”u"r' w,r‘ du"p*d i % sra. % Æsr p;.t: sr. z ss r Æ ».
-	*3*™*
used In buying good simple food, how yet been able to find any help for able of making clean butter, and It la much better everybody would be, ex- him.	operated easily.—O. W. B.
cent, of course, the patent medicine	Answer—If you will send a etamo-
makere.	ed and addressed envelope, I will be
Some nervous diseases are	self-	very glad to send you an article on
limited* they Wu like a candle	until j	Epilepsy, which you may read.
Water is also an important
*
year
things :hat otherwise would not be consideration, and ewes particularly used. At the same time they save should have water the same as dairy the feed stuffs that would be given cows. them if they did not have access to these other things.”
GOOD HEALTH QUESTION BOX
The Farmer’s Office

For the sake of the
bills, loose-leaf records, etc.
The first cost may be a bugbear to*" This is a needless fear, as a
l
¦r
ORINOCO
CUT COARSE FOR PIPE USE
WOOL
To Conserve Fish Waste
Farmers who ship their wool direct to us get better prices than farmers who sell to the general store.
ASK ANY FARMER 1
who has sold his wool both ways, end note whet he says— or, better still, write ns for our I prices ; they will show you how | ! much you lose by selling to the I 1 General Store.	I
^v#highest prices of any f •— ¦ *
EEETJEÉ
“¥s5ï3$ES,rw
The Canada Food Board has been advised by Messrs. Ernest Scott A Company, engineers, Fall River, Mass.,
prepared to install
Pay More and Eat Less.
“One could eat two meals in succession very easily in London, and leave the table slightly minus the self-satisfied feeling to be got by unrestricted eating in any American Cafe, writes Raymond B. Bolton, a newspaper correspondent. "In addition one has to pay more on the average for a meal Here than in the United States or
Oifiada."
.l
i

"5
“An easy Job will suit me." "Ho#: about winding the clocks every week ?"
But what's
In paraffin oil for "I might make that do | I make excellent fire- the matter with tearing the leaves
"1 !
¦ will ï
Corks if i a few hours lighter».
H. V. ANDREWS
IS CHURCH #T* TORONTO

###PAGE###7###
FLIES ARE BABY'S FOEB.
A NIGHT IN THE AIM PATROL.
w
¦
î «,
AutoStrop
mm
mm

Direct Cause of Death of Thousand» of
Little Onee.
#
Perils and Exploits of Heroes Who Guard London Against Raids.
The t
BAKING
hlWUiH
y- /.

The fly Is a relentless foe of the Imhy
On the hairy legs and sticky mouth parts thoee pests carry disease germs. If they get Into baby's milk, or light on the Mean bottles or nipples or crawl over the child's Bands or face they leave behind a trail of these Infectious germs. (Jerms transmitted In this maimer are one of the Important causes of "summer compalnt" and the resultant deaths of thousands of babes

I
bJng of darkened London by raiding Zeppelins has been vividly described many times; but we have not heard much about the perils and exploits of those alert and daring hawks of the night, the British air patrol, who are the city's defense against the raiders. Mr. Phillips Dwight Bader, In Sunset, has recently given an excellent account of his experiences when he served with them.
Have you ever been on a railway
1 watched
b


w

m
P

yr









s
•%

Hade in
CANADA

3i
3P"'
y

A
V
mm
•very summer.
A running of the bowels, particularly when accompanied by vomiting, should cause anxiety on the part of the parent. It Is a particularly bad
sign In hot weather. If, at any time. Retired Farmers' Opportunity more especially during the summer, AJflily men living in town to-day a green watery etool appears, or as h#ve ipent mo„t of buey lives on the many as three watery movements oo- farmg They have earned their recur during a day, call In your family tirement- But the need for laving physician at once He le better able ^ lgl8 harvest U very great. Rato do something for the baby If called	fermers have , .plendid oppor-
“AT RAILHEAD" IN WAR ZONE. In early than If called In late. While , to h#lp out ln the pre,ent criai»
waiting tor him to come give nothing ^ „tny have volunteered to work
tumTt t.hn«obabay "r^œôk.r^wHh ?od“ Every one'Zt'IfoTÎnW
The 8.8.0 a car turns Into the In- ci0thlng that does not permit the body road leading to railhead, and le beat to escape.
171
train at night, he auks, a I the luudecape rushing by? Your speed Is, «ay, sixty miles an hour. If you hit anything you have tons of steel and wood to break up before it finally gets
even then your chances of
lYI


\


¦¦¦¦
getting hurt are good.
Now, picture yourself In an aeroplane at night. Your engine stops. ! front This French official photograph
Tii© machine Is fast and heavy. Your ph Wfte uken than one hundred yards from the Germans gliding speed seventy hour, Down, down, down you rush. | -You cannot see the earth at all. You are In the same position as If you were on a linen and-epruce express train loaded with dynamite, and run- ; nlng wild at seventy -miles an hour.
It Is peril such am that, not that of encountering the enemy, which the anxious flyer has oftenest upon his mind. Mr. Rader narrates a typical experience:	Zeppelins had been re-
ported off the east coast, approaching London. He was ordered to take the air, proceed in a certain direction for one hour, at an altitude of nine thousand feet, and return at the end of that time to his home aerodrome., He swept upward in climbing circles. The guiding flares below vanished. ^
“Around me," he says, “nothing except grayish blackness, perforated above by the stars and below by occasional pin pricks of violet light that some careless housekeeper has left unshaded. I seem to have entered a silent shrouded world. The reaction to he excitement of ray ascent comes.
I try to sing. My very voice, audible above the roar of the engine, sounds uncanny, and a cold chill runs down my back.
Swiftly 1 whirl—It Is only the uncanny form of my own fuselage.
“Away off to the right a shaft of light * like a silver pencil cuts up through the sky! Now another! Another! Still more. Some wave back and forth, others hold their shafts Upon yiese fields of Flanders and those steady, like colossal marble columns
the wlth the ,black Mrtb-1 The well-cut separate waist and At this dire moment The shafts concentrate In one spot. gklrt ere ,, e appreciated by
For a few seconds only another ellver womaJl ^ good Ugte. McCall Pat-pencil appears, parallel to the rest of ^ No 8401> Ladles' Blouse.... . the lights. Then little dashes of red ^	g4 to 4G buat> No. 8438, Cadies*
light, like matches being lit In the die- Twq m Three-Piece Skirt. In 7 sizes, tance, appear they have spotted a ^ ^ 84 waist- price, 20 cents each.
Zeppelin with the searchlights down
below and are shelling it. Shall I fly In that direction? No. My orders are
3 I hold
A
/. 'A'

A French armoured car supporting a British attack on the Western
taJCen less than one hundred
was
an
Mechanical Perfection
There are many reasons why the AutoStrop Is the ideal
aviator's razor, but one elands ont moie prominently than the others and will Instantly appeal	¦
Knight of the Air", that Is. Its mechanical perfection.
Every aviator knows and appreciates what mechanical perfection means— his plane muet be perfect in every detail to avoid accidents.
I ¦rov be perfection Itself to give complete satisfaction. The AutoStrop is the one raaor that will give ooiinnuoua service without the annoyance of buying new blades, because it Is the only rmsor that sharpens It own blades automatically—the 12 blades yon receive with the AutoStrop will give yon at least 500 dean, comfortable shaves.
Two Popular Designs
Where Supplies Are Distributed to the
Firing Line.
el, for experienced men are at a premium. Their knowledge of how to do thing» would help to make inexperienced men and boys efficient.
way
promptly halted by a vigilant Traffic Control. A long column of A.S C.
wagons Alls the road.
They are supply wagons of a divisional train, waiting Its turn to draw supplies from the pack-trains which arrive dally from the base, brink % rations for man and beast.
LEMONS WHITEN AND
BEAUTIFY THE SKIN
Klaard's Uniment Cores Diphtheria.
HU rarer
Make this beauty lotion cheaply for your face, neck, arms and hands.
Colored Scavengers.
Paris streets have recently gained In picturesqueness by the employment
Ebony-hued
At the cost of a small Jar of ordinary
.of colored scavenger»
The eenlor supply officer makes a creftm one can prepare a full quar- genegBiese and copper-colored Arabs short cut across to the wilderness of ter pjnt 0f the most wonderful lemon from Algiers and Morocco, whose ter-sidings, tracks, stacks of stores, for- Bkln BOftener and complexion beauti- ^tta fezes contrast eo deliciously age, fuel, and salvage comprising an fler by BqueezlDg the Juice of two fresh wlth the pale blue soldiers' uniform,
lemons Into a bottle containing three	or affect to clean, metropolitan
of orchard white. Care should
Special Military Outfit ¦ Price, $5.00	1
Al LMikf Stem Everywkere
AutoStrop Safety Razor Co.
13-17 Dek. Si.,
"advanced railhead.”
The 8.9.0. picks hie way
gangs of Jabbering Chinamen. His oh | be uken t0 strain the Juice through a Jectlve is a sandbagged but bearing Qne ci0th so no lemon pulp gets in, the sign "K.S.O.” Beside It Is another, tben this lotion will keep fresh for labelled “R.T.O.”	months. Every woman knows that
The railway transport officer sees j^mon Juice Is used to bleach and re-to the traffic arrangements. The rail- move such blemishes as freckles, sal-heed supply officer takes over the sup- |owness and tan and Is the Ideal skin ply trains as they arrive, checking softener, w hi ten er and beautifler. the contents and issuing them to the just try It I
various divisions and units “feeding" Orohard white at any drug store and Off his railhead.	two lemons from the grocer and make
Each division has its senior officer, ^ a quarter pint of this sweetly frag whose Job It Is to see that It receives rant lemon lotion and massage it dally all, if not more, than Its lawful require- into the face, neck, arms and hands, ments, to the last pint and pound. If n jB marvelous to smoothen rough, any item of food or forage Is deficient, red hands.
It must be procued promptly elsewhere, from some reserve.
A word to the supply column supply the | officer la all now that Is necessary.
1 Spare lorries are standing by for such
In 7 I emergencies.*
The 8.8.0. returns to his wagons, now? drawing up beside the pack-train.
Each truck bears the identification number of the division to which it Is assigned. One truck or more is packed tight with bread—eighty loaves to a sack. Others are loaded with frozen
There are trucks of
amid
thoroughfares In the boulevard there la a giant negro, with the lordly gait of an African prince, who trails his besom behind him as majestlcaly as If R were a peacock’s feather fan.
ounces
tnse
y/v
MONEY ORDERS
Send a Dominion Express Money Order Five Dollars costs three cents.
An elevator for the Alberta Pacific Grain Company is being erected at Claresholm.
If you want to add piquancy to cottage cheese, either purchased at the store or made at home, add a few chopped-up cherries. Another way of varying the flavor is to mix in ll tiny chopped onions.
tvtr
Cl 044
If •
\
88
Get three ounces of
i
i
Something Is following!
1*
Ary
MeCals
\
151-4
*
Brothers in Arme.
South American Visitors.
With a view to a greater Interchange of commerce between South America and Canada, Mr. E. W. Lloyd, New York export manager of the British firm of Frederick Huth and Company, and Mr, Miguel A. Volcan, of Caracas, Venesuela, have been visiting the Canada Food Board have quantities of hides, tobacco, coffee and cocoa for which they want a Canadian market, while in return they need 'such commodities as canned goods, malt, etc.
plains of Italy,
Brothers !
there Is waged titanic strife;
Nearly every stream in Europe now runs red unto the sqa,
From hills, war-tramped, where freedom is sore struggling for her -life.
rOB SALE
eekly newspaper for sale
r &5
that amount Apply J H c/o WiUoe Publishing Co.. Llmlted^JTorçnto.__
ELL EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER and job printing plant In Eastern Ontario. Insurance carried $1.100. Will go for $1.200 on quick sale.
Wilson Publishing Co. Ltd.
t>E&10RKBD NEWFOUNDLAND Puppies, that noble breed now so nearly extinct, We have some very fine ones R A Gillespie. Abbotsford. Que.
w
France
W
They
>
Box 69. Toronto.
And we were happy, happy lads at home but yesterday,
With bat and ball, with oar and rod, with song and feast and mirth;
War's challenge made us men at once, and broke the charm of play, And here we’ll die ere freedom shall be driven from the earth.
Thlokk Some will see the fourth Yule-tide dawn to the roar of guns; For all who He nenth folded hills we cannot stop to weep.
And we—Freedom’s last citadel— must face the furious Huns; And on the frontiers of the world appointed vigils keep.
to proceed on my course, a
Then suddenly the lights are The firing ceases. The raider My hour is up. I turn

beef or mutton, groceries, hay, oats, and any amount of sundries, down to fly-papers^ woodpreserving oil, and cigarettes.
In theory, lorries only should be loading this bulk of stuff at railhead, conveying It forward to ''refilling point,” for shipment there into A.8.C. horse wagons.
But then In theory railhead should always be some ten or fifteen miles behind the firing-line, whereas this one
Is scarcely five
it Is to be pushed up closer still. And then look out for shells! \
true.
gona^^H disappears
“I have flown for an hour and forty-five minutes now. Anxiously I strain to see the aerodrome nighffmarks, but beneath and before me Is only dark-I have flown now another ten I should have sighted the

A'l
YOU
¦e WANTED— $1,000 make It In your county with our
One
A GENTS
fit eelllna Combination Cooker. talesman banks $$$$.66 the first month. Another agent sells JO In two hours. Other» cleaning up $10 dally. No capital necessary. Goods shipped to reliable men on time. Territory going fast Write quick to secure your field. Combination ProductsCOy^Thomas Bldg. Foster Que
1
«
Montreal, May 29th, 09 Mlnard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Yarmouth, N.8.
Gentlemen,—I beg to let you know that I have used MINARD’S LINIMENT for some time, and I find It the best I have ever used for the Joints and muscles.
,
i
ness n u
aerodrome flares five minutes since. Where have they gone? flyer’s fear of a lost landing place comes to me as I strain my eyes to
see the flaring L."
“My heart beats fasti for I eee a dirtyk milky substance begin to crawl the black earth In spots—the dreaded ground mist Isdrawing a wet blanket over my landing place. It may mean crashing Into the side of a house or a hill if the gas flares fall to show.”
When at last the welcome flares Alexander Louis Fraser. | showed the stiff and weary aviator the
way to safety, bis first thought was Never allow anything to keep you t0 telephone hie report; In response from being polite. Courtesy Is a kindly a voice over the wire told him Jubi-and thoughtful consideration of others lantly:
that will give you a distinctive posl- "Lieut. Braadon has brought down tion and win the admiration of all the Z-15 over the Thames eatuary. with whom you come in contact. t Good night’s work. the Zeps have -n:.-.:—¦i.vsr- ,	not scored this night.”
The night
Yours very truly,	/"YaNCBR. TUMORS. LUMPS. ETC.,
THOMAS J. HOGAN, V Internal and external, cured with-
The Champion Clog and Pedestal «»%ÜÜ Dancer of Canada.	K.. Limited. Col ling wood Qnt______
Next week, what 1b
more
V
Then, brothers, can you wonder that.
In mud and rain we ask When, In the lull of firing, we wipe across our smoky brow :
"O, where In all the future will you find a grander task,
Where will a year of man's short life count more than here and now ?”
o
WITH THE FINGERS!
r
SAYS CORNS LIFT OUT
81818
I
9
Music in the Schools.
The springing up of the community chorus here and there indicates clearly that music has passed the dilettante stage, And it is a healthy sign. The desire for expression must not be J stifled, whatever its channel, and when that channel happens to be of a musical nature, the need for facilities for j
,------ .	, _	further development and expansion
wtU apply on the corn » few drope of	a question of individual at-
Here i* an especially attractive de-	treezone. eaye a Cincinnati auth°^j	tention no longer, but	a national issue
sign for the popular pajamas Me-	At Utilsicoet one can get	a .mail	ParticnIarly	preain#	u the want of
SfiSKS-? ÏÏ UTmSt	5SS 1%%.:	ot	music in the	schools,	and It U in this
82, 84, medium, 86, 88, and large, 40,	every com or callus without	pain or
the danger of Infection.
This new drug is an ether com-
dm
WITHOUT ANY PAIN
!
y UAZvJZ
O
+ •
4
Sore corns, hard corns, soft corns or any kind of a corn can shortly be lifted right out with the fingers If you
*
i
y
*
i
!



?

department that most harm may be
¦£S"im *
y as a certainty that in freelon# he cac ensflj get a email hot the twentieth century no one will be	from ^ ^,^1* drug
able to boast that he has created anything absolutely new In fashions. The
Eugenie
were a reminiscence of thé panniers
1
WORLD’S LARGEST DISHES.
Belonged to the Indians of Vancouver
Island.
The largest food dishes in the world recenty bought off the Indians of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, for the Museum of the American Indian, New York City.
These dishes were purchased from a tribe named Kwakiutls, which in English means "Smoke of the World." They are used for special festivals when great numbers of Indians gather to celebrate some religious or ritual festival. The dishes are carved out of wood and stews and soups are brought to boiling point by dropping hot stones Into the food. Carvings at the ends represent the clan to which the dish belongs.
R
t
Suits Your
OwnTaste
50#
The Meglc Heeling Ointment—
¦lions. s*ck es
Seeks, blisters, eel», boils, piles end abac
All desleys, or write ee.
HIRST REMEDY COMPANY. Hemilion. Ceaadg
I BOG SPIT!! 0*
thorough?!!
Seethes end heals all Infla
Z3

eeld ter ever 25 years
One can
ou can vary
the strength I of your	:
Instant
POSTOM
ly using either more or less of the powder to: the cup. A level
teaspoonful : seems to please most people. :
Y
YOU CAN’T cm cm
Paria To Eat Chestnut Loaf.
Dr. Labesse, professor in the medi- fort you cam clean them off promptly with cal school at Angers, urges the use of chestnuts in bread, says a Paris de-
house.
crinolines of the Bmp
cheese
When the curds of cottage <
, ,	. , refuse to be anything hot toug
ElWfM pSssrs
high waist» and sties* dresses, but	____ points out, and says a considerable
before them Mme Recanfler had done MiMMrd^ xaau.«t Oaiee otite «te savin* in potatoes and wheat could
the same -thing, and the drew of	----- ! be affected by asm, them in bread,
Mme Recam 1er were suggested by the One of the reasons why a small flock ecc0rding to a recipe which was de-Greeks and the Romans In short, of hens does better than a l»nr< iock m0nstrated before the Aot likd everything else, fashion Is a part U because table scrape form a «rge Relances as long ago as IWl of the same everlasting come and go. part off the mall flock’s rations ana We do not advance as we are so prone they
h and
ABSORBINe
M* *"T9A"X MMK RlC.b SPAT Off
and you work the horse same time. Does not blister or remove the hair $2.50 per bottle, delivered* Will tell you more if you write. Book 4 R free. ABSORBINE, JR , the entisep reduces Vi
tic liniment for mankind, aricose Veins, Ruptured
The Friendless Soldier. x While mothers smile, who fain would wildly weep,
And sweethearts kiss, in ttjken troth to keep,	s
Hs leans against the stolid station
wall
Without, it seems, a single soul at all To hold his hand; to sorrow iff he die! Dost mark his facet Then say to him good-bye I
I
t
m
r
are an
to imagine; we repeat our steps.
Waste of Food By Doge
Many dogs have already been destroyed in Grest,Britain because -necessity off conserving foodetnfT* It Is estimated that there are between
Ion dogs in the Unit-
id Kingdom, and a committee haaj been considering the question off their rationing and the extinction of a cer-
Myrtk
s
t
of
the
8df V
BE5D.

6
*2
A Delicious Drink More Healthful THanTéaOr Coffee

Drswing Teseher — WhntI Forgotten your pencil again T What



I'd think he
188UB No. 81—*1»

###PAGE###8###
\
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
To the Farmers and Dairymen
of Pontiac :
The Stair! Boot anil Shoe Store
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public of this district. Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’interest to consult me before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
The time is here when we have to turn to labor-saving machinery, owing to the scarcity of labor.
Cheapness in Shoes
The Empire Mechanical Milker
Its one of the greatest labor-savers, and is now being used extensively and successfully in most dairy sections of the country, and is also recommended very highly by Prof. Archibald, Director of Government Exp. Farms, The fact that it is being used by twelve Experimental Farms and Colleges in Canada, furnishes convincing proof of its merits.
The Empire Cream Separator Co., of Montreal, has received the following testimonial from a Pontiac farmer
TESTIMONIAL -
To Tub Kmpirr Cream Separator Co., Montreal
“ I like the Milking Machine fine and would not be without it at any nriee. The cows seem to prefer it to hand milking.
I can milk twenty one (21) cows in less than an hour and it did not cost me one cent for repairs.
(Signed) DANIEL SHEA,
Campbells Bay, It. It. No. 1.
For further information apply to the Empire Cream Separator Co., Montreal, or the undersigned local agent.
Does not depend upon their price but upon the service they give
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
And on this score low prices and real cheapness were never so far apart as they are today, because good service giving leather is higher than ever in cost.
Most thing* can be anybody • .gift— |	n ,
Barber SI|op
- opened at -
W. J. Hayes’ Corner.
H I m i v. Artist in Portraiture
To maintain the low price of cheap shoes it is necessary to use even more inferior leather than usual. That can result in one thing only—less service, less wear, therefore less economy.
groom Acted ns groomsman.
After the ceremony, they drove to the home of the bride, where a
few of the immediate relatives, partook of dinner. After dinner Customers may rely on getting the young couple motored to the l>romP( and satisfactory service groom's home where a very plea- ' reasonable rates.
saut evening was spent.	I	A Call Solicited
I he y on tig couple received many useful presents, including several | TRUEMAN TUCK -
cheques
All
Latest Fixtures and Equipment
J. L. HODGINS, Shawville.
SHAWVILLE.
In buying we look for service, value, style and comfort in shoes, and we do not let a “ bargain price ” blind us
to the lack of them.
MASSEY-HARRIS
join in wishing Mr. and Mrs. Way a happy and prosperous future.—Com.
(The Popular Farm Machinery)
Having taken the agency for the SAWYER & MASSEY CO., for this county, I wish to inform the municipalities and farmers that I can supply them with a full line of ROAD AND FARM MACHINERY.
NOTICE
FORT COULONGE.
The undersigned wishes to announce the opening of a Jewel-
Aug. 12-A very successful and enjoyable Lawn Social, under the auspices of the Homemakers’ Club. vy Store in the premises lately was held on the beautiful lawn of vacated by R. W. Hodgins.
Mr. J. W. Hennessy on Friday evening and Saturday afternoon and evening, the Uth and 10th instants. Much praise is due the members of the Club and Mr. and Mrs. Hennessy for the undoubted success of the fete. The proceeds are to be devoted to Red Cross work.
Mrs. (J. E. Reid, of Portage du Fort was a week-end guest of Mrs.
Albert Boulter.
P. E. SMILEY,
THE HOUSE of QUALITY.
All Watch, Clock and Jewelry Repairs will be thoroughly guaranteed and receive his personal attention.
Local and District.
^ our family, friends and Voisine soviatvs want your portrait, range ot folders to choose from
III Ml AON,
Artist in Portraiture
ss asX hive
BERT WAINMAN
The King of the Road Builder Grader Sawyer & Massey Junior Grader Steel Road Drag Gas Oil Tractors Threshing Outfits, etc., etc.
Formerly of Hank St., Ottawa, Ont.
Destructive Storm.
Last Wednesday evening fol- ; lowing n day of intense heat, a
thunder storm, or rather a .sue- —	----
cession of storms, swept over this	the terrible ordeal through which j	j0HI1 m Leggo and MM
section, that were tile most \ iolent	they na*»eil, although Mr>. liiues	|)oJ]y Hennessy have returned	I In consequence of the increased price of
of any experienced tor some years,	is said to have >utiered permanent	after	a three weeks’ holiday :,t	hor*e feed, and value of labor, the underand as a consequence their oath	injury to her right ear which re-	North	Situate Mass	J	signed have found it necessary to raise
was marked by considerable dam- mains deaf.	'__1 _	‘__ thrii cartage rates to the following scale :
Vann section, was accompanied age from wind and hail On the I Î.LÎ.tiL,	ascents a trip to station.
!»	Vï t;àiï'Se„Sr I	,r" " "*“* """ “
Green Lake fell pretty thickly, ed general	the shade egm	atct at 110,11 ^
Here also some of the shade trees trees along the road, and out- ' were blown down by the gale, buildings, all of which, excepting	J,w
and one of the cottages damaged, the milk house, had the roofs | Program given at Bristol Pat At Vann R. J. Burgess had a silo, blown off and smashed up.	|	riotic Concert,
demolished, and a quarter mile , As the storm travelled eastward north of there the barn and out- down through the county, it seeni-buildings on the late William ed to gain in violence, and the de-
Sheppard farm (occupied by Geo. stmetion it wrought was cor res-.	.	— I—
Judd) were destroyed by lightning, fxmdingly greater, especially with Wlt" t,ic Anniversary of the Bristol
Mr. Judd's hay crop just stored regard to the damage from hail, Presbyterian Church on Monday cven-away, was consumed, and three although many tiees and fences fo,, August Mh pigs and a calf perished in one of j were blown down, roofs of build- . ,	. .	,,	...
the out-buildings.	' jugs torn off, silos over turned and bisfruniental . In. McMullen and Mrs
At Bert Hodgins’, a short dis- ! in several cases buildings were (\nmt*	.
tance off on the opposite side of completely demolished by wind ( hairman a address —Rev. Hams the road, his largc frame barn was or lire, and some stock killed.	\oad Solo—Rev. Harris.
Sîfc'nTS'oS S 1	K	"w' 0r“‘| 2H?A'“',re<l """ *¦
roof removed.	damage —some fields being utteily Recitation—Miss Mavfarlanc.
The second storm, which cauve J destroyed. Farther on dowti I Vocal Duet—Misse# Verna and Ret ta mi nearly au hour later, struck j through the Eardley flats, where I Grant.
the Section west of Shawville there was a magnificent crop this I Address—14 Reconstruction,”—Rev. Mr. pretty heavily, and extended year, the condition in which the Mahafly down towards the front of the storm left it is said to be pitiable Choir “Consider.” township. Along the telegraph indeed. The loss in that section Recitation—Miss Macfarlane. road between John Horner’s and , will run into many thousands of Vocal Duet — Mesdames Russeli and Murrells, hail tell pretty heavily, dollars. The storm will long be j)ay and did some damage to thesplen- remembered as one of the most1 did grain fields in that district, destructive, and far-reaching in On the farm of Lindsay Armstrong its effects that has ever swept in that neighborhood, n line new down the fertile valley of the barn, nearly completed, was de- Ottawa, molished by the terrific gale that ‘
•ISTSm™.	who Do YOU Ksep Aicorara ,-Th.
reside near Clarendon Station oil Meichant* Bank people ha\e re-the C. N. R.. came through an ex- cently issued the karmers Ac-	___
perience with their lives which V0,VU 1B.<>ok’ h copy of which may I T f v	“ WW tho |)udioe their position, but those in the
seems nothing short of miraculous. b° had byanv farmer who applies j^ntoNe^s.	is the mat- inner circles express amazement at
The young couple, it seems were for This book is got up in a fer with Canada ? enquired a fervent the comprehensive character of the I QTT A TX7T7TT T T? standing together at a window way to show tanners exactly how journalist. One thing only. ( anada organization ready to spring upon | OXlXX W V X1.J1 JÜI looking out towards the station.	niay keep a record of their an innolcnt minority of noise-makers the enemy where least expected,
when a lightning bolt struck the operations during the vear, with-1 who would block the declared will of Many Canadians are already enrolled,
the roijni at the top of the door, | many farmers throiighoiit the and running part way down one cmintry allow their aflairs to run of the door-facings, which it split, ?n 'r.om year to year without
running down that side of her '"K biwiness method-, to then; K «'«••»• A. Macfarkne M A., of tamp-bode tore its way out through operations, which, as a matter of bells Ray, who was killed in action at the toe of her boot, and then en-	nf.ed system as much as any Lens, August 1Mh i917.
countered her husband, who îe- oth?.r ll,J®L of industry. The ex-	—father, Mother and Sisters.
reived a severe shock in the legs, eeptional few who keep an intelli-	___________
Both dropped to the floor and in I ?en£ ,T('0,,d of their afTanS arc doing so were injured somewhat h‘a<*Mig the van in the march ol
by falling against the- organ. It ProKfcssi\ e agriculture. System I After the storm of Wednewlay even was some time liefore they revived ls )s	,ert<,,J. °J ®v^ry larmei ing last I found my barn with one end
sufficiently to realize what bad and easily Applied if he sets lus I out—the rest a ma.*# of broken and
happened. When Mr Hines !mml	1 he Merchants Rank lwistotl timbers, all out of shai^ but j ndlcate a mowing panicky feeling
,,. . „ . 4 d ,
—r- -	ks	I urS= lh.t ,»u	f-t „»»	».
«pïKs ,...........................................................
loue freaks, but fctrange to say the pir-onage, Varm, on July 24th, by	-----*----- | Canadian# form so considerable a
furniture escaped damage. It is the Rev. Cooke, when Miss Flossie	Card ot Thanks	1 proportion of the aerial arm, few
particularly fortunate the build- Seaman, second daughter of Mr. Xl —, „	,	,	.	, Udmlnistrative posts are given them, pies Over,
ing was not set on fire, for had Robt Emmeron, of Bristol Ridge, v >Ir* William (umsteiid, of Clarendon &rben men fall below the exacUng that occurred, it is cpiite probable became the bride of Henry Way. r rf?pL vho ha<l hi* stable burned down lundards, eseential to airmen, they
Mr. and Mrs. Hines would have second son of Mr. and Mrs Fred by lightning on July 29th, «f oires to ex- Lre switched into Infantry battalions	*	—^	^
perished before assistance reached Way, of Huddersfield, One.	press hi# sincere thanks to his neighbors 1 md no opportunity arises to qualify	| J	| g I |	I ' f' % # g |
them.	12 The bride was attended by her for their prompt assistance in saving or the suitable posts which the pure-	i	I	III I \M !¦
We are glad to report they are I cousin, Miss Eva Emmerson, while the rest of his buildings from destruc- X Canadian organisation would open / % | |	|	| | L*	Ig Lm I 1
well on the way to recovery from Mr. Herbert Way, brother of the lion on that occasion	*P tor them.
NOTICE HE. CARTAGE
Call and have a talk with
us.
E. J. HAMILTON
LEWIS CVTHBEUTSON STANLEY LANGFORD
(
Office and Warerooms
Fowls for Sale
HAMILTON BLOCK
SHAWVILLE.
About one hundred Fowls—hens and this year's chickens — chiefly Haired Rocks. Apply to
JAS. ARMSTRONG
The following program was given at the Patriotic Convert livid in connection
Shaw \il le
FOR SALE
Keep in mind the Fact
This is the store that can supply you with your requirements
Stoves and Pipes, Tiqware, Eqamelware, Ironware
All kinds of Eavetroughing and Pipe Fitting
Satisfactorily done
Strip of land running fiom government road to the river,, part of the front of Lot 6, Range 1. Bristol. Splendid pasture lands, well wooded and timbered.
in
J. A. MÀCFARLANE,
Bristol, Que
Give ns a cal
WILL HAVE A “CIRCUS.”
Hides and Pelts bought at highest prices
Canada’s Premier Airman Will Seek
New Honors.
0. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville Que.
Major W. A. Bishop, V.C., with 44 My Experiences at the I his remarkable circus, is shortly to Mr. Watson.	|emerge into the limelight with a
picked team of pilots, including two Toronto men, two New Zealanders, and two Africans. Britain is on the eve of big things in aerial fighting, and is likely to produce sensations in more than one field of operation. Obviously nothing is allowed to transpire that will in any way pre-
Address —
Front,*-Vocal Solo,
Anthem 223 Choir.
Prayer—Rev. J. A. Maefarlane National Anthem.
ARCHIE DOVER
The Chief Trouble
CLOTHIER
QUE.
and more are seeking posts.
Ma, — mshop is at present In charge of a squadron at Hounslow Heath, at London, England.
A new sensational invention adopted by the British authorities comes from a youthful Canadian officer from Lambton, Ont., who recently performed important work with the Italian air force in Italy.
Details showing the extent of the new aerial developments are not divulged, but the net Is spread wide to :orral Hun craft. The first fruits are Already seen in the daily isolated announcements, which, however, give little idea of the immense scope of British plans. Neutral newspapers
Too the majority to get on with the war
Dear Mr. Buyer,»
At this season of the year a change of Clothing becomes a necessity. Heavy winter clothing now becomes burdensome, and it will give you a sense of pride and comfort to wear a
HOBBERLIN SUIT tailored
in the season’s latest style from woolens that are fully representative of Hobberlin quality and dependability.
IN MEMORIAM
Card of Thanks
offer you woolens of excellent quality at moderate prices.
We have a fine range of samples that you should see. Pay us a visit at your earliest convenience and look these sam-
Yours faithfully,
