###PAGE###1###
O
No. 11, 32nd Yeak.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE-, THURSDAY, SEPT. 3,
1014
81.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
:
THE HARDWARE STORE
The Bank of Ottawa.
The Merchants Bank
T
ESTABLISHED 1874.
Of Canada.
Paid up Capital, • Rest ¦	*	•
Total Assets over •
6 4,000,000 4,760,000 64,000,000
ESTA RUSHED 1804.
Vinegar ! Vinegar !
Paid up Capital $7,000,000 Total Assets over Elghty-three Millions of Dollars.
Reserve Fund $7,000,000
;
OVER 96 OFFICES THROUGHOUT CANADA.
Items accepted for
L
Just received our usuali supply Heinzs’ Celebrated Vinegar»
None Better.
Pickling Spices,
Fruit Jars,
Rubber Jar Rings, Parowax.
Get busy and make your Pickles. Never mind the war.
President — Sm. H. Montagu* Allan Vice Pres. — K. XV. Blackwell
of
Gen. Manager — E. F. IfiiiDK.v
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank Account
Shawville Branch Quyon Branch
COLLECTION
May be o fiera ted as a Joint A cut. Incurs no expense nor formality is a most decided business asset Insures money for investment.
on any point in Canada, the United States or abroad.
} F. C. SMYTH, MANAGER.
Fort Conlonge Branch - B. F. CHILTON. Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage dn Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager
More than
HENRY’S
Rend Dover’s Ad
Dover's Sale-Sept. 5th to 12th.
Threshing commenced in this neighborhood last week.
For the latest in Men’s hats come to Dover’s.
The Exhibition at Shawville will be on September 21st, 22nd and
students from the 1G0WUNC /)/)
£3nl
Ottawa, Ont.
The continued ill health of Hon Dr. Roche, Minister of the In
terior, is likely to lead t<> 11i < re-1 If you want a i your buildings, tirenient from the Cabinet shortly, stock, etc., i am prepared to till your reit is reported.	<|uireiiienU. Special prices on applica-
Of course 11 England ” will gain,	Ixiihon, Artist,
not a* much as you will by attending Dover’s Sale.
On the Civil Service Examinations for November, 1913. our stenographers and typist* headed the list of successful ^I candidates for
Received appointments in the Civil Ser* ! c?pturing lhc flr8t« ^cond, and fourth
vice during the year 1913, This is the	......	,	, ,,
l»cst evidence of superior work.	we attribute this success to modern K
met hoc first i lase equipment, and a R_ strong staff of teachers who know what to teach, all having been practical stvno 1 graphers. Send for circular
OTTAWA,ONT
J. H. HAW.
Mr. ami Mrs. A. < 'ohen, of Montreal, announce the engagement <»t Toronto and York county I their daughter Bessie, to Mr. workers had raised on Friday last Archie Dover, merchant, of Shaw the sum of $882,000 for the Cana-1 ville, dinn Patriotic Fund.	----------
Fall Term Opens Sept 1.
Write for full particulars to
W. E. COWLING, President.
Ottawa.
M

..
D. E. HENRY. President.
Bank and Sparks Sts.
PERSONAL MENTION
W. A. HODGINS
Potatoes, corn, beans and garden stuff generally was pretty badly. ...	.....
damaged by frost on Tuesday «mu A. Junkin is taking her	II
SPil llililii II— l r “
strangers to the locality	* ¦ -khhJ
Come one, come all, to Dover's Sale.
7
WILLIS COLLEGE
SHAWVILLE
School
Now is the Time to Enter This Prosperous School.
Our local Vet.. Dot"O'Hara, motored over to the Gatineau that student# may complete their country last week to inspect without interruption.
horses there that are being pur
for military purposes, in connec- Dr. J. W. Armstrong and family chased for the Militia Department.
«rssÆÆsa	.rît
Valcartier.	„	and Mrs. Robert Strutt on Friday
ft small l mon Jack during the war. days in Shaw ville, has been visit- was served and a good time was (let one tree at Dover s.	Ing Mr. J. G. Elliott and other I spent by all.
Mr. W. J. Conroy, of Aylmer reUtives in this section.	A card has been received from
was among the guesta at the Mrs. Seaman will have her the Rev. Charles Reid stating he Pontiac House last week. Mr. mother audsister, Mrs. and Miss arrived safely at Oueenstowr ,,eon-Conroy is promoting the develop- Aikens, of Simcoe. Ont., for guests voyef| by a warship The rev
mB€§m	-EEOS-F —	„ haTe a g00d .too* of
»	jËAüftSKsw» r.*..o.„- *
the water-powers has already been for a Montreal dealer.	bargain*. To be conrinccd attend our	11. imihon, Artist
^tlb/ir„ry WhlCh Mother*’ :—Your bojr will need a newl®*^*1 A. Dover.
Although Canada contain* it* 8U't for.l8ch°ol1. “¦ one ttt Dover’8 quota of anti-imperialist* and wl)ere ,the rtock Rnd ety|e* are n,,w and stand patters in the face of the Pncee tow
grave situation which confronts	T—7* * .	At Bristol, on Thursday, Aug
the Empire at the present time, This week two young ladies, 27, 1914 to Mr. and Mrs. J. A. £ the great over-rnling wave of	^ Mcllowell and Miss L. Cowley, a son
patriotism surges on and each day Armstrong, will make a canvass of	, .	FOR SALE—à beautiful
Jggtjra
ate donations which each in them- (,De should assiht this cause, no I i itchard, a daughter wives represent what many would patter how small their contribu-
regard as a fortune. These apart tlon raaF **	DEATH
###### Spto
taxation which the Government I f&uji 1*,. ^T a	f Wednesday afternoon after
has deemed it expedient to impose 1 ol,ltry» etc_~Ml88	illness of two weeks onlv. Death
mmm
JS2» <* .bmeotory JU/ ~ -g*	,Z
The Edmonton “Capital” of The remains were conveyed to August 25th reports that a man the home of her son Walter, at named T. G. Cook, manager of the Portage du Foi t Thursday after 4...	.	, Imi#erial Lumber Co., has been noon, and on Friday at 2 p. m. the
There are «till a number of placed under arrest and brought funeral took place to 9t. George's I FOR SALK—The vacAncie* for the one-year (home- L Bdmonton, in connection with Church maker) andtwo-year (wet, tut ion the mv*teri«»u* murder of W. B. administration), '-ounwe in the Crawford, who*e body warn found School of Houœhnld Science, Mac- jn a well about two month* ago. donald College. P. Q , which extend from September 8th to June According to announcement Rev. I these columns last week, took
10th. The courses include work Rural Dean Saunders, G. M. of the place to the Carp Methodist church	_,Tf _____ OIDt,C4Un
in bacteriology and hygiene, them-	Grand Orange Lodge of Quebec.	I la*t Thursday afternoon and wax	C^corbin. fo,	;w?
istry, cooking, english, home nurs-	addressed a public meeting at the	largely attended. It was under	will contract with municipalities to
ing, household accounts, house-	Oranv- Hall here on Monday even-	the direction of Carleton Ixxlge	manufacture pipe*. H T. M< Dowell*
hold administration, household	ing. Whether from the stress of	A. F. A A. M. and many prominent	Sow Shawville Que
furnishing laumlrying, millinory.	harvesting oiieiatlotifl, or other	people of the county were
ncodlrwork, nutrition, physical	matters tx-rupying their attention,	The church was crowded, many
training, physics, physiology, and	the number of members of the	being unable to gain admission
practical housekeeping ; and with	Order who turned out to hear the i	Interment was made in St. Johns
either dairying, horticulture or	Grand Master was not encourag-	cemetery, South March
poultry as an optional subject,	ingly large, but this fact did not de-	church service was conducted by	^ umjeniUïH|
These courses are tuition free to tract from the highly interesting the pastor. Rev. E. R. Kelly, as- u f Fllrolll • _ lhss farmers’ daughters belonging to and instructive character of hU Uuted by Aevds. I. W. Williams	Z 111 w JT»»'
the Province of Quebec. The remarks, which In the main dealt of Diamond, and P. L. Jull, of	ill,,	i.Vnr » T u ^
other expenses are board and lodg- with the aims of Orangeism and Carp, while that at the grave was f , i .	'r *"[y
ing $4.0<» tier week, and laboratory the great principles it stands for Conducted by the March rector, K"'" w6y uihustry, cHHiimcne, hn-fee for the course $10,00. For and its uncompromising opposition | Rev. F. H. \V iniberley. The pall- f**8* •‘In pi mg, mails and every activity other residents of ( ansd i. the to all that savors of interference bearers were :	R H. McElroy, m the world ha* been instantly storied,
tuition for the course is $75.00. with the civil rights or religious M. L. A., William Ric hardson. L^eate «er.d IAc^ o*t mailing outfit.
Full particulars will be sent on freedom of the individual. The | James McElroy, Robert Richard- Retails #L6& Big application to Macdonald College, « hair was occupied by Mr. Thomas son. R. H. ursnt and Howard Province of Quebec.	J Burton.	* Graham.—Carp Review, Aug. 27.
t
H. Imihon, Artest
Mr. Donald Raker and family Another car load of horses went I returned home Monday night from from here last Wednesday, in spending a two-weeks* visit among charge of Lieut. Mills, to be used friends.
courses
Prepare for Civil Service Prepare for Business.
Willis College prepares more students for business life and for Civil Service than any other college in Eastern Ontario, because Willis Graduates are in demand.
WHIli Graduates Stand the Working Test.
I
Threshing Time



N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
WILLIS COLLEGE, 102 Bank Street
Cor. Albert St
Get your Supplies from us
OTTAWA, ONT.
Our Crockery Dept is well supplied with necessary goods. In Heavy Whitewear we
Cups and Saucers,
Plates, all sizes,
Platters, Covered Dishes etc. at right prices.
M
STRAYED—From ray premises about August 22nd, hound dog, spotted black and white ; answers to name “ Mutt.” Substantial reward for Information that will lead to his recovery. Taos. Shore, Shawville.
Births

Royal
hole.
Jewel almost eap. Mrs. T. E Hop
oir ; six
In spite of tariff and war advances our Grocery prices are only affected in a few lines. You can always rely on getting your supplies from us at lowest possible prices.
FOR SALE—House and Lot (No. 65) well situated on Main St., Shawville. For particulars apply at 243 Frank Street Ottawa, Ont.
FOR SALE—One mare, 5 years old ; one on I mare, 9 years old ; one foal. 3 months old an Apply to Alex. Seaman, Yarm.
FOR SALE.—Registered Ayrshire Ball, old. (Roy of Elm vale. 38043). Apply to James Smith. North Clarendon
We have a good Stock of
Towellings Overalls Table Linens Shirts Oilcloths at the old regular prices
3 y
All our new fall goods which arriving daily to be included in this Hale. A. Dover.
are
FOR SALE—Desirable property King Street, Shawville. Com mod Ions brick dwelling house, with necessary outbuildings. Two lots. For full partlcul and terms apply to A E. Posen, white, Shawville.
on
Shirtings
old
corner lot on Main street, shawville, known as the Shawville meat shop, comprising 2 shops end Ing house. One of the best bn si ne**
The funeral of Dr. O. H. Groves, stands in town. Good bargain to a cash whose death wan announced in , buyer* ». 1.
dwell
Shawville
Ladies’ Fall Jackets
x
Our first showing of New Coats are now on display—New Styles—Nobby Materials— and are well worthy of your inspection. See them.




lit.
Horrors of War.

The
What in the war almtit f
Our B
Few know
" The Na
W. A. HODGINS

H iMK PtmuAHiNu Hoi mk
B..X
###PAGE###2###
i„ the field, auch 5 automobile [plunged Europe into this unholy]
mmmmm
aaasSSiK
the advantage of well regulated with «peed which allows taking sharp I
To strengthen shirt button hole a stitch round and round with the machine after the buttonholes have been worked over.
Articles infected with moths or fleas should be saturated in benzine. The benzine injures nothing and it kills the pests.
To stiffen sheer fabrics, such as dimities or chiffons and veilings, put three tablespoonfuls of sugar in the last rinsing water you wash them.
In dusty districts cleaning should he done regularly and thoroughly once a week, and the windows sills and furniture lightly dusted each
-BODS" TO HEAD DOMINION TROOPS
HOME
With the Watermelon.
Perhaps the watermelon is never better than when it is served, per-

fectly ripe, in a perfectly natural state. If it were not for the trouble

of eating it, we probably should en joy a huge wedge of it, eaten out of hand, in true pickaninny fashion But next best to this ideal way of eating it comes the generous slice or wedge served on a plate.
To be good, a watermelon must be thoroughly ripe and thoroughly chilled. Then it can be cut in inch-thick slices and served on with the rind removed, or it can be sent whole to the table and then cut in wedge-shaped pieces.
Like any plentiful summer fruit, watermelon could be served far of tener than it usually is if the home cook would but master more ways of serving it. Watermelon au natural, no matter how good it may be, palls after many servings ; but watermelon ice, watermelon cher ries, watermelon hearts, watermelon with spun sugar and watermelon in half a dozen other different forms could be served every day for a week.
Watermelon in Small Forms.—A
sound, ripe watermelon can be cut into many different little snipes to make dainty and appetizing desserts. It can be cut into halls with a ball potato cutter, chilled on the ice, and served sprinkled with sugar in sherbet cups. It can be cut into balls and served under the name of watermelon cherries, soaked in maraschino cherry juice, in sherbet cups. It can be cut in diamonds, three inches long, and an inch long and an inch thick and two of them with a little rum poured over them, can be served on each plate. It can be cut in cubes or blocks, chilled and served without flavoring for an appetizer at luncheon. It can be cut in any shape at all, piled in a pyramid and served with a little spun sugar ornament on top.
Watermelon Sherbet. — Frozen watermelon is a surprising delicacy to many persons. One way of making it is very simple. It is this :
Crush the pulp of very ripe watermelon with a silver fork and pack it into a freezer. Let it stand for two or three hours packed in salt and ice and then serve it in sherbet cups.
Another watermelon sherbet calls for two quarts of watermelon juice and pulp and a cupful of sugar with the juice of half a lemon. Freeze until it is thick and then remove the dasher and add the beaten whites of two eggs. Pack for a out couple of hours.
Watermelons for the Future. —
Watermelon catsup is an easily made and good winter appetizer.
To prepare the watermelon for it, remove the rind, leawnga little of drawers where unused garments the white. Cut the melon in con- are stored, and while the moths venient pieces and cook it gently themselves are harmless, they until it is soft. Do not add any wa- should be killed whenever seen, be* ter. You can cook it in a double cause they lay eggs from which boiler or carefully over a low heat caterpillars develop. These feed in a saucepan, as the water in the mostly on woolen* and carpets, fur melon soon forms moisture enough and feathers. Fortunately, they to keep it from burning. When it is are short lived, but articles that soft, rub it through a colander are stored away should be taken which, of course, retains the seeds, out in the sunshine and air occas-Measure it and to seven pints al- ionally, and carefully examined and low three scant cups of sugar and brushed to prevent serious damage a cupful and a half of vinegar, boil- Moth balls and various other repel-ed with the sugar ten minutes and lents may keep moths out of an skimmed. Then add the following article, but have no effect on those spices and simmer for twenty min- already there, utes : Three quarters of an ounce each of ground cloves, cinnamon and mace. Bottle while hot.
Watermelon Pickles.—For watermelon pickles cut off the green rind of a watermelon and cut it into cubes about three quarters of an inch square. Cover with water a add alum about the size of a hazel nut. Soak over night and in the morning rinse in fresh water two or three times. Boil in water until you can pierce the rind with a broom corn and then drain. Make ’ a syrup of equal parts of vinegar and brown sugar. Slice lemons very thin and remove the skins and slice some ginger root thin. Use a quart of vinegar and four cupfuls of sugar to four quarts of the rind, four lemons, an ounce of stick cinnamon and about a teaspoonful of ginger root. Cook slowly until the rind is clear and the syrup is thick and bottle.
As a (iarnlsli. -Watermelon pulp, red and ripe, can he cut into shapes of all sorts and used as a garnish. Cubes of watermelon ranged around a slice of pineapple on white lettuce leaves, dressed with French dressing, make an at tractive color scheme. Balls of wa lermelon can be used to top off orange water ice in sherbet cups or can be served with vanilla ice cream.
y à
\


morning.
Take the fat from a fowl, put it in a jar, and place it in the oven to melt, and you have one of the best preparations for keeping boots and plates shoes in goini condition.
The person who does not pay as he goes seldom succeeds in accumulating anything. It is better to deny oneself at times than to run in debt for unnecessary things.
To prevent corks sticking in mucilage and jxaste bottles, grease
them with lard immediately after drawing them the first time. A thorough greasing prevents their sticking.
A teacher of cooking says that for every quart of cooked vegetables four even tablespoonsfuls of butter, a teaspoon fill of salt and an eighth of a teaspoonful of pepper should be used for seasoning.
To utilize a large old sponge, place in the bottom of your umbrella stand This will prevent the metal ferules breaking the bottom by striking it with too much force, and it will also absorb the water from the umbrellas and may be wrung out and replaced.
To prevent shoes from creaking put a small quantity of linseed oil on a plate or shallow pan, and stand the sole of the shoe in it for a few hours. The creak w ill disappear and the shoe will also last longer on account of this treatment.
Potatoes should be peeled thinly and not exposed to the air after jieeling or they will discolor. They should be boiled slowly ; if cooked too fast they will break. After cooking drain off all water and stand the saucepan on the stove for a few minutes. This makes them dry and floury.
Chamois leather gloves of white and light «hades can be perfectly washed as follows :—Make a lather with pure Castile soa i and water, using one spoonful of ammonia to each quart. When the water is tepid put in the gloves, and let them soak for fifteen minutes, then press them with the hands, but do not wring them. Rinse in fresh cold water with a little ammonia added, and press the gloves in a towel. Dry them in the open air, first blowing in them to put them




1

tv 4|

use
/
à 9
«
f

| lu France, a like protest has
was heard on the «treats of Paris It has I above the “Marseillaise.”
In England, Lloyd George, the great defender of democracy, ii
The" bombs*which ‘hlvï been drop-]™1	h.‘ve 'P1'* the ^inet by
ped from Zeppelin, in experimental I'., uppo.ition to war. and the mm-
work have fairly struck circle, ot ««ofWaic. and other, have fifteen feet in diameter, even when urged the calling of a convention of
thebomb. were sent from five thou- ‘he laborers of Europe, to force
Each of the great Oer- upon the government, their protest
and condemnation of this unholy
crew, and long range g ¦¦ which permits its commander to give instant information. I the ability to slacken its speed and hover at night over a supply depot.
APPOINTED COLONEL-IN-CHIEF.
Lord Roberta, aged 82, who offered his services tn any capacity, and has been appointed ('olonel-tn-<’hief of the overseas forces which will Include the Canadian contingent of 26,000 men.
ÊMÜ11“?= ÜÜÜ
gmeer and four engineers handle	-*-- i* full of meaning to the autocrats
the motors, uf which on latest Zep g8 TMK |;>p 0F	ALL MONARCH-	who have been	instrumental in de-
pelins there are five of 1,000 horse-	wpo	|| \\|H	luging	Europe	in innocent blood,
power. I wo w ireless operators fur-	When the great struggle is ended,
mdi relief. Three machines and	and these monarchs withdraw their
Germany Hopes to I s* Dirigibles| three to six gunners complete the 1 erched upon a	throne as hnqier-	Armjeg	an<j count the cost, monar-
orew, according to the size and or, sits the old	man of Austria.	in	Europe	of the outocraiic
armament of the ship.	whose few remaining years are kin(, wij, fACC itg dAy of judge.
ment.
$117,000,000 FOR MIPS |

WILL ADD TIIE1R QUOTA TO WAR'S HORRORS.
Effectively Against British Battleships.
j whose few remaining years are The latest marine Zeppelins, of numbered, yet he has a lively in-which there are three, the L 3, re-1 tcrest in Earth’s affairs, and, fearing that his passing might he fol
ships that were finished two weeks ! lowed by a division of bis empire, gr mt the giants of the entire he determined to act quickly.
They scale 30,000 A frenzied fanatic slew a prince-cubic metres and judging by the ling and his consort, and the old
What all Europe is fighting about is not worth the life of a single soldier already killed ; no wrong has been committed against any nation that the war can alleviate, and, so far as known, only England, and Belgium, whose territory has been invaded, have the slightest cause for war. Even the lives of the Archduke of Austria and his consort did not call for the sacrifice of the lives of the thousands of his own people. Thus the war assumes the aspect of fratricial hor
• v • I «. a ¦ ^ a V wav w lia v% , V1IV ms • a
The part which aircraft will play jnforeed by the L.4, and L.S, in the great war in progress is a feature of the struggle which will ag0| are tne ( be keenly watched. Oulv the other Zeppelin fleet day Admiral Sir Percy Scott,	______ _	__
inventor of the most destructive of I voyage of the L.3 in" May, when it nian thought he could see behind British Artillery, stated that he had covered a journey of 2,000 miles the wanton act a plot against his exhausted his engineering skill in | around Germany and made it in dynasty ; bitterness filled his soul, devising resistance for dread- thirty-four hours, running at the
noughts that were rendered obso rate 0f sixty miles an hour, these name for a vast magazine of exploite by the forces in the air and great ships should have no trouble sives awaiting only the spark to under the sea, the airship and the about remaining continuously in release its disrupting and destroy submarine.	the air for two days and nights with *nK forces, yet this old man, with
European nations have during the their full war complement and guns, trembling hand, flung the lighted past six years spent $117,000.000 in which are probably of greater range torch into its midst, and to-day the i ».	:n*n a.
tones, all grinding away for dear German Admiralty for attacking «tory of the old man’s insane deed. M	, fraternity w&s fast
life. Germany’s twelve plants are the British fleet, possibly at night, t The crimson stream, already broad-	, t, ,• f* h . an<i
working night and day. The two 8jnce the manoeuvring of Zeppelin en.inff into a river, is staining the ,	.	* ..	ti
great Zeppelin works—the one at airships in conjunction with the sea h40'* of every old world country, \ »	,	t n^nr*
Friedrichshafen, the other at Ber- fleet over the North Sea and the civilization is pushed back to- r America	tkp striimrle
lin, employing 2,000 skilled ci tisane Baltic during both dav and night j wards mediaeval darkness.	unaffected ? h ;* imn
-are capable of turning out six the last two .vear* should have git- J.”0 <*her	fearing thestrike, a continent and c m-
Zeppelins a month.	en much experience.	«tabmty of their thrones, bave	*i ac hievement* of » een-
In England six factories are en- The French organization is equal- Joined issue, and have dragged in-L	svmoathv is Quickened
gaged nut only in producing aero- |y effective. Each aviation section Ito the teething strife Europe's only ,	: fJpl :* time^tl»e terri-
planes, but at Farnburough the is divided into aviation flotillas The 8r^at republic, who, though desir-	F . . We are
British navy is constructing a great	entire nation	is divided into avia-	*nK peace, finds war forced upon	.	j ?	.	.
rigid dirigible of the Zeppelin tv ne.	tion centres.	Observation from the	ber and her territory	actually in-	w	has eirt	the world «round	with
ss^vafisssa
The organization and work of the returned with accurate estimates of ;c ra< > made of monarchy but »Ll. a*mo-nLep	)( .rpr (ki his
respective air fleets of Germany and the number, kind, and disposition | «yrobol, calmest of all the ffreat	• short he has frater-
France are wonderfully perfect.	Qf troops and	artillery. The French |	Powers, striving to the	very last to	j;	* A	human	race	and	this
The German air dreadnought fleet	count upon the aeroplane to in- !	*ver[	threatened	cataclysm, L	.--.,	•„	d *	:	his-
ls strictly homogeneous and forms crease the power of their artillery a i ha* h<*n forced »nto the maelstrom t	,	^	. •
one collective striking force. The hundredfold, and their aviators «"<* bas joined her allies to swell	«ï\^r. Kn to min
uir.lup fleet cyn,.,t, of four *q»«d- have been able practically to find ;,^r,metin strrnm “ deva.Uting	th„ tnoTmtjU%	at RUke,
«..............
r.“,v 12a issSTam &	ssssa % fs. % ^ *»
companies, and Saxony and Wur-	nmnnliiv	m*ffht> contending armies • '	CHAS. M HU h
temburg two companies each.____	.	*	*	but as seemingly intent that none
n j- r « 1	They are carried along with the shall escape the general dévasta
1 :m‘ 1111	°r"*	artillery, mounted on wheeled tran l tion, neutrality treaties count as
Each airship is commanded by a sports, and all the impedimenta ne nothing to thwart the ambitions of military or naval uffi?er. assisted by cessary to maintain the aeroplanes the maddened rulers who have
new
Around lim lay Europe, another
ror
Plenty of sunshine and fresh air are the most effective helps the housewife has in her fight against the insect pests in our homes. Clothes moths infest closets and
As
An Aid to Memory.
“And when you were abroad on your honeymoon trip did you visit the Palace of Peace at The Hague Î | asked the girl friend of the bride just home from abroad.
“Oh, yes, ' was the reply had our first quarrel there
9 9
•î»
We
Denver, Colo., Aug. 10, 1914
9 t
On Turkish Inn*.
To the traveller accustomed to the luxury of up-to-date hotels, a Turkish ' khan (inn) comes a* a rude surprise One finds oneself suddenly whisked from the twentieth	iturx
neath a central archway one paasef into a quadrangle, which, with it# fountain, suggest# University precinct#. The ground floor of the building forms the stables. Above are the guest-room». The principal guest-room—the one above the entrance gateway—is allotted to tra velleis of note It w& innocent of the appointment* proper to a European bedchamber, its furniture consisting merely of a roll of matting to spread on a low, wooden platform, and an earthenware pipkin for wa-
it® an ill tongue that tells no

B<v
\



K



rJP

$ • r *

ter

(i mi muta wp» Aller Cane*.
“Let me have some money, dear; I want to take a little trip.
“Can't you afford it "Isn't that too provoking î I wa# thinking of visiting piamma to keep her from coming bore	|
“Why didn't you sav so at first ?
"5^
z
If on-hold Hist».
Raw potato juice is a valuable cleanser. It will remove a tains from the hands and also from woollen fabric#.
Before cleaning knives on a knife board damp them slightly. They
clean more quickly, and gam a bet
•er potato.




But when a woman puts tar foot
down, se sise of •*»
Hi# Majesty's Battleship ’Dreadnought" Firing Her Aft Turret G
it* no
figure
###PAGE###3###
WAD DEATH RATE LOWER' (gEÊttS
so reduced in number that it has been found necessary to import white labor t > do a good part of the heavy work in railroad building.
VowtvMMlomi Scattered.
CARVING UP GERMAN AFRICA
PERFUMED


LYE

HKU PHIZES FOR FRAME
AND BRITAIN.
WILL BE LESS AMONG THE
WOUNDED MEN.

The German territory m Africa is
divided into four scattered chunks.
On the ear-t ocatit is German Kant
Africa, on the west is German
South-west Africa, while farther
north is Cameroon». Togo land is a
little strip eandwiclwd in between
French Dahomey and the British Not only the map of Europe but	( 'oast.
alao the map of Africa is apt to Togoland haa an area of 33,660 be changed considerably in the near nqllATe	while the population
future, for the three great power#, jg ;^80,000, of whom only 363 ire now engaged in the titanic Euro- EurnpeAnA
pean struggle, all hold extensive Africa lias an area of about 32)6,460 stretches of territory on trie Dark BqUare	and a population of
Continent.	200,000, of which but 14,000 are
The French Empire in the north- w^i^ people, and of these 12,000 ern part of Africa alone is very are Germans. German East Africa large. In acquiring this Franco ha» ha# ^ are4l 0f 334,190 square had many differences with the Kai- miJee WBt)l s population of 7,600,-
of win, h about 6,000 are Euro Then again the German activities peons. Cameroon#, having a coast have clashed with those of Great line of 200 miles, has an area of Britain. England Has control over 191,130 ¦.
Egypt and the country about the 3,MO,000 population, of whom hut southern point of Africa extending 1,400 are European», northward, but this is broken in- its continuity by the German possession# on the eastern coast (German East Africa).

r

The Modern Bullet Makes Work of Army Burgeons Easier.
Great Warring Nation* Have Large Possessions In the Dark Continent.

m
Ik



S»


In spite of 4ho magnitude of the European war the death rate will be the lowest of any war in history, according to surgeons, who say that the rigid enforcement of sanitary regulations and the high velocity of the small-calibre bullets of modem rifle# will not only reduce the mor teJity, but will make the work of the army surgeon far more easy and efficient than ever before.
The need le-pointed, steel-cove red bullets will either go clear through a man, making a wound that is easily cared for, or they will kill almocC instantly and practically painlessly on striking a vital organ, in direct contrast to the wounds caused by the old, lower-powered guns aa were used in the Civil War in the United State# or the Franco-Prus sian War. One surgeon said :
"Modern warfare lias produced many deadly agencie# to kill and wound, such as cannon balls, which either kill instantly or may tear off a limb ; hand grenades, explosive
C hildren of .he UK- Crown Prlncr Ferdinand.	micwle. which are deadly at cl<*e
range; bursting shells, which pro-
These are the little orphans, the assassination of whose parents, <juoe fearful wounds which always Crown Prince Ferdinand of Austria and his wife, the Duchess of suppurate and menace life, and Hohenberg, was the excuse for Austria'» declaration of war rifle bullet wounds. It is with the against Servi» In the midst of the world's anger against those who latter that my hope for a lessened precipitated this cruel war, these innocent victims of international mortality rests. The modern bullet politics will receive sympathy.	is an immense improvement over
the old-fashioned soft-lead bullet. The old bullet was flred at low velocity, made a big hole on entering the body, was often deflected in the tissue», flattened out, and became larger, and either lodged in the body or came out by tearing a larger hole. The now bullet is rarely more than one-third of an inch in diameter, is covered with steel and pointed, and rotates on it# own axis about 2,500 time# a second. It has such power that it can inflict a fatal wound at 5,000 yards.
t
%
)
#

Ei
I
CXXMNbV
l MATS \
;
German South-west


t
f
^M THE CLEANLINESS —-y OF SINKS .CLOSETS» % BATHS.DRAINS.ETC. 1 IS OF VITAL IMPORTANCE I TO HEALTH.	I
ser

and a
miles
square

Ü Ï


rm
G

Y \
\
GERMANY'S POPVLATION
&
Good Picking
po**

Wam 67,812,000 at End of First Half
of 1014.

Present probabilities are that whatever map making, if any. is
done in Africa, will be done in spite pears that the time is rapidly ap of Germany and at Germany's ex- proaching when the population of pense. The German possessions in Germany, like that of F ranee, will Africa have a total area of nearly become stationary, or even go back, a million square miles, or, to be bave been dissipated for the pre-exaot, 031,420 square miles. The &@nt by an estimate in the latest African possessions are 4% times year book of the Imperial German as largo as Germany itself, which is Statistical Office, putting the popu-about 209,000 square miles in ex- lotion of the Empire at the end of tout The African possession» have the first half of 1914 at 67,812,000.
a population of 12,700,000, as	This compares with	66,081,000 in	the I mr a nniin	fir	UnilCDII	A DU	V
Against 06,000,000 in Germany,	previous year and	shows an	in-1 ||lAi	UllU	u!	mUULltll	A It III	I
Apart from it* African possession», crease practically the same size
Germany has only a few small is- waB recorded from 1912 to 1913, and :	----
lands in the Pacific.	exceeding the gain from 1911 to 1912 j REVOLUTION IN SCI EN Cl
Undoubtedly the French are the by 44,000. better colonizer» and the most loved Comparisons with the growth of of the three groat European na- the population in France give strik tiens in Africa. If the worst comes ing figures In 1878, following the
bo the worst, it ie said, France Franco-German War, France had a | Three Branches of the Army, Cav-oould raise a black army of 860,000	population of about 36,000,000, only
to fight for her, while the Germans	6,000,000 less than	Germany.	In
would have to fight with European 1911 she had less than 40,000,000, soldiers only. The blacks living | and the number has declined since

LÜL6iU.ETT COMPANY U»*** TORONTO ONT ***"
I!
ORIGIN or THE ENTENTE
large-calibre
onrush. Practically all the notable cavalry engagements of modern times, such as the charge at Balaclava, tragic blunder though it was ; the advance of the Austrian cavalry at Custozza in 1886, Bre-dow s charge at Mars-la Tours, and others, were undertaken with the idea of stopping or postponing a general advance of artillery or infantry that threatened the main body of the army.
The Duty of the Artillery.
THE FRIENDSHIP OF FRANCE
AND ENGLAND.
Alliance of France and Russia Began Through Hostility to England.
Great Britain's stand from the very beginning of the present European situation has been so aggressively pro-French largely because during the closing years of the last century there
In recent years, however, it is the	Drill* a Neat Hole.	resided in Paris a Scotchman with an
artillery that has made the most ..When euch a bullet trike, a th^VTw.Tthl^e^bWty‘of’ important strides as * death dealing mjLn ^ usually make# a small hole an entente between the monarchy and agency, and un this account it is trough the body, drilling a neat the republic.
not likely that the cavjdry m the h(||e ev(,n through a bone, it ia not , » an> ^dividual (outside of cab-
Em; miÿs£	ÊS-55Ë#
charging agaunst qui< k firing guns. qUic]K|y# The modern bullet is a Thomas for ten years—because of his The real battle is fought by the in- m€rojfui weapcm ; it either kills services In the bringing about of the Unity. The cavalry provides the ky or puts a man out of the j understanding, while France made him
silence other artillery that might	fracture of the bone, which ! Affairs, and Lord Alverstone, rhlef
###
in close formation, despite the blun- a wou,n<j made by the modem bul-1 wrote that “no one knows better than <iers of the Germans in this respect, jet wi)| heal. This is due to, not 1 that the signing of the Anglo-French
l”"‘d I	tîr'Lf^tn^'îth "germ: j CTlES^ZlE^f Com'
system oi wariare.	I ** becoming rare m these wounds. merce in parlBt achieved his result
The heat of the explosion, the j In consequence of years of molding of scraping of the bullet by the rifling public opinion on both sides of the of the gun, the tremendous scrub-1 English < hannel through speeches,
bin, .!,.	for iîïïXa, ¦ÆSSTSi.«.ïï
».rd rnimv bulk, ret,.,.. Iran
the air, all tend to make the bullet through a set campaign carried for almost etc rile when it penetrate* ward month after month with
It Is thus an author who knows his subject In utmost detail who dis cusses the entente In a new book entitled “Thirty Years; Anglo-French Reminiscences.”
OF WARFARE
airy. Artillery and Infantry.
< l
equal of Frenchmen, and love their an increase for Germany of 26,-masters, while the black man of the 000,000.
German possession both fears and
detest* the ruler who wears the sis saves the Triple Entente from spiked helmet. The Egyptian fellah being overwhelmed by numbers by respects his British master, but the Triple Alliance. Germany he doeen’t love him.	alone has three-fourths as many in-
habitant* as Great Britain and France together, and Austria and
Colonization methods of the three Italy add roundly 86,000,000 to this
In- number. The great population <>f
also to the modern army, which is divided into horse, foot and artillery. Our general knowledge on this point ie not likely to be greatly increased as a result of the present |HBt|Kthe censorship is so strict, and is likely to be more so. However, in the Franco Prussian War, as General Sherman said, he saw nothing new in the matter of grand tactics, and in the present war there is not likely to be any revolution as regards the science of warfare. The big battles will still be decided by the infantry, and they have their definite functions to perform. There is no chance of a military genius appearing who will have infantry do what has hitherto been accomplished by cavalry nor cavalry that will serve the purposes of artillery. We know now as well as we shall know in another six months, what is expected of the three branches of the army, and it may be interesting to mention their duties.
The tremendous increase of Iius
war, since
Took Part of Morocco
nations are widely different deed it is said "when the English Russia, however, brings the total occupy a country the first thing they strength of the Triple Entente to build is a custom house, the Gcr- 253,000,000, against 152,000,000 for barracks and the French a the Triple Alliance.
Germany’s growing population is illustrated by a great statistical chart at the Stuttgart Hygienic Ex
This chart shows that in
mans a railway.
Every foot of German territory in Africa has been gained at the ex pense of friction. One clash of the mbit ion.
German and French resulted in the Germany
former taking a good portion of the	child -* born every 10 eec-
rich Moroccan country in the north- on<J8, 4	. A ,	,
west corner of Africa. If the war Two eete of twin, are born every
extends to Africa and the French hour.
victorious they would undoubt- One person dies every 28 seconds.
I	¦ |	Thirty-five infants die every
hour,
t rnoitm on the I One victim of tuberculosis dies
,td in all probability «very 4% minute.	¦
One victim of infectious tumors
ten
Three fatal accidents occur every | be given to the cavalry. Until com ^^N^NMgMMNMN^g^^^^^gparatively recent times the function
of cavalry was to advance a slight
The Real Fighting
are*
edly demand this portion of Mor oocv back and the Cameroons an other German
As the main army advances, the artillery goes into action, and be gins shelling the enemy's guns. In the meantime, the infantry creeps nearer in an attenuated line, each man taking advantage of any natural breastwork, or even digging himself a shallow trench with the little spade that is part of his equipment.
Lying thus, the sheila of the artillery hurtle overhead, the infantry probably, being so far away from	Sanitary Regulation*.	N° German Hostility.
the enemy that it is useless to fire. "Sanitary regulations arc beoom In vlew of ,he Present alignment of
15 sS
tiJery fire has been successful, the S18ted upon, and water supply, dis alliance between France and Russia men on foot are able to reach with- p,,**! Gf waste, and all activities are antedating the Anglo-French rap in a quarter of a mile of the position carried on in a hygienic manner, prochement, was entered into largely to be carried. Then the infantry The Japanese were'the first nation “ \ result of hostility to England;
Eïmw! % EH- ïSri;
the fire from the rear is redoubled. ! c leanest people, physically, in the had In this a common ground of sym 1	: ;1 a n try rises from the ground world, to-day. Every Japanese pathy on which they met and em-
and rushes forward At	200 yards	while	at home take# several baths a	braced.	The second odd point, when
distance there is another	halt, then	When Japan was at war with	Europe's	situation of to day Is view
h^# »	or EngUnd0 Tba^thS? fri
artillery fire ceases, and the rest i* every battle he had to take a bath should be In the least either a means left to the bayonet, and the final with acme disinfectant and <km of defence from Germany or a means charge home. Should the cavalry clean, frewhly boiled clothing. of offense against that power; Gerbe a failure, the artillery	covers the	They	obeyed with patriot e fidelity,!	P1*ny wa,fl 1no,1 considered, the entente
-.....- *»	wi. w«-I.....	    ssraseis
Japanese eoJdier met his loss ciemn fWeen the Briton and the Gaul. But Russian enemy h* had on a new the entente has changed with age kind of armor—a carbolized akin undergoing evolution with the grow
covered bv a clean shirt. The Rus- Power of Germany.
Sir Thomas shows that In the first place, approximately from 1810 to 1900. there was suspicion, then dis like, then hatred, finally almost war let struck Un Russian it penetrated (over Fishodai between France and
England
New Cavalry Tari fee
west coast* wou	J ¦¦
to France in addition to Alsace
and Lorraine.
Taking them in the order in which they get into action, first place must
pro-
go
the body. The few bacteria which may remain are widely scattered in the tissues and are easily overcome by the tissue resistance found in a healthy man.
One Obstacle
hour.
One suicide occurs each hour
The net result is that Germany’s I distance in front of the infantry
Were it not for Germany the all red” railway, from the Cape, to
Cairo on the east coast, would be population increases by 100 every possible for the British. A glance j hour, at the map will show this broken bit of possession. It will show the present territory held by the Germans in two sections on the west, adjacent to the Belgian Congo in the
centre of the continent. Germany I Advice of Family Physician. I might in the next few years to	Formerly people thought meat horsemen, and the principles laid
if she survives this war with-1 necessary for strength and rauocu- j down in his textbook on the subject
been adonted by all mod
The man who worked hard was | ern countries. Col. Denison eug-
spy out the land, and generally clear the way for the main bodv of
the army Nowadays the cavalry is almost as detached from the army as are the flying machines. It was Col. George T. Denison, of Toronto, who had the honor of first discovering a new method of employing the
LESS MEAT
out losing her African possessions, | lar vigor purchase Portuguese East Africa The Kaiser may possibly, ere this supposed to require meat two or gested that the cavalry might ad war is over, lose hi* foothold in Af- three times a day. Science has vance with safety and avantage rica and at the same time the found out differently.	forty or fifty miles in front of the
French and the British possessions It is now a common thing for the infantry and artillery and already would be enlarged. Just what this family physician to order leas meat, the reports from Belgium indicate mean* may be gleaned from tbs fact as in the following letter from an that the German cavalry has been that German capital expenditures Eastern man:	at least this far in front of the other
in Africa have reached a total of "I had suffered for years with troops. Indeed, some of the Chians $400,000,000.	dyspepsia and nervousness. My have gone so far that they have be
physician advised me to eat less c< me lost, and have fallen an pasy and greasy foods gener- j pray #0 the Belgian scout Going into the desert country of | ally. I tried several things to take
e plaof* of my usual hr<vikfast of nothing but 1 chops, fried potatoes, etc., but
have since
Wonders Done
i
pears
?
Cavalry's Two Fanerions
the British you come to Timbuctoo which 20 years ago w a name, and is now the junction of an Atlantic Mediterranean railway, part of which has been const ructed and part of which is under construe
Mob.
The French empire in Africa is
. 1
Cl
Modem csvalrv has two func-gct no relief until I tried Grape-, ^K>DBv the first and most important
Nut* food .	being to penetrate the enemy V
"After using Grape-Nut# for the. coag^ry and discover the strength cereal part of my meal# for two end disposition of the hostile force# years, I am now a well man | |t ig a screen for the advance, and Orape-Nuta benefited epy hoalth 1 <|oee scouting duty. In the present far more than the madiaine I had wsr the cavalry is often accompani taken before.	] ed by small detachments of infantry
“My wife and children are j #nd artillery conveyed upon motor healthier than they had been for trucks, so as to be able to follow years, and we are a very happy I thp horsemen Being challenged by family, largely due to Grape-Mai#
"We have been so much benefit
Willie Wants to Know,
Mother (cooking)—Phew ' That §
a bad egg
Willie—Why don’t you make »fc
d 1
Mother—I can't make a bad egg g<>- d. my eon | Willie—Why. I heard the grocer tell you if you found anv bad ones he'd make >m good, and if he can, why can’t you t
sien usually was un bathed and clad in garment» which certainly were n*4 sterilized. When the bul-
a germ laden garment through a germ-covered skin, and 1 carried many bacteria on bits of clothing into hi* body, seriously in
Then came less hatred, dtslikp less	ion. st last
toleration, followed by a carefully nur
llklngdPgl^PgggMMM
Then the arbitra Mas
.	. "	® treaty was signed, and from tbf
feet mg him The Japanese soldier drawing together of the nations whlcfc
received hi* bullet through a made that treaty possible there has
akin, and only clean frag- ! sprung
considerable bodies at troops, the	~	ment* of clothing came in with the both F t ^ and French term the en
csvalrv retires and returns to th«* I ni a/ra <1 >ou ma> think we re bullet I was an aæptu opera- ,en,e cor” e * ed by Grape Nut* that it would be j armv headquarters with the inform giving you a lot of fish Ibis week.	and the Jap quickly rroov
a «I has been able to gather. <»ld man ' said the genial host, a* second duty of the cav alry is to | they sat down to dinner. ^ The fact
il my wife has got hold## sjunds like a really for removing a fishbone stuck in the throat, and we want to see if if works."	/
government announced that a tract
many squsure miles m area in the heart of the Sahara had been reclaimed
planting. On the basis of pact work, in 80 years one half of the
1
ready for grain
rt will be reclaimed
ungrateful not to acknowledge it/
Name given by Canadian Postum Co., Windeor, Ont Read The
Road to Well vi II#*
' There’s » Reason
The affair» at home have kept
at
¦»
The
hold itself in readiness to sort of forlorn hope wjien
Ii
be sacrificed at snv mow
On the Chile
*
colonial enterprises have been a flat failure. In Africa the Oer
erve ss a he battle
Qabe He *ays he is a d an* « f a gr#»*t fam Steven—Yes, and he is still de
i i
m pkgs
al (levies
flaw II Was.



! • 1
u have a fine auto trip t
Did
A sew ese
leliw
t when
than traders, and more barracks than school*. Ih#
e
say it was mostly fine
scendiag
i SB
for a * widen
the enemy pr»P
fell ef
###PAGE###4###
THE WAR.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE. SEPT. 3. 1914. Summary of the Hews
l
n!
WORK
*
Tlu* Canadian
Ottawa, August *J'> first contingent ma) form part of an
force of	men. A us
i
ù

Y
0
jy) YOU contemplate building.
0
Nearly a month has elapse»! since
war the consequence*
overseas	___
tralia is .sending apmoximatoly .WMX> I m- making any nlteuitiuns in that and the Indian regular* will number
Some :.'X»u will be added by | line ? It so, call in and me;
tizPSsx, *îss ."»<•« ^
parts of the Empire.	vour material ready when re-
All the force* of the Dominion* are	. fOP.
now organized and vqui plied on the | quirvd. Ask for a sample ot hhA*
British Army model ami all war mate-	BOARD, the coming Interior
rial is ot a similar pattern.
t
;
war broke out «>f which threaten to lie more frightful
than any which this old world has
perienced since the d 1 Najsdeon
liosti-
0
I
A Work is the cure
æ For most everything
J That flesh is heir to.
To know the supreme I Comfort of labor ' Invest in a pair of
Peerless Overalls
And square away.
BOARD |8
?
#
41UXX»
«3
3
v\
r!_ •
During the shot t period lities began much <>l an appilling « ha
Prosperous dishave lieen laid waste ; peaceful x plages and towns have been reduced
palatial structures—
since

i
?
0
;
i
ter lut* t xvurrnl
s
l\K
PW
\

t nets
D
Finish for Dwellings ami Public
0
A Zeppelin airship sailed over the
city of Antwerp on the night of the 2 4th I Buildings ami tlrop|H*tl seven or eight powerful bombs which exploded with terrific cf
Twelve people were killed and çj sixty houses were wrecked, while about
nine hundred were damaged. It is re- , Can be applied in any season, ported that Belgian soldiers brought which the proudest and most civilized ^owll the airship some time later and
waging I captured the crew.
Announcement is made that the British casualties in the big battle August I	numls'rcd over 2,000. Field
nvboily seems compe tent to answer. I \|ars|ul|| sir John French, commander
\s the situation now stands the vast the British forces, re|suts that the iruied hosts of the German Umpire withdrawal of his troops to their new to be slowly forcing backward, at position was successfully effected.
—	....,'r;— gïïîrW'ÆS'-
fondes of the trench and Bntish alln . L.^	for have joined the colors.
< in the other hand, in the East, the He declared that the reinforcements to amies of Russia have swarmed into the British army will steadily and surely
—	W »¦ tTuk txl	1-ÏÏ». Tt ÏS
strides towards the heait of the u un y, I ^ lieceegary the tnen and money of the vapturing many important positions. w|lo)e Empire will Ik* drawn upon to the In the South the veterans of Servia are | utmost holding the Austrian hordes in chmk, while the latter have made no progress their Russian foeman on the
In the Far East
Ù
q
to heap* of rums
plee mi worship, of art and of learn have become the prey of the pitiless irresistible fury ; and, worst
0

#
Ivin
t
I
(TRADE MARC
of the *1 advantage! of BEAVER BOARD i
I
mg
I
fwt
NO CRACKS d
innon s
„f all, many thousands of lives have |teen snutled out in the awful conflict
0
I
0
Are ever Been in walls and made of Beaver Durable, beautiful, sanitary. Forty-one
Call and see
D
Peerless Overall Co., Rock Island, P. Q.
Anyone handy with tools by following instructions can apply it.
Is pure Wood Fibre through-
ceilings
Board.
D
t
nations of the universe
each other. How and when will
urv
0
advantages, bow it looks.
For sals by
R. G. HODGINS.
I
P
Sold by
i unst
it all end, is the great question which
I
«
out
G. F. Hoik;ins Co Shawville*
0
Q
•t
R. G. HODGINS.
0
g
I
i
.NVtîlll
Central Canada
Exhibition
McCORMICK WARE ROOMS
The great little line
August 27
along the French frontier continues to be the scene of engagements and their result have not been made public, he
_______ |	yond the admission by the French War
laium as the ally of Britain, is laying I office that in the north the French and
», h £5*22»^ sr rs
4/hiua.	e	.	. right in the region of St. Die. The
At sea the navies of Britain and her | y^ch troops on the offensive between
allies are masters of the situation. Ger i Xancy Vosges are said to be making
many's great transportation lines have headway.
been put out of business, many of her By mutual agreement the French
........ -
1 others are «I"1 " tn neutral |	immediately « listen
ports. The Kaiser’s mighty Htvt, de f^ndon reports that Togoland, the signed and created to dispute Britain s German possession on the south west supremacy of the ocean, is rendered in- coast of Africa, has unconditionally
the safety of 0€W traflk W I tonight :	In the Vosges district OUT
the Mother Land and her degien-1 tnk)|W t»xlay resumed the offensive and
as well as that of neutral powers. | drove back the enemy who yesterday
had forced them to retire on the Saint
. Die side.
Your last chance to buy goods at such £n the region between the Vosges and ^ low price. All new fall goods have xancy Qur offensive movement has I Mien included in this sale and every tinue<i interruptedly for five days. The
B» and come.	| German losses have been cot I ible,
2,500 bodies were found on a front of three kilometres, south east of Nancy, and 4,500 bodies on a front of four kilometres iu the region of Vitrimont.
August 27.—A cable from London
TH< Montrai! Standard announces on I published in the Nee > -ik Evening high authority that the British War Sun says :	“ England ha* Gripped : .ie
office considers that the present titanic reserve ships of the North Hea Ile» t jt struggle will last at least a year.	marines to aid in the fighting in d
In this belief arrangements have teen gium. Because of the alarm over air made for the shipment of Canadian *hip raids to which England would be horses from the port of Montreal at the exposed should the Germans establish a rate of one thousand a week until next permanent base in Ostend, the British May This enormous quantity of ani- “ Sailor Soldiers have teen sent to mais is required for the British trans- Ostend to re inforce the Belgians now
1 there.”
Howard Block, Centre SL, Shawvllle.
Ottawa, Canada
Sept. Uth to 19th, 1914.
against northern boundary
Farmers’ Requirements
Entries Close September 4th.
Buggies, Expresses and Waggons
in the following makes :
Wm. Grey & Son, Bain, Iflunro & McIntosh.
HARNESS!
A complete stock of Harness constantly kept on hand. W 0 carry the durable kind made by WILSON and (’ARSON —no better for the money.
Canada’s Greatest Fall Live - Stock and Poultry Show -
Accommodation for 2,500 Head.
war
All freight paid upon Live Stock from Ontario and Quebec.
Seventy acres of new, bright and up-to-the-minute Exhibits.
New 50,000 Agriculture and Horticulture Building,
Dairy Building covers 12,000 square feet in which Prize Competitions in Butter-making will be held
daily.
Huge Parades of Prize Animals on Track in front of Grand Stand.
Magnificent Afternoon and Evening Performance in front of Grand Stand.
WILD WEST SHOWS —
(the best ever)
Unprecedented Night Military Display “ Nero, and the Burning of Rome.”
For fuller and more complete information, apply
STABLE FITTINGS!
Hay Fork Outfits, Litter Carriers, Steel Stalls and S tant ions.
assuring tween | dencies.
Horses Bought and Sold.
JOHN L. HODGINS.
con
thing 18 new f> to 12th. A Dover
Good Market for Canadian
Horses
2
2
Now in Stock
A very attractive line of
Silver Ware
to
E. McMAHON,
* It % estimated that ten million# of London, August 27.—The Kaiser Wil money will flow into Canadian channel# }ieim der Grouse, one of the palatial « »m "thih account alone, anil the fanner* steamer* of the North t «ennan Lloyd throughout the Canadian provinces will |jnv iliiM sunk off the west coast of .til benefit greatly from the distribution ^frjva the British cruiser High Flyer.
„f money from the British War Office.	tjie outbreak of the war she was con-
verted into an armed cruiser and since
re .#.«..........
armed with 10 4-inch guns. The sur London, August 28 vivons were landed tefore the vessel Sir David Beatty with a strong array of sank The High Flyer had one killed torpedo teat destroyers, Utile cruisers
~ egg S	™
mans have occupied Lille, feobaix and tected cruiser Mains was sent to h» g very thing in the line of up-to-Ottawa August 28.-Militia regTl Valenciennes, all town» within French bottom in an engageront with the light cJate Bee-kee^r# Supplies»
fess ips£ë ^~r
¦5savs= SÜ55252S	=s» «=
i m issi i e*s=
:	rixrEEH '	*«*¦***
tifml patriotism is also evidenced in â I despatch from Brindisi, Italy.	L^n frontier. The battle line extends
inft of a carload of transfort waggon* German troops ate refilled as wring from the V istula river to the lbuster from Mr. F. W. Cocksbutt, M.K, of taken the offensive in the Belgian Lon-	over 100 miles. The Russians I
I, rant ford, who is an honorary colonel, go.	have |«enet rated more than 20 miles into | •
The Windsor Salt Csmpany has contri- The Rwian military attache at Paris Austrian territory
sw
tor the i*rc»enUti<»n of coW* to the ^ ^ nnnei| killing two end Quebec, August 31.—Th<- Prince»*
Not. Scotia contingent at Xalcartier. ! wonnding the third	Patricia Light Infantry arrived at Que
æisæ*
Manager and Srcratary,
26 Sparks St., OTTAWA, ONT.
and
Fancy China
BEE KEEPERS’
We have Eaton’s beaten t<> a Bring along your catalogue and compare
and we are then sure of your
A. Dover.
Hand Painted and of very pretty design.
Hear Admiral
SUPPLIES
our prices
custom.
FOR SALE !
We will be pleased to show you these very attractive goods.
AS
Prices Reasonable.
Supers
VO
Hive Bodies and Frames made correctly.
force.
HANS SHADED
Watchmaker, Jeweler and Optician.
MONUMENTS !
VCR S6 YEARS*. EXPERIENCE 4
Patents

Before purchasing your Monument consult the

SHAWVILLE RABBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
1
Nothing too small.
Nothing too large.
neutral not give

CSti
Fencing and Cemetery Work a Specialty.
Proprietor.
mm.
T. SHORE
-rrJtel**
The
All Work Cueranteod Satisfactory.
Whet t
to 18th
###PAGE###5###
f
OBITUARY
Frost & Wood and Cockshutt Machinery.
THE EQUITY,
HALF PRICE
School Dresses
Janus» Millar of the JosPidt Farm puMHt-tl peacefully away Menduty I<Xh, 1914, at hi* late residence Hiver Desert, Que., at the age of 76 yearn. The late Mr. Millar wa* born near Randaletown, in the County of Antrim, Ireland, on 10th May, 1839. He came to Canada 42 year* ago, and 37 of theee year* weft* spent in the vicinity in which he died. A Presbyterian who closely observed that j.	4t Man’s chief
end is to glorify God, and to enjoy him for ever."
Funeral service was conducted in Desert Presbyterian church by Rev. 1 )r. Kerr of Baltimore, Md., assisted by Rev. Dr. Guthrie of Knox church, Ottawa, and Rev. Mr. Stewart,pastor. Rev. I)r. Kerr preached from Zechariah 11 But it shall come to pass that at evening time, it shall be light."
A large cortege of friends followed the remain* to McArthur cemetery, where interment took place. The pall
liearer* wemNUN^	HH
W. J. Ardies, James Cleland, W. A Cummings, U. M. Gendron and T. J
Floral tributes Donovan Family, Mr. J. Qae-ale and family, Hull Official*—Messrs. Maxwell, Lunaui Kirby and Gillespie, Desert Official»—Messrs.jTtylor, Grierson, Johnson. Garvine and MulHn ; sprays, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Robinson, New Lis-keard, Ont.; Miss Mary McAllister, Ottawa ; cut flowers, Mrs. Dr. Mulligan and Mrs. P. I^croix.
He leaves to mourn his loss a wife and five sons : James, Henry, William, Thomas and David, and 13 grandchildren.—Com.
4 Weekly Journal devoted to local Interest#
Published every Thareiay
Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Subscription, #1 a Yiar in Advancs. SW All arrears must be paid up before any paper is dlecontlnued.
Aug
An opportunity to buy Dresses for School Opening at half price.
V only Girls’ Dresses in blue and pink checked gingham, with plain trimmings, from .1 to 6 years.
Formerly 75 cents at half price.
5 only Girls’ Natural Linen Wash Dresses, laced front, blue and red trimmings, short sleeves, from 3 to 8 years. Formerly 75c. and $1.00 at half price.
2 only Girls’ Tan Linen Wash Dresses, laced front with red trimmings, size 8 years. Formerly $1.25 for
advertising hates.
subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $6.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the
rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 5 cents fbr subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month • for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be in-eerted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-ished free of charge. Obituary poetry
declined.
MAPLE LEAF, 2 Furrow CROWN GANG
a
Also a full line of Walking Plows.
14:7
or
S. E. HODGINS
t
1
D. McRae’s Old Stand
Main St., Shawville.
Messrs. Jot. Bennett,
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
¦	I JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Wreaths, Family
half price
10 Misses Balkan Coats made of white Indian
Canadian
acifie
y-
Head Linen, with blue and red trimmings, for girls 14 to 18 years. Formerly $1.50 and $1.75 for half price.
Round Trip Excursion Fares.
Canadian National Exhibition, Toronto,
Aug. 29th to Sept. 11th, 1914
Professional Cards.
HOUSE DRESSES
1	only Brown Checked Gingham House Dress, collar and cuffs trimmed with plain brown chambry, short sleeves, size 34. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
2	only Plain Blue Chambry House Dresses broidered at neck and sleeves, low neck, short sleeves, size 36. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DKNTI8T Campbell# Bay
Lowest one-way first class fare and one third, for round trip good going Aug. 31st to Sept. 11th, inclusive.
Lowest one-way first class fare for round trip, good going Sept. 2nd and 9th. All tickets good to return up to and including Sept. 15th, 1914.
For further particulars apply to E, J. HEBERT, 1st Asst. G P. A., Montreal, or nearest C. P. Ry. Agent.
Qu*.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of 8urgvy McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of SiicentUUj7of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
August 26.—The farmers in this section are busy at the harvest.
Miss Eva Thompson is visiting friends at Wyman.
Mrs. John Russell, of Toronto, visited Mrs. 8. Knox last week.
The young people from around here attended the party at Mr. Smith’s on Tuesday night and report a good time.
Mrs. Kennedy is visiting her daughter, Mrs. Mick Stanton.
Miss Mildred Draper was the guest of Miss May Findlay Tumi
Mrs. Win. Sheppard and son Bobby spent Sunday at Wm Findlay’s.
Wm. Woods, who was seriously hurt by a runaway accident, is not much improved.
R. Judd, Greer Mount, spent Sunday in this section.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Wellington Smith, also Mr. George and Miss Jessie Smith guests of Mrs. John Shepjstrd last
em-
• HOSIERY
R. A. DRAPEAU, ILL
Ville Marie---Que.
15 pairs of Women’s Tan Hose, plain lisle and lace, sizes 8& and 9. Formerly 25 and 40c., to clear
at 15 cents.
in
ay

S. A. MACKAY
THE SEASON IS ON FOR
Mr

notary public
... Que.
Roofing, Sheeting And all kinds of out door Tin-work.
G. F. HODGINS GO.
Shawville,
R. MILLAR, L.LL
were
week
Estimates of anything in this line cheerfully furnished.
All orders executed with a view to giving satisfaction
Mrs. James Woods has returned home after visiting friends around here.
A. McCuaig, McKee, soient Sunday at home.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
J
Mr. Hector Hodgins, Ottawa, spent a few days last week with his parents, Mr. and Mrs. George Hodgins.
Dewdkop
D- R. BARRY, K.C.
Our Aim to Please
barrister, advocate. AO
Shawville Fair
Sept. 21, 22, 23.
OveHisard by Thackeray.
The discomforts endured by Thackeray In the United States, which he dwells upon In the letters to Mrs. Brookfield, were alleviated by some amusing Incidents. After his return to London he told Carlyle that during one of his American journeys “the train stopped at Concord. Then one of the two silent Yankees opposite me turned to the other and remarked, Mr Emerson, I hear, live# In this town.4 'Ye**,' wan the drawling rejoinder, 'and I understand that, In spite of his odd notions, he Is a man of considerable property/"
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
gw Visits Shawville every Saturday
We endeavor to handle goods that will please our patrons, and at prices to suit everyone.
GEO. C. WRIGHT
THE WAR
CONCRETE
If your purchase is satisfactory, kindly favor If not satisfactory, please let us know
AC
I
Pari*, August 31—The Ministry of War announces that it ha* been decided to call out the class of 1914, which will give at leant 200,000 additional troops, a id also to call out the active reserve and the oldest classes of the territorial reserve.
London, August 31.- The official information bureau announces the Apia (a sea|>ort of Upolu, Samoan Islands and capital of the German part of the group) surrendered on the morning of August 29th to a British force from New Zealand.
Montreal Star “New Zealand " was in the firing line yesterday (Friday) and helped to the victory. New Zealand feels a thousand times repaid for her contribution. The New Zealand ship by strengthening the navy in the North Sea to that extent helped Britain to clear the trade route of both oceans, and to protect Canada’s sea cents All Canadians hope that Canada in the not far distant future will have in the British fleet these ships—the M New Brunswick.* the “ Nova Scotia,” the Prince Edward Is land,” and the British Columbia,*1 representing our Maritime Provinces. What cheers would have gone up today in Canada if her ships had been sharing the glory with little New Zealand.
•ADVOCATE.
. Hull.
us again and we will gladly make it right
196 Main St
WORK
EXECUTED.
GEORGE HYNES
Lover of Poetry.
Too bad about poets, Isn’t ttF “Whafe too bad—their poetry ?"
“No, no; the fact that It doesn't pay to write poetry. Pm told they're mostly always vary poor.”
“You mean their books dont sell?" That's It It's too bad.”
Ton like poetry r
“I love It I read all I can get"
Ton buy the books, of courser “Oh, dear, not I can get 'em all from the library!"
We, the undersigned, have purchased a Costa STB Mixer end are now in shape to do all kinds of concrete work, either by contract or by the hour. For full particulars apply to
General Merchandise, Dry Goods, Groceries and Martin Senour Co’s. 100 p. c- Pure I aints.
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention. Open allhours
E. B. CAYLEB - PORTAGE DU FORT.
JAS. Re & JOHN A. DEAN,
Stark’s Corners, Que
The battleship
win
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
ftsldom Ml Two “rood fellow*” were ambling home it an early hoar In the morning
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
And other Usine during Close Season by reporting at once to the underaigni'd any violation of the Osroe Law you become aware of
LIST OF DONORS OF SPECIAL PRIZES TO SHAWVILLE FAIR.
rp HR sole head of a family, or any male
esassasBÿ
certain condition*.
“Not often,” replied the other; the throw* pretty straight” - Cleveland
Liberal compensation
All oor-
paid for convicting evidence reepondence strictly private and confidents! .
“I always try to look at everything
kntb a l .team ’*
N. McCUAIC
Prov Gam Warden
$40 00
B. Campbell, M. L. A.. Ottawa, Ont..
except when residence Is per Thom. McDowell, Be* , Shawville, Que.
10.00
Bryson January, 1913
“How's thatr
10.00
the ln-
*8he say* yon haven't
10.00
H.ulw
PUBLIC NOTICE
ay uoara sooi < Fall® on Saturday
side of a church for y Record-Hermkl
10.00
Province of Quebec.
"Rtffl	U~.,T
Hodgins. the undersigned Secretary surer of the Municipality of the Town ship of Clarendon, that the Collection Roll of the said Municipality Is made and completed for the current year, 1914. and also the Collection Roll for the current year, 1914. to pay interest and Sinking Fund of the Railway Bonus.
Both collections are deposited In the
undersigned. All persons
Dpear therein as liable tor the payment of any as#
nee.T nkwfiiH. at my office within t he twenty day» following the date hereof without farther notice.
Given at Shawville. this Slat day of
éMiAMMbimMMmWIÉiMI
9.00

Smiths Falk August 30 —Two Austrian* were taken into custody Sat urday afternoon in the Long Rush, a strip of woods about 15 mike from this town and are held in connection with the death of Patrick Moran, the C. P. It.
murdered in the early
6.00
MM Mon alongside him homestead in- Krwin Mohr, E*q.t Beechgrove, Que,.
Dutiee—Sli months residence In each Archie Dover, Esq., Shawville, Que... of three rears after earning h^m^tead	Steele, Esq., Quyoii, Que.
«S %
eh.3‘5 "else ld, asnwssÆ
lend. Lire .to* msy be «ibeUtot^l for Neleoo McLelUn. Enq.. W ym*n. Que. , ultiration ¦^”5^	Home Maker* Club, Wyman, Que
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior ShswviUe Milling Co., Shawville, Que
„£ Easttaufife-'F w	otuws’0,11.
Tree
6.00
6.00
5.00
ke
all about bow to

guard who hour* of Saturday morning by an unknown whom be challenged. Moran was able to give a good description of bis slayer More he succombe*!, and
immediately organized to icour the surrounding country. The trail led to the two men who were eventually arrested. t
It is said that the shooting of Moran will likely lead to the arrest of all the
5.00
the
5.00
office of the
5.00
5.00
Ms are
5.e
5.00
3.00
2.50
E. T. HODGINS. •acyl
1 bbl. Flour I “ Purity Flour
###PAGE###6###
4

CHIEF OF VAU ANT BELCIANS
GOLD HK8KRVKS.
MIE SUBMARINE MINES
La or ni o tig Sums Held by the Countries at War.
The financial aspect of the wax | TH El A R fi I) IV11) K D 1 \ TO TWO
< LASSES.
The Wanderer’s Return ;
and the extent to which each coun try may he able to finance its operation* is extremely difficult to
estimate. On July 30 the principal,	__ _ _
countries engaged held in the vaults | ”n('	** * ontrolled Iroiu the
enormous sums. The Bank of England alone allowed about the Faroe reserves as for tlie last eighteen weeks, and there was a slight do ,
craaae from the corresponding week two main claasea, “cootruliable’• of the last two years. The gold and I and “uncontrollable,” or, as they silver holding» in France, however, are often termed, “electrical” and showed an increase of about $160.- “mechanical.” In the first class 000,000 over the corresponding week the method of firing js by electri-for the previous two years, and the city. The source of the power reserves have been fteadily mount- whether from battery or dynamo i’ mg week by week for the last eigh contained in a firing station on teen weeks. Germany shows an in- shore, which is connected up to the crease of about $67,600,000 over the mines by insulated cables. By sim-week ending July 30, 1913, and an ply switching off the electric ‘power increase of about $100,000,000 over such mines are rendered inert and the same period for 1912. For the powerless, week ending July 30, 1914, Ger mechanical
>
Or, A Change of Fortune.
9r
x

Shore and Fired by
¦
•i
« t
I
M
CHAPTER X LI X.—(Continued!.	i not present. And a quick intuition told
Tea. Mis Urey could take care of her | 6er truly that he was in hie mother a
She warn in no sort of danger.	P ‘	,	.	. j
Hut ae for the poor young man, Craven . Ae ,OQ* at *ho crowed the threshold. Kytv?	MU* Cavendish kindly came forward t«>
I)ay after day be found some excuae to ™eet her. and took her hand, waving drop in at Blue t'iffw. Evening after even- . "< vine in. Mrs. Urey. We are waiting inf he wpent in the flirt’s fatal company, i for you. Here is Laura and Klectra, both Like the three profe wors at Mount Aa- | looking *o well and happy cotation, like poor young Parson Lyle, like ^ Keaewurod by these pleasant words. Marv Governor Cavendish and Alden Lytton. lie ?/ey went ennltngly forwatd and greeted in his turn. fell a victim to tlie baleful th* two young ladle -, each with a kite, beautv of Mary Urey.	And ehe even commanded hereelf euf
Forgotten was his fair betrothed, the fr*«*ntiy well t« way to Laura: brave maiden of the lighthouse; forgotten L	had hoped to have your brother
were all hi# vows, hie faith, hie honor. !)? ! here also, Mms Lytton. loved only was the fascinating eireu who I lea. I had hoped so, too. was luring him on to hi* detraction. j	hind and thoughtful in Mrs Cavern
One fatal evening in th*' last week in ! dM°? to think of a# king him. Was it not F Lent he broke through al-1 the barricuw of 8S,™ L;luirf;. .	.	..	„	...
reserve, and with awkward earnewtnew I , h WAa tike her dear self, wauled Mary declared his p.iweion for her, and be-1 tihey.
•ought her to be hi# wife.
Why.\hc laid her little white hand on I >he holidays», eo am to make up for lost his head, and wept over him and sympath- time, and to be prepared to pass his exited with him. and told him that her heart amination in July. It li l very great waw buried in the grave of her betrothed, 1 n“vta,^e*	notfu
this time; but that, if ever she could rally ... l\ » Perfectly abominable! put in
from her present dwpair ao u* to take any hlf*;tr£1	. .. . A „ A. ,
Intcrwt in the affair* of thiw life, she ! At	moment old Aunt Moll, the old
might possibly think of hi# proposal, and e®1 and nioet *wteemed female servant In that if ever she should consent to marry 1‘lfe family, entered the room, and, court*
it should certainly be him and I laying with old-fashioned deference, eaid:
“Mis# F.tnray. honey, de ole madam sir** for to see you in her own room, and like
Mary and the young ladiw."
I immediately arnee, re-

Kloftrldly,

eelf
¦
Submarine mine» are divided into
*
<*tr>
«
*?
r
%


«e?

* y

*
v
t
le

A
y
It wa<« <o

W


¦
H

And after all he wouldn't come; naid he couldn't; that he had to read hard all
The power which fires .	,,	,	el HI mines comes either from
many shows » sudden increase of, & self-contained small electric bat about $<0,000,000, about the sanie I tery or from a pistol, spring morea.ne as is shown over the cor- pended weight. In all mine’s of this responding period for	last	year,	class the impulse which starts	the
Austria Hungary, on	the	other I firing gear cornea from a ship or
hand, does not appear	to have in	floating object bumping against	the
«reared her holdings	very	much.	mine. Mechanical mines thus	set
£, escirrrj: sa
Kifis	| XL.'SvSo'Se "'Yf"	S',1.™'
about $88,000,000. and over tiie eipal advantage» of uncontrollable 8amo period in 1012 about $150.000,- mines are their cheapness and the
rapidity with which they, can be laid.



or sue-

• -•

BP
U



'**"**« 3*ts$ '
one.
no other; but thut he muet not près# her ' now. He muet forget for the prevent the	u
I>nmo»al he had made, and continue to I w}** Ml## Mary i ?ieit her and be her friend a# heretofore. Mis* < avemlish And ne eights! and thanked her. and Questing her companion# to accompany
bleeevd her. and promised to try to school	,e,t V16 dra/wi]lf*rottnV a,,d conducted could not do It. I ehaîl have him at my
ËMÉÈgW ¦ * mtà	.......... <**' yet. for nil hie gray halm'	I	.
%:/wi%	ifÏÏ I thej1 afoundU|irs! cî^.dLh'e^ïïitVin^n I jW^r.^Jvîïid^amti- annW thS • ^an^a^d^ady^eced^th^
dinate. cruel and nvltlhh vanity with the her «reside eaey-chair, drtwed with un
___ usual care and tawte. nud looking letter doubtless
your #u past. Ta I n g h
dhdi. sinking wearily back in her chair.
Ho at length thev all left the room Km

«£* *
KINQ ALBERT OF BELGIUM AND HIS STAFF.
hi# heart to modérât ion and forbearance, them to her grandmother's chamber.
Although it was rather later than the
And still, after thir he visited her every
most cheerful place in the house for you The supper -wan a triumph of Aunt Moll#
hSEUSSES sKSSSsw?-'«	is f*f=
^«ÆSSSr.:	m-&* 5 hr S£ œ p.... ' ;;3Sfe °£S' HE i 2TZ7JXT I & rfe 2
«St?»	:Hx I ït-UÿtiXï 5: St;	^
“r'Th.h ,lce of ü,e ,irl whu *"”* b" 7S t!* ^"unî°to b,BrV”,arWplï,m'a«"ein	« îou dT».."'	""" “ lon* | BriUin. The Bank of England has I nx,<'rr<!	^'«oni or at suffi
Then, Uàin* the hand uf Elect™, «h» ™,œ?7 I had lo*t traee of mj unhappy "In that case, dear unci». I cannot be *" arrangement w ith the various ?.* ,, pth_to “« harmlew to drew her to her boeom. and embraced ^'ngTh l^S?' he71\Cld'nlt\nd	my VEtol^kXfÏÏL!» 1 ^	bank* bX which that j *"*»<*'/ tr^CL
•e ,Smt hitdH,lS ftVÆ ^ad 4/°Jk a *‘nt home with me." eaid Emma. STith a reserve is enormously increased. ln the “circuit-doner” or “C.C."
°did not know*u in Uct. unîiTJiiden" ^KYriTwh^wêre chaiUVin^ aw^îîî ' , But tTyi** to estimate how I «>^m. each mine contains a email ITd eït»1 m?ettLhe°,Vt0uri eï:1hn<,ei » corner like a couple of magpies	I ,ong	of these countries can | P,(1<* apparatus which is set in
backward for yearn ^to the hwiory'^f ' at"'ZtZlltlZ 1	ou war "ould Ui the energies j "*>ti<>n by a blow from a vessel,
your mother', married life And. Ele* her iiew-found relative '	^ h * | of an expert, and then he would 8uch »n impact completes an elec-
•No. I don’t. 1 feel like a cat in a I probably waste his time. It was trical circuit through which the
¦ eng<medr quit# “to" have recovered her, thought at the time of the Balkan mj ne can be fired. If it is not wish-cheerful,,e#M And truly Dr. Jones wa# wars that the little nations would ed to Are, the “C.C.” is automa right. Her education had b-n .adly W I be unable to finance their under- tically restored to it. ordinary con-
Meantime. Mns. Grey, weeing Dr. Jones ! takings for very long. They were <M*on, by a spring. These mines
s!d«‘.n:inde wTth .in'apuealing ri<wk‘up'in” terribly exlialisted at the finish, but ?ro near the surface, and are used hlf fwP; Phe «aid. with chiidiikc humility: • money has been found for the pur- ,n side-channels, which it is intend-
you - N» Stopped "and «obbid a’îitUe. I Çow recuperation. By royal j ^ to close entirely. They are also and then recovered hcraclf and continued: 1 decree it is high treason for any used to reduce the width of ¦¦¦
dem,my^<XmBdutmni TJT ^ ! «"tish house to lend money to Or ble channels, young' And if you kn^w aJl you would many, and it is, of course, interest- They are effective in foggy
%r?iT he answered, “if I had	speculate on how Germany, Hiisty weather. The powder charge
chanced to come upon the ecene before my even with an enormous war chest *8 small and they are casv to lav
I %:'%%	,hi.mh,=M if	<»" <'”r.v on for very1
certainly have interfered and prevented long without financial disaster_if
it1 :,r:zrz ^.v»mst'S thp *** ^	*<•* th0r. An>- «pkwv. cn w b
! vented that intended marriage. And now, Ollghly.	marine mines, but the explosive
Z	/«*¦	¦«* » «*• Germany alone	“ >n general une ia wet „
to your own «oui, I «hail not interfere un of the continental powers can not 001100 w 110 * small dry primer,
There,om CXÆïïSS.-"	^"“'side aource, for «nd « detonator to .tart igniti.m.
Khe	took	hi# hind and	kiesed	it.	and	supplies.	She can sell	nothing buy	1	a,e® Ior observation	min
“h” h‘0.ÏLU^,na,.,.,.7	Bothi-«.	"-"“facture	nothing. À	“*	£i™>in	-
from	their	iu#tre	complete	victory for	the British	,i>€	bv.ttt,m an« spherical for	buoy,-
THK END	navy means that Germany is abso-	ant	mio€s-. The weight	of the
lutely cut off from all her colonies charge is 500 lbs., and the size of a and her trade. Her merchant ves- puoyfnt case for such, is four feet «els can not leave port, even her ° diameter. Contact cases are Number ( omposing the > arious | fishermen can not venture out to spherical and about 39 inches in
sea. What this may mean to such diameter. They hold 100 lbs. of
The German army ie divided into I Clt,ee. **. Hamburg and Bremen RU""cotton ,
23 armv corps, with Saxony furni.h- "“W be l“*,n*d They «>»t by The met interesting example of mg one corps, Wurtemburg one, ‘f**’ and Germany • whole trade, mine warfare warn in the attack and Alsace-Lorraine two, Bavaria three,	mu*f °» internal. That her defence of Port Arthur during the
and Prussia the remainder. Each ra,nr* fnd ««"cultural wealth may Kuaso-Japanese war, 1904 5.
corps has two divisions ; each divi- ?u,	,#*r v>r,so!ne	come Mines and torpedoes were first in-
sion two brigades, and each bri- l\ *	*”.e irretrievable ruin troduced into the British
gade two regiments of three batta- that «*"*** in the face-if her 1863. lions. The war strength of s corps na>> ls rendered lid pleas— whether
is about 30,000 men. The 23 corps, j ™ conquers I usaia and France or	proof 0f it
the cavalry and the reserve, make | n<>t| muet ***re*>'	her business
» war strength of about 1,160,000 men P*u*<* ar><« whether smash Hhe—Men aren't any brainier fighting men.	1 Vg ’	mi;i|,#n| Am in the face of than women ; they have only fooled
The French field army is divided Irlirope »» quite as profitable a pas- us into believing that they are. into 19 corps, organized on the j tmic as the military party has iras-	He—Well, doesn't that show that
German basis. The corps have ajgln**0,	they areî	J
J fighting strength about 33,000 men.
The total strength of the active army is 740,000 ; with the reserves it is 1,230,000 combatants.
The Austro Hungarian army is i divided into 16 army corps of about
34.000	combatants, organized on the German plan. The active army has
570.000	combatants making, with 1 the reserves, a total of 820,000.
! The Russian army has 30 corps.
' organized on the German model,
with a fighting strength of 36.000.
With the reserves this makes a total of about 1,250,000. There are in addition vast numbers of nondescript troops in Asia, which would of little consequence in a Kuro-
000.
Fleet rira I Mine* Go In Twos,
are
i

in
“Doe# Laura know, or does the not know?' was the question that continually repeated itself to her.
CHAPTER L
Evening came at length, and fine fire#! fondly, faying:	M
were lighted in the long drawing-room. tome to me. my dear child Thie and in the dining-room, and in the guest# your home for evermore chamber#, that were prepared for the And then releasing her. and turning her visitor#.	around to the others, she said:
And an elegant supper service wa# 4aid ‘‘Voting ladiee. I am over eighty year# in thff dining-room, ready for the luxur* A*’e HmJ have lived to see my great io i# ^tipper that wan being prepared in	**rtt? .5.lighter t young >
the kitchen. And Emma Cavendish had	*he Plectra loroni. She
sont Jerome with the capacious family	«laughter of ray
traveling carriage to the Wetidover «ta	here. Dr. Berea for
tion to meet the traveler# and bring them At wiese word# the youthful party turn to Blue Cliffs.	ed their eyes oil the Rev. Dr. Jones, wlu>
And Emma herself, with Mrs. drey. #at *®.1.led an* bowed gravely, in the parlor awaiting their arrival. , Electra a face grew white and red again.
But a# the hour# of waiting paeaed heav.	and ahe *a,,k upon the foot<u*hi«m	at	the
ily on. Mary Giey# courage ebbed She	old ladY * f«**L dropped her	head	upon	her
dreaded to meet Laura Lvtton. lest that bands, burwt into team, and sobbed softly, young lady should have heard of her mur I The old lady laid her hand upon the derou# treachery, ami should, in the pre- &>rl ’* shining hair, and kept it there for seme of all her companion#, give her the a lltt,e wbile. during which no one spoke, cut direct. '	and no #-»und was heard but the soft sob
rthe felt that she could not risk meeting bine of Eleqjra. such an affront.	The announcement that had been made
Bo when at length #he heard the sound WMe totally unespe, ted by Laura Lytton of distant carriage wheels, she arose, #ay. I ftl‘d Mary Grey, and their faces expressed
the utmost astonishment. Truly. Mary I think I will leave you to receive your *)rey had. by eavesdropping. overheard young friend# alone, my dear Emma Mr# Cavendish call Dr Jones her son. and Doubliez# you would prefer to do so.** bad thought that she hod discovered a And the slipped out of the room before mighty family secret, which would be of Mi.*# Cavendish could put in any reply. use to herself some day. But this had Mary Urey tripped upstair# and con- given no clue to the secret of Electra « eealed herself in an empty closet, situated parentage, and thus she wa# a# much tak-hetween the chamber occupied by Emma *‘n by surprise as wa* Laura Lytton and Cavendish and the one assigned f<ir the I Elestra herself.
u#e of the two girls. Laura and Electra. Mr# Cavendish was the first Vo break Here, hidden from view, she knew Uie the silence should pass unsuspected, hear all that * deemed it right, young ladies, to call should paw between the young hostess vwu here and «•ommunicate this piece of and her guests, whether they should talk intelligence at once, so a# to put all mut-together in the one room or the other. ter# upon a right base to begin with. And She had not remained long in her hid- now, my dears, as my health is but feeble, ing place before she heard the carriage and I need to retire early to bed, I will roll up to the front door, the door quick- dismiss you to your evening amusements. ]y thrown open ad the merry entrance of *itb the hope that you will find your visit the Easter party, attended by the joyou# here a# pleasant to yourselves as it is wel-greetings, u# hostess and visitors em come to u# Good-night.' raced.	And the old lady held out her hand with
And soon they all came upstairs to- * blending of friendliness and old fashion gather. And soon they were all gathered od formality
m Lr ura and Electra * room, where, the Emma. Laura and Mrs. Grey, in turn, door being cl< #ed. they thought themaelvi-# to°k and kissed the kindly hand, and alone and secure from outside intrusion I turned to leave the room, and observation. And then followed the But Electra still «at. on the cushion at #en. ele>#, sweet chatter of young girls her gra red mother’s feet with her face burlmeeting after absence.	ed in her haisle, sobbing softly, until the
And then at length Mary Grey# name «dd lady stooped over her and whispered: was mentioned, and the li truer pricked My dear child, does it affect you so up her cars and listened more intently. much a# this to have found your f It was the voice of Emma Cavendish tLat and friend#5 she hend speaking.	"Oh, ye*, yes. yes’’ sobbed Electra.
Yes. she is here still, and is to stay “Come, try to calm yourself. Rise and here always. I know. Laura, dear, that go with the young companions to who*.*» you never liked Mrs Grey. And even I. society you are accustomed You will who liked her at first, began to dislike all have a great deal to say to each other her very much when I thought she was ! after this. And you will recover calm ne## going to be my step mother. And I fear in their company sooner than any when I might have been unjust to her then. But. else."
My father loved her-lovea
woman This is is the grand-good, long absent d Jolie.'.”
son
she
'H


El

(
m

navig-v


x
'
or

m

lug
Bet Gun Cotton Card.
V
gun-

less I see

yt-r2rsugap
If your jars are well
cleaned and
scalded
and the right proportions i St. Lawrence Sug
ARM! CORPS.
6

I un»pen 11 Armies.
I
i
#
I
ily
i
t
service m
1
t
of
¦=
1 ra. liât her tenderly
And with these words, the ancient dam,» And el nee hi* death. I have raised her youthful descendant to her Laken her to my heart for his eahe. Why. i feet. and. turning to her granddaughter Laura dear, I would cherish a dog that said:
papa had In tod And shall I not much 1 'Come. Emma, take your cousin here tn.,re cherish the woman that he adored? away with you. and he good to her "
But perhaps I should not have felt *o if Miss Cavendish took Die h» had lived. But death makes a great said, pleasantly:
difference. Laura, love. Now. try to like Come, my little cousin. We have ah her for my sake, and for my dear way# been friend*, and now I am very glad farhers. .	_ .	.	, j to find that we are such near relative*
En:ma, dear. I shall be very good to And the weeping girl, weeping for joy Ml*. Urey, since you wish it. And I shall raiher than grief, suffered hereelf to be try to believe In her also, since 1 really led away by Kmma Cavendish have no substantial reason for doubting Mrs. Grey and Laura Lytton were fol her." answered Laura Lytton. pleasantly lowing, when the old lady uttered w Maty Grey a heart bound.-d with joy. fihe exclamation that stopped them.
KSSiltKlli
th, d~,h of fterl* I M/rdTiL
and a traveler for many year*. And bfc return now fills my heart with joy. My son. this is Mrs Grey, once the dear friend and betrothed bride of your late brother Their marriage was prevented only hy death. Receive her. therefore, as a
ar
•ad fruits are used, your confections will not ferment or spoil but will remain pure, fresh snd sweet for


ectra'e hand, and
ulsted Sugar is the idesl preserving sugar, am it is made from the finest selected, fully matured cane sugar and ie 99 99# pure.
• !
« I W
Sugar ie an Id in 2 lb.
5 lb.
for
KM the. I#
re a

Extra Granulated Sugar
is put up et the Refinery in
10 Pound,
20 Pound,
50 Pound
and
100 Pound Cloth Bags, and in
2 Pound and 5 Pound
Sealed Cartons 1 the Original Packages.
E..	t.
fk. Lew
y eldest son. Dr. been an absentee

tal stroke that c • »* vend ieh.
With the "sigh of t great deli reran she arme and stole forth from th# by the <1o- r leading through Emma Caven-
. wh
Rb'* hurried to her nom. which was now 11 warmed and well lighted, and «be •food before the mirror to put a few finish trig touches to her toilet for. was there not » gent? there not the Rev. Dr Jonee there to be

Mils
wreece Sugar Refietries, Limited, Maetreal.
When you buy cÇ^'S/tq&L Extra Granulated Sugar in any
of these original packages you are sure of getting the genuine
Canada’s finest sugar, pure and clean as when it left the Refinery.
5 T-M
wa# then
pty


And the old ladv took the band of Mary
Grey and plaeed it In that of Berea ford
• •
What Dr. Jones vu about to say or do. under the circumstances. I do not know: probably someth!
iwan war
The Italian arm Ham 15 corps of ; the German model, with about 30,000 combatants. The field strength of the army is about 400.000 com i bstants, with reserve# etc., swelling t	igth
600.000 • ¦
*
fascinated9 True, he was over sixty years

. he
ng rather unpleasant : out Mary Orsf. as -he
I be#
¦ ¦ I ¦	ly	what sd that f
He was the only available man to flirt with for that evening, and she knew the power of hey beauty to w therefor# he must be victimised
to
and to be her en
the young widow
gave him her hand, lifted her dark eyes. her	euhduing eyes
Sugar
in him ever: and Ho with

to his face, an hand, and said.
to probwbh
srsz

her drew» ; perfectly arranged.
and lwr
1 have
in smiles, she Ing-ivom. where the y

S5
went to place Electre there at the time, as
It’s worth while to insist on
‘Why do people sp.vtk of the hu-00000000|##flmuae men ##d # men sre ala ays running after etch other	HI

< RAPTK1 LI
man rare {
"Ahr thought Mary Gear, "he was
A sharp if.
ing to
I
that the lev. Dr J
hlm But I omly looked at b ¦:	and he
t *

MONTREAL,

###PAGE###7###

ES
£EEP CHILDREN WELL DURING HOT WEATHER
on the restoration of peace was an II.... „ «$» • iir
pdinted to * flret lieutenancy in the MOW 8 oICK llOlllilB
engineer corps. He took pert in the	,,
¦	¦¦¦	Formosa and Tonkin campaign»,	L(III Ik6°flIII HOAIl)l
Every mother knowa how fatal the and later wai engaged in West Af-	°	I II A II R I HD rUlfimD
sstîsîsss, ss	— «... ™ KANU All HNbtno «¦ *¦-*-«*.
rhoes, dy»*ntry and «Wmmoh iron- column which went to the *»d stance "For years I was thin and delicate.	——•	JV * ****„"*'' •“ An. srd<1|nt
KZ&âiïtïSfSZÎXJSXTÏSî æ!	Vïïft“JS
mmm mmm pepi	###:
sn^^r13ST-2 a JiS^JÿAls fizz	:
Flpf	i#P
'¦*¦¦¦¦¦¦	¦¦	more while he waa cooking.
in half a minute I had a half-
HI K FBE8UE8T FI8H.

10
8IIU Dripping With Water Drop, ped In the Frying Pan.
Porks
.Beam
he
*1
%
i

to
» »
>y
1
d
is
i-
Highest grade l*eans kept whole and mealy by perfect baking, retaining their full strength. Flavored with delicious sauces.
placed reliance upon them and now ! that they have made me a well woman I would not be without them whatever they might sont. I found Dr. Harnil ton's Pills by their mild yet searching action very suitable to the delicate character of a woman's nature. They never once griped me, yet they es tab Waked regularity. My appetite grew keen—my blood red and pure—heavy rings under my eyes disappeared and to-day ray skin Is as clear and unwrinkled as when I was a girl. Dr. Hamilton's Pills did it all."
The above straightforward from Mrs. J. Y. Todd, wife of a well-known miller In Roger#ville, Is proof sufficient that Dr. Hamilton's Pills are a wonderful woman's medicine. Use no other pill but Dr. Hamilton's, 26c. per box. All dealers or The Catarrh ozone Co., Kingston, Ontario. •
r,
is
n
e

i-

bumlng that I erratcbed and made
r
and ray hair came
^ out awfùlly bad. I did no# pound tfout. I swung this fish out
and over him, where he stood b> the fire, for him to look at.
» monta nut as soon aa i started doing my [. . ^oid hun so for a minute,' my boosa-work again roy bands got Just as bad , frie-nd said to me, and I did, just
and over his head
I
GENERAL JOFFRE.
(1


&
A Silent Man, kind. Quiet, and
Unaffected.

M
r,
i
n
«# <
r
k
The generalisaimo of the French army has considerably over 3,000,000 officers and men under hi» command, obedient to hie »1 ightest • Gen. Joffre i» the youngest officer of hia rank in the French service. %
tSUgeanH
it
m ever. I used two bottles of
letter It did not do any good. Ono day I read
You know there's
6
.	* way of
cleaning a fish by which you remove w	_
and I need them tui I uw it .topped tba | <* head and vtaoara practically - • | w- P^waoM. citw.. at..
Itching and burning, no I got three cakes oi touch, and my friend knew how.
ÜÜÜS EHiSiSl I EpIitEI
and other distressing eruptions of Ain and ^ ffills, and then he just drew scalp, but no other emollients do so much the head and interior fittings away __
EESH™iF^-F'saa|“war atlasi
«alla nor do It to ecooomlcslly. Sold by I ”nPP»g with the water from which PM* <**»«. of Europe and World; Tabu-
“ ssrwsrfiasa^aS
............... tjs
about Cuticura Soap and Oln

r
»¦
pw
word

»

fc
worn

1
Like #o many great military lead era, Qen. Joffre is a very silent man, rather retiring in his demeanor, yet of the kindest, quietest, most affected, and easy-going manners, which do not at first convey the impression of his rigid will and steellike determination that constitute his chief characteristics. Burly in figure, with heavy flaxen moustache plentifully tinged with silver, thickly tufted eyebrows, shading a pair of very clear blue eyes that often twinkle with merriment,«are usually genial said but seldom hard, he suggests when in civilian clothes one of those courtly country gentle-1 I men that are to be found in rural j | j France. Yet he can be very g and there are some who regard as harsh, notably those officers of k high rank, comprising a dozen oolo . ' nela and no lees than five generals, ? who last year at the close of the annual manoeuvres were by one sweeping and sudden stroke of discipline relieved by him of their mands and placed on the retired list for inefficiency.
Unbounded Confidence.
i
i
9*
un
i
THE MEN OF THE NORTHERN
ZONE.
V*
agents wanted

I
|pv
Oh, we are the men of the Northern Zone.
Shall a bit be placed in our mouth Î
I If ever a Northerner lost his throne,
Did the conqueror come from the South Î Nay, nay blent
In chorus is southward sent. Lord Cromer, in a letter which Since when ha* a Southerner a con appears in a late issue of the Lon I IT ENDS MISERY OF COLDS
quenng steel	don "Spectator" says:	QUICKLY.	__________
Hewed out in the North a throne ? “A septuagenarian may perhaps! Don't wait till night.	I i
Since when has the Southerner profitably remind his countrymen Get after^ your cold now,—this very I ONTARIO VPTPRIMâDV placed his heel	cf event* which haDoened	1 “ DU ?' Î!fore 11 *rowB dangerous I «H I #111111 ft I tnllVAn Y
On the men „f the Northern Zoo. 1 6lt,	.,„i „hl„k th. j ’°Lb S,""^b.îl'Ï.T ÏÏ’SI I	COLLEGE
i |o.,...».. .. ». sui'Ear™*" "" "üvssa
that flow	, „ "In 1868 Napoleon III. allowed i Nerrlllne will gave you from lying
To the eea where the North Star, himaelf to be lulled into security by *wake to-night, coughing, choking 'bines ;	Prussian assurances and atood snide ; *?d ,eu,r®rln* ^®nr congestion In the
eshhe °ax;r :rz
of the army the latter has had time f,nd ,u^ . ore,hl* appomtment as pines.	......	'Had we declined to stand by the eave y°u from perhaps a serious 111-
IJBI.AXS ALWAYS IX FRONT. On, broU»r. W W tSSSS,T2^tA^£t !
Mid respected by the officers and	-- throne,	succeeded in crushing the French }ke most largely used family remedy ...	,	. w e
shove all bv the rank ind file the 11 went>eSix Rvglmrnls in the Ger-j Southerner never aha , place his the Ruseians, they would havellnt^e Dominion. Time has proved Its kiss her complexion off Who'll
4 I
>eara of command in time of, eous impression seems to exist in And lower our natnot crest
p	'-ith Guilty of Assassination
:m= ### ^
tic about them.	mies of the Tsar. The word "Uh
word, Gen. Joffre is the moat de- % regiments of Uhlans in the Oer-te mimed supporter of the policy of man army—19 from Prussia, three
rr b, yz,	ib“ Wre
E€.‘rlri"FE'J‘: r
meffete of the scientific branches of the Uhlans are still being used as
their profession, he at the age of the van
18 commanded a battery of artillery *phe throughout the siege of Paris, and

u.

»
AN INfiff LESSON.
oos.
Dangerous Throat Troubles I ggk	«
Prevented bv \erviline! /^anc** timor»,™lump». me.
•	I vv Internal and external, cured with.
eut pain by our home treatment Write
Dow Germany Had Planned a Sedan for Great Britain.

1 the answer
tv
rim
him
.
Re
.Under the control ef the Depart ment of Agriculture ef Ontario
Eetabllahed 1SSL
Affiliated with the Univorelty ef
Toronto
MB <>4Jere will Thuraday. the let of October. 1914. In the new College Building. 110 University Are., Toronto, Canada.
bb^bi
E. A. A. GRANGE, V. 8., M. 8.
Principal.
General Joffre.
oom
on
C
I
The Dear Girin,
Here comes Nerissa. Let s all
are
On The Go.
Mlaard'e Llalmeet Cares Diphtheria.
Which She Kneaded.
"Did you read in the paper where a woman stabbed her husband with a bread knife P’
“No. Probably he was crusty to her when she asked him for some of his dough."
Madge—She says she hasn't any time to sleep or go to the theatre.
Spoiled Her Argument.
DIGEST FOOD BEFORE EATING
---	“She had almost proved that wo
Bui How Tree» Feed In Difficult to man is in every way the equal of
man ”
“Well, what happened?”
“Just then a mouse ran across the stage and it was all off “
S&S&SBRSSS
)uet Eye Ceefort. J Write for Book of theiye by moll Tree. Mnrloe Eye Eemedy Oe., Chioogo.
place his heel
On the men of the Northern Zone
Explain.
Every gardener knows that a tree can be fed and made to grow with increased vigor. If proper nourishment in the form of humus, nitrogen, phosphate, etc , be planed , ! about its roots the tree will absorb this food and grow rapidly.
us bow

Divided Opinion.
"Are you really going to marry Harold V9
"I don’t know what to say. All the girls in my class read his let-
But how the tree feeds is some- This Is to certify that I have weed MIN
ftSBgÿ rX" u £ SsfKKMfcnB
food first and consumes it after-lhome wards. Certain it 1* that the aver age tree has no means of consum ing food as a whole, as members of the animal kingdom absorb it. It is well known that the larvae of certain insects digest their food first and consume it afterward. Observation would indicate that this is _	III B
exactly what the tree does. The Townley So you have a garden
tiny rootlets act on the substances	do you expect to raise!
Subbuhs— Muscle, my boy.
"Well!"
"Eighteen of them think him a dear, and nineteen say he s a dub/'
steel,
Their mettle is muscle and bone.
never shall place
iHigned)
». PIN BO
Woodlands.'* Middleton. N H
iguard of the German army, j The Southerner Uhlan is armed with lance, his heel
An Even Break.
Mrs. Hiram Offen—Your recommendations are rather poor, I must
say.
Maid- Well, mum, yez weren't recommended very highly to me, ayther
sabre, carbine and pistol. He im ; well mounted and hi» equipment is
especially designed for the purpose | Oh, we are the men of the North for which he is employed ready to fight or run, ride down outpoats or scouting
raws his flanks and screen the | The Great Bear rides in his state movement» of his own main body.
The word "Uhlan itself U of Polish origin and denotes a lancer The Uhlans in the German army wear the czapka, the peculiar flat topped headdress which was worn by the Polish Uhlans, and which to this day is the distinguishing mark in the uniforms of the lancer regi monts of Great Britain and other European countries.
The Uhlans during the Franco-Prussian War made a name for themselves for their quick dashes and raiding expeditions and the ruthless manner in which they ravaged the country through which they went. The patrol of Vhlans who tried to gal.’op into Liege, according to reports from Brussels, and capture the Belgian General Staff, was acting true to the Uhlan reputation for daring 7. vrk
On the men of the Northern Zone
And An Appetite.
ern Zone.
Where the maples their branches toss ;
Summer Days
in tiie earth, dissolving and breaking them up eo they can be absorbed through the root pore#. In order no to be taken up the*chemicals must be in liquid form and devoid of all
Call for a dainty, wholesome food — such
alone,
Afar from the flouthern Cross Our people shall aye be free, They never shall bend the knee ;
For this is the land of the true and the leal.
Where freedom is bred in the bone,
The Southerner never shall place hiw heel
On the men of the Northern Zone.
—
WAR MAP OF EUROPE
as
Post
Toasties
Waattfall? Illwtrated Size Î1 * St
nt Europe»¦
up-V»-daU In flr» ©otore
First cl
The end of each root is armed with a horny substance with which it can burrow through the Iw&rd soil in search of food. When food is found it is dissolved into a liquid and absorbed by the root fibre*. From the root the food is carried by the sap to all parts of th**
The Prodigal ( nlf.
The wicked, witty prodigal re turned and in hi» old manner sc costed hie father :
"Well, guv nor. I’ve come back Are you going to kill the fatted
calf r
But the old gentleman match for him and said:
"No, mv son, I think I 11 let live/'
ry of oouetrtee engaged in the p
OlT«i eneplete ion __ .-ilehtlnf itrengu - Navalead. m Heranne.—Sspendltiir#,—National debt Aktn gtvM condition» that bro.ig> postpaid to any pert of Canada, poetage etampe to
littery, — Population, - Keeourre», and other interesting information, ut thia terri & omlkrt. Price 50 cent# eft U by postal or etp-ewa order or
t ebn
H. R. MORRISON
with cream.
Agents Wanted
The Khan
f r
There’s little work, and much satisfaction in every package of these crisp bits of perfectly cooked and toasted Indian Corn.
Appetizing flavour, substantial nourishment and convenience of serving are all found in Post Toasties.
-^xx\\x
OPENING OF THROUGH PASSENGER SERVICE
M
DODDS
• FTWtlN
«3ffTH
KIDNEY 2
tuP,LlSJ
A.'lVWx. ¦
k L k i n mi N
Toronto & Ottawa
/
Z
CCNTKAL (Grand Trunk) STATION
UNION STATION	_
EFFECTIVE AUO. it, ItH. AND TNI NSAFT1N OAILY EXCEPT SUNDAY
HHMMIBIlaBHI r#,
a


Station#

P
AN
Wsn a Poor Girl, wife
that the might have married a rail* ! ion a i re if she hadn't thrown her
• If awn v <m voit t”
"X<b I escape that My wile » folk# were poor people. She never sâw a milliottaire until we had been
married nias years.”
Le. SELLSVILLS Ar NAPANBC
1 SB
SB '
i n
IAS
« a
tell you
Le. to no n to Ar
osmawa
• Hr mom »,
IH
Fier)thing ef Ills.
"Maud declare# that since she s been married she has been through ev# ing
Yea, her husband says she has too '
Art or
Ar
t si
4
KINGSTON
S«1Yh S PALI Ar. OTTAWA Le
#'»' or
is a
« m

i*
Le
Le IS
V*
ra
Sold by Grocers

LS
IS

11 is
Ar, TNgNTON W» * W
•sea


Pee ticket# an^#X Inf
M>t T.«r- •
Tr -
t O N R Agent o
¦Oil

ED. 7.
ISSUE to—*14.


###PAGE###8###
GIGANTIC CLEARING Tailoring I
And Customers’ Satisfaction
The Shaimlle Boot ai Shoe Store
##
Suits to Measure.
If you want a smart, stylish, up-to-date Suit to measure
call and see

'

fti
S. MOORHOUSE
*


Z
¦~*é
AT TUB —
RUSSELL HOUSE :: SHAWVILLE ::
1

I have 20 years’ experience in high class Tailoring—7 years with 2 Maes, Ottawa.
I guarantee you every satisfaction In style, fit and workmanship,
for 8 Days only
¦ mm
Listen to Reason
S. MOORHOUSE:
^jÛMMONSENSE applied to the purchasing of your ^ footwear will convince you of two things :—
That you cannot get value in a “cheap "shoe—because the materials which enter into their making must
necessarily be “ cheap."
That “ cheap ” shoes cost more than really good shoes— because their lack of durability necessitates more frequent purchases.
There are good reasons why you should buy
Following the custom of our predecessor, L. Herman
we will hold an Annual Clearing Sale
Commencing QCDT K Ending QCDT 10 Saturday ÛLl I ¦ Vj Saturday ÙLI I ¦ \L%
We will offer big money saving Bargains throughout the Store, including all the New Fall Goods, j We may state that the goods offered at this sale] are not old, nor goods bought especially for this sale, but are our regular goods which are all brand j new and in good condition.	|men*,	&
Gentlemens own Material
made up
When you want the best value for your
.. money In ..
SHINGLES
at $1.60 per M- and up
AIro Luth», Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor Ing, Moulding», Dooin, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 453
INVICTUS SHOES
Arnprior, Ont
They possets every attribute of style, comfort ami durability That's why this stores reputation back of every pair we sell
Stray Bull
P. E. SMILEY.
UEO. B. ARMSTRONG.
Radford
We have assembled for this season’s business, by far the most extensive	.¦-
assortment of high grade merchandise ever shown here, and we can THE SHAWVILLE truthfully state that the values we offer leave no room for doubt regarding the advantages of buying from this store.
For this Sale we have made the prices decidedly attractive, and we urge you to take advantage of them—you will be dollars ahead if you do Read over the prices here quoted. An examination of the prices alone may not convince you. but an examination of both goods and prices will leave no reason for doubt as to the genuineness of the barg advantages to be gained by purchasing HERE and NOW. Tn to make new friends and customers for this store, therefore we have set aside temporary profits to accomplish our aim. COME!
NOTICE.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Monday, So; item I Day ami
regular Nv|.tvmU'r meeting of the Vlai i ihluri Council will lie hid,I on Tuesday S-jitvmUT 8th instead ..| \|uiulay.
E. T. HUDGINS,
V-Trva.stirvr
h 1
ug Lilnir \ i holiday, thv
ns
MEAT SHOP

Wyman Bristol
Shawville - • First Saturday Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Elmside Austiu
First Friday, First Thursday,
Gko. Pr KKDBRG AST, Proprietor. (Successor to Jas. D. Horner i
»
s
1
A supply of - - -
Fresh and Cured Meats
ains and is sale is
LONG-LIVED JUDGES.
Second Wednesday, °n,*r,° n, U(h seems to supply con
dit ions For Longevity.
At one of the clubs much favored of the legal fraternity, the lllnesi which prompted the late S. H. Blake to retire from private practice for e nine-year occupancy of the Bench was being discussed, and the fact that he was then moved to take uj
.. II. . I	x .1	firm work again,	and so	long con-
w.' «ill I«y ruilr.N.,1 fare both	«ays,	,lnued lt	ln good	health.	Much Inas t.ir west a* < ou longe and as far	east	teresting	matter	concerning the
as Vuyon, on purchases of $20 or mou», seeming wholesomeness of judicial during our sale. A. Dover.	life was	evoked	among	the legal
groups
Always in stock
First Tuesday,
of each month.
—o—o—
Highest Market Price paid for Hides and Pelt*.
—o—o—
Your Patronage Solicited.
Reg
Sale
#11.00 $ 7.50
5 Men’* Suit*, all size*...............
0 Men’* Suit*, double breasted Worsted
Tweed, e
Local and District
12.50
8.00
15.00
11.45
0
*1
• 4
Pumps Supplied
Mingle breasted
15.00
11.45
20
44
1 Haxvson’s Tweed
15.00
11.45
10
*4
AND —
12.45
10.50
44
IS
0
Wells Repaired.
The great Canadian coun-
The Renfrew company of vol- 8e* an<* chancellor, recently called
un tee rs who left last week for, away’ achieved the good age of 79.
Valeur tier received each a grant 4’îud,*t M°rgan though billed for
of ten dollar* from the town	from ( uuntv 1 " :V[ u‘ ' Vr1!h *
council	by the generous age limit of 75, Is
only 76 and good for a long time at
his Surrogate duties
Laren and Garrow of the High Court
^re 72 and 71, respectively
Justice Meredith—whose amused eye
upon recent provincial events would
make a live newspaper picture. If
20.00
15.75
44
44
0
*4
10.00
12.45
12
Blue Serge
44
We are now in a position to fill order* for Pump* and repair Well* on short notice, and would therefore, be pleased to have your order now, a* it is a suitable time.
We are now putting in pumps with a galvanized lining that makes a great improvement.
Pricks Pnrape at our shop* near Starks Corners, $0.00, and $7.00 and up (according and condition of well).
All pumps guaranteed to give-satisfaction.
H. 8. ELLIOTT & SONS,
R. R. No. 2, Shawville.
19.00
14.95
10
44
44
20.00
Railroad Weave . 9 Youths’ Suit* (Long Trousers) size 88 to 35
Blue Serge.................
14 Child’s Buster Brown Suits, age 2 to 6...,
26 Boys' Suits (Bloomer Pants)..........
Norfolk (Bloomer Pants).....
15.75
4
11.00
7.95
9.90
6.05
6
44
Judges Mc-
The first annual meeting of the Shawville Homemakers’ Club will be held in the New Academy on Saturday, Sept. 5th, at 3, p. m. Election of officers.
3.50
2.25
Chief
3.85
5.00
6.50
4.95
12
44
7.50
5.05
44
44
11
44
<>„; fri.n.| Air How.rd I. .
«n thene day. hunting u|, milt- best work of bn life, u wltn.M bln able horses for the Canadian burdensome task on the Workmen's military contingent. He went to ' Compensation Act. Chief Justice R. the western end of the county on M. Meredith, le 67, but looks a de-Saturday for that purpose.	rade lees. Chief Justice Falconbrldfe
Is a year older. In January next Sir An attempt was made on Sun- William Mulock will be 71. Sir John day morning to wreck a train load Boyd, Chancellor of Ontario, Is yet of troop* en route for Valcartier. another proof that the Bench atmo-A rail had been placed ac ross the ; iphere really la a longevity tonic— track, which luckily the engine. IT- Then thefe Is Mr. Justice brushed azide	Britton—81 upon his birthday next
September—"stlU going strong.”
—*
, haudi.re, „nd „ fSLSLXZ ' “°in V	«?
about 1,090 men have been tern porarily thrown out of work.
to length
2.95
3.75
20 j>airs Men's Tweed Trousers
Trousers.......
2.15
3.25
16
2.25
1.60
22
44
44
200
1.86
20
44
44
1.50
95
15
44
44
1.00 to 1.25
75
35 ;»airs Boys’ Bloomer Pants
Knicker Pants
00
25
14
Tenders Extended for School Care-Taking.
12.50
8.50
Men’s Rain Coat*
11.00
7.60
44
44
5.75
8.50
44
44
Take notice that the time for receiving tenders for Care-takers for the 14 Schools in the Municipality of Clarendon ha* been extended up to one o’clock of Saturday, August 29th.
m. a. McKinley,
Sec.-Treas.
6.50
3.95
• I
• •
6.50
4.50
Todies’ Rain Coats, all colors and sizes Men s Overcoats...................
Low water
15.00
11.25
16.00
11.75

44
of Booth s
e
HO
I I
8.45
12.00
••
«
Eft
years Chief Justice of Ontario. Sir Henry Strong was as long on the ...... eil_f	Bench as vice-chancellor. Judge or
Accidentally Shot	chief justice. Mr. Justice Owynne,
, --- . __	at the age of 88, had also served the
George Helmer, aged 22 years, uke period. If Chief Justice Spragge e who previously lived on Powell judicial service were counted from Avenue, Ottawa, was shot through his appointment as Master, June 1, the back and died instantly about 18S7, until his decease, April 20, 8 o clock last Wednesday night in 1884, a boarding house near Ward's above by 18 years Mines, seven miles north of the McLean waa on the Bench from village of St. Pierre de Wakefield. March, 1887, until 1868, and lived Charlev Goodwin, aged 26 years, a 7 4 years
churn, committed the deed in an also attained the same age but only accidental manner. He has given 18 of it was on the Benrh himself in charge of Constable Justice Draper lived 76 yours_ •“JJ
tlce Armour presided In our court»
nsar t-fituSs e : «2» S5S55
one of the noblest
6.95
16.00
44
44
Shawville, August 10, 1914
8.95
5.50
Boys’ Overcoats.............
Men’s K.B.K. Mackinaw Coats.
Pants
54 Ladies’ Long Sweater Coats
Men's Overalls..............
5.50
3.85
2.45
3.25
44
44
2.65
3.75
FOR SALE
1.00
1.25
A lot of young Oxford Down Rame and Kwe* at reasonable prices : also a pair of Lundy foals, nicely marked. Apply to
JAS. ARMSTRONG. Shawville, or Green Lake Farm.
80
1.00
44
30
60
Men’s Work Shirts
at 74, It would exceed the
Chief Justice
63
75
44
44
85
1.00
44
44
85
1.00
Men’s Fleece Lined Underwear, per suit.
1 Lot Indies Skirts, all colors.......
26 Ladies’ Dresses, all colors........
Ladies Underwear......................
All Prints, Flannelettes, Cottons, etc....
38 pairs Ij&ce Curtains...............
Woollen Hose..........................
12 Ladle*' Suits in Black and Blue Serge Ladies’ Corsets....................
Chief Justice Campbell
3.25
1.65
DAT
4.75
8.65
Chief
25
19
I
12
8
In all countries. Ask for our INVENTOR'S ADVISER,which will be sent free.
MARION A MARION.
844 University SU Montréal.
75
85 to 1.50
19
85
for some time and going from Ot taws to the mica mines they secur
9.75
12.75
83
1.00
ed
63
71
l*ed __________ ____
bring a rifle upstairs, but to see .lterary d^iii
that it wa* not loaded Goodwin snd mogt interesting figures In our picked up the gun and, after ex-, mical llfe » eerved 41 years on amining it, took out one charge the County court Bench prior to not knowing there were two in it. thal judge Wm. Elliott of Mlddle-Helmer went upstairs first and KX county, who retired In 1904, bad Goodwin, who carried the gun. completed 86 years of honorable followed. A jar against the wall achievement.
exploded the weapon sending the Perhaps fittingly after the recent charge into Helmer’* Iwck. the "spirited" spell, the list may be I passing through his heart and closed with the late Hon. Sir Oliver killing him instantly.	Mowat. When he passed away April
Goodwin is much grieved over 19, 1908, he was S3 years old, and, the accident, as both men were, since bis call In Trinity term ik<i warm friend* and it is said, were had been a barrister, Judge, or on the best of terms. Before go- crown officer for a period eeer y
6K arty, ssarans
were un-nairied.	t ®f Ontario’, d.relopment.

30

44
CANADIAN
All Summer Goods at nearly half price.
Remember this Sale is for 81:Bww^wRmloae
Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta,
Reductions in all Lines not mentioned.
days only—Saturday to Saturday.
Come expecting to save money on every purchase.
Ticket» from Ontario and Quebec good
March to October limit two calender
hal
going every Tuewiay Inclusive. Return month* from dele of sale
^part ieulars apply to E. J. HEBERT.
For further Can. Pac. Ry.
1st Asst. Genl
QUEBEC.
SHAWVILLE,
Q«a

