###PAGE###1###
No. 48, 3 1st Yeak
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MAY
21, 1914
f 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
The Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874.
Of Canada
Deposits Nov. 30,1008 Deposits Nov. 30,1013
OVER 06 OFFICES IN CANADA
•24,086,416
40,807,400
Seasonable Goods.
\
ESTA LUSHED 1864
P»Jd up Capital $7,000,000 Total Assets over Eighty Five Millions of Dollars
PfnUi nt
Vice-Pre». — K. W. Bla< kweli.
Rimpvi Fund $6,911,050
\«nv the time fur a general CLEAN-UP, let all get at it
,,,d **"*" - - '*»>-«
Paints Alabastine Brushes Panshine
0. D. Cleanser Lux
Soap Chips Sapolio
Sir. II. Montaoce Allan,
» <ien. Manaper — E. F. Hebde.n
A Savings Account
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank May operated as a Joint Acct.
-	®	Incurs no expense nor formality
ACCOUnt	a niost devilled business asset
Insures money for investment.
Shawvllle Branch)
Quyon Branch i
Gold Dust Concentrated Lye Brass Polish Silver Polish Liquid Veneer 0-Cedar Mops Carpet Sweepers Oil Cloth Varnish
Other Lines now in demand
Garden Hakes, Hoes, Spades, Shovels, Lawn Mowers Sheep Shears, Cow Bells, Ice Cream Freezers,
and Refrigerators.
is an aid and incentive toward systematic saving If you open an account now with a dollar or and promptly deposit your surplus cash where it will earn interest, you will be gratified at the result.

ore
F. C. SMYTH, MANAGER.
I
Fort Conlonge Branch Campbells Bay Branch Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
fi. F. CHILTON, Manager R. LEGER. Manager.
\

HENRY’S
TIS A FACT that the
COWLING >5r
We have ft nice range uf sailor straw hats in stock in a good
quality. A. E. Bovrkk,
Mother should be photographed, but mother thinks only of her children when she thinks of photographs. Perhaps she’ll need persuading—perhaps will call it vanity, but her pictures will prove she la still a beauty to her family in years to come. H I mi son. Portrait Artist.
Holiday. Get your fishing tackle from the G. F. Hudgins Co.
Kith
Canada's National
Ottawa, Ont
Children arc Interesting in each stage of their development. Let pictures keep them as they are today : pictures full of unconscious, unalTecled g individuality of the child Portrait Artist.
On the Civil Service Examinations for November, 1013. oar stenographers and typists headed the list of successful candidates for the whole of Canada, capturing the first, second, and fourth places.
We attribute this success to modern methods, first class equipment, and a string staff of teachers who know what to tench, all having been practical steno graphers. Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President.
Bank and Sparks Sts
OTTAWA, ONT
See our Goods, for quality and price there’s none better
rare, and the
. II. Imison,
la recognized throughout Central Canada aw “ Ottawa's Greatest School of Business, Shorthand and Civil Service " Candidates are prepared for the Examinations of the Civil Service and the Business Educators' Association of Canada.
The school ia open all summer. Enter anytime.
J. H. SHAW.
PORTAGE DU FORT DEVASTATED !
8
Fire Demolishes Greater Part of Village.
What warn the harrowing experience of Shaw ville some years
ago, and la tely that of the village! E. IS. Gayler, store and residence J Supply Co of Bryson, became also that of Boi’dta* owned by J. Besmish Portage dti Fort on Monday afternoon, when the central and most important part of the village warn I wiped out of existence in a couple of hour's time. Both hotels and nil the business places in the village excepting one (Sauve’*) been demolished, its well as a i number of dwellings, and small shops and out buildings. The four churches, town hall and schools, which, fortunately, were not in the Are zone escaped. More than half of the village is go spread so rapidly the extreme drought and a stiff breeze prevailing, that very comparatively was saved,
1 quently the loss is heavy. Lack of space this week prevents a more detailed account of the big fire, which started in the sample room adjoining Dolan's hotel some cause unknown.
The following is a fairly < plete list of the properties stroyed
Do'iu'e Hotel and Sample Rooms, containing Ç. N. R. office.
Paul Tanguay, tailor shop and dwelling
Mias Murphy, reside nee.
Peter Whe!eo, residence.
Thacker e shop and residence.
A'ex. Grant, house. Peter Whelen. house
For Sale—A qantity of good buckwheat at the Shaw ville
W. A. HODGINS
WILLIS COLLEGE
Canada’s Premier Commercial
School
Men’s Summer Underwear in colors of blue and pink, at 50c. a suit at Kizcll & Dover.
•fa*. Hudson, dwe ling house.
Dr. Purvis estate, stone dwelling.
H. (’arson, barber ship and dwelling.
P. Ducharme pool room and dwelling.
Jae. Hart block, containing Branch of have O'.tawa Bank
SHAWVILLE
Now is the Time to Enter This Prosperous School.
Willis College, like any other business \\r !.. i h	^.1 Institution, is open the year round, so
On >\ edneeday. May Mth at the that students may complete their courses Rectory, Shaw ville by Rev. J. J. S. without interruption.
Seaman, Lena May Strutt, young- Prepare for Civil Service est daughter of John S. Strutt, to Prepare for BiiHiness.
£ ,nf,V.1îmUrd I, V,"K P#lmer W.lli, College prepares more ,tud«<. both of l rti ID.	.	| for business life and for Civil Service than
any other college In Eastern Ontario, because Willis Graduates are in demand.
Willis Graduates Stand the Working Test.
Married
T. K'chardaon, a tore and dwelling.
Cameron's meat shop.
Pool room.
Purvis store proper* y, vacant.
L. McDonald, blavksmithshop.
Ottawa House and outbuildings.
Misses Carmichael, resides cs.
Ch!n«,,ne’ P ' "°e lnd tr‘epb0De ” I Th0 »yni|Mithjr of the comm,.. „	,	,, .. nity goes out to Sir. and Mm. Thos
A. 11 >ugier, furn tare shop and dwell* | Walls of Radford in the low# sustained by the death, on Sunday last, of their eldest child, a boy of six years, which occurred from
inflammation of the brain after #i Ladles—Just arrived, only 15 silk and
SBaBiHW*"
Shaw ville Methodist church and _____________________________
ne, and the , owing to
Are
Deaths
Corn Crowing Contest
N. I. HARRISON. Principal.
WILLIS COLLEGE, 102 Bank Street
Cor. Albert St
little
con
SEASON 1914.
mg
OTTAWA, ONT
•farms (Lite, store and dwelling — Toner, dwelling house.
John Coyne, store and dwelling.
Stone residence late Capt. Toner Adams' blackemilhshop.
Walter Bennett bakery and confec-1 cemetery
ttoawk /
Win. Bttkatt, r,«d,no. .ml .hop. I	MR8 ™OMA8 nAt,ti'
Mr,. Ford., dwelling.	0,1 Tuesday. May 5th, the death
I- *r - ,er	eratia i3 rsjss
•Several other buildings, totalling over the early age of thirty-seven I shop, comprising 2 shops and dwell-fifty m all.	I year*, after an illness of several house. One or the beat business
. ,R ,, , rt, K/a atlcf «ÆSK • -
Bye—a quantity for sale at ough, of Campbells Bay, Que., be-the Mhawville Supply Store.	sides w hom she leaves to mouni I pONCRETE CULVERTS, PIPES AND
Men’s high claw shirts, perfect goods her loss a husband and two dangh- ^ curbing for wells sold at works , We
KI sell A Dover.	| \ niton, Que., and one brother,!
Charles McCullough, of Campbells
fit)
Ten Dollars in Gold for First Prize Five Dollars in Gold for Second Prize
com
de
¦FOR SALE—Good driving horse, young —also a nice buggy. Apply to Rev. L. Conley. Shaw ville.
CONDITIONS
Area not less than one acre.
Two stalks to be delivered at our store on an advertised date next fall.
Have your name, address and farm entered upon our book when purchasing your seed Judges will inspect the crop about Aug. 15.
We are sole agents for Hobberlin “Made to Measure " and “ New Era " Quality Ready to Wear Clothing. Klsell & Dover.
and
May 24th.—Let tie help you All your lunch basket for the 24th— French. Canned Meat*, Sandwich FAris Pâté, Cheese, Fruit, etc. G. F.
Hudgins Co.
HOUSES FOR SALE-Two frame dwelling bouses on Main St., Shawville. west of Grist Mill, will be sold together or separately to suit purchaser. Reasonable terms, and Immediate possession .McDonald, after I given. Full particulars as to price, etc ,
may be had by applying signed. R. H. Elliott, SI
Bay, Qu#00MM#N0NM ¦¦
The funeral kxik plu e oil Thtirs-_ __ ,	day, May 7th, to North Onslow,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Kizell, of Killa- where requiem mass was chanted loe, Out., visited Mr. A. Dover for by RewTr^ather a day last week.	which interment
Mias Louila Armstrong spent The bereaved ones have the sym-last week visiting friends at path y of the entire community in
Qnyon.	their sad loss.—Com.	¦ . . ... ¦ ¦
m.	ru	liL „	.	when intelligence spread around
fv-L. p Carson, of the Hugh	MRE. william bhown.	that the highly esteemed wife of
-,—. — «I;::::: :	###
The Wesleyan Methodists of tawa took a run up from the city V,,	»w*v on Fridav worker, the congregation was dis-
Shawville and vicinity, will hold in their car on Sunday last to par Xîowîn»*» 1t th*	» X missed, as a mark <>f sympathy lor
jsnfffim* uaua- ^ StirtiFTtiS fc.se» trsysetf
Lam
,	lest CTAJr"” | .......™*. | ss<sa,TM'jsv£
SSBK, members of the K It A. Rev. Mr. Crawford, Bible Society 1 The citizen# of this community, in g Mrs. Hamilton's demise.
following:	Agent, will give an illustrated : received an unexpected and pain- The funeral, very largely attend
Bryxon-S 0.00.	' lecture In the Methodist church on | fwl shock on Sunday last, just as led. took place on Tuesday after
W. J. 1 .miK>re-$ , ou	Thursday evening, at 8 o’clock, the evening service* In the noon to the Methodist church and
John Moodie—Box JOOcigm-. AU cordially Invited.	‘churchea were about to begin,1 cemetery
PERSONAL MENTION
Special Prize offered by the Minister of Agriculture, Quebec, under the auspices of the County Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1. $75.00 divided into seven prizes, $20, $15, $12, $10, $8, $?>, and $4 on the best three acres of Corn. For particulars see pesters, or apply to the secretary, R. W. Hod gins.
Notes on Corn Growing
Supplied by Mr. J. K. King, Macdonald College
Representative.
to the under hawvllle.
was made

1—	Obtain the best seed possible, it is the cheapest.
2—	Obtain a variety suitable to your locality.
3—	Test your seed before it is sown.
4—	A sandy loam of good fertility is the best soil.
5—	Do not plant till soil becomes warm.
8—Plant is hills 36 to 38 ins apart, 5 kernels to the


bill
7—	Cultivate from time corn is planted until
cannot go through it.
#
8—	Three main essentials,—Good Seed, Good Soil,
and thorough Cultivation.
New style* of Men * Straw and Pinama Hate on view at Kizell & Dover.
JOU
e Cep

W. A. HODGINS

the
Hoe

###PAGE###2###
f
/
;c
xxx
When through Age the bodily
functions become Bluggiin^^k
Na-Dru-Co Laxatives
give gentle, timely and effective aid, without discomfort or distress..
sjc. a box at your
Druggist’s,
v/ssrss: m œ
The one-eyed man. with whom I lived. In a drunken freniy killed the red-named woman whom he called wife. II dragged off to the Tombe. She was bulled In the pauper graveyard; and I waa taken to heaven."	_	„
“To heavenr* echoed Mrs. Ht. John and Mra. Urey In a breath, both looking at the atrange girl aa if they thought her Insane.	.
“To heaven.'* repeated Klectra. phattcaily. “Indeed, without a met a phor, It seemed to me to be heaven, it waa only the Infants' Nursery on Han-dalla Island. In Kami Hiver. New \ork. Hut I warn a four-year old child taken out of u cellar In a sewer, miscalled u street, and I thought It was heaven “Poor baby!" sighed Mrs. St.
“I went regularly to school. 1 learned the story of the strange earth on Which we live, and of the nations who Inhabited It. I learned music and drawing and elocution. 1 led a hannv life on the Island until one day. when l was about fourteen years of age. I was notified that If I were not soon claimed by some one who could show a better right to me. I should he bound out to service by the commissioners of charity."
“Poor child!" murmured Mrs. St. John “It was a terrible hearing for nv did not believe I had a friend In world outside tho island. 1 had no reason to believe so. The woman who had been the tyrant of my Infancy warn killed. The man who had allied her was






%


M
\
vB

fin
2




4
m
?
t

2
I
1
r w
«
>
l


I
I
w

X

J
ANYONE


L
f
»
»

1
X
CAN
i

I
DYE
V.
\


£
1
f
i
the


Little Boy Blue come blow your horn.
The sheep’s in the meadow, the cow’s
in the com 1
But Little Boy Blue, he paid no heed As he sat on a haystack having a feed, Crown Brand Syrup furnished his fare. Why should he worry’ ? Why should
THEIR CLOTHES WITH


In the Btato prison for life. There were regular visiting days on the Island, when the children's friends. If they hud

I
any, came to sec them, but no one ever came to see me. 1 hud therefore no hove for any escape from the dreaded binding out. until one day there came a xleltor to me.
tussii
â


V

1
#

The Dye that colors ANY KIND i of Cloth Perfectly, with the
8AMB DYE.
Manttsiu
•on Cm LimUeU, Moolml

CHAPTER XXIII
•P»w j
he care?
!
"Ah!" maid Mre Grey, with a etgh of relief.
“Tee
i
tens
r Drvfflii er
continued Electra. "and a >1*11 I very surprising event, and not altogether unalarming, either. When I wae taken down Into the matron'» parlor, I found waiting for me this Rev. Dr. Jones, the same old gentleman who brought me here."
Now, Mrs. Ht. John drew her chair nearer to the young speaker, and listened Intently.
“When 1 saw the gentleman, mv fear* took another direction. I thought he had come to get me bound to him as a servant; but he looked very kindly mt me. and held out his hand, and called me to him by a name I had never heard be fore, Electra. And. of course. 1 did not understand, and so I stood still until he •aid again:
" 'Electra! come to me. mv child.
"Then 1 went to him And he took gr hand and drew me closer, and gazed long and silently Into my eyes, and then at length Inquired:
“ Electra, my poor child, why did the commissioners give you such a Strange name as Borah Klddr " 'Because, si of mv own.'
“ Row was that, t
" Because, In Rat Alley, where the commissioners found me. 1 used to live with a woman named Hal. and the people there used to call me Sal's kid. meaning Sal's child. Thev never called me anything else but Hal's kid that was the reason the commissioners called me Sarah Kidd.' I said.
" ‘Of course, that Is not your name Tour name Is Electra.' he told me. putting Ills hand under my chin, and gash.g wistfully Into my face
" 'Electra—what, sir?* I then ventur ed to inquire.
" 'Not hi

to me was a
i
i
f
CHILDREN LOVE THESE VELVET KISSES

rut.
granit
w&
ar
Us in
I
nili?ouP of
i
$
L
fro*
3T
Half-


Quartw-T«
Flavoring.
V
>
y
y
Children like Crown Brand Com Syrup because of its delicious, sweet flavor. It is • wholesome food that makes plainer foods taste nicer, Bread and butter with Crown Brand Com Syrup Is a treat for children. V It is excellent too for sweetening cakes and pastry, and for making taffy and home made candy. Try It on pancake end fritters. It costs very little.
gf Send for our Free Recipe Book.
^ Address Montreal Office.
Crown Brand Corn Syrup
0
my
Smell it!
r. 1 never had any name
just once !
'
r child?

You can shut your eyes and verily believe you are breathing the delicate fragrance from a bunch of fresh sweet violets, so perfectly have we caught the real odor of violets in Jer-gens Violet Glycerine Soap.
But this is not all. We have caught, too, the beautiful green of fresh violet leaves, yet kept this soap so crystal clear you can see through it when you hold it to the light.
Ask your druggist for Jtrgirn
Violet ulycennc Soap today. 10c ¦ cake. 3 cakes for 25c. Get a | quarter’s worth,
One of the
famous
Edwardsburg
Brands
1 think
The Canada Starch Co. Limited
Manufacturer» of The Edwardsburg Brands j
MONTREAL CARDINAL TORONTO BRANTFORD VANCOUVER
ng/ he answered. You have no other name -can have no other until, at some future time, when It «hall please Heaven to provide you with a good hu band ’
I looked down, feeling very much troubled. Indeed, for I knew very well what having no name meant. And here thie kind old gentleman justifying
the affronte that used to be put upon me In Hat Alley. He did not notice my trouble, but moon looked at me very kindly, and asked:
“ ‘Electra
leave this place with me. and enter ae a pupil Into some young ladle»' boarding school where you can be educated In the higher branches of knowledge, and trained In the more elegant accomplish men tar



how would you like to
Uerger\s
VIOLET
Glycerine So&p
lug. she found her In tears. She seised the opportunity to play the sympathetic friend, and sitting down by the distressed girl she took her hands and said softly: “What Is the matter, darling?"
Emma looked up. and smiled through her tears as she pointed to an open letter upon which she had been leaning.
“No 111 news, I hope, sweetest?*' asked the widow. In caressing tones.
“No, no very 111 news, and nothing more than I expected. Yet. Indeed. % feel disappointed and saddened. My fa- sa hie furs
ther has lost his re-election." said Km- He sent In his card and afterward in- I some t quietly	.....	. trodured himself to Mrs. St. John as the , of many
Ah, I am so grieved murmured R*v. Dr. Jones, and presented hie com*
Mrs Grey, in deep sympathetic tones. panlon as hie ward. Miss Electra. the It Is not really worth sorrow or re- daughter of deceased friend* and ex gret. And If my dear father could only plained that he wished to place her un he made to think so. 1 should not feel der Mrs Ht. John s charge.
I !!¦
asm!
*1*^*
uses
ma. reading from his letter. Bring taking her meat.
tlofL	he notr
Yea, madam; for ! have no family name, and no family, am far a» I know I least none that acknowledge me Mr* Hi John waa «truck perfectly dumb But Mr# <lre\ who waa In the
While there she sent off a boat two passengers, and a quantity of lug gago. whom she landed on the*
Then came up to the house a vener able, elderly gentleman mandlng figure, white hair and a long white beard, and dressed In a suit or
clerical black.	I “The necessary arrangements were
He had In his charge a young girl, soon completed He sent over to Her-with a very dark complexion and very \ lem and got for me a very neat cloth black hair and eyes, and who was pro- cloak, that nearly covered my coarse tected from the weather bv the richest ! asylum dress, and also a pretty felt hat.
and a pair of kid gloves. Then, with rs. I took leave of the friends years, and left the Island with my guardian. We crossed the river In a ferry boat and took the Second avenue care to the city.
' At fourteenth street we left the car and walked to a fine hotel, where my guardian had rooms already engaged "Well, madam, we dined and went out In a carriage, and did a wonderful eight of business that afternoon. We went to ft ladles' basaar. where I selected dress good* of the uniform colors worn In this school, but of the finest materials, and I was measured for a dosen that were to be made aiul sent home within twenty-four	hours.	Then we went	to a
silversmith,	where	my	guardian	himself selected	for me	the	goblets, spoons,
and forks of the heaviest make He directed these to be engraved with my name and sent In the next afternoon. We then called at a book store, and selected the class books; and. lastly, to a trunk-maker #. where I bought three trunks.	__	.
The next day Wednesday. I spent In packing my trunks, as fast as the goods came In The dresses came last of all. so they were put In the trAye. on the
1th
" ‘Oh. I should like that above everything In this world!* I answered, with with a com- I perfect truth.
Then I will take you away to-day.'
island
The Wanderer’s Return
he
Id
! For tilt by Conaditn druggt tit from coot* to toast. t minding Sntjvundland
9
Co Lkl. •
J
Or, A Change of Fortune.
Mount Ascension, where we arrived thls( Thursday afternoon. Mv guardian warn obliged to hurry off In the way lie did. In order to return to New York In time to secure the steamer that sails on Saturday f«-i Liverpool This I» mv story; Mrs. 81. John," concluded Electra.
(To be continued.)
CHAPTER XXI
Lyle preached In the schoolroom to a
+
Limited Knowledge,
Have you any experience witii children 1"
“No, ma’am, I always worked in the bast families/'
swer once for all
ed.
Could Not t me Them.
Pleaae, ma’am
an old man, tired and poor, with wooden legs, is at the door/'
Why. Bridget, we need none," said she
top
"That afternoon my guardian settled the hotel bill, and we took the evening train to Washington, connected with the morning train to Richmond where we i . M Immediately took the down steamer to	nave we 1
What use for wooden
•1 submit to s headache Is to wpmts energy, time 1 To stop II at once simply lake
NA-DRU-CO Headache Wafers
Your Druggist will confirm our statement that they do not contain anything that can harm heart or nervous system
^jjj^
and comfort
25c. s box
m of her teeth had some-
/

I
>

1
ü
0
t
Being nominated bv you. she will
sure to be agreeable to ua
HI
I don't know. You must h she le first,** suggested Emma.
"Lot us hear then." laughed Laura. Electra answered Emma, softly. "ElectraÎ" simultaneously exclaimed both her companions
There. 1 thought I would eurprl and perhaps disgust you. Never mind I can leate the child out this time, and perhaps Invite her on some future Megaton." said Mies Cavendish, gravely "You mistake us very much, dear Emma. We are surprised Indeed, but far from being disgusted we are delighted. said Mrs Orey. earnestly.
It Is perfectly delicious !1 ’ -ndless
eagerlv et-

r
<
r who

Sugar
room ram# to her help by asking sweet
Yea
i>

Will you tell ue then, my doer, where l were brought up?—If you have no

lata#

objection, I
Vh no 1 have no objection at all. Indeed. I m If. so that 1 false pretences,"
vividly that Mrs
else, lei
does make the bread and butter taste good !”
T is when you spread it out on bread pancakes, fruit or
pcrridge that you notice mort the sweetne» and perfect punly ofREDPATH Extra Granulated Sugar. Buy it in (he
^,an, nh' Se*kd Cartons» or in the 10, 20, 50 or 100-Ib.
***¦ *****
CANADA SUGAX RtTTNINC CO. LIMITED, .
fîse Crab» (red label) la tail every grain fit
n to tell you ell about my-v not stay here tender gleamed Electre Orey shut her eves moment before -he said:
i
br
cf
*¥0

a pis pot at.
M#d»u« Grata IMae label)
b
for
*
on then, my dear

end white and
reel# of
ell then. I never knew my father my mother, or my real name When ! first new myself I waa a very little child, very thin and pale half-naked and half-starved, all eves and hair, like a famished bird that Is all feathers."
“What a comparison you live?"
Tn a miserable open sewer, ml*- ailed a street In the Fourth Ward of New York
Yes. Indeed

green label diamond* almost as brilliant, but qilckly melted.
to think how that will enjoy I aim
And It brave girl
poo
with uw

Uke small
herself
n
I
u rs
Is lovely In to think one would venture t Orev
4
you. you good f Inviting he» No
do so." added Mrs.
But where did
or
arenelng Emms
«X INFLUENZA
Catarrhal F ever, Pinkeye, Shipping Fever, Epizootic
place of rage and filth and pu
CHAPTER XXII.
This Electra, whom Emma Cavendish kindly Intended to spend th» Christmas handsva with bar at her father e hou a child of mrsterv If not of sin And this Is all that was then known
of Bar-fl
A fe
tlon related In the last chapter on cold day
at a \«’ 4
tr- . a, >i* of drunk-nneae. disease and famine; of ew-arlng. fighting and thlev-

place full of ulckenlng smells and eights and fearful sounds s
#
lug; a
And ml

e horse aSectlng his throat, speedily
I
^TBe*
such strong la
“'Yjsra.
hell <

stable kept from ks»i and rojr.M r.» nr
nd ho
f mint tPOMtt’l OlfiTCMPCR
1 as K
you must not us# •r exclaimed Mrs.

I So I
7.T.
jji-
r guaresteed t
d Wires, bel-i *>lu. stallion* ell a
Anv

re
daw previous Is the converse
for tro
dftione Moe
gee sad
drug#

cry.
a;.
. the down »t lag o

of fOtt
-
UeJM Island for
MONK iff01 CAL 00.,
iod . o. ft. a
KX
'"'o.
t
said Mrs St



###PAGE###3###
GLOW WORM’H GLIMMER.
Postmistress is
AN AMERICAN PEERESS.
ECZEMA ITCHED

NEW HOPE
FOR SUFFERERS FROM PARALYSIS
Fifty Tines an Strong a» Illuminant* of Mankind.
Quite Well Again

, :
The efficiency of a firefly’# Light is fifty tiroes that of our ordinary illuminante This d<*es noi mean that it is fifty times brighter, but that for the space it occupies it give# fifty time# the light.
Herbert E. Ives and C. W. Jordan relate in the Lighting Journal how they measured the light of a
They held glowworm#, back. This troubled roe most | which are the larvae of fireflies and
In the spring of the year. They
All ready baked to s nicety; whole, ( mealy and foil flavored. Resting only is necessary.
FOUND COMPLETE CURE IN DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS.



There are cane* of paratyeis that
But that is far ying that every ©eao of paralysis is incurable.
There is absolute proof that many forma of this disease are curable.
Of the causes that cannot be cured many can be eo bene A (ted, that the formerly hopeJew sufferer will once more find her life worth living.
Attention is called to the remark -able cures that have been effected in cases of partial paralysis, and other severe nervous disorders, by the uae of el)r. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People. Some of these cures are eo wonderful as to challenge belief, but in'every ewaa tin*
Statements liave been oiediHy verified and may be investigated by anyone interested. In this connection the cas© of Miss B, Millehan, of St. John, N B , is worthy of the most careful attention. Miss Millehan «ays : “Some three years ago I taken seriously ill with diphtheria. The doctor bro-ught me safely through this dreaded trouble, and I was assumed to l>e well.
But two weeks later I took a relapse, my throat and limbs becoming paralyzed. I could neither speak nor walk. I was under the best of medical care, and after a few weeks was able to sit up in bed, but ray thn>at was still completely paralyzed and I could only utter unintelligible rounds. I was treated by three of St. John’s beat physicians for this trouble and my case was given up as hopeless. A friend asked me to try Dr. Williams’ Pink Pilla, but I had spent •o much oh ynedicine without Mip
that I thought k would be only a| BREAD IN COLD STORAGE, further waete of money. However,
I felt myself growing daily weaker and weaker, and I decided as a laxt chance that I would try the Pills. By the time I had taken a half dozen boxes I could walk across the floor, something doctors had told me could never happen again, I still continued taking the pills, my speech returned, and I felt myself in perfect health friends thought my restoration nothing short of a miracle, and 1 think myself that I have to thank Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills that 1 am living to-day, and I feel confident they can do quite as much for other* as they did for me
Dr. William* Pink Pill* effect
Rash on Legs and Back. Scratching Irritated Breaking Out. "Used Cutl-cura Ointment. Disease Vanished.
9
'cannot be cured
different from
<

f <

Mrs. Gray, Who Wftl Nervous and Riib Down for two Years, Tells Row She Found New Health.
Tichborne, Frontenac Co., Ont., May 11 the pop
telling her friends of the great benefit mhe has received from taking Dodd's Kidney Pills.
“For about two years, Mrs. Gray says, “1 was all run down. My sleep was broken and un refreshing, and I suffered from shortness of breath and heart fluttering*. I finally decided that the Kidneys the cause of ray trouble and decided to try Dodd's Kidney Pills. I took four boxes in all, and I fee I quite strong and like myself again. 1 certainly think Dodd's Kidney Pills are a good medicine The experience of the postmistress is similar to that of thousands of other Canadian women. They were weak, run down, nervous and in bad health generally. They took Dodd's Kidney Pills and are strong and well again.
The reason is that when the Kidneys get out of order they fail to strain the impurities out of the blood, and general lassitude and weakness ensues. The natural cure is to cure the Kidneys. The experience of thousands of others tells you that Dodd’s Kidney Pills cure the Kidney a.


io
*
Mi A •* i
. % t




If
â
/

Kent villa, N. 8.—"For about flva years
1 wss bothered with a light rash which would appear mast heavily o* my legs and firefly
(Special).—Mrs. H. Gray, ular postmistress here, is

give a steady, unwinking light, aga-inet a disk of white hlotting pa per under an illumination of 190-metre candles, and by an equation,
? 'Æ
ta
The
PorKs
Beans
?
5
eczema Hr bed and burned and my scratching Irritated the breaking out.
broke out I could not obtain into which it is unmeet*#ry to go more than three hour.' sleep here, calculated that the glow \v each nisht It paJi^l me so. worm# light was equivalent to .043
candleipower per square centimetre. Their conclusions are a* follows ; This calculation is made on the
/
% ^ ¦Ljfc
/
"i ç 'mjSf

solid mass of Itching
II
this preparation about a w
became worse and 1 could not obtain any I basis of the light furnished by the rest at night. I used all the patent preparations on the market but they only seemed to Increase the suffering and afforded me no relief whatever. About this time a Mend recommended Outicura Ointment to me. I creased. The flash of the firefly is However, I had lost faith In all remedies and probably many fold, perhaps fifty told him so. but he Insisted that I try Cull-	| ¦¦ MSI ¦¦ ma |
cura Ointment so 1 purchased a box. The first application gave relief and in about a week the some were healing and I was able to obtain a good night s rest, the first 1 had I with respect to the adequacy of the enjoyed for many months. I continued the intrinsic brilliancy which we roea-tnptmcnt for another month and by that sured hold of course for the same
(Signed) Willard F. Alien. May 16. 1913. ,nff? 1 u,uk‘r 1,14 ^	exertion.
It appears, then, that the luminous material of the glow worm,
t economical treatment for affections of | could it be reproduced, would also
be a happy mean in intrinsic brightness, far lower than the artificial light sources with which we now try our eyes, yet high enough to permit its use without pre-empting more wall space than we now give to w indo
TakeGood (are
were
glow worm under natural oondi lions. By various kind* of stimula lion its brightncea may be much in
Of The Colts
} f
or one hundred fold, as bright aa the steady glow of the larva. Such conclusion* am have been drawn
It's cheaper to raise colts than to buy horses. But it's rosi/y i f you lose , the colts. Keepabottlcof Kendall’s • Spavin Cure handy. For thirty-five years has proved it the safe, reliable remedy for spavin, splint, curb, ringbone, botiy growths and lamencae from many causes.
tf
V

&
For more than a generation Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment have afforded the
KendallsSpavinCure
nn
the skin and scalp that torture. Itch, bum.
Sample of each mailed free, with 32-p. Skin Book. Address poet-card Potter Drug & Chem. Corp., Dept. V. Bœton. U. fl. A.
Is sold by druggists everywhere at #1 a bottle. 6 bottle» lor $5. Get a free copy of our book "A Treatise on the Ilor.-»c,,at your druggist's or write us.
Dr. B. J. KENDALL CO. Eso
Lady Newborough.
She was Miss Carr, of Kentucky, and married Lord New borough thirteen years ago. A smart dresser and a lavish entertainer.
as
Falls, VU
RAILWAY EARNINGS.

WHAT IN A KIMMt
tiul value of the Land Owned By
the C.P.H.
e.
Pain In Back All Gone
W W. DAWSON. Ninety Ceioorne StreeU Toronto
German Legal Definition of Assault
and Battery.
The earnings on our Canadian railways during 1913 amounted.
What constitutes a kiss has just j broadly, to $200,000,000. These been	by a decision of tta
Imperial German Supreme Court at Leipsiz, reading as follows:
A kiss is a reaction upon the remarkable body uf another and always requires C.P.H., which now shows grow an the permission of a kissed person, nual earnings of $140,000,0000,
Without such permission one may could hardly buy axle grease. Its only kiss if one is certain of the 26,000,000 acres of land were worth-other's tacit consent—that is to say, lew. The land now sells at the rate in the case of relatives, parents, ami of from $5 to $35 per acre children or lovers . If the other is	worthies* land in its totality	reprend only coy but also gravely ob-	sent* a cash value of nearly	$350,
jects to being kissed, it is to be as 000,000. The lands still to be Fold sunied that such a person considers will realize $200,000,000. The com the kiss an illegal interference with	miasioner, which the London	paper	Applicant for	Cock’s	Position—
his or her personal freedom and a	of Lord Northcliffe e called Answers	gure	Qi	can tell	whether	Oi	will
violation of his or her honor.
Gin Pill* Completely Cured.
Mr. R C. David, of Cornwallis, N S
F YOU WANT TO BUT OR SELL A Fruit. Stock. Oralo. or Dairy f»ra write H. W, Dawson. Bramptoa or * Col borne St., Toronto
I
Good For It, Says Professor—Crust
Becomes Crisp.
¦aye: “About a year ago. 1 was suffering figure# include all the subsidiary I uo much with a dreadful Lame Back line#, and other affiliations of what- and Hip*, that 1 could not stand up ever nature ; but the figures are straight.
Thirty years ago the j about OIN PILLS I got a box. It ¦	helped me Immediately. I have taken
about twelve boxes and the pains In my back and hips are all gone. I cannot speak too highly of your GIN FILLS.’» 60c. a Box, 6 for 12.60. Sample free if you write National Drug A. Chemical That ! Co. of Canada, Limited. Toronto.
## W. DAWSON Cothern» It, Tarants
Cold @torage is good for bread, according to the report of Professor J. R. Katz oL Uie physico-chemical laboratory of Amsterdam. Under ordinary conditions of temperature bread begins at once bo lose it® My freshness, and in consequence is not so palatable to the consumer. For this reason for ages the bakers have worked at night in order that the customers may have fresh bread in the morning. Mr. Katz demonstrates the possibility of keep ing the bread absolutely fresh for
enough
cure* in case* of this kind because is at the ordinary temperatures
rich,	blood,
which feeds and strengthens the nerves, and tones up the whole system. If you are in need of a medi cine give these pills a trial. We are confident you will not be dinap pointed. Hold by medicine dealers or by mail at 50 cents a box or *ix boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock ville,
Ont.
I was Informed by a friend
NEWSPAPERS PON SALE
S i
OOD WEEKLY IN LIVE TOWN IN York County. Stationery and Boo* business In connection. rrlcs only $4.000. Term* liberal. Wilson Publishing Company. 71 West Adelaide Street. Toronto
G
EVERY
RSIDKNT AGENTS IN
... to Introduce strictly l»*gitl-guaranteed Investment propvsl-You can make $5 dally or more
R
town
A Good Judge of Women.
male
¦ ¦ ¦	I
In spare time In your own home town. One salesman Is actually averaging over $100 each week We guarantee satisfaction to you and your customers. Address:—The Canadian Magasine Premium Department, Room 202. 62 Tonga 8t. Toronto.
Mistress—Would you like to come on trial for a week.

sent out to investigate conditions | yez in 24 hours Anyone who in (hot# a kies upon in the Dominion, regrets in one of another under such circumstances is his letters that the C.P.R. should guilty of aesaidt and battery. À have sold its land—any part of it-misdemeanor is therefore commit- to speculators in the early days ted if the kiss simply takes place The company regrets that policy to-against the other's will. It is not day itself; but at the moment there necessary that the latter should did not seem any alternative. The Daihomde. ^ ^ ^ consider the kiss an insult.”	people could not be coaxed at the p,te,i f.Tk. with M1NARD8 LINJM
,,m. k in lb. Wbk-.,.."'fil ua-STv,
Good Prospect for Corn Crop I ^	“'STi UN,,"”t
that bread grow* stale, and at both high and low temperature# it can be preserved. At 140 degrees Fahr. breed ha* been kept for forty hour* unchanged, while stale bread posed to degrees beJow freezing becomes fresh once more. Cold stor age rooms for bread are suggested by this investigator. A proper de gree of hunvidky in the rooms will ensure the crispy crust which everyone relishes.
4 4
______MISCELLANEOUS.________
NION GROWERS. GET L1TKRA-ture re onion weedere. K- G. Bruner. Ollnda. Ont.	_______
o
I cured a horse of the Mange with M,NARV-,1k'«^K 8AVNDBR8.
I* ENT
STANCES. TUMORS. LUMPS FTC. V-' Internil mad asternal, cured sltV
: xnr. r.r.v
fa.. Lhft’t.d, r#tî1fnrw#v'A, Ont
ex
* f
badly torn
ATENTS
THUS. W. PAYNE.
OF INVENTIONS
Bathurst, .VU
Every one with corna will be pleased with—parcel* which in their unoc-
to know that Putnam a Corn Extractor CUpie(j wt^te are the wonder of the la guaranteed to cure hard, soft	-	¦ w
bleeding corne In twenty?four hours Painless and aura la Putnams Ex tractor. 26c. at all dealers.
rxoMOM. noiox » navis.

71a SL J
ABE PLANETS INHABITED.
incoming settler, who has to go further back while the splendid lands lie idle dose to the railway.
Of course, not an acre is mold now
except to the genuine settler, but I —If you don’t go away at . Th.r, i.	™ b.. |.nd
mF±t;-Vr ' s ïtSüSnJMc--iit «-
Nearly *11 the other women era j |lllt reai faith in the future, amJI willing U\ concede that I am sen- ¦	¦ j
sible and will make a good wife for
WAKEFUL BABIES
Scientist Says Venus and Mar* Are — Seasons Like Ours.
That Venus and Mars, in our own planetary system, are surely inhabited by human beings of some kind is the assertion of T T J. See, who writes cm that subject in a recent issue of Leslie's Weekly. Continuing, he «ays that observations show that Mars has a rare abmos phere, a day thirty-seven minutes longer than cure, seasons of the same type, but no longer duration, and snow caps at the pole#, and thus water vapor, though the amount is mall.r
The probability of Venu# being in 4 habited is much greater than that of Mars ; for Venue rotates in twenty-one minutes, and in all respects so closely resembles the earth as to be called her twin sister. Venus has an abundance of air, clouds, water and also mountains, and therefore rivers
except they are shorter—the year being 225 days in length
The Star Attraction.
Peddler Pasted.
If your baby does not sleep, if he is cross, cries a great deal, and will not, be comforted, that is the time to give him Baby’s Own Tablet*. They promote sleep — not the drilled unnatural kind obtained through the use of ' soothing ' mixtures, but that refreshing natural sleep of the healthy child. The Tablet* banish all stomach and bowel complaints—the direct cause
Concerning them Mrs. E. Medrae. Grand Bos#, Que., says : “When I began using Baby a Owp Tablets baby was so troubled with constipation he would not sleep day
Hostess—I am glad you children decided to come fur dinner.
Little Josie—We didn’t turn for
to hear Willie a
The Consolation.
dinner ; we turn grandpa eat his soup
4 4
mocked at» by entice, can show the enormous earnings,. in a twelve month, of $200,000,000.
II you have Rad, Weak, Watery Byes
Granulated B valid*. Doesn’t Smart	Blowing It.
sSfewSSLa. ;,*r. s:
Bye Books free by liait to the wind#
Wall, his spr I thrift non ts attending to that all right.1
9 9
some man
of
c romane*# and sleep 1
Largest Land Owner.	I But a girl who is an expert at	50c
The Canadian Pacific Railroad !	•»*'! c*kr me> h*ve » de
mon disposition.
4 I
( ompany is the largest land owner in the world. Despite the sale of
sms sssat s£S®S
the basis of sales in 1912, at least
Intense Cold 1* Healthful.
Without having gone anywhere ! ofisffinKNT near either Me, writes a cor re* pendent of the London Ohrooicle.
1 have had my experience of the fact that intense cold out cold in the head. We were six
ying the aeoent of the
C.
Files Cored la
PAZO BU
First et vU< -	-»
or
7 if itching
refund falls to cure
or Protruding III gives «eliel. Me.
Simplified
Breakfasts
Make for good days
medicine dealers or by mail at 25 centA a box from The Dr. William*’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
A Fans tie.
'They say that Briggs is a tern-crank of the extremist
Mops the
on
$175,000,000
peram
kind^fl
Grand Combin, in the Alps (over 14,000 feet). From our first attempt we were driven back by a thunder- |even
snd a stay of some hours to quenlly tak» a drop
, lakes and

mo
ë§&9KW ::
a Cold In Om Day. 26c
An ordinary cold is one of the very few ailments the modern physical been willing to undertake to cure without a surgical opera tion.
f 9
Tlte season# are like ours
He wouldn't
“I should say he is
buv stocks because they fre-
GRAINS 01 GOLD.
From a package of fresh, crisp
dry m the hut mith the Move gnang ! | woke up ail the microbes. When returned U> the hut next day from the valley there were at )e*M four severe colds among us, with sneezing, sure throats, etc. On the third day we traversed our peak,
Tlte world is a wheel, and it will come round aright.—Beaconsfifki
It were endless to dispute upon everything that were disputable.— William Penn.
However mean your life is meet it ami live it; do not shun it and call it hard name#.—Thoreou
Post
Toasties
bine back Strengthened, Stiffness Taken Right Ont
Unfortunate Illustration.
Figg_Do you believe in metempsychosis V
Fogg—Come again, please!
,	?	. r-	, Figg—It’s like this. According
•k.»ly cutting »»» «I. w «** ,0 that doctrine, mv «oui. .ft»r I
t sartt-ts i e arf	^
ÎJittLFgïM SUljscSft *2
made the same diwveuy.	home.
we

Was Relieved in an Hour, and Cured
Over Night
A"	I <»,	"•! "" b-
line. It's simply a wonder for back ! hind, but they hinder the march.— aehe-relieves after one rubbing “Me- Bacon.
E	Jrt-JS-Stt
M-a N 8. “I caught cold and was so «mH or measure; that w worship.— prostrated with pain I could not bend Carlyle.
horn., ZÜÎ V7.d" thW-'ul'^lon	“ <wwion *>' "ur vir"
’hA?one’/ ,J"p.l^d«p!n^d : <han to pi.Ui forward .-.luckily and The lameness was rapidly reduced and make a fall.—R L. Steven erm o an hour 1 was able to be about my Disappointment falls be#vitr upon
XT. j£i
hack	n
There Is no sort of muscular pain Man's high## merit always is, as
’*¦'	n*’	wont curs ¦ quickly. mtM?b at possible, to rule external
SrrSSftwLS
hrough muscle, tleeue and nerve - It them Goethe penetrates where no oily, greasy Mai |	|
go and Invariably cures If you hare an ache or a
a wee WenUlne U win! -	®	®
.lirr , ,,u Family sire bottle, v^ey r. <n where thev are not evident they
*,g. Luc.; trial air# 2Sc. at all dealers don t exist.-*- Voltaire
Maligned.
She I hear that vour friend. Mr. Drinkieigh’a habits are very îrre-
gula
Hi Iff#—îrîî 1 m I MM
clock—he# never sober after din
Riches are the baggage of virtue ;
fill a bowl and add cream or
milk.
Then, with some fruit, a cup of Instant Poulain, arid a poached egg or two if you like, you have a simple »>r-ft kfHHt that is wholesome and satisfying.
Toasties are bits of corn carefully cooked, delicately seasoned, and toasted to an thing “brown” without ¦¦ touched by hand. They look good taste good, I and
I “The Memory Lingers0
I - Sold by Grocers—
I	Everywhere!
Regular as a
ner
"My dear.” remarked Jone., *ho I *-^ked «.n the	mutrmx.ny
had just fi hed reading a b< <>k n “The Wonders of Nature. ’ reallv ia a remarkable work. Na- j ture is marvellous ! Stupendous !
When I read a work like this it makes me think how puerile, bqw lficant ia man	\
sniffed his better half.
A woman doesn't have to wade through four hundred pages to find out the same thing "
Hu' nr It la.
The wav to success is not a chute, but a ladder.
over
degree of failure
is
PILES.
Regularity

eity for good health. Unless the
IsN matter taUÉÉHÉ
m**
being
the food which
gen in "Huh

Mrs. Swing
IV Revive
33.*»

y, causing pimuwe and wrk headaches end other harsh mineral purgetives Irritate the delicate lining of the bowel. Dr. Moree’e Indian Root
Salts
this?
in I
Caller- I* your mistress Maid—Did you see her at the window as you came up the
- régulé
rets effectively Without weak-
FBI»
am buk
Nature, purity, perapi-rusiy I» licit y never walk in the clouds The*' are «ibvioui to all
or griping. Use
Dr. Morse's “ Indien Root Pills
nent can pain «u
Maid Weil
I ma am 1 Caller -N-.	----
she said if you hadn't seen
, saj that she mas ovk
1er to '
\Æ


18811) n 14
ill. 7.

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
RAILROAD MAN HAD TO LAY OFF
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
SHAWVILLE, MAY 21, 1914.

?
Fallowing their success in Three Rivers, where Hon. J. A Tessier was elected after a warm contest, the Literals
ù
PEERLESS OVERALL UNIFORMS Are also made in Pant style for those Who do not like the bib. This style has inside Swing1 Pockets and Strap and buckle At the back. If You want something Especially hard wearing And durable, ask For our No. 2 Kentucky Jean pants Price $1.35.
b
HQ VOV contemplate building, or making tiny alterations in that
Until Hi Took 6IN PILLS
8
I
0
i

i f the province have seen their candidates I ....	.	__ „ Buffalo, N. Y
.lw-d in b.......... ^'Arttassssutssrs " - «" - *-
w hich was m ad y vacant by the appoint* | the last three years ment of Mr. John Hall Kelly to the legislative Council, andin Chateauguay, v h*re, after being ca'led to the (’abiuet,
Mr. Honore Mercier had to leek re
I
0
BEAVER ,a BOARD 10

sec me
pince your orders curly, and lmve||(| your material ready when re
I

About four years ago, I was laid up with intense pain in the groin, a very sore hack, and suffered most severely when I tried to urinate.
I treated with my family physician ,	,	...	, .	,	for two months for Gravel In The
LiüLÎ.ZASWStaaa I1***'¦*	p"ulrll!
The ptrty in the province, like the party I ma® w^o had been similarly affected I Buildings
,b. Dieiiniu. ......... ,
mg not a little of the pride that prover* minent physicians who treated him for 3
Rally goes before destruction ind the Diabetes. He is now running on the	or BRAVE* BOARD
haughty spirit that precedes a	I adtdsed^ne^toIrj^Ix'MLU^ whicGl |W Van be applied ill
Montrv.l Gazette	I did-with the reeulti that the pains left j	Anyone Laittiy with tools by III
*	*'	FRANKS. IDE.	It* i,,etrUctioa9 0
:	50c. a box, 6 for $2.50. Sample free |	, M ...	.	.	I 0
if you write National Drug and Chemical ! Is pure V\ ood r ibre through.I In Co. of Canada Limited, Toronto. i»s '	OMt-	' ^
9
I
I
0
qtiired. Ask for a sample of BKA-1IÇ
\ KK HOARD, the coming Interior III
0


I
rmtt
FIDRI
I
0
9
D
0
X
0
»
i
TRADE MARK

01 NO CRACKS 0
any season. I Ig
I
• Are ever seen in walls and ceilings made of Beaver Board. Durable, beautiful, sanitary. Forty-one advantages. Call and see how it looks.
For sale by
R. G. HODGINS.
PEERLESS OVERALL 00 Rock Island, P. Q.
0
•#
D
Western Farmers may yet be Grateful that Wheat Duties
Remain
t
J
Sold by
i
t
G. F. HODGINS 00. Shawville.
B. G. HODGINS. 0
y
0
The winter wheat crop in the l ulled > ate# promises to be by far the largest ever reaped. The Agriculteral Department st Washington estimates that it is nearly 90 ^r cent perfect. With the g-eateat area ever sown to this grain, namely over 30 million acres, it is reckoned that the yield, if all goes well, will amount to 030 million bushels, is com-pired with 523 million bushels in 1913, and 400 millions in 1912.
The spring wheat crop which is also doing well, may reach 270 million bushels •«’ that the aggregate of the two crops is
1
9
by the company, were r futed by the department, tha* the manufacturers had to take them back and that the I*%*st Otttee Department ordered others which they succeeded in getting at a reduced pried. Moreover', the contract not having been fulfilled, it had been cancelled.
The correspondence shows the equipment company at first demurred again** taking back the 10,000 locks, but final y agreed and later substituted a new form of lock which, after a test all over the country, had been found to be satisfactory. This new l»ck is known as the Carling lock and is coating the Government 75 cents for the lock and IS cents for the k**v
0


MARKET for PULPWOOD
Five Dollars per cord will be paid by the| McCORMICK WARE ROOMS
Howard Block, Centre St., Shawville.
undersigned for any quantity of Poplar and Basswood Pulpwood delivered at
A
r
j
D


any siding or station along the u. Pontiac line.
likely to be 900 million bushels, as compared with 763 million bushels iu 1913, which was the largest ever cut up to that tune.
«.*
rarmci d , ncyun umunia
Buggies, Expresses and Waggons
in the following rankes :
Campbells Bay.|Wm. Grey & Son, Bain, IK|unro & McIntosh.

G. B CANAL INQUIRY
Information Will be Placed Before the Public.
Assuming that these figures are borne out, it is tolerably certain, if the wheat crop of Canada, Europe, India, Australia and South America is an average one that prices wi 1 drop. The current price
LAWN BROS.
>
The secretary of the Georgian Biy ( anal Commission announced that in addition to the arrangements reported list week for the compilation of statistics
’«'•»"rarç'ttrrtisru:	i	harness!
rzrts	ESSE522F A»¦*"»	%
routes of traffic entering Into the problem Troie, former par ah priest of Notre Dame But the town of York must have
and that under the directien of an eipert I ciUed sud administered the last rate« a bank. Ten years before the mer-
ller jjat now. The cash gram price at	work on this branch of	the	inquiry will	I the Church, in which he was born, and	:hant* of the town had pressed the
Winnipeg, according to the last issue of	begin at once	about three days before the end came the	governor, Sir James Craig, for ac-
i he	Cram	Growers' Guide, is	91J, and at	On	account of the extent	of	the	field	«-Minister of the Crown fe I into m state	| don, but he presented the bill before
Minnnaimlia	q°l	•	thu	ia fnr	No	1	Nnr.	*° be	coveted and its complicated nature,	of semi-consmmsneis.	iLhe Legislature and requested that
|«ianeapaiis , jnis is cor rio. i xior	.fc wU| ^ ter„ral weeki	the	weo.	Belonging to < ne of the oldest families	the bill be excluded on the ground
< ern But, of course the rail rate from	t|aj facli anj flgUre8 are	tradable.	It is	,D French Canada, Mr. Monk was in the	that the people of York were not suf-
Winnipag to Minneapolis would	more	the intention of the commission to plsce	public eye from the day	he entered the ( Iclently cultured to underst nd the
thin eat up the slight difference in	favor	the result of the inquiry on these points	Mont eal CVLge, where	he was s class various denominations and guard
„f,b. Mimie.pi’ij. ...k..,	j::	,, _
sentation before the commission, and	-Justice Monk, of the C	»urt of King’s to us now to think that a people
The chances are tbit before this day	amp'e time will be allowed for the pre	Bench, who was born in	Shubenacadio, I brave and bold enough to resist the
twelvemonth the Canadian fumer, East paration of cases, sufficient notice being | Hants county, N S, and who belonged United States Just four years later
"	*	os family that gave sons to the church ihould be so looked upon by this
•s well as to the state, one member being	tame English gentleman—Sir James
connected wi h King's College, Windsor,	Srslg? Sir Isaac Brock was the next
and another was stationed at G briber.	to seriously attack the problem of the
hank, but the war brought his proposals to a bitter end.
June of 1822 saw the proposal fairly established, and a charter was Issued to the Bank of Upper Canada.
At a meeting In The Orange — the spacious home of D’Arcy Boulto Mr. William Allan was elected president of the bank, and with a loyalty that was characteristic of the man, offered the premises of his general store as a home for the new lnstltu-„ _	. -	_ ^ ^ _	tlon. Thus It was that toward the
In Canada Goes With the Rasing end of June in the same year the
df the First Home of the Bank of hank opened its doors. Mr. Thomas
Rldout was cashier, but the title then signified duties not pertaining to that ifflee to-day. One hundred years ago the title of csLShler Implied more of the chief clerk or officials Just under the president.
The year 1837 brought the 111-anderstood Insurrection of William Lyon Mackenzie, and against this bank he proceeded to work one of his little ideas which had proven successful In Montreal and Quebec, but kind fate forewarned the Bank of Upper Canada officials a few short minâtes before the scene was staged. On Nov. 24. 1837, the bank officials received notification In the post from Montreal that the banks there had suspended specie payment, owing to s run on the vaults following the harangues of the Insurrectionists, and that the Bank of Upper Canada was to be the nert object of their attack. After a hasty consultation. Mr.
Rldout advanced a scheme for the defeat of the attack, and his plans were set la motion.
The scene changes now to that of the old Doel Brewery; a portion of which still stands, encased In bill posers. at the northwest corner of Adelaide and Bay streets. Here the fol-owers of Mackenzie,
•vening, arranged for the mn on the Bank of Upper Canada to commence he following morning. When they arrived to commence the operation they were not accorded the first place In the Ha
)

oney
11
iiat be of much use to the Canadian set-
STABLE FITTINGS!
Huy Pork Outfit». Litter Carrier», Steel Hulls and Statuions.
Horses Bought and Sold.
The bill was
JOHN L. HODGINS.
market were free
.ud West, will have reason to bless the	before Pu6lic hearing, are held
Borden administration for refusing to admit American wheat and fluur free to
the Dominion.
Search for Radium Near Fort William
Something New
Fort Wi liam, Ont., May 12.—That there should be a quantity of radii u-bearing pitch blende in the Thunder 1 iy district is the opinion of Professor G j-win, of Queen's University, Kmgsi. n.
A search is being mad-? for the mineral in the hope of obtaining the $25,000 reward |rORONTO LOSING THE BUILDING offered by the Ontario government for the discovery of radium in this province.
C. N. R Relief Proposals Compared with G. T P Bargain.
LINK WITH THE PAST
Having an entirely new stock, we can show
you the iatest designs in
In the course of hit speech on the pro-;» sals of the Government to aid the Canadian Northern Railway, Hon. Arthur Meigher. made a comparison of such proposals and the late Governmentts G. T. V deal. Of the latter he said :
THAT HOUSED EARLY BANK
Jewellery, eut Glass and Silverware.
Relic of Day# When Banks Were Few
FIRST THROUGH CANAL
•* Ths country guirsnteed three quar-tur# of the coat of building the whole road and for its guarantee and for its hundred mi lion dollars of subsidy it never got «•ne do'Ur. And now the right bon. gentleman (Sir Wnfrid Laurier) says that we are not justified at all in letting Mscken x e, Mann and Company away with a paltry $40.000.000 of stock as compensation tor our guar&n ee. We have a twelfths proprietorship in the Canadian Northern absolutely, orne what may. If it succeeds, as there is every anticipation it will, then the value of that stock enters the treasury of this c >untry as compensation ; and there is every reason to believe that before any great length of time there will be a par value for that stock, and that the Government of the present
5,000-Ton S. S. Pennsylvania to Open it for World Traffic
Upper Canada — Passed Through Troubled Times and Once Withstood Sensational Crisis.
Although we make quality our first aim you will find our prices quite reasonable.	*	. . «
Panama, May 11—It is proposed t<> st»nd the first commercial vessel through
the Panama canal in a few days.	bold—A warehouse will be erect
The vesm l is the Pacific mail liner :d here " These are the words of
Pennsylvania, of5.000tons. She wiliersas loom wrltten largely against the old
St. Cris’ohel, enter there, and take out a “facture at the southeast corner of
cargo for New York. L ghters will ful- *In* &nd Frederick streets. But, per-
low the vessel to the Atlantic side tow«?d ha*>8' lt ,a Juat ** wel1 that the old l,y g tug.	landmark be removed and a new and
Thus, without ceremony, will be in- brighter brass plate be erected to
mark Its grave, for scarcely any
passer-by ever stops now to read the Jlngy old bronxe itgn which bids the wayfarer stop and examine. This old building was once the first bank In K ,	„ .	. J Guelph, Oat., May 1$—Judge Huzh I Toronto. More even than tbl»; for It
t”=£5fr ~2S
.rent ..^.udered on the N.tionsl Trsns eflern<WD. He went out fur b,. u.u.l P,ob*- ,
c Dtinent*1 R»ilw»y	afternoon walk down town end mu.t have L Nl“«y-««* T'*r• hare gone by eloce
etarted to return through R reriide Park the ,^*ctl0° to°k P,eee- *“ those by for hi. bod, waa found by two little girl. *“"* the tbick-eet building occu-.bout fire o'clock m the m.llraca between	tbe ™,01‘ Prominent corner of
Riverside dam and S.mp.00'1 mill.	22.î°!2	e,00« ‘h*
ho P.e;ma.ter-(leneral today completely , ,me tlmf'judge of the Supreme Coort of |fh* elil* the town did their trad d’ejx eee of en alleged scande! brought Nora Scotia end one of the beet known .Whe,tll1 ch.anl-ea“Ten “r •**ht utb, the opposition during the course of cit zone of Halils:	[tie though: that 'rcadee w!f| make Shops that were
do.pfe l.Wi««AL!.h‘Llt7b.,Hth"' &	iD,° ‘be a,lllr“ee0d C,>0ld	!n their %l4h%%
Department had purchased sn un-	roods and finery have degenerated In
usually and unnecessarily large number	•	10 httle tobacco shops. Fashionable
f lxks for mail bags. Th** member for Death of Hon F D. Monk bookshops have been replaced by lit Kouvilie based bis theory on an answer	____ eating houses which appeared to
given b, tbe Assistent Depot, Poet H e Frederick Debartseh Monk, ea-	***. »rob,e® 1®,„tb* ln" to
,neater General, which, howeyer, was M P. for Jacques Cartier, em Minister	of llvfmg. A IllUe brae#
etrmneons, snd which b# corrected soon of Publie Works in the Borden cabinet	hse 9,ten np U 6be4e OT”
me snatjow or former greatness; and
the bank—the Institution that did so
much for our forefathers—has sunk
to the level of a second-hand furnl
lure shop. So, again I say that per
Our stock of Watches is very complete Ranging In price from $1.00 to $50.00.

We are making a specialty of a beautiful Gold Filled Case at $14.00, which is fully guaranteed.
sugursted the world traffic of the esna
Judge Henry Drowned
HANS SHADBL
Watchmaker, Jeweler and Optician.
P O. DEAL IN PADLOCKS
Le mieux Inuendoes Suddenly Given Their Quietus.
the
Vts e# YEARS'
cxrcrikncc 4
row where once
THE MARKETS
>ttaws. May 11.—A report tabled by a
ths same
i


last sees on
Flour perberrel 86-00 to $6.76. Wheat, pei bushel. 81 to 87e. Osta.per bushel, Me.
Ratter, tube, prints end rol • I8e Potetoes per be*. 1.16. per dosen 16c.
Pork per 100 lbs. 6.60 to 10.66. Elder per 100 lbs,6.00 Pelts 40to65 cent etch
He, per ton $10.00
• few others were
there since early morning. The old clock struck the hour of nine,
53
T
and doors were opened for the busl-
of the day
The first to enter earn an old millwright—a friend of
However, the correction and one of the most highly respected w deliberately ignored end the Oppoei- j public men of the country passed away urn kept J! « i«stng the "360,000 pad- at half peat four o'clock Friday morn l-<k deal	ling, at his residence, Montreal, at the
Hon. Mr. Lemieux afterwards shifted | age of 68 years hie ground end said that the people from
afterwards.
pound notes for pay me it la farth-
a
S
lags. It took mo long to count the money and so long to recount It that >ver hojr wfifi^ggJpH^E bank. Other supporters of the bank advanced slowly to the paying win-
ved for the
Although it was known that Hoe. Mr. locks were being purchased I Monk had been in very poor health for

to give way than remain the sole o>> fact with a history In n row wh* * everything else baa been forgotten.
Let us then roll back the pages of	____
time and look opoe the old pUe. not hey were counting out thi ceins 1 heir
Th^ following are last Saturdays «set*
on* :
Hotter. Is prists *7c to30c Better Is pails M to Me.
*gge, fresh, nerdesen # te
General ; that the pnee of the padlocks »b!.g*d to retire from the H^seeof Cim wee toojkiffh, although Mr. Lemieux h
as mono is which he had held •
t since
bed been paying ell the general asserted there wee I hi* dee’h • -i a shock to the
elections of 1896, the news of
FOR SALE
predecessors were depositing their
Mr
St
we It t
o day, but fta the year 1111 tne year when Wllllan Allai
withdrawals Into the bank again. Af-
in all this.
mty, and especially to the public m
,,f This la
%8&?tUhin
The
Fee
put up the building and opened fi
B**f. per loe lb.. $*.00 to 1100
nanrrectlonlate saw the Impossibility
KIMIOUR.
general store, with Its miscellaneous
if draining the funds and departed
Oats, per bushel, Me
properly manufactured
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
A Chinaman'# Oath.
A Chinese oath was recently administered In British Columbia with all the ceremonial accompaniments that are observed In China when an oath Is taken In court. Seven Chinamen were charged with rioting, and one. Mob Quong, a witness, was to testify.
The oath was taken on the lawn at the rear of the courthouse, in the presence of the full court and many interested spectators. It was written In the Chinese language, to which the witness affixed h> signature. The charge against the seven men was read to the witness by the I Interpreter, whereupon the witness took the following oath:
"Being a true witness, I shall enjoy happiness, and my sons and grandsons will prosper forever. If I falsely accuse, I shall die on the street, heaven will punish me, earth will destroy me. I shall suffer adversity, and all my offspring will be exterminated. In burning this oath,
I humbly submit to the will of heaven, which has brilliant eyes to see."
After the witness had signed his name to the oath, a young white
A Weekly Jeurnil dêvoted te loom! Interests'
PablUked every Thwreday
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.

THESE ARE TVIO/i

JOBS

à


BvneourFTrozf, $1 ? Year in Advance
All Arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
L

*
Chateau Uuiief

Union
V
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and A cents per line or each subséquent insertion
Businas* cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by H or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruction* accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-I shed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
I


I

$>*•,
*« • a* 4
w
4
i r
You can make old Furniture look like new at small expense.
Of course you are going to Paint this spring— to protect your House and to make every* thing look fresh and bright. Use the Paint that has proved its real
cock with red comb and yellow legs I Quality—O P W was brought forth. Three punk	7	eV?e ra,nL
•ticks and a pair of Chinese candles I Quyon • were stuck in the ground and lighted | J 9 near a block of wood. Next the oath was read by the interpreter to the witness, after which the latter wrapped the piece of paper on which the oath was written round the joss
paper. The witness then laid the . _. .	,	. 4 „
cock on the block and chopped its . ^ ie of rougtl r;ulfl aDfl roads
irirv.BMJrjsasfsw	*,¦*-,, *»•*
u *“ *to"’
the various municipalities throughout meDce Auguit Hth and to continue for 10 the province for the purpose of con-	w,lh three week» holidays du-
.structing main truck roads between riDg the win'er. A'l epp icetions to he r.	.	Counsel Reginald	the principal market centres. Half	the	hands	of	the	undersigned	Sec.-
^eary, of Toronto, tells of a funny	a million dollars which has been set Treasurer on	or	before the	30.h	of June,
experience on his last trip to London,	aside out of current revenues for road I
Those who have visited Lon-	construction by the public works deion know that the number of pas-	partment this year will be spent
«“getj carried on cerUln busses is	largely In improving the most 1m-
jmlter by n-guiatloi.	portant traffic roads and with a view
Mr. Geary was riding in one of to completing, in the course of the hese one day, and the kindly Iri*h next few years, a system of main tondue tor, though quite aware that | trunk roads, ils ’bus was full, had permitted a roung and sickly woman to squeeze n. The ’bus had not proceeded far before the usual crank spoke up.
’Conductah!” he exclaimed, "you’ve me over your number, y’know!”
“Have I, sir?” asked the conductor with affected concern. Then begin-ling to count from the opposite end, eavlng the complainant until Vie ast, he repeated : Wan, two, three, our, foive, six, sivln, eight, nolne.
In, ’leven. twelve, thir—so I have, ill. an' be the Lord Harry, ye're the van Out ye go!”
And out be did go.—Star Weekly.
Aik the Architects, the Builders, fiic Greed Trunk officiels—end they will tell you that everything used m these two me*mh rof buildings, wee the best the! money could buy.
This is why O.P.W. Paint was used throughout.
the month

What is the use of throwing old things away or buying new at considerable outlay, when a little time, a brush, and a pint or quart of
»
«•
High grade—but not high priced.
W. H. Dickson. Ft. Coulonge, • Colton, Bros. Shawrille, • W. A. Hodgins. *
The Pei at is like smile — it

JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher.
Sun Varnish Stain
Alberta Joins Movement.
TEACHER WANTED
Professional Cards.
will renew the old finish, and make the old chair, the bureau, the table, and any other piece of furniture look like it did the day you bought it.

Duties to com-
DR. A. H. BEERS
And Out He Went.
Corporation
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bay
Doctor of Medicine and Blaster of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery. Quebec.
- Que.
JAS. CARSWELL,
Sec.-Treasurer,
Dur,raven P. O , Quo.
Made in all the popular Woods, such as Mahogany, Oak, Walnut.

Pasturage to Rent.
Canada'* Shipping Record.
Capital estimated at $26,908,950, I ,Vti,e requiring pasture for horses invested In 8.545 Canadian vessels j *c««Ie msy procure same on the Alex, while 43,968 men and boys are em- j l«>mgao property. 13 I» range Clarendon, ployed in the marine service, accord- M	rates, by applying to the
ing to the annual report just issued undersigned : by the registrar of shipping. The	^ ”e f>er head for season, |1 56
number of vessels registered is 8.645,	,Sp<c *rrsngements for horses,
and the tonnage is 896,965, an In- All ammsls taken only st owners’ risk, crease last year of 344 vessels.	H. B. HODOIN8, Varm, Que.

R. A. DRAPEAU, LL L
Ville Marie Quo.
m
We sell It.
S. A. MACKAY
INVENTED FCUNTAIN PEI.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,----Que.
CONCRETE
Canadian Druggist Was Pioneer in Now Huge Industry.
Books of reference, even dictionaries, name and descr be the fountain pen, but In such a way as if it had been the product of spontaneous cre-None of the writers seem to
C. F. HODCINS CO.
TO STUDY rISH.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
Prof. A. B. Macallum Establishing Research * n Pacific Coast.
WORK
EXECUTED.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawvllle every Saturday.
Dr. A. B Macallum, professor of atlon biochemistry at th- University of To- : know the name of Its Inventor. Watt. , w
ronto. has been in Vancouver recently | Morse, Howe, Bell and other names | We* thH undersigned, have purchased a
Cox a ere Mixer and
le connection with the work of the of Inventors and discoverers are Board of Biological Research, under household words, tut no one appar-the Department of Marine and Fish- ently Is familiar with tho name of the erlee, of which he is secretary-treas- | Inventor of the fountain pen urer without salary
•re now in shape to do ail kinds of concrete work, either by contract or by the hour. Fur full particulars apply to
D. R. BARRY, K.C
Is
can scarcely be said the
I Two biological stations are main- I of any other instrument of equal util-talned by this board In CanaJa, one |lty. Yet the personal element Is most at Nanaimo and the other at St. An- Interesting In ull spheres of human drew’s, N B , while it is planned to , action. The fountain pen is now establish another at Hut on Bay. made by scores of competing manu-Thelr subject matter Is halibut, sal- j facturera the world over, and the ¦ j mon, herring, lobsters and oysters, on business has risen Into millions. All
the economic side, and their object Is since 1876, when patents were issued	.	.,
I wish to inform the Farmers of this district thatll'ZZr“ ““ " Isÿ^-SS SSïsiSttSS
T v—	, form, so that government* may gor- Duncan Mackinnon wae born in the a special for pair of chicks from above
1 nave lately taken over the agency for the «m themselvea accordingly.	township of Ycrk, county Of York, eg*, will be giren at Shawville Exhlbl.
Take the matter of halibut, for In-	Ontario, In 1838, and died in 1882.
fill ‘ill «tance. It is said that halibut are	He received a liberal education : i his
becoming scarce In Pacific waters. Is	native county. After teaching school
It true? That It what the biological	for a short ti *e he took up pbar
I board wants to know. Very little Is macy, and the year 1874 found him	_ w	— _	_ _
known of the habits of halibut. Its the proprietor of a drug store in the j H ELP PROTECT
eggs have been obtained on!y In 11m- city of Stratford.
Red stages, its time of spawning Is About this time L> re. t a para • unknown. Its food is not definitely re- graph in The Scientific American
(cognized.	asking some Inventive jenius of the I And other Game during Close Season
SESFHS55 EK-3.	bssiTAr
of age, but Internationally famous. It	for the lead. Mr. Mackinnon was at	come	aware	of.	Liberal	compensation
Is the Intention of the board to en-	once seized with the Importance of	| paid for	onvicting	evidence.	All	cor-
ïïj'æk."'«& I -«*-•	.......
its of halibut on the Pacific coast. He time for his experiments.
The chief difficulty lay In securing control of the inkfiow
Another question that the blolDgl- ally accomplished by putting an air cal station at Nanaimo Is grappling tube In the centre of the fountain with is why the herring are disap- This was, and Is to-day, the most pearing from Pacific waters. Has it lential part of the mechanism. With anything to do with the movement of out It there would have been no the planxtone life of the s a that is fountain pen. Before final results
.«iisssi
I The sea salmon has neve been de! finitely described as to nativity, ma	...
turtty and death. Many have guessed the ink corroded th*> m- t *n-!	1
at these problems, and Prof Gilbert points soon wore off. Hard rubber has made Important discoveries was next chosen and proved so suc-
betng verified if possible, ceeeful that It is still the material and when scientifically demonstrated used. There was still one difficulty the facts will be used to conserve the to overcome, and that was to secure
a hard metal point. This, too, was The reason why oysters do not finally accomplished by the use of to thrive when transplanted Iridium, the hardest of all meUUs, from the AtUntlc to the Pacific, whe- and with which the gold pens now thsr it is due to the scarcity or the attached to the fountain are tipped plentiful ness of brine in the sea or
to tho temperature of the water; why j Inventor kept steadily In view wan _	lobsters reproduce their species, but the production of a fluid pencil.”
ed In the vicinity.	I	T <% no UIa * a f**	+	their growth seems to be arrested. He had not thought of attaching an
in certain districts • homesteader in	JLfiCll’El 01 ©a V it 6 VJTPCcIL	whether they shed their shells or not ordinary pen to the fountain This
BMBHtosL «I¦h*h- (RMord2j^)	wZ'ZZZ	%r'cZ
I,ome.te.d entry (looludln, the t,m. re l **d Will place him at Mme# if k#ri4 brsedirs ivnilg	Mâm. another nv-mber of the biological w# lb* Inreator a manufacturer	_ _, .
qulred to earn homestead patent) and 80	.	...	...	.	_	.	.	. ,	. board. Is going eut there on a tour of This gen tlemaa conceived the idea of <»«<>. Prkndkroast, Proprietor.
acres extra cultivation.	I	Lnrabie is a rich bay home, 16 hands high and weighs l **1 pound*. loventigation In April and Mr Mac eubntltutiag an ordinary pen for the 1	--lag B "-
.	§	.	, ..	.	„	.	. W ithout doubt he is one of the most noted trotting stallions that has|snaœ >lsos |0 return in June for • oolat. and proceeded to manefaetsm
nriï!ViSmaîî.rrr’V* a i'h “ 8	brought into ( an ad a, and has demonstrated hie ability toi |olr#r %y Both will go out to the end sell, regardleee of huai #
Zwd in certain dutnvtw Pr% M	"peedys# well as high^claae show horse*.	halibut banks wtth the halibut fish les. er possible Infringement, calling
ears Dutiee.- Muu reside sis month* Urabie* turf <mreer has been exceptionally brilliant, and hi* ereeB	irst-hasd Information his pen the itylographlc Other mak
each of three year#, cultivate no [et-oid in the show ring has been marked with phenomenal success. p, Macallum has been interview- em. the world e#er. followed In qmiek
•BO I Hf has won some great races nt Detroit, Cleveland. New York, Ro- lag oBclals of the Previselal Govern- succession The rest is present-day 2ft fh<NVtere Other place* to the United States. To the breeder, who meat and the Domlalon Fisheries Do- history. f»r r ugh.sembby r v »¦; Is exceptionally Interested in trotting stock, the history of this great part meat
w. w. ooby.
O. A. HOWARD, Shawville.
Frost & Wood and
Cockshutt IVjachinery
JAS. R, & JOHN A. DEAN
Stark’s Corners, Que
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
l
Office and Residence
Campbell* Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday.
Eggs for Hatching
WBICHT, GAMBLE &
SMART
NELSON McLELLAN.
Wyman, Que.
above machinery, and am ready to orders^for the Spring Trade.
ADVOCATES, BARRISTERS, AC
1W Rais It, Hull, and 13 Qsssm St., Ottawa.
Wm. Gamble. K. C„
4» no. 0. Wrioht,
THE DEER.
Russel S. Smart
A
supply of Repairs will always be kept on hand
GEORGE HYNES
S. E. HODGINS
9
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention. Open allhours.
D. McRae's Old Stand
Main St., Shawville.
dental
N. McCU AIC
Is expected her* about tha and of September.
Prov Game Warden
This was fln-
Bryson, January. 1913.
Announcement
TENDERS FOR MILK DRAWING
To the Farmers and Horsemen of Pontiac
I have Just purchased from Mr. Alex. McLaren Buckingham, the renowned Trotting Stallion
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND PECULATIONS
r HE sole head of a family, or any male A over IS years old, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. The applicant mngt appear In person at the Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-agency for the Dlstr Entry hy proxy may be made at the office of any Local Agent of Dominion Lands (not sub Agent) on certain conditions.
Duties.—Six months* residence upon and cultivation of the land in each of
Hre ad on#
lions. A habitable honae Is required In
The pen was first made in soft ] ln6 Routve This experiment failed, for
No. 1—John Horner's.
No. 2—Thomas Smiley's.
No. 3—Edward Dale's. •
No. 4 —John Sal way’s.
No 5—Portage du Fort roid.
No. 6—H. Oimetead'e. oeeph Sly's.
No. 8—Hugh A. Horner's.
D rectors will meet same night at 7 30
» cl* ck.
metal
Th
are
Zi

'

salmon
'
JOHN SMILEY,
three years. A homesteader v thin nine mites of him
President
horn
It will be noticed that what the
THE SHAWVILLE
MEAT SHOP
f
leader who ha# exhausted hi#
A supply of • •
eth
Fresh and Cured Meats
In
Always in stock.
dtirtion In
Like many ether inventors. Mr
Highest Market Price paid for Hide# and Pella.
ation of the ed the seed bet ether# reaped the
be
for the
Deputy ef the Mlalsterof the Interior.
tho vised pe hi lea tiens of

Your Patronage Solicited.
###PAGE###6###
1
don’t want him to marry % he chare, he loses. See ?” Mr. Tavistock put hia hands behind his tack and glared at her. 4 I've told fj him eo,
Mr. Tavistock was awry, lie i “And what chid he may ?" surveycd liis son with flashing eyes. “Spoke about love in a cottage!
She's only an ad venture as—«-he Now, you’re a sensible girl. You and her mother I Go to her to-roor-1 value money and all money can row and tell her I’ve lost all my bring. If you marry him you won’t
Sec w hat she say» then !” get any, except w hat he earns. And She d say just the same. Money 1 tell you frankly ho isn’t worth 30 would make no difference to May. shillings a woek to anyone.
Wouldn’t it I Mr. IVivistoek Now, continued Mr .Tax btock, snorted. “‘She’s got adventurcs-s “if you marry me you can live in w ritten a!l over her face ! Oh, I’ll luxury for the rest of your life. I’ll admit she's prott} - as his *on was settle enough on you to give you about to interrupt—“but one wants every extravagante you something else besides beauty in a I for. worn a n. It doesn’t last long with the best of them. You haven't pro-1 to marry met posed to her yet?”
Not ye(.
That’s good, my son. the girl for you.
Why not ?
Hecau«e I say not.
yvu : so, if
t-cwnt y***t o*ie, *1* handful* bran, one-half cup tyrup, one ta-bleapoon/ul salt, and rye flour enough to itlffen. Make a sponge of the white flour, water and yeast. Let riae. When light add the br»n, eyrup, and enough rye flour to stiffen. Let riae again. When .	Lght, put into pans, let rise and
fiollrii Onions.—In peeling and bake one hour or more in a hot preparing the onions for boiling do oven. Caraway seed may be added uot cut off the tops and tails too if liked.
closely, for the Unions will then go Hran Bread Sandwiches. One to pieces, but after peeling all the «lice buttered bran bread, one slice
base may be cut out in the shape of buttered white bread, chopped a little pyramid, and this should be meat. Put chopped meat between done when onions have begun to the slices and the sandwich is sprout, as the central layer has be- ready, come green and strong. Parboil ten minutes, if the onions are rather large. It is not necessary to
pour off the water more than this I &>ak sweet peas in a cupful of once. Old recipes say three times, warm water for half a day before but this procedure results in a Joss planting.
of more of the soluble part than it In the sick room be sure to wash is good to lose. Cook in plain boil- each glass and spoon immediately ing water or in half milk and half after use.
water, and for not less than an Choose high, narrow saucepans, hour. Onions need to be mure with close-fitting lids, for cooking thoroughly cooked than many peo* vegetables.
pie cook them. Finish with milk A linen cover for the hot water and butter, pepper and salt, or bottle bag is a good thing to have with cream.	in the guest room.
Chopped Onion.* For cooking, In roasting meat allow fifteen for sauces or purees, and for mix- minutes for each pound and fifteen ing raw with French dressing and minutes over.
I	-r, I	a	toaked «.ft enough
1	; 1	. | H ,1 I '•'*	-	*<?e "f cheesecloth, let the wld b* tiring, may be made into a fra
» ¦ I rat:kr	‘"'MT1 necklace.
Thon I shall have to work for my Ho chuckle*) as Ins ohauffvur	„	. ......	, up the cloth and s.p.reze it dry hve0' »heer dress material should
living ”	_	cranked up. Tire interview Imd	Sweet ( hildrvn of Crown I'rlnceas of Sweden.	(old asparagus with a French hr pressed on a aoft surface and
ca^od you to live like a gentleman fore driving home ho directed the ever. *>ad time to become the Duke of Halland and a chevalier of t<,s' and tl‘i* is a good dressing l>fd cream or custard.
KH55E5S HHHSSS	ass EHSS-SRSiSE iz
Blto HPI
11
Siæg
away. I expect we ll find J,*,i deputies in tiw Grand Council cide what was the original Finely me where there, if he hasn't left I «'naming the liberty which the m I mince a pound or two of onions,
iEE! '	]^B|;|Ey|ü^E
« ^tsnsrre*. -sssesK-tesSB s.^fe*?KpS£B5EI
hard had made sufficient on the ‘4Aih! you love me ?"	“Very soon we shall have aero- to prevent any conversât**] between JT neared fa?1'TviSk wha^!er. ,e	^ tl>e mowtrh oocti|>ied
•Utck exchange to leave his w ,fe •"! like jx>u.”	plsnea with transparent wings and	the prisoner# and their viators	lPr.Tdv iklâ	kourt • It ia
comfortably off m the eves vf t.»f* “Then why do you withhold your of considerable weught-carrying	acroee the w*ll, and thus the former	Mrwj	*iv,*	,/	white sauce	tiblo that the King, if he liked,
genera world.	consent to my engagement to your capabilities, with a #;wed of 100 can learn the latest news.	§ p v a er being sieved, could deputize most of hit work,
81,c herself was a w,.m«n of tiw	miles an hour, and a capacity of It is noticed that the prisoners	lhe bnt’	f*thflT, the We Kmg
world, who had seen it was fit for - Because >xm arc not suited to TOO miles." says Lieutenant Colonel are very polite when voung women „.rn*L Tl .	' t b#I1u"*dL,or • Bdwaed, he takes the perfectly cor
her daughter to entourage the only lw,h oUier."	F. H. Sykes of the Royal Flying are present Packet,'of cigarette. This	• ,,.h;mrtJr I rect view that it would be injudi-
toil of the wealthy Mr faviatock. “If any one had tried to prevent Corps, in a lecture to the Aeronau- and other small luxuries-not on *	„ . y., (Linne-d for n cious to put his name or give hie
He was most eminently a suitable wu marrying your first wife!"	tical Society at the United Service	the regular menu—find their way	.	...;	?	Boubise can be	absent to any document or plan
mate!.- in fact, it was absurd to ap | My first wife has nothing to	do Institution. London	over the walls, and this custom	?	, ^	, "g	*®	14	one thlr<l of [which he had not himself carefully
ply such a commonplace description with the ,,ueeti.m." replied the mil-	"With such machines." he add	though strictly forbidden,	is winged °‘ tomat<>	puree'
10 Fon °\ , . , ionairf * liouaire stiffly. “We will not discum	ed, “the flanks of even modern	at.	These	pleasant little	I
||r«t May a gin of the present day, her.*’	armies would be etasily turned, vital	musicale' are now threatened
wlio valued t.n- luxuries t at money (	«‘No. The girl^came nearer	to arteries of supply in their rear
can bring—had fa len in with h r j,jm an<j J^^ed up into his face,	would be readily gained, and the
wifb.-s. In a few m« n' .s she fourni <*Became you cared for her as you	words ‘overland and ‘oversea’
tliat her feel mgr for .Win rav: stock. wujj never care for me. You were	would mean little. It apf>eals very
Jr., had cotered a different sphere. p°or w|,en vou married lier. Ho	much to the imagination to think 1	\„	t'osllf	Refrigerating
S ip was n« at <1 with her mother p4H)r tliat you lived in two rooms,	of a squadron of almost invisible
in the drawing-room when Mr. Ta- jf her fatlier had dared to in- and silent aeroplane# launched to eietock'e car drove up and stopped lerfere—M	1 raid some vital part of an enemy's
before the door.	“We will not discus# my wife.
Who is twiat i asked Mrs. Stan repeated the millionaire.
^ar<^	“On the one hand, there it money
riche#; on the otiie
Poverty, said Mr. Tavistock.
“Ye*, substance and shadow.
If you like to put it so poetically.
I'm more practical.
“Well, I shall choose the sub j month* has been in general air
»
one
v mmm
Kr. Tavisloct's Proposal



HOME
g
* civS.s't
¦%
• *
* t








4
|
’


'<

Onion Di«hr*.
t

er




money.
i
3
u


4 I

ï






I )
l

: %


r*
• «



il
V

1

r« ' * •* m V*
rfVï
can crave
a
«

I don’t understand. You want
4 l
t
* I
\
&
Household Flint#.
y i

Yes,
saul Mr Tavistock.
I not • in love with you l don’t !*• She’s not lievs in love, but I’ll make you a
g<Hxi husband better than John


I'm

é •
; )


* H
V
I #
*v..
t «
» »
! :
* y
And you're taking on a eer-I v t you ! tainty with me I*vs got the money, to marry some one better than her. What do you say?”
I've got the money. I haven t made | The girl hetkatod and flushed, my pile for her to squander She won't squander it She
4 •
4 i
t
$*F>

She wai honestly fond of tln> son. And she knew what her mother won't -because she won't] would say if rho married without
You're serious in your proposal ? slie said at last.
John | “Perfectly 1 ran ! offer y, , Tavistock luid not the stern, grim j love, but I can offer you a comfort -face which marked his father ; but ( able home.” • his i i set x vi x hard as ii<* spoke.
I I
I t
*
ê «
1
« »
ge t t he opportunity. (>pportimity ' s | money. a grand thing.
I intend to marry her.
I 4
?F
I t
t t
• •



41
| Vrry well mart \ her; but ti d j	rtainl\
one penny of mine will you touch if walked toward the door, you do- not one penny—do you un-1over, my girl
« «
9 9
I •
# •
• I
« I
# 4
provide.
I'd have to try."
s #
IL«
There was an angry flush on his face after his son had left the room. Mr. Tax isUick was a self nmde man, who, in his early days had fought hard. Repute said He was one of the richest men in Eng land ; consequently, his path through the world was easy ; men bowed before him, and it amazed him that his son should refuse to obey his commands—John, who had always proved so amenable. True,
Mn*s May Stan hard was a nice, pretty gir! — just such a girl as could be found in hundreds of English homes- prettier than most, perhaps. Hut she was not the sort of gjrl his Km ought to marry ; he wanted him to aim higher.	I
Mr. Tavistock's mind wandered ally, from the business before him—kept j	f must thank you for the neek
wandering to the girl. Then anjlac<, you sent me,” said the girl, idea came to him and he chuckled I “That's nothing to what you shall
have when we re married, he re*

4 4
KING GEORG»: A HI NY MAN.
I 4
Corrfspondouc* Keep# Him Busy ' Several Hours a Day.
So


softly^
From U'iat moment—once a deft-1 plied, nite scheme l»ad formed itself in his ' ‘"gj brain—his thoughts ran in their nient, proper channels and the contracts before him received their due and proper attention.
Miss May Stan hard lived with her widowed mother in a coin for table house at Kensington.
4 i
I’ll
I l
4 4
4 4
4 4
I 4

1
1
9 I
i
i

studied. Beanies, to one of hts Majesty’s clearly defined views, hvck Selected Recipes.	I agreement on some matters would
r"f	-fesarat* ïïs
l«rk, end half a small white cab bag.. Put two ounces of butter in * saucepan, and when it boils put in the vegetables. Let them cook gently, but do not let them brown Then add three pints of milk into which one ounce of flour has been creamed. Season the mixture to taste, and let the
t
11
soirees
t
I
SKATING RINK OF SALT.
early riser.
I
tt is served up-ovsr which very spent. Then, if a morning en-
Prareas
t
Was Necessary.
few
?
f
the
A skating rink made of salt was
organization. Such a squadron,- if I recently exhibited and skated upon armored, might perhaps safely fly at the Berlin “Zoo.” It was pro | luw over parked ammunition and dueed by purely chemical moan# supply wagons. I am convinced that and without the employment of a and fighting and sea fighting even- costly refrigerating process. It re tually will wait on aerial fighting.	me mb led ice in every way, wwa odor*
The greatest improvement in l»t# and proof against any heat be military aviation in the last twelve low H6 degrees Fahrenheit. Thia
salt rink w
worthiness and in climbing	ability,	invented and patented. It can be
i hen, I can tell	my	son you	Progress Will is required in	mater	applied over wood, cement,
have accepted my offer	of	mar	ial design ami other matters, and a	phalt. or boards can be coated with
nage ?'	little too much trust in Providence	it and awmbled to form floors It
The girl’s left hand	had	been hid	still is asked for.	it applied in successive layer# and
<hn behind her back.	She drew it	Colonel Sykes tad that the me	the "snow abraded by the skates
forward quickly. In	the	palm re	noeuvre# of British military	airmen	can be collected and melted with	•.	...	*	.,
I» sed the diamond necklace. “No," in the last year deim mat rated that fresh material. The quantity re- *	p 10 l,ru!^e'« s,,d j
she said, “you can tell your son very little that goes on upon the quired for a single layer is about ,	V °“r dissolved
! from me that I'd rather share	£100	ground escapes the observation of	one fifth of a pound per square foot	stir	the mgsgn
a ' “ a year with him than a	million a	a sky pilot. Very little was missed.	A freah layer applied twice a week
year with his father."	Transport and guns disguised as	#*#n#n k) keep an ordinary rink in
Mr. Tavistock looked at lier travelling shrubbery were not gen- repair. =	.	¦
Then you refuse erally difficult for the aviator to
N**
< : plain Waterlow said that ia the
love I last British aviation manoeuvres the
f
• •
cch often means of letter# daily, fates, other* he graphed letter# royal relative*.
I
oorix
deali
John's father,” replied the girl. Oh V9 Mrs. Htanhard rose, pre-
a, ,	. J ¦	simmer
gently for half an hour. Serve R •
with cubes of toast.
Prune Jelly.—Cover one pound of California prune# with cold water, and cook them until they soft. Dissolve one-half a box of shredded gelatin (or two to three tablespoon fuis of granulated gelatin) in one-half pint of cold water.
Add one pint of hot water, one and one quarter cupfuls of sugar, and the juice of one or two lemons. Re
• ê
• t
o

14
q
para lory to making her exit.
I will leave you alone with him.
So it was that Mr. Tavistock found the girl by herself, a book open, face downwards, on the chair by her s:«i
He n aided curtly* a* he shook
•: -

N

mu
» i
d

* r
'
i
I ir
• t
with
, an or
tl
made after a process
are
«•
11
end
the whole
Bt
f 4
day.
or
<k
<ng, ex-
a ma
*1
He
I won't sit down survey ed the girl. The sight pleased
my hoy?
• t
**N
o ;
oui roy-
eb
So you're going to marry he said
May St an hard flushed, and he
eoiK.-ntied :

hr
be a mere for-

in
or it may ©on-
of the King a
reply may al-m the Palace.
C
tarn
the
a little, and set it away to harden. Serve the jellv with whipped cream.
Prune Ire ( ream.—Put one
well-washed prunes in a stewpan, cover with one and one-half
You
« 4
I have not locked at it from
that point of view.” she replied, dumbfounded
I cm k rd of John; and he cares mv offer?” he said____________________
bf W. l	“Yen.” replied Hie gorl. 1 Wh*n
Ï m	That ¦ a g---*l ing If were
ycu cnn t	have money, it s a ir^d	You might have	married	for	money,	aviator» sent	wireless	mes	ages.
thing to	hate !«.ve Do you kn* w	But yori (hot*	substance. So do I.	which were received by the general,
’ * ? ri' v »K ‘i ^ m>	f , ,n - il> live	r	y lif » <	ire.	Î pre	on the ground,	mm* ti m	mites	after 1 IVk
* he	’ 1 4‘ • J*	» fp nd it with ! he man I km '	stched. although the me#
Two ms are heMrr than a palace sagas to pass th nk you married on	sors at
rr rru* Î». Mr Tavis’ock.’	Mr. Tavistock l<w*ed ai her and retransmitted by telepho
read t e grim deti m* nation in her wsn-.y, ,m
1 brought a ring round with the aii^nps.

cup

È
« f

¦¦cupa cold water and let FUnd several hours or overnight. Cook until prunes are soft in the same water, run through a ©olsnder, add cup sugar,* four tablespoons lemon
;% salt. «»*
1
Ns Diffi rcsre.

She—No. Jack, I fear we could never be happy ; you know, I always want my own way in every-

l'a BucêatM* W tu peti
HHHHI	vi mat
1* g'il for iodsfieiVa votMwi of iro-wevt to be ptmd on drunken who illtmal their wires Niusefts* np-*A-?rf m*Mu.* *4 <he sorieiies ^L%ted
there wag rv» «/fer sur of
qu


lion

of
¦4,1 1

But. darling, you could go after we are married.
Ill IP#


I"
i
m
k! <


¦ ir

cupt
r t
on
« : ^ .


f4»0
il stiff finely <k salt.
Freeze
¦ahed
Ml

UBinic
ftÜ to

Mldren
the r
ereiving	mod be

no

f
one part
j! a


r


— ?

raw
:
f talking ah»u4 my mar
i I biaina ; ha ha m i I f



Hi

batting the da. g*
1er
rt
I > -ft f Errs of
ru cf

well
« k
• flour.

luart

water, B»<raJ« of dniokardi Ivjili



^
###PAGE###7###
<
POWOrRY SCAB IB POTATOES
• re washed first in a bucket or barrel of water, and this water then emptied out in the barnyard where it can drain away to the manure
PAMIMIliKT INSTED BY AGR|.|llf«P- <>r he carried about on the
f'*et of poultry, the meeds of a frests
crop of disease are being distribut
NOME HOYAL TREASURES.
MORMON TEMPLE IN WEST.
FROM EOK SCOTLAND
Hvnutlful Work» of Art Owned by J First of hind on llritiHh Soil Will
<o*l About $300,WHI.
Monnrrh*.
HEWHI
Among the royal treamirri of Work on the first Mormon trm *OTi:s OF IXTEIIK8T 1*0)1 II KB I’erwa is » pipe aet with diamonds, pie on British wal m now «oil un-	lUXKS 4M» mam
ruhioe and emerald* to the value, der way in the Mormon centre for	' '
it is estimated, of no leas than Canada, Cardaton, Alberta. The $500,000. This pipe was made for	otrueture will be of granite from	VÏ111
the late Shah, and is said to he	the Itovky Mountains of British (El-
even more valuable than his fnm iimhia. Machinery valued at, $10,-ou« sword.	iiOO lia* been installed on the temple
In the matter of swords it is said ground, and cutting will be done, that tJie (niekwar of Baroda, who,	there as (aM as tiie rough material	<>r^	Glasgow	*	new	station	w
on the (g-casi, n of the coronation of	can be delivered As each stone is	,JP	wmpleted	no	me	timelrT May.
George V. in India, added to hia cut and dress,d it will be placed in The Fife Klcctric Power ( "are fame by snubbing that monarch, the wall.	doubling their plant at their sors-
posM-vscs the most precious blade in The Ftructure will e*t at least ^' downhill, Dunfermline:	|
existence. It» hilt and belt are ia	$300.000. This	money will cone Th* bridge which span, tl„-	I
crusted with diarmmds, rubles, tap	moetly from tithing sent to head-	«»" the Old Town	Hoad fro,,, ():
plnres and emeralds, and its value quarters at Utah, and the contrac burn, has given way and is dan has been put at $1,000,000.	tors have the	assurance of the	«“¦ t‘>r trutlic.
There are many costly swords m	church tlivt all	money nced.-d will Mr. Archibald	Torrance, y
the treaeure rooms of eastern and k,,	(„r,doming when asked for. *<»> of the late Cup, Tori.
worth $10,000	I The Church of Jesus Christ of Lat- I'lasRow added 660 men to tiiv
m „ f ,	. .	. ¦	*» «tiled spongospora subterranea. in the world. The handle* of the } ,ah; w,,erf' the great Salt Lake	^	° dl* engmeerl ,n
The following description is giv-	A	d<x>re are of solid &n,ld while tine I	stands. The new Canadian | tm\ In ion Company s service, ha<
en of powdery scab:	”	rest of the vehicle is of silver.	buiying will be the first to be	r«*igned his post.
“There is only one other disease	SOUTH SEA HORROR.	The new emperor of Morocco came erf	Irtish mil and the first	have apparently be-
wntih which powdery scab w likely	--- into possession of a curious piano,	^ thc 8tabe of Ltah- The | »P<>niubto for depredations
to he confuted, and that is the Erench Seamen Killed and Eaten at manufactured to the order of his 8*'1 Ukr temple coat $4,000,000, the saan* in LmMigow Loch
common acab, one of the commonest	Cannibal Feast.	predecessor, which is probably the ar:<J waV5.yeare in bulI<*ing. The haxe fourni dead. ¦-
troubles of thc potato grower. On	*	most expensive instrument of	the ot"cr 1 tab temples, Manti, St.	t"6 discovery of a mysterious
examining a typical case wo find Three of	the	crew of a French	kind ever made. Thi* piano	was George and Logan, cost all told	* ^rk ybop in the Partiek district of
that the skin of thc potato is raised schooner have been killed and eaten made in parts, each being small	$3.000,000. Material at the |	has given rise to a deal of
up in circular, oval, or elliptical *n the New Hebrides by savages, enough to be carried by a slave, as ^m<x they were erected was very I talk. It is thought to be a coiner’s pustule*. These have an even out- The news was received at Sydney it appeared that thc former emperor Iy ajl<i transportation difficult. c PJ) *
line, and when young arc covered	(New South Wale*) when the Mes-	firmly refused to trust them to the	tt W stated by the authorities to-	/he 1 Hindee tree Library Com I
by the smooth unbroken skin of the	h»geries Maritimes steamer Ville dc	care of his camels, which formed the Nay that as good building can be j	have decided to accept from
tuber. They may be few in number 1* C'iotat arrived from Noumea. only other available means of trans-1 done today for about one-third of i ,v'lr I'hos. l)ewar a A# lack - maned Mon or so numerous ‘as to cover a large The schooner Guadeloupe, a port. Thi* expensive musical in- <**t. So it would seem that a”d other specimens of thc fauna of portion of the surface. In the Ut-	French vessel engaged in tlie re-	etrument was made principally of	the Canadian temple will compare I British East Africa
ter case several spot* often coalesce	cruttirrg of South Sea native* to	tulip and orris woods, inlaid with	favorably with any of the Utah	On* of the oldest and be.st known
to form one large scab.	work in the Fijian plantations, call- unpolished jacaranda parquetry structures outside of the great Salt ' of Banffshire farmers lias died in
“A ease of common scab oompar- at Malekula, one of the many and decorated with scroll work of Bake Temple.	j the person of Mr. George Garden,
ed with this stage of powdery scab islands of the New Hebridean pure gold. The actual sum paid for There are in Canada to-day close Bannachill, near Buckie, at thc age differs in the more irregular mar- 8rvUP.	t°r	the	purpose of ascer-	k was $20,000.	to 10,000 Mormons, and the Cards- of 82.
gin < f the spot*, and by the surface ' banning	the	possibilities of recruit-	ton temple will be for their own	The time-honored custom of ring
being rough irregular and corky I or. a* it is generally styled,	------*------ use. Mormons in the northern ling the curfew, which was allowed
&	«. prolvn^d .b. Atnncm. .ILK NOW. S”.£?S2^*5^TS2|	£
msmm\
tule is mounded beneath by a smooth brownish membrane, which limits it quite sharply from the normal tissue.M
7/IÜS
s
(Tl/TUBAL P EPA HTM ENT
A
<xi
si
Direct Ioiin Summarized.
MH h mis Are Outlined to Prevent
the Spread of tlio Disease.
I» Going on In fhe Highland* • nd Low lands of Auld Beotia.
TIm* following is a summary oi tlu* direction# given for the control of powdery scab:
E :E"£E m Bi
ÎTSZT ÏÏ-È.ÏÏ-.Ki	- «
grow,, m an are» m which neither poeeible precaution, to avoid thc existence of powder) scab ha* been | potatoes
discoi.red in Canada though in- „ Pay M alt^nti>>n to thc veitagahm, haw *h >wnthat the di.- L,,al|i a||<J i( nece.oary, disin-
cooe mt.»t have been present for a Action of implement* which may number of year#	1	IE
pu*
OUlCs
%m coMPANrui'^
^nn,jor°nto
MOST PERFECT MADE
THE INCREASED NUTRITI-0 US VALUE OF BREAD MADE IN THE HOME WITH ROYAL YEAST CAKES SHOULD BE SUFFICIENT INCENTIVE TO THE CAREFUL HOUSEWIFE TO GIVE THIS IMPORTANT FOOD ITEM THE ATTENTION TO WHICH IT IS JUSTLY ENTITLED.
till'
ex
and take all

HOME BREAD BAKING REDUCES THE HIGH COST OF LIVING BY LESSENING THE
Circular PiinIiiIch.
AMOUNT OF EXPENSIVE
MEATS REQUIRED TO SUPPLY THE NECESSARY NOURISHMENT TO THC BODY.
n re a ny m % . Hev-
E. W. GlLLETT CO. LTD. TORONTO. ONT.
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
Comment on Events
Getting at the Heart.
It Is a great gift to be able to sift the wheat from the chaff, and it was a habit of mind with Gold win Smith always to let the mud settle. He wanted to a»e clear to the heart of a question after all the irrelevancien had blown away, and his was an intellect which could pierce through clouds of rhetoric and seise upon the one little central bit of fact or theory over which rival writers or talkers were healing the air. Hays Mr. Arnold HttUltain in his book on Uoldwin Smith:
Numberless Instances spring to my mind of this his faculty of seeing through layers upon layers of misty argument and laying hold of the one small solid fact beneath. Thus wherf the whole economic world was looking on and wondering whether New Zealand TfWî Glasgow Medical Officer of *‘ad really solved the problem of strikes
receiving tihe higher ministrations Health ha* reported that there are whtchVhouid	ratas* uV**ageî^h"
Synthetic milk, containing *ll|of the church	“T*ZS^ay^LtYe% 1ST* To
tilings needful even to bacillus As a regular place of meeting the j tary supervision, at least 6.792 pay. or force an employee to accept » bulgaricus, is the latest product of *ormmn of Cardston have a taber- ca^ea of infectious disease*.	wHh the^hoieu^t.onti
the laboratory' The di Hoover y n<M'»° »eatjng some 1,600 people, in hdmburgh Police Court Tho- paper money and the right and ability
wine* i* expected to be of great in-*U 8PecU1 '*<**'°™ « mas Hy land pleaded guilty to hay g %tum wh,ch"o^T:gUa!% b!K .	^	_	„ ,	, teremt to nuilien ie n nrxx«e«i 0# filled to overflowing. It IftD been mg been drunk in Gr&ssmarkef. It western continent of America. “People
(T»’ '"«maturing a pm* and wfcofe "TTyy * *7** tUe Cardrton wa.-Utod Uu*( out «f the » <Kr £ Z	“u u^r *
JrSlkd»	— »ük of high nutritive ,.lue 1 church, makmg two -parafe orga - U the	be had spent 336 m pn-
pss mi*
‘«rs.... Js	*4-«-	ESSSisr
der y scab hue bt^n discovered. just reached a belt of thick brush-1	and invalids according to I	Let Kid of Them.	-*- reJalMhe^ •fâ^loîidVcu b?né2th“
“Until we are in a position to say wood near the Jkeach when a horde , a "}e^îca’.‘ prescription.	There is no doubt that the human __	e	J the surface of Ufa The world still goes
definitely how many years the dis of savages; armed with trade-guns ' The discovery originated many I race is fast losing it* teeth, hair Ilf)IV fl, Slfk Udlllilll	oStlh an^^istLItinrtMe bM™Met¦
ease may persist in tlie soil, it will and stone clubs, attacked the help- >ear^ as a result of the ingenu- and nails, and that sooner or later	Wheat Harvests of the world,
be found neceasarv to avoid grow- !**• visitors.	lty of a < hinesc, who saw a possib.c mauy other parts of the body which	R AO *1111 lljvi It ll	January—Chiu. Australia, and New
ing potatoes agtuii on any land The mate’s head was battered substitute for milk in thc native man has possessed for ages will be-	lttN l^gUlU II'Hill! ^“,a1nd A,tr^nltehllti,e flnleb,n* up of har-
whioh ha* once shown this disease, from behind, and his companions i drink prepared from the aoya bran, gin to disappear.	- February" and March—Upper Ervnt
“Although thc disease is only were wounded and carried inland I His effort*, however, met with only This fact, however, is no cause READ TH»U VERY Ç>VRBPULLY. !*Sv ^utbrm in^	"	.	%
known to attack tiie underground wi^i the body of the mate	partial «uccees, owing to the fart [ fQr alarm |t is, on (hç wntury. iff. .	,	,	. . . Kay'/ii!' and °Mmico
ctasb X	pa ÜSS-
raked togotiier and burned.	ed aehorc,	accompanied by	two	Western palates -	disagreeable	part of the	body which nature dis-	my face were not only mortifying to	U jund,-£=7h.rn T*AuitrU.
“The implements, containers,	white men	He was received	with	taste. It was left to	a German	cards is a part which we have out	my feelings, but because I thought my	Hungary. Roumania. Huigaria. «crête., used for such a crop should a volley sf abets from the ambuah I chemist to Lay the foundations of grown. The human body can never 8k,n *’ou,d ?ever ]™k n,ce «Win 1	i8oui«he,r^
be disinfected before being taken ^dsava^e*. A desperate running, the present synthetic milk by sug-I be brought to it* highest efficiency fJn.wi * V 1*^'nt’« Th< n £°y a?^tlle the harvest has worked northward, and
to other fields, or used for other	*>«*?"*	«P untillit. parts have been reduced to remedies, p*!?. tonTcs^nd tablet^ Sn^n/Gs.1^	%
purpose*.	n,en w*fl badly wounded the	cap-	of all the ingredient*	of cow s milk	a minimum	and it ie not unde*	tried without permanent benefit. A	i°,wa Th* Pnclflc state®.	Oregon and
“Since no other crop is known	U!D	to retree* *?	vea*	I,n oorroct proportion.	handicap of	having to carry around	visit to my sister put Into my bands	Bouth'^kota^is at* workf the
to be liable to attack, the infected	it ,	w	The fluid, as far as its appearance things like hair and nails, which i B, ^°\ ,Hr. Hamilton's Pills She greatest harvest month of the y
ÎXrXr M sz	^	tea fss SrKSmtPF tlSGanMjSL^S
s svsSSrsFS BxHHfExuFE séytk E ExrrEfE jbSRSS ! ®EahE fr"2r”
wiiid blowing over the surface of ^7 i C	Ifca° A °f ordinary milk. It is said that I our ancestors had to crack cocoa- character of a woman's nature. They fact, this month is the beginning of the
ZZ 3 to.T^eolwïïlïiïïd.th,y wlU 00 ,<,n8er b"	.‘’«a&vf .h, m.
May Eat Polatoca.	I	m---- (from all .u.prirton of being eon The nail, on our fingers and toe.! wrinkled a. when I n girl. Hr Ih/.nUrV h “v	'comfn«Dr*n'"hi
^	,	.	CAUSE AND EFFECT	laminated with “milk borne” dis have long since ceased to be claws. Hamilton's Pills did It all.”	market at one lima
The affected crop is not injured	- eases, like tuberculosis, scarlet fe- The toe nail*, in particular, have , The above straightforward lettrr
it may be definable to add a number |	«till young and j not confer oommi*iona in tor army use of claw».	.	__ fu n'would'*nV* .‘^‘1Wben h' •hould
of pigs to the lire atock kept, if tiw !	Aw I‘kely to overlook the l upon little boys, went one better Although roost of us do not realize '	.	Magyar. Hungarian. Slav. Croat H.
sSr|||
wu,,w ^	‘ThStFI1	- ,;I“ s* -
fflg.iX.y.1* —11 "°1 x «æ*jgxay“*¦	rh,""id' -
- -X*-	_ 2EHH5tî£,ï$^|n.wi.An.!..............
itt«» EH S33Î- S Jfc:
considerable trepidation that Cap
So with the whole Socialists.“
No Other Crop Affected
them for practice


in
the field may catch up quantities of the spores and deposit them on la previously uncontaminated.

Argentina. Thi» country
Someth Lag to Apprehend.
The Bge.l Emperor Francis Josef of Austria Hungary, eighty-four years old. may expire at any time Hie race Is nearly run. What will happen to conglomerate empire when he passes
Vie
hie
German end Pole.
Meat Live Up To ¦?*n6ard
Henry Ford'* foreign-born employee» are finding out that when the Detroit motorcar king practically doubled their wage» by hi» profit-sharing p!«u he did not Intend that all the extra money should go Into the saving banks Many of thees people In their native lands existed In squalid hovels, bare dirty and unwholesome Mr. Ford has served no-
ou, ,.n.o:,T
rnsss » xrul iM.ssiss.'sre: rvSHfcSP-—
tlwm AU that r-maine of Uwm to look out for an intellertual be,h,obe	^
now « four or 8vr join ta. whidi are looking gentleman." detached and movable at rth, and which do not fuse into s single hone until we are about 30 years of age
April Slat, 1014, Hi of T,leee	w«u,d’	fv<Ln
which were granted to Americana. |P€JW\	Vi*** reapectable ha k
¦ | wm	mg tails if they were allowed to
come through the skin.
for news
*
no mnr» nde. American
wage* must mesui American standards
of living
*mnd pntatom#, perhaps snbae
THIS INVESTMENT
qunnl4> uwd lot need, in the
. I A
eléek te Owfi Ip/* ¦ I 11	I I
given by Daandiati Foaturoj 18 t° « "anadnata. 14 to resident* of r. CM Read "The, foreign countries, and 11 to real to WeHvWe,” in pkgt	of Orest Britain and oolo
>-----».	nine. Of the Canadians who re-1 Cynthia
rt * a asw oeived patents, 11 were of Ontario. nem hair1 «TteSr °*	* of Manitoba and 1 of charming
| SaafaatohewM.	'iwt yew/'
now eat âfi
MAS PAID 7% PEP- ANNUM
the Securities of I
"If Ww potatoes are peeled ter I cô W
acxxli.,.

half /early el pieced on the II rears, la vast ment
hi* Corporation were
sen	But!news establish»*
y be withdrawn la part or whole
Full par

booklet gladly
How do you like a
Margie
I had one just like
2
NATIONAL SECURITIES CORPORATION, LIMITED,
sltïz r

If it is intended ho
CO

###PAGE###8###
1
Ready-Made

The Stole Boot and Shoo Store

THE
GEORGIAN BAY CANAL
IS COMING
Ladies, Pumps and Ozfords
?? ?? ??


But wo are here before it with a fresh and up-to-
date stock of
à
I This wvvk wo are showing a* «• in -f plete ami up-to-date a range of Women’s rumps and Oxford* as van
' V



at the right price.	j
In Grey, Brown, Blue, and a variety of other shades made up in latest styles and well trimmed
Thes is not cheap clothing, but is good clothing sold
cheap. The kind that good dressers wear. A man is
judged by the clothes he wears, Buy your clothing from
#
us and you will not be misjudged by the public.

GROCERIES, DRV GOODS, LIGHT HAH DWA R E, PA I NTS, VA RN-ISHES and WALL PAPERS,
L
r
bv seen in any vit y store, anti at
than you pay in tliv city.
/
price* It

\
and General Merchandise.
We have them in ..	..
Patent, Cun Metal, Suede,
Nubuck, Velvet, Canvas, Satin

Prompt and Courteous Attention
Given our Customers.
We also carry a complete range of
Women’s Hosiery.
Come early and have the best choice.
I
E. B. CAYLER • PORTAGE DU FORT.
W#i also sell Special Made to Measure Suits and have a large variety of samples to choose from.
I
I
We are always endeavoring to please and satisfy our customers.
A. E. BOURKE.

THE SEASON IS ON FOR
Tailoring and Cent’s Furnishings
Roofing, Sheeting And all kinds of out door Tin-work.
P. E. SMILEY.
The House of Quality.

A

v:

B

E-timutes of anything in this line cheerfully furnished.
All orders executed with » view to giving satisfaction
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que

PICKING PEBBLES.
Public Notice


Proud day when t hat first pair of •* long pants " is worn, firing the young sterhere and preserve that “expanded ! chest ” and self conscious air for him to see a year or two from now. H. Imison. Pi i : rail Ait M
Judge timiid. and party went into their summer miarter* at Sandy's Lake about 10 days ago on • the usual Spring fishing expedi-' t ion.
A party of our local sports spent a few da vs last week, in the rugged backwoods country trout fishing. and had a pleasant time with fair success.

he best value for youi money in ..
When yon wan
G. W. DALE

The ci» z ns of Slnwvil’o are hereby ( It \s Now a Recognized Industry
respect folly	t rt* d that the I urd	Along Lake Superior.
IL .hh » , I m.ke thur aim i.l lu.pw'ion rebbl<1 picking came into ciletenct about the ti y wetk 1» June, wnd that nearly four years ago when a com accordinyly » «y advised and re- company put into operation a plant queated to have their yard» and pr*>- on the granite pebble beaches of mines ik troughly e’eamd up b» f .re dial j Lake Superior, date By order.

J

SHINGLES
at $1.60 per M> and up
Also Laths. Dry Lumber. Chipboard*, Fleering. End Matched Hardwood Flour-g Muu Id mg*. Dooie, etc.. try
4. F. CAMPBELL.
BOX 4.V»
In the great cement mills of this country part of the process of turning out the flour-like product is the scientific grinding of the burnt mixture of marl and clay. This is done in large, hollow, cylindrical drums, partly filled with hard, smooth, flinty pebbles. The drums are swiftly rotated on their axes, and
The am>enla for tifcnUtfiiice made First ShOOt Of S0&S021 they^%^ wbided* ahouL mlzeTwiLb
Amateur- ! Huy your supplies at home by the Bryson vitizen s relief com-	the burnt cement clinkers, quickly
BEr?Hsi'ÎB1 sir.toTss:"%*iitir. “oal»y> M»725-
Pur trait Artist.	t ion to the amounts mentioned in Flic Radford Rifle Association the plant. The pebbles, to perform
our la*t issue, the City Council of will hold their first shoot of the their functions to the best advan Mise Dabm*, of the Academy Ottawa has voted #1.000. and the staff, >%a* called home on Monday Renfrew Council $200.00 by the serious illness of her father. Shawville council voted $.j0. which Mr. August Dahm* of Thorne l eu- in proportion to its population, tic.	I measures up well. Other grants
are : Quebec	11.000 :
Hon. tico. Hryson $100.00.
s E HUDGINS,
Clothes \ Satisfy
Sec.-Treae.
Shawville. M y 11, 1914
Am prior. < hit.
R. R. A.
m
Local and District
h


% • •••*
m
99
Clothes that Satisfy
<«
X
season at the Somerville Range on tage, must be smooth an I of an Monday. May 2.~ith. All member* adamantine hardness so as to resist arc	respect fully rctpiestcd	to	he	abraision,	for	one quality of good
present.	_	cement Is	the	absence	of impurities
or foreign matter in Its composition. Captain. They must also be able to resist extreme changes of temperature with —	out flying	apart. It is	not essential
e	for	that they	be	nearly	spherical In
shape so long as they have sufficient body or mass. Their size is variable, ranging from that of a small hen's egg to the size of a person’s fist.
For some years after the growth of the Portland cement business In America all pebbles used were Imported from the distant shores of Norway. The flinty granite strata of Norway's bills became advertised ae Me- the formation producing the best cement pebble, and her fiords and Dr. («. beaches soon furnished the world's
The
i- | is the one best phrase we can find tp. describe our Ready-Wear Clothes for Men and Boys. They satisfy the most critical dressers as to style,
a
fit and service, and they satisfy them at a lower cost than any others. No matter how particular you may be as regards correct style, or how exacting you may be concerning fit, or how critical you may be about your clothes withstanding hard and long wear, our clothes will satisfy you better than any other clothes you have ever worn, because we are striving to make SMALL profits to build up a BIG business.
A

i
J. STEWART,
V
The Ottawa Citizen places the Jow* from the recent Bryson five at $125.000. From this it would «eein that property has gone tip since the assessors last made their rounds in the county town.
/
i


Outline of Progra Teachers* Convention, Quebec, October. 8, 9, 10, 1914.
IIIM
BASE BALL
The popular game of baseball,
which has «ornewhat languished in	m
tendance of all n.te. e-te.1	;	A. Howard	W Parmelee, of Quebec ; Dr. V. W. I,apply.
is»
s* EmE, —¦
inconvmlent for all toat.eu.i	"jÏÏrŒSfÆ "«£*.>	«",
The new Methodist church at Portage du Fort and Campbell* A maham, and other places m imf&ctory resu 11»¦¦¦HSSIfll Y arm is well advanced towards Bay, asking them to send delegates “ïf. .r ~	roast pebble picking has been carried
completion, although but a short to a meeting for the purpose of |Npenccrwood, Loretta, I on for FOme years past, but only to time has elapsed since work com- forming such league, to be held at i Anne <le B« aupre, etc.	* small extent, and few other than
inenced. The building is of frame the Pontiac House, on Monday, . *h‘Ad<piat ter*, lai lmment Build- the local mills are furnished from construction. and will Ik* veneered May lltli.	I !ngs, Qwtber ( ity.	that source.
with brick. The interior sheeting It was resolved that the dele-	Isabel E. Bum aim, M. A., Five years ago a number of Port
is of beaver board. Mr. Kd. Fiuni- gates representing Shawville at	Seci-etaiy. Arthur men interested themselves in
gan is executing the carpenter *uch league mts ig should be — -	---------- ti problem, and they prespected ne
work, and the roofing has been pot1 H. ». Hocfgine and Thoms» Shore.	¦» u	w — .ma	bearhe. of the north shore of Lake for the price. Your dollars go furthest here.
on by Mr. O. E. Wninnmn. the !	--- I ¦	mà zM ^	Su^r'or 0b lbe pebble beacbee 1
«•hiirvh ii situnted on the Wth line. In pun-twnce of the above, the I	"!*r	.	lh,. fonnd . Dr-
x„ .. School	-f,; W.Ï UPHOMPTLY SECURHOj
while driving along the road l>e- Bristol.	|	I were picked by hand. In the mills
tween Shawville and Radford. No On motion a league was formed	" 1	where they were tried as an experl
one saw the accident but it is sup- under the title of the Pontiac Base- !	All Going To Farms T	ment they stood the teat. They composed the horse shied at something	ball League, with U A. Howard.	The Immigration figures for tbs	pared very favorably with the	best
and tilted the buggy thus throw-	President, and H. 8. Harnett, Sec.-	month of March show that 3,818	imported ones, and proved even	bet-
ing	its occupant out.	When found	Ti easurer.	Britishers came to Ontario during	ter In some cases, for In one of the
by	Mr.	C.	Caldwell	Mr.	Richard-	Further resolutions were	then |	that month, making a total of 5.408	cement making processes, known as
son was unconscious, a condition	promised and carried, relating to f	for the first three months of the year,	,he "weC" lbe Canadian pebbles
he was still in when conveyed	the selection of umpires, league	or about 1,200 lesa than for the same	withstood the treatment, while	me
home. The injurie* he sustained fee*, qualification of players, etip period last year.	Norway imports flew to Pieces
---------------CSS&ajur.^sSSS'HSS fêljSSSS
was arranged 2-	| would mean that more than 60,009 from 0DDoetilon the company get
^haw viHe at Portage	newcomers from the British Isles will	I M	<jownto engage In more extern Nothing tOO small.
in-L°rtfSe *to?rlMt<d,	make	their appearance in	Ontario	ltve	operations. Hand'picking wan |	B
''I a( Shawville	this year	superseded by a st
20-	Portage at Shawville	!	Of the 6,400 British immigrant#	sting on rails along the beach The
July 1- Bristol at Portage	,	who have come to the province this	staff of employes and the laboring
10-Shawville at Portage	year. Mr. Birmingham says	that al	| crew were doubled. To-day a	com
17 Shawville at Bristol	most without exception they	bad been	pletely equipped camp,	with an	alec
44	24 - Portage at Bri*tol	placed with the farmers of	the pro-	trie lighting plant and	pumping sta
41	31 —Bristol at Shawville	vlnce.	None bad remained	la Tn-	j tloa,	accommodations for a crew of
Aug.	7— Portage at Shawville	ronto.	To this be could add	that a#	over	one hundred men, a railron.i
__44	14—Shawville at Bristol far aa was known not one of these | siding and a leading wharf, srida to
21—	Bristol st Portage, . new arrivals was out of employment Ith* natural surroundings of ins


$t

1
<


J
y
On the Pacific
>
<


-


I
The difference is not in the prices, but in what you get
*
«
i
x
the Canadian Pacific Railway
Suits from $8.00 to $20.
<
1 i

h
KIZELL & DOVER
THE HOME OP
j Good Clothing
P. 8 —We take Farm Produce same as Cash:



t
I
V
<J

t
1
MONUMENTS !
h
A
tl
Before purchasing your Monument consult the
Third F Co. Can. Engineers

e
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Order*-Pontiac Sk<tion. Parades
Wednesday, May 20, 8.30, p. in.— Regimental drill at Shawville rink.
Saturday, May £<. 6 •. \> m.-
Muster near Power House and proceed to railway «talion to meet O. C. officer* and men from Ottawa.
Sunday, May 24, 10.15-Church parade from Shawville rink.
J. Stewart,
Lieut. 3 F. Co. C. E.
ù
Nothing too large.
n
b

U
*bovH. ©per-

n
O


T. SHORE
Prop.
»

u

All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.



er

