###PAGE###1###
O
No. 10, 32nd Y bar.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUG
27, 1014
01.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

»
The Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank
THE HARDWARE STORE I
Vinegar ! Vinegar !
Of Canada.
ESTABLISHED 1804
ESTABLISHED 1874
Paid Up Capital
$4,000,000
4,760,000
Rest
Paid up Capital $7,000,000 Total Assets over Elghty-three Millions of Dollars.
Reserve Fund $7,000,000
r
If you ôpen an account in the
President — Sir. H. Moxtauvb A man Vice-Pre». — K. W, Blackwell
Savings Bank Department
Just received our usuali supply of Heinzs* Celebrated Vinegars
None Better.
Pickling Spices,
Fruit Jars,
Rubber Jar Rings, Parowax.
Get busy and make your Pickles. Never mind the war.
<ien. Manager — E. F. Hehdex
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank Account
and make a practice of at once depositing any monies you may receive, your savings will increase and your idle capital will be earning interest.
May be unrated ns » Joint A cot. Incurs no expense nor formality N a mo*t decided business asset Insures money for investment.
¦
1
Shawvllle Branch) Quyon Branch j
F. C. SMYTH, MANAGER.
Fort Coulonge Branch Campbells Bay Branch - R. LEGER, Manager. Portage da Fort Branch . A. H. MULHERN, Manager
B. F. CHILTON, Manager
More than
HENRY’S
The Exhibition at Shawvllle will l>e on September 21st, 22nd and 23rd.
If you want a view of your built lings stock, etc., I am prcptred to till your n «purement». Siieciul price* on applies tion.	H. I mi.son, Arti*t._
students from the 'IGOWLINC /)/)
The Austin Homemaker* club will meet at the home ot Mitt Win. Burton on September 1st. Elec tion of officers. Programme Music, Roll Call, Helpful hints.
The family of Mr. H. T, McDowell entertained a number of their neighbors and friends on Thursday evening last. Those present congregated on the lawn and were served to ice erenm and cake.
A lawn social will be held on Tuesday, September 1st, in front of the Presbyterian Church at Lower Litchfield vided from 5 p. ni and 15 cents. Music, games etc. will be a strong feature of the social. Come early.
Ottawa, Ont.
PERSONAL MENTION
On the Civil Service Examinations for November, 1W13. our stenographers and
Mrs. Geo. Hodgios was the guest I Ottawa.ont.	I Z'd,dateur" th,h< wtol. C^Vd'a!
Of Mrs. Seaman, at otter Lake for Received appointments in the Civil Ser- ‘«Paring the first, second, and fourth a tew (lays last week.	vice during the year 1013. This Is the pIî£es jt r
Mi- Wilson, of Msnot.ck, Ont., I ^	°'	"""	mIhod""Z'c,±	,
lull ivrm Opens Sept 1,	strong staff of teachers who know what f$r
Write for full particulars to	Ito le?(h« aH having been practical ate no 1 ^
W. E. COWLING. President. I *Wpher*- Send '"r circular.
Ottawa.	I	I). E. HENRY, Prkhidext.
Bank and Sparks St<
J. H. SHAW.
•«pent a week here visiting at Mrs T. Shore *.
fi
..
—
—
Misse* Laura Woodley and Iva C. Cowan, are visiting Mr. Joseph Bennett at River Desert.
Mrs. Findlay, of Vancouver, is |	1
present visiting her sister. Mrs
T. McDowell Mr. F. Wall
W. A. HODGINS
Supper proAdmission 25, d
WANTED
X go<d strong general servant, to under inst ruct ions from housekeeper.
Braes id v, Ont
at
WILLIS COLLEGE
Mrs. James («ilueh,
and wife of Milwaukee, visited Mr. and Mrs. 11ans Sliadel last week.
Canada’s Premier Commercial
School
The Homemaker»' Club, Bristol Miw Miiy Hammond of H. On*! ¦	. u. ¦ ¦	¦ .
imd Clarendon, will meet nt low, is visiting her aunt Mrs	l'}lt "" ,mtl1 to-morrow what
Bristol Corners in the hall oil George Hudgins	>’,,u <NUI do to-day. How often have
Mr». J. Beamish and Miss Ina While assisting her husband to ' Armstrong are at present in Mont remove a load of grain from tla real attending the millinery open-barn last Friday morning, Mrs. ing.
\\ m. (i. McDowell suffered the Mr. Jack Argue went to Ottawa We, the undersigned merchants and misfortune of having a leg broken last week to take hi» place in the traders, having found the early closing aoove t he ankle. The team was Govt. Library during the late movement to work so satisfactorily
if illli Ülfes ÜpISS
team, and they ran off, and in Mm. Robert Hobbs, who has Home unaccountable way Mrs. *>eel} visiting here for several McDowell fell under the waggon weeks, returned to the city on and a wheel passed over her leg Monday.
causing the fracture. Otherwise Mr. W. J. Dagg was a delegate she was uninjured, and is doing as from Shaw ville Lodge I. O.O. F. at
well as can be expevmi.	the «rand Lxnlge meeting held in „ William J Wood* nf „FOR 8ALB-A beaetlful Rot.I Jewel
mssæài @sa=ff-i
Ç33S5S £S5SS
Mr. Manson McDowell returned thus Mr. Woods who was standing from Chapeau on Friday last, in front of the table, got caught in where he lms been engaged during the guards of the machine, and the F>a*t few weeks in making tile had his legs bruised and cut in a for the corporation of that place, manner that will incapacitate him Mrs. W. 8. Smith and daughter from work for sometime.
Miss Ethel. Carthage, New York, iicy, I who have been visiting dim I in this section for
turned home on Tuesday
.SHAWVILLE
Now i* tlie Time to Enter This Prosperous School.
modern studio and equipment makes! Willis College, like any other business photography a pleasure to all.	institution, is open the year round, so
II Im.svn, Arte*. I tw.“thÔÎ.t1nu?ruptloTPll‘te ^ """"
Pie pa re for Civil Service Prepare for Business.
Willis College prepares more students for business life and for Civil Service than any other college in Eastern Ontario, because Willis Graduates are ‘in demand.
Willis Graduates Stand the Working Test.
maker
Threshing Time
Early Closing Agreement
N. I. HARRISON, Principal. WILLIS COLLEGE, 102 Bank Street
Cor. Albert St
Get your Supplies from us
Our Crockery Dept, is well supplied with necessary goods. In Heavy Whitewear we have a good stock of
Cups and Saucers,
Plates, all sizes,
Platters, Covered Dishes etc. at right prices.
even
OTTAWA, ONT.
O.	F. Hudgins Co., W. A. Hudgins,
P.	E. Smiley,
A. Dover,
J. H. Shaw, Geo. W. Dale, John L H origins, C. W. Hudgins Shawville, Aug. 14, 1914.
FOUND—On Main Street, Shawville Sunday morning, a lady’s black suit coat To be had at this office.
A couple of weeks ago Home uneasiness was caused in Ottawa by the report that an ninth ip had been aeen in the neighborhood of Brittania Bay, and that one was seen a few nights later passing! over Hartwells Locks, by the lock men. This one. it is averred, had a searchlight. About the name date—to be exact, on Sunday night, 16th—a reputable resident of Clarendon, who lives a short distance south of Shawville, nays he saw a light crossing the sk between 8 and 10 q clock, and tinctly heard the noise of an engine, resembling that of a motor boat. Possibly it was the same machine heard at Hartwell’s locks, making a bee-line for Petewawe.
FOR SALE—House and Lot (No. 55) well situated on Main St., Shawville. For particular* apply at 243 Frank Street Ottawa. Ont.
FOR SALE -One mare, 5 year* old ; one mare. 9 years old ; one foal. S months old Apply to Alex. Seaman, Yarm.
Posters are out announcing that the " Pontiac Central School Fair " is to be held at the Shaw-
u . .	,	.ville exhibition grounds on Friday,
Mr. Andrew Sly, who has been Sept. 11. This Fair-the first of suffering from an ailment re- the kind to be held in Pontiac-sembling sciatica since early last I will be under the direction of winter, and whose condition of I Macdonald College Demonstration late has been rather more serious, Branch, located here. Prepara-went to the hospital last week for tion for this event has been going treatment.	on all summer among pupils of the
Mobilization of the different Mr. Charles Tucker, local agent var1i?l,f «‘hools of the District, units of the Overseas Contingent of the C. P. R accompanied by M” it i* expected it will be of a at Landsdown Park, Ottawa has his wife and family left last week interesting character. There given opportunity for those pesai- on his annual vacation. Mr. Wli-,,	™ charge for entering
mistically inclined to promote a j Smith is relieving agent during exhibits, and the admission to rumor that the big Central Canada his absence.	ground* will also be free. These
Exhibition billed to take place Mr. T. E. Hodgins and family inducements should ensure both a September 11th to 19th was to be are leaving for Ottawa on Sept. I!ir*e exhibit and a good atten-onopelled.	1st and have a range, stoves and	'
The Directors of the Ottawa Ex	some furniture they would like to
hibition Association wishi to state	dispose of before that date.	The funeral of the late William
most emphatically that the	Articles will be sold cheap.	J. Fades, of	Campbells Bay
< entrai ( fliiatla Hair im an annual	 ___ whose sudden	death at Calgarv
event under no consjderation to	was reported in our last issue—meat shop, com pricing 2 «hop*
be called off. Even if the entire	1 have some good photograph*	of the	took place at	noon on Tuesday	In*	hou**.	One	,.f the	£•«.
country i* in a *tatc of seige the	Orange Lodge* taken at Greer	Mount	the lath instant, from the late	"landsin town.	Good bargain to a cash
Hair will be held this year upon	and North Onslow. Size of photo Hx 10	i home of the deceased, the remains huyer. W. J,.Haves. Shawvlll#^^^^^
the date* a* advertised.	inches. Sgwcial at AOr. each. Allow 6	having reached Campbell* Bay on
pppp“~-?==- emms
in tlie pre|siration of defence for The regular monthly meeting of also of the Orange Society. Both So* Shawville Que the country, with the understand- the	Homemakers Club will be	j of these organisations took part in
ing strongly stipulated that by held	at the home of Mrs. Thos.	the funeral rites, the final sad ami
September 1st every inch of space Graham, Friday, Sept. 4, at hall , impressive scene	at the grave
now occupied la to be vacated se past two .Miss V. Campbell, of 'being enacted by	the triple-link
as to allow full preparations for Macdonald College, will demon fraternity, tlie b!g fa|r to lie made ami that strate on the proper method of j Tbeeorte will positively be held this year. dressing fowl.	remains to
Partie* residing outside Ottawa	8t Phill's church about 8 o’clock
wishing to take *rivantage of the Major McKenna, of the C F. K.,! and was of such large proportions cheap ticket (six for one dollar) was here last week and purchased that quite a number were unable,. .	,	. e
inay be accommodated by sending ten	horses for the Canadian	to gain admittance to the c hurch.	ku"."	-v
in their order enclosing the amount military force which is now a*-	The set vice was conducted by the If"®?	«'Pl'V1* ni*U had ev.ry artivn>
by mail. All communications sembling at Talesrt 1er, Que., pre-1 Rector, the Rev. J	J 8. Seaman,	11,1 tb<* worW	$eee instantly	r i»	I
•f’Vi , p ind reseed to Mr. K. para tory to embarking for Eng- who gave a most touching address.	Agent*	*cnd	I.V.,	m*t	mailing outfit
McMahon, Central l anacja Ex land uext month. The animal* well befitting the solemn occasion, KetaiUll.no. Rig commission*, h i In tion Office*, 26 Sparks Street, wer* shipped on Saturday in and one which made a deep im-	Home Pi fusiuxu Hovse.
IHNIWS, On».	I charge of Lieut Thexton.	1 pression upon the congregation. j	Box 94, 8t. John, X. B.
In spite of tariff and war advances our Grocery prices are only affected in a few lines. You can always rely on getting your supplies from us at lowest possible prices.
relatives some weeks, re-
FOR SA LE. — Registered Ayrshire Bull, 3 years old. (Roy of Elmvale. 3H043). Apply to James Smith. North Clarendon.
FOR SALE Desirable property on King Street, Shawvllle. Commodious brick dwelling house, with necessary outbuildings. Two lots. For full particul ars and terms apply to A. E. Pomil-
Otta
Exhibit:
white, Shawville
FOR SALE -One first class, practically new single buggy, fitted with rubber tires and electric lamps—a stylish rig. Also a good carriage horse, sound and gentle. J. H. Shaw.
We have a good Stock of
Towellings Overalls Table Linens Shirts Oilcloths at the old regular prices
FOR SALE—5-Horse Power Stlckney Engine. Only run a short time, and Is in flrst-cla*» condition. Apply at Shawville Marble Works,
Shirtings
FOR SALK—The corner lot on Main street, ShaWTille. known as the Shawville
and dwell
t business
Ladles’ Fall Jackets
Our first showing of New Coats are now on display—New Styles—Nobby Materials— and are well worthy of your inspection. See them.
Horrors of War.
What U the war about f Few know or understand. Our Book M The Nations of Kümpe, gives the causes avid issues of the greatest of all wars, magnificently illustrated. EveryLdy wants
‘omiiivrvv, fin
g<\ which followed the Shawvllle, arrived at
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
BRITAIN'S WAR ON GERMANY
m#
M
READ THE LABEL
ALLIANCES NECESSARY TO NATION’S SAFETY.
PRICED BAKING POWDER CANADA THAT DOES
meoium-
madc IN CONTAIN
M'rWivx::
Britain lias Direct Interest in Preserving Independence of Belgium.
In an analysis of the interests and duty of Great Britain in the present situation. The London Times, prior to Britain's declaration of war on Germany, says :
One question is to-day on all lips : j What course shall England pursue I should a general European war break out l Prejudice, passion, or | ignorance of the fundamental conditions of our national freedom inspire divergent answers. It is therefore necessary to consider in the cold light of historical fact and of reason the actual terms of the I problem before making up our minds as to the course to be pursued.	I
At moments of supreme peril nations, like individuals, are best guided by the impulse that is strongest in human beings—the instinct of self preservation. It is well that this should be so; for none but interests instinctively recognized as vital can carry a people through a life and-death struggle.
Dangers of Isolation.
not
S7‘
alum and which
ON
I
magic baking powder
CONTAINS NO ALUM

I
ALUM IS SOMETIMES REFERRED TO AS SULPHATE OF ALUMINA OR IODIC ALUMIN SULPHATE. THE PUBLIC SHOULD NOT (I MISLED BY THESE TECHNICAL NAMES.
-i

1
I c
BE

Nr

E. W. GÏLLETT COMPANY LIMITED
TORONTO, ONT.
WINNIPEG
MONTREAL
C^aÎn^ÎoT



BEI SfHüASIIY IN BUTES
He escaped from beleaguered Paris in a balloon/and attempted to raise more troops in tlie south of France. But this dramatic deed was vain, and by the last of January, 1871, Paris was at the point o( starvation, and was forced to capiv tulate,
The amazing exactions of the vic-J August Second Famous in History |tori< us Germans, in the huge Jn-<
dcranity they required, and their annexation of Alsace-Lorraine,! have never been forgotten by
Born in the blaze of battle 441 * rnncv years ago, two great nations,
F fan ami GknMBjr, an* t-. <la\ |
repeating with uncaiinv similarity! MMTALVS MOTOR ARTILLERY*

<¦ FRM A > Y REPEATS TACTICS
OF LAST WAR.
Trivial Incident Precipitated
\nto I'm^kc l svd in Mobilizing the Hii»dnn 1 riny.	—
Hostilities
The first principle of all British	WM--------- ,
&&r&B	BRITAIN’S GREAT N«pMU£g»
ness of this simple fact has in the	Hri,.lin.„ .... ...	  bj'.,hte	hiatoi-y of the next ton years, s- w‘t*> » fierce fight between tier
past had disastrous consequences.	’	''"‘‘rest.	1 which culminated in the red slaugh |nan and French troops at Saar-
Without reverting to the war of , A v,tal British interest is there- FOUGHT AGAINST THE G EH- rfr °f Oindurman, and the final dia-1 brueclc-not eighty miles from Lon-,.,	_	.	.
»»» o^b
...
the position held bv Great Britain dependence of Holland, and par Kitchener, the Silent er w‘,rk f°r Kitchener in another In 1870, just as to-day, there were "n<J ”m|m“nll,®n w**on* behind St the end of the South African ^eulsrly Belgium. The Franco	«...	quarter of the name great conti- jJiree chief pointe where the big	'' ^ur,n/>c*r* *"d "1sde *
The policy of the late Lord German frontier along the Vosges	h.?1' October 1899, we were German armies crossed the French	Without a sin-
Salisbury has been one of "eplen- has been so formidably fortifié on If military tradition be true, the ' km,8 ab°ut the British army eat-; border. The Germans, in fact. are	' “it} *\ baM.e7, fccomP1**h;
did isolation.” When disaster bvth J'des that a German or a ! present is not the first time that ! "fj lts Christmas dinner in Pre- f "<>” repeating the tactics of their_^V%	teT*
were without a friend on the Con Probable. The point of contact be- pointed Secretary of State for War 8<J,ler® of war The Black Week victory followed German victory | ü.üif.1î°.f°Ur *”* tinent and were only saved from twern the German and French in the war against Germany and	tWO	monlh3 afterwards, and with terrible rapidity, and as a re	th!	wo,r,d " reattack by a European coalition be armies would probably lie in or Austria, has fought on the side of kitchener was sent out as chief 0f suit came the formation of the Ger-	for the ^vement of heavy
cause the Emperor of Kuasia de- near	But a German ad- the French against the Germans » e/ f? j11 ! *X)r<* ^berta. How , Empire, with King William of	!	JJ Tj
dined to sanction such a policy. va“7 trough Belgium into the .The story goes that when he was a _ Ani^ War how he ar- Prussia as Emperor. And the eue	k Jîï may b*
and because the question of Alsace north of F rance might enable Ger- cadet at the Koval Military Ügu 'ï* 1 eiice of Vereemging, cfsaive defeats of Napoleon III. of .• ng the fact that the ammum Lorraine, formed an insuperable man*v to acquire possession of Ant- Academy at Woolwich the Franco*-	he car"c	to be made France culminated in hie capture ; # ” , î°“,	. U> ,	* a r^°u
obstacles to military and naval co-1 .we[p’ 1 i,Ushln«® and even of Dun- Prussian War of 1870 broke out, f, Vl8Cuunt an<j	receive the | downfall, and the establishment ILÎLnnKû^1	*** P,°kkUjil
operation against us by Germany kl,k aiui Calais, which might then and the young soldier, anxious to ,anks A grateful country—are | the French republic.	th«p	' *•	cached
Msr n	»>- ..- SSHSÏ
illil
Ê u rope!"nnd"the*permanent df " b 1 *”  *  ' 1 When Lord Kitchener received K*«r,ordinary PcnMinnl Force. brurck. on August «'.’"in* w‘hich“t*hc
S-iP ül	g ssggjgs p5sg|
SaSSrsS sEmtCS s:=™ P	ïîwS S-SS a=™EE
samm	mWt## ###
remain neutral and to counter «' the centre and four corners wbcn th**^oubla* *,ü' Arajii broke cur no suspicion of favonti.m der the command of Marshal Ba „**; many of whom are immi
L.Iarxr German supremacy. They P"T inipr,,’*on' "ere made in or H	* ***.	b"	In hi# speech he i. laconic to a	who> *,t#r » daring attempt »r,nt* ,rtiD1	,
UTuSr	^ %%%%%% s'-ssss*'^afApssjsjsjt*'
SEISME mmmmm §mm
zzzzga iHi8f;|Sai sa—=- &sm$à '"ee8 “
pæHrE	EHr EEEEiiFifzê gsî^ttsiz EkHt:Hi &F ^
tesai-K:-; r^.% r; n ^
forces on the continent be upwt to | the metal	b, succeeded- how he put heart in
Covered 116.5 Miles In Nine and a
Half Hours.
Acting on the assumption that a hostile* force had raided the Ka*t
war
3
and France
“Splendid Isolation.*'
The policy of “splendid isolation became a military and political impossibility, unless we were prepared go to strengthen our Army and our Navy as to be able to defy any attack or combination of at-
The two nations thus formed
up


GO TO JERUSALEM TO DIE.
T *

in this sec

interest. France, who is
S< no* men do not think they are '>em* treated right unless you aay to them ; What are you going to haver
states
I want you to feel perfect- I Gambette put aeronautics, which
growled ere playing so striking a part in the Johnny. “I don’t want to Iee4 at I present strife, to the first home 1 want to have a good time
Many s
an who knows just what he would do in the other fellow’s place never succeeds in doing the right thing in his own place.
H’m
MMtaag
ful use in war

###PAGE###3###
excuses either 1 If Welmont’s not back, I’ll wait 1"
His face was flushed, and his eye* bloodshot. His wife trembled a little as she regarded him.
“Henry,” she pleaded desperately, "you won't leave me alone ? I'm not myself. I'm nervous. Stop with me, Henry. I want you here.”
He muttered below his breath, but finally swung round again.
"To-morrow, then !" he declared gruffly. "I'll wait till to-morrow !”
Next morning the child’s condition was unchanged. Henry Barnet would not have gone to his work, but his wife reminded hiiif that he could not afford to lose a day 's pay. She promised to send for him, if necessary.
By the evening they were both worn out with anxiety.
“There’s nothing to be done, Henry. Sit down and smoke your pipe, won’t you?"
"I can’t !” he flashed.
“Better stay quiet than walk up and down like that.”
"How should I rest a minute when I’m out of my mind almost about the boy 1 Talk sense, Emily!"
She drew back, with quivering
then dipped in fine cornmeal and plunged into boiling fat.
A teaspoonful of dry muKtard rubbed into the hands, after preparing onions or fish, will remove the odor completely. It should be rubbed in as if it were soap.
A piece of art gum will clean Carrots Creamed in a New Way. white leather girdles. A gentle —Take eight carrots, scrape and rubbing will remove all spots that boil them for ten minutes in salted come from rubbing against objects water, a dessertspoonful of salt to in the hand or on the outside, every quart of water, and strain A thin coat of potash left on the them. Cut the carrots in rather sink over night once a week will rethin slices, put them in a stew pan move the ugly stains that will not with two ounces of butter, half a yield to kerosene. It should tie ap-gill of water, pepper and salt. Put plied with care, as it is poisonous, the cover on the pan, and let the Soiled and finger-marked birds* mixture simmer for twenty minutes, eye maple can be cleaned by washshaking the pan occasionally to in- in* with a soft rag and lukewarm sure even cooking. When the car- ! water to which a little kerosene rots are tender, add the yolk of one has been added. Hub dry quickly egg and half a gill of cream, beat and polish with a soft cloth, en together ; also half a teaspoonful Most people do not realize that a of chopped parsley. Stir the mixture over the fire until it is thick, but do not boil it after the cream is added
Date Pmilling.— Sax slices of buttered stale bread, two eggs, 1-3 tea spoonful of salt, two cups of atoned chopped dates, 1% cup of milk, grated rind of % lemon, lemon sauce. Remove the crusts of bread, and cut the slices into dice ; place a layer of these in a greased pudding dish, then a layer of dates, then more bread and so on until all are
chauffeur seized him. In a dazed fashion ho realized that he was facing Welmonfc and his wife, who were seated in the grey car.
“Who is it, Crickner?”
“A fellow named Barnet, I believe, sir."
cloves, and salt. Add one teaspoonful of soda mixed with one tea spoonful of boiling water, and three and one-half cupfuls of flour. Pinch off small pieces, the size of an English walnut, roll them in sugar, and bake them in a quick oven. They will keep a long time- if locked up.
HOME
The Crey Car
' What's the matter ?" demanded Henry Barnet jerkily.
His wife, pale and agitated, had met him in the cottage doorway. She rested her hands on his shoulders.
“Oh, yes, of course ! I recognize him now.” Mr. We I mo n t turned. “What are you doing here ?
Henry Barnet, taken at a disad
struggled for speech
Pickling Time.
I fcn.sils for Pickles.—Do not
cheap earthen crocks for cucumber pickles. The vinegar eats into the
ilame ! Illllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
which lead and other poisonous minerals are used. The wooden cask or the glass jar should be used. A recent test with the best of vinegar combined with the cellulose of raspberries so as to form a thick
,,f lllllllllllllïjllllllllllllll
it would eat through very heavy white enamel
blanket was much reduced in thick ness it dried into a thick and tough paper. Vinegar is strong stuff.
Pickled Horseradish.—{j}rate the
horseradish, put in 'bottles, and cover with vinegar to each pint of which has been added one teaspoon of salt and one tablespoon of sugar.
Easy Cucumber Pickles.—To
gallon of vinegar add one cup of salt, one of mustard, and one of sugar. Wash medium sized cucumbers, never the small gherkins, and throw into this mixture. No cooking is required, and the pickles will keep w ithout sealing for a year ;.
but the addition of a horseradish used’ having bread for the last lay root will improve them and add to er and Pitting a little of the grated their keeping qualities. This pickle £m,on rin<J between each layer has various names. It is sometimes Make a custard with the eggs and called "lazy wife pickle." Leaving milk, add the salt and pour over the out the sugar and horseradish, it U bread and fruit. Let the pudding called "mustard pickle" by humble stand half an hour, then bake in a	.
people who have not porcelain ket-	8erve hot wlth a Don’t forget that a man who ham
for'	rick". C°	New ronmerrea to go With taated kieses does not appreciate
olov, or „o, il you »'«“">•»	•» ««¦> >« »	lh., . m.n .ho.
the water has run from the fruit, and continue your own chocolates.
Don t forget that if you make his house his home he’ll stay there. The epotlessly-clean house is not always the sweetest of sweet homes.
Never forget that where one won’t quarrel, two can't. Compete to be the one.
9 9
use
vantage, wrenching himself free
in the manufacture of
“It isn’t—isn't anything wrong with tin* buy, Emilyt
She bent her head. | H H “If only I could say ‘No’! But Jack s been hurt— knocked down in the road, poor little chap ! ’
“Emily !"
He gripped her wrist.
“I sent for the doctor. He's here
“I came to—to see if anyone was about, sir, I ause
He broke off. The glowing match, falling on some oily cotton-waste, had ignited the rags, which were smouldering. He stamped upon them.
“Not quite out yet ! I happened to be walking along th croad, sir, a few minutes ago, and I thought I smelt something burning, so I—I got over the rails--"
Mr. Wei mont was regarding him with a disconcerting stare.
"Well, never mind about that just now. 1 should get off home if I were you. Your wife wants you. She has some news
Henry Barnet strove to put a question, but the words would not come.
“Good news. Your boy will recover. It’s only a matter of time. We’ve just called and I. Yesterday we heard about his accident.”
"Emily came here
“Exactly. It wasn’t this car of mine that injured the lad, I‘m pleased to say, although my man,
Crick ne r--”
wouldn’t he give a straight answer, then ?”
Mr. Welmont paused. The chauffeur was busy in the garage.
"Crickner, we found, had been using it while we were away to give some of his own friends a ride ; so he leaves my service at the end of the week
"Wasn’t—your—car, sir?” Henry Barnet blurted.
"No, no, not mine. It must have been one belonging to some strangers. I intend to offer a reward to anyone who can trace it. However, I was going to speak of another matter. We’d engaged one of the cleverest doctors to visit our youngest daughter. She’s very ill— away at a hospital."
In embarrassment Barnet wait-
»9

mother ’ showed that
t
iron. After the
on
now
Henry Barnet drew a quick breath.
“And what does he say?”
“The cut on the head’s the worst part. That's—-dangerous !”
“How did it happen?”
“It seems they were walking along past Garrick’s farm, Jack and little Rosie Webber, and a big motor-car came round the bend all of a sudden on the wrong side of the road. Rosie was by the hedge; she wasn’t touched.
Jack
Her voice broke.
"Ah, a motorcar! Did they bring him back in it?”
"You’ll hardly believe this, Henry ; but—they just went straight on!”
A spot of red showed on his cheeks.
"Never even stopped to see what they'd done?” he demanded incredulously.
"No. I do think it's shameful 1"
"People like that ought to go to ! If only I could lay my
"H’sh, Henry 1 You might dis
üæiHiP
wa	Yes; he must get his revenge on
color	Wehnont.
Igfeiffif
mont, then	knew	He and Dr. Trape—they exam
-One can t be gure, Henry, re- wh^ hf ^tended to do must be iDe<1 y°ur 8011 J3»”’* wor7 any member.	done in secret	more, Barnet. He 11 get well.
ISltS IMli
¦jp
tor cars ; and, if there’s any acci dent, it’s all our fault for not keeping our children off the road !
Suddenly he rose.
"I’m off—straight up to the house to talk to Welmont! That his grey car! No; and I won’t keep quiet, Emily 1 Nothing’ll make I'll stand up to him, never I'm not afraid. He s got to prove that he wasn’t driving over
In this direction. I’ll tell him-
"You’re angry, Henry, pleaded Mrs. Barnet anxiously. You’d
stocking that is too tight is almost as bad for the foot as a shoe too small. Its most common effects are ingrowing toe-nails and enlargement of the big toe joint. Care should be taken that stockings be long enough. A foot 10 2 3 inches long and 3 3 4 inches wide cannot wear a stocking under size 11 without inducing a tendency to the above-mentioned complaints and to crumpling of the toes.
one
9 9
lips
"There, there speak so sharp thinking about Jack upstairs, while those Welmonts have got off scot-free
I didn’t mean to But, what with
But our
II
there, my wife
"Bon’Is” For Wives.
11
“I know, dear—I know,” returned his wife brokenly. "Doctor says there’ll have to be an operation, maybe."
"How are we to pay, then?”
"There’s things we can sell, perhaps, if the worst comes to the worst.”
Presently he sank into a chair, watching his wife ironing at the table; but even then he stirred apprehensively at frequent interval*. Finally, he covered his face with his hands, thinking.
The boy was in serious danger. Welmont, who was responsible,
Don’t forget that cookery is not subject to the law of experiment— on husbands.
Don't forget that fine dresses can only come from a fine salary.
Ikin't let your tidiness become a
11
Why,
4 4
prison
hand»
9 9
I 9
Rosie Webber nays it was a grey
use. Green peppers, pierced, seasoned with salt, are	treated	the	_	.	,
same way and ready as	soon	or	they	Add	three ounces	of preserved gin-
may be stuffed. Green tomatoes *er »«>U> fine pieces and the juice are treated the same as green pep- one *em"n. wlth the grated peel, pers. Onions, garlic, cooked vege- grated well into the white inner tables like carrot, etc.,	are	treated I »kln	Cook the mixture	until	it be-
in the same way.	*lns	thicken,	and	add	four
Uncooked Chili Saure.—Twelve pounds of granulated sugar. Con-ripe tomatoes, six onions, six small tinue foiling the mass until it is peppers, one-third ot a cup of salt very thick, stirring it continually or less may do, and be better for keep it from burning Pour it the eaters, especially if the sauce	glasses, and when cool, cover
is not to be kept for months, one |th* *!asses wlth Paraffin, cup of sugar, two cups of the best genuine cider vinegar. Peel and chop fine the tomatoes, onions and peppers, and add to them the seasonings, mixing well. Sterilize the bottles and fill them when cold.
This will keep well in a cold place in bottles with tight stoppers. It is a very agreeable sauce, or even a relish, and will do nicely to mix with mayonnaise dressing for the Thousand Island salad dressing, or what is sometimes called cardinal mayonnaise or Portugaise, etc.
ed
ROYAL LETTER FOR SALE.
How Did This Royal Communication Come Into the Market ?

Some curious literary relics come into the hands of second hand book-dealers. For instance, one well-known English dealer in autographs is offering for sale a letter from Queen Victoria to her uncle, in which she speaks in high praise of her married life, and hopes that her son (Albert Edward, born the previous year) might grow up in his father’s image. The letter reads :
"My Dear Uncle: I have to return you my best thanks in Albert o name, as well as mine, for your good wishes of the 10th. That day ever must be one of joy and gratitude to me, as being the commencement of the greatest possible happenings to me. Few, if any, possess such a treasure as I do in _|beloved Albert, whose only oh I ject is the happiness and well-being uf others.
"May him bright example of virtue and excellence be followed by our son, and may he be the image of his father, is my most fervent rayer ”
What some people would like to know is how confidential royal communications of this character ever come into the market a thing to know that this fervent note of Queen Victoria can be bought for the small sum of $05.
Household Hints.
Meats should not be pierced while cooking.
A dash of salt added to the whites of eggs makes them whip better.
Never slam the oven door, or jar any rising material while it is bak-
Ik-
ing

'
» 9
9 9
mg
When watering a garden remember that a thorough soaking is better than frequent sprinklings.
Crumbs grated directly from the loaf give a more delicate color than dried crumbs to fried articles.
In a special section of the book dealing with dinner-giving, the hostess will find many valuable sug-
4 4
m

yours
Selected Recipes.
Walnuts.—Mix one-half of a cup ful of sugar, one cupful of molasses,
one-third of a cupful of melted but- ge®”“)n8	,.	,	.,	,
ter, one ,gg well beaten, one tea When washing neckwear the ad
spoonful of cinnamon, and one-half d,t'on of ammonia or borax to the
dy complexions and reduce fat. Eat
Wrlmont patted him on the shoul- half a cl i a dav, if fO® like them, der	Milk and butter should be kept
I'll forget I in closely-cove red vessels, as they Now. readily absorb flavor and odor from other articles.
A frying basket should be warmed in the oven before being put into hot fat. It will thus not reduce the I see my wife wants me; temperature of the fat.
Fish will be crisp and brown if it is thoroughly dried on both sides,
mv
III
“That’s all right saw you here this evening
off
But I’d like to try and thank “That's not necessary
me
t 4
9 9
O'
And what
A French Armored Train—A Modem Battle "Ship
Innocent Old Age.
“Youthful innocence” is one of those expressions which i* untrue so far as criminals are concerned. It is a remarkable fact that a criminal is at his worst when he is young, and the older he becomes the better the life he leads. Criminal statistics show, as a matter of fact that the most virtuous age of the average wrong doer is between fifty and sixty. It is in the very earliest part of their careers, between the agos of sixteen and twenty-one, that men and women criminals are at their worst. From twenty-one to old age they gradually improve. This also goes to prove another remarkable fact about 1 criminal*, and that is, that marriage helps to reform a man or woman, At the average age at which i most people marry there is a remarkable drop in criminal statistics. Between the ages of sixteen and twenty-one, the time when a man is " at his worst, criminally speaking, are just those years when a child is breaking away from its parents and is allowed to go free
Wheels to Protect Railway
tt
on
#'•...



me
‘«ii .<
L, %
fear

E 3
4»
IT- H
_	“You'd
y things that perhaps you d be ¦ for later on. Let me go.



lorry
You stop and watch the boy.’
It was difficult to persuade her husband, but at last he agreed In half an hour she came back again. “Weill" he queried thickly “Mr. Welmont was out. 1 saw the man who drives the motor-Crickner, his name is. He vows and declares it didn't come this way." “Did you ask him that before told him about Jack or after-

V

you
wards!’’
“Before. He answered a bit ©onioned, though. At first he made out tbr motor hadn’t been used at all."
Henry Barnet gave an exclamation of angry triumph
“That shows you can’t believe a
It was their car did It—I’m dead sure now! Move out #f the way I I'll go up there my self, nnd I won't be put off with any
Hod,.in A reared Trala—Latent War Lqulgimenl te bo 1 scd by tbc I reach Army.
™ France has just added to ita equipment the most modern of fighting devices It is a train of armored cars and rapid-fire funs, and ooning towers nnd fighting tope. Am a death dealing war apparatus k is the most modern of anything used by any of the nat one. The battleship on wheel* consists of an armored locomotive, two rapid fire gun carriages, and two armored care for tran porting troopTine rapid fire guns are mounted in such a manner that they can be swung and directed at any point of the compass. Hising from the car behind the locomotive is a ooning tower, from which an officer takes observations and directs the fire of the rapid-fire guns Rails run ning on top of the cars permit troopers firing from the poof of the care, lor opening railway communications this battleship oa wheels n
une
?
For the man with a chip shoulder—get an aze.
The Dentist ( his photograph-rV^ Look
P
Hie
word he said
even with

gMNgb


###PAGE###4###
London, August 24.—The official bureau of information today gave out the following announcement :	British
were engaged all day Sunday and until after dark with the enemy in the neighborhood of Mons, Belgium. They held their grounds.
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 27. 1914.
I
a
%
WORK
D
6
*
\

jyo VOV coutemplate building.
or making any alterations in that line ? If so, call in and see me; place your orders early, and have I Id your material ready when re-11 ^ qui red. Ask for a sample of BEA-| ||J VKK BOA HI), the coming Interior
/
0
0
All within the ]>ast week the l ana
Tokio, Japan, A tig. 24
The Yamato,
Parliament has met, has transacted | in an extra edition today, sa vs that the
U>ml»ardinent of Tsing-Tau torts by the Japanese fleet has commenced message was passed by the censor of the navy department.
After nearly three weeks of mobilisa It was Canada’s 11 ion the I tattle of giants has begun.
Roughly speaking the Germans are try ,	,	_	. .	,, itig to work around the allies’ flank in
plete absence of anything savoring of Belgium, while the FreuchHH
dissent ion during the necessarily brief mg to apply the same
discussion of the several very important | Germans in Alsace.
Gov ament measure l»i ;bt down,! The French and Bi troops oppos
fairly reflects the state of public senti- tl»e invasion of the O. n.vm army in
ment throughout the counti). *“v according to the official announcement Government asked for and obtained issued by the French war office. In the expenditure of fifty million dol- battle line, which extends from Mons lam. and had the request been for one to the Luxemburg frontier, several army
.....l&.'ZZX
granted just as readily. When it 18 against the Germans, but their plan of
brought home to the people of C-auada attack failed, owing to 14 unforeseen
that the welfare of the Empire is ini-1 difficulties ’’ as described by the state
ment, the troops retired on the covering
positions.
P
»
Û
I
\ Work is the cure For most everything That flesh is heir to. To know the supreme Comfort of labor Invest in a pair of
Peerless Overalls
And square away.
the important business it was summoned to deal with, and has closed the work of a session that was the shortest md perhaps the most memorable in the history of Canada, first war session, and the almost com
BEAVER |S BOARD I-
This
m
p
\
?
0

I
\
run
I
<
are tempt
process to the I Finish for Dwellings anti Public I |q
d
q
ù
Buildings.
t)
0
;


(TRADE MARK
t
I
of BEAVER BOARD.
CJf Can be applied in any season. | |o
Anyone handy with tools by following instructions can apply it.
Is pure Wood Fibre through-1 |[J out.
01 NO CRACKS Û
«
• I	Are ever seen in walls and
fl	ceilings made of Beaver
[J I	Board. Durable, beauti-
0|	ful, sanitary. Forty-one
advantages. Call and see how it looks.
Fop sale by
R. G. HODGINS.
a war
u
Peerless Overall Co Rock Island, P. Q.
D
••
i
;
Sold by
i
I
0
G. F. Hudgins Co Shawville.
0
B. G. HODGINS.
•>
9
I trilled, }Mirty differences are submerged in a wave of patriotism that knows no bounds. Canadians all unite in the common cause of defending and preserving the priceless liberties which they, with British subjects everywhere the world over, enjoy to the full.
q
&=
#
The War Taxes.
The Government has resolved to increase the national revenue by some $8,000,000 a year, and for this pur;use brought into Parliament resolutions pro viding for a customs tax on coffee, which is now free, and for increasing the customs tax on sugar, and both the customs and excise taxes on tolwco and liquors. This is generally in the order
Summary of tho ITOWS'H things to have lxx*n exacted. The
"	man who smokes and the man who
After the removal of the seat of gov- drinks are ever the reliance of govern-ernment to Antwerp the Beigian troops ments which need more money. The evacuated the city of Brussels leaving it tax on coffee and the increased tax on to be taken without resistance by the | sugar will apply generally and will at
once begin to produce revenue ; and immediate revenue is needed, the new charges will add something to the cost of living, it will not lx* excessive, and will apply least on those whose means and scale of living are moderate. The amount to be provided by the new taxes is not destined to go far in meeting the cost of the war. That cost will have to come largely out of borrowed London, August 22.—No informa-1 money. The interest charges may, how tion is available as to whether the Ger- ever, lie more than met out of the addi-mans now intend to devote themselves tional income, so that something will lx* tv the task of reducing Antwerp or to available to meet the deficit in the onii-endeavor to force their way southward | nary income which has become a cer into France. It seems, however, that tainty liecause of the disarrangement of the determination is to attack the Bel- trade. The propositions of the Minister gian army of some 150,000 men who art* of Finance are as practical and likely to still in and around Antwerp. If, how- vanse as little inconvenience as any that ever, this is their intention, a clear in va- could have been suggested.—M. Gazette.
still be much longer delayed.
Central Canada
Exhibition
THE WAR.
McCORMICK WARE ROOMS
Ottawa, Canada
Howard Block, Centre St., Shawville.
Sept. 11th to 19th, 1914.
Farmers’ Requirements
Entries Close September 4th.
(German army.
While
The Daily Mail's Ostend corres;>ond-ent telegraphing Friday evening at six o’clock says :	The Germans are over-
running Northern Belgium. They are now believed to he within striking distance of Ostend. Fifty thousand Germans marched through Brussels and are now in Ghent.
Canadas Greatest Fall Live - Stock and Poultry Show -
Accommodation for 2,500 Head.
Buggies, Expresses and Waggons
in the following makes :
Wm. Grey & Son, Bain, tyunro & McIntosh.
i
i
HARNESS!
All freight paid upon Live Stock from Ontario and Quebec.
Seventy acres of new, bright and up-to-the-minute Exhibits.
New f>0,000 Agriculture and Horticulture Building,
Dairy Building covers 12,000 square feet in which Prize Competitions in Butter-making will be held daily.
Huge Parades of Prize Animals on Track in front of Grand Stand.
Magnificent Afternoon and Evening Performance in front of Grand Stand.
WILD WEST SHOWS
(thk best ever)
Unprecedented Night Military Display “ Nero, and the Burning of Rome.”
A complete stock of Harness constantly kept on hand. We carry the durable kind made by WILSON and CARSON-no better for the money.
STABLE FITTINGS!
Hay Fork Outfits, Litter Carriers, Steel Stalls and Stantions.
Horses Bought and Sold.
Prominent Physician Dead
(From the Coeur d’Alene Review)
Antwerp, August 21.—The German* liavc demanded a war imposition of $40-oh),000 from Brussel*. The treasurer f the city, M. 11 allot, informs me that no jxwsihle coercive measure* w ill give them even a fraction of that sum. The Kaiser’* levy on Brunei* men |tT head for every man, woman, l**y and girl in the city. It is an average of nearly $250 for every family.
JOHN L. HODGINS.
The death of Dr. Alexander Hunter urred at the residence, corner Fifth -ter Avenue, ut 3.30 Friday after-noon, August 7, of ; pernicious anaemia, | ns $55 wjth which he had Ixvn afflicted for tw
Several month* ago tin
t &
< KT
Ft

11
• years past
2
2
,1
ravage*«
p tlii
vc practi.
Now in Stock
his profession. Funeral >ei
Borne, via Baris. Aug. À2.—The rs print the follow ing

held Su ay
\
despatch,	*1*1-1...-.
» The afternoon. August 8th, at 2 oclock, the
1tht
i ,tvd Nish. S
? •il-»
mplett
•s in a four day* liât
Austrians to the
h) fought an equal,
The Iohm* on loth I *11
SX— I ittiiiui'd hyl tmentis
Music was furnished l»v the Presla terian
Dr. H. E.
Burnett, Dr. J. t\ Dwyer, W. A. Tli mas and W. H. Larks ¦	¦
General Staff am victory of the S
umber number
•-He» were enome lured great boot*
# 1

It »
Knights of Pythias and Eagle who attended in a l><nly. were conducted by fbe Rev, ter, and wen* largely >f the deceased.
A very attractive line of

Th
li hIlIVS
L


t
For fuller and more complete information, apply

Silver Ware
11. .1. Hu
to
Tin
vat
E. McMAHON,
11 *
¦I w l

tlld
i
sevvra

male
11 ll;U t Vt tl
i iit'ii
\ Tinoner».
London, August 22.—Austin We*t the Milan c*orre**|H>iid*'ji»
I 'hrriiiit 1
Manager and Skcbatary,
26 Sparks StM OTTAWA, ONT.
and
O

1



f the Iv
The church wa»
ted witli palm
Dr. Burnett fully d

I » i
n.l- tl.i
r Thrill in Vjuier u
Fancy China


g delà il»
of
sim)
”1*1
*	1 111 Vi

eived in
TIMBER CUT bee keepers’
SUPPLIES
FOR SALE :
I IIIitt‘1
» 1 »•

tl

11*

ige to
to tbi* a grea


• i
tin
ici

„ « 1
« i
i *
t had I teen
citing liis n hi- time t
II	» ft Lit.
III	I ¦I* It

User*


Hand Painted and of very pretty design.

FOR SALE.

f •

It 1
VM>
III


n til
early this morning

Fores w it ii


mtei
tery by Knight» of Pythi
XX «
in
11
1 oil

tl
tl,
for

r rvnrh, rv1


tl
* *

tills


ing on L«d Smith W in the First Range
Half
i.i
( :
mans to ret
t- tl

• I

It'll
» a i i
We will be pleased to show you these very attractive goods.
So. i
i	1
ft I
m lit;

I *r.

t 1



I H



1 o
ulUy, on Muv n, 1197 ted at Mt< ill! l uiv
til âlTMlllBt
He wa



Everything in the line of tij>*to-ilnte Bee keeper» Supplies, its f<illow - :
Sections, Brood Foundation, Skc tion Foi m-Skp tn trous,
h. Apply t«
4 \|
It \
trvf
t* l. :
J
The Ei
\,i

ei


.1. S. BROWN
f Japan today d
trot



n.<

PortojK
du Fort V

riTcKIo ti
riii


t I .
n


« i
I w I




Prices Reasonable.

•
in I w Ilex u
Ih •
He movt»l t

two \


ereduâte courue N w York City, link. Idaho.

Smokers,
ta
# !
Kiao Cl



SVPKBS.
ri iu<*\

#•«

11

L*


«)f
U ,
Hive Bodies and Frames made
correctly.
« go and pravt
II	l.A

HALED TENDERS addi*

I to I lie
| JH undersigned. and endorsed •' Tender health I tor Public Building. Shaw ville. Que.. " will t>e received at this ofthe until LOO ' P. Af., on Monday, August 24th. ltd4. for • ! tlie construction of the building men-"d.
Plans, specification* and form of con-

s
XI'l

& M

HANSSHADBL
The toll

2.1
—o—o—
Xny of the above will be delivered within n reasonable distance— h. e.
Order* by mail promptly attended
* i

.




Id

Uid
4,. L i,

sii
l1
Watchmaker, Jeweler and Optician.

extending f Luxemburg m with the Britidi
M
f iv

tu
educational and
1 "[ 1 *1' tract can lie seen and forms of tender
obt ained on application to the postmaster at Shawville. Que., and at this Department.
Persons tendering are notified that tenders will not be considered unless made on the printed forms supplied, and signed with their actual signatures, stating their occupations and places of residence. In the case of firms, the actual signature, the nature of the occupation, and place of realdence of each member of the firm must be given.
Each tender must be accompanied by an accepted cheque on a chartered bank, payable to the order of the Honourable the Minister of Public Works, equal to percent <10 p. c.) ofthe amount of the der. which will be forfeited If the per son tendering decline to enter into a contract when called upon to do so, or fail to complete the work contracted for. If the tender be not accepted the cheque will be returned.
The Department does not bind Itself to accept the lowest or any tender.
By order
R C. DKSROCHERS,
Secretary.
Department of Public Works.
\v


Ht



to.

* *! tlit* 1‘llMic Strut11 *sm |»art of which time h< city health HI


# 1
We K ; .
I " 1


O II' »H * Ml II 111
H STEWART.
R. M. R. No 1.
Sim\vville. Quo.
•i nn
11 it
*




y hui
#4
>. <
M 5U4 i _ ^
tly and
, f a 1.
M 1 I
and
v, both
11VI
wa* a mem 1st
* | M It 4
I

I ' 1 V 11
1*n ially on our right, i
wood* d an.I «Iifticult. The
vend dux
«1



.1
« Kid




» Little is
tvrian church a
II

d not for the
reran o

fly t

MONUMENTS I

Pa ri», August 23. — A despatch to the tuany
. fi*un \ ilna, Russia, sa>> v„ient from An authorized unx- seta forth that the Ru**inn* after
t he spoke », justice and ch arm
VCR 6S YEARS' EXPERIENCE i
r
xd.
Dr. Hunter w a* marrie* I at I Denver on Novemtier 20, 1*96, to Mia* Katherine H. lamg. He i* survived by hi* widow and two young children, ( liftord and Eleanor, and by hi* mother, Mr*. Agne* Hunter of Blarkfnot, Idaho; nix brother* and one *i*ter, a* follow* : T. A. Hunter of San Diego, Cal.: Jame* Hunter.
* Blarklt t. Ida I >. S Hunter of Y>«l ier, Mont., George and John Hunter of Gleichen, Allierta ; Dr. Irving Hunter of Delta, ( olo. and Mm. Alex. Mel row of Inverneaa, Quebec.
D. 8. Hunter, of Valier, Mont., and Mis John Middleton, of Vancouver
C., tinter of Mr*. Hunter, were in attendance at the funeral.


>un<int
f »

•7


Before purchasing your Monument consult the
their victory at Oumbinnen, -u I-umued thé German*, and occupied I ». terberg, Germany, thirty the Russian frontier, in the Koenigsburg.
Tiling Tau, China, Aug. 23.—The f'»erman Emperor aent a me**agv to the Governor on the 19th ordering him to (Wend Tsing Tau to the utmost. This port w ill likely be attacked by the Jap
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Nothing too small.
mile* from direction of


Nothing too large.
Alt roe*
'l'il. klf M
levwitNW
Scientific American.
Fencing and Cemetery Work a Specialty.
T. SHORE
Proprietor.
Report* are current that the aged Austrian Emperor, Francia Joeeph, i* serioualy ill. Thew reporta have been denied but have been reiterated.
Newspaper* will not be paid for thi* advertisement if they Inaert it without authority from the Department.
.^ewïork
All Work Guaranteed Satiefactory.
###PAGE###5###
CONCRETE
THE EQUITY,
. HALF PRICE
School Dresses
4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest!*
Ptablftoked every Tkereday
ft Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
WORK
EXECUTED.
Oup Aim to Please
StmaORIPTION, |1 A YlAft iN ÀDVAKCR
__ AU arrears must be paid up before
any paper Is discontinued.
We, the undersigned, have purehaml a Conceits Mixer and are now in shape to do all kinds of concrete work, either by contract or by the hour. Fur full pirticulsrs apply to
An opportunity to buy Dresses for School Opening- at half price.
9	only Girls’ Dresses in blue and pink checked gingham, with plain trimmings, from 3 to ti years. Formerly 75 cents at half price.
5 only Girls’ Natural Linen Wash Dresses, laced front, blue and red trimmings, short sleeves, from 3 to 8 years. Formerly 75c. and $1.00 at half price.
2 only Girls’ Tan Linen Wash Dresses, laced front with red trimmings, size 8 years. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
10	Misses Balkan Coats made of white Indian Head Linen, with blue and red trimmings, for girls 14 to 18 years. Formerly $1.50 and $1.75 for half price.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cent* per line for tat insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of d cents per line for flrst Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be in sorted until forbidden and charged accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub Ished free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
We endeavor to handle goods that will please our patrons, and at prices to suit everyone.
JAS. R. & JOHN A. DEAN
I
Stark’s Corners. Que
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
If your purchase is satisfactory, kindly favor If not satisfactory, please let us know
Commercial
us again
and we will gladly make it right.
n
And other Game during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned any violation of the Game Law you become aware of. Liberal compensation paid for onvicting evidence All correspondence atrict’y private and confidents!.
for
General Merchandise, Dry Goods, Groceries and Martin Senour Co’s. 100 p. c. Pure Paints.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mall
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher.
N . McCUAIC
cheaply executed, promptly attended to
Prov Gam Warden
Bryson January, 1913
E. B. GAYLER - PORTAGE DU FORT.
A NOTE IN SCHOOLS
Professional Cards.
Did You Ever, on the 8ly, Either Slip One er Receive One?
Did you ever get a note In school 7-'rom a boyî-from a big boy? I suppose there are other experiences In life that are comparable to this, hot 'ertainly there Is nothing else at that time which combines the same elements—dramatic, embarrassing, gratifying, triumphant, delicious, queer. Not that there waa anything in such a note—the outside, as the missive first cams to view, was much more thrilling than the contenta.
But the very sight of it—pencilled on rough bluish scratch paper, and ragged edged and rumpled—as It was flipped across an Intervening space or offered slyly behind a geography or dropped on the desk as the writer went up to the A spelling class, gave a sensation not to be duplicated in any later yearn
The contents, I regret to say were Insignificant, negligible. It Is to be hoped that the big boy learned mors about the art In time. But the mere fact of getting such a note, of having It written to yourself, oi forecasting the contents, of having the other girls see you get It, all that In addition to the exciting fear that the teacher might see—once she made a girl read a note out loud 1—filled the moment with peculiar emotion.—Margaret Lynn In Atlantic Monthly.
HOUSE DRESSES
1	only Brown Checked Gingham House Dress, collar and cuffs trimmed with plain brown chambry, short sleeves, size 34. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
2	only Plain Blue Chambry House Dresses, embroidered at neck and sleeves, low neck, short sleeves, size 36. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bat - - Qux.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.	_
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.	_	„
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Frost & Wood and Cockshutt Machinery.
HOSIERY
R.	A. DRAPEAU, LL L
Ville Marie Que.
S.	A. MACKAY
15 pairs of Women’s Tan Hose, plain lisle and in lace, sizes 8& and 9. Formerly 25 and 40c., to clear at 15 cents.
MAPLE LEAF, 2 Furrow CROWN GANG
<<
Also a full line of Walking Plows.
NOTARY PUBLIC Shawville, - - - Que.
C. F. HODCINS CO.
S. E. HODGINS,
D. McRae’s Old Stand
Main St„ Shawville.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
| Canadian
| Round Trip Excursion Fares.
Canadian National Exhibition, Toronto,
Aug. 29th to Sept. 11th, 1914
A FAMOUS REPLY.
aciflc
y-
Minutes S. Commissioners of
ShawvUle
THE SHAWVILLE
MEAT SHOP
The Cynical Comment Mad# by Sweden’s Greatest Chancellor.
The career of Axel Oxenstjema la a proud chapter In the history of Sweden. In 1011 Oxenstjema became the chancellor of the Swedish empire, under Ouata vus Adolphus, and much of the glory that befell the reign of that remarkable monarch was due to “the masterly diplomatic ability, great cour-
Lowest one-way first class fare and one third, for round trip I ##% resource and moderation" of his
¦	| ¦ |	¦ | ¦ | |	¦ | ¦ || a	minister.
For In the days of Oxenstjema Sweden was one of the “powers’' of Europe, and the Swedish dominion for a time extended over Prussian territory. During the entire period of the Thirty Years’ war In Europe. Sweden, through the instrumentality of her “mighty man in peace," maintained an enviable place In the council of nations.
And when in 1048 negotiations for a general continental agreement began at Osnabrück the Swedish chancellor appointed his own son, Johan, os the Swedish representative. The eon expressed bis distrust of his ability to properly serve bis country In so responsible a capacity. To this natural diffidence of youth the father made his famous reply:
“Dost thou not know, my son, with II how little wisdom the world Is gov- vi med r	yt
Shawville School Board met thin 7th day of August at 8 o'clock, p. in., due notice of the meeting being given.
I'i -	< ''inmi -.1.11 Sh
G. A. Howard and Rev. J. J. 8. Seaman. Gko PrenderoàST, Proprietor
A letti m the 1	- ;	11	1
W . Armstrong, was read, in which he requested a meeting to lie called in his
The Secretary explained that
D. R. BARRY, K.C
BARRISTER. ADVOCATE, AC
tSucceNHor to Jae. I). Horner I
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
ur Visits Shawville every Saturday
A supply of • • -
Fresh and Cured Meats
Commissioner Barnett wa Norway Bay, hut had rece and telt phoned that he v
Motion -Com. Howard- That Coi
hairmau.—Carried, if* from three t


good going Aug. 31st to Sept. 11th, inclusive
\lway* in stock.
Lowest one-way first class fare for round trip, good going Sept. 2nd and 9th. All tickets good to return up to and including Sept. 15th, 1914.
Hull. ! For further particulars apply to E. J. IIEBEliT, 1st Asst. -------- G. P. A., Montreal, or nearest C. P. Ity. Agent.
GEO. C. WRIGHT
Highest Market Price paid for Hides and Pelts.
o—o —
Your Patronage Solicited.
SI


\V\
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC

arid Howard
Motion—Com —That wc Nellie St.
196 Main St
pt the applicati , providing she wil of $40 f«vr month fn
ing J
The Head of Roman Catholic
Church is Dead

Mb, 191
i
GEORGE HYNES -
t

X died
l.M k on

Melvin- T1
. He I
hut alar
Mr*. M. A


ill
Sunday Afternoon
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention. Open all hours
g rap*
f
E. T. 11. d

Wed
r—#I2«VW
l
GOSPEL MEETINGS
Prayers were i the Ml* of the cl m kune.
lUx

I
M

an
K. T


When



I
Murer of the > t #120.00)
I
il
gltion tl I. King \
the d
In the Skating Rink, Shawville,
Commencing August 23rd, at 3 p. m.
conducted by Rev. T, S. Harris, Minister of the New Church.
i

111
That F. (






ie news
Mother
K. Hodg



Jefferson and the Lawyers.
In the “Autobiography of Jefferson"
Is this passage:
“I served with General Washington In the legislature of Virginia before the Revolution,” wrote Jefferson, “and during It with Dr. Franklin In congress. I never beard either of them speak ten minutes at a time, nor to any but the main point which was to decide the question. They laid their shoulders to the great points, knowing that the Ut» Ijoul tfè ones would follow of themselves. If Tre the present congress errs In too much talking, how can It be otherwise in a body to which the people send 150 lawyers, whose trade it is to question ev- — erything, yield nothing, talk by the
ll Tenders Extended for
pec ted.”

I
i
J
1
date

1
by Mgr. %
to hi* Holi

T
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS


f the Po| with g
and I

H

\
Co*
t ardirnd M« rry I e. where other


X al k

the S
T HE sole head of a family, or any male i- over 18 years old, may hom«‘#tea<l a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al berta. Applicant must appear in person at trie Dominion Lan I* Agency or Sub agency for the District, Entry hy proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) on certain condition*.
Duties.—Six months* residence upon and cultivation of the land In each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine miles of bis homestead on n farm of at least HO acres, on certain condl lions. A habitable house Is required In every case, except when residence Is per formed In the vicinity.
In certain districts a homesteader In good standing may pre empt a quarter section alongside his homestead Price $4.00 per acre.
Duties—Six months residence in each years after earning homestead also SO acres extra cultivation.

ird
tl

K
\
he 1
In,Id
I

prayers

Tl* d\
P<»j*\ in
flu
That

M
s.

X
I U gin to think
Dg that the Al-
Nt
f tl
t tl

Is a I
THE SEASON IS ON FOR

r.—(
gl




R. W. II'Hm.in


Europe

T


Roofing, Sheeting And all kinds of out door Tin-work.
EKIToJI
LIFE

R
I
Vet
lune 2,


I I
Appointed parish priest
IK’,*

School Care-Taking.
Estimate." of anything in thin line cheerfully furnished.
All orders executed w ith a view to giving satisfaction

> fn
184
live that the time i< reiving tenders for fare-taker* fi 14 School* in the Munici|«lity of endon ha* l**en extended up tr o clock of Saturday, August 29th.
M A. M KIXLEV
>.*. Tn
Take
Chancellor of the diocese, 1875. Cardinal and Patriarch of Venice, in 1893.
Language of Musio.
The members of a church choir not a hundred miles from Glasgow Cross are responsible for the following: “Allegro moderato—a famous Italian composer who wrote a large number of pieces;

PRACTICAL TINSMITH J Shawville, Que.
Q. W. DALE
1
Elected Po|* August 9, 1903.
I 'l'.*l I Pope Pius X by name was Joseph Sarto. He was the son of poor peasants and rose to a station considered hy many millions of peonle the most exalted in the world. Talent displayed at an early age and develojied to ordinary degree Deep piety, broad human sympathy, and tireless energy brought about his marvellous success. All hi* life he held the love of his countrymen He wa* regarded as M the Pope of the Poor.”
of three patent ;
A settler who ha* exhausted hie home Mead right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price #3,00
month* In each of three years, cultivate 50 acres and erect s house worth $300
The area of cultivation Is subject to re
•*f • k rubby oifstony land. Live stock may be substituted for altivatioa under certain conditions.
W W. CORT.
Dope tyo# the Mini* ter oft he Interior. N .B. — Unauthorised pu Miration» f this advertissmsat will not be said for.
poeo crescendo— a little swell; loco—
Shaw ville, August 10. 1914
Duties. — Must reside six
for refreshments; con doe pa»
Shawville Fair
Sept. 21, 22, 23.
t*
FOR SALE
ductlon In
adds the Glasgow News, we beard a
A lot of you xford Down Rams and
______reasonable prices ; also a pair of
Lundy foals, nicely marked. Apply to
«IAS. ARMSTRONG, Shawville, or Green Lake Farm.
that she

m

###PAGE###6###
s


r
53

à ?


û

*
WAR
t
4
The Wanderer’s Return ;

f*
»
à



.'.'is	' ' v%
War eat on a high place near the city named Earth, where all who passed along the highway called Life could see him as they went on their journeys. Among those who took their eyes from the ground was King. When he saw War he stopped.
“Who are you that sits beside the highway of Life ?" asked King.
War answered.
“I am Power, and Dominion, and Pride. 1 am the maker and unmaker of dynasties. 1 set up and ' pull down the rulers of Earth, the great city in which you dwell. By me wealth and strength are apportioned, dishonor is redeemed, right is made plain, and justice is done.”
So King went his way, thinking, “War is good.”
Soon there came Young Man, and he too asked who War was.
War said ;
shown, MO or more yards in ml \\ “ vanoe of the first trend, occupied . BoMness and Hardihood. I bestow
by the infantry, a small brook run-	** diat.nct.on on men
ning through a shallow ditch. The Those who follow me grow brave of
immediate object of the infantry is ?P,r,t »nLd h»"J ot ^ ; They to move forward and occupy that parn the happmees that eon.es neu vnver	from ardent toll, the joy that is
bom struggle. The people Earth look with greatest favor on those who enroll themselves in my record book and reward them with the first consideration.”
Young Man whistled as he followed the highway called Life, and cried aloud, “War is noble!”
Next Old Man, weak of sight and hard of hearing, peered at War and said : “Who are you, up there ?
To Old Man War replied :
“I am Memory and Thought* of Yesterday. I it was who filled your heart with friends and clothed your
F


e
#

Or, A Change of Fortune.
\




s i il
lie wae hwentj-one wh<*n lu*
A puriod
CHAPTER XLVII.- (Con tinued
until to-day
Mrs Cavwdieh resumed:	«e i* ai it y-two no * III
‘ Bernard hud very early displayed of more than forty yearn have elapsed mutdi self-will and insubordination. 1 had ^nnnaa head sank lower. She had no hopes that vollvgv discipline would have anvwer in words for all this, corrected that : but. bltvw you, child, that ltul * heard Hying rumors of his for-was because 1 knew nothing about coMege Jnues and misfortunes all the tune, life, and the wide latitude it affords young hoard that he livid unhappily with 1rs men. He grew worse at college, and «spent f^twy-lookmg wife; that aJl lue children no end of money. And then at last came 1 <«*d child 1kx.nI, one after the otlier, ex-the heaviest blow that ever feJl upon my «*Pt hia eldest child, a girl, who grew up brad	I to be the image of her mother, and to tor-
The old lady paused, dropped her face ' nient him. as his plebian wife had done.
and as he had a so tormented me. When she wae fifteen years of age. #b# ran off and married her own Italian music mas-


*v


1

m




I;
%




»

In making
jams and
jellies the
I8S?
g»


%
upon her hands, and even after this great length of time wept over these early sor
¦¦¦
Kin ma tenderly careened her.
At length she continued:	. St0**?1"*' «uttered Kmma.
My child, he. my eon Hereford, fell ! „ The fellow was a vulgar fortune-hunter in lore with the daughter of hi* washer- met her at the city hoardmg-w’lviol, woman ! He dut. indmd. my dear.	"here she wae receiving her education. He
The old lady puuw*d. and looked at Km- «tpwted to get aomo of her fathers ma for sympathy But the young girl on- ui°ne7- OJ cnuirse he wae disappointed, ly pressed her hand in silence.	I B^m-ford Jonee would have nothing to say
•	And he even wrote to me and told me either to the undutiful daughter or to the
all about her, and Raked my leave to iuar-, Uirworthy son-mdaw. He> renounced both-rv her! What do you think of (hat?	And >et ht‘	had erred In the
•	1 think he was frank and straifhtfor- W same way claimed Km ma.
ward and honorable in what he d d. my	'.*?• a,,d *HLvad received the very same
dear grandma. said the young lady. 1 Punishment. The only difference, or. re-bra vely and tru’y.	I ther. the greatest différé,we. was Una: he
“You do! You, the daughter of an old bad a large fortune of hie own to fall and noble house! 1 am astonished yes, heck upon, and *o could defy his parents.
a mated yea. and shocked at you. Kmma ,lla daughter hud nothing at	rrT .	.	,
Cavendi h! But as for me, 1 think, nay. 1 <iwn but a	B*wels. which her worth- ¦ ^LyET the SUgtUf IS the
1 know that he was very foolish, reckless. *«»• husband soon converted into money. ¦ y	®
and ever, impudent in proposing to me a *nd squandered at the ganihling houses ¦	most important
»:tidn li#. *bridlidna,U*btW"ln" W'"	m»* -* matwTth. îïd,	I . . ingredient because
C&r ™h™,d" ‘	“ *d.ï?h.buJJnio"U,wi«- ‘.laVîîomW I your^conledions"t!ilî
uio^'inTui^ rt,t.ld,ÏXbOU,?" 9uer" SeWb0M<,pobr,,,ht ThVrd 4M o, S ferment, spoil, not be
,r;'n<imat"K’,ing ‘	°'	dflr o(°n.w YorY^ZI^Zchl.''!»	I «efficiently sweet or be
“What's that to do with what wo are daughter.'	I flavourless,
talking about? -not but what I have the 1	slightly, a,id b«it nearer ¦	_	c v	¦ The glory and the romance of war
Sit Km.1 •	poor ehlld lived	I	With St. LaWFeilCe I	is dead. It has become chiefly
daughter	of	his	washerwoman as my	Oh.	how	unspeakably	sorrowful. mut-	¦	31 W3y S S3 tlSi3Ct0ry# ¦	W ith no longer anv opportunity for
*° bU“ *Ud lOW	'Cffina,AauUmc:"hco„tin»cd the old I . S«.	I dashing personal' heroism, says
BfHSfdl.Ef	I &.“• **• inU",w
ESS HHHS a^dsusMSSLfl: =seaS=&= I %
hi5?‘,«hh^,h-	i I	^ MwW.	I U,, ^ general, directing a
Bound to her in honor? I would like became a city missionary in New York. ¦	¦ battle line 150 miles long—BUdh as
32	j	fc 4-t-m ^	Æ|	the	M,"lkden- w,“
ho was	still	bound	to me in obedience?" Manors,	and	he	became fabulously j	E"	 ^JpcttviI	never be Within Sight of hl8 troops.
,.^a,?ie..hVue h h , h, H	0y*r<;the J7ar:,chief of \aff-
Kwercd Kmma frankly	* es. my dear; hut what was wealth to BpSBtfl	_1 httffil was fifteen miles to the rear when
Ms ft*	§Sf nr .*AW>A “¦» «"*¦ w».«	•
ts”.Kcr‘..îr js5rs-,ri«*::S: t’SOrsArs^isrt'i’ts•
tieth. twcty-firet. or a hundred and twen- deal, for good uses. »«id Kmma. bright Ftigsfflg | I	Never again will a courier, bear- I
tenting himseiT to me agaTn; that I* guve	"W>11. in that respect it was much He Hggfnj	ing order* from headquarters to
him his choice im,w between me and the	)*ed U frff*7 among the poor, until at ,	division and Corps Commanders,
k 3®jrjzr& tu?sn&	the - M 3T mm i »*"^ und„ ^ «
T<^And* tiien. dear .ramlma*"	dr.lrti,	*“ "•""" **”"*’\	th, battle front.
"He wrote to me saying that he could "He had searched for his lost daughter	tTMl >r^ers go OUt to-day from head
never <home betweea two whom he loved through all the principal cities of the ^VttvVLQC0AP>r CkAIquarter* over the field telephone
Srj»	wire,, which reach every brigade
turc! and that he should always love	vain. Of the existence of hie grand-	commander, as he too, ait* in safe-
both both.* and he should never desert	daughter he had not even the faintest sus	t f i »	,	» firp
either either," putting im* again ou the pwion until, in hi* capacity of city mis- widow# nervous system, by pleasantly ex	nP lne 01 “re*
%m/:L4i1:n.^ Whal 40 7	hand#	traSSlAÎSî.1^Z'g^a^J'Z	intl^ion!
^.h/ŒJÜ’iiïjo'w ZÎ 8rm	%*iWbS?h»‘5Tp«pU 4. th, hws eu*.	^lin,,l1tAweu1	ed arm*	on the caisson, and bhe
Dear grandma, way her humble origin	«truck b*mat flnst aight wuh ani elwtrwr	make a very pleasant party. I hope you	infantry	cheering their rescuers.
OaZ- y"U h"d " B"d W,Ü1 my 5^U,th« TSX.‘0oï^.“aliïuOltSf % ”Ul 11	Modern field gun, .re located out
EHHrvS 5ÆS . ,	tïUrJ,£sMsï.‘ S
üSsïm SL55SHH5H» SïS-» jsjfrs zz.,%; r”.s
HS&’HTÿ.-.M -"H s. :rr;:r : «	t ïssas
3U trasx zm.'s	..... .„d..™
"Go on. dear grandma, and tell me what Of coarse I do. dear grandma. Rhc	flhîv,tuL!2iïi t^VJ?Ÿ„hl rvma,n ** white* of the enemy’* eyes.” is an when he went to the sleeping room
C„ nest dear child,	^	heroic command that will never be he heard hi, wife astir. Quickly sit-
that h.* continued to write to me a# »f eminent house !" exclaimed Kmma. eager •£» h*‘r <jbance of effecting an advantage- given in a modern battle.	j ting down at the baby ê Cradle he
£ïïHSa:ï ngjs sjrssns iâSfiûffiîfr'S * S^iSSr^J^TSS 'Wrf'- J£
ESatSScSS Hskw - * «J* .Tar jfr-w aHÏÏÆS: £2. 'rf	% £ ZAÏW
in transferring the trunt of the eetate "Indeed, dear. Well, to go on : Bores True, ehe would here to leave Blue Oliffs. gent dav soldier the A pad e is almost been more than an hour trying to
&72%	^¦ - -porfnt »,H, „t. ge_tth, b.by to.,,cp,"^ol^.
of age of my eldest son "	connected with the Philanthropic Emigra- but a lonely, dreary, dismal old country | down into hi* ditch 80 that only hi* calmly, but rocking the cradle vig-
ü53SS%îs?£âl	»	in M *“ " '
ro ssssruF&itiLtst ssü?J.”Si5.*jrtrjî‘ fc-K si.tk s ta-Jsy^sssa <•" <*•To-
my i«. to ni im meat when, after he had ki#*- been with me all day. as you know Now a considerable sum of money ; her dia- Never in a modern battle picture 6 he—It must be great to be a
£^ ^lumn 0{^n8jrD ™n! one dre„ ,uit i«u you f0r
#o1 forth be turned around and brought Emma. I have invited him to come back, for years	be shown rallying round their cher- year* and year*, and a woman must
ss&sas&ss Beirut”" :;r:r: :	rürs txîÿrn,
- —'erjvsuriseve*»smrs;:sfstI•**w.....«,«...
| Then, my dear, write to Mrs. ftt. John	If he knew of her presence in the house,
married then?"	said	Emma. In	for me. and ask her to send Electra and	a# he probably did from his slater's letters
[	Laura Lytton here under the protection	*he dreaded to meet Dr Jones as much
e wa# married!	And	he	had	actually	of Rev Dr Jonas. When he comes again,	or more than she dreaded to meet Laura
g5-tr! """,n" h,r- “ " c a^'sssî; r zi”; ;	t;:^u'lVuoV^m tr;end	bope
”ga„ ,be prettyP‘	occasion to do #o; and. beaidet, we had
"Oh. yew. ehe was pretty	very pretty,	eo moch to aav to each other
but not at aU ladylikM In	the one min- Of coarse you must hare had, dear	In theee	last days of	Lent. Craven	Kyte
ate	that	I stood there, petrified	with	grandmother; and besides. It was much	batame a frequent visitor at Hi
I e>»w that. Khe was	vary	better to hare told me this family history	Old Mrs. Cavendish, who. confined as aha
all and very dark, with the blackest ffrrt. ao as to prepare me to meat him " was to her room, yet heard all the news and reddest cheeks and whitest teeth "Jo I thought, agreed the old lady. of the neighborhood, and all the gomip of I had erer seen Khe sis quite foreign ' But. grandma, there was one ereeutrie the house through her granddaughter or
looking and I afterward heard that both cir. urnstaime about hie introduction of her*	_ _
her parents were Italians, though ehe wav	Electra Into the eehool He gave her no	ing of Mr Kyte a frequent	visits
native born. W ell, my dear, as I said be-	other name but FJectra-no surname what What does the presuming	young fdllow
fore I stood there rooted to the ground ever It was very odd And It was very come here for? 1 hope not for you. Km with a.tonidunmt for a minute And then, awkward for ns to introduce her to any ma. she said, one morning, to the young When I recovered my senses. I just waved	one as Mias Elect ra Elartra whom»	heireas
mv hvid to them and turned and left the	would be the natural Inquiry, whether It Mias Cavendish laugh,
without on# word."	were spoken or not I hope my uncle will "Oh. no. grandma He
grandma !"	change all that.	with his attention#." she as
I did. for I felt insulted in my	own	' ***? father's fame was Paolo Caron I. |	Whom then doe# he honor, as you call
house	and	by my own son! Even	now	But he does no* Uke to caU her by It. and	ft. with hie attention»? or affront, as
that all 4s forgiven. 1 rannot	think of this	he will not call her by any other.	How	I	call it.	mith hi# impertinence?
without indignation I went	to my room	ew. we roust give bar her full	name,	mandsd the old lady	ra - ng her	gold
and ent word down to mj eon that I , wru\	. v v	^	afmetaol*# to the ton of her head and rax
„,uM not	hW -if. Upon .H+ | ^	I ST W	,r.ndj..,h,„	L
ter
Russian Recruit* in llayonet Drill.
The Russian soldiers are as familiar with the vital spots of the human body as the best trained surgeon, for many tedious hours are spent by them as recruits in the bayonet drill in which they are here seen engaged. When it comes to a hand encounter, the Czar's troop-in a bayonet charge will do credit to their training.
ers
least expensive item is the sugar
ROIECE OF WAR IS DEAD
ut ati of her her worth-lees hunhand eoon converted into money, and squandered at the gambling houses. ‘ All thin In very painful, dear grand-murmured the old lady's young lie
THE SPADE IS AS IMPORTANT
AS THE RIFLE.
By Fit* and Start*.
No Battle* Flag* and No C harging Column* on Modern Battlefield*.
First the field guns—and nowadays a whole regiment of such guns, each of which can fire ten shrapnel shells a minute, is the recognized artillery unit—do their best to smother the enemy's fire and to _ drown his trenches in a flood of bullets. Each shrapnel shell bursts into from 100 to 200 projectiles.
Then, while this fire is at its height, the infantry gets up—a squad or two at a time—and runs, dodging and bent over, to the ditch through
which flows the little stream. They mind with the good memorials of a take advantage of every little glorious past. I took from you your hillock.	arm, but in its place I gave you
A rise of a single foot will afford something far better, the service of fairly good protection for a man a voted friend. By me you were who lies flat on the ground. So, by ]na< , P°°r ,n ptX-ket, to beg your fits and starts, running and 'r|.a<. as -VoU *alked the highway then dropping quickly behind cal‘t'd Life, but in exchange I gave quickly dug and shallow embank >’ou the great days of your man-ments, they advance toward the hood to comfort and suaUin you." enemy’s lines. All the time the Old Man s face was lighted by his field guns are firing a rain ofshrap “ou*h1£ the brave days when he nel over their heads. It is this de- ^new War, and as he set one foot lieate task of the gunners to so time ,v l(ie	chuckled,	and
their shells that they shall brust 8truolk1 hJs.	Wlti> ^ han<*. and
when they reach the enemy’s line— mumhlyd in his board: “I mind now
and not before. Else the bullets lhat NN ar 18	thing.”
may kill their own infantry.	But ****	fame on the high-
way called Life Woman, who had
borne sons that War had destroyed,
Perhaps by the time the infantry and daughters who had wept- npoa^,
is within close striking distance of | her skirts for their husbands that
War had torn from them ; Woman,
who had dried the tears of orphans
War had made and stanched the
blood of wounds that War had
given; Woman, who had mourned
War’s dead, and starved that War
might eat.
.	j . And Woman saw War and asked
gun fire may prove superior and the him nothing, but fled shrieking
infanirv may be driven back across »Way from him on the highway the fieid it ha* crossed. But the called Life; and a. Woman fled skillful commander will have figured from him War was silent, for he out the chances and weighed the had no words to speak cost beforehand.	___ +___________
# I
What May Happen.
Ili
the enemy its field guns may have silenced his artillery. Then it may be possible to order a charge with bayonets over the last few yards which will finally drive the foe from his trenches.
r;
On the other hand, the enemy's
iLM*
:
tieian, who sit* down in a hole in
Queen’s Treasure*.
Miscalculation.
and a shawl, both wedding presents from the late Mrs. Gladstone. A1-' together there are some thirty articles on the list, including ten photographs of different members ol the Royal family.
IV
lie Refused Chicken Gravy,
Johnny, out to dinner, twice refused chicken gravy, of which he
His hostess, who had added macaroni to the gravy, finally said :
Why, I thought you liked chicken gravy t"
"I do sometimes,” replied John-but my mamma never puts the windpipes in
It s a good plan to weigh your words if you expect them to carry anv weight.
was very fond
Ym. ma'am
14
ny
* y
my wife, and ter?
Map* All-Important.
There are no battle flags, no smoke and no charging columns on modern battlefields. The presence of a flag on the battle line would instantly reveal its location to the enemy. Smokeless powder has tak en the place of the old cloud belching explosive, and one may locijf over a modern battlefield with a hundred field guns in action and not be able to locate one of them. As for solid columns of charging men—a modern infantry attack ii a far different affair.
"He wae
surprise.

é
1
f
ih
And eo the last days of Lent
ay
('Jiffs
Sugar
t
«errant#
does make the bread and butter taste good !”
T is when you spread it out on bread or pancakes, fruit or porridge, that you notice most the sweetness and perfect pu.ity of REDPATH Extra Granulated Sugar. Buy it in the 2 and 54b. Sealed Carton*, or in the 10, 20,50 or 1004b.
Cloth Bags, and you’ll get the genuine	absolutely
clean, juA as il left the refinery.
CANADA SVGA* REFINING CO, LIMITED, .
On almost any modern battlefield it will be found that each of the contending parties will have in its
n maps showing every
Oh
Y m
I
po*
most minute variation of the ground. It is likely that each commander will have copies of his enemy’s field maps as well as his own One of the delightful feature# of modern warf
etW bright fftf
He conwi after Mn drey. I think."
"After Mm Orejrf A her my eon e young widow- im
__	ay in the Rn
Hi which they had oome to the ho they returned to Vendor the Reindeer' unt'l all the legal f
took her
It wae her mother'a name before her
And and el aid at
me ford railed hie own daughter Elertra
'
al
peculiar penmnaltty ; ohoee to call hie granddaughter tl,p e imp "Ton Will like tier ira when you
of the girl ¦
Wee attending hU majority
ng hie wife. and. of roaree. lie wmowt The impertinent young puppy i aaid the old lady indignantly. *1 muet hare a talk with Mary, and tell her So tend the foolish, preeumptuoea fellow
ehe added brdlMhl
¦
r be i


her to Berea ford
is die creation of
i r i-
her
And I n
age
e*w my

an international through which the various nations attempt to obtain by bribery and theft, the maps and war secret# of each er.
On these maps there ma

Tee
Row. go
I want to take
In my '-hair
about hit buei
CHAPTER TLVIII
83
" the
Oh
found Mra Qroy
her hand# in
aad aha
• n
And eo the
eeuanimit But the
t
be
lady entirely
To be
w his I
>
###PAGE###7###
WHY THE CZAR MOBILIZED, f
YOUR STRENGTH!£7 "
WHEN FOOD TAXES
H GOT BALD
IMtOVIDIXti A WATER 81 1‘1‘I.Y.
K>
Native* of lli* Soudan I Hllze a
llollnw Tree.

ch
IN PLACES
A:

You Need the Tonic Treatment	A year'8.®ue™,EnRe ^red by
Of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills Jeclare<l war on Scrvia, ami thus No per eon reading (hie need ever
give Germany the excuse for preci- again suffer long from Neuralgia. When the food you take fails to pitating the general European war Î Nervtllne will quickly cure the
lour stomach is too foeble to do its reeled chiefly by him, has sustain-, tlrely given up to treating dreadful work and you will continue to suf- ed at the hands of the Austrian attacks of Neuralgia. The agony I 1er until you strengthen your diges- Foreign Office. The Czar, in accord- experienced during some of the bad tive power*. Your digeation has ence with the traditional tinge of	""^nnllonabl. To
dïïfx	zr^m1; r;n z'lizvlwi r£
health t<» give it strength for its pending between Russia, as repre- ' vlline; I read of the wonderful pain-w^r|*-	,	senting the Slavic race, and Ger- subduing power it possessed and made
The tonic treatment of indigestion many, as representing the Teutonic up my m,nd to Prove it valuable or
%=%%%	z ¦ Er	-
enriching the blood supply, so that German invasion of Slavic land* the feeble digestive organs are
fin rely the strangest use to which a growing tree can be put is to
u_____s, s	B , j HVturo it into a reserv<,iIP|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
Yei7 Itchv. When Brushed, Dan- i„ what the people of Korodofan, in druff A ! Over. Hair Came Out In the Soudan, do with'the trees which
Great Bunches. Cuticura Soap 1,1,1 bouni-t-i call "Adansonia Digi
and Cuticura Ointment Cured Iut*'
Head in Three Weeks.
POTTED
MEATS-
Yet this

I?ull flavored and perfectly cooked make delicious \ sandwiches.
The
child's
delight
The tree, which is known to the natives by the name of “Home," groups being called "Tebeldi," at-6 tains a considerable height. The I picnicker's
ssrsttsssns	choi~-
The

Ifl II allant fit.. Toronto. Ont.— •• Ah

5
Everybody’s
favorite.
made It bald In places. It we»	,	.
very itchy and gave me s *° man>' of the bamboo family, tendency to scratch It which hollow, and the native* have dis-raadeltworw. I always had covered that it makes an excellent wtr*rmy hat whether In the tj,tcrn for storing waW, for the
SSÏ22SL,K5 "« —». «rf «¦» «•«»>• n.t
the dandruff all over. The f,e ,ar8*' enough the natives scoop hair came out In great bunches it out still further.
Con
treatment cured me entirely and I have ever since stayed well.’
i§E|l| Elüi: liliil SSi'iliiilE
is s--—	s.su	.su,,,.,.	>_*** ,,"nl " """"
take spells of dizziness with a feel- Hungary as the chief obstacle to the	- they had cured my head. ! (signed, B.
im lEü'iEBi! ¦! ###
Üiev were’ helnimr mo nml Ï c direct extension of Russia to the Britain to help him preserve Bel-	» arg* quantities of water in the
tinned to take them until i L	waters of the Adriatic or the 8»*n neutrality and independence an(1 ,fc waa ***<1 they had similar trunks in no wav impairs the
stored £ henlth T wl. Lvtt 7n	^an. Therefore, Russian states-	was the concluding factor which	and congenial tastes. Both are	growth of the	trees	whose	use	in
better Withl T n, n	li	craft has contented itself with in-	determined Great Britain to plunge	highly educated and fond of litera-	this	way	is undoubtedly an	ingem
owe it all Dr William.' ap; l direct method <V aporoach—that is, into the European war, is intensely tu^6» music and art.	ous solutioi^ff th^wate^iwpply
p*n m	111 by helping some other Slavic nation, : popular with his own subjects.	Queen Elizabeth, who was a Ba pro dem
These Pill» «rt» «il kt, oil	*uch as Servia, to acquire the -ort	He has none of the vices of his	'anan Prmcess, is a strikingly
eine W*orvn,	for which Russia has been hanker-	uncle, King Leopold, and, in	handsome woman She has a long,
nne dealers or you can get them h	fact, is in almost every respect the oval face, with fine features, and
SyâwSE SrS»5=5£ SSBSSSB
1 ....« *— " — * ; susiLtSs, Ursft sra :(tÆÆX
;!| Leopold had no son, he became the I f° Hie interior of Siberia. Music
heir to the throne, as women arc I * passion with her, and she is Halifax, N.S., Dec. 15.—When Inter-debarred under the Belgian laws j an accomplished violinist. As a viewed at her home at 194 Argyle St., _
—5 rd a % fcSSSSSH KS—”
The King’s full name is Albert Lpresa of Austria A few years lor any* work" y “oma'ch^was”» CAmï?™i «“^urna^ur^ wufc Leopold Clement Maria Mainrad. *K°.,he developed talent as a dra disordered that I had no appetite. îï'hîf'" 0iU.r. ho7,,e ^“aeat Wrn# His mother was the Princess Maria uiatist and wrote a play entitled What I did eat disagreed. I suffered c.o.± Limited. Cciïlnrwood6 Ont of Hohenzollern, and he was born "R^munda, which was produced greatly from dizziness and sick head 1 ¦
April 8,	1878.	His paternal	grand	™ Brussel» in March, 1908, causing	?.cnbnena”d feared a nervous breakdown.
mother	was	a	daughter	of	Louis	I» *ir ™ lhe Be'gian capital.	fted %
"I felt better at once. Every day Ï Improved. In six weeks I was a well
•»-> p.-.i»r h, ssysaSTSSS
asked. 1 m not pensive," she re-	it is for this reason that I strongly
plied. “But you haven't said a	urge sufferers with stomach or diges-
word for twenty minutes." "Well, tlve troubles to use Dr. Hamilton's I hadn’t anything to say." “Don’t Pll^
you ever say anything when you	Hamilton s Pills strengthen the
Will you be my wife l	systems to health. By cleansing the
blood of long standing Impurities, by bringing the system to a high point of vigor, they effectually chase away weariness, depression and disease.
(ïood for young or old, for men, for women, for children. All dealers sell Dr. Hamilton's Pills of Mandrake and Butternut.
uni

«
6
un
It’s cheaper to raise colts than to buy horses. But it’s costly if you lose the colts. Keep a bottle of Kendall’s Spavin Cure handy. For thirty-five years has proved it the safe, reliable remedy for spavin, splint, curb, ring-) htme, bony growths and lameness from many causes.
Sometimes, though rarely, the tree cracks under the weight of
KendallsSpavinCure
is sold by drugrwte everywhere at SI • bottle, tl lxitt !'-» for $5. Get a free copy of our book “A Treatise on the l£ume“at your druggist’s or write us.	a»
Dr. 8. J. KENDALL CO.,

Fills,
*. W. DAW SO*, mtasty Colborne Street, Toronto.
direct method o{ aporoach—that is,1 into the European war, is intensely I music and art h\ helping some other àSlavic nation, Popular with his own subjects. I such as Servis, to acquire the -ort •
I F YOU WANT TO BUY OK HELL A J Fruit, Stock. Grain or Dairy Farm, write H. W. Dawson, Brampton, or M Colborne St.. Toronto.
A Nova Scotia Case of Interest to All Women
VEWBP
/I OOD WEEKLY IN LIVE TOWN IN
,	---- j VZ York County. Stationery und Book
Halifax Sends Out a Message of Help |“5Jq€**t 1,1	^ Brice ^ only
mo
small Slavic nation, so enriched,
CORSETS OF TELEGRAPH WIRE W.\V turn over ite P0**,8l,ion' will-
nillv. to the colossus of the north.
Therefore, when in the first Balkan “Ladite” In Half Civilized Conn- war Austria compelled the relin
quishment of the Adriatic coast of Servis and Montenegro, the Czar The telegraph, pioneer of eloctri- regarded the act as a blow, not so cal invention in all new countries, much at Servia as at Russia, has had many remarkable experi
ences in linking up the outposts of I dinand, whom Russian statesmen civilization ,and nowhere more than regarded as the author of this rein the still half savage islands of puted plot against Russia, was as Malaysia, says a writer in the Wide sassinated recently, the comments World Magazine. In Sumatra, for of the Russian press, authorized by instance, the rebellious A chines official sanction, breathed an unmistook the wires to hammer into slugs takable sense of satisfaction at the for their muskets; in Celebes un- tragic outcome of events. When protected lengths of the early lines Austria demanded an abject apol-were torn down and improvised into ogy from Servia for the crime of fish traps, while in Dutch Borneo Sarajevo, Czar Nicholas, who hast the white porcelain insulators gave every reason to abhor attempts up-such a striking effect as necklace on the lives of royal and Imperial heads for the dusky jungle belles personages, backed Servia in its un-1 that the natives still steal them | willingness to grant full satisfac whenever opportunity offers.
But it has remained for the Dy
aks of Sarawak—Rajah Brooke’s th.c f,a9CO of 1909« *hen Austria remarkable little state in North 8*lzed the Turkish provinces of Bos-J Borneo—to cap the climax by strip- and Herzegovina without S" ping many miles of telegraph poles muc^ M consulting Itussia in ad of their wire in order to turn the vanoe' an<1 the disaster of 1912, latter over to their tribal “mo- when Vl4>nna prevented the placing disles” to manufacture into °* the Adriatic ports in escrow for “clothes” for their ladies. Long Russia by Servian occupation before the telegraph wire came, the principal article of trade with the Dyaks of Borneo was house wire, some of which was used for the making of bracelet. and anklet,, but the	Wee MU Vanish Before	Western Official-' I)„ v„„ take
bulk »u worked up into a remark-	Postum.	this woman, whose hand you’re a-	**,«• F'TU'’ ,hal ! ha" wrd MIN
'tt	.b; “¦«	erst -	2*3 •“ mJBt ,1‘K “-f ,“r’c
4g 4L. w'srsrirs x	ss,rc. 55LSSÏ- tLiLirrs	p*rd ,hr°“*
pee lmm
° nt*	a little molasses	much more robust.
built u;x)n her, and to “1 attribute these things to coffee,	.	n,	\ boldly called out to the widow work- a* ord are often curious and some -
* her figure must grow, whether because, since I quit it and have	‘	,	.	,	| log in her garden—“Hello, old wo- I lljTie,'1 *%Du#:ng An anecdote of
it chances to be along it* natural drank Poetum I feel better than I .11145 latt*r »et h,e death under	when joes this house sail?” Gbarle* Lamb, the famous English
lines of expansion or not. Only had for 90 years, sm le88 Bueeepti- circumsUnets still ehrouded with ..Whenever the feller corner along ’ a^thor, illustrates this very pleas-
ilpns il spi mm
mm mmm
copra for the reqaieita number of Regular Poetum must be well Thn King has been AA extensive spirals, while a dress-length of the boiled. 15c and 85c packages	traveller. He has visited every
latter could often be had at the ex Instant Pente* is a soluble pow- country in Europe, and visited the pense of a little climbing, there was der. A teaapoonful dissolve# quick United States in 1898. A devotee of quests n which was going to be |y in a cup of hot water and. with the bicycle, he has always prefer the more in demand. The He xibil- créera and sugar, make# a delicious red that to horseback riding, ity of the telegraph strand admit-1 beverage leniently. 30c and 60c ted of a greet variety of treatment, ry chic effects in weaves and twists were obtained with it that bmld never have be With the stiff brass trade wire
fries I nc the Material.
When the Archduke Francis Fer
1*1 tee sm
ROOFING
How She Won.
me

Per Roll IDS .Square Feel Regular $2.09 Quality.
ASPHALT FELT ROOFING
100 per cenl. Saturation I on la ins no Tar or Paper
I/owest price for Government Standard Hoofing ever offered in Canada. Sale necessitated by business conditions.
Send for Free Sample
TIIE HALLIDAY CO., LTD.
Formerly Stanley Mills & Co.
HAMILTON,
98c


Stopped There.
“Did you have your salary raised last year ”
No, but my hopes were raised several times
%
tion to its powerful neighbor.
The Czar was determined to avoid

f

*
< «
t »
*—

HOW TO POP CORN
Brilliant Idea.
Customer—I want something for
fleas.
Drug Clerk—Why don’t you get dog l


It ia done in different way*, but the most approved method ia to pop your corne with Putnam * Corn Eitractor-corn* pop out for fair, and stay out. too. -when moved by "Putnams remedy youmelf, 25c. at aM dealer*

CANADA
Try this painless
DISAPPEARED
I orgnl (he Detail*.
“What's the matter now V’
“Mv wife told me to be sure and bring home some powder “Well, you haven't forgotten.” “No ; but was it tooth, talcum, baking, insect or face ? '
Out Went.
9 f
market. I have found it amodient for hon-e flesh.
(ftifnedl
W " PINKO
Woodland»." Middleton, N.H

Well,
you re
about right for once, old man “All right, then. Kims in court, an' I reckon you’re married about as tight as the law can j’ine you guess four bits ’ill do, Bill, if I don’t have to kiss the bride. If I do it’s six bits extra
I f
Queer.
“They eay the people who are married get to look alike.”
“Yes; but it's a queer thingtha* they rarely get to think alike.”
“8o you want to marry my daughter Î What are your expectations V* ‘We expect to elope if you refuse your consent to our marriage, and
when we get
Kimard'a luaimemt Cures Colds, sto. j back. Then we expect you to make
us an allowance.”
I

9 »
¦yes jnd Or»nulst*d EyelSdsiNo SmsrtUig—
I I
Free. Murine £je
She Gave Her Answer.
% erjr Precise.
Boston is noted in America the place where everybody is very, very “cultured and very precise in their use of words. The latest Boston story is about a small child who fell out of a window. A kind-hearted lady came hurrying up with the anxious question. “Dear, dear! How did you fall f ' The child looked up at the questioner and replied in a voice choked with so be, ticallv, ma'am ’
PV
en-
, sir, bestow a little charity upon a noor, destitute woman. Believe me, sir, I have seen better days.”
^<xxxVXv-
PILES.
r DODDS
^KIDNEY
•L pILLS
So have I, said Lamb, handing the poor creature a shilling, have I. It’s a miserable day, even for London. ’
A similar illustration	is	of	the
o	us	boys
carrying off his	fruit	from	hie	or-
/




You will find relief h Zam Buk !
life
m
$
t

i| ff
h

R:.
curt. Whynetpreve

cha
this 7

hat are you about!’ he cal'
Queen Elisabeth became the wif of King Albert fourteen years their wedding having been brste<l in royal state on Oct. 1, 1900. Their union was described at sold by Grocers, the time as a genuine love instep

ed luetilv.
About going them, as the marauders disappear ed over the fence

anvBuk
tins

X:
A
r i
called one of
« «
and
The cost per cup of both kinds is about the same.
“There's a Reason’ for Poetum.
ached

I F.D. 7.
lMVe 94	14.
###PAGE###8###
———
—
GIGANTIC CLEARING Tailoring I
And Customers’ Satisfaction
The Mile Boot aid Sloe Store
Suits to Measure.
If you want a smart, stylish, up-to-date Suit to measure vail and see
IHV6T!P<,



£ '
S. MOORHOUSE

-AT THE-
RUSSELL HOUSE :: SHAWVILLE ::


O
O
I have 20 years' experience In high clans Tailoring--? years with 2 Mac*, Ottawa.
I guarantee you every satisfaction In style, flt and workmanship.
fop 8 Days only
Listen to Reason
S. MOORHOUSE
^jOMMONSENSE applied to the purchasing of your I footwear will convince you of two things :—	I
That you cannot get value in a “ cheap ” shoe—because | the materials which enter into their making must necessarily be “ cheap.”
That “ cheap ” shoes cost more than really good shoes— because their lack of durability necessitates more frequent purchases.
There are good reasons why you should buy
Following the custom of our predecessor, L. Herman
we will hold an Annual Clearing Sale
Ending j Saturday
We will offer big money saving Bargains throughout the Store, including all the New Fall Goods. We may state that the goods offered at this sale are not old, nor goods bought especially for this sale, but are our regular goods which are all brand new and in good condition.
Gentlemens own Material
made up

i
V
When you want the Iwst value for your
.. money In ..
k
Commencing
Saturday
SHINGLES
SEPT. 5
SEPT. 12.
at $1.60 per M- and up
Also Lath», Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing, Mouldings, Doom, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
nox 453
INVICTUS SHOES
Tliey ixtssv^s every attribute of style, comfort ami durability That why this * tore's reputation hack ul every pail we sell
At nprior. Ont
Stray Bull
St rayed on to in y premises some time in •lime a small yearling hull, roan color. Owner requested to come and pay expenses Incurred and remove the animal at once.
P. E. SMILEY.
GEO. B. ARMSTRONG.
Radford
i
We have assembled for this season’s business, by far the most extensive assortment of high grade merchandise ever shown here, and we can ASI)	truthfully state that the values we offer leave no room for doubt re-
Wfllle fieraigarding the advantages of buying from this store, w eus Aepairea. por this Sale we have made the prices decidedly attractive, and we urge
(inY. L'hTr'i'm,.'"'‘mïrv ‘i’.'i'i w ii" y°u to ta^6 advantage of them—you will be dollars ahead if you do .... ~hui t,n,.ti. v!'':m'!i wnni.ï Read over the prices here quoted. An examination of the prices alone may lui.-, be pissed to have you.-	not convince you, but an examination of both goods and prices will
"\Ve %^mv'\,%h,Th, muu,w	leave no reason for doubt as to the genuineness of the bargains and
with a galvanized fining that	advantages to be gained by purchasing HERE and NOW. This sale is
makes a great improvement.	to make new friends and customers for this store, therefore we have
11 e a *•1 ït n r k s *1 c!î n u* :r < Sfôa/tiâ I	set aside temporary profits to accomplish our aim. COME!
$7.00and njp (according to length and condition of well).
All pumps guaranteed to give satisfaction.
}
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS. Pumps Supplied
TIME OF MEETING :
Tenders Wanted
Tender# for the work of Caret»king'of Shftwvillv Academy will be received by the undersigned up to August 21st, 8.00 p. m. Tender# should atate the amount required |wr month for the coming scholastic year. All tenders to la- wealed and marked " Tender for Caretaker, •ademy.”
Craft of the nature of the work to bo dome may l»e seen at the Secretary ( )ftico.
Wyman
Bristol
¦ First Friday, First Thursday, Shawville - - First Saturday Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Elmside
I
I
Second Wednesday, First Tuesday,
of each month.
Austiu
R. W. HODOINN,
Secretary
PUBLIC NOTICE
Local and District
Reg
Sale
5 Men 8 Suits all sixes.............
•Men'* Suita, double breasted Worsted
Tweed .
$11.(0 $ 7.50
Province of Quebec,
School Municipality of Clarendon.
I* hereby given to all proprietor* of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the Valuation Roll made by order of the School Com-miaaionere of the munid|iality, ia deposited in my office, where it may be examined by the interested partie# during thirty days from this notice ; during which time any rate-payer into reated may, in writing, complain of such roll, which *hall le taken into consideration and homologated at a meet ing of the School ('ommiwuoner* to be
Id
H. s. ELLIOTT & SONS,
H. H. No. 2, Shaw ville
12.50
8.00
The family of William Hancock, who have been residents of Shaw-ville for the past year, left for the North West by Friday morning’*
tirtin.
0
M
SI
15.00	11.45
15.00	11.45
15.00	11.45
10.50	12.45
20.00	15.75
10.00	12.45
10.00	14.05
20.00	15,75
11.00	7.95
0.00	0.05
3.50	2.25
5.00	3.85
26
“ingle breasted
Public Meeting
Hawfton's Tweed
16
44
y
44
44
44
Messrs. RretzlrtfT, merchants of The Orange Grand Master of Ladysmith, have in course of erec- the Province of Quebec, will givea tion and well advanced towards public lecture in the Orange hall completion, a large building laid on Monday evening, Aug. 31st. off for a store and dwelling, on This address will be most interest-the site of the H. Millar store, ing, not only to brethren, but to which was destroyed by fire some everyone. It is hoj>ed the ladies time ago.	will avail themselves of the
(I
44
14
12
Blue Serge
10
44
44
4
Railroad Weave.. 9 youths' Suits (Long Trouaers) du 18 to88
Blue Serge................
14 Child s Buster Brown Suits, age 2 to 6...
2(1 Boys’ Suits (Bloomer Pants)........
Norfolk (Bloomer Pants)....
0
The Gibbs Comedy Company, tumty ami encourage the speakei who gave a series of shows fur *,y 1 H 11 t)re8e,lce' eight nights here, left un Satur	_ I_ _______________
tills place for some time. ' Billy i Gibbs who Is a “whole show hiiii-
I on Saturday, 29th August, at one o’clock p. m.
Given at Khawville this 30th day. of July, 1914.
12
6.60
4.95
II
44
7.50
44
5.65
20 ;»airs Men's Tweed Trousers
Trouser*.......
3.75
2.95
m. a. McKinley,
Sectv-Treaa.
3.25
2.15
16
44
22
2.25
1.60
44
44
H	J m 1 L	There is a tendency at Cobalt to-
self, is a capital Irish persona tor. wards a general shut down of the
t ii	..	. mines which will cause a great
. .	. , Hod gins, who i* (iea| of hardship in the silver
giving a prize tor a corn growing ..amp. Already a number of the competition, made an iiisihm tion prtncitwl mines have been closed
Howard \Y aMiand Nellis Hod gins, thousand men have been thrown two Macdonald tollege students out of employment, as judges. They visited the plots of mostly all who are taking ;w%rt in the contest, and report a most fertile growth. The use of corn as fodder is becoming more practical among farmers and Mr. Hudgins informs us that the crop is not only luxuriant in growth, but ex
200
30
1 35
44
44
1.50
15
05
44
44
35 jmirs Boys' Bloomer Pants
Knicker Pants
1.00 to 1.25
75
Mr. W
fiO
25
14
u
In •
TOR
I countries. Ask for our INVKN 8 ADVISER,Which will be sent
MARION A MARION.
#44 University St, Montréal.
12.50
8.50
Mens Rain Coats
free
11.00
7.50
44
8.50
5.75
44
44
6.50	3.05
44
44
toadies' Rain Coats, all colors and sizes Men’s Overcoats....................
6.50
4.50
Calling of Creditors.
f Quebec,) f Pontiac. /
SUPERIOR COURT
John Tallent, of Ottawa, who for many years was a resident of Litchfield, was killed by a train at Cache Bay on Saturday afternoon.
James Kennedy, of Portage du Fort, died on Monday, Aug. 17th as the result of a fall from a new building on which he was working.
Geoigc King, an electrician, employed by Marchand Ac Donnelly, on the contract of re-wiring the town of Pembroke for the Pembroke Electric Light Co., was instantly killed last Wednesday by grasping a live wire, while he was at work 25 feet above the ground. The Ixsly was caught by the network of wires and susgiended there until taken down by mentis of a ladder. King leaves a widow and several step-children in Ottawa.
15.00	11.25
16.00	11.75
Province o District of
12.00
8.45
41
44
19.00	6.05
44
44
No. 1471.
In re. WILLIAM, THEODORE BEN-HON CONN, Merchant, of Fort Cou» longe, and there doing business alone under the name of CONN & CO,
HpHHpHHH	An Absentee.
It is hereby ordered to the creditor# of the said alwentee to appear Wore the Ku|ieriof Court at the Court House at Bryson Tuesday, 1st September, 1914, at 2 o’clock in the afternoon to give their advice on the appointment of a. Curator and Inspectors to the Estate of said absentee.
Bryson, P. <j., 11th August, 1914.
H LAROCQl K.
Provisional Guardian. H. A HT. PIERRE,
h'.ti
5.50
3.95
Boys’ Overcoat# ...........
Men’s K.B.K. Mackinaw Coats
54 Ladies' I Am g Sweater Coats Men’s Overalls..............
tensive in acreage. A more detailed account will be given when judging is completed and the has reached maturity.
5.50
3.85
3.25
2.45
corn
44
44
3.75
2.65
1.25
1 00
A big burgluiy was pulled off at Kittner’s Jewellery store, Arn-prior, on Monday night, 17th, when watches and jewellery to the value of over fifteen hundred dollars were cleaned up. Some of the stolen goods have since I wen located in Montreal.
80
1.00
39
60
Men's Work Shirts
75
63
85
1.00

44
1.00
75
Men's Fleece Lined Underwear, per suit.
1 Lot Indies' Skirts, all colors.....
26 Ladies’ Dresses, all colors.......
Indies' Underwear....................
All Prints, Flannelettes, Cottons, etc....
38 |tair* Ijtco Curtains.............
Woollen Hose.........................
12 Ladies' Suits in Black and Blue Serge Ladies Corsets.......................
3.25
1.65
4.75
3.65
Pembroke's handsome new Carnegie Library is now nearing completion and the structure is a very
creditable one indeed. The plas Renfrew, Aug. 17. Mrs. Tim-tering is now well under way and °fhy Murphy, of Renfrew, was the painting will follow when struck and instantly killed hy the this i“ completed. It i- expected outgoing passenger train to Egan-that the library will lie ready for ville on Saturday afternoon. She occupation about the middle of WA* walking from her home on next month.-Observer.	the outskirts of the town towards
the business section along the Pembroke, Aug. 20- The cable tracks as a short cut. Coroner for the telephone line which is to Dr. Josephs, of Pembroke, wa« connect Pembroke with Allumette notified and an inquest held. The
Inland, Chaînait and Chichester engineer and fireman of the train in i xe • n ¦ •	,	. # _
has been laid across the Ottawa testified that the usual alarm had KCuUCtlOnS Ifi 311 LIMBS MOl MBMIlOnGO. and wa** spliced yesteni • Mr. been given as tl tin approach-1	.	,
.'LtiÏÏïaifii'îJI .ire:	days only-Saturday to Saturday.
SffilKÜj'L.Ï	Come expecting to save money on every purchase.
The Observer that telephone com- late to save her. The jury return-	Hill	j
mimical Ion w ill he established ed a verdict of accidental death, next week. The new line will exonerating the C. P H. from all prove a very great convenience to blame. The the gieople of the communities husband, two mentioned, as well as to the town, daughters. She was 63 years of and all concerned have reason to age.
25
10
12
8
85 to 1.50
75
36
10
12.75	0.25
CANADIAN
1.00
83
#
75
68
30

##
Homeaeekors Excursions
All Summer Goods at nearly half price.
Man ioba, Saskatchewan, Alberta,
Remember this Sale is for 8
Ticket* from Ontario and Quebec good going every Tuesday. March to October Inclusive. Return limit two calender months from dite of sale.
For further Can. Fac. Ry.
alarm apply E. J. HEBERT.
go.
let Aaet. Uenl
deceuned Imtvr* n fOM and four
Quebec. Equity ^dvts. Pay.
SHAWVILLE,
