###PAGE###1###
P
No. 9. 32nd Yeah
8 HAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY
, AUG. 20, 1014
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
—

T
s Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank
il
[ the hardware store
ESTABLISHED 1874
Of Canada.
Paid Up Capital
Rest •	*
ESTABLISHED 1804
$4,000,000
4,760,000
Vinegar ! Vinegar !
Paid up Capital $7,000,000
Reaerve Fund $7,000,000 Total Assets over Elghty.three Millions of Dollars.
President — Sir, H. Montague Allan.
\ ici* Pre». — K. W. Blackwkli

Money transmitted to any point in the world by
BANK DRAFT

Just received our usual supply of Heinzs* Celebrated Vinegar»
None Better.
Pickling Spices,
Fruit Jars,
Rubber Jar Rings Parowax.
Get busy and make your Pickles. Never mind the war.
Gen. Manager
E. F. IlfJtDE.V
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank Account
lTELEGRAPHIC TRANSFER
CABLE TRANSFER.
May be operated as a Joint Aect. Incurs no ex tienne nor formality Is a most decided business a*set Insures money for investment.
Shawville Branch i Quyon Branch I
F. C. SMYTH, MANAGER.
Fort Conlonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON. Manager. Campbells Bay Branch - R. LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch - A H. MULHERN, Manager
)
More than
HENRY’S
The Exhibition at Shawville will
Oil September 21«t, 22ik1 and I September LMsb^nd'nnV •ïiid.1
be
28ixi
Shawville Academy will
>N at« h for Dover*# large ad. next | oil Tuesday, Sept. l*t. week, it will \my you. A. Dover
re-o|M?n
students from the
3C0WLINC XT'//
Tin1 Prise Li»ts (il'Shnwyllle Pall If you want a view of your building*, 1"J*J^ây fur distribution. Sept !*tock, etc., 1 am prepared t" till your re 1 " ’ a ‘(Virements. 8|iecial prices on applica bon.	H. I Miaou, Artist.
Ottawa, Ont.
' ISÎSëïP1-
Ottawa.
J. H. SHAW.
e
m
D. E. HENRY. PbbMidbnt.
Rank and Sparks Sts
:;^,iiXfT;.j;,t,r“''- %&ssiïLï2. e Zzf&rsz 3 Canada's Premier Comn,e3
A very large staff of men are Vl lllH for t****#1 if availing for one.	you delayed now in having a photo
now engaged in the work of giiàrd-	H. 1mwon. Artist.	taken of some cherished friend ? Our	Now w the Time to Fnter
as a precautionary measure against ,lunzr‘g ”??* y\*r Vj 13 h?,«tudents from	Harris and Lilly M Sly entertain-	Prepare for	Civil Service
the possibility of any of the the f.owhng Busmo** College of Ottawa.	a number of young friends at	iVeuare for	Business
avenues of transportation being Ur,tv to Mr. W. K. fowling, IWident	home of Mr. VV. C. Harris.	vTillinChlleoa dmmmm «.«« i	,
blocked or impeded, so as to inter-1 of ,he	for r^rticulars about theme	I(*«* r,fim ,m<1 ^ke was served and	for hu»l»esl! I if.* rt*n<l	for Civil <.*rvio-u,„n
fere with the prompt shipment of ! examinations.	an enjoyable evening was sfwnt by any other college in Eastern Ontario
foodstuffs, munitions of War, or . . ., ,,	I all.— Com.	because Willis Graduates are in demand
the transport of troops to any 1V i1 1 i	n.“e ehinit last I	—	------	Willis Graduates Stand the Working Test.
cSd* "" co”D,rr ¦" "»	! ^n'".Li,T,-J:,k,hsj*E	¦>«*“•	». .. ««». ,***,.
__ _	, ranges shot over,-a feat which . . ,	,	, .	WILMS COLLEGE. Kti Bank Street.
Tîié^^lÉoiing People's league, hit herto has never been accom-	T u t(‘legram was received by Mr.	Cor.	Albert St.
social at the home of Mr. H. T. plished on the range. The scores	,,ohn.Armstrong, last Friday
McDowell, east of the village, last we,v •* 200-34; 5oo-M; 600-32.	looming, conveying intelligences
Wednesday evening, had a large I Our fiiend should be eligible for	I tjie ^oden death at Calgary, of
attendance, and everything passed that over-seas contingent, if good	^ William ha fies, of Campbells
off pleasantly, till the function "hooting is the main qualification.	Hl?y,.wh,0Jeft home, for tl,e. vvï*t WANTKI) A .nd «tnm»	wtior»!
^.............. h„„. Usts ,te.	ri":" ,rsmSr
ss&rrvrLZ — pri,5*s: tœrvï
speedily driven to shelter under e,&,,er8 H,ftiW d*y* ago in Shaw- ceased was the only son of Mrs.
Mr. McDowell’s hospitable roof. - 1 T'. "(her points in the John H. F^des, late of Col I Held	eATW „
EBSÏS»
veyances : but anou the rain eased Ui?*Çe l.i_ lts<‘" w)me minds, ami well thought of by all who off, enabling all to reach their Li .i1* ar,e wondering why knew him. He is survived by his
homes without experiencing much	"".monties have not got after	widowed mother and one sister,	FOR SALB-One mare, a	years old	one
damage to either plumes or frills.	11 1 ? and made them give an	who have the deepest syiu|>athy marc. 11 year# old ; one foal.	1 month*	old
In all respects, outside of this little *ccoJ,|,t <>* themselves. The likli-jof all in their great affliction.	Apply to Alex. Skaman. Yarm.
un pleasantest, the social was a J1/**1 1? ft* r.nen are 8<,me of	_ __	„
—— fi5^SU SSSffi.’SSJ? P
"te.aTh!r^usaV-ttî «sssî'iS'scs %% *""»
The “ food panic ’ whieh ma ni-	people to keep them from starving,	by a portion of the diving tower
fested itself in the large cities	The report that they alighted at Britannia, which collapsed, that !	ORc SA LB-Desirable	property	on
after war was declared, seems to from an aeroplane at theSehneaux he died next day. The young man , 2;r ”|f HwImL iShawvi,!îL Commo<,ioai1
first .........
tence in this neighborhood have pvrbamat	Boy Scouts, of which organization whit*, Shawville
been not a few during the past	MENTION | he Was a prominent member
week or so. People have been 1	^	, mniurv a - . .	..
«Sturts ssssyg	^¦swftaSiax'sSffiJS-
these commodities may soar to the her cousin, Mrs. P. E. Smiley.	Tredeau, beloved wife of Ernest «^carriage home, sound and gentle,
mut in price. From what we can Mr. David Hart, and family La lighten, aged 40 years and 8|JeHSHAW'
N ;h n upon careful inquiry there have removed from Bryson to this months. Her end was peace. I —	--—--------—
seems no reasonable cause for j village.	___ =— P0É nuW nimu	1
Hirht, will fo more to enhance	Milner Wwtboro. The late Mr*. Laughren’e remain*
value* of f<Kri*tuff. than any	«n town this week, a were brought lan k to rest on
fluence the war may have in that *"*8t of »'*" Alma Brownlee.	Pontiac mil by	her bereft husband,
behalf, unless it unhappily endures Mr. and Mrs. Tbos. Grant of	who arrived	with the same at
form much	longer	period than Quyon, spent Sunday in Shawville,	Wyman station	on Tuesday.	...
well-informed people	expect.	fluent# of Mr. and Mrs. Robert	From Wyman tfce	body wax con-	C°,N>PhlKT? CULVKRTS, PIPES AND
»"bb».	veyed to the home of the decern se,l\ wï11	tml,"	J
’ Mr. and Mm. 8. C McDowell and	father, where it	lay over night	m.nuf«< tur^ pip,,	u	t	M? Do well*
___	daughter, Adella, arrived	and next morning	was brought on	80s Shawriile Qe
Shawville team cinched it* hold «•t/!rda>r '*™>'ng from Vancouver. I ^ the station here and met by _
H haw villa V on « ••count nt *&«.# «ary prépara ticMia for the mraing	bnmght him to	his native home. 1 Retails #1	50	Big rummiwiions.
wZiïSè*	SW>ent ” Wet ‘llh V w- m, Wbi. 1 XV,II iMgin	antl this feeling	also g. J	II*»mr	Pi	hi fsaiao If ^
warmer.	j in a few weeks.	I the bereft family In the West. 1 :	& : 94, St. John, N. B
W. A. HODGINS
WILLIS COLLEGE
fit guaran
SHAWVILLE
School
BARGAINS
For quick buyers Left over from our Big Sale.
A lot of Child’s and Misses Shoes. These are priced at diculous figures. We may have the sizes you require-see them.
Little Girls’ Dresses
. A few left at Sale Prices . . Fancy Ginghams 8c. per yd. China Silks Prints
OTTAWA, ONT.
Mbs. James Gillies
re-
15
u
10
ti
A few Fancy Summer Parasols
worth $1.25 for 75 cents each.
About 20 Men s Soft Felt Hats, worth $1 25 to $2.00 for $1.00.
5 Men’s Hard Hats, size 64 only for 25c , and many other things at like prices.
We ran out of Sago and Tapioca during our Sale, but have since received a further supply, and for the next week will sell these articles at 4 lbs. for 25c.
F OU SA LE-The corner loi on Main street, Shawville. known a* the Shawville meat shop. comprising i shops and dwell
mg house. One of the best busi__________
stands in town. Good bargain to a cash bayer. W. J. Hayks. Shawville.
of
S
Horrors of War.
What i* the war about ! Few know
Our Book “ Thr Na-
fol
W.A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###

Wa* in Tornado,
(apt. Fox, who was in command «if the Amphion, was a midshipman board the British warship Calliope, the only w art hip w hich escaped destruction in the terrific Samoa tornado of 1889.
The Lance, which sank the tier-man mine layer, Koenigen Luise, is one of the newest types of destroyers, developing 27,000 horsepower, with a speed of 33 knots. She is armed with three 4 inch (|uickfirers and burns oil. Her tonnage is 5,100, and her complement 100 men.
HIDDEN SUBMARINE MINES
but when her eyes fell on Mane Edna she stopped short
“I beg your pardon,'
’ there must b# SOW mistake. This is Mrs. Carroll’s hat.
I am Mrs. Carroll Marie Edna,
de red the hat
The saleswoman bit her lip “This hat won’t do for you at all/
“No,” said Marie Edna J| I hideous. I wonder how in y bus band ever happened to select it He likes quiet things on me.”
“I’ll show you something else,’ quickly put in the saleswoman something more to your style
But the maggot that 1 Othello mad was working in Marie Edna’s brain.
“Did Mr. Carroll order this hat
himself !"
Again the saleswoman was fused. A business-like young woman stepped from the elevator and saved the situation :
“How dare you show my hat to customers 1 i leech less saleswoman glance fell on Marie Edna, and she understood in a flash.
“You are Mrs. Henry Carroll, aren’t you ?” the newcomer smiled. Perhaps you’ve heard your bus
I ant Miss Mar
jjrp i'iV l'ilTOi1 tTJ rJTiLC	iTJ

r
ALLOW ME TO PRESENT MY BEST FRIEND

she said
ia The Scarlet (If It
k
-
on
MOST TREAVHER0V8 MODE OF
WARFARE.
¦
replied and my husband or
AÎJâWiL«iWâ*i ^T1TJ
Marie Edna Carroll was madly in love with her husband. She was also jealous of him. Henry Carroll was not only handsome, but possessed of a magnetism that seemed to draw every woman to his feet in worship.
Marie Edna imagined The Carrolls had not been long married, and Henry's business affairs were often of a baffling nature. He never told his young wife of these things. He did not want to worry her. He merely eut down her allowance and grumbled at hard times.
% Modern Invention, and Then Are Only Two Method*of Fighting Them.
i
YEAST
CAKES
it is
H

4

\L least, so
Submarine mines are probably the most treacherous war auxiliaries used in modern warfare owing to their location being so well hid den from the all unsuspecting ves-Once they are hit all is over, f these w hich sunk the
+
E@
MU UI Ml EUT I* A It h Ell.
r
drove

r IN BUYING
I Yeast Cakes
I BE CAPEFUL TO } SPECIFY
ROYAL IZÎIZ
DECLINE SUBSTITUTES.
Van at! in n knight in the Old Voun* try Tells llin Story.
sel
E.W.GILLETT CO LTD. IUISmTi
toront°™ EJU
I
It was one «
4Ampfoion.	Sir Gilbert Parker, the Cana
The use of the submarine m m dian-hurn author, has just told his as a legitimate weapon of defence , ]jfe s#ory A Mritirh journal. He
and offense n warfare i ed the v.IXv
seal of international authority tor gy father was a British officer the first time during the American (,f artillery, who first went to Van-Civil War. Tactical and local con- u<|a m t,j8 very young manhood, at ditions determine the location of the | (he time of the Rebellion in 1837, system of submarine mines for any j and went out again before troops harbor, the former dealing with the were finally w ithdrawn from the relation of the mines with refer- Dominion . When they were with-enee to the other elements of the drawn lie decided to settle there, defence ; the latter with width and While 1 was taking my univer-depth of channel, swiftness of cur rent and variations of tide.
Submarine mines are either buoyant or ground mines and in general nf four kinds, (l) observation (2) electro contact mines ; (3)
WINNIMO
con
Also, it was his belief that the less a woman knows of her husband s business the better for him and her. It was, perhaps, this attitude on her husband’s part that made Marie Edna so curious—even
He treated her as a
NEWS ACROSS 1HE BORDER
CANARIAN RANK RILLS
she demanded of the
Then her
Government Authorises Payment in Rills Instead of in Gold Pieces.
HIIAT IS GOING ON OVER IN
THE STATES.
suspicious child, a spoiled child, and Mai Edna wanted to be treated as a
To prevent any uneasiness or unnecessary trouble on the part of those not familiar with financial matters, and with the strength of Canadian banking system, the Minister of Finance has issued a timely and reassuring statement.
He outlines the effective steps which the Government is taking to ensure an abundant supply of currency during the war, and authorizes payments in Bank Notes instead of in Dominion Notes or Gold.
That is to say, the familiar $.V $10 and $20 bills, and those of higher denominations, issued by Canadian Chartered Banks, have now exactly the same value as gold.
grownup.
One night they were sitting in
Henry «SI sb
Marie
hand speak of
By telephone the other
Latest Happenings in Big Republic Condensed for Busy Headers.
hi tv course, 1 was tutoring and lecturing at twenty and twenty-one. I fancy that it was easier fur me to speak then than it is now. Eloquence is the easiest thing to acquire—thought is a different acquisition altogether.
1 did not begin to write for the public till I landed in Australia, a boy of twenty-one. I had no intention of staying there, but had gone to the South Seas on a trip for my health with the money 1 had saved At twenty-two I lectured in the chief cities of Australia, made a big journey in the interior, and about to sail for England when 1 ffered the post of associate editor of the Sydney Morning Her aid at a salary which, including payment for extra work, represented four figures. 1 omitted to state that I landed in Australia with £60.
our
the living room sorbed in his newspaper Edna was looking at him with that longing that a wife so often has for cove nation when her husband sits comfortably before the fire, paper in one hand, cigar in the other.
telephi rang reached for the instrument
quam
ht 1 agreed to work overtime to get out some maps vital to the sue-f the trade he is working on.
That's why I
cess <
1 got out t hi maps
ordered the bill for this hat sent to him."
The Grand Trunk docks at Seattlf have been destroyed by Are.
Twenty persons were Injured In i panic on a Newark street car, whet a fuse blew out.
Cotton dropped to $4 a bale In New Orleans as a result of the peselmla tic reports from Europe.
The Connells ville, Pa., coke regiot reports an Increase of over 300 ovens tired during the last week.
Twenty tons of gold consigned tc the sub treasury arrived 1» Wall Street by parcel post from Phi lad el phla._____________.	_____
are
electro mechanical mines, and (4) extemporized mines of the second and third classes have the firing mechanism in a floating buoy.	\
Hen n
The
Ground mines
understanding! y
Oh
came
from Marie Edna
"Ah." sighed th< a les woman, in
he said carelessly. Marie Edna heard the accents of a feminine voice at the other end of
the line.
‘ You don't say!”
“Yes."
“Yes."
' Yes.
‘ I'll depend upon you
Hellt
relief.
A few hours later Marie Edna nestled in her husband's anus have some news for you, dear,
but first I want to
Coni rolled on Shore
1
our
he
Observation mines are controlled front a distant observation station, generally on shore, and tired by electricity when the target arrives over the mine
usually only about 10 feet under the water and this method is ¦¦ times called judgment firing
Electro-contact mines are intend ed for explosion in actual contact with a h p's U.ttom, and explodt
violent blow
was saying apologize for my ill temper these
I've been so worried
and you
was
Railways, express merchants, everybody in Canada, will continue to receive and make payments in Rank Notes | Canadian Ranks are in splendid position to meet any demands which may be made upon them, as their
are exceptionally strong.
companies
past YYVrkl
financially, sweetheart
have been su brave and patient
with me.
“Rut it is all over now, dear, and you can have ten tailored suits and twenty new hats if you want
them, honey
working on is finished, and we have
$30,000 in the bank.
Marie Edna’s cheeks flamed scar let, as she w hispered :
“Dear, it is I who should a polo gize to you ; for misunderstand
Good
was <
A tuberculosis census Is to be takes In thousands of churches throughout the United States next September Mrs. Thomas Cranshaw took pity on a negro tramp and fed him a reward, he robbed her of a gold watch and diamond ring.
New York theatrical managers are worrying lest the European cloud will bold up many performers who are summering abroad.
mu ¦ !	... J i „ John Carroll, an 18 year-old New
The hen s egg. although weighing Yorkpr had bis arm so badly lacer
but 2 to Hi oz., is a very myeten- ated that he fell unconscious, when
ous little thing. Whilst the sex of he attempted to pet a French pood*
an egg before the latter has been A Pittsburgh firm Is said to haxo
inc ubated, cannot be ascertained. I received orders for I”»1™*
i »....* "«»'•: ¦«	<*•¦¦ Kjsra nxsixxA
hand, to discover the quality of the New York hotel proprietors fear a,' contents before breaking the egg. "waiter famine.” Many Austrian) If the egg rattles when gently ahak- waiters have already signified the i en it may be considered a stale one, Intention of going home d ar*
more or lew, in which the content.	M Lâvtne. of th«J
have becom- decomposed. The beat CoaiteAltlller7i .rationed at Fort Tod method foi a wife to adopt to as- tPn Ixmg i„iand, may lose the sight certaii the freshness of purchased 0f bis right eye as the result of aj eggs is the salt test. Dissolve six mosquito bite.
ounces of ordinary salt in a turn- New ^ork wholesale poultry des*
....  p!»" •>»/“ kSSI.”
therein. If a genuine new laid nr- ment nIld Mnd t0 increase the wèlght tide, the egg will sink just below 0f *betr produce.	>
the surface. After seven days it Thousands of fish were stunned andi will float, and the more it protrudes flung to the surface when four marj
t	”
good only in parts will, singularly Frightened when a wounded spalk enough, lose much of its staleness row fell on her hat and became tang-j during its swim in the frying pan. led In It, Mrs. Floyd Nesbitt overj The secret is well known to certain turned her canoe and was nearly
*53? as. zzÆ.., «.
poration, say# he sees no reason why American business financial prosperity should not continue, despite the present European crisis.
While pruning trees, William Rid kefs, a Passaic man. slipped and fellj ;e I gashing his hand with his pruning;
To make matters worse h« then attacked by his own bull.
These mines are
bve
Our
It was Hr ni \ s part t<» the con ver Ration
some
He returned to his pa
Af
l>er
Marie Edna's cheeks were scar let. “Well,” she demanded. “Well!” he replied.
‘ 1 want to know who that wo and what you were talk said the young wife
reserves
The trade I've been
r
upon receiving a upon being tilted sidewise to angle sufficient to close the electric circuit contained in the mine. In
this circuit-closing deconsists of an iron ball in a
an
The Mysterious Egg
man was ing about
hot a
aw i*
9
It was a conversation that did
retorted the
some .cases
le<

not concern you young husband in disgust .
"It does concern me or you would
in those suspicious Iv
vice
circular seat, which rolls against contact springs, and in others of a body of mercury contact with ft f
nig
Perhaps we were both a little
the man added, softly.
bstinate
which comes in pindle when the tipped, and this completes the electric circuit. This method is called automatic firing. Mines are usually arranged for combination firing, that is. for either judgment or automatic firing.
Electro-mechanical mines differ from electro-contact mines in thaï thev themselves contain the firing
not answer
monosyllables. When a man conducts a telephone conversation in
monosyllables, there is usually I Thoughts About Pleasure.
•omr thing clandestine about it.”	]Mea8Ure usei| jn rightful moder
from an inner pocki-t,	and,	for	c..me bark and hit—hard The only	powder or gun-cotton, and	fitting
hour» absorbed himself in the	fig	| kind of pleasure of which one can	an electrical fuse to it.
urcs thereupon	•	never tire is that of giving it to Submarine mines, except	purely
When the young wife	wakened	others. The old maxim about	auto„iatic floating mines used in
the next morning	her	husband	had	Business first is not dead yet, hi	emergencies, are controlled from
It was	a	wav	he	had	when	1 ,onR c,ial“- No decent man or	t,|ie mining case-mate on shore,
man can navt a th«> igh enjoy ^ u >, recei es its information and ment of pleasure while many tasks	orjer8 from the mine commander
shouting to be done. Half the	stationed in his observing tower,
of the foolish comes from	^he mines are planted in several
lines, so as to compel hostile vessels to pass in range of more than one
p
mine is

4:.

Sir Gilbert Parker
I had the good fortune when in connection with the Sydney Morning Herald to make trips as its Special Commissioner to different parts of tihe South Sea*.
Then 1 began to write plays.
Play-writing, not fiction, was my first appeal to the general public.
George Rignold, who was famous
for his acting of Henry V., pro Many unsuspected virtues reside Them	duced three plays of mine, all of in the humble onion. To ease neu-
wbich were successful, and brought ralgia or rheumatic pains _
Submarine mines are usually at me in more cash than I had ever nothing better than an onion poul-tacked by counter-mining, which thought of having from the pen, tice. Very few people know that.
consists	in	laying	a	fresh	line	of	and kudos	beyond	my modeal	As	a remedy for sleeplessness	try	Two girls and four boys were bitten
mines across	or	near	a	mii>e	field,	dreams.	the	effect of eating a Spanish onion	by a mad cat In Gotham. The feline
md	in	causing	the explosion	of	the	I wish I	had	a heartrending tale	before retiring and eaten after	bad been abandoned by a woman who
..Id	mines	by	the cusnion	resulting	to tell of	Use	attic or the garret	wards will prevent any disagree-	hiTnaer '-
from firing the new ones Another | and the meel at the cab-shelter. I able taste or emell. Scorched linen Kor threatening to kill him wtfe^
have not, but I	did	not work	the	can	be restored by squeezing	the	EJwara Trelach. Wesihampton, Heach
loss hard for	all	that.	juice of an onion on the marks.	The	j,j , got 30 days In Jail For stealing
In Australia I worked fifteen nmell of paint can be removed if a a chicken from Trelech, Jam. Reevt hours a day. To-day I eupfw *e 1 saucerful of sliced onion is placed Put *n eame ia,I f°r days
SSrH SmiEi
not allowing my feclingw to control on ttn excellent blood purifier, promise by Miss Catharine Kobryno
my	,	... n i m . : .	it* continued use make* the	wlcs.
“Pierre	and	His Peop!e; which	^mplexion peculiarly smooth A	Baltimore	fertiliser manufacturer*
m* rotational in it. .ales.	Utter are w^cd |„ onion water
gone
there had been unpleasantness the night before.
A few days later Marie Edna demanded of Henry the money for a hat and tailor suit. She had
wc

are m i
confusing happiness with that very shoddy imitation, gaiety false religion that condemns all pleasure. The abuse, and not the use of it, is wrong.
new
not a charge account.
“Marie Edna,” the man said gen t'v. but firmly
are pushing me very hard thought you understood that cannot afford to let you run up any bills now working on now goes through, you
Bv
Now, that is final,
The Humble Onion
Tis
mine
affairs downtown

I
ere

I
CONGENIAL WORK
dog
If the trade I'm
A ml Strength to Perform It.
A person in gmd health is likely to have a genial disposition, ambition, and enjoy work.
On the other hand, if the digestive organs have been upset by wrong food, work becomes drud gerv
have anything you want
can
wait
dear.”
method of attack is by sweeping, which consists of sending a pair of boats, connected bv means of cables fitted with grappling irons, and sometimes with explosive charges, to drag over suspecting mine field*.
• Innocent Suffered.
Owing to the havoc created among neutral vessels during the Russo-Japanese war, and among all «hipping for several years, by drifting mines floated in the vicinity of Port Arthur, the Hague conference in 1907 forbade the use of unanchored mines, or of anchored mines broken lose from their cables except they were of a type which became harmless soon after; also the placing of mines along the coasts and in front of the ports of an enemy with tiie intent to destroy commerce. At the close of a war all belligerents are to remove mines they have ï u ited. The rules were to remain in fore# seven years
Marie Edna stood at the window and watched her husband as he ked toward the station. A fine-looking chap he
tailored, his linen immaculate. She thought of her own pitiful ward robe; a wardrobe that boasted only of the remnants of her trou seau Why couldn't Henry understand that she simply must have-clothes ’ She had no glove* to wear to the matinee. Her suit was shabby. She thought of the well fitting suits that she had been used to ; the ones that father had always provided ; and, softly, she began to
wa
was, clean-cut, His clothes were well
“Until recently, writes a Western girl, “I was a railroad stenographer, which means full work every day
“Like many other girls alone in a large city, I lived at a boarding house. For breakfast it was mush, greasy meat, soggy cakes, black coffee, etc.
“After a few months of this diet I used to feel sleepy and heavy in the mornings. My work seemed a terrible effort, and I thought the work was to blame—too arduous “At home I had heard m/ father speak of a young fellow who went long distances in the cold on Grape Nuts and cream and nothing more for breakfast.
“I concluded if it would tide him
to try."	[might help me, so on my way home
Marie Edna stammered some- one night I bought a package, and
thing and hung up the receiver. ! next morning 1 had Grape-Nuts
Her hat was ready! At Lurkmans and milk for breakfast.
—one of the smartest hat shops on “I stuck to Grape Nuts, and in
the avenue!	le sa than two weeks I noticed im
Then it downed on her ! Henry provenant. I remember I u«ed to
walk the 12 blocks to business and
an
slble

THOUGHTS 10» THE HAY.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS
*
cry
It was the next morning that Marie Edna answered the telephone.
This is Lurkman s talking, Mrs. ' a voice came over the Your hat is ready for you
To-day’" neglect spells to^mor-	wir| H#* a Belter dinner.	Happiness Is not given exclusively
row’s worry.	.	,	.	to any one period of life; it may be
Many a woman s imagination In almost all civilized countries fn;4,ve<j bv all.—Paley.
makes her an invalid.	women outnumber men, and	this	Old wood ia best to burn.
Borne women sweeten their tea	to the hi«her wine to drink ; old friend* to trust;
with gossip Instead of *ugar	birthrate of Jlrl hah*«*I yet stalls and oW ailthori to read -Alphon-
A cat will not look at a king if tioe e"ow W* boys are born to there is a mouse in sight	evffv I™ girls. According to	fig	*n,e nobleet service comes from,
An economical woman	tries	to	ures compiled by a statistician	the	nameless hands, and the best ser
make her waist as small as possible	pin has • better chance t*.an	the	vant does bia work unBeen.-0. W.
Every little helps-especially lit- boy of attaining maturity.	Holme*.
tie kicks when you're going down	------g________ Adversity is hard upon a man, but
---	.	•	» n	. .	for one man who can stand prœpar-
lf die bride ha* seven gowns the	* "<”*"¦* Act.	jly there are a hundred who will
honeymoon wUl last at least a Wife (pleadingly) — I'm afraid, .Und adversity.—Carlyle.
-ek.	, ie ilt	you do not love me *py more Never fear to bring the sisblim-
Make a Way fo» luck if you will, — pnyway, not so well as you used motive to the smallest dut)', and but remember it Is work W" tu.	the most infinite comfort to the
Mgpv a fgol man has worked hUn-	|1 u i.. d Why I	smallest trouble- Phillips Brooke,
self to death trying to earn money	Wife—^ yoy always let me Never repine at misfortune, or
to keep up the premiums on his get un to light the fire now.	envy ihe happ	*	1
life Imrtoee,	mg loj. ! it U
Experience U » *re,t tescher, but Yow getâàpg up to Mght tfie Are # rlgb, i,dgms«t <,f there ere we ooooeiUd men who | mate, me love you all tàe mere, gufferln^ -A<M w n srine they can give experience rds and spades and beat it at the teaching game.
old
Carroll.'
wire
sue
Britain Opposed It.
The British Government has always opposed mine-laying in shal low water as a disloyal and cruel form of war, cruel because It Is directed largely against merchant shipping, and eu may cause heavy sacrifice of life among innocent non combatants, women and children, because It is often carried out, as n this case, bv vessels taken over
marina,
British envoys to The Hague Oon fermer in 1907 roads earnest efforts to secure prohibition of mines, but were defeated by the opposition of Germany for reasons which are now clearly understood.
hill

“rt'wïth Im! It Ï1Î his w»y Uew bow good it «»• «Imply to apologising. He hsd ordered . b.t	m, work-we„, dU you
' SI,/ flew into her street clothes.	the dcbght of hsvmg con
=—-a™ g^F--,-*-
v ntt asr « ç-î.ssp
r* •	n Fileswoman appeared Bpp#art frsw time is ue
with a v enderful scarlet creation, gswwiws, tree, swa f»i; e# h
we
i
rom the me
ness (if another, since
t< tof* neighbor's
r for an^ man
Reed The in pkg*
!m
We feel sorry for the avrsage
A woman should never grt mar ried until she can afford it

Thsy # l*t
in
###PAGE###3###
thinly peeled rind of four oranges in water to remove the bitter taste. When tender pound up with half a pound of sugar, four ounce#) of bu-t-ter and the y dike of aix eggs. Heat' the mixture well and add the juif# of the oranges; should the oranges be large only use the juice of two. Have ready some small patty pans or two large ones, line with puff paste, put in the mixture and bake. The whites may be used for meringues, etc.

ADVENTURE WITH SAVAGES


HOME

'4

British Crew Captured by Sumatrans Had Thrilling Experience While Waiting to be Ransomed


Jelly Recipes.
V
( renia di Lei lie.—Heat one and a half pints of new milk over a slow fire with the the thinly pared rind of half a lemon. Heat a whole egg and the yolks of three more till light, then mix in two ounces of sifted mu-
K.r and four table,panfuls of dried	Th(-re . a„ awflll ,ameneii usual-
drape, the .poon. Have ready a afid turni all(J a cupfu| and a half layer of ralafrn, and macaroon*	^	carrot and celery.
Fflf: S-C s ; sat	rssti j
mto tin, and atrew ground cmna- ? ful o( can„ed tomatoes and a
£U? z ser^.tSti,Ti3i
brandy served separately.	One recipe for vegetable soup
1 cllow ( HHtard Jelly. Put one without meat stock is this :	Boil
pint of milk in a pan with one-half t)ir#.e quarts of water and add to it an ounce of leaf gelatine, dissolve the gelatine in the milk, letting it boil up, then add two ounces of sugar and when the milk lias cooled a little and the sugar is dissolved stir in the beaten yolks of four eggs, taking care however not to let the mixture boil ; flavor with vanilla and when nicely thickened pour into « a border mould and leave till set. I when you fill up the centre with iced gooseberry fool. For the gooseberry fool stew very slowly one quart of green gooseberries, after topping and tailing them, with half a pound of sugar, three or four strips of finely pared lemon peel and just sufficient water to prevent their burning. When tender rub them carefully through a fine sieve (ad ding a drop or two of vegetable green coloring, but be careful with this), and a wine-glass of maras chi no liqueur syrup, a squeeze of lemon juice and half a pint of stif fly whipped cream (or failing this use custard) ; and either freeze in a freezer or pack into a tin, cover down tightly and bury in ice and freezing salt for some hours fool must be stirred up from the bottom and sides occasionally to make it set evenly and smoothly.
Any fruit can be prepared in this
t
all been more or less seriously wounded. I had a spear-thrust through the muscle of my arm, the scar of which I carry to this day, and our quartermaster had a spear driven right through his leg, while the captain had a very narrow shave, a spear, as it whistled through the air, taking the skin off one side of his face.
Many of the natives lay about the deck stunned by our blows, while several of their boats had been damaged Sails had been knocked down, and here and there men lay apparently lifeless on the logs of which the craft were constructed.
Once overpowered, we were quickly rendered incapable of offering further resistance, our hands and arms being securely tied with grass ropes. Our captors were half naked, brown-skinned savages, from five feet mix inches to five feet eight inches in height, fairly muscular, and as nimble as kittens. Their bodies were greased with cocoa nut oil, which made it very difficult to grapple with them, while tiruy wt re armed with mpears, a kind of tomahawk, axes, and a few old flintlock muskets. Once masters of the situation, they quickly made us understand by sign* that we were to leave the ship and go ashore with them. Then, two or three savages gripping each man, they literally tossed us over the aide of the ship into the water, where we were .picked up by their conn tenions and placed upon the catamarans. Sails were then set, paddles got out, and we made for the shore.
Not being able to speak their language, and the savages being very excitable and jabbering incessantly, our thoughts were anything hut
o n ea
kjll and eat us, or were tiny goinfc slowly to torture us to death ? We had heard the stories of the cruelties they had inflicted upon other shipwrecked crews, and r guided our fate as virtually sealed. We could not make head or tail of their intentions, however, except that it was clear they did not mean a single one of us to escape.
After they bad beached their boats the Aohineee made signs to us that we were to follow them. Several of them, heavily armed, led the way and we sailors followed, absolutely surrounded by our captors. They plunged into the jungle, traveling in a more or lees straight line, and thus we tramped along for several hours through thick tropical forests, which taxed our strength and patience, for fettered as we were, we often caught our feet and fell helplessly among the thick roots that littered the ground, while horrible thorns tore our clothes and slashed our bodies.
We journeyed on through that interminable forest for some seven or eight hours until we were utterly exhausted from fatigue and want of food. All we had to eat on the march was some wild fruit, which our captors gathered in the jungle, and an occasional drink from some
For the crew of a British ship, numbering 38 hands, to be attacked and overpowered on the high seas by a band of savage pirates, and then whisked away and held prisoners for a period of over five months in the wilds of Sumatra, where they endured tortures and sufferings from which they Were released only by the payment of a heavy ransom
by a European government, savors more of romance than reality. Yet such was the fate that befell my Coni|Mmiuns and me, of the good ship Nisero, in the year 1889, says the Wide World Magazine.
The Nisero, which belonged to D. G. Pinkney k Sons of Sunderland and London, was a cargo steamer trading between Great Britain and the East. She was capable of carrying about 3,700 tons of freight, mid in those days was considered quite a big ship. She was in command of Captain Charles Hoodruff, assisted by the usual complement of officers and crew, my position on the vessel being that of steward. All told, we numbered 88 hands, every one of them a British subject.
It was in the February of the year named that we loaded un at Sunderland with a cargo of coal, bound for Colombo. The voyage out was quite uneventful. We discharged our black diamonds at Colombo and then proceeded in ballast to Batavia, in Java, to load up sugar for New York. Steaming across the Indian Ocean we sighted the northern point of Sumatra safely, paased Brasse island, and then hugged the coast, steering for Diamond Point, with the intention of entering the Malacca strait. Everything went well, until the early hours of May 29th. when we ran into a particularly heavy fog. The ship’s head was put out to sea, and we went dead slow. Despite these precautions, however, we touched bottom, and it was not long before we discovered that the ship was hard and fast I. We could distinctly hear




Vegetable Soups.
A

[

NV* /

>


t
\


& ill d





>
»/


1


a cupful of chopped onions and the same amount of minced turniji and minced carrot, four cupfuls of shredded cabbage, a chopped leek and two tab le spoonful* each of minced celery and minced green pepper. Boil rapidly for 12 minutes and then simmer gently for an hour. Then add two tomatoes, or two cupfuls of canned tomato and two cupfuls of raw potato sliced. Cook for another hour and then add two tablespoonfuls of butter, two or three teaspoonfuls of salt and some
l)u not put the cover


; m

m?

I'rmccs* Margaret of C onnaught in Swedish Garb.
Princess Margaret of Connaught and her husband Prince of Sweden, at the innauguration of the Centennial Agricul
ural Exhibition at Mai mo dressed in Swedish national costume, received a procession of 1,000 peasants wearing the local costumes of every part of the country.
r*
mm

the Crown
On that occasion Princess Margaret

pepper
closely over this soup at any time during tlhe cooking.
Another recipe for vegetable soup w ithout meat «took is this : Chop a bunch of celery, a sweet potato, a parsnip, a turnip, two onions, a carrot, a white potato and a sprig of parsley. Add a little thvme and simmer with «even pints of water until the vegetables are tender. Hub through a sieve and return to the fire. Then add a tablespoonful of butter, rubbed smooth with two tablespoonfuls of flour and added first to a little of the hot soup. Stir over the fire for five minutes and serve.
Another vegetable puree, of which stock is an ingredient, is made in this way: Boil slowly until tender in stock enough to cover half a cup ful each of chopped potatoes, leeks, onions, carrots, parsnips and turnips. Then add salt, pepper and other seasoning to taate and rub through a sieve. Melt four tablespoonfuls of butter over the fire, and w hen it bubbles, add a table -spoonful of flour. Gradually pour on the puree and stir over the fire for four minutes. Then reduce the heat and add two well beaten eggs mixed with a little milk. Serve
Climbing the trees for fruit and nuts played havoc with our clothe#, which were soon in ribbons. Many of the men. moreover, had been wearing little at the time of capture. When the ship was attacked the men below dashed up on deck in their trouser* and shirts and these scanty garments were now in the last stages of disrepair natives took our watches and chains, our pipes and tobacco and every article we possessed that they fancied. They even took the rings off the captain’s fingers. It was not long before we defected in the village many articles from the Nisero in the form of rope# canvas, awn ingis.-sails, chains and tools. Bars of steel it ere brought from the en-1 pine room, add out of these the na-ffives fashioned improvised ham I mers and ax heads. They even brought the ship's chronometer ashore. This they evidently regarded as a curio, for it warn broken up and the works distributed among the chiefs.
These garments they often wore, especially on festive occasions, when they presented a comical sight. One would be seen parading about in a shirt, another in a vest and a third in a sou -wester cap. As we watched them, men would ruefully remark :	“There goes my
shirt !” “There goee my coat :	and
we placed cocoanut leaves dipped in water over the tender skin The leave* were very cooling, and in time the wounds healed.


About the end of June the name fate befell another man, Murphy by name, bivt the poor fellow died some weeks later. In this came the savages, with fiiendish cruelty, burnt his feet as well as his hands, with the result that Murphy co-uld not walk. We made him up a bed of dried leaves, and in our rough-and-ready way did everything we could for him, bathing his burns and poulticing with cocoanut leaves. Nevertheless, our comrade grew rapidly worse, and toward the end prayed for death -to release him from his sufferings. Alson, another ablebodied seaman, who Assayed a bolt, was subjected to a like ordeal, while I still carry the soars of bums I received as a punishment for trying to escape. The torture by burning was unspeakably painful and was always carried out in the presence of the whole village. When the captive was brought back tomtoms were beaten and very soon the clearing would be crowded with savages. Then the fire would be lit, the prisoner brought out and the cruel punishment inflicted. Being bound and securely held, there was
The men often fainted
Did

ey met*.n to
•J!
The
agrou
the sound of breakers which told us we had not run ashore. Apparently we had grounded op some uncharted reef, and at first we did not regard the matter very seriously. All we had to do, we thought, wa< to make everything secure a J wait until the log lifted and the tide rose, when we should float off with out damage.
It was about 5 o’clock in the morning when the ship struck—as we discovered later—opposite a place called Point Nyes, about half between Brasse Island and Diamond Point, on the northern coast ^Sumatra. About an hour and a naît nLv>, when the fog began to lift a little, the lookout somewhat astonished us by reporting more than a dozen large native catamar-under full sail, bearing down We crowded to the ship’s
*1»
The
in
wav
Orange C'hevKeeakvs.—Boil	the
ported having seen our vessel ashore, and on assistance being sent to her it was discovered that not a single member of the crew remained on board. There were traces of a fight, however, and the wreckage
of the ship found on the shore made it clear that we had been overpowered and carried off into the
jungle.
The matter was at once brought to the notice of the Dutch «government, which was asked to ascertain what had become of us, and by dint of many inquiries at last discovered our whereabouts. Word was sent, through the natives, to the chief who held us prisoners that we were to be at once released, but this the chief refused to do without first receiving a ransom. He threat ened to massacre us if soldiers were sent against him. We learned all this from our rescuers. They in formed us that the matter had been brought before the British House of Commons by Samuel Storey, then M.P. from Sunderland, and that the British people were very incensed at the inability of the Dutch to release us. The British foreign office had insisted on something being done, and that was why they had come to bargain with the chief. There were certain preliminaries to be gone through, but we should undoubtedly be free abortly Now and then we could not help was indeed joyful news, being struck with the humor of the The soldiers pitched their tents situation. Not only did the na- c|<>ge to us, and that night we had lives bring everything movable the pleasure of tasting hot coffee, away from the ship, but our clothes | eating properly cooked European as well
wav
-1

with croutons
ans
upon
rail and peered through the fog in the direction of the coming boats, speculating as to whether they would prove to be friends or foes.
We had not long to wait to settle this point. Through his glasses the captain saw that the boats were crowded with armed savages, and they drew near we realized that they were the dreaded Achinese, a powerful and warlike tribe who inhabit the northern portion of Sumatra. and whom the Dutch even to this day have not completely subdued. They are notorious pirates, and had evidently come out to rob us, if not to kill ua.
It was impossible to get the ship and accordingly preparations
made to keep our foes at bay, That first night, we were too worn fo» we knew that if we allowed them out to do anything but sleep, but to board us we should be at their as day succeeded day, and we re
Rockets were fired and maimed cooped up in that wretched allots sent in the direction of the shed we began to discuss the seri-coming boats in the hope that the ousneas of our plight and racked savages would be frightened off. our brains for a means of escape. Still, however, they bore down up- Twenty-eight Britishers were not When they were within hail- likely to submit tamely to captiv-
We had not
Household Hints.
If you wish fish to be crisp. <io not cover it while cooking.
When ironing, have a number vf coat hangers upon which to put waists, children’s dresses, etc.
When serving apples whole on the table, polish them with olive oil.
Meat should be removed from the paper as soon as it comes from the market, otherwise the paper will absorb some of the juices.
A spoonful of kerosene put into the clothes boiler will make the clothes white and sweet. There will be no odor of the kerosene when the clothes are dried.
i Several thicknesses of disks cut from the good portions of the kitdfi-en oilcloth make excellent mats to put under the flower pots in the various window*.
In summer find must be carefully jt watched or it will spoil. If the milk bottle stands on the doorsteps a minute too long, the milk may turn
no escape
from the awful pain, while the Ach inese gloatingly watched their suf faring*
wound up the proceedings with a dance.
so on.
Meanwhile, the days of our imprisonment passed slowly and wearily by, and no whisper from the outside world reached us. One day was very much like another. When the sun rose we would leave our bed of dried leaves, stroll down to the stream and perform our ablutions, often indulging in a swim. Our next task would be to cook enough rice to last us the day. We ate for breakfast, for dinner, and also for supner, and we soon came to loathe it. After breakfast we would wander into the adjacent
, jungle, which we were allowed to for we often heard the roarings at ^0—avs accompanied, however,
night. There were leopard# and by #ome of the natives—to hunt for jaguar*, we knew, and also enorm- fru* When night came and we ous pythons. To Imve e*ca|**d from turned in we were greatly troubled one savage tribe into the hands of ^ myriad* of voracious mosquitoes another would not have improved	gif*,
matters, and it seemed as if this was tihe most we could hope for if we succeeded in avoiding the wild beasts and snakes.
The pirates invariably
After quite a number of men had suffered this ordeal by fire we began to recognize that it was impossible, fur us to get away. Possessing no compass and knowing nothing about the country not even know in what direction to All around us was thick jungle, in some places absolutely impene trahie. What dangers lurked there we did not know', but we were well aware that it contained wild beast*,
stream.
The Achinese made it very plain to us by eloquent signs that any attempt to get away would mean severe punishment, if not death Here, held as prisoners by our savage captors, we were destined to spend five weary and anxious months, knowing nothing of what was going on in the outside world and in ignorance of our ultimate fate.
AS
did
we

away
were
meres
sour.
A little vinegar added to water in which vegetable* are washed will prove effectual in removing the dirt and insects. Salt will do the sime
on us
iug distance we shouted to them, ity among savages making it clear that we did not want been among the natives more than them to approach nearer. Never- a fortnight, when Quartermaster the less, they came on taking not the Potter, a big sturdy fellow, at slightest notice of our shouts and tempted to regain his liberty bv threat* As they drew closer we quietly creeping out of camp at realized more than ever that their night. This was not easy, for, in mission was not one of peace, and addition to the guards around our that if we valued our lives they must prison, there were a dozen or more be kept away from the ship at all fires encircling us, the glow of which costs. Occasional shots from the revealed our every movement. Pot captain1* revolver troubled them ter told us of hi* intentions, and little, and as our armory was small, though none of us cared to join him consisting only of aome four or five juat then-we fek it waa practical-guns, and there wa* little ammuni I y hopeless—we wished him luck, tion to spare, other measures had and grew quite excited when we dis to be sought to keep our dreaded covered that he had actually got foes at bay.	away. It was a shortlived freedom,
It was clear that this was not the however, for about 9 o clock on the first Whip these men had attacked, next morning he was brought back Presently, by a clever maneuver, by a band of savages The ^oor fel^ they spread out in an immense cir- low was almost naked, the little cle and completely surrounded ua ; clothing he possessed having been then, dashing in simultaneously, torn off him by his angry captors.
they began to clamber on deck, Potter waa given a punishment climbing up the aides of the ship like which more than one of us was com monkeys by means of bamboo poles pefled to suffer before we were ul-snd grass ropes with hooka at the tmwtely released Making a hot end*, which they flung upward, thus fire, the Achinese tied his hands to obtaining a grip on the ship’s gether, and then, by means of corde
2:1"	2 JhS*J5
burW Wk clean into the wetor, burnt and blistered For day# Po*	^ ®,'k r
but it wee a short Ajbt, tor we were ter wa# completely crippled and in	„	¦ *£*"
hopelessly outnumbered and secure great pain, and we bed to feed him wa> o<* reryntraljMiy to healthy.
b Uvund. th'-u;h not until we had like a baby. To alienate We a# ay «eerous
None of ua got more than a few miles into the jungle before we were overtaken, for the natives were expert trackers. Our experiences were practically identical fugitives were suddenly pounced up on by the savages, who emerged from behind trees and bushes when we imagined no one was following
food, and indulging in a smoke
One morning, when we had been I the first for ages.* Never was there just over four months, we meal ## satisfying and a smoke so found the natives greatly tlarmed soothing to troubled nerves.
It was clear that something un-1 Next morning our captain left us, house, is to open the	\	& in
usual was about to happen. The jn company with some of the sol- each room in the house, hv:h tap young bloods were greasing their diers and chiefs. There was to be	bottom, for a auitah • pen**l
bodies, fondling their spears, and a palaver with the chief who claim evert morning, and remember that marching to and fro. Were we be ed us, and who was away at the 11 ls easier to heat a house that is During our imprisonment among ing attacked by a rival tribe, or time, one of the conditions being not full-of vitiated a r. the A Chinese we were fed on rice. A what was it ? Just after noon we that the captain was to be present. After the carpets have b «n heat-bagful of this grain, with the husks heard shouts, but they were not As the days wore on naturally we 'n the °Pe® a‘r aiK* re s*d wipe on, were brought every morning by war cries, and then a band of na speculated as to what was happen the surface with a dean flinnr that one of the natives and flung down	lives, many of whom we had never	ing. though our Dutch friends as-	has been wrung out	of wam	water
before ua We had to separate the	*een before, stepped into the clear	sured us that it waa only a matter	softened by the add	t ion of a	tab e
rice from the husks and then cook ing, followed by a troop of some 50 of arrangement. Twelve days later, spoonful of liquid ammonia to the it in a sort of cauldron over a fire European soldier#, dressed in light! to our dismay, the soldiers were pint. As soon as the flanuc is eoti-which we k ndied with an old flint, blue uniforms and peaked caps, and called away, but returned next ed rinse it, and when tilt who e car Water we obtained from an adja led by a smart little officer. They morning, and great was our joy pet has been treated set th window cent stream, fetching it in a kind mere Dutchmen, and we could not when they informed ue that we were and door open to get a draught, and of old pail we found. To wary our help giving them a rousing cheer, now free, and were to accompany avoid walking over the carpet until diet of rice we had various kinds of which they promptly answered j them to the coast. Our liberty had it is quite dig.
wild fruit, such as mangoes.	Without more ado thev strolled over	been bought by the Dutch govern*	Dark rooms bring	depression o4
oranges fig# apples, tomatoes and	to us, shook hand# with us warm	ment, which had agreed to give the	spirits, imparl ing a	sense of	oon
ooeoanut*. These we either picked 1y, and plied us with questions con natives 18.000 guiklen- shout £l,* finement, of isolation, of pow -rl from the forest bordering the clear- cerning oar health. Never had 000. Thus ended our captivity of ness, which is chilling to energy ing or obtained from the natives, we seen faces that cheered us so five months and three days among and vigor; but in Tight is go,*j We induced the native boys to much as those of these sunburnt one of the most warlike and danger- cheer. Even in a gloomy house, climb the ooeoanut trees and throw sods of Holland I Nearly all ol ous tribes of Sumatra We soon where walls and furniture are
them spoke English and we thanked1 reached Sarawak, where we found dingy and brown, you have but to heaven that we had been found and | our captain awaiting ua, and from takedown the heavy eurtsins. open
le to Eng the window, let light stream in and
gloom vanishes, sod ears And

To insure a perfectly ventilated
All the
ua

that place we came \
rescued at
We new learned that the British Isnd, via Rotterdam, by the
er Moefcas* bad re gip Sou re bay

###PAGE###4###
London, August 1*
pi »1» sa> s
a great battle is now occurring in Belgium lietween the Hermans and Belgian and French allies.
THE EQUITY.
I. The Daily Ex There w little doubt that
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
SHAWVILLE, ADC. 20, 1914.
I
\ Renter despatch from Brussels The seat of Government has
s
WORK
ù
THE WAR
5
>
> >
been moved t-> Antwerp have lteen taken for the defence of Bins
T)0 I OU conte in pinte building, I I g or making any alterations in that
\
f
0
Measure»

9
Summary of the ITows j	du.- u|.|-nxuh of u
I
a
ivnn.m
D BAVER BOARD
line? It so, call in and see me; place your Orders early, and have I N your material ready when re 11^ quired. Ask for a sample of BKA-I Ifl
u vain
Work is the cure For most everything That flesh is heir to. To know the supreme Comfort of labor Invest in a pair of
Peerless Overalls
And square away.
P
m
a
o
Aug. 12. Awarding to French iv ports, the German forces have
un»tviv.Nshil in their attempt t"| Thi	t hav«	l within
liri w the French from their position* | the larders of this Dominion within
" ! si'If V m>vn

\
a
0
the past îNX-- week» have tled \\ith
emphatic decision a punt that only a | \ KH BOARD, the coming Interior
slll,rt ‘ime ago wa» a question of keen JFinish for Dwellings and Pnblk ||* dispute, namely, that when Great Brit
I
I
Clashes l*etween the Russians and Austrians have so far been of minor im-|H>rtanve.
A Shanghai despatch says 45,000 Japanese soldiers have embarked on traim|k>rts and are awaiting orders.
rvu
i

q
Ù
Buildings.
am is at war Canada is also not only at war but necessarily in the vonrtiet. There was a time still fresh in the memories of all, whenmunlier of Canadians were not
0
0
;
of the 41 advanUfM of BEAVER BOARD.
t#* Can be applied in any season. | |o
Anyone handy with tools by following instructions can apply it.
Is pure Wood Fibre through-l If) out.	I,r
1
3
Trade marc
I
i
A
A despatch announces that the niobili zation of the Russian army will be com pîcte on August 21.
The planting of mines by Germany man "^,0 *m> any doubts in the has practically closed all Northern Eu | matter would be hard to discover, if he
01 NO CRACKS a
disjH>st'd to accept this view ; but tinlay
9
¦ I	Are ever seen in walls and
S	‘ filing made of Beaver
Ul	Board. Durable, beauti-
01	ful, sanitary. Forty-one
advantages. Call and see how it looks.
Fop
R. G. HODGINS.
%
Peerless Overall Co.,
Rock Island, P. Q.
D
i
exists at all
mjiean jn»rts
i
August 1.1 — Brussels reports that Uhe opinion that a grave emergency ex the French and British allied forces are ists, and that the call comes to every
wncentrated at various important	min who accounts himself a loyal .ul.
m Belgium and are prej»ared to check . .	,	.	J
the German advance,	|Jvvt t>f thc; Hntlsh hln!»»re. to render
all the service he can in its defence, and
Sold by
i
I
It by
R. 9. HODQINS IS
0
G. F. Hodoins Co., Shawville.
g
9
l'ans reports the bomltardment by,.	.	.	..	.
the Germans of the ini|>ort&iit town of 1,1	l<‘ sate guarding and perpetuation
!\>nt-a Mousson, in the De[kartment of those great liberty-assuring prin-
Meurthe-et-Moselle.	The towu is 20 ci pies for which it stands.
mile» from Nancy and 16 miles south Fortunately the criai» found west of Metz.
Central Canada
Exhibition
our
young country in a state of prejtared
The French Minister of War report» I ness hitherto unknown, and she is mak that French troop# have entered l pper
Alsace.
ing a noble and active res|»onse to assist the Mother Lmd in meeting the situation which confronts her. It is right that our contributions, whatever form they may take, should go forward un-
McCORMICK WARE ROOMS
Great Britain has declared war against Austria, because of the latter’s demonstrations against France.
Ottawa, Canada
Howard Block, Centre St., Shawville.
Sept. Uth to 19th, 1914.
From Berlin German smvc»c> .ire, announced at Muelhansen and Legarde, gnidgmgly ami with a generous hand.
w ith the clearing of German territory of Canada has much to do before she w*ij>es
the French.	out the debt she owes to the Empire
The combined Montenegrin and Ser for pa»t protection, and Canada's future
vian invasion of Bosnia has begun un- welfare dermis greatly on the issues dor the Servian General, Jan ko v itch, who was commander <>f the Servian.
army cor;*s at Prisrend in the Balkan | M‘vn OIW' !l> l^rticipste. No one
can forecast the period of its itidurancv
Turkey is reporW to have bought I or the calamitous conditions it may pro-tke German cruisers Qoeben ind Bros-1 duce I au, that were in the Adriatic, n^garded as a breach of neutrality
Farmers’ Requirements
Entries Close September 4th.
Canada’s Greatest Fall Live - Stock and Poultry Show -
Accommodation for 2,500 Head.
Buggies, Expresses and Waggons
in the following makes ;
Wm. Grey & Son, Bain, tyunro & McIntosh.
of the conflict in which the Empire has
war
)
but of its ultimate result there
This is
HARNESS!
can scarcely be any doubt. Vpon the heads of those res|K>nsible for this war—
Eirl Kitéener, Secretary of State for I this crime against civilisation will fall war, has warned the British, press'
against the publication of naval and
military news, other than official, in-1 consequences
trmgement of which order will mean
All freight paid upon Live Stock from Ontario and Quebec.
Seventy acres of new, bright and up-to-the-minute Exhibits.
New .*>0,000 Agriculture and Horticulture Building,
Dairy Building covers 12,000 square feet in which Prize Competitions in Butter-making will be held daily.
Huge Parades of Prize Animals on Track in front of Grand Stand.
Magnificent Afternoon and Evening Performance in front of Grand Stand.
WILD WEST SHOWS —
(the best ever)
Unprecedented Night Military Display “ Nero, and the Burning of Rome.”
A complete stock of Harness constantly kept on hand. We carry the
durable kind made by WILSON and CARSON-no better for the money.
with sure and unerring aim. its awful
STABLE FITTINGS!
Hay Fork Outfits. Litter Carriers, Steel Stalls and Stantions.
suspension
Italy is reported to have mobilized 250,000 troops on the Swiss and A us-
T "ST
M jJPy held.	Present :	Councillors Argue, Hod-
?uns. Hynes and Argue that this Council, for want of a quorum, adjourn to meet on Monday. August 10th, 1914,—Carried.
Shawville Council Minutes
Horses Bought and Sold.
JOHN L. HODGINS.
The Government of Holland ha* ofti- gins * mi Hynes
Moved by c<
cuJly given the French government renewed assurance* of neutrality, and its intention to make this neutrality respected.
A number of wounded soldiers, pre sumably British, have arrived at South ampton from Belgium.
Adj mi ne i i eeting, held M la). Xuguiit 10th Present
2
2
-
Mayor Ernies and Co*;n
The Austrian troops ente 1 Russian cillora Smiley, Hynes W \ 11
and Cowan.
Minutes of last regular meeting read and confirmed.
Moved by conns
ns
Just
Poland, where Germans have also l teen engaged. Russian forces captured the Austrian town of Sokal, in Galicia, by
assault.
Arrived
A Stock of
Hudgins and Smiley
that the \ aluation Roll of this Munich
I»ality, for the year 1914 be homolo-
mwith the following amendments :
G. F Ibwlgins property transferred to
Win. Horigin* : J. M. and Lindon H«xl
. i .	.	,	,	1 H *igin* Bro W
fax reporte,! tlm. w,th the	an,I , XV1„ |. tl tnm.fvrred toHvhool Herd :
' • ¦ 1» rwick it had pursued 1 -• m ui
« miser Karlsruhe, which escaped by superior speed.
A Hong Kong corresjMindent reports that the British fleet in the Far East has cornered the German Far Eastern squadron.
For fuller and more complete information, apply
V'
to
coo-coo
E. McMAHON,
The cruiser Suffolk, coaling at Kali
CLOCKS
.Manager and Skcratarv,
26 Sparks St., OTTAWA, ONT.
George Hynes, reduced on account of tire ; and that 10 ;#er cent In* added to the following vseant lota, namely : I/»t< Non. 22K 232. 221, 23.% 239, l HR, 2»hi, 21 l. 2«>\ 2')3. 217, 2<»2, 224. 205.
(
from $3 00 up.

m
u
A Do several ..
The Canadian cruiser lUinlntw* reach vd Esquima.lt, B. C., on Thursday vrying the sloop of war Shearwater. The sloop Algerine was reported near .it
i
Aug. 16—About 150 of the plungers and erew of the Austrian Lloyd tourner Baron Gautseh were killed ,,r drowned when the vessel was blown up yesterday by a mine off the Island of Lussin, on the Dalmatian coast.
TIMBER CUT |bee keepers-
FOR SALE.	SUPPLIES
1
Dining Room Clocks
Walnut Cases, Mission Wood Style,
Very Classy.
»
M
M }' eouns. Ibtigins and Smiley 1 ncil now adjourn
ried.
ar
I offvr for sale all timber, logs and wood standing on Lot South West Half of No. 20, in the First Range of Clarendon, containing 130 acres strictly c.Lsh. Apply to
8. K H"In;ins,
See.-Treat
FOR SALE !
Terms
Everything in the line of up-to-date Hre keepers Supplies, as follows
Sections, Brood Foundation, Section Foundation, Separators. Smokers,
Supers.
Hive Bodies and Frames made eoi recti y.
J. S. BROWN, Portage du Fort, Que
Wedding
The Petit Journal of Paris says it	I B H I ¦ ¦ H
learnt on unimpeachable authority that A very pretty wedding took place at Japan is resol ved to declare war on i11*'	the bride » parents, Mr. and
Germany, and that official action will '	Tho*. Dale’s of Greer Mount, when
probably lie taken on the return of the I	eldest daughter, Remice Elisabeth,
Emperor to TôBo.	*** united in marriage to Mr. Herman
TjK-stssf, %	1	B j SSH: tif
with heavy casualties.	I Urge crowd was there to receive the
These Clocks are all iminted, and excel anything ever before seen in Shawville.
of the kind

See them.
haus shadbl
Any of the above trill be delivered within a reasonable distance-free.
Plans, specifications and form of cob- | Orders by mail promptly attended
jszszstJüsxa	„ TJsHsîHEîMro
withdraw her warship* and evacuate '?canty in a gown of white milk crejie de ment.
Kiau-Cliau. Vnlw Germany unroedi-	with trimmings of shadow lace I Persons tendering are notified that
t-mdly mrempt. hy August A Jâ,*n »n.l «tin ril.bon, and wore . hand*,, ne I ^on TbeprlnUl(,rm',t^lied.''^d will take	'ei '	signed with their actual signatures, stat-
French troops, in the course of a rapid "	1 " ^ thematUe* b> singing the fim must be given.
&££££&£	,7
r-w day», the offi. ial announcement con	. The	*T* •***"*» and valualde	ten per rent <10 p. cd of the amount of the
arc milt-d with dead and wounded. "	, *a d	Vnthherteon. of	BrwUd	; Mr.	tender be not accepted the cheque will be
_	_	J. L. ( rain, of Cobalt ; Mi** Pearl Far- retnme^. ¦
London, Au*. 17.—The BritUh ofB rell, «1 F-.rt William.	Tbe. Department doee not bind Itself to
ctal new* Imreau today say* :	“The After the -ingulf of Anld Lana Hyne, I “C<'P lhe “""V/or/ej*1"1"'	¦
French fleet in the Mediterranean has all departed for home, each claiming	R. cf DESROUHERS.
mad^ a sweep up the Adriatic Sea a* they had *i**nt a moat enjoyable even I _	_	. _ .	Secretary
far a# Cattaro. “ A small Austrian ing.	Department of Public Works
cruiser of the Aspem type of 2.34* ton*. The young couple will reside at Yarm °tUfr*» August let. 1014
fired on by the French vessels and and all join in wishing them a long and JÎ!ZT?pBp*rs» 7nA not **	for this
Pro-Per.u,	wedded 1.7*.	Com.	5%% Urn Spi^nL ,Uhoet
Watchmaker, Jeweler and Optician.
men
to.
H STEWART.
R. M. R. No. 1, Shaw ville, Que

MONUMENTS !
Via 66 YEARS', EXPERIENCE 4

Befon purchasing your Monument consult the
A

SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Nothing too small.
Nothing too large.
JBEVSt
a skatch

Fencing: and Cemetery Work a Specialty.
T. SHORE
Scientific Jfmerlcati.
«•e kwmel 1.
Proprietor.
• T
snssKft*
sink.
Work Guaranteed
Satisfactory.

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
HE WAS A MIGHTY KING.
HALF PRICE
School Dresses
THE SHAWVILLE
MEAT SHOP
Bum! of Connaught.
A Weekly Journal devoted te Leoal Interests'
Pebliiked sfsry TkarsAay
ft Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
If the Record en the Tomb of Serda. I Mr- Frederlck Le“”re' the En*lleh
r rr-- »-
Jana pel as was Uie founder of Tamil, modelled at Ottawa, and la eald to be
K ;M K.T».'"	Proprietor,
the Bible record a peaks. An Interest- \ model will be ünlabed In bronze for	(Successor to Ja». D. Horner »
In* part of this legend about Barda- | the	duke's London	house.	It shows	A supply of - - -
oapalus, the last of the Assyrian kings, j His Royal Highness In simple service
2	r VZ	Fresh and Cured Meats
Jay, a feat surely worthy of any king. . HE GAVE IT ALL AWAY.	- - - Always in stock.
Uut the kings of those days, It must '	¦¦ ¦	—-o—o—
be remembered, took as much license j	Isbakawa Told	Where	Japanese	..	. ... ri ,
with the record on their tombs as any I	Came From.	Uiglte>t Market I'rice paid for
Unncbausen who ever lived.	Kstsuso Ishlkawa was born In	Hides and Pelt*.
We are also told that on this tomb ; roklo In the land of Dal Nippon, but „	„	-o-o-
2 2S"‘.“ j “ • ,“!r '"" ™ SoKe,ud-
written beneath: “Sa rdona palus, son 1 1 ab Columbia. With his earlier
of Anakyndaraxes, built Anchlale and Ilf0 we are not concerned; at the | 1 GUCtOrS EitOHuGŒ IQV Tarsus In one day. Eat, drink and t,me °f which we write he was keep-play, for everything else Is not worth |ing a Warding house and billiard
H-lifr:
M JI I	prooably current In	;aslon of a great denouement:	he it	enilun	ha*	lxen	extended	up	to one
1‘ iui * time, as his own words indicate:	was who furnished a clue—supplied	,,c*,x‘k	Saturday, August	29th.
“If after the manner of men I have the answer in fact to an important	M. A. McKINLEY,
fought with beasts at Ephesus, what question existing in the year 1907	See. Treat
advantageth It me If the dead rise not?	>n the British Columbia	coast
Let us eat and drink, for tomorrow we	—"Where did the Japanese	come
die." What greater contrast could "rom ^ Ishlkawa gave the answer.
In the spring of 1907 the Oriental mmigration situation on the Canalisa Pacific coast was becoming
T -«•?* u. .....si: „2‘2.'r.';rrîiirz;
af years later, St Paul was born?- >f a 1500 head tax, though not re-
Chrliüan Herald.	Ished by the white inhabitants of ** hereby given that the undermen
British Columbia, was not causing tk>ned LANDS and TENEMENTS have iny great alarm; It was steady, but *xen seized and will be Mold at the re t came gradually and could be con- >pective time and place mentioned below:
8t Mark Has Been Called the Reporter I Jp before; It couh/be puf up^galn! Fieri Facias De Bonis Et De Terril.
Among the Apoetlea.	What commenced to worry the peo- o •	>,	.	.
The greatest Journalist the world ever Me, however, was the big increase in Superior VOUrt at Montreal, knew lived 1,500 years or more before | -he number of Japanese coming to Province of Quebec the Invention of type, according to Rev. , Columbia's shores. Then came the Distr ct ot Montreal* *
Dr, Frank N. Palmer, who awarded the i *lot* °f 1907 and the enquiry into the	No. 3830.
palm to St Mark and wondered at the 09B*‘a the Japanese.	TRUST & LOAN COMPANY OF
marvels that he might have accom- I Idh.nawa waa put on the stand and CANADA, Plaintiff* plisbed if be bad lived In the days of I lU •^iden#c® revealed the secret.
itdWàM
uJ*	LJ lint tu	>urp0i? of Bendln« out Japanese lab- cml plan and hook of reference as No.
.. ..	, '	; Mark covered >rers for the railway and lumber 50 of range 5 of the township of Duha-
•II the details more vividly In sixteen, ramps of British Columbia; he had me! in the county of Temiaiaming * and, true to the spirit of action that , supplied the names of other compan- farm .situated in the village of Ville
iSBum*
“sarSttS Trur'*r
skies that opened. Mark says they whole question of how the Orientals 4.25 a res in area, being of an irregular
mmmËÈiwm
one; he was condemned for his stu- 1 !v ,#t	* a,ld to the east by a
pldlty; it was plain In later evidence j,ne extending from the dividing line that strong efforts were made to dis- '*‘tween lots Noe. 1804 and 1805 at a
SHF™ BHEEBE
men; he had been taken at the flood, here before mentioned
Subscbiption, $1 a Ykak in Advance
iW All arrears must be paid up before any paper l* discontinued.
An opportunity to buy Dresses for School Opening at half price.
9	only Girls’ Dresses in blue and pink checked gingham, with plain trimmings, from 3 Formerly 75 cents at half price.
o only Girls Natural Linen Wash Dresses, laced front, blue and red trimmings, short sleeves, from 8 years. Formerly 75c. and $1.00 at half price.
2 only Girls 1 an Linen Wash Dresses, laced front
with red trimmings, size 8 years. Formerly $1.25 fur
half price.
10	Misses Balkan Coats made of white Indian Head Linen, with blue and red trimmings, for girls 14 to 18 years. Formerly $1.50 and $1.75 for half price.
ADVERTISING HATES.
Leg*1 advertising, 10cents per line for lat Insertion and Scents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying scried until forbidden i accordingly.
Birth, marris Ished free of c declined.
to 0 years.
3 to
A
them will be In-and charged for
School Care-Taking.
g* and death notices pub-charge. Obituary poetry
ro
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Shawville, August 10, Hill
there be than between the strenuous, manly, undaunted apostle and the voluptuous, blase king who was said to
Professional Cards.
HOUSE DRESSES
PUBLIC NOTICE
1	only Brown Checked Gingham House Dress, collar and cuffs trimmed with plain brown chambry, short sleeves, size 34. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
2	only Plain Blue Chambry House Dresses, broidered at neck and sleeves, low neck, short sleeves, size 36. Formerly $1.25 for half price.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbells Bat - • Qui.
•doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Boctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
BEST OF ALL JOURNALISTS.
em-
/
R. A. DRAPEAU, LL L
Ville Marie Que.
HOSIERY
vs
15 pairs of Women’s Tan Hose, plain lisle and
lace, sizes 8& and 9. Formerly 25 and 40c., to clear at 15 cents.
in
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Que.
C. F. HODGINS GO.
on
R. MILLAR, L.LL.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - - Quo.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.
CANADIAN PACIFIC RY.
HARVESTERS EXCURSIONS
Aug. 14th and 21st 1914
To WINNIPEG
ly that the people ran.
In writing for the Romans he used colorful allusions and the references to wild beasts to touch their Intelligence
O. R. BARRY, K.C.
, AC
,ADVOC
I
OAce*hud Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iW Visits Shawville every Saturday.
the Japanese quarter in Vancouver,	", * ; °	',lst. lfrt °( No.
aa he gathers In the receipts from L ' 4 j r'_’ th* nort*1 hy that part of lot his billiard table, and debates what ,.K 1 ’j heretofore sold to the .said manner of hash his hoarders shall * “ar!e* Eustache Brodeur, under said have on the morrow, Ishikawa often nient ioned deed of sale ; the dividing meditates on those fair days when he Hue of said southerly |>art from the re was president of the Japanese Board- maitider of said lot No. 1285, running seen glowing In	the envelopes of the	tng	House Keepers' Union,	from	from the north	east jiortion	of lot No.
•un, but It has	not been discovered	which long since he has been de-	1807 and drawn	j*arallei with	the divid-
here on earth yet Helium was seen	V	and of one particular,	event-	i„g line between lots Nos.	1284 and
In the sun for a	number of years be*	|ul	<lay a d V?*.1, rain7 ,?*7	,n l*!e	1 *H\ and it
for. it wa. fln.ll, discovered to tbe faU ot an eveDt,ul year- Ab’ earth. Stars vary in the character of the rays emitted; therefore all sans are not alike. And the differences Indicate differences In their ages.—New York American.
mente well known here In the earth. Hydrogen exists In all atari In enormous quantiti of other metals likewise are Incandescent In the sun, and In all other suns bright enough to eend rays into the grating for analysis.
An element named coronlum Is now
From all Station, In the Froninca, of Ontario and Quebec, sert of Klngrton, Sharbot lake and Senfrew.
Iron and a number
GEO. C; WRIGHT
msmmm
For information apply to nearest Can. Pnc. Agent or to
E. J. HEBERT, 1st Aa&t. G. P. A., Montreal.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-
196 Main St. - Hull.
i|> to the dividing line be-
B8®»KEi Mg®
| 1J06 and 1307, lota Nom. 1318, 1319,
GEORGE HYNES
Sunday Afternoon
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention. Open allhours.
kawA."
1307, lota Nom. 1318, 1319, I 3*i. 1321, 1322, and 1333 ; That «trip of land known and designated ou the official plan and book of reference of the village of Ville Marie a* me Brouillard and extending from that street designated on .said plan as rue Notre-Dame to the road designated on *aid plan as chemin public Fabre ; Lota Nos. 1324, 132.% 1326, 1327, 1328, 1329, 1330, 1331, 1332, 1333, 1334, 133% 1336 1337, 1338, 1339, 1340, 1341, 1342, 134.3 1314, 134% 1346, 1347, 1348, 1349, and 1350 ; That strip of land known and designated on said plan and book of reference of the village of Ville Marie, aa rue Vaudreuil and extending from aaid rue Notre Dame to said chemin public
Fabre ; Lota Non. 1351, 1352, 1353,
1354, 135% 1356,	1357,
1360, 1361,
Wanted—A Strong Navy.
One of the beet stories which Lord Mersey, chairman of the Empress of Ireland Wreck Commission, tells about himself is that concerning an old lady's remarks on his appointment to the position of President of the Probate, Divorce, and Admiralty Division. "Dear me!" exclaimed the old lady, "Is he going to the Admiralty Division? How very nice! I do trust he will see that we shall have a strong navy/'
Apparently his lordship, like many other people, views with amazement the progress of the modern woman, and during the course of a speech which he made a short time _	ago he said: "Ladles have ceased
l®, ef L . . .. _ .	to be what they were—the shadow
Child, child I No morel Aa If driven 0f their husbands—and have become	...... rui.	,
on by unseen spirits the sun steeds of personalities, people whom we cannot '	1	'	*364, 136%
time are running away with the light	ignore. .	. . They have become	*309,	1370,	1371,
chariot of oar destiny, and for o# re-	more and	more separated from the	1 '	13'3*	1374»	1373,	1376.	1377,
mains nothing except with high cour-	P<»r man	What they are becom-	*378,	1379,	1380.	1381,	1382.	138%
age to hold fast the reins And now	*n* Quite	terrifies me. I am begin-	1384,	138%	1386.	1387,	1388,	1389,
MBs
Dwne to wid chemin Lot- Noe. 1393, 1.194, 139ft, 1.196, 1.197, 1398,	1399.	1400,	1401,	140*,	1403.
1404,	140ft,	1406.	1407,	1404.	1409,
1410,	1411,	141*,	1413,	1414,	141ft
•nd 1416 ; Lots Noe. 17«ft, 1786 and 17^7 ; with «.Il the building* erected on all r>f aaid Iota hereinabove
the*»
To be sold at the parochial church <lo«»r of the village of Ville-Marie THIRTY FIRST da\ of the month of
AUGUST, 1914, at TEN o'clock in the forenoon.
GOSPEL MEETINGS
Wanted Information.
At Bellevue hospital many of the orderlies are harmless and willing men known as "self committers.* That Is, they have had themselves committed to the public Institutions wbUe out of employment
One of theee was put In charge of a contagious case for the first time.
"Remember, Clancy,” said the doe-tor, "this case must be Isolated.”
"All right, sorr," was the reply. "Where will I get the leer-New York World.
In the Skating Rink, Shawville,
Commencing August 23rd, at 3 p. m.
conducted by Rev. T, 8. Harris, Minister of the New Church.
>
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND PECULATIONS
T HR sole head of a family, or any male A over 18 years old, may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al-Applicant must appear In person at tne Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-agency for the District. Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Land* Agency (but not sub agency) on certain condition*.
Duties.—Six months' residence upon and cultivation of the land In each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine miles of his homestead on • farm of at leaat 80 acres, on certain condl-on*. A habitable house Is required In every case, except when residence Is per formed In the vicinity.
In certain districts a homesteader In j
1358, 1359,
THE SEASON IS ON FOR
Roofing, Sheeting And all kinds of out-door Tin-work.
if
Estimate» of anything in this line cheerfully furnished.
All orders executed with a view to giving satisfaction
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
Give PnbUc Preference.
Amendments have been made to the cold storage regulations passed Ion, which are of considerable Importance. It is provided that owners of cold storage warehouses
I Ion t like to say, replie l - must give the public preference in young statesman. "My own opinions the use of refrigerated space II don't matter so much, but It worries me shall be a violation of the act If such _ | to realise that whatever sray I vote , space Is refused on the plea of lack
wood standing may pre-empt eeetion alongside his homes
lead Price
Œ. W. DALE
last

Whet Worried Him.
"What side ire yon on In this do»
Duties—Six month* residence In each e rear* after earning homestead ; also50 acres extra cultivation.
;
pateaMHpgHgmi^
A settler who has exhausted hi* home' '-tend right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price ga.OO
Duties. — Must reside »ii
men
|
months in each of three years, cultivate
Pm almost sore to hurt somebody • f of space If such spec t is to be occupied by seeds belonging to tbs own-
on the
feelings."
eîheSSIP Shawville Fair
W.W.CORY.
Sept, 21, 22, 23.
Owners shall not contract or agree to give all the refrigerated
Vein Man's Weal- -'*
Pity the poor egotist
vsnlty
BERNARD J. SLOAN,
space to one or more firms to the
She? 5 e Office,
* *r‘. 10th July.
[Find published 23th July, 1914).
sxcluelon of the general public. A t | fine not exceeding ISO Is provided 1 for violation of th
Shcr
In the
1914
régula tio

###PAGE###6###

î
_	, that he was going
I Then «the doubled and «hook both her little ftteta after him an «he ground her teeth
And then ttlio «lip

with impotent rate ped out and flew up into her own room where «he lalieved her feeling* with a burnt of hytAencal weeping.

The Wanderer’s Return ;

VHAPTKB XLVII.
At this name hour tud Mrw. (a vend x h «at meditating in her arnn hair by the tt reside of her chamber. She had eat thud hi nve her at range visitor had left the hhe heard nothing of the ai ngulu r poing on in the eat rein My of the ad Neither did «die hear him.
• V
*

Or, A Change of Fortune.
room
O
8
ecene
Join in - room when hr wont woftJy down the etair» the neiHtiid time.	.
liut eh* heard hi» carriage whmd* ro.i on the hard gravel of the drive, and
US
m
l
i>
ilisisg
watch and
VUAPTKR XLVl (Continued .
A rather shabby little clone carriage, which Mr». Urey rvettgnised an being the one • hack ' of the "Reindeer ' at VN clover, drew up before the houee door opened. and a tail, gray-«haired, nu'ut ten era ble4ook i ng man, dothed in clerical black, whom Mr*, (trey immediately re-vogti 1*4x1 a* the officiating minister at the WendovvT ohureh on the day 0# z# alighted and came up the step».
Apparently he wan expected, and eeen by one in the hull, for he was mime-
/
• •
il W d V
then ehe put her hand to the bell r»pe and pu h d It.
Jerouie answered the summon#. e Go and ask Mine Oavandteh tv come to «aid the old lady.
The servant bowl'd and went out.
In a tew minuted K turn a < avcndwh came
i « .ime up to t lu* old
WUI

x
rr
Wl-
#
J
The
me
'In Mir
m
mto the room ladv and kisM-d her, ami then hhe eat down on a etoul boude the armchair, ami elinped her h.uid m that ol her grand
lin <
in* door into
Urey had hidden herself to
i *t was the « ha. • ahe hut waited foi mother aU day. Hhe crept to the door leading in-W the t.aeeuite. and »<>»lv turned lhc k,'? | wiuh roe all d.tv
'¦'T£Ut£riJ2Z-* dariinm h»*d,.	:!'m.Ü%,:,:dt.a	,
«he niHiHsi into the lighted room, and saw "And who is he I».sides being Ur Jones alu| heard all that paw'd in the few more i>0 you know, dear? that the strange visitor remain- "No. ma am.
the leave-taking but such a "Kiuina. he is iuv eldest ton.
The girl looked up at i he old	m
before.
some
dlately admit ud without knot king "It is the clergyman who preachtd yew terdav
ma l’avendish and volunteering the infer*
low know that I have had a visitor
1.mina?" the old lady
said Mr*. Urey, turning to Km
«nation.
â'hv ttev. l)r. Jones. Yes; we both heard grandma say that she expected hwn. 1 * up peso they were old acquaint* puces.** calmly replied Miss Caveritiaih.
•>he was very much disturbed when she heard of his being in this neighborhood, don't you think so?" inquired Mis. Urey, taking courage to chatter.
My grandmother is very infirm It doe-» not take much to upset her. ' answered M «-s Cavendish, coldly.
Yes; but I think she was more agitated bv the arrival <J this stranger at Wen-dovrr than she was by the death of her only son,” persisted Mary Grey.
Km in a i’a vend is h mode no reply "And oh by the way the Rev. Dr Joins! Why. that jo the very same name of the old gentleman who brought Klectra —Kleetra Nobody—to Mount Ascension in such a strange, sudden manner! 1 did not him then myself, so 1 cannot tell if is the same man. but 1 know that he
minutes ed It was
*1 'I'he*old11 man knelt it the aged la<'	lank «inn«euieiit. ^
\ml her venerable hand i were ex You h ok astonished. Hut did you not
bow id head in s< 4emti know, my child had you never beard that
1 wa« a widow when 1 married your grand father. General Vumvrou Vavend.sh, in auired the old lady.
"Yes. ma'am. 1 had heard H; but I
very long ago, I never It always seem
feet
tended over his
benediction.	, .
• Forgiven at last, my mother' lie said.
lu a voies shaking with intense emotion. "Forgiven and ble id. my son my *he answered, while her tears fell
seem*d ho vorv thought about it at all cd to me as if you had never been any other than I had always known you. my grandmother. Mrs. Cavendish.” said Uio
young lady.	.	.	,
"And you never heard, perhaps, that 1 had a won by the ftist marriage?
exclaimed Km ma, with abatement of her surprise.
••Yes, mv child. 1 had not only been a wife, but a mother, an well an a widow f«*r years before 1 ever saw your grand
father.”_____________________ I
non
fast upon	J	¦
T have lived beyond the natural term of human life to give you this, die 'iglv
King Arthur’s,Court Is filled with glee,
Joy reigns therein this mom;
The Queen—God bless Her Majesty—
A pudding has made from Benson’s Corn.

v
And then die put out her aged and troni hi hi g hand ami drew hnu to her heart. And the next moment he was gone.
Mary Grey remained rooted to the spot
with amamt ment.	. .
Breathle-w with surpr *e at having «w ent eci a myftery. ami h.iffbxl in curiosity by having heard just #o much and no more. M iry Grey wtmd vet a few moments longer iu the dark room, listening intent
no
Never!
six* this
bear.-, the very sumo naaiie."
"A very common name.” observed Mi o i iwndieh.
* M v dear. Jones is a very common name; the ÎU*v. Dr. Jolie» so very commont Atui M e. Ht. John dotcrihed her strange visitor as a tail, gray haired, venerable loo km man ewers the description
Food Fit for a King!
W1U you tell me all about It. dear grandma?”
1 sent for you for that purpose, my child. Ho now you muet bear a little bit of et range family hie tory."
•	It will interest me, dear grandma.
•	It is a tale of old times, child "
••Well. dear, you know 1 wae born a
Lorimer, of Loudoun county; end that, like you. 1 was an only daughter, though nut. like you. an he ire w*
but
19
ly
Then, when ahe thought the mysterious visitor unite gone, she cautiously feet her wav to the door leading into the passage, and softly unlocked and opened it.
The instant she did *>. she stood in the full light of the hall, confronted with the Rev. Dr. Jones.
• Ho you have been eavesdropping
•Bid. sternly.	„ .
Hhe stood as one petrified. Hhe could not
And this gentleman an And bear» the Hi 1 think he musi be the *amo What do you think?
but so cheap that everyone can afford it. That la why BENSON’S PREPARED CORN to so popular. It’s a food for all seasons; excellent for warm weather because it to not over-heating.
same name •man
To this direct question K answered quietly and coldly:
Tie is the name man. 1 saw him at Mount Aversion, and recognised him in the pulpit yesterday '
"Oh. indeed! And he i* an old friend of Mrs. Cavendish. Hut old as he w. he a» young enough to be her son. 1 wonder If the old lady know* anything about his étrange ward. Electra-Mcctra Nobody?' inquired Mary Urey, with intense curios-
a CavftNUd
Hi H
he
Ye*, ma'am.I
even scream	"1 had several brothers. My portion
He took her hand, and led her bark nto wouui he but small. It warn for that rear-the dark room, and closed the door. Then t>n uiv parent* wished me to make he drew her awav to the end of the room wealthy marnage. 1 waj young; 1 had the most distant from the old lady's apart- no ureferenets, and therefore I obeyed ment, and repeated his charge	them and accepted the offer of Mr. Berea
*o Syou have been abu-ong the con ford Join's, of tho Bareeford Manor*. He ftdenre of the family that protect and wa* old enough to have been my trust you by playing the spy to discover grand father. Me was silty.
their secret* ’	... „	.	only seventeen."
I I thought you were gone' she «tarn-	' Dear met" exclaimed r.mnia.
me red incoherently.	,	* Yea. my child. But he made me	a right
I am here. I heard a suppressed good husband. And 1 honon-d him for his or half suppressed breathing and moving w«dom and loved him for hi» goodne** clone to the door between this and the And our marriage wa* a right down comother room a* 1 pas*est to go out. I knew fort-able and happy one. That m one then that there was an eavesdropper lurk reason, my dear, why I so easily underlug there, whom it was my duty to die- g,t«»od the attachment between your dear cover. 1 tried the passage door of this father and pretty little Mary Grey, you room, and found it locked. Then 1 went know.” down stairs noisily and came back sitlent-	"Yes. grandma "
ly. 1 waited at the door until the eaves "Well. Emma, the happy marriage did dropper «should come forth Hut	1	cer	not last very long. Four yea.ru afterward
tainly did not expect to see you.'	Mr Bererford Jones died, leaving	me a
ssSfSssf&airas S.S:E'	B-k
he said, with heir
BENSON’S PREPARED CORN
The housewife who keeps a package of BENSON’S PREPARED CORN in her pantry is never at a loss for a dainty dessert—one that can be quickly prepared in half a hundred different ways.
Delicious with any flavoring, fresh fruit or extract. Can be served in so many different ways that It Is always new and refreshing.
ay
1 do not know. And Mrs. Grey, I think wo had bettor drop my grandmother* name out of this disruption," said M *s Cavern! w-h. pointedly, as «he touched the belt and arose from her scat Mary Grey shrugged her ehou-ldera and picked up a book, which she opened and pretended to read.
After a little she withdrew from the
own
1 was just
No
room.
Kami a Cavendish went through her mornings domestic duties; but after that tube did not. according to her usual custom . order either her eaodle home or her pony chaise for her morning ride or drive.
Her grandmother had a visitor, and her own presence might possibly be required, she thought.
Ho the remained indoor*, waiting for the visitor to depart.
Hhe waited along time.
The forenoon pa eed slowly away, and at ill the strange guest remained shut up tu the old lady's room.
Emma looked out to see If the carriage that had brought him wa* still waiting And :ts rhe looked «he saw old Jerome out of the house and speak to the <x>a< hman, and the coachman gather his reins and drive around in the direction of
¦ -iMve
The carriage and horses were to be put up then, she perceived The visitor was going to stay to dinner Now she certainly oxpwtvd a summons to her grand mothers room
At noon the old lady e boll rang ome answered it. Em in a met him as he came down the stair*, confidently expecting a message from her grandmother.
"Well. Jerome." she said, "am 1 want-
Send a postcard for a dainty little receipt book that tells how to make the many table delicacies that owe their goodness to BENSON’S PREPARED CORN.
CANADA•STARCH•COMPANY
Makers of the Famous Edwmrdsburg Brands
CARDINAL
but. mark me! 1 know you tunixhasw.
Hhe could scarcely suppreas a scream ¦	.	.
####### Ilf laughed slightly, and nhook his head *^ZütT 1 He"Krandma '
VMkmii do von take me for she now j . K vrry quiet life, my dear; and so it
a*iHIS
âB5B«
ter. and with a design upon the hand and fortune of the widowed master of the house? "
"You are a wretch to talk to me so* I don't know who you are. But I know you want to injure me. yea, to ruin me'" she burst forth, in passionate, yet haJfaujr unwed tones.
‘ Do not be alarmed I ebaU not expose you to this family Death frustrated your de-^gn* upon the governor. And retllv I think it was infinitely better for all comerned that he should have died, than that he should have married you.
But that misfortune having been prevented. I do not see that you can do any more mischief here There are no more men here to be drawn down to their dwtruction. Ho. as your being here in this pure home may really
shall leave you hers in peace, at least for the pre.4ent. But do not let me find you out in eavesdropping again,” he said And then he turned and left her so <ud deni y that he was gone before she knew
##
t responsibility* for one
That was a
*#
##
##
so young, grandma
But I remained
BRANTFORD
come
8
MONTREAL
ii

eve*
I
Hut no summon», came
Jcr
4


PREPARED

ed?
No. miss. Th« old madam have ordered lurtheon to bo carried up to her room for hertelf and the old pardon."
Well, erome. I will go and see that a nice one is prepared." said Mss taven-
dieh.	.	_	.	.
And she went In rcarch of the housekeeper. and soon sent up a repast fit for
a bit-1	M .
The afternoon waned, and still the visit- .rered.
The sun went down. TwUigbt deepened into darknees. Jerome came in and closed the shutters and lighted the lamps And just as he lighted the last one and filled the room with a glare of light, the sound of wheels was heard again approaching the house.
"See who that ». Jerome.
Cavendish, nervously.
1 know what it ». mise It is the car
around for the parsou.
unable to nee tire a living on their the entourage of Queen Alexandra account, they prey upon the has been well won, not only by hard-working of their fel- many years cf faithful watchfulness Such is the dodder, a mort over the deatinies of the royal fam-virulent para&ite, which, apart ilv, but by most distinguished ser-from the first few weeks of its ex- vices to the country as an army existence, has no roots or leaves, and ficer.
exists as a bloodsucker on other for a long time he was keeper ot plants. The reed of the dodder fler Majesty's privy purse. Queen germinates in the soil, and from Victoria s personal household contins arises a curious threadlike Bjgted of twenty persons. Under growth. Now it is of vital impor- King Kdward the number was cut tance that the young dodder duwn to twelve. Throughout the should be able to seize hold of reign gjr Dighton kept his place, some suitable host, such as a clover but with tlhe occasion of King plant, for instance. It is strange Q e and the necessity ci the to watch the manner in which this widowed Queen Alexandra having threadlike growth works in and out M	to whom 8he had grown
among the grass stalks, seeking fur |d|ftCj|ed about her in her separate a victim. When it comes within a	¦
certain distance of a clover plant the dodder grows forward at a very feel objects at a distance. That is rapid pace until a hold is secured, to say, they act as if they were £ven the sturdiest plant must go
tsrjcsni
The diamond Is one kind of crystal	be in contact at	all. He gives as	wita|1|ri a few	weeks multiplied by	> ^ll,e" . P*an .	e - ?
and coal Is another But, on the	follows a few of	the most startling	^e	thousand,	and from every	point	t,lC ol<^ , “ero	en wring
Whole, though the diamond Is beauti-	cases which have come under his	are	produced	suckers which	draw	personal comfort and safe conuuci
ful. the world would rather give up its	notice, aavs the	Scientific Ameri-	* the life	giving sap.	in her daily jaunts	about London
diamonds than Its coal. More de- caQ	and elsewhere.
M^to duet,aîs onen ^n a^Z deV'ïàlchts fliThe I erne.'’of til AIM THE Ql REN MOTHER. abS'eSïfto a stale progress, for coal to the eye. But It Is the latter, this plant are covered with tenta	——	h* has for mam years been on
after all. that Mps the world most. | cjeg which, being very sensitive, Sir IMpHton Prooyn Attends Her the real ornaments of royal page-
close in round the captive. But	Wherever Hhe ti oca.	an try in London
.2: -..................................« *» -- «•
ErESaEfrt3%ikiiL.....
found and it has been suggested bv sundew leaf has moved perceptibly Queen Mother m her<5*rrisge on all ernment pium &nd he sent me a a scientist that the logical success- towards its victim. Soon the cruel occasions is Mie grand o d man with	of seedlings from the Agri
f,r will be glass.	tentacles have reached the unhappy the patriarchal white beard, and cuitUral department."
¦	¦	¦	7	fly and are seen to be slowly mov- when on state occasions the Victor-
laterefttlBf.	ing around their prey. There is ia Cross catches all eyea upon his Lawyer—Madame. I’m sorry to
Oh vm mv husband is an en- DOW no chance to escape, and with breast curiosity a* to Ins personal- ^ that I don't #ee the ghost ,f *
Sv’U”	'ndx.t^	K,ne.^,r, .nd thought
!<*t race ; fait that mter^sUngl” Some plant# are eery uoscrwpulou# ; tfce hi«h position aooorded him m can be broken.
Y0KU10VS PLAST8.
own
more
lows.
Sense the Presence of Object» at a
Slight Distance.
Baud Miss
PBIH I	Without eyes, ears or sense of
W^fndBth“refore you have not lost them, smell, so far a* * e know, plant* hut thev are waiting for you there!" said are apparently affected by the pre-
^uüï to?	« h<»d the	<* object» that do not direct-
old lady. And she fe'l info a reverie, |y touch them. In the case of am-
zrsrijn tss. ................. ïiuÆ
._S„__HweU. the girl was ten years ^ ,s hardly probable that plants
ir:,;r„dhr,h^"had0m?,h1n, w"5 have any of these, although the her They, the hoy#, were nearer of an discovery of lenses, analogous to
,the- ofth- %«• »
th«* two. Ho they studied under the same some plants. \et they must haxe tutor at home end afterward entered col-	fa<.„lty nearly akin to OUTS,
The*??! Lady mused for breath.	as is clearly shown by the experi
And Km ma already sus ported a prefer- mcnts described by S. Iveonard ence in he mother a heart for the aon of _ the #erond and the love marnage over BSStOD
ihe .on of the firvt and convention^ a88erts, that plants are able to union. But of rourme she gave no exp re# to this thought.
(To be continued 1.
rkig* coming
mice. * «aid the man
• Ckh." breathed M'w Cavcndiwh. with a aigh of relief. Somehow she was glad he
wa* v ig.
Mem. a bile where waa Mary Grey all th e
¦¦¦¦
I will tell you.
Adjoining the old lady# room wain -oted parlor, that was used for a breakfast-room. A half-glased sash door or window door communicated between the two rooms. Hut this d<*>r usually dosed and locked, and a thin white muslin curtain was drawn before its half window.
Mar? Grey, with cat-like eleakhmee;. had been prowling about the balls and pa « ages around the cW lady s room, eeek ing to find out the eecret of the parson'« strange visit, and stealing away when „he heard the bell ring or a footatep
• •
Ah. yes
was a Homvtimes

keep you out of sin, 1
household, Sir Dighton willingly re-hnquiahed his post in order to give the Queen Mother the comfort of his presence near her on all state
And none outside the

We know now, Mr. Baa
approach.
A* dunk she heard the bcW ring for the
eion
Faithfulness.
Which Way do You Buy Sugar?

Do you say deci»ively :
*A 5-lb. Package ol REDPATH Sugar", or “A 20-lb. Bag ol REDPATH". and
— get a definite quantity —of well-known quality,“Canada’s be A" - -dean and uncontaminated —in the Original Package ?
<4


•I



MM
E

a

%
Ginn» in Place of Iron.
In Angry Constituent.


Or do yoe say, thoughtlessly:
i
i
are

/

V
I •
1




1"
•it;
«

u
Extra Granulated SUGAR
yer—H'in !
###PAGE###7###
PRESERVE
MW5 SKIN
is cut by the farmers, who feed their cattle with this coarse fodder.
The strips of cut-grass just the width of the land higher up owned by the farmer, alternating with
...	..	~	, frequent pools and the generally
It is autumn that, to French Can- wet and ^It ground, add to the ada at least, brings the full glory 1
of the Canadian year. The wander	.	.	,
Ing Englishman sings of the joys of This is particularly the case to an English spring, "Oh to be in ward the end of the season, when England now that April’s there !” the west wind and rain have beaten forgetting, under the touch of home- down the tall grass, making the 'sickness, that April may be very walking from east to west almost tedious and chilly and dishearten- impossible for any but an ardent ing, and that the joy» may have and youthful sportsman. Below more poetry than reality about, the swamps are the BeAuport Flats them says a writer in Chambers s proper—wide, level stretches of Journal. But spring in eastern mud, inlaid, as it were, with pools Canada scarcely exists. One leaps which are full of curious reflections at a bound as it were, from win- 0f form and color, and broken by ter to full summer; and it is only RUdden, angular ridges of slaty rock after'wards one recollects that there	here the plover feed. Beyond
were days full of “the infinite ex- flats are huge boulders on which pectation of the dawn, when one numbers of great blue herons—very watched the exquisite little waves picturesque in spite of their poker-of warm, light green breaking oyer 8tjff ne<£# and varioue mechanical
wMmmmm,
of the brood. Summer in Quebec is h»ps a. well that they are difficult hot, and is given up to tourists to approach, for their ungainly legs who take infinite pains to "do" a ¦"<* neck, and their loose, dull gray number of things that no native plumage infested with parasites, at has ever heard of; but with the close quarters detract somewhat beginning of September one looks from the effect gained by their reforward to eight weeks or more of moteness.
fine, exhilarating weather, and the The natural beauty of the swamp sport one loves best. Each day is is very great. Behind, in the north, like a golden gift, accepted with are the hills ablaze against the deeper intensity of gratitude be- clear blue sky with the transform-cause of the underlying, impoignant ing fires of autumn; and parallel sense of impermanence, and the with the swamp from Montmorency knowledge that “the shadow of the to Ste Anne runs the Island of Or winter s on the year. Mind and leans, separated from the mainland body are in tune after the holiday, by a shallow channel three quar-and respond gloriously to the fine, ters of a mile wide. In late Octo incisive quality of the half-summer ^er and the beginning of November half-autumn air that makes all ex- great convoys of thousands of ducks ercise a delight. The beauty of vf many Bpecie» gather in the chan-the splendid autumn fires burns on nej. and though the Quebec game every hillside and kindles every Uw, distinctly state that no wild bush and roadside weed into scar- fowj Qf anv may be shot from
*	^	every sportsman on either the Island
or the Ste Anne swamp! The island swamp closely resembles the Ste Anne side, except that, on account of the small size of the Island, there are no streams.
At Ste Anne, Grande Riviere,
which is of considerable size compared with the numerous little run nels that flow down the hillsides, and almost deserves its name, divides the swamp by its several channels. At high tide the delta is full of islands frequented sometimes by
small "bunches”—to use the local and after partaking of their good term—of golden eye or mergansers, fare he felt inclined to agree heart The general color of the swamp is ily in the vernacular “Beau dom
brownish-gray, yellowing in the dis- mage!“ which is equivalent t-
tance. On a clear dav, as one looks ‘Rather!
down towards the end of the Island, The least bittern, not inaptly des the water is of an intense ultra- cribed as resembling a bit of yellow marine blue, and the bold proroon- tape, is uncommon. Young black tory of Cap Tourment is backed duck in the early season, and there by almost summer-like masses of are plenty of other wild fowl in the white cumulus cloud. Strange and river—scaup, golden eye, mergan wonderfully beautiful mirage effects sers, and “butterball." Often small
are seen near St. Joachim, and flocks of butterball are flushed from	J	înflurHHHHIHHii
through the crisp air one can hear the crossing streams. They paddle	insurable interest, which alone
the church bells of Chateau Richer violently along the water for a few	|	makes the policies legal, being t&at
and Ste Anne for miles. The shin- yards to gain impetus, hurl them	he is liable for fatal injuries receiv
ing spires of the great church, to selves into the air, and fly like	YXB!	ed	in	the course	of	their	work,
which thousands of pilgrims make small cannon balls far down the	#	a#	Mere	relationship	does	not	create
their wav every year, are clearly river, till they join a flock of their	* if -Ip an insurable interest. Husbands
visible lifting into the sky. The own species in mid-channel, or dis-	K| an(| wives can insure each other,
original shrine was built by a few appear completely.	and a c^jjd can insure its father;
French sailors, who had been saved The sun drops below the northern	||olle (j, j. Doherty.	but a brother cannot, generally
from drowning, and expressed their hills comparatively early, and the ___ speaking, insure his brothers and
gratitude and devotion in simple mist which has hung about _ the	Ann’s, as he used to deliver sisters. Life policies can be sold or
and patriarchal fashion by erecting swamp and river all day becomes a hj> ju<J menU from the bench of assigned, with notice to the com
**** favorite device is to shoot for an handful of t inkling j	aspect of a subject in Parliamen- tractor, it cure» patnJeaaiy in 24 hearts
hour or two in one place, and then hill.	.	.	,	tary controversy. Then he sue- try "Putnam 25c. at all deaJcri
wly September, with . .light h.».	.nd to h... J"1kI, ,it w*	„mlm„
isttrtsrsstojs ts.s^snrss^tssf«-• Il	U l|H
-r,«.7^ s=rsfi5«u&t
but so early in the season snipe	. t — 4»-—	tern of parenthesis. His sentence; gpecial low rate round trip tirkete on •*!» maid. One morning, as tihe mn.d
suaisrtifTLSirS wh« a - Surer» sj£z> X S565Qtsri&nB	tifr «
tributed. Later on in October,	_	. e predicate verb is withheld until the YeUowetone Park etc during	and Flora § door wlten j eeilt yu i up
when the duck are arriving in large	Uj|||	(	BtlCtâfllfl	Astf' ^body knows when it	ih ^2^*01 eetralad	#oWem.	time tables aa4 with her breakfast 1'
flocks the larger snipe come from	IVIUI	vulvun	U,lVB,lLMV	coming, not even the judge.	partw-uiar,.	addrnm	b	h	Bennett,
the north in pairs or small groups	--- After he is satisfied that he has o»^ral Aseet. u Yon## hl. Torontxx
or four or five. The migration of	There	le Trouble	Ahead.	completely involved him hearérs	in
the isckenipe or pectoral sandpiper	Constantly	on their feet, attending	s hopeless tangle of comparison*.
EHTEH H mmïEc.fr:
are still to be found. Sandpipers	farm are weak, ailing women, dragged	by one, like gates, and comes to	^
and plovers are on the beach early	down with torturing backache and	his final aaserbon and his verb so	Discourtesy.
in the day. but about eight o'clock bearing down pains.	long awaited. By that time the	don*t think your father feels
ri tisitssrs: ^tfeur'rryatijSrt.tSfii' S izsr *”*'d T
rs,* *»=	. Ht?» «-a «ms
the snipe shooting is nothing , complaint can't cure themselves, they a logical argument in it. an ex<ef what it will be in late October,	require the assistance of Dr. Hamil-	tions, accidents, farewell cases,
when no other shore-birds, except	ton's Pills which go direct to the seat	etcetc., duly noted by the way.
smm# mm ' mmm
season one may see flocks of bun all womanly Irregularities their merit suggested by a joke in the menu
mmm mwm
but » few stragglers. Bora rails	et dealers. Refuse any sub- Irishman, lnsamuck
are very common, but Virginia rail, #titute for Dr. Hamilton's Pille of Mae- j and mother both come the larger cousin of the sors, Is grade and Butternut	troubled isle
Kuee Joint Stiff Three Years
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
Ill V U VII
F A DAY IN A 1 CANADIAN 5WAHP
CLARK'S
Theories cause us more worry than do facts.
Dead men’s shoes seldom fit those who wait for them.
The charity that begins at home also covers a Jot of sin*.
Boat rockers on the sea of matrimony deserve their fate.
Some men carry their courage around in a pocket flask.
Many a man learns something every time a fool blunders.
A woman’s strength lie* in her knowledge of a man’s weakness.
Some men are honest because they are too poor to be otherwise.
It sometimes happens that the chap who hesitates doesn’t get lost.
A man is known as his mother's son until he becomes his wife’s husband.
A good woman may be talked about, but she doesn't talk about
hers.
Be sure you are right, but don’t be too blamed sure that everybody else is wrong.
Don’t think because a girl’s com plexion is a dream that all dreams are hand painted.
Of course, a married man can live on less than a bachelor—if his wife takes in washing.
CURED BY NERVILINE
l
Anyone would marvel at my recovery, writes Mr. Leonard Lotham, a young man well known about Chatham. I bad Inherited a rheumatic ten _ | dency through my mother's family,
-	I and in my early days suffered frightfully. About three years ago the pain and stiffness settled In iny left knee joint. I was lame and walked with a
: very distinct limp. Nervillne was * brought to my notice and 1 rubbed it
-	Into the stiff Joint four or five times a day. It dispelled every vestige of pain, reduced the swelling, took out the stiffness and gave me the full use of my limb again. I don’t believe there Is a pain relieving remedy, not a single liniment that can compare with Nervillne. I hope every person with pains, with sore back, with lameness, with lumbago, with neuralgia—I do hope they will try out Nervillne which I am convinced will quickly and per manently cure them.”
TfW| Vv#1TTTWX \ If Nervillne wasn't a wonderful ¦ ' II mr < ¦ >| | BJ ft painless remedy, If Nervillne didn’t Mfll | | 1 g | I fm	quickly relieve. If Nervillne wasn't
JL M*	known to be a grand cure for all rheu-
• #
OOPS
Difficulty of Walking.
9
Delicately flavoured— Highly z concen- I (rated. A
Ml
s
!C
i


WHY WORRY I
Choose your variety and ask your grocer for "Clark V\
i
A

a
«
;i
i
With
m. W. DAWSOM, Ninety Col borne Street, Toronto.
I v YOU WANT TO BUY (fit SELL A M Fruit. Stock. Grain or Dairy * write H. W. Daemon. Brampton, or Wit Colborne fit.. Toronto.
malic conditions, It wouldn't have been so largely used as a family remedy for the past forty years. No better, stronger, or more soothing liniment made. Get the large 60c. family size bottle; small trial size 25c.; sold by any dealer, anywhere.
SOAP
H. W. DAW BOM. Colborne St.. Toronto.
VSWBPAPB1I FOB SALE
Assisted when necessary by Cuticura Ointment. They keep the skin and scalpclean and clear, sweet and healthy,,	—
besides SOOthing irritations Th** lanadlae Milkier of Justice
which often prevent sleep J Ho„ chai joseph Doherty,
and 11 neglected become I Minister of Justice and member of
chronic disfigurements.
QOU WEEKLY IN'LIVK TOWN IN York County. Stationery end Book Business In connection. Price only 14,000. Terms liberal. Wilson Publish» Ing Company. 73 West Adelaide Street, Toronto
G
+
HON. (HAS. JOSKl'II II OH Kim
SUMMER COMPLAINTS
KILL LITTLE ONES
I,'OR HALE TEH PAIRS BKEKUINU -1. Koine. Correspondence solicited, lie id Bros, both well. Ont
At first sign of illness during the hot weather give the little ones Baby’s Own Tablets, or in a few hours he may be beyond aid. The Tablets will prevent summer complaint if given occasionally to the
will promptly these troubles if they coAe on suddenly
should be kept in every home where there are young children. *There is no other medicine so good, and the mother has the guarantee of a government analyst that they are absolutely safe. Mrs. Edward Coveil, Lombardy, Ont , says : “A mother who has once used Baby's Own Tablets for her children will never fail to show her gratitude for them.. They made a wonderful change in the health of my little ones.” The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
the House of Commons for the St.
Cutlcurs Soap and Ointment are sold throughout I ^nn s District of Montreal, is act the world, a liberal esmpie of web. with ss-page | mg as Premier while Sir Hubert
t of the skin nrul
/ 1ANCEK. TUMORS. LUMPS KTO. Vv Internal and external, cured without rain by our home treatment W rit# ue before too late. Dr. Heilman Medical Co.. Limited ColMngwnod. Ont
Borden takes a rest in Muskoka from the worries and labors of that position. From the worries particularly would Sir l^bcrt be do-one seldom sees more than | livered
Bittern
scalp
Çorp.. Dept. 3K. lsoeion. U. 8. A.
well child and
ONTARIO VETERINARY
COLLEGE
cure
rare
two of three in a Reason
Baby's Own Tablets
I . , “Judge” Doherty is not a wor-are numerous, and put up with a rier. He has the happy faculty of frightened squawk. Sometimes they working without worrying. His fly to the hills, and are lost to view mature is that of a genial, sunny* in the trees. The habitants make dispositioned Irishman of ripened them into a not unsavory pie, and 1 philosophy. He smokes a cigar are very glad of a present of a with extreme calm and enjoyment, couple, when at midday one finds j can relax—that’s the blessed en-one’s way up to a cottage to get dowment which distinguishes him a cup of coffee and a huge bowl of from his leader, Sir Robert, who is real habitant soup almost a atew, conscious of his responsibilities all and extraordinary good. The the time, day or night. French-C’anadian farmer* in this Nothing more learned, sounder, locality are extremely well-to-do, or sounding, than Judge Doherty’s and live very comfortably,	speeches in the House are ever
mange comme il faut chez nous heard there since his election in was the dignified reply of a farmer jgog. The Minister of Justice dewife to a young and hungry hunter ] ]jverB his utterances from his seat who demanded rather magnifi
cently
Under the control of the Department of Agriculture of Ontario
Established till
Affiliated with the University of
Toronto.
N.B OxWege will re-open an Thursday, the let of October, 1914, In the new College Building. 110 University Ave, Toronto. Canada.
CALENDAR ON APPLICATION.
E. A. A. GRANGE,V.8.,M.S.
Principal.
Tramping the Swamp.
The swamp extend* from Quebec St. Joachim, a distance of 26 miles. It lies all the way between the railw*" track, from which it is separated by a natural hedge of email bushes—alder, thorn, and young willow—and theHflHHH Lawrence. Near Quebec the ground behind the swamp is almost level, but it gradually humps itself into steep and irregular hills the nearer one gets to St. Joachim. These hills being wooded with birch and maple to a great extent, have often begun to turn even by the last week of August, and to color finely in true Canadian fashion. The prevailing tone varies in accordance with the season ; if there has been a great deal of rain the leaves are sometimes almost wholly .yellow, giving the effect of hills in perpetual
strong sjyiIightBJMMËBÉWB producfvthe brilliant and various reds, broken here and there by the dark or vivid greens of the conifers or deciduous trees that, for some reasons or other, are uneffected by the causes that have touched the others. In these hills there are plenty of partridges, more properly ruffed grouse—and not many miles north of Chateau Richer and Ste Anne, caribou and a few red deer may be met with.
The swamp itself is a slightly raised ridge, averaging about ISO yards in width, but varying greatly. It is crossed at intervals by little streams which at high tide are filled with river water, when one has to walk up to the railway bridge to ernes them
completely covered at the high tide once a month. It is thickly overgrown with rank grass, sea-hay, and a tangle of wild stuff; and as old seigniorial law gives the resident right to the hay, the swamp
to
Perfectly Trustworthy.
I see you employ a number of
river St


“Yes, and they work well “Don’t watch the clock then?” “Don’t even watch the mirror
9 9
Some Insurance Items.
'4
Beyond the fact that #ve can inlives- a fact of which and officers do
sure our own
What lie Could Have to Eat.
agenta, canvassers not fail to remind us—few people know that quite legal insurances can be taken out in many ways, says London Answers. For instance, every subject of the King has an insurable interest in the King’s life, and may insure him. A creditor legally insure the life ci a debt-for the amount of the debt, and, even when the debt is paid, the creditor may lawfully continue the inAn employer of labor can the lives of his workers, the
Mlnard's Liniment Cores Diphtheria*
Anybody Know ?
“Carrots are good for the com» pi ex ion.”
“How about the hair? Will they make it carroty i
¦


» »
can
VOL’* OWN DRUGGIST WILL TELL YOO
Try Murlue Ej#* Itcmr-dy fur Red. We;t*. Watery Eire and Orainiiated Eyelids; No bmnrtinf-» last K/r Comfort. Write for Book of the Eye j,j mail Free. Huntie Eye Remedy Co., Chicago.
or
An early frost
suranee
I/Oglcal.
Wife—I can read you like a book, John.
Husband—Then I wish you’d do reading and less questioning.
more
Mtnard'e Linlment^Co . U-*«^ISAM) „

Gentlemen. 1	¦
LINIMENT on my vessel end In my family for years, and for the every day ill# end accidents of life I consider It ha# no
equal.	...	.
1 -would not start on a voyage without
it. i. -, ' VTSksj.vrdi*.
hi. Andre. Kamourask*.
an
4 4
The swamp is only
Bcbr. "Storks
l
Mr. Fogarty (in proposing the bride’s health)—An’ it’s meself is proud to say I 'ave knowed the bride this 40 year. The Bride—It e a thunderin' liar you are, Fogarty, bein’ only juet turned thirty a half.
+
No Bill* to Pay.
6he (reproachfully)—You d.dn t d spending money on me before
we were married.
He—No ; I had it then to spend.
We Do
the Cooking
me
mi

wan an
You avoid fussing over a hot stove—
Save time and energy—
Have a dish that will please the home folks!
A package of
reolied the maid,
What
“No, ma am
with preternatural gravity	I
was de use of a-kiiookm' at her do* I knowed fo’ sure she was ia
Post
Toasties
Some profits are not without dishonor.
ween
dart”
Better a penny in the hand than a nickel in the slot.
and some cream or good milk—sometimes with berries or fruit—
A breakfast, lunch or •upper
«XX X\x
\
DODDS
Ikidney
k PILLS ,
“You misjudge him. The morn ing after you called on me he ed quite worried for fear Ph treated you with proper courtesy “Indeed 1 What did he say V’ “He asked me bow I could so rude as to let you go away w ith out your breakfast.
/
/
seemed not
Z
z
Fit for a King !
Toasties are sweet, crisp bits of Indian corn perfectly cooked and toasted—
Ready to eat from the

univer
b*
t
s
CO
and
When a man appears to be listening attentively to your talk he be thinking of something to




say
-p
#>
Sold by Grocers-
The work! soon get» tired of a chronic kicker.

Ltd

Out.
wi
ISSUE 12 -’1*
KD. 4
b




6
###PAGE###8###
Tailoring I
Pumps Supplied
Tie Simille Boot aM Sloe Store
AND
Wells Repaired.
##
Suits to Measure.
We are now in a position to fill irdev* for Pumps and repair Wells on short notice, and would therefore, be pleased to have your II you want a smart, stylish, I Ol der now, IIS it is a suitable time.
up to-date Suit to measure
call ami see
Our Aim to Please

We are with a makes a great improvement.
Pumps at our shop, near Starks Corners, $(1.00, and $T.oo and tip (according to length and condition of well).
. •
now putting in galvanized lining
pumps t ha t


We endeavor to handle goods that will please our patrons, and at prices to suit everyone.


Pricks
y

S. M00RH0USE


XT TH K
All pumpe guaranteed to give
satisfaction,
II. S. KLLIOTT & SONS,
K. It. No. 2. Sliawville.
RUSSELL HOUSE :: SHAWVILLE ::
If your purchase is satisfactory, kindly favor If not satisfactory, please let us know and wo will gladly make it right.
g

us again
O
I h ave 20 yen is* experience in high class ' Tailoring 7 years with 2 Ma es, Ottawa.
I guarantee you every satisfaction in style, lit and workmanship.
Cold Comfort
There la a certain hotel up In British Columbia that has a reputation for being reasonably cold. It is a frame structure, and the walls are thin and shaky. One morning during a blizzard two guests who had been there the night before came out of their rooms on opposite sides of the hall. The first man said:
•'Whew! I'm nearly frozen! I never was so cold in my life. I slept with all my clothes on and everythlnr else piled on me, but I’m frosted
igh
"Same here," said the other. I was on the windward side of this 1 put on my buffalo coat over Flooring. Knd Matched Hardwood Floor-1 my clothes, but I don't think I'll ever
get
They went down to the hotel office. There, huddled over the stove, was a stage driver who had lost hie way and been out all night. His hair and whiskers were lumps of Ice. His fur hat was frozen to his head. He shivered and shook with the cold, though he was practically sitting on ;be stove. He looked like a human Icicle. The two guests looked at him for a minute. Then
Listen to Reason
S, MOORHOUSE
General Merchandise, Dry Goods, Groceries and Martin Scnour Go’s. 100 p. c. Pure Paints.
^jOMMOXSKXSE applied to the purchasing of your ^ footwear will convince you of two things :—
That you cannot get value in a li cheap ” shoe—because the materials which ente: necessarily be “ cheap.”
I hat " cheap shoes cost more than really good shoes— because their lack of durability necessitates more frequent purchases.
There are good reasons why you should buy
Gentlemen s own Material
made up
into their making must
Whvn you want the txM value for yout
.. money In ..
E. B.GAYLER - PORTAGE DU FORT.
SHINGLES
t M
at $1.60 per M- and up
VNo Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards, I hut
lug. Moulding», Doors, etc., try
INVICTUS SHOES
a. F. CAMPBELL
BOX 4.V»
They	every Attribute of stylo, comfort and durability
That's why this store’s reputation is back of every pail
Arnprior. Out
TRY ON SOME OF OUR
JHew Suits and Overcoats.
we sell
Stray Bull
Strayed on to my premises some time in •lune a small yearling bull, roan color.
Owner requested to come and pay ex Pfn*es im urred and ren ore theanin ilat I one of them asked once
P. E. SMILEY.
Which room did you have, part

ner?"
GEO. B. ARMSTRONG.
Radford
U
m
Q ee how attractive they are in style, how j>erfcct they fit, ami of what excellent fabrics they ate made. You'll see an immense line of quiet, practical and refined styles, which are so much in demand by correctly attired men.
A Matter of Nerve.
Arthur Ellis
ft
A hearty vote of thanks t«. the ladit who had helped ; to Mr. McManus f,..
S' S3,!-:
*' '•	' ' ‘m,H'L rt,*d the undersigned up to August 21st, 8.00 real a few weeks ago, the execution
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Tenders Wanted
the official execu
k
*
->•
•'Vi
?..
Wyman, - - First Friday, Bristol
fenders sh'Uitd st ite the amount taking place at Montreal’s fine new per month for the coining Jail at Bordeaux, about seven miles All tenders to Ik»scaled ; froraJhe clty* An hour later, while
6-* 1 i :;x a :ï,r..;Kïï
him back to the city, Ellis observed a man walk leisurely across the track while the Incoming train was some fifty or seventy-five feet away. After watching the pedestrian until sured that he was out of danger, Ellis turned away with something like a shudder, and exclaimed: "By Jove, that fellow has nerve! Now, I wouldn't dare do a thing like that!"
singing of G«xl srtve tin- King Liitircd • •rmiglit a wry enjoyable owning to a m*hoIasti< year
md marked Vademy."
rin
&
First Thursday, Shawville - - First Saturday Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Elmside

1
( oM
/

Graft of îIn* nature of the work to In* mv may Ik* seen at the Secretary*
R R. A
The gaudy, loud anti freakish garments are entirely omitted. The garments we show will appeal to discriminating men who appreciate distinction, yet desire refined styles.

Second Wednesday, First Tuesday,
of each month.
< hti
V
Scores made August 12th

Austiu
*
r. w. iront h ns,
Secretary


X
i
n

*
m
•iohii Stewart II. Stewart.
K T
.Geo. 1‘irie... J j W. Maitland Win. Ririe... J
The corner stone of the new <,**.!au*,.Y * ’ It. G. Church at Otter Lake was 1 * * V smiley, laid on Tuesday of last week, with ( • Winailey imposing ceremonies. Bishop ( • < amvron.. Ryan of Pembroke and a number Stewart..., of the clergy of the district were Wm. Thompson in attendance, and a large congre- U. Harrold.... gation was present. The large A. Kraiaher.... edifice, which is being built of con- W. ( 'amvron cretc blocks, set in a massive W. rhianel timber frame, promises to be a very imposing structure when completed.
U

u
Î2
I
PUBLIC NOTICE
n
20
11
Local and District
4
ÎIO
ncr
32
89
•‘‘I	Province of Quebec,
ÎM> S houl Municipality of Clarendon
7'	1- I'vn-l.y given to all proprietor* of The Sunday laws of the Province
n ai estate and resident householders of ( of Quebec are not nearly so strict an 88 this municipality that the Valuation those of Ontario, but they have a Roll made by order of the School Coni limit, and this was reached when missioned of the municipality, is de* enterprising Montreal dealer In a ftosjtvd in inv office, where it max lx* horizon subdivision announced an xamim-,1 l.y the intvrvstol imrti.- i *UC‘J°“	<>* 6ve hundred lot, for
5 F?F' "‘FfeSrS
11. !. > « < ina>, in nriUng, complain of wae assembled, and the auctioneer ¦’ . ^tc'i roll, which shall lie taken into con- j was just stepping upon the block i'11 sidération and homologated at a meet j when a telegram forbidding the sale -b”1 ing of the School ComiiiiwdonerM to U* | waa received from the Assistant At-44 held on Saturday, 29th August, at o'clock p. in.
Given at Shawville this 3Uth day of
13 July, 1914.


u
w
29
Too Much For Quebec.
OTTER LAKE
to
29
to
The 8WKBTNK88 of low pricey will never atone for the RlTTER-NK88 of poor quality. It in what you get foi the price that count*. Any one of our “NEW ERA " Fall Garment Offerings is an aTfc/ dem onstration of the fact that buying ready-to-wear garments here is a paying pioposition for you.
to
27
tl
to
tl
27
to
2 i
to
8:>
an
to
27
27
84
i
27
26
29
82
to
17
to
4 I
25
25
70
20
22
25
12
22
If.
2:t
30
28
17
17
12

V. Stewart...
We Piric......
O. A. Stewart A. Vhisnvl.... H. Vliisnel....
10
15
14
*
to
14
I
torney-Oeneral of the province, act-in,. upon direct orders from 81r Lomer Gouln.
one

13
Hi
10
Quite a number of people from a distance have been guests at the Murphy House for several weeks past, enjoying the pure air. and the scenic beauties of that charming locality.
12
14	35
11
2
A Botanical Garden.
m. a. McKinley,
Nevty-Trea*
The Botany Department of the Manitoba Agricultural College is establishing a Botanical Garden and Arboretum, wherein a variety of plants will be placed with the object of having as complete and representative a collection of plants, trees, and shrubs as close to the college as
Card of Thanks
Don’t pay too little for a “ bargain,”
YOr TOO MUCH
Mr. Ernest R. I^ughren desires, thro the columns of The Equity, to thank his many fneeds and neighbors for the kindness shown Hi him, both at Wyman A unique and most successful enter- and Shawville, in regard to the sudden taininent was given by the lilies’ Aid death of his wife at Regina, Nask of the Presbyterian Church of Vamp-1 August 7.	J
hells Bay, assisted by lady friends,
ImU ËmmlfEZlW#
years ago, entitled 44 An Old-time I at {'.'.t ; * j "ho 1* friended her No. 14.1.	I was obtained through the courtesy of
die»' Aid Busin,-»* Meeting at Mohawk	''f their	kind	awwUnee	and *ym|«thy In re. WILLIAM, THBODOKK BKN	Nemee Roes, of the Indian Head
(Voss Roads.” The costumes of the	4,l,,,n>f ,hat	H444*	t*X***R ordeal.	SON	VONN, Merchant, of Fort VoilJ	Foreatry Station. These Included
ladies were much admired ; the acting	—	longe,	and there doing business alone	seedling plnea such as the Scotch
of the various characters was very much 1	under	the name of (’< INN & VO.,	Pta#, Jack Pine, Lodge P|®e bb4 ##*»
CONCRETE
^	1 run ), and Mrs. lie Lloyd	tâi A	P 0,1 Pu^ciay, 1st Septemlwr, 191 4, for the scientific study of grasses and
ritzHaminond (Miss P. Lunam); also of	vVUKIh	at *	% m the afternoon to give] clovers by the fifth year students.
Mr*. Vmwler, who continually brought	t‘lvlr a^v*v,‘ on the a)i|ioiiitiiieiit of a
her estimable husltand to the notice	I Lila	( ’urator ami Inspectors to the Estate of I	Meeting the Salmon.
of the Indie». Tin- Suffragette element We. the undersigned, hsre purchased » I ""'j!	In Brltleh Columbia the Indiana
living so prominent (Mrs. Dale), Mr*. nn.rll.Tl	.	. Bryson. I Q, 11th August. 1914.	! ceremoniously went to meet the first
W. Prior t,.,k her stand for the vote. Y	, ,ER end ere 1,0w ,n	H. LAROt'QUK, > salmon and In flattering voice, tried
Mrs. Day (Mrs. D. Stevenson) t<mk the ih,Me lo du HI kind* of concrete work,	Provisional Guardian. j to win their favor by calling them all
part of Treasurer to great advantage. cither by contract or by the hour.	H. A. NT. PIERRE, chiefs.
Hi*-lady who was very much concerned Fur full particular* apply to	I	Pmthonotary. Every spring the Karaka used to
alsiut her baby's health was given vx	------------------------ ?Kan,ce for ^lmon1 *eS°
cVYcd.'f18	™
i rown>.	w----v----------------------r M V I P ¦ w ! preached the river, took the first sal. IMU#* forbids u* V» mention all the --—--—	—		*______—.	mon of the catch, ate some of It, and
*uhes ; out the acting of Mrs. Scott	JiOXnCSCCxICrS £XCUP810118 1 with the remainder lighted a sacrlfl-
(Mrs. H. Lunam) an ancient lady, full HELP PROTECT	Round Trip to	clal Are. The same Indians laborious
of wise saying* and sound advice, was	_	u	,	...	. ly climbed the mountain top after the
*uf**rb. The singing of Mrs. R V	THE DEER.	Manitoba! Saskat hewari, A he ^ pole# for the spearing booth, being
Brown was much admired ; the no*	Tl ,	- 4 ,	I convinced that If they were gathered
» •—»	'*"¦ — kf«d t„ | And other O.m. during Clow Sewm	W“ch,D« “° 6,6
gr.-«t advantage in her «>ng Tile Holy by reporting et once to the underlined '"cluelre. Return limit two ,••lender i W0U	* '_
»;l	; - -...u* » ¦
Mr*. H. Lunam and Miss Sharpe ren emne awAre oL I ,b#rsl compensation dered an excellent duet. The gem of l**d *or c mvicting evidence All cor* the evening was a reading by Mr*. H. rewpondence strict y private and coofi (' Kvv»wn, An accomplished <*l<M inionm. dental in her rendering of the Yankee in Love brought down the ho iriause.
IT MAY COST*
We always put the importance of Quality before price—but our prices are low when you cousider the
K&wVSart?	|1-'^ A= P«>P><> K">* -or. careful i. buying tb. surer
we are of their trade.
CAMPBELLS BAY
PROMPTLY SECURE
In all countries. A.«k for our 1NVEN- ,
TOK 8 ADVISER.w hich win N sent frvn. | possible, thereby facilitating clam# MARION A MARION.
364 University St- Montréal
on
on
These
Another lot of conifers
ARCHIE DOVER
The Style Store for Men
The Store That's Built on Quality.
Frost & Wood and Cockshutt Machinery.


I
MAPLE LEAF, 2 Furrow CROWN GANG
Also a full line of Walking Plows.

a
To Keep Boys on Farm.
By taking steps to Inaugurate a series of debates and concerts each year In connection with Ita social community work, the recently organised Lsmbton Farmers' Co-operaUve Association Is hopeful of keeping the boys and young men of the county on the farms to a much greater extent than obtains at present
*pp,T to
•ny
E J. IIKBKBT.
l*t Asst. Geai. F>gr. Agent
Montreal. Que
S. E. HODGINS
$
D. McRaes Old Stand
Main St., Shawville.
N . McCUAIC
Equity ^dvts. Pay.
in great ap
Prov Gam Warden

Bryson January, IP1&


