###PAGE###1###
O
No. 8, 32nd Yeak.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, AUG. 13
*1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
1014
*¦

THE HARDWARE STORE

The Merchants Bank
The Bank op Ottawa

I
:
Of Canada.
ESTABLISHED 1804.
Paid up Capital $7,000,000	Reserve Fund $7,000,000
Total Assets over Eighty-three Millions of Dollars.
ESTABLISHED 1874.
Capital Paid Up, Rest & Undivided Profits $8,662,769

BINDER TWINE !
A decided convenience, in many cases, is a
President — Sib. II. Montague Allan Vice-Pres. — K. W. Blai kwkli
1

1

Gen. Manager — E. F. Hlbdrn

220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank Account
Joint Account
May be operated aw a Joint A cut. Incurs no expense nor formality It a mo*t decided business asset Insures money for investment.
The harvest is not far away and farmers would do well to secure their supply of Twine before the rush comes on, as stocks are none too large.
We are handling the well known and reliable
in the Savings Bank Department. It may be opened in the names of two or more persons, either of whom may deposit or withdraw money.
mr* j iïT -rn ~ .. **
Shawville Branch | Quyon Branch

F. C. SMYTH, MANAGER.
I
I
Fort Coulonge Branch • B, F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
Plymouth Brands
• ’TIS A FACT
that the
? cowling
HENRY’S
Don't forget the Shawville Fail September 21st, 22nd and 23rd.
I have nome good photographs Orange Lodges taken at Greer | and th < hi slow, si/,- ph< 8x10 inches. S|>ecial at 60c. each. Allow 6 cents for postage if sending for one.
H. IMikon. Artist.
The Exhibition at Shawville will Iw on September 21st, 22nd and 23 rd.
Prices right.
There is none quite so good
Please let us have your order.
of the Mount
K
If you want a view of your buildings, Stock, etc., I am prepared to fill your requirements. Sixx-ial prices on ap|dica tion.	II. 1mikon, Artist.
Sergeant Harrold and Corp. T. Burton of the C. F. E., made a tour through the district on Friday to ascertain how many of the Engineers were prepared to volunteer for active service.
A number of friends and neighbors of Mr. and Mrs. Austin McDowell enjoyed their hospitality on Thursday evening last by assembling on the lawn where ice
(f cake were served and a social time was spent generally
Ottawa, Ont.
I
T TAWA.ONÎ
On the Civil Service Examinations for November,- 1913. our Monographers and typists headed the list of successful candidates for the whole of Canada, capturing the first, second, and fourth places.
We attribute this success to modern methods, first class equipment, and a strong staff of teachers who know what to teach, all having been practical stenographers. Send for circular.
I). E. HENRY. President.
Bank and Sparks Sts.
J. H. SHAW.
Is recognized throughout Central Can ada as
Business, Shorthand and Civil Service Candidates are prepared for the Examinations of the Civil Service and the Bush ness Educators' Association of Canada.
The school is open all summer. Enter anytime.
Ottawa’s Greatest School of
The death occurred at Braeside Farm, Bruce Co.. Ont., on July 6th, of Captain Robert Findlav, in his 86th year. The deceased for many years was identified with the navigation of the Upper Ottawa when the U. F. and R Co. was in existence.
m
e
— e
W. A. HODGINS
PERSONAL MENTION
Don’t put off until to-morrow what you can do to-day. How often have you delayed now in having a photo taken of some cherished friend ? Our modern studio and equipment makes photography a pleasure to all.
H. Imimon, Artest.
cream an
Mrs. (Dr.) Klock, Ottawa, has A message was received by Mr. been spending a few days in town.
J. G. Elliot ton Saturday morning, Mr. VVm. Boland of Quyon wan conveying intelligence ot the in town Sunday, death of hie brother-in-law, Dr.
Alex. Hunter, at Coeur d* Alene, . Mr. " • 0. Black, ot Ottawa was Idaho, on the 7th inst. The in town on Friday and Saturday.
EQUITY learns that the deceased Mrs. J. Foreman, of Ottawa, is had been a sufferer from jutralysis visiting Mrs. H. Telford at More-for some time. The late Dr. head.
nation, he married Miss Kate, , Miss Margaret Wallace. Ottawa, eldest daughter of the late Hum- visiting her sister, Mrs. J. L. oh re y Lang, Em., and removed to Hod gin# in town.
Idaho, where he established a Mrs. S. A. Mackay, arrived from good practice.	Montreal Wednesday evening and
iSb-XER Cut OFF Leg.-A boy, is enjoying life at Phillip s Lake.
five yeRft.Qld, son of C, McGuire of Mr. Wm. Rankin and the Misses North Bristol had one eg severed Rankin, of Ross, have been visitors below the knee by the knives of a at Mrs. Mot risen s in town, mowing machine on Thursday e_ ... _	. _	,	, ,	..	.	,	. .	_	.	„
last It seems the mower was Mrs. W. E. Maitland and child- The item in last issue stating
being driven by another boy, ren has been visiting Mrs. Richard that George Cater had gone to the when the team attached, becoming Findlay for a few days.	hospital was incorrect. Mr. Cater,
frightened at something, dashed Mrs. George Hynes and Mrs. M. however, went down on Monday off. Unfortunately, the child Fyfe went to Carlsbad Springs last afternoon of t his week, aeeom-hapiiened to be in the path of the week.	p@med by Mr. H. T. Argue.
l)r. l.fppiatt, who was fmmmonid Mr. and Mr*. Thos. Shore suent despatching a whole regiment for to attend the cane took with him » few days last week in Renfrew service anywhere in defence of the Dr*. McKibbon and Argue, who with the parente of the former. Empire.
assisted in the necessary operation.	Mr. J. K King, B. 8. A., left Th@ drought and heat of the
last week, to conduct some survey |)a9t week has brought in the bar-Temulnrs to Celebrate	work in the vicinity of Arundel, vest rapidly, and has also dried up
_ _	Que.	the pastures to an extent that
It will doubtless be of interest to Mrs. Splane, of Renfrew, who	cause a very mucemible
a large number of the old members has been visiting her daughter, shrinkage in the milk now. of Prospect Lodge of the Independ- Mrs. R. J. Black, returned home Twenty-four hours ram i“ needed, ent order of Good Templars that Saturday.	not only to help vegetation )ut to
the 43rd anniversary to app.-o.ch- M|w M ,dred Pr.nderg.Ht left whTh aredeva%% the northern
BsSSSM S~Sfe= —
WILLIS COLLEGE
SHAWVILLE
Canada’s Premier Commercial
School
Now is the Time to Enter This Prosperous School.
Willi* College, like any other business Institution, is open the year round, so that students may complete their courses without interruption.
Prepare for Civil Service Prepare for Business.
Willis College prepares more students for hnMtëe*H life and for Civil Service than any other college In Eastern Ontario, because Willis Graduates are in demand.
Willis Graduates Stand the Working Test.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
WILLIS COLLEGE, 102 Bank Street.
Cor. Albert St.
Birth
At Broadview Farm, Wyman Que., July 27, 1914, to Mr. and Mrs Jas. A. Graham, a son.
BARGAINS
A recent fire on Calumet Island destroyed the timber on several lots of land.
Harvesting of barley and other early grains began pretty generally throughout this district last week.
For quick buyers Left over from our Big Sale.
A lot of Child’s and Misses Shoes. These are priced at re-diculous figures. We may have the sizes you require-see them.
OTTAWA, ONT.
FOR SALE — Household Furniture, consisting of bedroom suites, dining room tables, chairs, etc, Apply at resi dence of T. E. Hope INK, Shawville.
FOR SALE—One mare, 5 years old ; one mare, 9 years old ; one foal. 3 months old Apply to Alix. Seaman, Yarm.
FOR SALE.—Registered Ayrshire Bull, 3 years old. (Roy of Elm vale. 38043). Apply to James Smith. North Clarendon.
Little Girls’ Dresses
. A few left at Sale Prices . . Fancy Ginghams 8c. per yd. China Silks Prints
FOR SALE-Desirable property on King Street, Shawville. Commodious brick dwelling house, with necessary outbuildings. Two lots. For full partlcul d terms apply to A. E. Poasxi.-
ars an white. Shawville
FOR SALE On» first class, practically
r	stSfs l-feéba
"K'bZifZL:,H —km. '••• ”"k'	L!fiŸ.V-ifL?BVÆ 2L£St«.fo£ftSvvss
I I	L. A. hmakt.	. . . ...
Sunday. __ _______
15
n
10

A few Fancy Summer Parasols
worth $1.25 for 75 cents each.
About 20 Men s Soft Felt Hats, worth $1 25 to $2.00 for $1.00.
5 Men’s Hard Hats, size 6; only for 25c , and many other things at like prices.
We ran out of Sago and Tapioca during our Sale, but have since received a further supply, and for the next week will sell these articles at 4 lbs. for 25c.
f X)NCRBTB CULVERTS. PIPES AND
^ curbing for wella sold at works . We will contract with municipalities to manufacture pipes. H T. M< Dowkli A Son Shawville Que
J JH,r
conditions. Things passed off ntonn	ment* are being made to collect
issiSi^sssfi^s:i Mrr-rariffir.ï	sa
ïïlQtaw to
ward* the end, when victory was	*	. ,	..	. Livestock Exchange, Limited, the
assured beyond a doubt they Ad'n t ,R*v. Mr. Seaman and family also head office of which is in Montreal.
make any strenuous efforts toauld1 Mrn. J. A. Cowan, and Master »*The cavalry horses which have
the visitors down.	^ Clarke left for Otter Lake on Mon- been produced by the National
Quite a number of people were day to spend a few days under Bureau of Breeding during the out to see the match.	canvas, guests of the Rev. Mr. past eight years are now in great
The score was-Shawville 8 In-1 S trow bridge.	demand, he said. •
nings 30 run* ; P. D. Fort 9 innings Sheriff and Mrs. Murphy, of A cable from London yesterday 13 runs, tallied as follows :	Moosomin, Saak., were visiting stated that the British re-mount*
P. D. Fort—0-2-1-0-0-1-1-24—13 friends in Portage du Port, last inspectors would leave f<>r Mont Shawville -2-7-6-2-4-*2-2-5-x—30. week, and were the guests **f Mr. real immediately should England Umpires 2 — W. K. Maitland, I G. H. Brabaaon, Af. P and Mrs. moboHse. chief ; H. Smith, field.	Brabaxon. Sheriff Murphy before These remount* have been pr«>-
flcorere E. Elliott and B. I moving to the West years ago was «lured by farmers and “mall bieed-Usyksr,	J a citizen of Portage dn Fort. ' era all over Canada.
t y
The completion of the C. N. E railway through the county year will hardly be realized that financial conditions have been gravely disturbed by Jdie state of war that exists, prospect of raising money on tin bonds of the com#mny, guaranteed at last session of Parliament, has practically disappeared, and without funds the work roust necessarily be tied up till the financial outlook becomes clearer. If “Bill’* and “ Dan " have any private nest-egg, a* it is alleged they have, now would be a good time to produce it, and show to the country that they have full con fidence in the ultimate snore** of the great railway system they have un taken.
this
now
The
W. A. HODGINS
###PAGE###2###
HOUNDING THE CRIMINALS
1* Mini Ties Ilff-SUIll M1ÛSI1IIS
HISTORICAL ACROSTIC.

SR
Present War Recall* First Hirgo of Belgrade by Austrian*.
The news from Belgrade recalls one of the most famous alliterative poems in the English language. The authoriship of the poem is clothed in doubt, but it is believed to have been written by Alario A. Watts,
Jr., the subject being the siege Belgrade bv the Austrians, during
...T"“"n....................................................W
As will be seen, the initial letters lately, "for whose visits we prepare 18 the title of an unusually timeiy <>f each line form the letter of the without uneasiness."	: article in the American Review <>i
alphabet in proper sequence, in a This fine tribute to the affection in Reviews. It is made more,import Mrt of acrostic Hundreds of other wh,< h our King is held, and also to the ant from the circumstance that the
’ " ' “  ."Wm — B ££35*'*F for ^
“E'iF”	a Lmaking soap
'	.	' , , . i	»• , the victims of assassination. In 1908 in his own country, hut abroad, a	CAgTr fcl f It f r* ''M
t ossack commanders cannonading i gtng Carlos and the Crown Prince of a distinguished jurist and financier,	vUl I t IN I ÎN CJ K
| cyme,	Portugal were done to death; three and has been decorated by the	\ A/ATE*n A
Deaing destructions everlasting years earlier the assassins claimed the French A cad cm v While his state-	I |" K JR
doom;	(irand Duke Sergius of Russia; and	• ‘turaifv a partisan one, it WT	% B e*i * “
SSSa! te	rt I disinfecting
n	n* •	,	Nasred-din. Shah of Persia. Alexander competent to make a statement o I nOCTC
tiaunt gunners	grapple,	giving	„ of HuR8lai and	Abdul Aziz,	Sultan	any sort that is understood by the	I	Tl |JXFTX	1J|Tm|N*S
gashes good ;	cf Turkey.	English-speaking people that lus ut-	f	vLVUhiVfUlinilig
""zf* ........... z."i,k SINKS, eç
Ibrahim, Islam. Ismail, imps in ill, Rut the shadows of past tragedies p<,at,.<| anilDOi that hux «• been
Jostle John, Jarovitz, Jem, Joe, »rp very different from the shadows of, ,et luo8e jn the Balkans by Austria's i K 1:11	tragedies which still hang In the bal-
L'• l 1 * ji1 *v a n 1 •	» 1 ¦ ance. It is when death threatens the
Kick kindling Kutosoff, king s kins- Rtill living that our greatest sympa
men kill,*	thles are aroused.	Everyone	will re-,	„ ... .. . w • tvJ
Labor low levels,	longest,	loftiest	member the wedding gift of	a	bomb	7e bkens the situation in the
lines;	In	a bouquet which the present King	Balkans to that of a \oleano	with
Men marched ‘mid	moles,	mid	of	Spain received on his marriage day.	three craters, any one likely to
mounds, ’mid murderous mines.	A	hundred people were killed or |n	|bfeak out independently of	the
untilrf* muie	Jurcd by the bomb, and it was only by	others, and cover the country	with
Opposed opposing, overcoming 8 m,ratl* ,hat lhp K,n* “8C“ped
odds.
Poor peasants, partly purchased, partly pressed.
Quite quaking, quarter, quarter quickly quest.
Reasons return, recalls, redundant
"UNEASY LIES THE HEAD THAT MONTENEGRIN WRITES ABOUT
WEARS A CROWN
T«
Terrible Punishment for Even Youthful Prisoners
in Early Times
G
THE BALKKX8
\
î
Many of the World's Rulers Literally Carry Their Lives In Their
Hands.
The Situation Likened Is Thai of a Volcano Willi Three Crater*.
To secure as far as possible that blood spitting, and not only would
convicts hon . maim and mut il
ate themselves in all manner of ghastly ways, but it is stated that men would often inflict grave injuries on fellow prisoners upon the latter s urgent supplication.
When, too, we remember that the greatest number of lashes it is now possible to inflict upon a prisoner 36, a . amazing t<> read that in
i Victoria’s
r

*****
U?v
no one under the age of 21 years should be found inside of a prison through a combination of probation, supervision, and Borstal treatment, says London Tit-Bits.
That is one of the salient features of the new crimes bill which Mr, McKenna, the home secretary, is piloting through parliament at the present time. This “most Christian crimes hill termed, strikingly illustrates the progress we have made in modern times in regard to the consideration and treatment of criminals seems almost incredible, indeed that in the memory of our grand fathers, boys of from twelve to six teen years of age were flogged, and herded together on hulks, the floating prisons in the
Thames.



I the early days of Queen ' reign local magistrates were sentencing prisoners to no fewer than 300 lashes. One lad of only eiglit-lt een received this appalling
tence, hut after 70 lashes had been laid on the sufferer apparently collapsed. He died some years after whipped, ward while serving a sentence in a
penitentiary.
Witches and lunatics were also subjected to terrible treatment. The
On these hulks young and old — imputation of sorcery was enough “criminals, lunatics, feeble-minded, for a death warrant, and it is esti and outcasts of all kinds, were coop- mated that during the sixteenth and ed up for periods generally varying	nth centuries 30,000 a leged
witches were hounded to death in this country.
There w as no proper treatment or
Vbout 1824 (a ding to Mr. humane n tment for lunatics,
even royalty being flogged and ill*
treated while insane. And one of
as it has been
sen
4
)
between one and seven years George Ives, in his striking book History of Penal Methods.
V
says
V a
v.Vx
vy
declaration of war
II

A Volcano of Three ( rater*.

Ives) they appear to have nlacetl
the 1» ,\ ' . U a s)H‘cial ship, the Ell	.
rvalus. and there the youngest *vil- the most amazing incident's in tin1
of history of this country is the manner in which King George III. was treated when he became insane.
‘ His body was immediately inclosed in a machine which left it no j liberty of mofion. He was sometimes chained to a stable. He was j frequently beaten and starved, and at last kept in subjection by menac ¦ ing and violent language. . . . All his troubles were intensified by ill-treatment. They left him to be knocked about by a German ser- , vant, and the first doctors kept him even from his own children • • • Such was the orthodox treatment in those days applied against the highest in the land.”

lain, was nine years old, some the boys, the inspectors reported, ‘are so young that they can hard lx put on their clothes.* ’
What he says about the
iliiiif sssFfci mm
tlence and persistence show the Inten-	Xs b<tween Austria-Mungai x "it	destruction. A few weeks ago it
sity of his purpose.	[be onp hand, and, on the other	was thought that the first crater,
Here Is one example of the extra- hand, the Servian people living in other words, the relations bec rag?’ . .	...	.	. ordinary precautions which are taken within that empire and in the two tween the Greeks and the Turks,
oaves sinking so diers,	softensaeig-J to safeguard the Tsar's life. When an	free kingdoms of Servis and Mon	was moat likely to overflow
nors sage.	|	Important journey Is afoot, three	tenegro.	This bitterness of feeling	Yoviteheviteh ‘naturally espouses
C ra.lne	I	start off at Intervals of a few minutes.	Hungarx	real lx took oxer the Serb	(,reeks, living in Asiatic Turkey.
\amsh, vile vengeance !	Vanish,	| Pa88lng large Btatlons. they draw	provinces	of Bosnia and Herzcgoy-1	Something might be said, on the
victory \ am	level, and during the journey the Tsar	ma —drenched by Servian b 1 « **1 in	other hand, of the policy of the
Wisdom walls war—walls warring frequently changes from one train to	the terrible wars of 1876-7 against	Greeks to make life impossible
words. What	were.	another.	the Ottoman Empire—although	the Mohammedan» living in the
Xerxes. Xantippe, Ximenes, Xnv :	-	t,iese provinces were not actually country which has recently come
ier?	Fair and as	annexed by Austria Hungary until under Greek control. The third
Vet Yassv’s vouth, ve yield your Once, however, the Anarchists sue- 1908. All Serbs from the diplomats crater is constituted by the Alban-
i ........................... mmmmmÊmm
,	. .	au Introduction. There are some	Another time an attempt was made ,	f & worked toward the and this I rince is accused by the
lor instance,	a baker, who	morai	alterations that can only be se	. MOST DREADED DISEASE	through one of the guards whose duty | 8 P^ratton	of berxia and Monte ne-	author of being	a mere tool of Aub'
sold loaves which	were short	of	cured	by suffering, because suffering,	_ it Is to watch outside the Tsar’s bed- gj"0 .An<' 1	3 uisentegration of the	trian	aggression.
weight, was shown with the bread Is like fiery heat, wherein just as the There |g unnecessary Cruelty In i'<x)m every night. An attractive Hus- Slavic elei; ents in Austria-Hungary gretted that the tied round hi* neck. A fishmonger, iron becomes soft enough to mould, :	t ,	7 slan girl, using her beauty as a bait, viz.: the Orthodox Serbs and the
who had been selling bad fish was so the character or disposition or soul	' m n 0 prosy'	caused the Cossack to fall In love with Mohammedan Serbs; the Catholic
naraded with a collar of linking becomes soft enough to bo reshaped; Dread and horror of leprosy are her. Then, having enlisted his sympa- Croatians from the Orthodox Serbs,
z: ïcwüf E2	%	j 5SL?aar*!?5!« :	r3£	:
adulterated spices was placed in blindness of insensibility to spiritual Jesus, and the Bible stories convey but of tremendous power, under their <V.	•,	,	,	annihilation	oi the
the pillory and had the powders	truths, if not to spiritual fact alto-	the Idea	that leprosy is the most loath-	beds. Duty	preceded love, however,1	n.	' c peuples and the extension
burned beneath his nose.”	gether. which is found in some admir	some of	diseases. It Is usually muti-	In the Cosack's breast, and he	Inform-	u!	Austrian Empire to the Aege-
Rpfprpnnp mi 1,1,1	hp mad»	u,	ab,e characters. Sorrow, like all	lating and disfiguring, but no	more so	ed the head of the guards on the very a" kca through the seizure of Sal
lien mm might	a. o m mail	to	things	else, has its rhythm; It dies	than come forms of cancer.	In early	night in April selected for the crime, onica.
the trial bx ordeal in the old daxs. awuy, tt sinks into sadness, then sud stages It so so far from loathsome Over twenty arrests were made, but Ae*irlaN PI*..,, uu,..,
There was the consecrated barley denly, with gathered strength, it re that It Is often supposed to be some the girl escaped.	1 ”	1 ,a,ls 1|lw«rr).
cake which was supposed to choke turns and overwhelms us like a flood, harmless skin disease, until the pa	T.	Flf.ne	“The Balkan Wars however
a perjurer if he tried to swallow it.	What a pity we cannot preserve the	tient comes Into the hands of a ,pe-	The	Ka,eere E#Cap€*	slaved havoc with the\,rklnlw
A test tried with hot water, in which	and fuPPle temper developed by	cialist.	Sometimes the specialist de-	Anarchism	has always been	assocl-,	f	\ \ , ian nlnn T t m v»rv
E™,~StSSEm:rtEaS
scalded. Another test consisted <•! accept, to welcome, from our dearest, in store for a leper at the hands of the been the subject of attacks. Just pre- Montenegro from becoming great	England,
inserting the hand into a glove or Their very buffets in the shadow of public.	vtous to a visit of the Kaiser to Ur- and powerful, and determined to	u%t	^ eik, .	, ,
hot iron without being	burned	by	this fear	are a happiness.	A	thou Every	now and then we are shocked	ville Castle, In Lorraine, five men	find somehow or other a new ore '	,, [ ¦ I* P°*,,D,A Ul
it.	•	sandth	part of the devotion	they in	to read	in the papers a report from	were detected burying dynamite In	text for meddling in Balkan affairs	£?or tnan* that u to say action	for
Tl»e horrors of the transportation *Plr“ '*** m carry « lfm?lo;hly «orne part of the country telling of the park They turned out to be dan- This the Austrians achieved at the d"’or4ce' but’ °J fourse the first
ments in Australia	and	New Zea	--- to pass	his life In solitary confine-	publish details of the above plot were	Congress of Berlin to the Servian	• <m	(	"ring or defend an	ac-
land the prisoners	committed	de	Hope	is	the dream you have	when	nient, seeing no one but the man who	issued at the time, and this suggests	people, thanks to • the machin-	llun ln	CoUrt*	without any,
sperate assaults, often upon	each awake.	brings him food, who deposits it at a	the existence of further instances, the	ations of Austrian diplomacy. The	mcans w"*tsoever. It is merely ne-
from ! Continual cheerfulness Is a	manifest	distance and hurries away for fear	details of which have not leaked out.	principality of Albania, with its	cessar>' for the litigant to satisfy
sign of wisdom	of breathing the Infected air. More	Italy Is another monarchy which In	boü strewn with the bodies of brave	th|e	that he or she has suf-
he tries to do things the easiest way. Vet. if somebody with more pity or has nearly lost his life, both before. ^ tV s^rbH* conscious of the anti {h	which is' increased to
When	the average man succeeds In	Intelligence than the general public	and since his coronation. Two years	‘ pr 1	Austria Hungary,	^1IHI nnder special vircumstniices,
A* M.rnunr#»	Hnrl.or	,,n one	raising	the wind he begins to blow	undertakes to care for a leper he runs	ago he was attacked while driving to	feel and	justify,	a very great hatred	and tbe case is heard. Already
.V ‘	•	* t . about it.	Ihe risk of sharing his patient’s ostra- the Pantheon. A man named Dalba for the Austrian monarchy, and a ®ome 300 barristers and 400 sal ici t-
vccasion, tbree J1 8u !	u'; " •	A man s faith in his judgment gets	cism. A few months ago the Chi	sprang at the Royal carriage, and	desire, even stronger,	for	terrible	ors have made application to place j
one was to be elain, another was M	a	rebuke every time he steps up a	cago papers were full of the story of	fired at King Emmanuel with a	vengence.	their names on the mil of those
strike the fatal blow, the third was *tcp that isn't there.	4a young woman who had been nurse Browning He missed his mark, but	.	,	........I	. w, u;,j ...
to the a witness of the planned Lots of men walk miles to hear a ,n a leper hospital, had tried to come wounded an officer In the neck, and it	Assassination Inspired.	p ,*** u ,ak (a*OH wllhuUt f j
deed ; so they would get a	respite—	political	speech who wouldn't walk a I	hack to ordinary life, and found to her	was only with the greatest difficulty „Th_	. .. „	and 1,200 applications are on .iand
a -rim 'holiday '	\t Port Arthur	block to	hear a sermon.	;	dismay that she was an object of fear	that the police rescued him from the ;*ne	examination of the Crown	to give these <00 men cases. Of these
___ _ ‘r#{#.r_j L:.	- n	n-rtieu.	When the wind propels a straw hat	to everyone, and that there was no	bands of the crowd.	*, m<;e And 1 rmcetBS	Austria at	applications for hearings 400 are for
one iiian muroerea mi^own^	par ru	|t	|g chMBed# but the remarks of the	Ci>ur§e open to her but a return to the	Surely It Is only the unthinking man	Sarajevo was nothing	hut	an eg.	divorce, so that in England at least
ssc:	......... “
even allowed to sleep properly, and rearrange the colors of the rainbow as ca*fs (here ham been close contact	-•- men who committed the rewrettnl.i.
I MSS--—11 SffiE£KS?2  ____________________________________________________ fÆTf• isd E
prevented. A recent bulletin of the	--- thc mo” ruU4,lea8 enemy of the Herb
public health service contains a report Light From Sun At Times Reflected race* But Austr an diplomacy ha^
The well-known English phvsi- i ®f a **ri«s of studies made In Molo-	By Disk of the Moon.	found in his assassination a prop!
»' ............ïïïvss .....................................
9 One day the schoolmaster kept trol of our public health service, which pens that Its light continues to reach	ti l! i . r !? and
young Lestler after school, arid maintains physicians and laboratories ui* Indirectly and feebly, reflected by	r1 h^Jil,Plat*. 0^
talkmi long and earnestly	upon	the	there so that the lepers are given the	the whole or part of the disk of the	ian ^r<‘^n ()«ice in Vienna)
The lad showed	beet of medical care At the same	moon Inversely, when a portion of	will also try to inculpate the two
time they are allowed to live as ordl-	the lunar disk Is not Illuminated dl	Serb capita s. Belgrade and Cet-
nary human beings, with their hue-	rectly by the sun. It happens that It Is	tinje. But 1 am convinced that
bands or wives and their children, so	feebly Illuminated by the earth-shine;	neither the one nor the other EhI
that there Is no Isolation, no peat that Is to say. by the reflection that anything to do with the assassina
SSS: ErEB r’«
endeavored to determine the bright- V, r lh , *2F	.Attatna-
ness of the light received In this way	an,‘ fKingdoms,
by the moon, and has measured the In- sn<* “ic day docs not appear to be tensity of thla light compared with the far off when relatioi Intensity of those parts of the lunar pletely severed disk which are illuminated directly by the dangerous situât
LI*?*-- tajSBLJaBtrnisS SâE	^
¦ ¦	shillings for a visit V oung Lett I the straw came from that broke the the sum a little before the first quar
times ewaJ lowed so as to bring on 1 ]er9a father a sa a ph\ sicisii.	I csmel's back I
ruins
Horrible, indeed, was the runish-ments meted out to young criminals at the beginning of the last century.
“The gallows load was heavy ; an instance appeared in a Times paragraph. January 18,1801, which tells how a certain Andrew Branning, a luckless urchin aged only thirteen, had broken into a house and carried off a spoon. Others were with him, but they ran away, and ofily he was captured and brought to trial. His story ended in two words, which were short and customary 'Guilty—death. "
Dr
There was. however, even in the days when the petty thief was transported for fourteen years for stealing a loaf, and both men and women were flogged in public at the tail of a cart and pilloried and branded for minor offences, a certain humor in the poetic punishments meted out to dishonest tradesmen.
for
SORROWS OF LIFE
It Is Useless and Irrational to Shirk
From Them.
It is to be represent war is not likely to settle both the other questions that have in them thiL . germs of a second and a third-struggle. It would appear that as' man is born to trouble and Mexico to revolutions, the Balkan States horn to war, and upon the stormy horizon there is nothing thaj promises to give the territory pen manent peace.
are
DIVORCE FOR THE POOR
m
other by prearrangement absolute weariness of their lives, in order to get away from those dreadful places, if only as witnesses, or even as persons accused of murder.

after working on the road and in quafries for ten or twelve hours in chains, which weighed from six to seven and sometimes nine pounds, thev were herded together in parties i\f twenty in four strung boxes or shanties built of thick timber.

Hood Advice.
if
CALCARY OIL FIELDS
FREE MARKET LETTER.
Commercial quantities of hlgi-grade oil in • proven He'd and tee* mendotv devekipmen t now under war. wii
cmn
notoriously wild
4 tiu small was the cubic area of J he was unruly, these places that the inmates could not all stand or sit together at the same time unless with their legs at right angles to their bodies ; often error of his ways the width of floor on which each little interest, and at last the mas could lie was only eighteen inches ter said, sternly. Young man. I
shall send a n	\<>ur father,
and have him call and see me.'
* Oh, don t do that. said the
nd as clever

making centre.
and bucdneee men from mil qo*rt*rw of the world are eendtns capital here to take advantage of the won-
derful o
taottu*
W# are not promoter» tied to one
pro poet won. and blind.-a by pw ladke. but are free and todepr-.d-eat to recommend or condemn the
per prisoner.
Even in this country as late as the 70's, the life in our prisons was so bad that to gain admission to the infirmary, which was well named “the jail paradise,' convicts reported to aU manner of desperate de
ferleue stock# according to oar bo.I
of our lirr espertencr
boy
and thorough knowledge of
¦ E-LI I I	A desirable thing to know is how
But the master repeated Yet, I beat to sweeten the bitters of life will. \ our father shall come and | wjth mirth.
•ee rne bo morrow.	I Wav ward Traveller—Pardon, but
• I advise you not to, replied wfoat do vou have vour mattresses the mischievous vouth	stuffed with t Tavern keeper— With
But why not ?” asked the teach- the best straw in the hull <
tines.
asgerlv eoagkf i The Oil Barone
early inventors la new pit field# The ODportaaltr km here ngbt during tip both email


red matter
-
as bite of wool or Pitches from a garment, were often introduced beneath the akin to met up artificial mores. Powdered glass was some-
th
and large * rue today far aaas at thr die
trial
authority am Calgary atoeke -BO
has
VOKf
oar market letter

er

HARLAN A COMPANY,
Other Warn Pending. Since this third crater has l
Herald Building. Calgary, Alta.
ter
###PAGE###3###

'
Bed Bramble Jelly. — Unripe Dreadnoughts But they carry no lee•
turn Mack, Remove the Aba Iks, And that is aside from the fact that wash well, then cover them with wa the British 9.2-inch is a gun of terri-ter. Boil them steadily for half an ble effectiveness but faintly shadowed hour, bruising them well at the side forth in figures.
of the pan as soon as they begin to Besides, Britain has thirty-eight
n. .1...m assis ssy-ssra.rs
mg through a j# lly bag is not really Germany. Of armored cruisers, unnecessary. as the jelly is quite clear tain has sixteen to Germany’s three, when first passed through a colan- Italy’s four and Austria’s none, dor and afterward through a comparison-morale, training, dlsci-strainer— both enamelled, of course, pHne and fighting efficiency, since metal would destroy its beautiful red color. And it is well worth while to leave the residue draining
tho swamp the last thing I saw of them. How long have they been both ering you? ”
"Well," maid Mr. Rindge, scratching his head, "only since this morning, but I guess they’ve been there longer. My wife says she saw some calves down In my lower meadow night before last,
Having bought three Holstein heifers but thought they were ours, and so	.	.
of a stock raiser named Ainsworth, of didn't tell me at first."	SSBSE	*U,M Ki'cipet*
drive the animals home. We speedily going, we had discovered where they ?	monesj, about a pound and a half of
found that we had our task cut out for had escaped from the pasture, over à t	ÀÆÊÊfÊjmjàA pineapple either fresh or tinned,
i irtially prostrate length of fence	four pounds of sugar, two lemons.
The intervening distance was thirty where I™	After taking off the skin in the or
#####=Kg imu
I	I I- I I	. My gracious.” said my cousin.	very small pieces and leave it ouv-
mm#	hüh
have lost one or more before we had # |ofig and frult|e88 search, we return- get them? Did they stray there, or about forty minutes, then strain and gone a mile.	ed t0 the house to consult Uncle Jake, did ho come here and steal them ' if necessary boil again until redue-
We certainly ran five rods hither 'Ten to one, ” he decided, after hear- "Neither, I think. As to his stealing ed to a teacupful. Next day boil and yon for every rod that we pro |ng our at0ry, "they’ve gone back to them himself, he has lost only a half melon, sugar and liciuid from gressed northward, and by the middle Bethel. Yes, that’s what they've day’s work In the last four months, u .	,	,	.
of the afternoon were tired out. as done!"	and that was when he went to dicker	™ ?p™s *?nt,> ,or	a®ho“^ the”
were the heifers. When we came to "But, father," Jim	asked, lncredu-	with Spencer. I don’t believe they	D . n the pineapple.	About twenty
a roadside barnyard In Clear Valley, lously, “do you mean that cattle ever strayed, either."	minutes subsequent boiling usually
one of the few prosperous and well- act that way—like a cat?"	I "How did he get them, then? ’ thickens it sufficiently, the lemon
settled districts through which we had ««Not often, but sometimes, when "You must remember his dog. Shep? juice being added five minutes be-to pass, the smallest heifer staggered they’re not yet wonted to a new place. That dog Is a wonder. As I figure It fure completing the process Inside the inclosure, through the open Those heifers got out first, probably, out, Steve sent that dog after them % ,	.	F
gate, and fell rather than lay down; an(j Parted straight south; and the some evening soon after they were	1,	1 ,um ,We *°5*r
the others crowded beside her.	other# only followed after happening driven over here. Shep, of course, pounds of melon (two rather small,
"We can’t get them any farther to- to find the broken place in the fence, knew the place and the cattle—that's firm ones), four pounds of red night," said Jim, sitting down on the You boys hitch up the little bay mare why he took no others. He would plums five pounds of sugar. Halve edge of the watering trough, and wlp to the light buggy, and drive to Alns- start hack about midnight, and get to an<j s^)ne the plums and mix with tng his firehead with hia handkerchief, worth's, inquiring here and there along the corners near my north place be- them about half of the sugar After
zrzsssr* swx-jssjgtm st— arse, rusrzr s =™. • Tr, - ».
cording to the numbers on the tele- We started at noon, and reached the chances are ten to one that no one,111 >ns. cut them into half inch diet phone poles—about thirty-five by the dealer’s house in Bethel shortly after	would see them at that hour. Do you	and add the remainder of the sugar,
route we’ve followed. Have you any sundown, but neither	there nor any-	know, 1 counted the houses, coming	Cover the pulp and	seeds of the
Idea who lives here?”	where else could we learn anything re- over, and there are just thirteen be- melons and the stones taken from
"Not the slightest; but we can soon garding the stray heifers. They had tween that corner and your place. the p|um9 wjth wat	them
where we found a pleasant young man	were	lost somewhere	in	the	interven-	\es, sir!	He would pick a pocket tatupful in rapid boi mg, remove
gathering early fall	fruit.	On hearing	Ing	woods	or	swamps,	we	seemed	to	if	there was	a cow or a sheep In it, the kernels from the	stones and mix
of our predicament, he readily agreed be searching In the wrong quarter. and be got his orders from Steve them with the plums. Allow the to keep us overnight, and treated us We stayed overnight at Ainsworth's Bates. I never knew of any dishon- whole to stand covered in separate both courteously and kindly. We told and returned home the next day. Go- est y before, hut Ive seen him do some I vegMe|H for a (ju an<j a • jlt yyhen
him our names, and learned in turn ing south, we had found no one at the wonderful things.	readv boil the meh.n nnd linnid
"wsrss	ass-M-e
i	had a master	who dared show himself. | aM. the. ™e,<?n and	fi“eIy &r.ated	As	Belgrade	la	situated	directly	on	to	add	the	heterogeneous	units	of
nuds of the lemons.	As the pieces	the	river	and	has	no	batteries	that	Austria	and	Italy,	that	;re	not	even
could effectively resist even this little tactically acquainted with each other, navy, the flotilla would be ample to in the hope of overcoming that su capture Belgrade single handed. The perlorlty, would only make the whole
flotilla, moreover, would have no diffi- : array so much the easier victims._
cnlty In covering the landing for Bn '
Invading army.
un
HOME
M INNOCENT THIEF

§# :





UH
German Discipline.
The German navy Is a wonderfully efficient organization—In a typically
on inclined dishes or large plates *'en°an	1 *,er* *M discounting
v......"r .. u.w	is
whiih runs off is su clear and red jan navy has almost none of the as to be a good substitute for the showy precision of discipline of the juice of red currants. For each German. For one thing, their ships pint of liquid add from three-quar- ore dirty compared to the spotless ter to one pound of good preserving	breath the banner of the
mss liked, and boil the two to rJt of 8iap(jaHh in it that doesn’t im-gether until it stiffens when tested, press the eye. But for all around off If caught at the right moment it hand sea fighting efficiency a good will set when it has boiled for about many competent critics rate the Ital-twentv minutes, but once this stage ljn navy, ship for ship, a notch above
longer. Lemon juice to taste should by one circumstance—the Austrian be added when the jelly is nearly German is no sailorman and never ready. The sub-acid flavor of this was.. The Hun is no better. As a jelly is very agreeable in a Swiss consequence the Austrian fleet is roll or Victoria sandwich. When “»““•* entirely ^y Italians and Dal
kyiled only to a thick syrup and
stored in screw ton jars, it will keep matlan, while a gool sailorman racial-good for months, and will be found ly, |8 a Serb. He is pure Slav, with an useful to serve either hot or cold much love for the Germans as any of with blanc mange or plain souffles h*8 race. He Is Serb In language, or farinaceous puddings.	g[™pa,hies' and very ,argely ln re,l‘
many of the valleys, across which the roads w ere corduroyed.
The young cattle had spent most of their lives in a back pasture, had ne*
Criticism of French
The French navy has come in in the past for some very hard knocks from the critics. Discipline in that service has been declared to be Just two jumps above the Russian stand ard and approximating that of Spain. IT IS EQUAL TO THE TRIPLE As a matter of fact, the French navy
, suffers from very much the same trouble as the Italian. There are no navel men in the world who study 1 their profession along scientific lines Training Not So Good On Ships of with the zeal the French put into It.
; But It la the English ships which are to-day the best manned, the best handled, and probably would be the best fought, of any ships in the The Danube River, which forms the world. It might be possible by lump-
BRITAIN'S NAVY POWERFUL
ALLIANCE

Germany, Italy and Austria.
In fruit culture
he has In out even bo much as a common sys
Germans No Match.

The German fleet alone la an excel
.<rjjjng dog," he said, coupiv^f dollars for his use, and bring him bach .to-day after tomorrow my- them, have you?"
Bejf” ^	|	"No."	1______________________
"Ôh, he’d come back all right!" said As we were about to drive on, be The mongrel collie continued faith	, - i.
Steve, chuckling. "You wouldn’t have suddenly halted us, and walking up, ful and useful, but at no time familiar, of melon become clear transfer "to bring him Hut he’s over with some rested one foot on the hub of a front until the following spring Then one them to a dry jar. When all are of my wife’s folks; I don’t know just wheel of the buggy.	j day early In April he vanished, and we done mix with the boiling vinegar
where to find hlm."	"1 was a lumberman once—a long	never saw him again. A little later	the sugar, spice and salt, boil it
"You could get him, Steve, In no	time ago,” he said, with a wink. "The	we learned that Bates had been seen I gjow|v for twenty minutes and to
£3aH-K'-Bi aSS
his offer; but the most that Bates	He winked again, dropped his foot to	family debates as to the probability of	should not enough remain to fill the
would say was that if the animal	the ground, and strode away.	Mr. Power’s theory being absolutely	jar or jars almost to the brim. Pour	.	..	iirii . n#ime
•’turned up” we might have him. We	We had heard similar rumors be	correct, but never could reach a un-	ft over the melon while boiling and h® ,npl h‘V <.	t i , g
renewal of the struggle. Steve ap- The cattle seemed to have vanished Make Safe Passage of Train. «ar. arrowroot, lemon juice or % hut net now avallaWe Healde, P«tty glow to colored ginghams.
man ordered, and released the animal, til, one noon late In October, Homer Poullain, while he was on duty on the! the fruit stewed to provide the	«hl J t	%.«2 te!
It walked sedately behind the cattle, Powers drove hurriedly Into our yard, line from St. Denis to Epernay, on the] juice. The red juice yielded bv red , iet,	,l> V,	. ' . t1
and there paused, looking to ui for In- After being Introduced to Uncle Jake, main Parle-Vhantilly line.	I currant, give, the best effect, .“"‘“"doübtthatuJ^d'lake wecT	¦¦
ÉëëëSÈ ËE S# I	& 3 fa;
"You’ll And him a good dog; and you We all looked surprised; but Jim	Paris, and both of the Poullains were	juice	or tomato	syrup takes its	tan	years ago	Germany maintained	If you spill tea on, a	ta recloth
couldn’t keep him If you tried to.” said, ”1 could!" and I nodded.	certificate servants of the company.	place The fruit	from which the	,™e	reinnirkable	policy of arming none	cover it with common salt	and leave
Although hia appearance was hardly ! "Well," Powers observed, with a dry	These boxes are only entrusted to	j^e	is extracted	should be slowly	/nri »ntw**' .htns	jt on ,or tt whl1^ ^ hen	lhe $L<>th
gjggggg
first few rods he had no difficulty In know It till last night.”	lain and his wife, and soon after 3 in ed through a fine strainer, but if Purt‘ «laughter.	Jin collars and surfs, baste t.icm to
keeping the heifers to the roadway. The fruit raiser let his glance rest the morning the woman, hearing a j not strain it through a scalded jelly	Italy's Power.	a piece of heavier muslin and it will
They were driven steadily ahead at	on one face after another for a	mom-	cry, ran down and found her husband	or 01<1 tabic napkin tied to the	The second naval power of the	Trl-	not be apt to stretch or tear in the
the rate of about four miles an hour	ent, and then continued:	lying on the threshold just able to	j	0f a reversed chair	Re heat	P,e Alliance is Italy. She can send	process of laundering.
s&srsa?s.S'TàîÆiK:%zijv'-z SL^æ^sJssxsx. *?sjs?b-,r •™
•winging walk, and tell the dog what way station, met me yesterday as I Poullain, when she heard the sema-, mer & at a me " t h y b • designed as they are by the man who ! S‘ess bottles.. A^gtance tells yoBl road to take when we reached a turn. I was going to the station with a load of phore bell giving warning of the ap- come transparent narrow pieces of jg conceded to be the ablest warship exact.y what is inside, t.ius sav.ng Of course the cattle had been tired the barreled apples, and asked me If the proaclilng 8.09 train, and. leaving her melon about two inches long. When designer now living, will have to be a good deal of time which would be day before, and drove more easily than grade Holstein* Steve Bates had to dying husband, she rushed to save the m\\ are done thicken the liquid to reckoned with In any sea fight. She taken up in turning over the hut If they had been fresh, but most of the sell were three-quarter blood, as he lives of the passengers by working the-consistency of thin cream with hae two more fine ships on the ways, tons If put in a box. credit for their docility was due to the had represented them.	the points, which she alone now un- ™roo* /„ •* Cti-n fluurj a»d flav- but DOt wl*hln months of commission
fatigued, and the heifers showed no cept those on that old blind horse wife ing at the top of her voice, and she brandy or liqueur, though ready t ' ^ eight old battleships, which, although <‘Frlne» ai l* * to the si .on, and at sign of exhaustion.	drives/	saw first their son and then the neigh- serve when cold, it will keep a week probably gun for gun. are better ships low to dry on. tor a light silk gar
r-rd cheerfully give twenty-five dol !	"'Why, you’re pasturing them	over	hors come out and pick up the wound-	or	two in a covered jar.	than Germany’s twenty old ships,	are	ment the glycerine should be mixed
lars for you, old fellow, If your master	on your north farm!' said Ford.	ed man, but, though half heartbroken	Tomato Syrup. — After	roughlv	open to much the same criticism.	with water instead of volk of egg
would sell you,” said Jim, patting the "That made me sit up and take no- and shaken with sobs, she remained • the tomatocs cook them very Austria, numerically. Is stronger Should the inkpot be accidentally
r- , B 2HEL-EE %	Jisfcrtt safir. 5-ti	e
We fed him well, and then went into see. that north farm of mine Isn't pro- conscious but still breathing, was jar or enamelkd saucepan until re-, Dreadnought class and three others, c>nce‘ 1 he lnk "1	11 ,r * n tbe wa*
the dining room for a belated dinner, periy a farm at all. It’s merely a tract placed on board and conveyed to duced to shreds. The pulp may then which, although older, smaller and ter, and when the cloth or carpet is When we came out Shep was gone, of woods and rough pasture; and ! Paris, while his heroic wife refused ^ either drained in a scalded jelly slower, wouldn’t compare unfavorably rubbed dry no stain will show.
He bad hastily swallowed the food set hadn’t been there since last July, when to quit the levers until 6 in the morn .	^r8t drained in an enamel- with the United States Connecticut	—-
before him. and started without a mo- I took up a pair of cotta Spencer Ing. when finally she was relieved by , J ,	,	. -fter-.r(i ,,.<sed c,ase Besides these she has three	An Ominous Adage,
merit's delay on the homeward jour- lives over the county line, and had another signalman It was only then'1™ roisnoer aiw aiierwarn P*"»*«|e|ere which class with Germany’s and ....	, .	T. .	,
nev	heard nothing about your lost cattle, that the poor creature broke down In through a strainer to remove the	»econdary line. All her fleet Is	a	pnUent living far
The heifers bad to be put In the "We had some more talk, and as a long fainting flt. and as soon as she seeds I*or each pint of liquid al i„ fun commission	from town had to telephone lor her
lower pasture with the calves and soon as I could deliver my load of ap- recovered she took train to see her three quarters of a pound of	Britain’s M.g / Fleet.	physician she apologized for asking
yearlings the next day, for the milch pies, I took him over to the north husband, whom she found dead.	sugar. Boil the two together to a	«heap three fleets for th* him to come such a distance
ing s silo with sowed com. when on a word of It	among the records of heroism claimed be found a good sauce to serve with Great BritmlaibasMnow «*_### end rao kill two bird
[he fourth or fifth morning a neighbor, "Of course I didn't pay much alien for the humble servants of the publie, blanc mmige or fsrinaceoue pud £ad>	*	6*	stone
..................................................................... ssssss feffi&MSS !
•nmVof you U) go bark with me end price of labor." "Quite right ! Two end it U easily stiffened by adding Identify them "	I of my clerks got married last week gelatine or arrowroot. It will keep
Bat," said Uncle Jake, "bow did be Md struck me lor more salary.,e for a year ar two in screw top jars
Household Hint*.
Germany's Fleet.
Corks may be made airtight and When it comes to a comparison of watertight by keeping them immers-the navies of the Triple Alliance and e<l in oil fur five minutes.
To remove the rusty appearance from suede shoes or slippers use a mixture of olive oil and ink in equal
The up-to-date housewife taboues all heavy cooking utensils. Those of
is washed, all stains will have dis-
To remove coffee stains, mix
mu
<1. -







J
uittance

"I wish you'd attend te your young
cati!#KKNKK0KKKKl^K
Ing all over ray place "
v ar«	aàe eicla
••They were la the pasture down by

to advert
class are but Utile below the Dread-

They're wander
he railed
t -
nought ratings

The ships carry four 12 Inch guns
text best thing s is not to have any
me


fore they are classed b
low the
• I

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
A junction of British. Belgian and French troops U reported to have lieen effected and a clash ln'twoen German ai.d French cavalry wuth of Namur is said to have taken place.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
Canada First.
SHAWVILLE. AUG. 13. 1914.
?
Germany and Austria threaten Italy The amount that the Dominion Par- with the declaration that if the latter
1 lament will lie asked to vote when it 11* ' ?n *hind of neutrality they
will consider themselves free to declare
, ,	i .	, w ,! Mid Austi ia will invade Ve
tely forecasted, but it is said it may aik| Lombardv
amount to seventy-five million dollars
D
6
T^O YOV contemplate building,
or making any alterations in that line ? If so, call in and
t rench troops have occluded the [ place your orders early, and Law towns of Altkirch and Muelhausen in
the Province of Alsace-Loraine after I Y°xlv material ready when re luting tin* ( lei man gar r is ms w it h con
BRITAIN AT WAR !	....
Peerless Overalls are One of the few Purely Canadian Overalls On the Market today, Born and bred in Rock Island where they Are now produced In two fine Factories.
We believe their equal Hard to find, and their Superior does not exist.
i
0
;
assembles next week van not be accura
l
fl
BEAVER
BOARD
see me
I
?
0
d
or more, making allowance for all con
i
i
li agencies
?
<1 uiretl. Ask for a sample of REA-I jP \ KR BOARD, the coming Interior I If
0
I
rvu
____	An official announcement from Brua- Finish for Dwellings and Public I n
m Am mm	\ ^turday night says that the city of	11
Summary Of til 6 NOVS- Liege has been invested by the German Buildings
army, but ill the forte there are still in Belgian hands, and remain practically ^ intact.	V

q
b
Ù
a
I
I
TRADE MARK
Great Britain declared war on Germany at 7 o'clock on Tuesday night, August 4, following Germany’s refusal to observe the neutrality of Belgium.
m 4
I
I
of BEAVER BOARD i
01 NO CRACKS 15
*r s': i »	- « »« *» *»»-»»• 11,
Anyone handy with tools by 11 following instructions can 11
apply it.	11
Is pure Wood Fibre through-1 If) out*
a
¦ a	Are ever seen in walls and
fll	ceilings made of Beaver
U|	Board. Durable, beauti-
01	ful, sanitary. Forty-one
advantages. Call ami how it looks.
food supply -one million bags of Hour which will be shipped across the Atlantic as it is required.
ti
Austria and Germany are now at war w ith Britain, France, Russia, Servia and Montenegro. Japan will defend British
interests in the far Bast. Holland, Bel
muni, Italy, Switzerland, Sweden, and I Canada has Purchased Two
Turkey are preparing to defend their |	Sub-Marine Craft
neutrality.
D
i
see
Peerless Overall Co.,
Rock Island, P. Q.
I
i
i
Fop mal# by
0
B. G. HODGINS.
a
R. G. HODGINS.
L
Sold by
9
Martial law was pixxlaimed in the ) { &nadian navy is being got to-United Kingdom before war was do- IK'dhor under the Naval Service Act ,’lared.	of 1910 as quickly aa possible under the
The Dominion Parliament has been nounced hy the Government on Wed summoned for August 18th to take de nesday that two submarines which fence measures and sanction the des have just Ihhmi built at Seattle for the jutch of 21,000 Canadian troops to Government of Chili have been pur Britain.	chased. The purchase was made quietly
Germany has sent an ultimatum to rt. •1*w	W*» before the actual déclara-
it aly calling on her to support the Alii-1 D,)n °f war- Stegm are being taken to mice and Italy has declined to do SO.
G. F. Hudgins Co., Sbawville.
Central Canada
Exhibition
tion of war. I
man them with naval reservists now in
A few sixvial officers are Wing obtained from the British Ad-WÊÊ With the Rainbow, which is
, •	, .	« .	...	. now in commission, the two sub-marine*
Liege, but were repulsed with heavy ^ fonu a va!uable llefonce awt
d j.? l j	j j **&iw*t Any {HMsible raids from German
kf]11 | hmuh' ix wounded I vessels, which may be detached from
.. ‘	j the German squadron now on the Pad-
McCORMICK WARE ROOMS
Canada
A German division under General von Kmmich, on being refused passage by I niiralty t he Belgian troops, attacked the city of
Ottawa, Canada
Howard Block, Centre St., Shawvllle.
Sept. Uth to 19th, 1914.
several thousands being killed or wounded.
were brought into Liege, losses were light, and the Liege fortifications were little damaged. Belgian despatches claim that the Germans were | navAj so utterly routed that they were unable to resume the attack on Liege.
Farmers’ Requirements
Entries Close September 4th.
fi.
Canada’s Greatest Fall Live - Stock and Poultry Show -
Accommodation for 2,500 Head.
On the Atlantic coast the call for - - reservists to man the Niobe has met with a prompt res|>onse, and the cruiser should be in commission in a
Buggies, Expresses and Waggons
in the following mm Lew :
Wm. Grey & Son, Bain, tyunro & McIntosh.
German troo|»s burned the town of tew days.
Vise, eight miles from Liege, and sum- Parliament will l*e asked to pass a manly executed civilians who fired upon | vola for the two sub marines purchased
from Chili as soon as it meets. Details as to their cost and armament are not yet given out.
J
HARNESS!
A complete stock of Harness constantly kept on hand. We carry the
durable kmd made by WILSON and CARSON-no better for the money.
them
All freight paid upon Live Stock from Ontario and Quebec.
Seventy acres of new, bright and up-to-the-minute Exhibits.
New 50,000 Agriculture and Horticulture Building,
Dairy Building covers 12,000 square feet in which Prize Competitions in Butter-making will be held daily.
Huge Parades of Prize Animals on Track in front of Grand Stand.
Magnificent Afternoon and Evening Performance in front of Grand Stand.
WILD WEST SHOWS —
(the best ever)
Unprecedented Night Military Display “ Nero, and the Burning of Rome."
The Government of Belgium has re quested the co-operation of the French array on Belgian territory, and French troops have already joined the Belgian array and Belgium is looking for the arrival of a British expeditionary force.
Lord Kitchener has been appointed
smmâsmm.
niier, published in the “Echo of the
Marvellous,” for 1911. On the Em-
|*eror’s birth on January 27, 1859, there was a conjunction of Saturn and Mars in Taurus, denoting the loss of proj>erty, the ruin of the House of Hohenzollern, and the destruction, of the German Era pire in 1913 or 1914.
The presence of Jupiter presages F a-peror William as the last German 1 .1-peror of the Hohenzollvms. Arrea. .to news in the horoscojie, means violence. The final |>assage is most striking :
^ “If there is a war in 1914 Wtween France and Germany, the former will be victorious. ’ It is a remarkable cumstance that predictions that the German Empire would end this year were made as long ago as 1971	'
oils French clairvoyant was asked what the future had in store, and reached her conclusions, not by astrology, but by strange method of numbers of her C B adding up ages and dates, ami reaching results that up to the present time have been verified.
Mme. E. de Phehes, the beat known of the present day Parisian clairvoyant*, is said to have refused to make any pro diction for the present year when she was asked to do so last autumn.
GERMANY’S LAST EMPEROR
Kaiser s Horoscope Shows Disaster to Be at Hand.
STABLE FITTINGS!
Hay Fork Outfits. Litter Carriers, Steel Stalls and Stantlons
Horses Bought and Sold.
v xr question, have been accepted
JOHN L. HODGINS.
President Wilson of the United States ha* offered his services as mediator of the warring powers.
Russian patrols crossed the German frontier at Lyx and Biala, driving the Orman cavalry outposts for ten miles in-fe re them.
2
2
The direct cable between Germany and the United States, has l*een cut by British warships, and all cable from Germany must henceforth pas4 through hostile countries.
A German mob ill-treated the Russian ambassador and bis suite as they were depart in wrecked the Petersburg.
The British cruiser Amphion has l*en sunk by contact with a mine, w ith a 1o*h f more than one hundred men.
Emperor William of Germany has issued an appeal calling u|*on all Germans cap able of bearing arms to fight for the Kitherland.
Just
Arrived
A Stock of
m
For fuller and more complete information, apply
cir
5Q
g, and a Russian mob German embassy at St
coo-coo
to
?
A fam
E. McMAHON,

CLOCKS

• V
Manager and Secratary,
26 Sparks St., OTTAWA, ONT.
a
from $8.00 up.
1 }
own,
VLI
o---
Also several
TIMBER CUT Ibee keepers*
FOR SALE.
Dining Room Clocks
Walnut Cases, Mission Wood Style,
Very Classy.

4
A Tien-Tsin des|tatch says that the Russian cruiser Askold aiul the German «•ruiner Rinden, in an engagement oft Wei Rai-Wei, have both been sunk.
SUPPLIES
I offer for sale all timber, logs and wood standing on Lot South West Half of No. 20, in the First Range of Clarendon, containing 1.30 acres. Terms
'•11 :!> ash. Appl) t..
¦ 1 ¦	¦	s saying
Madrid, Aug 6.—According to official that what she saw was “too dreadful! ' es mmv than 50 (iv:i m steamers have been captured by the British squadron to date.	I
The British Parliament has voted a war budget of .300 million dollars and I Washington, August 7.—Mrs. Wood has granted an army increase of 300,000' r?w Wilson, wife of the President of men in accordance with Kitchener’s I ^ !l** States, died at the White House
ns
FOR SALE I
Everything in the line of up-to-date Bee-keepers Supplies, as follow
Section*. Brood Foundation, Section Foundation, Separator*, Smoker*,
Super*.
Hive Bodies and Frames made correctly.
Wife of President Wilson Dead
J. S. BROWN, Portage du Fort, Que.
1
Tlifse Clocks are all imported, and excel anything of the kind
ever before aeon in Sliawville. See them.
At five o'clock yesterd&v afternoon.
wli
ïjssârsttrs55385sSE595nH'
-M of the crew	gradually grew weaker.	I ment.
The laat remaining doubt aa to whe- Kneeling at the heddde at the end , endowin'îiotr‘h? ther Canadian troop* would lie asked to were the President and his three daugh- made on the printed forms supplied and go to Europe was removed when a cable term. Dr. Cary T. Grayson. U. 8. N., i signed with their actual signatures, stat was received from King George and the and a nurse were in the mom, and just Ingtheir occupations and places of real
Stax	sgwsx-ïSsaSS
« wtmgent of 20,000 trained men to go in law, and Mr. Tumilty, hi» secretary, (he firm must be given.	*
S.5R	trs kS5&Sv5BH i
days it is ex|»ected the flower of the nounoed.	the Minister of Public Works, equal to 2
•	wmm will U isesmbli ; •____________I tea per sea	p < , rf tht amenai «the j
the training ground at Vakartier.	———————— tend-r, whu h will be f >rfelted If the per à
August 10.— Reports of a German £62i(l6*2 j^ZtCIlCCl fOT tract when called upon to do eo, or fail to
C School Cm-TiUdng.
j* rr r su&t £	—-
The Admiralty has announced that 14 Schools in the Municipality of Clar	R. C. DESR0UHBR8.
^ne of the cruiser squadrons of the main eodon has been extended up to one L	Secretary,
fleet was attac ked yesterday by German o'clock of Saturday, August gftth. j k’p*rt"“ nl of 1 uMic xx ortts*
Mil* marines. None of the British ships	M. A. Me KIN LEY	Ottawa, Augnat 1st. 1914
«Umted. One Oermsn .u^mmn» j	See.-Trees.	iTTheM^Tw"^
authority from the Department,
SANS SHADEL
Watchmaker, Jeweler and Optician.
to.
H STEWART,
R. M. R. No. I,
Shaw ville, Que
iT
MONUMENTS !
VER es VEARS* EXPERIENCE 4
Patents
Before purchasing your Monument
consult the
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Nothing too email.
Tnsot Mar
Dcbson»
Nothing too large.
Fencing an! Cemetery Work a Specialty.
Proprietor.
SLÏ
Scientific American.
SÜÜwffiS&SK
T. SHORE

*J-k
Shanrville, Aagivt 10, 1914
All Work Cuerenteed Satisfactory.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
TARIFF OF TOLLS to bo charged by The Upper Ottawa Improvement Company, Limited, season 1914.
TOLLS.
A GREAT CHANCE
for you to Save Money.
HARNESS
A Weekly Jeureal devoted to local Interests'
Published every Thmredey
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
REPAIRING
SUBHCBIPTION, $1 A YüAR IN ADVANCE
If All arrears must be paid up before any paper la discontinued.
I wish to Inform the farmers of Shaw-
On saw logs 17 feet and under—
We are determined to close out our entire stock of Misses and Childrens Summer Dresses.
One of the chief reasons why we sell so many Summer Dresses is because the people know they will always find with us New Dresses every Season. We realize that to sell you Summer Dresses at this season we must make the price so low as to make it a money saving opportunity.
\\ e have re marked them at a price so low as to leave no doubt but it is a money saving opportunity. Come and see.
Along with the Summer Dresses we include our Boys’ Wash Suits.
ville neighborhood that I have opened a
HARNKHS REPAIRING SHOP
Per 1,000 ft. B. M.
...... tk cent*.
on Centre Street (opposite John L. Hodgina* Ware-rooms) and am prepared bo do all work of that description which I may be favored with, in a satisfactory manner and at reasonable price.
Through Quinze Boom.........
Des Joath iuw Boon: Fort William Boom.,
Allumette Boom......
Melons Chenail Boom
Passing Lapasse Boom.........
Through Qu
“ fli<
o
ADVERTISING RATES
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $5.00per year.
Local announcements inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.	ggggggU
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-(shed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
1
1
2
io Boom......................................
omaoii Bay Boom...............................
Chaudière Assorting Boom.........................
Booms from Head of Deache ne* Rapid* (North aide)
to Head of Hull Slide.........................
14 Boom at Outlet of Hull elide......................
r>
SLACK CALDWELL
SHAVVVILLE.
¦i
U “
9*	‘
i
A *
THE SHAWVILLE
MEAT SHOP
The Tolls on Timber, other than saw-log*, 17 feet and under, passing the foregoing Booms will be
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, square or waney board, per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 saw log rate*.
Red and white pine tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet B. M„ If saw log rate*.
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feel and upward* in length, per 1,000 feet B. M., 1* saw-log rate*.
C'ords of wood, shingle bolts and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic feet, 2 saw log rate*.
Geo. Prevderoast, Proprietor.
(Successor to Ja». D. Horner I
A supply of - - -
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher.
Fresh and Cured Meats
Boom Working and Driving Expense Rates On saw-logs, 17 feet and under—
- - Always in stock.
Professional Cards.
Per 1,000 ft. B. M
Through Quinze Boom......................................... 15 cents
44 Des Joachims Boom, including sweeping in Deep River 4	u
Fort William Boom................................. 12	"
Allumette Boom including sweeping in Allumette Lakes 3$ “
Melons Chenail Boom, including sweeping in Coulonge
Lake
Shirks to Shout About.
Highest Market Price paid for Hides and Pelts.
Your Patronage Solicited.
These are odd lines of our Spring Stock.
every size but we may have your size and your pattern, and if we have, the value is good enough to shout about.
We haven’t
DR. A. H. BEERS
Pumps Supplied
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bat
2
Que.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
¦Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Chenaux Boom, including sweeping in Calumet Chenail
and Chats Lake...............................
Quio Boom, including sweeping in Deschene* Lake...
Thomson Bay Boom................................
Chaudière Assorting Boom........................
Boom from Head of Deschenes Rapids (North side) to Head of Hull Slide.............................
The Boom Working and Driving Expense Rates ou Timber other than 8aw-Logs, 17 feet and under, passing the foregoing Booms will be
—AND —
20
u
28
Wells Repaired.
104 14
il* 44
We are now in a position to fill1 orders for Pumps and refMtir Wells on short notice, and would therefore, be pleased to have your order now, as it is a suitable time.
We are now putting in pumps with a galvanized lining that makes a great improvement.
Prick* Pumps at our shop, near Starks Corners, $6.00, and $7.00 and up (according and condition of well).
All pumps guaranteed to give satisfaction.
A Real Hat Sale.
41
36
Dozens of smart fashionable hats for Men, Boys and Girls. They are all sizes, and in imitation panamas, and the ever popular sailor. No need to wear a
R. A. DRAPEAU, LL. L
Ville Marie Que.
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, square or wany board, per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 saw-log rates.
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long per 1,000 feet B. M., 1* saw log rates.
Rod and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted. 30 feet and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet B. M., 1 * saw-log rates.
Cords of wood, shingle bolts and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic feet 2 saw-log rates.
to length
weather beaten hat when you can get a bran
new
S. A. MACK A Y one 11130 r =¦
H. S. ELLIOTT & SONS.
R. R. No. 2, Shaw ville.
NOTARY PUBLIC Shawvllle, - - - Que.
Tuwino Rates.
On saw logs, 17 feet and under—
From DesJonchims Boom to Fort William...........
Schyan to Fort William Boom.................
Fort William Boom to Pembroke...............
Petewawa to Pembroke........................
44 Petewawa to Allumette Rapids................
Fort William Boom to .Allumette Rapids......
Allumette Boom to Paquettes Rapids..........
Melon’s Chenail Boom to Lapasse.............
Chenaux Boom to Braeside....................
Chenaux Boom to Arnprior or Chats Rapids....
Quyon Boom and Mohr Island Boom to Aylmer
chenes Rapids.............................
Quyon Boom to Mohr Island Boom..............
The Towing Rates on timber other thau saw-logs, 17 feet and under, on the foregoing stretches will be : —
Bed And white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, square or waney board, per 1,000 cubic feet, 15 saw-log rates.
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, ronnd or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet B. M , I* saw-log rates.
white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, ;*er 1,000 feet B. M., 1* saw-log rates.
Cords of wood, shingle bolts and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic feet, 2 saw-log rates.
ger^hour, where there U no specified rate per 1,000
$7.00
Per 1,000 ft. B. M ...... 12* cents
G. F. HOGGINS CO.
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given that the Valuation Roll of the Municipality of the* Township of Clarendon has been prepared by the Valuators according to I law ; that it has been deposited in my office where it will remain open to in spection and examination by parties in tcrested ; and at an adjourned meeting of the Municipal Council to l>e held on Monday, the 17th day of August next, it shall be homologated, with or without amendment.
Given at Shawville this 18th day of July, 1914.
7
6
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
a :
9$	44
1
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shaw ville every Saturday
6
? : 12* 44
CANADIAN PACIFIC RY.
HARVESTERS EXCURSIONS
Aug. 14th and 21 at 1914 To WINNIPEG
or Des
19
2
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
CATE, AC
I
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawvllle every Saturday
K T. HODOINS,
Hec.-Treas
Red a

TEACHER WANTED
Protestant Teacher with diploma for the Elementary Public School in the Village of Bryson, County of Pontiac. Term—10 months from 1st September next. School attendance, small. Elementary only. Applicant* please state experience in teaching and minimum salary acceptable. Apply to
H. T. HVROMAN,
Bryson, Que
From all Stations in the Provinces of Ontario and Quebec, east of Kingston, Sharbot Lake and Renfrew.
Proportionately low rates from Winnipeg to all points iu Manitoba for Excursion of August 14th, and to all points in Manitoba, and Moose Jaw and Ea**t in Saskatchewan and Edmonton and East In Saskatchewan and Alberta via Saskatoon for Excursion of August 21st
No change of cars between the East and the Canadian West customs examinations, No immigration inspection.
For information apply to nearest Can. Pac. Agent or to
E. J. HEBERT, 1st Asst. G. P. A., Montreal
Towing
feet.
GEO. C; WRIGHT
Steamer :—Alexandra
Steamer l^ady Min to, E. Il B • Alex. Fraser, ( I Powell, Hamilton, Hiram Robinson, G. B. Greene, and Albert
Steamer :—Pembroke.........................................
Steamer :—Wabia............................................
Steamer :—Alert............................................
Steamers :—O. B. Pattee, Pollux, Cantor, Beaver and Muskrat.. Steamers :—Hercules, Sampson and Mink......................
Towing, Driving and Sweeping Expense Rates On saw-logs, 17 feet and under—
From White River and Otter Creek to Des Joachims Boom
Wabis Creek to Des Joachim* Boom...............
\ Fort Temiscamingue to Des Joachims Boom..........
44 Montreal River to Des Joachims Boom.............
“ Opemican to Des Joachdus Boom....................
Head of Long Sault to the Des Joachims Boom....
Beauchene to Des Joachims Boom.................
Jocko Creek to	44	44	,.............
44 Snake Creek to	44	44	..............
Maltawa to	44	44 ..............
(Clock's to	44	44	.......
4 Magniaeippi to	44	44	.............
Head of Rocher Capitaine to Des Joachims Boom__
Detmoinee DeeJoarhima
The Towing, Driving and Sweeping Expense Rates on timber x other than saw-logs, 17 feet and under, on the foregoing Stretches will be
AC
ADVOCATE,
I
Hull.
196 Main St.
6.00
6.00
3.00 2.50
2.00
No
GEORGE HYNES
1.00
CONCRETE
Per 1,000 ft
Gibbs Comedy Co.
R M
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,ShawvilIe.
Personal attention. Open all hours.
II .75
The
WORK
EXECUTED.
1.70
1 .49
1.34
58
We, the undersigned, have purchased % CONCRETE Mixer and are now in •hspe to do all kinds of concrete work, either by contract or by the hour. For full particular# apply to
Of High Class Vaudeville Artists
31
29
28
will open a week s engagement in
24
19
18
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS-
JAS. R. & JOHN A. DEAN
Stark’s Corners, Que
13
f
11
in their cozy Canvas Theatre on the Station Road
04
is: Thursday, August 13th.
rp HE sole bead of a family, or an A over 18 years old, may home# quarter section of available Doi land In Manitoba, Saskatchewan or A1
bert*'	One solid week of fun and enjoyment.
b^proxTmÏ7Tbe,°msd!i*etDantyDi>aiiniorn Extra change of program each night consisting of ..
I^nde Agency (but not nub agency) on	„ _	,	__
ceneincondition.	8mging and Dancing. Musical Acts,
Dot lee.—Six month»' residence upon	.
'ÜÜSSyjS'WÎ	Acrobatic and Aerial Acta,
!ïïSE'«2m‘; Wire Walking, Juggling, good clean Oomedy, etc
lion». A habitable house la required Is every cues, except when residence le performed In the vicinity.
In certain districts # homesteader In wood «tending may pre empt a quarter section alongside his homestead Price
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, square or waney board, per l.OOi ibic feet, 15 aaw-log rules.
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per 1,000 feet B. M , 1* saw-log rates
Red and white pine, tamarac, spruce and hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet long and upwards in length, per 1,000 feet B. B., 1* saw-log rates.
Cords of wood, shingle bolts and other lumber, per cord of 128 cubic fe*L S saw-log rates.
• e
And other Usme during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned any violation of the Game l*w you become aware, of. Liberal compensation paid for convicting evidence. All correspondence strictly private and confl-dental.

ft
Prices • Adults 20 cents. Children under 12 years ID cents.
N.McCUAIC
Pror Gam Warden
THE SEASON IS ON FOR
Roofing, Sheeting And all kinds of out door Tin-work.
Bryson, January, 1913.
LI
Duti..-six month, raaiiUnoe id e*ch Ladies over 15 years will he admitted free of charge the
of three years after earning homestead patent ; also 50 seres extra cultivation.
first night only.
When you want the beet value for your
? settler who has exhausted bis home
A few reserved chairs, 5 cents extra
y In
stead right may take a perch*-,-d home stead in certain districts. Price $3.00 per sere. Duties.— Muet reside el*
SHINGLES
at SI.60 per M- and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards, Flooring End Matched Hardwood Floor*
Estimate# of anything in this line cheerfully furnished.
All orders executed with a view to giving satisfaction
PRACTICAL TINSMITH ShAwvflle, Que.
Shawville Fair
Sept. 21, 22, 23.
Th» area of cultivation is sufejeet to reduction I a ease of rough, scrubby oi$üony laud. Lite "took may befor eater*	o conditions.
W. W. CORY.
Deputy of the Minister oft he Interior.
H 3. — Vnsathoriied pnhlirftt ion of
0. W. DALE

4. F. CAMPBELL,
box 4M
Arnprior. Ont.
###PAGE###6###
X
The «hutte*, were not doted, the Ismpef PROFESSOR JAMES M AYOR.
wwre not lighted, nor the Are rcpleu tubed.
In eome mirpriee at all thto unwonted neglect, ehe nut forth her hand and rang the bell.
A little negro answered 4L "Where ie Jerome, end why ha# he not seen to these room#?" Inquired the young lady.	w
"Pleasw'm. Uncle Rome’s gone to Wen-olmr to carry « letter for de ole inlet osw He had to go off in a hurry fore ever he could fueten up de houee. eatd the hoy, nulling at hie woolly forelock# and bobbing his head by way of respectful abels
‘ Go and tell Peter to oorae and attend to Jeixiuie'e duties then. ' said Miss Cat' The ebony hid milled hie wool, bobbed hi# head and backed out.
Km ni a Mtood lu the dusk before the tnwaklerlnff Arf In s -thoughttu ^:<t until the second footman came in and closed the windows and lighted the lamp#.
Thhn in the glare of light she turned and met the evw of Mrs drey fixed upon her with u surprised and inquiring expression.	.	.	.	,
But Emma merely took up a book and
mU down to read.

At the University They Full Him the “Jimmy Saga.”
James Mavor (not James Mavor M A., LLD., PhD., B.8., but
plain James Mavor, professor of economics at the University of Toronto, and soon to deliver a course of lectures in India) is the one man at the university who most nearly approaches the popular idea of a college professor. His one drawback is the noticeable lack of alphabetic ornamentation at the end of hi* name. He appears in the list of members of the faculty of the university ns plain James Mavor. In spite of this drawback. Prof Mavor measures up to specifications in other respects. He sails atony the streets with his head in the clouds and his hair streaming in the wind behind him. He has written many ponderous hw>ks (the latest of them is 400,000 words long, and contains a great many facts about Russia that even the Russians were not ft ware of); he is to he seen walking the streets with all sorts of people varying from anarchists to millionaires ; be is apt to question in Russian or Uhinese. The professor of econoinice is, in short, a very striking, a very remarkable member ' of the university .___________________________
The Wanderer’s Return ;
/
SUGAR
PACKAGE
Or, A Change of Fortune.
T
%
Why take chances by asking lor “A Dollar’s Worth of Sugar ?" rr^Z
Buy REDPATH la
Original Packages and you’ll be sure of full weight highest quality absolute purity.
f 9

' CANAO4
m
dome nroperty. cl#© ho would not have hail
0,, >,x l,.nm« ..«mo to h,r with beam-
¦ liu v vxitvi to haw it au ‘ ^ i Hhe had come between other couple* end p!i itl u#	to ulkw vohie <* to p;.w over on	broken	their betrothal only	for	the grail-
,U;v mxt. ho on Sunday, my dear, >1	flvuttun	of her own vanity.	And she cer
nuiv go to ehurvh. Are you not gladr lainjv would not heeitate to do the aiune And w ihout w.utntg lor an an»wvr. bm thmi( n<)W ^VHVittlly if ah© muant eurioue ¦3. went out to tell her grandmother.	bum nest#
Vat. Mrs. Urey very glad to b© abl© Trm., her proceeding to much extreroitie# ïo ko to	vhuivh- .Not that ahe evrtd m	miKhl	llldwould ehock	old	Mrs Car
thv le:#t	ft r diyic vrvive. but ahe carod	vutli,h	Hlul Ku,m.v But If	#h©	could me-
vi rv mmh for delaying her be^uty. sm vurv a handsome and wealthy young man Kuca very well that whenever #be should | f husband. «he vould atford to alien-upptv.r in airv public place there would be a buzz ol admiration And «he anticipated with much- vanity the svne.ition «die zhou d vr. ate b appearing at the village bhurch at VVendovcr.
Tb * wu# Monday. Ami from this day to the end of the week Mary Grey was mi moved in studying, arranging, and r©*
the tv# nun* with which she in-
( BAPTES XLV

ru. d the N. wi k
tftHA04
r •
•A
MONÎWAL ji
B

c3

'

I
81
100 Ibs. 4
___1
f
CPH
tawAfli '
. a
Mt'NlMK
PH
CHAPTER XLVI.
œà
50lbs..
SS
The licit morning Mrs. Urey «ntl Mies Cavemli*h went to the old lady e room as
usual, for morning prayer».
They found her up and dressed with un usual care, hh if to receive a visitor; but the seemed not to have been routed or re freshed by her night* sleep; she wee even paler and more trees aloes than on the preceding evening.
And instead of conducting the service herself, as she usually did. ©he turned over that duty to her granddaughter.
A* noon as prayers were over suis o* miseed her two companion* to their break f id. telling them that ehe wished to be alone all the morning, and that she would send lor them when she should be
able to receive them.
Emma CaveiwLeh and Mary drey went
a wav much mystified.
On their wa- down they mot old Jerome.
with a letter in hi» hand.
Whom W that for? inquired Mww t av
e,‘‘For'de old madam. It wse so late when
l-'tr	art . IB_
3,MiS,îas'1iF”
r *4
ate them.	t . _
So the first mite or two of the ride home-warti was passed in silence, until Mm. Urey. longing for some more definite Information about her intended victim, ox-claimed:
“Emma, my dear, what on earth are you thinking about? You have not opened your mouth cute since we started."
• I was thinking of the sermon we have hoa d. It was an unusually fln© oue," answered the vouug lady.
“What an intolerable prig this girl is, to be sure. ' said Mre. Urey to hvryolf; hut to Emma she observed :
“Ah. vee. I was very deeply imprees^xl b- it. So also was that interesting young friend of yours. Mr-er-er “Kyte." said Emma.	.	,	. ...
“Oh. vee. Kyte Mr. Kvte. Who is he? “lie wa-s a ward of my father.
“So you told me; but that give# little information, mv dear. In the words of the immortal some one:
•• Who was his father?
Who was ii	u other ?
lias he a sister?
11a* he a brother?
“I suppose his father and mother must haw been a Mr. and Mis Kyte. though I never heard of either of them. <xr if they had other children who were his sisters and brothers." answered Emma, smiling.
Does he never talk

20 lbs.

CANADA SUGAR REFINING CO, LIMITED, • MONTREAL.
o is art to reply to a simple
Chinese.
arranging	. .
tt-udvd to a tonie-h and vanquiaui the lift-livre »t church on Sunday.
•itie Sabbath morning came; and the Ca\vt.di~h carriage wao drawn up before
the door.
The family had breakfasted earlier 11 haim ...1, and Emma Cavendish. in her plain ujpie huit of black bombasine, with a hat and veil. *u»od waiting for the
HONESTY IN THE FAR NORTH. HELPING THE IN FORT L N ATE.
A (’hivago liiHlitutlon Which Ift Doing a Good Work.
Remarkable Incidents of the Probity of the Eskimo.
interesting example of painstaking honesty in the distant north is given in “A Summer and Winter in Hudson’s Bay,” bv Mr. U. K.
Leith and Mr. A T. Leith. When
the authors’ geological expedition was wrecked in a terrific storm at Whale River, nearly a hundred miles from the nearest source of men	I
food supply, it was necessary for He had often spoken of the need of them to abandon a large part of an institution that should give a their outfit. Nearly fifteen months helping hand to the man A no ear-later they received a letter from neatly desired work, but who could the Hudson’s Bay House in London, not afford to nay for food and shel-announcing that a case of goods for ter while seeking it. them had been forwarded by freight The building is the father’s me-and inclosing a bill for three shil- niorial to his eon. It cost $100, lings and sixpence.	to build it, and ou the opening night
In	tiny got hr box ^irf-illllllllllllllllllllllll llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll llll l
packed exactly as they had left it B^raggied in from a snowstorm that
after the wreck. Besides some very rage<j outaide. Some of them sat valuable specimens, it contained <|own before the broad open tire-two watersoaked canferas, some dip p]^ jn the spacious lobby, which needles, compasses, geological ia 111	800n assumed the appearance of a
mers, maps and geological reports. clabrooni Others, who had a few pencils, one g!aas bottle of draw ^	bought strings of tickets,
ing ink, and so forth. This was the	entit]ed the bolder to soup at
itinerary of the box :	two cents, coffee, at the same price,
Propped on poles to escape the	and doughnuts at a cent each,
ravages of foxes, it had remained and pie for three cent*, until the following w inter, when The men were desired to use the Eskimos, passing on their winter bathrooms, and then each man rehunt, took the box along on a to- ceived a niffhfc ,hirt and a pair of
®8«slBSf
hundred miles distant On the ar- kt. hor those who prak-r to be rival of the Hudson's May Com • <»•. there are mnetv-five cub) panv's steamer Discovery from Lon- cle rooms on the third ti'»or. These don, the box was put on board, and rooms are rented for ten rente a carried to London. It reached Mr. night.
Leith in Madison. Wisconsin, in The hotel is not intended to pro January, 1911, after traveling sev- vide permanent lodgings. Men are enty five hundred miles in at least accommodated while they are look-five different kinds of conveyance, ing for work, but the professional at a cost of $1.90.	idler will not be welcome. The man-
On another occasion, a pocket- agers of the hotel endeavor, without book containing 20 cents was drop- charge, to find employment for men ped on a portage, picked up, ear- in hard luck. The institution is not ried two hundred miles, and re- endowed, and is not expected to be turned W1 !se. n-k Mr Leith, self-supporting. The f nd r wHl would such a thing be possible!
HL LU
A whole cycle of legends has grown up at the university with “Jimmy,” as he is irreverently
i
:raw
*t>v<* ;r ir.ee <>f Mr*. Grey.
\L length she *ent a maid with a m«w-_-j to the widow to the effect that if «ho jui i.<t make hr*te th.-y would be latf. Then Mr». Urey vamv rmstling down-And Emma beheld her with union*
“A Ladder for the Down and Out/1 That is what a building in Chicago is often called, although it is actually named the Rufus F. Dawes Hotel, after the man to whom its erection is due. It wan founded to carry out the desire of Mr. Dawes’s deceased son to give who arc “down and out’ ' a lift.
An



it a ire.
.ah ment. ^	...	.
Her whole costume wag black, certainly, lut it was a mere mockery of mourning Ahe wore u rich black corded «ilk drew sud mantle, both trimmed with deep folds Df black crane, headed with a bright beading of bugles, which gleamed and glitter-zd with every motion. A dainty. coquettish little l lack «ilk hat. also trimmed with crane and gleaming bugltw, wa; perched rather jauntily upon the top of aer hair, which was curled, fnuled and puffed in th* last fashionable style Tiny Black boot# and gloves, a snowy little cobweb of a pocket handkerchief, and a gvtn • »! a prayer book, completed the outfit. KUo
, t • was no She made a graceful
of the night: so 1 les morning u> fetch up to de madam.
And with this explanation the old nv panned up«tair«. on hw way old lady s room.
The two young women
break fact room In •<V4'nv®;	. . lllltlflli
The day was very bright and beautiful
And the morning sunshine, streaming through the windows between the heavy £K*
. _______ ________ fvid» of the rich crimson damask curtains. ^
father# ward from «truck miarkm of fire from the silver evi
vice on the table as they sat down.
Both felt that something unusual was about to happen Kmraa with painful in- |,
• Mary Urey with acute, intolerable |
SI ï
• ••
* «K >
r«
k a*
i
to the I
irro
F
went down to Üie
#>
“That's queer, too! of liia parents? '
He does not remember them. I p:«eume. I believe he was my bin earliest, childhood. 1 know that when I could Unit notice and remember, he lad of about eight or nine years






tm
looked extremely pretty ;
Intel ion of that, a nolog v for keeping M et* Cavendish waiting. and then followed her into the car-
no
was a old."
tervst
cu >'.t v.	.	, . .	,
And «- .mething rather unusual for that
Thev41had^trareely finished breakfast. | and were «till loitering over their chocolate. when the sound of wheels was near.I on the avenue U «ling up to the houeo.
Emma Caver dish raised her head and |P listened, but did not leave her seat.
M.irv Grey got up and went to the wm dow and looked between the folds of the crim*on < urtalns.



Wm there much property ?
Indeed, 1 don't know
• •
. <
L>:-
down-and-outs
hundred
I
ruurv.	,	,	.	.	.
Emma van surprised and pained.
began to make mental ewuwf for
•Property!	¦	,
never one# thought of that.
"Was he brought up in your fathers
house?"
Yea. until he was sent to school.
“Hem! llow verr much like the Lytton s he looks. Don’t you think ao?"
There in a superficial resemblance. But A Men Lvtton haa a much finer, more intellectual and spiritual face than Craven
•	Is there any relationship tliem ?"
“Not the slightest, I believe, semblance is altogether accidental
•	Is the young man married?'
“Married? Why. no!" replied Emma.
lifting her brows.
•	Je he engaged then ?"
IN.

but

F->Oll
Mary Grey.	.	.
“She is very vain; thore is no doubt or
that and he
Is no wonder that she should value it
When they reached Wendover church, they found it alrea.lv very much crowd ed. The opening prayer was being offered. They waited at the door until *t was» finished. and then they went up the awls.
“The governor's pew. as It was called, was iu th<* <'orner to the right of the chancel, and somewhat in the obscure light of a stained gl.»** window. Bo it va* not until Miss Cavendish had her hand up-the dcor that rhe perceived some one occupying a seat there.
The some one was a young man, who immediately arose. and. witli * slight bow.
But Mias Caveu-
x

hut thm. «ho is also very pretty. • beauty is all that she has; so it

between
(To be continued.)
The re-
*
# #
WHERE NEUVE (OINTS.
FrofPMHor Jaim's Mavor.
»•
An Exciting Incident of nu pliant Hunt in Africa.
“In busin
“I don't mean that, raged to be married?"
“My dear Mrs. Urey, you are surely Interviewing me^for some enterprising pa , bad just stepped bv a tree
Zt'c. H.",SS t* H.nS M-utiraiSfcSwT: 2= ,1,. km..». ™	^ «
to me. You need not answer if you don t were feeling the leave* that ntUl
I jrupm, to k,* «j^v
but testing, my dear friend Let roe I had determined to abandon ine
what was t von asked me? M he- ,	^Xt that moment one of the There is. for instance the tale of
iw^WTo“‘”w	»‘‘‘ bright! men who had gone forward a little, the trouser*. Prof. Mavor, like a
brave girl Mabel Taylor, of the Perch t • ..	« and immediately everyone good many other men of dven learn-
SSStSF* • ~	a i^rJïïrsiSàtïK
0%==a«%æs ^hhstss#^	EHHwEF
mmwmmfimiM
SVSâââHïtfSÆ	86 WtttSAS 2WU	isSr&iï SS
^r^afessrtA-u jim?-*¦^sÿas-a gE“JSS:r,crl'«,5 ts,“~iïrZ
u. MV., out h . t.'xt and area*hod with	“dl(, to ohwvh the brain, anti the next moment it I morning the professor donned the
•	Kiïz:£	right 0%"^^%,"'"' »*•“ dartedT
mmmsmmam
-#g=,r,T,T
Tïteïs^îsras xtï?»	: " "" "
tt 1	y*#, a'very uncommon one. grandma. j nient the bull charged m after roe. “Haven’t heard of it.
pH-l-rtrâ^T- Sr	f, I jsrxi? s^" -• -
Il ,,| tic facs of the beauty.	. th<«e words bad upon the old lady.	moment 1 found m\M f on th. c»t her i	Not ml Hume.
¦SsSSSSs:t'-ssrass-istJsri
~ ASrarxS	r±£.e££: ws
' ' "V q u ickft* turned round and di, ft” ' and 1'u.d «%' hl^hXw »id fc dv. in a tone so low as u. be a inn*. cbargod mv rifle into him. It was U8U„is forgotten hie latchkey. He
t x>k the last cartridgf in the magazine, pounded on the door for several »,u .	^ r-fle was take n out of my hands, minutes. A head was thrust out
and 1 found Matola. mv gun bearer, from an upstairs window. “Prof, who had counted the shot*, stand-1 Mavor is out.” came the call ing be-ide-mie. and offering -the sec- j “Jimmy turned solemnly around •»d rifle as a waiter might serve a and rent back to Prof. Fletcher’s, i dish Bv some oversight the second I Prof. Mavor has traveled much in rifle had not been loaded, and 1 had Russia and China, and an ancient 1 ,_L	.. given strict orders that none of my “shuba. ' a sheepskin coat, was for
mr u0ira7i^ m--ri w ever tv l«wl or unload my many ye.r* one of the sight, of the
c c ur«r c « J |	£- i
eHr 1 'Ml T	sl.nre», but h.d gone «near to
Oo. now.	i loading it ac v u d The breach
Kfniu« c a vend ah aid Mary Gray left t e	open, and he was holding the
When the* hi:d eV mi the door *n<1 clip IB ptitUU 11.
&Î5'.r^r.5^m over the ^«inr
„:}rnt wUniebment Bill MW CifflMIdl was to would not, god Mjw Orw due*! ooi aaE'
WBitl
on
I mean, is be en-
known, as the hero of them. The authenticity of some of the episodes of the “Jimmy saga,” as one student called it, is not beyond que*
would have ptteecd out. dwh «silently signed to "him to rename hie i	11 f l|7 " , ^ m
Art th’e little woene was paw ing. Mary drey turned oale amt faint, and grasped the edge of the pew to keep from falling hhe thought the intruder was A Idea Lyt-
per.
tion, but people who know the professor will say that all the incidents
related of him might conceivably he true.
ton
with an effort she recovered
H<	«
herself, tntv eti the pe w. and took her i»eat. ai.d u-'U’.Ui <1 l he devout manner be ocmiiig the rat red place.

Tale of the Troiiscrn.
Then. »tc aii’ig a glance at the stranger again, he perceived that he was not Aide n Lytton, though he Pore a startling resemblance to that bandaome young stud-
cut
pro-
look out for the deficit*.
'
Zi
t-
v*


niuc.i earw



Zj
: u
mimr

t I i
r
tb«

,61
r
1
w




It >'
57#:
• V


%% i lii



|Jg3
m!
rt-pl ird
La
^ Concrete
*	Fence Posts Last Forever
THEyH^P
*	away in the f ground. They stand
the hardest knocks and never have to be replaced, for they F are practically cverlasti ng. They are easily and cheaply made and are the most satis» factory of all fence posts.
Concrete Drain Tile Cannot Decay
üF
it y of

I


&
7
At 111 It
name.
Inqu . ftv anu for

i
X
dow, Who ;
and «aid: tut to you I L.vi r. ont o
turned

1- J

as
# t
U
tar.nir

;v>
I •
‘Air»1 uri*jr
Hr. Craven Kyte ward ul
Why r
1
p“
I

?
>i
look t
aura-.
%
never rot


%

I

A
And #bf. too.
when i he raised h
• Vi u t ) # I « «ni i lu i U"
i - to t ht * «.till 1 have t
so.

>
Lien Uue vousig victim




U v .. I
#lf

Ml

•t
r

tare;. 1
Mi*
in*
4
inaudible
Attended the two lad.ee from it a vwiaU < ul-k Ml
irrd a litote va nu» hr
w 11U
11 ¦
rounf man


->ut to ft
a iiH^r^d El
it k


w ,t
via)
lr

n Kvt
And <
i rdltU Into brought to
d out from the church to the coach
I a fn

dow


IV w:nrglSe*<
14 lade who took Ü * Ih a trembling
I

led II
'

I I
he
\nd
i « ere fi
I m r
flf
in*
»m her ; ii erred
and eîowlv voa feel be tier » Hired Emma -#o from the old

m .


i i

dm a?"
reU Ut V
w 1
(V Ve
It


dfi
f ner
1




IB

I

t»l* V
only you
VSpl ed

t ft 4
feel
.1 wo
I
k

? K






an t
>me to us



at
Cavendish Bill! Emma Ion the unit, t.emh
fore her. ____
\t¥ < Vncrete drains do not decay and *jgÿ are cheaper, because they do not 55 crumble and stop up drains, hence y they need no digging up or relaying.
Let us send you this free book, "What j the farmer can do with Concrete."
It shows you how to make concrete fence-
«It ar

fftl

4o r# w*n y
(il h<W% w:'ü W il il IM.'
tiiaek y*» wvry mu ¦ S


krd In
Les» frasri;


h M



really r n4 o
Iodine. 1 m#
diah
f« ;; r f U

T hare, my dear, do you
I é


1 IH ï


of
f «


x
vr.4 Um
rot f lilt V
X mod and
i




Bagpipe Ywàrr Other Nausea.
Bagnipes are among the oldest of ih Kis thumb just musical instrumenta, fur in slightly AU I HkI t • do different forms thev were known to
the Chines# Assyrians Greeks and 'nasal, centuries before Christ. They figure upon a co n of Nero. In m«Klern times no country can claim a monopoly of fcJte instrument, for
row
d<w. e started: Mm G
t)
cL'Hl.'d
Thr t
1» Jrr “Hett
v to




:•
to meet him
?*l back

at and mimed



j
b' had the m i M.lrtxlid y«w i wf Aid n Lytton with | f
nt»l«rable prirtMh I nf the 1 i*-e Governor

ear

doirg other building '
Farmer’s Information Bares¦
Canids Cemeat Company Limited
the farm
ie vary .on 4»n Ly
Vid the »
ai
pass* it down, as I took hold
rUfcrts «id jarsa tII**!****£0*
1 :	•hr am
The story has taken a long time
• tell, but "f C
â I

O t


I»^<


r>\


r-iftr4 «h

• n*i<
Thev eaw no rr.«n tbe- wf-re en S! Ml to ta», wh ch wa» Uwuye
the m al
rz>
H ne a\S
ihouaht he kmM be And. oh' what * have wtfh hlmî
n ebe would *vt up


IM
M


a
fill
erved in )



« i


d durin
1§• tlsfin r
514
r

bignon, the Oerroan aacApfeUe ' and the French
are all bagpipe: under
true it all happen* I think, a« an ex
HHHpHH of N«skv
end presence of mind in rgenr** the behavior of Pri-Manila would be difficult to



?#r? ift
t

tic*4 ?br t *he
t Vi
her ro
a nd


1)1 **m«yred ed in s moment.
ample of a combina di^iplin*. c-rJ —
He d.d her t n #o did whf

11

e. Cut«IUlt<h 1 ,# h.tod« me
i <
cor
old
•m
fill1 I


I# b
t hf'm

d flirt fellow t» her heart s
• f
a n
• IA
rflgggl
another name
nU

*5
* m

? h

«

' ,

m
i n








f h
f
,1r
• vi

i
wh »#
i^rrd U b i Isle
â'Se fe


It's a poor rule that cso t 1:
worked in a down way#.
i «V
rl-flJt f
17,
nt
And th

i man b# j
t «a* i
e.rd o4
rouet of
A# Ib
,1 eh h



V *



La

###PAGE###7###
am m F®
while he was a student at Trinity C ollege, Dublin, and 28 years of age He was appointed a clerk to the House of Commune The appointment was decisive of Redmond's fate. The clerks of
PALE AND SICKLY
BOYS AND GIRLS
HOW TO BECOME OLD
*
Metchnlkoff Eats No Raw Food of
Any Kind.
)
;
Mr
. ^	______ _	„	_ _________ Professor Metchnikoff, is seventy
the House of Commons have the N0 MORE STIFFNESS, PAIN OR	UUHLI flMJ | IflllUO fears old. According to the professor
privilege of standing near the bar, MISERY IN YOUR BACK OR	,_ the phenomena of old age are the re*
or sitting in a section of the mem-	SIDE OR LIMB6I	n	n .	, , . _	‘ futU contamination of the blood by
Youth is the time to lay the bers’ galleries, during a debate.	* - Came Off in Scales. Itched Badly. ,ntÇ*tlnal poisons Among these one
¦¦¦Si*
good digestion. In » word, rure m	01 DU8lne,e-	and never burns or even stains the It itehcd vwr badly an<| I »« obiigwl to
Wood is the foundation of health.	Took Seat in 1881.	1 ,	have my hands tied up so a* to proven!
ÆSiKz kïïæ'S ESTaS
pale, irritable boy or girl, who has on Feb. 2, 1881, he took his seat to walk. In this crippled tortured con- weeks, it caused my face and hands to no oppetite or ambition, is always as a Parnellite for New Hors, a dltion I found Nervillne a blessing. Its look badly. The eczema took a very had tired out, melancholy, short of Wexford borough extinguished by warm, soothing action brought relief I form, appearing on my face in little ry breath, and who does not grow Mr. Gladstone's redistribution had slven UP hoping for. I rubbed on ukxmiso bad that I could hardly bear to be strong, is the victim of anaemia, or scheme 1885. He was then in his q,uan1t1,l,,e8 _(,f Nervi line and Improved touched. My hair being naturally very
blc«dLs.,.._üm g,,.tr.i enemy
these boys and girls—build up the t,iat , >v t onesdaj morning Mr. conscientiously.	Pv but It did no good. At last a Mend reo-
blood with Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills hPvaker lKran<[ had terminated a	(Signed) C. PARKS,	emmended Cuticura Soap and omtmentand
for Pale People. You can’t afford a,tt,.n* wblt’h, bad 'aa^ continu-	Prince Albert. »r noth* u»d them. We sppiM ih.
fn _vn,r;m„„t w;*u ...Up- remedies OU6^ °yer f°rty hours, debating Not an ache or pain In the muscles Cuticura Ointment to my face, head and . . J	«	_ . \ ¦ the motion for leave to introduce or joints that Nervillne won't cure. ; hand* and waehrd with the Cuticura Soap
for there mu st be nu guessw u 1 the measure of the Gladstonian It's wonderful for lumbago and scla- and tho eczema began to disappear. Before the treatment of anaemia. Through Qovt,rnmen^ for the better pro tec- t,ca! for neuralgia, stiff neck, earache ** monlbfl had pm**! I wae completely neglect or wrong treatment anae tion of per8on ant| propertv ]n jre. and toothache. Nervillne Is simply a	(WfMd) M,ae ^ontaoce Jane,
mia gradually develops into the j j uv refusing to alloww »nv wonder. Best family liniment known May 20, iwi3.
5%%#
giving it just the element* which There was then no rule, w ritten or take only "Nervillne."	' «alla, that it i* almost criminal not to u*e
it lacks. In this way these Pills unwritten, to justify this unprece-	them. A single eet in often sufficient. Cuti-
build up every organ and nerve in dented proceeding on the part of	-*- rm,t 11»;t * u,|n,rs ointment are sold
— ££5£Si
Loseke, Grand Forks, B.C., says: 41 Vi House.	Chcm. Corp., Dept. D. Boston, U. 8. A.
411 think that before taking Dr. The House met again at 4 o clock, *• the Brain Necessary to Human
William.’ Pink Pills I was one of	with excitement, and after	1st.near
the most miserable girls alive r 1 Mr Jolm Edmond was mtroduc
was hardly ever free from awful
headaches, was as pale as a ghost,
and could not go upstairs without
stopping to rest. Now since taking
the Pills the headache* have gone,
my appetite is good and I am equal
to almost any exertion, and you
may be sure I will"always recom
mend Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills."
Sold by all medicine dealers or
sent by mail, post paid, at 50 cents
a box or six boxes for $2.50 by
writing direct to The Dr. Williams
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont. I
Need All the Strength That Good Red Blood Can Give
Pork s |
.Beans
*1
%
i!v
For 17 years I have eaten nothing except what has been cooked; no raw | food of any kind, In the form of fruit or otherwise. 1 find my sugar In dates surrounded with Bulgarian bacilli; the lactic acid comes from the
well-known m i 1
lng at my first breakfast. I begin with a plate full of vegetable bouillon. After my pot of soured milk I drink a cup of weak tea —not black, as you have It in England.”
Professor Metchnikoff is notoriously vigorous for his years, and seems to And no need for holidays. He la ab sentlng himself from the Pasteur Institute during the month of July, and has taken up his residence In the forest of Hambouilet, where he is devoting himself more ardently than ever to scientific research1
Professor Metchnikoff says that he persists In his regime because In bis ofon case it has given such good re suits. He comes from a short-lived family; he Is the only one remaining, and be attributes this fact to his system of diet. Many savants of his generation are unable to continue their labors, whilst he supports with ease the close and exacting labor of the laboratory. He takes meat and vegetables at his two principal meals in the day, lunch and dinner, but his consumption of meat Is very restricted, though he does not insist that It shall be white. Compote of fruit Inc Complete Insect Emerges in forms a part of each repast.	!
Ten to Twelve Days.
Tli*-* three kinds of flics commonly found in dwelling houses have have been Jar or identical histories. The fe
male deposits from 120 to 150
Highest grade l>eans kept whole and mealy by perfect baking, retaining their full strength. Flavored with delicious sauces.
preparation of soured This I take in the early mom-

II
a

My mother tried
1
and
and

I hi
K
/mvA*
l
i
I
I
i
V A Hot e In the field is worth two ^ In the turn. You can't prevent Spavin, Kiughoue, Splint, or Curb from putting your horse in the barn but you can prevent these troubles from keeping horses in the barn very long. You can get
KENDALL’S
SPAVIN CURE
Our book
atan
and horsemen will say so.
“Treatise on the horse r free
Dr. 1. J. KENDALL CO.. Eassbure falls. VU

A FLY’S PROGENY.
I
Can a man live with faculties unimpaired after a large portion of his brain has been removed, or with no brain at all? Several recent cases are leading scientists to answer the question in the affirmative, however much such an answer would scouted a little while ago There la now In the service of Dr. Daniel Mollere, surgeon in the Hotel Dieu Hospital, Lyons, a capable little fellow of 12 years, who Is apparently In perfect health*.
ed as a new recruit of the Parnell
F
8 FOB SALE
B. W. DAWIOV, Ninety Col borne Street, Toronts.

Death Nearly Claimed
New Brunswick Laili
I 1 F YUU WANT TU BUY OU SELL A 1 Fruit, Stock. Grain or Dairy Farm, write H. W. Dawson, Brampton, or WA Colborne fit.,*Toronto.
Slim
eggs
at a time and may repeat this performance as often as four times in -----------------------	e.ee?8”n: 1 prolifleity which, if un______________r. Some time ago, in checkedi would leave little room for
sliding down the balusters, he fell and °ther forms of life upon the earth, fractured his skull upon a chandelier The eggs are deposited by choice below. As a bowl full of brain matter in horse-dung, but when that is not oozed from the wound, no hope was available, in any description of
soon as hatched and on which they feed until they assume the pupa
______» surgeon, M. Destot, ?ta*e‘ The complete insect emerges
comes forward with an incident as In ten twelve days, more or less striking. It is the case of a stone ma- according to temperature and other son, who In mounting a large cornice was so seriously wounded that he lost the left frontal bone and the left frontal lobe of the brain. After twelve days of unconsciousness he began to recover, and, according to the sur-
ses e 1
When in Algiers some time ago, Dr.
Bruch treated an Arab for an utfly wound about the left eye, which had been caused by the blow of a ham The patient remained In the
• H. w. DAWSON, Colborne St., Toronto.

Was Restored to Her Anxious Family
When Hope Had Gone.	/ii WEEKLY IN LIVE TOWN IN
a,» SK'i'&sz
of 3 White St., would succumb to the i Company, t* West Adelaida Street,
Toronto.


m


M


deadly ravages of advanced kidney trouble. "My first attacks of backache and kidney trouble began years ago.
KÆgagssii.rsg.c ra/jwwwg*
caught cold the pain was unendurable, ANGER, TUMORS, lumps, etc,
I used moat everything, but nothing plVb^oîî"homVutltmlin"Writ, gave that certain grateful relief that us before too late. Dr. Bellman Medical l_l__ JL came from Dr. Hamilton's Pills of Man- Co. Limited. Coiling wood. Ont
external conditions, and requires drake and Butternut. Instead of being about ten days more in order to bowed down with pain, to-day I am become sexually mature.	strong, enjoy splendid appetite, sleep
Dr. Howard gives a calculation eoundly Lost properties have been
on of all his senses.	an , aJ.* t,M ,arvse oome to maturity j)r Hamilton's Pills."
and shows that under these condi- Every woman should use these Pills tions a female surviving the winter regularly because good health pays, and depositing 120 eggs on April 5 and It's good, vigorous health that might occasion the issue of the tenth comes to all who use Dr Hamilton’s of the following September of 5 I Mandrake and Butternut Pills.
598,720,000,000 of adult flies, of which one half would be females.
MISCELLANEOUS.
1

JOHN REDMOND.
upon awakening began to Improve and is at present apparently sound in mind and body _ The famous
If I
By Nature the Irish Lender I» Re. served and Even Shy.
One of the dominant and most powerful members of the British House of Commons to day is John liedmond, the leader of the Irish Nationalist party. For four sessions | now, since the December, 1910,
• has enjoyed this position power and pre-eminence in public life—or* perhaps he has disliked it,
for he is a reserved and somewhat itee, a scene of unparalleled con
shy man—as holder of the balance fusion and disorder took place, i mer.	_	HiH
of political power in the votes of Gladston rose to give notice of a hospital service fully two months and his party, over. whom he wields resolution investing the Speaker during that time did not show the undisputed sway. But, anyway, he with a power of closure, the power ^lightest evidence of cerebral trouble, would still be a commanding per- which Mr. Brand had that morning At thê end of that period he became sonality in the chamber by reason exercised arbitrarily on his own. îi?co^c*ou^	*nlna
ly haul :	of the Speaker to ait down and ea< h The anatomist and the psychologist
Mr. John Redmond must be giv- was compelled to withdraw by the aMke are studying these cases with en place among the first twelve sergeant at arms.	tremendous interest, but no explana-
men of the House of Commons, his Among those who were thus sus- tlon that harmonises with our prevl-compeers, in my opinion, being Mr. pended was Mr. John Redmond, a ous knowledge seems to be forth cora-Asquith, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Lloyd couple of hours after taking his seat, log George, Mr. Bonar Law, Sir Ed
GET THIS CATALOGUE
SAVE MON11
f

general election of Mr. John Redmond
unusual
I
‘i
The Best Ever
Mr. John Redmond, the Sationaliet
Leader.
i

&
issued: Guns, Rifles, Ammunition, Fishing, Tackle, Baseball, Golf, Tennis, Lacrosse, Camping Outfits, all Summer and Winter Sports. We want
%
Ilia Anniversary.
CITY COUNCIL DOINGS I i.JCS'Ç
To put through the license reduction man. One day the professor notic-wlll require some tall huetling. Mean- | ed his wife placing a large bouquet lots of corne
The cure is "Putnam's," the old reliable corn extractor that has been curing corns and warts for rears, fails. tSc. at all dealers
Every Man

who Hunts, Fishes, or plays any Outdoor Game to get our large free Catalogue. Prices right, satisfaction guaranteed. Immense stock, prompt shipment

What does this Why/' she
on his desk mean t” he asked exclaimed, don’t you know that this is the anniversary of your marriage f "Ah, indeed, is it?” said the professor politely. “Kindly let me know when yours comes round,
safety at sea, held In London during and I will reciprocate the favor. “
January last, drew up provisions cov- ______________________
erlng every conceivable point in the plan to render sea travel as free from
disaster and death as human care and Minard # Liniment Co., Limited.
XyMt.'Uy.'ffl
did not escape the painstaking atten- veral day* and the tooth cute refu -od to tlon that marked the treatment of the heal until your agent rare me a bottle
dealt with, says a London periodical, week# the wound* had completely healed In commenting on the thoroughness and mv hand and arm ware ae well u
of the work. The Jacket has been put ever to most rigorous tests and the London Board of Trade has given a till cate that It will keep a child afloat and head above water. It Is not a cumbersome or a complicated arrangement, and is very readily donned.
I 4
on
Putnam e” never
You save money by getting Catalogue to- lay.
couple of hours after taking “As I regard the whole of tn
ward Grey, Mr. Churchill, Sir Ed- ceedings as unmitigated despot ward Carson, Mr. Austen Chamber-	ism," said he, in the first	words he
lain, Mr. Ramsay Macdonald, Lord	spoke in the House, 1	beg res
Robert Cecil, and Mr. Philip Snow- pectfullv to decline to withdraw.’’
. "Mr. Redmond, said Hansard. It doesn’t pay to stick too closely In the House of Commons, as in	"was by direction of Mr.	Speaker	^	M	étions of	things.	New	ideas
?ll^cdl”.^of:me”* ^oke fnd Appear	removed by the sergeant	at arms.	oft4;n	lesd to	better health,	success
and happiness.
This couple examined an idea new to them and stepped up several nds on the health ladder. The husband writes :
Several years ago we suffered
were sleep-sallow, weak, and Mv wife and I both loved coffee and thought it was a
"fvwM •«*« » vw. v » v u nvu« tur	•* 1	, « • , •. • mi «vs I.	(Del us ion- and tea is
flowery and ornate, which is asso- carts and pack animals, loade vu i juat Aa harmful an coffee, because Mm "	*¦ idea of Irish *11 the materials that the popula	—
So universal is the
Life Jackets for Children
ese pro
The International conference
on
ynetre
NEW IDEA.

Helped Western Couple.
Ready for Him.
How much are your four dollar shoes l ’ asked the facetious custom-
ances tell in making lasting and true impressions. As the Nationalist leader rises to speak from the
corner of the top bench below the,	„	. . „	.
gangway on the Opposition side, An Incident in a Spanish Market| rou
he is seen to be of a portly habit. I	Place.
with an impressive air of dignity,. 4	—.	. ., .	^	-
suavity, and strength.	At early morning the market from coffee drinking,
Mr John Redmond may perhaps, I P>*ce <>f Medina is a rare sight, | nervous, sallow
he described as the only orator in H*ys Mr. C. Bogue Luffmann in hiS| irritable
the House of Commons. His style ! "Quiet Days in Spain. It is. ^ (%>ffei
of speech is far removed from the ! thronged with hundreds of tilted, tracer."
A BARGAIN IN CHEESE.
er
‘ Twodollars a foot," replied the salesman, wearily.
< i
Yours truly.
A E. BOY. Carriage Maker
cer-
A Timely Warning.
Willie (to visitor)—You d better eat your pie slowly ; ma never gives more n one piece.
at. Antoine. P.Q
Deeply Absorbed.
You are charged with resisting
eiated with the popul
rhetoric. On the other hand, it is ^on requires	I II
not stiff or formal or severe, like so practice of buying in the market much of the oratory of the British #4**™, that there are very few school. Mr. Redmond's speeches “hops, and those are ' sma are models of consecutive and lucid and fashioned, statement and of terse and cogent At a stall in the market place a reasoning, embellished with pas- bright eyed dapper little woman sage* most eloquently expressive of waK offering tiny cheeses of goat ¦ feeling and emotion He is also milk. A countryman examined one a perfect elocutionist, and there carefully, tucked it in his pocket, is not in the House a voice more »nd put down a real. I thought melodious or persuasive than his. the cheese a bargain, and said change- fresher
From Wexford.	to the little woman, "I H have nerves, better temper, etc
v,	I	*	. one.” and gave her a peseta, “These changes were not sudden,
fam/lv of	VT3 »hich is four real. She bnt increased as we continued to
His faUie/t^t	,Wr m beamed* *nd **ve bA<k two reals, drink and enjoy Postum, and we The average man might just as
iTT
su i ms^
r"»	.^ «..pL....h..,	P...»
X" *rr FF- r«	—*—	mis. esc 
¦—	o'ZTlCZ.... tü&ttvrxrs
» Jesuit order ; haven't L’t home before 18 o'clock I The coat per cup of both kinds is
they both contain the drug, caf feine).
ar
ion own oat
SS-ïfc
Kl *yeUi»71lo *nr .
YOU
arrest.
"It’s all a mistake, your honor "What do you meant”
"I got into an argument with a
A Real Disappointment.
I f
r<a$
"Finally, after years of suffering, we read of Postum and the harmfulness of coffee, and believing that to grow we should give some attention to new ideas, we decided to test Postum.
"When we made it right we liked it and were free of ills caused by coffee. Our friends noticed the
•kin. sturdier
ïsï
A young /arm girl a*ked to have Saturday off in order to go and see a man hanged. Permission was ! man and didn't notice hie place had given her, and she set out before been taken by a policeman until I daybreak, having twenty miles to | was half-way to the station house.
evening ehe was in tears
Murine
Of Course Net.
"I'll tell you a great secret, but you must promise not to give it I away.” "Of course not." "I believe Miss Birdie M Ginnis on toe. I’ve almost made mind to nop the question did ehe say to you? 9	"
say anything to me precisely, bub on Tuesday mhe patted my dog on the head. Isn’t that an enoouragigf sign ! ' "Yes ; that's the next thing to patting you on the head turn will come next."
Why.
Millv. what a the matter?" asked
. dear I” sobbed "Oh. dear " The man's
is gone
A Timely Remark.
At the point of his gun Slippery Jim relieved the passerby of his watch
the victim's only comment
up my
‘Whs! She didn't
her mistress e girl been reprieved.”
f f
"My time is yours," was
Your
Quite 80!
Judge—What is your occupation, my man Î
Prisoner—I am a bus-driver, my
^XVXXxx
was
\
/
DODDS
5 KIDNEYS
L?LLi
amBuk
à
¦
Judge—You mean you are the driver of horses attached thereto!
F’r.soner Yes, s
Judge—You are charged wish hitting this man on the face. Did you
Prisoner—Certainly not!
Judge—What did you do, then!
Prisoner—I hit him on the nasal organ attached thereto.
/



r
rosucs,
toete, eUngs m
•ore
3

d thong »t and joinin
L__

•/
r
WfaK

a L
Lnt

i
bout

If it will the
d d
23 THE?



e ft
'• a R
' ¦
which hotb

- -




lainia'

ta
•old by <

ED.7
1er an explanation !
i > r E
U.
«

ra
lhc
shout
V


###PAGE###8###
Tailoring !
THE ATHABASCA TRAIL
Tie Slaw# Boot anil Sloe Store
My life is gliding downwards, It speeds swifter to the day	i
When It shoots the last dark canyon to the Plains of Far-away; I But while Its stream Is running through the years that are to be. The mighty voice of Canada will ever call to me.
I shall hear the roar rf rivers where the rapids foam and tear;
I shall smell the virgin upland with Its balsam-laden air,
And shall dream that I am riding down the winding, woody vale, With the packer and the pack-horse on the Athabasca Trail.
I have passed the warden cities at the eastern water-gate,
Where the hero and the martyr laid the corner-stone of State,
The habitant, coureur-des-boie, and hardy voyageur,
Where lives a breed more strong at need to venture or endure?
I have seen the gorge of Erie, where the roaring waters run; l have crossed the Inland Ocean, lying golden in the sun;
But the last and best and sweetest le t he ride by hill and dale,
With the packer and the pack-horse, on the Athabasca Trail.
Ml dream again of fields of grain that stretch from sky to sky, And the little prairie hamlets, where the cars go roaring by,
Wooden hamlets as I saw them— noble cities still to be.
To girdle stately Canada with gems from sea to sea.
Mother of a mighty manhood, land of glamor and of hope,
From the eastward sea-swept Islands to the sunny western slope, Evermore my heart is with you, evermore till life shall fail, lil be out with pack and packer on the Athabasca Trail.
#e
Suits to Measure.
Our Aim to Please
If you want a smart, stylish, up-to-date Suit to measure call and see


We endeavor to handle goods that will please our patrons, and at prices to suit everyone.
Jfs
$
S. M00RH0USE
V
/

XT Till
RUSSELL HOUSE :: SHAWVILLE ::
If your purchase is satisfactory, kindly favor us again. If not satisfactory, please let us know and we will gladly make it right.

r>


1 have 20 year»* experience in high clasa Tailoring -7 years with 2 Macs, Ottawa.
1 guarantee you every satisfaction in style, fit and workmanship.


Listen to Reason
General Merchandise, Dry Goods, Groceries
100 p. c. Pure Paints.
S. MOORHOUSE.
^lOMMONSENSE applied to the purchasing of ^ footwear will convince you of two things :—
That you cannot get value in a *¦ cheap ” shoe—because the materials which enter into their making must necessarily be “ cheap.”
That “ cheap ” shoes cost more than really good shoes— because their lack of durability necessitates more frequent purchases.
There are good reasons why you should buy
your
and Martin Senour Co’s
Gentlemens own Material
made up
PUBLIC NOTICE
E.B.CAYLER - PORTAGE DU FORT.
f QuellCC, of Clarendon.
> all proprietor# of real estate and resident householder* of this municipality that the Valuation Roll made by order of the School Vom-ssioners of the municipality, is deposited in my office, where it may be examined by the interested parties during thirty days from this notice ; during which time any rate ; layer interested may, in writing, complain of sucfy roll, which shall lx* taken into consideration ami homologated at a meeting of the School Commissioners to l*e held on Saturday, 29th August, at one o’clock p. m.
Given at Shaw ville this 30th day of July, 1911.
11

I Mumci) Is hereby gix

mi

INVICTUS SHOES
They pos<e<s every attribute of style, comfort ami durability. That’s why this store’s reputation is back of every pair we sell.
r

...

WHO DISCOVERED AMERICA?


P. E. SMILEY.

-i
Priority of Visit of Norsemen to
Nova Scotia Fully Proven.
Antiquarians in London have been greatly Interested by the arrival of the celebrated Runic Stone from Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, which ii now being exhibited in the Canadian Pacific offices at Charing Cross ; and a wordy scientific discussion has arisen as to whether Columbus was the true discoverer of America, oi whether the Norsemen arrived there centuries before him. The history of this stone Is a romantic one. Foi centuries it had reposed on the shore of the Bay of Fundy, near the town of Yarmouth, in Nova Scotia, before, at the end of the 17th century, It was discovered by the owner of the farm upon which it lay—a Dr.
To gave Antelope
The rescue and perpetuation of the cbarac:erB inscribed upon It, unlike rapidly dlsappearang prong-horned	molan or other signs with which
antelope is to be undertaken by the he' waB acquainted.
Government. To this end It enlisted Gradually news of his discovery the services of Ernest Thompson Be- ]eake(j out, and tracings were taken ton, the naturalist, and Maxwell Ora- of th^ letters and circulated to scien-ham, chief of the xoological division tlgt. the world over. The rock, how-at Ottawa, who have outlined à êver, remained a mystery until. In scheme which promises success.	1875, a well known antiquarian, Mr.
This proposes the establishment çf Henry Phillips, of Philadelphia, came three fenced parks for ânleîopé in upon the scene. His investigations different part: of their favorite range, proved that the inscription was nc on areas not desirable for agriculture fake, nor was it the work of some
that still contain wild long-forgotten redskin.
Eventually tht key was revealed to him, and he found the lettering to be:	“Harkussen Men Vam'
(“Harka's Son Addressed the Men"). Fired by hie success the sentence was circulated amongst historians, with a request for assistance In tracing the son of Harks
came. The name of Harki was found in an old history describing the voyage of two Norse chieftains, who left Greenland in the year 1007 on # voyage of discovery.
Harki was a chieftain, and the records showed that the expedition had set sail for Vinland (Massachusetts), but en route had landed In Newfoundland and In Marklacd (Nova Scotia). Mr. Phillips concluded that, after the Norsemen had landed, this stone had been carved with an Inscription in commemoration of the event. The stone la now on Its way to the Norwegian Centenary Exhibition, which opens In Christiania, and it will be one of the great attractions, for the Norwegians are Immensely proud of the valiant deeds of their Viking ancestors, whose descendants are to-day to be found farming In Eastern Canada and on the fertile prairie lands of the West.
m. a. McKinley,
Sooty-Trees
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
j ii mil returned with them to Mr.
I George Dale’*. Sunday morning they were taken to the home of : Mr. Joseph Glenn in Bn-tol, from
whence the funeral took place on
Wyman, . - First Frida,,
Bristol, - - First Thursday, ' V1.	to the
...	, xv id owed mother, who resides in
Snawville • • First Saturday Bristol, intelligence ol her (laugh-
Starks Corners, Second Thurs. ^The"l(^ea^r\v,\. the only Elmside - Second Wednesday,	«•/the late Mr. S»ndy
¦	1 MeCuaig, oi Bristol, and besides
First Tuesday, her grief stricken mother, is sur-
o. each month.	Ï
¦ very highly thought of by tho^e who knew her, and in Mr. Dale's family, where die lived for some length of time, her sad death i-Forest tires are reported to have ! Felt almost as keenly as if one of caused much destruction of pro-1 the household had been stricken )>crty in Northern Ontario, several down.
of the mining plants being wiped Needless to say, the unreserved out of existence, . and also the sympathy of the entire community buildings and growing crops of out to Mrs. MeCuaig, and her settlers in different parts of the little boy in the great affliction wide-spread area over which the j whieh has come »o suddenly upon fire has ragedt	them.

A
PROMPTLY SECURED

*»?. A -k fur nur 1NVKX-TOR S ADYISKit.which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION,
364 University St.. Montréal.
ir
«
V.
Bibles For Canada.
Bibles printed In eeventy languages are required for Canadian circulation.
4
Austiu
Local and District.

L
I
anÿ in regions anttTope. •
The first step was to outline tin ancient and present range of the antelope, then to ascertain the probable number at large. The combined evidence of many game wardens and mounted police shows that there are yet between 1,000 and 1,600 antelope still at large in the Canadian northwest.
ELMSIDE
Sad Drowning Accident at
Green Lake	Miss Ret ta Grant who has been
___	visiting friends iu Pembroke has
The tir*t fatality in its history returned home .irootupanied by
as a summer resort occurred at	* LV.MevJ ii,	?.a(\	,	,
Green Lake between twelve and	Mr. Jim Mc< recite who	has	been
one o'clock on Saturday last, when visiting Ins mother here left tor
$T	N"" •>$'f,
œœsartÆ
customary “swimming place. '	a,VJ. 'U?11 #•	v	d .	i
From what could be gathered from	. Mu»* Taylor of	>or way	Buy	and
some of those who witnossed the	Bonnie .cot-
sad fatality, it seems that Miss La,1(1 >w*!v visiting the Misses
appear very clear ; but certain it *|*aJ °1 hci mother, the lute li-.	Immigration Decrease*.
is she got out of reach of her com-	u* g</V.e h/,m£\	. A heavy falling off of 63 per cent,
panions, who could not swim, and * *rLa,LV	,J^r™ T|10,na,,xlut is shown in the Canadian Immlgra-
et her untimely fate, while	, ,, . * 'xefe ^l,est8 °* tlon figure# for the months of April
there was no one at hand who	^,ftn N^V**ke ...	and May. which have juet been Is-
could afford her aid. Another	of Shawville. was eu(Kl
little girl, who made an effort to the guest of Mrs. Jas. McC redie le lbe result of the Government dls-i-each her, would doubtless have f,T.H !VX ‘lilX,4e . .	, .	, couraglng for the present the entry
sjtrtz f*,r ns»» JE&ihe uw »»sss5»*sss!r$s
managed to grasp her as she was	of t haplean, a.ai.tmg biro tot&l for the two month. ... 68,163.
going down.	Min e the first of July.-Co*	¦
When the horror of the situation dawned upon the other bathers, vigorous calls for help were made, but as there were no men in the immediate vicinity,
before the understood Rev.
Have Your Suit
Made to Measure
A response soon
Prior to the hard winter of 1906 and 1907, there were at least ten times ae many; but that long, fierce spell of frost and deep enow killed them off by thousands. In the spring when the driving remnants were making their way n ,rlj over tbe frozen Saskatchewan, the rotten ice gave way, according to one ranchman, and over 600 were engulfed on one occasion, as he watched them from the bank.
Every garment that comes from these wonderful Hobberlin Tailor Shops to created for the intends to wear it The garments are cut individually and shaped to the exact measurements. That to the proper way to buy your clothes and the best kind of
clothes to wear.
an who
WE ARE SHOWING NEARLY 500 UNES OF HOBBERLIN SUITINGS.
HO
The falling off Is general, and

ARCHIE DOVER
• t
44
aa against 146,423 for the corre-• po n n heaviest
from Britain, where there le a decrease from 66,940 last year to 20.-
^ BriaUJ, August 3, 1914. ^^Tbere \ere 20,713 from tbs The Munici|«l Council of Brixtol met United States as against 33,607, a on ibr above dale. Present Mayor decrease of 11,794. From con UnYoung and Councillors It. t ninplielL entai and other countries there were
Young and Homer.	27,046, as against 66,976, a decrease
Minute* of previous meeting read, and °f 21,911.__________________
on motion <»f conn. K. Campbell were adopted as read.
A report wa* received from J. Labial I I	I
regarding condition of road opito-itc Lot drink was disclosed ii‘ Sarnia recent M Rang,, j	ly, when Constable Coulter saw two
and rejwit on condition of bridge on ,QW an<| the prisoner was catching Umn line opposite l/>t 29, R. 1. -4 ar- ^ ln* â cup. Coulter's attention was
, ,	v	attracted when he heard a noise In
Moved by conns, i oong ami tamp- ^e cell, and slipping through the po L II that the following bills lie |iaid :	uce court room be saw the method
Pedlar People, LuLsteei culverts 8*65.00 of giving the prisoner a drink Wilson, sharpening steel.
T. Hbcppard, road work for T
Martin...............
B. Kilroy, road work forC. Sinn
i and fuse. « work for Je*
Its
The 8t. Lawrence river ow name to the accidental < onju n< ( ion of the Festival of Saint Lawrence with the day upon which the first explorer Imagined he had discovered the rlf-Jacquee Cartier In 1634 heard
B2£rH-HHE frost & Wood and
and It was while testing this legend that he mailed up the gulf until be
S^SéSraraa Cockshutt Machinery
and the blessing of the Bishop of 8t. ¦	*	*
Halo. He sailed past Roumisi end on to Quebec, then known by the Indians ae Stadacona. Here the fleet
a n c h oradHHHmHHHBHH
failed In their efforts to colonise the country until s century bad passed, largely owln& to their high-handed treatment of the Indians.
period last year. The falling off Is In the arrivals
Bristol Council Minutes
er.
Moroo time elapsed alarm was heard and by the nearest resident*
Alex. Elliott, who happened to lie in the neighborhood, was the first man to reach the scene of the fatality, and then came Mr. Win. Belsher and Mr. Kelly ; Mr. Frank Armstrong, who was working in the field on the opposite side of the lake hearing the alarm, also hastened to the scene. By means of an iron hook attached to a pole the body of ill-fated girl wa* recovered without difficulty, after it had been under water for about half an hour. Efforts to resuscitate the inanimate form were lindeitaken immediately by Mrs. Elliott but although she worked both long and skillfully, her labors, alas, proved unavailing. The vital spark had flown !
Word of the sad occurrence wa* soon conveyed to Shawville, and within a few minutes ee ral citi sen* were on their way to the lake, in their automobiles, to render what service they eon Id sequent I y Mr Hynes, undertaker, | went out and laid out the remains,1
Poured Liquor Into Jail.
S
One of the lut reeorU “to get a
I wish to inform the Farmers of this district that I have lately taken over the agency for the above machinery, and am ready to fill all orders for the Spring Trade.
The French, however,
The OWScrl Voter.
Perhape the oldeet voter to exercise his franchise In the recent Ontario elections was Levi Thompson, of Roblin, aged 96 year* hoped hie would be the casting vets to banish the here of Ontario, eon John, bis grandson 1rs and his great-grandson, Ralph, also voted at the same subdivision.
A. F Hare, of Grafton, who Is 96 years of age voted for 8am Clarke, Libe.al, la West Northumberland.
*to
A supply of Repairs will always be kept on hand
Tropic Flora In Arctic.
Corroborating the report of soundings In the Arctic Sea made by the Karluk expedition that revealed the presence of coral le a recent note In Science that the fosait flora of that
w	u	. ¦	Icy climate show, the presence of
Moved by conn Horner that we n.»w abuodaj* and luxuriant ferns and
adjourn. -Carried.	palmlike plants produced by the
Q. T. PirMMown,	tropica) conditions of late Paleesolc
Sec. Trees, sod middle Cenosoic geologic time.
3.00
He said be
3.00
1.00
r dynamite cairn John Findley, nawl v
Fiadky.. .¦¦¦
Hla
S. E. HODGINS
D. McRae’s Old Stand
Main St., Shawville.
9
:..oo
ib-
