###PAGE###1###
O
No. 51, 31rr Yea it
SHAWVILLE; PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JUNE 11, 1U14
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE


4
THE HARDWARE STORE

2 Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank

I
ESTABLISHED 1874,
Of Canada.
ESTABLISHED 18#>4.
Paid up Capital $7,000,000 Feaerve Fund $7,000,000 Total Assets over Eighty-three Millions of Dollars.
For the Farmer
Fencing Flyers
Wire Stretchers
Universal Post Hole Diggers
Crow Bars
Hay Fork Itopo
Spades and Shovels
Paid up Capital,
Rest
Total Assets over
• 4,000,000 4,760,000 64,000,000
OVER 06 OFFICES THROUGHOUT CANADA.
President — Sih. H. Mo NT AUDI Allan re*. — K. \V. BLA( k
Gen. Manager — E. F. Hkbdüx
Items accepted for
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank Account
Shawvtlle Branch Quyon Branch
COLLECTION

May be ope rated as a Joint A vet. Incurs no expense nor formality Isa most decided business asset Insures money for investment.
For the Housekeeper
Ice Cream Freezers O-Cedar Mops Window Screens Screen Doors Fly Swatters Hammocks Coal Oil Stoves
For the Baby Chicks - Pratt’s Baby Chick
Food, nothing like it to make the little delicate ones grow big and strong. Eliminates all loss and trouble. 25 and 50c. packages.
on any point in Canada, the United States or abroad.
j F. C. SMYTH, MANAGER.
Port Coulonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
HENRY’S
TIS A FACT that the
COWLING STf /,
Just received -a new supply of men's underwear. While they last 50c. a suit.	Kizell & Dover
Three new Ford cars arrived in town ln>t week.
The " Oliis " men’s suit shirts, in all sizes, save underwear.
At Kizell & Dover's.
7
Ottawa, Ont.
ill the skating rink Friday even-l	ZZSTSSt	I On the Civil Service Examinations for
mg ol this week. Some gcxxl ini' u ' AWA, ON i .	'	November, 191:$. our stenographer* and
ix)rted talent hex been secured for	typist* headed the lint of successful
the occasion, and a choice program 1* recognized throughout Central Can- candidate* for the whole of Canada,
will be presented.	|ada a« “Ottawa’s Greatest School of	1 ,e flr#t* *econ ’ and ,ourth
The members of the Shawville	c,"n ^ervl*e i Weattrlhuts this success to modem
listened to an excellent |m|M*r by ne#* Educators Association of Canada. | grapher*. Send for circular,	| ™
the Rev. Mr. Seaman on ** flow to I The school Is open all summer. Enter
i
Visit us In our new quarters on June 3rd. Cut rates In all photographs for six days No stairs to climh. Walk right in from the street and sit down.
H I mIson. Artist.
J. H. SHAW.
Don't forget the entertainment on Friday the 12th inst., in the Rink. Bring your friends
E
_ t
nr\VH
with you
D. E. HENRY. Phesiiient.
Bank and Sparks Sts
keen the boys and girls on the anytime
Farm. Tea was served.
A copious rainfall on Sunday last was j list the one thing needed to give new life to parched végéta*
wêBT7:.
A Strawberry Festival under the auspices of the Ladies’ Aid of
Methodist	be, Q ,
The ladies of St. Paul's Church, given on the lawn of the Metho-Pl,P|,,y vo Shaw ville, w ill hold their annual dist Parsonage, Shuwville, on the Garden Party on the Rectory lawn, Wednesday evening, June
For Sale—A qantity of good buckwheat at the Shaw ville
W. A. HODGINS
WILLIS COLLEGE
Canada’s Premier Commercial
School
» r *	c ^ i Anew lot of neckwear just ar
evening of June 11lh. See posters, rived ; all newest shades and styles
Kizell & Dover. .
SHAWVILLE
fill
raary impoeing solemn ceremonie..	Married. 	for
sny other college in Bas tern Ontario, because Willii Graduate* are in demand.
Willis Graduates Stand the Working Test.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
102 Bank Street, Cor. Albert St.
24
Remember the Auction Sale of the old Academy building and the three vacant lots at 2-3f Saturday. June 13th. nice building lots and brick building suitable for factory purposes or re modelling for dwell-
Eng«* -
pül IHEIpM!- -
£H E «s-t* /«t
Th k . toUi	SlrSwï
Those who are going to the A hen-egg measuring 8x6i|P?Pn-v the happy couple left fot Hold on term* to suit purchaser. J, L. Petewawa Camp next week are re- inches wan handed to the Editor ^mKara halls and intermediate Hoik. ins. Shaw ville.
quested to take note of the follow- by Master Cedi Brownlee on Sat- points- Fpon their return Mr. --
ing information, issued in general urday evening. This abnormal	HojhnnH will reside at FOR SALE -Good driving horse young
orders )a*t week	specimen of hen fruit is credited to # Avy- Broekville.	| -sNo a nice buggy. Apply to Hsv. C
The section will parade at drill a fowl uf the black Minorca type. '	-—- I Conlkv, Shawviiie.
hall, at 6 A. in. sharp, on Monday If the greatr u**dian hen in gen
June 15, to proceed to the railway era 1 could beTfidiicetl toiaUqw her	_ FOR SALE—The corner lot oa Mala
station and-entram for Petevvawa, praise-worthy example, less would M- M	f f hor#iftr:a street, Shawviiie, known a* the Shawviiie
leaving Shawviiie at 6.30, a. m. oe heard of trie high cost of living. 1 * Maisie Sally, of C haï U 11 , meat shop, comprising2 shop* and dwell
Dn*.-Drill uniform, hsverwck» What ?	.pent a few day. with friend, here, m, house. Oo, of the
will be worn. The men must have
i p. in.. Some very a four room
OTTAWA, ONT
Information for the Canadian Field Engineers.
i
As usual our Millinery Dept, will close about July 1st.
We have always reserved our unsold Stock Hats till our Mid Summer Sale and then sold them at bargain prices, but this year we intend cleaning them out before the end of June.
Beginning June 15th, we offer all our Ladies' Stock Hats at a reduction of 26 per cent, and all Children’s Hats at 20 p. c. off*.
Don’t miss this chance of getting your New Hat (really in the season) at specially low prices.
PERSONAL MENTION
eland# in town. Good bargain to a cash buyer. W. J. Hayks, Shawviiie.
Mi** Gertrude McDowell, i* at
¦Kgs
new merchant*, Messrs. Kizell « may be had by applying to the under y I Dover.	"igned. R. H. Elliott, SbawviHe.

Late W. *.
Free
--	I The following Pontiac boys—
Last Friday night was the date Fred Horner, Geo. Fades and Ho of the regular monthly commun!- Duff — participated in a stock
cation of Pontiac Lodge À. F. and judging contest at Orinstown, (J.,,	, l tl f _ 0	-
A. M., and the occasion was render- Ia9t week, in competition with visited Rev, J, J. 8. rikI Mrs Sea- Frost was reported by farmers ed one of rather special signifl- teams from Huntingdon, Argati-|®*n Friday evening.	of this neighborhood on several
s	..2 T
addition to a large turnout of ten il team won from Pontiac by Mrs. Geo. B. Campbell and son. with the car craze, each nt brethren belonging to the local one point. The latter were to a Ottawa spent a few days in town «ng a new Ford last week lodge, both resident and from out- certain extent at a disadvantage, visiting her sister, Miss Carey.	Draper will use his in connection
lying	inasmuch as some of the winners Miss Mol lie Crane who has been Wltb his livery.
\§mm
Houne, when the lodge adjourned are not taking their defeat says the reports regarding the de w;iy 0f travelling for refreshment.	seriously.	struction of that village by fire * t
The work of conferring degrees	j	were exaggerated.	We learn that the pi
r-E&d-E'KfcrHsv
ing in til# annals -t the tiaft in keep the spectators keenly Inter Mire.	ed upon, for Its removal.
v	till the last innings, play be- Mr. David Hod gins, an old-tim**	¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
The lisitiog brotherii were î— ing Ai d three times during the I resident of North Clarendon, who We were much pleaded indeed K.l.n^9o/mi<>.11	The score was as fol- ; removal to Nipissing district to have a < all on Friday evening
A. H. Taylor, J. H. Lea and h. W. lows	about 35 years ago is here at pre- from our old friend and confrere
Hudffjn*	_	Shawviiie- 3 2 22 20022—15	leent visiting relatives, accom- Mm Williams of ihe Amprior
®ro o , P D. Port I 0 4 4008 1 0—13. pan led by Mrs. Hodgin* Mr. Watchman, who came over with W il lia ma, WM; Bros. A. Held, Umpires-W. E. Maitland and Modglni notes many changes in some of his Ms sonic friend* to ai fl. W.; F. H ( huri*h. L las Russe!! Beckett.	this district (especially in Mhaw- tend the meeting of the craft here
McFheraon. 8. JL w. H. rmtekfA Next game—June 12—P. D. Fort ville) since he left here 35 year*J <»n that occasion, and to which n*
J D.; Archie McNab. I, U.	I	at Bristol.	ago.	!	ference is made in another item.
Rev. Mr. Thomas, of Quyon
Mr. R. J. Hamilton and Alf. E. Draper, have become infatuated
Mr
the
era and
was pa brethren
as
*

W. A. HODGINS


###PAGE###2###
HI SSI AN FORESTS.

ALLOW ME TO PRESENT MY BEST FRIEND

Speculator* nittl Timber Merchant» Making Thom Disappear.
s
Â
<at
The deforeetat ion of Ruwda if» progressing rapidly, we are told by Mr. Menshikov, of the Novoye Vretina (St. Petersburg). The immense forest» which covered the greater |>art of that, country are fast disappearing under the merciless axe of the timber merchant and speculator, and tlie Russian people are being dep
moat essential means of sustaining life in the north— firew<x*l. Already the cost of this most vital necessity lias doubled in places which were considered immune from wood famine. Even Moscow, we are told, suffered from lack of it last winter, and some public and charitable institutions, such aa hospitals, found-* lings ho me a, etc., were not suffi ciemtly healed. If one is to re mem her that nearly the whole of Russia uses wood for heating the houses in the long winter months, the signifi canoe of the problem which the Government will have to face a*p pears in its true light. To quote Mr. Menshikov i
ROYAL
i YEAST kCAKES
t




i&



I
4

rived of one of the

A

f JN BUYING
I Yeast Cakes
f ME CAREFUL TO ' SPECIFY
ROYAL ÏX&êS
DFCUNE SUBSTITUTES.

E.W.GILLETT CO. LTD TORONTO.

3
I
i
TO
.U
WIMMtPtO
I
z
1

fll id^Nl'JVi'ikVik'r'Jk’t
B » Pi * SB Si*» »¦¦¦¦*«¦*»¦¦¦
, <SI!!II!|!PI!1!™

! interior be filled with light morel than before ; her (shrine) E-su-sig ' ga he enlarged for the future, for' his life he built it. It* head he reared high; like a mountain lie made it dofty. On these brilliant doings may lnnina, my lady, look abundance of years, a well established throne, a putting down of up rhi rigs, may she as a gift bestow upon me/	t
The inscription is interesting toj Biblical scholars in that it belonged to one of the kings that Abraham.1 with a handful of followers, routed at night by means of strategy.
>
HISTORY OF GFNFSIS TRUE
A

1

i i
/
Ml TH DISIM TED CONTROVERSY SETTLED.

S>
1
“For many yeraa, for whole decades. we took no notice of the destruction of the forests. On the contrary, the rolling class, the nobility, hastened to sell out their wooded properties rather than he compelled to sell the land. Those As a new conn- who sold their forests usually did
so for trifling sums, giving the bro to make a number of changes in the kers an opportunity of earning distribution system, with the re 300, 500, and even 1.000 per cent, suit that by the time that the on their capital. Those who did smaller wooden struct urea need re not sell their own encouraged the new a I, there exists such a differ- destruction of their neighbors’ for

AreliaeologMa al Yale Announce Reading of Sumerian In-neri{Miou.
GREAT IRRIGATION WORK
Hiver is railed Approximately 40 turcs for distributing water to the feet by the Bass&no Dam. It is a farms or groups of farms, number composite structure, the nu»*t nota ing over a thousand, have not yet hie portion being the concrete spill- been put in place way, 720 feet in length. This is try develop^. it will he neeesentry built with regard to economy of material and of the so called “Am bursen type, with heavy floor on the bed of the stream, protected by suitable cut off walls. Upon this arc	erected	buttresses	carrying	a	enoe in methods and of transporta-	ests, wisely supposing that the resloping	deck	with	apron,	the	whole	tion possibilities that the w ood can	main ing ones would rise in price.
then be replaced to advantage with	In the end the deforestation of the
concrete. At the same time the	country assumed threatening preplans can be modified to suit the	portions, and when the clamor
developments which ha\c taken	raised by the press and learned
place.	Indies and chiefly by the landed
The area for which water is being proprietors themselves became
undulating bearable, the Government intro towards dueed a forest conservation law There But, like the majority of our laws
Archaeologists all oxer the world will be interested in an announcement made that a Babylonian votive offering cone just deciphered at Vale practically settles a controversy that has been waged for years among Biblical scholars years ago it was asserted that the names of the four king» mentioned in the fourteenth chapter of Gene sis, who invaded Palestine in t ie days of Abraham, were “etymological inventions of imaginary characters." ft was held that the entire The Merchants Bank of Canada historical background for the patri- |iaH jllst completed fifty years of archs stories was different from that bud ness in Canada and has cele-gixen in Genesis. By the aid of the biated the half century mark by pick and shovel and the work of showing the best report in its hi* the decipherer these assertions, ; l<irv tfet profits for the year which had been made with the ut- amounted to $1,218.694, which 1» most assurance, are found to be equal to 17.8 per cent, on the aver-valueless, according to the Vale flge paid-up capital for the year, authorities.	Taking into account the average of
both capital and the rest account, which amounted to $13,348,100. the Bank earned 9.13 per cent., which is a trifle less than was earned during the previous year. In view of the fact that the year, which just closed, was a somewhat trying one for the banks, the showing mad* by the Merchants Bank is considered highly satisfactory. For a considerable portion of the year, Canada, in common with other countries, encountered a ]>eriod of depression which interfered with the earnings of the banks. Exact comparisons with previous years is difficult to make, owing to the fact that the fiscal year of the bank was changed from November 30th to April 30th and the statement issued previous to the present one covered a period • if but five months.
B ASSAM) DAM
OVER BOW
RIVER, IS COMPLETED
MERCHANTS BANK
BV CM».R
Sonie
Will Turn a Urcat Doser! Into a
Land of Milk and Hone j.
The construction of the huge Basse no dam across the famous Bow River, 83 miles east of Calgary, by the Canadian Pacific Railway Company, ha* been completed. As a result of its opening a million acres of prairie land, previously looked upon as of little or no use for agricultural purposes, is now placed under irrigation and will prove as productive as any other portion of the Dominion. The gigantic work, which has entailed the expenditure of several millions of dollars, has been carried out under the supervision of Mr. J. S. Den nia, assistant to the President, and head of the Department of Natural Resource*.
About three years have been spent on this work ; it is probable that the remainder can he built during the year 1914. The greatest part of the earthwork for the canals, aggregating twenty million cubic yards, has been completed and operations well advanced on the principal structures. The re- pacity of 800 cubic feet per second, taming work to be done consists turning toward the north, while the largely of placing over a thousand larger branch, with capacity of 2, small “structures, mainly wood, 200 second feet, continues toward
the east. On the northern branch and its sub-division are many important structures, such a* drops and flumes, but the large number of these is on the eastern canal, and its sub-divisions.
The must notable of the canal structures is the Brooks aqueduct,
10.000 feet in length, with capacity of 900 second feet, crossing a broad low depression. The design of this equcduct is novel, but evidently At based on careful study with a view to permanence and economy of material. Practically all of the larger
structures in the eastern section
have been, or are being, built of concrete, the chief exception being several large wooden flume* drops in the canal are of substantial design of concrete, and embody features found to be neeeasary for this purpose
Half a Century in Business
designed to pass 100,000 cubic feet of water per second with extreme height of 13 feet above the crest.
Huge Eastern Dykes.
un
The concrete portion of the dam is prolonged westerly within the Horsts Shoe Rend by an eastern dyke with maximum height of 45 feet and length of 7.000 feet, con taming about 1,000,000 cubic yards. Extending easterly from the dam is the main canal, five miles in length, partly in a deep cut of 70 feet bottom width, and which, being made in earth of somewhat treacherous character, has given considerable trouble. In this respect it is comparable with a number of annular deep earth cuts which have been made and successfully main tai-ned under similar conditions on canals in Montana and adjacent areas. Beyond the eastern end of this eut, the main canal, with a Capacity of 3,800 cubic feet per second, divides the smaller portion, with bed width of 30 feet and ca-
pruvided, in general, is and with notable slopes
Bow	R i
number of district drainage the conservation was left to the will lines traversing the country, and of God. With the shrewdness of topography, as compared with that the brokers and the dishonesty of
the common citizen, for centuries
are a
of most of the plains region, is fav orable for a relatively rapid run-off trained in the art of circumventing
The main drain the law, foreet conservation lias in
Several inscriptions of Artoch (Eri Aku) have been published, and several of his brother, Rim Sin (or Rim Aku). Formerly these indivi-uala were regarded as identical. And, although Thureau-Dagin of the Louvre made it reasonable that they were different persons, a number of scholars still maintain, according to the Yale authorities, that they are the same. This dynastic tablet recently obtained for the Vale Babylonian collection, however, fully determines the question, in that it shows that the last two kings of lvarsa were Eri Aku and Rim-Sin or Aku.
of excess water
nge system has been provided in ! many places been turned into an part by nature and in part by arti amusing comedy. _T\lie destruction ficial means.	I <»f the forests, even now, goes on in
full blast, and the most important of elements which guard the very possibility of mso's existence in the North—tite forests which yield fuel — are rapidly disappearing. What would you say if the English should be deprived of the sea. or Switzerland of her mountain* f You would say that their end had come firewood muet be considered just as vitally necessary to Russia as the
sea is to English and the mountains to Switzerland. One may regret the disappearance of timber, but that can in a large degree be replaced by brick, iron and other construction material. But fuel in the north, in the form of fire-wood, can not be replaced.’ —Literary Di-
Problems to be I need.
The first problem under the pre vailing climatic conditions is, first, to induce the farmer to exercise forethought and to use water at the right time ; the second, and even more difficult, is to get him to ap preciate the danger of using too much water. He is apt to assume that if A little water is a good tiling, a large quantity is better, whereas, the larger quantity may be injurious to his crop and to his neighbors* fields* and may necessitate large and otherwise unnecessary expenditures for deepening and extending the drains. In order to prevent the occasion for these large expenditures for drainage arising, arrangements are made on many of the new irrigation systems to deliver water on a measured basis, a certain minimum quantity being obtained at a flat charge assessed on all irrigable lands. For example, 50c. or $1 is to be paid, usually in ad-whet her the irrigable land
And
Sous of hudur-Mabiig.
These two rulers were sons of Ktidur Mabug, the Elamite, who was also sure ram of Palestine and Syria. Chedorlaomrr mentioned in An examination of the report the fourteenth chapter of Genesis, shows that gains were made in all was probably another son, in the departments of the bank s activi-
For the first time in the his-
scattered over the irrigable tract covering the greater part of *2,000 square miles.
The quantities, as shown by the records of the Dominion Government. are notably large, the river receiving the drainage from over 0,000 square miles above Bases no. It has a heavy spring flow, the highest stages being reached between June 15th and August 15th. and thus furnishing an ample supply through the crop season other times it affords an adequate quantity for conveyance through the main canal to the storage reservoir located within the irrigable tract. This provision of storage for a part of the irrigable area and in the vicinity of the farm* is notble as an assurance against certain classes of operation troubles.
The low water surface in Bow
ultimately !
opinion of the Yale authorities. AdI ¦ I ¦	I ¦
cording to Genesis, AriocJi of Larsa tory of the bank, the reserve fund and Amra'phel of Shinar were Ched- equals the paid up capital, each of orlaomer s allies in the invasion, these now standing at $7,000.000, a Since the reigu of Him Aku follow- considerable gain over the showing ed that of Eri-Aku, iteeeom to those for the previous year. The bank s who have studied the subject Usât cash holdings are $1.*>6,000 greater Amraphel or Hasmnurapi, also (ban at the end of April, 19P, written Ammurapi, mast have been j whHedav mg a depomta have mcrçg* very young when the invasion took cd by $2.600,00».	1 he bank e surplace.	! rent kans increased during
Thr Yak arohaeologiata point out >'ir	*? .
«hat .he knowle^r that Anovh wa,	.to *^’7’n„00°',
tj,v son of an Elamite king, who that the bank ha. been do,ng .ta fui
claimed to be suzerain of Palestine «bare by cater mg to the commercial
and Syria, i. a remarkable onfir-	«* **“ cominun.tjea in which
mation of a detail in this Old Te.- j -«"branche, are located. The total
rjrs sr^-r^tsis»:
(Larva), who was a eon of an Elamite king, was allied with Elam.
Moreover it is known that Amra-phal of Shinar was subservient to Elam until he overthrew its power in its thirty-first year.
The new inscription of Arioch in the Yale Babylonian collection is a votive offering in the form of a conical brick dedicated to his goddess Innina, or Iah tar. The Yale inscription is written in Sumerian, the non Semitic language of the early period, and being deciphered, reads as follows :
+
ties
TIIE IIKiII COST OF LIVING.
At the present time possibly no other subject is receiving quite as much attention in Canada as this one. It will be a surprise to moat readers to know that during the fiscal year which ended March 31 at, 1913, Canada paid $11,500,000 in duty on food, and all of this large sum is virtually a direct tax on the
consumer.
In glancing over the list it is easy to understand that the buying public are themselves largely to blame
\ance
receives water or not, and for this, say, one acre-foot can be had. This minimum it set at the amount which is considered to be necessary for the production of the average crop under ordinary conditions, but it is not enough to result in water-logging the soil and in the i in many instances, for there are
of food produced in Canada For all quantities in excess of! that are equal in every respect to this minimum an additional charge [ those made in any country in the is made and collected in advance The result is that the irrigator, be ing called upon to pay out his mo- there ney when he demands more water into C aYiada. and this means the than the minimum, considers very consumer paid in duty the enor-carefulfy as to whether he really mourn sum of $67,000. There are needs the water.	better goods in the world in this
As a rule he concludes that he can line than magic baking powder, and get along with a smaller amount it is made in a model sanitary up-that he otherwise would deem ne- to-date factory, and can be pro ceesary. Experiment* have shown cured in any first-class store at one that the largest crop yields are ob- half the price the imported article
tsined with the minimum amount, sells for.	/
of water applied, consistent with Such articles as raisins, currants, suitable plant growth, and that and many other things, which do while many crops are tolerant of not grow in Canada, or are not pro-eonside rah le amount* of water, yet duced here, have of necessity to be the yield ie reduced in quantity and imported, and the duty paid, quality to such excessive applies* If the consumer would devote a
little thought and attention to this subject a large amount of money on Id and would be saved.—Canadian Home Journal.
D
The
The smaller at rue
consequent demand for drainage
During the year the bank issued new stock, on which the premium amounted to $180,000, which, with the net earnings of $1.218,000 and balance brought forward amounting to $401,000, made $1,800.000 available for distribution. Dividend requirements absorbed $686.000. pro fit and loss $580,000, bank premise* account $1,000,000, officers pension* fund $50,000. written off for depreciation in bonds and investment# $135,000, leaving $248,000 to be carried forward. A feature of the bank s report was the large proportion of quickly available assets, which represent over 36 per cent, ed lad) of splendor priestess of f 0f ** total liabilities to the public. hoata> the eldest daughter of the god	js a satisfactory showing, cape
8in, his lady, l ru-Aku, th* favorite rially in view of the recent financial Prince of Nipper,	j stringency. Altogether, the show
made by the bank it moat enoour-
ii"W* that good ba the overseer of the cities Girsu and ing practice and careful conserva Shirpuria, who is revered in (the five management characterised the templei Ebabbar*, king of -Lam ; year's operations. At the annual king of Humer and Accad ; the be- meeting it was also decided to loved l<»rd of the harvest (or hunt), tablish a Holding Company for the who fulfills the commands ; who pu rpoee of taking over and ma nag built anew the temples of the g<ds; ing the premia** utilized by the who had mad* # colossal copper hank for the housing of the various statue of her kingship; who restores offices. The old Board were re its greatness to her overturned elected, and, at a subaequ city ; who truly rebuilt her wall ; ting, 8ir H. Montagu Alla who truly caused to be inhabited elected President and K. W. Black greatly her widespread land : es- well. Vice-Pres ideal, ailed of
world.
In the baking powder line alone were 667,904 lbs. imported
YOU ( AN SLEEP LATER
And still breakfast on time by using a
ILl
New Iteration.
Oil Cook-stove’

No fire» to kindle—no wood or coal to mues with. j| touch a match to the wick —then you have all the heat you want when you want it Lessens the labor in the kitchen.
I, 2. 3 and 4 burner sizes, and a new stove with Fire leva km g Oven. All hardware a
(/n Roy ah ft OU ft But Retail*
“To Gnnini or (Ishtar) the exalt

The Adomer of the City I r.
The east# » n m on ir ides a o acres» oui oI which there/, has been selected approximately 440,000 acres, lying in an altitude of from 8.300 to 3,300 feet, awl which may be irrig*ed from the system when completed. The tract as a whole is a part of the northern great plains, the surface of which ha< been modified by glacial action, with resulting heavy underlying de posits of sand and gravel, and par ticularly of clay, interspersed with large and smalt boulders The re tu» soi1 <>n the glacial dei frequently loamy, usually rich, and in places alight!> Everywhere seen it is of

4
*
Grapes Is Spain.
The average quantity of grapes used annually in Spain for products other than wine ia estimated at «70,000 tons, of which ab tons are mad
tons of three being exported to for eign countries.
77.000

ram l*

n was re-
ii lv
Ah ! hi «ighed. “if j
*ast hopf terruf t<d t hearted belle. I ve beer yon tin 1 man
suiting posits is very
suitable depth and qua lit) for ex-1 «lient crop production. The native| vegetation, largely of es, grows lur there is an wl

Ï
gave me
4'Gracions
? -
them!
Horn a * ido under- | has given ; for the j wid a La
hard


u
back am I ; to standing for city’s work I sake of Inoii

Mr
Fat whin the ha l somethin xar aae\ t whin ar for it.
< i

# k
st I ever gave


3
THE IMPERIAL OIL CO , Lifted




I
T
il 4
x arwus gi i« sly whenever ate supply



That horrid v^man of up my home
v


x
x «
t L
mg dwelling rding to it#
I
rp
t.

n awa
No. the cook
l»Pf

vh
# <i

###PAGE###3###

hard after being wet, arp'y u little glycerine, after they have become dry with a piece of absorbent cot-They will absorb it and tr.e next day will be as soft as ev( r .
Remember that wher using pineapple as a flavoring in ice creams gelatin mixtures, it must first be cooked, otherwise the enzyme which the fresh pineapple contains will prevent the gelatin from hardening or the ice cream from freezing,
A careful housewife saves the liquor in which vegetables and cereals are cooked for the foundation of soup and stocks. The water in which spinach, neas. beans and other vegetable* have been cooked makes a valuable foundation for pH.
For a particularly good salad dreining, take a mayonnaise of good boiled salad dressing. Whe ready to serve turn amount dress d into a bowl and with Dover beater whip in a tablespoon or two of strained catchup, or chili sauce mav be added. A bit of Worcestershire will give a little “snap."
If soon the family were gathered S|1 round quite a cheery blaze *11 had roost of the dinner that night. a|| The rest of the family dined off the remains of the ftale bread, leaving the warm milk for the little invalid,
Life in Jobson s Row—locuily W|K) waB BOon fa8t asleep, known as.“Rotten How—is a dull Mary carrj(Hj |,er gently to the business.	| bed, and then lay down beside her.
It is a dark, squalid court off one , The boy soon followed, cuddling of the great main roads that bora | do*# up to his mother. Boon all their way out of London—eastward.1 three were asleep; only Bert re You enter it through a narrow door-1 trained staring fixedly into the dy way, which, if you are a stranger, | jng gl^w of the fire you will have some \ difficulty lu i perhaps a quarter of an finding^ The denizens of the r<>J* gone by, when be felt a li are mostly street hawkers of W on hia arm, and, looking up, saw lower rank* with here and tfcfre.£ j that ILm# had crept off the bed. arid vendor of newspapers.	had come towards him. He tender
Up to a few weeks ago the room jy	hpr pinched little face, and
at the top of No. 7 was the home off ^It that it was hot and dry.
Bert Qiljyard, his wife, and their uWhaVs the ^tter, old girl! two children. That is to say, ' | Can’t you sleep !“ he whispered.
-» "ungry	V
most of their days «tending *t the “There iwi t any more bread, old
window, trying to see over the girl, nor no milk, cither
h< uses opposite— which waa impos-1 you wait till the morning 1 lie auk-
ed, desperately, well knowing that
Mary Qillyard had been born and the morning could bring nothing bred in the country. Like many an- but hope, and not much of that other girl, *he came up to London “Too ungry whimpered the to make a fortune. She had gone »ick child. “Want some aweeU.
In, and had just begun to Can t you give me
prosper somewliât when she met. dad I ...	,
Bert who was at that time in regu- A church clock somewhere in the lar work as a gardener-and mar distance struck nine. Bert glanced ried him.	h“ keeping wife
That was five years ago. Soon “Would you like some cake,	....	,,
anil so bv the well-worn path of i quickl> until ho turned into Oxford and a second afterwards a hand was
ounce! Would you believe it ! Just because I forgot to take out a dog-license—a dog-license !- some blue-ooated jackanapes pulls me into this infernal place me, mind you; and I’ve bought hundreds of the wretched things in my time—hundreds ! And, now they’ve grabbed yon ' A set of incompetent, muddle headed, fatuous nincompoops who ought to

Mitt

Rose
Hack To The Sunshine
ton
<
I







0
^4 1JB
v'
or in


*
r

mmà
<<A
*


Kp^jf


F*
y"


&
ur 4in<l ! totich
«


>

r.
pj » >*>	' TTT :
là*


Can't
r/
Bible
m
m «a
Type ol H ut in Which the Mexican Peasants Live.
Searching party of United Stales troops going back to camp after searching the huts in the vicinity for arms and ammunition.
DIFFER ON FRESH AIR
W a ut
London Specialists Who Their Windows Shut
some sweets,
into service
Sweet Rusk.—For the invalid Sir Robertson Xichol complains slices of this type of cake toasted about the “detestable habit of open an agreeable tea accompani- windows, by which he asserts that
he catches cold. Despite tlie fact nourishing. They are more pala- that many doctors preach the gos-table titan the bread rusks or zwie- pel of the open window, there is back. Each slice may or may not apparent dDaonance between medi* be sprinkled with powdered sugar cal teaching and medical practice, before toasting.	Isays the London Standard
One Egg Cooked Cream. — One At half-past eight o’clock on a recup milk, one and a half teaspoons cent morning in Harley street there of cornstarch, one-half cup of su- was scarce a window that let in t ie gar, one-fourth cup of butter, one morning air. Later exploration «it egg, flavor to taste. Scald the eleven o'cock and at noon <¦	»
milk, add sugar and butter, then warm, sultry day m tic doctor-the cornstarch mixed with a little quarters—Har'ey *lreet, v,,,n cold milk. When thickened pour Anne street, < avendish square, on slightly beaten egg and spread Wimpole street, and De\*-ns ure between a square of the above cake street—corroborated tin* fact split in two. Leave until cream to outward appearance, doctors <P-so&ks well into the cake. Powder not practice a they are be ie\
the top with icing sugar and serve, to preach. ¦ ¦
To this cream may be added nuts A physician gax e the f.- . w N chopped, half a cup of pecans chop- explanation:	All up and down
ped, or it may be flavored in varh Harlev street just now v<>u «> ,SHT VH
A handful of filberts ' the painters ladders. I want the
but unmixed with the odor <»t This failed to account sat-
n
that opened out into the street. Bert's heart leaped within him ; then he turned his face away, for
HOME
are
ment and eminently wholesome and
Selected Recipes.
Butter Cream Icing and Filling.
-Make exactly like hard sauce, with unsalted butter creamed, icing sugar, and flavoring, but stop add ing sugar before it gets to the hard sauce stage. It must be spread very queer : | easily and about once and a half these fellows— not an | the amount of sugar will usually be
about the right measure. It must be thick enough to stand up. If no fresh butter is to be procured make a little by shaking some cream in a Mason jar or whipping it to a butter. Three or four minutes is usually all the time it takes to make this butter if it is to be used immediately.
Three Egg Sponge Ha Her.—One cup sugar, one cup flour, one and a The sergeant approached the an half teaspoons of baking powder, gry old gentleman.	three eggs, one-third of a cup of
“Now, then, sir ; no talking in the hot water, one-half teaspoon of fla-passage :	You must take him out- voring. Sift the sugar into the mix-
side if you want to talk to him !" ing howl and then sift the flour
That * what l want to with the baking powder in with it do. Come on, Gillyard !" And in and mix these well together with a another moment Bert found himself pinch of salt. Beat eggs well and standing beside his old master in stir into dry ingredients, then add the street—free!	the water and finally the flavoring.
He was beginning, in a halting Beat for at least five minutes and way, to give an account of his ap then pour into buttered and paper-pearance in the police-court.	ed dripping pan. Bake from twelve
“Yes, yes ; I know-I know ; to fifteen minutes, according to That’s all right, Gillyard. How sj thicknees
Mary? Go<-<i girl, Mary; always if fur jelly roll the layer of bat PJ(J|iow, look here. I want a	^,r	not be	over	one-fourth
gardener at once Had to sack the	0f an ^ch	thick.	If to	be cut in
last fellow—would steal the xege- snares, etc , this amount of batter tables! If you would like to bring *111 make a cake eight bv fourteen Mary down to the country, there # inches of about the right thickness, a job for you, and a cottage—quite ^ jH fli,fficient to make two jelly a nice cottage, too only 1 expect	r()]]s 0f	Blze	bU(, a	wj<jer and
you'll find it in rather a mess The i garter	pan would	be better if the
last fellow was a dirty chap. And if | cake was to be used for this pur
Epound in advance is any
Rvw
Mary, having unsuccessfully tried there, charing, now did her best to earn a He looked up and down the little money by selling an assort- street. Very few people were about ment of collar-studs, toothpicks, i He drew closer to the doorway and and pipe-cleaners on the kerbstones the cakes. As he did so a lady with I ¦	Bert made what | a little girl came out of the shop,
laden with packages and Easter Rose, too, should have a
of Oxford Street
lie could at ‘ odd jobs. Sometimes lie went as far as Paddington, and followed cabs—with luggage on them from the elation U> the res portable Rays water hom/s.
That is what he had been doing all day, when one evening, a few weeks ago, at about eight q*clock, he limped down Oxford Street to where he knew hie wife would be standing.
Slie saw him coming, and packed her «small stock in a cloth oover. PI Any luck, Bert, dear V she ask ed, with a tired smile.
4 Not a ccotl” be anewcrecLdts gustedly, thrusting his hands agely into his pocket», and staring blankly at the muddy pavement.
41 I’ve only made four pence myself/' answered his wife that'll be enough to give Rose some bread and milk, poor little mite ! («¦me on, Bert! I’m in a hurry to how she has been all day !"
Gillyard took his wife’s parcel, and almost mechanically put it un der his arm
They strode along in that dogged, silent way peculiar to the “stony broke” never speaking to, or look ing at, one another, yet always together. As they passed a brilliantly-lighted confectioner’s shop, Bert laid his hand on his wife's arm
* lx>ok. Mar} at them big cakes there on that shelf just outrode the door Î Would n’t one of them just pleaae the kids ? We couldn’t half do with a slice ourselves, either ! All *n boxes, with the lids ready under oeath Blow me if I don’t go and lift one, Mary !”
“No, Bert., old boy ; not that!
We’re k spite of
cake at all costa.
The coast was clear now.
Moving to the doorway, he stooped down quickly, picked up one of the boxes containing a cake, placed
slipped it under
When he had gone a foe yard» he drew into a dark doorway to adjust his packet more eomfortably and fely. Before be stowed k away, lie thought lie would just take one
of the hex lie
ous ways
cooked in a caramel of sugar and ; air then ground makes a most flavur-ous and delicious flavoring for this or for a richer cooked cream. Bana nas, or even oranges, if it is to be
served within a few hours, may be instance	. . . ____
added	windows were all scaled, Hk* men
This cake may be used a« a quite of the bruwh were equally busy next
satisfactory substitute for the ele- door to Sir John Tweedy, yet most
e“* --
useTin makingWi°!ei tcan'he' put ifr PeglSs. but the windTw. theL together with fruit syrups, used for were open wide. Vet a U>u <•
............ *" *• ««î-”-.. «*"».
made it evident that
paint
iefactorily for the case, however. While the painters were busy about the house of Dr. Abercrombie, for
and the doctor’s many
be
the lid on it, and his coat.
Ye*, sir
up
look at the brown beau cake. Lifting the lid off took it out of its nest of white
&
i
noese, etc
sav
paper.
Something peculiar about the feel of it struck him. He smelt it, but it didn't A me II like any cake he had ever met before. He tapped it, and —it sounded hollow. He tapped it again, and half of the cake dropped to the ground with a wooden sound.
It was nothing but an empty candy box—nothing but a cruel imita
lion.;
of whipped cream and fruit
ing rooms \
paint pots, I B	I Jjj
eleven out of twelve of the Went End medical practiced the plan of
the closed window.
In Cavendish square but one half hearted!v opened window let the
¦ . ^B	noontide air into the house of Dr.
Elasticity is restored to rubber Svmes Thompson. son of the great
by cooking it in one part ammonia . Mer 0f open air treatment for
and two part* water.	tuberculosis. Sir Victor Horsley
A painter s brush may be used to	closed, save one on the
dislodge dust from cracks and ere- g^con<j fl<x,r< and seemingly of bis
If to be used for a jelly roll | vices about the house.	mind were Sir D Ferrier, the spe
Try removing mildew by soaking ciâHst in neUrologv ; Dr. Sandwith, it in a weak solution of chloride at J)r K!jzabeth Patteaon, Sir Ar lime, then rinsing in cold water. y^hnot Lane, the senior surgeon _	, Uee warm water to sprinkle ^ Guy's; Dr^ Dundas Grant,
Little layer cakes of any shape starched clothes and the effect wi throat and ear specialist, and Sir may be made by putting two pieces be twice as satisfactory.^	Ronald Hues, who has special
of this cake together with jelly. Cut Hew a loop to the inside of a ha* jence 0f tropical medicine There always with a hot knife if the cake where it will not show, if you would a peATe<j as though a six-inch is still warm.	j like to be sure of ymr hat staying op,nillg wsa in deference to the
If a butter cream is used with on its hook	wishes of a small bird that hung in
this cake it must be cooled first, but A delectable combination fra ight, Mary! The luck # a	jB &p|g, open while yet a spring salad is dived pineapple,
a^ *raiaht uo ta now in	.has turned at last ! And hare s a bit wsrm aiKj the butter cream ad oeler.v and canned red peppers.
mmm ft	y tsM.
SI "Liu 1,1m ...v	w-von o'clock	mind you -«ml I'm to be Colonel < ( ream Icing.-Make juit before cutting	Greenwich, all opened eo widely
«¦111 *P
¦e»**
üu* s u.&rxrs.,&*~mr	r ~~i
jtsast	I.......
g g ¦ |	turning to bis dtak again, wrben the
old gentleman who had !isD*n«*i	_
Bert • egge came through the door I who has
But
Household Hints
To get the most good out of as-cut off the tips and cook

l»aragusg*Bp them separately
He picked up the fallen half* and put it together again, and looked at it with disgust. He had made a thief of himself for this! And, a* he looked, a great wave of wild anger swept over him. Anyhow, he would do some damage I Rome body should suffer 1 He stepped out onto the pavement with the intention of hurling the wretched box through the near ret unshuttered window. He raised
use
pose
HH	turn out on sugar sprinkled paper,
It waa half-past eleven, but Mary cu^ <,ff edges along the length, was still in Jobaons Row. She felt W)V4»r with warm jelly, and wrap in that she must wait at home. Bert ci0(j, would be sure, to come there as soon as ever he could
id. • L'Look
he
%
ex
Steps Berta step* were bounding up the etairs. and in another second he burst into the his whole face beaming with

Ilia!
“Now, then, what a your little gamel” said a quiet voice, while In# hand was caught in a vice like grip. He turned and faced a policeman.
too

room
a gilded cage
No. 7 Harley street, which has
the plates of seven doctors on its door, had but two sparingly open
On the other hand,
joy

You were r
on
are
>
“That*» Rlthl. J
Little James, while at a neighbors waa given a piece off bread and butter, and politely
That • right. Jam “1 like to hear little boys
f you want to h on might put

said

the i-
Thank you jmned James, eay it agsm j
jam on $t
re

f
up ro the man ai > #ow d li^ ve slowly

uld ba kept m a cup or ** irh for the bowl and then clarified Add n Ton*
«A
be sputtering She
ou ah a cWh
Fat
en I
ed euga
brown, but not long e
h t he




nth small qua
ims alow!
iced has i
n t
nu
beat t
e urwiei
•'dual i>
I sup nose yen are a lover

\ and when a topped strain
\\ hen th
Be
#* a

He




r ha*, the gains. '
an .are ea

Quickly breaking up the case, he put the wood ia the fireplace, and
\ r . H •	* ‘	• wit
more wives thaw
i pia
hi Wren a

can *


###PAGE###4###
1
either burnt on the ground or removed. The contractor to be responsible for any damage done to adjoining properties, ti	t4 ini*»	Moved by couni. McGuire and D.
SHAW V 1LLE, JUNE 11, ly 14.	Campbell that the following bills bv p*td:
— ——. — --- —? T. Vink Co 200 lbs spikts a*
per
A. McFarlane, freight on above M. Kuaiell, 3 wheel and 4 slush
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
Peerless Overalls.
Expert Operators.
Not only Materials and Designs are required To make a good garment. Operators whose work Passes the examiner as Excellent is also necessary. We employ only the best, And their work shows In the substantial Nature of our product
%
6
10.00
D
Mrs. Tempieman, wife of the HuO. William Tempieman, formerly minister f inland revenue, died at \ ictoria, B.V , v \ May IK) She was a native of Alin tUe, where for mai y years Mr. Tom; 1 man conducted the Gazette.
HO YOU contemplate building, I |g
or making any alterations in that line If so, mil in ami see me ; place your orders early, and have 11(] your material ready when re-118 quired. Ask for a sample of HKA-1 Ip YKH BOARD, the coming InteriorIII Finish ivt Dwellings and PubIk?||o Buildings
.50
0

p
p

85.00
28.35
rcrapera....................
D m Coirugated Steel Pipe Co,
M ived by coun. R. Campbell tl at we now adjourn.
a

BEAVER
BOARD
0
g
;
G. T. Vhvmmund,
Sec.-Treat
6
0
0
In the latest Grand Trunk Pacibc guar
i
rendered necessary to secure the
rroru
nmt
Clarendon Council Minutes
ante»,
I n of the mountain >wti n » f the rued, the country is protected from h Hiding over millions of hard cash to plement the sale of the company s It was not like that in the old
I
g
Adjourned meeting of the Clarendon Council, held as per adjournment and notice given in the office of the Secretary on Thursday, May 21st, 1014, a* 8, p. m Vi osent :	William Hodgii.s, mayor,
and Councillors J. J. Sly, Geo. T. Dagg, and W. T. Barber, form ng a quorum.
Messrs. 8 A 1). Bertrand and l. Dufresne, of the Roads Department of Quebec, were present to discuss the improvement of roads, which had been under con a deration by this Council. In looking over the minutes of former meetings it was found that resolutions passed December 1st, 1813, were, perhaps, not satisfactory and had not been acted up m.
Motion—Count. Barber and S y—Tl a* the resolution of count. Barb» r and Sly of date December 1st, 1313, re. proposed road improvement, with a view to borrowing $100,000. therefore be ant is hereby rescinded, inasmuch as no ac ion has been taken.—Carried.
Whereas this Council proposed to improve certain roads contained within the limits of the municipality, by macadam-
K'B'Sw A:“." I Five Dollars per cord will be paid by the
undersigned for any quantity of Poplar
and Basswood Pulpwood delivered at
any siding or station along the C. P. R.,
Pontiac line.
D
Q
a
d

m
!
3
TRADE MARK
I
bonds
of BEAVER BOARD*
tjT Can be applied iu any season. | |g
Anyone handy with tools by following instructions can apply it.
Is pure Wood Filire through-1 In
out	11 -
Ql NO CRACKS
ü
<1i)'8
$
• I	Are ever seen in walls and
SI	eeitincs made of Besver
U|	Board. Durable, beauti-
q|	ful, sanitary. Forty-one
advantages. Call and see how it looks.
For sale by
R. G. HODGINS.
A big congres! of the Anglican Church 1 include the whole of Canada, is planned f i Winnipeg in 1316. The object is to -timulate interest in the work of the church and pave the way for the building of a magnificent cathedral in Winnipeg in 1920 to mark the 100th annlvereaay of the establishment of the Church of England in the Canadian Vest.
5
D
PEERLESS OVERALL CO Rock Island, P. Q.
I
•I
;
i

on
Sold by
R. G. HODGINS. 0
o
5
G. F. HODGINS CO. Shawville.
9
IL-
The commission to inquire into the Kid press of Ireland disaster will first meet at Quebec on Tuesday, June 16, and will be composed of Lord Mersey ms chairman ; Sir Adolphe Routhier and Chief Justice McLeod, judges. The nau-foal assessors will be Captain Demers of Montreal, now chief wreck commissioner, of Canada ; Engineer Commander Howe of the Canadian naval service ; Professor John Welch, naval architect, of Newcastle on-Tyne, and F. W. Caborne, of the R yal Naval Reserve.
MARKET -r PU LP WOOD
McCORMICK WARE ROOMS
which are to be made and improved within a period of six years
No. 1.—Utter Like Hoad, from Shaw-ville north to Thorne town line, 7 mi’es. Ou of Armstrong's pit, to grsvel the tint 24 miles.
No. 2—The 7th concession line from the Oiter Lake road east to the Bristol Town Line—3 miles.
No. 3—Calumet K ad from Shawville
Three hundred and fifty industries I east to Bristol Line—24 miles.
No. 4—From Shawville south, passing hy the Lily Factory and Zion Church to Front road at Jno. Armstrong's—6 miles. No. 5—From Shawville south to Front
Howard Block, Centre St., Shawville.
Farmers’ Requirements
Buggies, Expresses and Waggons
in the following innkes :
Campbells Bay.|#m> (Jrey £ $011, gain, IVjunro & McIntosh.
LAWN BROS,
l.teed their doors in the State of New
Turk alone during the past six months.
The reason assigned by the manufacturers
is ihat they have been unable to stand I road, known as the Heath road, (includ-unfair competition to which they are sub- ing the branch to Zion Chureh)-6 milee.
jtwtad by the Wilaou-Vnderwood tariff. Th^jor( H ^ m .* Yi 1Ô» >S c h n d Of IScHOOl Property Vlilted Hiatus are now earned and spent N0. g_ From Shawrille west, to pesa I Municipality of StiawnlU will be sold by
:.r™	EZl" ,%%r
K:uited Slates. Canada can profit by the ' 1	9 _ F llwiford north-west TheS9 lut* ,r* w"‘ of lbe M<thl>dl"
Church property.
4Iso, Lot bearing cadastral number
put forward in the Houae of Common. I mLw o^A^ncuiture. (jîebee*be ad- ,,,e/1 f°“r	of'tL^'iv rev
like a waterfall on the desert. That the work to be done, and an estimate of Saturday, une	4 g
.«per says •	the cost of same when prepared be for- ****** ot,*B .
"sc, »...
•lESrs-vrjtü 1 «—“>-.•*--***
secure that they will have the sympathy and support of the people of Canada.
)
HARNESS!
AUCTION SALE
Benjamin CansUnt.
Benjamin Constant, having sided with Napoleon during the hundred days, felt the need of justifying himself when Louts XVIII. returned to He wrote the king a letter
A complete stock of Harness constantly kept on hand. We carry the durable kind made by WILSON and CARSON - no better for the money.
power
with that end in view and called upon Mme. Recam 1er to discuss the subject. She asked him quietly: “Have you finished your letter?"
STABLE FITTINGS!
Hay Fork Outfits. Litter Carriers, Steel Stalls and Stantions
"Yes "
"Are you satisfied with it?" "Entirely satisfied. I have almost persuaded myself."
Horses Bought and Sold.
road to the Litch
along Campbells Bay held town line—5 miles
experience
JOHN L. HODGINS.
Little Things.
Life is made up not of great sacrifices to duties, but little things. In which smiles and kindnesses and small obligations given habitually are what win and preserve the heart and secure comfort.—Sir H. Davy.
After the dry, hackneyed arguments
Misfortunes.
It's an old French saying that “misfortunes are in morals what hitters are In medicine. Each is at first disagreeable, hut as the hitters act as corroborant to the stomach, so adversity chastens the disposition."
i
ENGLISH
f
WATCHES
REPAIRED
eu
BEE KEEPERS’
Progressive Chinese City.
The city of Canton, China, with a million and a half inhabitants, has no place for a street railway system. Canton Is one of the wealthiest and most progressive of all the Chinese cities it	very much like
To have such an excursion it is necee- Everyth mg in the line of tin-to- modem street railway system. But •ary to advise the Passenger department | date Bee-keepers’ Supplies, as space within the ancient walls of the C. P. Rtilwsy some time in ad- follows	and fortifications Is so crowded that
Quebec, June 2 An official statement Vance and arrange suitable da’es, etc. I SECTIONS, BROOD FOUNDATION, many of the so-called streets are but was issued by the Canadian Paesnc Rail- The Secretary of the Society forwarded	a„.TMlV PnrviiatioV	narrow alleys, not even wide enough
y this evening giving the exact figures the necessary information early in Apiil. |	,	"	for two sedan chairs to pass. There
f the casualties on the Empress of Ire- Everything was arranged to the satisfac- , SEPARATORS • MOKBRS ^ no room for horses and carriages, l.nd ai ascertained to date.^ These show tion of the College and the Railway Co.;	SUPERS.	and certainly not sufficient space for
that out of the total of 1,476 passengers the only festure that was not satisfsetory	n	. v .	IMfl a narrow-gauge railway. But the Chl-
.u»d crew, 452 were saved. and 1,024 Was the increase in fare. This was in- HiV0 Bodies and rt mu'* 1 ' nese engineers are not so easily baf-i»wr. The rescued comprise 36 first class, | creased about $1.10 per adult ticket.	| correc tly.	fled and Canton will have Its electric
47 seco nd class. 136 third class and 233 The Society was required to e'gn a .	.	° “ T, .	. ,, j railway It is planned to tear down
Officers and crew. The missing inciude guarantee bond that the excursion tickets Any Of then novo vs ill to iU'l v <‘<	Bncient stone walls and fortifiai first class, 200 second class, 582 third ao|4 would net the Railway Co. $627.50	within a	reasonable	distance	oattaifi irtilrh encircle the entire city,
and 180 officers and crew. The | This amount was the same as in 1912 L	, , The material from these walls will
entifiad dead include 22 first class, 311 The following will show how the rates Order» by mail promptly attended ^ UBed t0 some of the old canals second c ase and 12 officers and crew, have advanced, taking Shawville as i	*°-	which traverse	the city.	A three-
This list was complete up to s late hour ! basis	H STEWART,	track belt line will be constructed on
this evening, but may be altered by liter Firel excareioD	return $1.90	R. M. R No. 1,	the site of the old walk completely
developments.	| s d ».	"	2 35	Shawville, Une. encircling the city, and the old canal
PrupoMd far, for 1914	»	3.45 I	tite. wUl be need for feeder line.
At the Directors' meeting, May 1st, the committee were authorized to cancel excursion, unless better rates were cured. This wss impossible and the ex
The Municipal Council of Bristol met	carej0n has been cancelled.	of Clarendon, consisting of 113 scree, and	cold comfort
vn the above date. Present, the Mayor	It Is with a feeling of regret that	this ' well equipped with all necessary build-	fort—that Is	to	say,	no	comfort	at
Mr. W. C. Young, and Councillors Wood excursion has been cancelled, but as the	ings and fencing ; also is in	• good state	all.
It. Campbell, Horner, McGuire and D. ' Society is already considerably in debt,	of cultivation	It is convenient to school,	“ What, said	a bachelor	to a ben*
ChËHHpB»' *	lit was not considered advisable to take I cherches and poet office. Anyone seek*
Minutes of previous meeting read and	the risk under the circumstances.	ing s good farm will make no mistake m	so blue?'	___.
•idopted on notion of couns. D. Camp-	If parties who are disappointed by	this	this one, as it will be sold at a very low Ah, but.'	groan*	!	?	v	ro	ü	?
B- It	I action of the committee will write the I prie*. If necessary the machinery raty I never Imagined that a wife wou d
Moved by couns. McGuire and Horner : undersigned re. the number who might be purchased with farm.	pro** so expei^v*
: bat Giorff Lacas be appoint ^ path» \ , ve gone from this district, increased Apply to ROBT, J. Bt RGES8,	The hac • l»r	the blue ttSS*
ti.asier in Div. No. 40 instead of W. H. ratM considered, this Information would I	Y arm P. O, Que rled man on the back In a consolatory
Mi ueseau ; alan T. J. Murdock Instead be 0f advantage for another year, if an of P. Kelly in Div. No. 48	| excursion is thought of.
Goun. Young now took hie seat at the
bend.
A petition was presented asking that the Third concession he opened op from
Line of Onslow Petition laid over for further consider-
Vv
SUPPLIES
4
Explanation re. Cancellation of
Excursion to Macdonald
College.
c
THE ST. LAWRENCE TRA
GEDY.
FOR SALE !
1,024 Lost ;	452 Saved

We make a specialty of repairing English Watches ; also Striking Watches, Horse Timers, and any kind of Watch. Bring us the won’t go kind, we can put it in order at a moderate cost. We also repair Clocks of all kinds
WH

HANS SHADEL
Bristol Council Minutes
Lasting.
"Tour suggestion." said a depoel-
A desirable Farm on Lot 5, 10:h range tor to the bank receiver, "offers very
It Is a bachelor's com-
FARM FOR SALE
Watchmaker, Jeweler and Optician.
Bristol, June 1, 1914.
THE MARKETS
VCR SS Y CARS'.
EXPERIENCE 4
Patents

FI
0 to #5.75. Wheat, pei bushel, 85 to 87c.
Oat#, per bushel, 48c.
Butter, tube, prints and roi • I Sc Potatoes per bag. 1.85.
Kg** per dosen I Sc,
Pork per 100 Ibe. 0.50 to 10.00. Hides per 100 lbs,8.00 Pelts 40 to65 cent each Wool per lb. 85c to 25c Hay per ton #16.00
I
If
way
PUBLIC NOTICE
But then
sire article ; that Is true you must remember that she lasts a very long Vme."
R. W. Hodoins,
Secretary
Province of Quebec, Municipality of V arendon.
Public Notice ie hereby are will be held on Honda
Ss
ftSSBSSrS
tmmwmtm
am Pitiou
given that y, the sixth
day of the month of July, 1914, at the
A complaint was received frees MrTl N	~	w.»,,,.,™,, I hour of ten in the morning, iu the office
Aid. M.ldrum regsrdiog the condition No' 8x1 S'-11*»"» D1 râAireTOW*. of tbe secreUry, in the eill.ge of 8b»*-of the road on side line opposite Lots 17 Grade III, Model — Ernest Luoam. ville, a meeting of the proprietors of real end 18. range 6. Secretary instructed Annie Lunam, Sybl Lunsm, Edna Brown, estate of this Municipality of C araodon. to write the pathmaster of the division to | Grade IV, Elem.—Victoria Bennett, | entered a# each on the Valuation R »11
Moved by coune. Horner and V j »
advice about fences I Brown
The next time you have baked ap*
SCHOOL REPORTS
plot try this way of cooking them:
Wash, then core the applee ; fill the holes with boiled rice or hominy; sprinkle sugar, a grate of nutmeg
all dot of butter on top of

A

and a
ssstsft*
•11 their school taxes
with the
Etta Lunam, Willie Lunam.	and having pa d
Grads ill—Margaret Lenam, Mabel and contributions, to
Thefollowingare last Saturdays qnot*
••ns :
proceed
'	"111: e
for basting
Place the apples in an agate dish
obstructing the peffic road* Moved by
that we obtain
Better. In prints 87c to Better In palls 85 to Me.
Grade I—Echlin Bennett, Peter Luo the room end eteid of Thomas Palmer,
and bake until tender, basting several
11 hen done lift them carefully with a cooking fork Into n glass dish.
D. Csmpboll aod »m
tim
FOR SERVICE
Eggs, fresh, oerdosen U ie
Primer II Mey Lunam.
Primer f—Ed. Lunsm, Carl Ebert.
...
Pork, per 100 lbs #1100 to 18.80 Beef, per 100 lbs, #10.00 to 1100 Oat#, per bushel,
Hay pertoa 17.00to 10.00
Roes street, Norwa
Given et Shawville this 8th day of
lot a job
I
»
Bay, from side road between lofe 8 end
Cent
r. Apply to NORVAL KIIjOOVR,
7th Line, <’lsrend

HUGH MATHKSON.
Bec T
All
Lizzie A. Btsmtsms
brush to be eet sod etompe polled, sod
###PAGE###5###

I
THE EQUITY,
nanger 8. waiters experimented with bottles last season under most favorable conditions, but failed to even produce a spark of fire. A piece of broken mirror exposed to the sun started a fire on a trail where It might have proved disastrous, had It not been noticed by parties passing that way. Tin cans exposed to sun j rays are said to produce Are. How-over, there Is reason to believe this is one of the tales of the camp-fire, easily told and as easily forgotten.
Conscience.
A man's first care should be to ivoid the reproaches of his own aeart; bis next to escape the censures of the world
'ere with the former it ought to be entirely neglected, but otherwise .here cannot be a greater satisfaction to an honest mind than to see hose approbations which It gives itself seconded by the applause of the public. A man is more sure of bis ;onduct when the verdict which It >suises upon his own behavior Is thus varranted and confirmed by the opin-on of all that know him.—Addison.
f f\ Weekly Journal devoted to lots! Interests*
Published eVery Therein y
\t Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
0
PAINT
The best way to keep
Is

Sr ASCRIPTION, #1 A Y K A R IN ADVANCE
iW All arrears must be paid up before any paper is discontinued. ,«
Cool and Comfortable.
a
The Best You Can Use
n
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cent* per line for 1st Insertion and 8 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business card# not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without In etruntionH accompanying them will be* sorted until forbidden and charged accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pnb-(shed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Absolutely the most economical. It spreads easier, thus saving time in painting. It covers more surface per gallon—thus taking less paint for the job. It lasts longer, because it contains more Linseed Oil.
This is why “O.P.W ” Paint actually costs less in the end.
Girls want Dresses
" The hot weather makes it necessary for the girls to have plenty of cool Summer Dresses of good quality Ginghams, Ohambrays and Linens. Buy several for your daughter.
$1.00 to $4.00.
If the last Inter-
The paint ie like Ike emile
(
off.
9
for
Ottawa Faint Work»
OTTAWA
Ottawa Paint Wears
wh.r. Other Paint Won’t.
Dickson. Ft. Coulonge, • Colton, Bros. Shaw ville,1 • W. A. Hod gins. *
Children’s Little Wash Dresses
Excellent Little Wash Dresses for Children. The price will prove a pleasant surprise $ to mothers 50 and 75 cents.
m CHANGED SCHOOLS
• W. H.
Quyon,
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
Orders by mail
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher.
cheaply executed, promptly attended to.
frfME. NOIVTEMONI’S SYSTEM HAS WORKED A REVOLUTION.
MONUMENTS !
Italian Woman Who Teaches Children While They Are at Play Has Accomplished Marvels In the Development of the Young Mind and Her Method Is Being Copied In Every Part of the Globe.
The title of "the most Interesting woman In Europe" has been bestowed upon Mme. Maria Montessori, the Italian lady doctor whose system of teaching children has astonished the educational world.
She became attracted to the problem when, as assistant doctor at a Roman clinic, she noticed that feebleminded children were herded with those who were actually insane. The sufferings of the fairly intelligent infants so Impressed her that she threw up her medical work to take charge of an asylum for deficient ind feeble-minded children, intending to conduct it on new principles she had thought out. The result was lramatlc. One of her pupils, originally supposed to be half-witted, was sent, after her training, to the ordinary public school and passed in with higher marks than any of his companions.
This happened several times, and lime. Montessori realized that her system must be considerably superior to the one followed by most preparatory schools. She decided to apply It to normal children, and re-entered the University of Rome for three {rears to supplement her knowledge, it seemed to her the whole world of children were crying for help.
In 1907, In one of the poorest districts of Rome, inhabited by the ricious and criminal, she opened her 8rst school. To all appearance it Is lust a large nursery, where children either sit In little chairs or sprawl at heir ease on rugs playing with wooden blocks, pieces of colored silk, Duttons and other fascinating objects to the child mind.
Oae of them is engaged In a new and absorbing game. He has In front of him smooth pieces of card-ward on each of which is a letter in
Professional Cards.
Before purchasing your Monument consult the
Children’s Rompers
Age 2 to 6 years at 25 and 35c. Good washing and wearing goods in Ohambray and Linens—a splendid bargain at the price, 25 and 35c
Hammocks
No matter how high the temperature goes you can keep cool in a well shaded hammock. Our range is the best in the town, All are good string materials of lasting and good
colors.
SHAWVILLE
AND GRANITE WORKS
DR. A. H. BEERS
Nothing too small.
Nothing too large.
SURGEON DENTIST
Campbell» Bat
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
- Qv*.
Fencing and Cemetery Work a Specialty.
Proprietor.
T. SHORE
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
R. A. DRAPEAU, LL. L
Ville Marie - - - Que.
THE SEASON IS ON FOR
8. A. MACKAY
Roofing, Sheeting And all kinds of out door Tin-work.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville, - - - Que.
0. F. HODCINS 00.
Estimates of anything in this line cheerfully furnished.
All orders executed with a view to giving satisfaction
R. MILLAR, L. L L
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.
J
TENDERS
FOREST FIRES.
1 Tender, will b. received by the ander-
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTIR. ADVOCATE, *C | .,ggon from the Lily Cheeee Factory
and loading	st C. 1* Kail way
Station. Shawville ; to have shipping bill filled out and given to the Secretary.
ate price per box
E. T. HO
Announcement
To the Farmers and Horsemen of Pontiac
Park Ranger Blame# Lightning and Railroads For Damage.
How do forest fires originate? This Is a question that Is frequently asked, and a question upon which opinions differ to a great extent Ask the guides that are always to be found at the summer resorts In Algonquin Provincial Pork, and their answer, ninety-nine out of a hundred times, will be "tourists." With them the tourist Is the all-guilty party. When a fire occurs, the first guide to hear of It will Invariably charge It up to a tourist "traveling without guides," says Mark Robinson In Toronto Saturday Night.
However, it is my intention to give a few facts gleaned from my private diary, covering a period of six years’ service on the Algonquin Provincial park ranging force at Joe Lake on the O. T. R., this point being the gateway to the north and south of the Park. There are fairly good chances to make notes on the question. During the past five years, lightning caused forty per cent, of all fire# In the section patrolled. Sixty per cent, of the large fires in the park season of 11H are traced to lightning. Twenty-four per cent, of fires are charged up to railroad engines, employes, etc. The burning of old tl* * and rubbish along the track has caused a few of our worst fires.
[ have been told that the desolate fire-etrie ken country along the Mada-waska river, which the Canada Atlantic branch of the O. T. R. follows, Is due In a large measure to care I
in burning old ties, etc., along the road, and to engines dropping firs from fire boxes, as well as sparks from the flues.
There are other causes that no doubt cause many of the fires charg-sd to engines and employes. Among them Is the cigarette. Many times have men and boys, smoking a cigar or cigarette at the open windows of trains, cast out the lighted stub The breese from the rushing train carrl U out far enough to reach the dry grass, and the result Is a fire charged up to trainmen or sectiona
Guide# have been responsible for three per cent, of the fires In this period. Campe were destroyed in two instances with all equipment. The guides dropped out of the park
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday.
His es e * have just purchased from Mr. Alex. McLaren, of
oiindfoided, which is part of the fun, | Buckingham, the renowned Trotting Stallion
and his chubby finger traces over the sandpaper outline, of which he has been told the name. He follows the outline again and again, until be lardly needs the rough surface for guidance. He Is learning to write!
& few days hence, when the letter s called, the muscles of his little land will Instinctively move In the ight direction.
If he feels bored, which really means tired, he will tear off his isndage and ask for something else :o play with. That Is the whole secret of Dr. Montessori’s system She develops the Infant mind naturally, encouraging it to awaken from within rather than learn from wlth-
Tendera to st
INS, Secrriary.
It
Shawville, June 8ih, 1014.
I
Trespass Notice
GEO. C. WRIGHT

<
All partis# are hereby foehldden to cut gs^g^mmgmÈAmmmgfipnner
[wo. 11 in the
Parties found
¦âiMnereii. ac-

/

ever rm Lit S. e. Hit? <
7th range of Bristol.
§o doing after this notice will be dealt with according to law.
8AM. SMILEY,*
196 Main St. - Hull.
v
I am stationed
Owner
GEORGE HYNESj Weirstead, June 2,1914.

Larabie, the Great
(Record 2.121)
For Sale
>Ut
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention. Open allhours.
Because the children are not forced and driven, they learn to love
school, and come gladly, even Im- ¦ ——.	¦.	^—U- --------------------------------
planting a desire for knowledge in and will place him at service of horse breeders during present season.
±e hearts of their parents. One day	r	...
i child at home, seeing a plate of Larabie i* ft rich bay horse, lt$ hands high anti weighs 1300 po >read and butter on the table, cried Without doubt he is one of the most noted trotting stallions tna >ut, "Rectangle," and when the ever been brought into Canada, and has demonstrated his ability to mother cut off a piece with a knife reproduce speedy as well as high-class show horses, he child said, "Triangle." The whole La rabies turf career has been exceptionally brilliant, and his 'amity were curious and came round ret.or(j |Q the show ring has been marked with phenomenal success. •« know what the words meant.	He has won some great races at Detroit, Cleveland, New York, Ro-
Rougb and drunken parents who tester, and other places in the United States. To the breeder, who
r ,h“ n
tchool. Mothers became intorest^d n the mysteries of writing, and dmldly visited the school to acquire Jie art themselves.
Pupils began to deeplse playthings >ecause they gave no chance to ex irclse their reasoning faculties, but ;hey would preserve any odd scrap >f paper that contained food for
bM^ marrenou, of all wa. th. A.dolh.rU.m,	'	^
m prove ment In the health of the by reporting at onee to the undersigned
•hildren. They grew plump and Soy violation of the Game Law you be rigorous. and looked like the off .	! r g of healthy parents living in
he country rather than ml tee from
Vacant village lot on King St„ village of Shawville, alongside Methodist church property. Terms made known on appll
cation.	__
----- ¦ SAMUEL SMILEY,
We Instead, P. O., Que
unds. at has

SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
PUBLIC NOTICE
Is hereby given that the undermen
boita!" ?hé*1 eppîicvît*mjû in fieri Fâciu De Boni* Et De Terris,
the Dominion Lande Agency
TC, i j'-ncy for the District. Entry I [n the Circuit Court at Chapeau,
fcwükaz eapwra;1
agentl on certain conditions.	I Province of Quebec, |
Duties.-Six months residence upon District of Pontiac.) and cultivation of the land In each of	No. 69.	I
three years. A homesteader may live WILLIAM H. POUPORE and WAL within nine miles of his homestead on a LaCK DONALD, doing business at
farm of at least SO acres, on certain eondl- the Chapeau Village. In the district of lions. A habitable house is required In pontlsc, under th* name and style of every case, except when residence Is per	Mrm of Poupore S >1« l)onald. f’laln-
formed In the vicinity.	é .	. I tiffs ; va. GREGOIRE MA YLONKY, of
In certain districts a homesteader in chapeau Village, in the District of
j pre-empt a quarter- Pontiac. blacksmith, now residing In section alongside his homestead . Price Cobalt, in the Province of Ontario De #( <*> P#r acre. Duties-Six months reri^ ^ndant.
£~ " -«SBffiS 5 kSsSlS
SSUSS: I
G. A. HOWARD, Shawville.
TEACHERS WANTED
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
at
P*
Two Protestant Teachers, holding Elementary Diplomas, for Diaa'tSchools No. 1 and 8,
Duties to commence 17th August next. Applications to be sent to the undersign, ed before the 90th of June, stating expert-OBOPBO ‘ salary wanted.
JOHN STEVENSON,
Sac. -Trees., Campbells Bay, Que.
ence and
aware of. Liberal compensation paid for convicting evidence rDependence strict’y private and coofi
All cor
.he heart of the slums
CONCRETE
A happier school never existed, and It Is now being copied all over the world. Teachers of all Ulties visit Mme. Mon
dental
N. McCUAIC
gg###*u
rl to learn
nsAS™*1
of reference
Bryson, January, 1913
WORK
EXECUTED.
on thr
the guides, they are ¦ park service Glass bottles, ate., cast
ping sitae, when
adopt It.
After the Meeeiaa earthquake the

with
to the strong rays of the eun
TEACHER WANTED
ell as
ad and cared for three hundred wild
ther are said to start fires
In dry
Cowrmen Mixes and are now in
and half-civilised girl orphans who
l have found fires started where hot
Qualified Protestant Teacher for AM field School We. ..	__
June », tfh&. Salary stated on applies
ved from the wrecked
sad
ship# to do all kinds of
villages, and elti
either by contract or by the hour.
ladi
It, with all their a uns deliberately adopt a new sys-
nto
that source
For full particulars apply to
of 1911 1
During the dry
watched dtff
Mm
t bottles that
JA$. I, â JOHN A. DUN
BERNARD J. SLOAN
WM. C. 9TKNDER,
W. W. CORY
tern of education, there most be
In
Sr»
r.5

exceptionally strong points to
ltk,^ae
of

I,ad

N.B.—Unauthorised publlcatlene of
It


33
###PAGE###6###

On* short extract from the long de- Then she broke Into » l»ea1 of soft »U-sniptlon In the chief morning paper of very laughter, which reamed Suddeni> the lay following what Uovernor Cav- as ahe turned grave, and with comic no-vmtlHh considered to be a necessary. but lenmlty rased Into hla nice, and whovu
¦SMB
o\ersklrt of rich cardinal point lace. |JKp s,, lbr whn,. t|ic |„Uelr of her name: pearl Jewelry on her neck and arma, and • %jnv May May- Mav' white rosebuds In her hair.	"There, dearest- there, helmed, that i
She received her father'* guest» with wm do. You take poor May's breath “Ah, dearest, you know I am only a *11 in,, grace of girlhood, and yet with a g way. Besides, same one might come | poor dependant. I must not even ac- dignity that seemed beyond her years. j„ There, darling, let me go. She main, cept all the favors that are offered me. ^he wan charmingly supported In her j gently extricating herself <•»« ont I i lest I wear favor out. I must stay here j onerous duties by the brilliant little did not mean to call you l**t names to-day, and make myself useful. In a beautv. Mr*. Urey who was elegantly at- either air! You don’t deserve them one word. 1 must pour out the old gentle-j tired |n * trained dream of black velvet, bit! You are an awful young man a man a cocoa at Ills luncheon time. It, with an upper skirt of black satin, trim- perfectly awful young man! A regular la his daughter s duty, of course, but med with black llruaeele Imre. She wore >oung Othello! To doubt me I muet do It "	I Jet Jewelry on neck and arms, and the said, relapsing Into burlesque gravity
Now this was a falsehood, for Gov- atarrv while flower» of the fragrant and solemnly shaking her head
^w5.fî^b5t°rôn7.nM\Vm«|ef°wÛii '	"" dU,k>	how	1 bel"» ttj R~.ll
........*..",	a
absolutely pen in- B|Udying very hard. I shall study harder jt |H rumored that our Illustrious chief one wuw them. And this morning to
still for your sake In a year l hope to magistrate will soon lead to the hy-.eee tpet paragraph!- -the announcement graduate In law Then 1 shall be called m*mal altar the beautiful and accom- Qf your approaching marriage with the .	to the bar. With the prestige of my piishetl Mrs. tirey. now the guest of hi# governor. Oh, May. can you wonder
that >ou father’s great name, and with the dill- daughter at the executive mansion.	that 1 was driven nearly mad, he plead
penniless j gent uge 0f *Uch abilities as Heaven	—	-¦	»	ed. with his eyes on her».
has bestowed upon me. I hope soon to	ru, inren XXIX	"No: 1 wonder at nothing von can do
get into a lucrative practice, and even	'	,	/	"	for you are a horrid young man. a
I to rise high In my profession. Then. The appearance of the startling para- dreadful young Othello! 1 shall expect
m&Sr* ™if Hissff: % e
\ml at that moment mhe almost meant lnv,	atRK! study and laid It be-1 me	* darlHS/'* sV whispered, as
ÿîLQJrjsag
dearest dear, lell me again I am >	The sexagenarian statesman blushed her feet and bowing his head over her
‘only beloved, that I may know I sm |j|te H schoolgirl, as he answered:	I hand, as if to give more solemnity to word she spoke warn false,
not dreaming!" he breathed, drawing her|	. xt v dear daughter. It Is true, and yet XOvr.	There was a pause, during which she
closer to hlr side.	i not true. I hope to make It entirely | And at that moment the door opened, looked up In his face with an expression
"My only beloved. she sighed, m	tru(l but l have not yet spoken very	*„d Governor Cavendish entered	the	0f innocent expectation on here, while
..	. ...	tones that thrilled him through, and re-	definitely to the lady, of whose favor-	room, and stood gazing upon	them	In	fie passed his hand once or twice over
"Old widow of seventeen.	»	>.ou	inalned with him all that da.x.	abb* response l am. of cornée, as yet	amazement.	.	hts corrugated brow In troubled thought,
lovely child It would be the most like-|	<|*be musical laughter and the patter-	uncertain. But. mv beloved child, now	Alien I,ytton. with his back toward	*nd then he laid	the same hand In
By thing In the world that he should <jo	jng feet 0f the young ladles were heard	that this subject is broached between	* be door, and his eyes fixed In fond ad	benediction upon her beautiful head, and
fo and win your affections to boot.	H* they were returning.	us.	let me know how you feel about It.	miration on the face of his beloved, did	murmured:
?abl the governor, gravely.	"They are coming " he murmured	as	| would not. even to secure the comfort	not perceive the presence of the Intru-	"May. my child, I was an unwilling
"Oh. no!" responded the widow, shak- b#> #Hatched one fiery, impassioned kiss of my declining years, give my daugh- der behind him.	witness for an Instant, to a little scene
tng her pretty head, "he could never win	.x)h ||*yj *b. sweetest! I shall not	en-	ter	one moment s uneasiness So come.	Mary Urey, with her face toward the	|n (he drawing-room this morning.'
my heart. 1 could never love one so	joy (bis ride at all without you!"	my	child, lell me your thought. Are	door, saw the governor without seem-	He paused and sighed profoundly, while
much younger than myself."	i op %e* l hope you will." she an- you willing to receive this sweet, young tng to see him. with one quick and	looked up at him In surprise ami
“Younger than yourself, my child.	*Wt.rv<i Por ; like to see vou enjoy	friend and companion of yours, so near	quickly withdrawn glance. But mhe did	expectancy, for It	was no part of her
Why. he is not younger than you! Quite	% ourself even though l may not be able	your ow n age. too. Into a still more In-	not lose her presence of mind for an in-	policy to let him	know that ahe knew
the contrary! You are but	seventeen; I	:	eilar<l Vour pleasure For, ah me! I	tlmale and permanent relation?'	slant. Smiling as sweetly as	ever	up-	()f his entrance Into the drawing room
he Is almost twenty-one"	mim elaÿ here and attend to the old	Km ms burst Into tears, and wept amt	tm her young adorer, she look	his hand.	al the critical moment of which
mmwm
Ï !r V.ru JvVJ , . hi/	this angel to m> bosom he sighed	('gvendlsh drawing Ills daughter upon been seen by herself. She felt much re-j
ani/unja:. u. "aîsiï'Iü'bx\r	'
W.h - b. ,"5Com.SPXM*rnan,W, »r,	c.„	ltd'TovT''\n5
who could deserve su< h Laura from the front hall.	then she said:	I T do trust you. May. my
1	"ilood-by! good-by, dearest	one I am	“No, no. dearest papa, do not with-	trust you utterly!"
|	* 7?ary".	.	i	...	leaving you for a few hours,	and I feel	draw from any act that Is goln* to make	The chime of silver	laughter, and the
In the crivls of a sentimental love JUI though l were leaving you for years,	you happy. l>eateat papa. 1 only desire pattering of light feet announced the sp-	Mrajri
scene, there Is often a ridiculous inter- he whispered In a low voice, as he left	>our happiness I have no thought or proach ôf their youthful companions ) i .nd in	hls
ruptton. Just as Mary Grey lifted hot the pretty widow	wish bevond that."	And soon the door opened, and Bmma.	pressed the little soft hand once,
long lashes and fixed her dark eyes on j And thus It was that Mary Ure> msn- “But 1 had hoped that even you. my I .sura and Klectra oatne in.	ancl then relinquished It as he continu-
those of	the	governor	to cpnvey	the	*ved to retain the love and	confidence	beloved child, might be made much hap * "The three Graces! '	exemimed	Mrs.	e(j
Mattering	answer that she could	not	ut-j	of p^th her suitors, although	they were	pier by my marriage with Mary Grey."	Orer, as she held out	her hand	hypo-	»for I had dared to love you! dared
ter with her lip», a ringing voice was both under the same roof with her. She	To this Km ma made no reply. I critically to welcome them, as If they	eVen l0	hops	for a	return	of	love!	Yes.
heard outside, exclaiming:	contrived never to see both at the same	"Bow Is It with you. my child" Tell, had come from a long Journey. Instead	&(ay! j	e veteran	of sixty	years,	with
' I'll ask hlm. 1 dare say he will „me unless there were several other me * our inmost thought/’ said the gov- of from the upper rooms of the man- ~y hair and a grown daughter, dar-
And the door was thrown open, and Elec, persons present to divide attention >r«of.	4 e.	"Ioil 'The three Gracae!"	ed to love yon audio hope that you in
tra sprang In -eyes and teeth flashing when alone with Governor Cavendish nearest papa. ! have told you my. "AndXenus! The group la complete.	your youth aud beauty might pos-
and gleaming	! lhe H,>oke slightingly of Alder Lytton. Inmost thought. It Is for your happl- added Alden. gallantly.	sibly return my love! H was folly and
"Well, my dear, wlmt can Ï do for aH a |ieeV|eh boy much too young to he ness alone. „ .	’Really. A Idem you have grown» to presumption."
you?" Inquired the governor, endeavor- thought of hs a* lover bv her.	i ilut 1,1 regard to Mrs. Grey, my dear be uuite a courtier said Laura	“No. no." she murmured In tender
tng to recover hls composure.	When alone with Aldan Lytton she . Bear papa. Just now I have not con Since 1 have been at this Court of tones-»Not so! Not mo! It was a
Let me have Blue Blazes' to ride this	ball contemptuous pity of fl<1f,nc* ,n that lady.’ sadly replied Km- Beauty, yes/’ retorted the young man ; great honor Intended me!” t
H«ie mue mazes.	I |t WM t() b|e hl„ excellenc> e last New mind me at all. 1 am no more than a go now and smooth down the rumpled t0 t>e iny wife, madly hoping to trans-
year s reception. He was to retire from foolish. Inexperienced girl Y.uu, *rV* feathers of my old bird But I must p|ent you. you beautiful exotic flower.
WëSrz ESiSgiïiSSiliilSSlS‘ISiliEf!
a long whistle. "Ami Miss Lytton?" sem-e In the drawing-room for a private ,irF|>H|r *** pacing up and down the yea?—to visit a DNf family whom
"Oh. she puts up with Susy Brown.’ ’ interview on business foi a	m,n* drawing-room floor. He had Just read wish to relieve! That’s it."	|	I saw there at your feet a lover.
m.B	'"fiSnlSi	^Hh
, r,,e tv morning ?"	Into the drawing-room, where ahe found cd maledictions through hla met teeth and sank down Into hls study chair, her own and gazed In Msfkm with
out to the lunatic aevlum."	Mr- Vsve^dlsh alone, and walking up behaving altogether more like a luna-. dropped hie heed upon hie open hands. | well-felgeed smazement as she said
mwræm	- 3™ sasssk
r2UL.v“WUI nf>l lnt*rfere W,th	We f,,e	“Huch. sweet friend. I» the character	-| ,hall kill myself, or him!" with a	The	door	opened	and	Mary	Grey	float-	A	»w irquuiiltjinrr.	women	and	men. who, on approaching
wVUlf«?l ’rhlldrew' 2nd vou onlv a	iron.ly. wl<1ow<‘d ele!wLwlt1h me. to add	front the false siren, and have the truth	He	was	profoundly	shaken	bv her	un- l,sggv	trousers "I’m	not very well Cigarettes	In	the	other.	A distinguish-
«iSîsa «s1	of h"eoul only to l,wl vrJzrji
not been disciplined by sorrow as l have M d motber is too Infirm to leave her, then went and rang the bell with a Jerk	hhe spoke In a sweet, truthful tone. I introduce me to him and tell tlim
to; isssstThra1 ïn,r.«r:	foo,men h"mi	awar/ni :» »<* * b-r*Ur
’	,/'L^ œ îssr?r,;L,heNKr,ïïU tz ;nr.1 - z	...... ei,h
happy and bewitching In their	piquant	Lobsbly but little If any older than my	The fu«»tmse bowed, and went on hie
riding habits and h«is	Emma, still you have been married, and	,,TnV'fw for Th.a -#>u, A .
Th!nK^erK	C,r tmdeOWMrsand<lrye°,U‘ T MB'	**'
Ing visitors on ont dal business and he sweet one. that 1 could persuade you to * we* already a few minutes behind time change that name
and ride with the >ou about that Just sow L»f Mrs. Grey. i good to me as It Is But now 1 wish to 1! Oh, no! They do not need m». know whether you cam aid me le and I prefer to finals here, at answered the siren.
The governor smiled as ebe knew be would be, far would hurry through with hie official ! neetly business and soon rejoin her. and Inevitably speak the words that she thought would eeel her brilliant destiny "Well, young ladles
If-

1
E

The Wanderer’s Return
r
y
i
Sugar
Or, A Change of Fortune.
does make the bread and butter taste good !”
T is when you spread it out on bread or pancakes, fruit or porridge, that you notice most the sweetness and perfect purity of REDPATH Extra Granulated Sugar. Buy it in the 2 and 5-lb. Sealed Cartons, or in the 10,20, 50 or 100-lb. Cloth Bags, and you’ll get the genuine Jtyôa,absolutely clean, juft as it left the refinery.
CANADA SUGAR REFINING CO„ LIMITED, • MONTREAL.
(Continued)
CHATTER XXV 11
\\ ,.]| but I don't see "	' the l>re-
A cat may look at
sumption comes in a king, or a queen, even."
“Hut If ho should have the—misfortune. we will vail It. to fall In lo' e so far above hla degree why, young la'\, • such rare young ladles as Alts»
human, and ahe might
There.

l She wore young Othello I jet Jewelry on neck and urine, mid the said.
aturry white
I
even
Cavendish, are possibly return hls affection.
now
tural
“Hut he Is poor
less." said the widow in amazement “What of that? Emma will have enough for both."
"You don't mean to say would accept ns a son-in-law a young man?"	..
“If he were such a young man as At den Lytton and were accepted by daughter, he certainly would not rejected by me." said the governor
I am amazed." murmured the widow "That In because you really have mia-
Vnd so you kept
83
DISTEMPER
Hure cure and positifs preventive. no matter how horses at an# Age are Infected or aapoeed ' Liquid, given on the tongu% acts on the Blood and Glands, etpels the poisonous germs froie body. Cures Distemper in Doge and Hheep, and Cholera ig Poultry. Largest selling live stock remedy. Cures La Grippe among human beings and Is a flee kidney remedy Keep it. Hhow It to your druggist, who will you. Free Booklet. ' Distemper, Causes and Cures
DISTRIBUTORS ALL WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS
For
my
9V
$
k
si
Judged me. my child
your neat and kept Alden Lytton tied to f(ir _ your apron string* every evening, ami. ioVej all the evening, to prevent him from falling In love with Km ma Cavendish and winning her affections "Yes. sir. I did."
"Hut wUat if he had fallen in love with > ou. and won your affection»?" archly demanded the governor.
Fallen In l< - \ w ith an Old * w like Non*
the
l
Cut this get It for
out

•yak* Medical Co.. Chemists sad Bsetsrl «logis:». 0 >ane i.I.id U.LS
ABSENCE MAKES HOME DEARER
You are laughing at i With an old widow like
me
Occasional Separation From Wife la Good, Says the Times.
An entertaining article in the London Times suggests holidays “away front one another” as a cure for the family temper.
“Preliminary strain during the day, reaching the snapping point at night, Is one explanation/' says the writer, “of the poor quality of many tempers In many British homes; and your cynic will soon be ready with another, assuring us that only hypocrisy persuades us to put a brighter face before the outer world than that we reserve for those we best love.
“Hypocrisy, certainly, and perhaps a little cowardice also- a faint feeling that we dare not Insult the manager while we may In safety be rude to the wife. Hypocrisy, cowardice—dreadful motives for that forced control we speak of!
“We much prefer to seek and there fore to find others -another cause for the touchiness of many tempers, and thereupon a possible cure for them Our complaint Is and the cure will follow— tbst so few English people know how to take holidays from oae another.
“You go sway from home partly to find out how much home really meant to you. and often with regret, with remorse, you find out that It meant absolutely nothing and that you would like to live abroad. You are non die. More often you turn out to be homesick. You know now, far from home, what home was to you when you did not realize that It was anything at all.
“So with people. Ixwtve them occasionally and you will like them all the better. Get a holiday from them sometimes. Rapturously return to them then If you will. But never go for too long wlthoul a change.
me. governor
me
he
then
Mary drey bowed slowly, and dropped her head and blushed, or pretended to blush.	.	.
" Dear child. I wish. If It had been Heaven* will. It could have been true. Ye*: and I mo longed that It might be true, that I went down to the drawingroom this morning to entreat you. May, to make It true!"	.	.
She bowed her head slowly again and w And then ahe softly slipped her
oung lov-beloved. 1
whispered
sentiments from you?
that exalted man. *
-

Ho*# Mr. Alden Lytton accom
Ah

TEACH BABES TO SMOKE
Wild Filippino Mothers Stick Cigars
In Infants’ Mouths.
Every one of the wild tribes of the Philippines, smoke and chew tobacco. A mother ntirting a baby child will withdraw It from the breast and stick a cigar In its mouth. By the time a child la weaned It Is a seasoned smoker.
In the north country, In the mourn
°h, and dropped It. hie bosom heaving with 1 aup^reeecd emotion aa he did aa
1
hands
tain pasees, none of the people wear
a* he arose and
governor
bell.


ed mark of beauty among the Mandays end the Magyan wild tribe» Is the pointing of the teeth.
In the south among the other wild tribes, we find a peculiar condition. It la very warm down In th it section. In the north where it	I. he
tribesmen are naked South, the dress Is the most elaborate and gaudy homemade costume#
The More and Igorot, many grades higher In intelligence than the aort efn savage, la luxuriously dressed if he can obtain a starched shirt, a derby hat a frock coat..Thai Is all li** need Trousers do not appeal to him. The more southern Moro affecte the Ma hammadan trousers of red and blue,
Hhe could not me# It# agon-
Will you do me a little favorT' ahe
Ur Probably Need» Them.
"My wife has done a great deal to educate me ”
"Yea, ahe s giving me a course of Wet urea
¦eked.
Htill he could not epeak onlv drop down hie rising he *a:»d on her beautiful.
Hr,
equ
He could
anguish a#
oue
Rut. however, the peril only give# the play a little more piquancy, said Mr» Grey to herself aa ahe received this message
r little rloeed
111 you lend me brought m for #n hour thing but a beggar myself, have to go to see a family of beggars whom I have
Then she glanced at	the	mirror,	promised to help to-day.	And 11 le
smoothed her hair adjusted	her be- ;	<>old and the snow	la eo	deep, that
v.ti	* Itching little widow g < ap.	sud	de	dread to expose myself	You	know
Y.ou	erended to the drawing room	*hal a poor shivering soul	I am	I ce*-
Atdrn was still pacing	up and down	not stand the cold	8<> I	would like	to
the floor, a prey to the	moet	stormy	borrow your fortf-	» e	carriage for
EpaaMaaa.	i *n hour fiasse will yeu lend it to
•Nay. but 1 would not like to a»k you But as be sew Mary Grey gracefully	she coaxed
to do anything for my aake which would fleeting toward him he controlled him While ahe had been speakln not bo 1* Steelf and Independent of me. self by an almost superhuman effort, rgeendlah had had time In some i
ran."	and went to meet her. took her gently	to recover htmaelf and	answer her	,
What le It?" • by the hand, and led her up before the though In a broken and faltering voice ' tool you to stand with me and my front window, through which the light! Yes, my vhild. ves my tender flower!
of the morning sun shone full	upon	hie	Heaven forbid that vou should	he *%	7  j	,,
• * ' r*"i brow, and upon her p«.sed to the weather 1* year charitable teetii rhsttfreo. haautlful. false face	| missions Command my _ brougham
II. with the greatest pride and pleasure. | They stood thus easing on each other Command mv puree
•tins word! Is this statement true. He shuddered end genii
Mu’ May.
h l
n
who am
Rut I will not t
You are very
“Do you not go ¦ others" he Inquired

",
my
Indeed He Was.
Command me. Mr. Cavendish know It would give
the gr
t
Was your husband cool when told him there was a burglar
mer.
light to serve you
he
VOIS
asked Mrs Ham
Mr
L,
most agreeable to
he Mid with #
For Hunting mother»
replied Mrs Ga y he was cool Why hie

I

4M
Why. of cour
bow and a amile that made him aeero
I wish you •
twenty years younger very delightful ride B you at dinner "
Thank you. elr tng for the perty.1
Ur. CavetUlah bo*H again, and left
Na-Brn-Co Laxative
1 o-
l shall hope to
of couree 1 will do
offer the important advantage that they do not disturb the rest of the system or affect the child.
th* benefit of
Ï knew you I t r our noble self!’
hlldllke eager nee# and Waned •»*• he	l
withdrew It. I
are at
Half the truth may cause more ou hie than a whole lie.

the roo
i.m
that' like r ed will
i girls wont dancing out Into hall to got their little riding-ere standing In the ha -
And the
whip# that
Mrs Casey -OA, Pat, whin the dochter told yet ye had some thing J2'wid a Latin name to it a yar rd
<hdn t it scare yez t Cneey—
lit mis] • r|«d me a dollar for it, |
D
It will continue but
but. thank Meat for a few hnura. and It will be the last' Now. sweet friend, t will not detain you
t i
rark there
35c. a box at your
In one moment Mary drey found h#r self aloha, and In the nest A Idem Lytle*. booled and spurred for hls ride
>	, j n r p fi<> t
bt ftÊ
dear I would like Sa fog a few minute# mmediaf» burry about
BfcjWlÉpI
fui! and fondly In the
Druggist ’a
r graceful feminine ir
lab
from sc
longer.
fere, ahe answered clearly end
Khl~ '
d 1
leaping bla

-
harttsble mleah
ne t f
n*
Shore an it did. Norsk
ecepllonw In
All official New
ml of the 1
dar
Co.
1 rig w
1 « t,


Ing the he rH

on. and every ¦¦ >	da
ling
a#

e > # -
I w
I7f

r\A
n
anew* *<S aweei
point men


Oi knew it dido t an
fact the •
are exa
heaven w

a •
desert
ban
H s look

by lb
Iht |fi#f9NM
smiling frankly though every
«1
and Joy
#t
..f

"Mut wh, • Oh •vmeeey us1"
hy cas f
t a

ape


*
###PAGE###7###

i
Found the Cause
The Rest Was Easy
DATE FROM SOLOMON
low TO CORE
STOMACH TROUBLE
1
Jewish Tribe in Abyssinie Were Severely Persecuted.
How a small Jewish tribe lived for centuries in the heart of Abyssinia separated from the outside world and 1 Ignorant of its existence, and how, In the face of severe persecution, it managed to preserve its traditions and worship, was told to an audience In London by Dr. Jaques Kaitlovitch, a well-known Abyssinian traveller.
Legend has It that the tribe first entered the country in the time of King Solomon, having migrated from Palestine In the train of the Queen , of Sheba
themselves to their new surroundings, married Abyssinian wives, whom they converted to Judaism, and lived on quite good terms with their neighbors. But from the beginning of the thirteenth century the Falashas, as the Jews were called, endured severe persecution until at last they dispersed in groups and families all over Abyssinia. Their existence was only revealed to the outside world 150 years ago by explorers. The object of the lecture was to arouse the sympathy of their co-religionists In England on their behalf.
Porks
.Beans

fhe Common Cause is Lack of Blood—Therefore You Must Build up the Blood
ROOD'S KIDNKl PILLS Ql K K-J,Y t'VRKO HIS KID.NKY
DI8KASB.
1

^3

From Head to Foot. Itched and Burned. Disfiguring, Face and Arms Worst. Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment Cured.
«s
iv
There ie t ho s mont intimate relation between the condition of the blood and the Activity of the stomach, The blood de;>end# upon the stomafcb for a large j>art of its nouriahment; • while every act of digest ion, from the time the food enters the stomach and i* assimilated by the blood needs plenty of wel l-oxidised blood. SM
Won II mlson March bank. After iifleilng for Five Years, Found ^ulck Relief and Permanent Cure in the ti rentes! of Cnuadimi Remedies.
Marchbank, King’s County, N.B , June let (Special).—After suffering for five years from kidney disease, brought on by a strain, Hudson Marchbank, Esq., the well-known farmer of this place, is again & strong,'* healthy man. and another grand cure for Dodd’s Kidney Pills has been put on record. In an interview, Mr. Marchbank says:
“About five years ago I hurt my back from lifting, and it developed into kidney disease. My back paint'd me all the time, and I was very much troubled with headaches. My appetite was fitful : I had a bitter taste in my mouth in the mornings ; I perspired freely and my perspiration had a disagreeable odor.
I used liniments and planters, but they did not <k> me any good, and as there were other symptoms that my kidneys were affected, I decided to try Dodd * s Kidney Pills. After using two boxes, my back was completely cured, and my kidneys have not troubled me since.’’
When Mr. Marchbank decided that his kidneys were the cause of his troubles, the rest was caey. Almost any of his neighbors could tell him that Dodd’s Kidney Pills always cure diseased kidneys.


t
Msm Corner, Monctxm. N. B.— " When my baby was five months old he had a rash which used to trouble him very much. The
r

They quickly adapted
Highest grade beans kept whole and mealy by perfect baking, retaining their full strength. Flavored with delicious sauces.
8
* as covered from head to foot. I got no rest day or night with him. It would Itch and bum so much that he used to scratch till be used to bring the blood and then it would turn to a mattery sore which disfigured him. The worst was his face and arms.
* I tried a good many different salves and soaps but to no use: he got no better. But after a while 1 thought 1 would try Cuticura fcoap and Ointment and bad only used them two or three tiroes when Isa w a great change.


* *

The
pure
muscles, glands and nerve» of the stomach work only according to the quality of the bkiod. V' »
The moat common cause of indigestion is lack of rich, red blood.
Not only does impure blood weaken the muscles of the stomach, hut it lessens the product of the g the intestines and tftomach furnish the digestive fTuids ing will more promptly cure indi gestion than plenty of pure blood.
Dr. William»' Pink Pills are the safest and moat certain blood -builder. A thorough trial of these pills gives a hearty appetite, perfect digestion, strength and health.
Hi re is proof of the value of these	a
Pills in cases of indigestion. Mrs. Rwued After Twe Weeks at Sea
Alfred Austin, Varna, Ont., says:	la Open Boat.
“My system became run-down and 8lirvjvore of the 88. Columbian, my stomach very weak. I had no	exploded and burned off the
desire for food and whâ* I did take COASi cf Halifax, in the open boat caused me great distress, and did which they drifted about for no<t afford me nourishment, and I ^Wo wePita before being rescued by WÊ gradually growing weaker, and ^ revenue cutter Seneca could scarcely do any work at all. ()ffiwr Tie re is at the steering oar. I did not sleep soundly at night, jThe p)loto VM uken M the boat and would wake up n<»t at all re came alongside the Seneca. When freshed and with a feeling of dread rescued the men had just enough Some years previoualy I had U8ed , food to last another day. This con Dr. Williams' Pink Pills with much. gjg^d of a few crumb* of bread and

/V
i

9

N w DAWSON. Ninety Colbern# Street. Toronto.
lands of , which
I
F TOU WANT TO UUY OR rtEI.L A Fruit Stock. Oralo. or Dairy iarox write H W. Diwaon. Brampton or * Colborne lit.. Toronto
Noth
Mother Told Him.
Edith was entertaining Mr. West, and little Sydney was hanging about
wea time fur him to retire can’t I ata.v up a little longer, sister Ï” pleaded Sydney. “ you want to sit up for ?
Edith. “Why, I want to nee you and Mr. West play cards, ’ an awe red Sydney. Mr. West laughed. "But we are not going to play cards,” said Edith Sydney, surprised, you were everything depended on the way you played your cards to-night.'1


## W. DAWSON. Cotberns St., Tarent*
cured.*' (Signed) Mr». George French. May 26, 1013.
For pimples and blackheads the following la a raoet effective and economical treatment : Gently smear the affected pasta with Cuticura Ointment, on the end of the finger, but do not rub. Wash off the Cuticura Ointment In five minutes with Cuticura Soap and hot water and continue bathing for some min-
At I art Edith told him it
“Oh,
GENTS WANTED, $6 TO 110 A day. Write Peerless Cooker & Specialty Co., Merlin.
A
What do asked
4 4

NEWSPAPERS FOR SALI
fT OOU WEEKLY IN LIVE TOWN IN Xjf York County. Stationery and Book Business In connection. Pries $4,000. Terme liberal. Wilson Publishing Company. 73 West Adelaide Street. Toronto.
only
retiring. At other times use Cuticura Soap freely for the toilet and bath, to esrfet le preventing Inflammation, Irritation and clog-
IV
“Whv.” said mother said I heard htr tell you that
glng of the pores. Cuticura Soap and Oint-
MISCELLANEOUS
sample of each, with 82-p. book, send poet-
â 1 i.NCBE rUMOMA. LUMPS «TO. X_y Internal and internal, cured with» •at pain by
as before too late. Or Fetlmea Po Limited. OalilnwwoAg Ont
Write
Medical
cor borne treatment
First
I), Boston, U. 8. A.
warn
CAUSE OF THUNDER
When a
i
v
Thought to be Due to the Intense
Heating of Oates.
For a long time it was supposed that the noise of thunder was caused by the closing up of the vacuum created by the passage of the lightning, the
. —	S3S2S53 MâSâîîsîj
§§§§	roEl KIBÉif ™
giiSSi^
For nations that need naval coal- Teething time is usually a time of Ing. A little while ago the King, tlr clap, which sounds loudest, would be	glve vitality and power to the
wmm M iSMtissaos
position and anchored, ready to time without pain or crossness, outskirts of Sofia, and every day King these suppositions by causing electric receive supplies from colliers and dis Baby’s Own Tablets are the moth- Ferdinand spends an hour or so with flashes to pass from point to point tribute them to warships. On the er’s «rcaiest friend at this time.	superintending their toilet and, through terminals clothed in soaked
=###!&%	SiinstfH zessE ehcef™
floating storehouse Is very much like	new	teeth,	and in this way	make	plants would do credit to a profes- to fils findings.
a huge diving-bell, cylindrical In shape, teething easy. The Tablet» are sold clouai trainer. Not only do the pachy-	-*
with double walla and roof containing by medicine dealers or by mail at derm# recognize their royal master Th r\P^fh Warrant Delivered compressed air tanks for regulating its cents a box from The l)r. Wil- when he visits them, but they can do HIC UWIU W+iimui m _ height in the water. It has no bottom, , •	Mwdwnne To Brock ville several tricks at his bidding. The No defence can be offered when you
except a wire netting, and is usually 11A	’ King is very proud of his pets, and upply Putnam's to a sore corn—the < f-
partly filled with water. All coal,	^	whenever his Court is visited by any fender has to dtok__ Nothing so certain
petroleum and other naval supplies are	'	one of distinction the royal guest is to quickly cure corns a» Putnam a corn
received and stored In small water FOVXD HAY FEVER CYREf sure to be taken to the farm to ad- and Wart Extractor; try Putnam's, it *
tight drums. From the receiving	- mire the great beasts at their work free from acids, and painless. 25c. bot-
cranes on the roof the drums are Tov|„ Remedy of Western Phfsfr and play.	,	ties sold by all dealers,
moved to a well In the centre, lowered	. pPATM SiuwcaafuL
to the proper depth and shunted off	11,111 rroTCS
through windows in the well upon con-
With Chronic Backache

z
Man
Wanted
0 lwho ^nd<>rston<is horses} )
%
benefit, anti t his decided me to again try them. My confidence was not misplaced, as by the time I had used boxes I was again feeling quite
leather from their boots carefully tied in a handkerchief.
KING TRAINS LEPHANT8.
There la Trouble Ahead.
Constantly on their feet, attending to the wants of a large and exacting family, women often break down with nervous exhaustion.
six
well.”
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are sold by all medicine dealers or will he sent by mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 by sending to The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
In every district we want - auch o man Will payy.
$30 wppk H
4 4

Conedion Distributors,
Sorry He Spoke,
Peck—I'm surprised that should lose your self control, Ma-That’s something you never
FLOATING NAVAL STATION
VOU
TEETHING BABIES
Can Be Sunk Out of Sight On Approach of Hostile Fleet.
ria
saw me do.
Mrs. Peck - You lost control of yourself the day I married you. Now hold your tongue.
Aik for Hlnard'e and take no other.
to 1a well known
Because of their mild, soothing, and healing effect, Dr. Hamilton’s Pills are safe, and are recommended for girls and women of all ages. 25 cents per
Druid Catacombs Near London.
Eleven miles south-east of Ixmdon, in Kent, a few years ago were discovered the catacombs of the ancient Druids, which are now much visited by sightseers and are lighted, f°r a Part at least, by electric lights. Over fifty miles of chambers cut in the chalk cliffs have already been explored. The Druids lived in these catacombs when attacked by their northern enemies, and here they burled many ul their The stone on which the human sacrifices were made Is still to be seen, and also the well, from which water is drawn to this day.
mis
Sonic Job.
Crabshaw — Haven’t
I
Mrs
taught you to put things in their right places?
Willie—Yes, mamma ; but you never told me how I could find tfiem afterward.
dead
A True Optimist.

WÉ
Hemma rid haw is
Mr
the moet optimistic person I ever
Kidneys Cured or Money Back
HKK MOTHER-IN-LAW
tire they remain sus
»r until .dWH*
dons by automatic
In *h#
Wen rod and
lured and feared
m
m.
.	„	.	.— 4 . . * .	...	Penelope—Cheerful, eh?
the powen bearing ino thai set the	^ young woman found a wise, Pereival—Yes ; even now,
world to sneezing is made llte reui gtxid friend in her mother in-law, h* ia slowly recovering from a k
rdy that waa proposed aa a cure be • ^ notwithstanding. She writer ywr, he sees a humorous side to
fore the convention of homeopathic	was grestiy troubled with my everything.
physicians <-f Missouri, < r#e stomach, complexion was blotchy	Penelope—Which surely is fortu
•Jfv* _	~	and yellow. After meaU I often
Dr. E. J. Burch of Carthage,	8Ugered Bharp pains and would have
Mo., a widely-known homeopath,	^ lie down. My mother often told
made the announcement. It caused	^ ifc wa8 the C4>ffe* % drank at
a sensation at the closing cession of	But whon jd quit coffee I d
GET A TRIAL BOTTLE TO-DAY. the convention.	.	have a severe headache.” (Tea con-
With reliable old	Nervlline	you can	The remedy, he explained, was	uins ^	poisonous drug, caf
rub out the pain of	rheumatism,	Scia-	the reault of his wife s severe case	.	^ coffee)
rubbing with the	kin* of	ell	llnl-	he used M » h>P< uu° wife	me it waseasy to make good coffee'	\',(	i#gel Trader,
m- nU “Nenrlllne" will cure you. That wae lut summer. H s wife	UM P<wtum.
Nervlline Is highly concentrated- wes completely relieved of all s)vnp ,.j ^ to uge p(),lum as	Grateful Patient—Doctor, I owe
. jiwfeus F
that it will prove as successful on	*
Out cornea the pain every time you I further trials as it has so far, and nib on Nervlline. which contains some jf ^ prove8 the cure we have sought of the most valuable palneubduing j j want the entire medical
7zsr.'srs.,zr*jp?1g
land, and sure to cure the emergent **»• procesa 01 and minor Ills of m hundred kinds that quires great care, constantly arise. Get the large S6c. be gathered early in family sine bottle; small trial sise ttc before the eun rise#, lor the torifl Nervlline la sold by every dealer, ev- jOUIK| |n the pollen in the beat of erywhere	y,,. day ie a different thing from
that found in early morning or late night. I shook the pollen from the ragweed, two varieties of golden rod and two varieties of Spanish needle on a plate of glycerin and
Proved a Wise. Good Friend.
r» '
moles
There Is no risk in baying GIN FTTXR.
They ere sold on a positive
wmmm
NATIONAL MUG AND CimiCAl CD- OF CANADA LIMITED, -
when
Tortures of Rheumatism Yield to This Remedy
nate.
Pereival—I aaked him what he was eating, and he told me the physician permitted him to have the water from two boiled eggs—
Penelope—The idea !
Pereival-And he }n»ped soon to be able to add the holes out of a few doughnuts.
186
A Marvel of Speed, An Unfailing Cure For Old Chronic Cases.
mows.

X
t
«
Ï X

•s Friesd




L
11
about five times stronger than the ordinary white ammonia liniment— therefore It penetrates quickly—sinks In deeply—and gets right at the core of the pain at once—draws out the lameness, takes away the stiffness eases the Joints that have hurt you so much. '
1
.1 HOME BDE CATALOGUE
4

"My grandmother suffered a great deal with her stomach. Her doctor told her to leave off coffee. She then took tea, but that wae just as
¦¦¦¦¦I
She fine) ’
Post urn, which she has used for over a year. She travelled during the winter visiting, something she had not been able to do for years She mays she owes her present good
sear
beat msdlctw# obtainable
jfitBD 1 MAX
¦ Hotel end
-f
pa ration re

induced to try
pollen must
the rooming
£
Al
Rom ten Pimd


Stable»


He Was Quallled.
"I believe,” said the beautiful heiress, "that the happiest mar-
made by apportes lust think how poor I am gued the young mao.
Name given by Canada an Postum Co., Windsor, Ont. Read ' Tbs Road to WeJlville,” in pkgs Postum now comes in two forms : Regular Postum — must be well
boiled 16c and 86c packages
Isstasl Posts## is a soluble pow-A teaspoonful dissolves quick a cup of hot water and. with cream and sugar, makes a delimou*
You Can Buy Cheaper At Home
Ask Your Local Merchant for the "HOME TRADE CATALOGUE” and Save Money
A Lady Bountiful.
"Do you like Miss Prattle ?
| Yes; she’s so genen. keeps anything to hereffli I always ready to give away even her
imiML *
Never

i '
If, and is
water that I injected into the bodies of the patients. It carried the live poison or principles of the pol-For a cure I used four doses
two days apart.
"For a preventive I began before ,,r the time for the parient s hay feyer i-, I to appear and used an injection [ fid
<ir*„	ftr Ida. So SmartlM^-
htM IftOasIwt J Writ* for Book of hrmmllTfm Mnrln. lylwmméf Q»..CM—#»
Better Quality.
There to a HOME TRADE MERCHANT
len

Lower Prices.
'do
said the ûve-yearold
tar,*
need to the i
30c and 50c
»rage lastamtly.
Ma
Satisfactkm
Guaranteed.
because
¦hing of

lore
How is it you
The cost per cup of both kinds is I they ’ re
the ship!"
r t v<
' w

,, •
wife have her
!m
wn
I about the same
There's a Reason fos Post -
—Sold by Qr< > - ED, 7,
r you.
t r ir<

h%* shown it* vinht the ha
o an overdoes



•w.|
»g
f patients
l V


6
###PAGE###8###
- —
® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
Tie Slawville Boot ai Sloe Store
p9
Cents Furnishings
Glimpses through
the Smoke.
Boots
Outing
Summer Underwear nice and cool at $1.00 per suit. Sox in Cotton, Wool, Cashmere and Silk 15 to 75c.
Top Shirts a swell assortment, good quality, 75c. to $1.50 Caps we have them in any style you want, 50c. and up, Hats Straw Sailors, Felts and JL’hristies.
Austrian Collars the best collar made 20c. each or 3 50c. Leather Belts an up to date range, 25c. to $1.75.
Men's Work Shirts a good line at 50c.
Peerles Overalls and Smocks $1.00 and $1.25.
Rain Coats #5.50 and up. Long Light Dusters $2.00 each.
We are again ready to supply the public with a brand new stock of


Dry Goods, Groceries and General Merchandise.
Now is the time . .
To get your Outing and Sporting Boots.
E. 6. CAYLER - PORTAGE DU FORT.
We have them in Black and White Duck, with a good rubber sole. In all sizes.
Men’s Women's and Children’s.
Also Best Ready-Made Clothing.
A, E. BOURKE.
Tailoring and Cent’s Furnishings.
P. E. SMILEY.
The House of Quality.
m
Hobberlin Suits To Order
At $20
| Brahms was always credited wnn a frugal mind, and the following tale is related of him, the late Erich Wolff and a cigarette: The cigarette had been offered by the former to the latter, who received It with emotion and placed It carefully In his waist* coat pocket. “Why do you put the cigarette away? Why not light it . now?" asked Brahms, who had already struck a match. “I cannot smoke It," replied Wolff. “I shall take great care of It. It Is not. every day that one gets a cigarette from Johann Brahms." Thereupon the great man opened his cigarette case
R R. A.

A
When you want the best value for you:
.. money in ..
Second Shoot of Season -
-Friday, June 12
The Radford Rifle Assn will hold their second shoot of the >ca-i at the Somerville Range on Friday, June 12. All members arc •s|K*etfnlly requested to lie present : also metnlwrs of 3 F. (’. (*. K
J. STKWART,
Captain.
ROMPTLY SEC
SHINGLES
TOR AOVISKR,which will be sent free.
MARION & MARION,
364 University St.. Montrés!.
inîrle*. A.-k for our 1NVEX-
at SI.60 per M- and up
Also La! ha.. Dry Lumber. Clapbonnts Flocrlng. End Matched Hardwood Floor- | soil Ing. Mouldings, Doois, etc., trx
It
NOTICE.
A. F. CAMPBELL
BOX 455
Notice is hereby given to all person* indebted to the Crown for
lliEIE ipSEâi
the 20th ilist	»• well.
Arnprtor, Ont.
T
HESE are not special prices. Nor is this the | advertisement of a Sale. We merely wish to call
The Legend of Aconite.	. .	. •	.	. i /
Aconite la classed by homeopathic yOUl cittCFlt 1011 tO tllC I 3.Ct.
that you can buy Hobberlin Suits
down to the lower regions and
Base-hall Spelling.	' Is carried then ‘though the wreck of A.S lOW 3.S %b20.
A successful spelling contest which | the “silver age mythology.* ** It li	A -	^	.	_
has proved very popular in more	told bow Hercules went down to the	A t	thpcp	PYtrPîTlP V	m CiCi&VAtP'
than one school Is described by the	I lower regions and carried the three	lllVDV	VAll	lllUUClalC
teacher who originated it in these I headed hound Cerberus to the upper fttMPPC tnP CfOriTlPTltQ words: '	world. That.ferocious beast was rag- K1 1VVO 111V gai
Did any of you ever conduct a ing at this treatment, and the froth tYlPO n fVf tTTr 1 ATA f a Bpelling contest, “base-ball fashion** that fell to the ground was the origin lllVM-11 llv/lll 11 V V IU oCVvll
on Friday afternoons? It worked so	of aconite, for It grew up from ths	live	irolii**	tVton xr^Mi
successfully for me, that I want to	froth as from seeds. It was on a	UU1	ldi b UC llCi	V CliUC	Llldil jUU
rive others the benefit of my *-1 per- bleak, wind swept hill or mountain. _-._-.1J	o] c^TirVi
lence. The school chooses sides as and It la In such regions that the WVUICI Svv Ul v vlSv W llvi v# for ordinary spelling contests. Let plant grows to-day. This hill, in Pon- itr _ A	4-U^.
the best speller on each side act as | tics, was known of old as ‘Aconites'.** W 0 3.T6 SflOWHlÉT tllC
largest range of Suitings and Overcoatings in town.
THE SHAWVILLE
MEAT SHOP
Local and District
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Crowe, of Portage dti Fort mourn the !<»*< of their little 4-year old daughter, who foil a victim to spinal-raeuingitis, after a few days’ ill-
ir M
Wolves are ref>orted to have been slaughtering sheep by wholesale in the townships of Griffith and Mat ta watt ban, in Renfrew county.' Six farmers are said to have lost a total of 114 sheep from the incursions of the vivions brutea,
Last week's issues of the Arn-prior fmpers eoutained extended notices of the funeral of the late Matthew Riddell, one of the most prominent and highly respected residents of Fitzroy township. The funeral was under the direction of the Masonic Order.
The village of Powasson, Parry Sound district, was badly scourged by fire on Saturday morning. T wen tv five buildings were destroyed, including the store and residence of James Arthurs, federal member for the district.
ALEXANDER PITT.
Crown Land Agent* Campbells Hay, June 8th, 1014.
Pkknuekgast,
«Successor to .las. D. Ilorner.) V supply of • - •
Proprietoi
GKO.
Fresh and Cured Meats
-	- - Always in stock.
—	i « —< «—
Highest Market Price paid for Hides and Pelt*.
—o—o—
Your Patronage Solicited.
CARD OF THANKS.
•lsî ræp sms «
their prompt and tffetvre rcti-'D vi 8iv jfcU „ pitcher" who pronounces ing mv house from de,true ion by fiie on the wordi 0then ^ ss first, ses-
Saturday .*et.	|sad and third basemen.
JOHN L. HODOlgS.
Sympathy.
He was middle-aged and un traveled. For forty-five years he had lived In the country. At last he made a trip to the city.
There, for the first time In his life, he saw a schoolgirl go through her gymnastic exercises for the amusement of the little ones at home. After gating at her with looks of Interest and compassion for some time he asked a boy who was standing near if she had fits.
“No." the boy replied. “Them's
As the “batter" (from the opposite side) comes up, a word is pronounced by the pitcher. If It Is spelled cor» rectly, the hatter proceeds to first bsss
rV* —
June 8, 1914
OBITUARY
If the word Is missed, the
«Ml—
High School in Mmwcy for * few | basemnn and be .pells It before
% batter gets to the base, the batter ts out. Three outs on each aide make in Inning, and ell Innings make the lame. If a batter succeeds In
KIZELL & DOVER,
Sole Agents for House of Hobberlin.
“How long's she had 'em?"
The Invention of the organ Is attributed to Cteslblus, a barber of Alexandria, about 260 B.C. and also to the great Archimedes, about 32# B.C. The organ was brought to Eu-all three bases and getting | rope from Constantinople and was
applied to religious devotion» In the ¦ about A D. 66#. First used
Se'S‘sSi|sHrS=E5S
Mimed that deceased had tied the ! nineteen years of age and	well	„
line, to a -Pike on the wagon bo* ! gloved bv all who knew	him.	home," a tore I. made	for	his side,
and |K**ibly tied them too tight. 11 «tient in his pain and suffering	rb. teacher should set	as	umpire,	I church
causing the horses to bark up and , he l»*"ed ?*ay ,to »•'?	tailla, ouU and keeping	.cow*.	In	the churches of Italy, they grade-
iiis&'s.ssr	^|2s:5r^'ttss: ssr
«nrnJl nvpt hiirvini? dec* •used on Tuesday, May Jfith, at 8 p.m. The largest dairy farm in the ! there eoems to be no other Instrument h, ».	load killing him wn* ill chaigeor the pastor, Rev. rorld Is nearing completion at Head invented by man that can take the
ÎT»	’	I A. Young, who chose for his text, Lake Headlngly, a suburb of Wlnni- place of the organ.
¦¦	- Song, 9th chapter and |peg. When compl- y stocked the |	1	—.-
down into hi* garden, to the be<l P	., of apk*#, to feed in the garden*
Under the title "Little Stone#of and to gather lilies. * Thi* being Nature," H. Mortimer Batten in most appropriate, am one of the t he June issue of Rod and Gun fairest of lilies had been trail*
;uiWished by W. J. Taylor, Ltd . planted to a higher sphere, into Woodstock, Ont.) relate* aome in- Lod m garden. interment took t* renting and curious laet^ con- place at the Lee Valley cemetery, renting plants and animal* en- The twall bearer* were Me**r< trusted to Dame Natures care. Bert McDowell, Man-on Mooney.
Among the li*t of good thing* it Stanley Andrea*, lan McMillan, contain*. *;«**&! mention may be Walter Molleson and Leon Mi made <*f " A Dog* Confession. Knight, all l>oy friends of the de-the fa-k, iiiating autobiography of ceased. This being the largest an unfortunate dog:	Hun- funeral ever known in Lae Valley,
dred Mile* in the Guide s S|**ial, also the profusion of flower* go to descriptive of a canoeing trip in show the respect in which the de Temagami Forest Reserve; “A parted was held.
Gay Deceiver an entertaining tale Be leaves to mourn him. one writh the Boy, the‘"Princess* and lister, four brothers, father and the big trout SU* central characters, mother, who moved from Mhaw
A* regard* both text and illustra- ville to this country some fifteen )*tUee of Beaver Dame, Lundy's; tarn- the June number i- well years ago. The sympathy of the Larne and other fights in tbs war of worthy of perusal by all interested community goes forth to these in 1112.
in the out-of-door*.	' their sad l»rieaveuient.—Com.	8 1 II
ng
Frost & Wood and
Cockshutt IVjachinery.
'arm will contain 2,600 head of cat-lie within lu fonce». With 1,600 of ¦¦¦giving milk, the total yearly output of milk and cream la expected :o be about 3,000,000 gallons.
if gone
June Rod and Gun
. The modern soldier la equipped with e remarkable combination of tools, all In one. 8o varied le Its plication that It has been called the universal tool It Is so insulated
h
I wish to inform the Farmers of this district that I have lately taken over the agency for the above machinery, and am ready to fill all orders for the Spring Trade.
la cutting
It le refreshing sometimes to get
It
à bit of purs, unvarnished truth ta ¦¦¦¦¦¦ to
he advertising columns Here le an advertisement from The Toronto Telegram:
For Sale—Large family Bible, utiful wedding present,
>d, ten dollar# '
ri t
wire cutters and wire
. ;•*
, a file, afoot mu-
lt can be converted leto a shield to
supply of Repairs will always be kept on hand.
A

À man recently entered a reetan-
Fonnd I *11 Rifle.
t and ordered a steak. When the
While excavating near the glass work# at Thorold. Ont, workmen 'ound an old flintlock musket hear ng the date of 1112. It Is believed to be one of the weapon» used In the
waiter served him with It the custom •aid	aid you'll have to
take It back, for I fled I've come out
w
Fume," of course Interrupted the wall
s. E. HODGINS


D. McRae’s Old Stand
Main St., Shawville.

No." replied the man, "my false
teer


