###PAGE###1###
Z
O
ÿl.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, JUNE J4, 1915
No. 1. 33hd Year
m
Ü
#
THE HARDWARE STORE |
Paris Green.
The Merchants Bank
The Bank of Ottawa
Of Canada.
K8TABM8HEJ) 1M54
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,078,269 60,000,000

Paid up Capital..
?7,000,000
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits 7,245,140 Total Deposits (April 30,1015).... 62,729,100 Total Assets
• •
There has been a sharp advance in the price of Paris Green, at present wholesale price it? would have to
We were fortunate in having our stock ordered early, and can offer our customers the very best qualities produced at
L
Capital Paid Up •	•
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
;
»

r>
"	.... 86,190,400
213 Branches and Agencies in Canada
Board of Directors s

be sold at 3.1c
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEOROE BRYSON,
President
Vice-President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLARRN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY,
K. C. WHITNEY.
A Savings Bank Account
May be operated as a Joint Act t. Incur# no expense nor formality Is a most decided business asset Insures money for investment.
I
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
30c. per pound
It is only necessary to say Bergers in lb. tins.
D. M. FINNIE, Asst-General Manager W. DÜTH1R, Chief Inspector.
Shawville Branch Quyon Branch
| W. F. DRUM, Acting Mgr.
Fort Conlonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager

Also in stock and now wanted :
FRUIT JARS, Glass and Stone FRUIT JAR Rings PAROWAX, for sealing jars
Please let us have your orders.

6‘Business as Usual”
has made tf\e attendance at the
Z1G0WLINC ytr'//
HENRY’S
If you want a picture of the Academy and pupil# secure one now while the price i# low
A Hobberlin Suit for the smart dresser. Dover sells them.
Don't forget the hoc in 1 at Mr. Fred Thomas' on Friday evening of this week. A good time in store for all.
On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Cameras from 61.00 up. Eastman films and supplies orders promptly attended to.
H. Imison, King St.
A Special Prize of #75.00 offered by the Minister of Agriculture Quebec, will be given to members of the County Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, on three acres of Oats, judged for Seed Purpose*. Entries to be made to the Secretary on or before June Moth. Entry fee $1.00. Further particulars iven at request. K. XV. Hudgins, ec re ta ry-Trea suier.
An 8x10 picture f«»r 50c.
H. IM IKON.
Why go so jmorly dressed these sunshiny days when we can fit you out with a dandy suit for $15 ?	Dover.
The new Roman Catholic church in course of erection at Bryson, was badly damaged by the wind storm on Sunday evening, 13th.
Married.
Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA, ONT.	/
the best In the history. Why not take advantage of the dull times and prepare for the wave of prosperity that is bound to sweep over the Great Country when the war is over I
Write for Free Catalogue.
H. G. W, Braithwait Prin,
“ I will study and prepare myself, and some day mv chance will come.*'—Lincoln.
That the times will he exceedingly good after the war is the general opinion. Why not. then, lake up Shorthand and Typewriting, and be ready for the positions that will surely await every competent stenographer and typist Send for circular.
Mail
J. H. SHAW.
æ
rmi
-

<
D. E. HENRY, Président. Cor. Rank and Sparks Sts
W. E. Gowlino Brin.
A very pretty wedding whs celebrated Wednesday, June Ifltb, at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Palmer, Clarendon, when their daughter, Annie, was united in marriage to Sherwood Austin Cotie, eldest son of Mr. and Mr-. Win Cotie, Clarendon, by Rev. R.
E. Nicholls.
Surrounded by u host of friends on the verandah, where the ceremony was performed,* the bride becomingly attirred in embroidered voile, with Mr. F red Cotie, brother of. groom, wearing the groom's favor, a scarf pin, presiding at the organ, completed a lovely scene. Many gifts were | calved showing the high esteem in which both are held.
After congratulations, a delicious repast was served, sixty guests partaking. Later the happy couple motored to Mr. Wtu Cotie’s home, where a large reception was tendered them, the young people showering them with rice and good wishes.—Com.
W. A. HODGINS
A new suit is a positive necessity See that it is a Hobberlui,
now
Dover.
Attend the lawn social at Zion at the home of Mr. Fred Thomas’ on Friday evening, 25th inst good program, a dainty supper and a pleasant time for all.
8
Blf	BUSINESS	wm
WIlus collec F
¦ ¦ CIVIL SERVICE ¦ j
SHAWVILLB
A
Lawn Social
The School of Efficiency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert St«.
OTTAWA, ONT.
A Ijawn Social will he held at Mr. Jainc# WüroiVh on Wednesday, Ju.ie 30th. in aid of Victoria Lodge No. 1
t ¦ WÊÊÊÊÊÊ^Ê
cream
8.30. Admission children 1ft cents.
Births
At Provost, Allierta, on June 9th, to Mr. and Mrs. U. W. McNeill, a daughter.
(I'Mjd .program. Ice Sup]K*r served from 7 o’clock to
Adults 2ft cents ;
re-
PERSONAL MENTION
CREAT CALA DAY AT LADYSMITH
Miss M. K. Thomson has gone to her home in Portage du Fort to spend the summer.
Mrs. 8. A. Mack ay and family have cotne from Montreal to summer at their old home in Pottage du Fort.
Mrs. 8am Richardson, of Stoughton, Sask., arrived last week on a visit to her relatives in this section, and will remain for some time.
Mr. James Graham, who has been visiting here for the past two months, left for Foxwarren, Man., on Tuesday.
Mr. W. F. Drum and family are enjoying cottage life at Norway Bay. where many of the summer residents are now located.
Mr. H. Berman and Miss T Kizcll of Killaloe, were the weekend guests of Mr. and Mrs. A. Dover.
Mr. Thomas Burton, came home from the Rideau Street hospital on Saturday evening, on a fair way to recovery from the serious injury he sustained last March.
Rev. Geo. Thom who has been visiting Shawville friends, accompanied Dr. Armstrong and W. J. Dagg on a fishing expedition to Lake Dumont last Wednend
Rev. Mr. Seaman preached to the members of King Solomon Lodge, A. F. and A. M , at Aylmer, Sunday. The services here taken by Mr. Jenkins, of
K
llll
WANTED-At once, a work on a farm. Apply to R. R. No. 2, Shawville. _
man to Smiley,
,T*
Farmer* Club Picnic Unqualified Success
One could readily imagine, with fair grounds for the assumption, that the farmers of Thorne have a secret understanding with the Clerk of the Weather, that the day they set apart for their annual gathering, shall be of a character to make the heart of the picnic-goer thrill with joys spective, if the record of ¦ events in this connection be taken in review. Truly the Club has been singularly fortunate in the selection of its fete-days, and this year’s effort added one more to the score of signal successes that have been achieved. The Club, therefore is not only open to congratulations upon the fine weather with which it was favored last Wednesday, but it is also well deserving unstinted praise for the very elaborate out-door entertainment, which at the cost of much time, labor and expense it was enabled to present to its numerous
* Few, if any, of those who visited the grounds, came away with other than pleasant impressions of the day's outing, whilst a very large number were free to admit that they had passed just about good a time as it was possible _ have at a picnic. The preparation for provisioning the crowd was on a roost extensive scale, and when all was over and done no one was heard to complain of any discrepancies or lack of courteous attention in that particular regard.
The athletic program was quite interesting and managed very satisfactorily ; but in point of attractiveness, the dancing platform outshone all other features of the day'» fun. To a very considerable numbei it was the real thing and the ONLY thing, coupled w ith the delicacies of the refreshment booth which were copiously drawn upon between Terpsieoi can stunts.
Although many living at a distance left for their homes after an early tea had been jmrtaken off. hulk of the young folk tarried the grounds till the evening was well advanced, seemingly bent on extracting all the amusement possible out of the opportunities which the festive occasion afforded. They were out for a good time and they had it I After meeting all expenses the —_ Chib have a profit of over JWO.UU to place in the treasury, which is considered very satisfactory.
WANTED—At once, a girl to do general
%
to Miss . No. 1.
house-work on a farm. Mar(iaret McLean, R. Portage du Fort. Que.
An Old Time Picnic
The member# of the Clarendon Mutual Literary Society purpose holding an all day picnic on the old picnic ground# at Sand Hay, on Dominion Day, July 1st. Meal# served on the ground# hanty fare inclusive
tea 16 eta ; I__ _	_________
drink booth, in charge of Mr. C. McCagg. Game*, including base ball,
¦ÜÜMMÉMËAtt Prizes
FOR SALE—Single buggy-practicallj new. Rubber tire#, electric light# ; a first cla## stylish rig ; cost $130. —will take $110. Also set single harness Apply to J. H. Shaw.
Our Spring Season is about over, and for a quick clean-up we offer every hat in stock at
pro-
pant
i ; dinner 26 cts., also an ice cream and soft
--#
f CONCRETE CULVERTS. PIPES AND V curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipe# in their own localities. H. T. McDowell & Son. Shawville. Que.
mtting shot
for the above
jumping, j awarded
running, will be
Speeches, by several clergymen, and a good program. In case of wet weather the picnic will be portponed till the following day. .
Half Price
Make your kodak story autographic. Date and title every negative at time of exposure. Autographic kodak# from 17.00 up. H. Inuaon, King 8t.

Boys’ rate (16 and under) — Thoo Schoen 1, A. Sparling 2, Al Sheppard 3.
Girls’ race (15 and under) 76 yards— Annie Mahlitz 1, Margaret Kchoen 2, Louisa Schoen 3.
Young men’s race, 100 yards, (special prize by Farmers’ Club and Wm. Hod gine)— Hugh Horner 1, Verner Rueck wald 2, G. Schwartz 3.
Men # half mile race—Max Schoen 1, August Feiroband 2, Rally Horner 3.
Married women’s race, 76 yards, (spe cial prize by G. H. Brabazon, Dr. Me Nally and R. W. Hodgins— Mrs. Frank Yach 1, Mrs. J. Tubman 2, Mrs. J. Crawford 3, Mrs. C. Rueck wald 4, Mrs. Fred Plagvr 6.
Married men’s race, over 30 years, 100 yards, (siwcial prize by J. L Hod gins) John Stephens 1, Frank Yach 2, Len Dale 3.
Throwing 60-Pb. shoulder stone—(Jeo. Tubman 1, 16.1 ft.; Jim Turcotte 2, 14.6 ft; Henry Walls 3, 13.7 ft.
Running long jump- Percy Ballan tync and C. Woodley, equal, 16 ft. In jumping off the tic Ballantyne won 1st place ; Archie McCuaig 3, 16.7 ft.
Standing broad jump, («p«M prize by G. A. Howard)— C. Woodley I, N.k ft.; Lome Armstrong and Wm. Olni, equal, 2, 8.6 ft won.
Summer is only beginning and this is a good opportunity to get the Hat you were thinking about at exactly half the price you expected to pay.
Positively no Reserve.
The Late Mrs. Kilgour
The remains of the bite Mrs. Kilgour (whose death at Hailey-bnry was mentioned in last weekV issue) arrived here by Wednesday's 10 o clock and were met by member# of the deceased's family and other friends and conveyed to her late home on the 7th line from whence the funeral took place Thursday afternoon to the Methodist clmrch, and was largely at
tended* ¦¦¦¦¦ I ¦
ducted by the Rev. John Hurst, of farm.
The deceased lady, who was held in high esteem by all who knew I I	' llfaer, left here in December last to
When you go to buy an article visit her eldest son Alex at Hailey-that you saw advertised in these bury, and was in a delicate state columns, kindly mention the fact of health during most of the to the merchant or dealer, and do winter. Latterly her condition your home paper a good turn. #eemed somewhat improved, and
Mr. Willirtiri Hamilton, of Quyon, Mary June Hammond. Two
received a cablegram last week, brothers—John of Cache Bay# and conveying news of the *afe arrival George of Smiths Fall* survive, of his daughter Mabel, at Ply- She was the mother of five child-mouth, England. Miss Hamilton j ren, one of whom died in infancy, sailed on the steamer Metiganii oiyj The surviving members of the ngle men June 5th, for service as nurse at family are : Alex, of Hailey bury ; (special prize by Gter. B. Campbell, M. the front.	.	Joseph and Norval of the 7th line.
L. A) woo by married men.	\ Spcvial Prise Of $75.00 offered mud Mr*. Bert lb#Ignis, of i arm. (
The following conipised the teem* :	by tne Minister of Agriculture, Her husband, the late "jy K*'
S2 ttlA'HZi&BSS G£K%S$a
Wall*, Will Tubman	I Society No. 1. tor one nr re of the community ill whkbeee lived
eœ HE i: P*
Bteybens % Clara Haazrd 1 Tutwap* *i “
ay
y
\
on
as
were Ottawa.
Mr. Charles Tucker and family have gone to Otter Lake for their summer# outing, and are occupying Mr. S. Howes’ cottage, on the bank of Farm Lake. Mr. Lesage is relieving agent.
to
The service was con
See the Hats we are selling at
Half a Dollar.
Come early and get your choice as we intend cleaning out all our Summer Stock.
nd test Armstrong
the


on
Running high leap—Lome Armstrong 6.1 ft.: C. Woodley 2, 6 ft.; Hugh
1
Homer 3, 4.11 ft
War- Married vs. #i
Teg
W. A. HODGINS
i

vh<*N
ily |
ut mnreservet
###PAGE###2###
FROM BONNIE SCU
?
i •
About the Household



NOTES OF INTEREST FROM HER BANKS AND BRAES.

I

Serving Rhubarb.
Halved Rhubarb.—Wash and dry the rhubarb
lengths without peeling. Arrange a sprinkled among furs and woollens layer of the rhubarb in the bottom of wiU be found as effective as the ill-a buttered earthen baking dish, cov- smelling moth preparations.
The castors on large ami heavy
bread collects all the fat, grease and skin from the small teeth.
To keep out moths whole cloves
i A
What I* Going On In the Highlands and Lowland* of Auld Scotia.
wipe Cut into inch
Dumbarton's roll of honor now includes over 1,000 name».
The Wisliaw bakers have raised the price of bread half a cent the two pound loaf.
There are mow upwards of 50 Belgian refugees given accommodation in the Dunblane district.
A destructive ft re occurred in the cabinet and chair factory of Thomas Dunlop, Bunawynd, Bath.
A Dundee flag day in aid of tlhe Soldier’s and Sailors' Families A» sociadon has realized the sum oi $2,805.
Considerable damage ban beet) done in the upper Spey Valley by flooding, where the river m controlled by Major
Ayr race course at a parade of the Ayrshire Yeomanry, of which he w#a second in commend.
I While three men were working f the great Italian liberator, <>n the Forth Bridge, one naine<i Beside her is Saute | Cairns slipped and was fatally injured. The other two were seriously injured «Jwl taken aboard the Red Cross vessel.
Edinburgh Town Council m send ing a letter of thanks to Lord Rose bery for his gift of two figures ol the old town guard for the Corporation Museum.
News has reached the Headquarters of the Scottish Women’s Hue pita!, Edinburgh, from Serbia, of the death of Nurse Louisa J alder of Glasgow, from fever.
The Duke of Buccleuch has placed
Castle
ering with sugar, repeat this process	BHH
until a sufficient quantity has been Picves furniture should have a used. Cover lightly; do not add water. dr°P or two of oil applied to them Bake for one hour and serve cold.	once or twice a year to keep them
running smoothly.
When making milk puddings use half milk and half water for mixing u This is more economical, and
on
Rhubarb Puffs
Cream together one cup of sugar and two tablespoons of butter, add two well beaten eggs, , ^
^mUofhb0.kingCU^wdemrilk.,„dnefloû; pudding will taste a!most as well
enough to make a stiff batter; then	a8 'f	made with all milk.
"tir in one cup of finely chopped	'* sa,<1 hat	ata,ns on. “ankete
rhubarb; half fill well buttered molds and other woolen goods can he remoy-
¦	¦	' half an hour, and then wash.
,	,	.	.	,	Often a good table cover gets torn
cut the rhubarb into inch pieces and a^ the corners through having been
stew with a little more than half carefully pegged out on a windy day. its weight in sugar, adding a very This spoils the appearance, even if little water. Make a batter by using the rent can be darned. If the tear a scant cup ol sweet mik, a pint of	j8 a very bad one	the only	thing to
oui into which has been sifted two	do is	to round off	each of	the four
teaspoons of baking powder, and a corners to match, hemming them very little salt. Drop this batter by spoon- neatly, fuis into the boiling rhubarb, and cook for ten minutes

h
O
V



X: ,
\
I
?
A*
Rhubarb Dumplings.—Wash and
V


¦

'T
artificial bank».
J. Bell fell dead on
tv


V
tiaribaldian Patriotism Has Carried the Day
The old gentleman is General Riciotti Garibaldi, the only surviving w i<> has' been organizing the Italian legion in France. Next to him is his wife
,1 ihakii, who has been fighting for France in the Argon ne ; and on the right is Joseph Garitwldi colimel of the Italian legion which has been fighting in the Argon ne
son o
To remove shabby leather chairs The result is take OM pint of linseed oil, boil it, '	* dellcious Pudding, which should be «nd let it stand till nearly cold. Then
served hot, with or without cream, j stir into it half a pint of vinegar.
Rhubarb Snowballs.—Boil half a When the two are perfectly amalga-cup of rice until soft; wring small mated bottle, and it is ready for use. pudding cloths out of hot water, and Shake the bottle well before using spread the cooked rice about half an the mixture. Pour a little on a soft
Taking Off the Cream
War Aid* Invention.
The suddenly increased importance of the aeroplane as a means of
giiPPM #### üéhü
¦HHBBb
Pour this over the custard and bake, the breakfast food mixed .ip with1 <<>nsumpt ion is m the form of proaches the perpendicular or the Kach man is provided with a »pe- 1	' ‘ a< ?”
Make a meringue of the whites of the boiling water. Then cover the pail vream- Ph*re » m<>re butter eat- upright. But as a matter of plain, tial helmet fitted with receiver	1,u™rLnl , iTZ
eggs, spread over the baked custard 'and place it in a common iron kettle, I en today than was once the case, common sense, the cream separator over the earn and a transmitter lo- n oompw^o. .",,rKmen nax * and set in the oven to brown.	’ in which there is about two quarts ot more butter per capita is eat- should be placed upon a solid cated in convenient range of the been putting Aip fence* on the
Rhubarb Souffle.—Put the rhu- boiling water. Cover the kettle and en,than the average individual ate foundation, one that is perfectly mouth Tin* is a practical and easy nortn sioeoi tne rail wax barb, cut fine, into a double boiler let it boil 15 minutes. Less time is a few ar* back. One reason fur j level, and likely to remain so per- way of earring on a conversation Une u,,Uie	BerK)l” flr.eS
with plenty of sugar to sweeten, and required than a regular double boiler, tl,us that gutter is now made bet-. manently. With the machine in m spite of tremendous noise* made Dundee 1er years recently broke steam until tender; then press for the iron kettle sets in the stove'*', bandied better, chipped bet this position there i* likely to be by the motor.	\n	un<* ^ the Harbor Trustee*
through a sieve. To three cups of If the kette is needed for potatoes *r and P^ced upon the table a lew wear, and a more completely Another argument in favor of warehouses, on the cas ern wharf this sauce add the well-beaten yolks the pail of oatmeal may be placed n‘ore toothsome art ice of food accurate adjustment is possible. the teleplione helmet is that it pro- and damage amounting to $150, (XX) )f three eggs, then fold in the stiffly in first and the potatoes put around than wa* on<? oum.mon- t There is If properly cared for, there is I tecta the wearer from gun deafness. caused
beaten whites of the eggs, and bake it.	«Tvater .incentive than this, really very little that is likely to leading French and English An aPPeal * the w-omen of the
in a well buttered dish until it begins I  *  Kven advertising, w hile it may get out of order for a long time in scientists ha\e made a thorough in- highland-* and the west of Scotland
to crack open on top. Serve hot I About the Early Bay Newspapers. cr(*a* a demand, nee<is this assist- the cream separator. Every part vestlgation on how the soldiers U8f the,r influence in obtaining Rhubarb Pie.-One cup of finely j ,\t a verv tarlv neriod dailv	^	to create a demand is usually well made. The adjust- hearing i* being affect -d by the I fruits for th- ar«.»> is made by
- ; E:EE£BB3rEi E,	Z
butter, ami a drop or two of lemon	printed ne«Kr,aper "as the	'hedemanck	far cream if only plenty of oil i« .applied, and l.vj-af	verity have been tenoudy d.-pr-d
juice. Bake with one crust, and (Ja,et e m l,| .l èd T \, remI,ot fvr wh*r<‘v,r th,>" «°’ cn‘an' 18 aPLcar<‘ '» taken to we that only the The mjur.es to the drum and the by students who have given their
amipgsi' -mjmm. bygmm
.tas^rjn	: is?	|||r Æy&j
Sffi&ffîsra	1	•	«
ter run over it	under the caption of "Publivk Oc-	####,##	^	b g gun*, are be«ng fired. 8,;me ye* get the bUck eye?
To place ferns upon the window currency. Both Foreign and Do	T" J	'	plug their ears with cotton, hut 0 Bnen-Oi paid Clancy a grudge
sill means their death, as the plants meMic,” but it was immediately	thia is not cindered sufficient, yisten'ay an’ thot’s the resale he
cannot stand a cold draught.	suppressed In 1704 the Boston	-1	Jeweler s wax is considered better gave me.
Every housekeeper should possess News Letter appeared, printed on	Labor saving machinery is being used more	° I* lWinK t,e ear8*
a wooden spoon for stirring all fruits one sheet of foolscap payer. It	and more on the farm.
To sharpen scissors take a bottle and cut with the scissors as if you had to cut the neck off the bottle.
hit
a part of Drumlanrig seat near Thornhill, in Dumfrieet-
Useful Hint*
Her Opposite.
Nell—Do you believe people should marry their opposites ?
Yes; my fiance lives just
£ ajggfe ja sad	tr" À "Sx=
and permanent. Now tiiat the pub- there are Ftume directions as to the it lie is learning to use it, they will turning. Some demand so many re-
mmmmm mmm
by making deliberate preparation* is observed in the milk that is be and laying plans to extend their ing skimmed. Without taking (operations in the dairy line.	of this, however, résulta are apt
< ream that is fresh, and that is to be uncertain, and it will be im For the best part of a score of ed the floor, digging out the gut- uniform, is the kind of cream that possible to get the machine down #*ars the best of the fertilizer made ter® and elevating the passageway »• wanted. To ensure the produc- to uniform work
s between the cattle as we had plan- Don of this kind of cream there When starting the machine it
*:•>„ ““j- $• ïr.3.5 *, t£TS'£ZT'~Z
lank floor of the stable and was and tamped it down thoroughly. i,n* of these, and this begins with speed has been attained pour it mi__
*st so far as crop production was Over this aran w# spread thrie the cow. Many cities to-day are into the machine before o&nmenc . 1 8ff\4?ment that draught; very rapidly, and a horse of concerned write* a correspondent and one half inches of concrete providing for the inspection of all ing to turn in the mi Hr. After all	S •!if .a,#CAr^ Cornmodlty weighty characteristic* is eaeily
Hie tom of fertilizer itself was no mixed in the proportion of one part cow* whoae milk is sent to them of the milk has been finally run ^ . r,Up” 1 when the war disposed of at a high price. Buyers ¦Man ’tem. The floors had to be cement to eight part* of gravel. The «aie, and some of them are un- through, another dome of hot wo-	nV 1 as * statement, but is are much lea* discriminating than
icp every few years \\ e liad method that we followed was to lay <ierisking to do the fame in the ter will do some good, helping to i »<,n 8t4>rn Ja( ts. a* the fol- they were because they find they tiMuight of cement, but it was not a piece of studding on edge three caA* of cows whose cream is *hip get the last of the cream out.	fxL.rac ,,m ‘The Farm cannot obtain a sufficiency of
<4,nvenien* to bring rnanuiu from inches from the wall. The stud- P*<1.	’_* -	u k 'r . r’ . a F'^^ent horses. The very best aiw excep
snamsiMs
55= amatenmr	Stas*
-....
era.
Bell
across the street.
This is effective.
To clean a mincer after using grind stale crusts of bread through it. The
Directions.
“And when shall I take the sleeping draught, doctor ?”
“Well, about fifteen minutes before you go to sleep.”
Always scrub a floor the way of the grain of the wood.
Concrete Work is Easy
care
Horses High Priced and Scarce in Britain
on our farm wac allowed to
f:
to I. One
work
It ia doubtful if
Anyone who can lay
6,
ad
a of living breed



###PAGE###3###
ROYAL
YEAST CAKES
I
' WÊê #
What Good Roads Mean to Canada

«
The best yeast in the world.
Makes perfect X bread.

The attendance to the rural Irom farms, and by the fading away meeting place	is diminishing ;	the	of tihs influence of the	character-
attendance to	the schoolhouee	is	building institutions of	the coun-
dwi rtdling; friendship is being sev- try.
e-red with the	neighbor living	a A great thinker says:	“If new
Short distance	away, aa well	as	ideas are abroad, new hope* ari»-
witth the person to whom, you regu- ing, you wiM see it by the roads larly send a letter, and the village that, are building.^ tiimultaneous-preacher is being discouraged, ly with the movement for the need What- is the reason for this? Inv of g<x>d roads arises one far reach-passable roads, and nothing else, ing idea, even more profound than Country communities are not going the enhancing of land values. It is to wado through mud to post a let- the social betterment of the world, ter, to go t% school, to go to church Canada is playing a distinguished or to visit a friend, neither will part in the uplift of the world, they suffer their horses, to attempt Now turn to the meaning of roads it. Thay w:M not be pestered with in the economic sphere. It is a doctor’s* bills because the road is good business policy. Canada’s transformed into a quagmire. Hu- manufacturers, men of commerce ral inhabitants are being degraded and business, admit that Canada
I needs such a policy, but because
in rath at
*
YEâeL£dKE$
m
ZSêL

« 1 r
... * ¦Jt.y.'u.
X>
A
;

A

%
%
\

V
suSomSSn M[îfE
Nk. \

*

£\
°&: M CANADA
EWGI11ET1 COHWNr UMITED V
TORONTO. ONT.


'
i
<3
MONTREAL
WINNIPEG
E«
/
•• •••••



-##!
ft
11
«r.

opinion that the total business is less than it was a year ago, although the demand appears to be improving. Prices have advanced materially in nearly all lines, and the increase is attributed to scarcity of raw material induced by the demands of the military upon the available supplies. Makers of travelling bags and trunks generally report a decreased business.
In the textile industry, where military requirements are being filled, manufacturers report a trade considerably above normal, but where the reverse is the case, the trade appear!


•'v pPB
• v-
educationally, socially and morally.
Country folk are not migrating to	they cannot see	any	solid,
cit ies because they don’t like rural stricted and available gain life, but because the roads, if they would accrue, they, don't care. The may he »u caMcd, are impassable, coat of a breakfast roll would be The*? people are intelligent enough trifling did it not cost the farmer to we that all the discomfort and	eighteen cents a	bust tel more	to
prevention of social enjoyment is	transport wheat	nine	mi I em	to	a
dUe to the lack of good roads. You	railway station	than	it did	from
cannot estimât® in dollars and	New \ork
cents the national loss entailed by of three thousan the constant withdrawal of labor I miles.



vC

?



era
Jr *

m*



4-V
1 - <0 t ¦

zm*



rpooJ, » distance id one hundred
to Live
«fc


a*
AT.
LONDON’S WOMEN VOLUNTEER RESERVES.
The picture shows Colonel Charlesworth (mounted) riding along the lines of her "Khaki Girls,” as the members of the Women’s Volunteer Reserves, are called, at Ealing, England, gaining in strength, and numbers daily, and their drills are as strenuous as those of the recruits of Kitchener’s army.	t
to be somewhat less than it was a_ year ago. The supplies of raw ma~ terials from Great Britain have become difficult to secure even at higher prices, and although there appears to be a movement in the Old Country to allow of a certain number of mills
The strong position in which the farmers of the Dominion were placed, with the exception of those in the drought-stricken areas in the southern portions of the Prairie Provinces, as a result of the marketing at ex-
THE RETURN OF PROSPERITY
The volunteer movement is
REPRESENTATIVE BUSINESS
MEN EXPRESS THEIR VIEWS. I cellent prices of their farm produce—	The value of the mineral produc- i ness from last year may be accounted
J particularly grains and cheese — has	tion in Canada this year will not like-	for by the collapse in the building
worked out apparently to the ad-	ly be as great as in 1914, when it to-	trades. But they add also, that manu-
If Ik« iQiit Ifnrvoat I* Un to Fxoec- I vantage of the groups of manufactur-	tailed $128,475,499, a decrease of $17,-	fact, rers with businesses not special-
i	'	ers whose products are distributed, 159,313 or 11.8 per cent, from that of ly active, are not inclined to purchase
wholly or in part, in the agricultur-	1913, the record year. The world-	supplies of hardware in quantities in
al districts. It is clearly shown that	wide depression in trade during 1914	excess of immediate requirements. It
purchases by the farmers have con-	would probably have been the means	is expected that good crops through-
Trade in Canada has passed the I tribu ted very largely to the mainten-	0f reducing the output of minerals in	out the country will partially revive
period of greatest depression, and al- ance of output in many lines. They	Canada even if war had not been de-	the building trades and to a propor-
ready exhibits signs of a sound revi- have continued buying their regular	dared. Hostilities have had the ef-	tionate extent will increase the sales
val in many lines, is the opinion of supplies and necessary farm impie-	feet of stimulating the production of	of their goods, and their outlook ac-l	purchases	of	sugar	y	the	people
the majority of representative busi- ments; and they have also been |	nickel however, and it is expected that	cordingly is not at all gloomy.	throughout	Canada	have	been	some
throughout the Dominion devoting a portion of their surplus	the mines of	Sudbury	district	will	In automobiles there appears to be	what erratic, the total business is	outbreak of war, at which time a de-
who have contributed their views to a fund to the improvement of their	show greater activity this year than	an undiminished domestic demand for	about equal	to	that	of	last	year, and c^ne was recorded. As a matter of
comprehensive survey of conditions farm properties. When the call came	ever before. They have also acceler-	machines of a popular price, but in	production	is	proceeding	steadily. fact	distribution of cotton goods
which has just been completed by the	to extend, wherever possible, the, ated the production of lead. Coal	the case of the more expensive makes	Sales in	the ordinary staples give no	** 8a*d to have astonished even those
Canadian Northern Railway. Less	acreage of important cereals, they,	mining appears to be almost as usual,	that condition does not prevail. For- ! signs of	curtailment, although prices	Prom*nenl *n the industry, that state-
than ten per cent, of those respond- apparently, exhibited no hesitation in although the large companies report a eign goods appear to be out of favor, have advanced in many lines.	| men** of course, refers to the general
ing, confess to a gloomy outlook;	making	the necessary outlays for ad-	shortage of ships to carry the pro-	and makers of Canadian cars, accor-	Manufacturers of drugs chemicals	*,a<*e’	*n<*	there	are	some	lines	which
more than ninety per cent., numbering	ditional	facilities. Meanwhile they	ducts. Even while operating	under	dingly, are generally optimistic re-	and patent medicines	unanimouslv re	aPPear	to	be	waiting	upon	the	crop
more than two thousand, report them- seem to have proceeded with building that handicap, shipments from Nova garding the future. The farmer as a port a <jecreage jn proflts jn their ^or a rev*va* activity. No doubt selves as optimistic as far as the im-	plans, and dealers in cement, paints,	Scotia, the largest producer of coal	class seems to have been in the mar-	business.	The volume of trade is I	activity in local mills is due tc
mediate future is concerned. Practi-	building materials of various descrip-	0f any of the provinces to points on	ket since last autumn to a greater ex-	standing	up fairlv well but thev state	*!*e c'os*nK supplies from formally all are agreed that trade condi-	tions, do not hesitate to pay tribute	the St. Lawrence River, notably Mont-	tent than was formerly the case, and	that the	increase in cost of raw ma-	eign countries which have beer
lions will rapidly return to normal | to the manner in which the farmer real, show a considerable improve- war orders have been a considerable terial and the impossibility of secur a**ecte<* the war. sfter the restoration of peace. A. has stimulated their marketings and ment in March over that month in factor.	| |ng further supplies from Germany !
large number are convinced that if the helped to take up the shrinkage in	1914.	in the fisheries industry, the catch	have increased their manufacturing
fis'vejt of 1915 is up to expectation, business. The farmer seems to have	It is evident	from the	reports	sub-	promises to be quite up to the aver-	cogtg an(j their difficulties generally
domestic business will be satisfactory	been in	the market for automobiles	mitted to the C. N. R. that the	large	age of other years. The closing of 1	The leather goods	business is also
In all the provinces. ,	of a popular price on a scale greater	manufacturing plants which in	nor-	the German markets has adversely af-|	g0mewhat abnormal	in character
In the survey, all classes of enter- than ever before.	j mal times produced machinery, loco- fected some of the exporters on the Tanners and those manufacturing
prise as defined by the last Dominion Keener perception by all classes motives, engines, boilers, structural Atlantic coast, but it seems that the ' leather into supplies for the armies of Census are reported upon. The pro- 0f the importance which agriculture steel, and so on, were adversely af- deficit from that cause is expected to Great Britain and her allies report a rinces have furnished the latest in- occupies in the business life of Can- fected when war was declared and be offset by larger shipments to the iarger business than they have hither-formation regarding the 1916 produc-1 a(|a ;g aigo noted. There is evidence	that they have been called away from	Old Country, whose North Sea fishing to	enjoyed.	Costs	of	stock	have	ad-
tion of the agricultural, milling, fish- 0f a disposition to lean upon the :	regular work and are now engaged in	fleets have been reduced by the Ad-; vanced	materially.	Boot	and	shoe
ing and lumbering industries. Coun- crops of 1915, and to qualify optimism manufacturing munitions of war for miralty requisitioning a large number manufacturera are inclined to the try towns and villages as well as the regarding the future with the re-	the armies of Great Britain and her	of trawlers to facilitate naval opera-1
large commercial and industrial cen- mark that "the crop is the determin-	allies. In some cases the entire plant	tions. With the possible exception of
très have been covered, and officials ;ng factor.” Special reports sent in	has been turned over to this new	the canned lobster trade, the markets
of the C.N.R. are inclined to accept by the various Departments of Agri- [	work, while in others the equipment	upon which the east coast fishermen
the views reported as frank state- culture, forecast a good yield on a is installed in part. Orders for muni- chiefly rely: the United States, Latin ments of present trade and its future largely increased acreage throughout tions of war from Great Britain alone countries of Europe, South America, prospects.	the Dominion. With the incentive of	amounting in value to $166,000,000	and the West Indies, have not been
The reports indicate that business high prices, farmers have devoted	have already been given in Canada,	seriously affteted. Preparations are .
In the	dominion, as a whole, is from	more time and care to cultivation, and	Although the effects are	not yet fully |	for a larger pack	than last year of |
15 to 20 per cent, below the normal	have used seed of higher germinating	felt, because the output	is but 10,000	canned salmon in	British Columbia
of one	year ago. Exactly two-thirds	quality than ever before ; it seems	shells a day, there is	scarcely any	and a home and foreign demand suffi-
of the	informants report a volume of	safe to assume that if only an aver- '	doubt that in a month it	will be 60,000	ciently strong as	to absorb the sup-
trade as good, or better, than it was age crop per acre is harvested, the a day, and that employment will be plies is reported from the west coast last autumn, while 12.03 per cent total output will be larger than in normal or abnormal in the plants en- dealers. The catch and the market-state they can not compare present any year since the growing of grain gaged upon these Government con- ings of the inland fisheries are appar-business and last autumn business be- was commenced in the Western Pro- tracts. Orders have been distributed ently almost normal.. — A total of trade is always brisker with vinces. The acreage in British Col- throughout the entire country, and 71,776 were employed in the fishing
umbia is said to have been more their influence ought to be felt in all operations and 26,893 were engaged | than doubled, and in the Prairie Pro- provinces of the Dominion.	in the canneries, freezers, fish-houses, |
vinces it averages twenty-two per Wholesale hardware men, manufac- etc., on shore. Of course these work- j cent. In Ontario the acreage is re- turers of plumbers’ supplies, and re- ers were employed only during the
tailers handling hardware, appear to 1 fishing season.
be agreed that their decrease in busi- j The distribution of food products ,

devoting their output for civilian pur-
throughout the country appears to have proceeded in normal volume with ' POBe8’ there is an expectation that a the possible exception of luxuries and	will prevail during the corn-
canned goods; however, dealers sayling autumn and winter, and where that the decrease in the latter which Possible, retail dealers seem to be followed the closing down of railway Putting in their stocks for the trade
construction camps and the slackening now*	—___
in the demands from the Western Pro- In ***** goods, conditions are devices, has been offset to a certain ex- 8cril>ed generally as almost normal, tent by a demand for military re. indeed, the prices which are now he-
quirements. It is apparent that while ing <Juoted by salesmen throughout
the Maritime Provinces are back to ~ the scale which prevailed before the
talions Domestic Business Will Be Satisfactory in All Provinces.
ness men
^ '	— — 4*	" ¦ -
Fine Cut.
"I certainly like the way our new cook prepares spaghetti."
"How’s that?"
"She runs it through the meat chopper first."
handwriting
Napoleon's bad that often he could not deciphei it himself.
was so

eS
rl'Jl
V
f


/
\ V»
ii
•/
WN^Mpi
them at one season than during the other. Apparently trade in the Maritime Provinces is affected least. In
the Prairie Provinces it is not nearly	I	HIHft
as brisk as it was last year, but opti- | ported to have been increased mater-mism is reviving under the influence ially. A similar condition obtains in of excellent crop prospects. Business the Maritime Provinces. In Quebec in Quebec is slow, but aparently im- the normal acreage is indicated, proving, and in Ontario it is gradual- Thh collapse of the building trades ly returning to normal. Broadly has been the cause of a substantial considered, the reports show that reduction in sales of Canadian lum-business in the towns and villages lo- her, and the belief is expressed that
rated in well-settled, fertile agricul- the domestic market cannot peranent- Mr. Randolph Bruce
tural districts is practically normal, ly improve until construction becomes known rancher in Western Canada, are of the opinion	,
EEE—H'mHsHEE SMsasa?
been curtailed to any extent. The the chief worry being in connection effect that the war will have on the tfoe advantages of earlier finishing chief falling off has been in the large with th availability of ships to carry Canadian farmer. The immense 0f cattle, the following are men-industrial centres. When reductions the forest products of British Colum- slaughter of cattle for the armies tioned by some of the leading cat In staff were made by manufacturers, bia, the Maritime Provinces and Que- jn the field will, he thinks, cause tie men :	Firstly, younger cattle
and by business houses last autumn, bee. Ontario exports chiefly to the a great increase in the price of make heaiver gains of beef on a retailers were forced to curtail ere United States.	beef, and those farmers who are similar amount of feed than .old
dits to customers thrown out of	Practically	all of the woodworking	raising cattle will make more mo-	cattle ; secondly, the money in vest-j
work, and in turn wholesalers were	plants which	are large users of lum-	ney even than those who are rais-	P(j u turned faster, being turned
obliged to scrutinize carefully all her in Canada are operating at re- ing wheat at a dollar-fifty per bu over in eighteen months, where credits extended to retailers. The duced speed. Furniture and piano ahel. Every effort should be made formerly it took from three to five people generally continued to pur- manufacturers report a trade as be- to* raise cattle for the market in am years ; thirdly, heifers under two chase necessary lines of food stuffs low normal, although it seems to be |arge quantities and as quickly as years old sell as readily as steers and essentials in other branches of improving. Makers of wooden ware p<Miible. Mr. Bruce is a great be- and finish more rapidly, trade as well, but dealers discovered are in much the same position. Sash j<ever jn aifaifa se the most metis- As the census statistics prove that goods not falling within that and door firms, and manufacturers of factorv food for the rapid raising without shadow of doubt, the value elM.iflc.tion were to denser of be-j build in* materiel confee. toe de- o( ,.(tle for bref.	of beef c.ttle in Cnad. it .teed.lv
mmwmmm mm
—-	the ueunl line, of good^ The dtotri-	much better.	The .hipping of muni-	h th.t more rtudy ha. been p.jd to	490. or .n «rer.ge of Hi 90 an ,n
button of orders for war materials	tions of war	manufactured in this	methods of increasing production,	crease of «M. • r head. Mr. H.
also exerted a favorable influence country is stimulating the business of	ear y days cattle were fi, Arkell, Assistant Live 8t >ek i
where it brought about a renewal of makers of packing cases. On the kept on the ranges from three to Commissioner for the Dominion I
whole._however, there appears to be flve years. Experience, however, Government, says that never in our
scant hope of a revival in the wood- has shown that the use of thor- statistical history have prices at working industry until after the crop ough-bred bulls and the conse tuned so high a figure either for
a revival In earnest quent improvement in the quality call to on the hoof or for meat in When that and maturing ability of market tile butcher shop as to-da.v. What ood-working cattle, together with heavier grain I it will be next year when the full planta expect to regain quickly their feeding, has made it possible to put effect of tin? war ia feU no one can j
¦inch beef on the market at toil.


«
à

a
\
\
l\\\'

» \
\
m
x\
It
\
$
V
The War and the Cattle Trade
\
\
LuM
a well-! from 13 to 20 months old. Experts
that with the
>
r

Pure Ice Cream
for the Children
Include plenty of City Dairy Ice Cream ip the children’s diet. In the summer time there is thing that can take its place—it’s cooling—it's a food and the child craves its sweetness them all the Ice Cream they can eat but he It’s made by City Dairy because “If It’s City Dairy, it’s Pure, that’s Sure”.
no-
Cive
• •
wire
VL
à
in several of the
tries In the large cities, and trade
the Sign, •

Collections, despite the alter
until the war Is over.
TORONTO.
tinned fairly good in the large
all the

juet
###PAGE###4###
NfAV TK1iKM(H)PK WILL 1SK IN OPKKATION NKXT WINTKR.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
THE EQUITY.
Hurling Death from the Air
l l>v Walter Klliott $10.1 William Cameron $4H0.:fc», as »ured and a r«, t, i by W. T. 1 and Kd. I >a>;g ; also that Svv.-Trv ix In nitthorued t.« pay for same. Carried. Motion Conns, llmlgin.s and Kubei That the Secretary In- autlnnized t< make the nvve»ar) arrangements lot the keep of 11. I longlas. Carried. Motion ( Huns Hu lier and llodgin' That the following bills I, paid
( w &l»h,
Philip Toner,
i! Blank Printing (
I: T. Ibnlgins,
Me Dow ell.
(
London, June 17. Two hundred and twenty one persons, mainly non-combatants, have been killed and many mortally hurt in the air raids during the past forty-eight hours.
he.spatehes from Amsterdam today stated that -Joo person* had t*een killed in the grew Karlsrhtie, oil Tuesday
A telegram from Paris said that five ;»er>ons were killed at Nancy by I snubs f rom f lerman aeroplanes.
i British Admiralty admits that nructed for ti:-* Dominion Govern >i\tev? i ' i wort* killed in the %ep id over the north -eastern coast uul Tuesday night.
The b -I!"wing despatch gave the details of the raid over Nancy :	“ Six
derm m aeroplanes took )»art, advancing in pairs. The French gun fire drove off four of the machines, but two fierai sted in the attack. One liomb cut open the skull of Madame ( .optant and Itilli'd her daughter on the spot, while they were seated in a hair dressing parlor. A painter was killed while at work. Of all the victims only one was a soldier/
*er

SHAWVILLE, JUNE 24. 1915.
Huge Instrument to Be Mounted on Little Saanich Mill Near Victoria, Has a Seventy-Two Inch lie tier ting Mirror—Star and Nebulae Photograph* May lie Taken Now With Fur tirealei Speed. . .
a
8
D
1
III
0
a
QO YOU contemplate building,
or making any alterations in that line? If mo, call in and see me ; place your orders early, and have material ready when re-
nt mets have liven
:1i ! i > ihouaand in tided by the Militia lVj ait ment un bracing the exjK'iiditure of nearly ont Kindred million dollai •uluxsttl sum it has been shown that 11
*
«
<
0
air raid of the alites over ipital of Baden, (îcrmany,
BOARD
I
0
0
Out of that
Canada is having built for her use the biggest telescope In the world. It is expected that it will be in operil is i ng C01
li
S \
)
6
i
Isold

mall fraction of thvvt only waa l<wt to the vomitry. \n«l yet people talk glibly about graft
ilm»nt Canadian manufav
I
I
\

0
yum
quivetl. Ask for a sutuple of BRA-
ation next winter
0

Mav.sui
i
i
runt
ment Observatory and will be placed on Little Saanich bill near Victoria,
0.C., aays Francis A Carman in Toronto Saturday Night.
The outstanding feature of the new telescope is that it is to have a reflector or inches in diameter telescope now in operation is that at the Carnegie Solar Observatory at I Ml. Wilson, California. The mirror of this instrument has a diameter ei sixty inches. The Carnegie Observatory has for some time been experimenting for a mirror with a diameter of one hundred inches; but ho far the success has been discouraging. A curious obstacle to the task, which would not occur to the layman, is that a mirror of this diameter is apt to beud under its own weight.
The superiority of the new Canadian telescope to the largest now in operation is by no means fully expressed by a comparison of the diameters of their mirrors. The mirror on the Dominion instrument is only one-fifth larger than that of the
...	. .	.	. u .. telescope at Mount Wilson; but It ,
,n	J.	eph Irving, jr.; John Andrew Rattray, will atlract nearly fifty per cent. Q
1 he competitioni is limited to -> en Wallace .James Hamilton Lu mm is, Isaac more light. The exact percentage ^ tries and we usually have only fnmi Stmwbridge and Krnest Augustus Mere- j8 forty-four. The result of this is to seventeen.	weather.	that the light in the image of the
---- — ------- ----- t_ I Beanies the prize for oats we will alsn The deacons, with the parishes to stars will be much more Intense. An
m attempt was also made to wreck the	receive this year #73.00 to lie divided	which they are assigned, are as follows :	observation may be taken In two-
irmory at Windsor, which fortunately	on one acre of	clover	to be judged	for	pev. Arthur Bell Caldwell, to	thirds	of the time necessary for the
seed. Farmers having a g*<xt show of Hemmingiford ; Rev. Wm. J. Farr, to smaller instrument.
.. P j ¦ f *i i clover should harvest the tir*t> cut at a g* Cuthliert'a Montreal * K**v. Jessie This superiority Is brought out : wv nt y-seven sticks ot dynamite tailed suitable time to allow the second cut to Edward King to Kildare and de Ram- iDto •harper	by comparing the
to explode. Herman sympathisers rrom mature properly for seed ptir|K*e«. The . rov. Huger Hailey Trill, B. A., to Dominion tel^^ with that now Detmit are believed to Is- reqmnsible conditi<ms re. the clover competition are curate in St. Alban’s parish, Bishop	lnH,r ,^pnt Which is a
........ 5T«2 'hrss: samss? as
which Britain and her allies are eon-	is August l uh.	cut, acting for the Bishop of Montreal,	nearly	twenty-five times as much
tending : they show also the neves-	Farmers ina>	select	three acres	of	Jiru| wj|| serve as curate of Trinity	light.	By it an observation—for ex-
•« ? •*•»«*	ssrzrssASs
.«niani the lives and property of our citi- numt*»r of competitors, but we must	~	_	)f the time necessary for It at Otta
zens at home as well as contributing in have them before the above named	*	m	“	e wa. (It may be explained parent he-
full measure to the need* of onr moldier» date*. If there are more than tien	Murrells	tie-aUy that a red eet t n g •'te 1 ea co pe
tries received for eon,tvtition* the lat	--- inch M the new Dominion Inatru
est entries cannot lie accepted even if This section of the township has lost t“ent* hfte a r#e?L>Cl#ntL mlhr[,or,hn
nsvivtul liefore the .latcs named	an old and much res,K-cted resident by	and more usual Teles-
It pay. to raise g,**i seed for your] the death of Mr. Samuel§ Smiley, which CQ such afl thal now in U8e at
.	Ktrred on the 14th instant after n Qttawa has a lens or “refracting”
titi«>ns you may win a cash prize ami brief illness, at the age of 78 years. ,nirror in the upper end).
I advertise your seed at the same time. The deceased was the third of a family There are a number of telescopes j Ask f«»r further information required of seven sons, two of whom iiassed in use which rank in size between j and make your entries at once.	away many years ago. Two others the new and tLe oid Dominion teles
I	R.	W. Hoi* H ns,	James and Henry died within recent	copes. Among them are a twenty-
Kec.-Treas. j years, and two remain—Kdward, the	four inch refractor In Arizona,
eldest, and Joseph, the youngest. This	thirty-six inch refractors at Ann Har
family although of Irish origin were all	bor, Michigan, and at Lick Observa-
farm a few inihs south of hliiwvilk lbe «‘eansls in Mars” have been tak- * fi;atrL»f <KX*upivil by lue-sfin-in-lgw, Mr. en by twenty-four inch instru- BUS (llStritt
H A. Brownlee. Nearly to year» of ment in Arixona.	purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order
In* life, however, were |<a**e,l in thi« The question which "the man In ru,'-u“oc‘°	r °
section, where his long, industrious	the street” at once wants to ask elsCwllBfe. Nothing tOO large—ÜOthlllg tOO small,
career was destined to close. In early	about a new telscope Is “What will
Mr. Smiley was married to the	it do that has not -been done be
eldest daughter of the late James Mc-	fore?" I put this question to Dr.
Lean, of Litchfield, who predeceased	W* F. King, C.M.O., chief astronom-
him over 30 years ago. The union was if for Dominion, and 1 put it to
arc : 1 honias of Hosmer ami Janies, of brlm of acienllûc caution.
Waldo, n. (..‘.John H on the homestead	will assist us in solving the
and F. E. of Shaw ville ; Mrs. H. A. problems of the motions and dis-Hrow nice, the Misses May and Lynda tances of the stars and nebulae,” at home ; Jessie and Maggie, of Hos each said, each speaking separately mer, B. V.	ind without consultation.
There was a very large attendance at I suggested that that was rather
the funeral which took place on Thune i general answer, an answer that	__ _
ilav iifti-rnimii to the Lower l.it.l,field »lsht have been given by several	SOTing COOdS
remetery. The servir,, w.* eowliirted generations of aatronomen and a.k- l,CTT	Q	-
....... ».	........- srsrss.-is.rsr» "s
drawn Into making claims. They said that the bigger reflector would enable them to observe and to photograph fainter stars—that Is, stars which are more distant or not so in
tense—and they suggested that it .	A .	#
would enable them to take a photo- | Lilli £111(1 SCR OUT StOCK Ol , graph of nebulae or comets. But further they would not go. Of cours# the size of the reflector and the consequent greater speed with which photographs can be taken by It, would materially assist in all observations made with It.
The entire cost of the telescope will be over S90.U00; but of this g bout two-thirds is due to the mounting, that is, the great tube which carries the mirror, the shaft to support it, and the machinery for operating it. An Idea of the problem involved is given In the fact that
æsSÆîîS I
produced by electric motors, no less remove the animal at once.
W. O. CORRIGAN.
Lot 12, H inge 4, Clarendon
l H
Wi
l

VKK BOARD, the coming Interior! j Finish for Dwellings and Fuhlit ||9
I
Wm Kcnnick


huuvh of
It'll
I
l
I
l
a
i)

0
)
Buildings
0

i
ui, To the Farmers
TRADE MARC
mirror seventy-two The largest
nth i
i
The minister of fin.ii» the statement that since Aug t
the Dominion ( ioverimient hadadxni
of the 41 advantages of BEAVER BOARD,
Can be applied in any season. Il.I	Are ever seen in walls and
A„y,.„e	.1.1. .«* bylj gST.SjMf.
following insti iu tions i tin IIqI	ful, sanitary. Forty-one
apply it.	Il n I	advantages. Call and see
Is pure Wood Fibre ill rough-|| 21 how it looks.
Ollt.	II51 For sale by
R. G. HODGINS.
i
:
5
01 NO CRACKS Q
!
few years the Agri LHviving a Ik' Used a>
I
I
I
y lia
i
N. M
<
t from
n courage the priniiivtioi giHni grain. The S<eiet> mu*t si* the kind ot grain for tin* rompvtitioi This year the grain competition is for p>ru\invo the sum of #3,- [three acres of oats, and the amount to
U-	is #73.00
Parties wishing to eompste mud Is
111 fill h<>r-
xvill tie paid out on these accounts be- entry fw 0f jq.oo and make their fore the fall and to cover the prohibit* tries on or before June 30th, when the additional expenditure a further sum of	entries must be prepared and
at ljuelec, who supplies the Judgi The aim is to judge the oats the early ripening fields have levn cut
tor tiiv pmrvlm.se of seed gran tiers in Saskatchewan and A!h i ta tin t $8.i:>$),Sâ8.2â and for relief t-
0
I
I
;
!
D
t
t
sum
J
settlers in the drought stricken districts of those tvs

8
i
1
0
M)0, making a total of #11,(>7 t,t)‘>8
I
R. Q. HODQINS. 9
9
Ordination Service
It i> expected that further amount


His Lordship Bishop Farthing held an oniination service at Christ Church Cathedral last week when four candidates for Holy ( )niera were ordained deacons and seven deacons were made
en
#7.">0,<XX) will l»e required
lief « m*
The Wedding Bells
priests.
Those ordained priests are the Revs
,,	j , xv , ,and yet late enough to allow the later william James Bradbury, B. A., Ferci
Corporation, Limited, at AN alker- varieties to mature sufficiently for judg | V;lj Samuel Carson Bowles, M. A.; Jos ville, Ont., which has been working on | ing their quality for seed purposes
a million dollar order of uniforms for
The Overall plant of the Beatwxiy
Sal
VS
the British army, was partially wrecked by an explosion on Monday morning ;
Will soon be chiming merrily throughout the
length ami breadth of the land. Young men and maid, ens fair will plight their troth,and the maiden’s friends —and they are legion—will wish to present her with a memento of the happy day. Where better could they suited than at this store ? Where else could they secure such superb specimens of Silverware, Clocks, Hand-painted China, Engagement and Wedding Rings, Pearl Pendants, Necklaces, or other valuable gifts, at the most reasonable of reasonable prices ?


did not Hiiccml liera use a charge of

for this outrage

go to show the far-reaching influence of


HANS SHADEL
Watchmaker and Jeweler - Shawwillo, Que.

at the front. That 46 eternal vigilance is the price of lilierty " was never more apparent than at the present admits «»f no quest ion.
By entering in these compt
own us<
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Hi

Hon. R. Lemieux s Statement branded as Falsehood


Hon. Rodolphe l/unieux at a Li liera nns ting in the Province of (juvlw some «lays ago made the statement that the n the Conservatives did not have an lection this spring was because the < bivernor-General refused to sanction dissolution of Parliament.
Sir Robert Borden, Prime Minister, vxhi-n this statement was called to his attention declared it to lie an 41 unqualified falsehood.*’
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
Unemployment and Politics
i
< Ittawa Journal
the rcprc-mtativesof we rnmunicipalitiesconferred with the Government recently they urged larger expenditures on | ib-lic work* as a solution for unet»] y-tuent.
The Toronto Methodist (\inference declares that the Government should plan “ large public works ” near centres of (Mipulation during gierioda of depression.
VV1
now
»



lift
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
I'liere is no need in saying that it
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
is surprising that Lemieux should makt such a statement
Those who know
The Angliian Hyiuslof Toronto passes a resolution of almost similar character.
All over Canada representative bodi are urging that the Govennent deal with the problem of the unemployed by increasing exjienditures on national works uherever and win nevei !»¦ nwible.
In .t f<»rtnight ag - Nil Wil
him and have followed his conduct in the House of Commons and on the buslines were not surprised, nor would they lie at anything he might say or do. In }*olitic,s he has always lieen notorious
f«»r his bitter partisanship and utter unlit fact, Mr. Lemieux, it would etu, would rather tell a i 1 even if the truth suited his pm
best.
es
Up-to-Date Tailoring
Vet
f rid Laurier wr<»t grower that $ l*een deleted fi
Just Arrived
western grain Vit>V should have the estimates of the f 1 r Works
pulessness
n
I IM
I
Dvi
W M
!
minister of Shawvitle
. .. Fancy Imported English Tweeds

• • •
In justice to the ex-Fostmaster-G
ral under Jaturier it may lie added that
the mily offender in j Archbishop Langevin Dead
resgivct in the Lilieral part)
but typical of the cat 1 which lias l»cen c<i
‘ Also a choice lot of Serges and Suitings made to satisfy you
THE MARKETS
i
by ii<i means
I
II
XrcbhMiop L
St I
\!
lied last \\
IS
i
f false!
ht H
I
\t

i
l< M H
Ready-Made Suits
Flour pe ibarrel $*."0
pei bushel, standard $1.23 | Oits,per bushel, 45c.
But ter,tubs, print sand rolls 21c. Potatoes per bag. 7Rc.
Kgg" per dozen 17c.
Pork per 100 Hides perlOO lb 0.00 Pelts 70 to 75 each Horse Hi les each 2.30 Calfskins each 6S to 75 Wool washed perlb.31 Hay per ton $10.50
The a
h<1
the Lilieral press and part) their defeat in 1011. But it h I and the Burden Oovermnc higher today
I mi
XV


!
I
I
Monday ex

1
1

I


i

i
MURRAY BROS., SH/^WVILLE.


*
\
!
7.50 to 8.00
I. T1
bv Arc I
I
i
w

I
if M
I fri«

i


Clarendon Council Minutes
The IshIv of the lat
‘ r
Miawvillv, June 7. 101"»
STRAYED

1
n the almve nesday and was the#
to :12c
H<»tcl Lieu until Wed
i
James Cathedral where it^lay it. stab until Thursday, when the f \ ices w« •• 1
The remains were placed on the cm train on Thursday night and veved to St. Boniface, wl toAk place.
cA NADIAN “XCIFIC
RAILWAY 00.
at 11, a. m. in Hynes’ Hall, Shaw
W. II Barr. Mavo:

(
met
i
I -
illors A. Bean, O. T. 1 >agg, XV. T. Burlier, Bert Hodgins and 11. McCord.
meeting read and
N I


Tlief )llowin»ar* lastSaturdaye quo! lh*n ®evcn °* (heae being required
to ensure both rapid and delicate vtjualinent. The whole instrumenta rotated to follow exactly the oiovementa of the stare by a “governor” mechanism, commonly called the driving deck. It Is the function it this dock to compensate for the rotation of the earth, which causes the apparent motion of the stars Only in this way, can the glass be kept turned to A definite spot in the heavens. the massive Instrument moving with the dock, but In a dl-
Lalge is in session will be prosecuted|tion of the construction of the ob- Ith range of Thome. Anyone I
wrvatory In British Columbia, the dimn girding this notice will be Government of that province am with according to law 1 |i providing $10.000 to purchase tb»>
Secn tarv I rite and am constructing a road to it 71 mm the city of Victoria
w*
Mi mit
.»«!•.on motion of coj
n«l Bean
Motion—Conn a. McCord and Ibigg— That Janies Cotie >*• notified to build bis portion of sideline fence between lot* S. half of 19 and 20, range 11.— i i'-*i
( Adjourned for one hour.)
Afternoon session—same mein tiers ; #rcwnt, also roun. Tho*. Rades. •
Motion—Conn*. Eudes and Dagg—
•t flu n. ,	1» Mtith fed
notify all persons in arrears for taxes.—
1 ti
Motion—Conn# Bean and MeCord— That this (’minciI *np|dy Oeo. Dunlop ISO 4 inch tile to be used on roadside ofi|io*ite the R, I ward Rades property.—
ion
¦ i
Reduced Fares
Butter. In prints Butter in palls 25 to 28c Kgg*. fresh, ner .toeen IM to 22© Potatoes per bag 65 to 76c.
Pork, per 100 lb* $11.00 to 13.50 Beef, per 100 lb*. $10.00 to 12 50 Oat# per bushel 60c liar per ton 17.06 to 16.00
toittc
STRAYED
Dominion Day
Strayed from the premises of the
«lersignrd one two year old heifer. ____
May 27th. Color roan and due to calve. Any Information that will lead to her whereabout* will be thankfullyreoeived.
W. J. BROWN. Portage du Port Road.
un
on
Lowest one way ftrot-cl*** fare. I bite of sale July let, 1915. Return limit July lit, 1915,
Lowest one wa and one third.
90th and July limit July 2nctf
PUBLIC NOTICE
Province of Quebec,
Munici|»ality of Clarendon
Public Notice is hereby given that the Municipal Council of the Township of Clarendon, and the Valuators will meet at Hynes' Hall Shawville, at the hour of ten in the morning, of Monday, Jtthr 5th, 1915, to iwoceed to revise the Valuation Roll. All parties interested are respectfully requested to attend.
K. T HODOFN
Shawville, June 16, 1915
ay first chi*6 fare I bite of male June lut, 1915. Return
1915
NOTICE
will leave Ottawa 7.29.
c'-iMr ssï*1*" —"
i «
MM
a« rording to law.
Signed on behalf of the Order,
STEWART STARK,
to aay
dealt

M otihn - Cou
That we accept the cedar* delivered to
s.
AUGUST SCHOC’K. Udy*mith, June 6, 1916.
June 11, 1916


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
SUMMER REQUISITES
Kton Loses Heavily.
, There are 1,061 old Etonians on 4 Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests. | ictlve service in France, Belgium, AL
rlca, and In the naval force. Of these ....	...	.	. *	*	,133 have been killed in action, seven-
4t Snawwle, County Pontiac, Que. een have died of wounds, no
founded, thrlty are wounded and prisoners, and twenty-six missing.
Knowledge and timber shouldn't be much used till they are seasoned.— Oliver Wendell Dolmea.
HALT MARSH HAY. ‘
Railway Fire Protection.
* The Canadian Northern Ontario tailway is arranging to install an efficient Are protective system along ts new line between North Bay and Port Arthur, in accordance with the •equlrements of the Railway Cora-nlssion. Th*re will be twenty-three ipecial patrolmen with track velocities. and two head patrolmen with >ower speeders, covering portions of he I in* where the fire hazard is greatest. Where the situation will jermlt, the sectionmen and other regular employes will perform such >atroi and fire fighting work as may >e necessary.—C. L. in Conservation.
When you want the best value for your
, money In ..
SHINGLES
at $1.65 per M and up
ANo Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards, Fiocring. End Matched Hardwood Flooring, Mouldings, Doors, etc.,try
StniscRîprioîf, Il a Year în Advance
All arrears must be paid up before any paper la discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Boys’ Buster Suits
A. F. CAMPBELL.
Made of Gingham, Clmrnbrays ami Galatens.
Very
strongly built,.with sailor collars and some with plain neck bands. Fine for summer roughing. Values from
isox 455
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for	——
1st Insertion and ft cents per line or each | Nova Hcotla Is Famous For Grass** subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch
Local announcements Inserted at the I and practically Inexhaustible dyked
rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion marsh lands around the Bay of and 5 cents for subsequent insertions.	—	--------
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rate* which will be given on application.
Advertisement# received without Instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged
accordingly.
Arnprior. Out.
Grown on Dyke Land*.
Nova Scotia is noted for the large
75c. tu $1.50 per nuit.
A
Ancient Silk.
A book published In Japan 1,000 years ago notes that at that time good illk was already produced In twenty* lye provinces of that country.
“BRODER” STORIES.
PROMPTLY SECUR
Fundy, which have been from time to time reclaimed from the sea. When the French came to Nova Scotia early in the seventeenth century they found large areas of land for I along the banks of the streams emptying Into Bay Birth, msrriage and death notices pub- were covered with water at every (shed free of charge. Obituary poetry | tide. These they began to reclaim
by building dykes and this work was continued by their English succej-
!
i
r INVKN-1 sent free.
fur
Kids’ Rompers
V isr.lt. w |
MARION & MARION.
364 University St.. Montréal.
1 UU fi
IS W 111 I >
;
Without a doubt the most useful of garments for the little shavers are rompers. We are showing mostly Sans and blues in 25c. and 35c. values.
Member Fur l>un<!a* Is (alb d “Wittiest Man In Dominion House."
More good stories have probably been to d by and about “Andy"
Broder, member for Dundas county in the House of Commons, than ibout any other present-day Parliamentarian. This is apropos of an important event in the honorable gentleman’s career, to wit, bis seventieth birthday, which was celebrated recently with appropriate ceremonies.
Though "Andy” himself was born in Canada, his parents both came from the Emerald Isle, which probably accounts for the nimble tongue that has won him the title of the wit of the House. For all occasions and In every company he has an appropriate story, as, for example, in a certain election campaign, when some Liberal workers came to him with a proposition which struck him us decidedly one-sided.
“Your scheme reminds me of an experience I once had with old John
said he. “John wanted to buy some cattle from me, and he picked out five splendid animals When he came to get them I expected that he would bring the money along to pay for them, but he didn’t. He could only take three at me	he was driving them
)tT when I ventured to say something T1 HE sole head of a family, o any male About settling for them or else give *¦ over IX year* old, may homestead a me security that they would be paid i quarter section of available Dominion for	I land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al,	TT,
John indignantly. Haven t 1 left you Sub-agency for the District Entry
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
declined.
JOB PRINTING.
sors.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and The soil is composed of inorganic cheaply executed. Orders by mall red mud brought In by strong tidal promptly attended to.	. currents, of alluvial sediment con-
sisting of the drainage of the uplands, and of putrescent vegetable matter and other particles deposited by the rivers flowing into the Bay. The action of currents and the unceasing motion of the tides agitate and disturb this mass and thus diffuse It equally on all sides, but at the mouths of the riven it accumulates to a great thickness. The fresh waters there meet with the resistance of the ocean and are, In a great measure, arrested In their progress.
""-Kîiœ™,1 sssjs aas
Doctor of Dental Surgery. Unlrerelty of the water, subside, rapidly and
forms a rich and deep bed. The water of the bay near these rivers is not only discolored, but actually turbid with the great quantity of matter held In solution. The marsh soil/} vary considerably in texture, from the light loams around Truro, Colchester county to the heavy clays In the neighborhood of Grand Pre, Kings county.
There are two classes of marsh lands—red marsh and blue marsh. The red marsh Is by far the most extensive and by all odds the best, and, when properly under-drained (the most important feature of marsh farming), has produced enormous crops without any added fertiliser for periods of over a century. The blue marsh or low marsh usually occur In a belt along the inner margin next the upland where the surface Is lower than the outer edge, or In s smaller areas scattered over the general marsh. The blue marsh contains large quantities of partly decomposed vegetable matter, the soil particles are very flne, giving the soil a smooth cheesy sort of texture. Owing to the presence of decaying ~ vegetation, the blue marsh gives off a fetid sulphurous odor. The so-call-• ed broad leaf hay, which Is used extensively for cattle feeding In certain portions of Nova Scotia, is grown upon this marsh. In some cases, when under drained and limed, this soil has been used for producing finer grasscu, but only to a limited extent.
The tracts of red marsh are equal,
If not superior, In fertility to the celebrated Scotch Caries of Oowrie, Falkirk and Sterling; and to the , water-formed lands In England, i which border on the many rivers emptying themselves Into the Hum-There are fifty thousand acres
- of this description In Nova Scotia, I at Windsor, Newport, Falmouth, j Horton, Cornwallis, Annapolis, Londonderry, and at the Head of Co be- | • quid Bay, all of which have been gained from the sea and are preserved from it now by regular lines of embankment.
_	_ __ In Its natural state the red marsh
•CAMPBELLS BA!,* QUE. land produces a strong coarse aquatic grass; bat when well drained, it Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed- grows magnificent crops of hay and xiesday and Shawvl.’le every Saturday, grain. The well cultivated portions
yield the usual upland English hay grasses, which become very luxuriant, but not rank, producing from two to four tons of the best of bay to the acre. In less well-drained j places coarser grasses grow, but | these too are of good value. Root j
Embalmer and Funeral Director hropa win grow in this sou but not |
to the best advantage.—A. J. C. in | Family Herald and Weekly Star. I
v
Men's Balbriggan Underwear
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, farm - Last Saturday,
of each month.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Shirts and Drawers in two thread Balbriggan. Natural cream color. Exceptionally good value 50c. per garment. We are show ing combination* with, and without short sleeves, full length and ankle length drawers, at 75c. and $1.00 per garment.
Professional Cards.
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST Campbrliji Bat - • Qvx.
Ladies’ New Neckwear
New Net Organde and Lace. Collar#, plain and pleated with, and without revel’s. Also a lot of collar and cufT setts in a variety of embroidery effects. Values 25c. and 50c.
Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
*
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
R.	A. DRAPEAU, ILL.
Ville Marie Que.
S.	A. MACKAY
Gent’s Neckwear
When it comes to Neckwear, we are out with the goods. Safe to ha y no finer quality can be obtained anywhere at the price. We particularly specialize a line of neckwear a 150c.
wo mighty fine cows as security for ! hy proxy may be made at any Dominion
j Lands Agency (but not sub agency) on
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
the debt that I’m now owing ye?’ I Hi
“That’s just about the kind of pro- j « ertain conditions.
position you’re putting up to me oow, boys," added “Andy"
From 1892 to 1896 Mr. Broder was Collector of Customs at Morris-burg. He had occasion once to stop
Que.
Belts,
Underwear,
Socks
Duties.—Six months' residence upon fini cultivation of the land in each of three years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at least HO acres, on certain conditions. A habitable house la required % woman who attempted to smuggle except when residence la performed in a live rooster Into the country con- | in the vicinity, cealed under her shawl. He Invited In certain districts her Into his offlce. and with the eood Handing may pre empt a quarter-
greatest gravity proceeded to ques- 2?“°"?a"re	home,,tel‘d Pric*
it, its breed and pedigree, etc. Then patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation, w" en he had worked up to the pro- Pre-emption patent may be obtained as per climax and the poor woman was soon as homestead patent, on certain on tenterhooks, he announced, “I’ve conditions.
decided to let you take the bird A settler who has exhausted his home-
¦STS SSJTJSSZAP
And what might that be, sir, ask- months in each of three years, cultivate )d the woman anxiously. “That you 50 acres and erect a house worth $300. never allow this Yankee rooster to The area of cultivation is subject to redrew in a Canadian barnyard," said ductlon in case of rough scrubby or stony he gravely.	land. Live stock may be substituted for
Among his constituents “Andy” cultivation under certain conditions.
Broder Is deservedly popular, and here is a specimen of the way he wins favor
Braces.
f
«. MILLAR. L.L.L
C. F. HODGINS GO
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - - Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.

a homesteader In
D. R. BARRY, K.C


BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC-
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday.

We are ready for Your
.. Spring and Summer Trade
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
| |P RICE j REASONABLE.
Roofing,
Sheeting

W. W. CORY. C. M. G.f Deputy of the Minister of the Interior N. B. —Unauthorized puhllca' n of
meeting in Dundas county Just prior jthU advertisement will not he paid for. to the reciprocity election. It was a
mixed gathering, and in the crowd __________________________________
was a woman with a squalling baby. |
After several interruptions, some of
the audience began to grow Indig- UFIP PROTECT
nant, and to cries of “Hush!” there " — — ^	W
THE DEER.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
196 Main St. - Hull.
He was speaking at a

De7.



SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PHONE BELL
d. Ernest Gaboury, LL. 6
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
G. W. DALE
were added exhortations to “Take it out!” But “Andy” knew better than to make a complaint. He merely , remarked In an aside, “Never mind by reporting at once to the undersigned
the child, friends; surely you ought %Dy violation of the Game Law you halo know that a crying baby is Can-	,	...	.
ada'a best national anthem.”	Cofne *wsre of* L,ber*! compensation
Then there is a story told of how paid for convicting evidence^ All cor-he was once appealed to by some of his Catholic constituents, who were accustomed to hold their services as often as a priest could visit them in the house of one of their number.
The accommodating householder was away, and the priest had no place large enough in which to say mass.
“Andy,” appealed to, secured the use
of the Orange Hall and there, under Province of Quebec, )
a srsu sues. r.
der, the service was held.—1 Craiek In Toronto Star Weekly.
And other Game during Close Season
respondence strict y private and confi-dental.
GEORGE HYNES
N.McCUAIC
Prov Game Warden.
Bryson, January 1913
=71
Main Street,Shawville.

m
The C.P.IL Idea.

Personal attention.Open all hours.
In any organization so large as hat of the C.P.R., where under normal conditions over 100,000 employes are on the payroll, one great problem is that of keeping the employes, so to speak, dynamic, part of i living organization and not of a mere machine. Zeal and ambition must be kept burning.
One system introduced on the Western lines with this in mind has proved exceedingly efficient superintendent or foreman or head of a department makes two reports % year on bis staff. Bright men are thus earmarked for special promotion. If any man is criticised the report is shown to him and initialled oy him before It goes to Winnipeg. He gets a square deal, and If be has my life in him be mends Jila ways io that no such criticism can be aside twice. Then again, there are ndependent scouts, looking for the bright

1.
V. io

w; a.
In tiif. Circuit Court
At ChniioAii.
I*OT,YI>ORK DKSJAHDIN8, | the Township of Allumette lain ml in the County and District of Pont Lie, farmer ami hotel kee|ier,
UNDERTAKING
of
"MADE IN CANADA"
('annul Itufund Tax.

A matter of importance to the public and the railways has been settled by the Government.
HAYES & FINDLAY


Ford Touring Car Price $590
SHAWVILLE
MAIN STREET
Plaintiff,
A nice J
point has been raised as to the poa- i sibillty of refund of the war tax in case a person should change bis or her mind in regard to the contemplated trip by train or boat. If the railways insisted upon the tax in such cases of changed Intention. It was altogether likely that the public would set them down as extortioners.
Accordingly the railways submitted the questions to the Government
(opposite J. II Shaw's.)
v*.
ALEXANDER M« ALLLY, of the
Township of Allumette Inland, in the County nnd District of Pontine, lnlxirvr. Defendant. The Defendant in ordered to ap-l>ear within one month.
Chapeau, 11th June, 1915.
P M< MAHON,
Clerk Circuit Court.
All calls will receive prompt ipersonal attention.

i

Each

J. V. FINDLAY
W. J. HAYES.
r workmen are in the saved in a Ford 1 car is
The l
t



<

X
U Need A Safe
I Ml

tht* highw
r
l I
Tl
a d
i

Î
It
ft*..


TO PROTECT YOVR BOOK*
l
I
—what should be done m case un- ! province de Quebec, * used tickets presented for refund to fStrict de Pontiac, i agent before the train starts; to | Xo. 781. agent or general office after train departs ; the same or some following day; in the case of passenger tickets; in the case of sleeping car tickets; In the case of parlor car tickets; In the
hip tickets
swer which the railways received was as follows :
Is

** Mad ir
(5
t
I (
I
AND RFVORUM rROM DESTRUCTION
huil



in our profits if gust 1, 1914, and
aha
* of Kurd we sell 30,1100 August I, 1913
Runabout #340 ; Tow < Inhir headlight*

¦ U
Co va î>k Circuit
i
In Case Of Fire

à Chu i>ee u.
POLYDORR DKSJARDINS, ....
Canton de l'Ile des Allumettes, dans le Comté et District de Pontiac, cultivateur et hotellier.
Plaignant,
n, the tidy station agent, IHHHHfcfnearteous	the^gg
rewired the esencj for thl. Die-1 **l I» »¦ emerreney. the lerenUre the far-famed Reliable Fire ! oechanlc. the stenographer who can
•un the office when the chief In ab-¦¦¦¦¦¦¦rtkill for
dn
Car$Hi F < B Foni, with all equipment, including electric
n die|day and sale at

I have
The an-
ew# of #1



Proof Safe and Lock Co., wh
O. A. HOWARD - DEALER Shawville, Que.

and will be pleased to quote prices on the veral style# manufactured.
The Combined Office Desk and Safe
rotas
atonal mad# or farmer's equipment. It 4e the most convenient outfit ever ted.	-
Price# away below those of the city
vs.
merit only not for faults.
Over the whole system of the Cam
There can be no refund of the tax
ALEXANDRE Mc ACLLY, du
Canton de I Ile des Allumettes, dan# le Comté et District de Pontiac, j<m mal ienr. Défendeur.
Kl est ordonné nu défendeur de mropnraitre dans un moi». Chapeau, 11 Juin. 191&.
P. M< MAHON, Greffier
de la Cour de Circuit»
ticket In sold and the tax collected
la the Domia-and nothin* but an Act n get U
%
wade by employee are not only welcomed, hut lead to promotion. They |o to the Record Office,


• n
t
statement of the employ#'# career Is

To make a refund of the tax
attached to the sug
it Me a special Act would have to bo
m consul- r i by a committee
M. R. McGMUB.
Shawville,
###PAGE###6###
JL
M
%
IM
Silver Gloss
LAUNDRY STARCH

Woman Against Woman
i
U
i;

means periect starching, whether used for sheer Laces, dainty Dimities, delicate fabrics, Lace Curtains
or Table Linens.

or A Terrible Accusation.
À
t
4
t «

I
I
*;
U
MM
il
4
* **¦ * H
l
CHAPTER XVII.-(Confd.) |	^«11 not know,*' he .-wered,
“No! no!” she gasped. “Not for for you both—that I would not help the world! 1 trust you! I love you. you \ could?"
Do you think 1 would stand in the *.% know! \ know!" she answered, way of his happiness? Oh, when 1 ««gut there is nothing under Heaven think of the misery I have caused that can help either of us now. We him; when I think of all the shame muat bear the burden and trust to and torture he has endured for my Heaven. There is no happiness in sake, I wonder that 1 live. It has aq the world, so why should we ex-only been the thought that through pect % more than the rest? 1 am all he has loved me, only the	poor	ready to continue in the way	that
belief that in some	sort of way 1	was	f ate * has marked out for me as	pa-
necessary to his happiness that has tiently as I can." kept me alive at all. But if 1
thought he loved you—if I knew—-I	CHAPTER XVIII.
would not for all this world stand in	wa8 a long, hard day to bear,
his way for one litle minute. You jonJf ,t8 burdens, long in the ter-would not deceive me, Ailsa? ^ ou rible suffering that was sent upon would not make him hate me, because t|iat afflicted household, and I kept him from happiness? iou haps Ailsa suffered most of all would not let me	add that to	the	Without making it apparent,	she
other sins that I	have committed	managed to avoid Lloyd Ogden,	giv-
against him?"	.	ing as an excuse that Mrs. t)
The beautiful quivering face was needed her, and it may be that Lloyd hidden in the meshes of disheveled love<l ber all the more for her strict go nier. hair. It seemed to Ailsa that attention to the one he loved next she would have died to have spared to her that voung wife the additional sorrow
mi
!

I

m
ï
April “Silver
Gloss’*
ha» been the
]|| favorite in the ! home (oc more
V.T'r l 50 year# 55**| ATQROCERS
a
i
i

y
T/
e
I
ye*
I
II i
w a i [cwa

<
\/% jNjL# %
i
r
fcr

5l LV

%

île Canada Surd Ce. Uelteé
m


m
<**


55
- ^

per

x

W<.V
#T<
Turks Confined llvhiml Netting on the l)evk of n British Warship*
ACTIVITIES OF WOMEN
unraven
Particulars are lacking (doubtless for censorial reasons) as to the exact circumstances or locality in which these Turkish prisoners were taken, butt the photograph came from a certain place in the Mediterranean. Presumably, therefore. they were captured during the naval operations in the Near hast.	Marriages are contracted very enrlj
I ^_	passed silently from the f*, photograph is interesting in itself as showing the ingenuity of the British sailor in arranging aii -n porsja
“Hush!" she whispered, soothingly; observing that Doctor Paxton was-- -	¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦...	¦¦ — » --—-------- —..	- "J --” There are 62 policewomen in the
####
influence which is ruining you body p was jate perhaps nine o’clock in disgust and reproach in them for all vision of God’s wonderful creation— name, on the battle field beyond the Kenlownak, B.C., school teachers and soul. You will help me, will you the evening when Doctor Paxton en- the happiness the earth might hold."| sleep!	| Marne, were told in a letter that Alex- have put on three quarters' pay.
not? You will do all you can ? There tere(1 Mrs. ' Dunraven’s room, and To her surprise, Dunraven was	(To be continued.)	andre Millerand, the French minister
will never be any question then of topping by Ailsa’s side, placed his upon his feet and laid his hand heav-	-+—- 0f war, has made public.
SHBÈajrvd:±EE|taB,"
were hanpy then, were you not? | * §he started, and shrunk back from hoarsely.	nwide to the human skull as "a sol- Thelle, little Andre said to his mother, aa members of councils in England
Mrs. Dunraven had forgotten her him, her face whitening.	i ^ s^e * " s we red, fearlessly. “I dier s drinking cup." But do you “I’m going to follow the soldiers!" ancj Wales,
former suspicions or she might have	can’t—go!" she gasped. “You value his respect more highly than know the origin of this expression ? Off he went, and the regiment he fol- The average wages of 126,000
observed the wistfulness of the tone, must understand how—impossible it	?°v* an<* beyond The barbarous custom of con- lowed was soon in the thick of the working women in Chicâgo are less
swered. gently:	“There are some things that re- hut with God’s help and the strength w ancient times among the fierce During the three days of the Battle jn Pennsylvania provides for a wo-
“So happy! He worshipped me uire talking over,” he said, quietly.	1 shall pray of Him, it is all past and	tribe» of ancient Europe,	and was	of Boulliancy the youngster remained man censor at a salary of 20,500 •
then; 1 know it; and let what may js necessary! You will under-	done with. Leslie, I—I am going to	not unknown to the more	civilized	by the side of the lieutenant on the
come, those days, that memory, can j Rtami when you have seen him. Go,	»sk you something a favor. Will	regions of the south. The Italian	firing line, and would not leave him,
never be taken from me. I have chilci. I will wait here until your >ou grant it.	.. poet, Marino, makes a conclave of
seer, the change come over him daily, return. You need not be afraid. I &he was looking at him beseeching- r	«
hourly, and it has broken my heart, wijj 8ve ^hat you are not interrupted ly, prayerfully. She even leaned her knowing it to be all my fault—all, hv any one.	hands heavily upon his breast,
all! I have no word of censure fori $he seemed to realize to whom it breast.
him, no thought. He has been good-	was ^hat he referred, but had	not	“What is it?" he asked, hoarsely,
ness itself—so kind, so thoughtful,	length to combat his wishes.	She	j “Go away for a while. Out of the
¦	always—but 1 have bowed ^er head and rose to do his | country, if you will. You will need
watched th*' mad passion go out of bidding, passing into the next room j change of air, change of scene. I his kisses; I have watched the love-j beyond, and after only a momentary	promise you that I will remain here,
light die from his eyes; I have felt hesitation, into Dunraven’s sitting-	that I will take your place beside
his arms looser about my waist. 1 room<	I Ethel, that I will save her for you,
have seen the change daily, hourly. I He was lying upon a couch, his face that nothing shall happen while you	0	,.
have striven to close my senses to it; I	R0 white and drawn, as to be almost	are away. It would be the greatest	*'ie	old .Scandinavian sages	re
I would not believe it; but it has	unrecognizable. He held out	his	kindness that you could show to me	present	as among	the	delights of
been pitifully true. And the fault is band feebly as she entered, and with or to yourself. Will you go, Leslie the immortals the felicity of feast-al! mine: yet I am helpless to pre-J a j^t]e sob Ailsa went forward and —for my sake ?"	.	* ing and drinking to drunkenness
vfin(tki,t- Yh “v® h»fi«v^.yinPem»0nHn,'i flun* her,elf upon her knees beside He hesitated a moment, then turn- from the skulls of the foes thev had
- æt&rsr—».
you required it of me. Leslie loves gurejy cun do no harm to those “What’"	Guebree as exposing the dead
me. but he does not believe what I, others who will demand all the years “That vou will be no man’s wife ***%»» ^ their parent» to the fowl» have told him He does not accept of our Uves to come. We can’t ro unti, fcome back and give you my of the air until nothin, but the
EE” - -2% b» 8,OW,y’ 'M° y°U	-n^r	SThï"
Not for ten thousand worlds would get that you had ever spoken such “That I will’he no manN wife un-she have answered in the negative words to me, but it is a curse upon L., , have	ur permi8sion...
Not for life, nor even Heaven, would me that 1 can not! From this mght	wi„	to-morrow!” he return-
jtat S tU .h.*Sk .«M Zdï «SK! »	“r 'V,”'SSd".,! /
!’sh. rA*.	,r	Ai... T-	g? «$j| &
8h. returned the gaze steadily, and *i have said it	have entered her own, she met Lloyd |-
..	HFSHaF -he
Fthel sank back, and another ex- Tell me that that is true.	“What a nleasure it is to see vou
piEBfrEÇF &.%	S
s % «ja s&ïsEE--X sr.!r^stfirA Mi's
Ailsa.	I rible sacrifice! he cried out. ^hy others "
Ethel?” he asked, t.X‘y ”Ata l^e.cCthln^etv^,Invent	8,ight,y and anSWered
mmmmm
"nance when she had first entered for the sake of reward?"	P She lookLTt him
that house.	I “Yes!" he cried, passionately; "the	looked at him.
“Not a word!” she answered, light- reward of happiness; what else? Do I H°>v honest and trustworthy he ly. “I resign you to her with the we wilfully and deliberately cut our-1 looked. There was not a line of greatest pleasure, because I love her. selves off from every joy because of treachery in all that strong, hand-too. Neither of you will rob me of An empty word? We are not gods,! some, glowing face. She thought the other. Ailsa can tell you it was we are mortals. Divinity would not I how it would change if he had known my plan from the first. If you are expect it, else would we be as great I where she had been and whv. She both as happy as l wish you—’’ as Divinity Himself. Ailsa, why imagined the look of reproach that She did not complete the sentence, should I argue and plead ? Let love would darken those eyes. A SWl There were tears in her eyes. Lloyd be my prayer, nothing more. I love ! «rose in her throat and choked her, bent his head and kissed her, and you so well that I would resign the X*t she tried to smile as she said,
Ailsa escaped from the room.	whole world for your sake. I love unsteadily:
She went swiftly through Ethel’s you #o well that I care for nothing I think I sm nervous, overwrought, boudoir to Dunraven’s room, never above or beyond you. Do you love Let me go, Lloyd. To-morrow I *hnlr pausing to knock,and found the doc- me less, dear?”*	be myself again.”
tor still there.	He looked into her eyes eagerly, He detained her only to press a
“How is he?" she asked him, yearningly.	Hit# kiss upon her brow, to murmur
breathlessly.	, For a moment it seemed that her a “God Hess you," and open and close
“Better," he answered, softly, strength would fail, that the test had I the door behind her "That is, he has regained .conscious- been too great, that she would yield She threw herself upon the bed ness; but I fear an illness. He is rav- to her own desire which was only a fully dressed in the darkness, ing a trifle; speaking of—the past." little less than his, then the innate To-morrow! What would to-mor-Her face grew pale.	.	purity of her nature conquered.	row be like to her? Would not the
“What part—of the—past?" she, She tore herself from him, and whole world
stood up.	*	when there was no longer a prospect
“I love you less!’ she cried, desper- of seeing the face of the man she ately. “I love you less! It is not loved? She remembered how she the world I fear to lose, but the re- listened for hie footstep almost spect of your wife, of my future hue- consciously. How her heart had hand, of my God, and—my own self! trembled at the sound of hie voice 1 1 could not look into the eyes of my What a thrill of ecetaey had passed
The doctor
It is claimed that women are drinking to a greater extent than they
Nineteen women are now serving
year
Woman suffrage leaders claim that even though the German artillery and I 49^ pvr cent. 0f the territory of the friends in Pandemonium quaff wine machine-gun fire swept the ranks. | United States is suffrage territory, from the skull of Minerva. In his Lieutenant Grivelet was wounded,
“Wonder of a Kingdom makes IXakker lay:
“Would I had ten thousand soldiers’ head®,
Their ekuilHs set in silver, to drink healths
To his confusion w1ho first invented
Two women will be on the commit-Torrent and, still under fire, Andre carried the I tee that will grant pensions and al-
officer’s sword, revolver, maps, and lowances to disabled British soldiers equipment while they looked for an ] and sailors, ambulance
so generous
Although she is past 80 years of The lieutenant was picked up by the age, Mrs. Rebecca Smith continues to Red Cross wagon and driven to the work every day in a Hagerstown, railway station to take the hospital Md., paper mill.
train. Andre ran for miles after the Of the nearly 17,000,000 families in vehicle, and succeeded in hiding him- the United States, only 1,000,000 can self in the train. So he accompanied afford to keep servants.
Grivelet to Riva Bella, where he re- Mias Pauline Siebenthal, a co-ed at mained happy in the companionship of the University of Indiana, recently his wounded friend
made a world’s record when she vaulted six feet and one inch.
Margherita, Queen Mother of Italy, has a fad of collecting gloves and shoes that have been worn by distinguished sovereigns of the past.
Women ticket collectors on the
....	,	_ , London railways wear becoming uni-
When crossing rivers the Cossacks forms of tight-fitting dark blue and to avoid getting wet, throw the left1
stirrup-leather across the saddle and
the right stirrup-kather in the op-| ,( the propoBed constitutional
po8,te direction. Then placing their amendmvnt become, a law in Califor-feet in the reversed stirrups, they stand upright.
Mande vil le
The total progeny of a single fly in one summer amounts to over two million.
regulation railway cap with deep vi-
Salisbury Plain has an area of about 200 square miles.
zor.
nea, every bachelor girl in the state between the ages of 21 and 30 will be taxed every year.
Since the war began Russia has given the Order of Saint George to
run be handled very easily. The sick are cured and all I eighty women, all of whom served in
hîür*£ *"	,?y° ûîin” womWuQing' SESE Ith» r*"k8 eitkeraa fightere or were
TEMPE* compound. Give on the tongue or in feed I under fire ms Red Crow nurses.
Acts on the blood and expels germs of all forms of distemper. Best remedy ever known for mares In foal. Druggists and harness dealers. Our free Booklet gives every- . -
”g$ I SKrc&.'zcf. 2
man in that country, the Bene Meren-ti, first class, in recognition of hei literary and social work.
cane
COLT DISTEMPER

O

O
Z
Mme. Eugenie de Reus Jancouleoso, president of the Roumanian Woman
O
A
O
fi
>

isÉiiS
M
First Strainers Ituilf on the Clyde
This year marks the centenary of the establishment of steamboat communication between Glasgow
«> e s ay||HHppi
Castle, built in 1815 by Archibald McLachlan & Co., Dumbarton, wai the first steamer to take up thii service, and the magistrates ol Rothesay marked the occasion bj-resenting the master of the ship, aptain James Johnston, with 4. punch bowl. The Dumbarton Cattle was a vessel of 108 tons and oi 30 n. h. p. ; the engine was built bj - « D. McArthur & Co., of Glasgow. When aboard this steamer in 1816,. James Watt, during a conversation with the engineer, discovered ans personally demonstrated the prie ticability of reversing the engine.
Where arc your con
!
i

m
is
/
The Dumbarton


t
w


r


60 years ago fJ Grandfather got P am individual I sugar package—
"Ye Olde Sugar Loafe”made by John
Red path, in what was then Canada’s on(p Sugar Refinery.
Now, at less than half the price, hie granddaughl gets a much improved article, abo “Individual”

No Free Bugs.
One of the sources of that widel; read story, Pigs Is Pigs," was, so cording to the Bookman, an anecdott that Ellis Parker Butler, the authoi of the story, brought from England 11-gs, it appears, are carried fret OB English trains A traveller, whs was returning from Africa with « tortoise, wished to hpve the animal accommodated under the somewhat elastic rule as to dogs. But the Irish

Ca
of Today
ter
dark and
pty
••¦IS
with you," answered
the doctor, softly.
She seised his arm, and lifted her suffering face, contracted with pa “For goodness sake, do something —anything to k** p them from know-
tei,uü
in
Extra Granulated Sugar
in Sealed Carton* and Cloth Bay*
and
Mrs. Dunraven!
You
/ « la dogs, he said, “and eats U
enough, isll M
does, and squirrels but that there anim
done her that wrong. I am utterly How s wretched now, so utterly wretched will, she that I would welcome death, andj^et
in
all that
of
that I knew noth, v .,f ?,!! this at
fit time: that I would die before
ent into
life forever ?
She groaned aloud.
Surely life had beenpty < before. Could she endure change sad I More than
must pay."
10,20,80 aed 100 lb.
that would be sweet compared
£T,7
the hftplNlVPVHVI you think there Is any happi " guilt? We should grow hair *#rh other and bids c
eternal. In a vain
I>o
as.
are tht
woman. Find
this
in
her knowing
way to prevent placed his hand n<K>th#nl H gwntly
d Kingdom, Englishmen
Irish-
to loathe
128
He
our faces in

she
and

###PAGE###7###
WORRY AND WEAKNESS
of the senses are found in Loth hemispheres of the brain, and tlirir function» are congenital, that *h from birth, tlie Meats of the facul* tv of speech are found' only in one of the two hemispheres.
Hence, if these are damaged Overwork and worry have an evil after middle life, the loss i* irre
effect on the system and often give mediable, and the unfortunate rise to nervousness and sleeplessness, tim can
Will Qnickly Cure
BWTÀ1X’8 DEBT TO INDIA.
TOE
Speaking at a meeting of the Indian Section of the IloyaJ Society of Arth, London, the Marquis of Crewe maid it wm im posai b le for us to reiterate too often our aen*e of the debt we owed to the people of India for the part they were taking in this *tu pendons world struggle. We could not expect the ordinary small trader or cultivator in India, whote affairs at ordinary times depended in their vicissitude» upon the caprices of season or mar I ket, to regard with complete indifference ever result which might be brought home to him personally through thi» remote and gigantic convulsion. It was, 11 w re fore, the Government's most serious duty to attempt as far as possible to temper to there people such results. It was the Government's hope that it might be possible throughout this What is “Death Tick" ;	l<,,« “truggle to continue t4ie policy
a	a*s	trfSf. 7
msmmàm
mm
in only in the silence of the night that the slight sound becomes
dible.
Anyone who has watched through the night hours by the bed of one,	mcixiz'Iiuc
I who is dangerously ill can readily THE ONLY MEDICINE
understand how the faint tick, tick	pnp T ITT! F HNF^
within the woodwork of tlhe wall1	"	LI1 1LC
came to be regarded as a found of I evil omen.. In order to make this peculiar noise the insect draws the antenna and intermediate legs, and, resting principally upon the median legs, strikes its head against its support by a sort of rocking motion.
The death watch beetle has the invariable habit of feigning death when seized or disturbed. The simulation is so persistent that when immersed in water, or even in alcohol, the insect remains perfectly immovable, and will ail low itself to be burned alive rather than betray itself. The tick made by the death-watch resembles that made by tapping the finger nail upon the table —so much to that the insect may be led to recommence his sounds by doing this.
any Sour Stomach
tee* ™f
Often indicate Overwork and a Run Down Nervous System.
What a Million Mothers Avoid
Relieves Fulness After Meals
r< SHOES
VtN for every
Sport
And
reation
"When I was working around the
PPlpsp; sîüS IHI™:
lows. On every hand one can observe that this endowment of the one to use salts or physic all the time. My victims of this state of nervous ex- hemisphere of the brain is not con- 8tomach kePt ®<>ur, and always after haustion who are at a loss to know genital, or because of its auoerior- eatJnK there was a pain and fulness, what to do with themselves, their ity over tile otlK_r imt	u	and a11 «ymptons of Intestinal Indl-
Wmà mmm
scribed above, you need Dr. Williams tree are located, and vice versa to get results with Dr. Hamilton's Pink Pills because they are a power- with left handed persons .	Mils, and feel so glad that l have
ful nerve tonic. Their strengthening This demonstrates that brain found a mild yet certain remedy, action on weak nerves is due to the matter does not originate speech T(>day 1 am well—no pain fact that they enrich and build up for otherwise both hemispheres 8tomach» a Rood appetite, able to dl the blood through which the nerves Would have their respective speech are fed. Under the tonic influence of centres. Either hemisphere is Dr. Williams' Pink Pills all traces of equally good for speech providing nervous weakness disappear together the hand dexterity, right or left, with the headaches, the insomnia, the begins early enough in life to use feeling of intense weakness and de- it for that purpose, pression of spirits that mark the vie- It follows that self education be-tim of nervous ailments. Here is the gins largely with the stretching proof. Mr. Henry Marr, Port Felix, forth of the hand, and is quite die-N.S., says: “It gives me greatest plea- tinct from the elementary functions lure to testify as to the value of Dr. of sensation and motion, which are Williams' Pink Pills. When 1 began congenital.
their use I was a physical wreck; my Our ability to know and to serves were all unstrung, I suffered cognize what particular objects from frequent headaches and back- mean, and what our senses report, aches, and was almost wholly unfitted is not congenital, but is acquired for work. I had tried several reme- by us, in the same way as speech is lies without success, when I finally acquired.
lecicled to give Dr. Williams’ Pink It has been discovered that in the Pills a trial. I took six boxes and visual space, or area, is a place they made me a well man.”	which if damaged, renders the “
What these Pills did for Mr. Marr son unable to recognize they will do for every other weak of his own family though he can and nervous man, if given a fair trial, plainly see them. The same is true Sold by all medicine dealers or sent if a certain spot be injured in the >y mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes brain corresponding to hearing : for $2.60 by writing. The Dr. Wil- the person is unable to distinguish liams' Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont. between the report of a gun and
the bark of a dog, noise only, and to him they are all alike.
More than a million careful mothers have intuitively known the dangers of poisonous fl y destroyers. They have known that such preparations < <mtalo arsenic In deadly quan-T.hey have realised the peril to little children that accompanies the us^offly poisons.
But for those who have not learned of these dangers,
• recentlssne of th« Ihlld Betterment Magazine, which comment* upon thirty-five caae* of children being poisoned last yean
"The danger to children fa great. and the danger to adults la by no means inconsiderable. "
In the December laitue o# the Michigan State Medical Journal, an editorial on the same subject cites 47 cases and goes on to state:
"Araenical fly poisons are as dangerous as the phosphorus match. They should be abolished. There are as efficient and more sanitary ways of c atching or killing flies. And fly poisons. If used at all. should not be used in homes where there are children, or where children visit.”
VIC
neve r
I was weak
\
Hut something
alkofid
Dealers member
Worn h v
II#
wiry.
no sour
TANGLEFOOT
I "Tfce Seeker* FI* Dwtrem" I
1 Wee-reieeeeee V
or
Catehes the Germ With the Flf
There's "Point" to
The Point Gown
THEO.AW. THUMCO.
Depths Welkervitle. Ont.
X
re
American Address:
(50)

fast*

Therefore the investor
munitions in India who would come to the front in this way was doing a public service.
per-
nor*
mem
au
Different Now.
“I used to think that she beautifully.”
“Now?”
"Now with the warm weather here and all the windows open it's different."
<
sang
N.1
»/
He hears a
Baby's Own Tablets are the only	_______
•" | medicine for little ones, being guar- Minard’e Liniment Lumberman’» Friend
an teed by a government analyst to be	------
absolutely free from injurious drugs.
They are pleasant to take, act mildly
but effectively, and always relieve me, Chloe, dat if Ah ain't careful constipation, indigestion, colds and All'll have to be upendin' twenty-simple fevers and regulate the stem- four hours a day in bed. ach and bowels. Concerning them Mrs. Jackson—Huh! Dat would Mrs. Donald Ettinger, Georgefield, N. jest be addin' a couple ob hours a S., writes: “Baby’s Own Tablets are day to yo’ regular occupation!
the only medicine I can get that al-	------
ways do my little ones good, and I Ask for Mlnard’e and take no other, always keep them in the house." The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 26 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
HI K II I’M AN BRAIN.

Easily Achieved.
Mr. Jackson— De doctor dun tell

THE EARLIEST GUIDE BOOK.
By Chas. M Bice, Denver, Colo
&
sr
The word "Brain,” is of modern Instruction* for Tour That Would
origin, and does not occur in the Occupy 3 Years and 4 Month*.
¦H The reason m that during	.
he centuries the Bible was being . earliest guide book written written no one suspected that this 1,1 ”l€, English language is “In-dletit and secluded organ had any- ^ructions for Forraine^Travel!," a hing to do w ith thought or feeling, ^nodecmio published in 1642 by
In those days it was considered	. .	,	,	,,
setoir -“¦ Ê et $ t
vv;t, 4k u .	... . I age to parley and chide witiiaU,
With tb» Hebrews, the heart was I wherevf he shall have occasion
infgiin
1188 ® the ** meant something more than tktoey ” ' TW° ”MoW8 °f ^ 8amel month’s «kip through Europe
All this Founds strange to mod •m ears, but it was the microscope liât drove animal spirits out of the 3ody. In 1833 it was applied by
Khmberg, who was the first to dis- !t hard to believe that tea or cof-
5tf	« m sr^r - • —¦
1861, was the first to definitely lo-.’ate in the brain, a particular locality on the cortex for articulate fpeech. This he located in the «war and ailed the
Bible
In the United States census of 1870 a record was obtained of the father of a family who had named his five chidren Imprimis, Finis, Appendix, Addendum, and Erratum.
3
ow
In Authority.
"Your boy said that when he got to town he was going to tell some of those city folks where they gut
off/'
FARMS FOR RENT
¥ F LOOKING FOR A FARM. CONSfLT Jl ee. I have over Two Hundred on my Jiet, located in the beet sections of Ontario. All wise*. H. W. Ma»son. Br.impton.

t*
replied Farmer Corn that’» what he’s doin’ He’s conductor on a street car.
Well
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING
tossel
VI7 ANTED- LADY OR GENTLEMAN OF
Tv rood standing in every neighborhood of Ontario and Quebec Province*, to obtain lint of reliable people -who are interested in eavinr money during these war time* on purchases of staple merchandise selected from illustrated catalogue of established Montreal Departmental Htore. To the right persons we offer attractive remuneration. Write im mediately giving name, residence, ex per fence, with reference* more importance than experience drees P O Box 443. Montreal.
Keep Minard'e Liniment In the house.
Law Takes Its Course.
“Prisoner, have you anything to say?”
“Only this, your honor mighty sorry if th’ young lawyer you assigned to me was ever called upon to defend an innocent man."
I'd be
Character is of
Ad
The sketch, made from a gown dea signed by Mme. Hillquist of the Fashion Art League, is made of novelty organdie, with sleeves of net, and side panels of net in the little coatee. The I three-tier ruffle is pointed, the sleeves, | & clergyman."
the collar, the jabot effect at the neck, “He doesn’t me; he reminds me of all give “point" to the general effect • bill I owe him." of points and angles.	----
She tells,	r	I
..j _ . .	-	. color chenille rosebuds ornament the roar eplendld d.liy train, from the New
I (lid not believe coffee caused my upper ruffle of the tier. The girdle is Passenger Terminal, Chicago to Ran Fran
rs ri	SM sr. s	DfcrEKSSWS
quit drinking it, but I was a miserable, back.	the wsy.e Double track. Automatic elec! I sufferer from heart trouble and ner-	_____*______ *	trie safety signals all the way. Let ue
plan your trip and furnish folder* and full particulars. B. H. Bennett, G A , 44 Yonge St., Toronto, Ontario.
MISCELLANEOUS
Reminders.
lyes sod OfseilMr-i ty«lkfts}ho Sssartbs - out pain by our home treatment Write lust 1rs Comfort. JWHte for Book o# the lye Ue before too late. Dr Belluiaa Medical by mail Free. Marine Eye Remedy Co., Chicago. Co Limited. Colling wood. Ont.
“Cuttem, the tailor, reminds me of
SHE QUIT
But It Was a Hard Pull
Real News.
“I notice that you publish a verse from the Bible every day," said the caller to the editor of the newspaper. “Do your subscribers ever read it?"
“Should say they do," replied the editor. “Why, it is news to most of them."
like fKe flee** N

l* H H M r
her own story
2*63
posterior convolution Third Frontal, now
J* ? fa bTn,’ ^ T‘ “I was .carcely able to be around, Went ri*ht throU*h hie het without
* * re 1 sleep sway, any any little noise would upset me terribly. I was gradually getting worse until finally I asked myself what's the use of being sick all lit the time and buying medicine so that	”
I could indulge myself in coffee?
Looney With Love.
“Miss Butey is not at home, sir Will you leave your name “Do you think she would take
CUTTEM & FOSTER
V*
Expert in Silver Linings.
Hall—Blythe is a pretty optimistic character, I hear.
Wall—I should say so. If he failed in business, he'd thank Heaven he had his health; if he failed in health, he’d thank Heaven he had his busi-Hclief ness, and if he failed in both he'd Mat on Putnam’s say there was no use having
% extractor to-, without the other.
night, and corn# feel
better In the morn-
Magfcal the
Putnam'#"
AUTO AND BOAT TOPS
it?"
touching him."
Old Lady—“What a blessing he had his hat on, dear."
MS
am Buk
A
Instant

out inside the eyes. They v onesibh correct in holding that the nind does not act as a unit, but is divided into various faculties.
Broca’s discovery led to further investigation#, until now the whole
SSSr, I SSm S3S5 StiHSESs I sTîmESSSS
LïïS'ir sa ray-.» -f • - - - ». ..f ^
though not <k«f other until n”w j ¦” *"	Wraith,
»Ue ; end *leo » diet.net piece in n«rv«« iteady, he.il .11 right, end the
the brain lor word, received **,n M	*'W hfy* «W
through the eye, w in reedong, "ervou» =hill., donT uke .ny medi-
d»m*g» to which ceuwe the unfor- J*»*- «¦ *> ¦” my hou.e work, .nd an j	bgve done a great deal beside."
Name given by Canadian Postum
Co., Windsor, Ont Read “The Road
to Well ville," in pkgs.
Ford owner® write for our catalogue.
Drop
one
k ike test, remedy known tor sunburn,' beat rashes, ecsemau' sore feet, sdngs and
SEARS ( ROSS
Speedometer Station. 179 Queen Street West,
TORONTO, - ONT.
Not a Ford Joke
log
Mrs. Ryan—“They do be afther the pain, destroys the roots, I sayin' that old man Kelly has got kills a corn for aU time. No pain, locomothor ataxy."
Cure guaranteed. Get . 16c botU. et ; Mrs. Murphy—“Well, he', got the
money to run wan av thim if he wants ter, but I'd rayther have a good horse any day." .
y
r
“Putnam’s" extractor to-day
She Was Sure.
The Girl—“Fred—toll me, would you love me devotedly if my father had lost all hie money?" Fred— (anxiously)—“But he hasn’t lost it,
The Girl—“No." Fred-“Of course I would, you silly .child." The Girl "Oh, Fred, I was sure you loved me for myself alone!"
A Thoughtful Old Soul.
My dear, I've an idea," said old Mrs. Goodsrt to her caller. “You know we frequently read of the soldiers making sorties. Now why not
The Persians used not to punish murder if it was a first offence.

has he?"
\\\ \ ,
DODDS
KIDNEY^
PILLS
to become wh< ,1 hr

Lunate victi



<
illiterate, though he may see and recognise all other objecte of eight
$55=
“Overatarn” V Bottom
as perfectly It has been found that each of
has it#
#
/
in two forms:

Motor Boat
—J
‘r '

tomsoal aeat ici particular portion#I ***** be well boiled. 16c and 26c of the brain respectively, and oen I pnekages. traily located are to be found the | *"ets,n*
•Petrol the voluntary

I I 1
1
1 ' \\\x
Kidney rJ
.^tWMAT'rV
Vo'5
Freight F repaid to may Railway Station in Ontario Length II. Ft, Bna » Ft I la , Depth 1 Ft. « In. ART MOTOR FITS.

•end them to the poor fellows mt the front?"
u
u
soluble powder quickly in s cup of hot


- 1





of are
of the microscope, the very faintest sounds, such as the
MfltflHÉBHHIHhlkiti
By
M
80c and 60c tins.
fsll of a feather or a
THE G1DLEY BOAT CO„ LIMITED, PENETANG, CAM,
- d*s
rain
tinctiy

D.
ISSUE 26—*18
###PAGE###8###

FOR SALE. Removal Notice
The SlawYille Bool ai Shoe Store
At J. A. Hevkett * shop, 8haw« ville, 700 feet of »teel chain, part
•heights, and part 5 sixteenths. Will be cut any length as desired. Apply to Mr. Hkvkktt.
1 desire to inform the public that I have removed the Meat Shop to the new premises, next door west of the th F. Hod gin* (V* store, where I am in a better position to
cater to the wants of customers than heretofore.
Your esteemed patronage solicited
UEO. PKEXDKRCfAST.

New Styles
m
M
()
&
«
Saw-Mill Outfit

v:
lu every way up-to-date, Port-ble Mill ; daily capacity là,000. Inserted tooth saws double edger find trimmer, bull wheel, slab saw» — all in good order.
Al*o four good work horses and truck.

v
*'

/
A nice assortment of the latest styles in

\
V
1
Men’s and Youths’ Hats
\l
\X
\
\
IKK TORS XT TH»? KltONT.
\\
Mviiicrtl Men A rv X»'A
nnadian
at reasonable prices.
1
Kvcognixvtl by X% ar UOirv.
At a banquet tendered recently to Lieutenant-Col. Walter McKeown,
A. W. Chamberlin,
R. M. R. No. 1, Slmwville.
-Andfor that Wedding, Sir-
___ .	VI.D., and Major John Amyol. M IX,
TEACHER WANTED who urn going to the front ah
hers of the staff of the Base Hospital tant) for M 1,040 beds, which the Un-ivershj Eight months’ pf Toronto will establish in Kru .ce,
.......
1	1 ire playing in the present war n*
Edmund E. King, an old military man himself, stated that though in the South African war doctors from this country went to the scene ot Lulysmith, Que. I conflict, this was the first time t at
_________— 1 Treat Britain had accepted from the
overseas dominions hospital corpJ that were units in themselves and not directly cftcered by physicians •hosen from the staff of the War Of-It showed, he thought, a grow-recognition of the scientific
Something new and up-to date in

I
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
irreetly attired
'
a step in
Qualified Tear \MtieM St’liool N
1
( I rote*
You will surely want to he
c<
i.
not only “ in style,” but perhaps
ommetnl
I )
t

will be found at
i
1 \
I
W3, nun.
laid and fini'hvH the last day Applicants to state salary
W M. f. STKNDEIt,
m
• . ,
X 1
Then let us rt
advance.
iâ>
E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
I
H
Vn
s

• •
PUBLIC NOTICE
“THE BEST GOOD SHOE”
*f» of Quvlw, pality of l'iarvminn.
I M
.	' i.* not ut' is hereby given that ling
I IV will Ik* hvlil. on Monday, the 5th standing of the men of the Crltlsh day of «Inly, one thousand nine humlrttl .’olonivs that such should be \
nul fiftrv,;. at the hour often in the I ^	•" outrom‘‘ of lbe new
m,""inK- at t^.ortiee «.ft he	‘"Xda'uct about bis colleague
„ ary-Tr. isun rin the v,||Hge of •slm»_ Major Amyot. that Is not generally \’!]e. ,i meeting >t the j.roprutors of lnown l0 tUe Canadian public. In ival estate of the School Mimivi|tuhty jnivvrsity circles the latter Is known irvihlon, entered as such on the lg one Qf the greatest living bacter-Valuation Roll, and having paid all .ologists, and his discoveries with their school taxes and other contrihu- -egard to the sterilization of water
proceed with the election of ! tiave not only saved many lives in commissioners in the room Canadian camps in this country and f Mors. Thomas Smiley ibroad. but they have been adopted
!>mKr. * huso term of by the Government of France and ¦- 1	ire about to be adopted by the Brit-
ish War Office., Dr. Amyot though yf French descent is a native of the :ity of Torontô. Otter speakers pointed out that the reason Dr. McKeown and ottSers were » going to France was that there was likely .to oe a great ;SiE>rtage of surgical specialists in \hi heavy fighting that was expected fc the near futur®. That was why/men like thfr lattef, though over
practitioners Were making the great jacrifice, financial and otherwise, involved In going to the scene of con-diet. It is interesting to note that .he new practice of the British War Office of giving medical men mill-:ary rank enables them to exercise a great deal of authority over soldiers who are careless in carrying out sanitary regulations. They can now order the stupid, refractory man who refuses treatment or who disobeys sanitary regulations into solitary
The recognition of the
complete assortment of the new
sufficiently large to
We have a
styles, and our range is fill the most exacting requirements.
Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price, .
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
? 1
Dr. McKeown also re-
ut
P. E. SMILEY
Estimate* furnished.
Supplied a*customers may require.
to
two school and stead and Truman
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand
« )
NOTICE
,1
The si
of fi uhdiip without t
meut (d


l>
expires.
(iivvn at Shawville this 8th day of

i rr:i
ien who bought
«• suits from tis dune, lfM5.
Will all tli
¦ size 38 blue dining the la-t *1 week* kindly ' look them over and *ee it they did not tret tin* wrong eoat belonging to their suit, and it so to kindly ! bring it to our -tore to he exchanged as we have made an error in the eoat of one suit, and oblige.
i	You in very truly.
ARCH1K DOVKR.
tograph. I •
SHAWVILLE..
GEO. E. WAINMAN
1 1 •
\ari
M. A. M« KIN LEY,.
Asst. See.-Treiu*.
n. Ait vt. King Sf
i

Market f°r Pulpwood
LOCAL NEWS
PUBLIC NOTICE
if Bristol
McQuirter,H ¦¦¦¦ had hi- barn and
Thoiua*
Mines sect • »
stable ft ml by lightning during the early morning storm of Sat nr- — day, and had six valves, all hi' fowl' nfrM hat nv<' de'troyed.
lVovinee of Quvriee,
1 Municipality of Shawville.
ï'uhlic Notice is hervhy given that there v.ill lie held, on Monday, the 5th day of July, one thousand nine hundred and fifteen, at the hour of ten in the morning, at Hynes’ Hall, Shawville, a meeting of the proprietors of real estate f the School Munivi|wlity of Shawville, entered as such on the Valuation Roll, ami having paid all their school taxes and other contributions, to pro 1 with the election of a School Com mSnoner in the room and stead of <«.
A. Howard, whose term of ottiev expires. I confinement.	- â	.
..................... -'te	s
fa 1 lerially affected the death rate from tlcknesB and wounds in this conflict.
tfel
ltary age, and busy
Five dollars ner cord will be paid by the
undersigned for any quantity of Poplar and Basswood Pulpwood delivered at any siding or station along the Can. Pacific Railway Pontiac branch.
Up to Local Merchants.
All liis old Shaw ville friend-* -s“) Rip® dm» m about tin-, were much please.I to see that Mr. ' <>" may put it m vour pipe and
Andrew Sly has so far recovered v,111<l)^e	* *!!.' 1 k A‘	.1,1 . ‘ V
from liis long critical illness as to Wl^ get you it you don t watch
enable him to pay a visit to Shaw- JVlt» ,!"* 1	iU (
ville on Friday last.	This Uoblm has got the
L—¦———¦6—¦¦J bulk of the btifunt•" in many <• »m-Aviator W arneford, w ho blew a munition. Do not let it ruin our Herman Zeppelin to pieces a few ( community, it is the greater deday* previously, was accidentally ; triment, and in the end will be the killed, with a companion, lu-t mean* of lowering property value, week, by the tall ot an aeroplane	|f you are	loyal to	your	home
in which they were Hying. 1 lie	town you	will patronize	your
machine tell 300 feet.	home merchant, who should ad-
Pte Willie Crick, of the 38th	vertine his	business	and let the
Batt., who has been drilling at	people know what he	sells.	After
Rai ritfield. paid what will pro- «•*. you cannot blame the Mail bably be his last visit to his rola- Order House of picking up busi-tives in this section till lie leaves ness which the local merchant he front Willie wm inelud- doe* not ask ed in a draft of 250 men that was made from the battalion last week to leave for the front on short notice.

VVtM
¦ CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
You’ll Want to Look Right
for the 12ti| July Parade and Picnic
You’ll want to look “ Just Right.”
You know as well as we do, that
you “ CAN LOOK JUST RIGHT ” in one
of our $15 Ready-to-Wear Suits. We have a dandy range at this price in all shades of Brown, Blue, Gray, Tan and Mixed Colors.
We also have 10 Men’s Norfolk Suits in 2 pieces (three shades of brown) with cuffed trousers. Reg. $14 and $15, to clear at $12, sizes up to 39 only.
How about your Shirts, Collars and Ties ? You know we lead in all the above lines, so why not drop in and see us. We do not claim we «pan make you rich, but we do claim and prove that we can save you money on every purchase made in our store.
June
k. t. Honmxs,
Svc.-Trvas.
Vicissitudes of Warsaw.
No dty In Europe has known so
* msm mmm
the seventeenth century Its possession was contended for by Sweden. Rustle, Austria and Brandenburg, until. In 1704 Russia practically annexed It In 1795 the city was banded over to Prussia, but Napoleon occupied It In On to the premises of Jam. Elliott. 1800, and at the peace of Tilsit War* Litchfield, on June 17th. one black bull nw wae proclaimed an Independent
another brief spell of Independence the dty passed finally to Russia In 1813.—London Chronicle.
FOR SERVICE.
At Rest
lar.
Shawville Fair of 1914.
H. A. HORNER,
5th Line Clarendon.
The death occurred June 12, of James Hark ness, an old and reflected citizen of Maple Ridge.
The deceased was stricken with par nlysis lour years ago and had been in failing health since that time.
He was ltorn in AWrdeen, Scotland, and was in his 84th year.
His remains were interred at Norway Ray cemetery on Monday afternoon, J une 14. A large* cortege of friends and relatives followed tile remains to the last resting place. The funeral service was conducted by Rev. J. A. Mac l^ean, pastor of the Presbyterian church, (of which deceased was a mendierX assisted by Rev. D. J. Craig.
In politic* the deceased was a strong Conservative.
Those left to mourn his loss are a widow, two sons - William of Vancouver, R. (\, and Jy.'wis A., at home ; three daughters-Mrs. J. HazclVm, of Port Arthur, Ont.; Mrs. James Italian tync, of Bristol, and Margaret K., at home ; also a sister, Mrs. A. Magi mi is, New Edinburgh, Ottawa.—Co*.
Presentation.—A large number of the members of the Methodist congregation waited on the Rev. Mr. and Mm. Conley last Friday evening and presented the rev. gentleman with a substantial sum of money, aecorajianied by a suitable address, to which be replied in feeling terms.
Mr. Conley preached his farewell sermons to the Zion and Shawville congregation* on Sunda During the coming year he will have no appointment, and will reside in Ottawa. Rev. Mr. Tripp has been appointed his successor on this circuit.
STRAYED
last.
I
c
Some Valuable Pearls.
Of an tbe article* of luxury known to the Romans pearl# were most val-
WEALKD TENDERS addressed to the
undersigned, and endorsed " Tender	„
for Superstructure of the North Teuila- Jed. They were worn by all cuisses, learning Bridge. Que., will be received at fhe famous pearl earrings which be-
BaHE* iarSSS s sas
four spans, over the Quinze Rivet at presented the mother of Brutus with North Timiskaming, Pontiac County. , p**# for which he paid $240,000. It
^ Plans and forms of contract can be seen ûas been mid that one ct the rmgoiis and specifications and forms of tender oh- why Julius O'csur Invaded Iinunn
Lai dm at this Depart ment and at the eras the wish to become master of tbe
and on application to the Post master at pearls of valus bava been found In
Brest Britain.
Presentation
The member* and friends of the Homemaker* Club of Steele Line, met at the home of Mrs. Win Steele, on the evening of June 14, in honor of Mr*. Steele who i* leaving shortly to reside permanently at Tarn. Much regret i* felt at the deuarttut of Mr*. Steele both in the club and in the community. Mr«. Harold Steele on behalf of the dub presented Mr*. Steele with a leather suit case, a nd the following address was read by Mix. J. J. OTtielly :
In Memoriam
In loving mam or y of our dear mother, Mrs. J. E. Donaldson, of lWi Fifth A ve. Ottawa, who died Jan. 11th. 1M4.
We loved you, yes. we loved you !
But Jesus loved you more.
And took you home to dwell with him. Ou yonder shining shore.
Hamilton. Ont.
Persons tendering are notified that tenders will not be console*ed unless
made on the printed forms supplied, and	Why They Sett:»
signed with their actual signatures. Mat- Wlfe-Who can doubt tbe power of
asr .TirSwïiî's: az
signataire, the nature of the occupation. wild yootha who have settled down and place of residence of each member of into staid and respectable dtixens as t he firm must be given.	H>0D ae they married.
Ka< h Vender ...u.t lw ercoropenled by I Husband-Tbe, coildn t effort! to be
îSTCia eeythln* .fur «be, to. married.-
the Minister of Public Works, equal to| New York Weekly, cent <10 p. c l of the amount of the
_____ which will he forfeited if the per
son tendering decline to enter into a contract when called upon to do an, or fail Vi complete tbe work contracted for. the tender be not accepted the cheque
The Department does not hind Itself to * If * were ill. doctor. I night tak#
accept the lowest or any tender.	you for better," answered she. “But,
uïïïfcES.'SKe tSSVff •* " “ -- —r-
positing an accepted hank cheque for the - ¦¦^odou J < p . sum of $L1i tt>. made ;myahle to the ordet of the Honourable the Minister of Public Work*, which will he returned if the In tending bidder submit a regular bid.
By order,
K. C. PKSROt’HERS,
S* | retarVe
Mr* Ww Kteelf :
We the members of the Homemakers' Club, take thin opportunity of showing tbe esteem in which we hold our fellow mem lier, Mrs. Wm Htccle.
Although we regret the 1
Hut the time will not be long, mother.
Till we shall all meet above —
Till we shall meet together In that holy choir of love.
an
-Daughter Sarah.
|to our
club, we feel sure that she will continue the food work in another sphere.
We ask you on this occasion to accept this slight token of friendship and trust g— will not forget the Steele Line olthc Homemaker* Club. Signed <»n behalf of the Club
Mr*, .wwele replied briefly.
ten
r
ten
Card of Thanks.
Turned Dewn.
•M lm Dulcle," s young doctor whim-11 ! pared. “will you take me for better or
I wish to thank tny many friend* and acquaintance* in Campbell* May and vicinity ; also the people of Hailey bury for their kindness and sympathy shown me in my late l de
yon vi
? j ?	( «I 1 i M *' 1 I - \
VIs!
of my wife "at
the
y imry.
* i mà
Vf
mb
«Inl
Teachers Wanted
H 4RBY STKVr>*OH.


Jack-Wheo I asked Ethel If «ht would be mine she fell and sobbed like a child, hot finally ibe
testant teachers, holding ns*, for school* No. 1.
1 >u
f A ogo*t nnt. Ap-
Three V elemental 2 ao<i A 1 -to conn
pllcail<mastaling experience and nal^rv
To whom it may Concern
r « i
ry dipt
of Les!
palitt
SflHH
srcflfr <m hi* pit w
1 Ê

-“Sri; ARCHIE DOVER
If

II *

fit ef Public Wrrk-Ottawa. Jane 19. 1VJ.V.
life*
advert. - r •
authority from the Impertinent
n
mg him ; »l-o. »il par m - » present "indebted for the «an
> are it

•are re
Thom as or aim
*? P I IQ VI
rt It withoet ! rraph.
« I

m >

MflM AI-KX WORKMAN.

:

Otter i a





