###PAGE###1###
O
»
81.00 A YEAli IN ADVANCÎ
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JULY 8, 1D15
No. 3, 33icd Yeab

—



THE HARDWARE STORE
5
The Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank
I
Or Canada.
ESTABLISHED lht>4
ESTABLISHED 1874
Paris Green.
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4.000,000 4,078,200 60,000,000
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Deposits (April 30,1915).... Total Assets,
... $7,000,000 7,245,140 62,729,100 ___«0,190,400
213 Branches and Agencies in Canada
• •
There has been a sharp advance in the price of Paris
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
• • • # •
• e
Green, at present wholesale price it would have to |
We were fortunate in having our J

Board of Directors s
Si
Si
he sold at 35c stock ordered early, and can offer our customers the very best qualities produced at
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
Vice-President
DAVID MACLARBN,
SIR HENRY N. BATE,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PERLEY,
B. C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
D M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager
W. DUTH1E, Chief Inspector.
A Savings Bank Account
May he operated as a Joint Acet. Incurs no excuse nor formality Is a most decided business asset Insures money for investment.

30c. per pound
It is only necessary to say Bergers in lb. tins.
Shawville Branch Quyon Branch
I W. F. DRUM, Acting %gr.
Fort Coulonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
Also in stock and now wanted :
FRUIT JARS, Glass and Stone FRUIT JAR Ring’s PAROWAX, for sealing jars
Please let us have your orders.
Cl Business as Usual ’’
has ruade tt\e attendance at the Z1G0WLINC V5T /!/)
HENRY’S
(jo to Dover's for togs for July litli.
If you want a picture of the Academy ami pupil* secure one now while the price is low. An 8x10 picture for 60c.
II. IMMOX.
The Shaw ville Homemakers’ Club will hold a knitting l>ee at the home of Mrs. (Dr.) O'Hara, on
Thursday evening 8th instant. All workers are invited to attend.
Special reduction* on all clothing Saturday, July 10th at Dover’s.
A copy of the neatly gotten up prime list of the Renfrew Fair (Sept 22-23-24) is to ly%nd.
Ottawa, Ont.
On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Camera* from #1.00 up. Kastman filma and supplies. Mail orders promptly attended U».	| I
H. 1mikon, King 8t
OTTAWA, ONT
“ I will study and prepare myself, and son11e day my chance will come.'*—Lincoln.
That the times will he exceedingly good after the war is the general opinion. Why not, then, take up Shorthand and Typewriting, and he ready for the posh tions that will surely await every competent stenographer and typist f Send tor circular.
1). E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
the best in the history. Why not take advantage of the dull times and prepare for the ware of prosperity that is bound to sweep over the Great Country when the war is over f
Write for Free Catalogue.
II. G. W. Braithwait, W. E. Gowunu, Prin
J. H. SHAW.
8
Ci. A. Howard, the local dealer received three new Fords on Monday—one for Mr. XV. J. Horner, N. Clarendon ; one for Charles Shea, Campbells Hay, and the other for himself.
During the hot weather the business places in Slmwville will close Monday. Wednesday, Thors day and Friday evenings of each week at <) o'clock. • People who live in the outlying neighborhood should keep this in mind.
Miss Alva Turner, M. Premier-gast, L. Armstrong, L. Shaw and Si. Masson are encamped under the pines at Green Lake, where also the families of Messrs. Selisley Hodgius, H. 8. Hudgins mid (». A. Howard, ha ve gone to enjoy their mu miner holidays.
The thanks of The Kquity are due to Mr. Geo. Palmer, hi*., for a
bunch of stocks of giant rhubarb,
v he had grown success-Leslie before removing to
n
¦5 0

a*
-
nu
a va net fully in Clarendon
W. A. HODGINS
Lawn Social—A lawn social
will be held at Murrells Hall, in aid of the Red Cross, on July the 16th. Snp|>erand programme will be provided. Admission: 2	1
25 cents; Children half fare.
Buy your suit on July 10th at Dover’s and save some money.
David Hudgins, (second son of our townsman, Mr. Win. H. Hod-gius) who went West several years ago, enlisted with the 48 Battalion at Vancouver, came Hast last week and embarked at Montreal two boys, Guy and Lee and brother Hilliard, went to Carleton Place, and saw David just for a minute or two as the troop train was imassing through.
on
Adults
111	BUSINESS % ¦¦
W ILUS COLLEC F
¦ ¦	CIVIL SERVICE ¦
The School of Efficiency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bunk and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
SHAWVILLE
July Twelfth At Ladysmith
in our news columns last week the announcement of the Orange Celebration at Ladysmith was inadvertently given as coming off on July 15th instead of July 12th.
His
Dominion Day
Dominion Day passed off very quietly in Shaw ville. While the stores were closed, some of the tradeshops remained open and accommodated those who came to town on business bent, some forgetting that it was the anniversary of the birth-day of the Dominion.
If Shawville citizens did not celebrate the event at home, they went in goodly members to help others do so elsewhere—some to Hand Bay, others to Arnprior, to Kgan ville and to Beach burg, the larger proportion visiting the latter point, where base-ball matches and horse racing were the major attractions. A heavy thunder storm during the afternoon, somewhat interfered with the carrying out of the program.
At Sand Bay there was a very good time, considering that the heat was intense. A baseball match-Starks vs Victoria—resulted in a tie. A program of athletic sports were carried out. The serving of meals was a creditable
feature of the day, the supply of eatables being abundant and choice.
A force of bricklayers last week completed the construction of the several cross-walls of the basement of the new public building, and began the work of erecting the walls, the outer course of which is being built of red shale brick, with black mortar.
It would be very gratifying if those whose subscriptions fell due last month would settle up at once. We would like to begin our 33rd year with our subscription book in a more satisfactory shape than has been the experience during the past.
Personal

Mr. James Hamilton, Ottawa, spent Dominion Day in town.
Mrs. A. C. Hodgins and Miss Jessie Hodgins have been visiting Renfrew friends for a few days.
Mrs. W. F. Caldwell, has been visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Hynes, Zion section ; so also has Mrs. Sam Wallace and baby.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Glenn Smith, of Verdun, Que., are spending the summer vacation with Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Smart, of Starks Corners.
Mr. C. A. L. Tucker, and family returned from Otter Lake last Friday and have gone to spend a short time with relatives at Westmeath.

¦ Ill
WANTED—Good general chore man for Scobie House, Norway Bay. Apply to Scobie House proprietor, Norway Hay.
FOR SALE—A batch of Chester White voung pigs. 5 weeks old. Apply to Jas. Morrison, Shawville.
FOR SALE-A light express in fine condition : also a large refrigerator. Apply to R A. Grant, Elinside.
Our Spring Season is about over, and for a quick clean-up we offer every hat in stock at
FOR SALE—Single buggy—practically Rubber tiles, electric lights ; a
The Klmside Homemakers' Club will meet at the home of Mr* XV. C. Young on Wednesday, July 14th, at two o'clock p. in. Subjects :	Preserving and Can-
ning—Mrs. A. E. Wilson ; Cool Dishes — Suggestions from each member and how to make them. Roll Call : Quotations.
new
first class stylish rig ; cost #1.10.—will take $110. Also set single harness. Apply to J. H. Shaw.
(CONCRETE CULVERTS, PIPES AND curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T. Mr Do WELL & Son. Shawville, Que.
Half Price
Mr». C. Banks the Misses Kathleen and Margaret Wilson, and Master Willie XViIson arrived day evening, and are now occupying the family cottage at Green
Ttflrr •
Fri
I)r. Halkett, late of the staff of the Rideau Street hospital, Ottawa, has arrived here to take up the practice of Dr. Lippiatt, who left for service overseas on June 30. Dr. Halkett comes well recommended, and The Equity bes|>eaks tor him a successful professional career in this section.
Sll|lli8
by acquainting himself. It tells been invited to *|>eak at the of the different diseases to which Twelfth Celebration at Ladysmith the potato is subject and of the on Monday next, is Mr. Wm Hod-ore ventives and remedies that can	the Liberal candidate for the
im; successfully a nplied. Especially Legislature, ” whose name was does it deal with seed potatoes, * omitted from tile posters announc-serie* of precautions being K,v®n Ing the event, through an over-that should always be taken before sowing. Instruction is also
furnished on methods that should Quite a number of Clarendon be adopted to redeem infected rate|wyer* were out to attend the land, on the early recognition of meeting of Council and election of disease, on spraying for the sup- s. Commissioners on Monday, pression of the Colorado beetle The latter re-ulted in the re-elec-and Late Blight, and on the stor- tion of T. A. Draper and the piecing of sees! (potatoes. How to use tion of Thomas Wallace in place bi chloride of mercury and in what 0f Thomas Smiley. The election quantity is explained. Stable for the Shawville board warn as manure should not be used for usual a very quiet affair. G. A.
potatoes is the sound advice given, Howard was re-elected.	K™	mid
Make your kodak story autographic. I >ate ami title every negative at time of
|7.00 up. H. I mi son. King *St
Summer is only beginning and ttys is a good opportunity to get the Hat you were thinking about at exactly half the price you expected to pay.
Positively no Reserve.
Autographic kodaks from
Births
At Smiths Fall* on June 30, to Mr. and Mrs. I Voting, a daughter.
Diseases of the Potato
Pure Gasoline—In order to accommodate the car owners of Shawville and vicinity, O. A. Howard installed, some time ago, a complete goeoline tiItérer,
mmsm
Leonard Belshcr, of Shawville. Your patronage solicited.
The Rev. Mr. Conley, of Ottawa,	Howard * Garaue, hhawville.
formerly of Shawville, officiated.
The bride was dreseed in white marquisette with graduating f flounces, and carried a shower bouquet of roses and maiden hair,
¦Il IIS
I)<uninion of C anada Trap Shooting Tournament and other Trap Note* a* well as the special détriment* devoted to gun* and ammunition and fishing matters. This Made in Canada sportaman's magazine is of inteiest to all < ana-, (liah sportaroen a* well as to those Americans who come to Canada | for their flsbin
pedsBce». W. I	_
publish this magazine at XX (*si
stock, Ont.
Married
Far
ser
July Rod and Gun
July Rod and Gun covers a con-
in its outdoor
See the Hats we are selling at
Half a Dollar.
The
Come early and get your choice as we intend cleaning out all our Summer Stock.
W. A. HODGINS
In
ig or camping ex-J. Taylor, Limited,
l
###PAGE###2###

your confidence to a woman who li using it to ruin you, to rob you of that which you value most in life, your husband's love?"
Ethel grew a shade whited. She leaned forward, forgetting the glare of those protruding eyes.
“What do you mean ? " i ed, hoarsely.
“I mean 'that Dunraven no longer cares anything more for you than he does for me. Not so much, in fact; for you are in his way, while I not. You are standing between him and happiness, while I am not All regret," she answered, chokingly, his heart is given to that “On, Lloyd, do you love me so well ; whom you call
it i* ___ -1 _ wA-	aal/n 1______<i * __
w.'	;
'A* - ^
&
ü
Woman Against Woman
she demand-
Choice Fruit Deserves
or A Terrible Accusation.
r
A
am
ÏÏ
ll

y

CHAPTER XX.—(Cont'd).
woman
“Oh, Lloyd, do you love me so wen j whom you call your friend. I have that you can bear this for my sake known it from the first, but I had no without a murmur of regret?"	i proofs with which to convince you.
He smiled again, a smile that fsjow—*
would have touched a heart of stone., “Stop!" cried Ethel, rising sudden* “Yes, dear," he answered, tenderly. \y m(\ throwing out her hand with “If I could only look into your truth- a command in ful eyes for one moment and be quite believe you!
~~m that it can make no difference You have ruined m
... , -. _ ¦	you are trying to '_________________
It had escaped him unaware at last, crumbs of comfort of which you have She leaned closer to him, even touch- been unable to rob me. Go away! od the bandage with her lips.
“My life is bound the closer," she answered, chokingly. -------
will look into my eyes and—see. ____________ - ................
Was her answer kindness, or the believe who will have the greatest cruelty she could have help d shown ? Would it have been better, jjsten.
-eu—won- to have let him die, as he would have difference done, if the reply had been differ-
7 •
He closed the door, and she fourni herself alone. She locked it behind him with the first semblance of life she had shown, then hurried across the room and huddled down beside the fire. It seemed to her that she freezing. Every drop of blood In her body seemed to have been chilled to death by sheer despair.
She sat there watching beside the fire until it went out. The gray light of dawning morning crept through the window, and yet no one had come for her.
Was he still unconscious, that man who had sacrificed more than life itself for her? Or had he forgotten her in this awful affliction which she had brought upon him ?
She wondered if she cared—wondered if it could make any <_
In her bleak life—wondered if it vnt .	,	. .
it would make any difference to her) Would murder have been less bit-
whatevei if she heard that he was
dead ?
And then she dropped her cold, gray face upon her knees and groan-
CHERRY JELLY
ncbe of Charles Pran-catittt, Chief Cook to Queen Victoria. Published in 1665.
Clean 2 lbs cherries and a handful of red currants, and bruise stones and kernels In • mortar : place In email pre-eervinf pan with I lb. John Redpath'a sugar loafe and H pint spring-water ; boll on the etove-ftre about five minutes, taking car# to remove scum as It rises ; pour Into s beever -bag and filter In usuel way. juice with two ounces clarified Isinglass, end pour Into jars or mould.
Sugar
EXTRA
GRANULATED
gesture. “I do not will not believe you! my life, and now take from me the
g,
was
sure in your love."
its luscious flavor for the winter days to come.
to preserve ——P—
For over half a century Jfefàât has been the favorite sugar in Canada for preserving and jelly-making—and with good reason. Because it is absolutely pure and always the same,
it according to your recipes, year after year, with
You have controlled me by the influ-once of your hateful will for the last “Some day you i time. I will cry out to all the world s and—see. ^ against you! I will make some one
power to I will
e
me. I defy you, and
not
you can use full confidence in the results.
Fruit put up right, with	Extra Granul-
ated Sugar, will keep as long as you wish, and when opened a month or a year hence will delight you with its freshness and flavor. “Let	sweeten it”
Get your supply of sugar in Original REDPATH Packages, and thus be sure of the genuin Canada's favorite sugar, at its best.
Put up in 2 and 5 lb. Sealed Cartons and in 10, 20, 50 and 100 lb. Bags.
CANADA SUGAR REFINING CO., LIMITED, MONTREAL
But Muriel had risen.
Putting out her long arm, she extended her hand, and before Ethel was aware of her intentions, she had touched her upon the face. A long, quivering sigh passed through the CHAPTER XXI.	| girlish form, and she sank back into
The shock of the fire seemed to her chair helpless, have fully aroused Ethel, and had Muriel turned away with a slight Then slowly the whole scene pass-Jdone her more physical good than all exclamation of disgust, ed before her mental vision again, ^e doctor's stuffs'that were ever in- “Pouf! What are you beyond a She heard the full, rich tones of his vented. She was nervous of course, bit of wax in my hands to mold as I deep, manly voice as he exclaimed so and agjtated about the terrible condi- will? What power have you against bravely:	I tion in which her brother found him- me? Will you listen to what I have
“Don't be afraid, sweetheart, I will gelf but her mentality was fully to say quietly, or will you make me
save you!"	/alive, and the almost dense stupor compel you?*’
And he had saved her; but, oh, at ^at had fallen over her since she had Ethel did not reply, and after a mo-what a cost to himself!	ceased taking the awful drug was mentary silence, Muriel continued:
She remembered how gently and fu\\y shaken off.	“What I have told to you is the
tenderly he had folded the coat about §jVe wa]ked up and down the room simple truth. Before that girl came her, even in that moment of frightful ^ich had been assigned her, bitterly into your home she had won your daring, of how he had said.	conscious of the ghastly	pain	and	husband's heart.	He	did not bring
“Hold your breath, dear.	It	will	suffer,ng which she had	caused	them	her there to be	your	companion, but
be barely a minute until you are ad ringing the bell frequently to in- his own."
safe!"	| qUire for her brother; but never once Stung to fury, Ethel cried out pas
And then suddenly another memory bad Dunraven gone to her to quiet sionately:
came back to her—the shock of an fierce agony upon her.	“It is false—false as the very at-
explosion.	| it never occurred to her to censure mosphere from hell that surrounds
She started up at the remembrance
and threw back her head.	He was there with Lloyd
What was it? What terrible com-	should be. He had saved	her life,	not I	of whom he thought—I	for
bustible had been there upon the	knew that from Doctor	Paxton,	whom	he risked his own life?	She
stairs? And who had placed it nnd a^e worshipped him all the more « was there, perishing, yet it was to there?	for his noble self-sacrifice, if that me he came. You shall not make me
Muriel?	were possible. She had	heard	that	doubt the noblest	man	under all God's
The name suggested itself to	her	^ bad gone at the risk	of his	own	Heaven, nor the	only	woman who is
with wild horror.	life, and once more, even amid all the my friend!"
Did she wish to kill her own bro- self-censurc, the agony of self-abase- \ slow, scornful laugh answered ther? And if so, what for?	ment, the mental torture regarding her for a moment; then, slipping her
And then Ailsa realized that she ber brother, she was uplifted and hand into the pocket of her gown, was committing a horrible sin in al- strengthened with the thought of her Muriel drew forth a letter, lowing herself to accuse one of a husband’s love.	“Listen!" she exclaimed, sneering:
crime like that when there was no	“What am I that I should	deserve	“then	when I have finished reading
evidence whatever to base so heinous	abe asked herself aloud.	“I am	I will	show you the handwriting	of
a charge unon.	; the most lost, of all God’s creatures, in recognizing it as that of your hus-
She sat there panting with horror to earthly honor; but He has taken band, the ‘noblest man under all and fear, wondering how it would be ^is means to prove to me that He has God’s Heaven'."
possible to discover the criminal, if m)t deserted me. He will help me Once more the mocking laughter there had been a criminal in	the	yetf and % 8hall be saved to happiness	rang out, but Muriel hushed it,	and
case, when the knock for which	she	at jast % will not lose hope. God	read aloud, coldly, cruelly:
had listened hour after hour sounded bas not deserted me."	I The first essential in the manufac-
faintly upon the door.	There was something almost ex- “ 'My Ailsa—I have promised you L •	0# anv dairy product is good
She arose and staggered to it, a ujtant in the tone. Her beautiful to go to-morrow; but I can not with- ,	;ik * M«nv n good dish of
faint glow coming to her white cheeks, blue eyes were uplifted, her tiny out making one more plea for that \c .	.	' l or anv other
She flung it open, and was grateful | bands clasped in thanksgiving, but	which is more than life to me—my	butter, cheese, (	Y	,
to find Dr. Paxton instead of Dun- it wag not a sweet sound that an-	happiness. Did I not know that you	milk	product has been spoiled	t>y un
' raven.	swered her. It was only a slow, strid- love me—were I not sure that, above milk from which it was made being
“Do you think you can endure	the lent laughter,	a mocking discord that	and beyond all else in	this world,	tainted or having some foreign subexcitement of seeing—him?"	he	sent a shiver	over her, and she turn-	comes your scorching,	bewildering	stance enter into it, and many persons
questioned, kindly.	ed swiftly to	see that Muriel had en-	devotion to me—I would make the	bave turned in disgust from using
“He has recovered?" she panted,	tered the room.	sacrifice, and go alone.	But I can-	da|ry products owing to the fact that,
"SB—me the
truth!"	“What are you doing here?" she	I ever told you anything. I curse	my-	tured	out	of	tainted	mim.	manure decays,	and	so	the good effects
“You must be prepared for	the	demanded, hoarsely. “Can I have no	self that I did not deceive you	and	clean,	pure	milk,	there	are cev*. I from	it become	available	more slowly,
worst," he answered, gently. "I can privacy against you? Am I always	take you to the other end of the	rules	that must be followed,	ana it	^ben	plowed under for	corn	the soil
not understand it at all. He must to be accursed by your presence?"	world, where you need never have	must	be borne in mind that there is	ig well p^ked into the	manure,	which
have received a full charge of pow- Muriel threw herself leisurely into known of the hateful barrier that only one reason for dirty milk, and hastens its becoming available, der straight in the eyes. Why he did a chair, crossed her long, lithe limbs, stands, worse than death itself, be- that is carelessness.	i Pasture land that is to be nlowed
“What was it?" she gasped. “I said, calmly, her eyes fixed upon her life-long anguish because of that fatal not fed with teeds mat win ta.nv the manure decays some so it is in heard the explosion. It was on the sister with an uncanny stare. “1 mistake. What is there, after all, milk.	,	good condition for being worked into
landing just at the turn of the stairs, sometimes wonder how it is possible in the sacrifice which you demand of Second, their flanks and udoers	soil and for improving it when i . , .	n«rhan. ulsn
Who could have placed it there? and that you can be related to me. We me and of yourself? You have con- ought to be clipped in the fall, an piowed under. The pasture also has . **	^	^	i k«
why?"	.	are no more alike than-"	fessed that you love me. I swear to kept clean by wiping before milking. the advantage that the manure can	, A* 1 V *
But Doctor Paxton shook his head. “It is one more thing for which I you that I love you better than life, Third: Use sanitary tin milk pails, .. «nread on it at anv time Meadow the e,cctrl.c discharges.
“I can not answer," he said, gently, am grateful to God!" cried Ethel, better than honor, better than the L^h u\\ seams, etc., properly soldered. th/t :. tn hp flowed un i, «Un »	Thcse observations are interesting,
"But he is asking for you.	If you can	passionately. "Will you leave my	promise of the future life, and I	can	Th hooilod pail Is to be recommended.	...	,	fn,P«„„i„i,.!! th ™	but their mo,t impwrümt reault is te
bear the strain, come!"	•	room, or shall I ? I loathe and de-	not, will not, live without you! If	you	% , ,„t of dust, etc.	did	place for applying the manure.	ghow lhat rei though ft ^of ,om«
#â#T:=gægggSê ###= ###=
and, looking neither to the right nor “Pshaw," returned Muriel, as in- if you will; I am not ashamed to con-1 shaped strainer with two to four-pl> amount to appiy.	fertilizers or of giowm^, hgummoui
left, she went swiftly forward and differently as if the conversation had fes8 it. I have lest everything but cheese cloth fastened on by either jb« abdication of mnnure i*'thn 80,llnK crops to ropke up the defuienv)
smile passed over his pinched, drawn	know that if I command	you, you	Once more Muriel looked into her	are dean and pure.	and most important step in the main-	In a recent public lecture	at th<
features.	would kneel at my feet and	beg my	sister's face. She saw clearly enough	(b) If not to be separated, coo as	tenance of the productive capacity of	Harvard Medical School, Dr.	E. G
He put out his hand	gropingly,	pardon for the words you have utter-	the cold, iron-like rigidity of	the	quickly as possible to below bü	de-	thc	goil It giveg the goU bettcr	tilth	Brackett of Boston, called attentior
with that pitiful helplessness so much	ed, fawning upon me as you would	features, saw the blue nails of	the	frees, by placing in cold water	increases the availability of the	min-	to the importance of the teeth in th«
his awful suffering, “do you think want you with your own reason to “The fire cut the letter short. It	X1 BOUrce of nitrol?en as a Pl»nt food.— sons seem to have perfect teeth, 01
that I mind when I have saved your understand what	I shall tell	you,	never reached its destination; but I	saucer-shaped stirrer, omy *nen me North Dakota Experiment Station. the dentist has treated them	•<
life? We must accept the good God not influenced by your mental	mas-	had seen him write it; I had read	cream is wanted to rise.	_ scientifically that the patient has	m
has sent us without questioning the ter. Sit down."	the words as they were penned, and	Ninth: Keep the separator, milking	trouble; but it has been found	i:
lesser evils. You are safe, dear Ailsa. “I will not! I	will not listen'	I—	it occurred to me that they might	utensils, dairy, and all that the milk	many cases that abscesses have form
Is it not enough"?"	“Don’t compel me to use force, my make interesting reading for you. or cream comes in contact with scru- Gas may form in a silo at the time ed at the root of a filled tooth, and
“No!" she cried, passionately. “Why dear. Do you really wish to go again Would you like to possess the letter? j pulously clean by washing, scalding of filling, and for a week or so after- upon the removal of these abscess#
Ipass BÜEZ Mmiffémmë PpSi UsSi
face, pain that was not physical.	bows upon her knees, sunk	her chin	having finished her infernal mission,	ter, a cheese, or a dish of ice cream,	determine if there is gas in a silo is	especially where pus pockets	exiak
“Hush, dear!" he whispered.	It	into her palms. Her burning eyes	Muriel left the room.	or any of the other delicious dishes.—	to lower a lighted lantern. If it goes	Not only do these pus pockets	caus4
—it may not be for—always, you were fixed upon Ethel's.	She	saw	(To	be continued.)	Bulletin No. 6, Novi	Scotia	Depart-	out	it will	not	be	safe	to	go	into	the	swollen joints, but they are	respon«
know. Medical skill has reached that that the girl was trembling, saw that	_*___ ment of Agriculture.	silo.	sible for other complications, includ-
— syartâ tstis	scats szvrzs
SS5* S5S53SS FsfSS
obeyed.	.	,,	At her dear	feet	,ood returns. It	has	been	found st	11	wai	Un	mi™tes	before	they were	moved.	tWÊÊE
back^n her	former	position,	her	I brought my	love a laurel wreath,	the North Dakota	^t,on.
hands clasped	behind	her	head	then	Among the	wise and noble woi;	that mh,‘	'	^	' '
looked straight at her sister for The rarest honor found beneath	<I-40	and that was on thc
some moments before beginning.	The gracious sun.	heavy Red River Valley soils. To se-
“As I said before," she said, slowly,	cure this result it was applied to a ' #0
sesSl SSssgL

re
ter?

F
ed


LÆ \


140
sJk

;



r


*


m


api



>
mm
ji

a
iu
I

l
W-
V.ANAO4
ék

:
-
m
!


1
m


I
you! Was it not my life he saved ns he last night, instead of hers? Was it
!
' him.
1 P
MONTRAI J


BP

20 Ibs.
!
il
taken out, but it was too late to save them. This was an above-ground silo. The silo had settled three feet during* the night, and was about 6% feet below the door opening.
It will be well when filling pit silos not to go into them before some silo has been run in, or to use the lantern test—North Dakota Experiment Station.

Of Interest to Farmers
The Care of Milk.
might have brought in the first crop a decrease instead of the 25 per cent, increase.
At the Langdon Substation it was found that wheat following corn manured 10 loads to the acre was increased seven bushels more than wheat on similar corn ground but not manured. And the next year barley grown on the same land was increased 7H bushels, and the good effects of the manure will extend to one or two
Nitrogen From the Air.
It is now a well-established fact that nitrogen forms the principal element in plant food. Other things being equal, the growth of vegetation is determined by the amount of nitrogen in the soil in a form available for plant food. The problem of returning to the soil the nitrogen used up in a crop growth is one of the most important in agricultural science.
Experiments conducted for seven years at the Central Experimental Farm, Ottawa, show usually rich in nitrogen. Similarly, in the vicinity of cities, rain has a high nitrogen content, and in some parts of England a quantity equal to 20 pounds per acre has been observed. Violent storms, particularly thunderstorms, also increase the amount of nitrogen in the rain, probably owing to the stirring
+_
#
K
or the first time an awful fear had arisen in his heart. He had meant to add, “Will you love me less because this affliction has befallen me?" but not for worlds would he have pained her by the doubt the x>. rds would have expressed. He loved her with the self-sacrificing devotion that gives all and demands no in return.
doctor's hand had touched her shoulder, a warning •hot at her from in* eyes, and lifting herself upon her knees, she pressed her chill cheek against hfe burning one.
“ft if only for your sake that I
INFLUENZA
0
(
“ft
,o
And All dl
of 111# hnree affectl
hi# thru»'
z
look had been
mi often curs. One bottle entrant ¦afo for brood marie, baby colla, ata
Moot ohmfûl erlentiac OOI

clear, unflinch-

0
i
condition#
gist

secured. In fact, it
By lore inspired.
you have given your affection and

###PAGE###3###
-'3
HOLLAND WILL ENTER WAR
large division is stationed at Felden, with great supply quarters at Zwolle, can move along three railway lines into Germany and also by water down the Rhine in the direction of Munsted and Wesel and on toward the great Krupp Works at Essen, only a few miles further south and east. The Krupp Works are strongly fortified but it is not necessary to take them. If the lines of communication between Essen and the western army are severed, that is sufficient.
A Nova Scolia Case of Interest to All Women
THE DAWN OF
Y0UN6 WOMANHOOD
Always Harvest-time.
Not all of us, probably, understood a statement that Britain might soon be expecting cargoes of wheat from the Argentine, because we are so accustomed to our own August harvest-time.
But the harvests of the world are spread practically over every month in the year, and that is why the supply of wheat is continuous. The harvest in Australia, New Zealand, and the Argentine, is reaped in January.
Eastern India and Upper Egypt reap theirs in February and March. The German harvest is also ahead of ours being, in favorable conditions, reaped in July.
Not all have realized that part of the far-reaching war plans of the Germans was to declare war when everything had been “safely gathered in,” and the laborers free to be called up for another “harvest."
Turkey, Italy, Spain, Portugal, I Southern Fran#, and the vast wheatgrowing tracts of the United States
(Georgia, Louisiana, Alabama, Vir-	,	I
ginia, Kentucky, Kansas) gather their “f lm"K >f y°u marry my daughter?
| Have you considered the bills?
“Bills have no terror for me, sir." “They haven't? Why not?" “Nobo^j will trust me, sir."
WEAR
CÙetVoot
sfSesÉ
BRITISH ARMY WILL HELP HER INVADE GERMANY.
Halifax Sends Out a Message of Help
to Many People.
Girls upon the threshold of womanhood often drift into a decline in spite of all care and attention. Even strong and lively girls become weak, depressed, irritable and listless. It is the dawn of womanhood—a crisis in the life of every girl—and prompt measures should be taken to keep the blood pure and rich with the red tint of health. If the body is not in a healthy condition at this critical stage, grave disorders may result, and future life become a burden. Deadly consumption often follows this crisis in the lives of young women
Hams' Pink Pills have saved thousands with important despatches from Lon of young girls from what might have don> said; ««Watch the Dutch!" been life-long invalidism or early The positiveness of this laconic death. They are a blood-builder of method of giving no information was unequalled merit, strengthening weak getting on my nerves. I devised all nerves and producing a liberal supply sorts of excuses to talk again and of rich, red blood, which every girl again with the Dutch Minister, writes needs to sustain her strength.	,	John Martin, an American journalist.
Over and over again Dr. Williams’ Jn one conversation he incidentally Pink Pills have proved their value to remarked: "Yes, we are stating offi-women and girls whose health was dally that we have but 260,000 men failing. Miss Jennie Gereau, St. Jer- mobilized, but in reality we now have omc, Que., says:	"At the age of 400,000 on the frontier."
eighteen my health was completely That was enough. I determined to shattered; I was c ffering from leave for Rotterdam on "personal anaemia with all its attendant evils, business’’ as soon as I could get the The trouble forced me to leave school, forty different types of passports ne-I suffered from headaches, was tired cessary to leave Paris, to cross the and breathless at the least exertion. Channel, to get into and out of Lon-I had no appetite, and my face and don and to run over to Rotterdam, lips were literally bloodless. A good It was a long and tedious journey, friend advised the use of Dr. Williams' but it was worth it.
Pink Pills, and thanks to this great Everywhere in Rotterdam I found medicine I am again enjoying good an air of suppressed feeling and of health, with a good appetite, good intense activity. The Beurs Station color and a spirit of energy."	was packed. The Grotte Barket was
Every anaemic girl can be made crowded with people and produce, well and strong through the use of At Utrecht the old Rhine and the	«rimes were
Dr. William»’ Pink	Pilla.	Sold by all Vecht (the two rivera by	means	of	ent	‘v	»utch invasion
Dr. Williams	Medicine	Co., Brockville, !’ro'T e< 'vl commerce	x a s s	railway	lines	running from Essen, be expected of mere	hired	help. Also away that drawing pain, mses Instant
Ont.	, waterline.	Cologne and Coblenz to Belgium and a man or woman can plan work %nd ly, makes the feet feel good at once
----*---- .1 o P y	Luxemburg and two million German carry it out better where home folk | Got a 25c. bottle of “Putaarn’e today
SWISS GREAT AID TO KAISER.	I	!	nnrt« soldiers, all of those in the western only are engaged in the transaction.
Th.	army, with the exception of those in Then why not make a special ef-1	Unexpected Chicken.
lie
Ready for W ar.	ig p*„ible, and then—a rapid cam-j to make an honest living, working for aurniay ^
J'S	is ss-oSzsns	-
amount and manufactured materials Hanover, and Berlin.	a-month-and-board chance to live with automobile unexpectedly kills one m
she usually imports during a similar	'	j those she loves best, and then plan a the road,
length of time. It has been supposed	^	poultry or dairy	bee	campaign to	get
in Norway, in Sweden,	and	in	FRENCH	FOREIGN LEGION.	the money back.
America that this surplus of mater-	__ I have not much confidence in the
ials was being secretly sent to Ger-	_ . n .	cry “Back to the land” when it ap- Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.
Have Lost ¦ Great Number of Men p|ieg to men and women ^out	Dear Sirs,-This fall 1 got thrown
liant work in the fighting north of	If you have no boy or girl to bring	0ne bottle of MINARD’S LINI-	wn»on i»ubii,hinK	r..m-
Arras. The casualties in the legion	**“!*’ j“et thmk of some	MENT, warmed on flannels and ap- -——-
have been very heavy, and a letter re-	neighbor’s child whose parents are	plied on my breast, cured me com-	W00L-
SSL 5-ÏSTÆ
260 men only 60 are left. The letter "<* 1find such a response as you never
- •	I anticipated.
3 % ^	% JssS"ms	=' si
chosen to be the first out of	lence and pretty nearly starve before	Best Hour for Work.
s#
ss€sPEII*îFS1—
self they would have been shipped	ed, so a sergeant took command, and	moBt unlimited demand. If you have
from the various ports in southern	we entrenched ourselves as best we	one hundred to five hundred dollars or
Sweden directly to porta in northern	could, but finally had to retire about a	more to invest where your investment
Germany, under the convoy of Ger-	hundred yards.	will be well secured, then write for	Forests	sometimes Uke fire through
man cruisers controlling the Baltic	“Here I got two wounds. Four in	particulars and oro#pectus which will	^	branches	of	trees	being	rubbed
ery five of our men were either conv nee you of the absolutely sure	by the violence of the wind,
GUARD BABY'S HEALTH	Holland ha. arranged four greet I killed or wounded in that fierce I fig nlmAddreel P 0> Box and thua producing the friction ne-
IN THE SUMMER centres °* eupplies, one for a north- charge."	'	'	^_____ cessary to ignite them.
em army, one for an eastern army, one for a central army, and one for a southern army. Then there are great general supply centres at Amsterdam, Leiden, Delft, Schieden and Rotterdam.
And what can Holland do?
Halifax, N.S., December 16.—When interviewed at her home at 194 Argile St., Mrs. Haverstock was quite willing to talk of her peculiarly case. “I was always *b pressed, felt weak, languid and utterly
In Paris I met an American friend Meanwhile the central army divi- unfit for any work. My stomach was of many years’ residence in Holland, "ion* stationed at Arnhem, at the so disordered that I had no appetite
An Englishman who had just come , bY river and railway, and sever the -j felt better at once. Every day I
railway communications between Es- improved. In six weeks I was a well sen and Aix-la-Ghapelle.	woman, cured completely after differ-
ent physicians had failed to help me. It is for this reason that I strongly urge sufferers with stomach or digestive troubles to use Dr. Hamilton’s Pills."
Dr. Hamilton's Pills strengthen the stomach, improve digestion, strengthen the nerves and restore debilitated systems to health. By cleansing the blood of long-standing impurities, by bringing the system to a high point of vigor, they effectually chase away weariness, depression and disease. Good for young or old, for men, for women, for children. All dealers sell Dr. Hamilton's Pills of Mandrake and Butternut.
Since the Invasion of Belgium Holland Has Made Steady Preparation for War.
unfortunate lue’ and de-
FOR
EVERY SPOR1 AND I
RECREATIO
Dr. Wil-
SOLD BY ALL WORN BY EVEiy
m
SHOE DEALERS
be* or nu; family
British Army Ready
While Holland is a small country, it is long and narrow; the eastern frontier bordering Germany is two hundred and thirty-six miles long.
The frontier from which an advance I can be made into Belgium is over I sixty miles long.
The central army can move in two sections, one down the Rhine, past Wesel and Ruhrort, and the other from Arnhem to Crcfeld by railroad.
Both the Rhine and the railway intersect the German railway between Essen and Aix-la-Chapelle. To the movement of this central army there could be but little opposition. There is no* a single German fort along the entire Dutch frontier.
If the Germans attempted to withdraw any portion of their army fighting in Belgium and France, the French, Belgians, and English would j successful farmers are those who have the opportunity they have long keep their sons and daughters at been waiting for; and if the Ger- home and interested in some phase
not withdrawn to of the work.
No Terror. .
“Have you thought of the expense
harvests in June. Other parts are ripe in July. Canada has two harvest months—July in Upper Canada» August in Lower Canada.
Northern Russia’s harvest is ready in September, or even as late as October, as is Scotland, Norway, and Sweden. The Burmah harvest is in December; that of South Africa in November. Texas and Florida have May harvests.
Belgium, Holland, Denmark, and important Manitoba, are, like ourselves, August reapers.
t
Mlnard'e Uniment Core# Colds, Etc.
The Usual Fate.
“I suppose the seeds you planted are coming up fast?"
“Yes, indeed. Almost as fast as çur neighbor’s chickens can work."
WHERE EVERYBODY HELPS
By Prof. Creel man, Ontario Agricultural College.
LOW FARES TO THE CALI POSITIONS VIA CHICAGO
WESTERN RY
Four splendid daPy traîne from the New Paeeengvr Ter 1.
. * Los Angelte an of Hcenic and Direct KouU-e through th» heat of the West. Something to eve aJl j the way. Double track. Automatic, elec-Ex trie eafety exnaLi all the way Let u* tractor in 24 hour», plan your trip and furninh folder* and
full particular# B If. Bennett, G A , 46 Yorige Ht., Toronto, Ontario.
F4IRNIA EX A NORTH-
?
Statistics go to prove that the most
Corns Aro"1
m Sore, b Mate ring feet E m II K ^ Q from corn-pinched
toes can be cured by Putnam's
?
icago to San Fran-Han Diego. Choi# e
One’s own folks, of course, take a
the
Quick
Putnam's” eootfhee
Sewed Up.
“How did you get that stitch in your side?’’
“Oh, I got hemmed in a crowd.”
*
Factories Furnishing Material Destined for German Use.
That the Germans are utilizing to the fullest every available neutral source for supplies of war equipment is made evident by reports that the leading machinery and electrical houses in eastern Switzerland are working to full capacity in furnishing material destined for German use.
The German-Swiss shops have enjoyed up to the time that Italy entered the war free communication with the outside world, and raw material of all descriptions has freely entered Switzerland by Genoa, and thence reached Zurich over the St. Gothard route. Italy has now blocked exit by way of the St. Gothard and Simplon of all trains carrying equipment which might in any way be of service to the German forces. Furthermore, Italy Is commandeering such shipments
W® Mi
»re largely fed by or* shipment. amount that h„ been laced in stor. «vhlch come from Spain and navigate g(fe ^w,in Holland itself.
me* iv	, D.. Not only has Holland prepared as
This supply by way of the Rhine far fts BUpplies are concerned, but
has been shut off, and (.f rmnny is now earthworks and trench fortificatfcms dependent upon ore received largely have been constructed alopg the west from Austrian sources. The ship- b&nk of the Meuse from Mook to ments of Swedish ore into Germany is Roermond a distance of fifty miles, still maintained, it is said, to some and on the east bank cf the Meuse extent, and since the occupation of from Roermond to Maestricht, a dis-Northern France by German troops, tance of twenty-five miles, the Germans have been able to ob- Rut even Germany is realizing that tain additional ore shipments from Holland is conserving within her own Douai district. The Rhenish coal limits much of the produce which mines are supplying the German steel Germany expected to have passed on works with sufficient coal, and no trouble is being experienced as yet in that direction. The Swiss shops are practically independent of coal, since they have recourse to electric current developed by the water power of the Alps.
Every available machine shop in Germany is being worked, and has been worked for months to full capacity. The ^majority of the skilled men at the machine tool and locomotive works have not been called into active service with their regiments, but are performing service, instead, at the benches. All these men so detailed in the shops wear their uniforms, and are | rated as working for the State.	I
In the sixteenth century dictionaries were chained in the schoolhouses
9 ft
9 99
as

“Reg’lar and unexpected.'’
“What do you mean by regular and unexpected?”
“They have chicken reg’Iar every
Minard i Liniment Cares Distemper.
The ten countries with the largest populations are, in the order named, China, India, Russia, the United States, Germany, Japan, the United # Kingdom, France, Italy and Austria.
TF LOOKING FOR A FARM. CONSULT -I me. I have over Two Hundred on my lilt, located in the beet section# of Ontario. All sises. H W. Dawson. Brampton.
W
OOL. WOOL. WOOL. HELL DIRECT and get the top prices. 16 cent# for tub washed wool, 25 cent# unwashed. Large or email loti bought. Check sent same day shipment received Tarwhii à Hons. 92 Wellington. Montreal.
C. H. COSSABOOM Rossway, Digby Co., N.S.
RECORDS.
LL BRITISH GRAMOPHONE RECORDS l(Mn. double tide. 60o each, Send II for special introductory offer of two records (four selection#), including H.M. Irish Guard# Band Catalogue free Guardsman Record Agency, 210 Board of Trade. Montreal.
A
MISCELLANEOUS.
g 1 ANGER, TUMORS. LUMPS. BTC.. \J Internal and external, cured with-
Write Medical
You reach that
4
.age
ewssedF®
IOMIN «	¦*’

Paddles, Cushions, Oare, Seats, Huge,
and all
Canoe and Skiff Furnishings.
Peterborough Canoe Co.
Limited.
PETIRBOROtCN, ONT
Monkey# That Roar Like Lion#.
There are few countries where there are a# many Interesting and unusual animal# as in the jungle# and forest# of Panama. The strangest of theme are “the black howlers.” These are monkeys, and they /•-semble other monkeys but they roar like lions. They frighten hunters away as much as do genuine lion#. When there are a half dozen of them or more together the noises they make are almost deafening.
It is they who frequently make a queer, booming and roaring howl that resound* from one end of the jungle to the other. Rivals of these are the noisy parrots that shout in the morning until the jungle fairly rings with their tumult. There are also the grotesque toucans which at times vie with the parrots, the calling of the parrakeets and the peculiar choruslike call of the chachalaca or wild turkey. At night mysterious noises
Four Times Three
“La Marseillaise” obtained its from the fact that it was first Paris by a band of revolu-
The summer months are the most dangerous to children. The complaints
of ,^/Ê/tmÊÊÊêÿKÊÊtÊS^ÊÊÊÊBl fan turn, colic, d
come on so quickly that often a little one is beyond aid before the mother realizes he is ill. The mother must be on her guard to prevent these troubles, or if they do come on sud-1 from Groningen along the railway 'denly, to cure them. Ho other modi Une toward Oldenburg, Bremen and cine is of such aid to mothers during Hamburg. In this way any German hot weather as is Baby's Own Tab- j [<>"*• J* EnuUn end Wilhelms-lets. They regulate the stomach and | h»ven will be kept engaged so that
op-Zoon to Endhaven, while the left
"Waiter," he suggested mildly. "I want three eggs, and boil them four minutes.”
But the cook, having only one in the place, boiled it twelve minutes. Which proves the value of higher
name sung in
tionaries hailing from Marseilles
wljuch are cholera in-larrho a and dyaentry,
rt)
Cam Pierce Germany The northern army can move east1 mathematics.



v\ X v
s
\\
fy DODDS
| KIDNEYS
& PILLS ^
%
OtTC	,
I
555.
' .!###*

00
"0 veratern " V Bottom Motor Boat
$55
Black Hand Business.
wing of this army can move from
Freight Prepaid to any Railway Station in Ontario Length 16 Ft., Beam 8 Ft. # In., Depth 1 Ft. 6 In. ANY MOTOR FITS.
Specification No. 2B giving engine prices on request Oqt our quotations
Penetang Line Commercial and Pleasure Launch e% ' Row
"My husband got a let-, behind the trenches at Maastricht
v Mrs. Ex
ter to-day a r > Ireadfullaai descend upon Liege, both by rail-would happen if he didn’t send the way and along the Meuse, thus pre-
WSIh
,ned for ht«i bills,
Caiiede in the Vnitr<l K mg<i. put end Nf <nd would reach 4,000
venting Germany from sending her troops from Belgium to interfere with , the action of the central army. In
"My husband gets dun
n *
are heard everywhere from unknown
boats and Canoes
sources, but the strangest of t
this way the southern army would
THE GIDLEY BOAT CO„ LIMITED, PENETANG, CAN.
all railway
unications
m if
Germany.
r, Of whn h
&
issue n—f 16.
• very gD. 7.

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
Attempt to Assassinate Morgan 5KIGIN OF “OLIVER TWIST.”
War Supplies.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
The 'I
I'vlvgriiin
An attempt wft* nudo on Saturday Uick.n, Got Hi, Principal Characters monuiur t» aMaMPiMto J. lVr|«mt M..r	From Cruikahank.
| g.m, of .l,v lug financial concern of .1. P. The trll, Ht0 o( lbe orl|.ln of -oil
... ami ( ojn,».jyt at his home at ier Tw„t- „ uul g,nerullf known It (ilcii love. Mr. Morgan wwt shot u
SilBiB
',vm' *° ,mVv 1,11,11 O Visit the studio of George Vrulk
thunk und win shown some dm wings t*n- lutter had made illustrating the career of a London thief There wus \ «ketch of Login's den, with the Art Dodger and Master Charley Bates, vturvs of Bill Sikes and Ills dog am! nicy Sikes and, lastly. Lag In In the .unlearned cell.
Dickens was much struck by (lie pow r of these character sketches, and the result was that he changed the whole plot of “Oliver Twist” instead of taking him through spiritless ad veil lures in the country he lulluduced him into the thieves' den In Umduu, show
liât
SHAWVILLE, JULY 8, 1915.
i
invent i it"
114 il KM't I î
atlian maiiut
i
orders tor ern meats.
DM
vvi
a

8
iM
M..i
ù

/
0
0
front tliv Alltvil ( lox-*nc in (lit- Ini)% rial * took i II* matter up
ili n
it t anaita
O VOV eontemplnte building.
mhN
D
»Vt Vil to llHVV
\ naval

»
' I
»
i
i tvxx days | j I Kussian war ^mt ,
that t
Will
M « *i
tl
11
or making any alterations in t lint
line? If so, call in ami see me ;
place your order.- early, and have
your material ready when re*
uuired. A-k for a -ample of KK.V
i
It 1
d
! I

BEAVER 41 BOARD
I
tl
H !

II


I
?
s Ml t
I >
Allied routi 1 and
tlu
11 <
g
11

i. t
It of
ri
ox
t a
6
I
ilu* Ni*xx Voi k I ou oui* lovait\ that tlii Morgans hml whatever toil»» with contra#;»
nlx xx ith i

lo mith the shooting.
taitKvi
II.
wl fi \\&h ;t "1111
IIIi\X
ling <»t
11 H
?
to
0
o
1
\\
‘1*1

r \ t
I
t
rmiu
run
1
II
\ KH BOAKD, the eomlrtgIntel ioi ||| Finis
June School Reports
•ni rat ts in
Kngluml is tmanvutg i nul Itu-sia as well a> oiir-eh vs | I Australia, ami has imtut tlval tn say alunit purchase- abroad.
Our immiifaetuvev- are getting a fait -hare of order- lot ha)'it of |»roduein> gathered from it
at ha— c known a- j j.« duty it
\ ide ami etpiip ho-pital-nivs where the more 1 -old

t)
St
Vi l
li for Dwelling- and Publie 119
11 to 1 H'
{ 1
X
I U
I I. t l. \RK\ Imi\
Henry l ampltcll
1 >tinlo]s * Hilda ! * p, James Vottghhm.
\• "«¦ ; t Wallace Howard, Hoiiglus Mc | tar us eau In* Tiernan.
il- tilt' l’ele-
» I uited State- Ktdr-, Kl
-, I I va (
Amei i MeTimmn.
Q
• I
IM
ù
wl
• I
J I l «rade I \
( «rade 111 Sadie Made-, ( '• la* 1 \ - I Mini
l> Nl(>H
>111
IX
l\
4
il m
lliiililing-.
0
»
• %
i"
»
«
:
{TRADE MARK
1

i
~ of the 41 advantages of BEAVER BOARD)
('(%in ho applied in any season. II-
Anyone Inindy with tools by IIfl following instructions ea u jig apply it.	11
1-pme Wood Fibre through
out .
I
1- tliex are in til
e)
IM M H
01 NO CRACKS 5
\ #'
!
«ML
M i
t 111
M* XX lh»M
may have tin under the mot
tirade II Lila Wall, Percy Wall, lv,t 'IigIdau. Iloyvv IVeiidergu-t, Blake
!

Arc ever seen in walls and ceilincs made of Beaver Board. Durable, beautiful, sanitary. Forty-one advantages. Call and see how it looks.
st*\ vi t
;raiu 1- augn
Q
S V
1.US
• t
more of i\w> wtu
IS

I \

which is not
are adept- at m; i ities, gunpowdei
the indu-trv and I mil t it ii|> to hugi luring the Civil War.
n.i

i
Umtl
tridge- : Clarke, Lih Dunloj long t ime < îei aid 11 as ai d, I
Primer Primer 1
I ( i 1)1(1 Y 4
(jueate, James
Arthur Mules |vtl 11P their life of sin. but brought tils
hero through pure and uudvtilcU.
Thus It will he seen that George Jrulkshuok, uot Charles Dickens, war
the
Regular attendance Willett a Gnmt. I tern that appear in "Oliver Twist/'— < 1«hh1 nindiivt Hilda Hades Kus.-el t ixmdou Saturday Review.
t lift 1)1*1 II
van
P
111*
I
in *11. iii« \
«lilt I Veil

*
t
I low uni.
s III I t Vl I
1
1. M. I
IV. r. (
t
ili( *tl
tun
For sole by
R. G. HODGINS.
varia
D
II Ktliel Wall. 1 jet tie
I »roj m •! t ions I liv\ haw also
0
*
ll> -Hi'li ^lA- ('«ell
l I>y hi- voiuivv-
> t ; 1 ! i ! h
R. G. HODGINS g
Kulvs
< i im >rge
g
'i-In
with the pureha-e
led by the investigating vein
>
had considerable experienei "t war supplies. «-on-t meting automobile- of all
-ubinarii
f late in | I >unl* *|
sorts anti mavliiitv
guns a mi i h isst'.ss factories which can Mirant.
! turn out such armaments with great Pupils enrolled :W. de-patch. W c in Canada on the other	Average attendance for the year 21.
hand, have not found it necessary for	N limiter of days school was in opera-
which we ought, perhaps to be thank-1 tion 21i. iul to heaven—to establish industries of this class ; although we excel in making farm implements for use in the fields of peace. It stands to reason, therefore, that the Americans are in a lutter |*o>i- »	^ j j
tion than we are to furnish war sup- ....
.lom- to secure orders for t ana. a. un.l ,inlllv Iv Klein. Sarah Hodgins. many Canadian tact on,, art- domg a ,	Sr, Mltud Hodgins, Ben-
roanng trade ; but we cannot jump all St	(.,it,„n, Hol,t.
settled by British instead of German a once nit,. nnslueing the more t om	Koster Corrigan.
plicated mechanisms or into hll.ng or- , ;ril(lv r. Kdgav 1 >rn,s-r, Charles ders tor "un,, nms we have never at- ,*g|t Howct. H.alxi,ts L.wrepvv Wil
' ti' ' V " ,U l xi	l	, son, Lottie Mc|)«>wvll, Lottie Wilson.
rheOnamx-Monster has ,«.,nttHl out	,tl;ly M,v, Hvnry Hod-
U-snles that we are somew hat ham , U w „	y,,,,,/
eapiwd for the moment h) the vomit (im,u, , Miivme Stewart, Nota Me non Ot the foreign exchange market. Iw„ K;lvlh Aodgins. xn Inch I list now is xvrv favorable to the	.	...	„ ,, ,
When the Liberals gained power in I Americans and against u- and Knglaml. • . «•.ll »	*.»-.* *|	n>’	111,1
1873 they abused their Conservative This branch of the subject bristles with ~ 'L'l.'jV.j	''
technicalities. It will lie sufficient t*.1	" llea u
say that when the balance of trade l*e tween us and Lngland turns in our favor, which it probably will d-> it wi 1mmud to lie the ruin of the country, have g*mmI crops this fall with a large
nt out of power the rail- s'llTl>>' t« «|s.rt at high prives, we
shall lienetit by the exchange and Ik1 in
a (Misition to sell war supplies on 1st ter term- fur ourselves.
hum t
< •
>. aeroplanes
even
ion, has announced that he will .-hurt 1\ retire from public life. Garland would have acted more dis-
cn "tly Imd lie taken tins step before circumstances forced him to it.

HAIR AND VITALITY.
Mi.
The Wedding Bells
The One Acts, In a Measure, as an Index of the Other.
In the course of Its continuous growth the hair records the tide of vitality as It rises and falls In the body. When a hair Is held up to the light It may he seen to be smaller at some daces than at others. There may be a «puce of one eighth of an Inch perhaps where the hair Is so thin us to appear oady to break off.
Such spots Indicate on appreciable oas of nourishment, a sleepless night ir an attack of auto-intoxication. In he last named cases the general vitaII-y Is Interfered with, oud the roots of (he hair, not being developed, are not is strong as otherwise.
The hair grows until the weight Is so great that It can no longer he sus alncd by the root, and It drops out That Is why hairs are ot different eugths. Coarse hair, having large outs, will grow long. When the vitally Is low all over the body the roots ire ImiHyfectly developed, and the balr s likely to fall out. ns In cases of ty ¦hold fever.
Dandruff Is n parasitic disease, and I cacher he punishes get down around the root
if the hair, which becomes diseased That Is another reason why the holt Margaret Parker, 'a,,« out—Boston Uerald.
s. Kmily Armstrong,
Teacher.
O
No. I. Vlarkndon 11 Sidney I >ru|K*r,
DvWit. the leader of the insurrection in .South Africa, wlu* was adjudge*! guilty of high treason, has v>*u|H‘*l the death penalty and goes to prison for six years and has l*een fined ten thousand dollars. The old Boer general may consider himself fortunate that his fate was
Ida
Will soon be chiming merrily throughout the
length and breadth of the land.
fair will plight their troth, and the maiden’s friends and they are legion—will wish to present her with
Where better could
Young men and maid-
ens
a memento of the happy day. they suited than at this store ? secure such superb specimens of Silverware, Clocks, Hand-painted China, Engagement and Wedding Rings Pearl Pendants, Necklaces, or other valuable gifts, at the most reasonable of reasonable prices ?
(•race
Where else could they
In the latter case a hole in
authority.
the ground and a tiring stpiad would luivv covered all the proceeding thought
»
necessary in disusing of his case.
/
HANSSHADEL
predecessors without stint f«»r undertaking the construction of the Canadian I'act tic Railway, which they said was
Average attendance for term 24. Perfect attendance tor term -Ida I Thompson.
Watchmaker and Jeweler - Shawville, Que.
M A IK i A It KT K
1 i A R K N ESS,

SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
After they
way was built by the Conservatives in
tine course and became one of our tinan-
we

S. S. No. l, Leslie
Grade IV, Sr.
Beulah Moore.
Grade IY Jr.—Myrtle Moore, Stella Quai le.
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
1 bulwarks ; its wonderful success ¦d the British investor to forget his in Canada from 1834 to 1871 and exalted our credit and our borrowing Inover in the London market beyond all precedent. On the other hand, as Mr. Meighen, the Solicit or-General, said in Montreal a short time ago, the Transcontinental line in which the Liberals launched is 41 costing the Canadian |**o-ple about $1,000 an hour for interest and will not lie taken over as a free gift for seven years by the company, but remains as a ball and chain round the ankles of the Canadian taxpayer, at a time when every resource is needed for Imperial purposes," and, he might have added, for the development of other parts of the Dominion.
ici
Sand Hills of Bergen.
Bergen Is so called doubtless from Grade If Norman Anderson, Ber-1 Jit sand bills wblcb at this point of nice Stevens and Sarah Wilson, equal; | be coast of Holland are unusually con-
üx I	...... i ----------------------------------------------- -	m pfic
William Le tier of Mi) Warren avenue I’nmer II -Bobby Craig, \ lolvt Ste- These dimes are the scene of very in 0f this district, Prices ATC SllCIl that it Will D0 to intending
...... ^ZTWTZwZ.%2- ! purchase»’ interest to consult m. before placing their order
tvrnvy J. I». It.ul.l, th.it he, with i „L l>r",u*r I .^r. Miriam Cluff, Dorothea I try uud preserving the valuable land elsewhere. Nothing tOO large—nothing tOO small.
»ther Detroit men Imil iimspiretl :» Stevens, AM Richard.	behind them from Mud drift. This I	°	*
blowup Windsor factories and pu ie ,>rim‘*r % Jr Olive Cluti, Hilda blow afforestation at Bergen, on which buildings. Besides Le tier, two other ^tevt*ns<î,b Wallace Stevens, Ijena Lance. Nome thousands of pounds are spent men wore engaged in the plot, which Toussaint Lance, Hulda Richard, Collins innually, was Initiated by a very re contemplated not only the entire de- ( r‘V*» AI mow Lance.	narkable private association, the Neth
Windsor armories, but |	enrolled—<6	?rlands Health society, which, starting
Good conduct includes all my pupils. I u a quiet way twenty-live years ago.
Daisy L Dale, Ijow employs from its headquarters In
Teacher, j Utrecht an army of workers and tarns ___ | iver some £80.000 annually In Its lm
Movements.—London Standard.
4 i II HI
Confession of Guilt
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Mouu-


Windsor Knitury Conspirai y Thai kd


FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
struct ion of the
• •I the Canadian Bridge Company1» plant in the Dominion Stamping Com pany at Ford, the Tate factory as well as several other large manufacturing | — plants. Letter declares he was selected as the man who was to plant the bond it the Tale factory but hi III lit and he did not finish the job.
Up-to-Date Tailoring
THB MARKETS.
is heart failed
The Lesson.
“Wlnzcr put on bis wife*» spats Ibis | morning."	i #
“Why, tbs old ftle must be growing ! 1 polite.”	j
•‘You don’t get me. He wore 'em | -He wanted hi» wife to see bow rldlc- i ulous they looked."	j
-Wear
The flret man he met said, 'By Jove, j Winter, l never saw you so well drees | ” ad,' And the second man said, 'Why. ild chap, you're looking positively dls-tanggyf "
"What did the old guy say?"
-He said. This will be a good lesson to my wife. It’s going to teach her that these extremes in fashion are meant only for the favored few.'"— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
We Lave a good assortment of
Government Arrange Lease of
G. T P Branch
SFiAWVILLE

Tweeds aqd Serges
Ex President Dias Dead
Flour peibarrel #7.30
Wheat, pel bushel, standard $1.25.
Oats,per bushel, 45c.
Butter .tubs, prlntsand rolls 21c. Potatoes per bag. 75c.
Rggs per dozen 17c,
Pork per 100 lbs. 7.50 to 8.00 Hides perl00 lb 8.00 Pelts ‘20 to 75 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 65 to 75 Wool washed perlb.30t to 32c Hay per ton $16.50

Counsel for the Government ami the
i

Paris, July 2- General 1’orfirio Diaz, who for thirty-five years ruled Mexico
......	O	, . with an imn hand and accomplished
which the Like Superior section of the „im h in developing the resources of the
G. T. P. is to lie leased by the Govern country, died at 7 o'clock this morning.
This places the (•«•>eminent in General Diaz a wife, Senora Carmen virtual possession of the connecting line Hoinem Rubio Diaz, and their son, Por t? the head of the lakes, which is essen brio Diaz. jr., and the latter’s wife were liai to the operation of the National the bedside when the end eame. Transcontinental Railway.	General Diaz had been in failing
Fifteen locomotives and a thousand health since reaching Europe in 1911 box ears are under order for the Trans rtfU.r his resignation from the continental and early delivery of them dency of Mexico, following the i* expected. The equipment of the f„| M„den- revolution, road with rolling stock is adding to the already enormous exjiense to which the
nintry has bee* and is being put. Tlie | More Americans Victims oflation : Government is undertaking the operation of a railway which it is stated, a private cor|H>ration could not afford to
Grand Trunk Pacific Railway have nlxtut completed the agreement under

for you to choose from. We guarantee you a fit:
Also a good range of
Gents’ Furnishings Rain Coats and Semi-Ready Suits.
nient.
MB


/


yji
• <
'il
pres:
success-

% V
Co»», a i Ont*.

Thefollowing are last Saturday s quoi
1	Key to the Dutch
In the fifteenth and elxteentb cento rfee the fame of Mlddleburg and Flushing, in Holland, extended all over Europe. The latter especially was so Important that It was called "the key to the Dutch seas.” The Emperor Charles V. visited the city mod spent some days In the small adjoining town of Zuytburg. It was there that In 8ep tomber, 1500, be dated bis act of abdication before sailing from Flushing to Spain and retiring to the monastery of St. Juste.
MURRAY BROS., SH^WVILLE.
Butter, in prints 30c to32c Butter In palls28 to 30c Rgga. fresh, per dozen 18 to 20c Potat oes per hag 65 to 70c.
Pork, per 100 lbs $11.00 to 13.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, $10.00 to 12.50
Submarine
Washington, June30—The Dominion operate, rent free. This means that the I Freight liner Armenian, Hying the Brit Government can operate the line only at i*h Hag and carrying mules from New a heavy loss, and that annual deficit*on I port News, Va., to England, was tor
operation account must be confronted pedoed and sunk on Monday night by I Oats per bushel rtfic for years to come.	the German submarine V 38 off Coni- Hav per ton 18.00 to 21.00
According to the last authoritative wall, England, and nearly a score of L statement the N. T. R. and Quebec American muleteers alioanl were lost.
Bridge have coat the country two hun- Twenty nine men in all were lost and | dred millions in addition to $5,000,000 ten injured.
of cold cash handed to the G. T. P. un- effort to escape and was homliarded and I The citizens of Shaw ville are hereby «1er the implementing clause, ami $33 disabled by the guns of the submarine, requested to have their yards and ive f m * spen t in buying at par O. T f • I One shell killed ten men on the liner. mises cleaned up without de lav as the Umds, which were actually worth only | The news created a sensation in offi- Board of Health will make an inapec
cial quarters, and it was the first case of | tion of the village in the near future, loss of American lives since the sinking of the Lusitania. The gravity of the i he death is reported of O’Donovan I incident, however, and the action of the Rossa, once quite a figure in New York Washington Government de;«ends al Fenian circles. He was an advocate of most entirely on whether the Armenian
violence and suffered once from the ap- was chartered by the British Govern	______
plication to his person of his own ment and was, in fact, a tramqiort of	FOR SERVICE,
theories, when he was shot by a woman war aboard which Americans would sail
whose Nationalist ideas he affronted,	at their own risk, or whether she was an	The undersigned offers for service the : The young poutmlitre*a	aayi £?
He gradually duwpfeared, with most of	unarmed merchantman. In the latter	registered lf*-l*ttsn Friesian Bull ‘Shaw- Urybody's Magasina, waa	reading •
hi. violent talking rotkwnee, and for	nw. even though carrying mntnilwnd, I ville Chief, Sh. HtWU. Fee-owe dol I poet a I cord from the morning mitt.	!	residence .triet'v private and coofi-
many years has been little bnt an un	the ship should have l#een subjected to	Ur. This animal tor* first prize at the [ Finally ab# turned H over	to the ad	!	dental
hap;»y rn—ory. What he once seemed j visit and search and those aboard tram; | Shaw ville Fair of 1914.	j I
to represent was happily dead Iwfi^re ferred to a place of safety before the de self.—Montreal Gazette.	| struct ion of the vessel was attenqrted.
CANADIAN
Trespass Notice.
I hereby forbid trepanning of any kind, either by persons, cattle or nheep, on the Hear Half of Lot No. ft in the 4th range of Thorne. Anyone found disregarding thin notice will be dealt with according to law.
4
RAILWAY 00.
When Planning your Summer Vacation don’t Forget our Great Lakes Steamship Service
PUBLIC NOTICE.
The Armenian made an
e
AUGUST HCHOCK.
Ladysmith, June 8, 1915.
A Case Far Tact
Sailing lotir day* every each way between Port M and Fort William.
Rail express from Toronto makes direct connections with steamship at Fort William, Passengers connect with Transcontinental Express carrying dining, compartment, observation, standard and tourist sleeping cam and day coaches, parlor cars and coaches. Toronto and Port McNieoll ana Port McNieoll to Toronto.
_ MK J. HBBERT.
week
Nlcoll
70.
"They ought to favor a lady do fendant"
"We eball have to be exceedingly See.-Tress. I «refuL I dont think It would tx
good policy for our fair client to drew better than they do."-Kansas City Journal
By order,
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
8. E. HODGINS,
July *, 1915.
And other Game during Close Season by reporting st once to the undersigned
any violation of the Game Law you be come aware of. Liberal compensation paid for convicting evidence.
D leap relating.
All cor
to any
N.McCUAIC
Pro* Game Warden-
Bryeon. January 1913.
H. A. HORNER,
5th Line CWeado*.
-Ueh.- she said In a disappointed
Inin
1st Asst.(lent.

r
>
Qee
j-
###PAGE###5###
BREATHING IN THE GERMS.
THE EQUITY
Picnic Days are Here
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
When you want the best value for your
. money In ..
H Weekly Journal devoted to local Interests. wh#r* Short Persons Have an Advan-
tags Over Tell Ones.
,,,	.	. . A! *	, Btatlaties reveal the fact that short
\i S/1âWVlll6| County PontlAC, Quo. persons are less liable tv the different
diseases wblçb go the rounds among humanity than those who are taller and seemingly inure susceptible to contagion.
Uko every other fact, there Is a reason for this. '	0
/Many of the different diseases are
Published every Tkureday
Perfection to Which the Mechanics, Arm Has Been Brought
They are making artificial limbs wîib such perfection today that u technical observer Who Is also an enthusiastic baseball "fan" declares that he would lot be surprised to see In the not far d»s-taut future some wooden armed pitcher making a good record. What Is known is "glass arm" would be effectively superseded by "wooden arm."
Though this Is a daring leap of the imagination, which, however, need not worry the perfectly good armed pitch-?rs of the big leagues, still some of the things that can be done with artificial inns are simply amazing. Here vou *ee a man lighting a cigar and wild a naturalness of action and pose which would deceive the casual observer.
The mechanism Is controlled by certain motions of the stump of the tiesb iud blood arm, and no little knack Is accessary to the successful working of the artificial member, and yet withal it Is not very difficult to acquire.
It Is said that the man who Is lighting bis big cigar can pick a pin from the floor without difficulty, but it Is aot on record that he can give the "pep" to a ball so that It will speed by the hatter like a projectile from a high powered gun. As a matter of fact, he Is thoroughly satisfied with the many very necessary things that :an he done with the mechanical arm without venturing afar Into the luxuries and excitement of outdoor sport— Buffalo News.
SHINGLES

at $1.65 per M and up
Si’iiwiuption, $1 ? Year is Advance
tr All arrears must be paid up before any paper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Also Lathe, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Flooring. Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
We heard from the weather man .that there a hot spell due right now. We don’t want see you “ roasting ” at the picnics.
New Mid-Summer Dress Goods
is
to
A. F. CAMPBELL
hox 155
I Ht 1 n I « rtlonC,i n	,!?s%'r "l In e' or" each | du« W Impurities Id tlx atmosphere wv
Huslnots cards not exceeding one Inch (iwi <*.l at $5.00per \cm.
Local announcement* inserted at the | In 'thousands of IB lug apartments
ImL oUl%^Sw^enwS%rt%^" I 'll,n‘a“^ l“ 1,uu'l,c'r" «* ln
C ) irn -rclal adrcrtUIng hr the month	T T	°f
or for longar period* inserted at low rates Mobility of some one or more persons
which will be given on application.	| having In some degree or other some
Advertisements received without In- |of the diseases or being In nn un
«tractions accompanying them will be in- healthy condition, and us they breathe
Kert»»i until forbidden and charged for n,0 njr t^ut circulates through those-
tt< " ing ^	I pieces the taller persons arc certain to
breathe more of the Impurities than
the shorter persons, ns the warm
breath of everybody naturally seeks
the higher portion of the atmosphere
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and I In the luelosure, and If the ulr is pot
cheaply executed. Orders by mail j goned those who are taller will breathe promptly attended to.
JOHN AfCOWAN.
Publisher
Aniptior, Ont.
breathe.
In factories, workshops, depots, cars, schools, churches, oltice buildings and
Just to hand a new selection of mid-summer Press Goods. Plain and Flake Voile, Cloths, Near Linens, Flowered Muslins, P Lawns and Organdies.
PROMPTLY SECURE
K i ce
#
ersian
In a To it
INVKN-sent free.
»
1 f I
A*K fur
4 AHVISKit,which t\
M MUON A MARION.
364 University et.. Montréal
I
%
i
Blouses
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
Birth, tu irrlage and death notices pub-Ishsd frae of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
A clearing of 15 Blouses.
These comprise Voiles, Hatene and Vestings, $1.00 and $1.25 values, to clear at 75 cents.
Jon PRINTING.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, -	- First Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm - Last Saturday,
ot each month.
It first and continue to breathe It longer, ns those whose heads are not so high may escape all or part of the poison, which In many Instances Is apt to create an unhealthy condition of body.—ruilffdelphhi North American.
Silk Cloves
Professional Cards.
Long Silk Gloves in Tan, Black and White. Double finger tips, 20 and 23 inch lengths. 50 and 75 cents.
BAD EGGS AND THE STAGE.
DR. A. H. BEERS I peltln<’	'* '
actors who displeased them has been In vogue with audiences ever since
Here’s Your Hat
Campbells Bat • - Quit.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of | there has been a stage and a dramatic Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
Canada's Power Export.
During the last four years the export of power from Canada to the United States by three of the companies engaged in this business, has
from	to
T.'Zlw b,	; SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN
>anles to be used in Canada actually 'hows a decrease for the same per-od.—Conservation.
You will need a new “ lid"’ for the picnics. We can show you Sailors in different heights of crown and widths of brim, Split and Sennets, Dip Crown, Soft Brims.
A
production. Chinese, Greeks and Romans ran to this sort of unfrngrant criticism, and two stories told by a collector of odd things connected with the theater are worth repeating.
A Dumber of New York youths In the fifties threw n number of bad eggs at a pallid and trembling performer. He advanced to the edge of the stage, commanded silence and said:
“Noble sirs, deign to throw me but one good one-just one. 1 care not If It break over me, 1 shall manage It 1 have eaten naught In two days. Pell me with good eggs. I beseech you."
The appeal gained him a basket of good eggs by way of the back stage
A man went to Shakespeare’s the a ter In the day of the great bard to throw bad eggs at an actor be dis liked. Some oue Jostled him unduly, and he punched the Jostler. The jostler whipped him, however, and finally sat him down In the bad eggs, which broke. So the would be egg thrower was thrown out because of the odor and called a bad egg in the bargain.— New York Sun.
,
NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS.
R. A. DRAPEAU, LL. L.
Neckties
rT1 HE sole head o a family, o any male 1 over Myear* old , may homestead a .	„	quarter section of available Dominion
Mr. E. D. Eddy Investigates Lon* to land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Alberta. App person at the Dominion or Sub ageiv y for the District Entry inquiry of as much importance to the by proxy may be made at any Dominion country as such a thing can be. The Land* Agency (but not sub agency) on story is told by Mr. Edgar D. Eddy, certain conditions.
B.S.A., Chief Seed Inspector of the Duties.—Six months’ residence upon Dominion Department of Agricul-	cultivation of the land in each of
» FrF ¥ SiSaSSSS
Clark is ( ommissioner, under the tions. A habitable house is required title of, “An Inquiry Regarding the except when residence is performed in Wheat, Oats. Barley, Flax and Ensl- in the vicinity, lage Corn Used for Seed in Canada.” In certain districts Mr. Clark, introducing the work to *«*>'! standing may pre-empt a quarter the Hon Martin Burrell. Minister ot M0Ope?.c"re	homestead Price
priS- nTan^t::rit"%
the spring of 1913 that the Inquiry Pre emption patent may be obtained as ? I was commenced and it was con- *oon u* homestead patent, on certain tlnued in 1914. Mr. Eddy explains conditions.
of seed actually being put in the per acre. Duties. - Must reside six ground. This they did and over months in each of three years, cultivate 3,700 samples found their way to the 50 acres and erect a house worth $300. seed laboratory at Ottawa. With The area of cultivation Is subject to re-them was sent Information in regard Auction In case of rough .scrubby or stony to variety, source o’ supply, treat- *nr?<V fVve *tpck may be substituted for ment for smut prevention, rate of ‘ u,l,VHlfon under certain conditions.
seeding, cleaning and selection.
With the foregoing before him Mr.
Eddy started his inquiry. After
A SEFin INQUIRY.
<3
You cannot have too many Ties.
The flowing
ends are the correct thing—minus your vest— splendid dressy ties at 50 and 75 cents.
Ville Marie Que.

licant must
l appear in Lands Agency
Canada Due to Lee of Poor Seed.
'rtiis is the story of an inquiry, an
S. A. MACKAY
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawvllle,
Picnics
1st July, 7th July, 12th July. Let us fill your basket.
Que.
fi. MILLAR, L.L.L.
I
a homesteader in
C. F. HODGINS GO
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - * Que.
Will visit Shawvllle every Saturday.

D. R. BARRY, K.C.
A Bold Defense.
“An enlisted mao once put the president of a court martial In a difficult position," says a writer In an English magazine. “The court martial was trying the soldier for some fault or other. When the evidence—and It took an unusually long time-had been given, the president asked the prisoner If he bad anything to say In bis defense.

BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
-Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tw Visits Shawvllle every Saturday.
We are ready for Your

Spring and Summer Trade
¦ •
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
w. W. CORY. C. M. G.,
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior
____	______________________________JN. B.—Unauthorized publication of
stating that In some cases samples this advertisement will not he paid for.
were taken from lots that were yet |_______ ______ _____________________
to be cleaned before seeding, so that the summary of the purity test reports is incorrect to this extent, as Indicating the Impurities that were In the seed when sown, he sums up his conclusions by saying, “After making full allowance for all Inaccuracies, it is clear that the value , I have removed the Meat Shop to
of the grain crops produced in Can- the new premises, next door west ada is enormously lowered each year
through the urns of poor seed. Sur» I prlsingly little attention is paid to
choosing the most suitable varieties. I cater to the wants of customers
The seed is seldom selected or grad- than heretofore, ed, except to pass It through a fanning mill once or twice, and often not even this Is done; in piaoy cases the mills are not equipped with proper sieves and little improvement is effected.
“Experiments have repeatedly shown that certain varieties of grain give the largest yields In particular districts. In order to obtain the best results, it is Important to study varieties and- select those best adapted to the toll and climatic conditions under which they are to be ! Fresh Meats grown. The lack of attention given 1 to selection is indicated by the fact that over forty per cent, of the farmers from whom samples of , wheat, oats and barley were collect» | Always on hand, ed did not know the variety name of the grain they were growing.
Then follow o aerie, of tables showing the number of samples and the j market price paid.
I varieties received from all the pro-I vinces and the results of the tests
First we have I treatment for smut, which is common in the prairie province#, but not in Ontario, Quebec and the Maritime Province#, although It could f radon#
the source, of seed supply are Indt- I At J. A. Beckett’» shop, Shaw-
C,	it Ville. TOO fret °f	ehtin. .
lection are next In order. Mr. Eddy	and part ^-sixteenths,
remarking, “The most significant j Will be cut any length as desired, feature of the Inquiry le the Information brought out In regard to the Impurities sown with the seed as a result of the lack of proper clean» ing." An Illustrative table accompanies	IMi
Summaries o; Imprltle* are given. I able Mill ; daily rapacity 15,000.
S’ .£“£..75	—•'J--
which weeds are introduced through land trimmer, bull wheel, *lsb saw*
—all in good order.
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Sheeting

Well, sir/ said the man, *1 can’t see how this ’ere court can sentence me, for Major Jones 'as been reading a paper under the table the 'ole blooming time, and Captain Smith making me into a karicatoor on the blotting pad. and, as for Lieutenant Brown, ’• 'ain't ad his commission a year and doh't count anywaysf "
#+ I
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-
196 Main St. - Hull.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
Removal Notice
been
IIPRICES REASONABLE.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawvllle, Que.
i desire to inform the public that
ADVOCATE
BARRI STER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Ceneolentloua.
Dodson and his friend Jones stood com. parsing on the corner. Dodson looked Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wed | op, clutched his companion by the arm
and whispered, “Horry, Jlmf Around the corner they went and mads off up tbs street Then Jones called Dodson to account “Creditor of mine," an
CEORCE H Y N ES |
up against Itr “Well,” was the reply, 1 have enough In my pocket to pay him, and If he caught me I might do It Now let's go and spend some of this money so I can give him an honest excuse If we should happen to
Personal attention.Open all hours. |Wm •Eein."-Ar*on.ut.
of the G. F. Hod gins Co’s store, where I am in a better position to
eies.isy and Shawvllle every Saturday,

Your esteemed patronage solicited
UEO. PRKNDKRGAST.
SHAWVILLE
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
MEAT SHOP

CEO. PRENDERCAST, P op

Worth the Risk,
“Botte was run over by • handsome limousine yesterday.*
“Hurt mucbr
“No. ? stunning girl who was In tbs car made the chauffeur pick Botta up, and she held his bead'fc her lap
All calls will receive prompt per-1ï 6*ÿta*re*
». V. FINDLAY I mlngbem Age-Hereld.
Cured Meats,
Sausages, etc..
UNDERTAKING

•MADE IN CANADA*

HAYES A FINDLAY
Ford Touring Car
Price $590
SHAWVILLI
I
Hides snd Pelts bought snd highest
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
(
. r.
%
that were made.
# e
w. J. HAYES.
Prices of Ford spare parts have been reduced an average of ten |*?r cent. A Ford touring car may now be bought, part by part, for but $38.87 more than the priee of the car ready to run. Another big slice off the “ after coat " of motoring.
Suspicious Nature.
FOR SALE.
U Need A Safe
"1 admire It" replied Miss Gay “Bat 1 can't help thinking that It's dangerous to attach much Importance
to psorncr rocs books.

AND RECORDS RUCTION
to language that Is selected because
the words rhyme Instead of for the ¦ m	.1	, purpose of communicating facta"—
In Case Of Fire w“h*n«ton8ur
PROM d;
Buyers of Ford cam will share in our profit* if we sell 30,000 cars between August 1, 1914, and August I, 1915.
Hunaliout $540 ; Town Car #M40 ; F. O. B. Ford, Ontario, with all equipment, including electric headlights. Cars on diafday and sale at *
G. A. HOWARD - DEALER Shawvllle, Que.


Apply to Mr. Bkckktt.

o
Saw-Mill Outfit
George's Reword.
1 have received the agency for this Dis trlct for the far-famed *• Reliable “ Fire Proof Safe and Lock Co., whose goods are guaranteed to stand the severest test, and will he pleased to quote prices several styles manufactured.
The Oombmtd Office D«*k and Safe | —do t comt-rbll.d.lphl. Bolivie, should be part every *”ou»l man • or farmer's equipment. It 1» the most convenient outfit ever

Wright-Crude, why
Mm

in every way up-to-date. Port-
loo? Grade — George's been a good
on the
boy all week, and mamma said he

«
dirty seed."
Sections are devoted to the “Germination of Oats, Barley, Wheat and ,
Ensilage Corn," to “Seed on and truck.
Also four good work homes
“Did you get any return from your
Invented.
tr
Flax.
the Ear and Shelled." and to “Planting Hills and
• • «I
dealers.
"Tee; the bank relumed the
a. We Chamberlin,
R. M. R. No. 1, Shaw ville.
M. R McfH'lRK.

rked no
''-Buf
Shawvllle.
###PAGE###6###
From Erins Green Isle
der that they may become more quickly accustomed to tho change in
divt.
CRATE FATTENING OF POULTRY
m
a
SIRT
Many feeders practice giving three light feeds a day for the first three
Practical experience has shown that I adhered to, and where only a small days, then two feeds a day for the
number of birds is to he fattened, remainder of the period. The birds packing boxes of suitable dimensions should not be given more feed at on? mry be used.	time than they will eat up clean in
The open top of the box should be- twenty minutes. After this the the bottom of the crate, and troughs should be taken away or side should be removed for the turned upside down in the supports, . Laths should be nailed verti- so that nothing is left to be picked at
NEWS BV MAIL FROM IRK-LAND'S SHORES.
c
oislNff
s
*
crate feeding is not only the most satisfactory, but also the most eco-


x
Happening* In the Emerald We | of the 3rd Battalion, R.I.R., ha* been of Interest to Irishmen.
nomical method of fattening poultry.
The saving in the amount of feed required to produce one pound of gain is quite marked, and the feeder is front enabled to observe to greater advan- cany on the front, and lengthwise on between meals
tage the progress being made by in- the bottom, the same distance apart dividual birds. He can also* if neces
•ary, curtail the duration of the feed- should be loosened in the top of the lug period in the case of birds which cratv to facilitate the removing of have attained their maximum weight the chickens and a feed trough and are ready to be placed in the should be arranged in front as id-finishing cratv
killed in action.
The death is reported from Ipswich of Farijirntsi g mint Robert Me* The order recently made by the Donald, I) Battery, 86th Brigade, military authorities in Dublin closing R F A., as the result of a kick from all public houses to soldiers has been a mule. His wife and four children cancelled.	live *t Belfast.
The County Clare tuberculosis san- The Registrar-General’s report fof ntorium at Ballyalla, about two miles 1914 shows a decline in the number from Ennis, has been completely de- of emigrants from- Ireland. The total stroyed by fire.	is 20,314, as compared with 30,967
Enthusiastic scenes were seen at for 1918 and an average of 31,732 for Omagh railway station, when several the ten years, 1904-18. postmen and post office officials left The annual report of work of Bello join the Post Office Rifles.	fast Fire Brigade for the year end-
An old woman named Fuller, who ing 31st March showed that the bridled in Castlebar last week, had the gadc had responded to 210 calls. The
grandsons
at present serving at the front.
It has been reported to Lisburn Board of Guardians that during the week another case of spotted fever has been admitted to the hospital.
Dr. S. Agnew, in presenting his annual report to Lurgan Urban Council, stated that during the year there | vide a dipping station were births and 813 deaths i^i;fsiia4||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| tered.
It is stated that there is a deficit in the past year’s working of the Meath Hospital of about $5,000, and
appeal has been made by the gov- Scottish divine, before visiting India, ernors for help.	called on an old Highland woman in
The Ulster division of Lord Glasgow, says a writer in the Scot-Kitchener's army was inspected at Gsh American. “When ye gang tae Malom, Belfast, by Major-General Sir | India,” she said, “yell be see in ma
Donal that went awa tae India ten
come
one


Rations. .
The following *"j meal mixtures which are numbered in order of merit have been carefully selected with a view to efficiency and to convenience . f . —m .------- in obtaining the material. It should
The following article,Lby T A. In the early autumn Uu_ crates m £
Hran.l,: Department of Agriculture, tectum from the rain and wind, but ^p^Ta'hardne'Mo'lhe""" Ottawa, will be of much interest to ,f operations are continued later in •* Two	flnely ground oate,
stands of convenient height or suspended by wire attached to the rafters. The ground shoult at all times be kept covered with sand or other absorbent material.
as is recommended above. A board
A
Vi

many of oufr readers
The ('onstruction of a Fattening
('rate.
cornmeal.
2. Equal parts finely ground oats, buckwheat and barley.
Lieut.-Col. A. W. Currie
total losses amounted to $178,026, and the value at risk was $3,661,760.
At a meeting of the Public Health Committee of Derry Corporation it was stated that there is no sheepdipping station in the city, and the result is, dealers are taking their sheep elsewhere
Mentioned by Sir John French for
.	4	. his conduct on the. battlefield^ l_
3.	Equal parts finely ground oats, }1ag TecejVed a Companionship of the
barley and shorts	Order of the Bath.
4.	Two parts finely ground oats,
one part cornmeal, one part shorts. .
6. Two parts barley, two parts low ! ^ HAT TO DO W ITH SOUR ('BEAM
The fattening crate commonly used is six feet long, twenty inches high, and from sixteen to eighteen inches
wide. It is divided into three equal compartments by means of two tight 1 he Best Breeds for the Purpose.
The best results can be secured only
He
+
wooden partitions.
It was decided to pro-
By Nellie Maxwell, University of
Wisconsin.
The question is often asked by women living in dairy districts, "What can be done with sour cream, we often have more than we know how to
9	#
A Message Strangely Delivered
•4
Dr. Norman Macleod, the famous
1
use

It almost seems like asking what can be done with money, for cream is such a valuable food and may be used in so many appetizing ways that it should never be wasted.
The idea with most women is not Paraded “What can we do with it," hut instead, Joseph Donnelly, in the employ
RlpBSi SHi
¦--=; iSSSSFE=###
—- - sttxrss TH s=
ivEzHHEH	«rHHÂsr
s» as: settsks ïte.’Sr: as srs	- -
of ginger, a dash of cinnamon and ! Warrenpoint, and a call office at	Macleod had only time to
c oves and enough flour to roll. LetAunalong.	about, “You’re to write to your mo-
stand on ice to chill before rolling The Ven. J. M. Goold-Adams, Arch- ther|„ Rg the ve8eels drew apart. The
The material used in ihe frame from the use of strong, healthy, vig- grade flour or shorts, one part wheat I oul*. .	M |.. .	r.^üi*P°f i result of this amazing meeting waa
should he two inches wide, and seven- orous stock, of the general purpose bran.	Chocolate take. Take a cupful of, J[1a ** un *N	^	° that the old lady received a penitent
eighths inches thick. The frame is breeds, and the greatest gains are The proportions given above should ,lown BU*ar» a(*d a half cup of sour 00 ' > ‘an?s’ °,	e.,,,V . e,n*.e letter from her long-neglectful son.
covered with slats which run length-	obtained on birds that weigh from	be measured,	preferably, by weight,	cream’ a haIf teaspoonful of soda	Regiment, has been	killed	m action
wise on the top, back and bottom, and	34 to 44 lbs. when they are ready	and mixed to	a thin porridge with	°*je egg well beaten, a cup and a half	near	,,
vertical on the front, and are made to be	placed	in the	crates.	They thick sour milk, or buttermilk. On Lof.flour slft.e<1 w)th a teaspoonful of	Mrs. G. K.	Gi	i an	, u	roo	hall,
of material seven-eighths inches wide should	have	attained	this weight in the average 10 lbs. of meal requires	^mg Powder. Dissolve two squares	Londonderry,	has	received	intimation would,, t have hi»,
and five-eighths inches thick.	from four to five months. Leghorns,	from 15 to 17	lbs. of milk.	of choco,ate half a cup of boiling	from the \\ ar Office	that her young-	Great	thoughts seldom come in
The slats are placed two inches	Hamburgs and other light weight	If the birds	appear dull and consti-	u,ater *"d add *° the cake the last	er son, Captain Valentina	Gilliland, | very	big	packages
apart on the top and front, one and stock do not make suitable stock to pated at any time carefully dissolve I .J1**	* lavor with vanilla and bake ,	—
a half inches on the back, and from fatten. All birds should he thorough- and mix a small quantity of epsom |in *w® a^eri*	;	__
one-half to three-quarters of an inch ly dusted with insect powder, or com- salts in one feed; if bowels are loose, * abbage Salad. —- Shred cabbage on the bottom, ( are should be taken mon yellow sulphur before being add a little charcoal to one feed. Give very One and plunge into cold water to	4	v
to have th voûter slats on the bottom placed in the crates, and again at grit and green food twice a week. crisp. Dram and dress with sour,	W
at least half an inch from the frame the end of the first week.	If milk cannot be obtained in suffi- cream, sugar, salt and if not quite	4
in order to provide for ease in clean-	P ..B<r	dent quantities animal food of some aour enoughib very little vinegar may	\...
ing. The top slats are cut through	*	kind should be supplied, but the best	added. This is a salad which can	i-H-lfV \
at each partition and connected by The	object	in crate	feeding	is not results can be obtained by the use of	enjoyed at any meal with almost	V/,# !i\l
two-inch strips, nailed under them, only to increase the amount of fat milk or buttermilk.	I a^ combination of foods.
By hinging these strips to the rear and lean meat on the body, but also All food should f)^ mixed at least I . our cream when mixed with fruit frame piece, three doors are formed, to soften the tissues and muscles that twelve hours before feeding and a juices and sweetened will freeze A light ‘V* shaped trough 24 inches have hardened through constant exer-j very small quantity of fine table salt	and velvety. Orange juice
wide is placed in front of each crate, cise on free range. The duration of added, not more than one quarter of yith sour cream and sugar to sweeten and is placed in front of each crate, the feeding period varies from four- one per cent. Before being killed the 18 a combination especially tasty and and is carried on two brackets nailed teen to twenty-one days, depending birds should be starved for 24 hours, «chghtful. Mix and freeze as an ice to the ends of the crate. The hot- entirely upon the thriftiness of the but no longer, water only being given cream. Raspberry, grape juice or tom of the trough should be four birds. Some birds, given judicious to them during this time.	peach juice are others. Lemon is such
inches above the bottom of the crate feeding and good care continue to It is good practice to feed clctn M ac*d	tbe »our cream also an
and the upper inside edge two inches make satisfactory gains for even tallow to the birds at noon, during ac*d* ***** *”c reeo** J* not 80 *****
The tallow should be unless a sour frozen dish is desired.
i
&
i
%
Hugh McCalmont, when 17,000 troops
years ago, an' never sent the scrape of a pen tae his mither since.”
“But, Katie,” said the doctor, “In-


;
;



y
/
!
z
1





i1

A

-
A
\i
i
S *»
The Fattening ('rate
If woman had her way man

\
s
A

i
*
b
m
fi

(

/


longer periods than three weeks
from the front of the crate
the last week
Th< measurements given for con- Birds placed in the crates with shaved into the trough with a knife, struct ion of this crate are the best, crops full should not be fed for the j and is fed at the rate of about a but need not necessarily be strictly first twelve or eighteen hours in or- pound to each fifty birds.
High Life in Peru
/
Prof. Alsworth Ross, in an article in the Century Magazine entitled, "Peru, the Roof of the Continent,”
One of the numberless tasks of the |	<>f !be difficulty of merely sus-
¦TT	taming life in the higher altitudes
It was the Queen, moreover, who made the thoughtful suggestion that
B .... 1 f H'—iE ss —-rr-r-. "r -
HIS
™” - --ss.'ïa:	wtSr sirs, £ zr^s =s StZJuSTX.*ss
.In an account of a social gathering reporter described one of the lady wounded^in guests, who was of exceptional stature, as possessing a form 4 that Juno In might envy.” The next morning.
Water For an Army
QUEEN MANY DOING HER BIT
/
4
Wartime Activities
ICE CREAM
IS A FOOD
VALUABLE food if It’s pare. City Dairy Ice Cream is made of the purest ingredients, in a new sanitary building. We ship thousands of gallons to all parts of Ontario. The size of our business enables us to employ experts and the most up-to-date methods and equipment.
Keen business men reduce their Ing the sir
Ice Cream. Everybody can do so with benefit to their health.
m
\
t diet durer and consume more foods such as
senre on one
For sale by discriminating shopkeepers everywhere.
Look
i
ont
depth, box sections are driven in, one on top of mother, to the required depth
the qualities
in half

for
a
The mining company’s Americans

of i
thusiaem
lly big, athletic, deep-chested
--- strong ef 'jaw, sinewy of grip,
I ai.il masterful of manner. They are
. .	..	. ____ .	.	. If the fish eat all the bait off your well paid and looked after, but too
n/‘ '	1	' however, he read in the paper that hooks don’t be discouraged. They’ll many of them squander money and
h ,7ib7ZZ Jumbo"mighT'.nv'yf" m	*	,K#	*** v‘Ulltjr	* the demon of



the Ameri
id th
:
ital

*
»

TORONTO.


I a
I
w
ih
n Agent In
###PAGE###7###
“Dull? With you there, Tom, en-! tertaining me all the time, same as1 Daisy's entertained you?"
“Very well," maid Mr. Meadow*.
“Come!"
“Ag you’re bo pressing, I will," said the young man heartily. "And, by the way, what was that you maid to me the other day about Bern» Giles being a Brown on her mother’s side of the family? Didn’t you may that Mrs. Giles’s maiden name warn Susannah Brown? I had an aunt Susannah Brown, but my father lost sight of her years ago. It was thought she married a farmer down in the coun-
cauliflower, pumpkins, citrons, etc.— could he stored in the same way to good all-round advantage. C not the opportunity to market them to far better advantage than is now possible he both big and full of profits ?	4	+
CANADA’S
CHEESE POPULARIZED
Would
About the Household

What May Come 0/ the Further Development of the
Cool-Curing Room.
Suppose that each cheese factory which now owns a cool-curing room for the cheese had another and bigger matter. Either brick or frame outside	cool-curing room, one in which not
construction will do. To provide cold	only the temperatures at which
air, either a sub-earth duct, a stored cheese cures and ripens best, but one supply of ice, or even steady streams in which much lower temperatures of running cold water will do. If ice could be obtained and maintained, is used, an air duct from the ice room could it not he utilized to immense to the cool-curing room will pro- advantage by the patrons of the vide the cold transmission. If cold cheese factory? In the case of hut-water is used, a radiator system such ter or of eggs, it is not the tempera-as is used in hot water heating will ture of the cool-curing room
be effective. Walls require to be made	wanted, but one that is much lower,!	remainder	of a murder film which
am non-conductive as is economically |	pretty close to the freezing point, in	was	then on.
With the adoption of the cool-cur- practical. Stuffing with sawdust or fact. This calls for a somewhat more “Whatever is the matter with you?" ing room, the quality of Canada’s A ne shavings between the joists, then costly system for the cooling and pre-1 said Daisy at last, cheese showed a vast improvement. tar PaPer and hoarding, will make gervation of the food, hut the profits i «j waR thinking what a funny thing It popularized Canadian cheese in the the walls cold and heat proof.	to be realized are very much bigger. jt	be,” Raj(j Tom Be#g Q||eg
Old Country, and it was with the gen- “Does the cold storage room pay ?” Prices for butter and for eggs at mid-| and | turned out to be cousins.” eral adoption of the cool-curing room, There are many buyers whose opin- winter as compared with those avail-with the advent of first-class cheese ions are available as to what the cool- able at midsummer show a much
upon our own home markets, that the curing room means to the individual wider spread than those for cneese. t Qn the morning they were to accom-home demand and home consumption factory. One of these has estimated It calls for a little hit of skill and at-1 pany Tom Meadows to Muggleton, of cheese began to show an increase, it at something like from Vfc cent to tention to keep the cold storage drived at the station booking-Cheesc that has been cured may be % cent per pound in actual market plant just right. But many of these ! office by appointment, late, regarded as having been fully made, value. But he qualified this estimate are now in operation and the spread j bad guc^ a bother,” be explained But this is not by any means saying by the further statement that while between summer and winter prices, j **to get this new collar on to this
shirt."
The Canning Season The annual period of canning and with a cloth dipped in kerosene oil; preserving is approaching. It is an	then apply	the	blacking. The	stove
open question what fruits and vege-	will keep clean	much longer,
tables can he put up at home with	Borax is	the	best hairbrush	clean-
economy. Now that tinned and glass-	er* Add a	teaspoonful of borax and
ed goods are so cheap and often so a tablespoonful of soda to the water excellent many housewives find that in which the hairbrush is to be wash-they waste both time and money. e^-
Pineapples and oranges, for exam- A change the children will appre-ple, are not worth while. Commercial ciate is the baking of mincemeat in orange marmalades and tinned pine- tart shape. Simply line patty pans apple are good and inexpensive; and with the pastry and then fill them, considering the cost of the fruit, the covering the top.
sugar and jars, and the value of When hot cloths are needed comber time, the housewife who contin- stantly in time of sickness keep a ues to preserve pineapples and make colander full of them over a kettle
half full of boiling water. Keep The same is true of the kettle covered on the back of
Wet the kitchen stove while cold
Cool-curing rooms should be so built and equipped as to make it practical to maintain a temperature of from 65 degrees to 66 degrees constantly and with certainty. This ie the proper temperature for the curing of cheese. The humidity atmosphere should be neither nor yet too damp, hut about normal. Under these circumstances ft is easy to assure a good cure to the cheese before it is shipped.
of the too dry
try
He broke off abruptly, and sat back that is I chuckling to himself all through the
orange marmalade is not omical person
many vegetables. On the other hand, the range certain vegetables cannot be pur- Make kitchen aprons with a fiat chased, well tinned, at a moderate seam, stitched on both sides, so there price. The best asparagus, put up lH no right or wrong, and time will in glass, is expensive in the market; be saved both in washing and in and if a family is fond of asparagus, looking for the right side of the the housewife will do well to can it apron, herself in glass jars at a time when it may be obtained at the lowest Kuest chest in the guestroom, it price.	should contain emergency^ things
Whole preserved strawberries, nightgown, a hath robe, slippers, small lima beans, candied and pre- 8oaP* wash cloths, even a brand new served cherries, chutneys, chili sauce toothbrush, and grapefruit are among the more expensive delicacies in the market. a delicious luncheon addition. Cut These, if used in any quantity, it will Arm, cold tomatoes in thin slices and
place each slice on a round of bread
On each tomato spread
an econ
III
It is an excellent idea to have a
He spoke, leaning negligently on a smart shop-rolled umbrella, the finishing touch to an effect already “dressy," on account of a natty bowler, new light overcoat, spats and lemon gloves.
. "B.euS..G-!f*û” 88id ?a‘8.7,’ Uking a •>« Profitable to put up at home breath, ‘ wiH be surprised!"	The simplest method of canning and butter
Let s hope pleasantly surprised, fruit is to bring it to the boiling a teaspoonful of minced celery and
then! I've never found it any use try- point and then pack it quickly into minced sweet pepper mixed with
ing to be anyone but myself. I’d like jars that have been standing for mayonnaise dressing. Top with a
to wear tweeds like Tom does, but the fifty or sixty minutes in boiling wa- slice of buttered white bread.
smell of them gives me a headache.” ter. Do not use too much sugar in 1 Salted almonds made at home are
Tom Meadows’s tweeds were no cooking the fruit, for this adds to both better and cheaper than those
more offensive than any other such the expense and spoils the flavor, usually bought already prepared. To
material, but Ted’s susceptibility Success in canning depends chiefly make them, first shell them, and then
seemed to be specially marked this upon the perfect sealing of the jars. P°ur bubbling, boiling water on them.
morning.	If the fruit and the jars have been Drain it off immediately, and pour
All the way down he sat as far | thoroughly cleaned by boiling and another hath of actively boiling water
away from Tom and Daisy as possi- if the jars are sealed so that no air on them. Let them stand 30 seconds
hie, abstractedly looking out of the can penetrate, the fruit or vegetables and then drain agaip. Now remove
window and only once speaking. This	should keep for	years.	the	loosened skins. In a shallow	pan
was to ask if Bess Giles were going	In jellying, if	the jelly	remains	Put	two or three tablespoonfuls	of
to meet the train, and receiving a	liquid, do not boil it again with	more	olive oil and a teaspoonful of salt	and
grunt from Tom which he took to sugar, but try adding more fruit Put the almonds in this. Stir them
mean “yes,” he said he was glad of it. juice. It is probable that you have around until all are covered with oil.
Any embarrassment that Mr. Mea- already used too much sugar, and Put them in a moderately hot oven
dews might have felt at kissing Bess the fruit juice will make the jelly and brown them very carefully, shak-
under the eye of Daisy with the pro-	set.	ing	them several times so that they
per amount of affection, was saved	- will	brown evenly. When they	are
en as soon as it is cured, but it really very hard to say just how much it gross profits every season. There	’ nni!1JL tr, avor m a man Omelets are difficult to make proper-
never ought to be until it is “ripe.” saved the factory. Many times it was should be little reason why the farm- p , opened lorn seyes.	.	;y> a?d only Police gives a cook the
This is when it has stood in such a	possible that cheese which had	been	ers’ own cheese factory could not	. Te owing to	the relaxing air	knack of turning	a perfect one.
place as a cool-curing room, or some	cool-cured was saleable at a	good	operate them to good advantage.	|° . on on’ om dld	not find himself	French cooks use	no liquid in it, and
place with similar conditions, until price when, had it not been properly Each cheese factory has its man- ‘,U1 e so,c ^ry ln hls natlve Muggle- beat the eggs only enough to break
the processes of change that were	cured in this way, it might scarcely	ager, who is trained in the work	of	on’ and after some	rather strained	the yolks; this side of the Atlantic	mg,	am	growing	old,
started by the rennet have been com-	have been saleable at all.	skillful and careful handling	of	conversation between himself and	the custom is to	add water or milk,	Silver	threads	among	the gold
pleted and the cheese is at its final	Have We Enough Cool-curing Rooms?	perishable products. A little bit more	^aisy’ he	8U(ldenly Iooked UP to find	and many American cooks	heat	the	;Shlne. uPon my b^w to-day
and mellow best. Only then will it	To keep all our food under condi-	of schooling in the care of cold stor-!	the other	two were nowhere to be	whites to a stiff froth and	the yolks	^ fe is fading fast away;
always agree with delicate digestions, tions that parallel those of the cool- age and refrigerator plants would j 8ef,n* M .,	_ <ltM1	_ , to f foamy cream, and mix them to- » y ar > mJ J >e
afford the finest eating and nutritive curing room would he a pleasant equip him to take the responsibility I ,	®ald Tom, ‘111 soon find gather with a knife, just enough to y» young ant fair to me;
qualities. Once there was a time thing to think about. Suppose that of a plant of that kind. Every cheese ;	The man isn t born who can blend them.	Af8’ y <arin£*>°uwi >e
when Canadians would only eat every edible product of the farm were factory has its board of directors, i ,os^ me \n Muggleton.	Some cooks insist that water is Y Y° and *air me
cheese when it was very green and stored in a nice clean building adapt- who have been entrusted and success- . ut tbls morning his instinct was better than milk; some insist that	.	.
uncured. But at that time the total ed for it. Suppose that it were a pos- fully with the management of the af- ^lte, at	b* dinner-time, Miss water toughens the omelet and others	your hair is silver white,
cheese consumption cut a very small	sibility that there might be some tern-	fairs of the patrons so far as cheese,	Meadows,	foot-weary and aching in	insist that milk makes it heavy.	So	w * y^! ( ee s J0 , onÇ?r ,Ilg
figure. With the curing of cheese it	perature at which all of the best	is concerned. Every factory has its	every limb, permitted herself to re-	the only way to learn to	make	an	w‘ta Y\e roses °.f thf ^ay
increased, but with the broader realiz- qualities of these stored foods might salesman, and if he is a man qualified mark:	omelet that is light, of firm texture,	iss your ips an say,
ation of just what the real difference have a chance to fully develop, while to sell cheese he is a man who either “You said there wasn’t a man who substantial and yet in no way sug-	aarimg, mine alone,
between a ripe cheese	and a green	at the same time the development of	possesses or could easily acquire a	coldd lose you in Muggleton,	Tom,”	gestive of leather is to try recipe af-	“u	a'c>	never	o er grown
one is, the home demand for cheese other qualities not so desirable might mastery of markets for eggs, poul-1 sbe said; “but there ia, and his name’s ter recipe and method after method » y ar ,n*’	u one,
began really to grow.	be prevented. Suppose that at the	try, apples, and other products of the	Edward Brown!”	until perfection is attained.	0	e	nevcr	°( er £rovvn
A cool curing room,	one that de-	same time the texture and appear-	community. There would seem to be	It came on to rain, and it	rained	It is easier to make several small	,	,
mands nothing more in the way of ance and digestibility of the apple, a lot of possibilities in this matter of hard.	omelets than one large one. It is dif- . 1	sT^ir*^ " ' .	,,
temperature than a range of 60 deg. the pear, the peach, the plum, to say the cool curing room.—The Canadian ! Late in the afternoon, when Daisy	to handle a large one and its 1	‘	\a ( *
to 60 deg., is by no means a difficult nothing of the vegetables—cabbages, Countryman.	[and Tom ran the truant pair to earth	burn before the middle ^	he'trts that loVe will know ’
houw on’frienTof Be'»*’, not^'hun- Experience alone tells the cook	f1 chil!j|.
rubbed with salt to polish off any un- You have never °,d*r ffrown—
¦¦ I Since, I kissed you, mine alone,
You have never older grown.
—Eben E. Rexford.
DETAIL or FRAME CONSTRUCTION.
Ci a
—PkPl #
p—RARt •
¦-rsa SHUiNt
f»r
1
at
A tomato sandwich properly made


A
n
BOUC* AND
B »»»•« >*atl
C VATS
CNWNC BOOM
0 Band
DETAIL OF BRICK CONSTRUCTION
G AOKMO at
•MOM B»ACt
#'
ASAfA
’«• «MClta*
WASH »OOM .. . -

•mom eases
t> *<t'M
D
O
•«
MAKING ROOM
COOL CURING ROOM
ii*

covrwro wen , •M»
A
ICC CHAMBER
r r r y r r r
i r
c
c
c

A plan for a cheese factory with cool-curing room in the same building
oil
The SILVER THREADS AMONG THE
GOLD.
people with that hatstand in this “Your cousin’s been here a week, poky little passage."	Daisy," young Brown said at last,
Poor Ted suddenly stopped whist- "and being engaged myself, I’m holing. The next moment there enter*! ginning to wonder what Bess Giles mita If MagjMigitllgtJtiMMhB the biggest specimen of the county w*d BaY when she hears he’s decided
cousin breed he had ever seen.	to stop another three days.”
“It s a nuisance his coming up just «This is Ted Brown—er—a friend "Pm sure he’s seen little enough, now, with mother not herself and me of mine« gaid Daigy# «Ted, my Cou- after all."
busy all day, ’ said pretty Daisy Mea- gjn Tom."	4	* “Yes. Considering it’s always pic-
dows, as she finished laying the sup- «Give yg your hand, lad, if it ture shows with you in the dark, I'll "You two are gluttons for walking, per-tahle. “But we haven t seen	him	wejghs a ton!" said	Tom	Meadows. ( admit it," said Ted.	I can	see by your boots,” he said,
since he was a boÿ, and as it s his	hrst	gut ^ was not Ted’s	hand which	Miss	Meadows	tapped	her	foot	a	"Bess	and I have been amusing our-
visit to London we coulun t do	less	wejghed a ton.	little, a	sure sign	she	was	losing	her	selves	in our own way, pottering
than ask him to stay here. No doubt	As Mr. Meadows	progressed with	temper.	about the garden between the showers.
he’ll expect all sorts of prépara- hi# meal Ted Brown found it hard “Well, if you went <fc>wn to Muggle- If* fine to see the creeper budding ... . f	w
tions.	^	even to get a word in edgeways. The f°n to be shown round, you’d find Tom already over the summer-houses. ,n * or	ouse eepera.	The Serbians are among the most
“Oh, that’s all right, said Mr. Ed- COUf,jng seemed positively wrapped up would do his best to entertain you.” Wonderful warm in those summer- A dessert to be successful must be superstitious people in the world, ward Brown, her accepted suitor. “I’ll in each other’s conversation.	"It’s beginning to strike me that houses, too, for the time of year.” attractive to the eye. ,	They have especially peculiar ideas
help you set supper for him, and when	«jg there anything else you would being entertained is rather nice," said	"Bo," said Daisy, flushing, “you’ve* Beans and peas are too much alike about animals. They have a practice
he comes I’ll talk him silly about pigs |ike?* Ted, when the visitor had Mr. Brown thoughtfully. “I could do been sitting in summer-houses with to b<i u.scd at ths	m®a|;	of forecasting the future by means of
and mangold-wurzels. According to finished his third helping of cold beef, with a breath of country air, as a mat- Miss Giles?"	I ,, tapLloc.a make® a delicate and the shoulder bone of a roasted sheep
his letter he ought to be here in a few	He repcated it three times in mildly ter of fact. I’ve not been used to all	"Yes—with Cousin Bess—dear Cou-1 **^dent thickening for soups	or a pig. The fiat part of the bone is
minutes. You told him how	to get	garcastic tones, and, receiving	no at-	this gaiety," he added, bitterly.	sin Bess!" He smiled in the sweet,	D°n 1 u®f ^pa.ns and ki ttles in	said to predict peace or war. If it is
here from Liverpool Street,	didn t	tention> shouted it at last in	a	tre-	"When he suggested the other	day	apple-cheeked girl's direction.	“It's	coo.kinf~they ^ w	T' l° ,	.	lle?r a"d ,whlte’ k means Peoce:	if
.mendous voice.	that we should go down for a	day	turned out, I’m glad to say,	as 1	A.pp e sauce should	always l>e	eat-	rather dark, it means war. Near the
"Yes, a child couldn't have mistaken	“I said, is there anything else	you	when he goes back, you set your	face	hoped. It seems I've found my	Aunt	en counterl alance	sausage	and	upper part of the bone are some
the directions, but I daresay he will. |bloomin. weI, want?»	against it."	Susannah, and, Daisy, she’s enter- P°pk'„n„„ kl..	.	„ .BM tVln 'maM h(1'l,‘8’ *hlch according,to their
He's on fathers side of the family, Daisy looked up.	“I’d got the notion you were set- tained me, Cousin Bess has, in a way	in ih?	1"' Position are termed cradles
you know. He’s going to marry Bees “Yes," she said icily, looking round ting yours too near hi. at the time, I wouldn’t have believed—in the way	"	’	* I °r roffms *nd fore8hadow J°X or Bor"
Giles, the daughter of some pudding- tbe table. "Why, poor Cousin Tom, but I wasn’t myself."	you said she would if I came here." ‘	tk u, v r°y' ..	...
headed old farmer who lives out this you.ve had nothing to drink!"	“Then you wouldn’t mind coming to “I never said she would entertain „ ai£! «„ % !kh^	T'"	j*V*
way. I expect the pair will be well «n, get him ^me water," said Ted, Muggleton, after all?" said Daisy, y0U; I said Tom would!" said Daisy,	^ va!Jk	potatoes their husbands revealed to them do it
on with my sewing, then the evening walk to the dairy, and----”	leaning over, “that I shill be glad to will have to scurry if you’re going to minutes will be saved
won’t be quite wasted.”	“Never mind, Tom doesn’t mind accept your invitation to Muggleton, catch your train."	Add •
At that moment there came a loud waiting, I’m sure."	after all.”	Quite ten minutes must have passed
knock st the front door, end Dsisy «Not a bit," ssid Tom, sccommo- “But I thought you said you didn’t in the train before Dsiey spoke want. Mr. Brown remained leaning Uatingly.	care for the mud, lad ? I was going to “Ted," she said, faintly, “you were
against the dreamer in the kitchen,	IL	ask Daisy here to come alone."	in Muggleton all day, but I don’t be-
WWsUingp.the picture of a man per-	“That was kind of you, but she Neve yea as much as looked in at your
fectly sure of his sweetheart’s afTec- They were m s picture show. Daisy, won’t have any moving pictures to aunt’s!"
tions.	%	in her most fetching attire, was sit- look at coming back, and she might “Well, you see," he answered, “just
What an actress the girl was! She ting between her sweetheart and her f**| lonely. Besides, I don’t know if as there are a good many Browns, so was talking as though	she were really	cousin in the best seats, for	which	R’s your presence, Tom, but, some-	there are s	good	many	Susannah
glad to see him. Mr.	Brown, pitying	Ted had paid.	how, I want to see fresh green fields.	Browns. To tell	you	the	truth,	it
the victim of her deceitfulness a little, When the funny films were on the and hear the birds, and all that 1 wasn't quite clear to me that Bess’s went on whistling again.	cousins sometimes threw hlm s	word, I	don’t know a cock robin from a cow,	mother was	the one."
“I'm afraid the hall	is rather nar-	bet during the love scenes they sat	but I daresay you will point out the	He looked
huge," he soulfully silent and because Ted I difference to me."	“After all." be said softly, taking
heard Daisy say ’There, you silly, snorted during the tenderest parts] “You’ll find it very dull, I’m afraid,"+ber ~	-
me! Oh, 11 they ssid he didn’t know what love] said Mr. Meadows, discouraging!/. d
“Better leave it to Daisy "	# —
RELATIONS
eveness on the surface. The amount of grease and the kind used are matters which each cook must determine for herself.
Serbian Superstitions

you
The
wood is included in the charm to serve him for a boat.
pinch of borax to the rinsing water o/ handkerchiefs, if you would have them a little stiff.
Rub the ends of the ribs of the um brella with vaseline where they are fastened. This prevents rust I Irons will heat more quickly stay hot longer if a cake tin or other cholera. Cholera microbes are decover is turned upside down over stroyed, the doctor says, by other mi-them.	( crobes that develop during the process
Th* dessert that fails in its appeal of the decomposition of bodies in the to the palate is s wasted attempt, for open sir. This and other reasons, desserts* are eaten f»r pleasure, not according to Dr. Lcgroux, removes all hunger.	danger of cholera from decomposing
A faded carpet can be hr urktened ; bodies.
French Free At Cholera.
Dr. Louis Legroux, of the Paris Institute, has made the declaration that neither soldiers nor civilians in France need have any fear of the
at Daisy
and cleaned by rubbéug with warm

you positively
The man who clings to an ideal
water and ammonia, with a little bor
ax in it
###PAGE###8###
The Slmille Boot aid Shoe Store ! f
1

New Styles

We are incorporated for one million dollars.
Specials for this week.
We liavo an exceptional offer to make to the person with the ability to represent us in his locality.
o'2 pairs Women's Tan Boots, reg. from $3.00 to $.*>.00. This week only $2.50. This is one of the greatest SNAPS of the season.
A nice assortment of the latest styles in
Men’s and Tenths’ Hats
We can demonstrate how such person can make $500.00 in cash ami secure a possible annual revenue of about $500.00, all this for one month’s work.
at reasonable prices.
L\*> pairs Women’s Shoes and Pumps. Sizes 3 and 4. Were regularly sold from $2.00 to $3 00. This week for only 95c.
Something new and up-to date in
Our proposition is a serious one and deserves your consideration.
If you have good connections amongst people who have money, you can represent us with success.
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
will be found at
E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.

Don’t lose this opportunity.
Write now for particulars to
Manager.
Rooms 105 and 100
Mappin and Webb Building
Montreal.
15 pairs Boys’ Boots to *2.50
Were regularly sold from #1.50 This week only 95c.
Come early and get some of
these SNAPS.
Just Received !
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds


i
)
P. E. SMILEY.
“ANYTHING that is produced in
Canada from Canadian materials, hy the application of Canadian brain and labor, will always have first call with me. And it's only good business on my part that it shouldV
Supplied ns customers may require
Estimates furnished.
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand
The simple gift that lends the touch MvCallum of friendship without the em Ultra ment of an oidigation your photograph. '
\ ariotis styles of folders and mountings.
f Shaw villi Elliott acted chairman firent encouragement was given to tin Society 1 y both rev. gentlemen latte: dealing \\ itI: i he i
Xfter the
Mr. H. S
GEO. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
h.
11. 1 mison, Artist, King St.
Toronto, June‘29.—Bislum Thovn-lov. of Algonm wa* elect eel Anglican Metrot ml i tan of Ontario, at a meeting ot the House of Bishops in Toronto today. The election, which was necessitated by the resignation of Bishop Hamilton, wax to have taken place in April, but •' the eight bishops <>f the province were unable to reach a decision then.
‘verity "I good s|leeches came
the rendering of *• lii itisli P* the Cure," “ The Maple Ia*af Supper was partaken of by a very large crowd.
the picnic was brought to a cl<»>e by
National Anthem, all ijuyable day. lounteil to fWT.UO.
roads, et
Market <«¦ Pulpwood
et
I
1
II
Five dollars oer cord will be paid by the
undersigned for any quantity of Poplar and Basswood-Pulpwood delivered at any siding or station along the Can. Pacific Railway Pontiac branch.
Wood must be thoroughly peeled
ivmg
r
The pi
!
( oM
TEACHER WANTED >,ete D00l£ somersault from the bronchi
The released titbit was Instantly selz-T1 Proie anr teachers, holding )y the first crow, and the clever pair
55srBSts> n eft" - »* <**» «»—•
to coin in e nee 1 fit h of August next, Ap- >haut caw lug.—\ outh s Companion, wanted.
The Government of the Province Bishop of Saskatchewan, commencing July 1st took complete charge of the sale of liquor within the province. All bars have been put out of business, ami a number of the
hotels w ill close ujp. The <.¦ >\eminent will establish wholesale Valley this month :
houses in the various centres where July 4 Sunday. 11 spirits mav be <>btnlned in i t-trict
etl quantities. The new law experiment in Canada which has not always worked satisfactorily in other places. If this should also be the experience in the prairie province, machinery i* provided for its repeal.
Farthings Appointments
The following i< a lUt of
Bishop of Mo ,1 durit his approaching visit to the Ottawa
I
PlH»mt
l
THE GREATEST RAILROAD.
THOMAS QVAILE.
. Secy.-Treat.,
Otter I-nice
Xylinvr
X p. m.. S. Augustine's, Hard ley 7, p. in., S. Luke's Kurd Icy.
¦ > .Monday, X p. m., S. Onslow 7.;ki, p. ni., Quyon.
?5 Tucx, X p. m., Bristol Mines 7 :10. p. ni., Bristol Corners.
7 Wed., X p. in., Caldwell ; 7.20, p. ni., North Clarendon.
s Thurs., 2.30, p. in., Thorne Centre : 7.3u, p. in.. Otter Lake.
Ji Fri., 2.30, p. in., Greer Mount ; 7.30, p. in., Campbells Bay.
Africa’s Famous Cape to Cairo Line
Will B# Unique.
When nil the great railroad trunks of he world have been built, a decade or :wo hence, four of them will appear Jpon the map In heavy black, indicates that they surpass all others in importance. These will be: The Pan-American, from the arctic wastes of Canada to the strait of Magellan; the rransslberian, from the Atlantic to be Pacific across northern Europe and Asia; the Trausperslao or some other ine, from the southeast of Europe to India, and the Cape to Cairo.
The Pan American and the Indo European railways may surpass the Cape jo Cairo as commercial arteries, and :be Transslberian will doubtless Agar e more potently os a strategic line, out for the sheer Interest of the country traversed-for the picturesque variety and romantic appeal of the panoramas running like double cinematograph films past the car wludows-the great African trunk can never know a rival
Six thousand miles across G3 degrees )f latitude; a score of climates, and die lands of a hundred different peoples or tribes; the second longest of the world’s rivers and two of its largest lakes; the greatest dam ever built, conserving water for the world’s richest ands; the most Imposing and ancient )f all temples; the greatest waterfall ind the most important gold and diamond mines, and finally one of the last great expanses of real wilderness, the mly place In the world where the wild beasts of the jungle may be seen In :belr primitive state from a train-all bese seen, traversed or experienced In :wel?e days! Surely there can never be another such railway as this.—Lew-j B. Freeman In Worlds Work.
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
is an
Early Closing Agreement
We,
the undersigned business men of the village of Shaw ville agree to close our i espective places of business on Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
o'clock.
at (t
Young Britons and Orangemen
Marriage at Starks Corners
G.	F. Hudgins' Co W. A. Hodgins
J. H. Shaw 1\ F. Smiley
H.	Sliadel A. Dover
Geo. K. Wainman H. Smith Murray Bros.
Geo. W. Dale Ins 11. Armstrong G. A. Howard
A very quiet but pretty wedding was celebrated at Starks Corners on June 22nd, when Susie Louise, youngest daughter of the late W. T. Auketell,
Toronto, was united in marriage to Walter H. Nicholls, son of Ed. Nicholls,
Toronto. Bev, Kobt, E. Nicholls, brother of the groom, officiated.
The bride entered the church to the sweet strains çf MwteUohn’s wedding Inarch, played by Mrs. Maild Smart.
Her lovely gown of satin and ninon. trimmed with seed jiearls and French knots, looked ho pretty, with her veil and orange blossoms dra)«‘d over her dark hair, and carrying bridal roses.
Her only attendants were two little flower girls, nieces of both bride and groom, daintily dre>sed all in white and carrying bridal rosebuds, also wearing gr<s.ms favor—|**arl and amythst bnss hes. His favor to organist was a sealskin music roll.
After a small reception was held in war dance by dancing around and
It usually
- Sun., 10.30, a. in., I'arkman ; 3, p. m., Radford ; 7.30, p. m., Shawville.
1 |
12 — Monday, 7.30, p. m.. Portagt
du Fort.
Tues., 3, p, m.? Bryson ; 7.30, p. ni.,
Clark##,
BUY TOUR SUPPLIES FOR
J. J. S. Seaman, Rural Dean
THE 12th JULY PARADE
AT DOVER’S
IHfc UUNNlati UF CHOWS.
Sandhill Crane*
• tmm
The following account of this interesting western bird is taken from Macoun's Birds’*:
I#» India These Birde Have Been La baled "Shrede of Satan/*
Catalogue of Canadian
Tiuvelers is the orient have much to i to say about the Indian crow, a bird southern Manitoba about the end of hat for uncanny kuowlngness and April, circling around high in the prankish audacity has perhaps no blue and uttering its peculiar C%11. ?qnal. Corvue splendens-thus have When mating it repairs to some fail- | irnlthologKts flatterlugly la Mud him. lock or knoll and executes a sort of
The sandhill crane comes
We have everything required ..
Orange and Blue Ties White Shirts, Straw Hats Blue Trousers and Suits,
at right prices.
Special reductions oq all Suits for tips Saturday, so here is a chance to save rqoney to spend on Monday.
Follow the crowd and they will take you to our
store.
Rut a naturalist who knows the Indian
rows at first hand has called them 'ahmis of Satan, cinders from Tarant
I j urea their due, however. It should be mid that life in India Is not a little These are shaped and enlivened by tbelr presence. A cor
the parsonage when the cake was cut, flapping its huge wings g	¦
breeds on some tussock of decaying
the bride slipped away to don her trav
tiling suit, tossing her lx unmet to her ! vegetation in a marsh, building quite girl friend< The happy couple motored a Ur*e ne8t of m088 a?d ™8hes- 1 to Shawville to take train for Montreal,	° **
their fgturv home.—Com.	colored very much like those of the l‘os pondent wituessefl the following In-
loon, though perhaps, a little more j -blent: pointed. The young leave the nest almost Immediately after hatching.
They are clothed with a thick ferruginous down, and have legs about four Inches long. If caught when
reldily° TaU ag * br *ad or"‘Lcri^*ol I ,ul,il-T dtoeuMlng tbe strategy of tbelr meat, and are of great service to a ' n tended raid gardener. 1 have seen one about a
month old go down a line of onions 1 » way through the surrounding foliage, and take up every cut-worm from At the same time his mate flew lu their roots, as if an inch and a half | Vont of the perching hawk and. hov of mould were perfectly transparent.
After the young are fully grown they gather into flocks of from twenty to thirty and migrate southwards in the early autumn.—Cecil Selwyn.
To give these Impish créa
A small hawk had seized a little bird ind perched on a leafless branch to devour bis prey, Ts ? spectacle drew wo crows to tbe si ot They hopped ind flopped from braueb to branch.
Picnic at Sand Bay
The Harcmlm* Mutual Literary Sont ey picnic, held at Sami Bay on July 1st, was a decided success. The weather K ing hivorable rendertxl the s|s»rts all that could lie desired. The )eartaking »>f dinner by a large crowd was first on the program, after which came the sfs>rts, namely :—
Standing jump Lome Armstrong I, George Tait 2.
Running broad jump Orval Armstrong 1, l»rne Armstrong 2.
High jump—Lome Armstrong 1, Clarence Carson 2.	»
Putting the shot—I»rne Armstrong I, Harvey Wilson 2. %
Hop* step and leap—Vcrn Brown 1, C Ian-nee Carson 2.
Next came the ba*c Kill match I«e-
IW‘-« IW|*x ! .Old \ I* t‘»r 10. w in, h w.t-
very exciting for the spectators, the
thering was then treated to eating qw hes f,
The Oldest Warfare.
They were talking of tho great wars fought In the days when this old world was considerably younger.
But, you know,** said Pout, “It always seems to me that those old war-•lore were very much like our modern ins aciers."
“What on earth do you mean?*' ask-id MuoL
“Well, they were always In vest lug some one else'# capital, weren't they?" •London Mall.
Then one of them quietly slipped
prlng within a foot of Ids beak, main alncd a bustling menace of snatching lie titbit. That effectively compelled the itteutlon of the hawk. Ills prey firm y grasped beneath bis feet, lie an prlly hissed aud lunged at the hover-nuisance. Fo lively was the sklr Denmark is heartily praised by | nlsli that the human onlooker forgit Mr. Vanease, who has been making the Canadian census of the Eskimos, for Ha example in putting a stop to the depredations, plunders, and thefts committed upon the Greenland Eskimos by unscrupulous fur traders, and he rails upon thr Canadian Government to make like effort If we lawk * *OD8- barred tall by the tip, want preserve these hazardous-living relics of primitive humanity.
Greenland Eskimo»
Nice Outlook.
"When we ere married/' She cooed,
'! shall keep you In love with ne ah !
lie existence of tbe second crow. Bo*
low that wily bird reappeared some lists nee In the rear of his destined
rlet ini

With stealthy sldllugs and •bort. noiseless flights, he drew near. Then be made i swift dash, seised the
"And what Is your recipe, UMf be asked, drowlag her closer.
"I shall spend heaps and heaps of
ARCHIE DOVER


Ta

Rev. Mr
lung on It with bis full weight and oiuled the luckless hawk In a com
very
Ball of Fortage du Fort and Rev. Mr
•s pretty as I can."—Cleveland Leader,
