###PAGE###1###
O
*1.00 A YEA II IN ADVANCI
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV. 18, 1013
No. 21. U3kd Year

te=
THE HARDWARE STORE
The Merchants Ban(^ of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
ESTABLISHED 1874
Established 1864
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada, •
$ 4,000,000 4,078,200 60,000,000
Gun Bargains
OFFICERS 2
Sut II. Montagu Allan . .. K, W. Blackwell ..	.. K. F. Hladen
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Capital Paid Up •
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
You need not be a “ cheap sport " to get sport cheap
*7,000,000
7,245,140
80,190,400
Paid up Capital....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets.......................
239 Branches and Agencies In Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upward# draw# Interest at best current rates
Board ol Directors l
We have a few Rifle* a mi Shot Csiui# *till on hand, and aie offering them at decided bargains to clear. Note the follow ing :
now $18.50
“ 10.00
••	3.25
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON
Vice-President
President
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLARBN,
:lSR%"S' K^&BH.PERLEV
B. C. WH1TNKY.
GEORGB BURN, General Manager.
D. M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager
W. DUTH1R, Chief Inspector.	_
1 only Wine. Rifle 82 Special reg. $21.00
18.D0
> 55
3.73
2 44 Little Scout 22 Long
4.50
44
5.25
12
1 44 II. & R
Branches at Shawville and Quyon.
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
4.25
4.75
32
Stevens
1
W. F. DRUM A. A
5.50
0.00
5.50
25
1
Fort Conlonge Branch • J. A. McLATCHIE, Manager Campbells Bay Branch - R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager
4.50
Shot Guns 20 Gage
i
5.50
0.50
20
1
Results—Not Claims
z'lGowLiNc /)/)
HENRY’S
4 .30
44
5.50
16
3 “
1 wish the jieople of thin district to know that I am the authorized agent for De Laval Cream Sejiarator Hudgins.
The Carleton Place Herald expects that one hundred recruits will lx* located in the junction town during the coming winter.
The young folk of the Methodist Church were entertained at the , parsonage by Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Tripp on Monday evening.
Mr. L. I. Maréchal, K. C., has been sworm in a puisne judge of the Superior Court of the province.
The weekly sewing and knitting meeting of the Shawville Homemaker’s Club will be held oil Thursday evening, at Mrs. P. E. Smiley's.
The town of Sort i experienced a disastrous conflagration on Tuesday afternoon of last week. The convent chapel and 23 houses and stores were destroyed. Damage estimated at $225,000.
Friends of Mrs. H. T. McDowell will be glad to learn she is recovering from a somewhat serious fall received last week while attending to domestic duties.
Eggs have reached a price here hitherto unknown at this season of the year. It is because they are scarce or that the consumption is greater in consequence of the abnormal price of meat?
Another large shipment of stock was dispatched from the station here on Saturday, and as consequence a considéra le sum of money found its way into the jKx ketsof neighboring farmers.
Kodaks, Films, Developing Outfits, Velox Pa [KTs, Albums Calenders, Flash Powders, Greeting Cards, Trijaxl everything the amateur require*, us enlarge from your negative*, size* at a moderate price. H. Imison s Studio.
Messrs. McFarlane & Douglas, of Ottawa, have the job of putting the roof and cornice on the post office building.
X3T On Dec. 1st, we intend adding 50 cents a year to all mibsevilotions over two vears in arrears, and will place the accounts in a collector's hands. Fair warning.
Box Social—Friday evening, Nov. 1Î), at Ed. Hod gin»’, Charter!*. Proceeds in aid of St. Matthew's new jwir-Honage. Admission, 25c H H 1h)xcs free. A cordial welcome to all
Don’t miss this opportunity to secure a good Firearm cheap.
s. ]•:
Ottawa. Ont
OTTAWA, ONT.	/
is not known by what it CLAIMS, but by what it 00X8»
We give complete SHORTHAND, BOOKEEPING, and CIVIL SERVICE COURSES.
WINTER TER>’ opens Monday, January 3rd.
For full information apply,
W. E. Gowlinc President.
Since January. 1013, more than 235 student* hive come to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada ha* never been equaled.
Do not. these facts indicate undoubted •dperoritj Î
Our Instruction being individual, you ruay begin at any time.
J. H. SHAW. |

im
it

LJ
Ladies with
I). E. HENRY, President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts.
H.O. W, Braithwait Principal.
I wrisli to announce that I am in the poultry business for all kind* of live and dressed poultry at current market
r will sell on a commission E. T. Hodgins, Manager of
W. A. HODGINS
Front & Wood and Cockshutt machinery for sale by 8. E. llodgins.
Remember the box social at Mr. Kd. llodgins, Cliarteris, on Friday evening of this week.
Don't forget with every doaen until farther notice,
which means 14 Christmas Presents. The most economical and appropriate gift you can buy. Arrange your sitting to-day. H. I miaou’* Studio, King St.
prices, basis.
the Shawville Egg Circle
1S1	BUSINESS	¦¦
W ILLIS COLLEC F
W W	CIVIL SERVICE ¦"
The School of Efficiency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
SHAWVILLE
Amateur*, you van fix up some dainty Christmas Presents out of your collection of snaps. In Calenders, Greeting Cards, Small Albums, etc., I have some beauties ; call and see them. Finishing for amateurs a specialty. H. liaison s Studio, King St.
Two Extra Photos
The advance in the price of metal and many other raw materials that go into the manufacture of n newspaper may have the effect of advancing subscription prices before very long. Some of the Ontario weekly imper* have alriuuly . raised the subscription price to $1.50, payable ill advance, and others are expected to follow suit.
Christinas Photos ( •ining on Christmas day, they will be glad to have your picture, and you, theirs ; and if, perchance, you can’t go home this year, how pictures will help. Iraison offers two extra Photos with every dozen. Arrange your sitting today. Perfect facilities. H. Imiaon’s Studio, King St.
A small steamer called the Allen plying between Haileybury and Temiscaming, foundered in a gale on Thursday last, and her crew of three men and one jiapsenger, were lost. The passenger was, 11. I^a-coste, whose body was found. The crew were Capt. H. Kirby ; Theodore Fournier,engineer, and Oliver Menard, deck hand.
Personal
Winter Supplies
Mr. Chas H. Wain man returned last week from a month’s trip to Saskatchewan.
Mr. Fred McCagg, of Austin section returned from the West on Saturday.
Mr. Alf Posselwhite returned from the Central Experimental Farm last week, having decided to 8i>eiid the winter with his family in town.
Mr. Cecil WaNh arrived from Macdonald College on Saturday, to attend the wedding of his brother, Garret.
Mr. Emerson Paul, who enlisted with the artillery, and is in training at Kingston, spent the weekend with lus parents at Hryaon, returning again Monday afternoon.
Mr. Ray Wilson, of Green Lake, has gone to the hospital to be treated for an nttaek of neuthritis, with which he has been laid up for several days previously. One of his legs is seriously affected.
Mr. William Hodgins, Mrs. A.
I loti gin*, Miss Thomson and Miss Carey motored to Cobden on Saturday to attend the funeral of the late Mrs. Hebert I). Hoyle who died at Brock ville, following a painful illhess.
Mr. Claude E. Shaw, who was engaged on the Government geodetic survey in the Maritime provinces during the past summer, returned home on Saturday. Claude was working in a region where fish and game were plentiful, and has a few good yarns in store for the fireside evenings.
V^XEY LOST—About 21st of October la»', tome where in Shawville. the sum of she dollars, made up of one $5.00 and a $1.41$ bill. Finder will be suitably rewarded by leaving the amount at Thk Fruity Office.
At the home
FOR MEN
LOST—On Monday, between Cater s Hill and my property, a car-wheel chain. Finder will oblige by returning to the owner. H. T. M< Dowell.
Sweaters Heavy Pants Mackinaws Mitts and Gloves Underwear Caps
Overalls and Smocks
(Peabodys)
FOR SALK 1 Short Horn Durham Bull Calf. Apply ville R. H. No. 1
to J. II. Brownlee. Shaw
NOTICE—For adoption of a big. strong, healthy Baby Boy. one year old, Good home desired. Address : The Home, 37 Turner St., Ottawa. Ont.
Let
All
FOR SALE—A Two-Speed Rig Twin M Indian *' Motor Cycle, and Side Car. in flrst claas running order. An excellent machine for speed. Owner desirous of obtaining a car. Apply to Mr. R. E. Nicoli.#. Starks Corners, or P. O. address Shawville, R. R. No. 2.
A Measuring Social will tie held in
the Templars hall, Austin, Nov. 24th Admission—6 cents a foot and 1 cent
Children un Supper will lie a social even-roceeda in aid
for each additional inch der 12 years, 16 cents, served. Come and enjoy ing and good program. P of the temperance cause
Temperance ml vouâtes express confidence that when the petition asking the County Council to submit n by-law to the ratepayers to decide the question of county prohibition, is again presented to that body, it is likely to meet with more favor than at the September meeting. Influences have been at work in certain quarters since then it is claimed, which have ght a change in sentiment, ding the measure.
f CONCRETE CULVERTS, PIPES AND V-' curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. H. T. Mi Dowell & Son. Shaw ville. Que.
Copies of Egyptian newspapers received hist week, postmarked 4 Alexandria, Egypt, and addressed in the familiar handwriting of Dr. Lippiatt, intimated to The Equity that our old friend, the Dr. had reached the land of the Phnroalis, doubtless to serve on the staff of the large base hospital which has been established there.
Mitts and Moccasins
(Wrights)
Important to Farmers
Having purchased the elevator from the Dowd Milling Co. at Shawville, I am prepared to handle all kinds of Farm Produce at the highest cash price.
wroti regai
With the near a making weather, t fans are beginning to discuss t lie Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Wain man, prospects for the winter of 11U6. received on Saturday an interest-will there be a c ounty league this j„g letter from their son Carlton, year ? is one of the questions that who, with the other Shawville looms upi>ermost. The indications Roys, is now in the big military that there will not be one, ramp at ShornelifTe. Carlton has unless other towns get a rush on, becm much impressed with what as Shawville did two years ago, he ha* seen since landing in Kng-and build suitable rinks, the gen- land, and is particularly énamourerai concensus of opinion being ed of the beautiful scenery.
hockey is
out.
Felt Boots Wool Mitts Socks Over Socks Flannel Shirts etc, etc.
ppvoach of icelle local hockey
WM. HUDGINS
Deaths
Equal iarts of turpentine and ammonia will remove paint from clothing.
Louis Chevalier was instantly electrocuted at a brewery in Cornwall, and later in the evening, while Oilier Latour was expianiug how it hniqiened, he, too, was in- cemetery
Industrially Pembroke has little revenue at Ottawa, and one of the lea son for worry at present, foremost champions of bilingual There are no idle men in town and schools in the city, died suddenly labor is becoming quite scarce, on the 1th instant from heart Quite a number of plants aie failure running day and night and probably at the present time 400 men The local ladies of the Shaw ville are engaged at night work.-1 ein- H0,nemiikers’ Club, who, during broke Observer.	the last year have been devoting
their energies to Red Cross work, received a liberal res|wm^e from citizens ln-t week when they sp-
are
Mrs. Ilobin, widow of the late .Lihti Hobin, formerly of North Clarendon, died at her home m Ottawa, on Sunday last. Funeral on Tuesday at North Clarendon
Rev. Mr. Phillips of Ay 1 win. who was chosen as first choice of Captured Large Eagle-Mr. St. Paul's Church vestry as the W. J. Hayes, of Litchfield, while successor
in town on Saturday dropped in has,	„ _	„	..	.	...
to tell The Equity of a large eagle reeeorslnp of St. I am a by His which he captured about a week Ixmlship Bi-hop Farthing, and it previously. The eagle measured is expected he will accept. _¦ feet acmes the wings, and was here a few days ago looking weighed nine pounds. From the over the rectory.
description given the immense	, , ,	.
bird is likely one of the “golden" The opinion is freely expressed variety. The eagle was captured that potatoes will have to be in a trap, which, however, was brought into Ontario from outside not set to en-mare him, but for the |H)ints. XV bile the rot due to the purpose of capturing dogs, which wet went lier is likely to ca u#e_a had niKcle serious rains on his great scarcity in Ontario, rcig> sheep-fold, he having had nineteen indicate that there is abundance
sheep killed or worried by the in the North XV est «m well a* in Th(l #nnna| me*tjng
iS§SiiS‘ |Ef|p"fF|gS5S '
sfiî:SMs'tM?*"»1?: -ssa• btTm'arsiarss'Sffisl•S*"-
y, it wm bard to kill.	Jtbeui rbippwl into Ontario.
Dr. Freeland, collector of inland
¦ to Rev. Mr. Seaman, we learn, been offered the
Corduroy Pants for small men,
Ho
size 32, 34, 36, worth $2.00
seven
will sell for $1.25.
Lily 0. and B. Co	J|	1
Annual Meeting
If similar appeal-
rts
W. A. HODGINS
up necessane Front.
were made in other localities, we have mi doubt they cheerfully reqmmled Pontiac people would be found ton svltl-h and mean to be moved b) appeal* of this kind.


will he held in member 19th.
would lie to. Few
d
lie pre
^1
Secretary
###PAGE###2###
î
FRENCH TRENCH IN CHAMPAGNE
##
GERMANS ARE HARSH.
FROM OLD SCOTLAND
About the Household
Military Training Han Brutalizing
Effect on Men.
Owing to his curious mixture of | NOTES OF INTEREST FROM HER
banks and brae&


W'



emotion and stolidity the German is far more easily excited than most of his enemies. I read in English books
T.r.:r-t r- °- -
“If the German ever was a stolid per-'	and lands of Auld
son he certainly is not to-day. The German of to-day is noisy, shouting,,
staring, and over-bearing. Particu- Edinburgh’s municipal rates larly is this so with the non-commis- *)v educed this year, sioned officers. Downtrodden for At the lifeboat flag day recently generations, they are now retailing on held *n ( oatbridge the sum of $734.32 such unfortunate inhabitants of Kus- waa realized.
sia, Poland, France, and Belgium as After an almost " complete recon-come in their way. The German Gov- struction, Maybolo Gas Works have ernment sedulously circulates photo- ****** formally opened, graphs and cinematograph films of ^ he valuation of the burgh of Dun-posed German soldiers playing with farm line shows an increase of $34,120, enemy children. 1 have no doubt that aa compared with last year, in such cases such episodes have gen- Lord Doune has joined the Flying uninely taken place, because many a ( orps and is putting in his prelimi-Landsturmcr has sympathy with little nary training on the East Coast, people; but, on the other hand, I have A flag day in aid of the National witnessed absolute brutality on the j Lifeboat Institution was recently held , part of German soldiers towards their, *n Kirkcaldy and a sum of $676 was own people.	realized.
j Here is an instance. I had occa- The Earl of Moray has got $160,000 ! sion to visit the office of the military | as compensation for lands taken commandant at Posen shortly after I »n connection with the Glasgow the Russian retreat. It was interest- water scheme.
ing to observe the cringing displayed Glasgow School Board has decided by an Unterofficer before his superior, against the employment of married Immediately afterwards this man was women teachers, unless in exceptional^ approached by an old couple, two re- circumstances.
turned refugees, who humbly and I Lady Jellicoe, wife of the Comman-civilly inquired where they should I der-in-Vhief of the fleet, was present find a lodging. His whole attitude ! at the re-opening of the Pathhead changed. Turning upon them savage- Tipperary Club, Kirkcaldy, ly, yelling and screaming, he took ' Richardson Russell, an Indian Mu-them by the shoulders and kicked	!	tiny veteran, has died at his home in
I them out of the building, saying “You	I	Parkhead. He enlisted in the old 78th
U/ AC	CCADCfl	“The	case	of	a	boy	who was	a great	K° to the right place to ask such	Eoot nearly seventy years ago.
fflhj UllvC rC/UUjl/	coward,	another	of	19	possessed	of	a	questions. I have nothing to do with	I	A proposal is on foot in Dundee to
AP lirrr/timn 1 r*P (ïcsire t0 commit suicide, a boy of 16 such people as you.” This is a case j discontinue Sunday evening church AS Will Hi n Ah I known for cruelty and malice—these,	German harshness to Germans. | services during the winter owing to
fmU 11 11 VIAl/llilt 1 j recall,	The man had been browbeaten by his the rigid lighting regulations.
---	! Were Cured by Hypnotism	superiors all his life, and now the de-1 Two hundred more members of the
HYPNOTISM NOW HAILED AS "«"% ™ T° « “f-W. - 5“ ^
j) Ynnmr Qh >earot Kiri, Grace One trembles to think of the atti- Second City’s policemen soldiers
_ ________________________________
Be Greatly Benefited If Not Cured.
Dainty Dishes.
Steamed Indian Pudding.—One cup a few minutes in the alcohol, corn meal, one-third cup sour milk, j Eack glass or china in hay which one-half cup molasses, one-third cup *s slightly damp. This will prevent chopped suet, one teaspoon salt, one the articles from slipping about, teaspoon soda, few grains ginger. Rice flour or rice which has been Mix soda with sour milk, add other j hoilod is excellent added to the cup ingredients, pour into buttered mold of mutton broth served the invalid.
The second and third cuts front Meringued Apples. Prepare ap- t,u> t0P <,f the round of beef are
pies as for baking. Cook until ten- not expensive, and they are not
der, but n<>t broken. Fill centers with tough.
•ppl® jelly or marmalade and coat
each apple with meringue made with a vo°h dark place as far as possible, whites of eggs and sugar, one table- as th»s helps to preserve their flavor, spoon of sugar to one egg white ' M°at should be taken from the flavored with lemon. Brown in oven. PaPe#r as soon as it arrives, and never Cassel Pudding (English).—Take I>ut in direct contact with the ice.
Sugar is present la 1$ in hsna-
their food
stains from wash goods. Soak them

Scotia.
are to
Hr
wK' \fwvtww
a«vrwV-flwi .Ava' T.A w. i.rtA kv.’..oy w vît i
mid steam four hours.


v*A


X

*>*¦
1	- f f/A v ' 41
.

\ i
Tea and coffee should be kept in


%

VvWH


•V %
*«43

» Î*

V-.



weight of two eggs in butter, in sugar and in flour. Rub butter and su- nas» ffvnpcs, etc., and gar together, add to them grated peel valuv *s derived almost entirely from of halt a lemon and yolks of eggs that, beaten light. Stir in flour and, last The juice of a lemon added to a of all, whipped whites of eggs and Pan of water will freshen wilted one-half teaspoon baking powder, vegetables. Let them stand in it Grease small, deep patty pans and ^or onc hour.
bake pudding in these for about one- ^ *8 wise to use either mustard or half hour; turn out on hot dish and retl popper in preparing baked beans serve with hard sauce.	or lobster dishes, as these comli-
Johnnycake.—One-half cup sugar. menl® uscd sparingly render the one-half cup thick sour cream, one-	more digestible,
half cup thick sour milk, one egg, Delicious tomato sandwiches one-half cup flour, one cup corn meal, ma,*e h)' cutting the tomato one teaspoon soda, one pinch salt. thin and spreading it with Beat egg until light, add sugar and 1 nalM‘-mix. Dissolve soda in
¦pu
1 #
Ni
I.


Vi

If/

-fi

over
new



Es
jt:
are
1
very

mayon-
C ut the bread rounds with milk. ® cookie cutter, spread and use the add to sugar and egg, together with sî‘cfs °f tomato for filling, sour cream. Add flour, corn meal Keep a bottle of glycerine in the and salt, beat thoroughly, pour into hi undry. a tea stain, however per-well-greased biscuit pan and bake s'stent, will often yield to this when twenty minutes in hot oven.	other means fail. Wet

sour
The picture shows a French terraced ireiivh in tJic Champagne region freshlj supplied with oannon- balls and luuid grenades.
Rice a la Mode.—One pint cooked ^rst with water and then with the rice, six slices bacon or salt pork, glycerine. After a few hours wash three eggs, one tablespoon butter, 'we** w*th 8°«P and water, one-fourth cup milk, one tablespoon chopped onion, salt, pepper and one teaspoon parsley. Beat eggs, add 1 milk and pour into hot saucepan which butter is melting. Stir stantly, adding onion, salt, and parsley.
*
COMING TO AMERICA.
in A Movement to Make Cade Sam a
German After the War.
AID TO MEDICINE.
up
con-
The Government has taken over the Freestone quarries at Corsrhill, Annan, and at Cove, Kilpatrick-Fleming, and the wages of the workmen have been increased.
Mr. Tennant, Under-Secretary for War, who is present tenant of Hutton Castle, Berwickshire, is understood to be the new proprietor. The price paid was $115,000.
Arrangements are being made for holding a Red Cross Flag Day throughout Scotland for the object of raising funds on behalf of the sick and wounded overseas.
pepper j When creamy add rice
After the war there Will be a t ream! when thoroughly heated again mendous flow of German emigration mound in platter, surround with hot to America, says the London News, fried bacon or salt pork, and Date Cake.
way
to remove it was to reduce the blood pressure and the circulation in those parts. There were times when I almost lost hope, because the child blind in
—+
SHE KNEW COFFEE.
This I gathered from many conver-This cake is economi- nations in Berlin and elsewhere with < a! and quickly put together. One- Germans who foresee that their own Hypnosis as a medical aid has been third cup soft butter, one and one- Ian‘l will he poor after the fighting is extremely popular with authors and third cups brown sugar, two eggs, d°ne« and that America is rapidly ris- playwrights during the last one-halt cup milk, one and three- "lg to the first place in finance and years, being set forth successfully fourths cups pastry flour, once sifted, commerce.	and interestingly in two brilliant
one-half teaspoon cinnamon, one-half 1 he Germans who have gone over plays, “The Shadow,” by Nieodenie, teaspoon grated nutmeg and one-half to Berlin and into the army from and in Belasco’s “Case of Becky.”
line*
mmmmmmÊÊÊmrnm
poopl*e*”OU Wi" not return to the*‘‘ dent, go through a set of exercises	f;,med Thirty ''ounds-	three times thtir" w^ght of chicory	H“ the Speed and Efflcienry of Flfty
4.x- IT .	|Q. f	which	I	demonstrate for them. These1 Insanity, nervous trouble and I was ready for the test.	Men-
waasmm
one-half cup of potatoes, flour to l>rranf s f u Amencan accent before muscles and nerves thoroughly. By hand has on a tired head. We know	 ?- and	delivers	it	Into	the	watrnn
make thin butter; beat for five min-	doing	this	you will quiet your nerves, 'j1»* drowsiness and sleep depend on THOUGHTS FOR THE DAY. at the oDDoeite side of the machine
utes or until smooth and light. Let .B.ow ** >’°u will suffer less pain and get well sluggish and diminished blood pres-   with annrn*imat*lv the eweeH «ml
rise four or five hours, or until air AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND fester/	| «ure in the brain. In hypnosis the The path of duty is the wav to ficie^cv of fiOv me^
bubbles cover the surface and show	—~	‘	*	ou	Probably	do	not realize that same causes are at work, the same in glory.—Tennyson.	The loading Dart of the m ichine Is
Shat the batter is light. Now add 1 roud of 1 hte|r Heroic Son* and ><>ur brain or mind controls the mus- fainting, in somnambulism and cats- Excessive distrust is as hurtful as in no wav com d! ira tod When the one-half cup of lard and one teaspoon-	Brother*.	cle*« nerves and blood vessels of your l(,psy, because they are all different towering presumption.—Swift.	loaded «coon reaches the machine the
******* Change ,h, Hd. of the kitfh.n	^	Ire	5 SÜÜÜtT “	UR°B REF°RMS
Wmm iHMSS
sùf,hfFrF?zstrof,he*nd—sss&w:hzs?z£1 srnorflnefun,iture-Dr-v‘-s
When buying nut, avoid the mixed New Zealand e«U - ¦	!!hy M,“ csn **• neatly benefited, If not “1 "uppoee you were touched when —which he need not have at all,
Twl1 'ZZr-ZJ-..	»•-	M iSSi.	w SS: “¦
in trjp r zz gr tti- as "¦ -
serve.
Sir Hiram Maxim’s Stenographer
Was Delighted.
was
PH^^Hone eye and was paralysed,
; in speech, limbs and bowels.	A *rea* many people who flatter
“At first progress was very slow, themselves that they are judges of hut after a while I became encourag- coffcc or other beverages may learn 0i\ when I saw she took interest in a Ies80n °f caution from the experi-things. One morning she was able to mcnt* carried on by Sir Hiram Maxim
say to her mother, ‘Mamma, hear the when hc wae trying to find a palatable preparation of wheat and coffee.
few
The one blind
I
Considerable damage was caused by a fire at Millbanlr*Works, Dundee, owned by Messrs. Low & Bonur. About two hundred employees are temporarily thrown out of work.
Meetings arranged by the Paisley War Savings Committee have been held at several of the local public works to urge upon the workers the necessity of exercising economy.
Since the scheme of supplying the soldiers and sailors with refreshments passing through Perth general station was inaugurated, no fewer than 60,000 meals have been served.
The valuation of Stirlingshire this year is $3,873,595, an increase of $2*2,-240. St. Ninian’s Parish shows a reduction of $17,000 caused by the decrease in the output of minerals.
-------*--------
GASOLINE EXCAVATOR.
pan and bake in moderate forty to forty-five minutes. Sprinkle top with confectioner’s removing from oven.
Carrot Soup.—Two , raw carrots, two slices
sugar

Breads.
Broun Bread.—Two cups of
c<
rocket bonk
Household Hint*.
A quick and easy method of polishing linoleum is to wash it milk.
to
over
War Economy League Would Eschew
Sweetmeats.
One of the first reforms proposed by the Women’# War Economy League of London la to induce the people to try to get along without sweetmeats.
Other needed economies relate to the $86,000,000 spent annually in motorcars, motorcycles and cycles and $20,000,000 on Imported gasol Britain spends also $16,000,000 skins and fun, $7,600,000 on ornamental feathers, $86,000,000 on silks. $26,000,000 on wines and spirit*. ! nearly $40,000,000 on tobacco.
The
omy in coffee, tea and #fl imported articles of food, drink and w *tr.
w ith
line.
on
*
Dont let the badness of
II
_	if you made the dree
for nervous insomnia and somnam- neighbors worry you; they might self, what is this bill fort
bulism by this auto-suggestion.	| do worse.	| She—Alterations, dear.
your
your-
###PAGE###3###
SOLDIERS OF WAR
IN MANY LANDS
LEST WE FORGET!
INTO PROMISED LAND—TO REDEEM ALSACE
The Story of Infamy and Wrong Perpetrated by the German Soldiery in the Plains of Flanders, Valleys of the Vosges
and the Rolling Fields of the Marne.
SOME CURIOUS ARMY CORPS IN VARIOUS COUNTRIES.
•**3

1

!K%

In post-offices throughout England one finds small 12-page pamphlets, entitled “Germany’s Dishonored Army.” They are circulated by the Parliamentary Recruiting Committee and are free to the public. In occasional, very occasional, bookstalls, one finds lean lets of the Union of Demo- where marked the German presence, cratio Control and other such pari- the professor concludes fist organizations, also free to the like to draw the attention of the The Government pamphlet reader to some unpleasant facts which contains additional records of German throw a baneful light on the temper atrocities in France extracted from of German officers and men. If one the report of Professor J. H. Morgan, thing is more clearly established than commissioned by the Secretary of another by my inquiries among the State for Home Affairs to investigate officers of our staff and divisional the alleged breaches of the laws of commands, it is that chateaux or pri-by German troops in Frence. vate houses used as the headquarters When the time comes for peace terms, of German officers were frequently pacifists and sentimentalists will raise found to have been left in a state of their voices, pleading for the enemy, bestial pollution, which can only, be There must be no leniency, no sacri- explained by gross drunkenness or fice of civilization to barbarians, filthy malice When peace comes, peace terms must planation, be secured which will insure as far as while to use the beds and the upholds humanly possible the freedom of stery of private houses as a latrine is the world from tyranny and greed not an atrocity, it indicates a state of
mind sufficiently depraved to commit one. Many of these incidents, related to me by our own officers from their The Parliamentary pamphlet might own observations, are so disgusting well have been headed “Lest We For- that they are unfit for publication, get.” Those who read it and remem- The point to deliberate defilement.” ber they can hardly forget—will demand of Germany a settlement which shall leave her too broken to dare to
at will, and hardly a single straggler was left behind.
“Diliberate Defilement.”



«

mm
WWlgB
Servian < avairy Regiment With Two
Men on Each Animal.
i
0 !
mm

Wm§
JSÊÆÊii*
Dealing with the subject of private property, and after recounting the destruction and pillage which every -

M
&

It is abroad that we find the most romantic and pictures(|ue of military bodies; but there are quasi-military organizations in Great Britain which are not included in the Army List, and which, although the man in the street is to-day far more learned in regard to military matters than he was a few weeks ago, are probably quite unknown to many people, says London Answers.
Our Bodyguard of Gentlemen-at-Arms, the “Yeoman Warders of the Tower,” and the King's Indian Bodyguard are fairly familiar to Londoners; but how many have heard of the corps of local Highlanders which springs into existence to guard the ruling Sovereign whenever he visits Balmoral ? It is a corps entirely apart from all military conventions, yet the members are strictly disciplined, dressed, and equipped.
Many British firms have formed special Territorial companies or semimilitary bodies; but one London manufacturing firm has a complete corps, with band, drums, and fifes, ambulances, etc., and every member of it is an Army officer or ex-soldier, and wears a distinctive uniform.
The Grappling Corps.

ft
“I should
m
w

&
v#i
public

Xi





i
#N

war
At last tin* soldiers of Franco are sighting tlielr Promised land—the ravished provinces whirli they have sworn to redeem from the hold of the Huns. This wonderful photograph, reproduced from J'ai Vu,
won their way through the harlsxl death-traps and
«hows how the French Armies of the Vosges have grim desolation of a shell-swept lone. “A loud cheer halls our victory. The crest of Lorraine la ours! Now to reclaim the fair plains of Alsace."
. Whichever be the ex-the fact remains that,
ACROSS THE BORDER
NEW LIQUOR RULES
HOLLAND HAS BIG PROBLEM
Early ( losing and Restrictions Felt, Belgian Women Want to Be Near Interned Relatives.
M Ji m ¦	There are about twenty thousand
of distilled liquors in Greater Berlin, Belgian girls and women who consider which were proposed in August by themselves, and are considered by Police President von .lagow to the those who have taken a first hand governing authorities, have gone into glimpse at their plight, the most un-Under the heading: “Methods of effect. They are so drastic that land- happy creatures in the world.
They will de-' Savages,” the report reads:—	j lords and distillers are in despair, and They are the wives, daughters,
“The public has been shocked by	the general public feels that	its indul-	sweethearts and sisters of	Belgian
of revenge, but in the spirit	that	the	the evidence, accepted by Lord Bryce’s	gence in “schnappes” and	similar	soldiers interned in Holland.	Women
law demands the punishment of the	Committee as genuine, which tells of	drinks is to be very largely curtailed,	without a country these are, but	more
criminal—for the protection of hu-	such mutilations of women and chil-	The rules now laid down forbid the	—women without a home, with	little
manity.	dren as only the Kurds of Asia Minor	sale of distilled liquor except between	food and less clothing. Their	hus-
It is a dreadful report, although not	had been thought capable of perpe-	9 a m. and 9 p.m., the sale in restaur-	bands, fathers or brothers are	alive
more dreadful than those of the Bryce	(rating. But the Committee were fully	ants having woman waitresses and	and unharmed, idling most of	their
Committee or the Belgian Committee.	! justified in accepting it—they could	barmaids, the sale in “automatic” !	time away	in	Dutch prison camps.
The result is to confirm the conviction	| not do otherwise—and they have by	restaurants and the sale to drunken	There will	be	no union until the war
that German atrocities were the re-	no means published the whole. Path-	persons. The liquor may be sold only
suit of deliberate military policy.	1 ologists can best supply the explana-	for cash and must be drunk on the	Under cover	of night, in disguise
Professor Morgan presents	extracts	tion of these crimes. I have been told	premises.	or on the strength of heart	stirring
from German diaries to prove	that	the	by such that it is not at all uncommon	Only casual examinations	of the	please hundreds of these homeless wo-	MBIHHHHi
killing of defenceless British and in cases of rape or sexual excess to new rules does not reveal how drastic men have managed to get across the ; schools to check engineers, fire- idea hardly strikes one as military French wounded, the slaughter of find that the criminal when satiated they are. Relatively few persons, be- border line to be near their interned men and janitors.	j Yet, some twenty-five years ago, the
civilians,	and	the	destruction of	towns	by lust, attempts to murder or muti-	cause of the late working and eating	men folk. Once on Dutch territory	Illinois	Supreme Court	ruled that	Servians, when battling	with	the
were	all	the	deliberate	outcome	of i	late his victim. This is presumably	hours in Berlin, have either desire or	they become an increased burden to	a	viHage	cannot prohibit	billboards	Bulgarians, were astonished at the	ar
the explanation—if one can talk of	opportunity to indulge in spirituous	Holland. The problem of the intern-	advertising liquors.	rival of a regiment of the	latter	with
explanation—of outrages which would	liquors until after the new closing	ed Belgians and their needy women	Buffalo,	Rochester and	Pittsburgh	two men on each animal,
otherwise be incredible. The Commit- hour. Scores of reputable restaurants folk has become tragic. Among the railway is rebuilding 7,000 freight But they might have been even tee hint darkly at perverted sexual and cafes now have female employees charity organizations occupied in re- cars in Buffalo shops.	more astonished if they had met a
instinct. Cases of sodomy and of the in the place of the waiters who have lief is the Society of Friends, through	rules of the public library at band of cavalry to be found on the
rape of little children did undoubtedly	been drawn into the army, and there-	its War Victims’ Relief Committee.	Montclair, N.J., forbid	sneezing	or	island of Madagascar. These soldiers
occur on a very large scale. Some of,	fore these cafes are barred from	The principal task is to find useful	roughing into books.	go about their military operations or
the worst things have never been pub- J making their formal profitable sales, employment. There are four princi-	G. Torbert has just cashed a oxen.
The provision that the liquor must be pal camps in Holland under military cheque a* Milton, Del., that he has \ The animals are very lean creat-drunk on the premises deals a blow to	control, each caring for 5,000 refu-	cajried for 14 years.	urea, hut it is said that they move
"There is very strong reason to	a bottle trade that heretofore has as-	gees.	Prof’ Kuno ^ rand «	lectured	on	with surprising rapidity—which re-
German soldiers, “they have been so 8Uspect that young girls were carried	sumed considerable proportions, espe-	At one of the smaller camps in	Uvrman art in New I oi k without	minds one of the Camel Corps which
frequent,” Professor Morgan writes. t0 tbe trenches by licentious Gcr- oially in the less pretentious cafes and Gouda the refugees are housed in the ont e mentioning the war.	we formed during the operations in
"that it is impossible to escape the man soldiery, and there abused by saloons. Virtually the only provision green-houses on an abandoned mar- y F. Hylan, county judge at $12,500 Egypt some years ago. conviction that they have been con- hordes of savages and licentious to which there is no objection is that ket garden. “It is sad to see strong j1 >'car m Brooklyn, N.Y., was once a Among romantic foreign regiments, cloned and indeed encouraged by Ger men pe0ple in hiding in the* cellars governing sales to drunken persons. young men sleeping in the day time aV?r^.at Aray*	none is more famous than the French
man officers. As regards this matter	0f houses have all heard the voices of	President von Jagow’s suggestion	0r lounging about with no occupa-	Middleton, N.Y., has shipped	to	Foreign Legion, the most cosmopoli
I have made n most minute study of	womvn \n the hands of German sol-	ancnt restriction of distilled	tion,” said one of the visitors who re-	rl°**i(la aPPj<‘s	weighing 2<>ounces	tan corps in existence, containing
the German occupation of Bailleul.	diers crying all night long until death	Bquors included the provision that	ccntly returned from Holland. Big	cavh. and L> %	inches round.	many ruined aristocrats, alien crim-
This place was occupied by a regi-	Qr itllpor ended	their	agonies.	none should be sold after 7 p.m., and	wooden	sheds form the	“homes” of	'^hn Schmidt, chicken thief, killed inaj8 degenerate	doctors and	proment of German Hussars in October „0nc of our officers a subaltern in	that only liquor of a comparatively	families at the other	camps, and	a	rooster	and $10 hen at Akron,	ressors, and adventurous ruffians of
for a period of eight days. During the gapporg heard a woman’s shrieks	hiKh *ra(le a"d cost might be dis-	everywhere may be seen attempts to	U., and got a	year in prison.	ëvërÿnatiôh under the sun. The regi-
the whole of that period the town was in the night coming from behind the P(,nsed-	establish a sort of home atmosphere. A company at Youngstown, O., has ments are firm]y disciplined, and are
delivered over to the excesses of a	German trenches near Richebourg !	11,0 distillers and liquor dealer?	Conditions are found to be worst at i a contract for	the machinery of	an	employed on every desperate and haz-
licentious soldiery and was left in a	pAvoue when we advanced in the	breathed easier when they heard that	Amcrsfoort, where about 13,000 Bel-	araior Plant	Nagasaki, Japan.	ardous expedition. Adventures are to
state of indescribable filth.	morning and drove the Germans out, thc authorities did not favor anything gian soldiers are interned. The sev- A ^tten telegraph pole fe 1 on an be found galore by this Legion. But
“There were at least thirty cases of • , f d , yin„ naked on the so drastic, hut all their hopes vanish-jerai hundred women who succeeded in a“toat Vam,lcln'	and killed Mrs. perhaps „ne would not advise one’s
outrages on girls and young married **und *	. QJ j»the fom of a ed when the authorities finally did evading the German authorities are in : W. Baumgartel and injured others best frjend to join!
women, authenticated by sworn state- crucifix ; need not g0 on with this make public their new regulations. It dire distress. Only a very small daily !. lh(‘ American I ract .Society has, Un the far Indian frontiers we em-ments of witnesses and generally by cha ter of horrors. To the end of	is a»scrted on every side that many	dole is theirs, and no	provision U (	issued	a label	stamp poster m\itmg	p,oy Gueulent tribesmen
medical certificates of injury. It ia timc it win bp remembered, and from	cafes that do not specialize in beer—	made for their lodgings.	Some three	a11	Lo to church next Sunday 1	dars" they are called—to protect the
extremely probable that, owing to the	one	generation	to	another, in the the so-called “wine rooms”—will now.	hundred	of these women	live	in an	While picking up shingles a roll oi	Brjtish	troops at	night	against	the
as.tt= 2 rat:	u;, zs =. ""* •	~
si—...........................................................................................................................................................
aician of the town, Dr. Bels, puts the	und	wrong	they cannot understand the new or-	improvement on the barracks.	After	for failint to pn> hi> uif( alimony
number as high as sixty. At least	'	der nor the reasons for it. For months	the war	they propose to	take	these	Out-of-door devotees of Chicago	tin< tive	regiments there	also,	lake
five officers were guilty of such	Pride of Insolence.	now it has been forbidden to	serve	houses to Belgium. There are already	will get fresh air in caves, window-	the 1st Prussian Regiment of Guards,
offences, and where the officers set	“Although I have some claims to	soldiers or sailors with distilled li-	workshops for tailors, shoemakers,	les« and unheated, on the elevated	for instance. Every member is a
the example the men followed. The write as a jurist, I have here made no quors, and they say that therefore basketmakers and other trades. In ra^'a^ ....	.	VUt <‘Ven lh,‘"e art* Put
circumstances were often of a pccu-	attempt to pr<ay in aid The Hague	there is no military need for the	rules.	0ne thc old tins used in the camps arc	Thirty children in a movie show at	n the shade by the famous giant
Marly revolting character; daughters	Regulations in order to frame the	They maintain that there is a	great	averted into coffee and milk cans.	Correct ion ville, Iowa, collapsed from	.renadiers of \ ntsdam.
outraged in the presence of their	counts Gf an indictment. The Ger- '	sufficiency of liquor for army,	medi-	classes have been started in mat and	Rome sudden illness and needed doc-	All cmintncs were scoured for the
as ez	7r.	w.% rarazrr %
volver after which the two officers ranks shows that all are infected with	--------+------- furter Zeitung on the domestic prob-
js,
oPany	jPnT.	knowPoVtfamî f^UnoÎZ. Long	Much In,pr„,HI By Valuable	Gift.
filles”) in the neighborhood, adding aff° Renan warned Strauss of the	From His Majesty.	adoption of practical measures for
that they wanted to do to them	what	cmnker which was eating into thc Ger-	Rich as the Tower of London has	dealing with the economic	situation,
they had done to her.	man character. PedantH indictrinated	a|waya been in armor, it has, only re-	The consequence of this policy of de-
“The officers and soldiers usually lt» generals instilled it; the hmperor centjy> been very much improved by lay is that it is now well-nigh impos-hunted in couples, either entering the preached it. The whole people were va,uable gifU from King George V. sible to do anything to bring down the houses under pretence of seeking bil-	taught that it was a normal sUte oft Thc King was told that he possess-	prices of commodities from	their ter-
lets, or forcing the doors by	open	civilization, that lust of conquest and	^ st Windsor Castle certain pieces	rific height.
violence. Frequently the victims were lhe arrogance of race were the most very Djd armor which really form- j The influence of this state of all beaten and kicked, and invariably	precious of the virtues. On t is Dead	^ parts of Tower suits, and, he ac-	fairs, further aggravated as it is by
threatened with a loaded revolver, if	Sea fruit the German people have	cordingly gave orders that these	the intense rivalry of	interests which
they resisted. The husband or father	fed for a generation until they	ghould ^ sent to	the City, so as to	the war has caused in trade circles,
of the women and girls were usually	are	rotten to the core. i ht* I oronto	compiete the sets	there. The armor	cannot fail to produce an adverse c*f-
absent on military service ; if one was I)al,y	__^______ j is very old indeed, having belonged feet on the health of the people, who
to King Henry VIII., William Borner- are being gradually driven to a make set, the Earl of Worcester, and others, shift existence.
civilians to German orders, however The British Board of Trade figures The helmet of the latter warrior alone These rival interests, it is sadden- water at Kintradwel, north of Brora, improper, is always punished with in for a year, not including the most weighs close on twenty pounds.	ing to see, are receiving most unjus- Slither land shire, was caught again
•tant death. In several cases little	recent railway disaster, in which near-,	These additions are by far the finest	tillable support in the	Prussian Par-	fifteen	days	afterward	on	the	Abet
children heard the cries and struggles	ly 300 persons lost their lives, show	made to the Tower armories since the	|lament, and, also, ms	in thc recent	Hcenshire	coast.	The	minimum	di?
of their mother in the adjoining room,	that	on the 23,700 miles of railway in	year 1661, when the whole collection	discussions, have shown, in the Prua* tance covered by the fish was 140
to which she had been carried by •	the	United Kingdom during the year	was brought from	Greenwich, Hmmp	sian Ministry of Agriculture
,J exercise of force. No attempt covered by the report 126 passengers ton Court, and other palaces, and How can this toying with the desti- half in weight made to keep discipline, and the	ware killed while 2,440 were injured,	placed in its present	position, nies of the nation be permitted ?	i	-
r*. when appealed to for protec-	Of railway employees, 426 were kill-	Amongst some of the special	suits
«imply shrugged their shoulders., ed in this period and 6,066 injured, now to be seen is one which is attri .	. The German troops were	This is s vastly worse showing than	buted to King Charles L
. nmU and always insolent But,	ever before, a fact due perhaps to the
nte and schedules
and lust and oppression
in Berlin
Protection, Not Revenge
WHAT IS GOING ON OVER IN
THE SPATES.
The restrictions regarding the sale
The Worst Not Told
Latest Happenings In Big Republic Condensed for Busy Readers.
disturb Europe again mand an atonement—not in the spirit
Buffalo has 85,108 registered vot<
Cleveland is building a new deten- corps, ft is called the Runcorn and tion home to cost $90,000.	District Grappling Corps, and it pos-
T he ill-fated steamer Eastland will sesses a special appliance for recover be a Government naval training ship, ing thc bodies of drowned persons.
Harry K. Thaw, so his mother says, The captain is ready to turn his corp? is back at Pittsburgh permanently, lout by day or night for duty, and Ryans City, Pa., is in the throes of claims a certain allowance for suc-a real oil boom; it almost rest on a , ful work.
! bed of oil
This recalls an even more curious
i
is over
It is not usual for cavalry regiments Detroit may put time clocks in its to sit two men on one horse. The
calculated policy.
One damning brigade order reads: “To date from this day no prisoners will be made any longer. All the prisoners will be executed. The wounded, whether armed or defenceless, will he executed. Not a man will be left alive behind.
lished
Revolting Record
Story of Infamy and Wrong
As to the outrages upon women by
Chowki-
Turning to Germany, we find dis-
were
mothers, and mothers in the presence or the hearing of their little children.
are
bitten by the same craze, for when A wagon, an auto and a man on a at Tangier some years ago he
was sc
bicycle met at a railroad crossing at impressed by the stature of a Moor Chicago and Hans Marguerdt, cyclist, of colossal proportions that he engaged him on the spot for his 1st Secretary of the Treasury McAdoo Regiment of Foot Guards. German says there has been no real prosperity discipline, however, assorted ill with in the United States for the past 10 this giant son of Nature, and he half years.	killed tba bandmaster by smashing
A well-dressed man clung eight him on the head with the cymbals hours to a Chicago pier before he was which he played; and the Kaiser, real rescued by John Bain and later disap- izing that physical height can have peered.	its drawbacks, after all, had him ?hip-
The escape of a 15-year-old hoy ped hack to him native country, from Morristown, Pa., jail, revealed
was killed
The King of Siam has a very im-that he and another were illegally de- posing bodyguard of 400 high-born
ladies, the pick of his kingdom. Essentially a peace organization, one would imagine.
A curious corps of Amazons is retained by thc Kroumira, their duty being to follow their lords ti battle, and chant their weird wm
tained there

Scottish Salmon Migration
A salmon which has been recently caught, marked and returned to the
present he was first ordered away under some pretext; and disobedience of
British Railroads
Killed

stimulate the fighters
Improved Dairy Methods
miles, and it had lost one pound and a
“How shall from laid milk supplies? “Pasteurize the cow.”
met

brutal
was
4
Charles Dickens was offered a baronetcy by Queen Victoria, hut refused owing to lack of means.
The air in a room fifteen feet long,
Pluck la all right, but good luck apologises by saying: "He's just like ten feet wide, and ten feet high would I often 1
‘What do you mean by that?
it to pasture, of
Convenient Apology

If a boy ia real naughty his mothc
*

•nougb, the bonds of dia- : changes in
to wash right over their ears when rain U approaching.
< ats are sa
bis father.”
than a hundred w#* * ht
taxed were tightened e owing to the war.
adgk
n

###PAGE###4###
QinDills
THE EQUITY.
V.\L( Alt riKR.
Fall Suitings
Torpedo Sinks Dacia
Again the white tent* «listen against
the «loi lout <Imw n,	j
Again the bugles echo a cross the woodland I/.wn;
The startled fouls cease romping, the i ¦ wild life hides In « ar—
Dut my heurt la sad and lonesome for the Men of Yesteryear.
They gathered In their thousands a goodly, valiant host.
From the s hotel and of Capo Dieton from the far-flung Western Coast, From the highways and the byways, busy mart and lonely mere.
Came that band of bravo t. rusadera, came the Men of Yesteryear.
They invoke this sleepy* hollow where the searching feet of Change Had found their way hut seldom. As they gathered at I h i range They sang of Tipperary, and with hearts that knew no fear They yearned for coming battles, did the Men of Yesteryear.
They disturbed the solemn mountains with the thunder of their guns;
We heard the tramp of marching feet on every road that runs Along this beauteous valley. By the river winding clear
They laughed and learned and labored, did the Men of Yesteryear.
The tents were struck ere dawning.
Beneath a starry sky They marche J away to Old Quebec to hear their last good-bye.
The streets were tilled with khaki, and on the crowded pier Were tear-wet eyes and breaking heart. O Men of Yesteryear.
O gallant little army, the months have passed away,
And bravely have ye borne yourselves In many a cruel fray; many a gay. young comrade, who laughed and labored here.
Sleeps beneath the soil of Flanders, O Men of Yesteryear.
Algiers, Algeria, November t>, \ i t Taris I lie French steamship Yner, formerly known as the Dacia, which seized by a French cruiser last February while currying a cargo of cotton from the l nitvil States to I ivrmany, lias Ihhmi torjH'tloetl ami sunk by a German sub in trine.
The news i»t the sinking of the \ *vr was contained in an official annonce ment made public here today, vessel was sent to the Inittoin while con veying to llizerta a number of passen geiu reseiuxl from the Italian stvamei
iza-Francesca and mendier* • landed.
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 18. 1915.
Why Demanded
W.lt
1 the several German es. has Inst since the war U-gtin, well r two millions of her soldiers.
1
*'iu Pills diil fur my hudmut and me mhnt no other remedy could, 1 have advised two other iunties to use tliem, one of them beiiiK m.v mother who has been «great sufferer for upwards of 20 years, ami one box cured her, so as to enable her to sleep on her left side, something she could not do for many a year. The doctors told her they could not cure her, but could relieve her by «n operation for a floating kidney, but on account of her age they did not think it advisable for her to go. Vpou ray advice she tried t'.in Pills w hich cured her and for which she is ever ready to speak in terms of praise.'
Call and see our New Fall Goods.
I'll
Dr. Mont lie works in the late Uoblintiovvvn-t, died'Uiddotdy of apoplexy in liU rt ment* at \\ innipt'g on Saturday.
I
Overcoats for Men ...
In the Latest Belted Styles, with Shawl Collars.
mini'ter ot
• • •

MRS. THOMAS H PLKSTID Richmond, l\ O. Box 115
P. K. island
Your druggist sells ('.IN PILLS,—60c. the
All the |Kissvnger't t the vrtw have been
it
bo*.
M
Th
theial announcement telling of
National Drug & Chemical Co. ',!ie M!'ki."F ,hv..Vsvr	,,
Canada Limited. Taranto.	wSïlÜia,!^
wa.s toi*|»edoed while conveying t«« llizerta the passengers .saved from the Italian steamer Eliza-Francesca entire crew and passengers were landed
V II
Also Sweaters, Gloves and Mitts.
“Tin
The Kussi.ms, it is reputed, are la mg plans in the way ot army reorgai zation and other imputant change* w ith a view to making adequate prvvi si- i toi a fixe years’ war.
\
of
Minutes Clarendon Schools
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
Tin
I** ianl ut School Vommissionvi's met (Vtolier ffOth, 191.Y
1 ïvsciit :	Vhairman I aimer ; Vom-
mixsiunei.'s Carton, Harris Drainr and Wallace.
Minutes read and approval on motion of coins. Draper and Wallace. He fore,
however, the minute* were approved, I	H
Rev. Mr. Reid wished to know w ho was I Home, Nov. 9. -The Italian liner An responsible for the deviation of the ar- uona ha* lieen sunk by a large *uh bitrators from the resolution, which marine Hying the Austrian colors. The | But sai l they were to “locate sites for two Ancona had on Ward 42*2 passenger* schools.’. One ivport from arbitrators And sixty in the crew. Two hundred One school foi No. IS District I au,l *'venty survivors, tome "f them
wounded, have been landed at Bizurta. ° eeCFo dr"prid ef Flandcr8, red a,lar of New \ oi k, Nov. 9.— 1 he Ancona Historic field of Langemarck whereon sailed from New York for Naples on	they fought and died.
She ha,I on t-oar.i , I
dear
Than the men who lit their campfire» In this valley yesteryear.
Winston Spencer Churchill, Vhati-w!vt of the Duchy of Lancaster, has resigned from the British cabinet, and intends joining his regiment, the Queen's Own Oxford Hussars, of which he is major, and which is now in
S S. Ancona. Italian Liner
Torpedoed.
SEE
LARGE NUMBER OK lives Lost
G. A. HOWARD’S Warerooms
Ï
FOR # A f FEW # BARGAINS
Sir Sam Hughes has such strong haul
3 New Mtmro McIntosh Buggies «
1 New Mtmro McIntosh two seat Express
1	No. 4 Maxwell Churn
2	Bluebell Washers
The They have wr,t another chapter on our I	3 Connor Washers
envied scroll of fame.
They oâureproud^.'Zinn'I'"ame;wlth !	Maxwell and Connor 8 and 5 year Wringers
But	they paid a costly quittance. And	I	..	. .	.	,v .	„
we. with sigh and tear.	'	Double and	Single	Harness
we. too, must pay our reckoning, O
London, Nov. lo.-Thv «team»hi|>|	Men °r Ye.tery.ar,	2 Second Hand Square Pianos
........	b, I	r	1	1 Sero,ul H,°d °»* °»» --——
enm.	Harris,	that	the	proposed	new	house	and	pilotage	work,	has	been	troop-horse whinnies shrill;	I	3 Pail Farm	Sloops, slightly used
JP ¦	.	.	., , school site	lx-	at “ the	Rock	on the N	sunk.	Thirty-five	of	the	crew are	misa-	And	kh,akl fl*urea come and go. Their	j
l (heated by confident ml advices said E. corner of Lot :t, on lltli range.	i„g.	‘	But % t^^a^phaZüm army r* *t«s the	1 Pllir Heavy Horses, will exchange for f>air of drivers
to liave been received at the imperial The chairman not wishing to put the	;	Men of Yesteryear.	0 v ...
motion before the Wrd, tendered his	"	I And in tho ni.bt wh.n .tar. .re oat ... ,	.	,	-,	,	„	,	. .
i ,eemat,?'hear°th«"uampr 11"!s’e «ho I kinds of repairs atid accessories for Kord Cars kept in ru. .*und "of TmrchinV'heroe. with I	stock ; also Gasoline and Oil.
shining eyes sincere
w ho g^	Caplaln’ the Mcn | These goods a re all bought for cash, hence 1 can give a close deal on
any terms.
was sufficient ; a second report was handed in, signed by two of the three which located two sites.
The arbitrators having disagreed, it I October 17 ut for Berlin. It is | was moved by com. 1 )rajht, seconded Italian reservists, and n general cargo.
by com. Hams that this board do not drived at Naples on October 29 accept the report of the arbitrators, as a)l<l was due to sail from Naples for it was not according to motion of ( )cto- New \ ork today (Novendier 9). lier Kith, and that this Ward settle the Ancona was built at Belfast in 190*. sites and leave the matter for thirty I »shc had a gross touage of 8,210, was
dajs, according t<* lav (ferried*
The hoard examined the map of that put ion of the township- No. 12 1 lis-
tait h in the ultimate triumph of the lies that he looks forward to Wing al ng with the Canadian troops when the latter set
\
h"|K‘d the General's expectations will W fully realized.
Fhe New York Herald
F riday
published a reput to the cicct that General Joffrc, the French commander*
on
482 feet in length, and :>8 feet beam
in hief, has Ken placed in supreme I triet—heating sites
control of the fighting forces of the allied powers. This, the Herald states.
IS
1* <*ian consulate in New York
Majority Disappearing
The death of Senator McKay inak the twelfth vacancy in the Senate.
Then* are six vacancies in Ontario t.
W tilled owing to the death of Sii
The motion re. the sites was brought I George Boss, G. A. Cox, Donald Me-I ^ men who left Vaicnrtier
Wtore the Ward and carried.	Mill.ui, Jaffray, Gibson and Coffey. ! That wiuk amid'the ghostly tents and
Moved by com. Carson, seconded by 1 here is one vacancy in (Quebec,	hnunt the lonely glade*.
com. Draper, that we define the bound caused by the death of Sir Charles | henatnhdu Warnc/^Host* arv Wtween No. 12 and 13 School Dis- Boucher de Boucherville. This is the 1 He shall number
resignation.
Un motion of coins. Harris and Var son the Knud adjourned till after sup
IS
Hon. Mr. Mercier, of the Quebec cal •t, warns his Liberal friends to pre
per
Business i imed, same nicmtars pi, pare for elections in the near future. I sent also Vliainnan Palmer.
Uod rest
Mr. Mercier predicts Kith federal and ncial contests, and the latter is to
Mr. Mercier must ta in
Give us a call.
I
• 4
e off first
secret of knowing what course
friends at Ottawa have decided to Itrivt* ^tween Lots 12 and 13 down to|°nly vacancy in Quebec since the pn
the 10th range, where the 13th lot ta | «eut government assumed power, included in No. 12 District ; also that
the site of the present No. 12 School be I Robertson was disqualified through
Greece is to have another elect ion on I vhanged to Lot U on the 11th range.— faünre to attend for two sessions
Carried.	died subsequently.	__________________
II.	j J	, Moved by com. Harris, seconded by One vacancy in British Columbia has] When a man is in khaki it is im.
ni in great measure whether or not [com. Carson, that Mrs. Tims. Abbott ta I l^n created by the disqualification of possible for him to wear tho medals nation	enters	the	war,	and	i accepted as caretaker of No. 1 School ;	Senator W. J. Macdonald.	he has won, so a small piece of the
situation	in	the	Balkans when that	! •I*0 that the bill of John Lang for care-	,.In Manitoba the death of	Senator	j ribbon on which the medal is
taking No. 13 School, till a permanent KirchoAer caused a vacancy.	pended, and which differs in color,
iretaker was appointed (#l.lu) ta paid.	Two vacancies in Nova Scotia were	according to the decoration, Is worn
XLo. that tenders lie called for firewood j caused by the death of Senator	McKay	on the left breast above the pocket of
and the ap|K>intinent of Senator McKeen i lhe tunlc. By the colors of these as lieutenant governor.	scraps of ribbon, which are frequent-
Un motion of corns. Wallace and Iha-I Of the twelve vacancies *ix have taon	d;ay\a.civil‘
per the resignation of Chairman Palmer vu use. 1 by the removal of Conservatives j at|ong cakQ te„ What L^aka soldier was arveptvd.	.m< six ,> Li M-ra	is entitled to wear, and incidentally
Moved b> com. ( arson, seconded by 111’1 Lib« ral majorit) in the? mate is what campaigns he has been through
com. l>rai*er ta* ap- n<>w reduced to 12 or rather will	be	for every survivor of a campaign is
i.—Carried. ! when the government ap|*>ints successors,	awarded a special medal at its con-
Mowd by com. Carson, seconded by The Id tara I majority will be kripetl out elusion.
«in. Harris that Mr. Rotart Tracy K after dissolution when the new senators The Crimean veteran would wear a ip]ointed in the room and stead of Mr. t|n,h Hie Western province* are ap- ribbon with a broad, light blue stripe Thomas Palmer, resigned. -Carried. ; |ointvd.	between two narrow yellow stripes.
It was decided that the Commis- However, action may lie taken tafore 11 mit5ht be mentioned here that on I	I	"visit	the	schools of the township ! this, as if there is to be an extension	of	every medal-ribbon the stripes] ¦
Clarendon Council Minutes	follows:	Chairman	Draper and I the present parliamentary term it	is	J «ri n al. l he man who fought m the
¦ 5
'.j* • StowviHe. Present	:	M.iy.., W	•[>.„.v Hand 13.	vau»e into iwer the LiLeml nw.»fity in	placed alternately, in	the Matabelu
i. .su I , Lotiiifillors >>.	1.	1 sir tar, It.	Moved by com. Carson, seconde» 1	by I the Senate was about AO. 1 his has	campaign four orange and three blue
V Lord, Alex. Bean.	! cm. Wallace that Tims. W. Hades	ta j dwindled at the rate of about 12 each	stripes, in the Sudan a	broad yellow
Minutes of la>t meeting	read and	|api>ointcd to examine the No. 10 School year and another year might see it wi]»ed	and broad black stripe	divided by a
feme and see that all corner jmets are entirely.	narrow red stripe, and in the South
.sir*...............*....' wtus trsarsirsi	%
"Zd I s». -»«i.•**!»*»«.........................................
The former—the Queen's medal— was awarded by King Edward soon after his mother’s death in 1901, and the latter, known as the King's In 1902, to be worn In addition to the Queen’s by men completing eighteen
i Gmrn}\rJ™ Hmitb- E,hel ^iKw'îr'TbïsT.ÎÎSStu
Lean, Lillie . t. um*on.	awarded by Queen Victoria in 1898
(«rade \ 11—Lnla Letts, Mildred Mur-, to t»,e men ^ho carried out the open
«Uthgm.	allons under Lord Kitchener which
V—Willard Brown, Lu reus led to the re-conquest of the Sudan. ¦	¦	l Apart from the foregoing medals,
tirade IV— Hillis Smith, Gwendoline | there are a number of special decor-
The ribbon accompanying
G. A. HOWARD.
you among them. O Men of YeetTyemr.
By W.P.O. In The Quebec Chronicle.
In Prince Edward Island Senator
WHAT RIBBONS MEAN.
He Interpretation of the Colors
on a
Soldier's Tunic.
We Gan Do It
mtar 18, and upon it* result will
sus-

That is, supply you with the kind of STOVE, RANGE, HEATER, FURNACE that will give best satisfaction. Call and be convinced.

tvly to have an apprv ble influenve upm that remit. Tht
< «
I «ending contest has been brought required for the 14 school* of i lie tox
y the King, who.ho]*e* to secure ^bip - Carried
t l
t majority in the Chaintar of Dvputiv» i \ ' irai de to )ii> own views which, doni-
«1 by lit* Prussian wife, are opposed
iking part in the conflict on the | com. Harris, that
{minted chairman pro. teni
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
• of the entente allies, who are now king a strong effort to succor the biaii army by checking the advance he invader*.
are
Watch and Clock Repairing Dept.
i
We make a specialty of Watch Cleaning and Repairing of all
kinds.
Your work entrusted to us is certain to receive careful and intelligent treatment from expert anil skillful hands.
ted
p. m
\
i ", range 4
M. A. McKinley, Asst. Sve.-Trea*
Motion—Conns. Bartar and Bean— at chief rural inspector Kd. Dagg he itied to make division of said bound-fence, after giving interested parties legal not ice.—Carried.
School Reports


Satan's Work
No. 1 Campbell* Bay senior ROOM.

»rv
(J. S. Briet ley. in Montreal Herald.)
Fighting wide by side, in the most Titanic struggle the world ha* ever lie P-B-	^¦pjaame memlier* held, lighting with their tack* to the
present, also councillors Geo. T. I >agg wall, in the darkest hour of that strug-1 rAV
.".I Bert HodgiM.	_ I gle ; fighting for justice to ravaged | Qrade
,V . . Elliott, Joseph hl> and John R. Belgium, home of the Roman Catholic [Mt Dowell spoke briefly on the projiosed faith—France and Britain have forgot-
spçgw : 31S8ÊËESSES irSSt
for the |«'!«iiig of a b)-la« |TO re-oiwn old wound*, to pirtrnv French 11.rri — .n	the nary ; the Khedive's Star ribbon
.biting the sale and licencing of intoxi- land Kngli'h a. hereditary fw.». and to v,at i* plain blue; that of the Long Ser-ng liquors was largely atgiied by the L,f>, the English |ieo|.le in term* Ù	g rice and Good Conduct medal, which
raU'Wcr* of Clarendon, we hereby in- I which, in such a crisis, can |"forced only	,	» stv.-hpvs Teacher "U lnltltuted William IV., and la
struct our mayor to support the vote for fpiI11 thv |i,,, of a man who considers	_	’	swarded after eighteen years' aer-
îasrïï.vufe'ai as	rr,c — — assjanwags
'* ;ind.,M1 weby accepted a* it stands. of French-Canadian stock. A man who Vharle* Bennett, Maggie Brown.	6d a day on the ^nslon. is two red
t urned.	I can scoff at the sacrifices of the English, Grade II - Victor Brown, Charles and one blue stripes, while of Rob-
Motion Count. McCord and Dagg when half a million of them have a 1- Moorhead.	art a Star, which bears the words,
I hat the following	bills be	|wid	:	ready suffered on the field of war ; a	Grade 1, Hr.—Hazel	Brown and Rose	Kabul to Kandahar, 1110/* baa one
¦¦¦¦¦¦work oil roads,	#4.00	„,a„ who can gloat over what he con-	Murray, equal : Lloyd	Anderson, Oer	red, one yellow, and one blue, and	Train stopped	here	at	one	time."—
1.81 I aider* their degeneracy, when they have jMorrison, Clarence Moorhead, W il- J .wo white et ripes.	Yonkers Statesman,
in one short year thrown three millions I itam (Head*
of men into the line of battle, and when Grade I. Jr.—Asa and Eric Sturgeon,	Tke Différence.	Coming Back,
their sbiiw rode supreme on every tide : equal ; \ el ma L^tts, Linda Brown, * Johnny — father, what’s the differ- It was the beginning of their a man who can do these things at the j * ar°l Wilson, Ethel Moorhead, Pearl *oce between cannibals and other ding trip.
moment when we, hi* fellow citizens of .Moorhead, Maggie Burrows, Mary Bur folks? Father-Cannibals. my eon, eat "Dear," she inquired anxiously, "In English descent, feel that we are fight-	row*.	thalr enemies; other people generally	the excitement	of leaving did	yen say
i tig for our very existence as a people.	Number enrolled 26. Average at-	go no further than to live on Ibelr	goodby to papa	and
has lost not only his sense of justice, I tendance 81.	j&#0B#s and relatives.—8t Louis Post-
but of common decency.
Meeting adjourned for one hour Afternoon session,
Clocks and Talking Machines repaired,
regulated, and set in fine running order. Jewelery and all small wares mended, cleaned and repolished in
most workmanlike maimer.
Wilaon, Lola Anderson, Murphy Farrell
All Work Guaranteed.


H. SHADEL
Ht
*
Watchmaker and Jeweler.
Equal to the Occasion.
Id you ever try to board • train?" naked the facetious man of the boarding house lady at breakfast "Oh, year said the lady without a suggestion of s smile. "A man named
Heifer Astray

Strayed from the premises of the on » tlerwigned about the first of August, s red heifer. 1 year old. Information leading to her recovery thankfully received.
WESLEY HYNES.
Clarendon Front.
S Burlier,
D. T. Hodgina, “
Wm. Parks,
R. J. Little, Wilfred Bean, “
44

44
9.00

8.75

1.25
For Service
A pure bred Berkshire bore for service. Fee 11.50 for two ; #1.00 single.
JA8 McLARNON,
M otion —Conns. CcCoH and Dagg— That this Council do now adjourn.—
¦ arned.

r
E. T. HoDoiga,
Hec.Treaa.
"Ho," he repUed. "I said am wrote."—
Minerva D. Have*, Teacher. 1 Diana tch.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
-Tie next man WIU 04 ’’made In ce»» ui i unaua » nrsr wur loan Canada ' It is announced that the
domestic issue will not take place till Canada's war expenditure» for next after the end of the year, when the rear will be very largo About one amount and terms of the loan will be thousand dollars per mftn per annum announced. It Is going to foe In allot* la calculated as the cost of raising, meats to suit all persons And all equipping and maintaining our troops purses, and there Is to be no under* at the fi	i ui 1er arms in Can
financial situation is probably bo exceeded on account of thus one which inspires confidence the enormous expenditure of ammu-and justifies optimism. Canada Is in nil ion and the heavy strain ttpon ar
llliery and rifles. Canada’s war ex
______________________________________pendlture next year on the basis of
The financial returns of the first i force of two hundred and fifty thou-seven months of the present fiscal sand men will aggregate from two year, that Is to say until the end oi hundred to two hundred and fifty mil* October, show an Increase In receipts lion dollars. Our interest chargé In of $6,700,000 over the corresponding connection with this and past war experiod of the previous year and a re pendlture will amount to over fifteen duct Ion of nearly nine million dollars million dollars oer vear in ordinary expenditure and of two and a half million dollars on capita» account
One Way to Get Rich
is to Buy Low.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Published every Thursday
\\ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Third Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, - - First Friday, Shawville • First Saturday, Yarm - Last Saturday,
of each month.
Baby Blankets at 75 cents each. They are soft
and Hutty in finish, and may be had in pink or blue ami patterned with “ Little Bo Peep.”
Scbioiuption, $1 a Year in Advance
diT All arrears must be paid up before •uty paper is discontinued.
writing—no ground floor. The whole

good shape financially.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising. 10cents per line for 1st insertion and 6 cents per line or each bubsequeitl insertion
Business cards not exceeding one inch Inserted at $5.00per year.
Louai announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion »nd 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which wUl be given ou application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for ar. tdingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub* Ishad .free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
Women's Neckwear at 25 and 50 cents.
The smartest lot of Neckwear we have ever shown at these prices, consisting of all the newest styles and shapes in fine sheer organdies, tucked and hemstitched, high back, pleated collars ; also dainty Collar and Cuff Sets.
QUEEN MARY'S PANTRY.
CANADA WILL RAISE
250,000 SOLDIERS
OTTAWA
WINTER FAIR
A Dazzling Array of Gold and Silver
Plate at Windsor.
Among tbo famous pantries of the world Is that of Queen Mary at Windsor. This pantry comprises two rooms of no great dimensions, hut it contains treasures In the form of plate and household articles that are valued at
Government Decides to Call For
That Number
JOB PRINTING.
Ribbons are always needed. Duchesse Ribbon, 4 inches wide in white, sky pink, cardinal, navy, and black. Per yard, cents.
_	HOWICK HALL, OTTAWA
r.Wng°ToMniiundred UmuMand"'lore Many of these possess historic late* JanUafV 18, 19, 20, 21,
Canadian troops for overseas service,	For example, there is a conspicu-	*	*	•	"	™	*
bringing the total Canadian force up ous exhibit In the form of a table of	1 z’x-i c
to no less than two hundred and fifty solid silver. This is nearly a yard in thousand men. Already there has length, and its top, with an area of
dred thousand men so that the pat* 1 lc symbolic rose, thistle, harp, etc. rlotlc appeal of the Government is be- Every reign since that of Elizabeth JQHN BRIGHT Ing loyally and rapidly responded to has contributed to this table a design	9
by the people of Canada.	of some sort.
Under arms at the present time The most Imposing of all the daz- OTTAWA, ONT.
men of whom over ,llng nrrny o( plate „ the eo called
not in Franceantnd0n Engird whlto	°f _________________
the remainder are training in Canada "^Khest state, or on home guard duty.	The walls of the two rooms of this When you want the best value for your
In It To a Finish	royal pantry, the larger of which la 30d
This announcement of the Govern- by 16 feet and the smaller a square ment shows that the Cabinet has a of sixteen feet, are lined with cases of
tottSKIiï to demined. wRS	and mahogany' and ^
backing of a patriotic people, to see the war through to the finish no matter what the sacrifice. From the first the Government has shown the utmost
energy In the prosecution of the war the world has ever seen, from the standpoint of Canada. The
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
A Hearty Response
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Professional Cards.
Pure Silk Ribbons, 5j inches wide, in white, sky,
pink, navy, red and black, at 15 cents per yard.
$16,000.00 IN PRIZES.
W. 0. JADKSON
Secretary, CARP, ONT.
DR. A. H. BEERS
I
President,
SURGEON DENTIST OaW,»ki.i.h Hay -
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
40 cent values in Soaps for 25 cents. 4 large
cakes of Infants Delight Soap for 25 cents.
Quk.
. money in
MEN’S NECKTIES
SHINGLES
As for Men’s Neckties the marks left from frequent tying and untying, and the holes left by scarf pins are there for all to see. include new designs.
at $1.65 per M- and up
Also Lath», Dry Lumber, Clapboard» Fleering. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing. Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
these and similar cases occupying the center of each room are some of the
S. A. MACKAY
most extraordinary examples of art In gold, silver and precious stones that
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Our 50 cent Neckties
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 433
There are tall, graceful epergnes, opening of hostilities found Canada each of which would tax the strength unprepared for war. Canadians were a pacific people, with few trained
troops, no standing army, little equip-	>¦	.	¦	i41—,---------------------------
ment. The despatch of the first con- would be t0° heav7 nln awa? w,tb:	_	_____________
tlngent In the apace of six weeks' time dainty toilet services in gold and all HELP	PROTECT
is recognized as a remarkable military ver, candelabra, communion services,
achievement. Since then over one flagons, vases, punch bowls, wine cool- j THE DEER, hundred and fifty thousand more men ers, fountains and fonts. In silver, have been enlisted, uniformed and trained for active service against the tl\e best armies of militant Europe The equipment or the troops is In the hands of the War Purchasing Commission, an independent 1	;
headed by Hon. A. E. Kemp as chair man. This commission is uniforming and equipping the troops, better than any European troops, are outfitted as rapidly as they are recruited.
Sir Robert's Words Speaking In Toronto last December Sir Robert Borden said that he would prefer not to name the number of men
Canada would send to the front. That , . ,	.	s , ¦¦ ¦
Is still the position of the Premier ! ^rlacod with ground pegs In front of
and his Cabinet. No matter what the trenches for the purpose of tripping
sacrifice in money or men thev ajç charging troops, It Is strung across
prepared to stand by the Empire In bridges and main roads to prevent the
the tight for liberty and freedom. passage of cavalry, and it is used for
_ _	—si -
land. That was sound finance	wider	, s*and	shoulder to shoulder with Brit	tanglements are hidden in long	grass
the conditions then existing.	Those	ain and the other British Dominions	or in hedges, so that advancing	troops WP
n. BurStTwm B. ^	surHS
®orne	site direction. Canada began to pro-1 battle, not for lust of conquest, not ,, c. concealed in undergrowth Is par- STONE AND WELLINGTON
i duce more and sell more. The ex	for Breed of possessions, but for the	tlcumrly deadly where cavalry Is con-	Fonthill Nurseries »
RICH IN PROPORTION	ports of the Dominion began to ex-	CUUfle of honor, to maintain solemn	cerucd* for the wire grips the horses'	(Established 1*37» j
------ ! ceed the imports. It became possible Pledges, to uphold principles of liber hoofs, causing them to fall on the TORONTO
Making Two Blades of Grass Grow 10 borrow on this side of the ocean ] to withstand forces that would j spike strewn ground._I_
Where One Grew Before	, and Mr. White went to New York, convert the world into an armed
---	! He succeeded In borrowing $45,000.000 ramP; yea, in the very name of the
The strong financial position of the	there under exceptionally favorable	Peace that we sought at any cost save
Dominion after a year of war follow-	terms. That was before the British |	that of dishonor, we have entered
Ing upon a period of general trade and French commissioners entered into this war; and while gravely con-Embalmer and Funeral Director ! depression. Is	not the	result	of chance,	the New York money market.	sclous	of the tremendous issues In
It Is the	result	of	prudent	and	saga- I	Effect qn Exchange	volved	and of all the sacrifices that	one side of the road to the other	until
clous administration of the affairs of	lust how much was really accom-	they may entail, we do not shrink	they form a maze. A peasant with 1
the Dominion upon a well thought-out	pHshed when the Canadian loan was	from them, but with firm hearts we	time to spare can pass this barrier by
! mss#:	I
stimulated the revenue and cut down loa”. and the sale in New York of TO BE LAUNCHED SHORTLY “P®01®11? If have guns or are
the expenditure._It has carried to sterling bille, drawn against ship-,	__ mounted, must halt to destroy the en-
successful fruition a campaign for ments of Canadian wheat to Great Minister of Finance Meeting With tanglement
increased production of natural pro- Retain and Europe, have restored the	Great Encouragement	The barbed wire used for military
production. In this there has been an unfavorable to Canada, a premium of week of the present month The loan ofteo baPPens.-PUlladelpUla Press.
.	extraordinary expansion which will one half to one per cent, having to will be headed by His Royal Highness
J. v. Findlay be permanent. That means a richer be Paid on Canadian money to obtain the Duke of Connaught, who has In	The
¦ gES‘sveE&B,'SfE S-SftHa? irHvS
has Imposed upon them.	adlan loan at once ameliorated this	to participate. A few days ago he	Wae tbe flr8t verbaI transition. The
_	, Making Good	situation The proceeds of the loan	! saw the officers of the Canadian Life	name gradually rounded Itself Into daf-	Duties.—Six monthsrresidenr#i un™
Official statistics show that	the	were not brought to Canada at once	Assurance Companies In Montreal	fodilly-the form adopted by Milton in	and cultivation of the land in e«< hPof
n ait ttt AV PH	reven“® measures taken by hut were withdrawn gradually so as ind later met with the full Executive beautiful line, "Tbe daffodillies fill three years. A homesteader msy live
IVAIDW AI VU. | the Finance Minister, are producing	to stabilize the exchange and gradually	Committee of the Canadian Bankers'	tbelr cups with tears." However, be-	within nine mile of his homestead on a
nil that was expected of them.	In	reduce it Upon the transfer of the	Association at Ottawa respecting the	fore Milton wrote, the flower had come	^rm of at 'rast 86acres, on certain condi
----------------------------mmm msm
Slid Toronto Union Station -	statletlcs show also that the l°an was issued show that it accom- at the end of November in which Parkln8°n fourni more variety In the $3.00per acre	1 *
expenditure has been reduced ma- plished the following purposes:	Canada will demonstrate her ability daffodil than In any other flower, near- Duties-SIx months residence in
.1» N-.rU, Toronto	«.	Ü55&-SS	^ ZSrtSZtSZrSZZT** * «STT JÎS 2SS ?^-,S55i'5ï
Station.	previously under contract This re- States, then unfavorable to Canada, pendlture	__________ j l'n> emptlon patent may be obtained as
Leave Ottawa Central 9.3G a. m., ductlon has been effected In spite of R assisted the sterling exchange The Minister said that all specula	"uoa as homestead patent, on certain
1.13 p.m., ii.10p.ro. Arrive To- the heavy payment, which the pr* «Ration by giving Canada funds lion as to the amount of the loan or	..	' T ‘X\hn	ê .
..fesra: zsaï •æ^s&rL:...	SMSSiBitvs; æsttAsssssxer
S"1 'n",ti*co t«. wHASLTwTS...1 •JS'JrS'JSrxz M irM.b 2TL2Ï 5Æ.T	».
For further particular# apply to any White, Mlnlator of Finance. In provtd outlay of the Canadian Govern men i conspicuous success. He etstee that en* 7°u er?r feel any more such at- cultivation under certain conditions.
Can. Pae. Ry. Agent.	Ing for the war expenditure, has been also to make heavy advances la the generous offers of cooperation tacks coming on you lisd better come	w w CoRY r r
£=£=rr_- JHSBST-
Que.
of two men to lift; there are dishea in gold and silver any one of which
Arnprior, Ont.
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
We are opened to buy any quantity of Good Sound Potatoes and Clean Hand-Picked Beans.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
And other Game during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned any violation of the Game Law you be* aware of. Liberal compensation paid for convicting evidence. All correspondence strictly private and confi-dental.
wrought In designs of great beauty by the most skillful of artists.—Washington Post.
C. F. HODCINS CO
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
come
BARBED WIRE IN WAR.
y.
iTiTi
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
It Is Used In Various Ways and Is a
Deadly Defense.
Barbed wire is today as necessary a part of an army's equipment as pontoons or trenching tools. In war barbed wire is used in various ways, but its main object is man stopping. It is
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
if Visits Shawville every Saturday.
N . McCUAI C
Prov Game Warden

Bryson, January, lvl3.
v
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AGENTS WANTED
Canada AtWar
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-
—TO SELL-
196 Main St. - Hull.
McIntosh red apple trees
i
m
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Gaboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRI STER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
w*i Ml
CANADA IN EXCELLENT SHAPE FINANCIALLY
Will be in Fort Cou longe every Wed •ncsday and Shawville every Saturday,
ONTARIO.
At times certain roads that It Is desirable to have passable to townspeople hare to be rendered Impassable to an army. To accomplish this zigzag fences of barbed wire are built from
GEORGE HYNES
PATENTS
TO K S A LVI81'It, wh leh^wi ll'b©"«« nt'Tree"
MARION & MARION.
364 University St.. Montréil.
Main Street,Shawville.
Personalattention.Openall hours.
UNDERTAKING
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
HAYES * FINDLAY
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
T HE sole head of a family, or any male over 16 years old. may homestead a
?U*ar!erM*e<'Vt7 «ntllahle Dominion land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al-
lierta. Applicant must appea person at the Dominion Lands Agency or Sub-agency for the District Entry by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub-agency) on certain conditions.	*
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
W. J HAYES.
In
CANADIAN

New Train Service
far-sighted. to a degree which le only now becoming apparent to moat Can
K. J. HEBERT
1st Aut, Gtsl. F gr Agent.
Montreal. Que.
sdlans. During the first
I
A
###PAGE###6###


jHEEEHïE ' E:5,
s S3*«£gæ
Youl! understand presently,” said the path that fonda to hell. Oh, mv
he Vicar in a quiet voice. "Come dear, I know it's hard to confess herv and sit «lown."
t

;


Rich Yet Delicate Clean and Full of Aroma.


H
&
s
iM


. Spread the Bread

* •
&


1



1
with 'Crown Brand* Corn Syrup and the chih’-en’s craving for sweets will be completely satisfied.
Bread and 'Crown Brand* form a perfectly balanced food—rich in the elements that go to build up sturdy, healthy children.
I
now
i, , , . ..	and your uncle is so terribly angry
Ja< k obeyed silently; the room was —of course, he's right, for it's a deadbeginning o heave and sway, and he ly sin. But he'll forgive you in time was glad to sit still for a moment, -I know he will. And Jack, I’ll do whatever was going to happen next, my best to stand between you and lie did not think of resenting the blow him,—I will indeed,—if voii’ll only or the words which had followed it; confess.
I *	- a,L?*c™ld P®rt f’^ the night- Ho listened gravely till the piteous,
mare. I he Vicar leaned on the table, confused appeal was finished; then shadmg Ins eyes with one hand, he drew his hand a wav, standing W hen he spoke there was a stony very straight and still. He was tall helplessness about his voice which for his age, and his eyes were nearly I ruulc Ins words sound in the hoy's on a level with her*	J
ears like a death sentence.	! “Aunt Sarah, I think you had bet-
* I may as well tell you at once how ter let me alone. It’s n deadly sin, many of your secrets have come out. of course. Is it true that my mother W’e know all about the gambling, was a harlot ?”
ami the circulation of this sort of She drew hack with a little cry of
filth, and the practices that have horror. “Jack!”	.	,
| been going on in the cave by Trv- “Uncle snvs so. It's a word in the hlr A* He Sinclair Pays Tribute to The War vanna Head, and the seducing of Mat- Bible. And if she was, I can’t help it,	Canadian Troops
thevv Koscoe’s daughter. She has can I? And anyhow, what’s the use T ..	,
abomination; an hour ago I should nothing to do with these abomina- present on the staff with th«.	ÎT’ •	, g to an examination of
have believed it impossible at your turns.	i dian Division t , (m“na‘ U>-minute impromtu essays written by
age; but it seems I have much to The Vicar took up the photographs donald	n n * 6n* ,W’.Ma,c* 3081 srho01 children at the instance of
learn.	and put them into his desk.	| “ Sinclair D.D., formerly Arch- Dr. C. W. Kimmins, of Southwark. The
He paused. Jack was looking “Go away,” he repeated sternly. ac( n London, now rector of war lord was constantly referred to
'	«ETfSi	**
S:ss	,„„ht	^ i .*» ..w.
j fallen into a world of spectres at cross him by the arm, “Josiah,—for God’s “We hud n	, I girls reached the pitch of warlike feel-
purposes, a hollow, ghostly world, sake—remember, he’s a child.”	ina« ... v ‘ , urn ,n the trenches ing at the age of 10 and the boys at 11
where he, and his uncle, and every The Vicar turned on her with an- " „ 1	’ anU c*npct to in m^in years. From the age of 11 onward the
one wandered through fantastic evo- other burst of rage.	ny day now. The men (Canadians, pupils began to show anxiety on such
hit ions, like dancing shadows in a ‘ A fmld! A child who can teach P,)’Aw?re 8P|end»d, keen, intelligent,1 questions as the cost of food and the : “re l,.t voom’ vo,d "f fulm «"<1 f- wit.!? ^ey hair, things that *duca‘«d. .tough and disciplined with Dardanelles operations, connecting
""""",hr ISiliüi iiliill	iM-SlMII
had slipped entirely out of his mind;	; ?.nd ,l1he,r Maternent impli-	 -	| is lacking m the qualities which in- from Mons made little
evidently some dreadful news had III m/T fil!' h’^î1' lrom thv, kll EBOAT MADE OF PAPER. | sP,re such discipline he must he got the children
«¦¦e*ee
*i ess* ¦usas
aSSIks
—	he said at last.	‘ ’ ug v! ™uld 1>e to any one. Then, prisoner, was permitted to leave Huh- *' aymg Just that way the other day.”
gmammemms
”“SSST“ ÜEpi pHEÜI SSS
mm ¦! nisi
**b™
20,, !n a. " l * a*?d POnt the hoy stagger- She broke off to dry her c*ve« with MOTHER Z* backward : with m violent blow in her handkerchief.	Hokus—Why do you lik. »i
away and sat down with a bitter lit hand gently.
tie laugh	“Listen, my dear; Pm not wi„# .nH ,W?en a ^oe" around boaating
I congratulate vou, my boy; you’re clever, like your uncle, but I menu °* numher of men who have made
1	ts«.*ai5 £? s z? • - -i



3
f
&
*
*
r
&
sa
Edwardsburg
‘Crown Brand’Corn Syrup


4

B109
is blended from selected hill-grown teas, famed for their fine flavoury
qualities. Imitated yet never equalled»


is so economical and so good, that it is little wonder that millions of pounds arc eaten every year in the homes of Canada.
'Crown Brand -the children’s favorite —is equally gtx><l lor all cooking purposes and candy making.
i

1


GENERAL ANI) MEN SPLENDID
LORD KITCHENER
I.ILY II HI Tl
hi to Corn Sym£%
r.v a f^urt
not so pronounced in flavor as t own Bran
J on may prefer it.
a

ffWARDSBI^
<tSV.
1
Lord in a Favorite of Eng HhH School Children..


1

I
ASK YOUR GROCER -IN 2. 6. 10 AND 20 LB. TINS
The Canada Starch Co. Limited, Montreal
Manufacturer* of the famous Edwurdsburg Brand*
>1


1
%

I
g#
LT


umnm'âi mmmmmmamm
9B*
Wml#
11
II
was
The Vicar’s Nephew ;
or The Orphan’s Vindication
II
table, and he took it up listlessly; one had better he doing lessons, dull and unprofitable as they were, than brooding in idleness over a secret dread. He looked through the index; hits of Cicero, hits of Horace, hits of Tacitus all duller one than another. At last he opened the hook at random. and came upon the story of Lu-
impression on
“The main dis-
A Warning
oppor-
i

Here-s
Why

PRESIDENT
SUSPENDER
up
i
NONE-SO-EASY
MADE IN CANADA
WE P AY
HIGHEST
PRICES
FOR RAW
FREE

tel!* how and where to tiep
.	,	'Why, Johnnie, IB'llfM
didn t you just promise me that you f n„„. T„ .	*»«» c«u>t
would not auk for a second plate T" |	^ fitStilt"*
% r SfcJti Z-M	l 101111 h«KM u»,iStitiSg

“Please, mamma, can I have some more icc cream?”
%
• •


War upon Pain !
FOR
Pain is a visitor to every home and usually it comes quite unexpectedly. But you are prepared for every emergency if you keep a small bottle of Sloan’s Liniment handy. It is the greatest pain kilter ever discovered.
Simply laid on the skin-no robbing required—It drives the pain away instantly. It ie really wonderful
INDIGESTION


i
I

SLOAN'S
UNIMENT

&
Sloan’s
Liniment
KJ LIS FUN
+
The R*a##m
#4
/>
4
par
,/T
SEIGEL’S
Rheumati
Sprain Sore Muse

«
SYRUP.

E
«to AT

###PAGE###7###
PAIN IN THE BACK
Embroidered Holeros Pretty and
Smart.
. The	and winter styles are,
I Usually ('omen from Muscular W',h°ut question, a credit to their
originators. Every woman wants to n	dress with refinement and style; and
1 ° n°l worry about a pain in the to keep up-to-date inexpensively in |*HCk# The worry will do you more these days of rapid changes, it is urm than the pains. The cause of almost necessary to do all one’s own most backaches is muscular rheuma- dressmaking. This is not difficult ti.sm, which is painful enough, but not wben a good pattern is used. For infatal. Lumbago is a form of muscu- «tance, the illustration here shown, lar rheumatism, so is a stiff neck. Ladies’ Home Journal Pattern No. oufferers from any form of rheuma- ‘J089, is a fine example of up-to-date-tJsm should keep their general health npM and smartness. This dress will up to the highest standard by the use be particularly welcome because of of a blood-building tonic like Dr. Wil- the ease and accuracy with which it liams Pink Pills, while taking good, cfln be made and adorned nourishing food, without too meat

UftSj Joint and Muscle Pains
Banished by Nerviline
WOMEN'S NATIONAL ANTHEM



Dear Editor,—While in London recently Ï came in touch with a little incident, which I think will interest ! you.

We pay highest net cash prices
Rheumatism.
m
b

7
*
ji • not what the pnceliat fwosris**, I but the money you actually get the 11 makn your profit. We have luilll
I attended, one day, at noon,
IT C URES RHEUMATISM.

!
a recruiting meeting in front of the Mansion House
/I
Thousands of people, chuck full of
people^ tLtVN?rviîine,,>r,huéacîire(Jg!lf and wo""'n	th,‘ recruiting
thfir pain», all tell the name wonder-	0	whom had ‘‘done
ful story of its power to drive out the ^u,,r bit9 at the front, aches and tortures of rheumatism and j A lady, with a magnificent voice, kindred ills	sang patriotic songs, which perhaps
My goodness, but Nerviline is a were more effective than the speeches
prSKW/? %	..- ——
known family residing at Mount Pleasant. “Last month I was socrip-plcd up with sciatica and muscular rheumatism as to be almost unable to do a bit of housework. My joints were so stiff and the muscles so frightfully sore that I even cried at times with the pain. For years we have used Nerviline in our family and I just got busy with this wonderful, good old liniment. Lots of rubbing with Nerviline soon relieved my misery and I was in a real short time about my work as usual.”
No matter where the ache is, no
matter how distressing the pain you As she sang, every man stood, uncan rub it away with Nerviline. For covered, and with bowed head, and
handy and you’ll be saved lots of us ^	Womens National
trouble and have smaller doctor bills. Anthem,” for surely it is the prayer Small trial size 25c. at dealers every- of every loyal British woman.	I
wh< M‘-	I After the* meeting, I went up to
the singer, handed her my card, and asked her for the words she had just , sung. When <h<- saw that I was from hat H*" Advised a Lady to Do Get Montreal, she said, “Oh, I sang in
Montreal, and I will be glad to send the words to the women of Canada.”
She wrote them on the back of the blue envelope which contained passport.
^rotal
SMTÇAKE5
up a large bit ai ihippere through Voting them fairly. We ire unusually liberal in the
A great crowd of men
EM/%vn
i>11 If1 S# ¦
ff/H «
I
We

/
k M pricel iet and iprciaJ otfcr.
Ir Ginseng and Weereik. 1er-
r «£- s“' tiVLV.1
Um,W stales and ean therrfofe m y m nigitfK prices. Wrilefor pnee l»L
11 DAVID BLUSTEÎN A BRO.
a fasUti <#rowing A'#1W AW //usM
<n A/ew >ur4
Z 163 W. 27Ü. $1., New Yorfc. N. T.
til
At the
meeting, it was annooned that after Hinging “The King,” the lady would sing “The Woman’s National Anthem.”
Then, in splendid voice, she

The blue
bird pattern, No. 14444, is delightful
Proper nutrition and
RECOMMENDED BY
GOOD GROCERS FOR OVER 40 YEARS
— pure blood are the best means of fighting
i hvuniatism. Rheumatism comes from
an acid in the blood, build it up,
strengthen the system, and drive out
the poisonous acid that causes rheumatism
I
sang
I .v.. our spli I men, Bend th< m saf home God save our men.
Keep them victorious,
Patient and chivalrous,
They are so dear to us God save our men.”
I
ROYAL
YEAST
CAKES
FREE TO GIRLS
again;

In this way sufferers have found complete recovery as is shown by the following case:	Mrs. Samuel
Childerhouse, Orillia. Ont., says:— “About three years ago I was greatly afflicted with a severe pain in the back, which I thought at first due to kidney trouble. I tried bcr of remedies, but they did not help any, in fact, the pain was growing worse, and got so bad that I was quite unable to do my housework not even sweep a floor vised to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and I am glad I acted upon the advice, for ¦before I had been taking the Pills long the pain began to subside, and under the continued use disappeared entirely, and I have not been bothered with it in any way. My husband was also cured of p severe attack of indigestion by this same medicine, so that we both have much reason to be grateful for it.”
You can get Dr. Williams' Pink Pills from any medicine dealer or by mail at GO cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
I
f uml
z
1
WMfi
was a num-

f



We will give thin beautiful prize free of all charge to any girl or young lady who will sell 40 sets of our handsoine Xmas cards and Xinas tags and seals at 10 rents a package.
The Extension Hrarelet is of rolled gold plate, and fits any arm.
Send us your name and we will send you the cards. When sold send us the money and we will send you the bracelet. Address
mo
Hi
1
T
I could I was ad-
fw
i
|2^0ffro CANASti
*
QUAKER WIT
;
HOMER-WARREN CO
MADE IN CANADA
E.W.C1LLETTCQLTD.
Dept. 208,
Toronto, Ont
since
Warm
TORONTO. ONT
^ ¦.......
” KmiSü
..... —	aaarsSt
T,	, .	.	. u 8CaSloped sleeveless bolero falls wjlh w (.	• f, n , *,	. *	1 Relf by chance in a carriage with a fore the back-ache can be cured.	-
There used to be a certain stern over a deep girdle, while the three- , . ,	' Ga, . th, I)ukv hiu .,ntr?' I very fine lady attired in the low- Your best remedy, and the quickest f MlnartVe Liniment Cure. Garget in Cows
old colonel stationed at Aldershot who piece skirt is completed by a tunic ,. d important reforms, resulting in j necked, short-sleeved muslin dress to act, is Dr. Hamilton’s Pills; they was a great stickler for all the of- gathered at the waistline, and may be th* ra,*ln.K of heavier crops and pro- then in the height of fashion adorn- o“re ,kidney back ache in a hurry, hcera being acquainted with the | finished with or without the scalloped nau"ced >">P™vement in the quality cd by a profusion of jewels and trin l'mply wonderful la the action of
a-.ked him, was once put sublimely Patterns, 15 cents each, can be pur- ! 8”etp hav<‘ l,e‘‘n substituted for the to get warm?”	strength and good spirits. Being
HEm	- ESI a- ; ' K
recruits, “what is this man’s name, Toronto, Ontario.	| grown in tin flower beds.	|	_*	_
und where does he come from?”
“His name’s Brown, sir, and he is a native of Derbyshire,” remarked the calm captain,
WINNIPEG
MONTREAL
my

0089
GIVEN AWAY
*>»»
I
the Colonel
The Memory Cult
Well
for instance,” said the supposing you want to repoet, Bobby
¦L	eye a
picture of a policeman in flames.
Don’t Stir It.	Sox el Atomizer Size of Watch. j	said the bri
A GENTLE LAXATIVE	I BRITAIN’S GREAT RESOURCES. I ' foT	Sake Don’t s. ¦ A .rece?t novelty is a P°cket atom- “But how is one to know thatVdoet
take up all the liquid.
teacher,
*
*—
?»*


PILES.
You will find relief in Zam Buk ! It eases the burning, stinging pain, stops bleeding and brings ease. Perseverance, with Zanu Buk, means cure. Why not prove
UliS 7 l>ruggista and Stores.-'
a m Buk
A
“Faix, yis, yer honor; and troth it’s a grand place intoirely, so it is!” the reply.
The colonel fell hark, very much ,,...	,	i — - ----------» —- —
astonished, and Captain Dash had to	Marlborough .Helping to with calmness and preparing to
Bee him later on in private.	Solve the Food Problem.	|	"
long time. It is evident, also, that the British citizen is willing to pay whatever taxes the Government may levy. I A 'round-the-world electrical He is reading the budget estimates ! neer tells this story, says G. T. Had
pay by i" World Outlook:
the new taxes as the price of success. I “We ran up to Bagdad to put
mwm
On March 17, 1913, the Duke sent *	°f îhetnew loan boated in j mosquitoes, and we had to plan to it was found that the single tuber had
America is undoubted.	give him relief
Mosquitoes
fr----
was
VERY SUCCESSFUL FARMER
engt
MlnarcVe Liniment Cures Distemper
I %
l‘EN
i>£> I, . .	,,	a	l,,l{ MAICItKLLElJ AP-
267 Potatoes h rom One.	*	In Curlot*. « junte priées, naming
Having a markable number of cars <.r apj	uik “h/w l'.vjf.n
over
Krumpton
?
TURN OVER TIME
WE9HK& «IHa*
commonly served in hotels and res- cottages.	,eaa Corn Extractor. Sold «very develop about one-fourth horsepower, most satisfactory results and to-day I
habit^ wer^not^ling in "giving1 me ' scheme^orkjd^^lr!d%'%orkIIg	~ +_ ! witJ* a (,ynamo’ wired tie W" j	YoUr8	^
pound,.	j himself, had dreamed it would.	. ......	. .	,- *"lew through the room, a narcotic
"There wa, little relish in any food I A little more than half a year after A Hh,‘* An,mel	Aiwa,. He- -ufflciently powerful to cause the mo,-
and none of it seemed to do me any he had written his letter to Winston	lected (o Lead Mule-Train.	qmtoes to fal in a coma. All that re-
= i2=5:-—-
much I had eaten.	Thi, ground produced it, second bility and a clear-sounding btU and
"Then I commenced , trial of harvest this year. The barley and all mule, destined to serve his Maies Grape-Nuts food, and was surprised oats are not quite equal in bulk to ty are trained to follow him A white how a small saucer of It would carry the crop of last year, but they bear ! animal is nearly always selected me along, strong and with satisfied about the same proportion to those for some reason or other mules fnl appetite, until the next meal, with no that preceded them that the present low this color most faithfully sensations of hunger, weakness or dis- harvest in general does to that of p.ek-mules become very much at-
r™sft£.‘tsasresr"
now for several month» ami my im- The Duke of Marlborough» enter- backward» If he is not lending provement ha, been so great all the prise in restoring to cultivation a land this reason the death of the bell-horse others in my family have taken up that had been under grass for many is a great calamity the use of Grape-Nuts with complete years has aroused interest and ap- Qn one occasion in one of our In satisfaction and much improvement in proval throughout the British Isles, dian frontier »>n uv. i „ a
,	fc . „ k ch,efiy because be is pointing the swers. .he VKoTe mulMrsi^m, U .
"Most people eat hurriedly have way to modification, m farming that standstill owing to the death of the lots of worry, thus hindering diges- have good chances of helping to solve bell-horse | lion, and therefore need a food that ia the problem of the home productions predigeated and concentrated In nour- of breadstuff» and of increasing the Ishment "	nation’s security from Its own re-
sources, a matter of vital importance to Britain.	!
NX hen Nature Hints About the Food
When there’s no relish to food and | an	letter to Winston Churchill
all that one eats doesn’t
application to Wilson Publishing Company, 73 West Adelaide St.. Toronto.
i ami "	11	vv »? iiiaiuii vnurcnw,
to do then Home Secretary, condemning
in weight
seem
MISCELLANEOUS
1ANCKR, TUMORS, LUM PS. ETC. Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Writs um before too late Ur. Heilman Medical Co.. Limited. Colllngwood. Ont.
(

ÊfTRAPPERS
Fur9 Have Advanced
hiptoRoirere. We give liberal grades.
full value in cash and ouiek returns. We
have beet market in America for Pure. Hides, etc.
MATTHEW x BA INKS
mark.
Hiram Johnson
LIMITE 0
The Old No. 494 St. Paul St. MONTREAL.
Established over 38 years as
Military Mema
To the victors belong the spoiled towns and villages.
Are the Russian army costs charged to running expenses?
Speaking of soldiers, a body of ,n burglars should make a crack

+
Waiters at one well-known London restaurant are being instructed 'i the French language at the expense of their employers.
Raw Fur Dealers
corps.
And a corps of stokers should be able to advance under a hot fire.
- Why do soldiers need blankets when they can cover themselves with glory on the field?
as
No inflated price list from us.
Send us your Furs and get the highest market price.
i
'7
iimn
or
Klnarde Liniment Cures Diphtheria
At Target Practice.
A new recruit was out for target practice, and his target seemed the only point in the landscape quite safe
fn.m. hi, bullet* "Great Scott! my	SftoS S KflS,“ „.
man, said an officer, hurrying up to <sn	to pay you better prices than
him "where are your .hot. going ?"
I don t know, sir, replied the new manufacturer# tn ,he world
A trial shipment le all rove this fact.
For
t
RAW FURS
AH Quant/tiea


Nor would anything in duce the animals to move till one of the officers substituted another white horse in the dead one’s place. On ing, as they thought, the old favorite
,	.	,	,	., , in hi* place once more, all the mules
The Ouk, allowed cona,dcr.b e fore- moved forward to greet him, and only
rtght in the working ont of hi. plan. Vy driving the fraudulent bell-home 1
The land he converted into cereal pro- forward quicker than the mule, could 1
duving fnrmi i* light. The turf It follow, was the deception kept up
I
#
recruit, confidentially; “but they all
left her, all right!"	WRITE TO-DAY SURE
Don’t bê too keenly critical. The for Price List, Tags, Market Reports h£T.Ï£cetÏ* * tUrnin* When ,0U	MAX Wn « s<‘H.N
we a»k l#
There’s s Reason "
Name given by Canadian Postum Co., Windsor, Ont.
23 THE ?
?
fall ef S
York City
El). 7.
ISSUE 44-—*1$.
e -new loai
###PAGE###8###
AND GRANITE WORKS
SRAWVILLE
The New Music Store
The Shawville Boot anil Shoe Store
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
Everything up-to-date in Music
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments over placed before the public of this district, Prices arc such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult mo before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
Pianos, Organs
and Victrolas
11
i;
RUBBERS
Come in and try over our SHEET MUSIC.
All the latest kept in stock and everything
VICTROLA RECORDS.
11
11

new in
1Î
11
11 11 11 11 R H
11
11
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Rubbers Rubbers
RALLY E. HORNER.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
CHINA'S FIRST LOCOMOTIVE.
CAUTION
We are selling them all at last season’s prices, despite the advance in prices, owing to the war.
We buy the best procurable and sell at the lowest prices possible.
found taking gravel on r«u«l opposite Workman's gravel pit, \x ill l»e prevented by the Murncip-ipalitv ot the Township nt C larendon.
K. T. IIOIXIINS,
Sev.-Trvas.
I'VISOlK
Wily Old Li Hung Chang's Rebuke That Was Linked With a Wink.
Tln-ru ts a curious story concerning the tlrst locomotive ever seen In China. Li Hung Chung was given permission to construct a railway from tho sea to his mines upon tho condition that steam power should not he used, and for several mouths the ears were hauled by mules.
Then Mr. Kinder and some oT tho foreign machinists secretly constructed it locomotive out of such material ax they could Hud In China. It was a rude affair, and It was never able to make more than five or six miles an hour, but it was a great advantage over the mule teams, for it could haul seven or eight cars of coal nt that speed, where it took four mules to haul one.
Hut when the mandarins at Pekin learned that foreign devils were using
\n avi.livation will !*• nm.lv. l.y tit.- ! » fil'e Mtlng monster on U.e railway
i Pontiac, .i' they Immediately made a tremendous
fuss about it and called id Hung
allouant
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Firewood Wanted
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Tender* for the supply of Firewood -good, sound, dry pine, hardwood : gtMwl I kmly Uvch, black bin h and maple will 1 m* received lip to g o'clock of Dec. 4tli, for the fourtivn schools of the township <>f ClarendonJ
M. A McKINLRY,
R H II 11 11 11 It 11 K
11
II
You are always sure of a SQUARE DEAL R
here.
II
11
Asst. SvivTmut
• i
Custom Sawing.
n
November 3rd, 1 !* 1 •*»
NOTICE
P. E. SMILEY.
Council of the Comity the next session of the Provincial Logis lut lire, for the passing of a I purls we of « h . ¦ _ . f rthwith, the chief cession» place of the l’omit v < t Pontiac, from The old gentleman took it very cool-I hyson to V impbells Pay, in said ly and pretended not to know anything
County ; and that, m	t shall U about it. but he afterward restored
ked in said Kill, that a* soon as the himself In favor by Issuing nn order County Council « t Pontiac will haw relinking Mr. Kinder and his associates complied with the condition- required for their presumption and forbidding by law for the establishment and main them to introduce any more new fan-tenu nee of a liv-Mry < Utice at Camp gled foreign notions into China. Short-Mi' Kay, the Lieutenant Governor in ly after lie secretly patted tliem on the Council, 'hall haw the ]tower, by pro back and raised their pay.
the Registry t Mice | The excitement quieted down and
was soon forgotten. Then Mr. Kinder got up steam in bis clumsy old engine again and was allowed to run It without Interference. Later a couple of regularly made locomotives were Imported from Europe and have since been hauling the coal trains on that road.
p.ill for the Chang to account for violating his con-
iii-
For Sale
Pi
< hr 1st mas
X nice Kr«>w niv i
V><
(
>ne aged Shropshire Rain in l.niiih \\ Inch xvv \\ ill sell at Rotli me good t vpy fellow'.
LLI.ARI) llOIK* I NS,
Elxihuh'T Farm, Port age du Fort.
We -
ill
Vt
Knlak,
•» ranging t » Xtitographiv Kodak-
T I • N
s
nui
HS
4 I
I IV'

ugun.
m the market.
ing Brownie Autographic at
uir friends ti t Album will In.1

4 i
\
s*

1
v«
snaps
t >i
in
PUBLIC NOTICE
H. 1
sure m years to come
'
1 .*
••MADE IN CANADA19

¦ la mat t from Bryson to Cali’pUdln Bay.
D. B. BARKY,
Attorney for Petitioner. VampWUs Bay, 19th < ivtol»vr, 1HI.V
Mud
« I t
Province of Quebec.
Municipality of Leslie.
Public Notice K hereby given that at a meeting ol the school commissioners of ill dressmaking this muni inalitv held on the ninth daj ilV the Si liti«of of the month of October. 11*11 ; was reMull. »n *a It I solved that anv person not living in the .i.uii liai i | township of I.v'lie, who xvishes to use
the cemetery, near No. 1 school, must a pul y to the chairman or Secy-Treat.
! Given at Otter Lake thU ht day of November. 191Ô.
Ford Touring Car
Price $530
A Short Course in Dressmaking
A special cours will be given Household Science, I I College, from January 3rd to March 17th. lMti. This is a new course and one which has not beeil given .before, However, there have been many requests made for such a coarse that the School, hoping t . fill a long felt want, has decide*^
to * ffer it this year.
The greater pfirtoFihc time will b.- det I to dressmaking, but To the Editor of The Eqv along " ith this will be given classes in laundry, with imticuhir attention to dry cleaning and renovating :	textiles also will be
taught, emphasizing the need for •arefill buying of materials and clothing. One period a week will be devoted to home decoration, with some attention to color and design in dress.
In addition to this each student
i
THE MARKETS.
You’ll get farther—with less expense -by *’ kicking in the dutch ” than by “ pushing on the lines/* The Ford will triple your horse delivery service and increase your profits. Give the economical Ford a chance to cut down your coat of doing business.
The Runabout is now tfltiO ; the Town Car $780; f. o. b. Foul, Ontario. All cars completely equipped, including electric headlights. Equipment does not include speedometer. Get particulars from
Sh A WVI1 LE
THOMAS Qf AILE,
Secy-Tme$.
ELECTRIC SPARKING.
SO
/lour p11 barn 1 fC.tO Wheat, pei bushel, elfthdarri — Oats,per bushel,
Butter tubs, prints and rolls 25c Potatoes pei bag. 65c.
Kgz* per dozen 38c. rk per 100 It
Chickens per lb, 14 to IKc.
fl to 11

%
Light on a Puzzle That Has Worried
Many Car Owners.
It Is a sad and common experience to men in motorboats, automobiles, etc., to find that something is wrong with the spark. Often it Is the case that when the spark plug Is taken out and tested in nir It shows up all right, and will ignite gasoline poured a round it, but wheu put back Into position It will not work. This Is n puzzle to n great many people today.
The reason lies in the simple fact that the spark, when It takes place In the cylinder, has to spark in compress od gas. and when In the nir It doesn't It is a well known scientific fact that the pressure of the gas determines how far a spark will jump under a given voltage. If the spark jumped a quarter lut h lu the open air and was placed lu n vessel with most of the nir pumped out. it would jump several inches; and, on the other baud, if placed in compressed air it would not jump more than a fraction of the quarter inch. Of course the tbiug to do in the circumstances Is to get new batteries, and If so situated that that Is impossible the two little terminals of the spark plug should be pushed closer together. Then the spark will pass lu the compressed gas inskle the cylinder.
If explosion does not take place then the spark is probably so small that It is wholly immersed either in air or in the gasoline vapor, nnd to have an explosion It must be immersed in a mixture of the two. The carburetor should then be tinkered with. The probabilities are that a part of the time explosions will take place and will be sufficient to keep up a forward motion nt reduced speed.—Chicago Herald.
The Women’s National Anthem

it » :
Dear Sir,—While in London recently I vame in touch with a little incident, which l think will interest you.
1 attended, one day at noon, a recruiting meeting in front of the Mansion Hon*e. A great crowd of men and women listened to the ieernitmg sergeants all of whom had "done their hit" at the front.
A lady, w it h a magnificent voice, ill have the privilege of electing Nmg patriotic songs, which p«t-one of the following -object- : hap- were more effective than the Looking, dairying, poultry, or speeches of the recruiting arienne gardening.	géants. At the close of the meet-
The course aims to give the jug, it wa* announced that after student a thorough training in singing 'The King' she would sing these subjects, which later may be *God Save the King.1 used a- a means of earning an in- Then in splendid voice -he sang :
?me. It will not only teach how “The Woman’s National Anthem.*1 t • make » dress, but, by t he atudy of textiles, will train the student to buy intelligently, and so make the most of the money at her disposal. A study of color and design will give an idea how to choose colors and patterns suitable to the individual, and tints teach the art of good dressing.
In offering this course the School hopes to meet ami satisfy the demands of those who are de-irons f having a better idea of dressmaking. and with a special teacher in charge of the work, promises a very enjoyable as well as beneficial term. A limited number will l>e taken in the class, so those who decide to take the should send in their applications at as early a date as possible.
To the daughters of farmers of the Province of Quebec the is free ; to others the regular fees will be in order. For particulars in regard to the course, etc., apply to The Registrar, Macdonald College, P. Q.
r ?
o <C0

Fowl Ducks Geese Turkeys Hides per WO 11 -. 13.00 Pelts 75 to 1.00 each
it
C. A. HOWARD - DEALER
10
• #
t
13 to 10
Shawville. Que.
4e
Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 75 to 1.00 Veal Skins, each H0c

Thef Allowing ire last Saturdays quot' allons :
Butter, in prints .10cto31c Butter in pails 2h to 30c Eggs, fresh, per iozen 35 to Dc Potatoes per hag, $1.25 Pork per 100 lbs $10 00 to 12 50 Beef, per 16011»-. t
Oats per bushel 45c
Hay per ton 1 <00 to 21.00
Yes, we are After You !
God save our su! end id men Send them Mafe home again God save mu men ;
Keep them victorious, Patient and chivalrous, They are so dear to us God save our men.
4 •
0 hUU
U I ff
We want your trade, and we hope to eventually get you.
We are not going to throw you any bait of any sort,, but we expect to land you by using you right and giving you a square deal ; full value for your money, and only HIGHEST QUALITY GOODS at lower prices than our competitors.
Our stock is complete in every line. We have a wonderful range of Men’s and Women’s Furs, bought right, and which we will sell lower than wholesale prices.
Have you seen our Men’s Coon Coats from #35.00 up T They are dandies, full skins, well made and good full sizes: All new stock (as wo do not carry over any furs if prices will at all sell them). Drop in and look them over.
Men’s, Boys’, Ladies’ and Misses Cloth Coats in abundance, at all prices. Sweaters, Underwear, Hosiery, Mitt \
Heavy Outside Clothing of all sorts, at prices
that will astonish you, for they are so low.
Be sure and give us a call soon. We assure you it will
be worth your while.
As she 'ling, every mon statnl, uncovered and with bowed head, and there were not tunny dry eyes.
I think it would be a good thing if the women of Vnimda would learn thi- as “The British Women*» National Anthem*' for siirelv it is the player of every loyal British woman.
After the meeting 1 went up to the singer, handed lier my card, and n-ked her for t he words she bad just snug. When she saw that I was from Montreal she said. Oh. I sang in Montreal, and 1 will be glad to send the words to the women of Canada.
She wrote them on the back of the blue envelope, which contain-
I my pi--! - ¦!T.
Very truly yours.
Could Have Been Worse.
Of course Adam bad a hard time; but it might have • been worse if be had lost two ribs and got twin results.

Lopsided Flight.
Aid (riding furiously up)-Geneml, the enemy has captured our left wing, i What shall we do? General-Fly with the other.—Boston Transcript
course
• s
Shear the sheep, but don't flay them. -Spanish Proverb
course
Literary Inspiration.
The Clock Wei All Right.	:	It Is enough to stun and scare any-
A man went lato a clock store and ( body to bave a hot thought come crash-Lauded out the pendulum of a clock, lag Into his brain and plowing up those which he wished to leave for repairs. ’ parallel ruts where the wo«on trains of clookman asked him why he common ideas were Jogging along In didn't bring the whole clock.	^elr regular sequence of association.
s i.r«œ“rf ïïu s 'tssi	; EHEEHEi
centipedes running down the spine, ihfii a sudden flush and n beating in the vessels of tbe bead, then a long _ 'i and the poem la written.—Holmes.
.M
The
CAUTION
Death of Former Shawville
Resident
« <
All
1
ply.
huntin
tra|

I hr death o curre ier 3<i. at the ham
lav

s
i I>*t X
I • 1 ^

f I
g liter, | dlow-Sll.tMIHwll

n the (ith r I within the
-
L„
of
(
It
To,
ion limit<«
nt
13Î* Brow ing a in
f

rp
< »
-d
Kidney, in lier With year.
She was born at (Jon I tourne, lived at Shawville, where her hustond dieil 24 ago, and at Ottawa. She removed
go with her «laugh w hom she resided
She was a mendier of since he's been running 1LH-Boltlmore
American.
s,i






Easily Seen.
"I don’t believe that Jack's new automobile has been any pleasure to him "
“Why do yon think thntr
“Well, he hasn't been arrested once
4 1
2
JA8. L. >HAW
and Gloves.
Shawville, Nov. 1, 1015.
Sad Camels.
It Is a well established fact that even young camels never play. They are born sad. and thereafter their life Is one protest against being made to work, although work has been their portion since the lie ginning of tbe memory of man. How largely they have been domesticated from the earliest times we know from tbe statement that Job possessed 0,000 camel».-Loo-dvu Opinion.	A	_ j
years to Toronto 13 yea
ter and family, with
lhinforth avenue Methodist church.
Two daughters Mrs. Agnes Powell,
Mrs. E. O. Keeler, Buffalo, n. Charles of Ottawa, *ur-
!	1 Him
Annual Meeting
The Clarendon Dair>* Co r«. will li"l*I in the factory Hall on Saturday. Nov 20th, at
otark*
I '

Cause of the Effect,
The table groaned.
It was no wonder.
For tbe food upon It was not only ml | heavy, but Indigestive as well.—Philadelphia Ledger, _	__________
f T«»r«.nt

clock, p. m. J>
11 meet one hour earlier at 12, a. m \ 1 |gtfOM and shareholders are re
and out
nil#*



ARCHIE DOVER
a 1
y
An
vive.



died at Kbume, B. <\, April 12, lPl*
i remains were tory, T irouto.
The <1
nt

M IIS. L A. KMART.
at Nt
ft way ( *
Com. 1
fikxvTi
1
33
