###PAGE###1###
O
#1.00 A YKAIi IN ADVANCE.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, ; QUE., THURSDAY, AUGUST 19,1915.
No. 0, 33tm Yeah
?

56#
J*S
TEE HARDWARE STORE
Tf]e Merchants Bant^ of Canada
The Bank of Ottawa
!
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4,000,000 4,978,289 60,000,000
Established 1864
OFFICERS S
Sir H. Montagu Allan . .. K. W. Blackwell .......E. F. ilLHliEN
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Capital Paid Up •	•
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
The Goods that are now much wanted :
#7,000,000
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits .. 7,"J45,140

Board ol Directors s
JOHN B. FRASER,
Vice-President
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
SIR HENRY N. BATE, DAVID MACLARBN, RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY SIR HENRY K. EGAN
..	86,190,400
Total Assets ..
• #
209 Branches and Agencies in Canada.
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upwards drawn Interest at best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
SIR HENRY K. EGAN.' WM» GEORGE H. PBRLEY.
GEORGE BURN. Ge=„f.	AMVGenefll Maoeger.
W. DüTHIE, Chief Inspector.	__
VINEGAR,
PICKLING SPICES,
FRUIT JARS.
We ^ave the right goods at right prices.
W. F. DRUM
Fort Coulonge Branch • B V. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch - R LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
“Business as Usual”
has rçade tt\e attendance at the Z1G0WLINC /TT'//
HENRY’S
Remember the dates of Shaw ville Fair, September 8th, Oth and 10th, 1015.
Mr. Thos Morrison laments the loss of a fine new whip which was taken out of his rig in the Methodist church shed some days ago and replaced by one that would hardly In? considered as a decent apology. Tom won id like to know who is chargeable with the crime.
Rev. I. St row bridge, incumbent of Otter Lake, left for Montreal Friday afternoon, to take the |>astoval work for a couple of weeks of the Rev. Mr. Fee. who is holidaying at Otter Lake with his wife and children, and who is attending to Rev. Mr. Strowhridge's minister*! duties during the latter s absence.
On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Cameras from 81.00 up. Eastman films and supplies orders promptly attended to.
H. Imikon, King St.
Jver Received—A consignment of Fence Wire from Canada . F. W. Co. Your order solicited. J. L. ilodging.
Quite a large number of former Slmwvilleites now residing in Ottawa, attended last Thursday’s big celebration.
ty Parties indebted to this office for job printing of any kind, or transient advertisements, are requested to settle the amounts at once.
On Friday evening, August 20, a song service and supper will he held in the cha;iel at Murrells in aid of the Sunday School. JL_ mission—freewill ottering. Come, everyone, and enjoy a good evening.
Miss Ballantyne. of Beech Grove, who purposes teaching a class in Pianoforte, will be at the Manse, Shawville, Thursday 2ttth August, after arrival of morning train, and wPl be pleased to meet any who may wish to enter the class. M iss Ballantyne is well qualified for her work.
r
.Mail
Ottawa, Ont.
Since January. 1913, more Than 235 students h ive come to us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superority f
Our instruction being individual, you may begin at any time.
OTTAWA,ONT

the l test in the history. Why not take advantage of the dull times and prepare for the wave of prosperity that is bound to sweep over the Great Country when the war is over i
Write for Free Catalogue.
II. G. W. Bra ith wait Prin,
J. H. SHAW.
«
r.ti
LU
I). E. HENRY. President. Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
W. E. Go w lino Brin.
on
W. A. HODGINS
W ANTE D—Bandsmen for 77th Overseas Battalion. Apply stating instrument to Lieut. J. M. Brown, 76 McLaren Street, Ottawa. P. S.—Instruments famished l>y regiment.
Ilf	BUSINESS	¦¦
W ILLIS GOLLEG F
¦ ¦	CIVIL SERVICE *
The School of Efficiency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
SHAWVILLE
Ad-
The outlook for the safe harvesting of the bumper crop with which the Ottawa Valley has been blessed this year, has become rather gloomy because of the adverse weather conditions during the I last ten days. It is said much of the crop has been damaged by the almost continuous rainfall. A good spell of dry, breezy weather would fit in admirably just now.
Homemakers
The Sim ville ¦¦¦I*
Club will hold their fortnightly knitting meeting at the home of Mrs. Jas Hudgins, on Thursday evening of this week.
If you want a picture of the Academy and pupils secure one now while the
An 8x10 picture for 50c.
II. IMISON.
1
price is low
« <
Make your k<nlak story autographic. Date and title every negative at time of
87.00 up. H. Imison, King St
the grand stand and buildings, which fortunately are roomy enough to accommodate a large crowd. •
The lodges which formed the procession with representatives of some that were not present in a body, were : —
Births
Autographic kodaks from
Celebrating the Relief of Derry
Aug. Special Reductions.
At Yarm on August 11th, to Mi and Mrs. Nathan Dagg, a son.
The gathering at Shawville last Thursday, assembled to celebrate this historic event, was the first of its kind, so far as can be ascertained, to be held in this place, and, both from a spectacular view-|M>int and also in respect of attendance, was one of the most successful on record. Unfortunately, however, the pleasures of the day were marred by an almost continuous downpour during the entire afternoon — when things were in readiness for carrying out the program of races provided by the local committee, as well as the list of field sports arranged by the committee at the Ottawa end.
Despite the unfavorable conditions the program was proceeded with and carried out pretty fully, only such items being cancelled as could not be undertaken owing to the slippery condition of the ground.	,	,	. ,
Long before the arrival of the s|>ecial train (in two sections) bearing the Ottawa visitors, a large crowd of people, including Orange Lodges from the surrounding country, had found their way into town, and occupied the time in such manner as they felt disused till the approach of the Ottawa contingent was announced. Then many accompanied the local O. Y. B’a to the station when the latter marched to that point to receive and extend a welcome to their prospective guests for the day. The first section of the train had on board nearly all the brethren expected, and when these detrained, a procession was at once formed, and the boys in regalia, led by their res|*ctive bands, marched to the exhibition grounds, where all arrangements for the day’s outing were by this time well in hand, the local Britons having forked most assiduously to that end. Along the line of march, imposing arrhes had sprung into existence as if by magic, and numerous strings of bunting and flags were suspended over the roadway. Citizens along the route had also imbibed the decorative spirit, and adorned their premises in artistic style with flags, etc.
About two oclock in the afternoon, when dinner had been partaken of, and under what might be termed an exaggerated Scotch mist, which readily found an affinity in the sea of white shirts, the brethren of the several lodges lined up on the grounds and marc hing out through the ga* paraded around the princ ipal | of the village, and return, entering the grounds the line shortly disperse*!, and everyone sought the convenient shelter of
WANTED.—A girl to do general house work. Apply to Mbs. J. K. King, Shaw ville.
Personal
CLOTHING
Mr. Allen Plunkett, Aylmer, *1>ent the week-end at Green Lake.
Miss Lillian Hod gins returned home from Ottawa oil Saturday.
Miss May Findlay of Elmside visited Mrs. Ariuen Hudgins last week.
Mrs. John Beamish, Renfrew, has been visiting friends here and vicinity.
linker, P. A. B. P. No. 53, Ottawa Turner, O.	Y. B. “	33,	u
Metcalf,	44	“	260,	Metcalf
Msckay,	14	44	302,	Ottawa
Pioneer,	44	44	304,	Shawville
L. O. L NO. 27, Shawville
' Radford 34, Knox's 65, Charted s
LOST — Somewhere between PeU*r Little's farm and Hodgins’ brick vard, a black suit coat. Finder will much oblige by leaving at The Equity Office.
FOR SALE—Two purebred Ayrshire hull calves—choice animals. Apply to James Armstrong, Green Lake.
We have 21 Suits - Boys & Young Men
Size 33, 34, 35.
$8.50 to $13.50.
FOR SALE—1 12 H. P. Waterloo Steam Engine in good running order. Terms reasonable. Will take some young cattle In pait payment, and would like to sell I before August 15th. Jas. C. Glenn, Bristol, Que.
B. P ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
L O. L. “	304,	Beachburg
11	44	1361,	Leslie
11	44	137 2,	Stark h Corners
44	44	1516,	Ladysmith.
227
Mrs. (Dr.) K lock and son Bobbie have been spending a few days in town.
Miss Hilda Thomson, of BriflH is visiting her sister Mrs. P. EJ Smiley at Green Lake.
Mr. Arthur Shaw spent tin-week-end with friends at Fort Coulonge.
Mr. Robt W. Smiley, of Prince
àK&ïlSfwife aÏÏÏÏm haVing Ç0NCRBTECULVERTS PIPESAND arrived some week» previously Contc"^n*aJ” with Munklwlltie. ,»
Miss Ida Major, stenographer manufacture Pipes in their own localities for Mr. R. W. Hodgins, spent the | H. T. M< Dowell & Son. Shawville. Que i
;*ast week holidaying with Mon-	—
treal friends.
Mrs. S. L. O'Harn and Misslrene number present up to 3»
Paul of the P. O. staff, left last brief service at the house of mourn-
week to visit friends in the ing and also the final rites at the
Monday.	latter the student in charge of the
Dr. Robert Armstrong, and m|gHjon for the past two years, sister, Miss Lizzie, of 1 atterson. H|1(| tjie apiritual adviser of the N. J., are visiting relatives and deceased during his long, )>ainftil old acquaintances in this section. R|Uj distressing illness. In the
J?-^gS£Z'x£2S2 srattH aSB,%»
V5MS «ïïJÜt	Z
if-sss&sî.’ïf ‘"«kv «MrJLtst
Lawrence.	Previous to his being attacked by
the malignant disease which mark-At Rest.—The funeral of the ed him as its victim, he was a late Thomas Smiley of Waltham- vigorous type of Canadian man-
SHmSSFJs Eiÿâ-H'i=,
ssnLVsas	iresLîfsB."*.» .....
Smiley was a highly esteemed several years previously Mr.
Sfe5B9ESS MffjÇPSSÇ
lie rents of the Order, with a few position of track foi email on the visiting Masons, brought the railway for many years.	*
SI *M,
The sports committee had erected a pavilion to gratify the desires of those who wished to engage in the “busy mazes of the festive dance,” but as this structure was not exactly w aterproof, theTerpsi-eorean exercises were cairied on in the central space of the main building, whilst the surrounding flour space was packed to capacity.
The trotting events, as usual, attracted a large crowd, and the initial spins promised that the card would be an exciting one, but the continuous downpour, had a bad effect on the track, making it soft and consequently heavy, hence the horses were considerably handicapped.
The athletic events were confined to foot races entirely, and of these quite n number were run off in short order, the participants being chiefly city people, who seemed oblivious to the adverse conditions, for which many were rather scantily prepared. Handsome prizes, denated by Ottawa merchants, were awarded to the winners.
FOR SALE—Single buggy-practically new. Rubber tires, electric light# ; « first-class stylish rig; cost $130.—will take 8110. Also set single harness Apply to J. H. Shaw.
About 100 Suits - Men’s
Size 36 to 42.
$9.00 to $16.00.
For this month we are giving a straight reduction of $2.00 on
above prices.
When you consider that our clothing is priced right (not marked away up so as to give a big cut). You can see the value of this A real saving of two dollars for you,
The
Tbottinu Races
Free-for-All—Puree $45 ; 1st $20 ; 2nd $16 ; 3rd $10.
Sir Ki*mar (W. Hharja?)
Darkey Direct (R. Scott) 1	1	1
Beaekburg John 44	"	3 3	2
x Sir Klsmar withdrawn.
Named Race- Puree $30 ; let $13 ; tod $10 3rd $6.
Katz, (J. E. Dolan)
Shawville Billy, (J. Hamilton) 3	2
Little Dan (W. Sharpe)	2 x
x Little Dan withdrawn.
Local Race -Puree $85 ; let, $18; 2nd, $ 3rd $5.
Knight (L Hynes)
Billy, (K J. Hamilton)
Tymie (J. L Hodgins)
¦alter— Dr. O’Hara. ' J ¦
Judge* - O. D Sullivan, A. IL 8mi
/ 1
2 2 x
1 1
W. A. HODGINS
1 1

2 8
pert
3 3
He


###PAGE###2###
with closed eyes, while Dunraven sat opposite watching her anxiously.
They had told her nothing as yet of ------ ------- „„ _____________________
her father’s sudden repentance, and into those gleaming, murderous eyes, that, after all, it was to him she owed watching the motions of the clutching her freedom now from the presence of Angers. She could almost feel the the Jew; neither did they tell her that touch of them upon her throat, almost the officers had taken both men back feel the heat of the scorching breath to the station and that they were then upon her cheek, and yet Muriel took in separate cells, Valworth apparently no step toward her, made no move to
i. approach her.
“You shall pay for this!” she hiss- “In sack
She wondered afterward how she had ever possessed the temerity to utter such words, looking, as she did,
Perfect Tea US*

*3
mo


is the Sugar for Jams and Jelli
ha
ppier than he had been for months
Neither did thev tell her of the ter-1 x ou snail puv r< rible find of the fisherman in the net ed. “In sack cloth and ashes, you that morning.	shall pay! You. the daughter of a
She asked no questions, quite con- drunkard, picked up in a prison, and tent with knowing herself safe once pamperod as was never the daughter more, and permitted Mrs. DunravenV of a millionaire! Because my sister's maid to put her guietly to bed. She husband was a married man, y<n seemed to have forgotten her other thought you would inveigle my bro-
MÜ'A ZSKZV? SS 8X it Btr	EiS Tea I, the acme ol perfection, being nil pure,
| Dunraven wrote to you,	which dcUciOUtt tfftr
It was not until a servant came sent his wife to her death, is in my 1 with her breakfast the following possession, found in the pocket of her
morning that she awakened, exhaust- wrap, all stained with sea-water, and ,	.	. „ ,	.	,,
ed as she had been by all the lament- if you refuse to obey	my will,	the	'	,	, Robert Cecil, who is mar
able experiences through which she world shall know the	truth. I	will	*° Cady Eleanor Lambton, sister or
had passed. Then she took her hath, publish it.”	I the present Earl of Durham, and of Deficiencies of the Past Should Be
dressed herself, and ate her breakfast “You would never dare!”	Admiral of the Fleet Sir I led worth	Insnlration fnr th» Fut»,»
quietly.	(To be continued.)	Meux, has four brothers, who are all _ ^	°* *UtUre’
It dawned upon her then as rather	-*- of them clever men and have made Thc minds of most men arc centred
extraordinary that none of the family	LORD ROBERT	CECIL.	their mark, each of them in his own at the present	time,on the	problems
had been to inquire for her-they who	- particular way The eldest is, 0f I connected	with	the	devastating
EsEESHH;	u“ " M KMS1ÏÏ5 PF
of the room occupied by Lloyd Og- Of all the members of the new co- Privy Seal and Minister of Commerce Lanada as an ^portant part of the
^ thank 5	ititiSrt ïsrs ««4	-t
he'wm zvz#	,he	" ¦—*—¦	srTJSr :	r,
The sound of the voice startled her.L# state and	is rerinin	ni	craft of the Cecils much in the same public health and of the efficiency of
jiüif
e<1 to her like molten lead, yet she had I. ",	citement he will move his hands vio- value of this on the battlefield has
not the power to shake it off.	I	s I lently up and down as if he were us- been seen in recent months
Ailsa stood there staring at her, in- I	^	I	ing some huge hammer and his voice workshops and factories.physical and
Dragging the Jew after him, the hear the words that it would articu- I /	¦	I	mor that he may possess takes the ln purifying our water supplies, in
other officer entered the room.	late.	I .	' *	. #	I form of satire and sarcasm. He is makmg city life healthier and cleaner,
Still Ailsa lay upon the bed, her “Have you heard the new s about my I	W I not good looking, has his father's re- and in educating our workmen, ia now
msm iEWEiSElli $ Wsmmmm -
at an end. I have come to save my Simonson a vicious shake. “That too sensitive to bear the mental bur- I *	*	I and ungainly gestures, presents a , conservation of life than we have
daughter, the one upon whom you girl7 She don't belong to either of den that has fallen upon the rest of	' r~~ '	I personality not easy to forget.	done- B,d housing and sanitary
made me he. It was the utterance of you! She's a lady. I'll stake my „s?"	. f	f	*	ditlons have contributed to the loss of
that foul lie that has brought me to head on it, without ever looking into She paused, her face cold and sneer-	Â	I	_*_ tens of thousands of young lives ln
but it has brought back the wander- Still holding Simonson, he shook gasped Ailsa. “What is the news of,	The Germans are great potato pro- mor^ regard to public health require-.
mv f i «'most destroyed conscience him again savagely, and looked into —her? I have not heard.”	/	ducers. Some years ago they discov	, lt, ,
bel,e.ved ,wa^ (15ad- I— „ the ugly face. It was working with “She is dead!” announced Muriel, I1 ered that 80 per cent of the potato	H,althler conditions of life in oui
mmàmwm	to mwm
observed that the voice suddenly hush- the officer could divine his intention, neath the roof, insulting his dead wife many years	controlled	the	foreign evaporating them. Since that time ”Y	.	. 88 flnff IhC?"
ed, and the old whimpering look came he had leaped toward him again, a by your presence.”-	destinies of	Great» Britain	as	Secre- the output of potatoes has increased	,	at	,	, "nt will have to be
Tf klTLir!	OU	n' "“ï* yt? un- f,an(i had «truck the blow. It ia peo-	A Free Trader.	Martin, of the County of Galway. In eo that our town, may produce
sêv.ss 3sEsSS3« E™™:
the tomb, by a large majority. We're He turned suddenly, attracted by commitment of the unforgivable sin 80n8 **obert and Hugh have followed Victoria was one of the principal sup- Life, onto the whole game—he’s given it, the noise in the adjoining room, and It is women like you who should stand in his foot8teP8 in this respect. In- porters of the Royal Society for the dead away—and the only hope for you walked quickly to the door, the blood before the judgment seat of man to dee<L Lord Robert has been regard- Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and is to throw up your hands as grace- still pouring from his hand. He flung answer for their crimes, and not ed as the leader of the free trade ele- it was she who gave the society its fully as possib!6. Where’s the lady?” open the door, and called out:	leave it alone to the vengeance of ment of the Unionist party.	I name.
“She isn t here, stammered Simon- Why, halloo. Jed! What in thun- God. You—you, Ailsa Valworth are' son, his guttural voice more guttural der brings you here?”	the murderess of my sister!”
than ever.	“I've come in search of a young But with one shake of her lithe
“OlV yes, she is, my peach!” assert- lady, answered the detective, the young shoulder Ailsa had wrenched ed the policeman, laughing into the man addressed as Jed. “What are herself free of the heavy hand
watmm
isiii*
Z£S2ati.TBi6 a; „>"¦ cy» sxss J^%5=rte»* -
mwÆmwËmm
înCk,a51V r k t5?iar* ? wrench	- you knew it. You racorni ted the
gt'TCJ: I	lrH,PT™ ss^steEïïuï
wtient Witt roe. bet you e»n ' It wes late in the afUrneon before with which you had ruined her body ighty easy thi.t I know how to Ail* wn taken to the hotel again af- and soul. You made him tell you
---— • I gueee 111 look ter a moat eventful abeenre of lew that he would love you,
specimen while you ex-, than a eingle day. She had recovered your own mind that spoke through hie p>ee, Sam, tf you can dig somewhat from the Influence of the fine. It was self-love that was utter-
o K."	! drug, but still could not walk without ed. not the love of man I
ies.
When you pay for good fruit, and spend a lot of time over It, you naturally want to be sun that your jellies and preserves will turn out Just right You can be, If you use
'X Su8‘r-
Absolutely pure, and always the same, REDPATH Sugar has for sixty years proved most dependable for preserving, canning and Jelly-making.
it Is Just as easy to get the best—and well worth while. So tell your grocer It must be REDPATH Sugar, ln one of the packages originated for REDPATH—
B 1»
Black, Mixed or Green.
PUBLIC HEALTH AND THE WAR.


2 and 5 lb. Sealed Cartons.
10,20,50 and 100 lb. Cloth Bags.

T

war
n
\
Sweeten It”
CANADA SUGAR REFINING A COh UMITED, MONTREAL. X
142
den


!


I


j
20 lbs.)
1
II
II
Woman Against Woman
The
or A Terrible Accusation.
In our
:i
u
adjoining room. A long cry announced his “find."
CHAPTER XXIX.—(ContM)
He stepped back quickly, and would have closed the door, but already Valworth's hand was upon it, and with a strength of which he would

con-
Val
suc-
Before the introduction of
soap.
clothes were cleaned by being trodden upon In water.
z
£

V,.

§
i
«7*
FOR YOUR NEXT BATCH OF PRESERVES
Lx
/

Tba slightest Impurity (organic matter) In the Sugar will •tart fermentation In the Jam, and preserves which
veil cooked and carefully bottled, become acid and uneatable after a few months.
Z

* $ 7: la w*eact turn
99 99 per
Cthe
after t
II
In St
to
to 31k
but it wee
this
ine this
to
request had been
addressed e# Sam
«'Cl
ia the
ssia
the
to
had
###PAGE###3###
*
A Monorail Ride.
Buttlnsky, who heard softie travelling men talking about the monorail, adopted his usual tactics.
“I rode on one of those once," he piped in.
“Rode on what?"
“A single rail."
“Ill bet you did," replied one of the drummers; "and I'll also bet there was a man carrying each end of the rail."
1
POWER FROM VOLCANOES.
OLD DISEASE MYSTERY.
Keep children well
DURING HOT WEATHER
o^xxv w
1ST
m
Italians Are Using Steam From Craters to Generate Energy.
British Officer Finds Cause of 4,000
Year Scourge.
DODDS 'p
kidney!
A PILLS Jj.
###
Every mother knows how fatal the hot summer months are to small children. Cholera infantum, diarrhoea, dysentry and stomach troubles are rife at this time and often a precious little life is lost after only a few hours illness. The mother who keeps Baby's Own Tablets in the house feels safe. The occasional use of the Tablets prevents stomach and bowel troubles, or if troubles come suddenly— as it generally does—the Tablets will bring the baby safely through. They are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.# Brockville, Ont
Italy's newest product is electric from volcanic steam. Not
Lieut.-Col. *Lelper, of the London
School of Tropical Medicine, has Just ' energy	,	Æ „ 1A .
returned from Egypt, where he had far from the little city of V olterra, in
been investigating bilharziosis,, and Tuscany, is a region of volcanic hot has communicated an important dis- springs that for a century have been
source of boric arid, and that addition supply heat for drying the crystals and for the power needed in preparing the material for market. Borings of 80 or 40 feet are said to yield an unfailing supply of steam at pressures up to more than three atmospheres, and of temperatures up to more than 700 degrees Fahrenheit. The steam has been wastefully used in small engines of an old, noncondensing type, but in recent experiments the heat of the spring account of the impurities contained—is made to generate steam from fresh water, and this is employed in low-pressure turbines for driving electric generators. The large area to be served with electric energy from the earth's own heat,'if present expectations are realized, will include the neighboring cities of Vol-terra, Siena, and Leghorn.

Z
/
!
f
True.

covery respecting this disease to the Royal Society of Medicine.
The disease, which has been a scourge to the Nile delta for thousands of years, has been discovered to have been the cause of death in mummies dating back to 2,000 B.C.
In his report Col. Lei per cited a village where 90 per cent, of the children are infected. It has long been known that the disease was transmitted by water, but the lift and history of the parasite have remained un-establlshed.
It has been discovered that the disease is started in a worm which lives in the human body. The eggs of this The role played by the telephone worm pass from the body into can-wires in the war, to say nothing of als and pools, where they enter mol-the barbed variety that protects near- luss and there undergo certain evolu-ly 800 miles of battle front, is prodig- tions. They emerge from the moliuss V)us. With aircraft the telephone in a form enabling them to enter the wire has largely replaced reconnoiting human body through the skin. In this parties and vedettes. There is scar- way the disease is commonly contractée^ a skirmish, battle or artillery at- ed while bathing and washing, tack in which the wire doesn’t parti- Col Leiper contends that the dis-cipate, sometimes in co-operation ease can be exterminated by filling the with aeroplanes, sometimes without. pools during the dry season.
. Every corps of the French army has a certain number of motorcar telephone shops, each equipped with two complete installations with four miles of wire and an adequate number . ground stakes and forked pickets that may be stuck in the bayonet socket of & rifle, serving as a temporary pole.
2ach of these outfits has also its wireless equipment, with antennaes to reach a height of 60 feet, and a dyna-connected with the motor of the tar to set up* the wireless outfit and put it in operation. The enemy’s irtillery is constantly on the watch for these motoring wfjemen, and occasionally gets them.
. Projectors and aircraft ordered from Y pres by wireless played a great role In the first battle of Ypres. The airmen were able to ascertain just what troops the Germans were bringing up, while the projectors arrived in time to discover the Prussian Guards attempting a surprise attack, and to enable the British to cut them up.
Rubble—It's easy to make friends# but hard to keep them.
Stubble—Oh, I don't know.
I've
got a number of friends who are per* fectly willing to let me keep them.
il.I'
Providing.
New Mistress—Now, Lena, are you a good cook?
Lena—I think so, ma'am—if you don't help me.	*
i
* i •
3 THE?
In the Middle Ages sovereigns used to be worth twenty-two shillings.
THE LINEMAN IN THE TROPICS.
The Animals of East Africa Have No Respect for the Wires.
THE 'PHONE IN WAR.
on
mml


The Hfe of a telegraph or telephone 1 Hneman In the tropics Is not easy, for a service that uses overhead wires Is subject to constant damage both from wild animale and from wild men. The animal culprits are of all sizes, from elephants and giraffes down to white ante and spiders. The giraffes of East Africa, when they find their progress checked by a telegraph line, do not know enough to draw back or "duck” their heads, but push on and carry the wires with them, and sometimes the poles, too. Teak le the only wood that certain kinds of ants respect, so lnetru-
There is no hope of getting rid of !	have to be made of that or
disfiguring skin blemishes until the °£ metf*l
blood is purged of every trace of un- P*™ Instrumenta, and spiders attach clean matter	their webB to lhe P°rcel*ln insulators.
Wonderful "résulté follow the use of When the webs become coated with
dew, the insulation is for the time he-
Scarcely a Battle in Which Wire Does
Not Participate.
?
!
n

V

$55=
“Overatern” V Bottom Motor fioat
/

r
m

Chroqic Skin Disorders Now Overcome Quickly
Railway Station in -, Beam 8 Ft. 9 In., ANY MOTOR FITS.
Freight Prepaid to any Ontario. Length 15 Ft Depth 1 Ft. 6 In. __
Specification No. 2B giving engine prices on request Get our quotations On__“The Penetang Line" Commercial and Pleasure launches, Row
boats and Canoes.
•I
Bees make nests In tele-
Instant
Corns
Relief
Paint on Putnam's Corn Extractor tonight, and corn# feel better In the morning. Magical the y “P u t n a m* sf eases the pain, destroys the roots, kills a corn for all time. No pain. Cure guaranteed. Get a 26<x bottle of •Putnam's" Extractor to-day.
1 THE C1DLEY BOAT CO, LIMITED, PENETANG, CAN.
Drop
Quickly indeed the blood is brought'A",!*™ “ egg hatches, the young to normal strength, is filled with nu-1 "P'der spins a single web, which the
trition, is given power to drive out of, w,lnd «*rriea	th« «•“***. Velto
the system the humors that cause ! ? *«bs sometimes stretch from pole
ssasrwwsa! ySSaTsKi
In the region round Victoria Nyanza, the natives tear do^wn the wire to use for personal adornment the many annoyances that are Inseparable from an overhead system In the tropics, the wireless system has superseded It In many places.
Out
DON'T LET LICE EAT UP YOUR EGGS !
A few vagrant lice will multiply so rapidly that they will soon have the chickens and chicken-house alive with them. Lice suck all the nourishment out of a hen's body—thus, prevent hens from laying—destroy the little chicks—breed disease and ruin the flocks.
no
Uton's Pills to-day; they go to work at
Mild,
fr-
once and give prompt results, efficient, safe for men and women or children. Get a 25c. box to-day from any dealer.
I
Culture.
"My brother is going away to study culture," said the boastful boy.
"Agri-culture on a farm, I suppose," remarked the giggly girl.
Because of
Î


International Louse Killer 3
II kill# lie# on ehlekene, (mm, tarfcvrys. Mills flea# on dogs; kills Uuks os ) sheep ; and Is absolutely harmless to fv* Is sji«I animal*.	/
BULLET WOUNDS INFECTED.
“Clean" Punctures Unknown to Man
_ n l ...	Who Treated 10,000 Cases.
Montreal, May 29th, *09.	.	,	.
Minard’s Liniment Co., Limited.	Clean wounds apparently do not ex-
Yarmouth, N.S.	1st, said Dr. H. S. Souttar, late sur-
Gentlemen,—I beg to let you know geon-in-chief of the Belgian field hos-that I have used MINARD’S LINI- pital, in a lecture before the Royal MENT for some time, and I find it Society of Medicine in London. Much the best I have ever used for the hag been Litton about the clean joints and muscles.
Yours very truly,
THOMAS J. HOGAN.
.The Champion Clog and Pedestal Dancer of Canada.
i ;
HIVE TOU 1 BID SURE?

J
r
of dlesatlBfaction. Keep your fhtokens eslthy with 1VTERKAT10K AL LOUS*
If so, remember these facts—Zam Buk Is by far the most widely used balm In Canada! Why has it become so popular? Because It heals sores, cures skin diseases, and does what If claimed for It Why not let It heal your sore?
Remember that Zam Buk Is alto gather different to the ordinary olnt ments. Most of these consist of animal fata. Zam Buk contains no trace of any animal fat, or any mineral matter. It Is absolutely herbal.
Remember that Zam Buk Is at the same time healing, soothing, and antiseptic. Kills poison Instantly, and all harmful germa. It is suitable alike for recent injuries and diseases, and for chronic sores, ulcers, etc. Test flow different and superior Zam Buk really Is. All druggists and stores at 60c. box. Use also Zam-Buk Soap. Relieves sunburn and prevents freckl Best for baby's bath. 25c. tablet

$
I
INTERNATIONAL POULTRY GUIDE
FREE
ORIENTAL MENDACITY.
Out Poultry Oslds Is s nasi handy little you want to know about feeding poultry. It gives 1# required In foods to Make Chtokens Grow and Information on TLKKKYS and DUCKS Tails atom
telling you s valuable
many of the tbl
wound left by the modern bullet, but the doctor never met one in his experience in Flanders, and a colleague who had treated 10,000 wounds in the present campaign confirmed this opinion. Every wound is infected, although not all the organisms produce disease.
Doctor Souttar found it was a mistaken idea a wounded man could apply his first idea dressing properly. It required clean hands and non-interference with the actual wound. His instructions around the wound should be disinfected with iodine, carbolic, or even soap and water, but the wound should not be touched. External appearances of wounds are often deceptive. Back of a small puncture in the skin may be a cavity as large as a fist, perhaps with a piece of shell or a bullet at the bottom.
Information on whs!
lay. Also gi
A Little Tiring Like the Truth Is of No Account in Egypt
all
f<* your ropy white you are thinking about Ik
Better send
WRITE DEPT. A
If Orientals have one fault more than another it is a disregard for truth. Yi the early days of the English occupation of India, the English Judges were astounded at the conflicting stories told by witnesses, and they learned to set them all down as
International Stock Food Cl., limited, Toronto
Going the Limit.
"What foolish things a young fellow will do when he is in love."
"Yes; some of them go so far .as to get married."
\
soon
uni.Nrthy of credence.
In American courts it is also well known that the Chinese are very penurious of the truth, and that no oath will prevent them from giving false witness. In Egypt it is also very easy to get native witnesses to swear to anything, true or untrue.
For instance: Ahmed, a native of Cairo, had a slave who peeped over a wall into Suleiman’s harem, and the ladies considered themselves insulted. Suleiman wanted revenge, but he could not bring his wives into court to testify, so it was agreed that Sulei-should accuse Ahmed’s camel of
Z

hom. m Protect 6U,W0urHomes
that the skin
8 TO TES OAIeIVOBNIA
T
were
no

EXPOSITIONS VIA CHICAGO &
NONTH-WESTERN BY.
Four splendid dally trains from the New Passenger Terminal, Chicago to San Francisco, Los Angeles\ and San Choice of Scenic and Direct

Diego
Routes through the best of the West.
Double
If LOOKING FOB A FARM. CONSULT JL me. I bare ever Two Hundred on my Uet. located In the beet sections of Ontario All slice. H. W Dawson. Brampton.
7 4*0 tx>
Something to aee all the way track, Automatic electric safety signals all the way. Let us plan your trip and furnish folders and full particulars. B H. Bennett U.A.. 46 Yonge St. Toronto, Ontario.

Our Boys are in the trenches. But we Canadians have a man’s work to do,—right here at Home.
We are threatened by cowardly enemies. From these we must protect ourselves.
The Pea body s Overall Factory (Walkerville, Ontario) was bombed on the night of June 20th, because of its activity in making uniforms for Lord Kitchener's Army. The Windsor Armoury's destruction was attempted the same night because soldiers were sleeping there. The same enemy agency attempted to blow the C. P. R. Bridge at Port Arthur, also the Welland Canal. Attempts to kill and destroy in this cowardly manner have been made all over the Dominion.
So—Rally to the Home Guard.
This Patriotic Movement for the protection of our homes and public institutions is sweeping across Canada.
Your King and Canada Need You.
Every man, woman and child of you.
To support the Home Guard is merely a pledge of the loyalty and the patriotism of those who cannot go to the front.
ROFIT-MAKING NEWS AND JOB Office* for sale in good Ontario towns. Ths most useful and Interesting of all businesses. Full Information on application to Wilson Publishing Com-
P
The Only Safe Way.	Tea In the Trenches.
Don’t sleep on your left side, for it It is said that tea is the favored too great a pressure on the beverage of the soldiers in the
mm WÈm
ssr swusa ïm sssisus.'ss a» wnsSSs
you cannot get the necessary rela- ed consumption of tea all over the price. Must make room for winter, tion Don’t sleep standing up, for world, and as the supply is Inauffi-, Writ, for prleea O. B. Damann. North-you may topple over and crack your cient to cope with it, the high prices	lnn-
skull Don’t sleep.	now obtaining may continue for some	miscellaneous.
^	_ . years.
man
walking on Suleiman’s land. A crowd of witnesses came forward and for two days testified about the camel and the land, until the English Judge decided in favor of Suleiman.
It was not until a week afterward that the Judge discovered, to his great surprise, that Suleiman had no ground and Ahmed had no camel.
causes
for sali.
ROISTERED YORKSHIRE SWINE —Both sexes; choice quality and g. four months old. Prices mod-Wm. C. Wilson A Son, Hawke-
R
breedIn erate. stone. Ont.
NO IDEA
What Caused the Trouble.
"I always drank coffee with the rest of the family, for it seemed as tf there was nothing for breakfast if did not have it on the table.
"I had been troubled for some time with my heart, which did not feel
"Sometimes it would beat fast, and at other timea very slowly, so that I would hardly be able to do work for hour or two after breakfast, and If I walked up a hill, it gave me a severe pain. (The effects of tea are very similar to those of coffee because they each contain the drug, raffeine.)
"I had no idea of whst the trouble was until a friend suggested that perhaps it might be coffee drinking, tried leaving off the coffee and began drinking Postum. quickly.
now entirely free from heart trouble and attribute the relief to leaving off coffee and the use of Postum.
"A number of my friends have abandoned coffee and have taken up Poe-tum, which they are using steadily. There are some people that make Postum very weak and tasteless, but if made according to directions, it is a very delicious beverage. ' Name in - • by Canadian Postum Co.,'Windsor,
ANGER.
VV Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment Write me before toe lata Dr. Belhuan Medical Co.. Limited. Colllngwood. Ont
TUMORS. LUMPS, ETO.
It is possible that all the world does love a lover—until things reach the stage where it becomes necessary to buy wedding presents for him.
One Dream Come True.
"Strange," said the first tramp, meditatively, “how few of our youthful dreams ever come true."
"Oh, I dunno," said his companion. "I remember when I used to dream about wearin' long pants, and now I
we

This trouble grew worse
1Minister of Marine
In French Cabinet I *“«*• 1 wear 'em longer then anyone
else in the country.”
apus.

*
So—Support the Home Guard.
Clip the attached Coupon. Sign it and get a handsome Home puard Button Free from the nearest store which #
is Agent for PEABODY8 “Bomb-Proof” Overalls. ___	”
Every PEABODYS dealer is official distributors of Home Guard Buttons and Uniforms. .
See the news columns of this news- A paper for the official representative yZrATj of the Home Guard in your town, gJsffsS he will give you your Home Guard BÿjMÊÊ Button.
Yours for Loyalty and Home Protection,	IVSaBÈÊt
an
ran
Purifying Steel.
Engineering deacribea the procese invented by Lord Chetwynd for purifying steel that a Sheffield foundry has now been using for a year and a half. The steel, which is manufactured in the usual way in the Siemens-Martin furnace, is first poured or "teemed,” into a special ladle. Now steel, when poured into a ladle in the ordinary way, draws with it into the D'	for
ladle a pert of the slag? The slag rnce8 1 a,a ,<>r
so intermingled with the
LLIOTT
i0
la
I
t.
»*
|	1 The change came
I am glad to say that I am

Highest Cash
GINSEN
THE PEABODYS COMPANY,
Limited,
Walkerville, Ontario. i
steel that it cannot separate from it


*
completely and rise to the surface before the molten mass is poured into the ingot moulds. This difficulty Lord Chetwynd’s process obviates. Two iron electrodes are fitted to the bottom of the special ladle, and two graphite electrodes are so placed that
be lowered to rest In the



w\

We are the largest buyers of

Cut out this Coupon It for a Home Guard B\
I will lend my moral Home Guard. I will do aU I



A
Ont
pay you Uu If you have

to
they
Postum comes in two forms:
Postum Cereal—the original form—
16c and 26c
any wM or
of slag that
a

» ».
As soon as that happens, an
aes
must be well boiled.
package.
Instant Pn*fu
z

electric current is sent through the
or


-a soluble powder —dissolves quickly in i cup of hot water, and, with cream and sugar, makes a delicious beverage instantly, d 60c tins.
Both kinds are equally delicious
"'I h-r. 's a
steel,
fr T •
s
it rotate. T>

the metal, and


VICTOR AUGAOHEVR,
of slag that It brought from the fur-The procese lasts about thirty
David Bluett m A Bro.
1*1 W. 27th St. N.wY«rk, UAÀ.
for
st the


Y
(II
ISSUE IS—TA
ED. T.
a


###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
Editor Equity.
Hear Sjr, Inasmuch as there was some criticism of the school fees of Shaw ville Academy last year, a com immtive statement of the fees charged I»y the other academies of the province may Ik- of interest.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
ricton, untano, n quiet, picturesquo and musical little town in Prince Edward County. As a composer of songs she is rapidly making headway, and gaining a continental reputation. Her resourcefulness Is shown in her original treatment of
me composer exhibits adrnlr-
||||l|l|||||||||||||||||||||||||||#(:» o «
His immense knowledge of
seen,
ihle taste and
fine and sonorous choral effects, and his unquest lone taste are shown in vhe composition of the above two-part songs.
Frank S. Weisman, of Toronto, wrote a minuet for piano solo some rears ago, and, Judging from its sprightly character and real minuet flavor, be shout take time and write some more, praiseworthy offering.
Dr. Torrlngton wrote n few songs tome years ago, the most creditable ind popular being his “Abide With Me." This with "One Sweetly Solemn Thought.” by the late R. S. Ambrose. and the ballad, "Waiting for the Tide,” by the late Edwin Gled-hill, wore at that time the most popular songs produced by any Canadian composers.
SHAW VILLE, AUG. 19, 1915.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
such
Ma|or General Hughe*, who is still in —... .	.	,	.	.
.. ,	,	. 6l . 4 4l , It will lie mhmi that the fee* in Shaw- happy and lovely creations as. “In
.uylaïul, reports thaï two thousand vj]|t» Ai-mleniy are well Mow the aver- Arc..dy by Moonlight,” “Dear Little nouns are serving with the Cana- age, ami that the iiiiihIhtof teachers on- Hui by the HIct Fields,” ”1 Send My contingents in Europe. This i> a ! gaged is nUtve the average. So that a Ueait l p to Thee,” “A Lovely Maid.........*r ,Mh«. ? | g&nzrASTT'
•atliv exists across the lines with I____ ____________________________Like a Tempting Peach.” These
t Hrituiu mul hvr allies. I	No of - Fees -, songs are fascinating. although tlielr
feaelK,,. Acad. M,hI.
their contents grows :ombe Is a creative artiste of whom 1 •l>0 Canada may well take pride 1*0 songs are original. They admirably •J.oo express the meaning of the words, and are forcefu. in many ways and l.oo 3ne feels sincerity in every measure, and they all show a trained technic and refinement in feeling.
i
X
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
It is a playable and
Dressed
etc.
Doors, Sash,
Lumber,
)
can
Veadenn
it does nut by any means represent limons sentiment over there, and it nut for the vigilance of Britain's
\
Miss It rans-
Sliaw \ il le.
I NV .lll'X lilt
navy there is no doubt a good many I Laelmje ..,
thousands of our neighbors of Teuton | Granby...,
Sutton.....
Aylmer....
Knowlton.
1
1 JM»
I
W
- .no
Her
1
1
4
Custom Sawing1.
birth and origin would have gone to swell the ruthless legions who despoiled and des,dated Belgium.
1
1.4
1
su
Prolific Song Writer.
One of the most prolific of Canals Mr. Ernest
He has to his
'(
I’otal. ., Vverage
Canadians Abroad.
V.»
12
9s. :>
h i
I iian song-writer.
Whyte of Ottawa, redit son»,	or 3 V published song
md has. 1 am told, a be ut 100 still in MSS
Inn, and his apparent desire is to get iway from anything appertaining to the commonplace in sentiment or in feeling. Hie songs appeal to the real music lover, and are intended to be lofty In expression and desire would have to play them many times
arcu8tome< to
(notwithstanding simple and usual 1 nf tluN <lUtvînt ha.monies are employed), and this Is 11 UUti no disparagement either, for many beautiful things in this world hav< .	.
:o ic sought diligently for, and to he | clSCWllCl’P. won only after much labor and self-
But after a whole lot of
,17	1. s;> l. to Another Canadian composer of real
talent and accomplishment Is Mr. O. Nothing would please the Board U t A. Grunt-Schaefer, now head of the ter than t*> either make the fee* only music department at the University nominal or aUdish them altogether. D* Evanston, IB. Having lived so But, u n fort i mat el v. under existing , * n C nitetl States, many do , irvumshuHfs, numnt urtor.i In do 0<’t,^v' ha‘he is of Canadian blnh
....................B.....
m 111 V ,,u‘	on !*lt‘,lv 1VV an. the voice and piano. Indeed some of
.umua, reduction, a* far a* possible, of the best concert singers in the United the same. S,» that we cannot at this States are singing his “Cuck-Coo u>ly damaged fourteen time reduce the rate of foes.	Clock,” “The Eagle,” “The Moon
mt. While I Gur staff thi* year i*. 1 lielivvv, the Mother.” and “Garden Romance.”
] ti , iimst etlieient of any we have yet had. ind they arc beautifully done, and l in* Principal i* Mr. Stanley McMullen, *bow a sensitive feeling. His “Cana-B. A., ot Ormstown. We have four Han Scenes,” -Seven Pieces,” teaeher* wlm hold M.hIcI diplomas. terflies,” “Southwinds,”
1 am. 1 believe, well vitl.in the truth '	and ' X alsetl/ Gracieuse,” all
agr & .SsSr&SH:
mer Scott), recently of Winnipeg, but now of Chicago, has klndlv sent me a copy of her “Child Songs.” and i sacred song, “Call the Lord Thy Sure Salvation,” which prow her to possess a reall„ refined and happy
. .	— r>ri/>-rr-r»-r *aIent for expressing musical moods
HELP PROTECT md effects. The “Child Songs” are
group of fifteen short pieces, quite captivating in their descriptive suggestion. and are very characteristic Df the titles and words, which latter
The Audit presented and examined, by reporting at once to the undersigned ire by Mary Grant O’Sheridan. Some Moved by eom. Wallace, seconded by , violation of tlie Game Law y* u be* 5f tJe titles are; "Ten Tiny Violets.” com. Harris that the Audit U* accepted; come aware of. Liliaral compensation ? f..^nVs0-*?°k'	\ Love My Na-
\l \Via,|.’llH ar.‘llt‘T’. Mr: R"''.u',t l!1"1 |>»iJ for conviction évidente. All cor- rime." -Tree Song.'^^'An °IndUn
1	* L- H' Mg in* luld 1	1 Mt reepondence strict'y private and ct-nfi- Brave,” “The Willow Tree,”
the following bills lie paid:	Truman .	,	“ ~‘WÊÊ
A. Draper, trip to No. 10 School to 1 Vllt 1
picket out grounds ."*2 ; V. J. Va Id well,
trip to see K. W, Hodgin* re. Audit.
ÿl.-ô ; J. H. Brown. 1 cord wood la*t
winter. f 2.<X>.—l arried.
Moved by com. Draper, seconded by
tom. (.'arson, that it is resolved that a
rate of 3-quarters of one cent in the
dollar for every dollar on the Valuation
Boll U* and i* hereby levied accordingly ;
and that the monthly fee shall l*e 23 !
vents a month for 8 month* in the year.
— Carried
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
l’he Hritfoil ortivinl
itei
in
ng a r»*«Tilt German airship raid 'land >aid two Zvp|H‘lin* visited >t between 9.30 |>. 111. and p. m. on August 12, dropping hire and explosive bombs in “ vari
Mr. Whyte is a serious mu si-
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
t
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
St I

uvs
One
1 two women, injured Aomen and nine children, all civi-% ami seri
-vs, according to the a« military advantage w lient at least affords another ex V of German ” frightl h the past year's war lias contrihut-lany, in every quarter where Teuton
I t
i i
>
But
t
“On the
to
study, I am not go sure that these song* would haunt one because of •hear beauty
in to havt tl refreshing melodic .'harm, or the rich and varied, or veil picturesque, harmonies to do Whilst they afe not what one would call emotional or vitally intense, they are undoubtedly sincere ind interesting, and are moreover well writcn for the voice, and con-a in m:m> artistic and commendable features
•Lament of th. Winds
Slumber Bong 1H
Into He; itjjm
Sunrise,” “The Sea Hath its Pearls
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
They do not
v I
1,1
Yen
IV iv \
ii
Up-to-Date Tailoring
1. W
\ i:\
Minutes Clarendon Schools
his
Cl
f School ( don met .July 31 cut : Chairman l‘armer : tiers Carson, Harris I ha]
Minutes of last meeting read and ap-
iv, i
191

à afei
We have a good assortment of

Uj
in
t
Some of the titles are
THE DEER.
w
IVt
Tweeds aqd Serges
r
r
Harvest A White Host HHHHWinter
Xnd o'lier (iamv during Close Season
I


<
At

for you to choose from. We guarantee you a fit:
Also a good range of
Gents’ Furnishings , Rain Coats and Semi-Ready Suits.
Me
- yi
J. E. 1 . Aidons, 13.A., of Hamilton, has published souk holf-dozen compositions, anthems, ard a song or :wo, and a prelude ard fugue for prgan. In addition to these works he has in MSS. four light operas, one ^ string quartet, one trio for piano, and	'
strings, some songs, and pieces for hav and piano.
Calixa Lavalle, famous as being the ?omposo- of “O Canada,” now our :hief national anthem, was a brilliant but erratic musician, and left a few works for the piano, the most tmport-mt being his well-known etude. “Papillon,” this being a showy piece of soxewhat glittering character, but withal quite effective.—W. 0. Foi-iyth.
w
't-.'S
$ g
/
)
The
Bob-Fire,” etc. The charming treatment of these songs makes them delightful, both fo

N.McCUAIC
children and
Prov Game Warden
grow u-ups.
Geoffrey O'Hara, in hi song, "Lead Kindi: Light,” ,| |	__
skill in the setting of this well-known hymn. It has an expressive melody, the harmonies are varied
and the whole song appeals by reason of its devotional sincerity.
William Caven Barron, formerly of London, Ontario, has to bis credit a number of interesting and quite characteristic compositions for piano solo, of Irish, Scotch,
suggest iveneeemflHMMH
ing effect of real charm, and his Scotch Love Song is very happy in its simplicity, besides having the ring of affection hidden in its tripping rhythm.
Angelo M. Reid is a Canadian musician of fine accomplishment,
who at one time lived in St. Cath- taking unlimited supplies, a big fly-irines, but who for some years has ,n& boat has been built for Russia, lived in Buffalo N.Y., where be is Spain has ordered twelve machines, highly regarde ! as a musician of first And now an order is expected from ran*, his works arc chiefly for the the Governmen of India, voice, and consist of the cantatas Ith® mother country's daughters has "David’s Lament,” "A Song of Na- j yet aeroplane squadrons of her own. tivity.” "It Is Finished,” etc. anthems I!t boka a* ,f lnd[L were to lead the and songs, which latter, by the way , daughter nations in this direction, are also, or nearly all, of a sacred I Mr J A* McCurdy said a few days character. The various compositions I ag0 that he thought Canada had at I have seen are of solid, orthodox | the present moment an unrivalled opportunity for th formation of an
r.r,. ^	“*«5:
L>r*Klbe,2 , ™' °t Toronto, al- . would never be a better one. The , 1 - i an Lngiibhman by birth, has men, the equipment, the training or-i » 1 m that city a goodly number of ganixation were available now.
In looking over the field of Cana- >eare--where his reputation as a I Mr. McCurdy pointed out that the
conspicuously. In this paper I have «Deluding him among our Canadian 'students in all the British schools to-only time and space to mention but a ‘ ,,,nP°ser*- Dr. Ham has kindly per- i tailed only 70. Beginning recently in-
-PÉB
§mm
h> said Municipali > of Clarendon i- songs and compositions for the piano, | Are Falling,” "Mid Sylvan Oladea ” now made and completed for the current besides numerous arrangements of "Blow, Soft Wind” the latter two year, 1915, and also the Collection Roll one kind and another. Lucas' works 'or two parts or voices and his songs of the said Municipality for the current are all impregnated with seriousness. "Myla” and Thy Will Not Mine Be year, 1915, to pay interest and sinking He writes easily. His melodies flow Done,” are fine sped fund of the Rahway Bonus. Both C<>1- gratefully, and sometimes they 1 writing, maklnt their own appeal, lection Rolls are now deposited in the haunt one with their plaintive wist- Dr. A. 8. Vogt has become well-
office of the undersigned. All persons Îî*10®**; H,e *QP*rb Prelude and known as a composer through the laeroolanee which are being con-
mmwmm
8ec,-Tmu. Oena Braascombe la ortetnallv of i zomooeiUdns hi Dr. Vogt I " pniroi so guère i. m irueers.
I
•' •î -	,
Bryson, January 101
4S6
hows commendable
S
jr
•m
4* «
T.I3 MARKETS.
and well felt.
SKA WVIILE
Flour peibarrel $7.CO Wheat, pei bushel, standard $1.25 Oats,per bushel. 45c.
Butter tubs, print sand rolls 21c. Rot aloes per bag. 75c.
Kggs per dozen 18c.
Pork per 100 lbs. 7.50 to 8.00 Hides perlOO lb 8.00 Pelts 20 to 75 each Horse Hides each 2.50 Calfskins each 65 to 75 Woo! washed peril». 32u to 38c Hay per ton 810.50
MURRAY BROS., SH/VVVILLE.
Moved by com. Wallace, seconded by com. Wallace that we build a second school in No. 12 District, and that tin* Asst. Secretary call for tenders for building the School. Plan and specification to Ik* seen at the Asst. Secretary s office. Also that the Board go out and select site on Monday, August 2nd, adjourning till that date.—Carried.
(The Hoard, in a body, visited No. 12 District, and picketed out the site on \ >t 3, range 11.)
Moved by com. Wallace, seconded by
•	"in. Harris that conn. !)ra|>er visit NT». 4 School and ascertain the damage done to the School, see to the repairs of the same, and locate the culprits.—Carried.
Adjourned to meet August 21st at
*	wo o’clock.

and Dutch “Colleen” has a lilt-
- Place your order now for that new

AIRCRAFT FOR THE WORLD.
Toronto Has Plunged Vigorously Into
New Industry.
Toronto will soon be assembling aeroplanes for the world. Britain is
1916 PRICE $530.00
F. O. B„ Ford, Ont.
G. A. Howard sells the Cars as well as the Gasoline to run them.
A full line of repairs, parts and motor accessories
When in town call at the Garage and ask for a demonstration.
None of
The f blowing are last Snt urrinyF quot ation !
Butter, in prints 80c to32c Butter in pails 28 to 30c Eggs, fresh, per dozen 23 to 25c Potatoes per hag 65 to 70c.
Pork, per 100 lbs 611.00 to 13.00 Beef, per 100 lbs, *10.00 to 12.50 Oats per bushel 05c Hay per ton 18.00 to 21.00
M. A. McKinley,
Aset. Svc.Treas
workmanship
The Struggle at Gallipoli
London, August 13.—An Athens de* patch to the Daily Chronicle says :
“ Derations on extensive scale have been resumed on the Gallipoli Peninsula and the latest news i< on the whole, very favorable. The lust tie has been general in the region around Krithia.
“ The Allies, having been strongly reinforced, attacked the Turkish positions and in a brilliant fashion won two miles of trenches which, according to French officers, ;#os*ess considerable strategic importance,
“ In the region of Atchi Bal>a, artillery duels have been intense.
“ At An Bur mu a British lust talion was forced to retire some three hundred yards Wfore a particularly violent attack, but the position is none the worse for that occurrence. During this attack
over our lines
G. A. HOWARD.
A FEW FALL BARGAINS
are en-
To make room for Winter Stock.
2	Farm Waggon Gears 2 in. tires
3	New Munro McIntosh Buggies
2 seat Express
2	Second hand Buggies, in good order, ch
3	Steel Barrows, regular price $4.75, to clear at 5 New Singer Sewing Machines (drop heads)
Blue Bell Washers Connor
$ 19.00
70.00
1
<1
46
80.00
three enemy planes flew directing the Turkish fire
eap
8.75
33.50
»
8.80
46
4.75
Wringers (8 year guarantee) prices right
(5 year guarantee)
and Joy, Van
64
66
3 Barrel Churns
kept fron active service
cently	^¦¦¦
by Injuries received In a forced land-lag. The British have a* undoubted supremacy in the air,” he said.
The mammoth aeroplane, which is being built for Britain in Toronto,
66
4
•*
•4
14
Martin Orme Pianos, reg. $450.00
1 Willis Piano (Model E) used 2 years, cost $425.00 1 Square Piano in good ord
in need of a little repair
All New Goods Guaranteed. Your Inspection Solicited.
380.00
105.00
The

50.00
1
H
40.00
0. A. HOWARD.

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
| W hen you want the best value for your
. money In ..
.Ne I ton McLellan, Kaq., Wyman, (Social No. 34)
Robert Hobbs, Eaq., .Sbawville...............
•/ameM Horner, Knq.; Shawville...............
Harry Stephen», Ë»j,, Simwville..............
H. K. Wain man, Eaq., Shawville............
Shew vil le Milling < o., Shawville (Sjieciiâla N
K Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqtereete* Published every Thursday
\i Shawm'll», County Pontiac, Que.
1 60 1 00 1 00
. . 1 00 1 00 1 Mil. Flour
SHINGLES
at SI.65 per M. and up
Also Lath#, Dry Lumber, Clapboard* Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing, Moulding", Door#, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
Box 465
Subscription, $1 a Year in Advance
i*T All arrears must be paid up before my paper I» discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
AUGUST
¦ 13 and 11, List of Donations for Dairy Test J apîneauville Lumber Co., Papineau vi 11«
K. W, Hodgina, Kafj., Shawvilfo.......
Matthews Mlack well Co., Ottawa......
V"
#10 oo 10 00 5 00
BARGAINS
Legal advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at $.">.00per year.
Local announcements inserted At the rate of g cents per line for first Insertion and 5 cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates which will be given ou application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be In sei ted until forbidden and charged for I accordingly.
Am prior. Out
f	...
«* allot, and the committee in charge have divided tin the f'-llowing list, which has not been referred to a)
HOUSES
pATENTS
amount* to mak
f<)\
Tea ms.)
fn
...	. . , "trie*. Ask fur our INVKN-
i on rf Al>\ ISJ-;It.which Will be sent free
MARION & MARION.
364 University St.» Montréal.
Ladies’ Hose
Ladies Plain Black Cotton Hose in sizes 7è to 10. Price 12£c. per pair.
1
Rest |fair Heavy Draft H*»rs<
J3.o<> Best pair Agricultural H
13.o«) Best pair General Purpov Horse*
13.1)0 I test i »air of Carriage Ilots 13.1)0 Best pair of Roadster*, judge,I for sjaied
in hart
a
a
tse* in liâmes
3
'(
H
4
in harness
S
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING l
5
8
Birth, in image and death notices pub-I shed free of charge. Obituary poetry decline I.
HORSES—(Single.) R'-st Single Carriage Horse or Mare,
d
7.1»
soundness and eonformation. *
T..W Bent Single Roadster, judged for I, wundueas and
formation. ; Full net of «line» for team.
,.50 1 attest Roadster. Everything goes
full set of shoes for team.
i lofts Eg —( MIHCELLA NI
to be judged f
\
JOD PRINTING
I
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday,
- Second Wednesday, Bristol, • . First Thursday,
Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman,
7
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and ¦cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
Boys’ Stockings
Boys’ Heavy Ribbed Cotton Stockings, with double knee, and guaranteed—fast black
15c. per pair.
con

H
Hobbles burred. #
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Elmside
UH.)
0
l^s[ >£ar;,1,j Co,t °»’ from any thorough bred h..rvj, 8| 1 Jx.-st f oal of season from Earl Dunragit. Foal to U- am,„
1 «allied by dam, #4, 3,
M1 Rest Foul of sea
Professional Cards.
lu
1
- First Friday, Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm
li. i
son from Lundie or Happy Harry. F accompanied by dam. 4, 3, 2, 1
00 Beat Foal of season from Larabie the Créât com|miied by dam. #3, g.
IH> Rest Foal of season from Royal Direct panied b> dam. #3.
Ifitrh and Drive Contest.- Harness single horse and hit, h t 4-wheeled rig ; drive once around the ring and unliitvl lead horse around the rig. hitch up again and riich- tj k ring once luoiv.	g.
Hitch and Drive (
to \
12
DR. A. H. BEERS
Foal to
Child’s Silk Stockings
- Last Saturday,
of each month.
SURGEON DENTIST
Camiuikm.s Day
13
Foal to Is
teem
Qve,
Doc to i it I h i ne unci M/ister of Suiirciv McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania,
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
14
Childrens’ Silk Stockings in pink, sky,
tan, black and white—fast colors. Sizes 4! to 6. 35c. per pair.
)

1
.	,	Lade - «ml). (Sana as above.)
°'fJ J,°r.a ,io.rse t,mt "ill jump the highest ; that is, a saddle hor jumping with the rider in the saddle. $3, 2.
7.00 For the beat exhibition of Driving by a lady, living
county. Contest with single horse hitched to 4-wheehd
ng. Lady to k aceoin|«aided by gentleman. I dozen #:> photographs, a.
500 For the best exhibition of Driving by a gentleman : actual fanner, living in the county, over sixty years of age, driving Ins own team, hitched to a 4-wheeled rig, to k judge,I for method of driving and speed. r>.
ntest
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
1,
DR. N. M. HALKETT, B.A
17
Doctor of Medicine. Master of Surgery Licentiate Medical Council of Canada Post-G-riduate Protestant General Ho* pH ll, Ot i\\ a.
Boots and Shoes
We have placed on sale a table of Boots and Shoes for men, women and children. These are not the newest styles, but good serviceable boots that will give you excellent wear, at less than cost price.
f s°ie head of a family, or any mal over 18years old , may homestead a quarter sect,on of available Dominion I in I in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al • •«•Ha, Applicant must appear in person at the Dominion bands Agency !,r Sub agency for the District Entry hy proxy may lie made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not subagency) on certain conditions.
Duties.—Six months residence upon an I cultivation of the land in each of three year*. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at east 80 acres, on certain condi-Hons. A habitable house is required - except when residence is performed in 3,	2 In the vicinity.
5, 3 I Ir* certain districts a homesteader in
#4.00 per acre
Duties—Six month* residence i<i
0	three years after earning homestead patent , also o0 acre* extra cultivation.
1	re emption patent may be obtained as
£ïdittoaîon,e"tead patent- on certain
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased homestead in certain districts. Price *3 00 2.50 I per acre Duties. - Must reside six 2.50 months i n each of three years, cultivate 2 I,w acres tt"d erect a house worth $300.
The area of cultivation is subject to re duct ion in case of rough .scrubby or stony
land. Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
18
SHAWVILLE. QUE.
C A TTLE.
K>.	3.00 Rest Heifer, 1-year old, judged for l*ef,
3.fH) Rest Heifer, 1-year old, judged for milk,
3.<h> Rest Heifer, 2-year old, judged for kef,
3.00 Rest Heifer, 2-year old, judged for milk,
¦'«.00 Best Vow. beef strain, (grade or registered)
%	£ow: dairy strain, (grade or registered)
23.	8.oo	Best	Herd	of Shorthorn Cattle,
2 4.	8.00	Best	Herd	of Ayrshire Cattle,
2 ».	8.00	Best	Herd	of Holstein Cattle,
20.	6.00	Best	Herd	of Grade Cattle,
SHEEP AND SWINE.
2.50 Best pair registered yearling Ewe*, I shear.
may compete for other sjiecial or Society prizes.)
2..V) Rest pair registered Brood Sow*, I year. 2.50. (Entries may
compete tor other sjiecial or Society prizes.)
20.	2..i0 Best pair Ewes, 1 shear, of their class.
J|2.:»o Best paii Hogs of season, of their class 31.	5.00 Best medium shearling Ewe
POULTRY.
2.00	Best 1 stir of White Wyandotte Chicks, not competing for any
other special. 3.00.
3.00	Best lien of Barry-1 Hock Chicks (t cockerel and 6 pullets.)
hxliihit to be di.stiiiut from nil others
1.5u Best pair of White Wyandotte Chicks. 1.00, .50. (Exhibits
to k raised from eggs furnished by the donor of the ape cial, and may coni|#cte for other specials or Society prizes
HALL EXHIBITS.
*<>0 Ex[,î!'itor Uk!ng *ar^eMt number of prises in ( lass 47 • .	2.<)<) Exhibitor taking largest number of prizes in Class 40
2.<X) For the Exhibit of highest merit in Class 41. l.:»0 For the kst Display of 4 to 6 Articles in Class 42.
1.50 For the best Display of 4 to 6 Articles in Class 43.
5.00 Best colored Cheese, 70 lbs.
prize*. 3, 2.
4L .>.00 Best 30-lb. tub of Dairy Butter, not competing for other
prizes. 3, 2.
42.	5.00 Best 10-lb crock of Dairy Butter. 5.00. (Winning exhibit to
become the property of the donor of the special )
Best bushel of Scotch Wheat, for milling and seed
Half bbl. Hour.—Shawville Milling Co.	I HH
Br*t bushel of Oats, for milling and seed punioeea. Half bbl
flour,—Shawville Milling Co.
45.	5.00 Best Collection of Photograph* taken and finished by the
Exhibitor. 5.00.	MW
MISCELLANEOUS.
46.	5.00 For the kst kept Ford Car, bought in 1915
be considered. 5.00.
Dairy Test of Milk Cows i* king arranged by R. W. Hodgina, Dairy Recorder, Shawville. Parties wishing to have their cows compete on basis of actual production, during 24 or 36 hour*, should apply to him for information regarding
the lent.
S. A. MACKAY
2,	1
2,	1
19 a
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
20
2,	1
2,	1
1
20-a
21
«. MILLAR, L.L.L.
G. F. HOGGINS GO.
5,
*
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
4, 2
each
27
<
2.50. (Entries
28.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
List of Specials
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AO-
30
3,
•Offlce and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
Visits Shawville every Saturday
. offered at
32
SHAWVILLE FAIR
w. W. CORY. C.M.Ô,
Deputy of the Minister ofthe Interior
,bM.7,teM.5-Ssiïv'
33
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.
3.00
34
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
FARM FOR SALE.
Sept. 8, 9, 10, 1915.
198 Main St. - Hull.
i »•-. a æï r.t a
l.ange of the Township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres, more or les*, adjoining the corporation of the village of Shaw ville. Comfortable dwelling h and all out-building* farm erected thereon.
—one convenient to house and one con venient to *tock yard, i J_
S**il jwrt clay and part loam *°ld on easy terms ticulars apply to
35
3.00.
2.00. 2.00 1.50 1.50
nr over, not coinjieting for other
PHONE DELL
il. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be in Fort Voulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday,
List of Donors.
37
38
Geo. B. Campbell, M. L. A. for Pontiac........................
Hon. Geo. Bryson, M. L. C., Ft. Coulonge (Sjiecial Nos. 40 and 41)
G. H. Bmbazon, M. P., Portage du Fort................
O. F. Horigins Co., Shawville........................
W ni. Hodgins, Esq, Shawville- (Special No. 11)......
Thom. McDowell, Esq., (Special No. 10)....
Thus. Shore, Esq., Shawville.............
C. Caldwell, Esq., Shawville (Special No. 5)
GEORGE HYNES I °" A. Howard, Ew|„ Shawrille (Special* Noe. 12 and 46)
W. A Hodgins, Shawville.........................¦¦
T. F. Barnett, Esq., Renfrew, Ont.‘(8pecial No. 42)
M. J. O’Brien, Esq, Renfrew, Ont., (Special No. 9)
O.	D. Sullivan, Esq., Shawville (Sfiecial No. 7)...
Erwin Moore, Esq., Beechgrove (Special No. 13)..
W. E. Maitland, Esq., Shawville (Sjiecial No. 16)..
R. W. Ralph, Esq., Shawville (Special No. 18).
J. K. King, Esq., Shawville, (Special No. 31)..
Merchants Bank, Shawville...................
H. Imison, Esq., Shawville..................
R. Millar, Esq., Bryson, Que.,..............
SHAWVILLE | Mrs. Jas. Hodgins, Shawville........................
John Shaw, Esq., Shawville..................
P.	E. Smiley, Esq., Shawville (Special No. 15).
Hans Shadel, Esq., (Special No. 1ft).........
Archie Dover, Esq., Shawville.........*.......
J. L Hodgins, Esq., Shawville...............
O. W. Dale, Esq., Shawville...................
J. E. Gaboary, Esq, Campbells Bay.............
Dr. S. L O’Hara, Shawville....................
W. J. Thomson, Esq, Wyman, Que................
D. McCullough, Esq, Quyoo.....................
Wilfrid Howes, Esq, Shawville (Special No. 14)
The Equity, Shawville (Special No. 33)........
Langford Strutt, Esq, Shawville,.. HHHB John Brownlee, Esq, Shawville, ..
George Hynes, Esq, Shawville
_____ _____________________ W. V. Drum, Esq, Shawville..............
°” I George Prendergart, Esq, Shawville
If Draper, Esq, Shawville.......
Ernest McRae, Esq, Shawville ....
H. T. Argue, Esq, Shawville.......
J R. Homer, Esq, Shawville......
8. E. Hodgins, Esq, Shawville ....
J Lockhart, Esq, Ottawa, Out, (Special No. 38)
40 00 10 00 10 00 10 00 10 00 . Kfon 10 00 10 00 10 00 10 00 10 00 10 00
39
oiise
40
ncceytary on a Two good well*
Good orchard, i. Will be
For further
I»ax
43
• • #
e e
purjiose*
JOHN G. Mr DO WELL,
B<»x 296 Haileybury, Ont
44
SHAWVILLE
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Open all hours.
MEAT SHOP
5 00
Mileage run to
ft 00
CEO. PRENDERCAST, Prop.
Fresh Meats,
Cured Meats,
Sausages, etc.,
ft oo
47
5 00
5 00
UNDERTAKING
ft 00
5 00
V
Always on hand
HAYES A FINDLAY
ft 00
Not. to ExHlBlTo*s.- -l,lea*e oWrve Rule* No. 12 and 20 of Prize List, in connection w ith entries for Society and Special Prize*.
Vjrtit:	tsfcf .'t %
®th; Horw*-( la**e, 1 to 10 inclusive in Prize Li*t-will be judged on Sept 9th, a* well a* Si-eoal. No. 8 at 2.30, p. m.; No. 14 at 5, p. m ; No. 18 at 5.15, p. m. Balance of Society and Special Prize* for Home* judged
HMt 10th.
ft 00
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
Hides and Pelts bought and highest market price paid.	.
ft 00
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
ft 00
ft 00
J. V. FINDLAY
ft 00
ft 00
TENDERS
U Need A Safe
ft 00
- •
_ Special Train.—Ottawa to Shawville and return. Leaves Ottawa at 7.40, a. m„ Sept. 9. Returning, leaves Shawville at 10, p. m, 8e|*. 9.
NhiHT Conçut —The Presbyterians of Shawville repeat their Enter £	9th’ ^ Uke plaCe iD the Hkatin* Kink, beginning at
WM. HODGINS,
PieslDlNT
ft 00
Tenders will be received up till two o’clock p. m, of 81st inst, for the build-mg of a second school in district No. 12, Clarendon, Lot 3, Range 11. Plan and specification may be seen in the 'dfice of Asst. Sec. Trees.
By order of the Board.
ft 00
# #
ft 00
AMD
5 00
• e
raoM DESTRUCTION
5 00
• e
In Case Of Fire
R. W. HO
INS,
Seceetabt.
. 4LN:. B —ftoould errors in the above appear in this insertion, corrections in the lists distributed will be followed.
3 00
He
Full set of shoes for team Full sft of shoes for team
m a. McKinley,
Asst. SecyTreas
site
8 00
Teacher Wanted
8 00
8 00
Teacher wanted for School District No. 18, Clarendon, County Pontiac, Province of Quebec Qualified. Protestant . State qualifications, experience, church of choice and salary posted.
The Combined Office Desk and Safe
8 00
Wed. Thurs. Fri.
• #
ry business, prof***
„ ¦	-¦ er'e equipment. It
Is the most eon renient outfit ever Invented
8 00
sionsl men s or f
8 00
t-
8 00
Sept. 8, 9, 10, 1915.
dealers
8 00
m. a. McKinley,
M. R. McGUIRE,
8 00
Shawville.
Shawville, Qua.
###PAGE###6###
LOVE AND HATE
A FINE RUSSIAN REGIMENT
England to Germany.
About the Household
E&am
You poison the springs that should ever flow To aid the bright flowers of peace to grow;
You teach little children in school to pray That curses may blight, and that wrath may slay# You plant in the soil of their young hearts seeds Of baneful, destructive and deadly weeds;
You rob them of vision of higher view;
You wither their power to bo pure and true;
You turn them away from love's garden gate,
And chill their warm blood with your hiss of hate, Rut back o'er your land all your curse clouds roll To darken and shrivel your nation’s soul.
You savagely boasted your brutal might,
And scornfully sneered when men spoke of right; Refused to be true to the pledge you signed,
And jeered at the nations a bond could bind; Defying humanity’s moral laws,
You murdered the helpless without a cause;
You secretly tried an infamous plan To sow deadly strife between man and man;
Your four plots miscarried, perfidy failed.
The nations awoke and the right prevailed.
Now, facing in terror avenging fate,
You shriek in your fury the curse of hate.
We heed not your curses. We know God hears The cry of the nation whose bitter tears Flow out from the heart that in anguish bleeds Recause of your merciless, ruthless deeds.
Brave Belgium’s blessing of prayer and praise The curse of your venomous hate outweighs.
We sprang to her aid with our souls aflame To save from dishonor old England’s name.
Peace lovers are we, but true Britons fight When freedom is threatened by " despot might.
We hate not your nation. We fight that we May aid in the struggle to make men free.
* <Ç
w.

¦
ribbon
white soap, holding the
Syrup Scon.8-One pound of self- 81	u,owg whenever poa.
rnis»nK flour, add four ounces of but- siMe f	living rooms an(, dens.
ter or dnpplng, two ounces of sugar Th are more hygienic and more an ounce of sultanas, one-half pint of sunjtal...
milk and a tablespoonful of golden ' A mogt effvctive way to clean
syrup Mix all together thoroughly, ^oleum ia to wash first with a cut into shapes and bake in a hot oven
for 20 minutes. These are called
Recipes for Dainty Dishes.


*
Wm

Wi






à
little water and then polish by applying milk.
To remove ink spots from colored
, .	.	,	,	,,	, roods, dip the stain in pure melted
potatoes, mash them with m.lk and ta||ow_ Wagh out the wiow and ink a little dripping and pepper and salt goee with it
and a little minced parsley. Fill A teaspoonful of boracie acid add-aaucers with this mixture allowing e(, tQ „ of boUing water nn<1 aliow-one for each person; sprinkle the top e(, to coo, jg exccllent for inflamed, of each with brown bread crumbs and a little grated cheese. Bake in quick oven till browned.
Potato Fritters.—Boil half a dozen potatoes, beat them and mix with three well-beaten eggs, a gill of milk, a little oiled butter. Mix well together and drop into boiling dripping.
Fry a light brown, dish up and sprinkle with sugar. Serve hot.
Vanilla Cake.— Beat a quarter of a pound of butter to a cream, add half a pound of sugar, the yolks of three eggs beaten up with a little milk, and a few drops of vanilla essence.
Sift in half a pound of self-raising flour, beat the white of the eggs to a stiff froth, and add them to the mixture, stirring all together for five minutes. Rake in a hot oven.
Raisin Bread.—Half cup butter, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon salt, cups white flour, H cup sugar, 1 yeast cake, 1 cup boiling water, 1 cup chopped seeded raisins. Scald milk and add water. Dissolve yeast in half of this lukewarm mixture. To the remaining milk and water add four cups of flour and make a batter. Beat thoroughly, then add the yeast. Let stand until light. Cream butter and sugar and add eggs one at a time.
Now add egg and sugar mixture to the sponge, together with raisins and remaining flour. Place in a buttered bowl and let rise until light. Form into loaves, place in buttered pun, let rise again and bake 40 minutes.
Stale Bread Fritters.—Cut
J2B!»!
„ „„ J*
Fxz?:
scones.
Saucer Potatoes.—Take cold boiled
yt» ' :

i

/
Mai
àffl


weak eyes.
It is said that a rag soaked in a cayenne pepper solution and stuffed in a rat hole will set them all scampering off the place.
Stains on flannel may be removed with yolk of an egg and glycerine in equal quantities. Leave it on for half an hour, then wash out.
If cream will not whip add the white of an egg. Let both become thoroughly chilled before whipping. Keep cold until ready to serve.
An excellent way to prepare a new iron kettle for use is to fill with cold water and one cupful of rye meal. Keep at boiling point several hours.
Keep a supply of old plates and saucers on which cold meats, scraps, etc., can be put away. Avoid leaving Ï anything on the dish it has been served on.
Embroidered garments should always be ironed on the wrong side upon several thicknesses of flannel. This makes the pattern stand out quite boldly.
One pint of tar and two quarts of water in an earthen vessel will keep red ants away. Keep this in your I pantry or cellar and you will never - see one.
Next time you make a mayonnaise, or other salad dressing, try peanut oil instead of olive oil. It is just as good to the taste and ; half the price of olive oil.


¦

£


. / . '
i
V /

W

me
V
*


m
*
mb.

\
$
<+
m

*

For all that you did in your brilliant past We thank you, but mourn that, misled at last. You sullied the fame of your noble state,
And shadowed your soul with the curse of hate. Base, selfish ambition has made you blind,
Has narrowed your vision and warped your mind. We hope you will learn, when the strife is o’er, That all war is evil, and fight no more;
That hate is a monster, whose fatal breath Bears ever a message of gloom and death;
That love is the highest power man can know To start the divine in his life to grow.
j.mA



V

X;

'Æ


W
V
4

4


\


m
»


—James L. Hughes.
Mm*

)
y.,4
e:
4 uf
/
A
Champs Elysees of Warsaw. It $¦ planted with lime trees and lined with cafes, clubs, concert gardens, and the little tea and cake shops that the people love.
Along these two streets flows the life of the city. The street traffic is considerable and lively, for the cabbies of Warsaw always drive at top speed, with a fine disregard for the condition of the paving. Flower girls crowd the streets and orchestras play in every corner cafe.
Here all afternoon and during the early evening swarm the carriages of the aristocracy, a little dingy perhaps, if they belong to Poles, but sure to be occupied by women of unusual beauty. Gorgeous among the carriages are the Russian equipages, always occupied by officers driven by coachmen in the long black national costume, with a blue scarf around the waist.
WARSAW’S GAY
BOULEVARDS



V

a



J-

the
AMERICA'S ULTIMATUM TO
GERM ANY.
bread in slices, about a third of an inch thick, fry in fat, from which a faint bluish smoke is rising, and when each niece if fried OB (MM ide, turn it With courage and unusual firmness, over and spread th* browned side with America has sent to Germany her last marmalade or jam. When cooked, lift word.
out and sprinkle w ith caster sugar I The note contains the final summing mixed with a little cinnamon.
Tlie picture shown men of the Fonogorljskl Regiment of Moscow In a shallow, hastily constructed trench at the front, awaiting orders to advance. This regiment Is regarded as the best In the Russian army, and Is one of the two Russian regiment# accorded the privilege of marching with rifle* at the “charge.”
SOMETHING ABOUT ITS LIFE AND BEAUTIFUL PARKS.
Commercially, Warsaw Is One of the Most Important Cities of Russian Empire.
up of the position of America’s 100,- K*
Irish Potato Cakes. — Take one 000,000 people to the Imperial Gov- Jj	8
pound of flour, a teaspoonful of bak- eminent of the Kaiser, and admits of è | ARCTIC MAIL S
ing powder and three ounces of drip- no more quibbling from the over seas ÿ	'	5^
ping with a pinch of salt. Work these power. It now rests with Germany j
together, then add one pound of cook- to say whether she desires the con- The mai, servjce to the hinderland ed mealy potatoes and m.x to a stiff .nuance of friendly relations be- of An	although it still leaves
paste with a little lukewarm milk or tween the two governments	much to be d,fllred in the way of
water. Flour a board and roll out The note from Germany, to which larit bag ^proved a great deal cutting into neat squares one inch this is the reply, was studiously flip- ¦ *	’’	A decade aeo there
r. es a .six rs -s ri ri %
a :	it
EF5 Srir: ;- EBHSE-r !
beaten yolk of a raw egg. Cut stale the Hohenzollerns. Pres. Wilson has The next day we pushed off and be- several blue smears, like the oceans Other cities as important as War- This then is Warsaw official!* bread in thin slices, put together in	assured the Kaiser that America will	gan	our long drift down stream, and	on a map, with	a few disjointed words	8aw	have been	the object of the care	simply the chief town of ' the Govern dwiches with a thick filling of the	contend for the principles of inter-	two	or three days later I thought of	between, formed the body of the let-	and	pride both	of their rulers and of	eminent of Warsaw the residence of
paste, then trim off crusts and cut in national law and right espoused, “at the mail, which was no where to be ter from home.	their people. But the rulers of War-1 the Governor-General of the Propieces two by four inches in size. Beat	any cost,” and the American people	seen. An anxious search followed, | On inquiring	at the fort I was told	uw	have had	no pride in her, and	vincee on the Vistula and at present
together two raw eggs and mix with	will stand squarely behind him, and	and	at last, from under a pile of hay	that the block	of ice containing the	her	people have not been permitted	the centre of a large military sva-
a quarter of a cupful of milk, a pinch quickly prepare for the most critical at one end of the raft, we pulled a letters had been placed by the Are, pride. Since the revolution of 1863 tegy. of salt and sufficient sifted flour to ( result whatever that may be. The	soggy, dripping mass—my precious	and as fast as they thawed,	the	let-	nothing	at all has been undertaken,
make a thin batter. Dip each piece	note is void of the customary diplo-	mail sack. The spot had been dry	ters were	one by	one peeled	off	the	for	the	cleanliness or well being of I
n this, then drop in a deep smoking	matic frills, and there is no longer	enough when the sack had been	lump. The gramophone, except for a	the	town,
not fat and fry golden brown. Drain	any possibility of an evasive or ar-	thrown there and inadvertently cov-	spreading	of the	dovetailed	corners
for a moment on soft paper and serve gumentative reply.	ered with hay, but the subsequent of the box, was not injured in the
ipread on a dish; do not heap on one Our case is stated, and there is no- loading had completely submerged least, mother.	thing left to argue about. It is now that end of the raft.
up to the German government to lia- I was advised to tie a rock to the ten to the voice of reason or take the	sack, sink it, and keep “mqm.” What
A cupful of anything means a half-	consequence». She can maintain	1 did do was to put the sack where
peaceful relations with the U S. only	it would drain, and on reaching my
by refraining from murdering Ameri-	journey’s end to open every paper out
can citizens. She can break those re-	to single sheets and dry them. They
lations by returning to the savagery	were very wrinkly, to be sure, and
and cold-bloodedness of her under-	[ the operation used all the floor space
in my friend’s house for some days,
the ice pans jammed and froze into a solid mass.
As soon as it was safe to do so,
Tom and his wife made their way to shore, where he made a cache of the mail packet and the gramophone.
Above the cache he placed a tripod of laughing painted mouth and sombre poles to identify the spot when, later tragic eyes. The citadel of Alexander in the winter, he should pass that in the suburbs on the Vistula was
built in 1832-36 as a punishment for The seventy-five-mile tramp back to the insurrection of 1831. Although it the Crossing was very trying, and has been remodelled from time to Mrs. Carr’s “fctore” shoes were in time, its usefulness under modern con- Commercially Warsaw is one of the shreds when they trailed wearily into ditions is inconsiderable, for its six most important cities in the Russian the settlement Then, late in Febru • forts are all too near Warsaw to give Empire, and one _ that Russia can ary, with his wife in a cariole and ac- the city any protection. Its only use- least afford to lose to its enemy. War-companied by the annual Hudson Bay fulness might be in affording a last **w is the centre of the iron, steel, packet dog-trains. Tom once more set protection to the railroad bridge and engineering works of the na-his face northward. Arrived at the which here crosses the Vistula directly tion, as well as of the leather trades cache, what was his dismay to find dbder its guns.	I sugar refineries,
that, after freezing, the river had
If cities had faces Warsaw would have the mask of a woman with a
way.
butter and serve hot.
But this citadel was the beginning
800 German Factories.
are
Trade In War Time.
Soon after the war broke out, says
_	, .. A , „ , . ...	. | the London Telegraph, a friend called
Warsaw s history, full of battle and ^ an Engij§h merchant, who did a
bloodshed, of capture and recapture, [ iarge Continental business. “This
English and Italian Crop,.	î'XÏÏit in	'
Grain	crops in England	and Italy	people. Like most great European	*Very hard,” said the merchant
| promise	greater yields this	year than	cities, the precise date of its found-	»1>e over $io,000 owing me in Ger-
1 the last	harvest. Forecasts	cabled by	ing is not known. The Duke of Ma-	m and it»B touch-and go whether I
the International Institute of Agricul- *ovla built a castle on the present site #)f#r get s penny 0( it Stil| we»ve ture at Rome, place the Italian wheat as early as the ninth century, but the j t to put up with l0mething for the crop at 189,000,000 bushels, some 20,- city is not mentioned in annals until country ”
000,000 bushels more than last year. 1224.	“I’m glad you take it so cheerfully,”
The prospective wheat crop of Eng- In 1906, Warsaw, always ready and gaid tj,e friend.
land and	Wales Is placed at	63.000,000	willing, fell in line with the general,	«We„ of couree there’s profit and
bushels,	or 3,000,000 more	than last	revolutionary manifestations in Rus-	» in war ttme i owe tiaooo in
year; the barley crop 44,000,000, a 9ia. The resulting reign of terror left (,(,rn ir v decrease of 7,000,000 bushels, and the a blight on the city from which it1 oats crop at 89,000,000 bushels, an In- has not yet recovered, crease of 10,000,000 bushels.	To the ordinary sightseeing trav-
eler Warsaw at Aral acquaintance Doctor-I. your wife strong-minded
seems- justified in it» claim to resemb-	X™ Positively re-
mm m*m
of the peasantry add to the Interest of the observer in the life of the streets.
A Sad History.
Household Hints.
pint
Sugar needs a dry, cool place; so does jam.
Cake tins should be scalded out once a week.
The good housewife utilizes every Reas assaults.	,	.	. I-	-
scrap of food.	We shall see in the sequel what her	but the	six-months-old news	was so
To soften fruit can	rubbers, add	a	action will be, and whether her diplo-	eagerly	devoured by the	setters that
'	macy is sound enough to steer clear	we felt	well repaid.
Green pepper	shells,	stuffed	with	of further complications in arraying	Some	two weeks after	we	left the
the world in hostile attitude against Crossing, a Hudson Bay clerk arrived her.	from Scotland with hie bride, also
bound for Fort Vermilion.
little ammonia to the water.
corn and baked, make a dainty luncheon dish.
»
Unselfi-h
The sea
CHAS. M. BICE.
To keep eggs—To a pint of salt
Daily the freeze-.ip
^mm MMilml hot Tom Carr Additional clasps may be added to | built his little raft and started down
Besides himself and his
son was late.
Denver, July 26, 1916.
add one pint of fresh lime and four gallons of water.
A piece of sandpaper is of the greatest help in removing stains and food from cooking utensils.
To remove a rusty appearance of black siiede shoes, use a mixture of olive oil and ink in equal parts.
Professional Pride.
A quaint story ia told to exemplify the pride that every man should take in the work by which he makes a liv-
the river, wife, their camp outfit and food, their only load was a late packet of letters, brought direct from Edmonton, and a gramophone for the factor. Shore ice had formed, and daily pushed its edge farther into the current pans, varying in size from tea plates
the Victoria Cross for subsequent acts of bravery.
ing.
Two street sweepers, seated on a curbstone, were • discussing a comrade, who had died the day before.
'Bill certainly was a good sweeper,” mail
“Yes,” conceded the other, thought-full
According to Chinese history, the custom of small feet among thg fe Clothes that have been sprinkled males of China originated several cen-wfll not mildew for days, even in [turks back, when a krge body of , if kept away from the fire.
If curtains are allowed to dry thoroughly before being starched, it will be found that they will last clean
self.”
It is a criminal offence In Britain to make use of profane oaths. The following penal In the case of a day laborer, common sefldter, or
The best street In Warsaw is the
I<
Krakowski Pried mi scie, named for Cracow, the cherished cWy of Old Poland, now held by Austria.
men rose ag-inst the government and
tried to overthrow iL To prevent the ! to huge disks fifty feet across, drifted recurrence of suck sn event the use of with the stream. Hourly they grew wooden shoes so small as' to disable in sise, jostling each other, crushing » "ttlc w* them from making any effective use[viciously against th
y be imposed:
don't you think he was und the lamp-posts?”
But
n, la.; any other
n l arn
The Street Ufe. •
on of this boulevard mai iuwska Aleja, which is the,of gentleman, 6s.
person under the degree of
ntle
I

advancing shore
2sr; any person above U
iegree

The co is the Uj
t int
« of thegg
as placed on
At the cl tury a tax
[the curent

fought their way
a day wh

as they
of their feet warn enforced
, sponge with alco-
To clean hoi and ru

on
:
Thi
b over the spot with clean male infanta.
###PAGE###7###
BRITISH METHOD OF EMPIRE-BUILDING
made British before the first month of war was out; Australians captured New Guinea and the Bismarck Archipelago early in September; on October 7th the Japanese seized the Caroline, Solomon and Marshall Islands; while on November 7th a combined force of Japanese Indians captured Kiaochau.
This latest triumph of British is most noteworthy because it is more proof of the wisdom of British methods of colonial government. Fifteen years ago General Botha fighting Britain, and Germany H openly in sympathy with the Boer cause. Yet so wisely, so kindly, and ao tolerantly have the British ruled in Africa since the end of the Transvaal
I BRITAIN GATHERS
FULL STRENGTH
THE LIGHTNING ROD.



Very Questionable Whether It Protects a Buildng.
ïL )V'ïr/
%: ' ¦


Even to-day really few people understand what occurs when there is a flash of lightning, or the part played by the Ightning rod. Some very interesting and valuable information on these matters and on the protective range of lightning rods is given by J. and J. S. B. Larmor in the Proceedings of the Royal Society. Among other things, they say;
“Electric discharge in a gas is a rupture along a line of force, and not over a surface. The initial rup- Britain starts upon the second yeai ture is to be expected at a place of °* the Great War with decided ad-maximum force, and spreads in both vantages over her position of twelve directions along the line of force months ago, writes Ed. L. Keen from
London.




WISDOM OF COLONIAL GOVERNMENT PROVED.
and British-

¦ *
SPENT FIRST YEAR IN CHAOS OF
PREPARATION.
•Mi?
arma

one


Germany Ham Suffered Lome of Almomt
All Her Colonial Poesemmlone.
W
vN
Although She Has lx»*t CocItMurenemi
Ha# By No Means ivOHt Hope.
Y
W
m

was
was
tz
W/vt tir fi
"MK,y y. '


, , ^ . -, / _


Nothing in the actual war news of recent date was so significant as the confirmed report of the surrender of w all the German forces under arms in * Hr w*lcn the crisis came last
German South-West Africa to General *uguet' General Botha and most of
his race did not hesitate in their
choice between Britain and their

• 4


am


/
through that point. In the case of a lightning rod the discharge would ' She has command of tin #, She start at the summit of the rod, the bas an army> trained and in training, place of most intense strain and °f nearly 3,000,000 men. Her “expe-strike away from the rod. Once a ditionary force” in France is now firm line of disruptive discharge is es- intrenched in a position regarded tablished the neighborhood of a light- 88 impregnable, even if the prospects ning rod can have little effect, and a °f making a successful general offen-eimple mathematical investigation 8*ve movement are not immediate shows that a thin isolated rod will Her airmen have established beyond draw the discharge hardly at all less in the region around its summit, ' daring over those of the enemy. She and that the modification in the field is building a great aerial fleet. She due to a thin rod is negligable along has at Iast begun with all the reits sides unless close to it.	; sources at her command, material and
“It is the building carrying the rod human, to manufacture a preponder-which modifies the field and directs ating Quantity of arms and ammuni-discharge to its own upper parts, ' t*on the right sort. She has back which, therefore, need protection by her a united nation and a united conductors adequate to draw off this empire. discharge to earth, and vertical rods, joining together, if need be, lower down, but rising from the corners of j the structure to a height which need not exceed about half its breadth, will .
lift up the field of concentrated elec- ! been a year of readjustment. Liberals
and Conservative?, Radicals
Botha, Commander of the Forces of the Union of South Africa. By the . , .	, _ .
supplementary term, of surrender, %	Orï? BriWn wîthsuch"
zeal that they first put down a rebellion by a minority of their fellow-colonists, and then turned to the direct attack on the Teutonic forces in Africa.
The action of Botha’s men, like the action of the Canadians at Ypres, and like the conduct of the Australians on the Gallipoli Peninsula, is a vindi-i " I cation of British methods of empire-m building.
f
/'
art-
signed by the Imperial Governor of German South-West Africa, the entire property of the Colonial Government, as well Its all military forces and all munitions of war in the colony, are ceded
Africa, says The Outlook York).
General Botha's campaign has been one of the most remarkable in the entire war. Despite a rebellion his own forces, which he had first to subdue, he travelled almost 1,200 miles, most of the way through a practically waterless desert swept by
blinding sand storms, won three ’Men Under Fire Assume . Hard, pitched battles, captured eleven important towns, and finally rounded up the Germans as a collie rounds up sheep, forcing them to surrender in a writer in the Vossische Zeitung, has body, and thus obviating a prolonge- learned the are of frequently diagnos-ticn of the struggle by guerilla meth-, disease from the appearance of a
person's countenance. In this connect tion Dr. Max Lowy, chief medical adviser in the Sixth Austrian Land-sturm regiment, has made an interesting study of human physiognomy



i
ii
to the Union of South
(New
A"

\
ati


mm


question their superiority in skill and
un-
w


4

THE “CANNON FACE."

~r
I
Foreboding Look.
Trouble* Gone.

?.
7m
Medical science, according to a
Now most of these troubles have disappeared. Some of them remained longer than others, it is true. It has
ft


4 to Z

ods.

w
-
and
trie force from the region directly „ .	...
above the building to the region above Tor,e8 now sleeP m the samc bed. So their summits, and will so take the faur. as the Insh disaffection, upon discharge. The rods may rise from v?h,c1h the Kalser counted so fondly-an earth-connected network spread than*s to the lark °f understanding over the roof, but unless the meshes ,,n ,h® of h,s emissaries—is con-are fine enough to approximate to a c®r|Jed» *bat vanished almost over
complete metallic covering it is ques- night‘ Tt was a short way from TiP" tionable whether it would in itself pro- p®rary* Sir Edward Carson, whom
After the German army has for months been employing the devilish tect a building from a discharge !.!*'y wfre abo.u* to up ,a th®
torture of asphyxiating gas upon our troops—an outrage which it alone striking down upon it	I rTV** n-°W Attorney General of
devised and inaugurated—a German illustrated paper has had the effron- “A 8Pread of connected metallic Créât Britain, and John Redmond tery to publish the illustration reproduced above with the description quot- Points some height above the build- (ould 1,0 ,n the CabinH if he wanted ed above:	‘Protection against English gas-bombs”! Against this it is ; W would appear to be more effective *?* °ne hundred and twenty-five
not inoppropriate to quote, by way of example, from a report by Sir John and might even by themselves suffice thousand Irishmen have joined the French regarding recent operations near Hooge: “As a result of the to take UP and guide away any likely ,T,ng 8
fighting in this neighborhood during the week we have captured 213 pri-! stroke- In fact if we neglect the dis- rAn^,st ,	J 1
soners, including 2 officers, and have taken 3 machine guns and a full gas- charge from the rods into the field *!	!. of tbe fitter—instead
cylinder.” It is true that Lord Kitchener recently indicated that some j the!r effect « merely to provide the french,ng Ireland with each others form of retaliation against the German poison-gases would be necessary to ea8,e8t and most probable path for |d< ,, are figh*in* Slde l,y 8,de under the allies’ troops from being placed at an unjustifiable disadvantage, ' 8Uch discharge as may be attracted	num	Jack.
“if we take-no steps to meet on his own ground the enemy who is re- by the structure. The discharge from ( anada heard the ca 1 to arms and sponsible for the introduction of this pernicious practice.” On the same the Pointed extremities of the rods Responded at once with 33,000 men
occasion Lord Kitchener said: “The enemy (near Ypres) employed vast adds’ of course, to the protective ef- .to whom % had been addlng regular-quantities of poisonous gases in defiance of the recognized rules of war fect by 8,ow,y but continuously re- y 8l,nce* They or rather ,what is Ief* and of their pledged word. Our soldiers and our French allies were ut-! ducing the 8train in their neighbor-!, them-are serving in the trenches
terly unprepared for this diabolical method of attack, which had undoubt- hood» and» therefore, the liability to aong ,.with G,h^kas„ fr.om1 India edly been long and carefully prepared by the enemv ”	! disruptive discharge.”	I Australians and New Zealanders to*
get her with Welshmen and Scotsmen
are engaged in the Dardanelles in one of the most valorous campaigns in
General Botha’s victory releases much of his contingent for service on the Continent or at the Dardanelles.
Of all the overseas possessions which she had a year ago Germany now re- J before and after a battle, and his obtains only Kamerun and a part of nervation of what he terms the “can-German East Africa. British, French non face” is attracting considerable and native forces are now operating attention, against these territories, and it is “After being for days under fire probably only a question of time be- from the enemy’s artillery,” says Dr. fore they too will be lopped from the! Eowy, “without being ourselves in ac-German Empire.	tion—simply waiting under orders—
At the beginning of the war Ger- the faces of the men gradually assum-many had the following colonies and a hard, foreboding look. It was as protectorates:—	if the sorrows of the whole world were
depicted in the pale faces of the men. Area in Popu- “The bombardment of our position sq. miles, lation. began with the dawn, continued 33,700 1,000,000 throughout the whole morning, and
190.000	3,600,000 even during our meagre luncheon the
322,460	200,000 shells ’spat in our very soup/ All af-
364.000	7,000,000 ternoon there was no rest, and often
-----------------far into the night we were harassed.
910,150 11,700,000 It was then that I observed the peculiar pallor'of the face and the hard lines forming under the eyes and
70.000	110,000 around the mouth. The appearance of
the countenance resembled very much
20.000	188,000 that of a paranoiac.”
Dr. Lowy, who has the chair of doc-
# 800	41,600 tor of medicine in the Prague Uni-
4,200	46,000 vereity, adds that he has observed
160	16,000 this “cannon face” even among the
985	33,000 tried veterans of the German army.'
-----------------He says it is so distinctive that he can
96,146	432,600 tell at once by the face of a soldier!
whether he has been under heavy ar-l 117	60,000 tillery fire.	I
%

4r,i
f 1
> A.
M
Addinif Insult to Injury !—A Lying German Photographer.
army. Nationalists and 75,000 of the former and
of
Africa. Togoland . . Kamerun . . S.-W. Africa East Africa
save
• • • •
Total...........
Pacific.
German New
Guinea..........
Bismarck Archipelago . -........
Caroline Islands,
\
HEAVENLY VEAL.
UNIQUE FEATURE
OF THE WAR
made the greatest impression upon	__
the public mind, of course, have been French Soldiers Enjoy a Luxury in *he history of warfare. The sporadic the. attacks by German submarines	the Trench™	uprising in South Africa has been
on merchant ships. Out of the many	suppressed, and the great mass of
hundreds of ships which go to and Tl?e lowing is part of a letter Boers against whom England conduct from British ports every week the received from a French officer:— ed her unrighteous war 15 years ago, German submarines have taken a toll " e bave been lying here—by no with General Botha at their head, have averaging eight or ten.	means resting—for weeks and weeks, conquered German Southwest Africa
“While it has resulted in consider- The benches approach very closely; for England. Labor and capital have able loss of life among non-combat- one can hear the enemy’s commands, joined their forces in the conflict, ants, including American citizens, but WO€ to the head that shows itself this submarine warfare against mer- above ground. “Under cover!” is the ,
chant shipping has had little or no ef- constant reminder we are cave dwell- There has been much talk of feet upon the war as a whole.	ers ot	the twentieth century. In some	«cnption of	late, both military and
“The Allies have stopped all Ger-	places	hardly fifty metres separate us	industrial. The leaders of the natior
man and Austrian trade on the sea	fr?m the	enemy. Although we call	shl1 believe England can win without
A high naval	authority at Washing-	and are more and more confining them space	the neutral zone, neutrality	either, and, if the recent response oi
ton has given the following summary within their own boundaries. It is *s constantly violated by whistling .e manhood of the country is any of the first year’s achievements of the for this reason that we believe that bullets, so that safety cannot be look- criterion, they are right. But they European	belligerents	on	the sea:	the greatest single achievement	of	?d *°fe	And yet» would you believe it,	a**e Prepared	for conscription, if that
“The most	important	accomplish- the war has been the banishing	of	in this	forbidden area we noticed the	fhouM prove	to be the only solution,
ment of the war up to date has been the. German flag from the seas and other evening an adventurous intrud- The national register scheme looks the banishing of the	German	flag	confining Germany and Austria with-	er* W*th	stately deliberation, inno-	lt were a step *n that direction. The
from the seven	seas.	Germany	had	*n their own boundaries."	cent of any fear, strolled a good sized	machinery fur conscription is to be
the greatest investment of any coun	-	*______ calf. Escaped from somewhere, he created, but only to be utilized in the
rn ,hWn< ""obs !lh,,to"v-
Jrrva-sar-jswh- ......................................-	=ynsFzrz s
great investment has been ruined, and	_ „	y*	in* «P bundles of hay as bait. Mas- struggle may be long and desperate^
####
plishments of the war afloat have not Alfred never allowed the cakes to andthe b°Id fourfooter paid the price, a g,jod start toward that goal. \\ it! been at all decisive.	burn, nor ventured Into the Danish The corpse lies between the hostile houn',,f1ss resources of the British
“Aside from the spectacular at- camp dis8:ulsed as a minstrel.	lines, sharply guarded from each K™p,re Rt,IJ to dr;aw upon, England
tempt of the British and French fleets ^ Fa,r Rc*amond was not poisoned by side. Who would be foolhardy enough I bel,eves ultimate victory for the Allies
aSTs/sre « j sSS1 ;; ¦ r -
ST STAîW £! S SP- —==i "'CL
Charles Kingsley gave up hie chair ,, n,gbt watch and relaxing, our
The Various I	ot modern history at Oxford because gamm' the youngest in the com
*	..	.	4	„	.... said he considered history “largeJy pan>* ond a wakeful daredevil, had
ithie ?kfigllrn8 *vallabl.€’ a JJ?”	obtained a rope, cautiously crawled to	How to Keep Cool,
the total loss to the belligerents in < hemlets have proved that vinegar the carcass, fastened the line and re „ .	.
Italy, four, and Japan, three. Eng aacre of 8t. Bartholomew	That day our rations—we do get	aail for Iceland by the northern
land has lost eight battleships; The siege of Troy Is largely a myth tired of the field kitchen cooking-	and *P*nd the summer cu one
France, one; and Turkey, one. Ger- even according to Homer's own ac- was enriched With roast veal. With ot ,fs * lasers, or many has not lost m single battleship, count Helen muet have been sixty the general “rim” over the successful , °* ,a ,pec!l'c,r- wllh a réfrigérât
SJS?££r£S5 5rÆ|K’’“ **“	S2
many are credited with having lost The number of Xerxes' army has	_____+____ n ? bungalow Just above of
........
to 2,000,000 men, serose the English , had never med* the famous to rocs *TTw! “°P‘
Chsnnel, together with ell of the sup-1 Hon to Louie XVI. on the scsffoU .1" ; _vP Wm* ? "mart rou"« es- "Annie Laurie bat topical Interest piles of war munitions required for "8o“ 8t Louie, sol end to heaven." ,l,Unt who wanted to have a joke Just now. since, eoocrdtn* to the geo
JESS £ £££*„ TSZ	rrsr.
^	"""" "* ¦ ¦*-: sr fi* wisar “a" **
tacked by a	^	•	p ,"M*
V.-4
\
etc
Solomon Islands Marshall .
Samoan Islands •
• a
• •••••
Total . Asia.
Kiaochau .
GERMAN FLAG BANISHED FROM
THE SEAS.
Total .
1,006,412 12,192,600
And many an otherwise good man | ' is not on speaking terms with his Togoland and German Samoa were own conscience half the time.
• ••••••
Conscription Doubtful.
Britannia Has Shown That She Rules the Waves, Says American
Expert.
con
o
v ;


o
«

J


Z
4
I

»
7
\
continues.
If it is to t>e a war of exhaustion, she says, then the odds are in favot of England and her Allies.
+
ICE CREAM BRICKS
Ice cream frozen In box to serre live or six—is a method of shipping that the City Dairy has developed until discriminai- /
nough in each box
A pall ed shopped Ice and a tittle salt will enable
j
Author of "Ann*# Laurie."

m



TORONTO.
Annie* did
rry her ardent lover. Home my
f
not
“He'* wantin' it at once, and this
Douglas
If the
We went en Agent In
which have!

The

###PAGE###8###
Tie Shawville Bool and Sloe Store
THE 1915 CENTRAL CANADA
EXHIBITION
$25,0001 OTTAWA
New Styles
Harvest Mitts
EXHIBITS
FROM HOME
IN PRIZES
10,000
FARM AND
A nice assortment of the latest styles in
September 10-18
FACTORY
Men’s and Youths’ Hats
DISPLAYS
Don't forget the old reliable place where you always get good values for your money in Harvest Mitts and
Gloves.
THIS FAIR HAS A NEW $5,000 DOMINION GRANT
at reasonable prices.
all added to utility classes of horses, cattle, sheep, swine and poultry
on live stock exhibits from Ontario and Quebec. Horse Races, Baseball Matches, Band Music, Live Stock Parades. Day Fireworks, Colossal Midway ; starting and ending on the grounds. William S. Lvckky. famous American aviator, in daily
FREIGHT PAID
Something new and up-to date in
/
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
AEROPLANE FLIGHTS I NIGHT SHOWS
will be found at
Presenting the eighth wonder ofthk world 44 THE BIRTH OF A NATION ’’
tSnflith's Stui»emU)tu» $500,000 Motion Picture. Powerful Drama Linking History of American Civil War to Romance. Marvellous display by the International Fireworks Co
E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
« »
Reduced railway rates. General admission 85c. 0 for #1. tickets on sale in advance. Grand stand teats reduced. Entries close Sept. 3rd. Write for Prize List, entry forms, programme, dollar ticket strips,
information to
26 Sparks St., Ottawa.
E. McMAHOfrl, Mgr
Just Received !
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will bo supplied at about old price.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
CANADIAN PACIFIC BY.
P. E. SMILEY.
Estimates furnished
Supplied as customers may require
HARVESTERS
EXCURSIONS August19th and 26th, 1915
To WINNIPEG
*12
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand
The simple gift that lends the touch | Misses Ediui and Ltuy Graham an of friendship without the embarrass- camping at Norway Jtay. nient of an obligation—y our photograph.	Mr. and Mrs. Philip Kerr of t >ttawn
A ariou> styles ot folders and mountings. alv visiting Mrs. Wm. Drummond.
H. Imwox, Artist, King St. Mra. IX V. MeMartin of Ottawa i,
North Bay. Ont.. Aug. 13 Com-	Ml> Muy M'Vr",li,‘ 1,1
missioner Lee is the authority' for 1 K * l| the statement that a big gold Mr.ami Mrs. Levi Y« strike has been discovered at Mile- Kails are visiting relatives lien age 153 on the Temiseaming and Northern Ontario Railway whole township of Pecaud has been staked out, and the rush of l>ros|lectors is increasing daily.
GEO. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
From all Stations In the Provinces of Ontario and Quebec. Kingston, Sharbot Lake, Renfrew and East.
No exchange of cars between the Hast and the Canadian
West.
For information apply to nearest Can. Pac. Agenfcor to E, J. Hebert, 1st v~i. i.. P. A.. Montreal.
?
e>

Sunt
ng
Shawville Fair
r
Lr
Mi-
\ tin ie M 1'ending a few day
has been
The
wu
Mrs. William M.vM
*nd Why
Donald of Quvliec are visiting at Rev ,î. A. Mai-Far lane's.
WED. THURS. FRI.
September 8, 9, 10, 1915

Mi's Alice Fraser of Arnprior D visiting her sister Mrs. Geo. Voxhill.
Marriage at Austin
k place at the home of Mr. and Mrs. James Morrison,
August 11th, when their eldest «laughter. Ellen Maker, was united in matrimony, to Mr. John Cunningham, «»t Starks Corners, by the Mev. Mr. Me Calltun.	9 t
The bride, who was given away by , her father, was Gantifully attired in a costume of navy blue silk, and carried a bouquet of pink carnation*. She wore the groom's gift—a gold locket and t ha in.
The wedding march was nicely rendered by Mrs. Wilbur Horner, sister « the bride.
After the ceremony, a sumptuous re-1 Tenders will L* received for the work past was served to the number o* sixty [of earetaking in the Shawville Academy
for the scholastic year 1915-16. Duties Many gifts were received, showing I to commence S»pt. 1st. Tender to state the high esteem in which both are held, salary expected \ter year. For further In the evening the bride ami groom particulars as to duties required, etc.,
along wit h a numWr of young folk drove Lpply at the office of the Secretary.	, ADnMT ClAU
to their future home where a very en- Tenders must 1*e in the hands of the I HE KNEW ALL AtJUU I olAIVl. joyable time was spent until a late hour Sec.-Treasurer on or I afore Thursday, when all the guests returned to their [the 26th day of August, 1915 homes, wishing them a happy and pros pen»us journey through life.—Com.
r
M
V1
tit

! We are ready for Your
Tenders for Hardwood
Spring and Summer Trade
Tenders will Is* received up to Tlntrs day, the 26th of August, 1915, for tei .*«• r< 1 s of block body Hardwood maple and birch, to lie delivered at the Shawville Academy on or before Sept. 3R
¦ e
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
Sheeting
E. T. HUDGINS
See.-Tr
PRICES REASONABLE
' Tenders for Caretaking
Œ. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
HOBBERLIN
FALL
friends ami well wisher*
JAPANESE BAIT DIGGERS.
Xs Many Women a# Men Work at the Disease Breeding Trade.
Had Even Heard of the Famous Twirfe From That Country.
An extraordinary occupation that many of the very poor follow In Japan a that of the csatorl, or bait catcher, who spends his days gathering angleworms. We say "his," continues the Account In the Japan Magazine, but :ho bait diggers arc as often women as nen. The Japanese angleworm Is not aken from the soil, as Is the case In Accidental countries, but from the black nud of the rivers and canals.
Tokyo Is a great place for this call-The city has numerous streams P rotation of our treaties with oriental ^	connected with tidewater,
countries. This particular case Is one of the most Important we now have in the orient You have received strong Indorsements from the Pacific coast ns consul general to Yokohama, but the office was filled when your recommendations arrived. Will you accept the position as minister to Slam? But
K. T. HUDGINS,
and
Sec.-Treaa. I One day President Cleveland sent for
John Barrett, now director of the bureau of American republics, and said:
“Mr. Barrett, I am looking for some young man who Is not afraid of hard Fenders w ill be received up till two work and who wants to make a repu-1 he Presbyterian congregation of the o'clock, p. m., of the 2l<t instant, foi tatlou for himself, to go as minister to Prick Church, Bristol, held their anni- the sweeping and dusting daily, tiring Slam to settle the claim of Dr. M. A. versary services, 1 uesday, August 1st. when needed, and scrubbing at least Cheek Involving several million dol-Pev. J, A. Macfarlanv of Bristol took four times during school year, of tin* lors, and also Involving some delicate charge of the morning and evening ser- fourteen School* of the Mimivi|iality of matters in connection with the Intervices. The soloists were : Mrs. David Clarendon Bingham of Powaason, Ont., daughter of the Rev. D. J. Craig, Bristol, and Miss Mary Ballantyne, daughter of Rev.
Geo. Ballantyne, Beechgrove.
On Monday evening the anniversary social, was held, and was a decided success.
BRISTOL
Caretakers Wanted
WINTER
SAMPLES
(Left over from last issue)
ng
M. A. M« KIN LEV,
A**st. Sec.-Trea*
ind as soon as the tide begins to ebb rou can see women with their baskets ind their mud forks climbing down die stone facings of the canals, plung-ng their legs into the deep mud and picking up the wriggling red angleworms that they dig out of the mud.
These worms are a somewhat different species from the earthworm. They ire slightly stouter, with jointed bodes and peculiar mustached mouths. The receptacles for the captured worms ire baskets or tubs with covers that •ontain small square openings through jrhich the women drop the worms as hey pick them up. As soon as the Milt baskets or tubs are full the wo-nen take them to the shop and sell diem. The bait shop deals In bait only, ind from these establishments the fish-•mien buy worms for their hooka
The amount that the angleworm mtebers can make dally Is very small, 30t more than 40 sen for each worker, ?nit It helps ont In the household exin the summer weather the work is not hard, although It Is certainly hot with the son treating down ro the stooping form and reflected •rora the wet mod and water In the voider weather, however. It Is more trying, for the halt catcher has to itnn<l for hours In the freezing mod.
that are the reenlt of their aal’lng are frequent among the halt iroisien. especially beriberi and dropsy. Hie Jape
the meet miserable way of getting a iring known te mortal man.
Shawville, August 6, 1915
now to hand and ready for your
Inspection.
May we expect a call from you soon, as we have a bigger and better range than ever.
CANADIAN
PACIFIC
The member* of the Bristol ami Elm-	___	I
side Homemaker flubs, held a picnic	RAIIjWAY fîO I Grab what do you know about Slam
meeting at Rev. D. J. Craig s Cottage,	* Mr. Barrett couldn't remember wheth-
Ha mil ton's Buy, on Thursday afternoon.	HOMESEEKERS EXCURSION er Slam was In Asia or Africa, but a
fp a ss	I "	—
and there was c,),„i,leral,le diwuwion vf Augllst| September hii.I October, different plana for raiMing money. Jlw Return limit two month* from J. N. Armstrong read a splendid paper ,iate of sale.
«•il the Conservation of Our Frees. For furtj,er particular* apply to Miss Armstrong could not have chosen | Can. Pac. By. Agent.
E. J. HEBERT. l*t A*st. lienl. Psgr. Agent. |
Montreal, Que


about 81am."
“Well, what do you know about Sinmr sold Mr. Cleveland.
Mr. Barrett was stumped for a second. and then said. “Why, Slam Is the country that produced the famous Siamese twins."
Mr. Cleveland, with a twinkle In bla eye, arose gravely and said, as be shook bands with Mr. Barrett:	Mr.
Barrett, I am happy, Indeed, to get hold of a man with such profound knowledge and abundant Information
McINTOSH RED APPLE TREES!8-^ A. a matter or r.ct. I .m
glad you know nothing about It, as you will not be prejudiced one way or
We oïfar"ïor"ïhê"«ëw<on om5T% and mirt|tbe other In reg.nl to the question. * splen lid list of hardy varieties suitable | to be settled there." for Quebec planting

any

n mort* effective netting or opjxutune time for the reading of that paper. The meeting was followed by a social hour in which the women of the club ably demonstrated their ability a* homemakers, in providing many delicious dainties.
Mr. Robt Ballantyne and daughter Mias Ruby, of Ottawa are guest* of Mi -bis Ballantyne.
%

ARCHIE DOVER
AGENTS WANTED
—TO SELL—
Mi*** Mary and Hazel Ballantym- and other «peclaltlea In general Krult returned to Beeehgrove, Saturday after-1 and Ornamental Nursery Stork^^^^_
noon, after spending a week at Mr*.
Jat Ballantyne x
Mra. C. Copeland and two children of IroueoU, Ont, have lieen visiting her
inotner, ¦BBHHHÉVHI
month. They return home this week
Mr. Barrett went to Slam, where be stayed for four years. At the time of bis appointment be was twenty-six years old and was the youngest minister plenipotentiary that the United bad ever appointed.—Portland
Liberal commissions. Exclusive terri. Handsome free outfit Write for particulars.
STONE AND WELLINGTON.
Fonthill Nurseries.) , (Established 1817).
Dlsea
Mrs. Ilona Id Duff for the ;**t tor? •ntn. llivy r* turn horn»* tin- tirk. 'ful* Miss Gladys Graham ha*.gone to Pembroke for a week * visit with Miss Macdogtld
regard Intt digging as
8tat
Journal.
Je
TORONTO
ONTARIO


