###PAGE###1###


Z
?
*
No. 4ti, 32nd Year
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
MAY 0,	1915
$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
a
9
The Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank
Of Canada.
THE HARDWARE STORE
t
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
Capital Paid Up Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
Quality
ESTA HUSHED 1804
$ 4,000,000 4,678,290 60,000,000
Paid up Capital $7,000,000 Total Assets over Elghty.three Millions of Dollars.
President
Vlce-Prea. — K. W. Blackwell
Reserve Fund $7,248,134
A man likes to feel that the Merchandise he buys consists of the best standard articles, with an honest reputation. Pride of possession is strong in any line of goods, therefore we endeavor to supply our custome with the very best the, manufacturing worl produces:
Sir. II. Montague Allan.
Gen. Manager — E. F. Hkbdex
Board of Directors :
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
JOHN B. FRASER
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank Account
Vice-President
3
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
DAVID MACLARBN,
DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY B. C. W8JTNBY.
May be operated as a Joint Acct. Incurs no expense nor formality Is a most decided business asset Insures money for investment.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
D. M. FINNIB, Asst-General Manager W. DÜTHIB, Chief Inspector.
Service
Shawville Branch i Quyon Branch j
W. F. DRUM, Acting Mgr.
We are always anxious to give our customers the very best service, prompt and intelligent.
Any failure in this respect should be promptly reported for correction.
When you are thinking of PAINT please remember that we are agents for the
well-known SHERWIN WILLIAMS ^ There is none better, a Paint for every purpose.
Fort Coulonge Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch - R. LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
“Business as Usual”
HENRY’S
For thf ' LaDIits New Mid-1 A house is not complete without Hummer Hats. See* sume of the a Vktrola. Get your s now. High- has made the attendance at the
now things now on display at our class music oil sale. Rally E 1	1	1
Millinery Department.	- Horner, Russell House, Shaw
W. A. IloixiiNH. ville.
COWLING
Ottawa, Ont.
The Director- of the C. P. A 8.	ds-dcawat mvwtiaw	,	_	_
No. 1 are arranging to have a pub-	i'ERSONAIa BIEN HUN	OT TAWA,0NT.	'	“ I Will study and prepare myself, and
lie celebration on the shawville	. , ,	some «lay my chance will come."—Lincoln.
Fair Grounds on June 3rd — the Mrs. M. Fyfe, of Ottawa, is visit- tue best in the history. Why not take That the times will he exceedingly good
ilBiasE S55S-» =	ISEfS
,f‘p0rt '«vUWWUt Mrs. (Dr.) Himlnmn of Bryson Write for Free Cat,io«u. an enjoyable t pne.	visited Sim w ville relatives for a | H. G. W. Braithwait, W. E.Gowmno
a few clays last week
J. H. SHAW.


D. E. HENRY. President. Cor. Hank and Sparks Sts
Prin
Prin
###=w-A' HODGINS
at lcnet e partial list of theowuers mother, Mrs. C. Morrison, in town. Bring along your pictures end have	QTT A ’\X7'T7TT T "FT!
""	u«— C„rri««n. (Ml	«£. ‘SJSXg “g	t'.LIÜ 11	Otl A W V li-iJ-lJl
Walsh, Norris and Nellis Hudgins, The lient of the past week, which students of Macdonald College, re- registered very close to the HU s on turned home last week.	Sunday mid Monday
,	rum ». vegetation to an extent seldom
Mr. Kenneth, son of H. T. Me- seen this early in the season.
.	. Dowell is home from Toronto,
1die horses present were not where he has been attending the The increasing industrial use of judged and awarded prizes, hilt Dental College for the past six wood alcohol has created coudi-the farmers present were given an months.	tions of earless ness in the handling
ilFBs Sssgsi IlipSS
At 2.00 p. m. at the request of leave very shortly now.
apjsa ssbssns =|sbss ~	«
Hreeding.	I	---?---	thousands of people will be using
tions during the course of his >	€	great chance to increase her reremarks, ana thus enable him to The excavation work for the potation for good cheese._
be of more service to them.	basement of the proposed public
At the outset Dr. Sinclair show- building was resumed on Monday.
cd why the breeding of a suitable	, .	.	..	s Names of McGill Vnivemty HORSES FOR SALE-We hare 36
tyi>e of horses for the market , * ,, ¦çuaeuw attending Mac- Students who are going to the horse* for sale cheap. On account of no should be quite profitable, and ex- dona Id College from this section front with No. 3 General Hospital, work in the city, we will sacrifice every pressed it as his belief that we are lived home last week.	ap|ieared in Montreal papers last honK’* Healey Cartage to., Ottawa.
likely to see a higher market for The Liberals of North Renfrew week in connection with the con--
horses in the near future than lie have selected James F Munro as furring of degrees by Principal FOR SALE-Road Cart, in goo<i comf1 had witnessed for some years past, their candidate for the next 1 «teraon. Among those so honor- tion -newly painted- Apply to Geo
One reason given for this w’as that Dominion election.	ed in whom our readers will be Prendkhgast.
a great number of horses were be- .. T	.	.	.	, particularly interested, are the	--—-
mmi=fEiia
an advantage even if the entire Messrs. Win. Fobs Sc Son, mer- P".Rt ^l,iimer assisted Mr. J. K. Gods, Uriatoi, Que. communities were noted for a chants of Ladysmith, who have a king in his demonstration work --
sa? ss 1S5XSKTO w rsass teüs & as-ffise».* ^.^t-snssrs sxs
selected to suit the requirements have recently purchased a heavy was conferred oil these young men. McDowell, Shaw ville. Que. ot the market.	motor truck for the purpose.	-- —-------------------—
¦*S8B5Sa3ss ass:- à ssartss	ir SS3SS
breeding defective animals.	Manson McDowell and James D. I Texas, wm recorded in out last :ioth-pain* no kin. Also a quantity of
While the breeding and selecting Horner, of Shawville, are among issue, arrived at Campbells Bay on good oats. H, T. McDowell. Shaw.
mended in the feed of any live in the office of R. W Hod- l*ie bereaved relatives.	a|	ner M- and up
htock.	Jfen?“	ahY*	—------	Alao Lath**, Dry Lumber, Clapboard*
sSisfiSSSSÊK raaB SSS;	-
ness in connection with horse *»*«•	and were conveyed to the home of
breeding were explained.	The Bristol Homemakers' Club her bereaved parents in Thorne —
The farmer* present showed * will meet at the home of Mre. Mr. and Mr*. David Angus. Mi < deep interest in the •P®*ker s re- (Re#.) Jamea Macfarlane on Thurs- Angus died in the hospital on
marks and took advantage of the I day, May Ml, at 2 p. m. Pro- flundny, as the result of getting_i"j__ .¦ j»   —
opportunity anorded to ask himlgrmm; >j»he Constellations, by severely burned some days pre-
many questions with jn reference Ifi^p A. Macfarlane. Roll call A vioualy, while attending to a gas Major-General Hughes has an to the treatment or the young quotation from any author re- stove in a house where she was nonneed that the third and fourth fo il as well as certain Doubles I Uting to the Stars.	employed iu Ottawa, her clothing contingent* would be mobilized at
ssr¥c,gss?ss‘£s m, j. k. Km,. U., w	•fc—
at home iu dealing with many of been busy in connection with the 14mce, and everything possible done A memorial service in comtuem-the troubles that the farmers in local wool crop, giving demon-1 for her relief, the shock to her oration of Canada * fallen heroes, this district have brought to bis «Dations in shearing, etc., in system-naturally delicate - was was held on Parliament Hill on notice. This is his second address different parU of the county. The too great, and ahe suecombed after Thursday morning laat Rev. Dr. at Bhawville on an occasion of method he recommends for pre-laperiod erf much enfferinf. Much Herridge was the preacher. Over this kind, and the hor^mon seem- paring wool for the market, le sympathy i* felt for the family 2000 soldier* in uniform and severed to appreciate his remarks very somewhat of a revolution as com- ,mdei the particularly sad circum- al thousand citizens were in atten-amch.	j pared with the old way.	I stances.	dance	¦ a a
The Spring Stallion Show
Wm. Hodgins, Jo4 Kilgour, W J. Horner (2), Thon McDowell, W J. Stark, Jos Dolan, John Horner Sam Horner, Jaa. Little, N. R Brownlee, Sam Hamilton, J. A Ren nick.
A* i Willis Graduate you can always boosted point with pride to your training school.
As
earner you will find yourself trained to the minute—thoroughness count-.
Send for catalogue.
WILLIS COLLEGE,
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Rank and Albert Sts
OTTAWA, ONT.
CORN
À
GIRL WANTED—To do general house work. Apply to Mrs. G. A. Howard Shaw ville.
ie war
Genuine Seed Corn.
FOR SALE—A quantity of good Barley —fit for seed. Apply to Mrs. William Findlay. McKee 1\ O.
We aim to supply our customers with the very best seed obtainable. For years we have pinned our faith to
Rennie’s Seeds.
Their Seed Corn has always proven reliable. Last year the seed supplied by us produced the largest and best crops in this locality ; and we believe the same thing will occur in 1915.
as
$1.75
Longfellow Compton’s Learning .
Longfellow, on the cob, 1.85
When you want the best value for your
. money In ..
1.75
SHINGLES
1.35
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 455
Aruprior, Ont
W. A. HODGINS

###PAGE###2###



were the mad. puwlonate. womhtpful kUFV» that a man glftw to the woman he adore*.
But^Mn? Dunraren was thoroughly eon-
wk
"Where 1» your «liter?"
"Oh. Muriel P She • gone out shopping.
mmmmms
of him; here ami there in some fwnoy et*- V^t-jonees with * ' *
mSh^r:,ï,»e lirte ï-îlîr	t'%;in 1 way
*¦11811 !&£• muet fi,,d "* l,rr ,«<hJV« J.nri?7	tto < r ...
flito.il that spread from her husband ¦ throat to brow, lie wae a man who eel-dom lost hie self-control, but 4o have life life he could think of no words in which ll£p|u,]r^M
After all. suppose Lloyd should fall In | worker, love with ailea. what then? Might it not |	the military lioapital in Calais
the "mi ns ihî'tad 7iv7Ü‘t. "iiTra"' Mt*ht I Prof Giwmxmtprez of Lille Uni-
she not have confounded a profound gra- versify has meived imtvh nrui.-Sfl
lu«%i!hei”»"0n °' "" ‘mi’ "* I for tl«- treelromt employed by hi lie glanced toward her swiftly, and for not A new one, but one which has the first time in his life a wild, passion- |l(N>n xvry successful ate jealousy tore hie heart.	.	•	tut*	. • w	,,
She wan not looking at him. but at a Ins treatment of after fttlffncSA
eut-gla** bottle she had picked up from	the healing in going on aiwf
the table; but he nheerved that *he. too •	n
hud flushed painfully.
Still he did not reply to his wifes que# | net IQ tion; and thinkin** she had offended him for her uncomldered remark, she hastened to cover her error.
33
“My husband is mlway# bringing me some beautiful new thing which I do not need, and which is re all oh, he ie so good to me! u a man on earth eo good am Leslie. You muet not laugh at me. Aiba. will you?" wistfully. My sister will not listen to me talking of him, but I muet. Home day. when you love some one very dearly you will understand how absolutely necee eary it Is to talk to some one else of him.



atwurd; but
These Buildings/ .	,4^
are Painted I
Th
BENSON’S
Com Starch
Ses
ere was never
3
bmSiS
iBflfintff
1
' with \ z
MARTUfSENOt’Rl ll v PAINT
r<l

In the famous

m
u u
Yellow Package

• «
n
Aik*
con*
Li

ÜVtLVH
Barns at th k Ontario
Auricvltvral Colle oe
UttWIt.
Don’t ask
mere-
tel lyfor'corn starch* î I or even for 'the best starch', but insist on

FARMERS
W.T.
seal
mm
«•NAOS
«MM tmm BENSON’S
5
the
Consider Purity in Paint in Preference to Price.
You wouldn't pay the regular price for Sugar that analyzed 10/% of sand. You wouldn't pay “all wool" prices for cotton-and-wool clothing Why should you pay your good money for impure Paint, when you can get
*1 'Quality Starch* ^- '3 3r>-': X L n with a reputation
gained by half a century's experience.
Mi ALL GROCERS
53
&

"I am not much of a judge,*’ she «aid. forcing herself to smile, "but certainly I think I never «aw a handsomer man than
eon
MARTIN-SENOUR
100% PURE” PAINT
a aoldier or a* *
he
AS
And then to her horror Mrs. Dunraren lifted hsryelf upon her toes and again kitwed her.
*'I love you for that!" «he announced. “But there. I forgot *11 about the coffee. I always forget everything when I speak of Leslie. You run into your own room and take your hat off, while I ring for Elaine."
Glad of any excuse to escape, A i Is a went into the next room and closed the door. Hhe knew there was only a moment of respite, hut she flung herwelf into a chair and buried her face in her hand*.
What was the meaning of it .ill?
With a woman whom he loved sufficiently to make his wife, a sweet, beautiful, tender little creature who adored him. what was the trial of Leslie Dunraven# life? And why had he brought her there to be the companion of hi# wife?
<4
u
We guarantee Martin-Senour "100% Pure” Paint (except a few dark shades that cannot be prepared from pure Lead and Zinc alone) to be 1007c pure White Lead, pure Oxide of Zinc, pure Linseed Oil, pure Colors and Turpentine Dryer ; and to be entirely free from adulteration or substitution ; and sold subject to chemical analysis»
Every experienced Painter knows that the above formula Is right. It is the standard of the paint world.
You get absolute purity quality—when you insist on *100% Pure” Paint.

He begin*
before Uie «tiffnest <hss in reality
Special «plmts Are u**o on All broke» bonen The) am made of vory I Wit wood and arm
1,. AMT	I not *U.,w«i to «torfer. with the
any woman you ever saw! I always have movement of any |oint. MARKAgw It at this hour. If you are not fond of I is an important part of Prof. Guer-
montprr,’» t^ont.
thankful of an opportunity to change | ]IX eases wltere patient* have
1-11 «o°rMC2 !-;¦¦	v> I<*g
you."	l>eforo any treatment m possible a
«he took the cup which was poured out gp^ig] apparatus, known am meeh-for her. and was about to 'irt it to her 1	, rr
lip*, when the door wa* suddenly opened, AIX>-t-hvrsp^utÉC ftpWEtllll, IS U*od.
and a tail, handsome young man. remark -\t t-he military TwwpitaJ in (1 tU-am, able for his distinguished manner rather
than for hi* perfect features, entered the	....
room without knocking. Mrs. Dunnaven rooms and forge* have been imthsU -
ed m the ha^e-ment wliene inutru-I I monta are ooiwtrurbed to koswi rigid joint* at various part* of the

«
s



«

»
extreme fineness — uniform
?
CHAPTER VI

Before Ails* had removed her hat, Mrs. Dunraven came to call her.
“You see. I shall never let you have a moment to yourself t" she exclaimed.
I am the most restlwe, nerv-
SENOUfS FLOOR FAINT
The old reliable.
MARTIN-SENOUR WAGON and IMPLEMENT PAINT
for wagon*, tool*, etc.
BED SCHOOL HOUSE PAINT
for the hern end sheds
exposure

laughing	e
ous person under heaven. 1 can t keep •till for five minute* a* a time to gave my life, unlem 1 have some one to talk to. and then I muet he constantly doing some-It wee that which made Leslie I must have a companion. Do you
»
*
X
v\
W e*ll send yoe. free. "Farmer's Color Set" end our fine book. "Town end Cowatry If

>
if you write lor the name of our nearest dealer-sgeoL
sax

m in many others, epecisl work
thing
like driving?"
T never drove in anything except a street car. and very rarely In that," answered Ailsa. whimsically.
To her surprise. Mrs. Dunraven did not laugh, hut instead put her arm impul-el y about Ailsa • waist.
"You poor girl!" she murmured. "Lee-lie told me all about it, and I ought to have remembered. But you'll never have anything to contend with again such as ou have had in the past. He did not much of the Ltory. but you'll tell it all to me some day, won't	you? Not now,
you know, hut xNhcn you	have quite for-	.	.	...
led	her	from	the	room. At the door she gotten it When vou can	speak of it as	Lloyd	Ogden	put	out	hli	¦'¦'''<! 1	-	v	‘
paused	ahd	looked	back.	,f it were the trouble* of	another person	and	pressed	her	fingers gently. Dunraven
'	Hhe would never have believed possible- And Alias's bewilderment increased.
What right had she to rob this charm hhe bent her head and kissed Leslie Dun	(To be continued i
ing little woman of her husband * heart? raven's wife.
What right bed she to enter that home. There were tears in her eyes when she knowing that this woman's hu-band lov lifted her head.
ed her? And how was it that hi# heart “Home day we will trust each other."
u,m, u„ ui,-»,,., .*«« n,
hie name and sharing hie life?	deserve, but I swear to yon that I will
The situation was growing more in ye	never prove ungrateful. I swear to you
terious.	that I will be your friend first of all, no
She. followed Mrs. Dunraven upstairs in	matter what it may cost me, no matter
silence.	what it may cost others!"	.
"These are	your rooms." Mrs.	Dunraven	«he went	unsteadily	into	Mrs.	Punr.a17*	joints and mU9clt»«, which %0 often
“‘th“h* n"	'%r.	tÿ:	follow» ,ho I^Hn*of e fr^turo or
this window. Hee! It overlooks the park	new experience that had come into her	wound,	18	one	of	the	most	difficult
I think that view would make an artist	life an experience which she could not in	p^lem#	which	confront	medical
of any one Do vou paint?	the least understand.	,,	,	\ r .	. -	..	, , .
¦ Ailsa.	glancing about	Lwlie Dunraven	was	there	standing in	men treating the wounded in hng
keen	pleasure, |	the centre	of the	floor.	land and in France. Tlie treatment
Hhe was not quite sure whether he had
V
ADDRESS ALL ENQUIRIES TO
«
e/h MARTIN-SENOUR Go.
arose at once.
"Halloo. Leslie! yon here?" he exclaim I thought Ethel was alone, or shouldn’t have intruded."
"Have a cup of coffee, old fellow? ask ...	.
ed Dunraven, while his wife kissed the I Minus young man affectionately.
"I'm so glad you've come, Lloyd exclaimed, hr ly meet my my new companion her, but it i§ too ridiculous My new friend. I say. Mies Yalworth, my brother,
Mr. Ogden '
Htill with his arm about his sister.
v\\>
ed

LIMITED .
655 Drolet Street, Montrf.au
75
\\\\
•I*
X
mm
*1Y
&
%
SB
she
x
No Coiiiphiinf From Her.
‘ Why did you leave your last place f' '
‘The in aster kissed me, mu in."
‘ And you didn't like it, eh ?” "Oh, 1 liked it all right, mum; but the missus didn't."
Glasgow School Hoard are to in stitute a tooth-bruah drill.
I xx in tod you to Ixvlie call*

\\
k
now
Woman Against Woman
or A Terrible Accusation.
STIFF JOINTS.
II
1
CHAPTER V.
waiting, the dread, the horror of g an unknown suffering, had not the o rob Ails.» of the exquisite joy of hours that followed. All night she n her pretty room happiness to her. repeating her run heart, living through the scene ¦ gun. not w «hing to sleep. and arising ¦w th the fun. a snatch of a song upon her
the extravagant descriptions of the Arab (an Nights
net* of the old world combined with the new. and all in such exquisite taste «* only an artist can display.
And then, almost before she had recovered her breath, she observed that Dun-raven had gone forward to meet some one. Hhe saw him take the hand of a tiny creature who had entered, with all the tendernee and respect which he knew so
«hank God always for what has been He Aud ah. what a vision It was that met
That king among men! He her eyes! The daintiest, airiwt. most ex-me:	Ah. surely it is enough ! And QUisite little fairy that Ailsa had ever
joy of being near him. *e*n!
his affliction, whatever The pale gold hair lay upon her brow in 1 shall hear his voice, some- little clinging curls like those of a child.
What more could I the porcelain-blue eyes were opened wide,
the sweet lips trembled under their smile
of Wounds.
What is called “after stiffness,” or the condition of immobility in
te

It contained the gorgeous
T)

fa
«
power
ih
lax
hugging hie words In
her
i
PRESIDENT
SUSPENDER
It!
No," answered the beautiful room with in spite of her numbing suffering "Perhaps some day you will let me I heard or not, but teach you. Do you like the rooms?"	toward him. and
"They are exquisite. I never saw any- hands, lifted her face thing so beautiful."	He hesitated, flushing crimson.
I am so glad you like them. I wai "Ailsa won't mind I" ehe exc.aimed. Wo afraid if you were inclined to be critical muit not begin making a stranger of her. the decorations would not please you. The Hhe le to be one of our family, you know, flesh tones of the Cupids ere altogether and will get quite accustomed to seeing too white, and some of them are ridicu- you kies me. by and by loualy proportioned. But I have conceal- He bent bis head
vd it all as much is possible with the dra Ailsa tried to remove her eyes, but to pertes. Come into my rooms."	save her life she could not. Hhe looked iv
Hhe led the way through Ailsa e own as if fascinated and saw him touch those r«>om. and the girl gave a gaep of aston- pretty, tremulous lips with his own But | | îehment a* she looked around.	oh, how different It was from those he had
Beautiful the other rooms were, they pressed upon her lips only the night here nothing to the careless luxury of fore! This warn the Bias we give a sweet Mrs. Dunraven smiled in childish bafoy whose tender little life we must protect because It belongs to us; but those
his wife went uuickly is a matter of especially grave con-putting out both ber Cern to the subject himself, ai nee
«Mme* crimson	on the result depends <hls future
NONE SO EASY
lovre me lux »
I eih.ill hive the oi belp fig h in m at m i r be tinifj touch h * hand one -k? '
MAf
. 1
Watch Your Colts

a* she welcomed the man who had taken her hand.
sh
wat ready and waiting when he rame. She knew the sound of the foot-•ter . m the hall, knew the gentle tap upon the door, and flew to open it; but the sight of hi* white, set face, the ghastly misery of hi# expression, made her •pee vhlvu.
o
:
y
¦M wore a morning-gown of white and gold, the clinging fold# from her graceful came forward, a# he led her. with the dig nity of a queen.
"Him V«1 worth
o
sweeping back little body, and ahe
edy, i orw the meet used In
Wtenoe
SPOHN'I DISTEMPER COMPOUND
z
3

R
Turf Goode
• POHN MEDICAL CO.
Chemist» sad •••terloleglete, Oeehen. mi, U S A.
a
or
Hhe shrank back without a word, and in a low. terse voice, from which all the
it wie Dunraven who
wae speaking—"this is the lady whose

companion 1 hare
you will like each other. Lot me introduce you to- my wife!"
If her life had depended upon it. Ailsa could not have bowed, could not have moved. She (teemed like a petrified thing a# she stood there. Hhe knew that that beautiful, child like fairy had taken her hand; that she waj saying enme words of welcome in a sweet, silvery voice that fitted her appearance to perfection, but Ail-ea could not hear what they were. Those two words eeetned suddenly to have etrick en her deaf and dumb my wife!
They rang out above the words he had spoken to her the night before mingled with these
asked you to be. I hope
sweet un * and music had fled, he asked
these
pleasure over her delight
Arc y<u ready. Ailsa?"
Hhe nodded, unable to reply.
Have you got the key of your trunk f
" Y u, she whispered.
A man will call morning com
Hhe stepped backward and took up a hat. which hi* had given her. and pinned it on. She didn't even glance toward a mirror, hut straight into hie rigid face shv gazed She placed her warm, heavy about her shou'ders. end going toward him, slid in a choked, hoarse voice:
"I am ready."
ked about the room, and her ey«e followed his own. There was the ru before the warm, glowing fire upon eh. had .at the night before whe
liuEMiiffliiuiiiDBflDiBiunuiiumiiuniiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiuiiniuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiuuiniJiiBuiiuiBMfifiwinM
iiwuiiiiiiihihh
!
for U nome time th>s There k a carriage waiting



1








k

They
dari

g
My darling, my
le rue ‘n*’ 7°u must forget that 1 love you! which bu* were 101,1 in t?lo#<* others of a thou* fore when she »®<l time» greater import:	lly wife!"
•red his love for her. There was the which he had thrown himself m his wild grief, the chair in which he had sat when she confessed her love. A eob choked in his throat, but he forced it back.


H





m
And Den raven etw and understood it all. He made her look at him by the power of hi# gate, a# he said, softly; will try -to be friend*?"
Hhe unfastened her eyes from Mm Dun-raven's fare and glanced up at her hue band The pleading of hi# expression could not be mistaken Hhe could not understand It at all, but there was no sacrifice she would not have made for him.
Hhe took Mn. Dunraven* hand in both
her own and pressed it gently._________
f orgi v#
<i

1
¦Æ
la
r
You
,i

t im going to keep this room just as it j* forever.'' he said, quietly.
was the only reference he made to •ventr of the night before, and she had not the courage to reply. In painful silence *he followed him downstair*, and allowed him to nlace her In a coupe, ( never I «toning to the addre&m be gave the driver, lever caring whither she was go
He took his seat beside her. then leaned hack upon the cushion# and closed hie *y«e. Life had been bitter enough before but surly no suffering had ever equaled this.
4»
<
I
th

E
i #1
k
<
k
k
she murmured, of my reception darned me Per hap* your-your hua Dunraven. that

Pie

'llj
The klndn for a moment hand has told you—Jfiu my liff has not always been a hippy one. and to find friends among strangers is a new experience for me."
And then, to add to her surprise, who
babyish eyes, and lifting herself upon tiptoe. Mrs. Dunraven kiseed the strange girl upon the lips.
'Yes. he told me," ah that same sweet voice. He told me h i* friendless* and alone you were He said that I would like you. and I do. Him Vaille will try to make up to you for some of the sorrows of the past, will we not, Leslie?"

! 1

a
Ya
i
The inherited preference
Sugar that exists in so many -jJ	thousands of Canadian homes to-day, is based
on genuine satisfaction for three generations. Satisfaction first with "Ye Olde Sugar Loafe", made m Canada by John Redpath 60 years ago—then with Canada’s first Granulated Sugar, made By the Redpath Refinery L 1880—now with the modem 2 lb. and 5 lb. Sealed
Cartons of	Extra Granulated
“Canada’s favorite sugar, at it# best”
X

saw a moisture rise to the sweet
IV
He aroused hi

If after a time, and leaning toward her, placed his hand upon 1 her*
"Ailsa." he whispered, are you quits sure. dear, that you are prepared for anything that may happen—anything?"
Quite sure. I can bear anything for— your make"
H* emlled at her tenderly.
' My brave little girl," he|	¦ ¦
»ni accepting a terrible sacrifice at your hand#, but if It prove# too
m
for
red
n
»•-
K%
1	1913 ^
he murmured, faintly, turning
T
uch for you
But
can always
little
you are not go e sail you by that «tilted
go away, you k
one!"
U.Hi
C.
ing to male
you
The coupe stopped, and with the erprse name, are you? Miss Valworth Is very •Ion of anguish deepening upon his count- pretty, and It aults vou admirably, but •nance. If that were possible he stepped we couldn't be friends with that formal-Dut and a misted her to alight	Itv between us. could we? What i* your
They had stopped before a rseid*n*e of I other name?
w that
in

Get	Sugar
in original package# then you are sure of the genuine !
mered the girl, help
ly

Ailsa!
at
Ailsa Valworth! Isn't it pretty
ouely
ears we shall get on f
bed He? I

1 am going to # I y self. I have selected you. I shall be ;
to
«.r7
"Ask your im ,:rmes to eoi
those neat
121
r,
you

Ins f
CANADA SUGAR REFINING CO. LIMITED,
*%3
so that I can have
y h
WONTRfM

the other at any time I
t to
£
«he did not hear the little groan that to Dun raven's lips, but linking I
.n that of ‘
her
AS
s child, she had read
###PAGE###3###
Suffered For More
Than Two Years
OVER l,non,W)0 MEN.
THINGS WORTH KNOWING.
A GOOD MEDICINE
FOR THE SPRING
Good-Bye, Old Backache flervilinc Will Fix You !
17 AKLY IRIX il COBBLER POTATOES, IJ specially selected a»d Government inspected for meed Only limited quantité. Price. One Dollar per bushel f.oAr Br.tmp-ton. Also ConnoWmeurm Pride and New 8now. two excellent new potatoee. Price, Two Dollar* per bukiiel. Hpecial prices for large quantity, ('ash must sworn* pany all
What Is believed to be the most durable highways In the world have been made in France of a concrete composed of Iron shavings, cement and sand.
From ordinary sea weeds a London chemist claims to have extracted a gum that is proof against fire, acids and moisture and that Is a better insulator against electricity than vul-
Pprfwtly Armed and Equipped to
the l ast Button
Italy to-<lay has 1,200,000 first line soldiers under arms. They are, from twenty to wenty-six years of They are perfectly armed and equipped otherwise “to the last button.”
General Zupelli, the Italian Minister of War, speaking on the military situation in Italy, said that a miracle had been accomplished m that a country which for about twenty years had maintained a military organization merely for the preservation of peace had created what he termed one of the most perfect war machines. The change not easy. General Zuppeli said, proved wherever the same work was attempted. Great Brit-for example, had faced the problem, and though possess-
i even less The War
THEN JOSEPH GAGNE FOI ND A Cl RE IN DODD’S KIDNEY PILLS.
Do Not Use Harsh Purgatives —A Tonic Is All You Need
Stiffness is Rubbed Right Out; Every Sign of Pain Disappears.
Gee whiz think of It!
No more stomach dosing necessary
order*. II W. Dawson, liramp«
ton
age
Not exactly sick—but not feeling
That is the way most
Easily
!, eo me times a feeling of depres-or eruptions may
w
C*A‘new electric torch for u»e about Kvery^race of lameness, every bit P’G'toSuVS* Ow automobiles or machinery has an of stiffness, every sign of weakness In The most neeful snd interesting of all electric-magnet in-lts base, energized the back's muscles can be rubbed away bu*In***** Full information on apolioa-
by the battery that supplies the light, for all^ time to come by good old wîîlt*Adelaide tfj’rironto. CowVMM7, 71
surface.	^	No other liniment can do the work
So that the burning of telephone *o quickly, can penetrate so deeply, wires fastened to a house will be les- can bring ease and comfort to the sened a new German system Incloses the wires In cement cylinders, the inner surfaces of which are softer than the outer.
To test the strength of newly Invented automobile Inner tube it was
used to tow a street car behind a trac- gives. For chronic rheumatism there tion engine In a California city and it ; are pain destroying properties in Ner-wlthstood a strain esimated at seven viline that give it first rank. The way
M* Umbers up a stiff Joint
Economy of fuel consumption In soreness out of strained or rheumatic steamships often requires the mixing muscles is simply a wonder, of two or more kinds of coal, and an Englishman has Invented a coaling bargo that mixes coal as It delivers It Into a bunker.
An eastern railroad has built a machine operated by compressed air that loads two cars at once with steel rails or unloads them and places the rails ready for laying at a rate of flour a minute.
The Russian government has been convinced by a number of Swiss engineers that it is perfectly feasible to bore a sixteen-mile tunnel through the Caucasus Mountains to join the Black and Caspian seas.
quite well
people feel in the m>i tired, appetite fickle headaches, pion. Pim appear on the akin, or there may be twinge» of rheumatism or neuralgia. Any of these indicate that the blood is out of order—that the indoor life of winter has left its mark upon you and may easily develop into more serious trouble.
Do not doee yourself with purgative», as so many people do, in the hope that you can put your blood right. Purgatives gallop through tlie system and weaken instead of giving strength. Any doctor will tell you this is true. What you need in spring is a tonic that will make new blood and build up !he nerves. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills is the only medicine that can do this speedily, safely and surely. Every do»e of this medicine make» new blood wliich clears the skin, strengthens the appetite and makes tired, depressed men, women and L'lrildren bright Mrs. 8. K. Btiphüg Ponoka, Alta., saye: "I miffoMI severely 'rom headache», and was badly run down in health. I had tried several remedies with no benefit, until I was advised to try Dr. William»’ Pink Pills, and these have fully restored my health, and I can recommend them with confidence to all weak women.”
Sold by all medicine dealers or by mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Quebec Man Took Ills Wife*» Advice and Is Now Enjoying a New Lease of Health.
8te. Marguerite Bay Mills, Saguenay Co., Que., April 26th (Spe cial).—“Yes you can tell tine public of the great relie! I got from Dodd’s Kidney Pills.” The speaker was Mr. Joseph Gagne, a well-known resident of this place, and he has every reason to he enthusiastic over the great Canadian Kidney remedy.
“For more than two years I suffered from Kidney disease Gagne continued. veloped into pleurisy and I was a very wick man when my wife persuaded me to give Dodd’s Kidney Pills a trial.
“I took just three boxes and they made me well Dodd's Kidney Pills make their users enthusiastic because they not only cure the particular ailment aimed at but they spread good health all over the body. They do this by curing the Kidney». Cured Kidneys strain all the impurities out of the blood. That means pure blood and new health all over the body.
ring
St
MISCELLANEOUS.
/1 ANGER, TUMORS. LUMP». ETC., Vv Internal and external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Write urn before too late. Dr. Heilman Medical Co.. Limited. Collingwood. Ont
back-weary sufferer as Nervi U ne Invariably does.
Backache Isn’t the only malady Nervlline Is quick to cure. For lumbago or sciatica you would go far to find relief so speedy as Nervlline
KtR
was as was

«W

am,
same

Mr
"tf:
tons
It finally cle
ing greater resources was prepared than Italy.
Minister said that the equipment of the army with weapons was au penor proportionately to that of the German army at the beginning of the war.
Eagerness of the soldiers concentrated along the frontier to begin action is so great that their officers are compelled to hold them closely in check, for fear of disturbing border incidente.
inem wo m w
Ntrwl
If you have an ache or a pain anywhere, If you have a sore back, a stiff neck, a stiff Joint, a strained muscle— if you have lumbago, congested chest or sore throat, Just try Nervlline. Rub it on plentifully—It won’t blister, it can’t do anything but cure you quickly. The large 50c. family size bottle Is the most economical, of course, but you can, from any dealer, also get the 25c. small size of Nervlline, the king of all pain relieving remedies.

» I

active and strong

In view of the extensive preparations which have been made the question is asked with increasing frequency why Italy does not enter the war. Men in a position to speak with authority say that a majority of the people prefer and the Government still hopes to obtain territorial concessions from Austria without a rupture of friendly relations.

A Raw Libel.
She—I gave Rover one of my doughnuts to-day, and what do you suppose he did with it?
He—I don’t know. Did he eat it ?
She—No! Really ? And yet they say dogs have no reasoning powers.
Jarrah trees in the Australian forests grow to a height of 120 feet ; kari trees to 200 feet.
&
A SQUARE DEAL.
lb?
SICKLY CHILDREN
o
In any organization so large a» that of the C.P.R., where under normal conditions over 100,000 employees are on the payroll, one great problem is that of keeping the employees, so to speak, dynamic, part of a living organization and not of mere machines. Zeal and ambition must be kept burning. Just as every soldier of Napoleon carried a field marshal's baton in his knapsack, so every office boy in the Company must feel he is a possible president, not
deadly ravages of advanced kidney this in mind has proved exceeding-trouble. My first attacks of back- ly efficient. Each superintendent ache and kidney trouble began years or foreman or head of a depart For six years that dull gnawing ment makes two reports a year on pain has been present. When I ex- his staff. Bright men are thus ear-erted myself it was terribly intensified, marked If I caught cold the pain was unendurable. I used most everything, but nothing gave that certain grateful relief that came from Dr. Hamilton's Pills of Mandrake and Butternut, in. stead of being bowed down with pain, to-day I am strong, enjoy splendid appetite, sleep soundly. Lost properties have been Instilled Into my blood —cheeks are rosy with color, and I thank that day that I heard of so grand a medicine as Dr. Hamilton's Pills.”
Every woman should use these pills regularly because good health pays, and It's good, vigorous health that comes to all who use Dr. Hamilton’s Mandrake and Butternut Pills.
PROMPTLY CURED
Baby's Own Tablets are an ideal medicine for lit/tke ones. They regulate the bowels and stomach and promptly cure constipation, indigestion, cold and simple fevers, expel worms, cure colic, and give baby health and happiness. Con-cernin der, !
have used Baby’s Own Tablets for my four children and find they always give perfect satisfaction. ’ The Tablets are sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock ville, Ont.
Just a Scratch
UT it nerds looking after. Csrbolated “Vaseline” will
help it to heal quickly and prevent risk of infection. First aid treatment with
B
Death Nearly Claimed
New Brunswick Lady
FLIERS NOT MEANT FOR WAR.
g them Mrs. Fred VanGor Dunn ville, Ont., writes
Zeppelin Did Net Originally Intend Them for Fighting.
When, seven years ago, the first Zeppelin landed at the Kaiser’s feet, William II. saluted the inventor with the words;
“I salute the greatest man of the twentieth century.”
Count Zeppelin has devoted twenty years to his work on dirigible balloons with metal bodies. “I intend,’’ he explained when he began his first effort, “to construct a vessel able to go to places that cannot be approached by other means except with great difficulty, able to reach unknown coasts and interiors by always moving in a straigh line above earth and sea, able to move from one naval base or army to another, carrying men or despatches, so as to observe the movements of fleets or hostile armies, but not for active participation in operations of war.”
Count Zeppelin is an old acquaintance for France. On July 20, 1870, when war was declared, he and four young officers with seven cavalrymen started to make reconnaissance just before Marshal von Moltke was to open hostilities. They hoped to return before being discovered, but enon found themselves obliged to beat a hasty retreat. They were pursued, but succeeded in passing through Wisscm-bourg, Worth, and some other villages. At Retchshof, however, a squadron of chasseurs barred the way, and one officer, Lieut. Wins-loe, was killed. He was the first German to be killed in the war. Three other officers and seven dragoons were surrounded and mpelled to surr ¦¦¦ Zeppelin, mounted on a French horse, which he had taken, managed to escape. He was promoted Colonel when peace was signed and General in 1891. Soon afterwards he retired and devoted himself to hie dirigible balloon work. He was 7(1 years old when war was de dared last summer.
CARBOLATED
I
Vaseline
Was Restored to Her Anxious Fam lly When Hope Had Gone.
Minard * Liniment Co.. Limited.
I wan very sick with Qulney and thought I would étranglé MINARD'H LINIMENT and It cured me at once. I am never without It now.
Your* gratefully MR8 C. D.
Nauwlgewauk. Oct. 21st.
used
Mada in Canada
It is a most effective antiseptic dressing for cuts, bruises, boil*, and skin irritations of all kinds, such as eczema, poison ivy and barber’s itch. Also good for corns.
PRINCE,

Some System.
Rankin—What do you think of the plan of giving cabaret patrons little hammers with which tu pound the tables for applause? Phyfe—It is an extremely ingeni-method of turning a knock into
ago
avoid niinmm iwt«i w va*
lint** In ofifinal pwkarts bearing iht name. CHlSEiaOUGM MANUFAtTVRINGCO. Consolidated
for special promotion. If any man is criticized the report is shown to him and initialled by him before it goes to Winnipeg, gets a square deal, and if he any life in him he mends his ways so that no such criticism can be made twice. Then again there are independent scouts, looking for the bright men, the tidy station agent, the courteous trainman, the man cool in an emergency, the inventive mechanic, the stenographer who can run the office when the chief is absent. These scouts are searching for merit only, not for faults.
Over the whole eyste-m of the Canadian Pacific ideas and suggestions made by employees are not only welcomed, but lead to pro-
They go to the Record
Fur salt ai all t'brmius and
Oners! Stores.
An Economy.
on
He
Fru bfiUt M rtfyttl
has
“No money, no trunks," said the irate landlord your board bill, we hold your trunks till you do.”
'‘Splendid !”
CHESEBROUGH MFC CO.
(Consolidated)
1SS0 CHABOT AVE., MONTREAL
OUS
a boost
If you don’t pay
J
CriDolalcd Eyelids,
Eyes inflamed by exposure to See, Deal and Wind uickly relieved by Marine ye Remedy. No Smarting, just Eye Comfort. At Your Druggist** 50c per Bottle. Merim# Eye Salve in Tubes 2 Sc. For Be ok el I be Eye free ask Druggists or Marine Eye Remedy Co., Cblcage
Mlnard'e Liniment Lumberman's Friend
Sore
Eyes $
said Dedbroke. “That’ll save me the expense of storage on these things of mine until next season. By -by, old man!”
Contributory Negligence.
Mrs. Phatpurrs—Percy Bargoolt married ? Taken in by a designing parlor maid? How shocking!
Mrs. Stufdrol—Deserves it, 1 say. Ought to have looked up her references before he hired her
Mlnard’e Liniment need by Physician».
Errand Boy to Employer— T wish to leave at the end of the week?” Employer—“Why do you want to leave ? 1 thought you were satire*! with your work
I
like doing a horse out of a job
Just That
HAVE MOVIES AT THE FRONT.
Johnny—What is an expert, pa? A fellow wh.> tei
P
to do the things he can t do h: rs *lf.
So I
replied the boy, “but I don't
Boxing is now one of the subjects of physical instruction in the State schools of Australia.
Office, where a statement of the employee’s career is attached to the suggestion before it is considered by a committee idea is adoptcdHHH^|Bi^| employee’s career is then before the eyes of the powers that be, and recognition is sure to follow needle in the haystack is enough to find with a magnet, and there are a dozen magnet* looking out for merit among ployees of the CP*
British Soldiers Enjoy Hath and Picture# in Rest Period#.
The British at the front arc nearly all devotee® of the “movies’ and now they have a picture palace of their own. It is situated in the town hall of the village which is the headquarters of the Fourth Division and it is crowded every day with soldiers taking their rest from the trenches.
In the same village is a brewery fitted up as & bath house. The first thing the men do after issuing from the steaming vats and putting on fresh clothes is to flock to the picture show.
At first films were obtained at great expense from Paris and the mechanism was rigged up by soldiers who were movie operators before the War. Afterward one of the London agencies acquired some 16,000 feet of film and presented it to the brigade. Returning officers now make a point of -bringing back fresh films with them.
Keep Mlnard’e Liniment In the house.
If the the record of the
The
HE NEW PERFECTION
Oil Cookstove, for years manufactured in the United States, is now made in Canada.
The Perfection Stove Company, Ltd., at Sarnia, Ont., is manufacturing these stoves for distribution by The Imperial Oil Company, Ltd., throughout the Dominion.
The NEW PERFECTION is
the best-known and most-liked oil stove in the world. Over 2,000,000
are now in use—saving money and labor for their users and keeping kitchens clean and comfortable.
r&ny
T
A
the 100,000 em
r


Cure
No
PERFECTION
OlLggKSgES
Guaranteed known to met# without
pain In 24 hours. Is W	_ soothing, healing;
Corns -¦*»««
“NOW SERVING 2,000,000 HOMES"

Putnam's p»ln
quick, safe and sure Corn Ext raster
Bold avary-

CAREFUL DOCTOR
I
?
y
Prescribed Change of Food Instead
of Drugs.
It takes considerable courage for a doctor to deliberately preachibe only food for a despairing patient, instead of resorting to the usual I st of medicine*. ¦¦¦¦
Some truly scientific phjnwci* recognize and treat conditions they are and should be treated. Hera’s an instance ;
“Four years ago I wan taken with severe gastritis, and nothing would stay on my stomach, so that I was on the verge of starvation.
“I hoard of a doctor who had a summer cottage near me—a specialists-and, aa a last hope, sent for him.
“After he examined me carefully he advised me to try a small quan tity of Grape-Nuts at first, then as my stomach became stronger to eat more.
“I kept at it and gradually be-
AN APPRECIABLE GIFT.
Appeal for Maple Syrup and Sugar for Red Cross Society.
m
The First Step.
“Pa,” plaintively coaxed Mrs Nookoyne, “I want to git in society.”	jjl
“All right," resignedly assented Mr. Nookoyne. “I s’poae we kin hire a reporter to write somethin scandalous about us
The Canadian Red Cross Society has sent an urgent appeal to Mr. J. H. Grimm, who is well known in the maple syrup industry, for a donation of syrup and sugar for the boys at the front.
A letter from Colonel Gorrel, of the First Canadian Contingent, toils of the enthusiastic reception
from Can-other
The NEW PERFECTION
brines gas stove conveniences to gflkitchen. It lights like cooks like gas. 1, 2, 3, burner sizes.
Ask your dealer to show you a NEW PERFECTION Oil Cook-
made at Sarnia, Ont., bv Canadian workmen. If he can't supply you, write us direct.
ns
the
n
r«
an
k

?

l f
accorded a recent ads containing, among things, a few cake* of maple su gar. He state*, "the men went fairly crazy with dejight when it
was given to them.”
To a Canadian sway from home it would be difficult to conceive of a iftore acceptable gift in the spring of the year than some genuine sugar or syrup from the land of toe
lier. *re few farm# re who could not spare *t least a gallon of syrup or ten pounds of sp«ar for suoh a worttv and patriotic object. Those nwood. aod it m hoped
them will be meev, pack carefully and Canadian Red Crow Society, 68 Wellington St.. Mont real, Que.
The eiprrea oompWMe# will narry auefi parce la free if plainly marked
The Red Croie."

stove
A


if

m.
ROYAUTE OIL GIVES WEST RESULTS
m


THE IMPERIAL OIL COMPANY
Limited
BRANCHES IS ALL CITIES


became ckrar, when* before everything seemed a blank. My
Off
W,
j

fcr- f » ( p«, ngy r and I oould So I steadily recovered.
on Grape
wW
e way I grew
this food.
walk

f
who
V
“Now after a year Nuts I weJgti 163	My
were so fleshy
Name given by Canadian Poafum
lead “The in pkg*
to The
M*
exp
riaed at the strong
i
3


• Vm *


ItV
Co., Windsor, Ont Road to WelMUe.” “There’s a Reason.”

Canada
Ala de in
The Hope ef Him Hide.
The strain is terrible. I'm afraid I Shan't keep the wicket longV’—Melbourne “Punch.”
f
<*nrt°
ilk for
ru
ef- m
IS
ED. 7.
###PAGE###4###
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
THE MARKETS
THE EQUITY.
SAVED BY A TAIL.
A Neighbor Told Him To Take
SHAWVILLE
A fl Ineldent of the Perilous Times In
Peril In 1S4I.
Oû Fob. 84. tSiêk when Furls was disturbed by rbo revolutionary mob, a Captain Pretoria was sent by the government with orders to bo do Urercd to the leudvre of Hie troops that were defending tbo threatened pointe in various parts of the city. It was a dangerous undertaking, for the bitterness of the people against the government was intense.
Before starting out Captain P re bols was warned to take the greatest cars If he valued his life, but ho took the warnings lightly and said: ‘if you fel
I	lows knew my black horse as well ms
II	know him you wouldn’t worry about me. That horse hae carried me through thick and thin."
The black horse of which the gallant captain was eo proud wan Indeed u beautiful animal. But there was something very extraordinary about his tail It was long and bushy, but It never moved or twitched, except with the movement of the animal’s body.
When Prebols arrived In the disturbed section of the city he fearlessly delivered his message. He met with no resistance from the crowds in the I streets until he reached the Place Ten j dom& Here a great crowd of révolu-I donlsts had gathered. One seized the I bridle and cried In a tierce voice: “Hold! What message are you carry
Ingr
The captain refused to answer. “Put a bullet through him and get that m eager bawled out the man In a commanding voice. He was evidently a leader of the mob.
I At this point the captain determined : that quick action alone would save him I from violence at the hands of the crowd. Quick as a flash he wheeled his horse and dashed off. Several bullets flew after him, but they went wild and then suddenly ceased altogether. He looked round and saw the mob crowding round one of their number, who held something In his hand. And then his eyes fell on the back of his horse and his heart sank In dismay.
It seems that as be whirled his horse about several men seized hold of the animal. But the powerful creature threw them all except one, a lad of fourteen, who seized the horse's tall That tall was the object of Interest that had caused the shooting to stop, for It had come off. There stood the boy. In the middle of the road, with his feet spread apart and an expression of grim determination on his face as he tightly clutched the fleeing creature’s tail The mob saw the humor of the situation and burst Into a roar of laughter.
The explanation came out later. It seems that Captain Prebols* horse, while perfect In every other particular, did not have a very good tall, and so his master had an artificial one made for him. No doubt that artificial tall, and that alone, saved Captain Prebols'
SHAWVILLE. MAY 6. 1915.
?
<
Flour peibarrel $7.50 Wheat, pei bushel, standard $1.25 Oats.per bushel, 53c.
Butter,tubs, print sand rolls 25c. Potatoes per bag. 75c.
Rggs per dozen 18c,
Pork per 100 lb*. 7.50 to 8.00. Hides per 1001	10,00
Pelt s 751 o $1.01 Horse Hides each 8.50 Calfskins each 75 to 00 Woo per lb. M0, t Hay per ton $1
Gin pitis
ù
6
f
O yov contemplate building,l|D
a
the recent
1
he (
D

uv re}Killed
;
h it th r \ pres ive Uvu well up to	made u|
wounded
or making any alterations in thiit||j| line? If so, call in ami see me ; III
al ly, and have IL
If you want to know what Gin Pill# will do lor you, just drop a line to Mr. I). A. Yorke, at Hell rock, Ont. lie will tell you what Gin Pills did for him, after he had suffered with Kidney trouble lor 15 years. Here is Ins letter :
d
BEAVER BOARD 10
t
0
Killed
follow
TO
The < «vrniaii lo,ooo, and the force* also l,.>t the Moodiest
b
place your order
iimtcrlttl ready when re-
H 1
I
ich
I
0
you i
qui red. A k lor a sample id BhA
D
o
' 1 Mitlered lor about 15 years with my Kidneys. I cvuldgvt nothing to help me. l hc pain went all thrvugh i’*v buck and shoulders and Jo»n the calves ot my legs. When 1 would sit down for a while, 1 could not straighten up again until I would walk a rod or more, the pain was so great. A neighbor advised me to t ike vl N PILLS. I did •<' and six hoses cured me. It is about two and a half years since 1 quit taking them. My back is all right ; no pains and no more backache. I thank OIN PILLS for it all— they arc worth their weight tu gold."	1). A. YOKKL.
I
i
i
rm
I
VKII BO A It I >, the coining Interior j
mid Public US

Ù
Finish for Dwellings Buildings.
Q
Ù
tod tu have
> aii raids are rc; made during the past week l»y m ZopiK-lins over territory « n >f Kngland, and although several
1
0
0
The
lowing are last Saturdays quel

I
I
(MADE MARK
the ation

of the 41 advantages of BEAVER BOARD:
i
5
Butter, in p r i n t !Wc to88c Butter tnpall*80 to 34c Eggs, fresh, oerdozen 20 to 23c Potatoes per bag (15 to 70c.
Pork, per 100 lbs $s.00 to 10.50 Beef, per 100 lbs, $8.50 to 10.00 Oats per bushel 60c
D	NO CRACKS	h
11	Are ever seen in walls and	"
31	ceilings made of Beaver
UI	Board. Durable, beauti-
|	ful, sanitary*. Forty-one
n |	advantages. Call and see
FI	how it looks.
For sale by
R. G. HODGINS.
iro|i|HMl no wry great damA few houses were dost t lytsl at Ipswich and at other places
ks fell no damage was done r was unykuly injured.
wvi
I
Can be applied in any season.
Anyone handy w ith tools by following instructions can jig apply it.
Wood Fibre through
resulted
5
l.g
)
I
V 1
1
I
Is pill
out.
Hav per ton I8.00to 22.0U
i
I
FILLS
0
0
R. Œ. HODQINS. g
i he second stage of the campaign t<
9
. will organize the new service, which tlu* passage ot the Dardanelles will instituted with the least possible
•" h k'gun last week b apparently |delay 'm g conducted on a plan which means
that the Allies intend to smash all ok | Pacific to Gyrate the N. T. lb,
ing t<> the agreement between it and
the late government, is the enormous ‘"t of the undertaking. The rquander-a difficult task, but through the support ! ing of money was so great that no com-
of the fleet it was accomplished and I pauy could hope to pay dividends on
«» «¦' w ------1 & 3»	a
royal commission which recently went ninsula, capturing the city ot Galli- into the accounts of that railway found
located at its narrowest point, a | that 40 millions of the |apples money
had l»ecu lost.

'
fat'

The reason of the refusal of the G. T
accord

S.TITY

<‘A.WAV*’*
/
Yv
st : lea in their path. The landing of armies on both sides of the straits was

The Wedding Bells
l“‘.
60c. a box, 6 for $'2.50. Sold in the US. under the name“GINO" Pills.
Trial treatment if you write
National Drug A Chemical Co. of Canada, Limited, Toronto
\
«0
lisbinga firm foothold on the Galli;*oli
Will soon be chiming merrily throughout the
length and breadth of the land. Young men and maidens fair will plight their troth, and the maiden’s friends —and they are legion—will wish to present her with memento of the happy day. Where better could they suited than at this store ? Where else could they
such superb specimens of Silverware, Clocks, Hand-painted China, Engagement and Wedding Kings, Pearl Pendants, Necklaces, or other valuable gifts, at the most reasonable of reasonable prices
. I
V
n of great strategic importance.
The success scored in this region was i \ however, without heavy fighting Canadian Troops had Trying

"HOW TO ,
GROW CORN
Ordeal
and man>

a
The Canadians who fought so valiant-\. K. Kemp, Mr. II. La|>orte, I ly and Inst so heavily in the recent
mil Mr. George E. C.alt of I tishting near Yure*. Belgium, went in
most cases 48 hours, and iu stances, 72 hours without food of their officers were lout. This was f large and sue-[learned from a young wounded Canadian who arrived Monday in England fJom the continent.
,e When wv received order* tn attack
some ">oo yards
¦ii
Get This Book FREE
Contains all the modern points of agricultural research ; embraces the practical experience vf over 100com growers, Pedigreed seed grown on black silt loam and clay soil of Kent County. Endorsed by the Ontario Ço*n Cemorn' Association. Supplied direct by grower*. Ask for prices |
PIONEER CORN GROWER:
ciunun, eer.
n
lui
s
•'•V
• #
secure
lit Will
» n
soi
I
W • nui}ieg, have been appointed t«> over svv the war purchases of the Govern Ml ai
I.
Manx
I he
men t
ni business ex}>erience, which, un lie arrangement made, should be of
i
\
?
«
fit:
m
the
4
HANS SHADED
to the country. In c Mi'll the tremendous expansion of tin
11 i 11 ta iy serv
mnection [ t}h. enemj \ trenches
<v . h< vi’l • K) of us i usherl tin it x\a> almost inevitable | wotxl where. 1 sup|>o*v there were 7.o<xi
Germans. We were first mowed down
.	,	,	.	.. ...	, like sheep by theii artilh :\. but "•
Who had the resimsibihty put dr0ve them tmm thv trenches in front
them increased manifold and w ith- of the wood and then went right
It was unfortunatvlv al- through.
>
Watchmaker and Jeweler - Shawville, Que.
mistakes would lx* made b\
t
sunn
A Red Cross Appeal to The Farmers.
i
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
not let
as inevitable that some would lx
try, with its Allies, is waging a great war for justice, for the protection of small nations in the enjoyment of their rights, for continued and growing freedom, and for the maintenance of its pledged word of honour. Much destruction and desolation are being caused. Lives are living lost by the thousand. Canada’s first contingent is now in the thick of it. Some will fall ; many may lx* wounded ; some will pay the last full measure of devotion to
,	...	I	|r U	we Kurrounded^ff'	exiMt8 to
llegarding the pn»l«rt» of a	l>nm-	Germans, 4, of whom we Bayonet. '•	L„.mr „H.	si,.k	UIlJ wunnde.1 in	war.
election in the near future,	Mon-1 lie continued. . I *»» "tie German o	T|lv ^	,lf	Cross Service is	great
<U> ' 1 ,ttttWa Journal iwuv'1 thv f,,lloTP' iti,OUiniï« J.iUe :"to estimate the «'..wing greater ^ the war g.a-s on.
and it has been stated that June 28 will “We had the Prussian guards in lx> the date, with nominations on June | front of ns."
The question has not lieen settled by
decision is exjieetcl within a day to two.	----- The soldiers and sailors pay the prie-
With regard to statements that I'arlia London. April i7.~ An official hi,Ile-1 (>xa,.t^ b>' the desolating struggle from ment had lieen dissolved. Sir Robert tin issued tonight bv the war office eon- ,XY' ,	' *	...
t'Ionien issued the following denial Sat-	firm* the message cabled this morning	MH> ,l,H	{	l<	V1	V* '	1 111 m 1	a'*‘
nrday :	to the effect that poisonous gases ?	I	fVrr ‘hpfm .... ,	. „
“The announcement that Parliament added in no small measure to the death >aN * . aH * n,jlg ‘ °r.Il' *	.	1. •'
had been dissolved	and	that elections	roll among the Canadians. French	and	T ,lom*	an.d	^Ttng	and	achieving
were to Iw held on June 2* is absolutely	British troops who took part in	the	J\*ve VV*	for ihe	.“ . tbc!r
inaccurate and unfounded. Parliament	recent charge. The official	text „f	Noughts and plans for individual we 1-
has not been dissolved. The subject	tonight's	statement reads :	are co.nfort and safety. They dont
h.v* not been definitely considered, and	" It is	officially re|*orted on	medical	,eMUU‘ esta’lisli nret»dent». But
. iy re|x>rt to the contrary is entirely evidence that Canadian soldiers havJ'b^'.v »re prer eden s of l.cro.e suenhee for
imaginative.'	lost their lives in the recent righting	not	,mr	f !,d. ltf	fnr . %
Meanwhile the	party	managers of	from wounds but from ]s>isoning	|,y	I’1 mv‘ph ¦*	a,‘d	uha -. ia	n> max <e
l*>th shies are busy perfecting their or- gases employed by the enemy, which i'	’	.......	„
ganizations with a view to an early	a means	of warfare contrary	to The	. h iir,,l,vrs:l .""h'id,tally as well as
|K»sition to help very greatly. Their I card* F’—Lippincott'*.
business d«x?s not suffer from the war.	---- —¦
Prices of nearl) all farm products have Straesburfl Cathedral's Clock, gone up. While labour is scarce there is The dock In Straasburg cathedral If time to think of the hoys at the front twelve or fifteen feet high and about and to send the Red Croat Society a nine feet wide. Its front la edomed gift to lx* spent for the sick and | with rather dim decorations and cut wounded
Farmer» are generous in sentiment I hoi and generous in giving when their | automatons whose performances have
hearts and heads |K>int the way. This is a case when they do so point clearly, persuasively and urgently. In this crisis, in the lives of nations and in the
lives of stricken soldiers, none can pray I to each other It Is a sign that they
too much, do too much or give too | dont like each other. Bat when they much	__
I appeal to farmers to send me sums I How's yourself, yoo porch climbing from SI to #50, during the first week in , eld horse thief T they art good friends.
( )
“Then we got surrounded, which forced us to retire to the trenches we had taken, where we dug ourselves in. ipable men toad- We remained there till the next morn-large purchases it can ing, under shell tire, until finally we
U- believed the possibility of making wt,ry relieved by reinforcements.”
II- -.ml that til»1 ( anadians not only
recovered the guns they had lost to the Lability lh.it the country will get value German.-, but found three French li
for it* outlay* will be increased. Mon-1 itzers which the Germans had taken
These the Canadians blew up and ren dvreii a
1 to take advantage of the situa With three
1
SO (
in.l
I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monuments over placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult me before placing their order
elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.
-------------—------
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
ikvs will lie reduced and thv pro
¦
life.
<»\
Brutal Black George,
No rougher customer ever occupied a | of this district throne than Servla's first ruler, Blacl George. Except when under the In fluence of wine or the smell of gun powder, he was habitually moody and dangerous to cross. When his aged father thwarted his wishes he drew a pistol and shot him through the bead When his mother tried to cheat him over a beehive he bonneted her wltt it and stacked off, regardless of hex shrieks of pain. Black George was ad mira hie as an administrator, scrupu lously Just In all his dealings—outside of the family circle-end as brave and disinterested a patriot as ever lived After brilliant victories he would re turn to his squalid home, empty hand ed, and resume the uneventful life of a pig breeder.
trcitl Gazette
»
!
J
1
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Can-
atla s part in the process of p a)ment, through giving for Itcd Cross work, is mercifully light and easy, even when all have given to the extent of really feel-
Up-to-Date Tailoring
What they paid in
Shall wt
Just Arrived
New Spring Goods
Fancy Imported English Tweeds
In Society.
Little Edith, whose parents were oi the Four Hundred, was being brought up to attend church regularly Sunday mornings. One Sunday morning, how ever, Edith felt no Inclination to fol low her regular custom. In fact, she Inwardly rebelled against It "Mother," said she, "I don't feel th< least bit like going to church thli morning. Why can't we Just send om

see
Also a choice lot of Serges and Suitings made to satisfy you Call and see our stock of . : . . .
Ready-Made Suits

Government to Operate Trans g|r Charles Tapper s Eldest Son 3	continental	Dies in England
Àe Grand Trunk Pacific having de
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
¦¦¦ -¦ -g- -	.	Toronto, April 29.—A cable was re
cl,ned to Like out a lea*», the Govern- «^ed tonight by Mr. Thomas Galt, K
ment have taken oyer for operation the Cf bating that his brother in-law, .las National Transcontinental Railway from Stewart Tapper, K. C., of Winning,
Moncton to Winnipeg. At the same bad died in England, where he had been
the Government has also taken under the care of Sir William Osier for over and will operate the Lake Superior the ,mt few month#.
division of the Grand Trunk Pacific The late Mr. Tapper was the eldest lyjng between Superior Junction and *>„ of 8ir Charles Tup;x»r Fort W illiam, including the terminals called to the Ontario Bar
et tîï*	called to the Manitoba Bar in 1882,
i he jurisdiction of the general offi* made a Queens Counsel in 1890 and a
cer< of the Canadian government rail lyncher of the law aociety of Manitoba ways will extend over these new lines jn
and they take immediate charge.
F. P. Outelius is general manager The Grand Trunk Pacific employee* on the line between Fort William and
op Into various nooks, crannies, pigeon-and galleries for the different
tir
Canadian Pacific Railway.
h
. He was r in 1875 :
When two men are extremely polite
Panama Pacific International Exposition, San Francisco, Cal.
Panama California Exposition, San Diage, Cal,
REDUCED FARES
Mr
May. Every $60 provide* one addition I -Cincinnati Enquirer, al hospital tied with the giver’s name over it. By sending me about $10,000,
you would serve your country well, | "CboDy has a swelled heed." bring credit to yourselves, and make all of us very proud of you. For the sake of the wounded boys, make the gift ! head substantial. It will be an investment "And what might that bsT* towards the recovery of some < 'anadian soldier who stood in our stead that our | A cause might be upheld.
Faithful hr your friend,
Jas. W. Robrktsok,
Chairman,
Red Cross Society at Ottawa. I band—If you
Some Arrests Probable
In effect March 1 to November 30,1016.
Return limit 3 months but not later than Dec. 31st, 1915. n eoeM give that Wot • ewiUiC I Choice of routes, liberal stop-over privileges.
Winnipeg will be absorbed into the gov- Ottawa, April 29.—A number of *r - ruinent railway staff, and this will also resta is probable as a result of the ex be the case with the staff which has, amination which has been made by the under an arrangement with the depart- Justice Department of evidence taken ment of railways been operating for the before the Public Accounts Committee contractors east and west of Cochrane, | in connection with war purchases. The about 300 miles
For the past year the I C. R has I wax referred to the department by the linen ^operating the line between Monc-1 House of Commons and has lieen care ton tod
rolling stock, including 16 locomotives, I ment, assisted by outside counsel. The left Moncton on Thursday of last week transactions regarding the sale of horses, and was taken across the river at Que- field dressings and binoculars have been tier by the Transcontinental car ferry, gone into, but it is understood that the Leonard, and will proceed westward binocular matter will be the first taken from Quelxx , carrying the officials who I up and is now ready for action
I #
Homeseekers’ Excursions
To Winnipeg, Edmonton and intermediate stations and return, every Tuesday from March 2 to October 26, 1916.
__ |BU % w . Return limit two months.
M fe, »d that la atm Full particulars on application,
lough to let me axptala
evidence given before the committee

A
The advance guard of fully reviewed by officers of the depart
t>-If I
Wlfk (dnrlng
vis

Equity /\dvts. Pay.
E. J. HEBERT, 1st Asst. G.P. A., Montreal.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
OUR FIRST MISSIONARY.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
DEATH FOR SWÈAftlNÔ.
John fieddle Was Born In Scotland Just One Hundred Year* Ago.
0%	, A hundred years ago. April 10th.
\t Shawville, County Pontiac, Que, there was born In the village of
Banff, Scotland, a child who was destined to play an Important part In the development of Christian civilisation In the South Sea Islands. Thirty-one and a half years later, this child, grown to manhood, left ||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l H a	Nova	for the
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for I Hebrides Islands, Where he arrived 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each |after a journey of eighteen months.
A quarter of a century later he died
Business hards not « eedlng one Inch |ln Melbourne, Australia, whither h ||||||||||||	|^||| || |||||||||||||||j|||||||| |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||| ha gone to	a transla-
Local announcements Inserted at the Itlon of the Old Testament for the rate of 8 cents per line for first insertion |uee of the Christian natives of an and Scents for subsequent Insertions. archipelago which he had found not Commercial advertising by the month merely pagan but cannibalistic, or for longer periods inserted at low rates This Scottish child and Canadian which will be given on application.	missionary was John Geddle, whose
Advertisements received without In- name Is still a household word over struotions accompanying them will be In- U Urge part of Canada. Those who sorted until forbidden and charged for wou,d ,earn more of hlm and bl,
ng ,	..a. it	i work as a pioneer missionary may do
- a v'kt.
'Halifax, and published by the Board of Foreign Missions of the Presbyterian Church of Canada. Appended to this Interesting sketch they will find a list of twelve Canadian Presbyterian missionaries to the New Hebrides, of whom eleven arrived there during his active career, while - | the remaining one appeared on the scene within a year after his death. They will learn also from this booklet that nine years before Mr. Geddle arrived on the Island of Anelt-yum the natives of Erromango had put to death In the most barbarous way John Williams, a prospecting
m iss o n s ry ¦BIHHHBHMmBHI
was killed by the natives of Melanesia In 1781, had arrived in his
4 Weekly Journal devoted te leoal Interests.
Hosiery !
Profanity In the Early Centuries Was
a Capital Offense.
Relieving one's mind In a profane way used to be a costly proposition. In the ninth century Justinian punished swearing by death. By the statutes of Donald VI. and Kenneth IL the north Briton had the offending member cut out when the tongue ran riot, Philip II. of France ordered those guilty drowned In the Seine, and the council of Constantinople excommunicated any one that swore heathen oaths.
In 1551 a man could swear In Scotland for 12 pennies per cuss. The higher you were In rank the more you had to pay for the privilege of oaths. Perhaps it was figured that the common people should be given wholesale rates.
H
Austin - First Tuesday,
Murrells - Second Wednesday,
Elmside - Second Wednesday,
Bristol, - - First Thursday,
Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
Wyman, -	- First Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday,
Yarm - Last Saturday, of each month.
8rBüomfPTioir, $1 a Year in Advance
tr All Arrearn must be paid up before %ny paper In discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Hosiery I
bulnequont insertion
inserted at f 1.00per year
Scan our Hosiery Prices
I
vince of Quelx-c, | District of Pontiac. I 1514
Our Special in Women’s Silk Boot Hose, garter top, double heel and toes, in black, white and tan, per pair
\\ omen’s Fine Silk Lisle Hose, extra high spliced heel and toes, deep garter top, beautiful sheer quality, black, white and tan, per pair
XV omen’s Fine Silk Hose, double heel, toes and sole, garter top—a beautiful stocking for evening wear. Three colors, per pair
Misses’ Fine Ribbed Lisle Hose—a beautifully finished stocking, in black only, per pair
For the Kiddies : Fine Ribbed Silk Hose, guaranteed fast colors, in pink, blue, tan, white and black, per pair
Men’s Socks.
Mercerized Lisle Socks with high spliced heel and double soles. Sold under a positive guarantee. Black only. Per pair
Silk-and-Wool Socks, heels and toes reinforced for durability. Money refunded if not satisfactory. In heather mixtures, per pair
Men’s All-Silk Socks, double heels and toes, garter top. Black, tan, navy, white, per pair
N
SI TERIOJî cor Kl
The Tri ht & Loan Co aim
of Cana corj«>ration legally constituted, having its principal place of business for the Province of Quebec in the City and District of Montreal,
By an act of the sixth and seventh years of the reign of William and Mary servants, day laborers, common soldiers and common sailors were fined 1 shilling a swear; others were taxed 2 shillings. The swearing schedule in the household of Henry I. was 40 shillings fine for a swear word by a duke,
20 for a lord, 10 for a squire, 3s. 4d. for a yeoman and “a page to be wblpL"
The law that provided fines for | in one month •wearing led Jonathan Swift to his prospectus of the “bank of swearing” during the speculative craze at the time of the south sea bubble. This bank was to have a monopoly of collecting the fines of those who sworst and Swift said: “It Is said there are 2,000,000 In the kingdom (Ireland), of
50 cents
• •
# e
e e
JOB PRINTING.
Plaintiff,
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
vs
Ikkkmik Charkht, of the Township Fabre, in the County of Temiacaming, Di.stcict of Pontia<
50 cents
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
Defendant
The Defendant in ordered to appear
Professional Cards.
liryson, Que., 26th of March, 1915 (By order) W. RIMER,
Deputy Prothonotary
75 cents
# e
DR. A. H. BEERS
Teacher Wanted
25 cents
Bistop PatteeoD, who
SURGEON DENTIST Campbki.ls Bat
Teacher for Di.ts. School No. I ( Pro-
sa ffuzœ? -H I SIsmHH
men. and every cenUema. can afford |>lltj,., to mmineece August 8tl, and to t° .wear one oath a day. which w II Hnjs|l U.t (Uv ot jlmi. I916i with
produce 1.825,000 oath, a year, or £91^ |,|iro. week-.’ holiday, during the winter.
All applications to be in the hands of undersigned Secretary not later n May 20th, 1915.
- Qve.
Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery	°* work eight year* after Mr
McGill University.	Oeddle had begun bis in the New
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Hebrides. Their lives were spent Pennsylvania.	not very far apart, and they were
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec. warm personal friends.
John Oeddle was not merely the first Canadian foreign missionary; he was the first Canadian propagandist of foreign missions. While still a young, hard-working Presbyterian pastor in Prince Edward Island he felt It to be his duty to try to arouse the missionary spirit in the Nova I Scotian Church, which comprised then only thirty congregations that could scarcely pay living stipends to their own pastors. The largest salary was less than five hundred dollars, and some of them paid less than two hundred. ’ For two years the agitation started by ‘him went on, the movement, gathering force as it progressed, until in 1845 a Board of Foreign Missions was appointed, and when the fund of promised contributions reached a thousand dollars Mr. Geddle was chosen the first missionary, with the New Hebrides as his field.
It sounds like a miracle to say that these people have become civilized, peaceful, and industrious members of communities over which the British and French nations have now Joint sovereign Jurisdiction.
35 cents
• •
200.”
In 1592 at Aberdeen the council naively told the head of the house to have a box placed for the collection of the fines Imposed upon the household for 8wearing.—Chicago Tribune.

I
R. A. DRAPEAU, LL L
J AS. CARSWELL,
Tr
s

O
25 cents
Trespass Notice
# #
Ville Marie - - - Que.
HOW TO START A CANCER.
----------	I hereby caution all parties against
Some Very Common Practices It V* ou d ties) siting in any manner whatever on
Be Well to Avoid.	S. West Halv
An English scientist, Interested In the | tin- 3rd range of Thorne.
doing, after this notice 11 ted. according t«> law.
warning.
S. A. MACKAY
es ot Lots Nos 8 and 9 in
Parties found will pro-This is fair
50 cents
attempts to conquer cancer, suggests the following methods by which a cancer may be produced :
“It Is not easy to produce a cancer artificially; nevertheless, If you try enough you will succeed someti-nes.
Encourage your patients to smoke clay pipes with the varnished ends broken off or to retain sharp edged stumps of
teeth in their Jaws, and you may fair- | SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN ly expect now and then to witness the do novo production of cancer. The same end may be attained with yet more certainty should you have It in your power to select cases for the ex
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,

Que.
50 cents
JOHN TWOHEY
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.



LX.
G. F. HOOGINS GO
ADVOCATE.
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday
NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS.
rP H h sole head of a family, o any male * over 18 years old, may homestead a périment In which there already existe quarter section of available Dominion
some local evidence of chronic Irrita* land in Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al
berta
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
Reindeer In Alaska.
In twenty years the reindeer Industry has made the Eskimos of the Yukon civilized and thrifty men. The reindeer Industry began in Alaska in 1892, when 177 reindeer imported from Siberia, the object being to furnish a source of supply for food and clothing to the Eskimos In the vicinity of Behring Strait. By 1902 there bad been Imported from Siberia 1,280 reindeer. To-day there are in all Alaska 47,266 reindeer, 30,632 being owned by natives.
The reindeer Industry is carefully guarded. No native is permitted to .sell or otherwise dispose of a female I HON h BELL	reindeer to any person other than a
¦ r	A	il n native of Alaska. The reindeer ser-
Ui ERNEST J uABOURY, LL. O. vice is a part of the educational sys-
M	tern of the bureau of education for
ADVOCATE	northern and western Alaska. The
BARRISTER It SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY. QUE.
I Will be in Fort Coulonge every Wed-1 Intendants as apprentices in the
nesdsy and Shawville every Saturday, reindeer service, receiving hi* •• got
or ten at the close of the first, sec-_ I ond and third years, and ten more at the close of the fourth year. Up-^ mmwm	U VII PC on satisfactory termination of hie
utUKub	Fl I n to I apprenticeship the native becomes a
herder and assumes entire charge of the herd.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
. Applicant must app person at the Dominion Lands or Sub agency for the District by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not sub agency) certain conditions.
ear in
tion. For Instance, you may tell a pa tient who has a little wart or an irritable crack In his Up that he may go on smoking and amuse himself by picking off the crust whenever he his _
a little .par. time and come to you ^^Lti'lon,%T%%ch3 again In six months. This Is a very three years. A homesteader may live certain method. In another Instance within nine mile of his homestead on a you may assure a man with a little	or at leist,80 acres, on certain condi-
pimple near the angle of the eye that	:h": 're'sld%c:T p'WiïTlî
It Is of no consequence, not worth an j in the vicinitv.
operation, and advise him to apply cold In certain 'ii'rrictilHBHHl
as : z; z ms
Interesting example of rodent ulcer (â 1 Duties—Six months residence In each form of SO called skin cancer).	of three years after earning homestead
It la obvious that the Englishman patent ; also 50 acres extra cultivation.
z kmsjss I S* «ac
followed, bat quite the contrary. He
might have added that although “It 1» I #left<? right may take a purchased home
not easy to produce cancer artificially -	C ntTuê, - MuVt %(de
It Is still less easy to cure It, artificially months in each of three years, cultivate or otherwise. Indeed, the fight against 18® acres and erect a house worth $300 cancer has been one of the least suo The areaof cultivation is subject to re-ceseful In the whole category of med- Muction In caaeof rough scrubby orstony
,ca, battle,. It 1, also one of the oldest. |
—Los Angeles Times.
Secrete and Women.
A woman's Idea of keeping s secret Is to keep it going.
Cave of the Nativity.
In Bethlehem of Judea la a cave or grotto said to have been the birthplace of Christ. Over It is the beau
HfS s s I pr st ,e
reached by means of two spiral stair- f‘>r l**unr- All necessary buildings cases It is lined with Italian mar- required on a farm. A very desirable ble and lighted with many lamps. A property and will be sold on easy terms.
silver star marks the precise spot at Apply to GEO. MoCORD, which Christ is said to have been	Chastens P. O, Que
born. Sixteen lamps of precious metal shed their soft glow upon the shrine, while golden censors send up incense continually.
Agency . Entry
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tW Visits Shawville every Saturday.
We are are ready for Your
on
Spring and Summer Trade
• •
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K. C.
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tinwork required in building.
Sheeting
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
196 Main St. - Hull.
a homesteader in
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
PRICES REASONABLE
Q". "W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
A settler who ha-* exhausted his home-



*—»>
W. W. CORY. C M. G.t
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior
N. B.—Unauthorized publication of this advertisement will not be paid for.
i
ill
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Open all hours.
x:
i man who does thing# may make
____kes, but he never makes the
fret test mistake of • II-doing nothing.
Farm for Sale.

Lot No. 14, in the 13th Rauge of ( larendon, containing 200 acre*, 100 of
A Healthy Heart
Albert Alba, Germany # greatest authority on nutrition and on the hygiene of sport, maya: “A healthy heart, after atrong bat not excessive exertion, ought to return to Its normal number SHAWVILLE 10f beat# within fifteen minutes after
the èxerdae ends. If It take# mack All calls will receive prompt per-[longer then overexertion may be seen med."
UNDERTAKING
•MADE IN CANADA-
HAYES * FINDLAY

Ford Touring Car
Price $590
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
NOTICE
'
sonnl attention.
To Whom It May Concern.
Marvelous Activities.	I I strictly forbid all or any person of
A diner in a restaurant thought hi letting or putting any stock on Lot lft, would have a Joke with the waiter, Eighth Range of Bristol. Any stock and asked him If be had ever seen a foun(j on it after the first day of May,
mms H^::i
link, a nose gay a camera slide, a arden fence, a sword fish and a wall ower."
J. V. FINDLAY
Glebe Trotting.
ighbor drives a Ford—why don’t you Î We are selling more Fords in Canada this year than ever before—because Canadians demand the best in motor car service at the lowest possible coat. The M Made in Canada " is a necessity— not a luxury.
You* ne
to date |p held by J. H. Mean. Com-
U Need A Safe
to protect roua books.
AND RECOUDS
Buyers of Ford cars will share in our profit* if we sell 30,000 cars between August 1, 1914, a"J August 1, 191ft.
Runabout $540 ; Town Car $840 ; F. O. B Ford, Ontario, with all equipment, including electric headlights. Cara on display and sale at
O. A. HOWARD - DEALER Shawville, Que.
# «
FROM D
UCTION
* I#
Schmidt in 191L-Hew Toi*
In Case Of Fire
by»
S
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
Serins HU Strength.
Mr. Bunker—I re walked at least twenty miles playing golf and
Mn. Bunker (breaking le)	..... JP -
don't doubt it. end yet you made at) any notation of the Game Lew you be
awful fuse this morning whan I asked ND, aware of. Liberal compensation
you to step down cellar end bring p	fw „nrictin* ..ideoce All cor
a pall of coal for me.	1	7	.
Mr. Bunker—Well, did you imag- respondents strictly private end coeft-
Ine I wan anxious to tire myself out dental, carrying coal when 1 knew I had that 1
1 here received the agency for this District for the far-famed " Reliable " Fire Proof Safe and Lock Co., whose good» are guaranteed to stand the severest teat, and will be pleased to quote prices several styles manufactured.
The Combined Oillce Desk end Safe should be pert of every business, prof atonal men's or farmer's equipment. It is the most convenient outfit ever Invented.
Prises $¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ dealers.
Aod other Game during Close Season I I by reporting at once to the undersigned
tr. ‘There are three
%
"Not with wings. One of
N.McCUAIC
Pror Game Warden. Bryeon, January ISIS.
M R. MvCVlRK.
Shaw fills.

###PAGE###6###
INDICTMENT AGAINST GERMANY
priées; because the German Gov- that I knew his home
¦¦¦P
Russia.	I position of Russia as an ally of D
Et rcEisFHl"—•
inheritance and in «.me respect, bv r‘"n^ v,JNes . *nd de^r*ted ¦!«* of onion and a hay leaf ; coyer pepper.
nature a people which submits	churches the _ soldier, pronounce	and «miner gently for thirty mm-	ffclffon Salad.-Heart of awhile
despotic government. Her	exccp-	oon<bm nation. The war is revealed I utes. Remove the onion and bay	cabbage, cut into elivere as thin as
tional position as an ally of two free as. A	ffro** •nd dull-witted, a leaf, and add a ' quart of milk, paper, the length of a match ; red-
spirit in which the Russians are eimntnes b due to a k>ng nourish-	ancient, Moisten » tablespoonful of corn- skinned radishes cu,t in the same
now fighting be not more accordant ed indignation against Austria |	^	starch 111 a little cold milk, add it way, with the red skin left for the
with tiie American spirit than the Hungary and Germany for pre-	¦	^	to' the soup. and stir until thick ; artistic effect, and tiny pieces of the
spirit which animates the German renting obstacles year after year	add a rounding teaspoonful of salt, hearts of ceJerv. Mix and let
Empire.”	I and generation after generation to Protection Against Clothes Mollis, a saltapoonful of white pepper, and stand for an hour or «two before
Eliot is emphatic.	,T ^bitmn and some. jUrnny.	tarred paper and cedar chips	» made	in a large white cabbage which ha,
“We	must	hope	and	pray,	he	j**w*rd llber*> ln,l> haveput	Russia	have no effect if the moth egg* are	Omelette Souffle Chocolate. —	been scooped or hollowed out, the
says,	that	we	slm.ll	not	be	drawn	% t*Ci rl! !‘^ ,,nïri J?”	* H	already present in the Clothes, and	Gream two ounces of castor sugar	crisp outer leaves turned down to
into this most horrible war of all A °	•	entomology specialists therefore re- w*th three yolks of eggs, a<ld one form the effect of a rose. Pour over
* *.........
the real cause of the successive	few years. For this reason when I Pe.PPer-	Beat with a fork for two
military aggressions on the part of '	Wliat » ou mini lalk About.	furs and other valuable garments smites,	try two peeled and sliced
(Germany since 1864 lie* in the	It js a strange experience, writes	are wrapped in tarred paper the I bananas	in melted butter for five
gradual prevalence throughout that	a	medical correspondent of the	containers should be renewed every I ntinuies.	loss the pan frequently
nation, and particularly through-	London Time* in France, to visit a	year or two.	I while the	bananas are frying; then
out its educated classes, of an ex- military hospital. You must make In general, moths arc likely to turn the eggs into the pan. Beat aggerated estimate of the bodily	!	the visit	not as a sightseer, but as	affect only articles which are put I them fur two minutes and	then let
ami spiritual merits of the German	a friend.	You must come prepared	away and left undisturbed for some	them rest half a minute.	Let the
people and of a belief that the na- j to listen to stories that have no re little time. Apartments and olo-1 omelet stand fora moment and then tiona! greatness and the progress	j	lation to	the war—most soldiers are j sets that are frequently aired and	turn out on to a hot dish and serve,
of characteristic German civil ira-1	reluctant	to speak of the things	swept are not. apt to be seriously	This omelet may he used
tion were to be obtained through they have seen, but to stories that affected. In fact, airing and sun-1 tree at luncheon, tlo development of the most tre- concern lmme ties and the doings, i light are probably the best, as well | Hntricotrh	Itolls it U
mendous national force that could | real and conjectured, of children— as the oldest, remedies. When I mML fm„ , , i	.
possibly be contrived and brought queer, sentimental stories woven circumstances demand that the I . o i.	; / t n * I °	" j prising.
into being and through the grati- round old ideas like the Christmas articles be put away, however, a l	"	/, ,,I.nour	A piece of garden hose makes ae
fication uf the intense German de-	kiea and the idea of home.	convenient and effective device is	oî. g V r ’.ati<1 teaspoon(ul	yei| carpet Water.	While stout U
•ire for domination m Europe, and \ few da)* agu 1 sat by the bed	to place them in large fxasteboard	Sl * 0Î1Ï neafl,lg tablespoonful <^t , (li9l(Klge. the dust,	its flexibility
side of a wounded sapper—a reserv- boxes, such as tailors use, and I ?11 ?,are 1 ** xs 1 l<‘ 1 one fW» prevents the wear and tear given Tlie government of Germany is	;gt—and heard him tell of his life in	gum a strip of wrapping paper	ia a f<,mPressed v«'&st cake	die-	by the ordinary	stick	or	rattan
flic most autocratic in Europe. It j	a signal box on a branch line in the	around the edge bo as to seal up	I so xv<: 1,1 warm water. Set to	rise .	beater.
has always been so in Prussia; and	north of England. The man waa	the box completely and leave no	?nd when very	light add sufficient	Ttie shoots	from onions at	thk
since German unification in 1871	dying. I think he knew it. But the	cracks. If the garments have been	"*ur	l<> knead	it thoroughly. I)o	time of vear wiu be found excellent
that description applies to the |	zes(, tlf bis everyday life was still	thoroughly cleaned before being	Iluf knead too stiff. It can he thor- giving a flavor to	a salad or oth
whole of Germany. One of the,	strong in him. He described how,	placed in these boxes no additional I ougflily kneaded without sticking to	er jjgbes. Rub the	bowl in which
most extraordinary phenomena in <>n leaving the army originally, he protection is necessary and there (hc hands and yet not be too stiff the salad is served with the shoota, connection with this ferocious war	bad obtained his post. There were	is none of the objectionable odor	An hour before bed time work	in |	«pbe best way tu	warm	up	a roast
is the unanimous opinion among	three trains each way in the day,	which is characteristic of so many	two ounce* of butter or lard. Roll * Uran it in thick!v «eased na
German scholars, historians, states-	an(j on winter nights the last train	moth repellents.	it up	in woollen cloths and let rise |	ner „n<* lrnvPr,.,| while
men and diplomats, and indeed	was frequently very late. That | For valuable articles the safest	until	morning.	Then make out in Lfo oven Bv	having it covered	W
condition of serfs, and that they government which has long existed are ruled by a despotic ruler who is in Germany on the spirit and tern surrounded by an autocratic group per of the German people as a of high public official*.
“But we Americana have learned in recent years a good deal about the Russians; and we find in them Some qualities which give us hope for the huge nation, which often Seems slumbering or half awake regards both commercial and political activity. We have had a large number of Russians poured in upon us of recent years, and we have found them to be an industrious. intelligent, romantic people, capable of all the highest senti merits of human nature, and having 1 do
at heart a great ambition toward “The German Government thor* liberty and expand«ing and improv- oughly believed that in the existing life. I had occasion to observe ing condition of pa ft y government wiule 1 was president of Harvard in England, with the l later distur College that there were no more Lance still unsettled and the trade intelligent students in the univer- union difficulties on hand, England •ity than the Russians. They had not only would not go to war but the defects of people» that have could not. One could not have a been for generation* under des- better illustration of the complete poOc rule, and doubtless o*i an ignorance of the German people as immense scab they still exhibit I to what political and social liberty those defects.	really is
'Many Americans have made ac “The German diplomats misin-qua in tance within the last fifteen formed their Government about the years with modem Russian liters- state of Great Britain and Ireland lure. It is in high degree imagina and of France, in spite of their tive, hopeful and pathetic, though ample system of resident inform often revolutionary in the proper ere, because neither they nor their sense of that word—that i*, look mg informer» understood the political to great changes in family and so- action < f a free people At this rj»J life and in the life of the moment the German Government is Government IVdstoy represents being misinformed in like manner an immense movement of the Rus- about the state of American public wtan mind. It was tthe Gear of Rue opinion To the German mind that called the first Hague Coo- political liberty means public inference The Gear instituted the capacity and weakness- particular Duma, which has hod already an ly - —	¦
interesting and truly remarkable1 In the earlier steps of the war
¦of it» Germany met with » eerie» of sur
Her Certain Defeat Predicted by President Emeritus of Harvard—Utter Lack of True Political Liberty
I
er, »
importance.
Among other things President Phut declares that the G«'\ernment
of Germany is the most autocratic *‘\Ve must not, therefore, accept in Europe ; that the people of Ger- the German view that his war is many do not know w hat political really waged to resist a new irrup-nnd social liberty is. He ad<ls ti«>n of the barbarians into Europe, without reserve that “Germans do it. js Ult,rv than doubtful whether not know how free peoples regard t|ie Kusaians are barbarians. It is the sanctity of contract, not only nuire than doubtful whether the for husmes# puvp«	but for
political purposes, tii say nothing of ‘honorable obligations.'
Wash
young dandelion leaves in several waters, cut fine and add to potato salad made with potato, bacon cut fine, Fresh dressing and salt and
('ream of Carrot Soup.—Grate
i:	cover
(
In particular. Dr. Eliot delivers a scathing analysis of German eftv tiency, a* he sees it, “which takes hold of every child m Germany at birth, ami follows every youth and every man and woman through life until death lie declares, ha* not brought forth a single one of many great discoveries in surgery, preventive medicine, chemistry, physic* or complex business organizations, a list of which he draws up in proof of his assertion.
Regarding American attitude toward Germany, he sa vs :	It seems
And this efficiency
I seful Hint*.
to a native American profane to mention Bismarck and the German Emperor in the same breath with Washington and Lincoln.’*
In the opinion of the distinguished educator the prospect is that the war in Europe will last until one or other of the combatant* is thoroughly exhausted. “One cannot conceive of Germany submitting to defeat until she has exhausted her supplies of men, money and food.” He is also sure that equal difficulty will be encountered in conceiving that England will stop until she is thoroughly exhausted.
“Fortunately from our point of view, he adds, “there is no more resolute or dogged people in the world than the English, and we remember in that connection with satisfaction that many of us are of English extraction.
“As to France—a new thrill of feeling and sentiment lias gone through France. Every one that
returns from France says that the j later in the world people seem changed, externally and internally. They are sober and serious, and they go about their daily work with a grave determination to prevent by any sacrifices the extinction or the reduction in power of the French nation.
“But what aha 11 1 say of Russia i It is the momentary, yes, the rather permanent, belief in Germany that the Russians may he justly described as barbarians, semi-civi-
A very good way to dispu» ot slices of toast and scraps of bretd is to brown all in the oven, the/i roll and sift, then when you bake cookies or sand tarts three to foui cups of crumbs are used in place ol part of the flour called for in the recipe.
If spinach can be washed in man) waters immediately upon, being brought in from garden or market, and then placed upon a cloth laic on the ice. the result will be sur
as an en
.n
Serge, after constant wear, become» shiny and therefore loses its origins! beauty. If sponged with hot vinegar and pressed in the usual manner the shiny appearance will entirely disappear. The vinegar does not stain or leave an odor.
i
“They do not know what political and social liberty is. They have no conception of such liberty as we enjoy. They know nothing at all about the liberty England has won through parliamentary government, through party government. Their complete ignorance on that subject is the explanation of the fatal mistake the German Government made in going to war last summer before they knew what England was going to do or could


I
4.
Much unnecessary talk manages to escape from a tiny mouth.
At least half a dozen hairdressing establishments in London employ lady barbers.

<
Germany's exports of aniline dyes to Great Britain were formerly worth £1,800,000 a year.
î
#
•S..
r
\

Non-ouenmissioned officers and men who hsre the Victoria Cross conferred upon them enjoy a pension of £10 a year; but at the option of the authorities the pension may be increased to £50 a vear in casea of necessity
WÏ


Some time ago the mistress of a
Wheeled Bulletproof Shield, Forming Defence Again-.! Bullet* nod Mull Splinter*	I home went into the culinsry de
_	v "•	pertinent with instruction for the
submitted to the Wsr Office * few days ago a bullet-proof shield, and the maker Mr Fred concoction of a new pudding. "And We.lie of Birmmgham waa compliniented on the ingenuity of hie invention The first photograph in order that you ma.v know when it •bow* the shield, which le buIlet-p roof nt from twenty to fifty yards, in position for rapid travelling is done, Norsh,' said the mistress, and able to carry ammunition, eta In the second fffioti.graph the eh eld ie place to protec t men firing, in conclusion, "iuet stick a knife pnd shows poertaoru, in wfoffi few or rfx men nan fire from behind it, allowing two Vane firing -holes into it. If the knife comes out for changing position#. The third photograph dwm how «en can advance or retire protected by the clean, the pudding ie ready to shield Li No 4 the wheel* and spring, hawe been removed. Ten shield» placed side by aide in this serre." "Tie. ma’am," responded position form a thirty foot barricade, a very umeful defence acroee made, etc The inventor note# that Ndrah, preparing to get on the job. his device wsll protect infantry where** it can be got etc the firmg-hne, and is especially valuable to "And. by the way, Norah," re thow engaged in appnmchm. harhed w*e entanglement* or outtmg barbed-wire It ie claimed that marked the mi Knees, suddenly e!ght good marksmen behind one shield will more than equal m effectiveness eighty men beginning paying at the door like one ,ud
I Sfesssg

m w
r,
of t
###PAGE###7###
POULTRY
UIMM t'OU THE HERD.
4
FROM BONNIE SCOTLAND
GIL LETT'S LYE! EATS DIRT-
fc*
Careful vs* Cureless Methods in Feeding and Marking.
Know what each cow pfoduotl| NOTES OF I N I Fit FST ’ ftOM Ill'll
banks and BIAIS,

mm


%

w
over and above her keep, and promptly get rid of unprofitable
v7n!!f,Ung ‘poultry ho!ZTLI	• Wtal b °" th"
of the most discouraging things neu ft profit of $60 to $60 per an with which the farmer has to con- num. Ascertain carefully, y our
tend. With a judicious use of cur- best market, whether for Whole
tains the most of the front cu L^ or butter fat. Co-operate I Altogether 30,000 Scottish miners usually be kept out, but during a an<j reciprocate with your neigh- hav* eniiated in the array ainoe tiie aevere wmtcr it in almost imposai- Ur nothing els- pa iuite »o I outbreak of*H_M bio. The bert •uthontoe, advuw a I „u ’M co.0£ration.
Use Only Pure Bred Bulls.
m

I

1
Tïi
9.

G
and fiOulandn of Auld Scotia.


ir
t-


war
Official intimation has been re ceived in Glasgow that Liêut. T.
straw ceiling with a flu#; To pre- Koep and use only a pure bred knders, ^mUsing. ven	run on the wall and ceiling bull. Upon this depends the up-	The death has occurred at Len-
w	necessary to keep the waUe |reep nn<j improvement of the herd,	zie, of ex-Bailie Robert Crawford, a
-III? ni"d ."j1 ln cont*ct wlth There is very little difference in the prominent Glasgow citizen, at the
SEBES s iir ^	Tarrrt. _
ssxsa z Ænr»	•*•*— '•**• •- <¦">'"«
planned and you have the necessary catt*e* H necessary, go into debt of about $75,000.	Our illustration shows men of the Royal Artillery wearing coats
number of windows and curtains	for a	good bull.	The	death is announced of Mr. I	*bich *re supplied for use in special emergencies, for carrying
to provide ventilation. It would be	Feed Liberally.	Robert	Johnstone, saddler, Market	ammunition on the person directly to the gune in circumstance#
a good plan to put iu a flue, but be	XT .	., 4 , , ,	n , ,7 Place, Selkirk, a former standard	where it is impossible to get ammunition up to the firing line
Mire to make it large enough so as	Notf	tb.at »'balanced	ratio	bearer	of the town.	otherwise, or for use in rushing up supplies to a battery running
to take out enough air. Be sure *w>undl8 fves !ls ™uch	Fraserburgh Town Council have ®hLort. to save time when other mettes are rendered impracticable,
and arrange it so you can control ft,n unbalanced 21 pound rallon\““ resolved to impress upon the War The jackets have deep pockets and supporting straps and handles, the outlet. A flue 14 x 14 or 18x18	thafc continuous silage is sometimes	office the	advisability of billeting	1 he	weight of	the British field artillery	shells is	18	lbs. each.	Modern
inches will help in reducing the	cheaper than pasture. A ton ol al-	troopg jn	Fraserburgh.	artillery	ammunition is made	in	one	piece,	the cartridge	and
frost.	If the flue in your dairy barn falfa ha> equals in food value W)	0n t4ie petition of the Glasgow	detonator	and	the	shell	being	all	enclosed and	attached in	a single
is too	small, you will find it well bushels of oats. Keep m mind that	Corporation, the recent rise in	£JPP*r	<***,	exactly	in	appearance	like the	ordinary	rifle bullet,
to have at least one more. You can only 100 pounds of butter fat yearly house rent in the city is engaging | Thus ita porterage, as shown, presents no difficulty.
*ee by observing that lew frost col- Per cow cost the producer on an av the attention of the Government
lects near the flue. It is better to crage 35 cents per pound; and that Mr. J. J. Watson, Ballenard, 1 iir iiiii-rrn linntl nnuil TV have another one, instead of one	W0 pounds yearly cost 12% cents	Droughty	Ferry, has gifted $2,500 Hr	W Al 11 II	III I IN l\ 11Y Al I Y
flue too large.	about per pound. Thus does it pay	each to Dundee Institution for the |	til I II	III Ull IIUI flL I
royally to improve the herd
Produce the Feed.
.	, It pays better to market your ha.v institute for Liberbon village, to
IMsny recipes for preserving egge an(j gra,n jn the form of milk, but- include reading and recreation
have been tried with more or Wl Lr fat gteers and hogs. Erect one rooms, as well as a miniature rifle
e^Ur' or more ,ilo., grow alfalfa.com, range.
ess-s1 ¦¦ ...........................- - ¦*"
gSSSEpH:!	mâsMà
cracking the sheJls, a needle hole space of hay.	An alarming explosion occurred of foreign Royalties who were visitor two may be made in the shell to	| »e the Manure.	&t Langloan Ironworks, Coat- ing the British Court. In the per-
iÈSSCr:bSsPs- 1411
TV prime requisites for success cow, three-fourths of the plant food	of the death in action Perhaps the most kindly and ,whf-n Kll]Psts of our king, break
ircüj	EHH,€H-y3	j IfrÆSl?
XÏSL?S!&æcf.%æœznl^^avzan	= 5
1er almost filling the receptacle leaves nearly all its fertilizing con- wnts per hour, and the lamplight- Windsor his Majesty asked me to breakfast. *	If ;s nuf .	( mortify a
with eggs, a solution is poured over stitueuts in the manure to be re- prs for 48 ^ents weekly.	have the fire lighted in the writing- The Jate King of Denmark, in his c. ;	*' f f ,/
“n \ Pvep W f <^mpletely cov- turned to the land, while had the Mr. Andrew Stewart, F.E.I.S., room adjoining bis bed-room by later years, never had any break ^ few judiciously chosen word-* <»r ered, preferably half an mch to an hay been sold, this fertility would headmaster of Lairdsland School, seven on the following morning, fast, but at noon would take a -f	^Du^ut methods are
nch < eep With the aolution.	have been a total loss to the soil. Ochiltree, who has been in the aer- and a cupful of chocolate ready for mutton-chop served on a piece of joined advisable a withholding
onï pmÏTativVtat ca°n b" Eithrr us’ thr n,anure	ice ot I$"ard for » ^ °f 40 ^ the "T '"T" • H! told fhis k"^rcd ..as,	| f,T* of VTe intWpîÛen*"'
tafned of most drugdst. mVv, the farm' °r et°rC U 8 u?hall-W >ear8’ 1188 resigned.	aide ^camp toapologizc U, me for The King of Spam generally, ment, may often have the
! ’Is ; nound h L » 1 L Junf concrete pit, at a reasonable	dis-	At a meeting of the West Kil-	gmng me this	trouble Every	breakfacts entirely on chocolate, of [	aalntarv results without theTÜeij
hravv liouid whirl, muni l»r	tance fr°m the barn or milk-house,	bride School Board, several appli-	morning he was	at Windsor his	which he drinks three large cup	dant mortification of this harsher
nlr nl ^in	and thus save the valuable nitrogen cations were submitted, asking that Majesty nose at 6^30. and would fuis. After the first he lights a mode of punishment
Ewas in dlls solution will krm	that the ground, sun and	rain	children should be exempted to al-	read and write in his room until	cigar, and smokes it while lie	There is a certain dignity to
fectlv for eicbt to twrlvr «Lil	would help eliminate. Keep	the	low them to assist in potato plant-	his breakfast was	served at 9 a m.	drinks two more cups of his favor-	which everv young person is en
Another mixture of lime U made Paa("re highly fertilized. The ad- Ug	f r, , . w , I Consigned to the Basement. ite beverage	titled, and which it is often very
by using the following proportions dLtion of 1,me Phosphates, etc., to At a meeting of CowLaira	The roost bumptious King I	Some Royal Menus.	difficult for an oversensitive boy or
of ingredients : To each noimd of a cow pasture, has meant a	large	(.«nnnttce, it was	stated ttnat of-	ever attended wa# certainly the	. , . . , ..	giri to acquire. One such instance
Freeh stone lime a<ld a half pound increase in the yield of milk.	Mort-	mcn	^nl,sted, it	Kaiser. It was his habit to criti-	The Kaiser had by far Uic hear:i	a, that, cited in the opening *en-
lû".d Ic ’.xr.'S fp‘?'xur ""1 “"‘'H srV'r T	z: i< ScirT 'c, t
as*s ^«¦-*—«*•.	•sMtarss	srtJL*."œs\zs
fore the balance of the water is* Remember that the dairy cow is a of the Art (-aliénés at Kelvin-	of his own possession*.	and a large helping of game, and a naturally self conscious tempera
added. Water is added in half cim-i daily revenuc Pr°ducer and is the grove to the military authorities for The one work of art at Windsor conclude with a plate of fruit. He ment.
fuis at a time until the breakup most valuable asset on	the farm, j the housing of wounded soldiers.	Castle with which hi* Majesty had	drank a small cup of black coffoe at	In the instance just narrated,
down is complete • then the mixture I Hhe requires work, and	is profit-	A committee of ladies and friends	no fauit to find was a head and	the end of the meal, and then	which is an actual occurence, noth-
it stirred until of the consistency of I ahle in Proportion to the attention	of the Glasgow Highlanders is en-	ghoulder bust of himself, which he	smoked a very strong and enor	ing was	gained by the over zealous
cream, when the balance of water ¦ "he receives. She is a source of im-	dcavoring to raise a fund to pro	had given to King Edward shortly	mously lopg cigar.	mother	taxe the stirring up of a
and salt max be added. Stirling ie i niediate income, and at	the same	a P*Pf And drum band for the	af^r the latter’s accession.	The late King of Portugal was	rebellious fueling towards herself in
continued until the salt is all dis- time helps keep up the	fertility of	3rd battalion of the regiment.	The Court happened to be at	another monarch who had a fairly	the heart of that little girl, coupled
solved. This process is done the the soil. Also remember that the	At A.vr»	Dean	G““d 1 °“rt'	Windsor Caatle the day it arrived,	good appetite. He had an extra	with a certain self-abasement which
evening before the solution is to be dairy cow is a mother, and	that Pj®"*	p, .	Jor .Jhf e.r „on	and when King Edward saw it he	ordinary liking for eggs, and would	in after years was sure to return m
used. In the morning after the good care, kind and gentle usage.	°f a tjiberculo«s hospital at Hun-	said, with a laugh, to the We Sir	eat as many a* four or five	at	a I its	stinging force whenex;er
sediment ha* settled, the clear I liberal feeding, and healthful m	Avenue- f?r .î, Co^f I	Arthur Ellis, who was standing by,	breakfast. A favorite dish of	1,M	memory	rel.^ar^d the scene
liquid is siphoned off and poured I vironmenl are necessary if she is to	#Mimate<l cost or *i,a^d who was the C omptroller of the was n couple of eggs, very hard
....... =«;£“
During milking	time	use no	pro- a.Tw<> mmle7i nA.mpd .?r°m ^	The Armory was the name given
fane language.	Keep	dogs	and >s»npw>n, both of BothweRhaugh,	to a room on the basement fl<H»r.
when the K-ain	oold enough or »bu»ed by the hired m«n - i ^ filing on the Government	* Ma,,Pr of ra'*-
you	will	perhaps	be	astonished	to	never„pa'^L 11 “ m,s? and bfU,al	to take action to keep the price of	A couple of	v
eee	how	greedily	the	poultry	will	well. There always la some reas-	necessities within the purchasing	c*®\\	¦
<4 the oùrred corn. Give on for a cow a being restless Find power of the peop!e	before he arrived the late King
the cause and remove it.	Mr	8 M Murray, secretsrv of <‘Ame down to \\ indoor to have a
Fxlncationsl Institute of Scot look round, and to *** that all the j ¦	, land, and editor of the “Education-	necessary preparations for his
Provide ample	wind	protection,) a; NewH/» has intimated his resig-	8u<*at ',ad been properly made,
shade, salt and clean water. He ^ation He has been in po<-r After he had made an inspection who obeys all of these commands	for eoroe time	of the rooms with Sir Arthur Ellis. |
will reap abundant profits, for he | Tfi* ReV George Edward Mac his Majesty suckfcnly stopped and who acta apart the gross product of kenaie, M A., B.D., the senior as a"hfd:	.
a succession of single good cows	Ri*tant of Glasgow cathedral, has	Where on	earth is the bust of
rtgiilarly for 50 years, and keeps	geen gazetted a lieutenant in the the Emperor?
the accumulations at 6 per cent. | Seaforth Highlanders, and has join-	A[m'>r)» 1 believe, sir
interest will, at the age of 70, have ed hw battalion at Bedford	replied Sir Arttmr.
It may be interesting to Ameri- j to his credit not less than $30,- The chief constables of Scotland	Well, then,
“i, especially, army officers, to 000 00. Note well, that a thrifty by a majority, have adopted a re note that in the ten Hays' fighting steer nxav gain 500 pounds in a year solution in favor of the appoint-	UP	... ,	,	,
•bout Neuve CliapeUe 700 officer* which W0 pounds reduced to a dry ment of female constable*, and ap-	P1**	>ou ur >oll wl1! haYe	tkr	i
i=2,$H=3 ïssass»'* S-J3ZSS;
es mm i«=mm
3s^ara.Vî=r-	r:"X: ,.rr
that if the United State* were I	*	her of that without delay ’ "I wish V*** 5” *4,r^ ,hf nrf,Ft J fl
P-unged into a war on a huge scab ' Vnu never can tell. The college j —, VOu-ld tell me how," said Hall,	wade	it h## ever executed
* verv HngU trained officer would | student wibh the broadest shoul-1 *«| started grieving with her," re-	A!!#***¦ Mistake,
haw* W n kil1 -d at the end of eight ders isn’t always uhe one who car-1	the other
mont t* of fighting.	I nes off moat
combination of curtains and over them some kind of an absorbent
Mb
• v - * •
K
F



v*>

The Tsar's break fast used to consist of the strongest black coffee and a few piece# of dry toast. The coffee was a!ways made for his Majesty by his own valet, who was, by the way, one of tfie most remarkable men I ever met. He spoke English, French, German, and Italian absolutely perfectly, and had travelled all over the world. He was very fond of going to the theatre, and went every night during his master’s stay in London. He had written several plays himself which had been sue cessfully produced in Russia.
Buckingham Palace. A funny thing happened the first time he
visited London, in 1905—that was	In wise Modes of Punishment,
before hia marriage. King Alfon-svn was given the usual suite of rooms set apart for reigning mon-arche on the left wing, which was on the same floor as the private rooms of King Edward.
When the Spanish King went up to get ready for dinner on the night of hie arrival he entered King Edward's apartments by mistake. His Majesty was in his dressing-room putting on his shirt when hia guest, suddenly entered. King Alfonso, of course, apologized profoundly for his mistake, which the late sovereign took in the utmost good humor He asked King \!f<»n*o t<> remain in his rooms till he had fin- of ridicule would cause this wearing rshed dressing, and then escorted I <>f her oldest clothes on Sunday to him to his own rooms.	he a punishment which she would
not stoii forget. And herein her mother’s judgment did not err; for years afterwards the memory of
4-
blind and Dundee Y.M.C.A.
It has been decided to provide an
Years ago, a Jittle girl, wearing an old plaid shawl folded corner wise over her shoulders aud a Qua ker bonnet with a green silk cape, left her home, one rainy Sunday morning, for Sunday school.
Choking so ha and a tear stained face marked lier as a very unhappy child Her appearance at Sunday-school in this unumial rig had been chosen by her conscientious mo ther as the most effectual mode of punishment at her command for some, to her mind, grievous offence of her little daughter. Net lie was an extremely sensitive child, and her mother -reasoned that her dread
Preserving Eggs at Home.
KING OF SPAIN THF 401 JJ EST OF ALL MONAR( IIS.
Household Talks of the Kaiser
and Others.
frame
w.	to I At a meeting of Cow Lairs Ward ^	uiiu iin w „
a cow pasture, has meant a large I Committee, it was stated that ow- evcr attended was certainly the
the yield of milk. Mort | ing to J, 900 men having enlisted, it | Raiser
vour farm for a manure
ii*
It takes a long time to ag® a bis
Charcoal for the Chickens.
Canoes, Skiffs, Motor Boats
THE PETERBOROUGH LINE.
ears later the Kai-indso-r. The night
If any canoe can give you satisfaction. It is a "PETERBOROUGH." Always and ever the asms of service, model, strength and finish. Over fifty styles and sises Write for catalogue. The latest canoe Is the Peterborough canvas covered. Ask for illustrated folder. Skiffs for the popular Outboard Motors. Power Launches, all ***& nnd pow-Oet folders telling all about these.
THE PETERBOROUGH CANOE COMPANY, LIMITED,
PETERBOROUGH, ONT.
such a feed every two weeks. We do not mean that bite fowls should have to depend on the charred grain for the meal, but an opportunity to eat what they wish from the cob.
Provide Shade and Wind Protection tne
ers
OFFICERS* HIGH MORTALITY.

Rritish Lost Number Equal to 15 Per Cent, of U.8. Quota.
i

id hn Majesty, for mercy’s sake get it brought and put in the most conspicuous
vans
$55^
"Overotern” V Bottom
Motor Boût
Freight Prepaid to soy Railway Station in Ontario. Length 16 Ft., Beam 3 Ft. 9 In , Depth 1 Ft. 6 In ANY MOTOR FIT8.
Specification No. 2P giving engine prices on request Oet our quotations oa- "The Penetang Line" trimmer rial and Pleasure launches Row boats and Canoe#	¦
THE GIDLKY BOAT CO* LIMITED, PENETANG, CAN.
I
t
j
1

and I grieved

Tin* 1 JulUrst
r had at j &
i
an I
harder than she did V
ore
###PAGE###8###
DANIKL WILSON’S rKOPHECY
Removal Notice
The Sùawville Boot anil Shoe Store
Old Timor Recall* Professor*! Pro-
diction of Long Distance ’Phone.
the
I hâve removed t lit Meat Shop to I of Toronto who ha» been reading tl
of the to I’, ilougins (us stoxe, University Day»," by John King, where l am in a better position to K.C., writes us concerning two predic-
vatvr tv the want- of cuatonm|^ wH®h he htaN hi*lf » century
ago, and w hich are recalled by a passage in the memoir of Dr. McCaul, Your esteemed patronage solicited | says The Toronto Star Weekly. Writing of Dr. McCaul’» farewell to Upper Canada College, Mr. King says: "His words of farewell to his youthful charge were a finished Illustration of unstudied eloquence. They marked ‘the old mau eloquent* of future years, when, whether on platform, dais, or at the festive academic board, surrounded by those who were keeping alive the memories of Convocation day, he never failed, by the Hull. Que. | chaste elegance of Lis language, the
apt and just sentiments which it conveyed, and the graceful and happy manner in which it was uttered, to crown (he oratorical efforts	or-
Purehred registered Hoar for service. | casiou.”
Fee—f 1.00 for one sow, or $1.50 for two Apply to
1 desire to inform the public that
New Styles
No
r#

than heretofore



Matter
What
(iKO. ritKNDKRCiAST

A nice assortment of the latest styles in
Property for Sale Cheap
Men’s and Youths’ Hats
w
In the District of AMfleld, County of Pontiac. Range 1, Lots No. 451». 401» and 47b. For particulars apply to
Cf. E. HANSON.
at reasonable prices.
Something new and up-to date in
Your past experience has been, no matter how well you may have been satisfied with the shoes you have been buying elsewhere, you should certainly see our New Spring Shoes before making your next purchase.
For Service.
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
Our correspondent, who was present at a University dinner on the occasion referred to, says that "some of the dinners during the McCaul regime were brilliant affairs. There were occasional flashes of post-prandial oratory which were all but prophetic. Dr. (afterwards Sir) Daniel Wilson, who usually responded to the toast of the "Sister Universities," and more particularly to his own University of Edinburgh, was one of the happiest of prophets on such occasions. He was fond of lifting the veil of the future __ __ . _____ .	I and of peering, In Imagination, into
TO RATEPAYERS the undiscovered realms of science
and of predicting the complete raas-Muwd by Com. Carson, seconded by tery which it would gain over the yet Com. I haper, that all School Tax, for unconquered element which envelops past and present wars, not paid liy the the world In which we live. At one 1st <luv ot .bine, be handed t-> the Court of these early dinners, which Sir Dan-tor collection Carried	Mel Wilson attended, he recited, in his
Vi X xi V i Vi l'v	own inimitable way, the lines from
"Locksley Hall" by the Poet-Laureate, Tennyson:
will be found at
VETER MOYLE.
Lot 0, Range 4. Bristol
E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
For Service
A Registered Holstein Hull fea one dollar.
Service
The Best Shoe in the World
SAM KNOX.
McKee. Que
for the money is what we aim to give you, in every grade that we sell. Once wear our shoes and you will know why we make such stirring claims for them.
A FINAL NOTICE
Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will be supplied at about old price.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
Call and see the new styles.
P. E. SMILEY.
\«t. S c. Trta*.,
H'l Municipality <»t t 'larvmlou
-
"For 1 dipt into the future, far as human eye could see Saw the vision of the world, and all ' the wonder that would be;
Saw the heavens till with commerce, argosies of magic sails I’iluis ol the purple twilight dropping - down with costly bales;
r LNVKX- (beard the heavens Ml with shouting, | _
ami there rained a ghastly dew From the nations' airy navies grap plfng in the central blue."
Supplied as customers may reqnire
M
Ft (mates furnished

Shaw
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand. '
The family in a group photograph More they have li lt the vl<l tire-id»* and t into the big world. Ever it ! When the family U -vat 1. how glad you will be that voit
When die wants 1 her. we i
1
r
oi
l K
?

i
I
k ot
PROMPTLY SECURED
GEO. E. WAINMAN
SHAWVILLE.
t
had it d
JXiiry t'ummi--io minion. The 1 tail, the Department ot -oon been me known ghout Canada.
Edward Island t
d by the Illustration Itain i* and the Travelling lii- ot Ottawa. Mi. (i. II The output of cheese Miss M. I
II. Imison, and butter in Canada added to tlie tj
reputation of its rural workers.
'Die C. T. K. -talion ami freight . Dther publie ^erviees of eontiini shed at Egan ville, with all their and growing value were * contents, were destroyed bv tire angurated, while Professor Robert on April 22nd. Loss about	son was Commissioner of igrieiil
Vmotig them were the Live
Cold Storage lira in Com
n
!
r
I. I
x. \
- AI »V'18! It.winch will be sent free MARION & MARION.
3C\ University St.. Montréal.
ot
ying >er\ i
Agriculture and trusted I rom Prince XIbeita, farmer-
Marketf" Pulpwood
;
LOCAL NEWS
And then followed the prophecy,
W. Lothian. ,lial 11,0 bmc was not far distant
*. when seme professor addressing his
lH»th 4tUlienlR in ihe Imperial University
lir.ïrs.ïï’oï“S: Five dollars oer cord will be paid by the
versity College Sir Daniel's bold pre-	i • i r	.	. _	^
diction has not yet been verified, but UllUCrSIgllCU IOF ally (jUailtlty 01 PuTLAIi AND ÏÎASSWoOD » shower, who will say that it shall not be ere
1, ttitHi tii^sun goes down on another genera- Pvi.I'wood delivered at any siding or station along the
Can. Pacific Railway Pontiac branch.
M
M.
i
i
\i
btfiti -ti uvtor-
i
t Ottawa
bill
lr. W. Brown friend-of the bride, ant ley, w here -he dit of, gave the in-
1 -till have a few
<
til \
I’ll

!
very highly m- tende*I bride a whith invlud»*!
I ri
Y
present'»
The h
.¦¦¦¦¦¦
Stock H ni mh. tin
St'tM 1
petition-. Trial shipment- of Fruit ¦Mie I lilted Kingdom, and Ex-[
ten-iim - ot Markets.	Canadian Bayonet of Medium Length.
T.-.Y.Vl'	‘\r Vt. u vl.v 1 ^The following memorandum was
i lami.ig Io\rnient, the School , Issued recently by the Militia Depart
• miileus. Ijouseh(|ld Seleuee, and ment, apparently in reply to com-t lie t on-<di<lated Rural Schools. monts in letters received from Col In move recent year-. Dr. Hubert- Currie, M.P., at the front:	I A Toronto University medical stu-
The Minister of Militia ha-a— m- <!m ^^s Chairman of the Royal ‘ Articles have appeared in the Jcnl had a horrifying experience in cd the directors of the Central t oimiu^sioii on Industrial Training press recently attempting to point -he bacteriological laboratory • the Canada Exhibition Association a,u* icchmcal Education. Far- out the disadvantage of the Ross I her day when he cleaned off u spot that the soldiers now training ami	^ ïj1 «11 province- arc familiar	bayonet, with which Canadians are	]oc a microscope slide by licking it.
mobilizing on the Ottawa Fair	"dth the Survey of Farm- by tile	armed at	the front, in comparison	; He found out a few minutes later that
(>n muds will be away from there	* onym—ion of ( onset vat ion and	with other	make^, particularly on ac-	the spot was composed of a culture of
The mobilization on l,ut Illustration Farms of it- Com- count of length. The following in-	MPlnal meningitis germs,
these grounds, last year, cau-ed nMUee on Land-, of which he i- formation will, no doubt, be of gen-	All the	professors	and	doctors Inanimé minors that it xvould hinder Chairman.	eral Interest:	mediately began hustling around to
the 11)11 Exhibition being held.	I» these and many other ways,	"Length	of rifles and bayonets us-	see what copld be done for him while
In order to prevent a recurrence of	***'- Robertson has given the far-	ed by the	principal nations at war	‘be victim of bis own carelessness
similar reports regarding the RM3 mer* of Canada the best that was are:	mentally underwent all the pangs of
Exhibition, President Rate and 1,1 lmn- He say* lie is their debtor, | 'Germany — Rifle. 4 feet, 1.4	tbe dread	disease.
Manager McMahon interviewed for many opportunities, for much 1 inthcs; with bayonet, 5 feet, 9.95	Presently was discovered	the	stu-
General Hughes. Résiliés assuring kindness and for warm apprécia-1inchP8-	tent who had prepared and used the
the Exhibition officer- that the Hons. Rut they are his debtors	Austria—Rifle, 4 feet. 2 inches;, dide previously, and much to the retroops would be removed in mid- UM)'	,,e novv mninds them bayonet, 4 feet, 115 Inches.	I»ef of the trembling victim and the
sumnmr. the Minister asserted «f that for the Ural time in order I Turkey—Rifle, 4 feet. .6 inches;	| perturbed	professors	he	announced
that tlie militia authorities would 10 establish his right and privilege ' wif.^J>l*>!onet' 5 ^ * * inches.
! ditki’Zk S.ar*1 '"""2'""'"...............................1 '% «:?«
HIS	Isis
Dominion grant. This follows the a well known farmer of West inches’	7 * ’ 5 feet’ 9
action of the Department of Agri- lYmpleton. was struck by light- "Great Britain — (Short Lee En. culture in substituting, for the for- nmg and entirely destroyed. The field) rifle, 3 feet, 8.5 inches with mer Dominion Exhibition grant, a family escaped without injury, bayonet, 5 feet, 117 inches ' much larger sum to be distributed The loss is estimated at about among several fairs. The manage- e5,000. ment of the Ottawa Fair is devoting all the new bonus to increasing the prizes in the utility c lasses of live stock, comprising horses, cattle, sheep, swine and poultry.
The first herald of the 1915 ‘Ottawa Exhibition—a lithograph hanger- has gone forth figure of a khaki-clad soldier, waving the British flag, and part- , . ,	,
1y hidden by a profusion of grain wh,vh 14 ,vw parlour games were in sheaves, illustrates the motto of tH* 1 > the younger people present this year s Exhibition-Patriotism *Vtor reading of a portion of — Production. To promote enter- Scripture and Prayers were offered, the prise in production, the Central ringing of the* National Anthem brought ( anada Exhibition Association is a very happy evening to a close.—1 increasing prizes in farm products a* well as adding the $5,UU0 Dominion grant to live stock premiums, also continuing the policy of paying freight on animal exhibit* from two province*.
The death occurred at Ottawa on Sunday. April 1*3. of Major <;. s Rolling-worth, formerly of Rem broke, and for the pist 20 \ crier at the sitting- of theSuprem* Court of Ontario in Ottawa. Hi was 70 year- old.
The achievements of present clay iviatiou, particularly In the European war, mid of the long distance telephone and wireless message bv land und sta, were evidently not wholly imaginative to the men who gave utterance to such predictions.
I'.v
ip rt
1
M
ir*

t
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Licked Vp Dreaded (ienns.
Ottawa Exhibition
Let Us Show You a Young Man’s Suit That’ll Please
by July
that (he germs were dead before his onfrere had licked them, as they had been oasmed over a flame
*H We talk of a suit that’s smartlooking, and that’s sensible look-
The soft roll collar of this suit becomes increasingly popular with a large number of young men. This particular style unites with the soft roll, the peaked lapel, and the vest to show above the opening.
mg.
Peek wouldn't stop talking long enough to untie# :l—Judge.
Amphibious Forces.
The use of naval forces on land la. of course, by no means novel, but not every one knows that It Is a direct re-
"Canada—(Hogs) rifle, 4 feet, 2.5 inches; with bayonet, 5 feet, 1 Inch.
"It Is interesting to note that the
American rifle is 3 feet, 7.2 Inches | versa 1 of the policy adopted In the ear-
long and wilt the bayonet, 4 feet, 11 inches.
CHARTERIS
ly days of the navy. Under Cromwell's rule army officers were placed In command of war v
Admiral Blake was a colonel In the new model army before be went to ¦o | Another notable soldier to be placed In
was General Monk, first duke of Albemarle, who justified the transference by winning two great sea fights against the Dutch.—Dundee Advertiser.
May 1 —A pleasant evening wa* «pent •n Tuesday at the new home of Mr. and Mrs. Leslie Heavens, Charted*, l,y frienda and neighbour* of the district.
A suitable address of welcom * iv i ; read by the Rev. Charles Reid, after
Is, and the great
< hivf Holds HI# Land.
A seven t y-eighty car-old Indian, eon of Chief Kijikomanitou, c patented by George IV., was defendant ‘in an action brought by John emoy- McAllister,
feribt-s himself as a foreman action was brought to recover possession of two lots on Long Lake, Herechel township. Hastings, part of
Voir the Patern«l ?‘•tale of the defendant, to whose family the land was granted by the Crown in 1876. The plaintiff claimed, under a tax sale and under a quit-claim deed from a sis-
Stewart of Murrells) and Miss slon, as he ha# occupied the lands __	Ethel I y hi isa Brown, (eldest daughter of for 28 years.
gtsuve BySAssiee as:
Society, by Dr. James W. Robert-1	¦	._____
* he bnde wa* given away by her
Dr. Robertson Is a till beet koown I	wore a suit of Holland
to the farmer* of Canada as Pro- Wlth “t to match and carriol a feaaor Robertson. He began hla|hr>D<luet nf	of valley. Her
official public service at the On- N*er, Nellie, was bridesmaid ; she also tario Agriculture College nearly I famed lillie* of the valley. The groom# thirty years ago. Twenty-five bn*ther. Charlie, acted a* best nmn year* ago lie went to Ottawa a* Those in attendance weie t
coat
Tin
command at
of Bancroft, who de-
Q In Scotch, English
tweeds—the new patterns of the new season—one is assured in this design of a fine suit for immediate
always tailored-to-measure, when a Hobberlin Suit, and finished in best standards of the House.
or
Why Ms Objected.
"New," said the principal to one of the pupils at the close of the lesson in which he bad touched on the horrors of wsr, "do you object to war, my boyT
"Yes, sir; I do," was tbs fervent answer.
"Now tell us why."
"Because," said the youth, "wail make history, an' I Jest bate bistory.* —Exchange.
Marriage Notice
\
wear
The Farmers and the Red
Cross Society.
The Few Did Well. Although there are only twelve women in the town of Carcroes, Yukon territory. Including one Japanese and one Indian, they have been doing a splendid work on behalf of the soldier# and have sent a parcel of knitted goods to the Canadian Red Cross. These comfort» were sent by the pa----- triotic league of that little town In
he groom's ] the far north.
Hadn’t Used One.
Uncle Eire—Eph Hoskins roust have had some time down In New York.
SOLE AGENT for HOBBERLIN TAILORING

Uncle Ebeo—Yep. Reckon he traveled
a mighty swift pace. Eph'e wife said that when Epb got back and went into bis room be looked at the bed, kicked ft and said. "Whale that durn thing
ARCHIE DOVER
