###PAGE###1###

-



O
No. 43, 32nd Yeah
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
APRIL 15, 1‘J15
«1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.

Î555?
H
W

The Bank of Ottawa
The Merchants Bank
Of Canada.
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada.
$ 4.000,000 4,978,200 60,000,000
Quality
ESTABLISHED 1804
Capital Paid Up
Rest and Undivided Profits
Total Assets over •
Paid up Capital $7,000,000 Total Assets over Eighty-three Millions of Dollars.
Reserve Fund $7,248,134
A man likes to feel that the Merchandise he buys consists of the best standard articles, with an honest reputation. Pride of possession is strong in any line of goods, therefore we endeavor to supply our customers with the very best the manufacturing world produces ;
President — Sir. II. Montaouk Allan Vice Pres. — K. W. Blackwell
Board of Directors I
<;<*n. Manager — E. F. IIkulen
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
220 Branches and Agencies in Canada
A Savings Bank	,je 0,Je rated a* a Joint A cot.
®	Incurs no expense nor formality
Account
Vice-President
SIR HENRY N. BATE RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLBY
B. C. WHITNEY.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager.
DAVID MACLARBN,
Is a most decided business asset Insures money for investment.
D. M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager W. DUTHIE, Chief Inspector.	_
Service
Shawville Branch i Quyon Branch I
W. F. DRUM, Acting H[gr.
We are always anxious to give our customers the very best service, prompt and intelligent.
Any failure in this respect should be promptly reported for correction.
When you are thinking of PAINT please remember that we are agents for the
well-known SHERWIN WILLIAMS
There is none better, a Paint for every purpose.
Fort Coulongo Branch • B. F. CHILTON. Manager Campbells Bay Branch • R LEGER. Manager. Portage da Fort Branch
A. H. MULHERN, Manager
(i
Business as Usual”
has made % attendance at the DGOWLINC	/) A
HENRY’S
Read Dover's Ad. on last page.
Amateurs, arrange your “ snap# ’’ in a neat album during the winter evenings. I ill have a few left
Dents Celebrated English Gloves—
Ladies’ and Gents—in Suede, Kid and Chamois -all sizes and popular shades, at P. E. Smiley s.
G. A. Howard hat store rooms
already fitted up in the old Dagg A Dance and box social in aid of building, which now occupies the the Portage du Fort hockey club south-east corner of Centre and it* announced to be held in the,.. .	. , 4.	., A
King streets.	• town hall on Tuesday evening of !° K“'t 111 1 H‘ history. Why not take
v. ......	.	next week, 20th. See posters, advantage of the dull times and*^e™
Now that the bad-roads season	for the wave of prosperity that is bound
is on, the rural mail and the rural Mr. A. E. Posed white, has se- to sweep over the Great Country when phone will be found to bo almost cured a ixmition in the Horticid-1 u,c war is over? indispensable conveniences by tural division of the Central Kx-	¦¦#¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
rural residents.	perimental Farm, at Ottawa, and
Quite a number of farmers ' Hwrtcl for duty on Monday.
around this section are likely to Our citizen street cleaning indulge in the luxury of autos this brigade got to work Friday morn-season. Several it is said have ing, and cleaned up the tons of, ... .T .
tst:...........r :
ing-out timenrnve*.	fold, S„^k., where her husband	, ,	X. I. HARRISON, Principal.
æjrusfzar	..ZTZ,
Grounds, on Thursday, April 29th. | brother, Percy. She was aceom- Mr. Raleigh Morrison, returned 1	WA* °nt.
All horses should be on the pnmed by Miss C elia Horner, of from Sheep Creek, B. C. last week.
by the Live Stock Dept., Ottawa. tawa. bus Induced the Postmastci

H. hi ison
Ottawa, Ont.
OTTAWA,ONT
“ I will study and prepare myself, and some day my chance will come."—Lincoln.
That the times will be exceedingly good after the war is the general opinion. Why not. then, take up Shorthand and Typewriting, and be ready for the positions that will surely await every com potent stenographer and typist Send for circular.
D. E. HENRY, President.
Cor. Bank and Sparks Sts
prepare
J. H. SHAW.
E
f
Write for Free Catalogue
H. G. W, Braithwait Prln.
\v. E. GoWLING Prln.
WILLIS COLLEGE
It pays to got the best.
W. A. HODGINS
SHAWVILLE
SCHUMACHER’S FEED
We still have a good supply of this Feed
(a mixture of Barley, Oats and Corn)
The ideal Feed for Hogs and Cattle
$1.85 per hundred, $35.00 per ton.
HORSES FOR SA LE-We have 36 hordes for sale cheap. On account of no work in the city, we will sacrifice every horse. Healey Cart auk Co., Ottawa.
E
him at
Mr. A. E. 1’ossel white returned
General to establish another rural,.	,
mail route in Onslow, to be known hist week from a trip to New
,V York State.	r
Acknowledgment—Mr, W. A.
Hod gins has receiver! from the *. ^ n % D
B* IIE9I1IES saaF---
^ieie H weeks	M| 8 has been cugaged since last
lb. srtsrs	m .,A	^ rL'nSurs
vided does not adequately fill the bill. Whether the pressure thus brought to bear will have the desired effect remains to be seen.
FOR SALE—Road Cart, in good condl tion —newly painted— Apply to Geo PRENOERG A ST.
No
Six
Get your supply of . . .
Potato Onions and Dutch Sets
We have them now in stock
FOR SA LE—Selected Seed Oats, O. A. V. No. 72—pure and clean. Also one 12 Disk Superior Drill. Apply to Walter Hodginh, Shaw ville.
look after the envelo weekly offerings.
are some arrears, the	„ „v, v vuv „»Vvds ,,
standing of the congregation is remain for the Summer, in ho|>es *¦	that her health may be benefit ted.
fairly satisfactory
All
our Garden and Field Vegetable Seeds
are now on hand.
WANTED AT ONCE-A girl to do
general housework on farm—no milking. Apply to Mrs. J. H. Smiley, R. No. 2, Shawville.
A copy of the Bedford News, re ceived from Yen. Archdeacon
serfr» £ i	3"'- -
battlefield of his nephew, Lance
Corporal Herbert V. Naylor, to 1 At Brock, Sask., on Monday, pure bred White Wyandotte* and Barred whom reference waa made in our April 5th, to Mr. and Mrs. Irwin Plymouth Rocks. $1.00 per netting of issue of April 1st. No particulars | Smith, a daughter, Eveline Ma> of the circumstances surrounding thoyoimg soldier’s death, however, had been received up to April 2nd.
Many of the young* people of Shawville and vicinity wereschool-
Births
Mr. R. J. Cuthbertson, of Bristol, (who recently purchased the Wait Farm near Arnprior) had some <eed barley for sale, and let the fact be known through a little ad. in this paper, and a few days afterwards his supply of barley
, a son
EGGS FOR HATCHING-From
Sprayers
gg*. Apply . Bristol, (jue
to Mrs. Maxwell
16 e
Dons,
was disposed of ; but would-be purchasers kept coming along,
Mr. C. felt that he would have get that ad. out of the paper as soon as possible, otherwise the number he would have to disappoint would far exceed those he was enabled to supply. The little ad. invariably gives results.
A necessity for your Current, Berry Bushes and Fruit Trees. Prices 50, 75 and $1.00
Deaths
HO
FOR SALE—Pure bred Chester White Pigs, five weeks old. Apply to David
to
.	^	...	,	. Mr. George Duncan, who for	Shawville, Que
mates of Herbert when lie resided many years held the position of here with his uncle, and have city passenger agent for the learned of his death with muchlC. r. R. at Ottawa, fell dead in regret. Something of his
of late years is given in the follow-1__ . 1 Ë^M !¦ ing paraprapb from the News ment, at 10 o'clock on Tuesday of 4 Previous to enlisting the de- last week. Death was due to ceased who was in his twent fourth year occuDied a i
FOR SALE—1 year old colt, 1 2 year old coll. 1 four-year old colt — a nice driver. The above are all mare*. Ric hard Hvxes
career I the office of Mr. C. A Blair, chief 111
clerk of the Immigration depart- ! R. M. D. No, 3, Shawville.
Invincible Fencing
Seasonable Hints	1 ceased who WM In his” twin*- | hwrtwbwTthe
There has beenlemml b, the De- toï'a EB.°SSrV« ‘wlSpe'," SïïTTlXÎÔFr.‘BESS «.*l5 KA partaient of Agriculture through About a year ago the company hi* 55th year. He was one of Ot the branch of the Experimental gave him a vacation with a eepass’* I tawa’s best known business men barras, a brief pamphlet contain- which enabled him to visit many and a deservedly popular official mg seasonable hints for the infov- important points, on the contin- His remains were taken to Mont
“ iSSUsr»®»	tu" 5*6	'"r
raiiierH and gardener». While it Winnipeg he identified himself Last week's issue of the Caneton contains only 12 pages, it is replete with the Y. M. C. A- and became Place Herald appeared in mouin-with'•uggcHt loiiM and recommeiida- one of its foremost athletes, dis- ing in consequence of the death of turns made m the hope that some tlngulshlng himself as a boxer, Mr. Samuel J. Allen, one of the nt them at least will be helpful to flW tanner, and runner. In the Allen Bros, who for the past 31 «‘rtch and every reader who n«utm , running contests at Valcartier and years liave published the Herald a copy. Practically all of the Salisbury he was always found in with marked ability. Mr. Allen's suggestions made *luj rmom the front rank. His letters and death was due to Bright’s disease.
lowering of the cost of the |»,t wii written the day before the late William Allen, founder of
SshSfS	iEfSé'trI
Uw», Ont.	I Corporal.	I y, hfe loeg boainew partner.
Increase in prices.
We advise our customers to secure their requirements at once, as on May 1st we will be compelled to advance all prices— 2c. per rod up to 7 strand—over 7 strand 3c. per rod.
FOU SALE—Improved Chester White Young Pigs, flt for registration. Ready for delivery about April 12th and April .'Kith—palls no kin. Also a quantity of good oats. H, T. McDowell. Shaw-ville.
('XINCRBTKCULVERTS. PIPES AND - curbings for wells sold at Works Contracts made with Municipalities to manufacture Pipes in their own localities. IL T. McDowell Sl Sox. Shawville. Que.
When you want the best value for your
. money In ..
ii

SHINGLES
at $1.65 per M- and up
Also Lathe, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor Ing. Mouldings, Doors, etc., try
A. F. CAMPBELL,
W. A. HODGINS
Arnprior, Ont
###PAGE###2###
heated oven until it is warn* through.
Clean jour sewing machine frequently if you would have good service. Kerosene oil and obsorbent cotton are admirable for the purpose ; follow wih a good lubri^ cator.
Cracker* in Cookery#	I There is a vast difference between/
For tired feet, throw a handful txf Kpsom salt* into a foot-tub ofl very warm water. Immerse that feet and ankles for 10 or 15 minutes, dry quickly and get into bed. Refreshing sleep will follow and that tired, aching sensation will be quite gone. Continue every night until a cure is completed.
laid out in bed with the rheumatiz. 1 can see jest how quick they’d give me all the law allows, especially when such a public spirited citizen as you brought the action ! Now get out fore we chuck you down in that dry well of yourn and board you in !'
“And that," concluded Caleb, placidly, “was jest what had happened. Nate's well, that had never failed as long as it was free to all, had gone dry when he tried to keep it all for himself. We'd cut the \ein before it got to Nate’s well,, and the water ran into Dex ter s well instead of Nate’s. And so Nate’s haulin' water from the Hemlock spring instead of Dexter, that's all.” -Youth’s Companion.
TT'DxVJlxrJP i' iVFiV iT»' iîi1 iV iICaIC i uhUUUUi
4ft *>
HOME
S
Mr. Peaslee’s Judgment
*


Fl? 0L;
xf&shrn
I
j
Mr. Hyne shaded his eyes w ith Ins hand, the better to watch a gaunt wlute horse, drew a wagon laden with two barrels along the dusty road. The driver was humped moodily upon the seat.
>
%
«

which laboriously




i


Q
catsup tu make a smooth paste. Spread on crisp saltines and ser\e two on a plate with a slice of Jemou and two sluffe<l olives.
Mock Oyster». Form fresh sausage meat into oval cakes resembling n large oyster in shape and Hull liberally in finely rolled soda crackers and saute in a sing a good amount of beef ping* and butter. Cook long enough to let centre be well done, and do not let outside get too dark or
t
“Ain't that Nathan Turner haulin' water from Hemlock spring 1 he demanded in surprise.
Mr. Peaslee nodded his head contentedly, and Mr. Hyne sat back helplessly in his chair.
“There ain't any drought,
“Resides, Nate Turner al bragged that he had a well
ï
\


w >

I
¦¦

+
he
RED CROSS SERVICES.
7
Fa id
size

!

an
,1;
w ay s
that never failed him

News of interest to every relative and friend of the Canadian sol diers who are now in France and of those who will in the near future he in t lie zone of operations has been received at tlie head office of the Canadian Red Cross Society from Colonel Hodgetts, Canadian commissioner in l»ndon, in which he sa vs that he "has completed
rip



Mr
remarked with seeming irrelevance, the workin' of a judg-it'll almost scare
Sometimes,
Cow» on Safe (>round.

Vcaslci
With a fraction of uncertainty on one or two point», auch poasibly at high prices for feed, scarcity of help, the dairy farmer, nevertheless, the whole Dominion over, ii actually engaged now in planning for a more abundant milk harvest than ever from his faithful, patient cows. The prudent, far sighted man has cogitated nearly all points, such a* seed selection, labor-saving implements, bette: stable», more alfalfa, a new silo, abundant water and the best cultivation he can possibly give to the land ow ned or rented.
On many dairy farms, however, one more point needs immediate attention before the herd owner can truthfully be said to be on really safe ground. For, if the abundant crop or the expensive feed purchased is given to a cow, or cows, whose dairy ability is lacking, sadly lacking, some one is bound to receive an unpleasant surprise and disillusionment. If dairy ability means ability of the cow to turn feed into good milk at low cost, is it not the step of w isdom to make sure that each cow on the premises does possess that ability 1
Where no cow testing has been , practised a moderate estimate ia
eliort ensp top.	that three out of twenty cows con-
I riU’kiT lorlf. - ngredient*: ie f„d vahled as high a„ th,
hour eggs, one cupful of fine granu- prjcc received for the milk they lated sugar, one-quarter cupfu.	vjf|c|>	Dairy	records	aim at	de-
of cold water, one teaspoonful of	these	bovine	crook»;	but
\anilla extract, one cupfu of crack- further, a study of records, kept so er dust, two tab rspnoiifti i of co- easily, show the dairyman which coa. one scant teaspoonful "f hak-	priduce the most milk and
ing powder. Method Break eggs fat, and which produce tlicm the into a large round bottomed bowl,	cheapest, (for	instance 63 or	95
add sugar and heat five to seven	cents	per 100	pound»	of milk),	so
minutes. Add water and extract, any man keeping dairy records ii
speedily on the home stretch towards the winning post inscribed Hea<h cow pays a good profit. That is safe ground.
s

"you can see ment &o plain
) ull. '
ft
crisp.
Escalloped Oysters. — Drain the liquor from a pint of oysters. Small ones will do. Place in layers in & small pudding dish, seasoning each layer with salt, pepper and dots of
Between each layer and top strew a good layer of fine cracker crumbs, dotting top well with butter oven
top is light gold color.
Est ai loped Tomatoes, directed for oysters, but also add a teaspoonful of sugar to the
The juice
f


Mr. Hyne s look became that of
patient endurance. “1 s’pose when
you think fit, Caleb,’’ he said,
>ou 11 tell me what yoo mean.” .	.	,	,
Mr Peaslee lost no time in doing ! arrangements for the information
Nate Turner has bragged ! bureau to forward particulars rv-
s 'mm bhssi
*	.ras sraprf
B5;ZVÜ51—' r; A
•	When Old Man Turner died and ««»<• *“l> th«r co-operation.	,
house jest up the hill for more n for. the purps.se of keeping the re- New Recruit :
They always got wa Native* and friends of wounded and supposed to do “ *	missing British soldiers cognizant
of their progress and whereabouts, j It was felt that a similar scheme might he started by the Canadian 1 society and the message received from the commissioner shows that this has been done. Canadians w ill therefore be able to hear how their j wounded sons and brothers are progressing and to know of their safety if missingf or captured.
There must he few people in this

%

butter

so
over
y
Bake in moderate until well heated through and


Proceed
own
3kg

as



v
seasoning of each layerH | |	|
<1 rained from tomatoes may be partly added if many cracker are used, while the rest may he used for soup stock.
Meringue.—Beat the whites with a revolving egg heater until stiff, add sugar, two spoonfuls at a time, beating two minutes between. Now pile on top of pie or run on with a pastry squirt, sift a spoonful of sugar oxer top and set in moderate oven until a tight golden color. Meringue must then cot place <>r it will fall firm and creamy in centre with a
A» 11 1» loo Often.
What are we
Lu mine. Bill
Here's an officer
forty years
ter out of the Turner well, not h avili "any well of their own, and no place to dig one, 'count of the farm bein’ so ledgy. The only vein of water under the hill cornea out down in the holler where the Turner well was.
“Well, one morning* after Old Man Turner died, Dexter hobbled down to the well with his water pail, and lie found Nate there, nailin’ up a sign that said. No 1res-	,	. A 1	„
PM.*’.’ Dexter didn't reel ire country do not each morning
as vm-jras dpf ^F~
?	i have been wounded, or in some
‘ Nate let his spite out all in a | cases killed. Now that the Pritv hunch. 4Well,* he says, “you have,	<H>SS 1 jlts a,v 1,1 xjw tient	lies	a i	i	They call it Kitcheners Army,	but
for one, and there's others that’s	Paf* 1 V expcditionaiy	on	t |s	i	wfiat 1 liaxc seen is something	far
runnin' to my well all the time, cither in h ranee or on its wa\ it 11 greater than an army. It is a bein’ too shiftless and lazy to dig	U1 ! therefoie soon t in o Democracy in army. Here is the
a well of their own. but it’s goin bring line, these i-ts wi '< village blacksmith and the village to stop,’ he says. You take that	watched with even girater	in «	res	1>ars<,n, the squire s son, and	the
pail and get out of here, and don't	* ban before The names	ha	we	^x,ung farmer, the miner, and	the
you come here agin after water, wish leaat of all to see aie mse <» mechanic, the factory hand, and So Dexter, not wantin' any trou- x li‘ kil ed. men who have a enon the city clerk, the artisan and the ble, took his pail and crippled back * held of honor in tie g re a es <X)ij(4ge graduate, the business man
up the hi!!.	cauw that, ih€>' couId f?rt' the and the doctor, the lawyer and the
• WclL___Dexter, being close- Ctiuk° of freedom and ugliteoiis- tradesman. This man was a stock-
mouthed, said nothin about it, hut ness ; to look down the co mini <? broker, this other waited at table, took to luggin water, a pailful at casualties and see the name o <>ne Q|. mcasurt,c| tape, or washed dish-a time, from the Hemlock spring— wounded is almost a relief, for he es They have come, of their own and that * near a half a mile from l,u^*lt have been mi-sing it îe	will, from cottage and castle
his place.	But	he’s	get tin	along	in	wounded	list conveys no umei am	t<> ug€r their lives to their coun-
and	has	rheumatiz.	and	fust	ty ; it	is	true am one accepts the	for the know that England's
news with more hope Missing cause jg jllBt writes Henry Noble
eaves an emptier feeling One Ha|, an American pmrnaist. fears long suspense, or worse than
all, utter darkness.	These are the men who are going
A new field of work has now open- to crush militarism, and when the ed for the Red Cross, a work that task is accomplished those who are will commend itself to every Cana left will lay aside their khaki and dian and especially those whose their guns and go back just as brothers, suns and husbands have quietly as they came.	^ es, you
crossed the water to fight in the will say, “but what kind of soldiers great Armageddon. It will be a do they make I” The answer i retie f	to	many to hear that some	and	I am understating the truth—
thing	is	now being done to trace	they	are equal to the finest regular
those who have been lost in the troops that England has ever put in
the field at any period of her history. That is not the snap judgment of a newspaper man ; it is the deliberate opinion of professional soldiers, of white-haired generals who have fought in or seen every war in the last half century.
» ill Ask No Quarter.
And you do not have to be in Aldershot long to realize that Kitchener s army is as clean lipped as it is clean limbed. That these men can he turned loose on to Germany without fear of doing anything that will tarnish their country « name. They will outrage no women, and plunder no property, nor will they net l&ouses on fire except as military necessity dictates. But God pity the men who have to face them with arms in their hands. For these are not men to ask quarter, and I do no think that they will give it. The more I saw of Kitchener's army the stronger my impression The potentialities of life that lie grew that this is something far few ounces of soil, as illua- ; greater than any army. I have
seen but a tiny portion of it, and astonishment has given way to admiration, admiration to pride, and ru-1 pride to awe. Truly this is a Democracy in arms Men who have the same love of liberty and the same respect for law as million# of other men in the United States. They have laid aside each one his work for a brief space, and have taken arms to defend the weak At ! against the strong, to drive the invader from wasted Belgium, to crush Prussian militarism.
Drawn by Alfred
Second Ditto:—4‘I dun no Ivcvte in lvondun Sketch.
Let 's cut him dead
the village
given her sons on greens and on the playing fields of lier Public schools has told. All these men have played games, and now they are learning to play the greatest of all games. But they are doing it as sportsmen. It is sport sobered by duty, and into it they are putting their whole hearts I hey ire Learning Only the Ne- and every ounce of ability and
strength they |	».
Presently we shall see these men passing down the road on their way hack to the field kitchens. There is the glow of health on their cheeks and the light of pride in their eyes.
They have done a good morning’s work, and they know it. Some of the companies march a little better than others, hut the average is
good, quite as good as our National beat well and then heat m the prepared cracker dust. As soon as well blended pour into a small Vandusen tube mold and bake until a toothpick if inserted comes out clean. Invert and cool in pan, then either ice with plain confectioners icing or letter still split into three layers and spread unsweetened whipped cream between and over top and sides. By using one pint of cream this will be sufficient for eight people.
Cinnamon Cracker*.—Nice with afternoon tea Take plain soda biscuits, spread with soft butter, sift well with sugar and cinnamon and bake light gulden crisp.
Margerites. — Ingredients : One egg. one cupful of confectioners’ sugar, one-half cupful of ground pecans, a dusting of cinnamon (optional). Method : Beat egg and sugar for ten minutes and rest and beat well. Run along top of salt wafers, or you can use plain soda crackers.
Cracker Sandwiches.
KITCHENER'S ARMY Will WIN
1 in a warm It must he
\\	\ H ERICA N JO CRN A LIST
GIVES IT III!;REST NIAISE.
ve<<iry Essentials; No Frills Ceremonial Drills to Conte.
Guard regiments at home. But here comes a company far better than the rest. The captain, a splendid fellow, high seated on a fine charger, flushes with pride as the staff officer at my side hails him by name. He has not the easy foxhunting seat of some of the officers who have just ridden by, but his every movement is the acme military perfection. As lie rides past my guide turns to me and mays. “He used to be in my old regiment, the Grenadier Guards. He was our
Cleaning and Grading Seed Grail
and Flax.
The 1913 Seed Branch inquiry into the condition of the meed grain used in Canada showed that an average of 44 noxious and 138 common weed seeds were being seeded on each square rod of land in oats. Heed wheat and barley were equally foul and flax was about four times
Over 88 per cent, of the
of
years
thing lie knew he was flat on bis back. Mis' Mason had to come over to my house after water to do the housework with, and my wife got the whole story out of her.
“Well, it made me mad ; so I noised it round what Nate had done, and we agreed to dig a well for Dexter, down there on the line next to Nate’s. As many as forty-men came, with spades and pickaxes, ready to go to work. V ou was off to the fair that week, Hyne.
“Well, forty men can move a pile of dirt in a day, and by night we d got down fur nough so it was he ginnin’ to be damp diggin’. All day Nate kep* watch of us. but lie never said a word. But 1 watched him pump water, and long to rds night I thought he had to pump a little longer and harder to get a pailful than he did in the inornin .
“The next mornin we hadn't gone down muren t three feet before the water come in with a rush.
zrrï.t tir 'jsrzi Wrtirti si
ever hi, fa<•* I could see he wu many a home in ( anada.
He started right over to where we was, his face get tin redder all the time and his fists a-wavinL
instructor
worse.
2065 samples of wheat, oats, barley and flax collected aa being mown
All Glory to You, Mr. Atkins!
Private, corporal, color-sergeant, instructor, and now a captain. Since 1 have been in England 1 have seen many men who have risen from the ranks, and what splendid officers some of them make. They are no braver than the men who get commissions on leaving a military academy, or on passing out of an officers training corps. They could not be. But they are men who have grown up in the game, and who are “broke to the matter of war.” They are men wiho like Sergeant WhatVisname have made riflemen out of mud for thib same Kitchener person, and now. they have at hand the very finest material that ever went into any army in the world’s history. That is why these men that are passing are better soldiers after ten weeks training than most continental armies can turn out after three years.
were reported cleaned with a fanning mill, but most of the eamples showed that either the mills were not equip|>ed with the proper sieves or else they were not well operated. The remaining homegrown seed, almost 11 per cent., was being sown direct from the threntier with no cleaning whatever. Small, broken and shrunken seed in title samples also indicated the failure in grading.
Cereal grains should be graded to remove from one third to one half of the total bulk, and most of the weed seeds will be rem-ved with the screenings. Some of the weed seeds are difficult to separate but most of them can be removed by a fanning mill. Any make of mill which has sufficient shake, angle or alo
war
By this new arrangement with the British Red Cross Society the relative# of men in the Canadian contingents will be kept in constant knowledge of the progress that their wounded relatives or friends are making and will also, where humanly possible, be told the w hereabouts of those who are ofli cially reported as “missing will surely take a great load off the minds of those relatives and friends
Cream
cheese, plain or with pimentos, preserves or a mixture of cream cheese and currant jelly all make good fillings. Nice for afternoon spreads, picnics or the home luncheon.
This
Helps Along the Way.
A small piece of gum camphor in a vase of water will keep cut flowers fresh a long time.
A weak solution of alum will revive the colors of a faded carpet after a thorough sweeping.
White vaseline is a good dress ing for russet or patent leather ; polish with absorbent cotton after applying it with die finger tips.
The cooking process of anything cooked in a double boiler can be hurried if salt is added So the wi ter in,the outer boiler.
Rhubarb
pe or sieves and wind supply may be provided with suitable me vos. The top sieve# should be just coarse enough to let the gram run through, and need suffi cient slope to run coarse impurities over the tail of the mill. The lower screens should have openings of the size required for grading or removing weed seeds
With wheat the grade for high class seed is made over an 8-64 inch perforated zinc screen. The grads for oats is made over a screen with slots 4-64 by % inch. Barley requires the same type with slots larger depending on the size of the seed. Wild buckwheat may be removed form wheat by a screen with triangular perforations *64 inch ¦^¦JHHrla* requires on top a woven wire sieve 3 z 16 inch mesh
Not Quite Certain.
A certain 1 business man is of opinion that he has an exceedingly bright office boy, and nothing pleases him better than to tell how he acquired the youngster's services. A notice had been posted in the man's shop window, which read as follows “Boy wanted, about fourteen years.” A lad of that age, with tittle that was preposses sing in his appearance, came into the office, and stated that he had read the notice. “So woe think you would like to have the position!’ asked the merchant. “Yet, sir,” was the reply ; “I want the job, but I don’t know that I can promise to keep it for the full fourteen years
mad
Life Latent in the Ihist.
trated by a writer in Answers, max prove a matter of interest to gar deners and other botanical experts “One year, in the month of Feb ary,” says the writer alluded to, Mr. Darwin removed from three different parts of a small pond three tab le spoonfuls of mud that weighed in all six and three quar ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ He placed in a breakfast cup and kept it covered in his study for six months that time he had removed from it five hundred and thirty-seven distinct plants. Another interesting experiment was carried out by a Scotch gentleman a few years ago In a patch of soil taker, from a hedge, about twenty-eight inches long by eleven inches wide and twenty eight deep, he planted a dozen acorns, and took note of the number
%
can br mixed with other fruits and made into a delicious For instance, rhubarb and
are delicious.
1 pieces of lingerie will last much longer if they are wrung out by hand and not put through the wringer.
A piece of lace or net starched and put under a hole in a lace curtain, then pressed smooth with warm iron, will scarcely be visible.
If flour is placed in the oven until it is thoroughly heated it will not be so apt to lump in making thickening for gravies, soups and sauces
Potatoes will remain firm and mealy all winter if air slacked lime is sprinkled over the barrel# or bins ; the lime absorbs the moistXire.
When cooking rice, if necessary to stir» always use a fork instead
n crushes it look
Who's been meddlin' with my
‘If it’s got so
pump 1’ he hollered a man can t leave a pump outdoors overnight without havin’ it stove up. I’m goin to see what the law'll do about it !”
# “I took it on myself to answer, mod I says, ‘There ain’t nobody been near your pump, since you stuck up that sign there, warnin' folks away I guess the pump's all right,’ says I, ‘but me hoe there's * trouble with your well ’
“He turned without a word and went over to his well and vanked up two or three planks oneo the curbin’ and poked hi#
When he riz up he was| man I ever #aw try to talk ! All he eon Id do was to wave hi# arms and •putter. After he'd run on a spell about havin’ us in court, and had hollered #o much he could hardly Cjo*k, William Leavens spoke up
pie
apples together Fine linens ai
in
11
(3 paces to the inch one way and fl the other) and a 1-1Î inch perforated screen below.
ter ounces
Logic of the leaded.
If aie
size and type cannot be had from the fanning mill manufacturer, the sheet material may he obtained
“Who goes there? ’ the sentry challenged
“Lord Roberts,” answered the tipsy recruit.
Again the sentry put the question and received a like answer, whereupon he knocked the offender
the sergeant was bending over him.
Bee here!” said the eergeant,
“why didn’t rou answer right when 1 of a spoon, as the gpoo the sentry challenged yod t”	the grains and makes
'Holy St. Patrick !’’ replied the mushy.
recruit; "if he’d do that to Lord A lemon that is heated will yield I Hier* are lota of things in this Roberts, what would he do to plain more juice than one that is cold Hfe better than money but it gen ....	«,-------When cold, place the lemon im el arally takes money to*buy them.
Real Fighters.
That ia one thing about Kitchener s army. It is being taught liais. It is being taught to ride and shoot and to skirmish and to dig trenches and to crawl and to charge, and to do all those thi Ceremonial drills will come later, but for the present the men are being taught to fight, and it is founding how quietly they learned the modern game where England's love of sno stood Her in good Mead ; where the treating that
bead down, the maddest
made up by a carpenter—Seed
Brandi, Ottawa.
Where work is concerned, a man seldom feels up to it till he get# down to it.
When the latter came to,

ew from
in the
At the end of a year he had
up, fifty the following year,
plant* that ar seed naturally contained

he*p the man who
Mme
“ ‘fÇ,1 he up, I can t think of anything I'd like better than to be took up for this! Id like U> be tried before a county jury for helpin’ a neighbor out when he was

•oil

Mf>.
they
taken out,
five plaall^HIBi^HH fifty six more plants were removed, and in the two succeeding years, two hundred and eleven ’
Thw is
rts has
this i#
###PAGE###3###
Russia refused any reasonable accommodation that Germany might suggest. Nu one could have worked harder or mure pertinently to
But many Eng-
EUROPE’S 6REAI DIPLOMAT
I
tot

;
V






SIR EDWARD G REV, BRITAIN'S FOREIGN SECRETARY.
preserve peace lishmen feel that when it came to the point of deciding between peace and war Sir Edward was caught between two minds, began dealing in half measures and was only saved by Germany's unutterable folly in invading Belgium and her debasing prop »sal that Great Britain should bargain away the French overseas empire. There was a day or two of fearful suspense and hesitation. Finally the blunders of his adversary, Sir Edward Grey came down on the right side and in the of the world lost little and gained much for his country and himself by his delay in committing Great Britain to draw the sword.
vi
TJs
1

%
6

mi.
k


3

y


?
lie Broke the Spell of German Leadership, and Cemented the Triple Entente. '

.
44 v
/pmn
es
POWOt^0


SI
? n.y
W'*



%
A
>' k
Among the diplomatists of Eu-Sir Edward Grey is easily the
m
Hi

Pope
outstanding figure. He does not tower above them as Bismarck towered above his contemporaries or Metternich above the men of un earlier day. But if au European congress were to meet to-morrow to wind up the war f imagine that Sir Edward would be unanimously chosen i" preside >Ver n The prestige and confidence he commands i ()|u> may see at this moment that place him in a class by himself, (he great*st ,,f an the obstacles in
writes Sydney Brooks.	Germany’s path is British sea pow
thing, of all the foreign er Two months hence the new secretaries now in the service of British arrnv will he beating her the great powers Sir Edward is the <|oNV|| 0|| |aiu|, and when peace
but what I )fI1PSi t}ie prediction may easily be
I verified that Great Britain w >u I
1 or now all but a decadee I emerge from the conflict more pow* without a single interruption, erful and in a better ; position to has guided the foreign policies go on fighting indefinitely than any Great Britain. I hat in itself is a | ^be belligerents on either - side, considerable asset. Every other

1


r
i
I

O
m

i
eyes

M

titx
FOR n
MAKING SOAP
^ SOFTENING 1
^ WATER 4
DISINFECTING
CLOSETS.DRAINS b SINKS, £<?


S.

V
\\ill l)i< tille Ternis

t
For one

h
I

oldest
count is f >r far m ire, in tenure offici
not in years



Tiiis	of course, that the
Power has changed its Foreign Min- maj4,r h|iarP in settling the terms ^ ter m that period at least once If ppa(.p wij, fajj up0ll Great Britain! several of them twice and three ain . in utlier words, upon Sir Ed tunes. There has been something I rd Urp>, \ vear or eo hence
impressive about his fixity.	may find the eyes of the whole
Then, too, his position differed | world fixed u|K>n him ratticall.v from theirs in character
in I ,,f
Berlin, or Petrograd, or Vienna, |iave Been forgiven for making a or even in Home ! Little more than great speech it was Sir Edward the mouthpiece and clerk of his so- (;rev when he rose in the House of vereign. What is he in Paris? The Commons last August to unfold football of political parties that are i |}ÎP diplomatic controversy that had forever forming new combinations. |e(| Up the war and to announce Not a man among them has felt i tfip policy of Great Britain. It was really secure. They were in power eminently characteristic of him to-day ; for all they knew they that lie made no attempt w hatever might be gone to-morrow. But no t-o be *!o<|uent. He delivered a plain, me in or out of Great Britain has unemotional statement of the facts, •ver suspected Sir Edward Grey of reviewed the negotiations, explain-3 'lding office by the favor of any e<j ;in<| defended without heat or tingle individual or as acting as rhetoric the line he had pursued mother man s deputy and shadow au<] enunciated in a few grave sen or of being likely to be ousted by tences the further developments à political intrigue, an electoral | that might be expected. It was a turnover or some purely personal i typical performance, weighty to whim.	the |x>int of lucid orderliness, un
Moreover, the ten years during adorned by any play of the imagin-w h ici i Sir lid ward Grey has been ation, but strong and telling in charged with the conduct of British its straightforwardness, the sure-foreign policy have been years of | ness of its grip, its sincerity and | almost constant crisis and comm* tion Thev have pretty thoroughly
{
<,.

%
i —.


ï
\
He is one of the least theatrical If ever an orator might
K
V
those twenty front curtains are rai ;e<|, so that
r thirty p>l«>gH. The
the public has a clear cnance to en joy the spectacle.

<


irse he nevsr catches the
»
Of
c >
bride. She has reached the last polo# before lie is halfway through. If she passes out of the last rolog, he
must work another rear at her father's house, and pass through the same ordeal once more. But she usually awaits him in the last |*i-log. and when they meet there the wedding ceremony is finished they are mail and wife.

*	.4

Germany's I owl Maikels I inler the Supervision of the Government
1 bough reports are numerous that the foodstuffs of Germany are dwindling to such an extent that ilie nation i* on the verge of starvation, the scenes of activity which are witnessed in the market places of the Kaiser s domain seem to belie the rumors which persist in being spread broadcast	V I
outbreak of tlie war the German Government, appreciating the fact that food plays a greater part in war than bullets, has taken charge of its public markets, and the sale of food arid foodstuffs is now directly controlled by the Government. The photo shows a scene of activity in the world's largest hop market at Nuremberg, Germanv.
Since the
*
'
Hie I aimer’s Frivml
Ah Darwin lung ag > sh-uw^l, the earthworm is the farmer's friend. Its bnrruws drain and aerate the soil, while the earth which ed through its l*>dy is finely divided and is constantly being brought to the surface from lower levi bodies are adapted to this burrowing habit. The pointed head-end is devoid of feelers and eyes, and the foot stumps are only represented by rows of bristles which can be felt if the finger be passed along the hodv from back to fr >nt. There
TOWED BY A SWORDFISH.
killed the fish, hauled him into the the drum begins to sing, to accom
- ! - ï l..............	EZSËFHip
mi	üü^H
a course of action that on at least sane man, with a larger fund of hu- hundred^ noîmd* "and^ in° V/	gestive of an impending funeral,} * no jaw$4 but the muscular part
ir,^«str»'7Us	urK	a,	^
last August, involved the risk of public to suspect, absolutely with which gave no sign of weakening I Where the Natives Sleep—1 lie Mur- j1 ’‘wl aM as ' Xl Mi as 1 |f P includes plants and animals
t«“^1!	T, ,rl,,r,rr:...»•	... % ..........-<-<*—>»-
25^2 ffiteirsi &	rsK	&. p^g- tigm* •‘•fi
the diplomatic, and, if necessary, there is something in him that re- spume. The fish, two hundred !ba^a/ fsr upin the p uinsulatha, ^ hands are the wi low spi<*uts an
all the material power at her dis-	calls the self-possession and sober	yards away, towed them	by a	*? washpd,bv tbe Benn« hea’	,can a,dfr br,an^h”*. /n a rnome|nt	,
posai, and after many anxious mo-	dignities of a bygone age.	thread of twentv-one strands	that	?eei\ comfortably in a room	four ' ather of the bridegroom enters	the
ments the issue abundantly justi-	_____*___ would break the moment that Pin- f.eet hl*h wlth 8,lx, *>y elgbt feH ,of building, leading the happy couple
fied his prescience and pluck. From	llvilraiilip	FartmlriNt	chot permitted a etrain of more	space,	and have a tire	smuk-	by the hand. The noise,	the shun -
his long duel with the Wilhelm-	njurauuc	i aririugi *.	than forty-one pounds to fall on it. I	mK	near aB	niShl» whlIe the	doors	mg and the whirling now become
strasse between 1905 and 1911 over	It is often hard and sometimes	Now on the crest of a wave,	now |	are tightly closed, and then	does | indescribable. At a signal from	the
the Morocco question lie emerged	dangerous to use ordinary explo-	deep down in a ghastly abyss,	they	not object if three others share his ! groom s father, the bride dashes
sives for mining and excavating in rushed on behind that vigorous I apartment with him. To-morrow into the first polug to the right. confined spaces—a fact that has led steed.	he will have chance enough to J The women that are within lift the
to the development	of the hvdrau-	My craft was too fast, and I con-	breathe more cold, fresh air	than	curtain for her,	and she passes
That in itse.f gave	him an envi-	hjc lining cartridge, described in	tinuaMv surged ahead. I sat with	be cares for. His picture of	the	quickly from one	compartment
able position and	reputation	, Chambers's Journal	as a safe and	my right hand on the clutch of the	happy hereafter is a snug,	cosy	the next.
throughout Europe. He	had broken	effective substitute.	The cartridge	engine. When I came dangerously	place, where every cell of his	body	Not so with the	groom. He dashes
the spell of success which German	consists of a steel cylinder, con-	near I threw off the clutch	or	can perpetually	enjoy warmth, and	after her ; but no sooner has he en-
diplomacy had inherited from the	tajnjng numerous small pistons that	hacked ; when they got beyond	me j where neither	ears, fingers nor	tered the first polog than thf* !¦¦
Bismarckian days. But besides this move	at right angles to the longitu-	I came on again. As the sea grew i	toes	shall be	frozen.	men begin to beat him	with the
6ir Edward is the first British Min- (jjnaj	axjg 0f tfoe majn cylinder, and	heavier and the sky darker, I alow	Once in his life, however, things	willow sprouts and alder	branches
ister who has sought and concluded j t^at expan<j when water is inject- ^ down« an<* had to sheer off to get & little hotter than he can lion- He seizes the curtain to enter the ^accommodation with Russia and I	^ jnto tjlPm with a hand pump. Af-	avo*d <hcm; when I did so, the	big	estly enjoy ; and	that once he can-	next polog, but one or two wo
•o ended the insensate antagonism	ter drilling a deep enough hole, the	**** w-ould catch me side on	and	nut escape if he	is to be a man of :	men hold it down ; and if he finally
that used to separate the two pow- workmen insert the main cylinder,	pp^r'>r rV* * the launch over,	lime	importance in the community ;	for | succeeds, there is a hot application
era. Xh$ triple entente that ex- [ an(j	t|lPn ^ to work at the hand	a, flgain lbat ],aPPen'^»	hut we	jt ln	marriage ceremony.	As	of branches on that part of his an
panded into the triple alliance be- purT>p The tinv pistons expand a,waYB "J1** to [,fme ftrHl got round goon as tj,e youth falls in love in atomy that remains long?st within tween tircat Britain, France and until ,heir free extremities	I'm d,,“d e*rnest- he caIIs on <he ,n:li<J ‘ ',,e	.	, L , g
Russia was very largely his work aRain»t the mass of rook with con- ,	I t. I., ih, to n«k en 8 fa,h'r tu find ol" »het *>*•> Meanwhile, the women in the | be foreign
and the value of the agreement he „ant|v increasing force, and .the L, fisi1Pr‘ n „n at once for from thf <an br,n« in	of ,vrnl11»1 "eat polog are ready to receive him
effected with Russia in 1907 was ^	is ffra(|u«Uv fractured under	that I knew of Piwahot he	would	marr,B*e	8ince rerndeer is	the	with equal wirmth The.v ply the
abundantly proved when Persia lap- tj,e	tremendous pressure The	„ot let go of the rod	Koryak's	medium of exchange,	the	switches e.icrgetually, and do not
#fd into anarchy, and when but for 0Deration it is said is not onlv r. 6	»	.	,	, » dowry usually consists of reindeer, hesitate to thrust out a foot also, n
the understanding between London <K.pe, than the Ordinary blast Ji™	U 'll Un lt the	consents to the en order that the J.a.pv groom” may
S's^eir	*s\^«tu" * -•	^
Mspheree of influence in the realm	----*------ Umhen* lier),». -11	.,,«1 «.h» and if she reciprocates his affection There is no escape from this ex-
of the Shah, all the old enmities	Do Your Best.	'darker it grew the more brilliant he enters her father » aervice. Chop- perience until the gr xmi has entered
would have revived and a collision We u|k much of (he coura of the exhibition became. At last the P>ng wo<>d, tending the herds, culti- and passed through every one of could with difficulty have been thogp who do not ehrlflk alld howl stars filled the sky, and I could *ec vating the garden, and all other gverted.	when for an hour or two they face the the two. in the skiff plainly. How kinds of farm work fall to hi#
Bnt what raised Kir Edward to approach of death In shipwreck or many times I shut off that long share. The period of service lasts an easy first among European dip- other unexpected calamity. Do me suffering engine and backed away from two to three years.
Jomatists was his handling of the think of the courage of the miner j into outer darkness I do not know ; The marriage ceremony begins
He J *ho goes cheerily to the dally work but it was six or seven miles out in about six in the evening. There t#
put forward were wise, timely, and |ng the daily approach of death, month h,m	large hail runs thr
fruitful, and the acceptance they after month, and yet keeps a smiling Pmchot bad drawn the boat up I *f the building, on either side of met with among the powera was a face, and sows crops for next seasoq. over the swordfish, awl now held *rhich are from ten to fifteen little tribute both to hie initiative and and plants trees and prepares dwel- him while Joe roadbed for him with ! ro4,ms ca.ned pologs. Each polog personality and to the peculiarly lings for the coming generation? For tbe gaff. I came up astern. *i>d ; je ^pirated from the next bv heavy
disinterested poaition that G?eat ^°“‘hk““* ,bat .’“J ahut ofl ^1 a^uUd reindeer Airt»™,. and the entrance
«'"•™ —rw i....oi zwzzu'z: zsra ;K“ïïrÆ.,',.‘:K"1;rh	>-» -
.......	.	... (hat it must be their Uat day* which ,|„m	eloied by similar curtain»
And then last August came lb* I are flying peat them with much In- t, tj,.	Into them I There y all thnt butldtpg except in
supreme crista of all to add once credible rapidity Thus, even without i™? jüî^hüufïÏÏ.	ui >"* l'»11	a g »d aimed man
I7 ; EMfâSËK I awl
the eleventh hour, cool and persua- others play the piano.	I untU Mexican jiue could again get faced Koryak passes from one po
give, trvir g one door after another. The fellow who puts up a41 bluff hie gaff into action.	I log to another, dropping wilbrw
offering even to wash his hands « f with a girl can’t blame her for I It was a,brave i the consequence# if France end I throwing him
i
i
Their
This
it
e-
Popnl.it ion of Chinn.
The population of China has never been exactly ascertained. Tbe latest census, taken in 1902, is said to yield a total of 110,000,000. Perhaps %00.000.000 would be & juste; estimate : even that would absorb no let* than one fifth of the human race. From the total it is easy to estimate that if the Chinese people were to march past a given point in single file the procession would never end ; long before the last of the 300,000.000 had passed by a new generation would have sprung up to continue the endless line.
decidedly the victor
Handling Balkan Crisis
to
wo
I be Flags of a Ship.
On the staff in the bow—The jaek of a nation to which vessel belongs. On the foremast—Flag of foreign nation to which vessel is going to. If going to own national port she carries flag of the nation she is leaving, if that nation happens to
the mainmast— The house flag, always. On the af* termain (if she has one)—Flag bearing vessel's name On the rnizzen —Nothing. On the staff at the stern—The nati mal ensign of the nation to which she belongs.
------*-------
Unfortunately the average man seems to think the time to »ay no is the next time.
an
On
WILL EASE YOUR THROBBING HEAD— AND STOP DROPPINGS IN THE THROAT
Balkan criais in 1912 and 1913 took the lead in keeping Europe together. All the suggestions hr
at twilight. A rough the centre
To Cuie Sniffles .nd Oat I
Catarrhozone promptly opens up clogged nostrils, takes that Irritating pain out the owe. prevents thg formation of Wd painful i rusts, if there
,o. .... as,..... - ^“ilsriCtr'iif
cure U completely by < .tirrhotone	„ e bad hwpt you ,6ew
Any sort of Catarrh, whether in nose. Ing. If yon have dull (rental pains over throat or bronchial tj|bee^ean feg 4rlv ‘the f7U L0,u,l fH U)# fpp*llest cure forever Ml of the .y.tem bÿ .loi- - »04,'^ îft Cfflt.rrVo.ol,
Surrhoron,'	°f rope ..d" A	£
tsrrhozone a speetflc for all catarrhal.
It's In the loeirtls snd air passages throat, bronchial and breathing organ
that Catarrh germs breed The germ- troubles. Simple, pleasant, safe and
killing vapor of Catarrhosone means sure. Use the tried and proven
th to these germs--means dy. Any dealer anywhere can supply
¦	that a healing process Is started Catarrhosone. large complete outfit
they1 iaelosnr* Presently the beater of1 throughout all the sore
Stuffed Nostrils Nothing Equals "Ca+arrhozone
South Eastern Europe

No
I aslant
branes, $100, small aims we: trial site
! b v * -
over

###PAGE###4###
knowing. This Liberal middleman, et ted steel culvert, 30 feet long for side who had been accustomed to doing bus road Mween lots 11 and 12, range 3. im‘>s according to the Laurier met hods,	Moved by conns. Jamieson and Woods
made no less than fifteen thousand dol that conn. Campbell look after buying ',lls-	plank to cover the bridges on Big Creek
and Lothian's Creek.
A discussion arose regarding the purchase of new chairs for the hall.
Moved by conns. \N\hhC and Young that we do not buy new chairs until the
THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
TO SAVE DlNOtiAVltS.
I. 8. Dennis and Friend* It osent Ki-portal iou of Hones.
Speaking of dinosaure—and these prehistoric monsters have received considerable attention since the discoveries In Alberta recently—there is i certain sober-minded, serious-vlsag-'d gentleman out In the city of Cal I Hi ".try who is Inclined to regard Moved in amendment l\V conns. the export of valuable specimens of ('ampirn'll and Horner that we buy new these fossilized mammoths to a for-< hairs at	I -ign country with entire equanimity.
rhts man is John Stoughton Dennis.
Mr. Dennis la pretty well known throughout Canada as head of the C. V. lt.’s department of natural resources. lie is one of the big men of the West, deeply detoied to the interests of that section of the Dominion in which he lias resided for over forty years. When he became cognizant of the operations of Prof. I ft Barnum Brown, of New York. In the I ^ valley of the Red Deer river, he felt
ifï	«
l>. m.	I ‘>hool C\»innn.«umer». Clarendon, ask short notice to do what he could to
I re.sent :	W . 11. Barr, Mayor, and ; ««W that the letter of the said Board of get hold of a few of them for Canada
Councillors It. McCord, Bert Hodgins, School Commissioners of the Nth duly, and the Empire before the supply ( îeorge T. 1 >agg, W. T. Burlier, A. Bean, Hill, to the Superintendent of Public should be exhausted. The way he l’hos. Hades.	Instruction of the Province of (juelivv, rame to back up the quest for dlno-
Mimites of last meeting read.	asking “ that the said No. 12 School U* riaur9 for home consumption Is told
statement that the Dardanelles eau-1 Motion Barber-Bean That the min moved one mile cast " lx' withdrawn, as by a frleud who to associated with be forced.	If	His	Sublime	Nibs	is |utvs of last meeting now read leap-	it .contained insufficient,	incorrect and	hi™	,n the undertaking
proved, omitting the name af Truman	misleading	information,	and	deceived 1	*prmg a man	blew into	the
Hudgins from the list of pound keepers, the said Superintendent of Public Iio Ln„nil^A C(ah*arr Jl!8‘n^S3 M,iau
II	HtM,8in- "Vmt p *	toric* 8kUele?ôensl“at8 ::u?S%ak7"he
P it of boring through to C onstantin* Andrew Elliott lie appointed valuator Board of School Commissioners, ( lar- specimens secured by the New York
... will be expensive, but the Allies instt‘;u,,of ,,,tnuM s,,,ith' **# Wm P. entton, through their minutes, that an professor fade into in significance
Ik- ap|x»inted paind kwp, i in ajiologx U* made by tin- “twenty-nine" All he needed to get them out was I
.	...	. .	.... stead of Truman Hixigins, lx)th of whom ratepayers I*» withdrawn and expunged financial backing He spoke so learn-	Before purchasing YOU F Monument COBSlllt the
f.. m aside from their purpose of kick- have left this municipality.—Carried.	from the minutes as Ixmig wholly tm- ^*7 of these antediluvian monsters
ng the Turk out	of Europe and	smash	I Motion—Hades - Itean — That conn,	necessary.	and	used so many	six syllabled
<n__ his iKiwcr.	I Barber and Chief K. Inspector Eld. Dagg I	a. That	we, the said Board	of School	worda that he quite	Impressed	his
be appointed to examine and measure I Commissioners, regret that the minutes I	*¦* latter intimated that if
all cedars for this Council at Shaw ville from July 13th, 1914, to Nov. 7th, ,the dinosaur hunter could only in- Nothing LOO Small, and south of Shawville, and that conns. 1914, were not duly published, «»n-1^lDIou,f^p?®p e. n blf pr?jecl*
Hi tel Friedrich, which did considerable I Hodgins and McCord lie appointed for taming authority from the said Mupcr- meeting and would* bàrk °h m / l‘l da lage as a commerce raider earlier in | those on the north side. Carried.	tendent of Public Instruction to move fav as he was able *	* aS
ihf war, including among ite victims an I	E*dw made a verbal m-ort of the said School No. 15 Clarendon one A night or so later there was a
Ai tricao shi,. after tnkin. ...................................Ht3t^f*.«-.
sa .hI into the harlxirof Newjx>rt News,	Motion-Bean-McCord — That conn. “ II. M. A. McKinley,	Jules Verne romance.
V: .. a short time ago to undergo re | Hades lx‘ authorized to have the said	Asst. See.-Treaa. At that meeting a syndicate was
bridge put in a safe condition and to I Accepted on liehalf of the “twenty- formed — the Calgary Syndicate of examine and report job when completed. I nine ’’ ratepayers.	I’mhietoric Research—and it is unearned.	Signtnl, Chari.ks Heii>,	doubtedly one of the oddest organl-
!c; .c }H*rt or be interned until the	Motion—l^an-Dagg—That thisCoun-	Resident Clergyman. \rxUona 1l°lng business in the Domln-
( <e of the war. The injitain bluffed fil here assembled, considering the great March 27, 1913.	. I Just^hinY*of it*___present time.
it out till practically the last minute, | “u,,.nven*e,uT to the mail and express Movtsi by com. IIraper, seconded by united together to dig <out the°n?°
ittmce oocasioncHl to the public as a re- com. Carson that the Chairman uiui mains of strange animals that
8 —^ -{!*» ¦»'> *—isti icr^'cs.'sua inrAa 5% cizr ..
iave his vessel interned. The pre- that the Secretary write to the Railway on lx half of the Board as a final settle^.entirely natural proceeding. No one sv ‘C of a few British warships just out- ! Commission and others interested, pro- ment of the matter.—Carried	r,d** could have assumed the post-
«.I,,....wbs..------------------------------------------------------------------------------- p«.msvblsa«-ss
tmin service of the Waltham branch of N\ itnesses Iwforv the Public Accounts I	ome money in the treasury,
kin I the C. P. R., as it was prior to Febru- Committee last week admitted that in ,	was no intention of going
career of piracy has lieen brought to ar.v -°» 1915.—Carried.	their view any kind of a horse was good °n°i!\ V81 nfTfla.m®r proUl .
— IJStesyr”....................................................
¦	¦	.¦	... . Stephen Smith. B. and .1. fund #12.00 cas4*s also to have mot men in authority local museum. As a beginning how.
lx puhanicntan	committees	which	| Prank Armstrong, 2 plow joints	.70	who thought any kind of a horse was	ever, they proposed to get out* some
Uvn	at	work have	uncovered	to	Win. Hodgins, 2 trips to C. C.	10.00	g'^sl enough for the Government to buy	remains for the British Museum, and,
Legal Blank Printing Co.	2.68	for the soldiers. This latter fact was	having disposed of these, to use the
Yernvy Hades, rural in*|ivctor	7.50	the cause of any loss that may have	nioney obtained from their sale to
Alt Brownlee	:i.ih> «x'eurrcd.— Montreul Gazette.	I dig out more. They hoped eventual_______________________________fames McCord	10.00	_____ m ____	.	MY to recoup themselves for their out
t under the Lilierals dopite all that Win Tubman, bushing new road I •> 00	¦	g 0	1	MUY» w hile at the same time being
fkmlenU.wrnment lias Uvn able Motion Bean Dagg That we now Farm TOF Sale. some^or^hrir^edy 80melblûg band"
_____‘Htinued to more or les* *	{ .miul.	Lot No. I l. in the 13th Range of In the making of arrangement* an,l
h. When war broke out Sir Bob-	" *	IT... t Clarendon, containing 2U0 acres. luOof getting the expedition started. Mr.
1 il which is giH»d hush land. Soil good Dennis took a close personal interest.
loamjmd ea-ily tilled. Cannot U beaten f°deed. It Is doubtful whether, hail
All necessary buildings il not beon for his support, the pro-
fari.L A verv desirable ject w2,uJd evor have been carried
out. The first season’s operations
resulted favorably. Some exceeding ly fine specimens were taken out ‘n the Bad Lands to the north of Brooks.
These were carefully packed and despatched to London. When their value has been appraised and payment made for them the syndicate will
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 15, 1915.
O
I
Another example of the way the Lib vrais handled shoes for the sold it «mt when Mr. L A. McCann, assistant
director of contrat ! a
lore the In tot coiiiinittet
D
G
r.s va nu
•encrai Botha, at the head of the ion of South Africa forces, is re* ted to lie meeting with continued •ess in his campaign in (îvvman > tli West Africa. Botha is one of the
lords
itvd on turning traitor to Britain |tl
u hostilities l»rok
O YOV contemplate building.
a
D
a
i
i
was a witness be
He produced ÜI a sample boot supplie,I by the Svddvn hall is repaired Bo it ( \ 1111.111\ .«'..I others in i <0:1 in tended for sen ice in South Africa and Canada. These boots showed card I
it the whole "f tl l shanks, ami
#
or making any 11 Herat ions in that line? if so, call in and moo me ;
arly, and have uly when reimpie of BKA-IQ
i
d

t

d
pince your orders your material • uuiml
V KH Ht )\H I >, t he coming I ntei ioi Finish for Dwellings and Ftihlivlô
i
6
i
whom the (ivnnuii wai
ml
I
)
0
Amendment carried M \
i that c
i«h
o
nid v
iitei> ot st'Nou
ms. Horner and Jamie n. Campbell secure tin
v\ chairs at once. Carried.
ii. Woods that wv now

\ k for a s
I
tl
l material which peeled oil >, oak taimed leather n I hundred and I
reported to have txvn produced by fifty pairs were refused and the balance adjoin
rcnch inventor, has just lately liecn ,l°t cut up weir put in the department
stores and used.
I
svs (
like |w]>er instea 1 ! its in use today.
PlfHt
rroni
1
i
£ i he new |H»\vder which
ntv tuneag
Moved I'v
:
y

Buildings
(i. T. I >RV M MOM»,
Sec.-Tira
0
~ -hilly referred to in the Armv Bulle
t
;
triADE MAKE
of the 41 advantages of BEAVER BOARD,	|jj|
«*• ................
Anyone handy with tools by I SI	ceil i nr • made	of	Beaver
following instruct ions	eft ill (Jl	Board. Durable,	beauti-
apply it.	I 01	ful, sanitary.	Forty-one
1, pine Wood Fibre tlirougli-Hpl hot^itHoSa.^ aoU
lM,t-	11,1	For sale by
R. G. HODGINS. 10
which says, without going into dc-Mi s that the new jKiwder doubles the losive effect of the shells of 3 inch
T
<
«
Clarendon Council Minutes
A School Difficulty Settled
ü
¦
!
x The carnage wrought by these

Ms in some of the German trenches 1191\ at 1,
lesvrilxul by an eye witness as ap

!
P
•ce

mg
1
!
0
E. 0. HODGINS
he Sultan of Turkey is endited with
•19
o
>
%»
so cock-sure of this wlmt of that re V fed removal of the seat of govern m*. it to Asia Minor ? No doubt the ex
MONUMENTS I
ire bound that no obstacle will turn
SHAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
Nothing too large
lie German converted cruiser Prinz
Fencing and Cemetery Work a Specialty.
Proprietor.
T. SHORE
pf'rs. Thv latter completed, she was gi. a certain time within which to
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.
Bargain Sale
st ting that he would make a dash for
roam ago
t
1 Mare Volt 1 year old
1	Horse Volt 3 years old
2	Mare Volts 4 years old
1 Frost & Wood Drill, second hand
10 Green Feed Silos, and a number of other articles
go d and substantial reason for his While he saved the Kitel
on
S M
The

some
Call and get a Bargain
* extent the trail of corruption h marked the days of the Laurier ne. The system which was ram-
X
As all the above must go to make room for
SPRING GOODS.
v

l
lu h
I
IS
Borden wrote a letter to cfl net ministers asking that in tlif matter <•! v<»n *r -inal dealer or inamifaetim 'k? ivgotiatvil with. This has IV'! ry nt tin* (hot-rninv ii .* not lieen followed i la .• ly due t
*. the old Li lierai pilicj and conniving will Li liera I middlemen who haw bet
I
tor |»»st unig mjuirvd on l>r« »|K*rty and will U* sold on easy terms Apply toOKO. MrVOliD,'
Vlmrtvris I*. O., Qiu
Bristol Council Minutes
u
lu
Up-to-Date Tailoring
The Mini
•n April nth, 191
l’i- ''Hi
ind Councillor# \\
Li Ik ml oftivi «1- i arrying Horner "id Campliell
Mi mit
I t
Bristol
i
the
that it
Max
un
W. 1». (
I
U X
ng, Jaiiii
verx
NOTICE
New Spring Goods
Fancy Imported English Tweeds
Also a choice lot of Serges and Suitings made to satisfy you Call and sec our stock of . : . . .
Just Arrived
fi
tous meeting read and adopted on motion of roun*. XX and
11 X 001)2.

To Whom It May Concern
I	; , „	[probably have sufficient funds to cou
I mu lx toi *!• 1 h i oi aux jKTson of Unue work another season. Then it
’’ftJ'G I1’''i*.- any st<»,-k on L »t 15, is hoped some specimens ran be se
Light h R ing,* ot Bristol. Any st**ek ' cured for presentation to Calgary, tonmI nn it after the first day ot Max’. I	___________________
xvill la* held as tresjiasser* picker* xvithout in ikes.
n *he ground, and. notwithstanding al! th Government could do, havt en* •* evaded the Government
Mr. John II. Mi Kill
In

il.pean
• • •
• • •
fore the Board and agreed I
UTept for
all time the side line t• i-in the first < n ce>*ion line to the river Iwtxxeen the broken fronts of lots 3-c and 4-a in lieu expected to prorogue J of the diverged mad now travelleil i.i I’uesdny of this week, lmt matters through the broken front of lot 3-c and have cropp'd up which will likely de- terminating at the old wharf. He also
u: , the member, a few d«>. lunger al 'TT *°. ""T!'	l,r"?h
.	.	*.	(iff of said road to a width of 40 feet in
wa. These in the main are on consideration that he Is- allowed to re-ni iti the reports oi I ILFergi on, I move what timhei is growing on this i- X innipt% who two years ago was j road
i?' ointed a commissioner to investigate
cb rges of grave irregularity in the ad
ministration of Dominion lands under
H i
in some
Tilers.
> i
Ditto berry
Iteciprocity In Doctors
Hereafter all British physicians who come to practice in Ontario will enjoy the full benefits of a reciprocity in medical qualification* between Ontario and the old land brought down by the Attorney-Gen-
I ' •'irtvvn «iuulified Protestant Whers j clear uoTdlffe^nceThich ta? been xvanted tor the School Mumci| witty of made tne subject of much comment t laremlon, ( >unty of Pontiac.	since Ontario doctors went to serve
School term to U*gin August lbtli ; in British field and base hospitals, to end June 3oth, 1916. Applications The fact that no reciprocity in to U* in the hands of the undersigned I medical standing was recognized be-not later than ten o'clock, a. in., of Sat-1 tween the parts of the Empire caused
complaints that Canadian doctors were not allowed to assume charge of British hospitals. The new bill obviates the difficulty.
irlianieiit w
JOHN O BRIEN,
North Onflow, (jm
is
Ready-Made Suits
MURRAY BROS., SHAWVILLE.
A bill
Teachers Wanted
i )

Mr. Joseph Henderson ap|»cured bv-t°re the pHianl alxmt opening the 3rd concession line.
Moved by conns. t'ampU'U and I lor Frank Oliver, while minister of aar that th< >< y write Mr K Sly the Interior in the I^aurier Oevemment. a>kiug H he is sati»ti«*d to remove his
... 'r~	,...., r
m‘ 'gating a Lierai memlter of iarlia- imintcd to picket out the road oppmitv
in st, and the other a public oftiiial, lots 19 and 20, range 4.
w », anticipating what was coining, re- Moved hy cotin». Janueson and Young ! %
*4'it'd *ouw time ago. Other dieclw- ‘hat ‘hv following ,hungi>« U- made in
. . v. .	,	local officers ;
lire, are exited which may place Mr. Hural Inapector-Jamea ftmiley in-Oi.ver and others of lib political friend» (stead «-f R Me( atfrvy in a. rather tight corner
urday. May 1st, 1915
Engagement and
M a. McKinley,
Asst. Sec.-Treasurer, School Municipality Clarendon. Shawville, (jue., April 8, 1913.
T.h
The “Fireship."
Over the water of the bay of Chaleur. in Eastern Canada, a mysterious phenomenon known as the “fireship” is sometimes seen by night roughly hemispherical mass of lum-
I ZOMI Ornfur. Actlv.
• d EE™-	r™°„r: elw
zzssssJziïi aze •*%.... H s-ï^~:îï	» nothingJwbT ,w m,x.... .u*
SsËr'Saas iSfeiîr-, = EKBF	Istisss p£:r»issa.-—-*¦-
=SpSSr Ss bS5£-.-ssttS	_____¦ £ST""—e"
amjtle has been found in the boot en ses to run temperance hotels at Brutol | atlon »*¦¦¦¦¦¦	¥ fljfl	j |
<iuiry where it has been shown that Mr. | Cornera < %as. E. Slater, who made without ten
Wedding Rings
THE MARKETS
It is
To wear with your New Gown.
you any

thropist."
Fine Watch Repairing our specialty. Ail Work Guaranteed for One Year.
Batter, in print aSrtcWc
¦	...... ,	Mored by conn*. Campbell »od Hor-I Butter Inpall* W to Me.
dt;i the boots for the Militia Dc ; «art ner that the prayer of the fietitioiiers be	Eggs, fresh, oerlosen 20 to 23c
ment under the Laurier regime, received granted, and that the Mayor and Secret over fifty cents a pair on all boots sold ary are hereby authorized to sign th< by fhmthter Company to the Govern mont. The Government knew nothing of the arrangement and had
That every mineral mined in Ontario has shown a decided <W in output in 1Ü4 with the exception of gold, was the statement of T. W Gibson, Deputy Minister of Mines for Ontario, before the Canadian Mining
Institute recently.
Potatoes per hag 68 to 70c. Pork, per 100 lbs $8.00 to 10.50 Beef, per 108 lbs, $8 50 to 1000 Oats per bushel 00c liar per ton 1AO0 to SB.00
HANS SHADBL
Watchmaker and Jeweler.
tame
Moved by conns. Jamieson and Voting no way of j that the Secretary order a 10-inch riv-
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
CHIEF FACTOR PASHES.
•Uigiy, if quite unintentionally, runny. Many of them have made the Interesting discovery that "brave" rhymes with "grave," and perhaps •even out of ten of them are determined not to conceal the fact from à (perhaps) listening world are concluded in terms of fine irony, a reference to the "neutral" attitude of the United States being considered perhaps the most delicate Ironical touch. Hut though there are excep- 1 lions, the great majority of these patriotic songs have the most inane words and the most commonplace music, however unexceptional the sentiments. And, as regards both words and music, there Is plagiarism aplenty. In fact, in general terms It might be said, in the majority of cases, of both, that what is good in them is not new, and that what la new In them is not good.
Province of Quebec, \
District of Pontiac, f
No. If,14. SUPERIOR COURT.
C A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Iqtereete.
Published every Tkiikdey
Shawville, County Pontiac, Quo.
Late Archibald Macdonald Was a Die tlnguished Figure In the West
House Furnishings
Tub Trimt A Loan Co. of Can
ADA
The death of Archibald Macdonald, last of the representatives of the Hudson Day Co. to bear the distinguished title of Chief Factor, la keenly felt In the little town of Fort Qu' Appelle, where be lived as chief citizen for over forty years, says O. Din-I nle-Clark in The Canadian Gazette.
On the afternoon of Jan. 8tb, every man, woman and child In thu village assembled to watch the funeral ceremony of the old man whose familiar figure had passed from the Fort to the postoffice, from the postoflhe to the Hudson Hay Co.'s store, from the Hudson Day Co.’s store to the .Macdonald offices day by day, greeting all In friendly fashion as neighbors and friends. It seemed strange and sad that he would be seen no more amongst them; It was a personal loss, a public calamity. The atmosphere of event has always clung to him; he was patriarch and lawgiver In Fort Qu'Appelle.
Snow veiled the hills and the val-
Plaintiff,
Others
vs
Si-HtrRiPTtoff, 91 a Year in Advanc e.
iT All arrears must he paid up before
any paper Is discontinued.
ADVERTISING RATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st Insertion and ft cents per line or each subsequent insertion
1 tushies* cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at fft.OU per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent insertions.
C nnrnercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates 3h will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for
accordingly.
fKREMlK CHARKkT
The Defendant is ordered to ajqtear in one month.
I'ryton, Que., aifith of March, 1915.
W. RIMER,
Deputy Protlioimtary.
Defendant
LINOLEUMS
Linoleum Combines Service and Beauty.
T£e new Linoleums are here, ami we advise early selection. Linoleum is a clean floor and gives long service with beauty of design, many patterns suitable for any room in the bouse. We stock the following in this :—
1 yd. 2 yd. 2\ yd. 3 and 4 yds.
Mail Contract
an
covering We show
whi<
SHE GOT IT BACK
SEALED TENDERS
Idrensed to th< Po • na iter < leneral* will be received
at < )ttawa until N«xm, on Friday, the 14th May, 191"», for the conveyance of Hi* Majesty’s Mails, on a proposed Con -tract tor four years, six times per week
Jne Way to Deal With the "Wildcat"
Heal Estate Man.
A etory which is being told with ley, 1he lakes 10 east and west were I sreat relish by investors in Ontario frozen solid, yet exquisite, English-	Interest those who have put
looking, fragrant flowers were upon m°ney Into a realty deal which, to the coffin, as though to voice the *a? the least, is not as profitable as story of the march of events between | represented. It shows what can be the day on which Archibald Macdon- , accomplished by a determined cham-ald came to Fort Qu'Appelle, a lone- pioD. who has the law at his finger | pleasure ly a pot In a lonely land, and the day ends» »nd who Is righteously indig-they carried him away from bis pleas- nant l°to the bargain, ant home, which marks the spot I The lawyer in question is guardian where Oen. Middleton set out in vie- ! *° â y°unS woman in Ontario, who torious pursuit of Louis Riel, last of j haH the «upport of a blind brother on the rebels. Across the valley the her hands. He acts as guardian on the church bell tolled forth the story of request made by the young woman's passing time—-school children lined j father, who has been dead for some the way of the long white road which ^eare- was inveigled into hand-stretches like a Roman street from ln* over the sum of $2,600 cash for hill to hill across the valley. In the *>-c&Hed town lota somewhere in the little church the village pastor utter- re**on °* a Canadian city. Certain ed the thoughts of all who had gath-	rc u ms lances In the deal aroused her
ered together to pay their last tri- apprehension, and she finally went to bute In words of affection and admir- lhe lâwyer and explained the whole atlon for a life which, cast for diffl- matter to h*m-
cult times in a hard country, hid | ^be *e*a* man promptly went to
proved each day well spent. Ths Ithe telephone, called up one of the T . -n i	, .
great men of Winnipeg gathered to- Partners who had put through the , *	W1‘* '** received by the
gether to pay the last honors to the	*®aL and spoke to him	in this wise:	'Ivrsigncd up to noon April 19th, 1915,
last of the Chief Factors, yet home	“You Procured Miss	So-and-So	to	0,1 !he ^v<fcral route* herein mentioned :
folk and fellow craftsmen spoke the bur ,otJ ,n a certain subdivision, for front Road ; Lewis Hodgin*’; Oeo. same words : "Archibald Macdonald I Fh,ch 8he Paid you the sum of $2,500.	( HtHlginV; Clifford Workman’s, (7th <fe
—well done!"	This is Thomas Caveat	speaking.	1	*»tli lines); John R. Corrigan’s ; James
Archibald Macdonald was a man of	am her lawyer, and her	guardian	1	McLamon’s and R. J. Wilson’s,
unusual sincerity of mind, simplicity *a®$ *ou t0 come UP here to my office Tenders to state price per cwt., and of manner and most attractive per- ***“} away."	to lie marked 14 Tender ”
because he was entirely free from the flce»" "aid the other, taint of self-consciousness and egot- "You’ll either come or I'll send g Ism which so frequently mars the in- | policeman for you with a warrant, tertst and attraction of successful |and that mighty quick." declared
the legal man, with sufficient
To the interested listener he loved Phaais; and when you get up here to talk of men and events In the his- 1 can promise you I’ll talk to yon *
tory of the Northwest, but he was al more to the point than I am now	L C ampbells Bay.
most pathetically interested in new doing."	Grade III Model—Victoria Bennett
happenings — eagerly, vividly alive. D may be surmised that the real Ethel MacLean, Lillie Stevenson, Pansy Through the burden of years, physi- estater was scared pink. At any rate, Lunam
“ at
ed to the last. Of late years the his- ‘You have taken advantage of the	’
tory of the development of Canada Ignorance of this girl to sell her real reads like a series of extraordinary estate in the West that isn’t worth a events floating by at racing pace from dollar She has given you $2,500. I the past into the future, inspired or don’t want to talk about this case at controlled by men of talent, and not all. I am her guardian, and I want rarely of genius—men who in life lhat $2,500 back again." and In death appear high above the	“I haven't got the money." replied
level of the crowd, hoist on the pede- | the uncomfortable party of the second stal of their achievement—command- Part.
ing attention.	| “I’ll give you thirty days to get it.
The last of the "Chief Factors" is and at the end of that time If the not to be found in this company, yet, money is not in my hands I will get should his biography come to be writ- out a warrant for the arrest of you ten from his personal notes and rem- and your partner on the charge of inlscences, one feels that within the conspiracy to defraud," declared the lines of the story of his life the his- guardian.	I
tor>- of the development Of Western I The real estater made haste to get Canada will appear as In a very clear the money, and the amount of $2,500 mirror.	is now safely invested to the credit i
of the young woman Night.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-Dhed free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
JOB PRINTING.
Vf i
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and Cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
Quyon R. M D. No. 3
STAIR OILCLOTHS
\ia North Onslow and Onslow Corners P- O., from the Postmaster General’a
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
In Canvas Back or Painted Backs
Printed notices containing further information as to |>ro|>ose<l Contract be seen and blank forms of Tender
Professional Cards.
4 yd. and | yd. wide
may
may l>e obtained at the Post Offices of Quyon, North Onslow and Onslow Corners, and at the office of the Post Office Inspector, Ottawa.
Post Office Inspector’s Office,
Ottawa, March 31st, 1915.
P. T. COOLICAN,
Post Office Inspector.
CARPET SQUARES
DR. A. H. BEERS
Our spring shipment of Squares has arrived, and certainly open up beautifully. The very latest in both patterns and colorings. Suitable for either parlor, dining room or bedroom.
Note the sizes :
SURGEON DENTIST Campbells Bay
Qv*.
Doctor of Medicine and Master ot Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
TENDERS
FOR DRAWING MILK.
un
R. A. DRAPEAU, LL. L.
Ville Marie - Que.
24x3
24 x 3	3x34
" 34
Mats to Match in all sizes.
3x3
3x4
S. A. MACKAY
l>ox
E. T. HODGINS,
iSec.-Trea.*
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Que.
persons
em-
Easter Exams. Dist. Schools
R. MILLAR, L.L.L.
C. F. HODGINS GO
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shaw ville every Saturday
Andrew Flood, Lula Letts, Mildred Murray. Agnes Gibson, Emma'Brown, Murphy Farrell, Hoy Smith, Fred Anderson, Lurena M ilv)n, Jennie Knox, John Stevenson, David Lunam, Charles Hdam.
Grade III — Grace Flood, Willard Brown, Silas Gibson, A sa Smith, Gwen d "line Morrison, Hilli* Smith, .Jean 1 fUthrie, Francis Flood, Lome Flood, Ira Sturgeon, Melvin Desjardins, Silas Young.
'Grade II- Hilda Thompson, Greet* M ilson, Gerald Bennett, Mary Murray,
Udts, Austin Harrison, Gladys Letts, Hugh Desjardins, Irma Guthrie, Thomas Guthrie.
Grade I Charlie Bennett and Maggie I >esjardina, equal Carrie Smith
Primer II
>mith. ( harlt-H Morehea<l, Emily Stiles,
( larencv Morehoad, A let a Guthrie, Mildred Desjardins
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
Syrup Making Time
Office and Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
iW Visit» Shaw ville every Saturday
Wo have in Stock a complete line of
CEO. G. WRIGHT, K. C l Sap Cans, Syrup Cans, Boilers
I
'I art
and otlier articles of necessity in this line of work
Call and see what we have to offer at moderate prices.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
196 Main St. - Hull.
Lloyd Anderson,
Saturday
G. W. DALE
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER & SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
Will be in Fort Uoulongo every Wed-09» lay and Shawville every Saturday.
PATRIOTIC SONGS.
Harry Farrell, Velma
?
War Has Given Kite to a New ami
Serious Nuisance.
The Order of St. John
Edith \
ung, Victor
Johnston, Rose Thompson, Fred Guthrie,
Frimer J, Jr.— Linda Brown, Carl
Every large town in Canada now
One by-product of the war In Can- baa its corps of St. John Ambulance F.mvw ¦
men for service in the military and Primer I, Si
Murray, l(n*|
Hazel Brown
ada Is the patriotic song nuisance.
I The newspapers are pestered with aaval hospitals
' I him. He is anxious to entertain the Tbls is ao anc,<‘°t Order, which soldiers at their drilling grounds. He 3wes 1,8 orl*in to the year 1050, when
a f#»w wealthy merchants obtained
I*
haunts the theatres—particularly of ..	.	.
the "movie" and burlesque varieties 5anclion to found a hospital within —with the cffiject of getting the man- fbe walls of Jerusalem, the object be-agement to allow him to sing during lllg 10 8UCCOur the poor sick pilgrims intermissions or between pictures—so " . mad‘‘ lhelr P"*rimage to the	¦¦¦!.
ardent is his patriotism or, If not that *Ioly City. Many hospitals were	No.	4,	v labemh>n,
his desire for a free "ad." This nuis- founded by the Order, and after the	Moduli	II	-Sidney	Draper,
ance on two legs, with the song that . :y	find them established Tlioinimon
ÜÜÜ #### ; Z
request that, for the sake^of patriot- I They were no1 ,ong 10 en-J°y the,r ! Llrade lil, Jr.—Maud Hixigina,Beulah ism. he should be allowed to chirn Privilege in England, for in 1540 ' Stephens, Clifford Hobba, John Ho**, there for hi. countr?’» good and King Henry VIII. decreed the aboil- Foe ter Corrigan, Janie* Milne, thereby "aid enlistment." The man- on ,r ill religious orders and monaa- Grade II, Sr.—Edgar Draper and ager had seen other specimens of ;?r, # The Order of St. John shared Liwrence Wilson equal, Horace Hod-the same kind, however. In fact, be\r. fale' l® ^ restored again when , in*, Lottie McDowell, promoted to like a good many other man-	came de throne, tirade III, Lottie Wilson.
...r., he had com, to the co.elu.lo.	^^h ^“o.Tthc yeJ „ ^ " ,fr -*«b>	Henry
1117, came a great demand for the re- I	-S™SS»rt.
Primer II—Neta McDowell.
Primer I —Gladys Corrigan.
M kROARKT E. H ARKNEIW,
Teacher.
Wi
Lizzie A. Step hex*.
Teacher

GEORGE HYNES
Id ¦
HZ
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personalattention. Open all hours.

Gordon Mee, Tol-

UNDERTAKINC
•MADE IN CANADA*
HAYES * FINDLAY
SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
All calls will receive prompt personal attention.
Ford Touring Car
Price $590

that this type is not exactly cut out
But all the songs are not hopeless, Lisut-Col. L. W. Shannon, of Lon- ))	*11lAl^ln’ Thomas
though tbs great majority of them *oa, Ont., Is receiving congratula- m I m»\ \\ edey l*ine, Jean are. "We’re From Canada" baa un- Hone from his friends upon another on* Harry Wallace, May Somerville, doubted I y caught the popular fancy, promotion which came to him as a Annie Somun ille.
In fa$tz reçentlv it wna sung on the great surprise recently.	* Grade III— Myrkle Nicholas, StelU
• me day at no fewer than seven then- Only • few weeks ago. Lieut -Col | Brownlee, tree and places of amusement in the Shannon, who la acting commanding Grade II- Rouie Ogilvia, Veeda Hot
. \ Jf ûret division was pro- ncr, Kdith Pine, Marshall Telford.
march past" of the 109th, Toronto moled from the rank of major. And Florence Homer * n	now he has been made a full colon*»!
From three to ûve patriotic songs 1» bis own division by the depart-are received dally at the one theatre, meat at Ottawa.
Many of th
Exhibition Park. The so fliers usual- fro* bin majority. It le no wonder ly send the words, but not the music, that there Is surprise and heartiest And they are great as parodists, some congratulations at the news ef the of their parodies being really clever, authority to wear another star with Some of the songs that are sent in hie former designation of rank
i
W. J. HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
Prices of other Ford Cars are : Two-passenger Runabout #540, two-passenger Complete $850 ; Five-passenger Sedan $1,150. All cars fully equipped, including electric headlights. Prices F. O. B. Ford, Ont. All Ford cars are on exhibition at
U Need A Safe
No. 8, Ml HR ELM
to eeoTxcr rorn books.
AND RKCOROS
Homer,
Vainer
FROM D
vcrioif
In Case Of Fire
G. A. HOWARDS
DEALER
Centre St. - Shawville.
I have received the agency for this Dis trtet for the far-famed " tie liable " Fire
city, while It has been adopted as the *
Proof Safe and Lock Co., whose good* are guaranteed to stand the severest test.
end will be pleased to quote prim several styles manufactured.
The Combined Office Desk and Sals
Grade I—Campbell RoUlaille, Gladys Robi taille.
Grade I Jr.—Myrtle Somerville, John Wallace, Arthur McGuire, Russell
Primer II — Her hie Robi taille.
Il torn
sional man's or farmer's equipment. It la the most convenient outfit ever Invented
Having been so recently elevated
ere from soldiers at
Prices away below those of the city flHltnA
Telford, Willie

M R. MoOL IRK.
Sbawvilk.
( J Amo i t Teacher
*
###PAGE###6###

h
t
sJ
CHIEF OF IMPERIAL STAFF.
? <\v ' >v	y^xXxvfc
1F=
Mvulvnanl - Genmil Sir Janiee
Wolfe* Murray. .
Spread the Bread li
Making Restitution
« •
s
e


Chief of the Imperial staff of the British Army i* tiio proud title of Lt.-General Sir James Wolfe Murray, a man in whom Canadians should be interested because of the fact that he is a lineal descendant of Col.
| Watch,
James Wolfe died upon the Plains of Abraham before Quebec in 1759. Col. Murray named hie son James Wolfe, and the two names of England’s great hero have been handed down from generation to generation. The present James Wolfe was born on March 13, 1H53.
This boy in due time had to get his schooling, and began at the aristocratic Glen almond in Perthshire. From there he went to Harrow, thence to the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, getting a commission in the Gunners in 1972.
At the 4‘shopM no one supposed that the young Scot would have a particularly brilliant career. It was recognize « I that he could work for ten hour at a stretch and was extremely long Headed,
Scotch stories required a Scotch ardent economists out of scrapes, sense of humor to he found a in us- Murray could do this more than ing. For instance, he was fond of well, because detail and organiza-the following : One day, he relates, tjon were ns the breath of his nos
he chanced to meet a “native” up trils. In gratitude for all he had ^	^	^r
üEi mm
h.r ta.e brightened up. all at once like.	—	rav that on seeing the P\ III. nil (I h	WionghUe*» ot the higher ooilga
When .he re»d that hit of » mitt' my m.„ Their Loyalty to Great Britain Un- f‘ first time lie was observed	-*- tion* of life, for forty years he lia,
;;1'Sï:::::;.r,,,,,.:™..:^r^.rter&	^	BE3EHB-3
...
that remind» me. I must go and *t*c if to prove her full right to belong to the lows : “Only to think of these An extraordinary occupation that her en<ll». ' ,oUn<i v‘ l !	»
Itrltish Umpire Indians want to be things standing.here all these thou- man» of the very poor follow in	treatment
Lethe Ford had tvarveiy touched the	fn-ely admitted to Australia and Van-	îvalK{9 (,f years. Give me a couple Japan, is that of the esatori, or	and ill treatment
handle of the study d«*>r before Hir Lu*	and other colonies of the Empire.	f *:#»» find I would iruaran- bait catcher, who spends Ins days	She is baking pies,	and	she	mif-
AiJê^ü^nler'Zchc k: The feeding of these tr<K,pa has prov | j„ klllH.k tlie r„bbiah tu bibs gathering angleworms We say vies with her task, for the morning and brew.	e«l a delicate task, which has been. •	, ..	‘ his/' continues the account in the is slipping away, and a piece of pie
‘ Dearest, dearest LeslieV he er ed. My deftly solved so far For some of them |	'	Jannn Maira/ine hut the bait dig- for dinner is the husband’s darling
"' u,%, l	m.d.UZid" y,.„'	t-liev,. In having meg. killed by cut-	The “Bivening Wolfe."	g,rs nr(. ils	women as men. indulgence It never enters her
fêmm mmz mmm
IO U»“ïi* ”«îfT». h,m l»,„„ dead their religion. Crime Is unknown in ,,e has „/wlns been known ns a Tokyo is » great place for Uns
at the et» t ion. with my own eyw.	the Indian army, and there are no	. staid and respectable member calling. The city has numerous	tied ion ¦	¦
L.y.ii*> bid her face on Sir Ltumu * nhoui-	cells for the Indian troops In the bar-	^ sm.'u>‘(v who has been twice mar- ^reams and canals connected with	manifests itself at	loopholes.	when
Oh. it » no dreadfu™ the whie-pcr^J racks 1 lu‘ 'm‘n v”li^t ,or 30 years, , I brought up two sons and tidewater, and as soon as the tide it is not provided with large
% %dieses |||g
i w:iTto:dot,,u,% z\°J -----------------— ««¦ « ^ ^	^
a<vount f,,r plicants for every vacancy that occurs I |	¦ legs into the deep mud, and picking
"vST •£? ®,;1d f!i"Kii. "And	may	in the ranks of the Indian army of Gt.	I	,	”P thf wrigging red angleworms
Heaven be merciful to hie soul!’*	Britain.	That applies to all regiments i	I	Æ?	that they dig out of the mu<1.
U » iVaheV"* muet 1,11,1 l,v our 'g there. So you can Imagine what the J	Èl v4 . .. 'Av	j These worms are a somewhat dif-
4 • dh. LucunP	Empire will be able to get by taking	I	Np '.w	Y	ferent species from the earthworm.
'Listen, dearest, and 1 will explain every fit man who wishes to enlist. I	4	They are alight I v stouter, with
E.tS1s ZLZ.b* ** ¦* sajss; X
noned. even for a week, eiplanstionw «re • have constantlv been in the	thick	of	I	4 I	U.VJ11^!1 t1rvP	Uf	Uü,,,,“	a.s	\U ?
jBCJHi I clt: a,
it i« better that all should go on me if leg from the warmer parts of India I I	<v'	t-ake them to the shop and sell
va*h^reUh<Ml m iM lla<1 never	0,1 ’ , have been severely tried by the cold. 1	I them. The bait alnip deals in bait
And Leslie Ford waa forced to own that	_*_ I 'l	II I onb*« a,1<i from these establish-
in'îh^îTule villa,. HAD HIS OWN BATTERY.	j	I	11	bUy	f°r
church that afternoon quietly married. I	- j	¦¦	their IlOOKS.
with only a few spectators to witness the Remarkable Incident Related	by Brit-	11|/	Ml	The amount	that the angleworm
N,"mrô7i *wm,Lh« htobrànd.,rSÎ^'n,<1 thë	i»h Officer.	can make daily i. very
"uA dh*/«hTV,:r,	A c„..ry omce, letter the ,.o„.	sir J.».r, W„„r Murray,	more tUan forty aen Un
And no one ever knew, not even lira. It don Times from the battle front tells a	K.i.B.	I	^°r i *1 j lt 1	*	11
ley. Who fancied she had penetrated «11 queer story of an old artilleryman, as __the household expenses
the secrete of l* e heart. how nearly follows:	I	I summer weather the work it not
e mmrny,	,een. ruei r.1 r< .	There is one incident I must cite; It	| when Wolfe Murray first entered	hard,	although	it	is	certainly	hot.
Vearw have parsed since tbit str imr»'.	amused us mightily. Some time ago,	the sen ice, subalterns considered	with the	sun	beating down on	the
»irt '	™ ™ 7 L .	1 Îcrne7«re sîrenîiy ),%ppyin"thmr be'of- when closer to the lines, we were out that it was the proper thing to stooping form and reflected from
>	.-red s r Lu«* 1,1	^ / t fUl English home, -where the current of exercising one fine morning when the play hard and work not at all. But the wet mud and water,
mvli uMf Isrt night- I gave him a check	hf«	on. np	j funniest old outfit came along, some	Wolfe Murray was a heretic. Play colder weather, however, it is
». r «un.- monev He must have met hi*	h<h^	*hen the little onrs are huehed in	ol<1 g/; ot a KUDnvr with a big gun	be did not greatly care about, but more trying, for the bait catcher
sses
'he , ™ *he^r‘l7 P..JS	'B“‘	" ” »»r n<w." .he mu,,,. ,i,h »	and let off a couple of shot,, drat one	U‘»t » nfle .. a more or-le.. eorvioe- their oallmff are frequent among
iVncve? b'* lodv and l,mb,. %>!!,	prayer -f.reU.ud. And i	„Ver. second short, and i. appears he	^le *rm f?r	dost ruction of tiie bait women especially beriberi	Deathlike	Silence,
therex. one comfort h» couldn't never h» *Ând S?r Luci“ l^kin^down l.VtTlJv, was quite satisfied with the next four, one R enemies. In lus early youth and dropsy. The Japanese regard	.	. tf
II*	i§plis
s:sa ,%=m=.. mmm, mm£m mmm mwm
m&m ir:rrr-" ::Sglr! .=Æiës g##| gsss«-s
E?7-~sare a « =v',Vu.r — - ^ssrasrn w. z ; »“ »	ss Lsrsa xi sr ,o“ stat *« - -—-**
Hir LiH-iin remlined at the station only	Even people who do not live In glass	the total addition of steam tonnage In	c1eo^e* r9™ trouble won a
long enough to see the coroner, and give	houses should not throw stones	Britain during the year has been i.	dusky potentate A email Kritidh
WW », Thi'dV5"»m5' Tfo"..nM" A little learning I, a dangerous thing «2.151 tons gross, and of sailing Ion-'g-meon wa* shut up in Comwi,
but the same amount of Ignorance nag* 16.919 tons gross, or. In all, 1.569,. /and hir James Willoooka was des beats It.	I 272 tons gross. Of the tonnage added patched with a force to relieve it.
to the Register over 85 3-5 per cent.1 Major Wolfe Murray was appoint-c „	^ i	,	I consists of new vessels practically all ed as commandant of the lines of
Home peuple worry almost a^ built In the United Kingdom An Im I (N,mm„nicati<>n DeUkil and bard
from the Register amounts to 1,080,- tllAt	^ Hoiith African \^ar
246 tons, and of sailing tonnage to 74 r*me a]i ’ *	*°{ * wmilar one in
306 tons or In sll to 1,164.642 tons. On ' Natal, and was mentioned in <les-the whole, du-Ing 1814, the number of patches botûi by Sir George White steamers on ihe official Register of and $ir Red vers Buller. Bx this the Tnlted Kingdom has Increased by time he was a major-general, and 252 and the tonnage by 462,107 tons, went out to India as Quartermas-whiic the number of sailing vesels haâ ter General Tlie little tin g.^s
^CAS^n.by^r.a?di the ,1onna*e ** wibli the bra«« hats looked on what
#
9
with •fro»’* Brand* Corn X Synip and the children's • Xcraving for sweets will be completely satisfied.
Bread and * Crown Brand1 form a
A
J
*>
I
Or, The Bridal Dress.
perfectly food—rich in the elements
Edwardsburg %|r
balanced
Murray of tlie Black in whose arms General
V

%
the gentleman railed him. elf. had been staying there for a week pant, for ti*hmg. a# he represented, "but aw to hi* goti ond comings, l am entirely tgnor ant
an nformal question from the coroner
\ ml
VHAPTKK XLVl (Continue^.
hir Lucian Perrier waw walking up and down hi* study aw the clock struck one lie had thought, long and deeply ; he had apparently come to »«uuc delimte and svt-til'd conclusion. Two or three wealed letter* lay on the table, which ho had written with a hvui and unwavering hand, and left to he discovered, aw Fate might will it. in the morning For Sir Lucian had determined to leave Oldham (.1 range to leave New York leave the country.
If 1 am once gone." lie argued within himself. "Leslie will have a home at Old him (1 range. If 1 remain here, nothing will prevent her from going out once more into the world wh oh lia» already been e<> hard and heart lira toward her. My poor,
what a cruel fortune in tin*
her of friend'*
the
‘Crown Brand’Corn Syrup

Hv it* no friend of mine.
in answer
V
is so economical find so good, that it is little wonder that millions of jxHiiuls arc eaten every year in tlie homes of Canada.
'Crown Brand’—the children’s favorite —is equally good for nil cooking imqxises and candy making.
* 7 //. > ' li 7// 7/ ’ ’ is a pure white C oru Syrup,
HOt so pronounced in Jtaior as '< roum Brand\
) on may prefer it.
Ill ! 1111
nothing lb lit a mere acquaint une at thuj m my wedding-day. 1 mu-t a»k to tie relieved from the nwvt-t.ity of appearing later in the day- to give any evi, delict' at the inqu««t."
The coroner, a portly, good-natured gentleman, who had a great respect for the tilte end and wealth of the Kngli-h baronet, ehowed hi* teeth in a «ouile. oxen though this ghastly thing lay a dent and grim before him.
"Under the circumstance*," he «-aid. "«>! coureto Sir Lucian wit* vx« u-ahle, and all that would he neccvaary woe for him to tugn h'i* written testimony.
So Sir Lucian returned to Oldham Orange, feeling a* if In had h ft tin* lilack-Ores of dark ne ^ behind him forever.
Mr*. Trivial y met him on the three!»-
cm »i^ i
N



8
N

to
THE CHOICEST SUGAR

0ARDSBUIK;

s\
No choicer or purer sugar can he produced than St. Lawrence Granulated White I'urc Cane Sugar.
Made from choice selected cam# sugar, by the most modern and perfect machinery, it ia now offered in three dlièrent ei/ee of grain — each one the choicest quality.
St. Lawrence Sugar is packed in 100 lb.. 25 lb. and 20 Ih. scaled bake, and also in 5 Ih. and 2 lb. cartons. « id may he had at all brat class dealers. Buy it by the bag.
ST. LAWRENCE SUGAR REFINERIES UMITU). MONTREAL
ASK VO UR GROCER-IN 2. 6. 10 AND 20 LB. TINS
The Canada Starch Co. Limited, Montreal
Manufacturera of the famous Edwardaburg Brands
11
|M>or g:i
which, while it deprive* and home, at the same time pi tecs hcr m tlio power of yonder hardened ruffian, who evidently regard* her ad nothing lucre than a merchanUrhle article! And l am utterly power!ew*< to aid her in any respect. except by leaving her forever!
All the night lie remained there el cep lew. and racked by contending emotions - and when the firwt gray «laylight begin to pearl th* east, hi* face look««t liko the face of a mon who hn« pa* ed through •some mortal illncce the clock.
• A quarter to five.
I «hall catch the N« w \ oi k exprès it
the field*, a ml shall be beyond
a
29
§
a
»rt» I
? 05=::
t —
old
Why,
‘ Lucian ! Out already ?" said a he I thought 1 w««t the earliest person up in the household."
I have been for a walk." said Sir Lucian. and wcaping to lus study, lie wrote a hurried note.
but his
Till: NOBLE SPIRIT.
Doing a “Small Tiling" Bellitlee
the Dorr,
He g la need tip at
''Dearest Leslie. Come to me at once Our troubles are over.
safrl he. to himself
Wilkin* Fren-
x SL J1
ih •
10-1 j
Mr*. M in ton. the housekicp r, was hearer of tin* mwwive. and she afterwanl relatetl her experience in the servant* hall.
go aero *
the reach of recall before my poor mother is ix-irly awake on the. the morning of iuv wedding-day."
He took his hat from the table, and. tig i	\
of the French window, and strode ouf tit jo n the lawn, where the first bird* were Leg lining to warble their matin songe, and a Mill, dewy freshtii*»- filled all the Lucian felt bitterly within him se'f ih it Nature had no sympathy with lire ik tig hearts and overcharged brains At the foot of the shady l ine that l«d ii nn to the railway track, he stood an i take Ins 1 nr»t look at the gray ot the old hon e that held 1rs lo t m instant which was fraught with , bit terne-* to him and then walk-
c!Mrst\t the threshold
uir. mi

in-t ant K sh
l«XX <
t
t«d rapidly on.
The parting xx as over see la s' ie Ford again.
* them auii ui rier <
llc'ti J 1 l II if U
He should never XI! wa* i! end he-all t .	the h >pe. t he
ant vivat 1 I Sir Lift ian I ei Iked on, feeling a strange, unit ion at hie heart, as of emu-

.11 Vrii s
thon death." he muttered. I mint strive to bear it like n 11 v 1 could hear it alone: hut •f her hear! break make* a
I
¦ Xml >«• n m. It the thnugl
« >
. 1
t
hat
The warn ¦
<-f the
Minr
platform .’It «II. «I Jiuvtiotl *t
trains were $ nmpelh d % stoppage. Karly no it
i -little crowd
unworthy,
Mrs. Freeman add* the sage re
Nobility of character
rt
llMI
ra
* I
\ ,%rt
I
11

m irn.tig. quit«
around the station door, i horse w.i* Jujt starting ! i x .nip ,1
He touch-
1
I
g UllrfiNl i it-in

der

» i
m in
DUh mi (ii i ige property
-	¦	1 . ! - l ’I .
fur the coroner, air." said i -i t< . dent. And I the bodv. sir. not fifteen minto
doors."
a / n ! ht
doors are not the ordt nary belongings of small lives. What otir friends and the world know <»f us comes mainly by loophole glimpses of the interior, but these, after all, are more significant than we are willing to believe. Doornail thing" belittles tho It is a loop-hole disclosure
s
* 4
*41
* t,;*z I hr rt*’
1
I
he


X man w t' run over
i
To
»• v tir
tin, *
Sir Ltivitin. with the n h'rh no one can he’p feeling ID 1 In inti i |M»a llg Ml >*> ""
Nebu hadnetsar. sir. H-xly t, 4 ir. but face quite natur-4i*ii* temple, where the cow-
lies just
en
» i i
tort xt
r
4 4
1
1 i
mg s doer.
of h narrow mind and a mean spirit. We often think that “holding a grudge" is only the firmness that self respect demands, when wc know that we are on tlie right aide of a quarrel. Really it proven only a mind too narrow and selfish to forget and forgive.
The careless husband of the story would have been keen-eyed enough to see the slender loophole of a pie less dinner, and tlie confidence and respect of forty years of wedded life would have suffered a loss by what he saw. A series of such loophole disclosures might account for a thousand loveless homes and a thousand broken friendships.
But a noble spirit, a loving heart, a character moulded on broad lines, cannot be hidden, either. It comes abroad to sweeten and uplift the world through loopholes as well as through doors. A life that shines never fails to be seen, although it may be fancy itself concealed under the “bushel’ ' of obacure circumstances—Youth’s Companion.
el except u
mi:>t have «truck him
with i backward motion irm inward the railway et at ion In- flung» 4 hi* upur« into the eidv tun «•. You can go and look at him
I .1 176 r I V
i in. follow it-g the inetinrt i n:»iuri; curiosity. g\inoi*d at h!e itch to make «lire of not miming tlie ntn. it-| entered the -qu ire little red
« V building
\ hoirl nr two, hurriedly brought in
coil-
n ther»
,.r
of
> MI
o
a
or
tn
if
La
¦<
i
I
In plait* rm, and laid upon a
ool«, «formed an impromptu wretch, whose «oui hml
Two or
1
1 u u
I
»
hf
poor
hurried into eternity mi u Ht Hiding around the rigid fig . | eh had been decently covered with ... grav traveling «.bawl, belonging ¦Ü . f i he ticket agent*, made way for lhr baronet an he approached, and on» * bem lifted a handkerchief from the f v	H Locisn	k at it.
1 He N I ftinrur»; hereabout*. T gurvw. mb .I he ‘ Ain't nobodv weenie to know him Y«h. it h an uglv tight. I'll allow. «I* Sir Lite in started hack with a nniotn-«red exclamation of horror. "Bv Heaven ir «p St. Ju«t r burnt from h e white hp*. in wp if ii i f * Know him, eir?
y hn t hr*


n
lire
to on*

l u the
a ked the ticket
III the
Diseases that are the result of

cloud h id
wrong t«i re jo cp in devil
a fe1 low-creature! And
of
ourself/* hie mate
t
naoN>H h cedent#, it w nridlew to tey that he preserved an Inviolable alienee ' He vMilted me Ivte last night,” «aid he We hid bmlncne together, and I a re bun a cheek for five thousand dot-I luppcee he meant to return to the Thick e Back Inn,” for Jhe landlord of that eet ihliahment bad Just arrived, end bore evidence that Mr. Jocquelin. as
Beautiful Walls For Your Home Sanitary. Fire-Proof, Inexpensive

+
\
ÜHUiil
r.
l
v mBw *
:::::::::::
"1
Make you: home more attractive, and protect it from fire with these beautiful, sanitary

i

Metallic
Ceilings and Walls
II
ft
RENNIE'S Al.WAYS GROW THE BEST IN THE LAND.
I
« I
TWv win OMt
fr- m reef te r*
5cS22S

vucr.
Calait
L. Wolfe Murray. Hie chief duty <>f the person holding this job was to give tips to Uyse in authority over him and lei them know when guns, rifles, and ammunition were I had it tbs# to I reaching vanishing point in th*
• I arsenals- iu other words, to get
I HI
I •
Ns Hilli Is Pay.
She (reproachfully—“You didn't mind spending money on me before
i \

We
é
%

Wm. RENNIE Co.
Limited
THE METALLIC ROOFING CO. LIMITED
A vs.. WINNIPEG
ADELAIDE and JARVIS S
11 Montre*a I, VV
, I OltON i U^ON I
#TORONTO
11

\!
"No;
. V
i n n
fend."
###PAGE###7###
;

A
Replenish
YOUR BLOOD IN THE SPRING
„T“	Never Want to
%%%%&»	Be Without Them! ....* « »• """ "»	~ •• »~*
Exhausted at times and cannot de- but by balances of justice.-Rus-	- . somewhat remarkable conclu- tailroada is illustrated by the Jhav;,
vote real energy to your work. kin.	Alberta l.ailv IWI« it n»r n„tv ! bKm w,,ich Prof. Bergonie of the hue imposed recently by the federal
through your muscle» and jointe, or Jars. If you happen to be beaten Kidney MIN.	' v af*rop°* at t,IUB tame wfcin ^,lt,^nuI Fireproofing Company, j delight.
skin is disfigured by return to the charge.—Marcus Au- v . ,	,	ue have the Taylor system of best ,ri hhe câae of these demurrage
pimple*. Head-	I • .f’1 \\.* H‘rta” April 5th (Spe- use of the human motor.	charges the unfortunate railway in t .
SSSSSsc	S7.
crease your discomfort in the I and passive being, the aum, the ' !. highly respected citizen* of, Gumption so as to concord with the *<kn *low m paying, whereas the ~vcr> hoay • apring,	! combination of all our capacities i place.	variable demand for current. But wst*hful commission, suspecting a favorite^^
The cause—winter has left its and gifts.—Rahel.	an‘ an .J**^*. sixty-eight I human beings, according to him	rebate, is ever threaten-
3pJ ra,¥.?3E' I E?~, HH B£2ût5HP I
haunted. You muet renew and en- '«en who get on in the world are | ‘red me. my muscle» would cramp, ^ ied with miirtÎT i g I PfomPt collections, and the Cana
rich your blood at once and restore n<Jt daunted by one nor a thousand ®nd "]>. ba,k ached. Neuralgia plv Uncord with tV/' •Jrl’d Pf I mn Board of Hallway Commission-___
tone to your tired nerves, or there breakages.—John Morley.	T,M^d ™y troubles.	r,)<)St rk th the penods of fr« may follow suit. Shippers who I *• w. nawsow, irtn.ty
may be a complete breakdown. The IxJolt not morunfully into the Uodd s Kidney Pills are the K<irt,i„»t.U ,,	.	.	'laYe be^n storing their goods -1 Toronto
...........1
J° *'our ^ork* s	ner grandma said, "Edla, dear, u.lur . _ _	,	o clock, and from 7 to 8, for the 'Vifh reliable old Nervlllne you can
eg-in jour spring tonic treat- will you have some more beans î,#	MISE AND OTHERWISE# early morning breakfasts—coffee, 17!^ °Slt thv paln °r Rheumatism, Scia
ment today for the blood and ««jL » rer)lie<i Edla	M .	- etc.-^an hardly be counted Fv ' Lumba*°. or Neuralgia-rub it
Ipiipiliteiip
a box or six boxes for $2.50 by »h s building 1	Many a man s idea of ctmtent- 7.30 a m., and should be completed ,,heHrpfor,e 11 Penetrate, quick!,-sinks
writing The Dr. Williams Medi- Janitor—1 essah. Dere s Mr. Sal- ment ls having more than he can ! by two others of lighter nature deeply—and gets right at the core cine Co., Brockville, Ont.	| mon un de second floor.	use	taken at 4.30 and at 8 o’clock n m’ ?f ,he pa,n ,at once—draws out the
Will Quickly Cure	j L lZ*rL»ZUnJr£?y EP
sisig EsEÊîi ills
, ..	. . . , .	hy a great number of persons. The .ue,fht in Kold to every family In the
lake care of the night before and Romans had the same habit, points ,and’ and Bure to cure the emergent the morning after will take care of out the Scientific American, so that and ™in?r 11,8 of a hundred kinds that
f‘ . . ,.	.	this must be due to the effect of ffmMvX ?r,#8n* Get the large 50c
o^.E,„S,,. L.„..y,„..... h„.. »,	ll r.:
A	% fyzz rt:„,. »*,. » ,„,.h.nM wbo ** ->	............................. «-gJ
... „MHs™ ss'£ :i-r r 7
auction the spear that was used by and all the symptoms of Intestinal In- f couW wp ourselves as otlli-a rebel dervish to kill General Uor- digestion. Nothing helped me until I er#4^fe U8, conceit wou,<J he a drug don. The relic ultimately fetched U8ed Dr. Hamilton’s Pills. Instead of 0,1 the market.
thirty guineas.	hurting, like other pills, they acted Une enemy will generally do more
On another occasion the sword very mildly and seemed to heal the ^o make a man talked about than a OlilOlf
aee~a^
rades, and sent it home to her. I Marseilles and other trench cities coffee on th* hearts of many per-A few years ago & relic of the r encouragement that electricity Hm,t well known by physicians to siege of Paris was discovered in a I may	R^^e ^ bo the long-sought be caused by caffeine. This is the
windmill near Besancon. This was j	°* cheap and effective water <*ruff found by chemists in tea and
the mummified body of a pigeon to ! Pun°cstd<,n Purity of water sup- coff<*e.
;####:#
"SSS5:™"*' H; I	tinsse- xx
~ s rs»l* i £ atrfesaas a	-d j
u r* ^ tr’ m V84: *hen Sir < harles, cannot be accomplished - by any breathe again.
M tarthv and six hundred men | method of filtration now known ao	"The doctor told me	that coffee
r 1(*0 an wrabush, and were as to be practical for use on a	vaa causing the weakness of my
a ftuffntered to a man.	j	large	scale.	heart. He said I must stop it, but i	You	would	not think	of	taking
fi * j ? j leader of the | It has long been known that ul- R seemed I could not give it up un- your	neighbor’s	life	or	wounding
gallant six hundred was rimmed , tra-violet rajs of light have very til I was down in bed with nervous him with any physical weapon with gold, and used as a drinking- remarkable germicidal effect,	prostration.	I	But	you perhaps do not realize that
cup by the kings of Kumasi for half i quickly destroying the vitality of	For eleven weeks I	lay there) when you	say	an evil	thing about
B century.	| the most virulent disease-produc- *nd suffered. Finally husband him you are wounding him more
ing germs. Through the discovery brought home some Postum and 11 grievously than you could possibly b/ ,Dr. Cooper Hewitt the ultra started new and right. Slowly I wound him with gun or dagger
BABY'S OWN tablets!“'4	KAt
found	kî>7*Ue^ the,J k*16 wid to be ample, not very expen- Name given by Canadian Poetum *n*hip. it i, unspeakably bad form
a^d nlÜl	»“'* »•*• «xi may be invLalkd in pri- Co., Windaor, Ont. Read ' Tf,r from the standpoint of Chr..t..nUy
ùk. PT!"t for <fcf.,1.<btie ones to vate homes.	Road to Wallvi'Je,' in pkg».	lnd ‘he teachings of Cbri.iianity ’s
¦	ykere	by nasdaefne Electricity also has been recent Postum cornea in two forms :	founder.
& g-	wSJL-s^ l	£££*"' ----------Er~ —
2^ i.
“y wood •*wfd ” Great thoughts aeldoj» c«P» in '"There » a Rea» V’ for PoT - h PP^ ^
> * Well, give it to me «old. | very big pack age a	j	-sod by GLruot
WHEN TO EAT.
AX INTERESTING CASE.
V
o\

POTTED
MEATS-
^ V


Full flavored and perfectly cooked make delicious sandwiches.
The
may be your rashes, boils
The
or
s

FARMS FOR SALE
Colborne Street,
ou
wr.,« H/ W.°<L>âw»on|" Bnm^ofl
or !#0
_______NURSERY STOCK.
rHAWBKRttlfcS. KASPBEKR1EH. P<£ TATOKB. Catalogue free. McConoaJ à Son. Port Burwell. Ont.
S
Tortures of Rheumatism Held lo Tin's Reined)
MISCELLANEOUS
<
1 ANC ER, TI'MORh LUMP». ETC, Internal a mi external, cured without pain by our home treatment. Write Unfailing ’ before too late. Dr. Heilman Medical ¦ Co., limited, Colling wood. Ont.
A Marvel of Speed,
Cure for Old Chronic Cases
an
ATfi
E£ nfii
ppfeiMM
T ?#î.f ®L y p#f •••i oflK, w#Hirs
£ issues Wêf buflierâ tsfsloe •• re«w##i •llu te UN d#»6«4!Af «n equipment.
iiduni wh Ni nwi. ia
KEÈLEY
CURE
1253 DUNDAS TORONTO I
FOR ALC9H91IC& DRUG ADDICTI9NS

you so
AMAZING WAR RELICS.
Interesting Articles Solti by Auction in London..
HAWK BICYCLES
An up locate High Grade
Bicycle fitted with Bo. Jet Chain New lupatiut e Coaster Btuks and Hubs, DetaihabU Tun,
high erade equipment. Incîiid-ing Mudguard*, tfoo Cfl Pump, end Tools
¦^FREE1915 Catalogue,
Relieves Fullness After Meals.
There will doubtless be seen in "When 1 was working around the this country some strange relics of farm last winter, I had an attack of the present great European con-1 inflammation,” writes Mr. E. P. Daw-flict, say * Lnmln Answers.	j kins, of Port Richmond
for
70 pares of Bicyclet. Bur/ft n, t B'pi.t Material. Vit n buv your supplie* from Wholesale P; ices.
T. W. BOYD & SON.
27 Notre LNuoc St. Writ. Montreal.
U» ut
Never llad Any.
COrnfi Applied ,n	I'1 hea" that Dvodley « wife has
¦	5 Seconds ‘tft him without env reason I '
A. .Bore, bHeterfne feet “So? Well, n tjhat ease she left I MARINE
wlllcU from cori> pit inched him as he found him.”	2 h.p. at $40, 3 h p at $50	» „
tw. can b. ou red	_____ at $«n, ; h.p at »8u, b h.p. it *T,o
tractor In 24 hours I	Llnlme"« Cur«« «urns. etc. | ”i3»?24 h.pP«tiVlne a/*!:"^
STATIONARY: —
2% h.p. at $«5, 4H h.p. at «85. 8 h.p. at $145, 3% h.p. at «65.
Send for complete list, also logue of new
til ARANTEE MOTOR TO. Hamilton, (a nail a.
me iniuaivs
HI
I nder Cover.
Parson-Robert, did you know
your mother was looking for
That's whv she
you ?
Bobby—You bet can’t find me.
ch i a
Fever and Ague.
ones
Feggy is a Good Girl.
You were Feggv Ross lam nighr saving anything about in’
— ‘ Oh, no, nothing at all, good girl, Peggy say anything nice about she just holds her tongue
BflS&gf

Sally —
ca ling on
Was * ie
K
She's a \\ ri n she * ! - L
a 1 y body
Between Friends.
My husband has an eye for the
an opinion
artistic. -
"Xo one would have believed it to look at you.”
r i
A woman suffered a long time severe heart trouble and
But one doesn't need to bp a U tanist in order to rcrogni.t blooming idiot.
Minard't Liniment for sale everywhere.
Minard i Liniment Cures Dandruff
Albert Co.. N B.
wi
til
a
I
GEO. TINGLE Y

/
%

a
9-
never
Canoes, Skiffs, Motor Boats
THE PETERBOROUGH LINE.
Guard the Tongue.
It any canoe can give you satisfaction, it la a “PETERBOROUGH/* Always and ever the acme of service, model, strength and finish. Over fifty styles and sises. Write for catalogue. The latest canoe is the Peterborough canvas covered. Ask for illustrated folder. Skiffs for the popular Outboard Motors. Power Launches, all sizes and pow-era. Get felders telling all about these.	e
THE PETERBOROUGH CANOE COMPANY, LIMITED,
PETERBOROUGH. ONT.
MOTHER’S PRAISE
un
MStai *
*
»



SSS5
"Ovrotorn” V Bottom
Motor Boat
Freight Prepaid to any Railway Station in Ontario Length 16 Depth 1 Ft. • In.
Specification No ZB flvtog engine prices on req The Pen et an g Line" Com

i
Ft Beam 3 Ft. • la.,
ant motor fits.
t. Get
THE GIDLEY BOAT CO„ LIMITED, PEN ETANG, CAN.
18SI E	(b
ED. 7.
###PAGE###8###
Canadian Pacific Railway.
Tie SlawTille Boot aid Sloe Store
Panama Pacific International Exposition, San Francisco, Cal.
Panama California Exposition, San Diego, Cal,
New Styles
REDUCED FARES
Who wants the very newest
SHOES
In effect March 1 to November 30, 1915.
Hot urn limit X months but not Inter than Dec. 81st, 1015 Choice of routes, liberal stop over privileges.
A a >
A nice assortment of the latest styles in
Homeseekers’ Excursions
Men’s and Youths’ Hats

To \\ innipeg, Edmonton and intermediate stations and return, every Tuesday from March 2 to October 26, 1915. Return limit two months.
Full particulars on application.

at reasonable prices.
«r


x
J
f
Something new and up to date in
E. J. HEBERT, 1st Asst. G.P. A., Montreal.
/
J
!
¦
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
\ J
I
Horses for Sale
will be found at
I Span Black Mares 0 years old, one due to foal May 24.
1 Span ('liestnnt Mares, 10 years old, -one weighing 1450 lbs.
1 Black Marc, 11 years old, due to foal 12th July.
1 Span Black Foals-1 0 months old and one 1 months old.
.Also two good sound second hand Single Buggies. All will be sold on easy terms. Apply to
E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
Makers have “ done themselves proud " this season, and the result is we have here a collection of New Shoe Styles that are so attractive that those who see them will surely buy ; so come and tempt yourself. You can’t make a mistake if you buy here.
LAWRENCE HODGINS
Charteris, Que.
TAILORING.
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
•xSâSÉÉâ,
P. E. SMILEY,
The Quality Shoe Store.
SUITS TO MEASURE
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS
Austin
First Tuesday, Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
Now is the time to leave your order
The family in a group photograph — before they have left the old fireside and gone “iit into the big world think of it to red, how glad you will lie that you had it (Vine in time.
L ist Saturday a British ship T1 HE-ole head of a family, o any male under charter to the Belgin Belief ; 1 oyer IS years old, may homestead a tommi-sion. and laden with sup- quarter section of available Dominion phi s from New York for the *uf- ^Jn )Iamtoba, Saskatchewan or Al
joeing Belgians wns Mink liy a person at the Dominion Lands' Agency Derman submarine without warn- or Sub-agency for the District . Entry iug in the North Sea, uml 27 of the by proxy may be made at any Dominion crew wen lost.	Lands ^genci (but not sub agency) on
' c« rtain condition*.
1
For Your New Spring Suit.
When the family i
'
t
Applicant must appear in
t
Wyman, •
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarm • Last Saturday,
of each month.
First Friday,
H. Imi*i*n, Arti-t
You get QUALITY, STYLE, PIT WORKMANSHIP, when you buy from me.
Duties.—Six months residence upon id cultivation of the land in each of ree years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of hi* homestead on a farm of at least 40 acres. on certain condition-. A habitable house is required except when residence i- performed in in I lie vicinit y.
In certain districts a home-tender in rood standing may pre-empt a quarter-section alongside hi - home-tead Price $5.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence in each of three years after earning homestead I patent ; also "0 acres extra cultivation. i*re emption patent may »>e oiitained as soon as homestead patent, on certain ; conditions.	|
A settler who has exhausted Ids home-1 “tend right may take a purchased home stead in certain districts. Price $3,00 per acre. Duties. Must reside six month- in each of three years, cultivate i * ontiac. Range 1. Lots No. 45b, 40b and 50 acres and erect n hou-e wor' h $500.	47b. For particulars apply to
The area of cultivation Is subject to re"	(5. E. HANSON
Service duct ion in caae of rough .scrubbv or stony land. Live stock may he substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
LOCAL NEWS
*«
I
N"
G
t
< hir city father- would do well to île vise some means of smoothen-ing i li«' mud it a>
Continued scraping year has ex po-ed the stout considerably, and has rendered some kind of top di es-ing necessary, if the roadway i< to be pi served, which, no doubt ¦citKzen desires.
1
Tax Notice

n Main Street, year it t.-i work
23 years’ experience in High Class Tailoring.
7 years with 2 Macs, Ottawa.
Get This Book FREE
Contains nil the modem points of ngriculturnl research ; cmVrnccs tlic practical experience of over 100 corn growers. Pedigrcexl seed clack
Ai there is a lull in the payment of School I axe* in the Municipality of Clarendon. we urge that the matter he at tended to by rate payers immediately By order of the Board.
• • Z
«
* .
B
grown cn loam and clay soil of Krnt Cov.ntv. Kndorscd by the (Wr
< •»* OfVUt
Supplied direct ty the gTowers. A-k for price* 1
PIONEER CORN GROWERS

the
Note the Address
silt
m. a. McKinley.
Asst. Secy-Treas
every
TiO
g
91:
Shawvillv, March 20. 1015.

S. M00RH0LJSE
d/wn.
#2
*6

A bountiful rainfall from tlu ->mthwot Friday night, gave a vernal tinge to the surface of mother earth next morning permed agreed that it was just the right thing at the right time.
u hieh aevompan ied the"miu^may | fo^one dollar '‘ HaNtein BuM -jmuI the prospect of dropping into l «t 1 ni y spring weather for some time to come, if the old sign of Spting thunder counts for anything.
Property for Sale Cheap


Russell House
In the District of Aldlield, County of
Shawville.
VII
For Service
Hull, Que
SPECIAL
Clothing Clearance
SAM KNOX
McKee, Qae

W. W. CORY. C. M. G..
Deputy of t he Minister of the Interior

Penalties of Fashions.
Men of fashion most have felt ex-
N	B.—Unauthorized publication of quisltely uncomfortable In the days of
I tnl* advertisement will not be paid for

r®
L6R9H.rLLY.6Efiti.RS:Removal Notice
1 OU S A1 )\ IflKR.whlch will be sent free
MARION & MARION.
364 University SL. Montréal.
TENTS
, beaver hats weighing ten times as much as the heaviest hats of today. Sir Algernon West remembers wearing about 1850 “a pair of dove colored trousers with two fluted stripes down ¦ .	the sides and buttoned under the foot
I desire to inform the public that with broad stripes of the same mat*
1 have removed the Meat Shop to rial, Wellington boots, which the new premises, next door west iln® qua non with a man of fashion In
of the (J. F. Hod gins Co’s store. tbo8e and a coat so high In the
|| collar that the back of the hat rested on It Indeed, every hat had a c cent of cloth on the back of the brim to prevent the rubbing of the beaver Your e-teemed patronage solicited or Imitation beaver of which the bat
was made, for silk hats were not then Invented."—London Spectator.
Lime in Agriculture
One of the principal functions of tiie Chemical Division of the Dominion Experimental Farms i* to attempt the solution of pio-blems connected with the mainten-ftuec and upbuilding of
fertility.
" Among the many valuable results so far obtained in these investigation- is the demonstration of the vital part played by lime in j
tin* Inman* of a soil'* productive- ! Commands Fourth Brigade.
Tie**,
The subject is treat *d in an in-j	J. A. Denison, who u i
teresting and practical way in command *tae *ouîtb ,nfanlry Brle
'rs.sssraSBsss1 •
The mture of lime anti lime	lpp,,r Canadl College and Royal	And •. her (.ame .luring	l .use	Season	epeciallwt»	to	the medical	pro fees Ion.
stone	Military College, Kingston. After-	by reporting at once	to the	undersigned	One	day,	returned from a	vlait	to	#
'..«".km of lime ™m. ;	™	*" —
T|,.	,„J ml.,«,.( lime. .	S“SlE,b“'
Thone mten stetl may obtain a	He a]so received a medal with four
copy of this bulletin by applying	cla8pi and wae made C M O. and
to \H * u,|h< atmns Branch, De- brevet lieutenant-colonel,
|>artmerit of Agriculture, Ottawa | During the tour of King George
through Canada, before hie accession to the throne, Col. Denison served as aide to him. He warn decorated for service In the South African campaign. made district commander of the Halifax fortress and chief staff officer of the western Ontario command.
T
Owing to business being in an unsettled state on account of present conditions, we find ourselves overstocked in the Clothing line, and the spring season is now on, we will hold a
were
as
soil
Canada's Bonds For 1913-14
Canada in 1913 and 1914 issued j where I nm in a better position to V340.06l.475 worth of Government enter to the want* of customers - I I -	L	- - - than heretofore.
2*Day Clothing Sale
Friday and Saturday April 16th and 17th
In Men’s and Boys’ Clothing only.
and municipal bonds
GKO. PHKNDKRUAST
4
my violation of the Game Jaw you be email playmate, she calmly announced:
c >me aware of. Liberal compensation 1 BeD0 h^ h1. iw< d a button.
|.*id f -r convicting ende .ee. All cor-1	D°‘ WOrrled eb0Ut herr,h#
“Oh, she will get along all right," Florence Louise complacently replied. "They sent for a regular button doo-tor.”—Judge.
Here are a few of the Specials :
Men's Suits all sizes
reg. $12 for $ 8.95
• I
14
10.50
44
15
11.50
N.McCUAIC
Navy Blues, all sizes
16
12.50
Prov Game Warden
17
18.75
Hry-on. January 1913
Blue
19
15.50
A Marins View.
Driven to It by stern necessity, the old sailor bad taken the Job of running an elevator.
Vast there, my heartyr be said to the fat man who was stepping toward the aide of the car. *TU have to ask ye to stand a midship*. This craft has a beavy list to port*
18
14.75
Announcement
20
15.50
22
17.00
Men s Raincoats
as a
6
8.95
44
44
8
5 95
I wish to inform the general public that 1 have opened I 'ml. i taking Far loi
premise*, Cor. Main St., Shaw-ville, Que., and am pre|wired to attend to any calls entrusted to me.
Having taken a course in Embalming in one of the best known and most successful l ndertaking and Embalming Schools in Canada, I am pre-I mi red to give special attention to this line of business.
All calls attended to promptly and with courtesy.
Boy s and Youth's Suits S. B„ D. B. and Norfolk, all at reduced
prices according to quality.
an
on my
PILLS
sweet otri (nirécttoosteiy) - Father. Don’t miss this opportunity of saving money SmTSPÆ SUÆn	y°ur Spring Clothes
would not, my darling. Sweet Girl—
Well, then, father. 111 marry Archie	.	.	.	.	_ , ,
Stoneybroke. He la quite willing to 1X1886 priCGS GO HOt TQlQT to Hobberlin Made tO, Mv* bere.-I.on<1oD Telegraph.	Measure Suits.
Exports Inrrftwd Three Millions.
Canadian exports during January totaled $28,695.000. am against $25,218,000 In January, 1914. Exports of animal product Increased from $3,151,000 to $5,661;000 and exports of manufactures Increased from $6,060,000 to $7,769,000. Importe amounted to $30,000,000. as compared with $40.000,000 in January, 1914.
on
FOP THE

College Life.
“Has your son been to college long enough to lesrn the ropesf “Ob. ye* Indeed; long enough to
Reductions on Clothing- only.
If the urine is hot and scalding—is too free or too scanty—or shows brick dost deposits or mucus-wet Gin Pills today and cure yourself of Kidney ami Bladder troubles. "Made in Canada 60c. box, 6 for $2.50. Free treatment if you write National Drug Co. of Canada, Limited, X
Genian.
Genius In the great majority of eases Is but a very small seed, and It Is only by unceasing toll and by taking an Infinitude of pains that It can be persuaded to grow and bring forth fruit
know that the ropes mean strings on
ARCHIE DOVER
bts dad Von ongbt to see tbs letters
bs writes boms for money."—Florida
w. J. HAYES.
Fuqeral Director. Shawville, Que
Times Colon.
• i

