###PAGE###1###
9
*1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPT. 2, 1015
No. 11. 33iid Year

S
THE HARDWARE STORE
The Bank of Ottawa
J\\e Merchants Banl^ of Canada
!
(
ESTABLISHED 1874
Established 1864
Head Office : * Ottawa, Canada.
A 4,000,000 4,078,200 60,000,000
OFFICERS :
Sir H. Montagu Allan . .. K. W. Blackwell ......E. F. Hkhdkn
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Capital Paid Up •
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
RAZORS WANTED
Paid up Capital.....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets........................
239 Branches and Agencies in Canada-
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar nn<! upwards draw# Interest at beat current rate*
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Acting Manager. Shawville Acting Manager. Quyon.
$7,000,000
7,245,140
80,100,400
?
Board of Directors i
7
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON
Vice-President
President
SIR HENRY N BATE, DAVID MACLARBN,
RUSSELL BLACKBURN, DENIS MURPHY,
SIR HENRY K. EGAN, HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY ¦	I B. C. WHITNEY.
Do yuor Little Bit like a Man.
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
D. M. FINNIE, Aset-General Manager
W. DUTHIE, Chief Inspector.	w
The Master Cutler, of Sheffield, England, has made a strong appeal for old, or spare razors, for use of soldiers at the front. The need is urgent, the object worthy and patriotic. Send your razors to us, we will forward them to England, where they will be put in shape, honed, and delivered to the war office. Do it now.
W. P. DRUM
Fort Coulonge Branch - B. F. CHILTON, M Campbells Bay Branch Portage du Fort Branch • A. H. MULHERN, Manager
R. LEGER. Manager
“Business as Usual”
has niade % attendance at the
ncowLiNc zr//
HENRY’S
A Play is being arranged, under the auspices of the Presbyterian Ladies’ Aid, for Thursday, Sept. 9th. The proceeds of which will be in aid of the lied Cross.
It has been decided not to arrange for the Special Train, which was announced for September 9th when publishing the list of S|>evialB for Shawville Fair, Sept., 8th, 9th and 10th, 1915.
On your vacation take a kodak with you. Brownie Camera# from #1.00 up. Kaetman film# and supplies. Mail orders promptly attended to.
H. Imison, King St.
Just Received—A consignment of Fence Wire from Canada F. W. Co J. L. Hod gins.
The annual meeting of the Slmw-ville Homemaker#’ Club, will be held in the Academy, Sept. 4th, at 3 p. m.
The rubber knee rug advertised a# lost cm this |wige was recovered by Mr. Thos Palmer of Vanu and handed in to this office.

Ottawa. Ont
Since January. 1V13, more than 235 student# hive come lo us from other local butine## college#.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH place# for all Canada has never been equaled.
Do not these fact# Indicate undoubted supvronty /
Our instruction being individual, you may begin at any time.
OTTAWA, ONT
Your order solicited
J. H. SHAW.
the best in the history. Why not take advantage of the dull time# and prepare for the wave of prosperity that I# bound to sweep over the Great Country when the war 1# over?
Writs for Free Catalogue.
H. G. W. Braithwait Prin.
m

• t
Personal
D. E. HENRY, Président. Cor. Bank and Spark# Sts
W. E. Gowun( Prin.
Mrs. R. J. Black and children visited relatives in Renfrew last week.
Messrs. R. E. Horner and R. H.
Hazel ton, motored to Pembroke last Thursday.
Dr. Dover, of Ottawa, cousin of Mr. Archie Dover, was in town last week.
Mrs. A. N. Golden and children of St. John’s, Que., are visiting relatives here.
The Misses Louila and Kriim|(jun Armstrong siient the week-end I with Campbells Bay friend*.
Miss Ethel Should ice, Gatineau I If you want a picture of the Academy Point, is spending a couple of and pupil# secure one now while the weeks with lier friend Miss Edith price i# low. An 8x10 picture for f>0c. Caldwell in town.	|	H. ImihoN.
couple of weeks, returned Satur- 1Q Mis* Lottie L. Tillotxon, lute day night.	I of Hawaii, Sandwich Islands, who
Misa Fer nr Belabor, daughter ofj is a talented speaker, will deliver Mr. and Mrs. Win C. Belsher, of an interesting address.
Green L ike, has been engaged this will also be a program of music year to teach the school at Sim- etc. Shape your plans to attend
four miles from I A pleasing and profitable
is in store for all.
W. A. HODGINS
Another bunch of young men went west with last Thursday’s
irvot < Mirsion. number were : John Argue, Trueman Tuck, Maiiaon McDowell.
Mr. R. J. Hamilton, has taken jc:? the agency of the Massey-HarrisCo. from Mr. Sam Hamilton. who has removed to the West.
Mr. Brock, of Montreal, a gentleman who devotes much of his time to the promotion of Missionary work in connection with the Church of England, took the services here on Sunday in the rector’s absence, and gave an interesting address dealing with some phases of missionary situation in the Northwest.
Owing to the wet weather which has interfered very seriously with harvesting operations, many farmers will no doubt find it difficult to get seed exhibits in readiness for the Fair next week. It is hoped, however, that all will put forth their best efforts to make this feature of the Fair as successful as possible.
WANTED
77th Overseas Battalion. Apply stating instrument to Lieut. J. M. Brown, 76 McLaren Street, Ottawa. P. S.—Instruments furnished by regiment.
Among the
111	BUSINESS	wm
W ILLIS COLLEC F
1 W CIVIL SERVICE ¦
The School of Efficiency for those who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
SHAWVILLE
over
I hereby forbid berry
Notice
pickers trespassing on Lot 17, between the 9th and loth concessions of Claren-
Adam Elliott.
f
Autographic kodaks from H. I mi son, King St.
ex insure
$7.00 up
YOUNG MEN
FOR SALE—A number of young horses and coltm. Would sell on time or take cattle In payment Shawville.
There
Frank Armstron
mon#, Que Aylmer.
Mi## L. Dali ms, teacher of the Model Department in the Acad-,	Births
emy, employed her holidays this	___
year in taking a course in Nature	Q1 ...	.	. . .....	.
Study at Macdonald College, and ^ S l\}XXi ]*1	~Rh, to
was awarded a certificate for the I Mr. and Mrs. John B. Judd, a -on.
same last week. She also further advanced her studies in French.
evening
LOST—On Wednesday. Aug. 25th, a small sized yellow dbg, with black nose. Answer# to name '* Teddy. Information leading to hi# recovery thaukfullv received. John T. Johnston. Brick Yard, Shawville
We have about 2\ dozen Felt Hats, values from $1.50 to $2.50. A good many our regular $2 and $2 25 lines. A few good Buckley Hats in the lot. We may have the very size and shape you want.
You can buy one of them for a
Millinery Notice
Miss Mildred Prendergast. who recently purchased the millinery business of Mr. W. A. Hudgins, will hold her first Millinery opening on Sent. 9th ancMOth. A first class milliner from Toronto has been engaged, and an up-to-date stock will be on exhibition. A call from the ladies of Shawville vicinity is respectfully
Wanted TO RENT-A small farm with comfortable house thereon. 25 to 50 aeres will do. or even 100 acres, if rent is any wav reasonable. Ordinary soil will suit. Property required for a poultry farm. Applications to suit these requirements received at The Equity Office.
Married.
Mr. Geo. Helmer, uf Stalks Cor
Dr. N. M. Halkett, who opened an office here a short time ago,	,
but who had previously put in an tiers, and Nellie Pine, daughter of
lisssslsilps
K	I Tb. marri.™ ,«k pl.ee Hfl--
fffigg IpMissllteg
„i,b itiifety.iid p„«t.-Im--------?-- . I theRev. Mr. Tripp, pastor
Last week Mr. Malcolm LeRoy, of the Methodist Church, ami was
^!:=enh.rt.,T,"".KT v, ssBfJir	»:r z
fortunately, the specimen while I the young couple,	he does not «top to think that the
in transit in some mysterious way » [ew friends motoredit< He J»**» great increase of telephone con-got torpedoed, and, therefore, was where Mr. and Mrs. Boland *** venieneee in Canada means a In a somewhat wrecked condition entrained for Toronto, taking ith tjy increased use of telephone
With a I them the beat wishes of a host of ^)leH/The k,ime is t, ne of the extension of telegraph lines, while railways mean millions of new railway ties. Cross ties and telephone, telegraph and electric light poles make up a good part oi Canada'* timber business. Realizing that Canadians want to know as much as possible about their own business, the Department of the Interior in its Held makes provision to supply this need. In the case of forests and forest products the Forestry Branch issues periodic bulletins and between the issues if a citizen desires information on a eiiecial point he will be gladly supplied d lie writes to the Branch. A bulletin oil Poles and Cross-ties in 1914 will be off the pres# shortly and will be sent to all who apply. Questions and requests should b*» addressed to the Director of
Department of the In
and solicited
Apply to J. H.Shaw
MoLYBDEN1TE—Some time ago samples of molybdenite were handed in to this office, and it we recollect aright they came from someone in Otter Lake district, and it strikes us also that we have heard of the discovery of a deposit of this mineral in that locality. Just now there is considerable activity connected with the output of molybdenite, as the demand for it has very much increased. Settlers in the hack townships, where there is no doubt it exists, may,therefore, find it worth while to keep their eye# ofien for the mineral, which is of a dark blue color, is quite soft and scales off in thin flakes when scraped with a knife.
PIPES AND
We have all sizes in our regular half-dollar Work Shirt for the next ten days for
39c. each.
Information about Ties and Poles.
And we want you to see our nice lot of Quarter Ties, which we are showing till exhibition time at
when it reached here little care, however, the measure-1 friends mente of the egg were taken as
Weight. 5 ounces.	I Society.
There was consternation in Brae-side village for a time on Sunday afternoon last. About two o'clock the clouds lowered and there was
every indication from the northwest an approaching storm,	J ¦¦¦¦
suddenly a strong wind sprung up	, , , Mr. IL H. Basel ton who has
and out in the middle of the lake, An appeal for maple seeds ivluch been nursing a sore hand for the up in the direction of Sand Point, it is proposed to plant over the couple of weeks, has rccover-the wind appeared to swirl in graves of Canadian soldier* in efficiently to resume work urrents until It formed what Flanders is leaned by Arthur Pri- Hgajn.
m ie bus
wvwJl
new
19c. each.
W. A. HODGINS

>i ‘‘«trylPH terior, Ottawa


are
one
###PAGE###2###
AnL*8.îtMSLffyale' RUSHED FROM CEYLON
shell know nothing until nis return.
You shell tell him yourself, end 1 assure you that that happiness will make up for all he has suffered.
Child, if you could look upon yourself as I see you now, you would understand hut too cruelly well how impossible it is for a man to see you and not love you.”
H
Il | to go out of the world in a sensational —? manner?”
“Don't!” she cried shivering, her teeth chattering, as if with cold. "If it had all been otherwise—I mean if the fault had been hers—if she had been in any way to blame—then 1 might have listened to you believingly ; but even then—even were there no life, no death, standing between us | —even if he stood a free man in pre-=3 sence of God, ready to make me his y wife, I—I could not—consent!”
Her chip sank upon her chest, and
CHAPTER XXII.— (Cont’d). » had	done	it himself. We have the	tears trickled from beneath her clos-
She was asleep almost before he had	testimony	of an eye-witness Then we	ed lids. Her fingers were clinched
left the room, and he stood at the door	«»	Prov?	^amst him, for it was he	over each other her face pale a.
for a moment, listening to her regular	fired	the Hunraven mansion, and	ashes. Doctor Paxton loaned toward
(hTthv1 !lo>r1 softly1 "llT stood'by ^ the other time. Your father is still de- “Why?” he questioned.	A sturdy little man of 66, blonde,
window a moment, looking down into tained but will go absolutely free She did not reply for a long time, with grey eyes. The nose is promt-the street then sighed heavily.	| when hls trial come8- Ile 13 H ch«ng- When she did lift her head at last, she nent; moustaches half conceal the
“Heigh-ho!” he muttered. I won- ed r,!}an’	h »»	turned ami placed her hand upon his mouth, where lurks the suggestion of
ESiS üiiÉHs
for the consequences might be—I* believe if you had died it would have could be more true and tried; old may be discerned a nature which
dare not think what!”	I killed him. There is no suffering friend, you will let me tell you the breaks out sometimes, fiery and in- since the war broke out, we have
He did not return at the end of an ^k ® [hat induced by self-censure, truth the tiuth that I have scarcely dined to prompt action—the sort of jU8^ begun to understand how impor-
wm^	wmrn mmm
••Mnrh stromrerf" he exclaimed “He would be glad to hear that you bly natural 1 He was the first person (‘,(>uat	Cadorna, commande.r in an(j although the German system is
with <*tiafartinn is he felt her nuise bad forgiven him, too, Ailsa.”	| who ever spoke kindly to me since chief of the Italian armies.	believed to be the most highly organ-
“You've got a splendid constitution I “Forgive him? I do not blame him I have been old enough to appreciate Gadorna’s entire life has been nur- jzed anj efficient of them all, there Ailsa You’re coming around in great r~n?w\ But—what of the others? Of kindness. He was the first person tured on things military. He was haa been many a clever bit of secret shape ”	Leslie Dunraven and— »	who had loved me since my mother born in Piedmont, the most martial work (lone by tbe agl,ntg 0f England,
“Have you forgotten your pro-j Doctor Paxton turned away for a died. I had been accustomed to and least dreamy of the Italian Pro- France and Ruseia. Sir Robert
sr"-- “,in‘hi*M—h” i cr&rJ&TSB <r^: ™. T, j ; rxs	:
the’hed and mentixiie himself where his “I will tell you that to-morrow,” he in return. He brought into my life ciu,rs. His father, Raffaele ( adorna, them In his book, “My Adventures Angers could rest* upon her pulse' said? ffvntly. “You have heard enough all the beauty of which my father had, was a general and in 1870 led the aa a Spy.” This is the story of his whfle he talked «N™ suppose vou ‘ for one day.”	| robbed it, and in the intensity of my troops that took Rome from the
let me tell vou what vou want to	“N°. no! I must hear	it	now !	gratitude,	1 thought I loved him — I	Popes and destroyed	their	temporal
know without your troubling to ques-	NowV’ she cried. vxcMIy.	“I	can	thought I	worshipped him. Can’t you	J power.
tion me? In the first place, you are	bear it! Indeed 1 can!	understand the wild exuberance of an	At the age of 10	he entered the
in my own private sanitarium, where I	There is nothing to tell,	he	an-	impulsive	nature acknowledging the	military preparatory school	at Milan,
quite a long time, ami are recovering	Muriel. They are	at the house	of	a	man who had ever touched my hand	_
as fast as a well-disposed person	^ of her fathers.	with a thought of love in his heart,	fj
should do. You have been as patient! . ‘ A»J Kthel ? Is it true, then- He was a hero-a god to me I knew I as one with your ailment could be,	»^ut her-death ?	no more of life and the world, so far	I
and are now out of danger, if you arc	, “'«»• Her body could	not be	found,	as love an* marriage are concerned	I
obedient to the	commands	of your	but her wrap,	her	handkerchief,	ban a	child five years old	would	II
physician”	gloves and—and	other	things	were	know.	If he had demanded	that I	I
’’Yes. l know.	But never mind my-	^und.”	give	up	my life for him, I would have	h
self. Tell me of	the others.	Where	n 7he ,le,t er?	Yes,	I	know.	Miss	done	it gladly-gladly!	But-I
|8_»	! Ogden told me. Doctor, you would know—now that it was not love. I
“That devil’s emissary, Nathan not be>>*ve ™ °n«> when I spoke to know-now!”
imonson? In jaH, as he deserves. yuu of her terrible power over Mrs. Her hands were clasped again, i« tri» 1 hs« not come off vet but thev Dunraven, but now that it has been trembling between her knees. Her have aH the information against him Proven concerning Nathan Simonson face turned away, distorted with suf-hat thev want—enough to put him and m.v father, you will be convinced, fering; but he saw. He put his arm behind prison bars for life, if not to She learned her infamous power from about her shoulder, and leaned toward L _ him’’	him. A ou would nof believe, hut—	her, his lips almost touching her ear
“Hang him?”	“Hut I know—now,” he interrupt- as he spoke.
Your father accused him of huskily.	“Ailsa,” he whispered “it is that
a crime, you know--or perhaps you ! “You know!” she exclaimed, striv- 5ro1J,”"i?#ve anotber. Who is that don’t, either. But when he went to ing after calmness, because she real- other •	.	, A ^	.
the police station to fetch an officer ized how necessary it was. “For bhe «rose hurriedly and tottered to to rescue you from the power of that Heaven's sake, tell me the truth! I the end of the room, then came back fiend, he said that he had committed can hear it a thousand times more a™' ?tood Wlth ber fingers clutching murder, and that he wished to be ar-1 easily than suspense. What has she bis shoulder spasmodically, rested. It has been discovered that done now?”	“Why should I hesitate to tell you?”
that cursed villain used his infernal “Nothing as yet, but she is about she cried, her chin trembling under power over your father to make him to complete the infernal scheme she the tremendous repression she was believed he had committed that crime, began; she is about to accomplish her putting upon her emotion. “Why when in reality Nathan Simonson j devilish purpose. She is going to should you not know all my weakness,
marry Leslie Dunraven!”	you who have been so faithful a
Ailsa did not speak, did not ex- Wend? Can't you guess? Must 1 claim, did not murmur. She lay there, tell you . It is—that other to whom ke was graduated two years later
mmm
to make haste and get well to help me. she sank down uP°n hcr knee$b her	he attended courses at the
No one can do it but you. There is no face hidden against his lap, and sob- acuola di Guerra, a sort of graduate other help, and unless you do, he is l*d- He put his arm about her, look- institute for officers, lost forever! I really believe that in inK down uPon her gently, his kind old The boy was intelligent, b it wilful his heart he loathes her, and yet that ^ace feuded with sympathy and ten- and mischievous. The young man odious	holds	a
power stronger than life or death.
You will get well and help me, cd Ailsa?”
Woman Against Woman
or A Terrible Accusation.
T
(To be continued.)
B23
THE ITALIAN ARMY CHIEF
is electrically weighed, hermetically sealed and dispatched to your table fresh with all the fragrant odors of the
Sunny Isle. Sample from Salada, Toronto.
General Cadorna Han Studied War fare for Over Half a Century.
SPYING AN ENEMY’S COUNTRY
power house, proceeded to examine a shed close by. %One man went into it, while the other, by accident or design, stood it the foot of the ladder by which I had come; so I climbed down the shorter ladder to the lower story, and from there I quickly swarmed down a scaffolding pole and landed safely on the ground. Here I was out of sight of the man guarding the lad-v der, and taking care to keep the cor* ner of the building between us, t made my way out of the gate without being seen.
The German System the Most Highly
Organized.
A FRIEND TO THE FARMER
They Will Learn, Perhaps, When Too Late, To Protect the Skunk.
Those who know best say that farmer and gardeners should protect mission to get information about a skunks instead of killing them, new power house and a drydock in an “Years ag0 we adviged farmere and
unnamed foreign country:	gardeners to protect skunks,” says a
It was early morning, and several I writer in the New York Sun, who goes carts were waiting to come in. No- on quote a western Pennsylvania ticing that the policeman at the gate newspaper:
was talking to the driver of the first " The skunks will have to be prowagon, I jumped alongside the second | tected, or the farmer may ae well wagon, on the side opposite the po- j throw up his hands. The ground mice liceman, and so passed inside the wall, girdled thousands of dollars’ worth of and continued to walk with the vehi- trees under the snow while it was on cle as it wound its way round the the ground last winter. We saw new building. I then noticed another many locust trees, large enough for policeman ahead of me, and employed pogt!lt with the bark uk,„ off c,ean
the same tactics to avoid him. L n- for a foot above the ground. When fortunately as I rounded the corner skunks were pitiful, hereabouts, of the building, the first policeman mice were scarce, but now there Is not spied me, but I walked on as uncon- | an acre of ffround Hanover town-cerne,ily as I could until I had put , ahip without bushels of mice. Leave the corner of the new building be- j a p;|a 0f corn out overnight, and it
tween him and me Then I fairly has ^appeared by morning; leave a hooked it along the back of the build- „Uck of hay out over wint and „
mg ami rounded the far corner of it. |, sure to be cut too fine for a hen’s As I did so, I noticed that the po- | nest.’ liceman was coming full-speed, and


g
c

>

“Yes
that he had called the other police- haps when it is too late," observes the man to his aid. I darted round the Sun writer, “to know their friends next corner, out of sight of both, and among the beasts and birds. If there was halfway up a ladder at that ride j„ the slightest doubt, give the ani-
of the building when round the next mal the benefit of the doubt, and let corner came one of the policemen. I | them live.” at once “froze,” keeping absolutely immovable. He drew nearer to the ladder, passing almost under me, and looked in at the doorways of the unfinished building. Then he doubtfully
*
Storks are partial to kittens article of food.
Parsees lay their dead on da kha-turned and looked back at a shed be- maa> or “towers of silence,” where the hind him, and finally ran on round vultures clean the bones, which in a the next corner of the power house, month are removed and deposited in The moment he disappeared, I had dl3eP wells containing the dust of finished the rest of my run up the many generations, ladder, and reached the platform of the scaffolding. My first act was to look for a line of escape in case of
! sssss ggsjss
KSSKSSS
reflected in her heart that no power on my soul than if I had slain her xlewa;	which I could	¦
could ever efface—the image of a man with my own hand. I robbed her of Cadorna received his captaincy in	„.uinn .	. wir	•	y .. sle
whose name she had not even uttered, all that was left to her In life, and. 1876, and was attached to the staff.	,pp ' L1	. my	Pr,smaUc compass,
whose name she could not utter, and I had not even the excuse of love in Eight years later he became major in	an< quickly	* .	the	b®ar*ngs of two
yet she was longing with all her soul the doing of it There was not even the 62nd Infantry. Here he effected	f®J)apicuaua	P°lnts on	the neighborihg
to hear it spoken, longing to hear in it the extenuating circumstances of a revolution Without nv«r	hllIs* and fixed the position so that it
”*n
now, save insofar as her undying voice of a heart unused to speaking.,	d new 8trategical con- Meanwhile my pursuers, satisfied
gratitude was concerned? It was of j It may have been flattered vanity to cepuon8‘	. .	that I was not in th* int*rin, .f
him she thought—Lloyd Ogden—him which I was listening. Who knows?	k°n with Hag.
whose fate she prayed to learn.	“I do!” answered Paxton. “You are It was his first opportunity for try-
Where was he ?	too hard upon yourself. I will not ing out what he had learned from
She longed with all her soul to listen. I acknowledge that it is all study of wars, and though his colo-know, yet could not bring her lips to piteous deplorable, but I can not hear „el, a soldier of the old school grum-
% tr-s
you. Lloyd must be brought back ! ” l v*0™ e /\r8t the younger officers
flocked to him.
In 1886 he was recalled to the staff of the 6th Army Corps. In 1892 he
General L. Cadorna
as an

£
“You mean—Lloyd?” he question-
rw
“Yes,” she moaned. “What will

is
LA
I
mm

PRESIDENT
SUSPENDER
NONE SO EASY
MAI
Home
Jam-Makers
This hint may
Save your Jam !	' HAPTER XXXIII.	“Where i> he, Doctor?” she asked,
No matter how	A few day* afterward, when she lifting her white, tear-stained face to
berries nor how thorimrhiv^hl wa9 better and Wronger, Ailsa learn- his.
jam is cooked, nor howdean	edolhe truth„	,	.	_	, “1 d<m’t know exactly,” he returned	received the rank of colonel, and was
the jars are, preserves are	She,wt* 8lttJng UP	foL	thc	,?rat	,n troubled hesitation. “The only ad-	placed in command of a regiment of
sees; essêfh mMmm
“You must recall Leslie Dunraven,” dress to no one.”	mander of the Army Corps of Genoa,
he said to her, in that sudden way “He left alone?”	Count Cadorna married In 1881
profit by the experience of which was one of hie characteristics. "No. In company with his valet Marchioness Bmlb|. He has four chil-othere and insist on being	He loves you. You know	that,	and	He was in no condition to travel, i**» * eon and three daughters. Two
supplied with	you must recall him ”	Heaven knows what happened to him	°f the latter have entered monastic
She shivered slightly, and did not after he left here.”	life, the third is a writer of prose
fettasÿ"which h; 'ff ÆStiSySsiBs	,niï
RecaH him . she murmured, dully. Paxton would have understood from
for m.n, year,. give-	£ =: :%
satisfaction.	you spoke to him and that you are He psesed hi. hand over her hair Unit t..u ever MM »«, cent	U become hi. wife!"	derly. soothingly.
7"r 1fe2sS»c,,3HT-FF* F
m„	| a*Mure sbeoiut# * can t! she gasped.	He is still alive”	Kaiser is not given a place in the
-miTiSe&BS	' ZL*
r,^	Ltrrirrtsryss?
/ “Oh, huih! Don't you know that	he, f.ce, .till whiu with No otter being forthcoming, he
future possibility? Don’t you know ftafwïï* .M I M £ 1% the picture for the Chamber of Hor-**¦**{• eyesw^d turn to hers? flret! Suppose his love had been all ™>rs. The answer was, “Very sorry, ^^^MrTeat her dead-hand would he etc ma: ly a mistake, as well as raine? Suppose, but we have had to decline five other upon my heavy heart (ant you see after a||# fe ,*** but the result ofsyS- similar offers.” Some one suggested
t»kLf2 *h°Uh gn>W to de"p,fle each pathy? You know men have asked the other day that Madame Tussaud'e
h	---- êV^‘	---------------- 1 real reason for refusing was that, as
the wax figure# and portraits of the criminals exhibited were classified.
Be Sure**^; the Grocer Sends
S3

e #
e •
# #
• s
##
a
Home Jam makers should
« e
EXTRA
GRANULATED
SUGAR
jLaw'i&rt&c*,
with the fruit you order lor preserving.
Tell him, too, that you want it in the Packages originated for ^gggüf Sugar — 2 or 5 lb. Sealed Cartons or 10,20, 50 or 100 lb. Cloth Bags.
Then you will be sure to get
the GENUINE REDPATH- A
Canada's favorite	I
sugar for three

• e
• •
bravely in the Libyan war and is fighting under the Italian flag to-day.
which has always, and
m
Barring the Kaiser
A

Buy In refinery „ •void mistakes end
A
•P

you can safely trust good
4
fruit
CANADA SUGAR RirilfWG CO.,
after all, it was but the result o
r-—, • You know men have
°~ÎT .	. „ .	.	women to be their wives, urged by
"No* *«•¦ *•*• «nswered, ran- their loneliness and isolation from all didly. “And I
it all.
be spoiled
only in it a morbid th, world. Suppose that should be
5 1 °	her Uc* and	b-d

/
for

###PAGE###3###
ONE POUND LIFE PRESERVER.
To Be Sure About It.
“George,” said the beautiful girl as she nestled close to him, “the last time you called you proposed.” “I did, sweet one.” “And I accepted you.” “You did, love.” “I presume, George,” she went on In her most fascinating manner, “that you look upon me merely as a foolish, thoughtless giri, but—buwmam you think so, pet?” he interrupted. “But,” she went on in a business-like way, “I have something of the business instinct of the new woman in me, and—and—I shall have to ask you to repeat the proposal again to-night. The last time you called it was Sunday, and contracts made on that day, I learn, are not legally binding.”
MR. BONHAM CARTER.
BUMMER HEAT
USIT
I
I
HARD ON BABY
Will Keep Afloat a Person of Average
- Weight
Violet Asquith’s Fiance Is Not a
Man of Title.
<
A
No season of the year is so dangerous to the life of little ones as is the The engagement of Miss Violet As-summer. The excessive heat throws quith, eldest daughter of the British the little stomach out of order so Prime Minister, to her father’s pri-quickly that unless prompt aid is at vate secretary, Maurice Bonham Car-hand the baby may be beyond all ter, will raise hopes in the breasts of human help before the mother realizes London dressmakers and the caterers He is ill. Summer is the season when that there will be a big wedding to iiarrohoea, cholera infantum, dysen- produce something to remind them of try and colic are most prevalent. Any the glories of other summer seasons »ne of these troubles may prove dead- Miss Asquith, whose own mother ly if not promptly treated. During the summer the mothers best friend Is Baby’s Own Tablets. They regu-ate the bowels, sweeten the stomach ind keep baby healthy. The Tablets ire sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 25 cents a»box from The Dr.
Williams’ Medicine Co., Brockville,
Ont.
Fear of the deadly submarine, which seems destined to continue to play its part in a long series of sea disasters, has led steamship officials to provide every possible safety device for their patrons.
On many of the great liners still in service a new life preserver has been installed. This is called a kapok vest, the name being derived from its material.
à
Advancing Years Need Not Bring Wrinkles.
n#
(
(
1
” “How can
f
Why should any man or woman suffer from a wrinkled skin? The first sign of a wrinkle Is V sure Indication that the skin Is not re^*X

CT
Ing sufficient nourishment. and It Is time to apply "U81T."
HiltU the discovery of the powers of certainr Oriental Oils, as revealed to a Kapok is a silky, flosslike fibre from Canadian traveller by an Arab, people
Jav.ofextraordlnary buoyancy .On*	ÎSJTîS^'ïîïJp Vo?
pound of this Singular stuff Will keep wrinkles for any man or woman who
afloat and well out of water a peraon	chM«r U"‘ “ “ ekln
of average weight.	The preparation, which Is obtainable
The cork life preservers now in gen-	*P°£. Afu5elf^back ,h/>
eral use are not only cumbersome but eradicate every' wrinkle. ‘ ‘Pe and wlU
difficult of adjustment in a moment of ]lTe,t Manfg. Co., limited. 476 Ronces
valles Avenue. Toronto.




died when she was a little girl, is quiet and retiring by nature, possessing a great deal of the solidarity and dignity of character which mark her father. Her fiance, Mr. Bonham-Car-ter, comes of an excellent family, established in the north of England for some generations, and related to that of Miss Florence Nightingale. A great deal of her wealth was bequeathed to the Bo nh am - Carters, Mr. Henry Bonham-Carter, her cousin, having managed her business for

>b



CONTAINS
*
NO
A travelling man may be a tourist or a tramp. The distinction is a matter of money.
55
ALU M
AIMS NO A
*
panic. Those who are forced to go to sea are urged to use them, however, in addition to the new kapok vest. It is generally understood that the cork jacket will be soon a relic of the past, however, as the new device is now recognized as the better life preserver.
Applied In
Corns
¦ Gore, blistering feet
Xy U 1*60	n^anC 01be^ oured	When a Chinaman desires to marry,
III by Putnam’s I*- his parents intimate that fact to thu ÜUICK tractor In 24 hours, professional “match-maker,” who ^	“Putnam's” soothes thereupon runs through the list of her
away that drawing pain, eases instant* visiting acquaintances, and selects hr, makes the feet feel good at ones. one whom she considers a fitting bride del a 26c. bottle oi ‘ Putnam1# today. for the young man.
A SPLENDID RECORD.
trial of certain poachers on her estates.
5 Seconds
I f looking pc:: a fa an. consult
M. »e. I hare over Two Hundred on ml !Jot. located in the beet sections of On-trio. AH stem* If W Daweon. Hrarapton.
Most people know that the Canadian Pacific Railway traverses over eleven thousand miles of country in Canada, encounters even tropical and iretie weathers; cuts its way through the rugged and difficult country along the shores of Lake Superior; crosses the endless prairies of the west; and finally runs through the glories of the Canadian Rockies where the road in some places has been hewn out of the mountain sides under towering peaks; through great canyons; and in other places tunnels and piral rails have to be negotiated, all necessitating care in operation. But in spite of all these difficulties the Canadian Pacific has not killed a single passenger in a train accident during the past two years, which is a record Canada can place against the recent boast of the Pennsylvania Railroad not having killed a passenger in three years. Especially so when it is considered that the latter road has not the same climate conditions to face and the easy country through which it traverses.
many years.
The Prime Minister’s new son-inlaw does not belong to the aristocracy, and therefore can hardly„ be
w
o
T> ROFIT-MAKINO NEVVH AND JOB A Offices for sale In good Ontario towrw. The moat useful and Interesting of all businesses. Full Information on application to Wilson Publishing Company. 71 West Adelaide 8t. Toronto.
Wonderful for the Blood!
*
MISCELLANEOUS
Female Magistrates.
The female magistrates just appointed in South Australia are being described as the first in the British Empire. Women justices, however, were not unknown in England centuries ago. The Countess of Richmond, mother of Henry VII., was a magistrate, and tried many important cases, whilst in Queen Mary’s reign a Lady Barlet sat on the bench in Gloucestershire. Perhaps the most remarkable case of the kind was that of Lady Berkeley, who was given a special commission by Henry VIII. to act as judge in her own cause in the
Cures Sallow Skin, Headache, Languor and Tiredness
You don’t need to be told how you feel,—blue, sort of sickish, poor ap-tite, vague pains, tired in the morn-This condition is common at
C
ANCBR. TUMORS. LUMPS. BTG, Internal ant external, cured without pain by our dome treatment Write oa before too late. Dr. UellmaL Medical Co.. Limited. Colllngwood. Oct
PILES.
You will find relief In Zam Buk I It eases the burning, stinging pain, stops bleeding and bring» ease. Perseverance, with Zam-Buk, means cure. Why not prove
thjs 7 AU Vniÿçintê and titerefc—
e
this season.
Fortunately there is prompt relief in Dr. Hamilton’s Pills which immediately relieve the system of all poisons and disease-producing matter.
Thousands have been so utterly depressed, so worn out as to be despondent, but Dr. Hamilton’s Pills always cured them. “I can speak feelingly on,the power of Dr. Hamilton’s Pills,” writes C. T. Fearman, of Kingston. “Last spring my blood was thin and weak, I was terribly run down, had awful headaches and a gnawing, empty feeling about my
stomach, I couldn’t sleep or work un-	734 Yonge at., Toronto
til I used Dr. Hamilton’s Pills,—they A High Orade School. Hone Better In
Canada. Write for Mew College

sel-
a mB u K
Fall Term Open» September let.
LLIOTT

Under the control of the Department of Agriculture of Ontario Affiliated with the University of Toronto.
110 University Ave., TORONTO, ONT., CAN.
College Reopens Friday, October 1st, 1915. Write Dept. D for Calendar E. A. A. Grange, V.8., M S., Principal.
g
ONTARIO
VETERINARY
COLLEGE
Established 1862
DE WET’S TRIBUTE TO FRENCH
Many tributes were paid to Sir John French for his brilliant work during the South African war, but could he ever be induced to confess as much, he would doubtless admit that that which pleased him most was the praise bestowed upon him by the Boers. It has been recorded that when towns or railway stations were raptured our men would find allusions to French chalked on the wall. Thus: 4We are not fighting the English— hoy don’t count; we are only fighting he ‘French
Quite early in the campaign this Inscription was found on the walls of i Boer farmhouse: “Why are we x>und to win ? Because .although we lave only 90,000 burghers, that means *0,000 generals. But the English, though they have 200,000 soldiers, have only one general—and he is French.” That was in the days before Roberts and Kitchener were on the scene.
But the Boers were not alone in their appreciation of French. One of the authorities of the German general staff wrote to him: “His (French’s) name was one of the most dreaded by the enemy,” and “he impressed his personality on the troops ’
The Boers were, indeed, according to Mr. Cecil Chisholm, M A , in his àuthentic biography of Sir John French (Jenkins), the first to admit lis superiority to the other English ifficers if not to themselves. De Wet was once asked in the early stages of the war how long he expected to ivoid capture. He replied, with a smile, that it all depended on which general was dispatched to run him lown. When a certain name was mentioned, the reply was, “Till eter-tty.” ' Omni tinned. “About two years,” was the
"Two weeks” admitted De Wet
did me a world of good.” At all dealers in 26c. boxes.
Mia Violet Aequith
Donald Drew Himself Up
Highest Cash
A gentleman having an estate in . the Highlands, as he was going ! I^flCCS raid iOF abroad for some time, advertised his shootings to let, and told his gamekeeper, Donald, who was to show the ground, to give it a good character to anyone who called to see it. An Englishman came down, and, inquiring of Donald as to how it was stocked with game, first asked if it had any
¦¦^¦y*Pl‘Th oo-
“Any grouse?”
acceptable to Mrs. Asquith, whose connections are highly aristocratic. He is, however, as private secretary to the Prime Minister, in excellent training for future distinction.
Miss Asquith remained so long inconsolable after the death of her first fiance, Lord Archibald Gordon, a younger son of the Earl of Aberdeen, who was killed in an accident in Ireland six years ago, and she continued her close intimacy with the Aberdeen family to such an extent, that it was taken for granted she would never marry. She has recently been in Cairo nursing her third brother, Lieut. ‘ Arthur Asquith, who was wounded in the leg during the operations at the Dardanelles. Her second brother, Lord Herbert Asquith, is home on leave from the Dardanelles, having been struck in the face by a fragment of a shell.
GINSENG


t i
1 ..
i
to
W f
?
Wc arc the largest buyers of Ginseng in America and have the greatest demand for it. We can therefore pay you the highest cash prices. If you have any wild or cultivated Ginseng, write for our latest price list, or ship what you have and we will submit you our highest offer.
David Blustein & Bro.
162 W. 27 th SL, New York, UjJL


^§54 MMMHMHS 1
9 99
deer. Donald's reply sands of them.”
“Thoosands of them, too.” “Any partridges?” “Thoosands of them, too.” “Any woodcock?” “Thoosands of them, too.” The Englishman, thinking Donald was drawing the long bow, asked if there were any gorillas. Donald drew himself up. “Well, they are no' plentifu'; they jist come occasionally, noo and again, like yoursel'l”
$55=
"Overatern " V Bottom Motor Boat
Freight Prepaid to ut Railway Station in Ontario. Length 16 Ft., Beam 8 Ft. 8 In., Depth 1 Ft. 6 In. ANY MÙTOB Fit8.
Specification No. 2B giving engine prices on request Get our quotations Oft'-’-Tbe Penetang Une” Commercial and Pleaaure Launches, Row
boats and Canoes.
THE GIDLEY BOAT CO, LIMITED, PENETANG, CAN.
r

r

5
!
Tea Coming Into Great Favor.
Not in the memory of the oldest tea planter has the price of tea reached before the present figure in Colombo. There seems to be a widespread movement in favor of tea throughout the world, and the supply is insufficient to cope with the increased demand. Until the law of supply and demand adjusts itself higher prices for tea must be expected.
é
A Treat for Ma.
“Yes, we girls are going to camp out.”
“You'll find cooking very irksome.” “Oh; we are going to take mother along to cook. She needs a vacation.”
+
THE BEARD
Many and Curious Are the Styles In
Whiskers.

There is a sort of an unwritten law, often broken, that army men shall wear a moustache, naval men to be clean shaven, but, of course, in the navy especially, there are many exceptions to this rule. The Worcestershire militia claims to have been .he first English
moustache, Tn 1798, and to have borrowed the idea from the Austrian service. .	*
Lachute, Que., 25th Sept., 1908. Minard's Liniment Co., Limited.
Telling Anexdotes.	. Gentlemen, — Ever since coming
One girl told a humorous story, Ciments; also doctored continuous-which was received with great appre- ,y for tbe blood, but got no perman-ciation. When the laughter had ent reliefv till last winter when my ceased her rival said—“My goodness! mother got me to try MINARD’S That story is at least thirty years LINIMENT. The effect of which old!” The other one smiled sweetly, was almost magical. Two bottles “What a memory you have, dear!” she completely cured me and I have work-wid. "Fancy remembering that lit- ed every working day amce.
tie story ever since you heard it the	° JOHN WALSH.
fà

\
@
regiment to adopt the

was next men-
Among the Turks, Arabs, and Per-
44And General French?” sians the removal of the beard was,
and is to-day, to a great extent, ' regarded as a severe punishment and degradation. Moslems, who swear by the beard of the Prophet and their own, carry combs about with them to dress the beard. They perform this operation immediately after prr~ers, remaining on their knees the wi.de. The hairs that fall out are carefully preserved for entombment with their
“When our baby was about eleven owner when he <h« s; he him elf !>»¦ months old he began to grow thin and quently depositing them in his dee-pale. This was attributed to the heat tined tomb. It is customary among end the fact that his teeth were com- the Turks, too, to anoint their beards Ing, but, in reality, the poor little with perfume, and to smoke them thing was starving, his mother’s milk with ineonfli. -	a |
not being sufficient nourishment.	Persian kings used to have their
“One day after he had cried bitterly beards interwoven with gold thread ; for an hour, I suggested that my wife the Egyptians only grew beards as a try him on Grape-Nuts. She soaked sign of mourning, but sometimes two teaspoonfuls in half a cup of wore false beards of plaited hair, warm water for 5 or 6 minutes, then which varied in sise and length ac poured off the liquid and to it added cording to rank. Peter the Great a like amount of rich milk and a little compelled shaving in Russia, and had sugar. Thia baby ate ravenously. the beards of all whom he found wear-“It was not many days before he ing them plucked out by the root or forgot all about being nursed, and shaved with a blunt razor, has since lived almost exclusively on In Greece the beard was universally Grape-Nuts. To-day the boy is worn until the time of Alexander the strong and robust, and as cute a mis- Great, who ordered shaving so that
the beards of his soldiers should not be laid hold of by their e battle.
In Rome the first day of sharing was regarded by the Romans as the entrance into manhood, and jt was celebrated with great festivities.
I
first time!”
MISCHIEF MAKER
Playing the Game.
Wife (angrily, to tipsy husband)— “I’ll talk to you in the morning.”
Husband—44Goo’ lil’ sport. Then I’ll (hie) be able to talk, too.”
1
Now Strong and Robust
An adult’s food that can save a baby proves itself to be nourishing sily digested and good for big ind little folks. An Eastern man
A Benevolent Old Gentleman.
The usual crowd of small boys was gathered about the entrance of the | jgjg tent in a town. A benevolent-looking old gentleman standing nearby watched them for a few minutes with a beaming eye Then, walking
up to the ticket-taker, h* said, with A **rvant was telling her mistress an air of authority, “Count all those ^ other day of the boasting indulged boys as they pass. The doorkeeper, jn . the **rvant next door about her thinking that the benevolent-looking i young man |n khaki. "% can’t under old gentleman was indulging in a | gtAnd how ke’s got on so fast,” she bit of philanthropy, did as requested. reraarked. “He’s only been in the When the last lad had gone in he turn- mrnly a few months, yet she told me ed and announced, “Twenty-four, sir.” in November that he was a corporal ; “Good!” said the benevolent-looking week *he said he’d been made a old gentleman, as he walked away. ‘‘I gergeant, and now she says he’s to be thought I guessed right”	a court-martial!”
irid
circus
»ayi
Toronto’s most popular sumMER DISSIPATION IS CITY DAIRY ICE
CREAM—the demind has spread from year to year until it is now on sale in nearly every town in Ontario. There seems to be something about the climate of Canada that makes it the confection that everybody craves wea’her—infants, invalids, children or grownups. it makes no difference what your state or station. City Dairy Ice Cream is ing. nourishing and digestible.
About Her Young Man.

in warm
Highland plaids were originally worn by the Gauls.

Disappointed With Hie Dinner.
A man who warn something of a gourmet ordered a dinner for himself and his party which, from the menu, should have been very palatable, but apparently it was not so. Course succeeded course, and toward the end of the meal the host could restrain himself no longer. He called up the waiter and expostulated :—“l ordered a good dinner, and we have waited patiently for some satisfactory dish. The soup was a failure, the fish was a disappointment, the entree uneatable, and I am sorry to tell you that during the whole dinner there has been nothing worth looking at. The waiter looked troubled for an instant and then brightening up said :	If
waft a moment, air, I will hr mg
ost refresh-
H
VA M
WDODDS ?
fKIDNEY"
is ï s
\4,	A n r t C 3
chief-maker as a thirteen-months’-old baby is expected to be.
“Use this letter any way you wish, for my wife and I can never praise Grape-Nuts enough after the brightness it has broughtour household.”
Grape-Nuts la not made for a baby food, but experience with thousands of babies shows it to be among the
ies in

Inalnxtlng mhmp*
*
Ta
$
/ P
t
à
for
the Sign.

m
It isn’t what you say, but how you soy it, that makes a woman either your friend or your “Oh, will he bite?” exclaimed one
À

in
best, if not entirely the R. • g a scientific preparation
iWe’s graine,gp**P*HH
a body and brain builder for grownups. “There’s a Reason.”
Name given by Canadian Poetum Co., Windsor, Out „
it is eqiis I y effective as

¥
TORONTO.
N
of our sweetest girls, with a look of
alarm, when she saw one of the dancing bears on the street, the other day. I “No, but he can hug.” “Oh," she said with a distracting smile, “I don’t
t
’ll.
ISSUE
ED f.
5.5=
fell of
«
»
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
London, Aug. 2S. The Petrogmd ire.H|h»mlout of tin* Time* <|tioti ‘livrai l’olivanoff, Russian minister « war. as follows :
“Wv are confident of our ability t Hftfegit ii.l IVtn id. ( >m stand winter without Everything is ready fof that |mr|
“ A new force of aMXMUXM) men will It* trained far behind the fighting line ami will lie ready to take the field in the spring, (ieneral Rnzsky i mander - in chief of the IVtrograd front with several armies at his imnasliate disposal.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
I'I Hl.lV NOTH K i.s hereby gixen that the umtermentiuned LAN Î>S ami f I KNEMENTS have l*een >vi/v«l. ami n* -,*M at the rv*|>evtive time ami
mentioned 1k‘1ow.
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
(
will 1
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 2. 1915.
l'la
u mies can inconvenience. » i-e.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop.
Ami other (lime during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned any violation of the (tame Law you become aware of. Liberal compensation
paid for c mvicting ©vide» ce resjiondence strict y private and conti dental.
FIERI FACIAS DE TERRIS.
\
r lîordcti ai id Sir Sam Hughes c\|meted to reach ( )ttuwa hy the end i present week. No reception to piime minister is being planned b\ l.e ( : ivernmvnt in accordance with Sir îol» r s u\vn wish. Conservatives both t Montreal and Ottawa, it is expected,
•me celebration in honor of return. Interest in political in the probability of unlit ivnl «h vvlopments following
com,
gainst the taking of any step in view of the " -till to Ik* transacted tli the war, the general
I
mpkrior Cor RT
lYoximv of ia>uc1hv, | District of Montival No. «41.
r h E a 1; a
. H A M M A H
I CHA X l)
OKNCV. LIMITED, Mai,.tiffs ;
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
XII CO I
X
m
\ >
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
1
NARCISSE VA Y A, lWemlwit
The lot N
-1» avtx
in tlii' county
N . McCUAIC
n
Prov G ft me Warden
n taming al> »u uul • 10 situâtixl in rung I township of Duhamel, in tin •1 Tennscuining, the lot muuRe I I. containing about 41 acres ami M2 11w situated in range I, township of l>nha mel, ill- lot j_
acres and T" 100 in snjmrtii
1, townahii
nul designated under the and range <
“ It i> my settled purpose to d tiling in iny power t witli the I>imm and puhli ( relierai Polivanotî pondent, characterized tin that that the all Russia t«* tin- ut tu
"selt-eless %
every work in harmonx
1
x
Bryson, January 1018
!
pinion.
says the conc-suggest i< m xxere tmt helping t of their power as
eut i

1
PUBLIC NOTICE
M
I'he vital
Si, I
i ct tin
containing about s;i
vs, situated I Duhamel, icxx
Custom Sawing.
Province of Quelle,
Mint ici | ml it y of Clarendon.
Publie notice is hereby gix* n by K. I
Il
4
in range known ; numbers urnrtling t" tin
London, Aug. l>s. The Daily New in an editorial today hazards the siigge* tion that tin steamship A sunk
sain
f the township, H wlgina, the undersigned S
tlieial plan and 1.k “I the Municipality of the Town-
f the eadastix' of the town Clarendon, that the Collection I
the ,1 Municipality of Clarcm in now made and completed for the c
ind also the ( ollectio! of the said Municipality lor the c t year. 1 i>Ito pay interest and si fund of the Railway Bonus. Rut lection Rolls are now drpo> Sheriff, office of the undersigned.
whose names appear tlierei for the payment of any a>st-re by iv<i aired to pay tl it of to me, the ttmlersig ice, within the twenty day • date hereof, without furtl /U at Shaw vilh this 1 t. nineteen hundred am
I
hi)

trine wliivh sunk the as itself since I men therefore ( ierniany -	...
t the under j., nmiaiulvi lavotuc# et un
lucratively easy. The paper continues ; I.’,., j m,' ' If it is true that (iermany is pvv j.()j j, 1 to abamlon or suspend her at- I 1 tacks the l ailed States has won a ct 1‘rtble diplomatic xtetory. There the slightest reason to MipjKW tl Non Beth ma nu Hollweg (Derm
tionetl t
1 .1
r
1
I
SRAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
I

I
t the registry offi
t Ville Marie, tn the countv voir, It* 1
tin TWKXTN
«•t m:itkmbi:k, mi
;
disavowal i»f the aeti water boat
1
I
>
\

»
Uternoou. UKliXAlMU. SLOAN

I have on hand the finest
stock of Marble and Granite Monu-
Jl
Ml
< Ml

I
17th August, 1H1 1.1 idled, L’l-t All.
i
I
The I
lit
I
t. I
I
mente ever placed before the public Prices are such that it will be to intending
l

I
1 Chancellor)
,i.
ONTARIO LEADS
i
of this district,
purchasers' interest to consult me before placing their order
Nothing too large—nothing too small.
the Arabi
I
1 t

I

tl
rvl
with Ai
i


In Gold Production She Is Abend of All Other Provinces.
\
Tl
kit
\ral
\
(


lsewhen
\
«
\

In the report of the Bureau of Vines for Ontario for the year ended October 31st last the interesting fact is brought out that among the produces of Canada, Including the Yukon Territory, Ontarie to-day has the largest gold output. In cold figures it means that Ontario produced in mid last year f5,529.767; British Courn hi a, $5.177.343 ; Yukon Territory, $5,125,396. The margin of lend is small, but it Is pleasing when one recalls the celebrated Klondike rush of the late nineties.
The report itself presents a care-full;* prepared statistical review of mining development in Ontario from the /ear 1891, when the Bureau was established. In a little over twenty years the mineral output has Increased from $4.705,673 to $53,232,311 In 1913, which Is the record so jj far, while for 1914 the value of the mineral output was $46,295,959.	.
About 1901 the phenomenal growth started, when the mines produced metals to the value of $11,891,086, and in 1906 the total reached $22,388,383.
In 1891 only fifteen mineral substances were produced in the Province; to-day there are thirty-two.
While the Cobalt camp is thought to have passed its zenith (climateric is the word the metallurgists use), Porcupine has become an established camp of the low-grade type with the result in gold above noted.
According to the officials of the Department, the mining industry of Ontario seems to have stood the zv«l. ami strain of the war well. While the 1 production in 1914 fell off $6,936,352 from that of the previous year, that was largely due to the decline of the ' Cobalt camp, although a few mines actually shut down when the price of . silver fell. The total metallic pro-| I UK I III S1 auction last year was $33,345,291,
AN I* 1* n A N and non-inetalllc $12,950,291, makI VOMPANX or Ing a total of $46,295.959. Of this
amount $15,284,701 was distributed In wages to some 20,530 employes.
After a year's trial the law providing an eight-hour day for underground miners has proved satisfactory. and the Minister of Mines, Hon.
0. Howard Ferguson, looks to the future with great confidence
K. T. MOlMiIN.s,
Siv. Ti
I

FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
\
All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory
Naw Attractions at the Ottawa
Fair
THE MARKETS
i
$K AW VII LE
Up-to-Date Tailoring
Floui l
l
\
\YI


Oit*, II at 11

We bave a good assortment of


i
N pel l>Mg. «VV.
.rg" per dozen lsv.
I’m k per 100 M». 7.50 to s.( Hides pel 100 lli >.(•(• il to 73 en eh
Hides ©iivli 2.50
\
Tweeds arçd Serges
l

General Sam Hughes Knighted
I<
1 A

X
I
1



(

I
pits, tl
for you to choose from. We guarantee you a lit.
Also a good range of
Gents Furnishings Rain Coats and Semi-Ready Suits.
i

f

«
11.1>v II
\. I
ir

t
M

k


» Exhibit i< 1er which tl

>i
I

lied
ff

the 1

1 m
!..


FI

i

i
it* existen rth having ;


|
tiers
it all. no

Ird
list dav I
s
The f V. lowing .tie Inst Saturday# que itlrn :
Butter, In print* 30eto32c Butter in palls 28 to NOc Egg*, fresh, oeraozen 23 to 25c Potatoes per hug 05 to 70c.
Pork, pet 100 lh* 811.00 to 1.3.00 Beef, per 100 lbs. 310.00 to 12.50 Oats per hu*hel 05c
llnv per ton 18.00 to 21.00

tint
K’l


king viit
I \|

I
(


i

NX
II
III* u

R
lle.l
inw the xxai tin* military a fiai
i
Sheriff’s Sales
1
1

to 1
y uiitlcr eimini.stance* a I lei in it' history ; ai hleveluviits within tin berks’ time, in raising i
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
HT,UC NOTICE that the umlminiitio TENEMENTS have will he sold at the n 1 'lace mentioned below
Fieri Facias de Bonis et de Terris
1
\
1

I LANDS
n.il
ml

1

1
> i
rm\

r
g a gvtim> fur -• which few il
ion au«i rcMuiin or smv othei

si msioK Cori f Montreal
1 will

I



I
1 II
(
\ Gill.
( 'AXAI>A. Plaintiff*
that
K. V. I
militai\ title
K. ( Ml G
sir William ( >ttvr, x\ 1
- well
I'l.l • i
I'll" "i:!v . .til, I K t
w mam I-

is a
ml
tl
x
LU IIS CHAH EST. Defendant
!
That certain lot of land situated in ly im inhvv of the I the township of Kalin*, in the county of a higher rank than Temiscami ng, known and designated on i** Sir lioU‘11 Borden, the original plan and survey of the said r of the King's Privy township of Kabre, under No
od
!
the South
<

\
rh

w.ll
wl
1
Hugh
<
<>
wl

l 1110!
seven.
south of the siid township - Fabre (7-R-7-S), sa hi lut living now known on the official plan and l*H>k of reference for the township of Faliri tier the nuinlier seven, range seven south heard
LsMom'r« CHrsou'anTl JraV"'- ' ' '	Fd/wrl k (h	.. coton!!*"0^° not™ Mr. Mwîe doe™
Minutes of last meeting read and ap- • ’ ’ '	' rii i^'.J %	' rL rH- 8aX- Therein he differs from other
proved with the exception of the build- ^-‘ruf on i f Hr i>'W\!.ol*iCanadians who are friends of certain ing of a second school in No. 12district. I Vv V! IV .S- E'N.EIi, 1915 high military authorities
A petition signed by Itev. Mr. Reid at hLhX	A” Vl€* f!,rt‘,î<?in-	Mr. Moore lives in Detroit, and has
and 2"i others having bien forwarded to	L.	HERNARD	.1. SLOAN,	a home also on the Canadian side. He
the Superintendent ; also one deisisited 8	4	S1,mtf* *¦' not lle,l,ed ln HWhu!8 Who" or in
tiafes	te-ags	e&SSSBS
ssæilS #gs?as
to lie proceeded with forthwith ; the	,	at the ri*|iecti\e	time and	Frencb le	his latest exploit,
other at or near Charteri* Comer next	*';l<v tuvnti<mvd iielow'.	say he is	Sir John’s financial	man-
spring.—Carried.	FIERI FAUAS DE TERRIS, ager and that his influence with Sir
Application from John A. Hudgins,	Nrmm*	!John haj caused curiosity and con-
J oh n S. Howard and Janies Edward	*	1 1 KT*	cern In high official places. In an
H«sigins to be transferred from No. 13	Province	of	yuel.ee, |	THE	TRUST	Interview,	publkhed in Detroit	this
school to No. 18 school, to liv over till	District	of	Pontiac. !	AND	LOAN	lreJk* he	tells of German cruelties,
we li.ive a full lw«rd.	No. If. 14. j COMPANY ok lnd *,pec‘*‘‘Jr of ‘‘^Canadian oO-
t ,;'Th ........ '¦> ,ANAllA',1M «	«WaSTSaS.*1» tt
com. Drai-er that the following persons	vs.	pays a high tribute to the courage
I** ii'Wptvd as caretakers : No. 2, Mis* JEREMIE CHAR EST, Defendant, and valour of the Canadian troops Florent Mrirriniin ; No. 7, Miss Verna A |ot nf Und, known and designated, |wbo so gallantly held the line at SL !• K mght 4 o !», ..rge .hidd (with- Lucording to the primitive survey and Jullen*
‘ °*. v	l'*An °F the township of Fabre, in the
\Y , /'/n4i f iZ' x	county of Temiscaming, under number
^ t	** A .^.l^ar’ advo- Leven of range six south of the said
• t e, 92.00, be paid. < arneti	township of Fabre, said lot lieing known Red Cross fund. Is that of an Alberta
Adjourned to meet Saturday, Sept, according to the official plan and book farmer- He offera to the highest bld-4th. 1915, at f odock, P* m.	of reference of the said township ,.f	^
died a« re* in Mi|H ih« le* more Of less— jelly and Jam shower, and so o mm pfr ..	4l 4l wjth the buildings tbereernsmtad. which Is the Invariable feminine
in. I et It 1 arisen announce* that the To be sold at the i«ari*h church door mode of contributing supplies, and British line in France and h landers has of St. Edouard, in the county of Ternis was determined to prove that the been lengthened to a hundred miles, earning on THURSDAY, the*TWENTY masculine mind is much the more with H00,u00 troops actually on the fir* THIRD day of 8E1TEMBER, 1915, at original. Anyway, be has made his ing line. This is a vaster army by far , TEN o’clock of the forenoon.	gift, and any other male who also
than Great Britain ha* ever had to raise I	BERNARD J. SLOAN,	wishes to be unique and is tired of
:>uylng feminine rosettes can now purchase a thoroughbred bull calf to Din on his lapel in aid of the Red
m
I
<
range seven


A lilt of Romance

ë
INI UN I X I RSAI ( A IV
Mr. George Gordon Moore, of whom few people in this country have , is a Canadian millionaire and friend to Sir John French. He has
i
>* '
Minutes Clarendon Schools
un
The Time of Your Life
Arrives with the Purchase of a Ford
The average fellow and his wife learn to operate a Ford with skill in mi hour nml a half.
That » the Iwauty of the Ford—(table from its inexiiensiveness— any member ot the family can operate it.
As a «investment the Ford is a» good a* the grain. A year from now it will sell for slightly less than it cost, or it will give satisfactory service for five years to come. Amt 900,000 Ford owners will tell you that the operating cost of the Ford is ridiculously low.
A Ford means more time, greater earnings, more happiness, and no more monotonous sitting about the front porch of evenings. There will be rules to Bristol, yuyon, Portage. Bryson and Campbells Bayfishing and hunting trips to the north country, etc.
In the day time the head of the house will accomplish three times the work. In business the hord takes you where business is—there is HO waiting for busmen t«» nunc to
Henry h on I has reduced the price of his cars once again. Today a big. roomy five passenger car cost* but f. o. b. You can buy one of those stylish turtle back runabouts foi #480.
Some
I
you
f
T#
<
.«d $.'K 5S «’Sm'.tM I'™’	*"d
Come in and see the new models
Male Originality,
One very unique mode of giving to
Let’s talk over the proposition
G. A. HOWARD
Agent for the County of Pontiac.
SHAWVILLE
Canada . Limited

The Emptre is doing its full |Sheriffs Office share on land as well as on the sea to wards defeating tHe common enemy.
Hberiff.
Bryson, 17th August. 1916.
J [First published, 21 August, 1913J. j

###PAGE###5###
B#8l8RBHSSi888S88iS8##88SS!» •tt8mSS8ttS8tt88Si8ttKSStt888SS8S a
THE EQUITY,
Teacher Wanted
CANADA AT WAR
I X
Tear*
\ Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
I for School IMnirict Id, (Jlurendon, County Pontiac, Province of yueliec. Qualified. Protestant. State qualification*, exj**ri-•rue, church of choice and salary ex-
\{ Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
t

Subscription, #1 a Year in Advance
iw All arrears must he paid up before •any paper is discontinued.
m. a. mckinley,
Am. Sec.-Treas
School Shoes.
Shawville, (juo
;«
ADVERTISING RATES.
Ltft.il advertising, 10 cents per line for 1st Insertion and 5 cents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $5.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of rt cents per line for first Insertion ami 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inner tel until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-fshod free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
TENDERS


Tenders will be i o’clock |f. in., of Kept. 4 ing of a second 1 i\ ( larendon, Lot :i. I!
I s|unification ma) ce of Am. See. Trea# lei i-I t he B »ard
M. A. M< KINLEi
Asst. Secy-Trea*
1» till two • the build-
1 in district No.
Plan n in the
VI
Development of New fer- p ritory Possible.
88$8!888S8S8$8!8!8!8!8!SS8!8!8!8!8!8e	e»$*8*io8888i!$*8!888!8S8*!!8!8!3!8!$’8?
Next Year Will See New Outlet For the West.
Will Then Be %

8 =
Mothers - Fathers
#
Buy your next pair of School Shoes for the Boys or the Girls from G. F. Hodgins Co ,
where every pair is cut down to rock bottom prices.
t

ji\
4
EX1
N
year will see a new ma siauas as a spienaia example or outlet for the products of the Canadian West, for by that time the Hudson’s Bay Railway will be completed,
Port Nelson harbor dredged and equipment provided and a huge transfer elevator built
Then the West will be brought BALANCE: OF TRADE
he energy and foresight of the M/n* "	——
titer of Railways. It brings the West Wl en you want the best value foi doser to its European markets and ilso to thos • of the Maritime Pro
you
tuonev
i nnces, ana gives the Western farmer sufficiently in additional choice of routes whereby to ship his produce.
SHINGLES
JOB PRINTING
at $1.65 per M
and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards Flooring. End Matched Hardwood Floor in*, Moulding', D001-, etc., trv

All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
*
Boys’ Suits
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
doser to Liverpool, the long railway
haul dispensed with, or, In other
words, tbo Hack Door of Canada will barge Increase in Domestic Exports
—Statement by Hull. Dr lW*id.
The balance of trade as shown by fuly returns -till continues in Canada's favor. Our people are buying ess abroad and selling more, build-ng up a balance in our favor that nust have a beneficial effect on the mandai and industrial stability of )Ur country.
The total Canadian trade for the nonth of July reached 1100,000,( *
route, sailing through the Straits and tccordlng to the statement issued by
he Hon. J. D. Reid, Mlnistei of cus-oms. For the corresponding month >f 1914 the total trade amounted to 193.000.000.
IN CANADA’S FAVOR
A. F. CAMPBELL
BOX
be opened
Professional Cards.
Aniprior. Out
Since the first agricultural settlement on the prairie there has been a demand for the construction of this railway. It was repeatedly promised, and as often the promise remained unfulfilled. When Hon. Frank Cochrane became Minister of Railways he personally Inspected the proposed
Boys’ Suits for School Wear
This is the time of year when the boys need a suit. Solve the problem by bringing your boy to the G F. Hodgins Go,, to secure him a suit to his liking. We have splendid patterns in desirable shades.
PROMPTLY SECURED
DR. A. H. BEERS
SURGEON DENTIST
Qvi
J
( ' xMPBI lls H.x \
Doctor of Medicine and Muster of Surgery .\i	; ill Unlver.Mt >.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licenti.Vv of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
MARIOV & M XliK N
354 University St., Montr
acrofi? the Bay to Churchill and Nel-
HOMEMAKERS' CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :

lue reuse In Exports.
The feature of the statement is the ar&y increase In the domestic and onign exports. During the month »f July domestics exports reached
145.600.000	and foreign, goods ex, lorted from Canada $16,000,000,
ompured with $41,000,000 domcbtlc I ind ¦; b.vVO.OOO foreign for the cor! 'ey ponding month of 1914. Eleven Billion dollars worth of animals and Leir produce was exported during uly, being a substantial increase ! iver the corresponding month last ear. Manufactured goods also show . good increase; the exports being
112.500.000	against $5,800,000 lor uly, lu 14.
S. A. MACKAY
Austin - First Tuesday, Murrells • Second Wednesday, Elmside - Second Wednesday, Bristol, - - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs. Wyman, -	. First. Friday,
Shawville - First Saturday, Yarn - Last Saturday,
of each month.
School Supplies

f
7
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,
Que.
m
. w à

R. MILLAR, L.L.L.

Scribblers, Exercise Books. Pens, Pencils Ink, Rulers, Erasers, School Bags,
Text Books to arrive
)
ADVOCATE.
Bryson - - • Que.
Will viilt Shawville every Saturday
L




Imports Fell Off.
While the exports are booming here is a decrease in the merchan-lise entered for consumption. Dur-ng July $36,000,009 worth of goods vere imported, made up of $20,000,-*00 dutiable and $15,000,000 free roods. This is a falling off for the orresponding month of 1914, when he imports amounted to $42,000,->00, made up of $26,000,000 dutiable .nd $16,000,000 free goods.
For the four months of the present Iscal year, ending July 31st last, the otal Canadian trade was $371,000,->00, compared with $306,000,000 for he four months of the corresponding >eriod last year. Last July $13,000,->00 worth of coin and bullion was exported.
D. R. BARRY, K.C.
A
G. F. HOGGINS GO
mOM,
BARRISTER, ADVOCATE, AC
Offke’nnd Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
tv Visit* Shawville every Saturday
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS

7
!
'T1 HE noie head of A over 1> years old . mm quarter section of land in Manitoba. S
Apnl it .1 n :	must appea i
person at the Dominion Lands Agency <Jr Sub agency for the District Entry by pioxj may mn It t any Dominion Land* Agency (but certain condition*.
i fa
i*any male me.itead a ailahle Dominion k ate he wan or Al-
CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
SEE THE FLYIHC MACHIHE
it a
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
FLY AT THE RENFREW FAIR
196 Main St. - Hull.
HON. FRANK COCHRANE.
Sketch by McConnell.
ion. He decided that if the road was juilt that Port Nelson was the best mus. and his decision has since
*en unanimously approved. From ASSISTANCE PROVIDED
ira.1.0	FOR CROP MOVEMENT
lecided to immediately build the railway and equip the port on Hud-ion's Bay.
*ub agency) on
PHON8BBLL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER Ic SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QLE.
Duties.—Six month* residence upon md cultivation of the land in each of liree years. A homesteader may live vithin nine mile of hi* homestead*
\ YZ

,	,	wmm ... on a
farm of at least HO acre*, on certain condi-on*. A habitable house la i «¦«4«111 ex< ept when resident < in the v
In certain district* a homesteader in good standing may pre-empt a quarter-section alongside In homestead Price $3.00 per acre
Dutle—Six month» residence In each of three

performed in
rllnister of Finance Offers to Cooperate With Hanks.
The Minister ot Finance has spe-From Le Pas to Port Nelson in a dally drawn the attention of the iirect line is 400 miles, and the rail- (ankers' Association to the provisions fay will be only 4 20 miles, about as >f the Finance Act of 1914, under iirect a line for the distance as there vhich advances may be obtained in s on this continent. This road will Dominion notes upon approved col-)e graded into Port Nelson this year ateral. The Minister thinks that the ind steel laid on two-thirds of it. Canadian crop will this year be un-Next summer the steel will be carried isually large and valuable, but that forward to Nelson in time to handle >wing to war conditions and the 1 part of the crop. While the con- date of the exchanges the movement itruction of the railway has been will likely be slow. This means that naking rapid progress equal energy be financial demands in connection 3as been shown in the equipment of rith the crop movement will be If you want to see fine horses, a beautiful dlttpluy of apples, a hippy -he port. All supplies for work at îeavier and more prolonged than
and proeperou. people amlafine exhibition of aviation, visit Renfrew	the"" 3% 'and !TuZwiy %J,d"co%%^nS ^^RFcORY. IM. !
hair this year. Nearly $4,000 in pi izea for Ine stock and agricultural /early a dozen freighters have sue- probably able without assistance to	Deputy of theMinister ofthe Interior
productions. Aviator Luekey will ascend from the Fair Grounds in lessfully made the trip and to a con- landle the situation, the Minister v b.-Unauthorized publication of
Lia Curtiss biplane on Thursday Sept. 28,xl and Friday, Sept 24th.	‘"uVtome^mW re^Mu'cur- ^l^v.rt,..m«nt wiH not be paid for.
8HAWVILLII Reduced railway fares. Special train oil Thursday, 23rd, irom Mower Fatera. A huge dredge was towed ailed banking accommodation to
Station on the K. & P.; returning leaving Renfrew at ll.L) p. m. from Toronto to Port Nelson and has >ther sections of the community, and
ah ...it. wiii ^	SfC-SS	giH R H
the night entertainment in Opera House and to see Renfrew's tine nlnal yards have been constructed, iotes issued against grain bills would ,,	, *v	Vth
ind plans secured for a transfer ele- » retired from time to time as the	1 ««wnship of Clarendon,
valor to be built next season. In	rop was sold there is no reason to	,ni,j8 1,H> Acren, more or less, ad-
W.	E. SMALLFIELD, Secretary.	| preparation for opening of this grain	ipprehend a redundancy of note clr-	Jawing *he corporation of the village of
route wireless stations are now being	ulatlon should the banks freely avail	'Shawville. Comfortable dwelling house
established along the Strait* and	bemaelves of the Invitation of the	and all out-buildings	neceesaiÿ on a
PIPP	BWBBWWBHBBBWBWWWB	Ighthouses erected where required,	ilniater. With abundance of funds	farm erected thereon.	Two good wells
A	very demi ruble	farm,	being	the	_ -	_	_	3o that on the completion ot the rail-	available for the crop movement	—one convenient to house and one con-
Bait	Half of Lot	No.	13,	in	the	6th Explanation re. Cancelling ape-	t	a clftim	for $^.77, which amount	,1)r	wlU 00 deUy ln	bere w,u ^ le“ Uhellhood of It,	venient to etock yard. O.khI orchard,
range of Clarendon,	mituated one nule	0ial Train to Shawville Fair the Society	had to nay in cash.	.ng this new route to market the	wing prewed for male, at learnt	Soil pert clay and iwrt	loam. Will he
f""» .Shawville, and containing 100	-- Tin- year the ... of the bond We,tern crop	the de,lre of Producer, and .oWoneaay terms. For further |«r-
"" fttrcS. Front half clay loam, rear end It will be observed that the regular was increased to 1141.00, and although Development of Resources.	" __ ticulars apply to	gg
! —a"*£^^3
g'«.l payment down, easy terms will he tend our Fair, with the exception of one i*|, ,hat theM, would he an extra /aluable dsb and mineral resources I??!».
....nr».,	SSBSSS
Teuton for Fenelng j^aSriS ttXt 2SJ"8.«.	r£	SS.Hr&RKLVK'” 1
Tender» will be received up till two it is a mail train and i* expected to run	mcM train in connection ,t|] support a large population.	asked the owner of the estate what
p. m., of Saturday, 4th September.	on time	with the Fair this year.	The construction of this railway be thought about bu> mg it	i.u ' - ;n
for fencing one *ide (mad wide) of No. Î In order to aceoounodate the visitor* p jg hoped that thou who w<mld tnd port through a comparatively	a ,n
School ground». Two gate»—one 12 at the Fair from stationi* ea**t of .Shaw- have patronized the special train will inknown country has been done in	nunpr> y0U wattl
ft. and oae 3 ft. Fence—7 strand» wire ville, the Director* of the rair for three j^pt tbi* explanation, a* thi* #w tion : record time. To build a harbor on Th	-^ the nrl
and t#arb wire on top. Posts 16 feet year* arranged for a ^iecial tram. In on the |art of the director» seemed ne Hudson » Ray, oniy accessible for a g(K>d one
Also foHencing No. 10 School order tv get this train it w»« rweessary- cessa ry in order t.. avoid the Pomhle	/Zat“.t %	' Poh!” eald the owner.
~ - ‘as. â=ïE6v.-.ïïp ==«*FfiEKl#sï6E§£5e HSië» - --
Clareodon Schools, the earning, d the special train they	Secretary 1	oarasnir or lorn of iif.
> X
Almost Direct Line

z
Will be in Fort Coulongc every Wed nesday and Shawville every Saturday.
«
X

year* after earning houie^tvad patent ; al*o 50 acre* extra cultivation. Pre-emption patent may be obtained as soon a* homestead patent conditions.
A settler who has exhausted his homestead right may take a purchased home stead in certain district*. Price $3,00 per acre. Duties. — Must reside six month# in each of three years, cultivate 10 acres and erect a house worth $300.
The area of cultivation I* subject to re* dilution incaseofr ougli .scrubby or stony land. Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.

GEORGE HYNES
%
on certain
U
»
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
Personal attention.Openall hours
Z4
UNDERTAKING
HAVES A FINDLAY
MAIN STREET
(opposite J. H. Shaw'*.)
FARM FOR SALE.
so im 1 attention
J. V. FINDLAY
W. J HAYES.
new White VV«y. Send for Prize LUt
T. F. BARNET, President
FARM FOR SAL]
'
SHAWVILLE

MEAT SHOP
CEO. PRENDERCAST, Prop
and
Fresh Meats,
Cured Meats,
Sausages, etc.,


Always on hand

Quite Why that's more
Hide* and Pelt* bought and highest market price paid.


###PAGE###6###
WHEN IT RAINS IN PANAMA
A Tremendous Offering of Peaches to the

Poultry
Harry A. Franck and Three Comrades Had Awful Experience.
CANADI AN RED CROSS SOC I ET Y
RANCH WILL COMMENCE SEPTEMBER 1ST TO PACK AND SHIP 100,000 GALLON HOSPITAL SIZE SANITARY CANS, EACH CONTAINING 6Vt TO 7 LBS. OF SUPERB BRAND PEACHES FOR DISTRIBUTION THROUGH THE CANADIAN RED ( ROSS SOCIETY TO OVERSEAS HOSPITALS IN BRITISH ISLES, FRANCE AND BELGIUM.
This undertaking is of such magnitude, representing fifty car loads <>f FRESH FRUITS and the employment of over Two Hundred men and women during the PEACH SEASON, PACKING DAILY 6,000 LARGE HOSPITAL
CANS.	. ,	_ .	.
These peaches are peeled, pitted and halved, then packed in large HOSPITAL SANITARY CANS, in HEAVY SYRUP,
then crated (six cane in each crate), to be forwarded to destination through t he CANADIAN RED CROSS SOCIETY. The total coat is FIFTY CENTS per CAN (60c). this charge includes all expenses. These fruits are packed EXCLUSIVELY for the CANADIAN RED CROSS SOCIETY AND CANNOT BE PURCHASED by the GENERAL PUBLIC. as they are prepared and delivered to the CANADIAN RED CROSS SOCIETY AT ACTUAL COST.
By remitting 50 Cents through the CANADIAN RED CROSS SOCIETY, or
peach'ranoh/^jordan MSSS
Large^Cans'of BEAUTIFUL SUPERBA BRAND PEACHES going forward to our sick and wounded soldiers.
Don’t delay in accepting this OPPORTUNITY. THESE FRUITS are URGENTLY NEEDED and will be much ppreciated by our Gallant Defenders. .
All SUBSCRIPTIONS will be duly acknowledged, and should be completed by September let. Remit now.
Contributions are being received from all parts of Canada. THINK OF OUR SICK AND WOUNDED DEFENDERS IN OVERSEAS* HOSPITALS. It’s UP TO YOU TO “DO YOUR BIT” AT
WHAT IS YOUR ANSWER?
s*
Hof ore us spread the reposing powerful, sun-shimmering Pacific. Across the bay, clear as an etching, lay Panama, backed by Ancon hill. In regular cadence the waves swept in on th« sands. Such was the scene described by Mr. llarry A. Franck in "Zone Policeman 88," when he and three comrades went one duy for a
ft*'
POULTRY'S PART IN HACK POLAND MOVEMENT.

4
W


By A. P. Marshall. Niagara l ulls
Canada.
swim in the ocean.
We dived in. keeping an eye out for 11 one could trace back the source sharks, although we kneel they of a very great many developed	de-	never	came so far in.	and probably
sires for rural endeavor ultimately	re-	Would	not bite if they	did. The sun
suiting in lifework on the farm of one blazed down white-hot from a cloud-sort or another no doubt they would less sky. The Lieutenant and Ser-reveal an important part played	by	géant	Jack had not	been able to
the wish to produce and pleasure	de-	come,	but we arranged	the races and
rived in the growing of poultry


kfil



3Ü
/ ‘-A '


TUI












mii
%

a
«
i
ï/i
jumps in the sand for all that, and
This idea seemed to loom up on ac- went into them with a will and-
count of incidents following in close A raindrop fell. Then a few more, succession, that all seemed to imply Then many more. Before we had fin-the same thing. In the first place we ished the hundred-yard dash it was ran across a man, a barber by trade undeniably raining. Half u minute who of rural inclinations, keeping his later “bucketfuls" would have been a garden and chickens, finally made the weak simile. The blanket of water , break and in four years has one of blotted out Panama and Ancon hill the very neatest 7 acre places we across the bay, blotted out the distant have ever seen. The chickens helped bathers, than even those close at materially, but in this ease are really hand only one of the products of his most successful place.	time—to keep dry
Going through a thriving fruit sec- whipped our faces as with thousands tion, we noticed one of the tidiest sort of stinging lashes. We crawled out of places where several dozen children and dashed blindly up the bank to-werv berry picking, and enquiry ward the sawmill, the rain beating on elicited the information that this was our all but bare skins. It felt as it a back-to-the-land movement with the might feel to stand in Mirafloree locks most satisfactory results. In evidence and let the sand pour down upon us Were the brooders and fairly large from sixty feet above. When at last numbers of thriving chickens giving we stumbled under cover and up the evidence that they were playing an stairs to where our clothing hung, it important if perhaps not a major part was as if a weight of many ton .. i in the good results obtained.	been lifted from our shoulders.
The following day on the street of The sawmill was without side walls, a neighboring citv we met an old busi- and consisted only of a sheet-iron roof ness acquaintance from whom we had and floors. The storm pounded on bought quite a lot of a commodity he the roof with a roar that made the was then supplying. From one thing sign language necessary. It was as to another the present came under if we were surrounded on all sales by discussion and here we find another on solid walls of water, and forever shut a fruit farm as keen in the carrying off from the outer world-if indeed
SHSÜE
had increased some hundred per cent. That was the day when little harmless streams tore themselves apart into great gorges, and left their pathetic little bridges alone and deserted out in the middle of the gulf. That the famous May 12, 1912. when

y:f
Hts
X


\

fACh
%







M



m

We remained under water for n
But the rain
V






•a


CANADA



V; . iw!





¦




¦

»

A



1*1

1

* -V

l

TP.



>
DAN HARP1
Beach ranc

%






a

i.i.w


y



The Admiral"




7#




ONCE.

help him
realty tackles the seiious make a living and a surplus along this
THE GOSPEL OF HATE.
Their efficiency is an officer of
line
crumble away in a few weeks and the women enrolled war might come to a disastrous con- unquestioned. Recently elusion.	the general staff told me that women
In every field of endeavor into had been found to be superior to men which she was pitchforked by the in the making of certain parts of a events of a year ago, the French wo- shell because their fingers are more man has “made good.” Every char- supple than men's as a result of long ity, from the Red Cross down to hours with the needle, teaching the children of reconquered “Transportation by underground Alsace the French language, depends railway or surface cars would be im-upon her for success. Commerce possible in most French cities nowe-would come to a standstill and agri- days were it not for the feminine culture cease to exist if she had not guards and station attendants. 1 ne shown herself capable to keep her Paris ‘Metro1 rune, without a hitch, husband's office or shop open and his yet all its subordinate employes land tilled In his absence at the front, women. They are holding only the Even the Bank of France might have jobs left vacant by their husbands or
to close its doors without her aid. brothers or sweethearts, of course;
but isn't it likely that those whose menfolk are killed or permanently disabled will continue in the same capacity after the war?
Have Learned Self-Reliance.
WOMEN OF FRANCE PLAY NOBLE PART
What does this mean and what les-it have to any one who gives
Germans Dislike of England Has
Increased Tenfold.
son can
ÜM matter any thought and has any inclination along these lines ?| flection could not but make us feel the necessity in each and every case for the years of apprenticeship as f were at a comparatively small cost or spread out in such a way as to l»e hardly noticeable. If every man <
Re
Some politicians, mostly of an ob-type, have at times endeavored
men
was
Ancon recorded the greatest rainfall in her history—7.23 inches, virtually _ | al 1 within three hours. Three of us were ready to surrender and swim home through it
. .	a*	Admiral to consider. He v us dressed
woman who has any idea of poukry |	^ his ^fpin-ond Panama
farming or any other, m fact could do ^ horrible holes m a police-comparatively small way for
scure
to persuade the British working that they have no real interest in this war, and that the triumph of the Ger-
would not adversely affect their fortunes or materially change the course of their lives, writes Earl Cromer in the London Spectator, There cannot be a greater error. It is no exaggeration to say that a complete German victory would exercise a profound effect on the political stat* us, the material wealth, the social condition and the surrounding moral atmosphere of every individual subject of King George V. A partial victory would produce changes in proportion to its extent. Let it not be “With all its evils, the war has be- supposed for one moment that any stowed upon France two lasting bene- degree of statesmanlike generosity
would be extended to the vanquished. Englishmen have been slow to recog-the extent to which the old Ger-with its really noble aspira-
DOING EVERY KIND OF WORK
AT PRESENT.
But therj was the
man arms
Army Depends on Women To Make Ammunition—Teach French to
Alsatians.
So we waited, and
so m a
a number of years, they could at least determine if the inclination is still
HirEEhHrB.fi :	« 21 s !	esssu:
¦¦¦(I
sa» «s ïgS Ü5SÜ
SSShBu r#sSI! gliàEH|E
acquired the knowledge that enabled piunged toward our several goals. As in France were to quit uork, Gen. of the wa •	f
them to put in practice in a larger lhc door 0f 111 slammed behind me, Joffre’a entire atrategic scheme would munitions alone there an army of
way what they had found best work- ^ downpour suddenly slackened. As ing under limited conditions and with j paused before my room to drain, it
stopped raining.
man’s salary dodged, and squirmed into smaller
holes for another hour; and grew
are
In the Bank of France
A year
can
fits—it has taught French women self-reliance in the struggle that goes on outside their own homes, and taught Frenchmen esteem for the many, abilities of their women. There are tions and high standard of morals, has many thousands of women who for passed away. Its place has been tak-the past year have conducted the en by a Germany one of whose prin-businesses of their husbands in the c{pal national characteristics is exmarket or on the farm, and among treme vindictiveness, and a catholic them, alas! are those who must con- capacity for hating other nations. Ac-tinue to do so when peace comes, cording to the testimony of all || These women in this dreadful year patent observers the hatred for Eng-have learned to know the world of af land which existed before the war fairs, and so have their sisters of the exceeded anything which we could poorer classes, doing man's' work in bave believed possible. It has, of the factory or the fields.	course, now been increased tenfold.
“The same knowledge has come to the rich women of society, for the administrative talents they have revealed in conducting the vast philanthropies arising from wartime misery can never again be submerged beneath social frivolities.
“We French women don't prise the franchise so highly as our sisters in England and the United States.
What we want first is equality in work and wages, and that I am confident we have shown ourselves to be entitled to, and will receive when the war is won."
The Government allows the wife or new
m
nise
career
The Governor of the Bank of
little more than time to acquire
gives
the knowledge and make the best success
com-

TRADE SECRETS.
('outlines* of the Shadowing That
Has to be Done
A HOLLOW VICTORY
How trade secrete become the property of rival firms Is the cause of h vast amount of shadowing of suspected employees. Such secret* are sponsible for a large portion of the private inquiry agent's prosperity. In the case of a celebrated fashion firm the leakage of secrets with regard U designs caused half-a-dozen shad-to be employed, and the track-
restricted possibilities.
Many a successful fruit and poultry farmer has blessed the fact that his restricted poultry interest led him to learn many things that stood him
in excellent stead in his new farm never reached the sixties surroundings and enabled him because borough was 62 at Oudenarde, and by 1 3f the acquired habit of successfully no means in his dotage at 66. Freder-¦ penalizing to take up the proposi- j ick the Great was 61 at the enfl of his tion from a new angle and by his pe- great campaign. On the other hand, culiar business qualifications build up Moltke at 66 was only just establish-a trade that means for him a splendid ing his name in world-history. Rag
If anyone therefore take a fancy j pointed commander-in-chief in the for poultry work it seems as though Crimea. Dadetzky, one of the few it would be well to give this side of great soldiers Austria has produced, ! the subject due consideration. A lit
tie reflection will show that it would their last successful war. Wolseley a be very wise to study the subject in i**t campaign was fought at 52, but suth a way as to learn all that might Lord Roberts began his last at 67. be of assistance when the time comes slT John French will be 63 in Septem-to require to develop the poultry into her a line that will bring a satisfactory

mr
• '
Ages of Famous Soldiers
fv
)/
Napoleon was 45 at Waterloo and
4
» z
6

I

i
let

lan was about 66 when he was ap
,
1
/
Ml

82 when he led the Austrians in

¥
?
9-'
living
An Alternative
*
(at door of apartment
A cloud of very small drops of! house)-"What, no elevator! Must I mile up. would take about walk up ?
hours to sink to the earth. | Janitor—"No; you may run, if you
like."



4

+

Not a Desirable One
An income tax means an outgg cheque.
All men are equal the day they are born and the day they are buried.
Yewring is due to a deficiency in the air supply to the lungs, and is Nature's method of rectifying the deficiency. ,
you found an
Welcome the coming, speed the ting guest** is a misquotation. ye. the author, wrote "the going
«.Oil
opening yet, old man?*'
Second Grad—"Yea, I'm in a hole."
h often» log
fbe Hantera: I md aider all d*a torlt only
f
I
.
treat Dally Mar
guest.**
###PAGE###7###
X
I
<
<


IN CAPTURED WARSAW
4
4
AN IMPERIAL COMMONWEALTH
About the Household
h
*£à





Sir Robert Borden’s Visit to England.
i
Dainty Diahes.
used first, the curd becomes set and Tomatoes Fried in Cream.—This is the surface is not so easily cleansed, a German dish. Peel and cut fresh Fold a piece of emery paper in the tomatoes into thick slices if tomatoes centre and draw the knife rapidly arc large, or if small let them remain back and forth several times, turning whole. Season, flour, saute in hot it from side to side. This is an exbutter, then sift a little more flour cellent sharpener for paring knives, over them (if needed) and add a cup Take vegetables out of the water of cream. Stew all together until the the moment they are sufficiently cook-cream is thickened and the tomatoes ed. If underdone they are indigesti-are well cooked.	ble, and if overdone their appearance
Orange Mint Salad.—Sprinkle the is spoiled and their flavor lost, carefully skinned and divided pulp of When purchasing a roast of veal four oranges with two tablespoonfuls have the butcher lard it with salt of powdered sugar, two tablespoonfuls pork. This will make the meat juicy of finely chopped, fresh mint leaves instead of being dry, and it will have and one tablespoonful of lemon juice. a fine flavor that can be had in no Chill thoroughly and serve in glasses other way.
ornamented with sprigs of mint. If W a cake tin is greased lightly and the oranges are very juicy, pour off a I flour sifted over it, all surplus flour portion of the juice before serving. removed by a sharp tap of the tin, the Fruit Charlotte.—Use what fruit# result will be quite as good as using in season you like best. Make indivi- a Paper lining and is more easily and dual cases of light puff pastry. Whip Quickly done.
up two cups of thick cream, sweeten It is wise to wipe over the cords of and flavor to taste and have the fruit the porch shades occasionally with an ready, raw or stewed. Put a layer of oil-soaked rag. The constant friction fruit in the case, then a layer of on the cord is what wears the strands cream, then more fruit and top with and causes the cord to break. A little cream. Decorate with bit of cherry I.0}1 will lessen this friction percepteur other bright fruit.
Apple Cake.—For apple cake sift a
pint of flour with a teaspoonful and a keep fresh meat every day, place on half of baking powder and half a tea- an earthen dish and cover it with a spoonful of salt. Add two tablespoon- cloth wrung out of vinegar, covering fuis of butter, rubbing it in thorough- with a pan to keep from drying out. ly, and then add a beaten egg and Set in a cool place. This will not inmilk enough to make a thick batter. Jure meat.
Spread the batter in a buttered tin to Take about eight fair-sized potatoes the thickness of an inch. Over the and scrub, them clean with a vege-top spread quarters or eights of peel- table brush.
ed and cored apples, and sprinkle spread each half with a little butter, with sugar and cinnamon. Bake in a sprinkle with pepper and salt and lay hot oven.	a thin slice of cheese on top. Place on
a slightly greased pan and bake in an even hot oven until soft and brown.
t
Fifty years ago the proposals for a Confederation had juat been submitted to the people of British North America, and in 1866 the statesmen of the colonies assembled in London to settle with the Imperial Government upon the terms of the agreement which was to establish the Dominion of Canada. ..They accomplished their mission. The scattered and disunited colonies were withdrawn together and the new community was endowed with the largest powers of self-government. By effecting this result the London meeting in 1866 completed one stage in the development of the British Empire. A household had been set up within the Empire, managing its own affairs. When Australia and South Africa were prepared in like manner to direct their own concerns they followed the precedent set in 1866, and secured from the Imperial Government their free constitutions.
the war, was invited to attend a session of the Cabinet.

Si
The Final Authority.
A journey by Sir Robert Borden to England at this time was natural and proper. He wished to inspect Canadian troops whether in training camps or at the front, to cheer his wounded fellow countrymen, to discuss with the Imperial authorities the measures which all parts of the Empire should adopt in discharge of the common obligation. His presence in London was a sign to our friends and our enemies of the unanimity of the Empire. Still the most significant episode in his visit was the invitation to attend a meeting of the Cabinet. All the other functions he could have discharged and yet have made no advance beyond his predecessors in shaping the institutions of the Empire. Other episodes during his stay were certainly more dramatic, the meeting with the rulers of the Allies, the visit to the Canadian battery in France, the great review of our soldiers at Shorncliffe. Yet no incident compared in importance with the gathering of a few civilians, unheralded, unattended, surrounded by no pomp or ceremony, to discuss around a table in Whitehall the common business of all the millions of their fellow-citizens. No colonial had ever before entered this Council Chamber.
The final authority which the Cabinet exercised had not been shared with any citizen of the Empire from beyond the seas. There now remained no council of the Empire from which a representative of the Dominions
ante-chambers had been opened. Now The picture shows the famous - RcgimenUU Church" In Warsaw.	. £re,m °/ ,Rice, Soup-
a colonial stood in the inmost room.	tablespoonfuU of rice in a sieve un-
All the arcana imperii were open be-	~~~ der running water. Drop into a pint
fore him. The limits to hia autonomy may have concerned these heroes	HOMELIKE TRENCHES.	of boiling slightly salted water and
had been passed. He could now feel little. They died for much that was	------ boil	for	20	minutes.	Then add a
himself to be, in as complete a sense real, but much also that was a hope	Quarters	of the Bavarian Trenches in	quart	of	scalded rich milk. When it
as anyone else, a citizen of his world- or an aspiration. It remains for	Northern France.	boiIs add two teaspoonfuls of cornwide state.	those of their fellow-citizens who are	starch rubbed smooth in a little
responsible for the conduct of our To speak of the “comforts of smooth milk, a teaspoonful of salt and common affairs to give	shape	to their	“ome” *n connection with	life in the	onion juice and pepper to taste. Two
It is true that the	Prime Minister j ideal through the necessary	institu-	trenches seems a glaring	misuse of	teaspoonfuls of grated cheese may
of Canada attended	the meeting of	tions and laws.	language, yet that is the	term that	also be added and will much improve
the Cabinet by invitation, through the	Sir Robert Borden’s	attendance at	a correspondent of the	Associated	the flavor to most tastes. Cook for
courtesy of the British Government the Imperial Cabinet is a sign that	Press applies to	the quarters of the	three	minutes	and	then	add
He was enjoying a privilege, not ex- the statesmen of the Empire will not	Bavarian	soldiers	in northern France,	spoonful	of butter	and
ercising a right. The distinction is j shrink from this duty. St. Julien	He made	a round	of the trenches, ac-
immaterial. What matters is that a quickly bore fruit. The Premier of representative of the Dominions | Canada moved into that council cham-shared in the final council of the Em- j her escorted by his mighty dead, pire. His right to be present will ne- ; They will attend him and other lead-ver be urged. There will be no need ers of Canadian opinion until the of urging it, since no one will call it j Commonwealth for which they laid in question. His presence on one down their lives is well and firmly great occasion is a sufficient prece-. established. Like the Athenians dent. We proceed in our British way whose graves Pericles spoke, "They
SHSSSS
tnnnip* a. thp Jubila nf 1RK7 the Empire were disclosed to a represen- and with it the grandest of all sepul-niom	in hi in*» nf 1H70 unA tuJcnr. ta t : ve of a Dominion in person. Sir j chres, not that in which their mortal
ti f 1002 «ttendé» 1 hv renre- Bobert Borden may not attend an-j bones are laid, but a home in the telescopes without being seen.	Carrot Soup.—Two cups of peeled
enntativa*	.¥in, rnmrminitv other Cabinet meeting during this minds of men,* where their glory re- “To the rear of these trenches, far and chopped carrots, one-fourth cup
¦uhiwt t the British Throne These	*****	** would be difficult Indeed	to	mains fresh to stir to speech or ac-	underground, are so-called Unter-	of rice, two cups of scalded milk, two
Tn tht	outward	aanart tvnified	for	make 8U<dl attendance a practice.	A	tion as the occasion comes by. For	stande, or shelters, where the soldiers	cups of water, two slices of onion,
r'. _, !'	i•'J|11111 l	f imnvriHl	visitor could only catch snatches	of	the whole earth is the sepulchre of	live when not on duty. These places	two tablespoonfuls of flour, four ta-
\ tt r	th'in »nv	other airvucv	the	the business passing before the Cabi-	famous men; and their story is not	are surprisingly comfortable, under	blespoonfuls of butter, sprig of pars-
unit V and variety of the miirhtv	net Th* one case ** enou*h* It has	, graven only on stone over their na-	the circumstances. Most of those oc-	by, one and one-half teaspoonfuls of
sttit,. tn wh.rh they helonir Thev also	accU8tomed British PeoPle every-	tive earth, but lives on far away,	cupied by the officers are provided	salt. Pepper to taste. Cook carrots in
mnrvLi tn hrinL tLethe^ sround .	where to thc *d<* that the deUbcra-	without visible symbol, woven into the	with big four-post-beds. Many have	water until tender. Press through
^ ènunriI hnard Br.twh Ministers and tion9 of the ImPerial Government, stuff of other men’s lives.”	clocks, and carpets on the floors, and sieve, saving liquid. Cook rice in
fence Schemes for common defence	. The invitation to Sir Robert Bor-1	Scotland, there is to be seen this	The ™en who customarily spend some	mixed geason,ng 0f gaj^, red and black	Like	other	rabbits,	the	Angora	is
were submitted to them, and, though	den has prepared the way for the	strange, and, indeed, touching asso-	daX* in *ront and then go off duty	Add a little minced onion, a	Prolific;	eight	or	ten	young	are	born
not always adopted, conveyed a lesson formation of such a body which will elation. As too often happens to for a like time» thus *et a chance to	\ mustard and powdered at a littcr- The rabbit cages are us-
in Imperial patriotism. In 1911 the deal with matters common to the Puss, she became bereft of her kit-	6nce in the week -oftener, if herbs. Brush all over with melted ua**y kept in a well-protected yard
foreign policy of the Empire, which whole British Commonwealth. The tens, and in her disconsolate state the spirit moves—while they are rest butter or 80ft bacon fat. Then sprin- or ^neath a shed, and stand "two feet justified common preparations for de- work of the Fathers of Confederation some newly hatched chickens were , in*."	. kle lightly with salt, set on a rack in or more above the ground. When the
fence, was disclosed to the statesmen	wri then be complete.	They gave	put beside her. Pussy immediately	It is interesting to remember in	a coasting pan. Put in a very	hot	young rabbits are	a	month	old,	the
of the Dominion. It is true that they	Canada control over her	local affairs,	; took to them, and for two days guard-	; this connection	that a certain Colonel	oven ^et brown, then rub over	it a	bair *8 combed as	often as	once	in
were not asked to join in shaping the but those concerns which affected ed and fondled the chickens, seven in Afansieff, who has seen much of the tart jcj)y meited \n a bot water ten days, in order to keep it free from . , policy, still they were given every op- Canada together with the rest of the ! number, with true maternal affection, underground life led by soldiers and and *„velop jn a crust 0f flour an(j knots or matting. The combing portunity of studying it, and much a Empire were still left in the care of ! They reciprocated the attention of tefugees alike in Poland, believes that, water made very gtiff and roHed half causes the rabbit very little inconveni-schooling could have only one ultimate the Imperial Government. Canada their warm-coated foster mother, and as a result of the war, no small part an ;nch thick. Pinch the edges tight cnee; in fact, it helps the frequent purpose and result, that of preparing will now have a voice in determining crowded closely around her. To see of the population of Europe will act- together, lay back in the pan, cover moltings of the little animals, them for their part in an Imperial the policies which in any way affect them all settled for the night with ually revert to cave life. The trenches, and bake in a hot oven. Take up, The long, silky fur appears when Government which would determine	her and will at the same	time partiel-	their second mother was something to	when properly	built, are dry and	break the blanket carefully, lift	out	the rabbit is from	three	to four
the foreign policy of the Empire. |	p*te in the Government	of the Em-	ponder over in relation to Nature s	warm, and the	peasant and the city	the meat and pour the gravy from	the	months old, and it	is	then plucked	by
pire as a whole. The meeting of 1866 ways. Eventually five of the chickens laborer alike find them more health- envelope into a small saucepan. Add hand about every two months. From , led inevitably to the meeting of 1916. were given back to the rightful mo- ful and comfortable than their own 1 to it either hot claret or a spoonful one to three ounces of fur is removed 1 Meanwhile the Imperial Defence , ^ imperial convention such as ther, and Puss was left with only two abodes. They go back from the front 0f tart jelly, a drop or two of tabasco, each time. The fur is kept in a paste Committee was taking shape in order muet f0u0W the war will crown the to rear. She dotes unceasingly on on furloughs, but the towns and boil up and serve in a boat.	board or wooden box, lined with pa
to co-ordinate the defensive arrange-	0f *f] the Canadian statesmen the pair, and they in turn run after houses bore them; they are home-	_____ per, and protected from moths by
ment* of the Empire and upon it who eincc the Confederation of Can- her with every sign of affection, sick for their trenches.	Household Hints.	means of a bit of camphor or naphtha-
Colonial Ministers were allotted their ada bave joined in securing for their When Puss went out, as wont to do,	_ .	_ Cucumbers make a delicious sand-1 lane.
place. It was only an advisory body country her true plaça in the British to the milk cart, the feathered mites	*ich.
to the British Cabinet, yet its mem* Commonwealth.	followed closely beside her. On one
bership was so representative and im*	The Frail of 3t. Julien	occasion when the cat was feeding, A few Sundays ago Bobby’s mother with saw teeth
portant as to give its decision, great	her place was taken by the other wa9 hurrying him to get ready for
weight. It proved really an	J etstUre in these days is a natural *el*ne member °* Gie household, who Sunday School. Bobby (aged seven), them in the sun
chamber to the Cabinet; those who	f	r|onouq Dart acted ** b\*ck cat sentry, and, when not being very fond of Sunday School, Never put away a garment in need hie left hand, and with the fight hand
gained admittance to II were doeeto I	toplay in ^he * "%»*«*	«ear the w.s grumbling alt the time about of mending.	gradually pull, out a fine thread,
th* innemoat councils of th« Empire	heroism of her *nns chick###, "bowed fight st once. Mon schools in general and Sunday schools Wrap cheese in a cloth moistened which he attaches to the spindle of
Finally, the KM-Mt war threw all the |<jhave noother outr<ime T(> curious was this, that, when the other in particular. Finally, to give vent to with vinegar if you would keep it the distaff. As a single thread does
door* open. It showed as no e.gir	Xu*traliana New Zea- ^P*"^0"1 CMn* over to	how his feelings, l\f exclaimed—“I wish moist and free from mold.	not possess sufficient strength for
=K®w£7= ESggSS SlBBSg	Sr -™ = - ”
iPW wmm œ smm, »
upon their shoulder. ¦ share of th. |	in form, but Powerful mJU	-------*------- -Are you a chess player?" a land- to absorb the steam and keep them
™	% lErÆ—* ».
climate is changing.” not a chess player, and I can’t account preserved fruits from darkening, wash	-—
to be for such a singular preference,”
J \

K
V,
l
Mi

i

¦9
i
Bsx





$-
VJ/
r;
li

Mm
s
>V

r
The Growth of Empire.
Yet, the establishment of these Dominions, while certainly a milestone in the progress of the JCmpire, left a long road still to travel. The j new communities took charge of their local affairs, but they had as yet no voice in conducting (he business common to the whole Empire. Such common concerna were left to the Government at Westminster. It administered the great dependencies, it conducted the foreign policy of the Empire, it decided finally upon peace or war, it retained a final authority over nil parts of the British Commonwealth. The authority of the Dominions was thus restricted within certain boundaries; and a citizen of Canadi enjoyed a less ample prerogative than a citizen of ttu United Kingdom, since the latter alone elected the representatives who determined the ultimate issues for the whole Empire. This difference could not be permanent The Dominions once in control over their own business moved inevitably towards a larger participation in the business common to the Empire. Hence the 60 years since Confederation have witnessed a series of meetings in London no less significant than that of 1866. Colonial statesmen have visited the Metropolis of the Empire to take part in Imperial Councils and gradually to assume a share In Imperial responsibilities. The Fathers of Confederation hare been followed by the Premiers of Canada, Sir John Thompson, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, and now Sir Robert Borden.
The Imperial Conferences.
m
JLZœ
<
tîm

bly.
E

If you do not have ice and wish to





f

£
I
l
* ' ;



f'* w.vJWft
R
«*

Cut them in halves,
14
m
WWH»
fcEOlMEtfT CHVJBCH
¦H
V.- V. A
Rinse two
+
A RABBIT INDUSTRY.
Many Articles Are Knit From the Yarn of the “Angora.”
The long-haired Angora rabbit is a native of Asia Minor. Its name is derived from the province of Angora, where almost all the animals of whatever species have long, fine, silky hair. The long, thick wool of the Angora goat and the Angora sheep, indeed, has long been a well-recognized article of commerce. The Angora cat, which came originally from that region, is also remarkable for its long, beautiful fur.
The beauty of the Angora rabbit early attracted attention, and it was introduced into Europe over a hundred years ago. The peasants of Switzerland, Savoy, and Flanders have long bred the animal, and in those countries Angora rabbits are a source of considerable profit.
The soft, furry “Angora” caps and mittens that are so popular are knit from yarn spur> from the hair of the Angora rabbit. The hair is not sheared periodically, like the fleece of sheep but is combed off every few months. In the course of a year some three-quarters of a pound of hair, valued at more than two dollars, is obtained from a single animal. Not only caps and mittens, but stockings, wristers, scarfs, vests, leggings, socks, underwear, shawls, and other articles are knit from the soft warm yarn.
The Angora rabbit is not uncommon in this country. Adult rabbits bring from $3 to $5 a pair. The best Angoras are pure white with pink eyes, and their hair is ten or twelve inches in length. There are also gray Angoras with dark eyes, and black An-
An Imperial Cabinet.
t
a tea-
serve.
Lemon Rice Pudding.—Wash three-companied by a Bavarian colonel, and j fourths of a cup of rice and put into says*.	I a double boiler with three cups of
“It is certain that the trenches boiling water, adding more water if that I saw had not their equal on needed. The rice should take up all many of the fighting fronts. Every ; this water. When cooked set aside to conceivable comfort that is available cool. Add three lightly beaten yolks for a trench has been supplied, from of eggs, salt, a bit of butter and three shaving mirrors to four-post bed- j tablespoonfuls of sugar, grated rind steads. The fighting trenches differ, of lemon and milk enough to make from the connecting runway only in ' very moist. Bake forty-five minutes, being wider; and they are reinforced Beat whites with liberal half-cup of in front and rear with bags of sand i granulated sugar until stiff, add juice or plates of steel, through openings of one lemon, spread over pudding, in which the soldiers can use their ! and brown slowly.
over
ley.
All the Doom Thrown Open.
Before the spinning begins the fur Slice tomatoes with a bread knife , is picked over by hand. Bunches of
are then	a carding
Wash yellowed linens and bleach and worked up into long skeins. The
I spinner winds a skein loosely about

Bobby’s Ideas.
i
the threads from three spindles into one. The finished yam is wound upon a spool or made into • skein ready to be knitted into any desired article.
“So you are marrying the man of your choése?”
“Not exactly the man of my
their participation in any settlement.	.
which would follow the struggle and with itself, strong, but not brutal, in all subsequent policy. It	u«ked and yet tolerant towards all
Or X nally a yard meant the cir-
W
-Think
the way for the Dominions into the Imperial Cabinet Sir Robert Border^ the Prime Minister of Canada, the of
visit England
"It is
.* -4 “Well, the
enough clothes. The | simple enough," said the landlord.
wards the nations outside It,

A milky jug should always be
wouldn't
envy and
rinsed in cold water bef
Am
Hew their concept,should climate had to change. The
, end
Minister* to
u>
he
of

the
###PAGE###8###

Tie teille Boot and Shoe Store
THE 1919 CENTRAL CANADA
EXHIBITION
$25,000 I OTTAWA
/
New Styles
EXHIBITS
FROM HOME
IN PRIZES
I
10,000
FARM AND
A nice assortment of the latest styles in
September 10-18
FACTORY
FOR YOUR MONEY
DISPLAYS
Men’s and Youths’ Hats
THIS FAIR HAS A HEW $5,000 DOMINION GRANT
at reasonable prices.

1 7-lL

all added to utility classes of horses, cattle, sheep, swine and poultry
on live stock exhibits from Ontario and QuvIkt. Horse Races, Baseball Matches, Band Music, Live Stock Parades. Day Fireworks, Colossal Midway ; startimr and ending on the grounds. William S. Luck by. famous American aviator, in dally
FREIGHT PAID
Something new and up to date in
Wo do not see how much cheap trash we can sell you, hut we do try to see how much value we can give you for every dollar spent in our store.
Ladies’ Blouses and Collars
AEBOPLA1TB FLIGHTS I ITIOHT SHOWS
Presenting the eighth wonder of the world 11 THE B1HTH OF A NATION "
Gi illith s Stupendous $500,Ooo Motion Picture. Powerful Drama Linking History of American Civil Wav to Romance. Marvellous display by the International Fireworks Co
will be found at

E. B. CAYLER’S, PORTAGE DU FORT.
O
You always get great big values here
for little money.
Reduced railway rates. General admission 25c. (I for $L tickets on sale In advance. Grand stand seats reduced. Entries close Sept. 3rd. Write for Prize List, entry forms, programme, dollar ticket strips,
information to
E. McMAHON, Mgr
26 Sparks StM Ottawa.
Just Received I
A carload of Corrugated Iron Roofing
—which will bo supplied at about old price.
Roofing and Sheeting of all kinds
P. E. SMILEY.
We are ready for Your
p. s.
Always watch our tables for
bargains.
Spring and Summer Trade
¦ ¦
Supplied ns customers may require
Estimates furnished.
Furnaces and Bathroom Outfits
Always on hand-
Roofing,
Troughing,
And any Tin work required in building.
Sheeting
The simple gift that lends the V of friendship without the endian1 nient o/ an obligation yourph'»b>gr; Varions styles of fnlilvrs and m«»unti
H. 1mi'h>. Artist, King S
Few persons lire today, but are preparing to do so tomorrow.—Diderot.
i
GEO. E. WAINMAN
Carload of Sheet Iron just placed in stock.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
SHAWVILLE.
liig Loss From Insect Pests,
PRICES REASONABLE
From carefu calculations made by Fro*t, in M>mo localities <uftu*ient C. Gordon Hewitt, the Dominion En-to kill the move tender varieties of tomologist, it is estimated that the garden	visited (Ids section annual loss in Canada, due to the de-
oil Thursday night last. In tin* predations of insect pests on field, rear of Vfavendmi ami district vegetable, and fruit crops, live stock, northward, the damage wa- more stored grains, and forest products, is,
a conservative estimate, over $100,000,000 yearly portion of this loss could be prevented.
The prevention of this loss is largely a matter of knowing what Insecticides and fungicides to use, when to spray, or how to apply the patricular poison or preventive. Different types Df insects attack different plants, grains, vegetables, and must be dealt wiu in different ways.
G. W. DALE
r
PRACTICAL TINSMITH Shawville, Que.
Shawville Fair
severe than in this immediate Dn neighborhood
A very great
A FEW FALL BARGAINS
WED. THURS. FBI.
September 8, 9, 10, 1915
M. J. O'Brien, the well known millionaire contractor of Renfrew, will go in a few «lays to Rn-4a on a business trip Government contemplates building a number of railways and Mr. O’Brien with other C anadians will tender for parts of the work.— Smith's Falls Beconl.
To maKe room for Winter Stock.
The Kiissiiin
2 Farm Waggon Gears 2 in. tires reg. $65 *1 New Munro McIntosh Buggies $05
2 seat Express $1)5 2 Second hand Buggies, in gouil order, cheap, 1 at $5, 1 at $15 3Steel Barrows, regular price SI.75, to clear at 5 New Singer Sewing Machines (drop heads) reg. $15 Blue Belle Washers
$ I9.0U each
70.00
80.00
1

Jack Munro, who not many years ago aspired to be in the front rank of pugilism, and who as late as last summer was an active local politician in one of Northern Ontario's diver cities, has just been honored with an inti <><l net ion to Queen Mother Alexandra, in a soldiers’ ward in Vet ley Hospital, England. Jack
i- one ^uf several wounded men people it Is on tbe richt side there has n^"l V11; ii’uuess Rati n ias, in existed a suspicion tnat if n person be-•Y.ifisê ranks hé tva* OonspîctvMV caroe nmhMextrouf. or able to use both w iirii that regiment marched RautTs equally well, the speech eenTer \k
liim and his companions a speedy and complete recovery from their honorable wounds
RIGHT AND LEFT HANDED.
3.75
A Series of School Tests and an Ambidextrous Failure.
Ever since It was proved that In all right handed people the speech center of the brain—the place from which talking Is controlled—is on the left side of the brain and that In lefthanded
FAIR WEEK
Î3.50
8.811
Connor “
Wringers (3 year guarantee) prices right
(5 year guarantee)
1.75
at Dover’s
44
44
No. 3 Barrel ( hut ns
No. I
44
This year we are prepared more than ever to meet the demands of the people, with an extra large stock of
44
44
Martin Orme Pianos, reg. $450.00 1 Willis Piano (Model K) used 2 years, cost $425.00
I	Squat e Piano in good order
“ in need of a little repair
II	young and sound Horses at reduced prices.
All New Goods Guaranteed.
W9.U0
Very elaborate tests have shattered this hone.
¦X 6<$B
105.00
an specialist obtained the assistance of the school authorities and tried It out on nearly 3.000 school children. After n careful record was taken of each child's hand preference, speech ability and general capability all the children were told to try to use both hands. For many months an effort was made to have all the children become ambidextrous.
At the end of the test all the teach era and other observers agreed that though some of the children bad succeeded In becoming ambidextrous, the effort had worried them all and had
50.00
Men’s, Boys’ and Women’s Clothing, Dry Goods, Furnishings, etc.,
and we extend to you a cordial invitation to call in during Fair Week and look over our stock.
We have many Specials for Fair Week this year, which are too numerous to mention. Our clothing has not been raised in prices, as we are still selling our new goods at old prices, and our assortment is second to none in Pontiac. x
W.no
1
44
NOTICE
All partit- aw hereby respectfully
notified that 1 will not lie held re*)*nibble for the payment of any debts contracted in my name, by any iierson nr person* whomsoever, without my written order.
Your Inspection Solicited.
G. A. HOWARD.
M. KAWHOFSF
Shawville, August 3* ». P.U
shown no advantages manually or In speech that In any way recompensed for the trouble taken
AGENTS WANTED
CANADIAN ^ PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO
NOTICE
Consequently the scientist has decided that nature Is doing pretty well with her own system of left side speech and right hand preference.—Saturday Evening Rost
—TO SELL—
Owing to complaints having lievn made with regard to electric wiring, the Council lias decided to supply electric current to those only who have their wiring done by the Corporation electrician.
mcintosh red apple trees
and other specialties in general Fruit and Ornamental Nursery Stock.
We offer for the season of 1015 and 101(1 a splen lid list of hardy varieties suitable for Quebec planting.
Labor Day
:anada is making
50,000 SHELLS DAILY
W. .1. FAFFS,
Mayor
Monday, Sept. 6, 1915.
Liberal commissions. Exclusive terri-
iLoweet one-way tlr-t-<¦!«*, fare j	free ouim- Wrl,v ,ur
turning Monday, Sept flth only Lowest one-way	fair mid
one third, going Saturday, Sunday and Monday, Sept 4tli, 5th and 6th. Return limit, Tuesday, Sc|>-teinber 7th.
In the production of munitions of ,ar in Canada 146 factories are now •ngaged on the $152,000,000 order >laced here for the British Govern-
Î»..... ......... sr ttacvuMazz
ocl.H k, p. in., «»! the iUt instant, for h%Tt are at least $i0,000,000 worth the sweeping and dusting daily, firing ,f munitions being produced for the when needed, and scrubbing at least Russian Government four times during school year, of the fourteen Schools of the Municipality of
Clarendon.
Caretakers Wanted
STONE AND WELLINGTON
Fonthill Nurse:lcs ) (Established 1*37>.
TORONTO
ONTARIO
Mr. D. A.
Thomas, representative of the British Government la Canada, has Inspected ill our munition factories In Ontario ind the other Eastern provinces, and a as stated that their capacity and effl-:lency have been a revelation to him ind further great orders are a cer-
iuctlon of sheila amounts to 30,000 ?er day, and soon will reach 60,000. The production of flsed ammunition aaa been greatly increased, and will icon overtake the output of empty shells.
Tenders for Caretaking
Tender* will lie received for the work of earvtaking in the Shawville Academy for the *chola*tk year 1915*16. Duties to commence Sept. 1*t. Tender to state salary ex;#eeted per year. For further particular* a* to duties required, etc., ply at the ofBce of the Secretary. IjYnder* mu at lie in the hands of the Sec.-Treasurer on or before Thurwlay, the 26th day of August, 1915
K. T. HUDGINS,
See. Tow
All our Fall Goods are now in stock. Goods that are made up to a standard and not down to a price.	>
Canadian National Exhibition
Toronto, Ont.
Aug. 28th to Sept. 13tJi, 1915.
m. a. McKinley,
A*st. her.-Trem*
Shawville, August 6, 1915
VÎ
Already the Canadian pro
Tenders for Hardwood
ap

Lowest one-way ttrat-elas* fare and one third, good going A tig. 28th to Sept. 7tii. Return limit Sept. 15th.
For further Can. Fac. Hy.
Tenders will lie received up to Thursday. the 26th of August, 191ft, for ten cord* of block Imrly Ran I wood—maple and birch, to he delivered at :he Shaw ville Academy on or before Sept. 3o,



ARCHIE DOVER
Cost of Raids.
The amount thus far awarded for lamages for air raids and bombardments In Britain Is £90,038.
particular* apply nt.
K. J. HEBERT.
1st A««t. l*enl. 4’srr. Agent.
Montreal. Que
to any

Equity Advts. Pay. j
E. T. HODGIXK
Sec. Trea*







