###PAGE###1###

O
No. 19. 33hd Year
S K AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV. 4. 1915
81.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE
-
*N
The Bank of Ottawa.
Tl]e Merchants Barl\ of Canada
THE HARDWARE STORE
ESTABLISHED 1874
Head Office : - Ottawa, Canada,
8 4,000,000 4,978,290 60,000,000
EfttablUhed 1864
GET READY
OFFICERS î
Sir II. Montagu Allan . .. If. XV. Blackwell ......E. F. Hehdex
PRESIDENT .. . VICE-PRESIDENT GEN. MANAGER
Capital Paid Up •
Rest and Undivided Profits Total Assets over •
.
Paid up Capital.....................
Reserve Fund and Undivided Profits Total Assets........................
2J9 Branches and Agencies in Canada.
A SAVINGS BANK ACCOUNT
Of One Dollar and upward» draws Interest at best current rates
Branches at Shawville and Quyon
Acting Manager, Shawville Acting Manager, Quyon.
$7,000,000
7,245,140
80,100,400
W e have Intel a few reminders of the approaching cold weather ; there i- always considerable fixing up to do at this season, and right now is the time to do it. Von will need some of the following lines:
Glass, Putty, Nails,
Paint, Stovepipe Varnish,
Locks, Latches, Hinges,
Door Hangers, Hasps, Staples,
Cow Chains, Stall Fixtures Axes, Handles and Saws, Weather Strips for doors and windows, j Storm Sash Hangers and Buttons
Our stock in above lines is very complete of best quality fair prices '
When you want Hardware come to our store.
Board of Directors s
JOHN B. FRASER
HON. GEORGE BRYSON,
President
Vice-President
DAVID MACLARBN,
DENIS MURPHY,
HON. SIR GEORGE H. PBRLEY K. C. WHITNEY.
SIR HENRY N. BATE, RUSSELL BLACKBURN SIR HENRY K. EGAN,
t
GEORGE BURN, General Manager
D. M. FINNIE, Asst General Manager W. DUTH1E, Chief Inspector.	_
W. F. DRUM A. A. REID
Fort Coulongo Branch • B. F. CHILTON, Manager. Campbells Bay Branch • R. LEGER. Manager. Portage du Fort Branch - A. H. MULHERN, Manager
HENRY’S
“ Business as Usual ”
Births
At Stoughton, Busk., October 25,1 has made the attendance at the
* Mr. arul Mnc lleibie W. Rich-1
COWLING S?T /!/)
Make your kodak story autographic. Date and title every negative at time of exposure. Autographic kulaks from 87.00 up. H. 1 raison, King St.
W. J. Stark, handles points and soles for the following makes of Plows :— Massey Harris, Frost à Wood, Cock-shut, Floury, Wilkinson, Pereival and Perrin.
1


j
ardson, a son
Ottawa, Ont

At Schumacher, Ont., dn Oct 2Sth, to Mr. and Mrs. Geo. L Corrigan, a son.
Since January. 101 J, more than 23Ô students have come lo us from other local business colleges.
Our Civil Service record of FIRST. SECOND, and FOURTH places for all Canada lias never been equaled.
Do not these facts indicate undoubted superority f
Our instruction ladtig individual, you may begin at any time.
OTTAWA, ONT
i
J. H. SHAW.
the best in the history. Why not take advantage of the dull times and prepare forth* Wave of prosperity that |# bom
Mias AIva Turner, who hns !>«*r*n If° sweep over the Groat Country when
j the war Is over f
Write for Free Catalogue.
II. G. W. Braithwait Prin,
Personal
We have about seventy five boxes, very suitable for packing fowl for shipping purposes. Will be sold at a bargain. P. E. Smiley.
Mr. William Hudgins has pur-	ltl
chased the Dowd elevator, which Mh« Annie Luimm of C ampbells he intends re-modelling to provide Hay who has been attending school
cold storage facilities. He is now v£,e» w,ent V* hospital last in the market foi all kinds of farm '' ednmmy where she has under-
°Per#ti0n fOV th,0#t| We »i«h the |<eo,i|e t<> know we still
asm m
t he goblins for the eustoiiinry brother b<>rnef lias al^o enlisted Mf. Hviijaihiii Jouib one ot the Hallow een eccentricities thm year with the 77th Butt.	i-ioneer re.identn ot Thorne west,
iitll BP lüü L&-
man behind the gun in this vase. ln ret01 d UleHkmg tlme'	i®",*,?8!? ut h,s "e'ghboie. and who
---- ---- will be greatly missed from the
Fourteen carloads of assorted	M .	community which has known him
live stock left here on Saturday	marriea.	for many years
afternoon, four of that number	_	second wife) and a large family of
having been loaded at Campbells The marriage of Miss Elizabeth sons and daughters, all grown up, i Bay and the remainder at this A. Richardson, of this place. | survive to mourn his departure.
station. This is one of the largest daughter of the late Mr. Richard	- FOR SALE—1 Clyde Gelding 2 years
shipments ever hauled on the : Richardson, to Mr. David Me- Included in the chapter of last old ; 1 Fillv 1 year old, and I Foul (Filly.) Pontiac line from this point by a Culloch, manager of the Quyon week’s local events, was one whieh Will be sold cheap, on terms to suit pur-
single train.	Milling Co., Quyon, was solomnized brought a pang of regret to many Amdf'toV J G. m Shawv lie u!i?e 5
, „ . in the afternoon at 4 o clock, on hearts, namely, the passing from p >	... -v .
The Elmside Homemakers Club Wednesday, October 27, 1915, at our midst of à lady held high in --------
will meet at the home ot Miss the Methodist Parsonage, Aylmer, the esteem and respect of the FOR SALE—A Two-Speed Big Twin Alice Day is, >\ ednesda v, Nov. the Rev. D. A. Lough, ofticiating. community—Miss Margaret Hanna “ Indian -Motor Cye le. and Side Car. In 10th at 2 o clock p. in. Subjects ; The bride was becomingly attired who peacefully closed her eves in first-cla** running order. An excellent
Systematic housekeeping by Mrs. i„ a travelling suit of blue doth, death's embrace nt 11.13 Sunday	A^Tv'Xn Mh°H V
aa.MUSrstt'sr^ süjt ju “ssæîï	. ISfrBr*- -• *4f
Roll call ; Helpful Inn ta on house- Among those u resent were Mr. period of illness, attended with -
keeping.	ami Mrs. W. J. Boland of Quyon, much suffering, which was borne / ,ovcnFTFrr i vfrts pipfk vvn
The several hunt clubs of this *nd Miss Lonsdale, of Aylmer, with marked patience an.l Christ-, L earbm*» for well, m.'i.i at Work-section returned from their re- -Mr. and Mrs. McCulloch left ini-1 mn resignation. Her transition to Contracts mmle with Municipalities to m wet i vp stamninff gmunds last med lately After the ceremony for the life beyond was long con tern- manufacture Pipes in their own localities, week, after enjoying pleasant	<>ttawa en route	for	Watertown,	plated by the deceased with the	H. T. M< Dowell & Son. Shawville. Que.
outings the weather on the whole	New York, to spend	their	honey-	full assurance of participation in
having * been very favorable- ™(Km bet?,re burning to résilié at the endless joys that await those i,osT-Taken from the Ladles' Depart-rather mild in fact to keep game	Quyon.—I om.	who have ëtriven to keep the faith,	raent of the Exhibition	Hall during
from smiling. Some of the parties	___ _____ hence as the hour of dissolution	Shawville Fair, one pair of	Embroidered
ïmsss Jtir&r sa „¦*»	*> h seæss,* »bra
poorly. Usually the case.	the 8h#wville Homemakers Club

æ
visiting with her friend Muriel Beamish, in Renfrew 1 turned on Friday last.
I). E. HENRY, President Cor. Bank and Sparks S
W. E. Gowmng Prln.
W. A. HODGINS
Ilf	BUSINESS	wm
W ILLIS COLLEG F
¦ ¦ CIVIL SERVICE ”
The School of Kfticiency for tho-e who demand the best Catalogue on request.
N. I. HARRISON, Principal.
Cor. Bank and Albert Sts.
OTTAWA, ONT.
SHAWVILLE
Deaths
Get your Supplies for Winter.
Coarse Salt Tar Felt 10 & 16 oz. 3c. lb Eddy’s Sulphite 4c. lb.
Putty.
80c
NOTICE—For adoption of a big. strong, healthy Baby Boy. one year old. Good home desired. Address :	The Home
:*7 Turner St., Ottawa. Ont.
A widow (his
Nails
Glass
Palacine ” Coal Oil, the best Lamp Oil. We keep nothing else. It costs 4c. more than third grade, and 2c. more than second quality oil, but we sell it at 25c, per gal— 5 gals for $1.10.
I
Raw Linseed Oil Paint
Machine	Oil
Separator	Oil
Harness	Oil
Oil
Mina Hanna was a consistent
will oe held at the home of Mrs. member of the Anglican Comma- ! If you want a picture of the Academy A missionary meeting was held R W. Hod gin* on b rida y, Nov. mon, and as a faithful attendant1 ami pupils secure one now while the the Methodist Church on Thurs- 5th at d p m. I mgrnm-Sewing, Qf Paul* church, and diligent price is low. An 8x10 picture for tVOc^ day evening last at which very by Mrs. D. A. Baker ; Roll call ; co-laborer in its work, including	h In ikon
interesting addresses were deliver- Exchange of salad recipes.	that of the Sunday School, she
.....—IL
A .... in connection	g	...*	' ..« I I
SkwS TS-ste' n,
ïÊmmmàÊmmwBM
things, the gathering adjourned The surplus sheep product* of *,er aged father, Mr. Andrew H.iiv tive*, whohave'the deepest sy m to the church (Haifa mile distant) the back township* plodded their *»» ^ho	Iww'1 the rtl‘ pethy of the neighborhood in then
where the musical and literary way out to the ?hipping point* lotted * pen of lira.	{ sudden bereavement,
feature* of the program were along tie line of railway during	The funeral took piece on Mon
rteged In a manner that was the part two w eek*, and the The community in which she day afternoon to St. Paul s Church highly appreciated. Rev. Mr. , number was considerable. In view lived was exceedingly shocked and and was very largely attend'd MeCallum. of Shawville, contribut- of the prevailing abnormally high tilled with regret to learn that ' a fact which Notified to the nig! éd a speech to the progiaiu. The pi ice, those farinera who during Mr* Robert Corrigan of the 5th esteem in whiVh the deceased lad> chair wa* ably filled by the Rev, the p»*t year have gone in for in line, Clarendon, had suddenly and was held. The Rev. Mr. Irw Burst of Yarn*, |«dor of creasing their output may reason- quite unexpectedly pas-cel away conducted 1 he service, the church. Proceed 1 go toward ably congratulate themselves on about six o'clock on 80tuniav 1 The late Mrs. Cortigtifi vn the building repair fund.	J having exercised some foresight. , morning last, she having retired years old._I
111
Important to Farmers
Dp. William’s Fly Exterminator
at
Shawville, I am prepared to handle all kinds of Farm Produce at the
WM. HUDGINS
The great specific for vermon on cattle and horses, the most effective and easiest applied remedy for cleaning hen houses and stables for winter Used by Dom. Experimental Farms and Dairymen everywhere. We have it in gallons, half gallons and quarts.
yea rs
wn


W.A. HODGINS
John
-


###PAGE###2###
t “Hullo, Mill!” he said cheerfully as bare foot was tucked up under her; ho passed.	the other lay stretched out on the
There was no answer, and he saw rock, the smooth, clear skin wet and her shoulders shake a little; she was glistening in the sun. He sat still crying. He turned back.	| for a long time, looking at her very
“Why, what's wrong? Uncle been solemnly; then he bent down and nagging again?"	stroked the little naked foot. It was
She lifted up a tear-stained face. 'he first voluntary caress that he had "I'm to stop in . . . all the after- «iven in his life to any human
noon! And I did want to gt> and take c,cature Daisy to bathe: Dr. Jenkins ordered her sea-baths!"
There's a Subtle Charm
about the delicious Flavour of
The Syrup of
a Hundred
Uses
Oïl

Of course, “Crown Brand” is your favori té Table Syrup. Of course, you enjoy its delicious, appetizing flavor with Bread, Pancakes and Hot Biscuits.
But what about 'Crown Brand” iu the kitchen ? Do you use

(To be continued.)
——*---------
RURAL FIRE PREVENTION.
Daisy, the broken-nosed doll lying on the grass beside her, was too far gone for any sen-baths to help, or, for that matter, to injure; but Molly could scarcely be expected to realise that.
iV
llow to Reduce Fire Loss on the Farm
and in the Village.
B106
This flavour is unique and never found in cheap, ordinary teas. Let us mail you a sample. Black, Mixed or Green.

EDWARDSBURC
Farmers and villagers should be "It's a jolly shame!" said Jack in- among the most active of lire protec-dignantly; he had been kept in so tionists. While most villages have often himself that he could feel for some fire fighting system, few have her. "Poor old girl! What had you paid departments. Living isolated been doing?"	from auto pumping fire engines,
- ??.e <luestlon nought a burst of chemical and other apparatus, and fire
alarm boxes, the farmer or the villager must constitute himself an in-

u
*>


STEERING A BIG STEAMER
FRENCH AVIATORS' TACTICS
tears.
"I hadn't done anything! I wouldn’t
mind if I'd been naughty, but I hadn’t!	,	A tA . .	..
It’s all because Mary Anne’s cooking, dividual fire department. It is in the
autumn and winter when the stoves,

Captain Gives Orders From the Roof
or the Bridge.
Airmen Fly in Flocks WI.en Harassing Germans.
and uncle says I mustn't go alone.*'
ass;
"Emma's away from home, and is tho price of safcty
S,,h2r,„7i"’tir^,n „ *-». r„,„	.„,T h„r
would have been just the autno. It'a have * ato!e room ml°, which, dur-not fair."	mg the cold months, rubbish and de-
Jack’s forehead contracted; this bris are thrown indiscriminately, was an echo of his own grievance. Newspapers, rags, old clothes, etc.,
Either things should be arranged ac- constituting the most inflammable cording to convenience, and there collection, arc thrown into this room, should be no rewords and punish- usually the worst-from the fire pro-
l~.ir .tt«dp.l«-l. Ih, huuuc.
Uncle, and, apparently, uncle's God, Moat villagers use the kerosene lamp had a very elaborate system for deal- or Possibly a tallow candle while ing with offenders according to their searching in the cellar or store room, deserts; hut the practical result of it The lamp or candle is put down, a rat seemed always to be that, if you were runs out, and, in the excitement, cs-unlucky, you were punished for your pecially if a woman is present, the misfortunes He glanced at the sun- light is frequently knocked over, and
S Knglish, Zrl%ST%t-m.king	cour” hun" ^»uld one of our machines attempt
CH APTER III.—(Cont'd). I all. were temporary and unimportant; Jack, who was generally the most	lnt0 (lu(ks aad crannies, dreds or thousands of miles before her, to pass t rough the meshes of Hus net
Jack had one secret; only one, and he had never realized before how few unsociable of boys, made	no diflficul-	building nests close to chimneys and	then onc wouid suppose that	there	*“e	VX() ¦ renc" aviators who happen
that so simple and so plainly written j of the twenty-four hours they filled, ties; so the two children	went down	Hues. ( himney swallows, nesting in	was nothing for the wheelsman	to do ^)0 nearest attack it simultaneously,
in his face that anybody could have , how wide and wonderful were those	the steep lane together, Jack a little	the stacks, knock the mortar from the	\>ui	put her on	the right track	and	one from abov® and the other from
read it who had looked at him with | remaining. Sunday passed, and Mon-	sobered and trying not to feel disap-	bricks and make holes through which	then	hold the	rudder steady	Hut	helow.. If that is not sufficient, two
unprejudiced eyes. Hut there were day, Tuesday, W ednesday; and the	pointed, Molly trotting beside him,	sparks find their way to the sparrow's	»u;s	will not do	at all The steamer	more others fly to their assistance.
raEwHS	i-smr&vz s whii swîa
k no wl edged it to himself, and would played no tricks and given no trouble lightful even than the flashing water •'tar* a	...	, ., straight course, no matter how stiad- £*ntr®8» ra‘w®y stations and camps
have been amazed and indignant had j either at home or in school. Four itself was Molly's joy in it. With	AU flues and chimneys should be	ily the rudder may be held.	The	French air service is organized
any one suggested it; but it was true, j consecutive days without so much as amazement he discovered	that this	examined before the fires arc lighted Perhaps the wind catches her bow	*nto	w^at they call squadrilla, which
nevertheless. Though in some ways, a reprimand were a new record in his	little creature, whom he had always	in autumn. Water should be drawn	amj	pusheg it 8i0Wiy aroUnd or	the	is thoroughly practiced in manoeuvr-
especially impish ways, he got a fair life; according to his social traditions	looked down upon, possessed, at nine	at night and placed in pails where it	w v	\ her	to ono Mc or	tho	ing together like a fleet at sea. In an
amount of enjoyment out of life, there and standard of conduct a disgraceful years old, a sense of beauty to which will not freeze. Roofs should be ex	1	ti 0 in ¦	|
. S'SJFiHEïréS EHBiEHrÈ 3
night came because another day was	he held in contempt, and had not even	of the green waves dashing up be-	* ..	,ro° Ba0U*d	mof* care
over; to hide every little hurt and	found it out, so absorbed he was in	tween wet rocks and flinging showers	. y	kept room in the roeeeg MM
grief away for fear some one should	the joy of life, in splendors of sun-	of bright spray into the sunlight. He	mice	and squirrels should be cleared
find it out; to have his hand against	light and starlight, in shining sands	took her to a favorite spot of his; a	out.	Lanterns should be kept filled,
every	man	and	every man's hand— and glittering foam.	narrow rock platform on which one cleaned and with wicks of proper
often	so heavy—against him, seemed I On Monday night there had been a	could kneel beside a hole in the gran-1 length. A dirty, short-wicked lan-
to him a matter of course; if he	thunderstorm; and he had slipped out,	He, and look through into a cavern	tern,	full of oil is a bad fire hazard,
thought about it all, he thought only	unobserved, into the roaring black-	far below where the water foamed and	am	dpil(j herbage should h* removed
that the world was stupidly managed	ness of the moor, to lie bareheaded on	thundered. As he knelt with his arm	*u t._tl	. , .. ..
was no use to ; the heather in a torrent of rain,	about her, holding her carefully so j “om,th? hoV8! and out-buildmgs.
couldn’t make Then had come Tuesday, soft and cool	that she should not fall, he felt the "Parks travel far on a winter gale
and silver-grey, with tender shad-	little body quiver against his side, and> alighting on dry herbage, are
lger of the soul ows over land and sea, after the tur-	and drew her back from the edge of dangerous. Bonfires are a bane.
Some details of the mode of operations of the French aviators on the western front are given in a letter from a Hungarian aviator serving with the German armies in France. “The French airmen," he writes, now fly usually in flocks or squads of considerable strength, both for reconnoitring purposes and for attacking our aviators who are on reconnaissance duty. Am the French possess a huge number of machines and block our way systematically we have had to follow their example. Some pitched battles between comparatively large fleets of aeroplanes are thus among the possibilities of the immediate future.
for Gingerbread, Cookies, Cakes, Pies and Sweet Sauces for all kinds of Puddings?
Do you always use it for Candy-making}
Try it in all these ways. You'll find “Crown Brand " Com Syrup handy, convenient, economical, dependable, good.
•‘LILY WHITE” is just what its name implies—a clear corn syrup—more delicate in flavor than “Crown Brand'*, that is equally good fur the table and tor candy-making.
ASK YOUR GROCER—IN 2, 5. 10 AND 20 POUND TINS.
The Canada Starch Co. Limited,
is entering port, drawing up to a wharf, or leaving one, or threading her way through a crooked channel, he is pretty sure to have his hands 1, full. The captain gives his orders as he stands upon the roof or on the bridge, the wheelsman throws the helm this way or that, and the boat sweeps round a short curve, or turns sharply to the right or left to avoid a collision. The engineer, also, must do his share in guiding her. Down in the engine-room is a bell, or very often a small steam whistle, connected with the bridge and the pilot house by a cord or a wire. One stroke of the bell or one short blast of the whistle
means "go ahead," or if the engine is ,	,	, .	. , ,
already in motion, "atop;" two means	T TT ‘V
¦ ¦ M ¦ I " I of 1,000 feet and patrol our line. An
equal number rise to 9,000 feet and fly along our front, taking the opposite direction from the first group.
a.
45k 9
Montreal.
II
II
The Vicar’s Nephew ;
"When the French desire to prevent us from carrying out a reconnaissance
or The Orphan’s Vindication
II
I
11
other. Or perhaps the propeller is attack on a German land position the not perfectly true and pushes ^quadrilla consists of a very power-sideways ever so little, or there may machine which leads the way, a he some trifling defect in the model- f*w other scouts to see that the right ling of the hull, which is sufficient to direction is maintained and then the turn her from her path.	bomb-carrying machines. The squad
Whatever it may be the first thing is handled very skilfully." -	-
one knows she is out of her course, and the rudder must be used to bring her bach. Every time she varies from a straight line her voyage is lengthened a little, and every time the rudder is swung to port or starboard it acts as a drag and her speed is reduced.
Rats,
*
THE EVENING STAR
somehow, and that it was no use to the heather worry, because one things any better.
It was this secret hunger of the soul	ows over land and	Vllâ-	______
that had driven him	to seek his loves , bulent glories of	the	lightning	god.	the hole
outside of human companionship. The Surely there was never any world so bleak grey Cornish moorland was a beautiful, or any boy so Ti tenderer mother to him than Aunt splendidly alive.
Sarah, with all her kindly heart, had ever been. ~
mischief failed to help and even fight
ing could not cure the aching restless- iight'it was a day of "jewels ;""a "day^of . ....-_____
ness within him, he	would slip away	sapphire sea and	diamond	spray, of	lives	down there?"
and wander on the	cliffs alone for	skylarks singing	in	the	far	blue
hours. Then he would lie down In
.. i «	«	»«..%• wmiivvwiii i iuiiiimik \mi	wxffwsi iv uiv i vv i unu nuum
some still, shadowy gorge or cleft, and yellow gorse; a day of peace on earth derful things. They fed bury himself in the wet fern, and find and	goodwill—even—toward
comfort somehow.	OTMllNL
So, blind as he was and groping in such a day the dark, he had learned to know and love the healing touch of nature.
Then, when the mavis flew away, his eyes were opened, and whereas he was blind, now he saw.
For a long time he sat by the window, looking out; at last he undressed
Gunners Believe Jupiter Is An Aeroplane Searchlight.
Jupiter, looming up especially brilliant in the eastern sky not long after sunset nowadays, has been frequently mistaken for the searchlight of an aeroplane flying over Paris. Gunners at the front have made the samt mistake and prepared to train their anti-aircraft weapons against it.
The well-known astronomer, Abbe Moraux, says he has received a great many letters from them asking particulars about this great light in the east, brought to their notice for the first time by the war. Abbe Moreux infers from the mass of correspondence received that thousands of sol i diers obliged to pass the night undei the open sky, are acquiring an interest in the wonders and beauties of nature that otherwise they would havi passed their lives without.
Most persons who have large yards Ho frightened! I won’t let could well afford to build a small fur-appy, so you fall.”	naee of brick, covering the stack with
Then he saw that it was not fear wire netting, and thus burn the refuse
ïites as : iErHEE S&P eus a» s&tr &
"Jack,” she said, “do you think God
The best wheelsman is the one who is most vigilant to notice and correct the slightest deviation before it can seriously affect the vessel’s progress.
terns used in barns should be hung where stock cannot kick them over.
When the tide ebbed he took her 1 At aV times, the lantern should be heights and sunbeams flaming on the down to the reef and showed her won- kept in a safe place.
WÊÊÊM	¦ ¦_ Jt	A Small Electric Torch
p Tür -=- ; EH sESH.’S ¦	7-t - - -
Jack was up with the dawn and on excitement; and drew the bait up ness- Matches should be kept in u tarth*d ’>	trench warfare
the beach before sunrise. It was low aKa'n, half-devoured, to see the ane-1 tin box tightly covered and placed arnl has confronted medical science water, and he scrambled out on to mone “turn sulky" and shrink into a out of the reach of small children.	another riddle which Metchni-
the long, jagged reef which had caus- shapeless lump of jelly. They un- No member of the family should koff, Sir Almworth Wright, Dr. Cared so many wrecks that the precipice dcessed Daisy and bathed her solemn- search in cupboards or drawers with cel, and other famous scientists arc .
till	Iftiif
eyelashes. He found it out himself, Painted arms In one corner was a ro<* P00'-	ping" out into the room, causes many lnK and reaped a rich harvest of the^ern'*n ®oldler,
though, in the morning, and was fairy forest of zoophytes, with a sea-	Molly threw a cherry stone into the	flre8. The place for ashes is a metal	dead. Its mortal activities have	Pared with the well-set-up and admir-
ashamed for a moment. Then he look- snail trying earnestly to force a pass	pool; and presently Jack heard her	can and the place for the can ig where	hitherto set at naught the profundity	, "My equipped soldier of just over ,
mm mwmmm
ed in solemn clouds and mystery. Of some two inches long, slipped out an<1 ^ere were sea cherries all over finer kinds, hold heat for a long time, with greater earnestness or more 1(>nger properly paid. Instead of coin course there were the usual annoy- through the sea-weed, and began to	lte " \ * And onc daX the shrimp	The foregoing cautions may seem	effect than at the magnificent Ameri-	lae cealm, they are paid with
inces; church on Sunday, school on swim round and round the pool, glit-	came by ami saw the sea cherries,	g^ple, but are frequently forgotten,	can Ambulance Hospital at Neuilly	counters; these are accepted by the
week-days, family prayers and Bible- j taring in pink and silver. He plung- '	ÜlhV	°A It is the unusual that often happens, by the gates of Paris, yet in the words *rmy canteens, but by nobody else.
He lifted the little creature and No, I don't mean fibs—of course, think of the dangers. One sharp- staff, W e feel we stand where we did held it in the sunshine, watching the everybody tells fibs; I mean stories eyed boy is as good as a fire depart- before Lister discovered antiseptic flashing colors pass and change along about shrimps, and cherries, and ment.—Conservation^^^^^^^^^ treatment.”
its sides as it plunged and struggled! in his hand. Then suddenly he saw I N- HP how beautiful it was, and pu* it gently a <?H?vtlon back into the water, and let It dart "^by» no. away. One had no right to interfere I	was quite abashed
with a thing whose body was made ,, 0h; ,w,e11; he *»,(i apologetically, all of rainbows.	I 1 couldn't know, you see. I thought,
perhaps, as you're good, and she likes
NEW MICROBE OF TRENCHES
Army Surgeons Fight Blindly Against
War Bacteria.
A mysterious new microbe that
anemones

How German Soldiers Are Paid
It was Oliver Cromwell who first instituted the Board of Trade.
Elsie—"Papa says he thinks he gave you quite a start when you asked foi my hand.” that a start! He reached me before I got to the door!'*
WE PAY
HIGHEST
PRICES
FOR RAW
I FREE
things?”
She looked round, shocked at such
Jack—“Oh, I don't cal’
A b
y on mischief bent may straight to the bad.
HUNGRY FOR W AR NEWS

go
r*gu*a
Ul
e.nd other rateable Into*»
cfbeauL'alfar wt&AaSW*. V ment», also “TraMri lai
—•, twVJ***'
fêt—a. %u	Sen! ruse A «drew,
JOHN MILAN uîîfrto. TofoN-iil
Slavs Have Now Taken Strongly to Reading Newspapers.

So intense is the interest in the war among the Russian peasants, says a writer in the Novoe Vremya of Petro-grad that every train stopping at a wayside station is besieged by peasants of both sexes and all ages stretching their hands to the passengers at the windows and crying: “< e us a paper!”
Before the war the Russian peasant looked upon a newspaper as a material for rolling up a cigarette. Now he reads it to learn a little more about the great war in which his heart lies. Every bit of old newspaper is received as a crust of bread by a starving beggar. This prompts the writer to advocate the establishment of a great
o
AN IDEAL TONIC
His hand was still lying in the wa-
SÜÜpK»
.t the ebbing tide.	went to sleet) with her tumbled head
Starting off after early dinner, against her arm. Jack put her hat uith a pocketful of cherries and a over her eyes to shade them from the drag-net for deep rock pools, he came sun, and sat still, looking out across upon Molly sitting alone in the gar- the blue, shimmering i den with her head buried in the big sently he turned and look lavender bushjHHH
you
she an-good,
\\ hen your head is dull and heavy, your tongue furred, and you feel donc-up and good for nothing, without knowing what is really the nutter with you, probably all that is needed to restore you to health and
vigour is a few doses of a reliable _	FOM THE	digestive tonic and stomachic rem-
STOMACH AND LIVER cdy such as UothcrScigcVs Syrup.
Take it after each meal for a few
pays and note how beneficial is its action upon the stomach.liver and bowels— how it restores tone and healthy activity to these important organs, and by 80 du,n6 enables you to gain new stores of vigour, vitality and health.
i
/
(
¦to
V,
PRESIDENT
SUSPENDER
MOTHER
SEIGEL’S SYRUP
“People's Paper,” to be run by the Stats, not only as a newspaper for the
NONE SO EASY
The new 1 00 size contain three times as
sold at SOc per bottle
A as the trial size
ad down^Jt I maaaa# hungering for news, but also BmATQne as a means to popular education.
N «
She was fast asleep.
Molly
###PAGE###3###
X
MONK’S COLLARS POPULAR.
OLDEST FRENCH SOLDIER.
ILL MOTHERS NEED
Lumbago’s Misery Ceases, Every Aching Muscle Cured
In the fashion world it is just as futile to ask “what will not the designers think of next 7” as it is to ask what they will think of next. The two queries are synonymous, inasmuch as a designer’s field is limitless and him imagination infinite. One of the latest popular creations is the
At 72 Fights for France the Second
Time.
MAGIC

*
r
According to the Paris Figaro the
oldest volunteer in the French army
is Alcide Verd, born in April, 1843, at
Rompont (Ardeche). He already has
Not necessary to drug inside! celebrated his seventy-second birth-
rhat awful stifTness that makes you day when he became attached to the yelp worse than a kicked dog will ho
cured—cured for a certainty, and quicklv, too, if you just rub Nervi line.	_
Rub Nerviline right into the sore Forty-seventh Territorial regiment, spot, rub lots of it over those tortured and Verd was so insistent on going to muscles, do this and the pain will go. the front with the younger men that You see Nerviline is thin, not oily, the commanding officer finally con-
Therefore it sinks in, it penetrates Bented to enlist him for active through the tissues, it gets right to
those stiff, sore muscles and irritated
nerves that make you dance with
pain.___._____________________________
Their Strength is Taxed and They are Victims of Weakness and Suffering.
JUST RUB ON OLD-TIME “NERVILINE.”
:------> BAKING x
pWuLBISGUir^ PQVyDER
sGlC

When there is a growing family to care for and the mother falls ill it is a serious matter. Many mothers who are on the go from morning to night, whoso work, apparently, is never done, try to disguise their suffering and keep up an appearance of cheerfulness before their family. Only themselves know how they are distressed by backaches and headaches, dragging down pains and nervous weakness; how their nights are often sleepless, and they arise to a new day’s work tired, depressed and quite unrefreshed. Such women should know that their sufferings are usually due to lack of good nourishing blood.
They should know that the one thing they need above all others to give them new health and strength is rich, red blood, and that among all medicines there is none can equal Dr. Wil- (
Hams’ Pink Pills for their blood-mak-1 lng, health-restoring qualities. Every suffering woman, every woman with a home and family to care for should give these pills a fair trial, for they will keep her in health and strength and make her work easy. Mrs. G.
Strasser, Acton West, Ont., says: “I am the mother of three children, and after each birth I became terribly run down; I had weak, thin blood, always felt tired, and unable to do my household work. After the birth of my third child I seemed to be worse, and was very badly run down. I was ad-1
vised to take Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills.	..	....
I found the greatest benefit from the Journal c°8t pattern No. 9141 Pills and soon gained my old-time *™rt col'ar is excellent for cold or strength. Indeed, after taking them ! "lilder weather, for it can be turned I felt as well as in my girlhood, and d°w" and '«*ve the neck quite open, could take pleasure In my work. 11 The lower cd«e maY be either straight also used Baby's Own Tablets for my or shaped as desired. The sleeves are little ones and have found them a length with turn-back cuffs, and splendid medicine for childhood ail- the pockets are novelty and attrac-mente.”	lively made from the same piece that
You can get these pills through any forms the belt. The coat cuts in 7 medicine dealer or by mail at 60 cents 8*zes—34 to 1.6 size 38 requiring •>% a box or six boxes for $2.60 from The yards of 36-inch material.
Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock- j Patterns, 15 cents each, can be pur-ville, Ont.	chased at your local Ladies’ Home
Journal	or from the Home Pat-
tern Company, 183 George Street, Toronto, Ontario.
CONTAINS NO ALUM
We unhesitatingly recommend Magic Baking Powder as being the best, purest and moat healthful baking powder that it i» possible to produce All ingredients plainly printed on the label
MADE IN CANADA
sEWGILLETT COMPANY LIMITED
TORONTO, ONT. J
^^^^WWINNIPEO, MONTREAL ^^A
<0
recruiting bureau at Troyes. A detachment recently was sent from there to fill gaps in the ranks of the
THIS
on
y BAKING POWOrtA / ISCOMPOSEO Of THE' I FOLLOWING INGRIDI-i ENTS AND NONfOTHU \ PHOSPHATE BI-CAW-; XpNAiEOFXKlAAXQ/ STARCH S-
a

ere
ser-
vice
o
K^TAlNS NO /; '
The aged volunteer now is a soldier in the Seventh company of the You’ll get almost instant relief from i regiment, which is stationed some-muscle soreness, stiffness, aching, where in the trenches of the first joints, lameness or rheumatics by line of defence. He is doing his rubbing with Nerviline. It's a sooth- duty as efficiently as any of his
doeJ^burnor even sUin"the skin"' comradea in arma' who8e “"bounded
It’s the most harmless cure in the ,	iL ....	,
world for Lumbago, Back Strain or. has won through his vivacity and
Sciatica. It takes away the ache at never failing good humor.
once and ends your misery quickly. Alcide Verd has seen war before.
Now quit complaining—-don’t suffer He fought the fathers of his present another day-—Neryiline, that good, adversaries during the Franco-Prus-soothing old-time liniment will limber Bjan conflict, in which he took part up
ESaSi £	%
thousands of others sent into captivity in Silesia.

o-
TH1S THEFT WON A MEDAL.
His Specialty
“I’ve got the best memory of any-Jy in the community!” triumphantly cackled old Uncle Totterly.
xt	« | . .	, .	_	,	. I “Why, I can remember things on
News reached Blackburn England, ,moit everybody 'round here that
rf.ce" ly- that Lieut. W. Cooper, an they wish I’d forgotten 1” old Blackburn amateur footballer, has
been decorated at the front with the Military Cross for an act of remark- j able coolness and resource.
He was driving a mine 192 yards long under the German position, and had got within a few yards of his objective, when he broke into a German mine crammed with high explosives. '
For a moment he thought his party , were doomed, but he quickly cut the Baby’s Own Tablets will promptly wires leading to the German trenches, cure constipation of childhood. They an(j sending back for help proceeded act as a gentle laxative, regulate the to carry away the enemy's explosives bowels and stomach and are absolute- piecemeal.
ly safe. Concerning them Mrs. A. As the tunnel was very low, he and Crowell, Sandy Cove, N.S., writes: “I his men lay head to feet and passed can strongly recommend Baby's Own the stuff back from hand to hand.
Tablets to all mothers whose little ones are suffering from constipation.”
The tablets arc sold by medicine dealers or by mail at 26 cents a box from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co.,
Brockville, Ont.
admiration the spry septuagenarian
A
British Officer Stole Over a Ton of y Germans’ Explosives


Mliiard's Liniment Cures Garget In Cows
trial size costs but 26c. Any dealer anywhere can supply Nerviline.
The Prophet.
“Yes,” said the colonel pompously. “I am quite confident that the war will be over by October.”
“What year?” asked Bildad.
“Ah,” said the colonel, “that is another question.’’
:
vO
?
Y
TAUGHT BY THE HICKORY
CHILDHOOD
CONSTIPATION
How Dr. Wyeth Learned to Use His
Left Hand.
No. 9141
It is peculiarly fortunate for a swordsman, or a surgeon to be ambidextrous. Dr. John Allan Wyeth was not born to that good fortune, but he achieved it. How he did so, with the assistance of a long, lithe, extra tough hickory,—not applied in the manner that has rendered that useful tree so unpopular with boys,—he has related in his interesting autobiography, recently published.
When he was a boy of twelve, he attended school in a country school-house built on the backbone of a high, wooded ridge that overlooked the village. At recess one slope of the ridge was the girls’ playground, and the other the boys’; and boys and girls
met and played together on the sum- Herr Anton Fendrich, well known mit. A favorite sport was for the among German Socialists, describes
..	... .	______*________ boys to bend the tough young hickory jn an article published in the Frank-
With the will to conquer, we are	__	saplings down to the ground and furter Zeitung a conversation which
certain of victory. M. Poincare.	If 1C* patina	' seat themselves and their sweethearts he had with the Kaiser in the field.
The women of this country can	H /tl ICI Ldllllg	upon them for “ridey-horses.”
help us through to victory.-Mr.	"I had a sweetheart,” the doctor
II()>.1 George.	Y AH Hjll/P I nil!	acknowledges, “and her name was
Do not let doubt creep into your 1UU IMfC 1 OUI,	Mugg. Can you imagine in all the
.	IP*1.6 essential condition	Ça	L	A IJ category of names one more eug-
of victory is patience. M. Paul Cam-	ulOlîlûCii 11	A HI gestive of ugliness—I am almost ion8 0f the Kaiser agree in all points
.	SSsraSsS SHSâSüiî ES£r ,ss5S5 ». —1 LI 1
D.U.,,y-—”r; „	/	I k ;	who complain about their stomachs	prettiest girl in achool—to me.	conversation turned upon the French.	8ervatism, the Bank of England, has
All the easy talk or peace is but	hav# nQ ,tomach ailment at all. You	“There stood in our grove a sien-	Here the Kaiser’s sorrow was my	been invaded by women clerks. More
froth upon the water when such a	may 8Uffer from bloating, gas, sour-	der, graceful, tight-bark hickory sap-	sorrow. The Kaiser speaks quite pure	than 200 of them are now employed
storm as this is raging.—Mr. Austen	ncS8 and other unpleasant symp-	|jng> toughest of all tough timber,	French and had hoped, like all of us,	jn the bank in various forms of cleri-
Chamberlain.	toms. If so your best course is to	which bends but never breaks. It	and especially us people from Baden,	cai work. While it is the war that
Men and women must do all things	^ne up ‘he bowels, with s reliable	towered fully thirty feet to its top-	that with France first of all an agree-	gave women the opportunity of rein proportion They must be natural	moat bifurcation. There was no other	ment would be possible. We had	placing men of military age, it is also
as well as national. Bishop ofBirm-	^	^	wonderful corrective of all	Bke it, as there was no other girl	grievously overestimated the Gallic	war that created additional work at
to*»-	_	,	digestive and stomach disorders, like Mugg. I made up my mind that nation as well as all other nations, the bank through the war loan busi-
The secret of Germany s strength,	There	is no mystery about the quick	I would bend it to the ground, and ;	The French are a people passing	ness,
wealth, and efficiency may be sum-	effect	you get from Dr. Hamilton’s	that she should have it; and to the	through their decadence. Their con-	Women have been employed in the
med up in a single word: discipline,	pills.	They simply supply the addi-	top I climbed, twisted the terminal	duct of war is full of the most griev-	bank of England in the humble note-
—Mr. J. Ellis Barker.	I tional aid required by the system to twigs round my hands and wrists, ous horrors, full of such terrible 80rting capacity since 1896, but they i
The moment has come when, so enable it to do its work correctly.1 and BWUng boldly out into space to- things that only a private book of the had never before done clerical work.1-
far as personal expenditure is con-, You 11 enjoy	ward the ground. I had struck the war will ever be able to record them.| They often put in as much as 12 j
cerned, it has become a virtue to be thing you eat, look better, feel better, wrQ hickorv	“For half an hour the Kaiser—with j hours a day ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
stingy.—Mr. Herbert Samuel.	and ^digestion,—aA\ these benefits “Instead of swooping to the earth reluctance, but carried away by the Other English banks, it is stated,
A wholesome, good comic song come ^ an ^hat use Dr. Hamilton’s as I had anticipated, in a long, grace- horror of it all narrated to me now contemplate following the lead of very often helps a great deal in the pd|B Every man or woman with a ful curve, amid the plaudits of an ad- sworn facts about the behavior of the Bank of England, which, despite cure of our wounded soldiers—quite stomach ill is advised to spend 25c. miring throng, with a glance at Mugg French doctors, not only toward the ^s former prejudice against women, as much as a hymn.—The Bishop of on a box of this wonderful vegetable and her approving smile, I bent that enemy, but toward their own purpose. ha8 been historically known as the London.	remedy.	obstinate sapling not more than three France is a doomed country. The
,xzxtutinJLtsrz «— :ysstsutss.'s ns*”s¦ FUxs„dNow.
'C: a,„., tor P..,...,™, b, », zsirjs, UJ	p £ zJ F~d-
The true victory will not lie so much	Use of Matches.	had been hanging from a gibbet. I thought to be still chivalrous and no- ^ deodorized and used in Dr. JackIn the tactical gains on the battlefield No fewer than 683 fires, one million could not clamber back, for the arc	. .	. .	,	son’s Roman Meal. It’s the most	S
to-day as in the quality of the men and a half dollars damage to property of the circle described by the bending Th<" ®cconc /*pp£ poln 0 ?gree~ nourishing seed grown. It has al-j out pAln by our home treatment. Writ*
âhouM, ,h,,,„„.	bï'k.tss z wüsvi	ss iïTms'Ar ™. V”i
attention as a danger of primary im- for safety was disregarded in the .7	,	, t f r	d # guaranteed to relieve constipation or
On Properly .Selected hood. It lays pitance. Keep the matches away laughter at his absurd predicament. A	.	‘ f }P eDlritlian,. “money back.” It also nourishes bet-
„	........F r w&rS	-3	EHHH 5
srisrvjiyrs £	^	; snrs flf itrzj! ay i-a1r .=
health of the little folks will pay,	view* .	...	droP» the ground would catch him.. These were the main ideas about the
many times over, for the small trou-	. If *	cmvey	Before they realized that his plight	meaning of the war.	An inner fire
ble	in its horrid deUil the account of the	wa8 anything more than funny, I"»	illuminated the conversation	and it
A mother writes: “Our children are	in ,Ca"e" . w,.ere t,h‘rty"eiF1ht hold broke, and he did drop—slashing wa„ a, if 0,t,ide the garden fresh
all so much better and stronger than	children lost their lives, the excite-	through the limbs and against them	children’s voices were	singing, 'Oh.
they ever were before we made a	ment and nervoue tension, the loss of	in ,uch a way that when he reached	Germany, high In honor, thou	sacred
change in the character of the food,	property, the anguish of parents, the	the ground It was no longer feet fore-	land of loyalty!'"
Wu huve quit using potatoes three P"ln ?f the child, souse measure most. His outstretched right hand
«— - -d -—i	zdr"' h“ "*“ **“
“Now we	give the	little	folks	some	tJ‘eir children »*»'"•* matehee	as	The	fracture	was	mistaken for a
fruit, either	fresh,	stewed,	or	canned,	they would protect them against	a	sprain	and	waa	not	æt, and during
some Grape-Nuts with cream, occa- terrible and menacing enemy.	the prolonged pain and weakness that
STLT	r. e— n—	Sr-MS ’°Hk. -A "tit
U( r. Then for dinner they have some One of the most important features ambidextrous; and in after years, ap-meat and vegetables.	in connection with the control of for-	predating the value of complete am-
“It would be hard to fully describe	est fires is their prompt discovery,	bidexterity in his profession, he work-
the change in the children, they have	thus rendering it possible in most	ed almost wholly with hia left hand
grown so sturdy and strong, and wc	cases to extinguish the fire in an in-	while teaching and studying anatomy,
attribute this change to the food ele-	dpient stage, at small expense and	He was finally able, in performing
with slight damage. One of the re-	an operation however delicate, to use
cent developments in this work Is the use of a hydro-aeroplane for the discovery of fires In the forest reserves of Northern Wisconsin. This Is a lake region, and excellent results have been secured, one fire being accurately located at a distance of thirty miles.	>
Monk’s collar, shown here in the illustration on attractive Ladies’ Home
This
A druggist can obtain an imitation
of MINARD’S LINIMENT from a
rp. 4 ,	..xiv xv Toronto House at a very low price.
The task occupied twelve hours, there &nd have it labeled his own product.
being one ton and a half of explo
This greasy imitation is the poor-sives.	est one we have yet seen of the many
No mishap occurred, but five of that every Tom, Dick and Harry has Lieut. Cooper’s men were rendered , tried to introduce, unconscious by fumes, and four of .J1 MINARD S and you will them received the D.C.M. for their get share in this remarkable feat.
*
FRANCE IS DOOMED?
Kaiser Said He Had Overestimated
Gallic Chrivalry.
Absolutely
Sore
Corns
Go!
The Relationship.
Mrs. Swiftley and her former husband were still friends. Noting the similarity of names and their Putnam’s Extractor familiar manner towards each other makes the corn go a lady who was a guest with them without pain. Takes a^ a week-end party, thought they out the sting over-night. Never falls must be cousins.
--leaves no scar. Get a 25c bottle of "js \fr. Swiftley a connection of Putnam'. Corn Extractor to day.	yourg ?ghe agked.
“No,” laughed Mrs. Swiftley. “A disconnection.”
Painless
No cutting, no plasters or pads to press
<
CHEERY WORDS AND WISE.
the sore spot.
The main point revealed by Herr Fen drich is the declaration that the Kai ser is certain that France is doomed The writer in this connection says: “Nobody will suppose that the opin
mind
WOMEN REPLACE MEN
200 Women Clerks in the Bank of
England
You will find relief In ZamBuk ! It eases the burning, stinging pain, stops bleeding and brings ease. Perseverance, with Zam-Buk, means cure. Why not prove
anvBuk
J
FARMS FOB 8AXE
1
P LOOKING FOR A FARM CON-nuit me. I have over two hundred on my list, located In the beet sections of Ontario. All elzee. H. W. Dawson, Brampton.
P
ROFIT-MAKING NEWS AND JOB Offices for sale In good Ontario The most useful and Interesting
Full Information on
“Old Lady of Threadneedle Street.”
?
towns
of all businesses application to Wilson Publishing Company. 78 West Adelaide fit.. Toronto.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Filled 1
LLIOTT
FEED CHILDREN
Tonga and Charles Sts.. Toronto
rlor
nter
now. Calendar free.
BiqDrup in Prices of
F U R S
Undeniably True
Among a squad of policemen who were being examined on their knowledge of ambulance work was a cer- ________
tain Irishman with whom the doctor ÎLTUï'œ had the following colloquy:
Doctor—What would you do to a man who had a cut on the forearm ?
Policeman—Sure, soft, I’d bathe it *ada Spinach was introduced into Eng- with warm, soft water.
Doctor—What do you mean by soft
br
1
thr1 I.Af.ai#? cam arr rue or iuw r hi in v a
1

meat.
land in the reign of Queen Eliza beth, as also was the cucumber, | water ? whilst celery was introduced to English tables by a French prisoner in sorr; wet water
1704
ip mi de*rsbU Omrm#at« Um
T ems •/•**m <4
Policeman—Och! Just soft water.
prt
black wolf ear tv. a
Boot end Is S b*M*lful ol
Stole !¦ cut extra deep end
wt.'eever ed»e*14* mod Wb
Doctor—And what is hard water? Policeman—Ice, sorr.


DODDS
KIDNEY
The Difference.
Little Molly had been very trying all day. That evening, when her grown-up sister was putting her to bed, she said she hoped the child would be a better girl to-morrow, and not make everybody unhappy with her naughty temper.
Molly listened in silence, thought hard for a few moments, and then said, wisely:
“Yea, when it’s me it’s temper; when it’s you it’s Mrm
%
No
sin
la the large rlaeey pillow <md toil mad paws mod moeetei
Fa
ments that, I understand, exist in Grape-Nuts and Postum.
“A short time ago my baby was teething and had a great deal of stomach and bowel trouble. Nothing seemed to agree with him until I tried Grape-Nuts softened and mixed with rich milk ind he improved rapidly and got sturdy and well.”
“There's a Reason.”
Name given by Canadian Postum Co., Windsor, Ont
whichever hand was more convenient or useful, without thinking whether it were right or left

Il '''
'-SS®'

Barf article le mold seder OC1 BOUTiri OÜABA!
rtz to itTun tov os bsvtxd yol*b mobky
(
5vs
Far fllrie
Will
Persian carpets were formerly dyed with indigo, madder, or vine-leaves, and from these materials shades evolved that were impervious to the action of sunlight Aniline dyes, which have been much used in recent years, give colors which fade rapidly.
4
TO DAT TO

1
-,

. 1
e
Girl (reading letter from her brother at the froet)—“John mays a bu let went through him hat without touching him." Old Lady—“What a
#
#
23 THE
mite
'#
I
Room 227 Hallam Bldg TORONTO,
In Japan tea leaves are
often
ground Into powder before use
SSUB 44—Ik
full mi
CANADA.
r
^
###PAGE###4###
SS, „	!..	. ,	man ami au expen agricultural:#!.
Hie Kvv. I'JwikmI Lawson gave,an	In order to place these commission#
"'lier inclining ami | nautical ivldixs, in the closest possible touch with the |“ Thnsigli l lie eye gate."	conditions which they are designed to
g The association feels great i> indebted meet, local committees would be es I" Hex Mi Laws,hi, a very busy man tebllahed In the various centres of Imt who found time to give thés» snlen Population, and these committees ili.l i.lilrvsses	would provide for the registration of
„ ">¦ ?» %....................
llni'i i \ IIin. Ill,night to a close the itlhor and ascertain what opportun!-iiioi'iiiicg session l,y an iiis|iiring ml,lioie. (|t,8 fot employment existed, and an,I stated we must feel what we teach would look after the publicity work ami in.ik'' tl ) dcsti . the Lord of om necessary to the operation of the thoughts ; (£) king of oitr purposes scheme. The Canadian Manufacturai spring of om progress; (i) Jc.tts ere'Association would be asked to pro-il„.	,ii	vide as many positions as possible for
soldiers back from the front.
Return to the Land Another branch of the scheme looks to the settlement of returned soldiers ui the land, not only men who before enlisting were accustomed to farming. but men also who have developed u fondness for outdoor life and, per Secretaries, Mi" haps, whose physical condition calls for It. In this connection the question of community farming will arise, the probability being that a system of community farming, with expert Instructors at work In each community, would produce the best results.
It Is suggested also that the provinces might encourage systems of credit which would enable men to go on the land, who otherwise would be without the capital necessary. Another suggestion Is that the commutation of pensions, through Insurance companies, might be a desirable means of providing required capital.
In the scheme which Is being worked out, provision Is made for all those men who come back from the front and whose former employment Is not available to them, In other words, whose positions have not been kept for them.
The man who returns fit, at the close of the war, will be given employment If possible at his old vocation. The man who needs convalescent treatment will have that treat ment provided before employment Is found for him. The man who has been so Injured as to Incapacitate him for hie old work, will be taught a new trade for which he Is still physically fit. The man who Is permanently disabled and Incapacitated for all work, will be cared for by the state.
HE EQUITY.
GinDills
Fall Suitings
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 4, 1915.
How They Help
I Im Canadian Government \u\> dv-«-idl'd to raise the military forces for u\ vi.seaa service to ïî.WXK» men, and immediately following the announcement ««ftvvs to mise seventeen new regi meats have been received by the Militia I )v|»artment.
St. Raphael, Ont.
Four years ago I had such pains in my hack that 1 could not work. 1 he pains extended to my arms, tides and shoulders, used many kinds vf medicine tor over a year, none of whuh did me very much good. I read about Gin Tills and sent fora sample and used them, and found the pains w ere leaving me and that 1 was feeling better. So I bought one box and before 1 used them all, the pains were almost gone and 1 could keep at wvtk. After I had taken six other boxes of Gin Tills 1 lelt as well and strong as 1 did at the age of 30.	1 am a farmer, now 61 years old. '
FRANK LEALANIX All druggists sell Gin Pills at 50c. a box. 01 hit boxes lur #J. 0 Sample free if you write to
National Drug & Chemical Co. of Canada Limited, Toronto.
With a choice lot of
NEW FALL TWEEDS
in stock
we are able to fit you with a Dressy Suit.
Call and see them.
Sweaters, l$ain Coats and Heady-IV|ade Suits.
Kl: 11* VY UTKRN'ii'N.
Siiii^ service Hint dev,<ti<>ini1 js-i |. I vmliii li i| by tin- lb v. .1 Hurst, hi 1'nvvil h> tin1 ivjmit of tin' varion* committees.
No'\ ination
Voles* Greece and Rumania *]ieedil\ take a hand in the tight on tile aillent the quadruple entente, the indications ue that Seta ia will lie crushed I adore a sufficient force can he landed to check tlic progress of the Teutonic armies -iii»-fs rted by the troops of Bulgaria. The outlook in the Balkans is not encouraging.
-i

I 'resident. I lev. John Hurst. Vann ; \ ive I'res., Mr. W. A. llialgills, Shaw ville ;
Frames Bryson, Fort Venlonge ; Mr.
Walter Bussell. Itiistol ; Hvv. J. Cook.
Valn|ila‘lls Bay.
Executive
Shawvillv ; Bev. II. E. Nicholls, Mr.
Stewart Stark, Starks Corners ; Mr.
II Smith, Cani|ihells Bay : Rev. Mr.
Ball, Fortage du Fort : Hvv. \V. L.
Tucker, Fort Coulonge.
The resolution coiniuittee hrought iui-[mitant resolution to the effect of :
I. Observing a decision day, leaving to the discretion of the various schools the (lartiéulur day ;
5. The Sunday Schools and w i kors to advamv the interests in favor of county prohibition ;
:t. The keeping open of SabUith .School* the year round, if jiossible, and dropping the groundhog |«,lie\ of being idle for a good part of the year.
Thus a very busy and interesting convention was brought to a close by an address from the General Secretary :
" The whitest part of the great white yield "—« Canadian national program for the teen age.
As an association we do not fail to recognize the untiring efforts of our General Secretary, and splendid earnestness and tact of our retiring Brest -
dent, Ket. Mr. lacker.	To Supplement Pensions
I he delegates returned to their van „ propoeed that the pensions pro oils liotnes w tth : lie feeling that the) Ttded by the Dominion shall be sup-had spent a very profitable two days.	ptemented out of the Disablement
Pontine S S. Association	—Com.	Fund administered by the Lougheed
——	_____^	Commission, and opportunity provided
the annual session of the Pontiac	for the necessary Instruction In new
Sunday School Association was held in	fl i IT	i l"l 1	1 IT) ITT 1 Jl	trades. The provinces are to be	nsx
the Presbyterian church. Starks Cnr-	I. A l\J	A II fl I UV A n	ed 10 or*anUe professional or volmi
tiers, Thurs.In and Friday. Oetolmr UlUlilUXl ill If ilil leer teachers to train the eoldlers for
CANADA TO CARE FOR M&É& EE
itteii, lance, w ith g.I roads K ing im	IICD	DD A VF SOI Ï1IFRÇ	partially disabled would require	an I
" Five minutes from the time we fell P"r,tant fetors in making it a success.	Unit	DImTL UVLVILAJ	would be given expert training,
in, we were on <mr wav, a thousand The opening exercises or preparation	so TIICV TAME1 1IAMC ,°“e the suggestions Is that to :
strong. Short Iv after we started we f"r the invention, were conducted by	Aj lilt I lUlflt tiUlufc «leal schools and colleges be u ed I.-.
spga
**>\o marched the nine miles, with 1 ll,l'tMU 'lor*5ers re*iK>n»tlnlity m thv	---- the necessary equipment provided h
"Tnsi..,, o„,w..,k I, Government to 01,. Cemlder*	Ta’ÏÜÜStt&.T
hear nothing but a continuous playing ( "Utity President, Bvv. W L. Tucker,	tion to Every Phase	provincial governments provide f .i
of bands, a ceaseless tread of feet sharp of *',,rt Coulonge, was of a very vit-	___ tlon In agriculture, the cost of with
command» from the different officers, couraging nature renting considerable	,bhe p.ald ,out. ‘h,e Dl'ableme-.'
"æ T” T —	ESBE?=v';/:
l iJC'z."...................
We took a sudden turn and before us ,ltl 1 n**nctatmii -a. taming its! jg not the least of the war obligations provision must be made. Thes as we could see regular oceans of soldiers. place-Hl) mmmially, (g) intellectual y, of Canada. The most that Canadians the men who have become permanent They consisted" of infantry, including CM spiritually. Before closing Ills 1 can do for those who have risked their disabled, tirough blindness cr cl'.
, oral Highland regimeuD ill their ll,u|k'. with Hindi regret,he brought be lives In the trenches Is not too much. crwlse- Kor such men the state r:v -
entered. We st,»»I here for about ball •'IUU|. t" whom the ass.s intion ' wlde Is now being worked out for tho : them. Canada already has a number ¦ a hour, when we were Midden lx !«¦ I. greatly indebted, l<ecaii*e hi* verj benefit of returned soldiers, to provide of such Institutions whose work Is of brought to attention. Like a Hash ail |ettioi. nt service has led greatly loom for those who are disabled, to put1 a high order and at great vein-. For «a- silent ; even the mud. had died l"'yt success.	new avocations within reach of such | those otherwise disabled It is Irite:. ,1
.« ay.	Just	then,	as	il	at	a	given si	’	The loll call of districts came next.	mcn as are unable to	follow their	establish soldiers' homes wit
nul.	the rain	,eased	and	the	sirn	eatue	»*•* "I""'-' by,.,, I, dis	former callings and to	provide em-	they win be made as comfortab.o os
in llie '"Uiity. and m the great work	These homes are nrf In	operation In	of Senator Lougheed, In consultation
among the children.	all the military districts.	They afford	with the provincial authorities. Much
After the organization of the eonven- facilities for the complete restoration has been done already. More will be tion and Mime excellent singing by the	of men who have been	wounded at	accomplished as time goes on, and
rhoir the Rev. Mr. Fulcher general	the front and discharged from the var-	the system proposed will be given sut-
secretary for the Intvrnati-iml Associa- lous nillltary hospitals. In these fivlent elasticity to allow Its adaptation. gave a splendid adders, on •• How î*0™6* there Is ample accommodation tion to all conditions arising
iSHÆHSjiE
impressions, l«cau»e of ou» .mall mini- Lougheed la president. Senator
ber of pupils giving u* a I letter chance Lougheed was for a time acting M Inbar closer contact. The address brought Ister of Militia, and the executive abll-to the close the morning session.	Ity displayed by him In that office Is
The opening exercise. of the after- a guarantee of the manner In which noon session were conducted by Rev. V'a funds for the care of wounded sol-
venïlïofh'';Ci«t!^5Xîîi	%%%	I-:
it attention. He tliHi roileoff through	M!m *hi> vih.h tolloned )»y	in Council. It was	made to	Include
the different ranks, and once more came	interesting ami Ivautilul address on	the question of employment.	It now
to attention under the Royal Standard. '*"• Development "• Vliild Life " by lias authority "to deal with the ques-"Thr l si rade now began and the march tllt* General Secretary. This address tion of employment for members of
isssHi mmmmm
it the command " Eights right,” we ban character. I lie child translates sary."
right wheeled and came into a forma-	into what we are as |*renta. The authority granted under this
tion eight abreast, until al*>ut fifty feet „ a selwlion by the rhoir. tin new order In council ti being acted ti n, the King, we were commanded	bev. .Mr. Elwood l.iv-.n of WesiL.r,.	upon energetically
•Fees right” The Kim/ warn on a	w»a introduced to our ass,siati„n and	with representatives	of the	several
the King and Lord Kitchener. A small P, m , y. '‘Uthlul serving , (g) know tione In that province, acting in codimple on each of the King's cheek*, ,	. "d" ,’rd :	confessing operation with the cmitral commis
made a smile play over bis face while Je*u,‘ 1 bnst,—‘ if impressed, you must alon established by the Dominion, the Kitchener i-crtainly proved himself the 0,,n',‘‘,!* ;	(4) going after one, n.d after Wugheed ( ommleston. These local
qzr s -"'v— 7~-rr*L.. SSSSaSwSS
Hioi you coiilil not set* a nio\mient m Tin* meeting of the various coin education. On each of these com-his whole person	niittees and a round table conference, ml salons there would be a member of
“ " e continued our march for a mile, conducted by the General .Secretary the provincial government, a manu and then came to a halt. We waitetl and a devotional service, led by Rev! tart,,r*r * commercial man. a labor here for two hours or more, before the I Mr. McVallum of Shaw \ die.
Rev. Mr. McCollum.
lost mon l'O'.etl tIn King.
“ Alter oil had inorehvd post, we formed up in n large square with the Canadian (iitanl of Honor, a thousand Fhe King then rode around the square. It was our turn to cheer, heard a real Canadian eheer I heard anything like it. Just think of lorty thousand men cheering at once. 1 might say it was the largest I «sly of Canadian soldiers ever assembled at time. Just one quarter as large again a> the whole First Contingent.
“After this we liegau our march home. No matter what way one looked he could see nothing but a long, winding line of soldiers marching to their different camp grounds.
We got back aliout two o’clock, and then we had another little review, only this time it took more the form of a charge.
“ The “ kitchen call " sounded, and «ay did we raid the kitchen after a nine mile march in the rain !
"1 have tried t" describe the review, hut it is nothing like the real thing. It certainly was wonderful."
MURRAY BROS., SEVILLE.
I
Sir Charles Ttipfsr, baronet, Canadian patriot and statesman, the last of that distinguished group who accomplished the great work of Confederation, passed away at hi* Kentish home in England on Saturday morning. He was in hi* path year. The remains of the deceased statesman will Iw borne across the Atlantic in a British warship, and interment w ill take place at Am heist, N, s. The funeral will be of a national character.
strong, to imv Kit.
That was when you I never
znSEEnz
G. A. HOWARD’S Warerooms
FOR t A # FEW # BARGAINS
one
fy-
3 New Munro McIntosh Buggies 1 New Munro Me In tosh two sent Express
1	No. 4 Maxwell Churn
2	Bluebell Washers
3	Connor Washers
Maxwell nmi Connor 3 and 3 year Wringers Double mul Single Harness 2 Second Hand Square I'ianos 1 Second Hand Cam Organ, good condition 8 Pair Farm Sloops, slightly used
1	Pair Heavy Horses, will exchange for pair of drivers
2	New Waggon Gears.
All kinds of repairs and accessories for Ford Cars kept in stock : also Gasoline and Oil.
Reviewed by the King
Mr. Wm H. Blakely, an Am prior young man, some weeks ago sent the following description of the military review of the Canadian troops la-fore King George, held at Shurnclifte. We reproduce the letter by request.
“ When we fell in for roll call yesterday morning at six o’clock, we were told that we were to parade at 7.30 *' dolled tip to our best,” because we were to march to Shoruclirfe to It- in *|feted by the King.
“ In about five minutes l«vot brushes were busy, buttons and bandoliers were being shined, and our spurs were I wing polished like glass. At 7.30 we were on parade, and every person was certainly " dolled up,” but not for long, as we were mud to the hoot tops in about five minutes.
They goods are all bought for cash, hence I can give a close deal on any terms.
Give us a call.
G. A. HOWARD.
ooay, rien ana poor amte, will be placed upon precisely the same footing In subscribing to the loan.
Record Gale».
There have been terrific gales In Tarions places all over the world. In many Instances It la, of cootie, lmpos-
rnuuiccmu uccrc ,,lble t0 obta,n anr eiact record 01 0,6 LUmMloolUN RIcLIa velocity of the wind, hot the highest
-------- ^ever recorded was reported from Cape
Creation of Provincial Committees Mendocino, CaL, In January, 1880,
; when the anemometer registered 144 miles an hour.	•
The government Is dealing efficient-1 At Cape Lookout on the Atlantic ly, vigorously and rapidly with the coast, there Is no telling what the rec-
mTwork°UTOd^bleedteL,dn?nvP.rhd^ ord forre of the wlnd mlgbt bave
frontVr TlTe^governmenMms for°a‘ long afler registering 13S miles an hour, time been giving serious study to this This fearful hurricane hit the middle problem, as It has been realized that Atlantic coast on Aug. 17, 1879.
Canada must well provide for her her-1 In June, 1881, a wind of 112 miles oes who have made sacrifices for the «as recorded on top of Pike's Peak, Empire. Canada's pensions are the largest of any country In the world,1 but It has been realized that Is not sufficient. Means must be found to,	Magazines on Warships,
provide employment for disabled and If there Is one danger that sailors Invalided men and men who arc un- dread more than any other It Is an ex-able to resume their old vocations plosion In the powder magazine. To must be given an opportunity to learn ' new means of livelihood. The Military Hospitals' Commission of which ,	.	,,,	, ... . .	. .,
Senator Lougheed Is chairman, was k‘n8t	time Is fitted to most big
battleships. A pipe below the surface connects the magazine with the sea. This pipe Is closed by two taps, which ore connected with the deck. In case
t
I
MILITARY HOSPITALS'
Approved
hud not the anemometer blown away
Colorado.—Chicago Herald.
W hen we hail >t<kwl at attention for ibout five 1111111110.-, we heard a distant trampling of cantering horse*, and in n second or two the Kin./ and hi* escort <u m/ into view.
“What a cheer went up from the -I" ''tutor* ! You may imagine «hat we felt like, standing at attention, and not all*lived to utter a won! !
“At tld* ;viint the Royal Standard was raised, and one of the hands played “find Save the King." As the first notes of this sounded, all the infantry presented arms and you could see no-•hing but a field of glittering steel. They remained at attention during the singing of the anthem and then lowered arms. Another lsmd then played “(> Canada ' and “ The Maple Leaf Forever.”
erici
prevent such an occurrence u device for flooding that compartment In the
asked to go Into the whole question and devise a solution. A great deal of thought and attention has been given to the subject and a comprehensive scheme devised. It was decided to call a conference with the provincial governments In order that there might be co-operation and co-ordination In the work.
WAR EXPENDITURE OF
FINANCE DEPARTMENT
of danger It Is only the work of a minute to open the taps, let the sea rash In through the pipes and flood the magazine. The water Is afterward drained off by means of a gutter.—London MalL
In addition to meeting the ordinary and capital expenditure of the Dominion for the past two months the Finance Department has financed the government's own war expenditure In Canada. It has also been able to make heavy advances on account of the Imperial Treasury to finance ten: porarily the heavy expenditures of thr Shell Committee In paying for shells and other munitions made In Cana in. On this latter account ; lone the D -partment has advanced over twenty million dollars during the past six weeks. The effect of this financing has been to assist In stabilizing the sterling exchange situation as the money was furnished here without withdrawal by the Dominion of Its London balances. All the advances on behalf of the Imperial Treasury are of a temporary character anu promptly repaid from time to time.
Conference Held
Thli conference called by Sir Robert Borden was held last week when a general plan was submitted which era-
Nor So Often.
bodied the creation of provincial com- With hungry people the table Is not mlttees or commissions which would , of so much consequence as the spread.
^operation with the Military a very fat man who had Just retired Hospitals ( ommleslon; the appoint- from the grocery business was one day
thus mischievously greeted by a friend: "I say, old man, you are falling since you retired I Ton have got so thin I scarcely knew you!" "Perhaps so," replied the grocer. “1 certainly don't weigh so much as I did when I was In the grocery tradeT—St Paul Pioneer Press.
ment of civic or local committees der the Jurisdiction of the provincial committees and the holding In the capitals of the provinces of conferences with mayors and others Interested In the subject of the provision of employment for returned soldiers. Arrangements were outlined which would link up the soldiers the minute they set foot on Canadian soil with the organization In the locality from which they came.
This conference approved the prin rlple of forming provincial committees. An agreement was reached as to the division of the expenditure. The cost Incurred In finding employment for disabled soldiers will be borne by the provinces, while the Hospitals' Commission will
un
r
Slaves te Sueceee.
Rebellion and stnbbomni
bowtbey
binder and hinder and spoil oor workl If a girl Is going to mister music she must first become Its slave, surrender Ing her whole being to the principles and the Ideals of music. If a boy Is to master a trade or • profession he must give himself op to It If a man Is to be a great leader of the people he most surrender himself to the welfare of the people.—Christian Herald.
A conference
ALL WILL HAVE EQUAL
CHANCE SAYS MINISTER
One In Each Prévins#
the responsibility of taking care of and providing for those who are Incapacitated or who would require special training before being able to undertake any employment.
It wee agreed that the educational and technical Institutions of the pro-vtncee should be placed at the dlspoe el of the commission for the educe Uon of soldiers who have been disabled and must learn a new trade. The result of the conference will mean
5S3,5SK.-l1ce73S
•made s returned heroes
No "Ground Floor" If Loan Is Floated •	In Canada

Since hie announcement of * Can atllan patriotic War Loan the Minister of Finance has received many request» to participate In the underwriting oi as frequently expressed In the re quests, to be "allowed to get In oi the ground floor." To all these com munlcattons the Minister has reyliet* that H Is not hie Intention to have tin Issue underwritten end that there *(: he no "ground floor" terms. Evcrv
I
Addison end "Oils."
Joseph Addison, the English essayist used the pseudonym "CUo." When be wrote a manuscript In the dty he annotated It with a "Cr when In London, "L;" when In Islington, where be lived. “1," and when In his office. "0." the whole spelling Clio -London Express.
i
(


###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
merveuous in i»«i i.ioro was not a government-owned terminal or Interior storage elevator In Western Can ails and only a very email capacity provided t;i the taut. In Kastern Can t.da In 1911 the Government elevators wore:
Port C'r,'.home. ..1,090,000 bushels
500.000
600.000 1,000,000
This made provision for storage for the western crop hy the Federal Government of only 3,000,000 bushels. Now there Is a storage capacity of 22,500,000 distributed as follows:
HOMEMAKERS’ CLUBS.
TIME OF MEETING :
nut on tne contrary trie eviutmcv went to show that the transaction was a simple ordinary business one without Intermediaries of any kind.
Attempts had been made to show that the submarines were not modern and of little value This was also exploded by the testimony of experts and particularly by Admiral Story, Urltish commander at Esquimau, who testified that the boats could ride "like ducks." that they were equal to the best Urltish submarines of the same type and had needed no repairing except the ordinary repairing to any boat In constant use. The sub-losrine commanders and sailors huV t »1 no difficulty with them.
\ Weekly Journal devoted ta local Iqtereati.
Published every Thursday
^t^Shawville, County Pontiac, Que.
Wool Blankets I Flannelette Blankets !
Austin
First Tuesday,
IRtPTIOX, |1 A Yt: Alt IX A I1VAXCK 1 All nr mi is must lie paid up before fy p iper Is discontinued.
Ft John
Halifax
Montreal
Murrells - Second Wednesday, Elmside
Second Wednesday, Bristol, • - First Thursday, Starks Corners, Second Thurs.
ADVERTISING KATES.
Legal advertising, 10cents per line for 1st insertion ami Scents per line or each subsequent Insertion
Huslness cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $3.00per year.
Local announcements Inserted at Hit rate of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and 3 cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will he given on application.
Advertisements received without In etriietlons accompanying them will be In sorted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices puh-Islied free of charge. Obituary poetry declined.
It is Blanket Time
Wyman,
Shawville • First Saturday,
Yarm - Last Saturday,
of each month.
- First Friday,
Port Arthur......3,260,000 bushels
Saskatoon .......3,600,000
Moose Jaw.........8,500,000
Calgary ...‘,..,.2,500,009 Vancouver .1,260,000 Tort Colborne. ..2,000,000 MgUfax it.rpn 50 Montreal vsT.,..,
Quebec ...V.
and do you know they are going1 up ? We have good supplies by forehanded buying, and our prices don’t go up while these supplies last :
Wool Blankets 56 x 76 $3 75 60 x 80	5 OO
60 x 80	5.75
Knew Him.
"Well, how about Hint little bOlf* “But I told you to call at 4 o’clock, sud It Is only 3 now."
“I know It; 1 wanted to catch you In."—Houston Post
—H
5.000.	000
1.000.	000
OTTAWA
WINTER FAIR
the storage has been Increased fa tour years from 8,000,000 to 22,500,000. La Saditlon to these provided arrange-flènts have been made to erect a government elevator at Port Nelson ai soon as the Hudson's Bay Railway is completed.
TWO MINDS THAT DID AS ONE.
Flannelette Blankets. 10x12 $1.25 11x12	1.50
12x12	1.75
When Dr. Anna Shaw and Miss Anthony Lectured Together. Writing of her lectures for suffrage with Susan B. Anthony, Dr. Anna Howard Shaw says In the Metropolitan Magazine:
We traveled and lectured together so constantly that each of us developed an almost uncanny knowledge of the other's mental processes. At any point of elther's lecture the other could pick It up and carry It on—a fortunate condition, as It sometimes became necessary to do this. Miss Anthony was subject to contractions of the throat, which for the moment caused a slight strangulation. On such occasions—of which there were several-sbe would turn to me and indicate her helplessness. Then I would repeat her last sentence, complete her speech and afterward make my own.
The first time this happened we were In Washington, and Aunt Susan stopped In the middle of a word. She could not speak; she merely motioned to me to continue for her and left the stage. At lhe end of the evening n prominent Washington man who had been In our audience remarked to me confidentially:
"That was a nice little play you and Miss Anthony made tonight—very effective Indeed."
For an Instant I did not catch his meaning or the implication In his knowing smile.
“Very clever, that strangling bit, and your going on with the speech," he repeated. "It hit the audience hard."
"Surely,” I protested, "you don't think It was a deliberate thing—that we planned or rehearsed It?"
He stared at me Incredulously.
“Are you going to pretend,” he demanded, “that it wasn’t a put up Job?"
I told him he had paid us a high compliment and that we must really have done very well If we had conit Is expected that the offer will be er rocant to say. V e never wrote out made subject to delivery at the Can- j our speeches, but our subject was at-adian port, where the meat may be ways suffrage or some ramification of loaded on refrigerator steamers. This j suffrage, and naturally we had tbor-would relieve the trade of the worries j ougbly digested each other’s views, and anxieties of transportation risks and charges and would, it is believed, |
Impart confidence to the business which might develop as a result of these negotiations.
If. as Is hoped, a contract Is secured
t siis. :m : ,r.r |	- «<• », ¦	««
time It should serve to establish of Lucie Sam s naval officers stationed business relations with the Mother on one of these under sea terrors says: Country and our allies, which will "Every minute the men nro In the fully Justify steadily Increased pro- submarine menus the risk of pneumo-ductlon of high class cattle In this pin and tuberculosis. The entire Incountry.
1
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
HOWICK HALL, OTTAWA January 18, 19, 20, 21, 1915.
$16,000.00 IN PRIZES.
JOHN BRIGHT, W. D. JADKSON,
Secretary,
(>TTAWA, ONT. CARP, ONT.
HON. MARTIN BURRELL HELPING TO BOOST LIVE STOCK INDUSTRY
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Warm Ribbed Underwear
Professional Cards.
Endeavoring to Open up a Canned Meat Market
tr— ~
Women's Heavy Ribbed Union Vests and Drawers, long sleeves and ankle lengths, in white. Prices 25, 50, 75c.
Watson’s Wool Underwear for Girls and Women, from 25c. to $1.50 per garment.
DDBÏT
XL..
Hon. Martin Burrell, Minister ol Agriculture, has been doing an Inestimable service to the farmers and live stock producers of Canada In his endeavors to arrange for the sale of Canadian canned goods and dree eed meats to the British authorities. The high ocean rates have demoral lzed the ordinary shipment of live stock on the hoof to England, while the American market despite the fact that there are now no duties has been poor. Mr. Burrell's efforts, if they are successful, will at this crttl cal time prove a great stimulus to this Industry. Through the efforts of Mr. Burrell an offer has already been made to the British War Office to
DR. A. H. BEERS
President,
SURGEON DENTIST Campiiells Bat - • Qve. Doctor of Medicine and Master of Surgery McGill University.
Doctor of Dental Surgery, University of Pennsylvania.
Licentiate of Dental Surgery, Quebec.
\\ lien you want the best value for your . money In ..
SHINGLES
iBO.
X.
Men’s 50 cent Neckwear
at $1.65 per M. and up
Also Laths, Dry Lumber, Clapboards F locring. End Matched Hardwood Floor ing. Moulding*, Doors, etc., try
S. A. MACKAY
We never had such a nifty line of Autumn Neckwear at the price. Every man who appreciates the importance of right sorts of Neckwear should see this assortment.
50 cent Neckwear seems to be the prime favorite.
NOTARY PUBLIC
Shawville,----Que.
Canada's output of canned goods. A conference was held In Ottawa tills week between the Minister and the packers when the question of the sale of frozen meat was thoroughly discussed.
As It has been Impossible to secure an outlet through the shipment of live cattle to Great Britain, the move to secure sale for the surplus product as frozen beef has received general support As has already been announced, the Minister, through Sir George Perley, the acting High Commissioner, has learned that the British War Office would consider tenders from Canada, and Mr. Burrell Is accordingly making strong representations to the Imperial Government with the view of obtaining a satisfactory outlet for our available supplies.
A. F. CAMPBELL,
box 455
Arnprior. Out.
B. MILLAR, L.L.L.
HELP PROTECT THE DEER.
ADVOCATE,
Bryson - - • Que.
Will visit Shawville every Saturday.
And other Game during Close Season by reporting at once to the undersigned any violation of the Game Law you be-aware of. Liberal compensation paid for convicting evidence. All respondence strict'y private and confi-dental.
D R. BARRY, K.C.
G. F. HODCINS CO
come
BARRISTER# ADVOCATE, AC
cor-
Office‘aimI Residence
Campbells Bay, Que.
<#¦ Visits Shawville every Saturday.
N . McCUAIC
Prov Game Warden-
Bryson, January 1913.
E
B

CEO. C. WRIGHT, K.C.
AGENTS WANTED
Canada At War
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-
—TO SELL —
196 Main St. - Hull.
mcintosh red apple trees
g aa/vwwww^aaaaaa/vs^naaaaaaa^w^wvw
and other specialties In general Fruit and Ornamental Nursery Stoc k.
We offer for the season of 1815 and l»|il a spleniid list of hardy varieties suitable for Quebec planting.
LIFE ON A SUBMARINE.
PHONE BELL
J. Ernest Caboury, LL. B.
ADVOCATE
BARRISTER A SOLICITOR
CAMPBELLS BAY, QUE.
"in addition to tne anove snipe a fleet for the transportation of horses hay, etc., has been provided, seven ol such remount transports having sail ed from Montreal within the past twc weeks. These ships carry also pro ducts of Canadian farms.
TRANSPORTATION OF HUGE GRAIN CROP BEING PROVIDED FOR
There Are No Comforts, and Sleep le Almost Impossible.
Lllieral ioininl'ilone. Exclusive territory. Handsome free outfit. Write for full particulars.
Doing Everything Possible
____	___ “Witti regard to provisions for the
COMMITTEE OF THE CABIN- general commercial trade, the lu*
perlai authorities have, subject >J military necessity, been prepared to i do everything possible. In the first ; place they have, during the pas two months, refrained from requisitioning —	—	_	any ships on the Canadian route, tak-
Tonnage Secured For Grain Con- ing all the new ships required from
tracts Placed in Canada
STONE AND WELLINGTON, Fonthill Nuraetle*.) tEstabli-hcd 1837).
Will be In Fort Coulonge every Wednesday and Shawville every Saturday,
side of the boat sweats like a pitcher of Ice water on a hot day. Before we are on It three hours our clothes are soaked, and they stay that way. We have absolutely no heat, which means
COMMISSIONER FINDS lba‘ ,be Uoat 18 ,bc <«m>erature of the
I outside air. Sometimes we nearly ; freeze. The doctors say that the men on a submarine never sleep; they merely become unconscious for brief Intervals. The air, I be odors from the machinery, the constant vibration and the Intense strain under which yon labor make sleep an Impossibility.
“In a storm, when we have to seal op, the air gets worse I ban anything you can Imagine. There are eighteen men and two officers In one of our boats, and at any moment any one of the twenty may cause the death of all the rest. There Is no room for mistakes. The space In which the men live Is fifty feet long and about ten feet wide. I can stand upright If I pick my place, but moat of the time my «boulders are bent. There are no bunks; we all spread our mattresses ou an Iron deck. The dining room consists of four electric hot pistes. Nothing in I he nature of a spark Is allowed below decks, but we can heat up coffee on the hot plate# and occasionally fry things. We can't smoke, and the vibration of the engines makes It Impossible to read or even play cards, so when we are not working there's nothing for ua to do bat sit on the floor and look at each other."—Pittsburgh Dispatch.
TORONTO
ONTARIO.
ET HAS MATTER IN CHARGE
SUBMARINE PURCHASE WAS ENTIRELY HONEST

iagi»fl«3
GEORGE HYNES
XJJNOI1RT
Embalmer and Funeral Director
Main Street,Shawville.
H
other routes, so that the Increases made in the Imperial transport service to Canada, are net additions to the transportation facilities for Canadian products. Further, the Imperial Government, when possible, la releasing, temporarily at least, Canadian liners already requisitioned.
“The Mount Temple of the C.P.R. line will In this way re-enter the commercial trade during the present week. Advices have also been received that the Kawack, Heligoland and Barenfels, ships not previously In the Canadian service, are being released to enter this service Immediately.
govern every movement made, and It will be obvious that plane cannot be made public, but the Imperial authorities will assist as far as possible, and the matter Is receiving the continu ous attention of the committee of the Canadian Government."
MARION * MARION, 3*4 University St.. Montréal,
Not a Tittle of Evidence of Any Wrongdoing
British Authorities Doing Everything Possible
Personalattention.Open all hours.
A searching inquiry has been made by Sir Charles Davidson, commissioned to Inquire Into war contracts, Into the purchase of two submarines for the British Columbia coast defence, made several days before the outbreak of the war and negotiated by Sir Richard McBride. The submarines had been built at Seattle for the Chilean Government and the British Columbia Premier realizing that war inevitable, that there were German cruisers on the Pacific and that the i hi * of Vancouver and Victoria were almost defenceless, courageously and paf'otlcally secured the two submarines for Canada.
Ever since the purchase the Liberals have been Insinuating graft and jobbery In connection with the deal and Hon. William Pugsley even went so far as to Indulge In Innuendoes lu the House of Commons, although h6 did not have the courage to make any charges. However, with Mr. Pugsley'e Insinuations as a start a slander campaign particularly at the coast was started by the Liberal organs and politician».
Asked For a Probe
Sir Richard at once asked for a thorough Investigation Into the whole purchase so that he could have a chance to clear himself and the naval officers who assisted him In the transaction. This Inquiry baa Just been completed by Sir Charles Davidson and not One tittle of evidence was put forward by the Lite era!» or anyone else to show that there had been any commission paid, any graft or any thing Improper In connection with the transaction Direct testimony was given by every person concerned with the transection that no commise ion, promise of commission, contribution or promise therefore, any benefit In any form or manner accrued to anyone In Canada.

The transportation of Canada's great grain crop to the British market, owing to the scarcity of oceiq ton-age. la one of the biggest problems confronting the government. While In England Sir Robert Borden Impressed upon the British authorities the Importance to Canada of an adequate supply of ocean freighters for this purpose. On his return this matter was placed In charge of a committee of the Cabinet composed of Hon. Robert Rogers, chairman, and Sir George Foster, Hon. Dr. Retd, Hon. Martin Burrell and Hon. Arthur Melghen This committee has been successful In providing tonnage for all contracts for grain placed In Canada. Hon. Robert Rogers recently made public the result of the committee’s efforts.
UNDERTAKING
SYNOPSIS OF CANADIAN NORTHWEST LAND REGULATIONS.
HAYES * FINDLAY
main street
SHAWVILLE
(opposite J. H. Shaw's.)
"P HE sole head of a family, orany male over l8year»o!d . may homestead a quarter section of available Dominion land In Manitoba, Saskatchewan or Al ¦ I i. Applicant must appear perion ut the Dominion Lnnna A or Sub-agency for the District by proxy may be made at any Dominion Lands Agency (but not aub agency) on certain condition*.
All calls will receive prompt per sonal attention.
Military necessity must
W. J HAYES.
J. V. FINDLAY
in
gency
Entry
CANADIAN
PACIFIC
RAILWAY 00.
r
Freight Hates Are High
Since this announcement many other ships have been released by the Admiralty for the Canadian trade. So far there has been no shortage for ocean tonnage to provide for contract exports, nor ts It expected that there will be any shortage.
Ocean freight rates are enormous. The committee has dally cables regarding rates from all the Important grain porta of the world. The Canadian and American rates are the same Charges from Montreal. Portland. Boston. New York and Baltimore to Liverpool and London show no discrimination In ocean rates agslnst the Canadian port.
Duties.—Six months' residence upon an1 cultivation of the land In each of thvee years. A homesteader may live within nine mile of his homestead on a farm of at least 80 acres, on certain conditions. A habitable bouse is required except when residence I» performed in In the vlclnlt In certain
Change In
Train Service
Additional Ships
“Since Sir Robert Borden’s return from London,” said Mr Rogers, "the following additional ships have been added to the Oversea» Transport Ser vice plying to Canadian porta; Dune din. Trankmere. Olenepean, Polices tria. Horatlua, and Marquis Bacque hem This brings the number oi ships to this service up to 6 total of twenty These shine are for the transportation of supplies purchased by the Imperial authorities, and II U estimated that for the balanee ol two-thirds of the
y
districts
good stan ling inay pre-empt a quarter section alongside hi homestead Price #3.00 per acre
Duties—Six months residence In each of three year* after earning homestead latent ; also 80 acres extra cultivation. Pre emption patent may be obtained as soon as homestead patent, on certain conditions.
A settler who has exhausted hie homestead right may take a purchased homestead In certain .li-irni- Price #3,00 Duties. — Must reside six
a homesteader In
Commencing Monday, November 1st, trains No. 541 and 544 will run between Ottawa and Waltham, on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Westbound arrives at Shawville 10.15 a. m., and eastbound 2.55 I>. ni.
Additional service between Ottawa and Toronto effective November 1st, “ The York ” daily except Sunday leaves Ottawa Union (Sparks St.) 1.15 p. im, arrives at Toronto 0.80 p. ro. " The Rideau " leave* Toronto 1.45 p, m , arrive» *t Ottawa Union 10 p. m.
1 further particulars apply to any c*«. Pae. Ry. Agent.
K. J. HEBERT.
1st Asst. Deni Psgr. Agent.
Montreal
The Human Brain.
Our brains are seventy year clocks. The angel of life winds them up once for all, then closes the case and gives the key Into the hand of the angel of the resurrection. Tick-tack, tick-tack, go the wheels of thought Our will cannot stop them. They cannot stop themselves. Sleep cannot still them. Madness only makes them go faster. Death alone can break Into the esse, and, selling the ever swinging pendulum which we cull the heart, silence at last the clicking of the terrible escapement we have carried so long beneath our wrinkled foreheads. —
per acre.
months In each of three years, cultivate 80 acres and erect a house worth #300.
The area of cultivation Is subject to re ductlon Incase of rough acrubby or stony land. Live stock may be substituted for cultivation under certain conditions.
STORAGE FACILITIES FOR ERAIN CROP
GREATLY INCREASED
over
will be filled with Can
cargo space adlan agricultural products as much as bay. grain and flour. As a result of representations by the Canadian government, an expert from the wai office Is st present In Canada to ar range for Increased purchases ol grain and Hoar tad for the tranepor UUon of the eupvV-w thus purchased
r ince tiio y résout Government took office the development of government-owned and operated grain storage facilities has been little short of
;
W. W. CORY. C. M. 0.,
Deputy of the Minister of the Interior N. B—Unauthorised publication of this advertisement will not be paid for.
qur
Boll
###PAGE###6###



'V
:
The Virtue of the Natural Lea!
is perfectly preserved in the sealed
Il
wy

A Refilling Featu
/
I;; fl 77k#
The Vicar’s Nephew ;
Ltirr\
SALAD A"


(I
ac/c/oc/ to
A Successful Pen
or The Orphan’s Vindication
9 V
C*

makes the NEW
^ Pocket Self-FillincL
mmtainPen
ïï
CITA PTK R IL—(Cont’d).	a mutter of course, coming from
pare for Mondays *chooi. Ills room lumpc(l together with the others in [ better than any other in the house, h^off abüîiTtho reasons*of Tp’ro-
both rise and set, XV hen he had locked wns no sensible ground of objection to "good.” She sat on people's laps, and j h|s door he took the cage from its hid- tt.	shut the door after her, and was kiss-
ing-place and set it on the western Of mPn and women in any other ed and praised, and had sweets given I	.....	,	. capacity than that of despised author- her l»y visitors, who liked to stroke
mmm m$mm mmsm
tion, into sreds, and the Kaiser cress which he had slipped inside his uunt These two Indies had regarded roots if any one had "pawed it about” Most dog-fanciers, who are not promptly received a reply stating that jacket at teatime. But the mavis thp children ns visitations of Provi-1 that way.	| blinded by prejudice in favor of one
ho might betake himself and his would only flutter desperately and donee, whom, for their sins, they must The only human creatures whom he particular breed, are agreed that the
mm^	mrnmmm
bird and tame it. Certainly a thrush „ed all fhc souVs needs of the grow- ''im to think that he was doing any-1 the bulldog of to-day. would be a second-rate kind of pet;	jnR boy; and as quite a small child	thing mean or unworthy in breaking ! The bulldog was probably invented
“Furious at	this answer, when the	he would have much preferred, for in-	he had sat up in his bed in the dark ; people’s windows, looting their ap-, in this way. The village butcher of
German army	arrived in Czcnstoch-	stance, a starling, which could be	to address, to the anthropomorphic	Pjes. or wantonly damaging their many years ago would use a dog to
owa the usual	atrocities and outrages	taught to swear, and to blaspheme	Thing which he had been taught to	kitchen gardens; nor did he think it, assist him in capturing and holding
=gsmas	=----------------------
most appalling «tory of VNJ'®t th^ tier"	patched to Germany. And, finally, to	going to get into trouble for its sake,	The sailor father had wanted him,	allow	one of them to take a caning	4 . . .
man invasion of I oland mians to tin	,he dazod horror of the citizens and	it was only fair that he should have	Qt any rate: it had been good to	which	he could by any mameuvring	the sport of bull-baiting, and breeders
Polish people.	nll Poles, a vulgar portrait of the some fun out of the transaction. On, know" that there was one person in have transferred to his Own shoulders, of dogs developed their dogs on the
The story is far more terrible than	kaiser ;n uniform was raised above	the other hand, wild creatures do not	the world who did not think it a dis-	would	have seemed to him a mon-	lines required. Thus, the nose of the
the story of Belgium, and half of the	thp dismantled altar, lights were	always take kindly to captivity; and :	grace for a boy to be dark and ugly	"trous	thing. His tiny kingdom was	bulldog is in the middle of his face,
PPü aBEii	mmMmmmm
hunted women and children to the “Presumably the Kaiser thought by	cned at the memory; he hated the	driven over with a white face and a	small, he came back always with re-	slightly outwards (thus turning	the
death, and set going such an exodus	mva!lst f0 terrorize the Poles.	Vicar with the silent, poisonous hat-1	telegram. Since then the orphans	lief to furred or feathered creatures,	hocks slightly inwards) to enable	the
of sorrow-distracted people as the Thvy regarded their virgin and Child that remembers and bides its j had lived at the Vicarage in Perth- to cliffs and moor and sea. The pup- dog to get a good grip on the ground
Hi. Bui,y begins
"A cheap German postcard, pur- tcr. This incident, by which he hoped	pjan indifference; what had	he to do 1 and his soul's health, but very little	his protection never saw quite the same way. and for the same reason.
' based in Berlin for ten pfennigs, was (o cow a spirited people into subjec-	with a mere girl,	who was	afraid of personal friendliness or affection ; and	real Jack; with Billy Greggs he was i The Old English mastiff	and the
brought to me a few days ago. It tion, has undoubtedly caused the Pole	the dark and couldn't do	so much	ns that little, when it came from ’ the	scornfully tolerant, with Molly con-	j bulldog have this	point in common. A
bore the inscription, ‘The famous pic- to stiffen their backs, and has had the	throw a stone	straight?	But the	day man, he resented as impertinence,	descendingly good-natured;	with ani-	thoroughbred dog	of either breed has
lure of the Virgin and Child captured r( bvlt of bringing Polish Catholics and	when he had come home f-om school	when from the woman, despised as	mais, especially if they were small	a reliable temper—a good temper,
from Czcnstovhowa by our gallant the followers of the Russian.Orthodox found her in the tooihouse, blind	weakness. People should play fair,	and helpless, he could be full of ten-	But a cro8g.bred dog is nearly	ul-
mounted l-y the Imperial Ciown of formation from Poland, adds Mr.	0f a new sense in him, that it was	fare, and should stick to them. One	old brown dog in the stable yard; a	for a child to play with.
Germany. Wc can realize the an- Ba)]t.y, “it appears that the Germans somehow his business to protect his was moralising, or “Jaw”; the other, sorry specimen truly, and except for I The French bulldog is quite a dif-guish of the Polish peasant as we bave begun to realize their error in	sister.	I sheer coercion. This latter, though	Jack, without a friend in the world. | ferent dog, although it is	thought
1 10k on this card—he who has made desecrating the shrine of Czcnstoch-	No, there was nothing for	it but to, disagreeable, seemed to him the more	In her best days she had not been by some fanciers to be an	off-shoot
pilgrimage to Czenstochowa, "the own nnd that a replica of the famous ,et the hird K°- The fate of Tiddles | logical weapon. It would have saved much to look at; a hopeless mongrel, I 0f the British bulldog. The national
the occasion of one ol these pit- 0f Poland now regard the German	fight its own	battles. "If you	get much more keenly the boy resented	dog. It would have been	kinder to	tell you that you	can make a poodlt
grimages, and it is important to rea- Kmpcror as the representative of Sa-	caught again,	you little	duffer/’	he his sermons than his punishments. In-	have her chloroformed;	she was	do anything except love you.
lize what these mean in the lifo_of the	f,in	jf not Satan himself. i:i human remarked, rising	and opening the	numerable	thrashings had instilled	growing too feeble to take exercise	The Borzoi, or wolf-hound, is the
Polish peasantry to understand the	f,wm	window, “I shan’t	help you out; once	into Jack	a certain respect for a per-	and keep healthy, and was becoming	national dog of Russia. A Borzoi is
barbarity of the deed by which this poc,	story explain why the ** enough.”	son who can hit bard; and had had his a burden to herself and an object of not unlike our greyhound, but with a
SSSH'SkSS rF? E'FF'fr
i.	_	,	.	few high cloudlets trailed tfieir faint but the moralising filled him with turn out a faithful servant because “l*o has a fancy for the national dogs
caKls, in I'Ci un toi < penny.	*	rose bands across the west. From scorn, and the occasional attempts at she was past her work; so Spotty re- °f Japan, the little black and white
"Everyone who bos travelled in	the beach came a low sound of ripples friendliness with fierce disgust.	mained in the yard, well fed and ! toy spaniels.
Russia or in any Slav country knows MAKING THE ENEMY DANCE, on the shingle; then the wailing cry Aunt Sarah he simply despised, housed, and tolerated as aged paupers Brave little Belgium has its nation-
what a pilgrimage means to these	--- of a sea-gull.	She, poor woman, had certainly never are tolerated.	| aI dog the griffon, a very sporty little
people," says Mr. Bailey. "Their vivid A Highlander Tells An Interesting As Jack opened the cage door the been guilty of any brutality towards On this old, ugly, miserable dog )oved jn tb;s country as a toy imaginations, their deep religious	mavis fluttered,	panic-stricken, and	him; it ia	doubtful whether she had	creature, whom death had passed by	d	„ithou„h the vriffon is rcallv as
feelings their idealism, are all	shrank away. He	drew bae'e a little,	uttered a	harsh word to any one in	and forgotten, was showered all the	y
•«* "*?•¦ ssr	aa %%%%%'a:
^ou sec them coming in troops, w he- . ..	«Untifnl . hlnrkh»rri«»s his eye» a moving black spot, small looking up in happy submission to at her infirmities. Under his indif- Queen Victoria was very fond of Ital-
tlier it be the Holy Sepulchre in Jeru-	‘;.p	,, and smaller, that darted straight to- their and her king; and her one grief, ferenee and callousness lay a dumb, ' jBn greyhounds, and owned several
salcm, to the Triska Monastry near Vl an making it hot for the Ucr- wardg tbe g|en.	besides that of childlessness, was that fierce, hot resentment against the in- ] excellent snecimens of the breed
Moscow, or to the Shrine of Czcn-	XV c fairly make them dance He crossed the room and sat down the faces, though mostly submissive justice of men and things. No one -	ti n ,	,	, ’
stochowa.________________ n,u ^.ow* Pa'n when our guns get on his bed, holding on to ti e foot-rail, enough, were not always happy. Jack, was ever fair to Spotty, because she 1	y	*	’
full tilt at them, and if only we can He seemed to have gone all shaky in a chronic state of disobedience and had grown old and blind; as if that	,
keep it up there won’t be much fight	inside, and	there was a lightening in	revolt, was to her an utterly unsolv-	in itself were not unfair enough. No	most	of	us	as the dog that is sold
in the Germans when the time comes	his throat.	When he shut his eyes	able problem. She was always kind	one was ever fair to him, because he	by	the	yard.
"Let us see it on a winter's morn- f0T al)jjnR tbpm to gvt a movv on the tree-tops came back, and the y el- 1 to him,—it was not in her to be other- was born ugly and wicked ; and he ing with a great pilgrimage arriving	towards Rerlin with ,h„ hard	l°w haze, and the spread wings of a	wise to any living thing,—but she	could no more help that than Spotty
to \i it the shrine of Poland's Virgin	fheir . , '. . . !	living soul	that had been caged and	looked upon him with a sort of dread,	could help being blind. Their com-
aml Child Round the Holy Place’— j .. , . " J 10	, y now was free.	and with a feeling which, in a more mon wrong was a bond between them;
, nr ‘h . ..	,d. i the Eastern j better than that the Kaiser should The room startled him with its f-mil- little careful plans to make things
and \\ estern faith alike a fact to be | ordor amother advance towards Cal- iar aspect; it was all as it had en, “go smoothly" were always being dis-1 remembered—round the home ot the a;g The dancing of the Germans now and he alone was changed. On vhe turbed and thrown out by this oldest picture probably in the Chris- j wj|| be nothing to what it will be table lay his lesson books; the empty impossible factor, tian world, a surging crowd collects	tben for it won’t be anything like	cage stood	on the window-sill, the	If it had crossed her mind that the j
A tiny bill tinkles. Inc	of our shell fire on the enemy	looked out,	his shoulder on the lin-	she had often risked the displeasure	The cost of police protection to Eng-
heavy curtains part asunder, and the	' was marked. The prisoners we took	tel, Lis head against his arm.	There	of her god on earth by trying to beg	land	and	Wales,	including	London,	is
pi* turc becomes visible.	would not cease expressing their sur-	he watched while the sunset	faded.	Jack off from various punishments,	four	and	a	half million	pounds yearly.
“Just at first nothing can be seen	prjs0 at the way our artillery fire	All the broad spaces between	earth	Had he ever tried to beg himself off,
mmm mmm mwm
Only a little square, black and on them. It was terrible to see them Then stars came out; one, and an- him from the Vicar’s anger. She had battered by age. But as one looks out up. They came with a great rush other, and a thousand, shining above been found out, of course; for Jack, more intently the shadowy counten- at fi„t |n one of their counter-at- shadowy trees and ghostly moorland when asked about the matter, had ances of n soft-faced Byzantine Vir- tacks, but when they got their first half asleep, with clear eyes, full of told the truth at once. The worst of vin and Child seem to emerge clear taste of what our artillery could do wonder; as if they too had only now it was that his habit of acknowledging
loot of the Kaiser of (icrmany, and : them In the open in their favorite	ru a ptfp iti	j hood* when it suited his purpose to
postcard copies of "The Heart of the	close formation. They came charging	. ‘ '	do so. But he never prevaricated ;
Heart of Poland' are being sold in	,t us with their battle-cry—"Hoch!	As far back as Jack’s earliest me- '	when he told a lie, he did it deliberate-
Berlin for a penny!	dpr Kaiser!"—and thought they were	mories went, he had always liked ani-	]y, with a straight look	between the
Szenstochowa stands to the south-	going to get it all their own way	mn,e and Plant* and rouKh *Tey rocks	eyes; and that, again,	Aunt Sarah
the German army of invasion. And.	and then there was a cats and dog*	| grown-up ones, had hitherto played	his case, could not go.	She lavished
knowing the veneration with which downpour of shells. Line after line in his conception of life a singularly ail her affection on Molly, whoae evil the Poles regard this church and pic- of the attacking force disappeared, .mall and contemptible part. They tendencies, if they were there at all, ture, the Kaiser published, through whole companies and even battalions were inevitable, of course, and some- were still hidden In the mists of his secret agents, a statement to the seemed to be blotted off the face of times useful ; but neither interesting babyhood ; and left Jack to struggle effect that this Virgin and Child had the earth as fast as they came for- nor pleasant, and generally much in with a bitter heart as beat as he
iEpEEHE
un.to inform the Poles that ii was	everywhere, and all that was left of	natural, as it were, hereditary en-	was fond of the child.	But they had
his intention, am advised them in	the enemy was in terror stricken	emits. Anything brutal or stupid,	not much In common.	She war not
forcible terms to r.ader him such as- flight, only to ice mopped up by our any petty meanness or fldgetty inter- only little, and a girl,—hr m'ght h"ve skiante ti he might require. Among gunfire a little further on.	ferenee on their part, seemed to him forgiven these defects#—th. was clso
packet. Young tender leaves only, grown with utmost care and with flavour as the prime object, are used to produce the famous Salada blends.


Waterman’s

was
Ask to sec this new type. There ere also Safety end Regular Types. Illustrated booklet sent on request. Avoid substitutes.
Sold By Your Local Dealer
t. E. Waterman Company, limited. Montreal
. .. k)
THE BRITISH BULLDOG.
An Article That Will Interest All Animal Lovers.
HUN ATROCITIES IN RUSSIAN POLAND
WORSE THAN THOSE COMMITTED IN BELGIUM.
Sacrvd Picture of Virgin and Child In Holiest Sanctuary Torn Down.
The Kaiser’s Sacrilege.
one
In time the business of capturing a bull for food was developed into
rope.

on

course, the dachshund, familiar to
Poland's Holy Place.

The Pleasures of Youth.
A public school teacher once put this question to her pupils:
“Which would you rather have— three bags with two apples in each bag, or two bags with three apples in each bag?”
“Three bags with two apples in each bag," was the surprising answer given by one lad, while the rest of the class was struggling with the problem.
"Why, Harry?"
“Because there’d be one more bag to bust!”
(To be continued.)
one
*
rcaaca.
—9
| NOW—You Can Have
A PERFECT Complexion
USIT
A


Tnuu Kan,
50c, 75c
$1.00, $150 WRINKLE CHASER
SKIN FOOD
U8IT has solved the problem of beauty. Its ose Is bringing back the freshness and bloom of youth, and driving away, wherever used consistently, the wrinkles of and age. Used for centuries by
East Guaranteed free from hair growth. Your druggist las IL 8EB YOUR DRUGGIST TO-DAY.
IISIT MANUFACTURING COMPANY. Limited
47# Konreet slice Avenue, Toronto.
VoauM

the famous beauties of the




###PAGE###7###


AIR SCOUTING IN A GREAT STORM
pocket* of light, sort of offshoots from tho great penetrating ray that was guiding us upward. In another moment we were In the region of the : “top fringe."
is great semicircular riba bending I outward. It was with a sight of relief that we met the old sun again. Ho fairly dazzled us with his work greeting. Behind, on the “fluffy stuff” the shadow of the aeroplane was made up of rainbow colors.
We are now 0000 feet up. There was a brisk breeze from the west. Our speed was about 110 miles an hour. It took us only a few minutes I was at my favorite grocery in | to cover our distance "out." As we the little French town, buying for tore along, the clouds below began our mess. It was raining in sheets, i to thin out, and as they receded and 1 reflected with relief that it lower, gave us the impression that was “perfect airmen’s weather"— we were climbing rapidly to a colossal there could be no flying that day, height. In another moment I caught surely. We had had a busy time of sight, through a generous hole, of a it, and ,n day off was welcome.
FROM SUNSET
BEHIND THE BRITISH LINES ON GALLIPOLI





The cloud now was
WHAT THE WESTERN PEOPLE ARE DOING.

m
NINE HUNDRED FEET ABOVE THE EARTH.
m

Progrès* of (he Great West Told In s Few Pointed Paragraph*.

«
Is]
%
From (he Journal of An Aeroplane Observer at (he Front
KM

i /
A thousand tons of B.C. potatoes ' are to be shipped to Australia.
The tourist trade in B.C. this summer was the greatest ever known.
Eastern motor car manufacturers are trying to buy sea grass in B.C.
! Many B.C. railwaymen have enlisted for the 72nd Seaforth Highlanders.
At Dennison, B.C., Mr. Davis sold out his general store, home and land and enlisted.
j Vancouver owns 13 motor cars, the upkeep and operation of which cost , #8,842 last year.
I The cut of cedar for this year will | be one of the heaviest in the history , of British Columbia.
Fraser River and Puget Sound can, ners say there has been a poor fishing I season this year.
The stampede to Swamp River in the Cariboo is over. The prospectors found more clay than gold.
Seventy-five new houses have been built at Trail, B.C., this year, and many others are being built.
During the month of August, Prince Rupert, B.C., handled over 15,000,000 pounds of fish. Much of it went to Chicago.
Lady Elizabeth Bruce, wife of Ran____ dolph Bruce, F.R.G.S., died at Inver-
| mere, B.C. She was the second daughter of Lord Iddesleigh.
D. C. McGregor, Mayor of Kaslo, Present Kilt Has Offended Lovers of Was found dead in bed. He was a Scottish National Dress.
VH.


a

K
m
ml
m
"V*.-

.• V
t 'i
i
w
hH

tj
¦. . ' .
m


\
»



t

M
V
!
i
.. -4 ü
ï
'

i
SL\
%
!V

%
¦j

tiny, triangular patch of green, which, The question at issue was the price on the ground, is regarded as one of of honey. I was annoyed that my the gn-ut forests of the Continent. French had not made any impression It told us where we were. It also and was repeating "Trop cher" for revealed us to “Archie" (the anti-the fifth time when I heard the chug aircraft gun). That persistent old of a motorcycle as It pulled up out- fellow sent up some “frightfulness,"
but he had not allowed sufficiently for the wind.
It is easy to imagine our feeling of relief at the dispersion of the storm. Otherwise we should have had to dive through the clouds and do our-reconnaissance on their bottom fringe. Now, however, we went about our work in the ordinary way and were soon ready to return.

ï
ik
mm
Jiv. U Tm


b
B
i
M
*• r


v ü<


• iîMK
side. 1 had a nasty feeling the rider was after me. I wondered what on earth was “up," because the weather was impossible for flying and I wasn't down for duty.
The orderly's message was short and to the point: “A car is coming, sir, to take you immediately (o headquarters." *
As 1 strolled up the steps of headquarters who should join me but my flight commander. I knew what was tip as soon as 1 saw him. In flying speech we were “in for it." An urgent reconnaissance had to be done, despite the weather.
We were to proceed as soon as the, worst of the rain was over. The reconnaissance was so important that It was to be done on the “edge of the floods."
By the time we got back to the serodrome the rain had stopped and there was even bits of blue here and there. But it was only a lull. The "black ones" were getting ready for another downpour. We decided to “race them to it”—i.e., get above .hem before the downpour started.
As we got off, the sight of two >ther machines being prepared in ¦ase we did not get bock or "crashed" vas not too reassuring.
We were hardly in the air when the sun found us out and gave us a burst of dazzling rays. He was gone in a moment, and we knew we should not see him again for some time.
“Rain Mountains"
The air was very "bumpy." From 600 feet upward there were great current junctions which tossed us about and toyed with our endeavors to maintain a consistent course.
At 800 feet the machine was in the bottom fringe of a cloud. The scene from,here was like a great inverted landscape, with huge black mountain peaks turned down. We kept in the • valleys and skirted the mountains. Here and there a “rain mountain" swished us with a shower, as if indignant at our familiarity.
But the valleys were closing up. Another deluge was coming. We had not too much time to get out of it. There was lightning around, and it would be suicide to stay below any longer.
As we turned a sharp corner round oil unusually black and forbidding projection, we found ourselves in a splendid valley. At the top of this there was only what we call "fluffy stuff"—a mass of thinnish fog, sometimes 3000 feet through, but comparatively safe for flying.
It took two circuits to get to the top of the valley. Hardly had we been enveloped by the “fluffy stuff" when there was a huge grunt of plunder that seemed to come from all about us. Thunder in the clouds is not a sharp clap; it is a guttural roar, which sounds above the noise of the aeroplane just like a great grunt.
"Cheer-oh!” shouted the pilot through the telephone, “we’ve beaten the old dog to it." It is a prevalent idea among flying men that a thunder cloud has an evil genius which “lays" for one.
As I leaned forward to answer the pilot, I placed my hand on a crossing wire. There was just the faintest ripple of electric current passing through. We were not yet quite out of danger.
Climbing through a thick cloud is a tedious and anxious job. There are no “identifying objects" above, below or on either side. There Is no top or bottom to anything. One is at the mercy of the instrument board.
Peering for Light

4j
VI
I kl
m#

p
ISy
%
S:'. ,
r.y
•/ «

i.r,

m


a

s^t»„


+
1,10 n'*8urr^ »h*>WH	i!mi!m ai‘,,,,,,MI,lletl b)' w>me of bU O0I tem, making hi* wey toward Cape
POISONOUS PLANTS.
Many Flowers Have Sap That Is Poisonous If Swallowed.
STAR AND GARTER BECOMES HOSPITAL
TARTAN KILTS IN DANGER.
was no longer necessary to go so far afield for a good luncheon or dinner.
Ten years ago the hotel closed its doors. There have since been rumors from time to time as to reopening it as a palatial boarding house or rebuilding it into a block of luxurious_	,	,, ....	.	,
flats, but none of the schemes came ! army are,.to "car a khakl’ mstead °f to maturity	the familiar tartan, has aroused the
In its new use as a permanent hos- inten.se ^nation of the Scottish pital for officers, it will preserve for p™p'f; ?"«¦ what is worse still, says a work of national usefulness a site T't-B.ts the khak. kilt, according to of rare beauty. The hotel is almost : ‘he lates.1 orldcr- to bf =0”P°L8ed of completely surrounded by park lands, !two. yards es* "material than is I which have been gradually acquired i11 s~, d prese,".1'.
! by the London County Council to give 1. TK*l US°'‘ to;day>
The Star and Garter Hotel, at Rich- '	access to t|ie banks of s*%h"nItio"nal	it con-
sists of only five yards of cloth, badly pleated, whereas, according to one _	. . J _
authority, it is impossible to make a Regiment, was drowned m the Spuz-
A„ Interesting Incident of the Great High^rd:^	""" ""“j *7 recent"^veVwtfe**
The pleating is a process that can 1 tu .tke wid°w “nd throe ck,Mren' L
About 400 men are working in the Some times
There are no beautiful poisonous flowers native to this country. There are only three plants that are really poisonous to the touch. They all belong to the Rhus family, and resemble one another in their uninteresting clusters of dull greenish-gray berries.
Two of them, poison ivy and poison sumac, are found in the eastern part of the country, and poison oak grows on the Pacific coast.
Poison ivy is a common vine that climbs over rocks, and that in some shady places covers the ground with luxuriant leaves. Occasionally, in fertile spots, it will raise branches like shrubs up over the rocky supports; elsewhere it clings to the bark of trees and climbs high.
Its flowers and berries are always in dull clusters, but its leaves may become brilliant red and brown in the autumn sun. Do not pick leaves that grow in threes on a vine, but do not be afraid to gather leaves of the woodbine, which grow in clusters of five.
Kootenay old-timer, having lived in
The statement that in the future ^Nelrly'VmTmen an; working at the
Bluebell Mine on Kootenay Lake. Ore was first dug out of this mine by Hudson's Bay men in 1825.
I A firm in Vancouver wants about 2,000 men from Canada to go to Russia and build 400 miles of railway, 500 miles from the fighting zone. i The Port Alberni, B.C., high school has been awarded second place among the high schools of the province for the encouragement of physical training in schools.
Geo. Foster, a member of the Sixth
the Highland regiments in the British
PROBABLY THE MOST FAMOUS HOTEL IN ENGLAND.
Famous Old Richmond House Presented to Queen for Red Crons Use.
mond on the Thames, which has just been purchased by the real estate men of Great Britain and presented to the Queen as a Red Cross Hospital for disabled officers, is probably the most
famous hotel in England.	War.
SEES
ful flowers, and are not poisonous. I '	'	fighting bravely. A French soldier the original Highland plaid, which consumed over 70 tons of tomatoes
- *• en: srs sjsu;
s - a* - — -—isttrattstis
and pointed, five to eleven on one	"	tackled him and took him prisoner.	bound with	- leather belt, so that the rather look on than go through then
touch anything on that shrub or tree. ;	sirable	and	valuable premises,	the	sound of his surname brought laugh-	or P',n-
Poison oak does not look like any Star and Garter, on Richmond Hill, te|i- and his captor said:	This upper part was often used as
oak. It has clusters of three almost the favorite spot for centuries past of "Ah, well, my old Rudolph, you’re a covering for the shoulders and body round leaves, which grow on a vine	princes,	and	the admiration	and	re-	° brave fellow. Return to your com-	wet weather. To	attire himself in
like poison ivy, or more often on a low	sort of	the first nobility and	taste in	cades, and tell them that we know a	. Pjcated	plaid in	the old days re-1
shrub. If you see the clusters of Europe; replete with every requisite brave soldier when we see one." , 1"'ccd, °n the Part of the Highlander, white flowers, or berries, do not touch ' convenience for the reception of all Fearing that he was to become the no sma" amount of dexterity, fhe
the plant	{ranks in the public line, possessing object of a grim joke—and perhaps U8“aI 'vay was to lay it on the floor|	.....
There are many plants with sap the most extensive and delightful to he shot in the back-he hesitated, *nd afterv carefully arranging the Explosives are solids which, undei that is more or less poisonous if	it	views of the Thames, the whole form-	when one	of the French soldiers,	f?'d8' *aJ'c down upon it and then	certain conditions, suddenly change
reaches a cut or abrasion. Do not	let	ing one of the most enchanting pic	Pushing him forward,	said:	blanket, in which the Highlander	into heated gas occupying many time,
a plant drip on a wound. There are 1 lures in Great Britain."	"Go on, you’ll not be harmed." cou d at night envelop himself. | the original space of the solids. Ordl
many plants with thorn, and stings	Entertained Royally	i Rudo,Ph lifted his hands above his Ultimately the Scottish plaid-or nary gunpowder when fired, turns in-
that produce painful irritation if they	*	head and returned to his trench.	“breacanfeile, to give it the true to gas, of which the volume is 4,000
scratch through the skin. Pick their 0ne of the notable occasions of the Fresh French troops arrived to re- Scottish name—was succeeded by the times as great as that of the powder, flowers carefully	big hotel was a breakfast served on	lieve their	comrades,	and they were	kilt as we know il to-day. The plaid	No wonder the bullet in front of it
Do not ever hold flowers in your ',Tune 10’ 1814’ at which were present	told about	Rudolph. '	The following	and the kilt wel"c supplemented by an	leaves the muzzle of the rifle in a
mouth. Do not give flowers to ha-	the Prince Regcnt of Eng,and- the	day, when firing had ceased for a	elaborate sporran-the original spor-	harry.
bies, for they are sure to put them	EmPeror ot Russia, the Duchess of	time, the newcomers shouted across	ran8 w<‘re ma,le from “* 8kms of	To"day	'here are scores,	even hun-
Into their mouths, and some of our	Oldenburg end the King of Prussia,	to the German trenches to inquire	wlld an'ma,s—and stockings, which	dreds, of	different	sorts of	explosive*
familiar flowers have poison enough	with his 8°n8 and nePhews. The com-	whether Rudolph were still living.	were U8Ually cut out of the web of	j known to	science.	Some, such as lyd-
to affect a baby’s health	, Pany. which also included Generals “Ja! Ja!" was the response	the tartan, and gartered with cloth of dite, require a very considerable
There are other flowers and niants n,ucher and Platoff, had journeyed “Show yourself, then Rudolph'" rich color8 The skean dhu- or small shock to explode them. Others, such that are harmless to man, but poison-, out from London by coach.	they cried out. We are newcomers. d/k’ ie generally fixed m the garter, a. nitro-glycerine are fearfully dan
aisa LT.L SIS *MtaMFSS SSSS.-,0"	- a. Highland,,-,	5K £
of the loco weed of the West or the the earlier yeara of her reign’ and Rudolph’s head bobbed up above the ,lre8S T* the "'T buti?n8’ *"88"'8' is suffifient to turn them instantly
SSs-îS^SïS =3S2£*~"= S=ESSS:2=ssr.ts.-je
I?,. ™ S"? for ».f..	...»,	'	.«m »» ».	«(
».-, », v,ï	2 »,u» lûuv lived, sai LtLSL
often seen there. The cook was ex-	- went to Sweden to serve under Gusta- flew on the table and began to craw
cellerit, thé wines unimpeachable and 1 harles Dickens W as in Ernest In Vus Adolphus, had rich buttons on among the grains caused an explosion the coat heavy enough to keep away	Nicholas Nickleby.	their clothes, and that they also wore The mere jarring of the air by i
****
,	»,,,,. »? i	*”*•'*“• —"	; stz'zzt	J
minutes. Then right below me on thi	. .	But with the dawning of the present e”°“ tb* gr"ve 8 hoy who had 0f the ground on the Portuguese out e,rr> ,i*y, for it is th" explosive
hh*.I 8aY * ®**h of sunlight. I was •	,	... . .	.	., century the attractiors of the Star 'bed suddenly at the school opposite coast. The Highlanders thereupon I from which guncotton I niJ«. B
looking skywards. We were almoet	_,_,_.	.... a ,* and Garter waned. It is the conven **e church. I suppose his heart took the shirts from their bsrk«, terrien the mixing vat» arc art i 'ally
upside down. A bump then would "P •	, ,	„ en. ,, e tlonal thing to say that the coming of broke, adds Dickens “I think his them into strips, and bound them | rrfled > v coil.» o( void water ; I
hâve "done for us. The controls P?	... rarrj„	n< . the automobile' killed Its popularity Ifhoet put Smike into my head upon round their feet for protection. Tbsg|
swfi ¦arsis-* rpnstfjrsi	w'
made for the light and followed the P	"	_	open country, wac rapidly becoming the schoolmaster who raised Dickens’ in memory of those trying timt
ray. It ran at an easy angle, and	—— -	an artery of heavy omnibus and tram-''*r. The inky-penknife incident dee-j
we kept well on Its line. The cloud	Do we deserve the g odd opinion of cer traffic The era of the fashionable bribed in "Nicholas Nickleby" is et-
>egan to thin. There were little those who do think well of us 7	restaurant in town had begun, end it ( tribu ted to this man.
<¦

BRAVE OLD RUDOLPH.

mines around Sandon.
the hotels are so crowded in this old
+
VARIETIES IN EXPLOSIVES.
Hundreds of Different Kinds Knowr to Science.

*-
French Invent Odd Gun.
level.


?
whitci spats or gaiters were intro A man named William Shaw was , duced as part of the regular uniform
I -Yea are chaiged with permuting your horse to land unatte-.de! for ; over an how. chained tb- mvgri J tiate. “Well. I ilefy anybody to t -a h
To many a wife the (hid end of j t|,c brute to ait down," | rntestr ! tin
man ia stip end. .	| p. iaoner, before being dragged away
J

#
1
###PAGE###8###
page CS) ABÎMEE (S)

SRAWVILLE MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS
T. SHORE - PROPRIETOR.
For Service
\ pure*bred Bvrkthi #i for tw
I
THREE INQUISITIVE SCOTS.
' The ShawYille Bool ao6 Shoe Store
!
ire for eer • 1.00 xinglt
I \S MvLAliNON.
And How They Happened to Originate
the Jute Industry.
James Logic, who is supposed to know more about Juto than any one else In America, tells In a very interesting way how Jute came to be known to Europe and the west:
“In 1S40, on n Saturday afternoon, three Dundee flax spinners were walking to their beautiful residences in Droughty Ferry, about four miles east of Dundee, on the banks of the Tny, him! us usual strolled along the docks. At that time there were several Clipper line sailing vessels trading with Dundee In Indian products, principally grain, linseed, etc., and on this particular Saturday one of these vessels was discharging her miscellaneous cargo, nnd these canny Scots observed a fibre in some quantity on the dock nnd made inquiry ns to what it was.
“They were told It was some Indian product that had been obtained In Bengal, and was suitable for the dunnage of ships. They examined the fibre a little more carefully and all thought it would be possible to spin the fibre on their flux machinery. The result was that Monday morning they made a bee line for the agents of the ship and asked what they were going to do with this waste material.
“They got the reply, ‘We proposa, dumping it Into the river,* and when they expressed a wish to experiment with It they were told they could cart it away from the dock and were welcome to It if they paid the cartage. Thus the Jute industry started—for the fiber turned out to be nothing less than what we know commercially today as 'jute/ “—Exchange.
1

UmMTUPHTmP I 1 have on hand the finest
EUflUmMlo of Marble and Granite Monu-
• ments ever placed before the public of this district, Prices are such that it will be to intending purchasers’ interest to consult mo before placing their order elsewhere. Nothing too large—nothing too small.

TWELVE INCH SHELLS.
1
\
\
"T
\
YOU
\
,1
These Big Projectiles Carry a Thirty Pound Explosive Charge.
High power projectiles ore constructed with cavities lu their centers which contain the explosive charge, the ex plosive carried varying with the slso of the projectile. A twelve inch shell, weighing 870 pounds, carries about thirty pounds of explosive. The cavity of such a projectile is about seven inches lu diameter at the base, nnd gradually tapers in size toward the point After the charge Is placed In the projectile a plug is screwed into lhe base, thus seating up the explosive, and a fuse is inserted in the center of the plug extending Into the explosive within the cavity.
The fuse, without which the explosive Is harmless, depends upon the high rotary motion of the shell to become active. This rotary motion Is Imparted by the rifling of the gun. In the smooth surface of the tube are cut the rifling grooves of a width of about one-eighth inch.
Round the shell, near Its base, in a groove cut for the purpose, is compressed what is known ns the rotating band. This band projects above the surface of the shell and corresponds with the rifling grooves, so that upon its discharge it Is forced into the rifling, where it acts ns a seal to prevent the escape of the gas formed by the exploding powder nnd gives the shell the required rotary motion, which keeps It on Its true course with its point always in a direct line ahead.—London Tit Bits.

ARE
s
FENCING AND CEMETERY WORK A SPECIALITY
\


All Work Guaranteed Satisfactory.

INVITED

?J
4


L

SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
1NVICTUS
to corns into this store whenever you like
Our stock is open for inspection and
we are willing to answer any questions regarding the goods we carrv.
R. G. HODGINS, Prop
From coast to coast we have sent our orders for goods to till your requirements ami in making our selection only the most reputable makers were considered. Could we have stronger proof of this than in ottering
Manufacturer of and Dealer in
Doors, Sash, Dressed
Lumber, etc.
Invictus Shoes
1'rop in ami let us show you some new styles uf
“ The Best Good Shoe
Custom Sawing1.
)
SUBMARINE TACTICS.
Locating the Enemy, Getting the Range and Making an Attack.
Dow docs a submarine attack? How dues it locate the vessel it wishes to torpedo and how docs it proceed about the business of sending such vessel to
P. E. SMILEY.
PECULIAR OCCUPATIONS.
1
Those of the Bacteriologist, Anthro
WÊBKKÊÊÊKIÊÊÊIKEÊÊEÊÊM
¦ What .an leads the Hi os t peculiar | the bottom ? Bere Is the way the com i modern life? Tbe question is not uj easy one to answer offhand. but it Is |Vv,u«l doubtful if any one spends bis days In , ,|	a i ; I	a# manner than the bac-	I	fflCe ;lt *'¦<•! 1	<r < i.OOV yards from the
tcriologist.	Day after day, week after	!	Vessel It Is aftaekijig-far enough so
week, year	after year he works In th®	die enemy is	not supposed to see the
Mr-sJ laboratory,	into which only th<® prlvt-	periscope. It	stays up long enough to
legv'i may enter, studying the microbes |	( 1,1,0 vnem> -	then got s dun n
of disease. He may not open the window lest he infect the whole neighborhood with typhoid or diphtheria, or
any other diseases with which he is at I toward the submarine, otherwise close quarters all day. IIo encourages die submarine, with its low submerged bacteria to multiply, and then through speed, cannot catch It. a microscope, or sometimes with tbo %be officers of the submarine will naked eye, he watches how	they spend	know the revolutions of the approach-
their time. In order thnj he may com-	Ins ship and will use the gyrocompass
bat their deadly Influence.	"*•*•¦>	with which to work out its exact post-
WàJlv the bacteriologist	looks for	tloiL They will know Just when to
ward, the anthropologist looks back- come up to be with hi range, ward lie Is the man who dashes off "When the submarine comes up It to any place when he hears a deep	will show the periscope ns little as pos-
I	HFxcaVatlôn Is being made, and hope's	sible. take quick aim	and fire Its first
always that be will find a skeleton, and	torpedo. If it wants	to remain there
>,,n'	especially a skull, for he is never so	out of curiosity to see	the effect it can.
happy as when he unearths human But If it does not It goes right down relics going back centuries.	I °6aiu.
The plant doctor Is akin to the bacs
terk-loglst, for, like the latter, he spends I turns the cap bringing new torpedoes much of his time In the laboratory, not | UP ,nto tbe tubes and then comes up
for a second shot if necessary.”—Pittsburgh Press.
in
mander of Uncle Sum's submarine flotilla tells it:
1UI
!
>1
!
A
V submarine will come to the sur

I. (
II. IUIsoN
King St
\
\\
I I

VtIM
LOCAL NEWS.
>
I
rw
la
and sets its course to Intercept the enemy's ship.
"The vessel must l*e coming more or
M
-MADE IN CANADA"

i
i
Sunday School, with their tend
and the Rev. .Mr. and .Mrs. Tiipp and family, enjoyed a toothsome K i chichen supper at the h and Mrs evening.
rs
1
i
Ford Touring Car Price $530
*t
I
Pm m is42
William .1 aid. s
i
me of M r V• Draper, on Friday

t
ted
M
i Kbvrt. ot
Litchfield. Kin
wli
i
1
1
The township of Huntley has two y conttUnited the Mini of tjbTH.dO eight towards Hed t ross purpo-es. Tin m'it ic '' 1 self-sacrifice evidence of more activity on the south than on tint north side of
the Ottawa liver.
1<> this unio two of wl »n the h'»m
—

I
i
Walter
»» giving Mr< .1	, Aiwti
Mineral. which w
1. and
t
You'll get farther—with less expense -by •• kicking in the clutch " than by “ pushing on the lines." The Ford will triple your horse delivery service and increase your profits, (jive the economical Fort! a chance to cut down your cost of doing business.
i Thorne, Q.i

1
I

Sand
!
.1 ->t, A rjdrvw
k had charge of the 'Med by Rev. Mr. Rot
irvli
i 11. s m,t
Rev
Since our la-t issue the grim harvester Death has been active in this and surrounding neighbor-htHxlj a!>ij as a result sorrow reign-
in -everul homos where the V<b nut
chair bears -Rent te-tiinony of the !• departure of loved one* 1 II return not again !

1 w

The Runabout $s now#180; tin Town ( ar 8780;
All cars com
I
f. o. b. Fot d, < )nta rio equipped, including electric headlights ment does not include speedometer. Uet particulars from
pletely F(pi ip-
11
i
i
th
ymj

M
It stays a short time under water,
lia
C. A. HOWARD . DEALER
W1
CAUTION
I
studying the enemies of tbe human world, but the enemies of the plant world, and he is very proud when, after diagnosing and treating the various ailments of flowers, he runs across,
say. the enemy of n rose, and finds I cut, whether tbe absurdity of some of how it may be kept from doing barm. | our proverbs when used as a means of
comparison occurs to people when they quote them. For Instance, “As drunk as a lord." Any one who looks Into a “Success In aeronautics, as in most j metropolitan police court when the I things,” said n prominent aeronaut, “D	night charges are being dealt with will
achieved ly patience and faith in one-	see that intemperance is not the exself. Pessimists, like my friend's new elusive privilege of peers of the realm, w	i 1	M	¦	|%	¦	| ¦
gardener on Long Island, would not	“As dead ns Queen Auue.“ Why Queen	I	A	T h A	K	I	IV I	11 Of	lr	\	I	M	I	I	O	*
accomplish much in work like mine.	Anno? Why not Queen Elizabeth or	|	(J	VII w	UU f lllftl	I	VI	Ml	I	w	¦
This man was raking leaves off the	Queen Boadicea? “As deaf as a post* I	J	O
lawn one fall day when a neighbor |	A post is devoid of all the five senses,
not hearing only. *As cheap ns dirt*' y ‘.Where's the gardener who used to ! What Is the exact market value of Work here?' .XLi2T!î fl -C ' X dirt? It is not mentioned in any
tradesman’s catalogue. “As poor as a Dead,* said the astonished neigh- !	church mouse.” Who knows that ec-
bor. Then, musing, be added, ‘Joined |	eleslastlcnl mice are less well off than
their secular brethren?-London Stand-
\
!
Death of a Bristol Pioneer
Shawville. Que.
Proverbial Philosophy.
I don't know, writes a correspond*
U
L>t N

Died
¦
1
I
X"
!
I
1
—London Tit Bits.
'C
ted
r

i
ti
J \ S. L MIA \\
ship of Hu
1KM. and l
\ttgu*t 23rd
Poor Humanity.
\
1 wl
vitli hi* i who all p

V
r< aiul
1
M
NOTICE
>
In 1852 he ter the 1
married Dorothy, a daugli te Thomas Corrigan, wh
V

f I
i
1

1 I
xt
1)
!
whom lie
• pacing of a Kill f tinging forthwith, th
County of Pontiac, < uupltull** Hay,
laturt
nun hi
!
We are after your trade. We are not going to tempt you with any bait but an honest square dealing, and full value for every cent you leave with us. We claim to undersell our competitors.
How do we do it ?
Simply by keeping down expenses, buying and selling at right prices, thereby making our turn-larger, and by so doing wo can buy in larger quantities and get better prices on our goods.
• We want your trade, and we are sure that once you buy from us you will be a steady customer. We carry only good reliable goods, and we keep down the price so os to give our customers good value
for their money.
Mod lif
i
passing by Inquired of him
ir* oi happy w miverstry living
!

th
1
•Li


ts significance. i'd with a fam
in
l
ryaon Omnty naked in
The union w*# hi.
ily of six sons and tl
“ ‘Dead, sir/ was tbe reply
uni that, mor aid Bill, that ounvil of P
i

daughters, who ve to mourn his departure, :	Mrs. Holiert Elder, of Pa-
Mr< I! hard Son Mr*. Jr
•l l

I
(
inty ( lplied with tl
Tl
an
the great majority, eh?
“ ‘Ob. sir/ tbe gardener Interrupted | ard. In a shocked voice, T wouldn't like tJ '¦ say that. He was a good enough man os far ns I know/ “—Lippincott s.
nd it
I
o, Al
North I*.ty, < >
of Marion, K. Dak. Win. 11 V., Holiert .1 1 ltidge : and H. Ly
i
1
rta
IV|ake us prove it.
by law tenanc
Wl» I
l

Glenn f ( >ttawa ;

i

Bee Line.
A soldier on guard warn questioned ns to bis knowledge of hi* duties.
“You know your duty here, do you,
Lieutvna

Tl
md ( ivurgv 1
1
i
the
(
of Hr

tnge the Régi» 'aimMls Ra>
1». R. BARRS
h
i
I
Storks In Holland
Nowhere else in the world does the I sentinel?' stork stand in higher regard than among the people of western Holland.
Nothing Is regarded as more indlca- open on yon with shells ami musketry live of good fortune to come than for what would you doV n pair of storks to build their nest in tho chimney of a humble cottage. However humble that cottage may be, the
occupants feel that the stork’s nest | sir'—New York American, promises many blessings in the future.
The farmers erect long poles with a	|n Doubt
bos at the top In tbelr fields, feeling “Will yon lore me forever nnd a	...
that If tbe birds build tbelr nests there dav? sighed the newly betrothed Make US nrOV6 OUT statements by giving US a
Ü - B - "» """"""	, call. We claim w. can save you from 10 to 20 p. c.
nn ancient but *m liverish ml family.
“Do you think your money will last red the ! that long*/*— St. Louis Post Dispatch.
from 1
Hie d
1
1
over
I
Xtiglivan) church
1
“Yes, sir.”
X
Pet
i
i

i
« (

t IV

“Well, now, suppose they should
P
(
\U
thO
1
1

display, <1 ind remained
t

In

i
PUBLIC NOTICE
l
1 bv
“Form a line, sir/*
“What! One man form a line?”
1
Th
ma* A., R. Ly< I., William, wl

I
Pr
f Qu
1 I
I
Muninpalltv Pu
meeting of
f I
“Yes. sir: form a bee line tor camp.
\S

tl
No

I
*
I
!
I

I
1 tV
tin* municipality h of the month of O *ol v ed that any per
Tl

I
1

Imrcl

''lethfnlist
who w|*he et cry. near No. 1 *c)K
or Sery-Ti Hji	HH
r Lake this l«*t day of, lheir crops are assured
1
n< l
I

led


apply
Gir<
Novel
I
Rev. Mr. Wl.it
( >

i


V4
every article bought in our store.
Watch our ads. and watch us grow. We never
let up, we are alter yonr trade and hope to gain confidence by giving you fair and square
l Mr. In»

THOMAS QI’AII.H
Secy-Tr
on
FalSe Lor c
St. I
“Women are disappointed ki “OU. I tl«>u*t maiden airily.
i
bitterly
Heifer Astray
p*ponded tL* ist not draw the fact that
r
Germany’s Crown.
Tbe most militant In form of European crowns Is that of Germany, which shows eight shields bearing alternate black eagles mud Jeweled crosses, while poised on four swords blazing with diamonds Is a globe crowned with a cross of gold.
Y
Obituary Notices
f
your
treatment ami full value for every cent spent in

* frou u have known
ge
of Aug
i
nil the 1 aged to
uiifhd Times Ulspah b
fer. 1 year old. Infor» ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦h mkfully
WESLEY HYNES Clarendon h
\

n

your curve»."— HUh-

r#»r
M


1
our store.
May we expect to have you on our list (	1 hanks
Respectfully yours, .
< i
Mr. John T
Good Guess.
out In your new auto-
Had If ever* I t

1 7
STRAYED
Redd-1



? O reçue- Y t
mlng back w* didn't

M
Economy.
E« onomy Is what makes a mon wear * bis dress shirt down to work the nest morning. It Isn't romfortsble. but he bates to send It to the In undry only i half soiled.-Detroit Free Press.

r
i
i
Î
Wa
f M

ARCHIE DOVER

part or 2 light roan leading t ve I.*
i
t
Ok
Mr. t The f
I T

Y
r. I
I
w hereahe
l
K (
\\

c.”—
ere tow«*l I
I
Y< nkers Statesman
.
St. \

ALFRED ELLIOTT H. R. No. 2. Shaw
The]



idery


